SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOIXME XCIV— NO. 171.
PRESIDENT OF THE GUATEMALAN REPUBLIC. WHO IS THE FIRST
OF CENTRAL AMERICAN EXECUTIVES TO APPROVE AMERICAN
RECOGNITION OF PANAMA.
Continued on Page 2, Columns 3 and 4
WASHINGTON, ' Nov. ,17.— Treasury
officials said to-day that no investiga
tion of the. San Francisco" customs ser
vice was contemplated. ' ..' '
No Cause . for investigation.
Gasoline Stove Explcdes in a Vallejo
Establishment and Lifts
the Proprietor.
VAL'LEJO. Nov. 17.— At an early
hour this morning a gasoline stove ex
ploded in a restaurant at 117 Georgia
street owned by W. H. Williams with
sufficient force to blow the proprietor,
who was sleeping near the stove.
through a window. He was seriously
injured by burns and bruises about tile
arms, face and body.
SLEEPING BESTAtTBATEXTB
BLOWN THROUGH A WINDOW
Commissioner Birchenough points out
that a . decade, ago British fOxnorts to
South Africa were ; under . $43,000,000,
while duringv the ' last'- year •. they • ex
ceeded $130,000,000. ' :. - , •'-¦-;: i
LONDON, Nov. 17.— The Board of
Trade to-day issued an interesting blue
book, containing the report of. Henry
Birchenough, a writer on statistical
and political subjects, who was sent to
South Africa as a special commissioner
to inquire into the present condition
and prospects of British trade in that
'country. ...
In his report Commissioner , Birch
enough lays . stress on the magnitude
of the South African market, which he
says has increased 250 per cent. in the
last ten. years, , the [greatest increase,
however, having been shown in the last
two " years. -The annual value of this
trade now exceeds. the sum of $235,000, -
000, and the commissioner says that the
rapidity, with* which South Africa has
come to the' front; as a great market
for the exploitation, of British manu
factures Is almost startling.
Trade> Increases Two Hundred and
Fifty Per Cent During the
Last Ten Years.
SOUTH AFRICAN MARKET
" SHOWS STEADY GROWTH
NEWPORT, Or., Nov. 17.— The bodies
of two more men. victims of ths wreck
ed steamer South Portland, have been
washed ashore near the mouth of th»
Siletz River. To one of them a life pre
server was partly fastened, which
bears the words "Steamer South Port
land." The bodies were fully clad and
a gold watch was found In the pockets
of one, but with this exception noth
ing was found on' either body that
would Indicate their identity.
The finding of the life preserver tends
to confirm the supposition that the
body of the unknown man which float
ed ashore a few days ago was also a
victim of the same wreck. Both bodies
were buried by a Justice of the Peace
and a Jury.
the South Portland
Found.
Bodies of Two Hen Who Were on
SHIPWRECKED VICTIMS
WASHED ON A SHOBE
f*% ALL" BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.^W., \VASHING
ly TON, Nov. 17.— M. Bunau-Varilla, MinisteiLof Panama,
to-day notified all European powers, through their Embas
sadors and Ministers, of the formation of the. "independent , and
sovereign state of Panama." The French -Embassador, Jusser
and, received the Minister of Panama at the French embassy this
'morning. 1 This reception constituted, it is explained ¦ by Bunau-
Varilla, .full recognition of the government ,de jure.
Negotiations. for the new canal treaty are well under way al
ready between Bunau-Varilla and Secretary Hay. The commis
sion which arrived in New York to-day is not charged 'with the
negotiation' of the treaty. That power, Bunau-Varilla explained,
is fully vested in himself . But during the negotiations, should he
find it necessary to ask his Government for specific instructions
on any point, he will save time by turning to the commission,
which is expected here to-morrow, instead of cabling to Panama.
It is said, at the State Department ; that Admiral John G:
Walker is charged especially with a solution of the physical
phases of the canal problem, and that he will not interfere in the
present arrangements unless Consul Gudger seeks his advice. The
Panama Canal Company has been prosecuting the work of canal
construction for many months past,' under an agreement with the
State Department, which tacitly -admits the liability of the United
States Government for the cost of continuing this work. It is re
garded as extremely, desirable that there shall be no loss of prop
erty "or 'deterioration in the work' already accomplished, and Ad
miral Walker, who -undoubtedly would be president of the per
manent Canal Commission, if. the United States assume the work
of construction, is crfarged particularly to look after this phase of
the case. 4
//As some part of the French press continues to urge the Pana
ama canal directors to cancel their engagements to.sell the property
td'the United States., it is pointed out at the- State Department
that no such cancellation can be effected without a breach of con
tract that could not be tolerated by, either the French Government
or the Government of the .United States. The nature of the en
gagement between the United States Government and the Panama
CANAL NEGOTIATIONS
'-¦¦¦' . " ' .......
Two boys, Guldo and Albert Vecchi.
5 and 7 years old, arrived on the Sar
dinia a few days ago and to-night they
were started on their Journey across
the continent. Neither of' them can
speak a word of English and all they
have to identify them are ta~3 ; tlerd
around their necks, on which are in
scribed their names and destination.
They are being shipped to S Montgom
ery street, San Francisco.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.-Living in San
Francisco has not destroyed the con
fidence of Mrs. Marguerita Tosci in the
kindliness and honesty of human na
ture. So trustful Is she that she risked
having her two little boys sent all the
way from Florence, Italy, to San Fran
cisco without a guardian^ other than
such as might be found among steam
ship and railroad employes on the long
Journey.
Two Italian Children Traveling
Alone From Florence to
San Francisco.
TAGGED LIKE BAGGAGE
TOTS MAKE LONG TRIP
t , "Representative Daniels of Riverside,
presidert of the Orange Growers' Na
tional Bank" of that place,' said to-day
that he Is almost entirely Without in
formation as to what has happened to
;H.'T. Hays, who was cashier of the
Orange Growers' Bank and Major Dan
iels' political manager in his fight for
Congress. . He said that whatever had
happened , to Hays had nothing to do
with him politically, personally or
financially."
Representative Daniels said that be
fore he left Riverside for Washington
and while Hays was in New York on a
visit he heard that there had been some
land transactions with the Salt Lake
Railroad,, in which Ilays got a "com
mission." Before It developed Just, what
had been going on Major Daniels came
East. Since then he has heard nothing
except that the Salt Lake Railroad peo
ple were making inquiries with a view
to ascertaining what Hays was doing.
Captain Daniels says that whilg_he
regrets that Hays has got" himself
into trouble it will-have no effect upon
him or upon the Orange Growers' Bank
—that neither he nor the bank had
anything to do with the matter in any
wayV- - '
known to have personally taken part
in the preliminaries. Shortly before the
scandal became public Diss and Vice
1 President Gibbon were in Salt Lake,
and there Gibbon demanded of Diss a
written statement of the exact status
of Hays with the company. It - was
given him and it stated that Hays was
a confidential agent and described his
duties and powers. It had been intend
ed to spring this upon Hays as a sur
prise when the time came. Hays, how
ever, obtained a copy of the statement
and knew that he was tfeing investi
gated, long before the company was
ready for him to know it. Major Diss'
private secretary .has told the whole
story, although he'lat first denied it.
The rumor will not down that there
are prominent politicians implicated in
the, deals and that certain members of
the Legislature profited, but if the
railroad officials have evidence of this
they have not made It public. They
will not deny the truth of the rumor,
however, but simply refuse to discuss
it. It is not even suspected or hinted
at. that Congressman Daniels, president
of the bank with which Hays was con
nected, hadvany knowledge of the ques
tionable deals in which his cashier was
implicated.. A dispatch to the Times
from /Washington to-night says:
BANK NOT AFFECTED.
Attorney W. M, Peck, who represents
the railroad company in Riverside, ar
rived in Los Angeles to-night and to
morrow will attend a conference of
the leading officials of the road for the
purpose of deciding what oourse shall
be pursued. At this conference will be
decided the question as to whether the
company will proceed criminally
against certain persons who are known
to have been implicated in the steals.
It was learned to-day that there was
one big deal in which the company
was mulcted and that two agents ap
peared personally. The two represent
atives of the railroad company wanted
to . purchase a piece of property in
Riverside owned by Mary J. Mann of
Erie, Pa., on which B. B. Bush had se-'
cured an option for $6000. Bush de
manded $7000 for the property and
finally was told that $500 would be;
given him for his bargain, it being un
derstoo"iiwthat the papers should show
that he had sold for $7000. He agreed
and $500 was placed to his credit In the
Riverside Bank and $6000 sent to Mrs..
Mann. Through the right of way de
partment the railroad company / paid
$S000 for the property, somebody mak
ing $1500 thereby. '
Other similar cases have been discov
ered, but in none of them, so far as!
have been made public, has Dlss been
ZOS ANGELES. Nov. 17.—Al
though the investigation into
the land frauds by which the
Salt Lake Railroad Company
has been made to pay thou
sands of dollars without adequate re
turn has not been completed, the most
Important development thus far since
the sensational denouement which re
sulted in the forced resignation of H.
T. Hays from the Orange Growers' Na
tional Bank at Riverside is evidence
which seems to point to the fact that
many others are involved In the ques
tionable transactions. ,
The railroad officials say. that it will
not be necessary for Major Diss to re
sign, that the investigation which he
invited is now in progress and has. been
In progress for two weeks and . that as
a result . of it the scandal and fraud
were discovered. They, declare^that.if
Diss knew nothing of the gigantic
steals in the department of which he is
the head he is not the man for' the
place, and therefore whether he resigns
or not he must go.
Major Diss has engaged an attorney
to look after his interests, and to-day
there were summoned from Riverside
a number of persons who -have been
close to Hays. To-night for several
hours this party was closeted j with
Diss, but what was done none of those
present would give out. The only state
ment made was that Diss will have
ample defense.
CONFERENCE IS CALLED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, Nov. 17.—
General Jimlnez,- the leader of the rev
olution in the Dominican republic, has
arrived at Santiago de los . Cabellos,
San Domingo, to take part in definite
operations with a view to making a de
cisive attack on the capital, San Do
mingo.
The French cruiser Jurien de la Gra
viere has arrived at San Domingo. Ra
mon Caceres,' the revolutionary general
who landed with Jimlnez recently in
San Domingo, remained at Puerto
Plata, \ ¦ • - '
JIMINEZ EFFECTS A LANDOTG.
Kebel Leader Will Participate in
Attack on San Domingo.
At the offices of the Clyde line it was
said that the Cherokee would clear to
morrow for her usual trip, calling at
the ports which, the. local Dominican
Consul says, are closed.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The United
States Government has refused to rec
ognize the blockade of San Domingo
ports and has protested against it.
This was confirmed by N. N. Strahan,
collector of the port of New York, to
day. The collector received telegraph
ic advices from the Treasury Depart
ment, advising him that the State De
partment did not consider the blockade
effective and had entered a vigorous
protest against it. The collector, in
conformity with his instructions and
the protest, has notified masters of
vessels sailing to San Domingo ports
that clearance papers will be issued for
any port in San Domingo, thus official
ly refuting the effectiveness of the
blockade.
United States Issues Clearance Pa
. pers for Doniingan Ports. V
IGNORES THE BLOCKADE.
Sensation Expected in Southern
California Land Scandal.
» TEW YORK/ Nov. ..17.— Jn- response to The Call-
J\J Herald's request for the attitude of the Government of
* \ Guatemala toward the new republic of Panama President
Manuel Estrada Cabrera cabled the following:
"GUATEMALA LA NUEVA; Guatemala, Nov. 17.— In
Guatemala the recognition of the republic of Panama as a nation
by the United States is regarded as a matter wholly within its
rights. In Guatemala Panama's sovereignty will be observed and
respected. TJhis nation, as a matter of fact, believes that the reso
lution for the establishment of the republic is valid under interna
tional law. Guatemala, however, up to the present time, has* re
ceived no information or communication from the people of Pan
ama or Colombia/other than such as is contained in the public
A/f "F^TF* AT^ A C A TIT? FT? A " ¦ '
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
FORMER CASHIER OF THE ORANGE-GROWERS' NATIONAL, BANK
OF RIVERSIDE, WHO RESIGNED DURING INVESTIGATION OF
FRAUD IN RAILROAD RIGHT OF WAY FRANCHISES.
President Cabrera Approves the
Course of ike UnHed^Stdtes.
The .revolutionists fired upon the
Clyde liner New York as she was en
tering the port of Samana. The ves
sel^was not damaged. ...,-.;,,,._,
The "Government has ap
pointed Minister of "Foreign * Relations
Galvan and JudgW -George Gray of Del
aware as commissioners to arbitrate
the Santo .Domingo- improvement case,
as the result of, Minister Powell's de
termination to compel the carrying^out
of the terms of the protocol. Commis
sioner Galvan will leave for the United
States to-morrow. It is possible the in
surgents will endeavor to capture him.
SAN DOMINGO, Monday, Nov. 16.—
The situation here is serious. The in
surgents are bombarding the city. Gen
erals Wencleglac Figuero and Juan
Francisco Sanchez are refugees in the
foreign legations. The city is complete
ly invested by 4000 -men under Pinctf
ardo and four other generals. A gen
eral attack is expected.
General Woa y Gil refuses to capitu
late and it is believed that the fighting
will be severe. The situation is desper
ate and fighting in the streets is like
ly to occur .at any moment.
The United States cruiser Baltimore
has been compelled to leave to recoal.
United States Minister Powell is en
deavoring to protect American .inter
ests with the limited means at his dis
posal. A German naval vessel is ready
to land troops at a moment's notice.
The insurgents endeavored to have
Minister Powell recognize them, but
this the Minister refused to do.
Chief of Police O'Neill issued an order
•Lnited States mail wagons if the driv
ers ehow a disposition to blockade the
street car tracks or hinder the police Vn
efforts to keep the streets clear. The
drivc.vin such cases are to be arrested
after the mall Is delivered at the list-
A crowd this afternoon attacked a
wagon bearing provicions for non-union
men. cut the horses loose, overturned
the river" threW the contents »nto
On the Wentworth avenueiine to-day
a htav^.' couch dropped in front of a
Bwj't-moving car by two men almost
caunvj a smash-up at West Forty-first
street. Switches were spiked all the
*v_y from West Seventy-seventh street
to West Thirty-ninth street and it was
necessary to make frequent stops to
close thf m. A huge tr«e had to be re
moved from the track at Thirty-first
street and a rock at Thirty-third street
Occasionally^ shot \ras fired at a car
as it passed, or a brick)or piece of iron
was sent Hying through a window, but
no person is known to have been in
jured- ...
The initial cars on the Cottage Grove
avenue line traversed the entire route
to the center of the city without serious
difficulty. As a result the street rail
way officials claimed practically to
have mastered the strike on a second
trunk Jine, the first to be brought under
control being the Wentworth avenue
electric line. r '\ r <
Five trains left the barns near Thir
ty-eighth street, on Cottage Grove ave
nue, for the downtown loop at 9:45
o'clock, a heavy police brigade attend
ing each train. The gripmen were pro
tected by heavy wire screens, while
nearly 1000 patrolmen guarded the line
and kept the crowds moving. Wagons
were hurried along and kept off the
street so far as possible.
A number of pistol shots near the
barns at Thirty-ninth street and Cot
tage Grove avenue startled the non
union employes housed within. For a
rhort time the strike breakers believed
that an attack was being made upon
their stronghold. The shots proved to
have been fired by men who brought
two wagonloads of supplies. Within a
half block of the barns pickets halted
the drivers and demanded that they
turn around and drive back. The driv
ers immediately opened fire and drove
Quickly to the barns. After unloading
the provisions they returned to the
company's headquarters, followed by a
brigade of union pickets.
Tb* object of the* meeting was to
bring the two sides to a point where
arbitration is possible. This the Mayor
believes has been accomplished.
Despite the promising outlook for a
peaceable ending of the trouble in the
near future, the management of the
road will to-morrow renew its efforts
to break the strike. Announcement
was made to-night that an effort would
be made to-morrow to open another of
the branches of the system. The at
tempt will be made on the electric line
running through Indiana avenue, and,
if successful, this will make a total of
three branches that have been opened
for traffic since the inception of the
strike last Thursday.
The Cottage Grove avenue line was
the scene of much of to-day's strike
activity. This line has been entirely
tied up since the inception of the strike,
except for the operation of mail cars.
The Wentworth-avenue service . was
continued to-day on practically the
same schedule as yesterday. Twenty
five cars were operated on a five-min
ute schedule.
it is said that a further conference
with the railway officials was arranged
for to-morrow.
tion was decidedly flattering.
"I was agreeably surprised at the
conciliatory attitude displayed by both
rides to the controversy," he said, "and
we made more progress at our first
meeting than I had expected."
He declined to enter into the details
of the discussion that took place, but
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— Peace negotia
tions looking to an amicable settlement
of the struggle between the manage
ment of the Chicago City Railway and
Its striking employes were begun this
afternoon and the indications to-night
are that both sides to the controversy
will agree to submit their differences to
arbitration.
After a conference, which lasted sev
eral hours, between Mayor Harrison,
the officials of the company and the
special Aldermanic peace commission
appointed by Mayor Harrison at the
direction of the City Council, followed
by another meeting in which President
Mahon of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Street Railway Employes and
his legal advisers took part, Mayor
Harrison declared that the outlook for
a settlement of the strike by arbitra-
PEKING. Nov. 17.— General Wogack.
formerly Russian military agent in
China, has arrived here from St. Peters
burg with the Russian commissioners
of three Manchurian provinces for con
sultation with Lessar, the Russian Min
ister. >-.•:
CHEFU, Nov. 17.— A correspondent at
Krasnoyarsk, Western Siberia, tele
graphs that forty arrests have been
made at Krasnoyarsk In connection
with a revolutionary movement, the
headquarters of which are in Eurqpean
Russia.
A member of the staff of Novi Krai
has been arrested at Port Arthur,
where the arrests are, perhaps, very
numerous,' but the police conceal
everything:.
Despite the cheerful tone of the Rus
sian press, matters are most serious,
owing to the impatience of the Japan
ese at Russian expedients to gain time.
COLOGNE. Nov. 17.— There is some
friction at Seoul in consequence of a
street brawl between Koreans and Jap
anese. According to a dispatch to the
Cologne Gazette from Seoul, the Jap
anese Minister has demanded that the
Chief of Police and gendarmerie ba
censured and be ordered to proceed to
the legation of Japan and apologize for
insults to Japanese subjects; and he
threatens, in the event of their recur
rence, to send Japanese guards to as
sist the police in maintaining order.;.
TOKIO, Nov. 17.— The American de
mand for the opening of the Korean
port of Wiju has created a g-jod Im
pression as being another sign of Amer
ican co-operation In the Anglo-Japan
ese policy of the "open door." The
Korean 'court is inclined to open the
port, but the Russian Minister strongly
opposes it.
Special Cable to The Call and ''New York
Herald. Copyright, 1903, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
German Vessel Prepares to
Land Troops to Guard
Foreigners.
Editor of a Port Arthur
Newspaper One of Im
prisoned Suspects.
Pending Final Action, How
ever, No Truce Will Be
Declared.
Railway Company and
Unions Are Ready
for Peace.
Headquarters of Plot
ters Is in European
Russia.
Resume Bombardment
During Absence of
¦ Cruiser.
Mayor of Chicago
Successful as
Mediator.
Many Arrests of
Leaders in the
Movement
Insurgents Shell
the City of San
Domingo.
ARBITRATION
MAY SETTLE
THE STRIKE
THREATENED
REVOLUTION
IN SIBERIA
NO WARSHIP
TO PROTECT
AMERICANS
RAILROAD INQUIRY
SOON MAY INVOLVE
EMPLOYES IN FRAUD
GUATEMALA WILL
STAND BY THE NEW
PANAMA REPUBLIC
V. + ?,?? fj
TBS I] :HSATUK3.
Alcasar — "The Club's Baby."
California — "Sis ZCopkl-s."
Central — "Under the Polar Star."
Columbia — Virginia Harned, ia
"iris." •
Fischer's — "Bubes and Soses."
Grand — "Ben Har."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville. x
Tivoll— Grand Opera.
The San Francisco Call
TEE WSATXEB.
_____ V v- >».
Forecast maSo at S-_''_*7a_cU;
eo for thirty hoars ending mid
nl«-t. XTarember 18, 1903.
Baa J Pranciico •_._ "Vicinity—
Cloudy, unsettled weather Wed
nesday, probably showers by
niZ-t; frets- southeast winds.
A. O. -XcASXB,
District Forecaster.NEW YORK, Nov. 1.— Application
was made to-day by Madeline Hughes,
a stockholder of the Compressed Air
Company, to have a receiver appointed
for the corporation. She alleges in her
petition that the company is Insolvent
and unable to pay Its debts. The com
pany has a capital stock of 53,000.000.
The company was cited to appear No
vember 20. '">:>-¦
Compressed Air Company in Trouble.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. . AJ1
dniRfdsts refund the . money; if It fails to cure.
E. -.TV.' Grove's signature is on each box: 25c •
;To Cure a Cold in One Day.
California— James H. Adams, Fuller
ton, wrench; Charles H. Blrdsall, Co
rona, gopher trap; James L. Brown,
assignor one-half to J. G. Young, Los
Angeles, water elevator;, Albert E.
Buckingham, East Oakland, assignor
three-fourths to F. Tindall, F. Kling
berg and G. F. Foye, Oakland, pencil;
Edwin D. Casterline, A. E. Sexton, H.
C. Stockwell and W. E. Swalm, as
signors to Single Sheet Paper Com
pany, Los Angeles; device for counting
and delivery of . sheets of paper; 'An
tonio Ceruti, San Francisco, can filling
machine (2); Walter Cole, San Fran
cisco, excavating machine (2); Edmond
R. Cook, Sacramento, fluid pressure
regulator; same, assignor one-half to
G. F. Heusnes, Portland, Or., gas regu
lator: Horace L. Cutler. Los Angeles,
telephone hygienic appliance; Henry
S. Delamar, Ferndale, playing cards;
James M.' Dolan, Llvermore, door
closer for hay press; Edward Early,
Lathrop, riddle for grain cleaners; Ar
thur D. Foote, Grass Valley, preparing
concentrating surfaces: Roger B.
Friend, Oakland, card playing device:
William Ghiglieri, assignor one-half
to J. J. Smith, Stockton,- petroleum gas
burner; Frederick W.Gray, Los Angeles,
weighing scale; Maurice Griffith, S.
Sanker and B. Keither, Riverside,
means for disinfecting telephone trans
mitter mouthpieces; Marshall C. Har
ris, San Francisco, cutter head for suc
tion dredgers; CfharlesR. Johnston,
Eureka, assignor to Johnston Calking
and Sole Stretching Machine Company,
and M. E. Kittery, machine for stretch
ing soles of boots or shoes; Leo V. Lev
inger, San Francisco, bathing appara
tus; Leon P. Lowe, San Francisco, gate
valve and door; Adolf Neu, assignor to
E: Duryea, Colton, fuel. burner;- Dennis
J. O'Brien, assignor one-half to T. A.'
Rottanzl," San '' Francisco, reflector; Jo
seph W. Pinder, San Francisco, ore
concentrator: Mark -A. Rice, Los An
geles, , rotary; Arthur ; E. Sexton, as
signor to Single Sheet Paper Company,
Los Angeles, paper holder; Robert C.
Shepherd, . assignor to J." R. v Newbury,
a nd R. , J. Waters, '? Los Angeles, . muf
fler for explosive engines: Perrv Small
Army order— First Lieutenant Comp
ton Wilson, assistant surgeon, now at
San^ Francisco, goes to Fort Howard,
Md. -
I The following patents were issued to
day:
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Fourth
class postmasters appointed: Califor
nia—T.D. Goodwin, Balls Ferry, Shas
ta County, vice Harry Hall, resigned;
William Sanderson, Keswick, Shasta
County, vice David B. Bork, resigned;
N. V. Wemple, Milford, Lassen County,
vice John B. Christie, resigned; John
Thomas, Towle, Placer County, vice
John Hamilton, deceased.
City delivery service will be-estab
lished February 1, 1904, -at San Luis
Obispo, Cal.
Navy ordera — Lieutenant Command
er W. P. White goes from the Alliance
to Mare Island, Cal., with a draft of
men, thence to the Solace as executive
officer. Ensign H. II. Cage goes from
the Alliance to Mare Island, thence to
the' Independence, thence to the Ta
coma. '.
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More
¦ Patents Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Oroville, bearing for dredging ma
chines; Louis R. Tulloch, Angels Camp,
ore feeder; Edward S. Ward; San Jose,
reversible rotary engine.
Oregon— John 'A. Brown, Portland,
portable conveyor; George H. Elmer,
Pleasant Valley;, potato planter; John
Heenan, Portland, paving.
Washington— Lewis L. BIgelow, Seat
tle, switch turning device; George C.
Calentine, assignor one-half to H.
Hewitt Jr., C. S. Bisler and J. C. Don
nelly, Tacoma, railway switch; Joseph
M. Comer, Spokane, automatic switch;
Byron C. Riblet, Spokane, rope clip;
Willian Scharnweber, Seattle, com
bined match stick making and racking
machine; Frank W. and H. L. Shupert,
Spokane, gravity boiler feeder.
BOSTON, Nov. 17. — As a result of a
movement started some years ago, a
change In the method of assessment
from the. flat rate, a meeting of the
Grand .Lodge of Massachusetts of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen
here to-day ended In the adoption after
a heated discussion of a resolution to
sever all connection with the Supreme
Lodge of the United States. The New
Hampshire and Vermont lodges are
under the jurisdiction of the Massa
chusetts Grand Lodge.
Withdraw From Supreme Lodge.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The revo
lutionists of San Domingo to-day ap
plied to the State Department for recog
nition by the United States. The appli
cation was presented to the department
by J; M. Giordan, who represented him
self as the provisional agent of the
revolutionary government, of which
General Jiminez is the head. The State
'Department has declined the recogni
tion, informing Giordan that • it has
been the unbroken policy of the State
Department to recognize only de facto
governments, and that if Minister
'Powell, who is on the spot, finds that
the revolutionists have actualy estab
lished a capital and opened ports and
are able- to protect life and property
he will recognize them. ,
Request of Domingan Rebels Is Re
fused in. Washington.
APPEAL FOR RECOGNITION.
It was unofficially announced by the
Colombian commissioners that General
Reyes, representing the Bogota Gov- 1
ernment, was coming; to the isthmus
to confer with the provisional Govern
ment of Panama.
A dozen marines from the United
States steamship Dixie have been or
dered to remain ashore to act as sig
nal men for the communication of rou
tine messages between the shore and
the United States fleet.
The Peace Commissioners left the
Mayflower at 2 o'clock in the after
noon, accompanied by a number of of
ficers of the vessel. ! On reaching the
landing of the Royal Mall dock the
Commissioners walked by the side of
the officials to the steamer Trente, only
a few yards distant. They presented
the appearance of being prisoners,
: Senors Arosamona and Morales then
delivered addresses In which they ex
pressed views similar to those enun
ciated by Senor Arias.
• The threat of Senor Insignares that
the republic of Colombia would, e^n
force Its alleged rights In isthmian ter
ritory did not cause apprehension, to
the Panaman commissioners, who re-'
celved it with equanimity and did not
give it any serious consideration.
."Colombia will always find in this
country the most sincere brotherly
feeling. The political ties binding' the
isthmus to Colombia have been broken,
but the fault is not that of the isth
mus. TKe ties of affection, however,
can never be broken."
Senor Insignares, in answer, ex
pressed his deep sorrow at finding that
the hopes of reconciliation were im
possible of realization and that the ac->
tiona of the people of the isthmus of
Panama were irrevocable. He de
clared that all the people of Colombia
would unite in an effort to enforce the
rights of the republic on the Isthmus
of Panama even at the cost of great
sacrifices. : U/v
The Panamaians replied that they
woul#l not return to the republic of
Colombia and declared that the assur
ances came too late, as Panama's posi
tion was so advantageous that they
could not see any reason for changing.
During the conference Nikano Insig
nares, a brother of the Governor of the
State of Bolivar and who was the
spokesman of the Colombians, made a
strong appeal to the Panamans not
to disrupt the republic of Colombia,
and he supplemented his appeal by the
solemn assurance that Colombia would
grant all the rights demanded by the
isthmians and eventually carry out
their grand project of building .the
canal.
Replying to Senor Insignares, Tomas
Arias, representing the junta, said that
the Bogota Government and the Co
lombians generally did not appear to
grasp the actual coifcitions prevailing
on the Isthmus. The revolution, Senor
Arias said, was born absolutely ' of
the unanimous desire of the people of
Panama and was irrevocable. Con
tinuing, Senor Arias said:
COLON, Nov. 17. — The Panamaian
Commission, composed of Senors
Arias, Morales and Aiosemena, which
left Panama yesterday to meet the
Peace Commission from the Depart
ment of Bolivar, boarded the Mayflower
to-day and held a short conference
with Colombians, who represent only
the Department of Bolivar and. the
Governor of that department* and who
have no credentials from Bogota. The
Colombians asked the Panamaians if
they would return to the republic of
Colombia, assuring them'- concessions
and considerations on the passage of a
canal treaty. . t • .
Colombian Proposals Coldly Received
by the Panaxnaians.
PEACE MISSION FAILS.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 17.— A special
fro'm Galveston, Tex., says: Three
travelers on the steamship Cuban, in
quarantine, one of whom was believed
to be President Marroquin of Colombia,
are merchants en route to "New York
on business. The health officers say
that none . of the passengers on the
Cuban'answer the description of Mar
roquin. The vessel will not come to
her wharf until Thursday.
Marroquin Not at Galveston.
MOKGAN NOT TO WITHDRAW.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— The Sen
ate committee appointed by the Re
publcan caucus tp fill vacancies on
stahding'cbmmittees held its first meet
ing, to-day. Senator HaWley, ranking
Republican member of the; Inter-
Oceanic Canal Committee, has ' asked
to be relieved from duty on the com
mittee because of ill-health. The report
that Senator Morgan will withdraw
from the committee when he'is deposed
from the chairmanship, which it has
been decided shall go to Senator Hanna,
Is not credited by either Republicans
or Democrats. — ¦
"Capital and Labor," response by Bish
np Doane; "The Commercial Imagina
tion." response by Rev. Donald Sage
Markay." and "Arbitration as a Means
for the Settlement of International Dis
rutes." response by Thomas Barclay,
fX-preFident of the British Chamber of
Commerce-, of J'aris.
A letter from President Roosevelt
was read, in part as follows:
"The truo ideal of this country is that
hand-in-h-and- with its material devel
opments there shall go a high and fine
Fense of responsibility to the public on
the part of those whose powers and
ability cr.able them to take the lead in
its material development. It is the
pnod fortune not only of the people of
th*> State of New York, but of all our
people, that we can conscientiously say
of the Chamber of Commerce that
among Us members we have found to
an unusually hiph degree this combi
nation of preat business ability with
the spirit which practices and de
mands In toprity In public and private
affairs alike."
After thf> toasts "The President" and
Among the other distinguished guests
present were Postmaster General
Payne. Senators Allison and Depew,
Lieutenant General Young, General
Corbiri, Rear Admiral Rodgers, Judge
Alton B. Parker, Carl Schurz, White
law Reid, Bishops Potter and Doane
and St. Clair McKelway
The list of toasts was as follows: "The
ProsTdent"; "His Majesty Edward
VII"; '"Our Merchant Marine," re
sponse \>y Secretary Shaw;"The Sen
ate of ' the United States," response by
Senator Allison; '.'The Army," response
by .General • Young; "The Navy," re-
Fponse by Rear Admiral Rodgers;
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The one hun
dred and thirty-fifth annual dinner of
the Chamber of Commerce was held to
night at Delmonico's, Morris K. Jessup,
president of the chamber, presiding,
with Secretary of the Treasury Shaw
on his right and Governor Odell on his
left.
"There are no negotiations for a set
tlement pending. No settlement of thr»
pending controversy will ever be made
until a new reorganization plan Is
agreed to by our adversaries that fairly
and properly protects and takes care of
all the bondholders."
Henry Wollman, counsel for the
bondholders of the company, said to
nipht:
''There fs reason to believe that the
hitch concerns the Bethlehem Steel
Company, the richest member of the
shipbuilding: family. This company,
was not In the combination at the time
of the issue of the first mortgage bonds
of the shipbuilding company, and It 13
suggested that Schwab, who la the
Bethlehem Company, 13 not willing
that the steel company shall be placed
back of these bonds. Schwab Is under
stood to be willing to let the first mort
gage bondholders of the shipbuilding
company share In the Sheldon reorgan
ization plan and keep the relative rank
of their securities. He is willing that
these bondholders shall pay their pro
rata amount of the new working capi
tal, but he is not willing that the Beth
lehem Company shall become security
for the bonds issued before it became a
member of the combination."
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— While • per
sistent reports that the shipyard scan
dal would be hushed up have been cur
rent since the last hearing before H.
D. Oliphant, the special United States
examiner appointed by Judge Kirkpat
rlck to hear testimony on the applica
tion to make permanent the temporary
receivership, it is now known that the
scandal will be sifted to the bottom.
Even if the complainant group of first
mortgage bondholders should agree to
some reorganization compromise and
cease examining officers of the collapsed
United States Shipbuilding Company,
alleged promoters, expert accountants
and others presumed to have Intimate
knowledge of the inception and flota
tion of the enterprise, other Interested
persona will probe the scheme.
From beginning of revelations It has
been understood that in due time an
inquiry would be instituted regarding
the circumstances leading to the listing
of the United States Shipbuilding se
curities on the New York Stock Ex
change. It is now known that a sub
committee of the exchange already has
this matter under advisement. Severe
punishment may be visited upon any
person or group of men who imposed
upon the men charged with maintain
ing the integrity of the Stock Ex
change.
The' Evening Post to-day printed the
following:
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The Evenir.?
Post to-day prints the following:
"In the Wall street district the im
pression has been general for several
days that a compromise in the United
States Shipbuilding Company receiver
ship litigation depends solely upon an
agreement as to terms. It has seemed
evident that something looking to a
settlement of tho long-drawn-out liti
gation, with Its f--quent adjournments.
is certainly afoot, and it has been final
ly, believed in many quarters that
neither Charles M. Schwab nor Max
Pam will ever be called to the witness
stand.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
I The population of the new republic is
composed of • various elements — Span
ish, Indian, negro and -a limited num
ber of persons • from the European
countries' and the United States, espe
cially those engaged in commerce and
transportation and the operation of the
Panama Railway. A considerable num
ber of the population is composed of
persons brought to the isthmus as la
borers for the construction of the ca
nal, and of their descendants. Since
the abolition of slavery in Jamaica a
considerable number of blacks and mu
lattoes have settled on the isthmus as
small dealers and farmers, and in some
villages on the Atlantic side they are
said to be in the majority. Some of the
native population have retained their
customs, speech and physical type, es
pecially those in the western part of
the province, and claim to be descend
ants of the natives found in that sec
tion by the Spaniards when they dis
covered and conquered the country.
Of the commerce of Panama, the
United States supplies a larger share
than any other country. The importa
tions at the port of Colon during the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1903, as
shown by the report of the United
States Consul, amounted to $952,684, of
which $614,179 was from the United
States. $119,086 from France, .$118,322
from England, $76,386 from Germany.
From the port of Panama the exports
to the United States in the fiscal year
1903 amounted to $193,342, of which $56,
767 was hides, $49,974 India rubber, $27,
805 cocobolo nuts, $16,593 ivory nuts.
Canal Negotiations Progressing.
Colon, or Aspinwall, as it is some
times calledv has a population of about
3000 persons. The city of Panama has
a population of about 25,000. It was
founded in 1519, burned in 1671 and re
built in 1673, while Colon is of much
more recent date, having been founded
in 1855.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The com
merce of Panama amounts to about
$3,000,000 per annum, its population to
about 300,000 and Its area to 31,571
square miles, or nearly equal to that
of the State of Indiana. These figures
are supplied by the Department of
Commerce and Labor through its Bu
reau of Statistics, and are the latest
available data on commerce, popula
tion and area. j
. The principal ports are Panama, on
the Pacific Coast, and Colon,', on the
Atlantic side.- and these ports are vis
ited annually by more than 1000 ves
sels, which land more than 1,000,000
tons of merchandise and nearly 100,000
passengers, chiefly for transfer over
the Panama Railway, forty-seven
miles in length, connecting the Pacific
port of Panama with the Atlantic port
of Colon.
Population and Resources of the
Little Republic. rt /
SOMETHING ABOUT PANAMA.
For two days, November 4 and '5,
great excitement prevailed in Colon
and many of the foreign residents
sought shelter with their families
aboard the City of Washington. ; .
The Commissioners, on arrival here,
did not know their exact status and de
clined to talk until they had received
the latest intelligence from Washing
ton. They could not say whether they
would go direct to Washington or riot.
Dr. Manuel Echeverri of New -York
met the Commissioners at quarantine.
After some parley the troops went
down on the pier to the British Royal
Mail steamer Atrato to embark for
Cartagena. The commanding officers
in the meantime had gone to. Panama
and the troops were without comman
ders. Colonel Black, with the marines;
taking advantage of the fact that the
troops had all. passed down . the pier,
changed the cotton bale barricades un
til they blocked the pier and refused to
allow the troops to come back to shore.
A fund of $8000 was collected and the
troops were sent, passage prepaid, by
the Atrato to Cartagena.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— From, the
foremast * head of the steamer City of
¦Washington, which arrived to-day from
Colon, flew. the flag of the republic of
Panama and on board were the. special
Commissioners sent by the new repub
lic to the United States. The Commis
sioners- are Dr) Manuel E. Amador and
Federico Boyd, and with them are Car
los Arozmena, secretary, and Archibald
Boyd, attache. ¦
The City of Washington was in the
center of the trouble at Colon; and re
ceived on board a large number, of
women and children because- of the
general fear of a clash between the in
surrectionists and the Colombian
troops. There were 500 of these troops
in Colon who demanded transportation
by rail to Panama,, but the railway au
thorities refused to take them. They
marched down to the railroad terminal
and were stopped by United States ma
rines from the United States cruiser
Nashville." The marines had run flat
cars laden with cotton bales in front of
the depot and filled the windows with
bales of cotton, forming barricades
which were manned by marines. . ' ¦
Panama Junta's Commissioners Land
¦:¦. at New York.
AMADOU'-'. AND BO YD ARRIVE.
Delivers an Interesting Address at
the Annual Dinner of the
Chamber of Commerce of
New York.
Circumstances Leading to .the List
ing of Securities of the Com-"
bin© Are to Be Brought
to Idght -
Sccratary of Treasury Says
Cur Foreign Oommerca Is
Falling Off.
New York ' Stock Exchange
Will Go to Bottom of
Scandal.
"Your shipping men know that if two
vessels started from Liverpool for San
Francisco,- one by the Suez canal and
one by Cape Horn, they would both
beat a vessel sailing from New York to
San Francisco around the Horn. That's
only one reason why we must have the
canal." ¦ ¦' ?
Secretary Shaw had carefully pre
pared a speech, but toward its end he
departed from It, and he said in part:
"We are going to dig the Panama
canal. Do you realize that this is equal
to our voting a subsidy to the /com
merce of all the countries of Europe?
It will benefit them all, but we believe
it will benefit us still more.
"I am not ' contending for ship sub
sidies if any, more feasible course can
be devised. if ship subsidies will
insure us a 'merchant marine, tffen I
am for, such subsidies. If some other
measure will insure a merchant marine
then I am for some other measure. If
several measures combined will .insure
a merchant marine then I am for all
such measures." . •
"Nor would this be all. The estab
lishment ', qf trade in these countries
would be followed by American ware
houses, the American branch offices,
and the American banks. The conflict
b'ettfdan the great powers of the world
ls.na longer military, but commercial.
Europe; is : not seeking to establish naval
stations Jn the direction I have indi
catedtbut she has already established
commercial stations there and out of
these are liable to rise complications
fully. aSJntrieate, and vastly more deli
cate. Fortunately the Venezuelan mat
ter Is being settled by arbitration. God
grant that all difficulties of this char
acter tliat may hereafter rrse on the
western hemisphere may be solved in
the same way.
"If. we had our share of the com
merce of the south and west of us in
stead "of a paltry 10 per cent we would
be In a position to insist that they
should be .settled.
"A representative of these lines would
wait, at the door of every factory in
the land begging for the production of
goods -specially designed to meet the
peculiar needs, desires and whims of
the countries for which they were in
tendeS.':And> mark you, gentlemen, a
foreign market for a million dollars of
manufactured.^ products means a do
mestic market" f or at lea"st $§00,000 of
labor.' 1 , '"'¦ • '-'¦'. ..-?¦ ¦'»"¦;".•'•"'."..
AID FOB. .MIERCHANT MARINE.
"Without attempting to give the rea
sons therefor, I content myself with
stating the fact that forty years ago
we had only one-fourth as much for
eign commerce to. transport as we have
now, yet we actually carried in Amer
ican bottoms forty - years ago three
times as much foreign commerce as we
carry to-day. These conditions may
be satisfactory to you. They seem to
be satisfactory to many. But they are
not satisfactory to me.
"As certain as the world revolves the
time will come when our people will
give more heed to securing a respect
able share of the trade of south Amer
ican republics, South Africa, the islands
south of the equator and th'i countries
washed by the Pacific Ocean. Suppose
we now had regular lines of steamship
communication between our ports and
the countries I have mentioned, the
Government paying: the loss UBtiTour
trade should be established, what would
be the result?
The Secretary pointed out that by
acts of Congress and through Govern
ment encouragement this country has
the best railway systems in existence
and the cheapest rates: its factories
turn out more manufactured' products
than any other two countries on the
map bv over three thousand millions
per annum; its agricultural interests
are more valuable than those of any
other country and its mineral output
has passed the billion-dollar line.
Seecretary Shaw, continuing, said:
ica. 7 " ¦ ••
LOSS OF FOREIGN COMMERCE.
Secretary Shaw was introduced and
said in part as follows: ¦
"The only unprotected American in
dustry is its merchant marine. An act
of Congress approved by George Wash
ington, and never repealed, though fre
quently, assailed, gives the American
shipbuilder, the American shipwright,
the American shipowner and the Amer
ican rtag a monopoly in our coastwise
trade, and we have not only the most
efficient service but the cheapest coast
wise rates in the world."
"His \ Majesty Edward VII" had been
drunk standing the • orchestra played
the national airs of England and Amer-
Furlong and William Lynch took
Mrs. Myrick and Miss Holt to the
Schlitz Cafe after a theatrical perform
ancetand were insulted by four young
men who followed them to the Hotel
Metropole, where Furlong shot and
killed McDonald. .:..-/ . '
When this verdict of the Coroner's
jury was received this afternoon a
wild scene ensued. Deafening cheers
from hundreds of spectators continued
for five minutes. The St. Louis travel
ing man who was assaulted at the
Hotel Metropole Sunday morning and
who killed the young millionaire, Ir
ving P. McDonald, was a free man.
"I sincerely regret this affair," was
the only statement the young man
would make. The chief interest cen
tered in the persons of two women of
the "Governor's Son" theatrical com
pany, Mrs. Myrick and Miss Holt, who
testified that Furlong acted on the de
fensive. ' ¦ .
ST. JOSEPH, Moj, Nov. 17 -~ " We>
the jury in the above empaneled case,
find that Irving P. McDonald came to
his- death from a shot fired by Joseph
F. Furlong in the defense of his own
life."
Spccial Dispatch to The Call.
The royal personages dined together
at Windsor Castle to-night while the
members of the respective suites dined
in a separate apartment. In honor of
the : visit of 'the Italian sbvereign the
Mayor of Windsor entertained the
Iatlian colony at the guild hall.-
After the presentation of an address
from the Mayor and corporation of
Windsor to King Victor Emmanuel a
procession was formed. The two Kings,
the Prince of Wales and the Duke of
Connaught occupied the first carriage
and the two Queens and Princess Vic
toria were seated in the second vehicle.
These were followed by six state car
riages, containing the suites, all drawn
by white' horses with postilions In red
and gold liveries. The starting of the
procession was signal for renewed
shouting by the crowds of people.
The procession, which moved slowly
along the troop-lined route, entered the
castle by the famous sovereigns' gate
way.
After lunch- on board the yacht the
King and Queen and the Prince of
"Wales disembarked and King Victor
Emmanuel Inspected the guards of
honor and the naval cadets from the
college at Osborne, after which the
party entered a train and started for
"Windsor amid another salute from the
guns of the fleet. It rained heavily as
the royal party left Portsmouth.
The royal visitors received an en
thusiastic welcome at "Windsor. The
station was handsomely draped with
the Italian colors. King Edward,
Queen Alexandra and other members
of the royal family awaited the Ital
ian sovereigns on the platform and the
greetings between the hosts and guests
were most cordial.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— King Victor Em
manuel and Queen Helena of Italy
reached Portsmouth on the royal yacht
Victoria and Albert this morning amid
salutes from the ships and land bat
teries in the barbor. Upon. the arrival
of the yacht at the jetty the Prince of
"Wales went aboard and welcomed the
King and Queen in the name of King
Edward and of the nation. A torpedo
flotilla met the royal vessel and formed
an escort for the royal yacht through
the home fleet lying at Spithead. All
the ships were dressed and manned,
and the cheers of the crews mingled
with the reports of the guns In giving
the Italian King and Queen a welcome
to England. Great crowds lined every
vantage point, and bluejackets and ma
rines lined the Jetty. A band played
the Italian national anthem as the
yacht steamed alongside. The Prince
of Wales was met at the top ?of the
gangway by King Victor Emmanuel
and Queen Helena. After greetings had
been exchanged between the royal per
sonages the naval and military com
manders were introduced to the King
and Queen, and the Mayor of Ports
mouth > presented an address to King
Victor Emmanuel, who briefly ex
pressed his thanks for the message of
good will.
Verdict Is Received With
Deafening Cheers by
Spectators.
The flae: of the republic of Panama
which was saluted by the Marblehead
this morning was made on board that
vessel.
Senor Arango. a member of the junta,
answered, saying that in the name of
the junta and of the people of Panama
he expressed sincere pleasure at the
presence of the gallant fleet in Panama
Bay, representing the noble people and
Government of the United States, "to
whom the isthmus is deeply grateful
for the hand of fellowship so gener
ously and promptly extended to them
by its great President."
Gudger proposed a toast to a new
Panama canal" treaty, which was an-
Ewered by General Varona, who toasted
President Roosevelt and the United
States army with great cordiality.
The people of Panama are happy over
the official recognition of the flag and
the event is being celebrated enthusi
astically. During the ceremonies to
day large crowds surrounded the pal
ace of the Governor.
.lic of Panama and saluted it
with twenty-one guns. The Tres No
viembre, a -gunboat of Panama, dis
played the America flag, answering
the salute. The shore batteries a}so"
fired a salute of twenty-one guns,
which the Marblehead answered.
At 10 o'clock Rear Admiral Glass,
Consul Gudger and Commander Phelps,
accompanied by Lieutenants Philip An
drews and Trellinwinder, officially
called upon the Junta. A military band
played "The Star-Spangled Banner" on
the Americans' arrival at' the palace
and on their departure from that build
ing. They were received by the mem
bers of the Junta, the Cabinet Minis
ters and Generals Huertas, Jeffries,
Diaz and Varon and their staffs. Ad
miral Glass said he was glad to official
ly call upon the Government of Pan
ama. It had been a great pleasure for
him to salute this morning the flag of
the new republic, for whose prosperity
and greatness he made the best wishes.
PANAMA, Nov. 17.— At '8:30
o'clock this morn-ing the United
States flagship Marblehead
hoisted the flag of the Repub-
Warring Factions Too
Late in Attempt at
Compromise.
Prince of Wales Meets Them
at Pier and Escorts Them
to Windsor.
Advocates Government
Aid for Our Merchant
Marine.
though It was understood they were
not in any way to be considered such.
Panama soldiers guarded the dock en
tranced « Soon after the Commissioners
embarked .the Trente nailed. . :
Eleven irreconcilables of the common
class were arrested on the streets of
Colon to-day\and shipped on the steam
er Trente to, Cartagena' without being
given ; time to go home for their cloth
ing or to say farewell to their families.
The steamer "Segurancia is the first
ship to leave the harbor of Colon with
the flag of the new republic at its head.
Commander Delano of the United
States steamship ' Dixie" sailed for New
York on the . Segurancia. The cruiser
Atlanta has returned to Colon.
$13,372 deerskins and 56908 coffee. :The
Consul at - Panama says that the .Im
ported articles 'come mostly from Eng
land, Germany, France, -Italy and the
United ' States, . but gives no statistics
of the imports. - . - » ¦.--¦'.
Panama is connected with San Fran
cisco, by a weekly steamer schedule,
operated by the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company, and with Valparaiso by a
weekly steamer schedule operated by
the Pacific Steam Navigation. Com
pany and South American" Steamship
Company. Tw6 passenger \ and two
freight trains leave Panama dally for
Colon and Colon ' daily for Panama.
The time for passenger trains over the
forty-seven miles of railway is three
hours.
From Panama there is one cable line
north to • American ports and one to
the south. The actual time consumed
in communicating with . the- United
States and receiving ah answer is
stated by. the Consul to "be usually
about four hours. There also are cable
lines from Colon to the United States
and Europe.'
The money of the country is silver,
the rate of exchange having averaged
during the past year about 150 per cent.
Finds That He Killed
Young McDonald in
Self-Defense.
King and Queen of Italy
Land on the Shores
of Britain.
Colombian Envoys Sent to Win Back the Isthmian Se*
ceders Threaten War When Their Pro
posalsi/lreRejected.
NEW FACTOR
IN SHIPYARD
TRUST CASE
CORONER'S JURY
ACQUITS FURLONG
BUMS OF FLEET
BOOM WELCOME
AMERICAN WARSHIP SALUTES
FLAG OF PANAMA REPUBLIC
SHAW TELLS
OF NEED OF
MORE SHIPS
THE SAN FEAKCISCO 'GALL, -WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18. 1903.
Canal Company, it is said, has changed since the original under
takingartahged by Attorney. General Knox as the result of his visit
to Paris. Then he secured an undertaking from the canal corii
pany to sell its property to the United States for $40^000,000, the
option to expire March 4, 1903. This option expired without at
tracting much attention, but the State Department ¦ meanwhile
quietly had obtained a new agreement, which is, in fact, in the
eyes of the law, a complete contract, .by- the terms of which the
canal company agreed to sell its property to the United States for
the figure named upon the conclusion of the. canal treaty. The
State Department holds tliis agreement is alive.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5 and 6.
2
Jff% Those suffering from weak-
w* 0 nesses which sap the pleasures
_¦"_¦ of life should take Juven Pills.
i6i One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine, has more
rejuvenating, vitalizine fore* than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and $L
Made by its orieinators C. I. Hood Co., pro-
prietori Hood's SarsaDarilla. LoweiL Mass.
W. X. HESS.
. Votary Public and Att.orney-at-I.aw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Clau« Epreckela bid*.
Telephone Main 083.
licsider.ee. 821 Caliron.ia Ft.. , below Powell.
. IUs'-dcr.ce Telephone James 1501.
J^% I BE I £^ Arr.munltirn. Hunting
Q "I iwi fc. Sporting Ooods. Ijirjjeit
|b| 8 |t! Ftock. 1/mvK prices. Send
%fi \Jf I J*Jr SHREVE& HARBER CO..
.739 Market St. and 311
Kearcjr et.
Economy
Is a strong point* with
Hood's Sarsaparilla. A
bottle lasts longer and does
more good than any other.
It is the only medicine of
which can truly be said
100 DOSES ONE DOLLAR
PNo home is complete without a piano. The
paramount question is: WHAT SORT OF
PIANO TO BUY.
If you know pianos there Is no question as
to your choice of a good one. But it you are
, unaware of the points that enter into good
piano construction, you may be enticed by
"cheap" prices or some clap- trap scheme into
.buying an instrument that in a few years you
could not even use as a third-rste ice che^st.
\ A good piano will last you a lifetime and re- >
tain its high qualities. A "cheap" piano is a
delusion and a snare — for yo-ir money.
We guarantee every piaro we sell.
Buy a piano here and you will get one
worthy in every way of a place in your home.
As to the terms— we'll satisfy you on that
Vl/ JlKddrll a ilrtsrFk BrfV
/ ¦ Wiley B. Alien Bunding-, ;
931-933 Market Street, San Francisco. ,
i '•* Other stores— Oakland, Sacramento, San Jos? 4 Fresno
Any hor.^ft r*r?nn who euffers from '¦ Kneu-
mstiFTn !s welcome to this offer. For years I
f^arehed everywhere to flrd a Fjwific for Rheu-
mit'fm. For nearly 20 years I worked to thle
«kL At laet. in Germany, my Fearch was re-
warded. I found a cortly chemical that did not
«*.l*arp°int me as ether Itheumatlc prescriptions
had disappointed physicians everywhere.
I do not mean that Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic
Cure can turn bony Joints into flesh again. That
is impossible. But It will drive' ¦from the blood
the poison that cause* pain aod -sw«lUbg.' and
then that is the end'of; Bferirtwatlgroi" -I; know
th!s so well that i^Trtyfarrrt^rffll-.a-f tit! -month
rr.y Rheumatlc'^nrp. fijt trui,- ixsx£k>i':XVr6 all
cases within a rr.<j;:th." It -.vcuM ; Vm ui.rcapon-
eble to expect that, Bul'oioSt'caaes"~wJJl yield
within 30 days'. ' This trial "-treatment will con-'
vince you that -JJr.* £honp*« ,|Iheuinatrc Cure is
a power ;xi!r.s: J RheumattMp — a pptenj . force
apa'.nst dlseafis that is irresistible. ¦„'• •.,-• '¦
My cfTer is made to'convtnee you «f nryfalth.
Ny faith is hut the outcome- of experience — of.
actual knowledge. I lenvw. what^ U can jlo. And
I know this fio well tttat^- j^witfjrorttljsh; ay rem-
««dy on trial. Simply wrtte'rae a^jsstaf'fpr my
bpok en Rheumatism. I win tlj^Jf^-range with'
a'drusjrist in your vicinity to tJU3.*J-cu* can se-
rore six bottles of Dr. Fhoop's Rheumatic Cure
t» make thp te?t. You make take- it a foil month
Ml I rial. If it furcerds the cost {©'you is J5 50.
If it fails the Ic*r 1« mine and'mine alone. It
*dll be left ertirely to you. I mean that ex-
actly. If you say the trial Is. not satisfactory I
don't expect a penny from you.
I have no eamples. Any, mere sample that
can affect chronic Rh«>umatiem must be drugged
to the verge of danger. I use no nich drugs.
f»r it is dangerous to take them. Tcu must get
the disease out of the blood. My remedy does
thct e\«-n in the most difficult, obstinate cases.
It has cured the oldest cases that I ever met,
and in all of my experience, in all of my 2000
t$si*. I never found another remedy that would
cure cne chronic case in ten.
• Write me and I will send you the book. Try
rny remedy for a month, for it can't barm you
anyway. If it fails the loss Is mine.
'Address Dr. Snoop. Box 630. Racine, Wls.
• MilJ cases not chronic are often cured by one
or two bottlrg. At all druggist*.
Costs Nothing if It fails.
Rheumatic Cure
DB. EEOOP'S REMEDIES.
Dr. Shoop's
ADVERTISEMENTS.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great,
HUSEUH OF AHATOMY
i OS m miner. tat. 6:i*7fc,3.r.cii.,
tj The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the
-,-j%>. World. Weaknesses at enjr contracted ,
SK«3V «l»e«*e»»««»l»»l>e»r««t>»-theoldett
£C#£4 CR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN ,
» Conciliation free and strirtljr pririte.
I fjiCEtt Treatment pertonalljr n fcy letter. A
E y >Jl H fonto* Cttrt in erery cue undertaken.
P IT 11 & Write for Bock. ralII.O«UI>nY of
• U fl T* BtKBUCE, MAILED FKJML. (A
Qi fJL valuable book (or mm) j
DU JOBDiS A CO.. 1051 M*rfc»t St..S. P. <
ADVERTISEMENTS.WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— John W.
Foster, who was agent of the United
States before the Alaskan boundary
commission, has filed his report with
the State Department. This act ter
minates Foster's connection w^h the
case. The report proper Is a succinct
statement of the issues presented to
the commission and the disposition of
them. Including a copy of the findings
and the map showing the points lo
cated as the boundary line.
Agent Foster Files Hia Report.
Two weeks ago Brockwell's condition
became bo serious that his relatives
became alarmed and asked Dr. Zan to
fee him. Dr. Zan to-day said that he
called at the hefuse of Brockwell and
was refused admission by Brockwell's
wife, a believer in "Dowleism." Dr.
Zan insisted and as an officer of the
law pecured admission. He found
Brockwell seriously ill rrom aggravated
biliousness, that could have been easily
cured by proper medicine.
Six years agro Brockwell was con
verted to Dowie'6 belief and though a
(storekeeper at the- time and a large
salesman of tobacco, he burned hla
stock, countermanded his orders from
the wholesale house for the weed, quit
using it himself and began to send to
Dowie at Chicago regular sums of
money for the advancement of the
work. His fanaticism resulted in im
poverishing his family to such an ex
tent that his wife and three children
are now practically destitute.
PORTLAND, Nov. 17.— Clinging to
his faith in Dowie aa Elijah H. A. Q.
Brockwell, a traveling salesman, died
yesterday after three weeks or more
of serious illness. During that time no
medicine would he taste, no doctor
would he permit to enter his house,
except under the authority of the law,
acd only the prayers of Zionists, who
gathered about his bed nightlyj were
opposed between him and d*ath. Dr.
Zan. the Health Officer, to-day canceled
the death certificate he issued and the
case will be investigated by Coroner
Finley.
£;~zl*l XX3?&tcb to Tike Call.
It was learned from papers among
the effects of the deceased that he was
a- landscape gardener. He had been at
Burlingame within the year. A small
sum of money, a watch and other per
sonal effects gave no clew to his iden
tity, but the name Henri Meier, written
on the flyleaf of a memorandum book,
is believed to be his.
SANTA CLARA, Nov. 17.— Lying
with hands crossed on his • breast a
stranger, apparently 50 years of age,
whose name Is supposed to be Henri
Meier, was found dead in his bed at a
lofljring-house here owned by Martin
Dergans this evening.
The man came to Dergans' saloon at
11 o'clock last night and asked for
lodgings. He was told that all rooms
were taken but a small one at the back
of the premises. This he accepted, re
tiring about 11:30 o'clock and locking
himself in. He did not appear this
morning and at 6 o'clock this evening
Dergacs, with assistance, forced the
door and found Meier lying dead on
the bed. There is no evidence of poison
or violence done himself and the con
clusion of Ofllcer D. A. Toomey is that
heart disease was the caus« of death.
Coroner Kell was sent for, but had been
called to Madrone.
EpecUl IXaratch to The Call.
Supposed Landscape Garden
er's End Oomoe Unex- .
peotedly.
Health Officar Proposes to
Make an Investi
gation.
Disciple of the Zionist
Liases Life in
Portland
Stranger in Santa Olara
Basses Away at
Night,
HOTEL MAN FINDS
THE GUEST DEAD
FAITH IN DOME
FAILS TO CURE
One Hundred and Fifty Guests Witness the Brilliant
Ceremony, Which Is Performed at High Noon at the
California-Street Residence of the Bride's Parents
HENRY W. POETT MARRIES
MISS GENEVIEVE CAROLAN
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE WHO WERE JOINED IN WEDLOCK YES
TERDAY. THE CEREMONY BEING PERFORMED BY BISHOP NICH
OLS AT THE HOME OF THE BRIDE'S PARENTS.
If Is . of little moment if husband* do
not 'understand their wives, \ but* it seems
to be a matter of profound chagrin if my
lady falls to comprehend "tha vagaries of
her spouse. •>¦
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— Armed with
revolvers \ and . clubs, a vigilance com
mittee composed of J men ' and women
Is patrolling some of the streets of Ba
yonne, N. J., in the hope of capturing
¦a man known as the "kisser." .The
operations of the latter have terrorized
the female contingent of the New Jer
sey suburb so greatly that, they fear
to go Into the streets unprotected after
nightfall. Those who have fallen Into
his clutches have not been harmed, but
they object strenuously to being sud
denly embraced and kissed against
their wishes. When the husbands
learned of the attacks they determined
to run down the miscreant, some even
going so far as to disguise themselves
in women's clothing,. but the search so
far has been fruitless. ;
Citizens of New Jersey Town Are
. Making a Determined Effort to
Capture the "Kisser."
VIGILANCE COMMITTEE
IS PATROLLING BAYONNE
CINCINNATI, O., Nov. 17.— When the
Miller and Johns trial was resumed to
day Joseph T. Watson occupied the
witness stand. Watson is secretary to
Fourth Assistant^ Postmaster General
Bristow and was concealed behind
Bristow's ¦ high roller- top desk at the
time Miller was first confronted with
the charges regarding the rulings for
John J. Ryan & Co., turf commission
ers, to continue the use of the N mails.
Watson read his stenographic notes of
the questions propounded at that time
by General Robb and Chief Inspector
Cochran and the replies of Miller, the
latter not 'Knowing at the time that he
was -being fully reported.
The principal witness of the day
was George A. Christiancy of Michi
gan, who was first assistant attorney
in the Postofflce Department under
Tyner when Miller was the second as
sistant attorney. Christiancy after
testifying to all of the hearings and
rulings in the Ryan case described the
circumstances' under which he had
finally dismissed that case.
Adjourned -until to-morrow.
Former First Assistant Attorney in
the Postofflce Department Gives
Important Testimony.
MILLER AND JOHNS TRIAL
RESUMED IN CINCINNATI
From Los Angeles— Miss Johnson and
Mrs. P. M. Johnson, at the St. Denis-
C. Munroand wife, at the Manhattan'
and R. M. Walker, at the St. Denis. . '
..From Sacramento — O K. McClatcHy
at the Wellington; R. M. E,berle, at the
Westminster: J. T. Grayson Jr. and
wife, at the Imperial; G. J. McChesney
and W. G. "Moore, at the Criterion, and
E. Saunders, at the Herald Square.
S From San Francisco— W. J. Gorham,
W. K. Mcllvaine. H. B. Richardson and
F. Sargent, at the Astor; Mrs. W. J.
Somers, at the Manhattan, and E e'
Lewis, at the Holland.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York:
Calif ornians in New York.
John Hays Hammond, consulting enJ
gineer for the Guggenheim Exploration
Company, and J. W. Brock, president
of the Montana Mining Company, ar
rived from Denver yesterday and after
a short, stay in the city proceeded to
Oroville. where they are to examine the
Evans dredging property.
VI. D. Wood, a mining man of Salt
Lake, and Jake Bamberger of the same
city, who is largely interested in the
Daly-West and the Daly-Judge mines
of Utah, are at the Palace. They have
come to California to look over several
mining properties.
M. J. Heney, a contractor of Seattle,
who is interested in the construction of
a new railroad in Alaska, is registered
at the Palace. . -
2ERS0NAI, MENTION.
J. A. Louttlt Jr. of Stockton is regis
tered at the Lick.
C. A. Storke. ex-Mayor of Santa Bar
bara, is at the Grand.
Edgar M. Sheehan of the Sacramento
Union is at the Palace.
F. A. Hihn, the well known capitalist
of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Flint of San Juan reg
istered at the- Palace yesterday.
J. P. Davenport, a member of the
City Council of Ix>s Angeles, is at the
Grand.
Banker B. U.Stelnman of Sacramen
to, who has been traveling abroad for
several months, has returned and Is at
the Palace.
The rummaee sale . for the benefit of
the^San Francisco Nursery for Holfce
less Children has closed with satisfac
tion to the board of lady managers,
Mrs. James G . Boobar will give a
large tea to-morrow afternoon at her
residence, 763 Cole street. In honor of
her daughter, Mrs. Marley F. Hay. who
leaves on Sunday for New York, where
she will reside for an indefinite period.
Mrs. Hay will be greatly missed by a
large circle of friends. She is a charm
ing woman and one of California's fair
est daughters. She is the granddaugh
ter of Captain James Boobar, one of
the founders of this State and who
was in the early days a*great power in
the community.
mA Francis J. Carolan, Mr. and Mrs.
Timlow. Dr. Herbert Carolan, Mr. and
Mrs Edward McCutchen, Captain and
Mrs. Collier, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph B.
Crockett. Mr. and Mrs. Mountford Wil
son, Mr. and Mrs. Walter Martin, Mr.
and Mrs. Eugene Murphy, Mr. and Mrs.
Dan Murphy, Mr., and- Mrs. Laurance
Scott. Mr. and Mrs. Will Taylor, Mr. and
Mrs. Gus Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Seward
McNear. Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Schmiedell,
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Lilley. Mr. and Mrs.
Albert Dlbblee, Mr. and Mrs. George
Pope, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Donahoe.Mr.
and Mrs. Gordon Blandlng, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Coleman, Mr. and Mrs. Perry
Eyre, Mr. and Mrs. Edward L. Eyre, Mr.
and Mrs. Warren Clark. Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Moody, Mr. and Mrs. Chesebrough,
Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Irwin, Mr. and Mrs.
Edward Dimond, ,Mr. and Mrs. Shepard
Eells. Dr. and Mrs. Harry Sherman, Mrs.
Kittle, Mrs. Russell Wilson, Mrs. Elea
nor Martin. Miss Suzanne Blanding, Miss
Gertrude Eells, Miss Christine Pomeroy,
Miss Marie Louise Parrott, Mies Dorothy
Collier. Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Edith
Chesebrough. Miss Helen Chesebrough,
Miss Elizabeth McNear, . « Allen Kittle,
Ben Dlbblee and Knox Maddox. ;-!••;
Among those present were
Miss Emily Carolan, Mrs. Laurence
Irving Scott, Miss Poett. Miss Sara Col
lier Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss Schus
sler Miss Isabel Kittle, William D.
Pace Fred Poett. Gerald Rathbone. Har
ry Stetson. Harry Simpkins, Arthur Red
ington and Edgar Carolan.
The drawing-room, in which the mar
riage took place, was elaborately deco
rated with pink roses, carnations and
palms. The halls were rln red with a
profusion of madrone berries. Yellow
chrysanthemums predominated in the
reception room and while chrysanthe
mums in the library. Pink and white
were the effects in the dining-room,
where Bridesmaid roses and tulle were
arranged with foliage.
The bridal procession was led by little
Miss Emily Timlpw, the bride's niece,
and Joe Howard,' the latter gowned in
white and carrying a basket of pink
roses. Next came Miss Emily Carolan,
maid of honor, wearing a gown of
white escurial lace over chiffon and
silk. She carried pink carnations. Then
came the bride on the arm of her
father. Her gown was an elaborate
creation of chiffon satin and point ap
plique lace. The bridal bouquet was a
shower of lilies of the valley. Mrs.
Carolan, mother of the bride, was be
comingly gowned in gray panne satin
with Chantilly lace. The groom was at
tended by William D. Page.
A wedding breakfast followed the
ceremony and congratulations, after
which Mr! and Mrs. Poett left for a
two weeks' wedding trip. Upon their
return they will reside in this city.
Those seated at the bride's table
were:
William Poett were married
yestffday at high noon. The home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. James
Carolan, on California street, was the
scene of this pretty homfe wedding, to
which 150 guests were invited. Bishop
Xichols officiated with the assistance of
Rev. Burr M. Weeden.
STANDING beneath a wedding
rinjc of pink roses and In a bow
er ot roses and palms, Miss
Ga?ievleve Carolan ;tnd Henry
Mrs. W. A. Mears of Portland, Or.,
is at the Grand Hotel. She is well
known throughout the whole Northwest
not only In society circles but also in
the church world, as she has always
been a prtme mover in the highest
branches of the Episcopal church.
Dr. and Mrs.. William Watt Kerr will
give a dinner to-night at their beauti
ful home, 1200 Van Ness avenue, in hon
or of Mr. and Mrs. Marley F. Hay.
Those Invited to meet the guests of
honor are: r
Dr. and Mrs. Howard Morrow. Dr. and
Mrs. George Ebright, Mr. and Mrs. An
drew Kerr. Mr. and Mrs. William Alli
son. Mr. and Mrs. William Watt, Dr.
John N. Force and Miss Daisy Sincole.
which out forth much time and ef
fort to provide more funds for the care
of the little tot»r The managers at
tribute the success of the sale to the
enthusiasm and helpfulness of their
friends and feel deeply grateful there
for.
A man in Harlem asked for a divorce
because his wife had seventeen cats. Just
think! Seventeen cats in a Harlem flat,
singing. "I love you in the same old way."
If the Judge hadn't a "fellow feeling" he
was a mean old thing.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 17.— Agitation
is in progress In the First Methodist
Church of Tacoma to require women to
remove their hats during worship. The
movement was started by Dr. Daniel L.
Rader, pastor of the church, who in
sists that he cannot preach to the best
advantage when he doesj not see the
eyes of his parishioners. Modern head
gear, with its overhanging effects, does
not permit the pastor to see the faces
or at least the eyes of members of his
congregation. He feels that he is not
obtaining their full Interest and sympa
thy. The men of the congregation ap
prove the stand taken by the pastor,
while strenuous objections are being
raised by members of the gentler sex
and particularly by the young women
who wear new hats which they are not
averse to displaying.
For several months Pastor Rader has
been making a quiet but determined ef
fort to have all female church-goers
doff their bonnets. The point is also
made that if they can remove themln
theaters as required by a city ofai
nance they can also do so in church
while worshiping. The agitation is
rapidly approaching a point where a
flat decision one way or the other must
be made. Possibly a vote of the con
gregation will be taken.
Fair Members of a Tacoma Congre
gation Object to a Clergy
• ' , man's Idea.
PASTOR WOULD HAVE
BONNETS OFF IN CHURCH
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 17.— Joseph B.
Dealing. United States District Attor
ney, has received instructions from
Washington to take an appeal to the
United States Supreme Court from the
decision of Circuit Judge Baker In up
holding the habeas corpus proceedings
brought by James Lynchehaun to ob
tain his release from arrest on the
warrant Issued by the Commissioner
for the Southern District of New York.
Lynchehaun Case to Be Appealed.
WASCO, Or., Nov. 17.— The people of
this town are congratulating them
selves' that the conflagration that vis
ited them this morning luckily was
overcome before the whole place was
reduced to ashes. As matters stand
$134,000 worth of property waa de
stroyed and had not the high wind
providentially died out the loss would
have reached to five times that amount.
Fire started In the Oregon Trading
Company's big store about 12:30
o'clock this morning and soon became
unmanageable. The Oregon Trading
Company's store is a total loss, as well
as the opera-house and the Venable
residence. The Oregon Trading Com
pany was the largest general merchan
dise house in Sherman County. George
Crosfleld of the company was severely
burned .in an attempt to save some
valuable papers. At present the ex
tent of his injuries cannot be ascer
tained, but it is thought that they are
not of a fatal nature.
FIEBCE FIBE VISITS
A TOWN IN OREGON
Wasco Suffers Severely From a Buin
ing Blaza and One Han
Is Injured.
Superintendent H. M. Yerington of
the Virginia and Truckee Railroad Is
a guest at the Palace Hotel, and when
seen last night said:
"My advices from the scene of the
fire have been meager, but from what
I have been able to learn the fire has
about ruirved the tunnel. It is an old
one and demanded the greatest care
to prevent its timbers from becoming
Ignited by sparks from engines. For
that reason we had it lined with sheet
iron. Recently we discovered that the
Iron was becoming affected by contact
with the steam from the engines and
workmen were sent out to overhaul the
Interior. This work was in progress
when the fire was discovered.
"It is a bad time of the year to un
dertake reconstruction work and as yet
I am undecided whether to rebuild the
tunnel or make an open cut in its place.
The work will probably cost about
$40,000, but regardless of the cost we
will start It at once. Meanwhile traffic
over the road will not be interfered
with, for we purpose to run trains up
to the tunnel and carry freight around
the obstruction to the terminus of the
road. Passengers will also be cared for
In a similar manner."
The California and Oregon Coast
Railroad will be 191 miles In length
and will practically follow the line of
the Grants Pass-Crescent City stage
road for a distance of forty-five or fifty
miles south of Grants Pass. The road
will touch at Wilderville. Selma. Kerby.
"Waldo, Crescent City and other points
now reached by the stage road. The
road will also pass within five miles
of the copper mines of the Waldo.
Smelting and Mining Company of San
Francisco, and a branch line will lead
directly to the mines from Waldo to
TakiJma. Colonel Draper states that
hl3 company will build a smelter at
these mines next spring.
. \a has been previously stated in The
Call, the survey for the proposed road
has been completed and the grade
stakes have been set over a large part
of the route. Right of way has also
been secured for a greater part of the
line. Grounds for sidings and stations
have been* granted, and the company
Is ready to begin the actual construc
tion of the road with the arrival of the
spring months.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Nov. 17.— Never
were the prospects of. a railroad from
Grants Pass southward through South
ern Oregon and Del Norte County, Cal
ifornia, connecting with a line being
built north to Eureka, as bright as at
the present time. Colonel Draper, chief
engineer of the recently organized Cali
fornia and Oregon Coast Railroad, of
San Francisco is here and has given
out that there will be plenty doing In
new railroad building from now on.
The new company includes some of the
most influential men of New York,
Milwaukee and San Francisco.
The purpose of the California and
Oregon Coast Railroad is to build a
line from Grants Pass to Eureka. The
new company absorbs the old Oregon
and Pacific and is more extensive in its
scope than the former company, as it
was the original intention to build a
line only from Grants Pass to Crescent
City, while the new road will extend on
south, connecting with the northern
built line to Eureka or some point on
Humboldt Bay.
Special IMapatch to The Call,
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 17.— A most
dramatic scene occurred this afternoon
in the courtroom during the Hulse trial
when Mrs. Rebecca Tlbbet, the aged
mother of "William E. Tlbbet, the offi
cer who Is said to have been killed by
Hulse, took the witness stand,
Mrs. Tibbet is about 75 years old, but,
although feeble, her voice was firm and
calm and was heard in all parts of the
courtroom as she recited the sad scenes
at the side of her dying son.
"When I came to him," said Mrs. Tlb
bet. "he looked at me and said,
'Mother.' I said to him, 'Do you know
me, Will?' He said, 'Yes. mother. I
am suffering terribly. I can't bear It/
I said to him, 'Will, you must bear It;
put your trust In God. You have been
a dutiful son. How is it with your soul?*
He said to me, 'It is well with my soul,
mother. I'm dying.' "
During this recital there was a death
like silence in the crowded courtroom.
One could have heard a pin drop, so
Intense was the stillness.
Richard Smith, Edward Tlbbet.
brother of the murdered officer, and J.
B. Hunt testified to hearing the abov^
conversation and also the statement
of Tibbet that Hulse had shot him.
Miss Calla Wlthington, Mrs. George
Lemay and Mrs. Charles O. Daniel who
reside on K street, about one Nock
from the scene of the tragedy, testified
to hearing the shots fired and seeing a
tall man wearing dark clothes and a
white felt hat standing Just across the
street from the Josshouse. where Peter
Began yesterday testified that Hulse
stopped for a minute or two In his
flight.
Special Dtspatch to Th« Call.
The ground Is of soft formation and
soon caved In, destroying the tunnel
at both ends. The entrances of the
tunnel are now blocked and the fire
will probably rage within for several
days. The loss Is estimated at about
$40,000. arid it will be probably several
weeks before the trains will asain be
running between this "city and Reno.
One of the Virginia and Truckee trains
is stalled at this end of the line.
It is not known here whether the
company will reconstruct the tunnel or
make a cut through the ground. This
wlll.be determined as soon as the engi
neers have gone over the ground and
Superintendent Yerington returns from
San Francisco.
VIRGINIA Cn*, Nev., Nov. 17.—
This city is temporarily isolated from
the balance of the world, bo far aa
railroad travel is concerned. Shortly
after 4 o'clock this morning a fire was
discovered In the Homestead tunnel on
the Virginia and Truckee road in Gold
Hill and, although an alarm was given
and quick response made by the fire
men, it was- Impossible to flght, the, fire
owing to the fact that the flames and
the smoke barred the way to the In
terior.
Special Dispatch to Tba Call.
Witnesses Declare That Tib
bet Named Man Who
Shot Him.
Loss Estimated at $40,000
and Trains Cannot Reach
Virginia.
New Road to Connect With
a Line Running Into
Eureka.
Prom Grants Pass South
ward Construction
Work Is Assured.
Disastrous Blaze in a
Railroad Tunnel at
Pathetic Recital at Ithe
Trial of Hulse in
Bakersfleld.
FIRE ISOLATES
A NEVADA CITY
MOTHER TELLS
HOW SON DIED
COMPANY PLANS
LAYING OF RAILS
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
Borne crank writes: "A good laugh Is
something better than a hearty meal."
The poor cuss who Is starving ought to
be tickled to death over this joke.
Leaves Prison After Eleven Years
SAN QUENTIX. Nov. 17.— Charles
Hawes, -who was sentenced to serve a
term of fifty years* imprisonment In the
penitentiary here, was released to-day.
He had served eleven years. His term
had Been shortened by a former Gov
ernor and with credits he served what
remained of It. The crime for which
he was Imprisoned was murder in Mon
terey County.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS. (
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
THA2TKSCWVINQ OP THE '
PLUMBER AND
THE BTTRQLAB.
BY OCTAVE THANET. «
Strangest Story You EverHeard
.' - of in the -
A Word to
Good Clothes Wearers
C Cold weather has set in—you
need your winter weight clothing
now. See our exclusive patterns,
tailored by the best makers of
v ready-to-wear clothes : : :
€L It is difficult briefly to cata-
logue the merits of clothes that
are thoroughly good. They are
GOOD clothes — that is enough ••
C You can't know how , much
satisfaction awaits yo\i in a
"Roos-made" suit or overcoat
until you "try on" your correct
ci7p • • • • .
C "Roos-made" clothes are equal
in every respect to the best tailor-
made garments in material, cut,
fit and style, while they cost one-
third to one-half less : : :
Q "Roos-made" means that the garments so designated were made
to our order b/ the best makers in New York and Chicago, from fabrics
specially sd*cted tor our store. : : : : : : : .
KEARNY AT POST
back your money.
High=Grade Tailoring
Any man, whether young or old, working on a
salary should exercise care in buying his clothes.
He should dress neatly, but at the same time avoid
paying fancy prices.
Exclusive tailors certainly charge exorbitant
prices for Tuxedo and Full Dress Suits. Their profit
•¦ is enormous, and wh'.le the garments are first class
they cost alrrjost twice what you need to pay.
If you want a fine Tuxedo or Full Dress place an
order here. We will make you a suit at $45 which
will give you perfect satisfaction, and we'll guaran-
tee to save you at least $20.
If you are not pleased you can have your money
back. If you are satisfied and keep the garments the
twenty dollars is well worth saving.
CoZ,^ SftWOODo; CO '-»
tS? 740 Market Street 'TS
!. I and Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts* 1 | i ¦Cable Line Tied Up.
Owing to a break in the cable all the
cars of the Market-street system were
tied up from 6:30 o'clock till midnight
last night. The cars of the other lines
were taxed to their utmost capacity
throughout the night
REDDING, Nov. 17.— Francis Moore,
a pupil in the West Redding school, to
day swallowed a piece of a lead pencil
that was almost four inches in length.
Much excitement and alarm was cre
ated: for a time. A physician was
called, and up to a late hour had not
succeeded in getting the pencil. The
boy suffers intense pain. The pencil
had a heavy tin tip and an eraser on
one end. .
West Redding Pupil in a Serious
Condition Because of an
Accident.
SCHOOLBOY SWALLOWS
PIECE OF LEAD PENCIL
LONDON, Nov. 18.— The Constantino
ple correspondent of the Express says
that the Sultan of Turkey has accepted
the Austro-Russlan plan of reform in
Macedonia. . . '
The news given by the correspondent
is not confirmed in other quarters, al
though it is known that the other pow
ers, including Germany, have been
"pressing the Sultan to accept the
scheme. .
Sultan of Turkey Decides to Ap
ply It at the~ Solicitation of
the European Powers.
ATJSTRO-RUSSIAN PLAN
OF REFORM IS ACCEPTED
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 17.— A cold
wave swept over Missouri. Kansas, Ok
lahoma, Central Illinois, Iowa and Ne
braska last night, and to-day several
points in Nebraska and Western Iowa
report zero weather. The average tem
perature at other points is 17 degrees
above zero. Snow is reported in West*
ern Kansas.
Middle West's Cold Wave.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— Deeds to a
sixty-foot right of way through the
Valley Road tract In Berkeley were
filed for record to-day by the Oakland
and East Side Railway Company. The
consideration named was nominal. The
land was bought from James F. and
Emma Peck,- Francis and Lizzie M.
Ferrler, Thomas N. and Emily Bad
ger and Charles C. and Florence Boyn
ton.
Buys Right. of Way.
SEATTLE, Nov. 17.— Bound hand
and foot, Joseph .Moore, an Alaskan
prospector at Cape Karluk, was placed
in a boat by Indians and set adrift, and
as the craft floated out to sea' the
would-be murderers fired a number of
shots at it.
Meager particulars of the diabolical
deed Were received to-night from pas
sengers of the Copper River steamboat
Santa Ana. The shots went wild, but
they served to attract the attention of
some men in a steam launch, who
picked up the 1 boat.
Alaskan Prospector Bound by Sav
ages and Nearly Killed by
Bullets. "
INDIANS FIRE AT MAN
ADRIFT IN A CANOE
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— Remarkable
fatality has attended the family of Peter
Hickey of Brooklyn during the past
•week, five members having died from
typhoid In that time. Of six persons in
the household, only one^ — a little daugh
ter remains. She Is ill and probably
will die. A priest who attended the
family also contracted the disease and
died.
Remarkable Fatality Pursuss Family.
¦ Furey and Kinny were first taken to
the Receiving Hospital and later to the
JaiL The railroad yards were^ sur
rounded by the police and when the
day dawned nine hobos were taken in
the dragnet. Furey. however, was un
able to identify his assailant among
them.
Furey Bays he Is unable to account
for the shooting. According to his
statement he, with a friend, Alex
ander Kinny, was coming to
San Francisco to get work. Just
as they were about to alight at the
end of their Journey a man sitting on
the bumpers ordered them to throw up
their bands and at the same time began
firing. In the darkness their assailant
got away.
An unexplained shooting that caused
the rounding up by the police of a
baker's dozen i of tramps at the rail
road yards at daybreak this morning
took place shortly after midnight last
night near the Sixteenth-street depot.
A young boiler-maker, giving his name
as John Furey, and who had beaten
his way up from Los Angeles on the
brakebeams of a freight train, was shot
at from close range as he left the train
at the depot. One bullet took effect in
his right arm and a second missed him,
the bullet imbedding Itself in the car
close to him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 17.
The first freight shipment on the
Santa Fe road from Berkeley was
made to-day at ¦ the point where the
new local station is about to be built.
University avenue and West street. It
consisted of several carloads of grad
ing machinery belonging to the E. B.
& A. L. Stone Company. >;,'., v:
In order to still further meet the
competition of the new ferry system
the Southern Pacific Company put two
additional fast trains on Its local ser
vice this morning. No notice was
given of the intended change and pas
sengers stood about the station .won
dering what had happened. This
makes four extra fast trains that the
company has put on within a week in
; an attempt to meet the cut in time to
and from the city by the new system.
The first train left Berkeley station
at 7:05 o'clock, ten minutes later than
it had been doing under the old sched
ule. The second train left at 8:05
o'clock, ten minutes later than usual.
Both trains stopped at Dwight way,
Ashby and Lorin stations and, then
made a quick run to the mole without
making any more stops, connecting
with the regular boat. The change is
a welcome one to commuters.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 17.
Her Decision to Reside at Ventnor
Due to an Understanding
With Her Husband.
VIENNA, Nov. 17. — In reference to
the decision of ex-Crown Princess
Louise of Saxony to reside at Ventnor,
England, reports from Dresden
indicate that it is the outcome of a
partial reconciliation with the Crown
Prince. Princess Louise complained to
her husband that she was not allowed
to receive visitors and that she was
permitted, to go out only, at certain
hours. Her life, she declared, was ren
dered miserable by this treatment.
PRINCESS LOUISE EFFECTS
PARTIAL RECONCILIATION
Catherine Buick (owner) with Felix Mareune :
(contractor), architect All work except
plumbing and sraa fitting for a 2-story frame
building (two flats) on lot on S line of Lake
Btreet. 30 E of Fourth avenue. E 30 by S
100; $4500.
Henry A. Meyer (owner) with 8. B. Kress
(contractor), architect Theo. W. Lenzen — All
work except plumbing. ua» fitting and sewer-
Ing, etc.. for a 3-story frame building (stores
and. flats) on lot on NW corner of Stelner and
Waller streets, 50 on 8telner and 100:3 on
Waller; $13,850. .
Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing, gas fit
ting and sewering for same on same; $2155. i
Johanna Blalch (owner) with Hans Peter
sen (contractor), architect E. W. Hyde— All
work for a 3-story and basement frame build
ing on lot on SE corner of Larkln and Wash
ington, streets, S 68:9 bj?E 100: $24,000.
Germauia National Bank (owners) with' L.
and E. Emunuol (corporation) (contractors),
architects Meyer &. O'Brien — Bank fixtures,
etc.. In store at 05 New Montgomery | street,
Crossley building, on NE corner of New Mont
gomery and Mission streets, 160xlS8; $3075.
Builders' Contracts.
BERLIN, Nov. 17. — The Electrical
Study Company Is experimenting on
Marionfeld-Zesson Railroad line in
hauling standard cars with high speed
motors. A speed of ninety-nine and a
half miles per hour has been reached
without damage to the rolling stock,
motor car or track.
line of Nineteenth avenue, 250 N of I street, N
23 by E 120; $10.
Fairmount Loan Association to George and
Catherine Flatley. lot on S line of Lobos street.
300 E of Orizaba, E 37:6 by S 125, block L,
Railroad Homestead: $10. • •
Christigan F. Priellpp to John D. H. and
Katharine Btschoff. lot on E line of Craut
street 85 N of Marshall. N 25 by E 100, lots 23
and 24 block 8. College Homestead; $10.
George I. and Louise E. Drew (by. O. A.
Tolle. commissioner) to California Mutual &
Ban Francisco Building and Loan Association,
lots 117 119 and 121, gift map 1; $1205. .
Homah Catholic Archbishop of 8an Francisco
to Mary Cereghino, lot on NE line of Croke
street 225 NW of Mission. N 225. NW 23 by
NE 150. Academy Tract; $10
Joseph Krohenberger to John Landvogt and
James T. and Bertha McBean, lot 39. block 48,
SunnysMe*. $10.
Theodore C. and Elizabeth Boyd to A. D.
Grlmwood and Charles H. 'Abbot; all property
In California; value received.
High Speed Motors Are Tested.
John Purey Is Mysteri
ously Wounded at
Railroad Yards.
SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 17.—Attor
neys for Peter Mortensen, the con
demned murderer of James R. Hay,
filed a petition for a rehearing on the
second appeal of the case before the
Supreme Court this afternoon, basing
it on several alleged errors In taking
evidence during the trial. If the court
does not pass upon the petition before
Friday, the day set for the execution, it
is probable that Governor Wells will
grant a reprieve, as it is said he favora
such action.
Murderer Petitions for Rehearing.
Southern Pacific Meets
Its Rival's Cut in
Time.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. 17.— Two
companies of militia have been patroll
ing the streets to-night under arms and
occupying the buildings in the vicinity
of the jail In anticipation of an at
tempt to liberate Tom Horn.
The Sheriff to-day received informa
tion that an attempt would be made
to-night to storm the jail. He at once
communicated with Governor Chatter
ton, who is in Denver, and the latter
ordered the local militia companies to
protect the jail at all hazards.
Up to midnight nothing had been
seen of the storming party.
Sheriff Receives Word That Attempt
Will Be Made to Liberate
Murderer Horn.
STATE - MILITIA GUARDS
THE JAIL AT CHEYENNE
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 17.— It has been
made known that Circuit Attorney
Folk will, in the course of a few days,
file a petition in the Circuit Court ask
ing that final disposition be made of
the $75,000 boodle • fund, which played
such a prominent part in the ' recent
Grand Jury investigation, by turning It
over to the city of St. Louis for use in
some public enterprise.
Boodle Fund Goes to the- City.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— James R. Gil
more, well known In the field of "letters
under his own name and his nom de
plume, Edmund Kirke, Is dead at his
home In Glen Falls, N. Y. He -was SO
years of age. Gilmore was the author
of "The Last of the Thorndykes." "The
Mountain White Heroine" and "Per
sonal Recollections of Lincoln." He
was an intimate personal friend of
President Lincoln. Oliver Wendell
Holmes. Ralph Waldo Emerson and
Horace Greeley.
Death of a Well-Xnown Author.
DUBLIN, No*v. 17. — John Redmond
cabled to former Congressman Flnner
ty of Chicago to-day as follows:
"The rumors of disunion in the party
are absolutely unfounded. Ireland
hopes William O'Brien will withdraw
his resignation. Meetings of the party
and the directory will be held next
week to urge him to withdraw it. In
any case, there is no danger whatever
of dissension. The land act will speed
ily'settle the land question."
Nationalists Will Hold Meeting and
Urge O'Brien to Withdraw His
Resignation.
IRISH LEADER DENIES
RUMORS OF DISUNION
BOILERMAKER
SHOT IN ARM
The board of trustees of the Mechan
ics' Institute met last night and ac
cepted elaborate plans for the decora
tion and improvement of the library
building on Post street. The present
stairway is to be turned so that the
approach to the second floor will be
throuph the main library. The hall is
be paneled with oak partitions of
unique design, and Arthur F. Mathews
is preparing the mural decoration for
the vestibule. The alterations and dec
orations will cost over $5000.
To Renovate Library,
Secretary Carter has not yet received
his commission as Governor, but, by
virtue of his office of Secretary, he will
act as Governor in the interim.
HONOLULU, Nov. 17.-^Sanford B.
Dole's commission' as United* States
District Judge reached \here to-day.
Governor Dole wiU.<ake the- oath of
office before Chief ' Justice ' Frear . to
morrow and • assume his seat on the
bench immediately. The number of
cases on th<» calender is the heaviest
on record. There are a score of indict
ments against Japanese for Importing
and enslaving women.
The Grand Jury will resume its in
vestigation of the scandals connected
with the last Legislature. The officers
of the House and twenty-nine Repre
sentatives have been subpenaed to tes
tify regarding the missing documents
and vouchers.
Record-Breaking Number of Cases
on the Calendar of His
Court- , rt i ' -
DOLE TO TAKE FEDERAL
JUDGE'S OATH TO-DAY
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Amer
ican Federation of Labor is endeavor
ing to prevent the appointment of Sen
ator Smoot of Utah to a position on
the Immigration Committee. The asso
ciation has not protested against the
Senator holding his seat, bat \a oppos
ing vigorously his application for a
committee appointment which they
claim would gave him an opportunity
to promote the immigration of Mor
mons from Europe. Albert Schulte, as
a member of the legislative committee
of the American Federation of Labor,
is making a canvass of Republican
Senators. He asserts that Smoot as a
Mormon apostle was a member of a
committee which a number of years
ago visited Europe in order to enlist
aliens to come to this country and be
come members of the Mormon faith.
Association Is Opposing His Applica
tion for Appointment on Senate
Immigration Committee.
FEDERATION OF LABOR
FIGHTING APOSTLE SMOOT
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— Dr. Jane Orr
of Fabiola Hospital was selected to
day to become superintendent of the
Home for the Incurables of the King's
Daughters' Society. Dr. Orr has been
connected with the Fabiola Hospital
for some time and is one of the most
trusted members of the medical staff
of that institution. .
She is a graduate of the Massachu
setts Medical College and has also tak
en a full course as a trained nurse, so
that she is fully equipped to take
charge of all departments of the new
home. Dr. T. A. Williams will remain
as the regular visiting physician of the
home.
The ladies of the association will re
ceive their many friends at the home
on Friday next, when donations for the
institution will be received.
Dr. Jane Orr of Fabiola Hospital Is
-Selected for 'the Po
sition.
NEW SUPERINTENDENT FOB
KING'S DAUGHTERS' HOME
Also a number of appointments were
mads in the revenue cutter service and
marine hospital- service.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.—Represen
tative Richardson of Tennessee intro
duced a bill to-day to place all trust
made articles on the free list and to
reduce the rate of duty on all articles
manufactured" in the United States and
sold more cheaply abroad than in this
country.
Postmasters— California— Catherine T.
Ryan, Gilroy; N. A. Thompson, New
man; George Watterson, Bishop; D. R.
Trout, Boulder Creek; W. F. Wulf,
Crescent City; R. R. Giffen, Fowler.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— The Sen
ate to-day in executive session con
firmed the following nominations;
John G. Foster, Vermont, Consul
General at Ottawa, Canada.
Consuls— Luther T. Ellsworth, Ohio,
at Cartagena, Colombia; Christopher
II. Payne, West Virginia, at St.
Thomas, D. W. I.; Alfred M. Gott
schalk, New .York, at Callao, Peru;
Charles N. Daniels, Connecticut, at
Sheffield, England; Perry Hall. New
Hampshire, at Port Limon, Costa Rica;
Edward Higglns, Massachusetts, at
Berne, Switzerland; U. J. Ledou, Maine,
at Prague, Austria.
Daniel Thew fright, Ohio, Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of the
District of Columbia: W. H. Hope, New
Mexico, Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court of New Mexico; William
C. Hook. Kansas, Circuit Judge of the
Eighth Judicial Circuit; James C. Rey
nolds.' Tennessee, Assistant Attor
ney General; Herbert Knox Smith,
Hartford, Connecticut, Deputy Com
missioner of Corporations; E. F. John
son, Michigan, Associate Justice of the
Supreme Court of the Philippine. Isl
ands; A- W. Cooley, New York. Civil
Service Commissioner; F. M. HIggins,
Tennessee, Chief Examiner of the Civil
Service Commission. .
Senate Approves Selections Made by
the President.
NOMINATIONS CONFIBMED.
Mary A. Mullane (Greeley) (wife) to John J.
Greeley lot on SE line of Howard street, 380
SW of First. BW 25 by 8E R5; also lot on SE
line of Tehams street, 235 SW of Fourth, SW
40 by SE 80; % 10.
Caroline alias Carolina. Kueel to Thomas W.
and Christopher Rivera, lot on 8E line of
Shipley street. 475 SW of Fifth, SW 25 by SE
75: $10.
Laura Blackwood to Elizabeth Blackwood,
lot on NW corner of Bryant street and Oak
Grove avenue, SW 112 by NW 133:9; also lot
en NW line of Folsom street. 200 NE of Fifth.
NE 75 by NW 160; also lot en NE line of Oak
Grove avenue, 225 SE of Harrison street, SE
75 by NF. 112: al*o lot on NW line of Bryant
street. 250 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by NW 75;
»lft-
Same to same, lot on NW line of Bryant
street. 225 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by NW 75: also
lot on NE line of Morris avenue, 100 NW of
Bryant street. NW 25 by NE 60: also lot on
NE lln* of Morris avenue, 75 NW of Bryant
street. NW 25 by NE 80; gift. - '
Frederick E.. Carrie M., John TV. and Mary
TV. Wadsworth to Albert H. and Olivia Daniel
son, lot on SW corner of Eighteenth and Mis
sissippi streets, W 25 by 8 100; $10. •
Felix and Define Marcuse to Catherine Buick.
lot on S Una of Lake street, 30 B of Fourth
avenue. E 30 by S 100; $10.
Jecsle K. and Allen O. Freeman to James
F. Cbeesewrlght. lot on B line of Twenty-first
avenue, 104 8 of Lake street. S 90 by E 120;
$X0. -• "-
Albert 'Meyer to Louie Llpman. lot on BW
corner of Twenty-first avenue and H street. S
100 by W 120; also lot on BE- corner of Twenty
first avenue and H street. S 100 by E 140; also
lot on SW corner of Nineteenth avenue and H
street, 8 100 by W 132:6; also lot on BE corner
of Nineteenth ' avenue and H street, S 100 by
E 132:0: $10.
Same to Emlle and Maud Million, lot on S
John C. Hrickell to Abbie n. Wood, lot on E
line of First arenue. 7S4:1 N of Point I^obos,
S 17«:« E ]'-'O. N 16«:0. NW 125:5; alfo lot on
W line' of Dolores street. 2S9:9?» S of Seven
teenth. N &4:6V6, W 123:3U. S 42:9. E
City 'and County of San Francls=co to Eliza
rowfrs,' lot on S line of Clinton Park etreet,
230 E of DoloreK. E 22:0 by S 75; $ .
Same to Loulea Oestlns (wife of Paul), lot
on W line of Woodward gtrect, 170 3 cf Du
boce. S 30 by W C5; $ .
Rime to William J Axford. lot on W line of
Folsom street, 95 S of Twentieth, S 30 by W
"Gene and 'Henrietta Le Rny de Tooquevllle to
Parah B. Melone. lot on E line of Church street,
C8:» N of Sixteenth, N <h0 by E 250, quitclaim
deed: $1. £
William Ede Company to Bertha Eanders,
lot on E line of Xoe street. 175 S of Fifteenth,
S 6O. E 82:3. NE 77, \V 150:0; J4S0O.
OhriFtiane Kleinhammer to Julius and Jos
ephine Hoth. lot on E line of Folsom street.
237 C S of Twenty-second, S 22:6 by E 122:0;
$10.
John Dougherty to Michael Wrlnn, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-third and York streets, S 104
by B 25; $10.
William and Annie Wright to Robert J.
Wright, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street,
SO W of York. W 20 by S 80; $10.
Alexander and Nellie Bond to R. P. Chris
tian, lot on W line of Diamond street. 223 S of
Eighteenth. 8 35 by W 125: $10.
Charles and Dorothea Harris to Homeseek
rrs' Loan Association, lot on S line of Twenty
fourth strett, 25 W cf Douglass, W 25 by S
Homeseekers 1 Loan Association to Nels E.
and Tillle Aplln, same; $10.
Katie Thoma <wlfe) to John O. Thoma, lot
on N line of Moulton place, 115 W of Mont
gomery etreet, also 125 S of Union, W 22:6 by
Thomas Seale to California Newton, lot on
N line of Jackson street. 137:6 W of Hyde. W
27:6 by N 137:6; $10. - • . '.
Same to John M. Kepner. lot on N line of
Jackson etreet. 220 W of Hyde, W 27:6 by N
U 6ame to Christopher and Mary M. Heinz,
lot on N line of Jackson street. 192:6 W of
Hyde W 27 :« by N 137:6; $10.
Same to Frank H. Burke, lot on N line of
Jackson street. 165 W of Hyde. W 27:6 by N
13 SidneV°L.. M. and Mabel V. Starr, and Wil
liam and Mary Mooser to Hartland Law. lot on
NE corner of O'Farrell and Hyde, streets, E 50
y indepe'nden't Gas and Power Company to Ban
Francisco Gas and Electric Company (a corpo
ration), lot on E line of Michigan etreet, 150 N
of Twenty-third. N 125:7 to line of Bay of San
Francisco at high water mark, thence SE 128:8
feet, SW 56:3*. SE 69:10%. W 56:T. N 50 W
100 to beginning, lots 6, 7. 8. 15 and 16. block
443- also lot on E line of Michigan street. 433
S of Twenty-second. 8 147:11 to bay. SE 110,
HE 100. PE 110. N 372:9. thence at right angles
W 200 to beginning; also lot on N line of
Twenty-third street. GO W of Georgia. W 100
by N 100; also lot on NE corner of Michigan
p.nd Twent} -third streets. N 150. E 100. S 50,
W 00 8 100 W SO; also lot on NW corner of
Georgia and' Twenty-third streets. N 74:2 to
shore line, NW M):6H. TV 0:7. S 100 to Twen,
ty-third, E 50; also all the right, title and in
terest in block 44.1: also lot on W line of Lou
isiana street. 252:2 N of Twenty-fourth, N 78
by W 200; also lot on SE corner of Delaware
and Nevada streets. E 200 by S 178; also lot on
SW corner of Delaware and Nevada streets, W
143 8 178: aleo lot on B line of Twenty-third
street. 46 TV of Delaware, W 45 by S 20:9; also,
less right of way over that strip of land de
ecrlbed. vlit: Lot on S line of Twenty-third
street, 120 W of Delaware, TV 17 by S 178; also
all other real property belonging to first party
In California: also all fixtures, movables, cast
tron pipe*, etc.: $10.
Independent Electric Light and Power Com
pany (a corporation) to same, lot on NW corner
of Louisiana and Twenty-third streets. N 433;
W 200 8 416:5 to shore line, SE 30 feet to
Twenty-third, thence N 175 to beginning; also
lot on 8 line of Twenty-third street. 46 W of
Delaware, TV 45 by S 20:8; also lot on SE line
of Mission 6treet. 77:6 NE of Third,. NE 20 by
PE SO; aleo lot on N line of Sacramento street,
W) E of Montgomery, E 26 by N 60; also lot on
NE line of Eighth street. 40 NW of Minna.
NW 40 by NE C5; also lot on W line of Hyde
street. 114:6 N of McAllister. N 23 by W 70;
also all other real property belonging to first
party In San Francisco, Cal.. or elsewhere; also
all fixtures or movables and castiron pipes,
etc.: $10.
Jane alias Jennie Blake to Ernest A. Fischer,
lot on NE corner of Geary and Stelner streets",
N 7." by E 45; »10.
Mary E. Dudley to Hartland Law, lot on W.
line of Van Nes» avenue, 66 N of Pacific, N 66
by W 124:9, quitcialm deed: $1.
Emily C. Lindberg to same, same. Quitclaim
a>*d: $1.
Kate \V. Kirk to aame, same; ?1.
Hartland and Ada Law to Sydney I* M.
Starr and William llocser. lot on NW corner
of Pacific and Van Ness avenues, W 124:9 by
N 132: *i<>. "
Sidney L. M. and Mabel V. Starr and
William and Mary Mooser to Fred A.
Dorn lot on NW line of Van Ness and Pacific
avenues, N 132 by W 78; $10.
Jane Berky to Henry Besby. lot on S line of
Grove etrett, 137:0 W of Franklin. TV 27 :B by
S 120; $10.
A. P. Hota'.ing & Co. to Henrietta Jenkins
(wife of Henry), lot on N line of Page etreet,
107:6 W of Gough. W 30 by H 120; J10.
Marcus and Jennie Sheftel to Miranda Weller,
lnt nn S line of Bush street, HOB of Webster,
E 27 :« by S lo":«; J1O.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 17.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— James K.
Johnston, alleged by the police of Eu
rope and America, to whom he was
known as "Jersey Jim," to have been
one of the cleverest thieves in the
world, is dead at Trenton, N. J. He
was born there and grew up in the
church, but suddenly forsaking his
Christian associations, he went to Cali
fornia with the "4D-ers" and opened a
gambling house in San Francisco. In
a year or two he amassed a fortune and
moved to Paris, where he lived in
luxury.
When his money was nearly gone he
returned to America and a few months
ago was arrested for stealing a palp of
shoes.
James K. Johnston, a Farmer San
Francisco Gambler, Passes
Away in New Jersey.
SQUANDERS A FORTUNE
AND DIES IN POVERTY
A gas reservoir, of 80,000 cubic feet
capacity will be suspended pver the
car. This will resemble in shape the
back of a whale, designed so the wind
will under all circumstances strike at
an angle. This, too. will be made of
rawhide or aluminum."*
The contrivance will be raised and
made to soar and its course will be di
rected by power furnished by the gaso
line engine; On each side of the car
will be three wings, or oblong blades,
each with a fiat surface of eighteen
square feet, and each capable of one
beat per second. These will descend
from horizontal to vertical and return.
The first movement forces the car up
ward. Little power will be required for
this, as the gas eliminates the factor of
dead weight. A four-blade propeller at
the back of the craft furnishes driving
power. The steering apparatus Is in
the bow. where long and thin aero
planes direct the course from left to
ripht, up or down.
¦ Passenger cars may be attached to
the locomotive car. A parachute at
tachment is a part of the gas holder
and may be detached by pulling on a
rope.
Gilson believes that it will be possible
for a party to go from. here to the St.
Louis World's Fair next year at a
speed of 180 miles an hour. The pre
liminary work of organizing a company
to build the machine and demonstrate
its utility is now under way. A larger
machine than the model will be built
in a short time.
To the fact that other inventors have
depended on gas for their lifting power
Gilson ascribes their failure. In his
machine eras is utilized only to neutral
ize the weight of the contrivance. The
Gilson machine resembles the hull of
a racing automobile, with a rudder at
the prow. The car will be built of
aluminum or rawhide and will be thirty
feet long by ten wide. A depression
will be made in the center for a gaso
line engine to develop eighty horse
power.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Nov. 17.— Samuel
H. Gilson, discovery of Gilsonite and
a leading coal operator, has perfected,
after thirty years of experiment, a ma
chine which he confidently believes^ will
solve the problem of aerial navigation.
The model of the machine has finally
been completed and it works success
fully.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Much, like a bigger Massenet of "M.a
nnn Lesoaut" is the Leoncavallo of
"Zaza." There is little to remind of the
composer of "rPadiacci," with its
ripe, red-blooded, big-shouldered genius.
Properly "Zaza" belongs almost to the
penus opera comJque. As an exposition
of the "Zaza" phychology the petting:
can hardly be said to be particularly
luminous. It lacks largely in the dra
matic element. Again, however, there
is a marked lyrical value, a melodious
quality, that is destined to make the
opera an easy favorite among audi
ences. Lyrics abound, whistleful in char
acter, and the orchestration — as one
can glimpse It from the Tivoli capaci
ties — is remarkably graceful.
The only Zaza the Tivoli list affords
is De Spada, who, piquant and intelli
gent enougrh. is hardly the passionate,
sultry locked person Mrs. Carter has
led us to demand. De Spada leaves the
led hair to her mamma and offers a
sort <>f gentle amalgam of Lucia and
Nedda on the dramatic Fide. Greprorettl
as Cascart has a very congenial role,
that he hasn't fully shaken into yet.
He has a song In the second act with
Zaza that was wildly applauded and
which Is one of the best in the opera.
Ischierdo has the lover's role. Dufresne,
and is sufficient, though not affable in
the part. There are a number of small
er parts excellently taken, Cloe Mar
chesinl as a comedy mother, Dado as
Bussy the Journalist, Cortes! as a the
atrical manager and Miss Barker as a
soubrette noticeable among them. Toto,
the child, done !>y a little Italian girl,
was one of the best bits in the opera.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Of course the conditions debar Justice
to any of those concerned, conductor,
cast, orchestra, and not least, the com
poser. But it may be Immediately said
that wonders have been done under the
circumstances. The opera went clearly,
smoothly, and with considerable spirit
liist night, and one cannot but believe
Mr. Pu-indorfTs reading of the work to
be pomethins? very like the composer's
intentions. The •"Zaza." is indeed one
• if th# best things that has been done
in this not too brilliant season, and in
the circumstances extraordinary- On
the -wholp, too, the opera was received
with notable favor, some of the many
charming arias Immediately hooking to
the attendant par, and applause being
ppnerous.
The production is extremely interest
ing, therefore, as an example of what
the Tivoli can do purely on its own
"hook" — with, moreover, about one
tonth of the time needful, and perhaps
half the straw necessary for the
"Zara" brick.
The Tivoli cut a new notch in its his
tory last night, when the little opera
house produced for the first time in
America the new Leoncavallo opera
"Z&za." The task Is probably the most
ambitious the Tivoli has attempted. To
begin with the opera was new to all
those concerned in its presentation.
Neither Mr. Steindorff. the singers nor
the orchestra had taken part in it be
fore, nor ever heard the work, except
in 'the case of one or two of the princi
pals.
Mr. Coughlin has resided in Alameda
for the last eleven years. He leaves
five children— Timothy C. and Robert
E. CouKhlin of Alameda, William C.
Coughlin of Annapolis. Mrs. W. U.
Kelly of Alaska and Mrs. J. C. John
stone of Haywarda.
The funeral will be held Wednesday
at 9:30 a. m. from the undertaking par
lors of Smiley & Gallagher, thence to
St. Joseph's Church. Interment will be
at St. Mary's Cemetery.
Mr. Coughlin came to the United
States when a boy and began his ca
reer as a railroad man on the Boston
and Albany Railroad, running from
Springfield to Boston. He -was one of
the first railroad men to come to the
Pacific Coast and assisted In running
the first line of rails into Livermore
Valley and Oakland from San Joaquin
County.
Mr. Coughlln's demise was undoubt
edly hastened by the death of his wife,
which occurred only nine months ago.
Her passing was a bereavement from
the effects of which he never fully re
covered-
ALAMEDA, Nov. 17.— Michael C.
Coughlin, assistant superintendent of
construction for the United Railroads
in San Mateo County, died at his home
at 2236 Railroad avenue at 10 o'clock
last night after an Illness of a little
more than two weeks. The deceased
was a. native of Ireland, 54 years of
age.
RAILROADS ADDS
TO NEW TRAINS
The discussion of resolutions took 3 up
the entire afternoon. The final form of
the polygamy declaration was s fixed
after an Oklahoma delegate objected to
the proposition that no more States be
admitted to the Union until an anti
polygamy amendment to the national
1 constitution has been adopted. Mrs.
Weed insisted that Senator Reed
Smoot, as an elder in the Mormon
church, is under the most solemn obli
gation to uphold the doctrine and pur
poses of the Mormon church, which is
the overthrow of the United States
Government and the substitution of
another Government, which is that of
the Mormon church. The resolutions,
as adopted, follow: • .
"Since our work is one of the forma
tion, as well as reformation, we stand
firmly for total abstinence for the indl-
Vi "Believlng that the liquor traffic is
morally wrong and therefore can ne\er
be made legally right we °PP OS « <*"
forms of regulation and again pledge
ourselves to endeavor to se cure such
legislation as shall result in complete
PI "We stand for an equal code of mor
als for women and men and emphatic
ally condemn every system for the reg-
U "\Ve rejoice in the closing of the gates
of the World's Fair on Sunday and in
other efforts being made to purify St.
Louis. '
"We believe that all the women of
the United States should vote on equal
terms with men. as in Wyoming, Colo
rado, Idaho and Utah.
"We believe that polygamy is both
taught and practiced in the United
States and that there is abundant proof
to substantiate the claim that Utah has
broken faith with the United States in
this matter. We ask Congress to J>ro
vide for an amendment to the constitu
tion of the United States forever pro
hibiting polygamy.
"We also believe that an apostle qt
the Mormon hierarchy cannot be a loy
al citizen of this republic because of
his vows to another organization sep
arate and distinct from the United
States of America and not subordinate
to it, but claiming superiority over it.
We ask that Mr. Reed Smoot be ex
cluded from the United States .Senate 1
on the ground , that^hls , highest^alle
giance is given to a government other
than thaf of .thfi, United. States. *J
"We believe this HfybVaff civil ques
tion which should not.be obscured by
religious or ' ecclesiastic claims.
"We authorize'our president and sec
retary to memorialize Congress for. an
anti-polygamy amendment to the con
stitution of the United States, in fur
therance of- which we urge educational
methods in every State as looking to
ward the confirmation of this congres
sional act.
"We memorialize the Qongress of the
United States to prohibit the importa
tion of opium into the Philippine Isl
ands."
CINCINNATI. Nov. 17.— The session
of the National .Woman's Christian
Temperance Union began to-day with
an address in the purity conference on
the dangers 1 of Mormonism by Dr.
Sarah Elliott of New York, followed
by a further treatment of the subject
by Mrs. Maria Weed of Chicago.
> The following officers were elected:
President, Mrs. Lillian M. N. Stevens
of Portland, Me.; corresponding secre-,
tary, ' Mrs. Susan M. D. Fry, Illinois;
recording secretary, Mrs. Clara M.
Hoffman, Missouri; treasurer, Mrs.
Helen M. Barker. Illinois. :
Julia Moore to-day dismissed a suit
for divorce against Henry Moore. She
accuses him .. of intemperance and
cruelty. He has promised to reform
and the proceedings have been dropped.
Bertha P. C. Dwelle, wife of Rev. J.
H. Dwelle, former pastor of the Afro-
American Church in this city, com
menced an action of divorce to-day, al
1 Iegirig that her husband had deserted
her. He was horsewhipped in front of
his church about a year ago by J. J.
Leggett, who accused the pastor of un
due familiarity with his (Leggett's)
wife. Dwelle did not wait for an in
vestigation, but left hurriedlly, leaving
his wife of a few months behind him.
She stated that as soon as she had been
here the required length of time she
would begin the action just begun.
Former City Electrician Louis E.
Flemmirig has had an action for di
vorce Instituted against him by An
nette Fleming, who alleges that he has
been unfaithful to her. There is a fair
co-respondent in the case, who, Mrs.
Flemming says, she does not know, but
who, she alleges, was in the habit of
visiting her husband in his office in the
; City Hall. She asks for $100 attorney's
fees, $25 a month alimony and the cus
tody of their child. .
This is not the first time the Flem
mings. have appeared In the . divorce
court. They were first married in 1898
and a couple of years later she was
gra/ited a divorce. In 1901 .they were
remarried. Now she would sever the
marriage ties for a second time. Flem
ming, up to a short time ago. was in
the employ of the Board of Public
Works as head electrician, but was re
cently discharged.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Willis P. Van Benschoten against
Clara Benschoten, who he accuses of
being in love with another. She be
gan a suit some time ago and only to
day filed a dismissal of it, when he
promptly took the matter up and began
an action himself.
Mrs. W. H. Nickel has asked the
courts for a divorce from Arthur
Nickel, who, she alleges, has deserted
her. They were married in St. Louis
in 1887.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
%. 1118 Broadway. Nov. 17.
All that was mortal of the late Pro
fessor L. Du Pont Syle was cremated
to-day at the Oakland Crematorium,
near Mountain View Cemetery, after
simple and befitting ceremonies had
been held over the remains in the
chapel connected with the undertaking
parlors of Albert Brown, on Thirteenth
street in this city. . There was no lack
of loving tributes to the deceased in
structor and critic and the casket was
buried under floral offerings from
friends who held in high esteem the
many dualities that went to make him
foremost in the particular branch of
English dramatic literature that was
his Bpecial study. * **.
Professors and students from the
University of California. In which he
formerly held a chair in English, were
largely represented. His pallbearers
were Professor Frank Soule, Professor
A. F. Lange, N. Hamilton. E. J. Brown
of the class of '98, Carl S. Hanson of
the class of '99 and Vere Hinton of the
class of '02. Besides thojq who bore
his corpse those among his immediate
associates in the college faculty who
gathered to pay their last respects to
his memory were Professors T. F. San
ford, C. W. Wells, C. B. Bradley, J. H.
Sanger, John Fryer, J. H. Brewer, Al
bin Putzker and Merrill.
The services were conducted by Rev.
Dr. Stone, the new pastor of the First
Unitarian Church. "Crossing the Bar,"
a favorite solo of the deceased, was
sung by Mrs. H. C. Corson. accom
panied on the organ by John W. Met
calf.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 17.
Splnk was riding on one of the "Key
Route" ferry trains, and as the car
passed the eastern end of the subway
bound for San Pablo avenue the mas
ter mechanic leaned out to look at the
trolley 'connections. He dhJ not notice
how close he was to the pole, and the
motorman's cry of warning was too
late to save Spink. He was struck and
terribly injured.
The injured man remained uncor
scious most of the time and the sur
geons gave no hope for recovery.
Splnk was one of the pioneers in elec
trical railroading in Oakland. He be
gan as a motorman on the old East
Oakland and Fruitvale Railroad, which
was later absorbed by the Oakland
Transit Consolidated. After the amal
gamation Spink was given charge of
the car shops at Piedmont. Before the
new ferry was opened Spink was made
master mechanic of the system and
had charge of the equipment of the
rolling stock. Spink resided at 50$
Walsworth avenue with his wife, two
children and his mother.
George "W. Spink, master mechanic
of the San Francisco, Oakland and San
Jose Railroad, died to-day at noon at
Fabiola 'Hospital from injuries sus
tained Sunday by being struck by a
trolley pole while riding on an inspec
tion tour.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Nov. 17.
Received With Favor and
the Audience Applauds
Generously.
Assistant Superintendent of
United Railroads Is
Called.
Former Associates and Pupils
Officiate as Pall
b9arerB. /
Assert That His Highest Al
legiance Is Not Given to
• the Republic.
Ranks Among the Oldest Elec
tric Street Car Employes
of Oakland- .
Will Use Gasoline Engine to
Develop Necessary Lift
ing Power. *
Wife of Former Pastor of
Afro-American Church
Wants Decree.
Michael Coughlin Passes
Away After Two
Weeks' Illness.
Funeral of Late Pro
fessor Syle Largely
Attended.
Believes He Has Solved
Problem of Aerial
Navigation.
Temperance Workers
Arraign the Senator
s From Utah.
Separated and-Remar
ried Mrs. L. E. Plem
ming Sues Again.
Is Given With Spirit
by Singers of the
TivolL
Master Mechanic Spmk
Dies at Fabiola
Hospital.
OPERA "ZAZA"
GOES SMOOTHLY
CONSTRUCTION
ENGINEER DEAD
URGE REMOVAL
OF REED SMOOT
GILSON PERFECTS
FLYING MACHINE
SCHOLAR'S BODY
LAID AT REST
SEEKS DIVORCE
A SECOND TIME
RAILROAD MAN'S
INJURIES FATAL
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. Z(yVTtf$iB£R I £. iwrs.
' The man whose ambition turns to greed
often drinks from an empty cud.
HOUSTON, Tex., Nov. 17.— John M.
Sinclair of ; Hempstead, ; a Democrat,
was to-day elected to Congress to suc
ceed T. H. Ball, resigned.
Will Succeed Congressman Ball.
Wages of Steel Workers Reduced.
PITTSBURG. Nov. 17.— The employes
of the plate and bar mills of the W.
DeweesWood sheet steel plant .at Mc-
Keesport, Pa., have been notified of a
reduction in wages of from 10 to 30 per
cent.- ,'':"' ,v • .¦ .¦'..¦-.¦ •¦
BOSTON, Nov. 17.— Jimmy Briggs
was given the .decision over Kid Broad
of Cleveland after a hard fifteen-round
fight, at the Criterion Club to-night.
Broad was clearly outpointed.
Briggs Outpoints Kid: Broad.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Nov. 17.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Lawrence A.
Spangler. 23 years old. and Lillian M.
Slbley, 20. both of Oakland; Joseph
Ganguet, 24. and Rosalie Martin, 23,
both of Oakland; Charles G. Kemp, 37,
and Minnie A. Vernon, 32, both of Oak
land; Felix Tbarra, 27, and Teresa
Saneta, 21, both of Alameda; Charles
Schwartz, 40, and Ttllle Miller, 33, both
of San Francisco.
4
£$£E*ff^in}M£$IBBU?tiF* u " <m!eal wh J ch
/S^BT m 1&& JWBMWtit lf¥ MVff&^[ women approach with
imiffFW indescribable fear, for
iU §Ri$>ii&^ m f^ BLB B?' BT& nothing compares with
J™ ¦^*« r * amMmiU* chili-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy robi.
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but ita use
gently prepares the system for the coming event, .prevents. "morning
sickness," and other dis- ¦ ¦¦
comforts of this period. £&£& 0^b °W ELM IS? 0E& & f£&
WX£s?%& BWSWYMEH ®*
containing valuable information free. &*%
The Bradfield Regulator Co., Atlanta, Ga. & UUMSkL MW eLsT
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEE THE FULL PAGE
PHOTOGRAPHIC
Hr; -J^. PHANTASY
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
BEAUTIFUL "
THANKSGIVING EDITION. .National bank notes are one-sixth of the
money in circulation.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— A special dis
patch" from Brussels says it Is definite
ly decided that King Leopold will visit
the United States;in; the spring.
King Leopold: Will Visit America.
PARIS, Nov. 17.— Owing to the at
tacks of the Venezuelan press on the
Spanish arbitrators, Senor Leon y
Castillo, the Spanish Embassador. here,
has declined to serve as umpire in the
case of the Franco-Venezuelan claims.
Declines to Serve as Umpire .
HERMOSIL.L.O, Mexico, Nov. 17.—
The authorities here have Just been ad
vised of a terrific explosion of dynamite
in the Grand Central Mine at La Colo
rada," operated by an American com
pany. t .
Pedro Castillo, the Mexican foreman,
was killed and a half dozen Mexican
miners are so badly Injured that they
will die.
' The Mexican authorities, after inves
tigating the affair, held the. owners of
the mine responsible for the accident,
censuring them for the careless man
ner in which they allowed their ex
plosives to be handled.
The superintendent of the mine did
all in his power 'to relieve the. suffer
ings of the Injured and it is believed
that the usual arrest which follows
mine and railroad accidents .where
Mexicans in the employ of an Ameri
can company are killed will not be
made in this case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
People who are afraid to tackle those at
th«> top nf the ladder take a vicious de-
Jight in tugging at those trying to climb.
Dynamite, Causes Terri
ble Disaster in North
ern Mexico. \
NAPA, Nov. 17.— At a meeting of the
Cfty Council last night an important
ordinance was adopted calling a special
bond election on January IS, 1904, to
vote on the amount of f 35,000 to be ex
ponded on a city park, fire engine and
two bridges.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Navy
Department is informed that the gun
boat Machias arrived at Jibuti to-day
with Consul General Skinner and the
other members of the expedition to
Abyssinnla, where the Consul General
will negotiate a commercial treaty with
King Menelik. ¦..
Nearing Menelik's Capital.
MINERS SUFFER
IN EXPLOSION
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Nov. 17.—
The Supreme Court to-day held that
the statute prohibiting the giving away
of liquor in local option counties is con-
Ftitutional and fined two men for giv
lr.g a drink of liquor to a third person.
Fined for Giving Away Liquor.
After a' highball becomes a high roller
there are two of a kind that may be deuce
high.
Civil War Veteran Passes Away.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Brigadier
General Reuben F. Bernard, a veteran
of the Civil War, who participated in
103 battles and skirmishes In tjjat con
flict and in subsequent Indian cam
paigns, is dead at his residence In this
city.
Rich Copper Deposit Is Discovered.
MARINETTE. "Wis.. Nov. 17.— A cop
per deposit, rich in quality and of Im
mense extent, has been discovered at
Carney, near Menlmonee, Mich. Mining
experts familiar with the Calumet for
mation declare the deposits at Carney
are exactly similar.
SOCIALISTS STIR
THE CONVENTION
It may be more blest to give than to re
ceive, but It's mighty comforting to hav«
some one pay your .bills.
American Federation of
Labpr Faces Grave
; Problem
BOSTON. Nov. 17.— The question of
whether. the organization should com
mit itself to the doctrines of socialism
cs.*ne squarely before the delegates to
the convention of the American Feder
ation of Labor at »ts session to-day.
The (jurstlor- was nut answerad, as
j-hr-rtl: before 6 o'clock an adjournment
was taken until ta-morrow when :he
debate will be resumed.
The committee on resolutions report
ed unfavorably on nine resolutions in
troduced by socialists, and calling upon
the convention to favor public owner
ship, the collective ownership of land
and capital and in a general way de
claring the federation should form it
self into, a political party. Delegate
Max Hayes of Cleveland, one of the
leading socialists in the convention,
was on his feet in a moment to protest
against the report, and he was loudly
applauded by the spectators in the gal
lery. He moved the following substi
tute for the committee's report:
"Since wages can never be regarded
as the full equivalent' for labor toll, this
convention recommends that the work
ers use their political and economical
power-along- the. lines 'of their class in
terest to secure for labor the full pro
duct of its toil."
: Delegate Hayes proceeded, to make a
twenty-minute speech on socialism.
The debate then became general, occu
pying • the. remainder qf the session.
Delegate -Wheeler of California #vas
among those who spoke in favor of the
Hayes. resolution. •
•Resolutions were adopted to-day call
ing - u upon the : federation to request
President Roosevelt to order the, dis
continuance of the unfair competition
which" the musicians of the country are
subjected to from the musicians enlist
ed in the army and navy.
Guantanamo Is Now, Ours.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Nov.' 17.— The
United States cruiser Baltimore arrived
to-day rat" Guantanamo and officially
assumed sovereignty, in the name of
the United States, over the naval sta
tion there. The / Baltimore will go to
Bahia Honda, Cuba, which is to be
made- a coaling station of the United
States. .
M. Riche and M. Villette Meet With
Swords and the Latter Is
Slightly Wounded.
PARIS. Nov. 17. — A duel was fought
to-day between M. Riche, the explorer,
and II. Villette, a newspaper man. The
latter was slightly wounded. The duel
ists were then reconciled.
M. Riche's seconds had arranged a
second meeting for their principal with
M. Bruchard, another newspaper man,
but before crossing swords their dif
ferences were amicably settled. The
meeting between M. Riche and Villette
grew out of a private a uarrel.
EXPLORER FIGHTS DUEL
WITH A NEWSPAPER MAN
PARIS, Nov. 17.— General O'Connor,
commandant of a subdivision of Al
geria, who is here to discuss military
plans of campaign, engaged in a fist
fight to-day on the Boulevard Hauss
man with Captain Muller, a retired
military officer. The captain approach
ed the general, crying, "You have made
lying reports against me," and struck
O'Connor on the face. The two men
clinched and rolled over, on the pave
ment until separated, when General
O'Connor said Captain Muller would
hear, farther from him.
Commandant of a Subdivision of
Algeria Is Assaulted While
Visiting Paris.
FORMEB MILITARY OFFICER
ATTACKS GENERAL O'CONNOR
IRETON, Iowa, Nov. 17.— The Bank
of Ireton, a private institution, has
closed. A notice reading "Closed for
liquidation" was posted on the door,
and no further statement was given
out. The failure of the Sheldon State
Bank is said to have been responsible.
Private Bank Closes Its Doors.
BRANTFORD, Ontario, Nov. 17.—
Bailey Cutlery Company has closed its
doors. Insufficient tariff protection is
given as the cause of suspension, the
firm being unable to compete with
American prices and the cheap labor
products from England and Germany.
The company's invested capital was
$490,000.
Cutlery Company Closes Its Doors.
"The Pennsylvania Trust Company is
not only solvent, but strong financially
and able to pay to all depositors the
amounts of their deposits and will do
so as fast as the clerks can pay out.
There is absolutely no reason for any
alarm on the part of the company's
patrons."
Late to-day the Reading Clearing
house'met -and decided to extend to the
Pennsylvania Trust Company all finan
cial assistance needed.
Clamors by depositors continued
throughout the afternoon. The building
was packed and a great crowd stood in
the rain. The following notice was
posted in front of the building:
In addition to the funds on hand, the
company received 1200,000 to-day from
Philadelphia. The officers ascribe the
efforts to affect the credit of the insti
tution to malicious persons.
With the view of allaying the fears
of depositors, the company yesterday
published a statement which covers a
period of nine years. During that time
the assets have increased from 5896.85S
to $2,782,281; the deposits from 5376,355
to $1,770,851. and the capital, surplus
and undivided profits from $332,655 to
$521,460. t
READING, Pa., Nov. 17.— For some
unexplained cause a run was started
to-day on the Pennsylvania Trust Com
pany, especially in its savings depart
ment. A continuous line of depositors
pressed forward and were rapidly paid
off. President* Brooke and several di
rectors endeavored to restore confidence
among the depositors by assuring them
that the institution was in sound finan
cial condition.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— When the
Senate met to-day a number of bills
and petitions were presented. Most of
the bills were for pensions and the bulk
of the. petitions related to- the case of
Senator Smoot : of ' Utah. ; The Senate
then went Into executive session and
ten minutes later adjourned.
Senate's Session . Is Short.
Douglass of New- York and Morrell
of Pennsylvania spoke on the Repub
lican side in favor of the /bill and Ma
con of Arkansas, Thomas of North
Carolina, Hughes of New Jersey and
McDermott of New Jersey on the Dem
ocratic side also spoke In -favor of the
bill. ...;;-
Crumpacker (R.) of Indiana said re
ciprocity was not in harmony with the
tariff policy of this country, as ex
emplified in the last two Republican
tariff bills; It was not scientific, he
added, and a reciprocity policy based
on special agreements with all com
mercial powers arrested the operation
of economic laws. He said that if we
were to have a permanent reciprocity
policy we should put a tax on non
competitive articles, that we might
have something upon which to nego
tiate.
"Two years ago Cuba was on the
verge of bankruptcy and that she has
escaped luin is not due to any effort
on our part. That she has been able
to exist at all during the last two years
is because of two reasons: First, the
change in her government; second, the
marketing of an increased amount of
tobacco and sugar. In 1902 the spec
tacular and extravagant rule of Gen
eral Wood, having saddled upon Hava
na for ten years the infamous gambling
monopoly of the Sociedad Anonima Jai
Alai, gave place to the conservative,
economical, sensible and business-like
administration of President Palma.
who has proved himself an executive of
the very highest order."
After quoting figures, McClellan said:
"In other words, under President Pal
ma the cost of government is more than
$7,000,000 less per annum than it was
under General Wood."
In conclusion, McClellan said:
"And now, at last, after years of
awaiting, after the spectacle of an in
solent lobby practically dominating the
Congress, we propose to partially fulfill
our pledge to Cuba by giving her this
tupenny measure of relief that is war-,
ranted not to offend the susceptibili
ties of the most sensitive trust in exist
ence. We have made a % solemn promise
to Cuba. If a Republican majority in
its might is only willing to partially
keep that promise, the blame and the
shame rest with the Republican party.
But the bill is unquestionably a breach
in the wall of protection."
OPPOSED TO RECIPROCITY.
In the course of bis remarks McClel
lan said:
ASSAILS GENERAL WOOD.
Answering the statement that there
was no reason why the bill should be
passed because no benefits accrued to
the United States he said:
"In view of the formal obligations
which we are under to Cuba, this ob
jection is selfish; but even this objec
tion can be met."
He said the liberal concessions made
by Cuba In the treaty "should certain
ly permit the United States to obtain
virtual monopoly of the Cuban mar
kets."
McClellan of New York followed. He
said there was an argument in favor
of the enactment of the bill which rose
above all others and Involved the duty
and honor of the United States.
"As we have made it impossible for
Cuba," said McClellan, "to seek alli
ances elsewhere, it is a duty we cannot
shirk to permit her to enter into the
closest political and commercial rela
tions with us."
McCLELLAN'S
"Your Uncle Mark invented 'Let well
enough alone.' He afterward converted
this into f Stand pat.' and then the able
chairman of the Ways and Means Com
mittee (Payne) added a little 'Keep on
letting well enough alone'; and then,
when your Uncle Mark was being
punched over the ropes out in Ohio by
Colonel Theodore Roosevelt and Sen
ator Foraker, he added, 'For God's
sake, let's keep on letting well enough
alone.' "
Clark (D.) of Missouri, speaking of
the rule cutting off amendments to the
bill, said the probability was that the
Democrats would control the next
House and elect the next President,
adding:
"The more of these ironclad rules
you ram down our throats, £he more
you will have rammed down yours."
Turning his attention to the Cuban
bill, Clark declared with emphasis that
the Republicans could not pass the bill
without the Democratic vote in the
House, adding: "And you know it."
Clark then got back to politics and
quoted what he termed Republican bat
tle cries. Said he:
BOAST OF A DEMOCKAT.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The House
to-day resumed consideration of the
Cuban bill. The only r.otable incidents
of the day were the speeches of Stev
ens, a Republican member from Minne
sota, who spoke in opposition to the
bill, and tha speech of Mayor-elect Me-
Clellan of New York. Stevens opposed
the measure for reciprocity .with Cuba
at the last session. To-day he argued'
that the bill was a "cruel blow" at one
of the most important agricultural in
dustries in this country and that the
measure would Imperil our vast foreign
trade. McClellan delivered his valedic
tory to the House, making an argument
in favor of the bill, during the course
of which he criticized the administra
tion of General Wood in Cuba and
charged the Republicans with Responsi
bility for what was lacking in the ful
fillment of the duty of the United
States to Cuba. Four hours were de
voted to-day to debate on the measure,
ten members speaking. Under the rule
two days more are given for speeches.
The engineer received warning and
stopped his train before reaching the
loosened rail. The military to-day ar
rested H. H. McKinney. who was held
a. .prisoner lr> the guardhouse for four
t**?n days in September, and several
others who are suspected of complicity
in the alleged p!ot.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Nov. 17.—
An alleged attempt to wreck a passen
sor train, filled with miners returning
from work, by removing the spikes and
f.fh plates from a rail on the Florence
snd Cripple Creek Railroad In Eclipse
Gu'ch, was frustrated earlv to-day
The cold wave last night brought two
inches of snow, with the temperature
only four degrees above zero, but there !
is as yet no suffering from lack of fuel !
and practically no shortage, the dealers j
having abundance in storage. ¦
DENVER, Nov. 17.— "We are not con- |
Fidering the question of bringing in coal I
from the East," said General Manager j
"Welborn of the Colorado Fuel and Iron |
Company to-day, "for the reason that j
our supply Is ample. We have more j
miners working now than at any time j
Fir^e the strike began and each day ]
Edds to our output."
¦ Retail coal- dealers who have hereto- {
fore obtained their supplies principally |
from the Northern Colorado coal fields)
decided at a conference to-day to bring
ooa] from the East for their customers,
and an order was telegraphed for a
large shipment from Missouri River
points. Th'.s coal will be sold to con
sumers in Denver at 57 25 a ton. Here
tofore similar cnal produced in Colo
rado has been sold here at $4 to $1 50 a
ton.
in Las Animus and Huerfano counties.
The cold weather to-day caused a great
deal of suffering among strikers' fami
lies, who are living in tents near the
coal camps. All strikers at Hastings
have been warned to vacate the com
pany's houses at once.
. Another large shipment of miners
left here to-night for the different coal
fields of the South and Middle West. A
large crowd at the station bid them
godspeed, and the demonstration when
the train pulled out was deafening.
The report reached here that 200 men
had returned to work at Hastings to
day, but this proved to be untrue. A
nan from that camp arrived in Trinidad
to-night and states that not a man is
¦working there. Hastings is a Victor
Fuel Company camp, and trouble is
feared there. Five extra deputies were
sent out to-night to join a large num
ber of guards already at Hastings.
Major Hill of the Colorado National
Guard has been in Trinidad the past
three days investigating the conditions
for Governor Peabody, but succeeded
fo well in keeping his identity hid that
only a few knew of his presence until
to-day. No trouble of any kind has
been reported to the Sheriff's office up
to to-night.
PUEBLO, Colo.. Nov. 17.— Officials of
tf;e Colorado Fuel and Iron Company
claim to-day that the coal miners'
Ft like will now be solved effectually in
their favor by aid from the steel and
iion works men, who have been laid off
here and who are going to the coal
mines. More than 2000 of the workmen
in several departments of the steel
works were laid off on Saturday, when
those departments were suspended on
account of the cutting off of the coal
supply by the strike. Many of the men
determined that they would go to the
company's mines and dig coal. A car
load of them was taken yesterday to
the big Walsen mine, near Walsenburg,
and began operation of the coal cut
ting machines. Officials of the com
pany state that they will now soon
have plenty of coal and that they will
altogether Ignore the Miners' Union.
TRINIDAD. Colo., Nov. 17. — The ex
odus of coal miners to other seetion3
bim-e the strike was inaugurated is es
tiinand to aggregate to date 1000 men,
one-eeventh of the entire working force
Criticizes General Wood's
Record as Governor of
the Island.
Cold Weather Is Causing Suf
fering Among Families of
the Men.
Officers of the Institution Say
It Is in Sound Financial
Condition. J
Mayor - Elect of New
y York Advocates
Reciprocity.
Depositors of Pennsyl
vania Trust Company
Alarmed.
Crowds Gather at Rail
road Station to See
Them Off.
M'CLELLAN TALKS
FOR CUBAN BILL
RUM IS STARTED
ON READING BANK
STRIKING MINERS
it GOING SOUTH
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
Cuban Officers Want Full T?ay.
HAVANA. Nov. 17.— At a ' meeting
last night of forty veteran Cuban.offi
cers, it was agreed unanimously that
President Palma erred in declaring: that
the army would accent less than the
amounts credited in the Gomez com
mission's list and appointed a commit
tee to request General Gomez to inform
the President that the aTmy of libera
tion was not disposed to yield a single
cent of the. amount legally accredited
to l€
N'EW YORK. Nov. 1 7. — Mrs. Roosevelt,
the wife of the President, was in New
York to-day to meet her sister, Mrs.
Carew. who returned from Italy to-day
on the steamer Statcndaam.
5
MATBIMONIAL
COMEDY OF THE
THANKSQIVING
• TXTRKEY
You'll Boar With Laughter at
f This Story in the > ; ;
§Vim, Vigor. Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLrf
have t*eo in '. use over fifty
}'sre by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their
follower*. 1'osttivdy cure tne
*om cas*« In dd and yountf
tiriflng from eflecta of e«U-
sfcun*. (SlEelpation, excesses or
""Uitrftte unokinK. Cure Lost
Mar.hood. Imrtrteiicjr. Loet
Power. Nlfht Losses," Insom-
nia, Fatns In Back. Evil Desires. Ume Back
Nervous Debility. Headache, Uh£tnes« to Mar-
ry. Lew of Sem*n. a Varlcocele or Con-
•Upatlon. Stop Nf-r **%¦&§ vou» Twitching oi
Eyelids. Effects are^ J~^ lmmf liate. Impart
vicor and poinnp^cnTSio ev »-ry function.
lJont cet deepond^nu a cure is at hand. R*-
>««» wnall. -undeveloped organs. Stimulate
' t!,r brain «r.d nerve centers; 60c a box- 0 for
f2 50 by mail. A written ruarantee to cure or-
money refunded with 0 boxee. Circulars free
Aodrew BISHOP ItEMnDY CO.. 4<i . ElHi rt
Can FrsnriKO, CaL URANT DRUGS CO 33
and 40 Third *t- "
Bears the /^^ s/Gjj jstJ*
For Infants and Children.
CASTOR I A
Tto Kind You Hare Always Bought
'¦ompclled to have what I had left clip-
pod very close. A friend recommended
Newbros Hrrpicide. I confess that I
doubted his utory; !>ut I gave Herpicide
a trial: now my hair is as thick as ever
and entirely free from dandruff." "De-
Ftroy the cause, you remove the effect."
Hr-rpiride is a delightful hair dressing
for regular use. Sold by leading drug-
piit«. Send lOr in stamps for sample to
Tlio Horpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
II. B. FlcU-her. Butte. Mont., Oct. 20.
IK99. says: "Like many other people, f
liavp boon troubled for years with dan-
rtruflf. and within the last few months!
my hair came out so badly that I was
&ms Cored, "Without Faith.
A BO4TBTHTG THO2XAS.
Had His TtLUing Hair Stopped, and JJaa-
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
This remedy, which is sold by all
druggists at . the low price of fifty
cents, is in suppository form, is ap-
plied directly to the parts affected, and
performs its work quietly and pain-
lessly. The Pyramid Drug Co/, Mar-
shall, Mich., will mail free to any ad-
dress a book telling 'all about piles or
hemorrhoids.^their cause and cure.
A suggestion is offered that. if the
reader is afflicted, or knows any one
who is, this book be sent for, as, it will
be found invaluable. : >' ; : • '
The writer personally knows people
who were afflicted with the worst form
of bleeding and protruding piles and
who were permanently cured by the
use of Pyramid ; Pile Cure. In every
one of these cases the attending phy-
sician ' had assured ' the sufferer ; that
only by an operation could he rid him-
self of the disease; so much for the in-
fallibility of the doctors.
The present day surgeon appears to
be possessed by a mania for operating,
especially in cases of hemorrhoids or
piles, and while the greater number of
the profession do not recommend this
"last resort" unless they honestly be-
lieve It necessary, the fact remains that
much needless operating is done, - and
the patient put to much expense and
suffering for what? ,
To obtain a possible temporary re-
lief; these words are used advisedly,
because in nine cases out of ten the
affliction returns and the patient is
Just where he started from. Often-
times he could be cured much more
simply and easily by the use of such
a remedy as the Pyramid Pile Cure;
this has come to be recognized as the
best remedy on the market for
the painful disease named, and the
druggists now sell more of it than 'all
other pile remedies combined.
Has it ever been your unhappy lot
to be* told by your physician that you
must go to a hospital and submit to
an- operation? If so, you remember
¦with what dread and shrinking you
awaited the day when you must endure
the 'knife. '
AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The cold snap of the past few days has prompted us to
have a special sale in underwear, to get you interested in our
underwear department. Garments which were formerly $1.25
will now be sold for 85c each, or $1 .70 a suit.
One of the materials js lamb's wool, in blue, flesh, tan.
nut brown and black, and also striped effects in colors; the
other material is Dr. Wright's wool-fleeced underwear in tan
and gray mottled ; the material is soft and fleecy and will not
scratch or shrink ; the garments are trimmed with silk and
satin; good pearl buttons," double-seated drawers; the under-
wear is the proper weight for winter wear.
The regular price is $1.25. Special now at
O3C a garment
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
740 Market Street
IOC GS&tnhl*iC 7C ¦ Sh ° P Mornin S s — now if y° u Possibly can. You IZlC L&GGS 5O
¦ \- '-¦- .- j , will be more than repaid for coming down earlv in
A little more than 3000 yards of a sub- the day , by the extra attention we will be able to\ivc To-day only we offer a large lot
stantial, well made, white cambric,, 36 j\ l • j j.- i. r n. i. r l i-j~ nf <snlf>nHiH \vs<;h lsrp<; at Ipcc
inches wide, suitable for underwear, you and by having first pick of the bef ore-holiday OT Splendid Wash laces at leSS
skirts, children's wear, etc., a 10c 'y^. bargains we are now offering daily. * tnan nail tneir actual Wortn.
value) for Wednesday only; yard ..f O They are imitation Torchons in
Underskirt Patterns— Made of fine outing ' **//^ £7^ ¦ *> more than a hundred new and
cloth, with woven border bottom, fancy pretty patterns, worth Up to 12^C
"stitched edge, in medium solid colors; a &&&J ii&J^Id&uZdd£/jtffl a yard; for Wednesday, fijr*
SOc _ value; on special- sale at, 2£ G ¦ > D ~J"V^~™!Z2Z**=** y 0U r Choice at ** G
Big Siik Sale Continues To-Day This DoSi 23c
24-inch Extra Heavy Pongees— w i:h white and b'.kck 23-inch BhcK Taflcta — Our excellent "guaranteed" jS^h Excellent Inde-
embroidery, choice silks that will make very handsome, kind, every yard warranted, extra heavy and lustroui; , ' • « „ .-
dresses and .hire waist,; were regularly sold at $u *5 "iuble for skirt, lining, etc; regularly - 5 ».oo .W*M Sl ™ Uhl * DoUS - 17
ytrd-ipecially - marked for Wednesday qGg% the . > ard -« n - 11 c ° sin S "me to-n.ght . . QQq M2^ inches tall, have
on 'y . . . . %*+*& ,\ • * • * * ' • '* * * 1 • .•• :• \^ IW TiA l° n 2 flowing mo-
„ J \ .. j 36-inch Bhck Tailcta-An extra soft finish and war- /ff , l'\ h .: r , vi * .,„„.
24-inch Crystal Cords-Extra heavy quality; a good "^j"; givc S3thfactorv Wear;; full yard wide, W j I) W1 * S ' Sle , CP
wearing silk, suitable for shirt waists and evening regularly $ 1.50 yard — on sale until {fkf 4E€? \\ ' if m2 eyCS ' *
wear; always sold regularly at J 1. 00 yard; -jq closing time to-night . . , 4 , . .'". .*pB*9j%9 \\ I j I fancy lace
until closing time to-night,, special at. ... W** Main A &£ W I *-fl| trimmed chemise;
19-inch Liberty Satin— A soft, serv- t9-hich Pcav de Cygne— For waists 20-inch Corkscrew SilK—Oce of this >//./// 'Ml a very s P ec i?l
iceablc material that will not break and, costumes, light and service- vvinter's novelty weaves, one of the // /// II |* value for Wednes-
or crack, suitable for street or able; one 01 the daintiest ma- most serviceable and prc'ty weaves *LJJj ly^ day only
evening wear; the colors nile, pink, terials for fall wear, and extra we have ever carried; full value at f^ r^J .... £*^EBm
light b!uc, cream, navy fine value — per'yard. , the Emporium price; \ I t
and cardinal— yard .. 60O -. . . ..... . . . 73C yard. *. . . . . . $1aOO IjU Main Aisle.
Women's Jackots Millinery r Bargains women's Flannelette ,
Many New Arrivals of Imported Model Hats— Exquisite creations from the ' NJghtGowns and
Moderately Priced Garments m0!t famous Parisian ' milliners, ail that now re- PetUcoats Underprioed
_ „ . main of our beautiful models for fall and winter Ladies' Gowns— Of fancy striped flannelette, z
Ihere IS every 1903-4, hats that were - originally marked from styles; Hubbard style, double yoke back, turn
r^j3%ga£iffi[ - £0od reason why < 25.00 to 540.00 — your 4ft<7*7 """tfil ever collar and bishop sleeves; yoke, collar and
df*^ **ffi/^s\ y° u should come choice now %pU £ m%&%3 sleeve braid trimmed, colors piak and white and
\tJ Xi X here first and last Special Line 0! Turbans— Felt, velvet and braid bice and white; each ........ 5Oc
swCj^n-cil \ for your new wrap hats, trimmed in all the latest cffecis, with Ladies' Gowns— Two styles, one of fancy stnped
/ilW' r'/or gown. In point plumes, pompons, aigrettes and breasts; also flmncettc, and one of solid color daisy cloth,
[t\ 1 |n 1^ Of Style, assort- b!ack and French sailor hats in the new winter Hubbard style, double yoke back, turn over col-
// \ 1 II ment, lowneSS Of colorings and neatly trimmed; also bonnets and- Iar, bishop slceve.ftncy braid trimmed; ea SffO
I J 1 U J price and Service, toques, designed by our own skilled milliners and fimmed Ladies' Gowns — Good quality solid* color daisy
K V\\ 11/ we are unexcelled' with plumes, breasts and aigrettes, values <^4J *filflS c;o:h flajineJctte, yoke effect with large sailor
r /ill If Have you experi- fr ° m J8 - 5 ° t0 S lo -°°- n0W on » lc at *P&b+2'%2 collar, fancy braid trimming and bishop sleeves;
/' / //I i\ enced irritating Women's Trimmed Hats— A grand lot made up by colors, pink, blue and white . .. . .$3,25
/ 1 1 // I v\ mistits and delays our own mihiners; styles, material and workman. Ladies' Short Petticoats— Jast what is needed for
/>!.// $ ' W inalterations else- ship the same that we actually put into? 6. 50 chilly weather; flannelette in fancy stripes and
T^b/ /f i W where? Let US and J7. 50 hats — no two hats alike in fhe lot — so'id colors, with deep flounce . . . . SOc
\(}li \\l I |\ \ • y. ,'niiWncr z^ marked at one attractive spc- gfb jra ff%£* Short FJannelette Petticoats— Solid color da' sy cloth, made
I// ffl U sno\V younow per- c ial price each &*&*&& wnh dejp fl.uncc with .ilk crocheted edg=; colors pink, blue
\ WL y- \ fectly and promp- * an d wht? 75©
\ 1^ \ ly we Can fit yOU. an~.~-. ~.'~~^2JL m ~, .^ Ladies' K-.it Petticoats— Full width and finished edge, in solid
. , . , , t ¦< • .... GunnaryitfeGessMi&s $1.00
new arrivals in Jackets for middle- ** udies* Knit Petticoats-AH wool, fan width, with finey
aged and elderly women, including odd fQr Blfoe§B$tZS$§BWSni% crochct ed s : ; b!ack » nav x. red » P ink » bIu - ini whItc SU39
Sizes — 33 tO 45 bust. SW Slf Flnnr
Women', Cheviot Jackei,-a6 inches long, all M in lined. The celebratsd Universal Chopper-Chops all
tailor made and stitched; unumii value; — n - kinds of meat and vegetables raw, or cooked, grs&mok ffUffBDvneas* Q**4f
at the Emporium price &MOaOU either fine, medium or' coarse. You need . ¦ BBB92 BJBBBBB1SB %9%SB,
Women's Jackets-Of blind cheviot, * 7 in. tf#o __ one for the preparation of your mince meat S»tf»f*£»#Tfo— I#S*l/ifiZW*fl
long.satin lined, handsomely finished; only 9iOmY& and plum pudding; instead of $1.25 6$4£j* %*$sxs%*B*um b zji w*2ymp-f
Women's Jacket* (like picture)— Montenac cheviot, Skinner each, to-day special at .*&%*%* 5 o-piece Semi- Porcelain Dinner Set for 6 persons —
satin line J, t, i inches long, many rows of stitching front and purjrjing Moulds • • • 35 C, 50c S3HtI 75c Sage green decorations, gold traced handles, new
926.50. Drips™ Wc an d3Sc s6 -' 5! °° r ' f S4ao
Second Floor-Front. - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ Chopplnf Bowb . ...... lOcfOSOo Bohem|!m Scl-Greenor'bta; g l,,,," E oia
•— — —^ — mmmmmmmmm ~ "~ m — ¦— ¦"¦^¦""¦^¦¦¦~ 1 ™" n oast - . jr — . anc j flower decoration, large pitcher, 6 tumblers.
Groceries-Liquors £-f£- Am/ \ |^^||ipl^ia^
Wednesday Only ers , made of J=tg=ig$jj. Bohemian Class L'quor Set— Decanter with handle, 6 glasses
Whole Wheat or Graham Flour— lo-lb sack . . . . 27 C refined iron t ' "^ * '"-J5^^^^ with handles, en glass tray with golden flower decoration,
Sand Soap— Stryker'sj 15 bars SOC fitted with « 3 ular price Ji. 50; special to-day only QQq
S'edcd Raisins -Or rcdeaned currants; 3 pkgs . . . 25O rack for rest, c:^^^^^M'^^^^^~^5=^ Turkey P.'atfs-Roval flow blue, thin as china, p'cture cf
Kona Coffee- Our famous Hawaiian brand; lb . . . t9o nickel plated V^^^^^^^^^^^ turkey in center, fancy edges; per do«n . . . $3.OO
Uncolored Japan-New, extra ra!ue at 40c; to-day, lb 2OC ventilator, \L \^^^^^ Thin Blown Table GJasiware -With a dainty lace pattern
_, . r ,, „ o»« , ,11 j j i **^J?l^^''^ engraved on each puce— % v ;.
Asti Claret-- 3 years old; gallon <f/O handled and targe Goblets, doz . $2.50 Wine Glasjes, doz $tm9O
A^ V. H. Gin— Ginuine imported; bottle .... $1,42 footed, best roaster made — . Champagne Glassei, dozen Cordial GIasses,doz StmSO
Cider— Bjst Eastern, sweet; gallon • ••.... . 45O S!ze 1—^8^x14x6 inches. . . . 75o S2.5O Lemonade Gbs-es, dozen
Choice Whiskies-Old Hermitage and Old Crow Bourbons; Size 2— io"kx 1 6x7 l£ inches . . . 85o Claret Glasses, doz $2.0O $2.25
gallon. . . . . . $3.15; bottle . .... . 82o c:_ e , , , ,/. , 7 i/r8 V inch-s «f /l/l ' Dainty China Ramikins— On pUtes, tinted in bine,. pink or
Brandy-ChoiceCalifornia, pure grape, regularly 53-OO R al- *** 3 » /6" 7^*8^ inch J $1.OO green, with delicate , pray of tlowerr, per dozen . .^. 6 O
ion, to-day. ... . $2.50; bottle . . . . 8O0 Section 24— Right. Section 20, Main Floor.
THE EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM
THE. EMPORIUM
THE EMPORIUM
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Gold Weather Special in
UnderwearJohn Hays Hammond . telegraphed
that, he would attend the convention
if possible. President Belshaw in re
sponse asked Hammond to address the
delegates.
An invitation was received from
State Mineralogist Aubury to visit the
State Mining Bureau.
The delegates then settled down con-
Samuel Shortridge made a speech In
favor of the institution of a national
department of mines and mining, in
which there were flashes of fun. Presi
dent Belshaw appealed to the risibili
ties of the house by defining the differ
ence between the miner and the mining
operator. "The miner," he said,
"makes his money in the mine and
comes to the city to spend It. The
mining operator makes his money in
the city and goes to the mines to
spend it."
Colonel Hanbury and Captain Hart
of the California Debris Commission
spoke briefly. Colonel Hanbury said
that aa a member of the commission
he was pleased to meet the miners.
He wished to do what he could for the
miners. He also had the Interests of
the agriculturists to consider. Captain
Hart followed the lead of Colonel Han-
Bury In Baying little. Both commis
sioners were complimented with a
round of applause. ' ¦
problems of mining through the
agency of papers read by men identi
fied with mining Interests. The day
was not dull by any means. It took
on the color of humor on occasions.
THE California Miners' Conven
tion proceedings of yesterday
were principally devoted to
scientific discussion of various
The mines on the mother lode were
minutely described by the speaker, who
compared the strata and fissures of the
mines of one county with those of other
counties, all proving the presence of
the mother lode. The structural and
geological formations were explained
with minute detail by the speaker, who
further stated that In some portions
of Calaveras County the gold bearing
veins ran down to a depth of 3000 feet
VALUE ; OF CALIFORNIA SLATE.'
"Slate Making" was the subject of
the paper presented to the convention
by.C.H. Dunton of Placervllle, who is
connected with the Eureka Slate Com
pany, the only organization quarrying
for slate in California. The speaker
compared the formation of California
slate with that of Eastern States and
showed that the California product was
far ahead of, the Eastern formations
He stated that the -slate beds ; in El
Dorado County j were inexhaustible and
that , the slate possessed the qualities
demanded for good" roofing. The Cali
fornia slate also had the quality of
being a, non-conductor of heat It re
sisted acids, it could- be split into thin
sheets and also wrought into designs.
Ex-Senator E. C. Voorhies read a
very interesting paper on "The Use of
Crude Oil in Roasting Sulphurets."
He explained how the former wood
burning furnaces had been converted
into crude oil burners and spoke of
the vast Improvement achieved by the
new method of applying heaf. He de
scribed the power of the flame from
the oil burner and said It could be
thrown into any part of the furnace
where the ores were being treated.
Senator Voorhles stated that by the
use ,of crude oil the capacity of the
roasting furnaces had been increased
one-fifth over the capacity when wood
was used as fuel and that the new
method :was a decided success. He
also compared the cost of using wood
and crude oil as fuel for the furnaces
and the saving of expense by the wise
use of fuel.
"The Mother Lode" was the Bubject
of an address by ex-State Mineralogist
W. H. Storms. The address was lis
tened to with marked interest and the
speaker was heartily cheered at the
close of his remarks. He described the
peculiar formations in the various
counties of the State, which indicate
the presence of the mother lode, which
varied from a width of ten feet in Ama
dor County to three miles in Calaveras
County. ¦' . '
In the fiscal year 1900 the income of
the 'mints of America was $12,381,966 51,
while all operating expenses were
$1,737,625 66, leaving a net profit of $10,
,644,340 85.
FURNACES USE FUEL OIL.
Superintendent' Leach then explained
how all the mints in America were on
the same basis, being under the super
vision of the director of the mint,
branch mints having been abolished
some years ago."
that it was impossible to return the
actual gold to the owner who brought
it to the Mint and who desired to have
It coined. Such a process would be
very expensive.
The speaker then described the pro
portions ¦ of gold and silver usually
found In the bullion and dust. # He ex
plained that a person who brought gold
buUion to the Mint did not receive the
value -for the- weight of the metal.
Fifty ounces of bullion might contain
eight ounces of silver and the Govern
ment paid for the gold and silver sep
arately.
He then explained the various sums
charged by the Mint for melting and
for the proportion of silver that always
remained in the gold after it had pass
ed through the melting process.
"Fine, gold" was explained to be 990
parts pure gold in each 1000 parts, 990
being the standard* for fine gold. The
remaining ten parts of the 1000 would be
silver or base metals.
•AH' around, ; this -will- be a busy day
for the miners. Two: or three papers
may be read.' The committees on dams,
on mineral lands bill; on the revision >df'
the constitution and by-laws of the as
sociation and the committee on resolu-"
tions will report. Then the annual elec
tion of officers will also take place. " ,
A. Caminetti is reported to be a can
didate for the office of president of the
association for the year ensuing.'.There
is a strong move also to retain .'C.7M.
Belshaw as president." There .'¦ Is %;-.not
much 'actlvd lobbying visible. Accord
ing to the ! work already >r mapped . out
there will be enough forthe president
who shall be : elected to do.
' In the present, convention, as a dele
gate, is former Congressman Caminetti.
He was principally instrumental in get
ting through the bill that bears •> his
name, which, after the famous injunc
tion in the North Bloomfield case, and
consequent complete tying . up of 9 the
hydraulic mining of the State, enabled
the miners, when ) permits were issued
to them, the resume hydraulicking un
der the supervision and restrictions*-im
posed by the California Debris Commis
sion. ' . , . . . ..
William C. Ralston, former president
of the California Miners' Association,
was spoken . of last evening as the
probable champion who would voice
the wishes and defend the attitude of
the miners. The statements made 1 by
Secretary Benjamin about "spies under
pay of the Anti-Debris Association" Is
a brand sure to communicate fire to the
controversy when it begins to rageJ
The fight will be to prevent the asso
ciation from putting itself on record in
favor of the hydraulic programme. The
miners say their purpose is to proceed
strictly within the terms of the Cami
netti law, but that they desire all, the
rights to which that law entitles them.
The events of to-day are eagerly awaitl
ed. The miners think there la ..little
doubt that their information is correct
and that Johnson will be on hand when
the proper time comes to make opposi
tion.
j as the champion or attorney of the
Anti-Debris Association.
Professor Christy then detailed freely
in. a paper that will be published by
the California Miners' Association the
various processes and results involved
in his experiments which covered a pe
riod of years. He told of apparatus; of
determinations concerning what is
commercially valuable or otherwise in
the line of sulphurets; in fact, opened
to the wondering and scientifically in
clined miners a new domain. The gen
eral public may not be Interested in the
methods, but the significance will ap
pear from some general statements
made, by Professor Christy In the be
ginning. ; ,
This was in substance th'at he had
been engaged between six and seven
years experimenting at the laboratory
of the University of California. There
was a time when a mine would not be
worked unless the free gold was suffi
cient to pay a profit. There were limi-
tentedly to a day of listening to pa
pers regarding mining problems. The
first of the series was by E. A. Rix,
in which the subject of "Compressed
Air in Mining" was admirably treated
from the purely technical point of view.
Then came an address by Professor S.
B. Christy of the University of Califor
nia on "Cyaniding of Sulphurets."
Miners who listened to this address
declared that the information imparted
by Professor Christy would be worth
millions of dollars to the mining in
dustry of California. The speaker pre
faced his remarks regarding cyaniding
by the statement that he had been in
vited by capitalists to engage with
them in enterprises based upon the dis
coveries made by him in laboratory
relating to the cyaniding of sulphurets.
He had made no engagement ' with
them. . . .
' F. 'A. Leach," superintendent of the
San Francisco Mint, addressed 1 the con
vention on "Modern Mint Methods."
He told how bullion and gold dust were
received at the 'mint and the various
stages they went through before the
owners were paid for their gold. He de
scribed- the methods of . receiving;; the
gold; the weighing, melting and assay
ing and coining. the precious ijietal Into
money for general use. He explained
Professor Christy said that he had
discovered that one pound of Iron, es
pecially where it was in a powdery
form, was capable of destroying seven
pounds of the cyanide of potassium.
He had found that the old-fashioned
arastra was an excellent agency for
crushing the ore. Huge blocks of stone
were dragged over the ore. The aras
tra was lined with cement. -Coarse sul
phurets carried the values. . Fine ones
yielded readily.
A flint mill was used^successfully in
the processes. This device could be im
proved by a revolving cylinder of Iron
lined with concrete. The best form of
apparatus would be a cylinder with a
cone. Professor Christy said, that he
had extracted 99 per cent of the gold in
pyrites in half an hour. It-was not easy
to remove the cyanide solution from the
ore. The mode of decantation as com
pared with filtration was preferable.
Filtration was physically possible, but
impracticable.. Ninety to 95 per cent of
the gold in sulphurets could be extract
ed profitably where five to ten/ tons
were worked , per day. A smaller
amount,, as the 'cost would be large for
facilitfes, would not pay.
Samuel Shortridge *spoke about the
various departments of the . Federal
Government and declared that no one
man could run the Government— "no,
nor any Individual newspaper either."
This thrust at the Hearst newspapers
brought forth laughter. Various inter
ests in the country,,, Mr.. Shortridge
said, had secured, by keeping at It, de
partments to foster their work. | The
agriculturists had a department.
Recently the Department j of . Com
merce had been created. The farmers
of the. country were said to have been
born "like native sons, kicking." They
make their kicking good by securing
the institution of the Department of
Agriculture. There was good in kick
ing. The miners should keep at what
they are seeking to have accomplished
and should kick some. Mr. Shortridge
said that while the 'resources of Call-,
f ornia" were varied and to j some -¦ .ex
tent independent, the mining industry
could, If agriculture, commerce' and
manufacturing in California should sud
denly be stricken with disaster, go it
alone. Concerning the value_of kick
ing, a story was about v the two
frogs In. the milkpan. One grew faint
hearted, sank and was drowned. , The
other frog kept kicking until the milk
was turned to butter. Then he climbed
out onTthe butter. ' . ¦ -
EXPULINS MINT METHODS.
tatlons to • chlorlnation. There were
many mines in the- State where the per
centage of -sulphurets" was not high;
many more in which ..there were $25
sulphurets to the ton. than'*125 to the
ton. There were ores in" which the gold
ran only $3 to the ton, whereas the sul
phurets, if extracted, .would be worth
many times that sum. How to get* out
the sulphurets profitably? That has
been one of the great"problems of mod
ern mining. Professor Christy proceed
ed to tell about that.
Sulphurets, he said, are not all the
same. The simplest are those that con
tain only iron pyrites -and gold. In
some sulphurets the gold Is mechani
cally inclosed. In others it is chemical
ly combined. Where the gold is chem
ically combined the difficulty of treat
ment is greater. Ore at $3 per ton had
been determined to contain sulphurets
worth $27 per ton. S
DAMAGE BY LEON. '
In closing his address Mr. Dunton
stated that $1,000,000 worth of American
slate roofing had been exported in the
last year and that there was a good
opportunity for the investment of cap
ital in the industry in California, but
it would require a quarter of a million
dollars to properly equip and operate
a quarry.
F. W. Griffin dealt with the subject of
"Gold Dredging" in the paper- he pre
sented to the convention. He described
the dredgers now in use In California
and in other parts of the world and how
by their use it was possible to work on
land that was formerly considered of
no value. The machinery of the dredg
ers was explained and the method by
which gold-bearing sand was drawn ud
and passed over screens and tables with
Mr. Dunton then dwelt upon the "pro
cess of pressure in ages of long ago
that resulted in the formation of the
slate deposits and gave a description
of the quarries with which he Is con
nected and the method of -using an
aerial tramway for conveying the slate
to the railroad at fPlacerville.
The advantages of slate for roofing
were shown by comparative figures,
proving the life- of slate to be seventy
years, as against fifteen years for
shingles. The cost of repairing a slate
roof was one-third as much as that of
its cheapest competitor, the shingle
roof.'
Scientific Dissertations on Processes for Handling Ores and the Appli
cation of Power Are Mixed With Some Fun.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17.— In resolu
tions unanimously adopted at a meet
ing of the State Anti-Debris Associa
tion in this city to-day the association
declares the hydraulic miners should
realize that the conditions that form
erly prevailed In California can never
be resumed and that the navigable
rivers and agricultural Interests of the
Sacramento Valley must not be sacri
ficed to private gain. The resolutions
were brought forth as stated in the
preamble by the published reports that
an effort will be made at the Miners'
Association Convention in San Fran
cisco to take steps to prevent the Anti-
Debris Association in the prosecution
draullc mining injurious to the rivers
of the Sacramento Valley and adjoining
lands.
The resolutions declare that the Anti-
Debris Association shall not be deterred
in the work it is doing by any such
threats; that it has no war against any
other kind of mining than hydraulic,
and only then when such mining is in
jurious to the valley Interests. The
resolutions assert that the association
has no power to stop any hydraulic
mine, unless it is run contrary to law,
and that the declaration made by the
officers of the Miners' Association that
efforts should be made to stop the Anti-
Debris Association in the prosecution
of suits against hydraulic miners doing
injury is a declaration that they will
not be bound by the laws of the coun
try.
"All that we ask," the resolutions
proceed, "is the protection tc the prop
erty interests of the valley guaranteed
us by the constitution and laws of the
land, and that protection we shall
have."
The resolutions were presented by
Dr. D. P. Durst of Tuba County. M.
J. Dillman, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors of Sacramento County, pre
sided at the meeting. The association
is made up of representatives from val
ley counties.
OPPOSES i HYDRAUUCSINO.
"Hydraulic mining would be exten
sively renewed within the area drained
by Weaver Creek and Its branches if
suitable provision could be made for
preventing the resulting debris from
reaching the navigable rivers of the
Sacramento Valley. With the view of
determining the feasibility of the erec
tion of such a barrier In Weaver Creek
as would successfully bring about this
result, your committee has made care
ful examination of a site for a dam
on that creek which is admirably
adapted to such purpose.
'Tour committee estimates that a
dam constructed at this point fifty feet
in height would back water up Weaver
Creek for about one mile, and that It
would have an average width of about
one-half mile, thus covering an area
These general facts are known to the
members of the Anti-Debris Associa
tion, through the complete report of
Betehaw's rpeeeh as it was reported in
The Call yesterday morning. The re
port of the El Dorado County Miners'
Association committee was published In
the mining news of The Call last Sat
urday morning. Some extracts from
the report are repeated that the sit
uation as represented may be fully un
derstood by the general public. The
report contains the following passages:
WHAT EL DORADO WAITTS.
Subsequently Mr. Plckett from El
Dorado County read his report on the
Weaver Creek dam. and it was referred
to the committee on dams, which will
report favorably. The committee on
resolutions will also probably introduce
a resolution to-day, in its report, em
bodying In substance the ideas ex
prefsed by President Eelshaw about
hydraulicking.
tion will come off to-day. The story
was about the Lick House, the head
quarters of the delegates to the con
vention, lact night that Grove L. John-
Bon of Sacramento, appearing as a del
egate, will oppose. In bahalf of the Anti-
Debris Association, the aim of the mi
ners, as set forth in President C M.
Belshaw'e address, referring to hy
draulic rowing. The words spoken bj
Belshaw are here repeated:
"During the last year nothing has
been doao along the line for which the
association was first formed, that is to
make hydraulic mining onoe more pos
sible In this State. I believe that good
work should be done along this line.
"I have been credibly Informed that
by placing a dam In Weaver Creek, El
Dorado County, at a cost of not to ex
ceed $35,000, a majority of the hydraulic
mines in that county will be enabled to
resume work. In my judgment this as
sociation should appoint a committee to
Investigate this matter, with power to
give the indorsement of the association
to the building of this dam, and if the
plan meets with their approval, to urge
upon the State and Federal officials the
necessity and feasibility of the work.
It is our duty to foster hydraulio min
ing under the Caminetti act, and we
Ehould lend financial aid, if need be, to
those who are endeavoring to mine un
der the law and are meeting with or
ganized opposition."
When Belshaw made these state
ments there eat In front of him the
chairman of the El Dorado .County Mi
ners' Association committee, instructed
to enlist the aid of the California Mi
ners' Association In Its attempt to have
a dam to restrain debris built on Weav
er Creek, that hydraulic mining may
l»e resumed in El Dorado County on a
large scale. The delegates to the con
vention, who numbered about 250, as
reported by the committee on creden
tials, applauded the utterances of their
president. No one rose after the ad
dress to express any dissent. The con
vention, seemingly, was of the same
mind as President Belshaw.
IT Is predicted by the delegates that
the hottest flgnt that has ever taken
place on the floor of a convention
of the California Miners' Associa-
riffles while the tailings were deposited
some distance In the rear of the dredge.
Mr. Griffin stated that $4,500,000 was
Invested In gold dredges In California,
and of this amount only $200,000 had
been subscribed by residents of the
State. With a dredge having a month
ly capacity of 40,000 cubic yards, the
cost of dredging one cubic yard is 6!i
cents, while with a machine with a ca
pacity of 70,000 cubic yards the cost of
dredging one cubic yard is less than 5
cents.
SUPPORT OF CONGRESSMEN.
President Belshaw read letters from
Congressmen T. A. Bell and J. N. Gil
lette, who are now In 'Washington at
tending the extra session of Congress.
Both expressed their hearty sympathy
with the alms of the Miners' Associa
tion and pledged, themselves to support
any legislation that may be desired.
C. H. Dunton and Thomas Clark were
added by the president to the commit
tee on revision of the constitution . of
the association. •
A committee of three members was
.appointed to draft a memorial to the
members of the association who have
died during the last year. The presi
dent appointed Senator Voorhles, J. B.
Tregloan and C. S. Osborne.
Harry P. Stow of the Forbes .Town
mine, Butte County, presented afpaper
on "The Use of Canvas Plants in Con
centrating."
The principal points dwelt upon were
that length of canvas was more essen
tial than the width; that the gold-bear
ing pulp should be run over two tables
and that water should not be used un
der pressure in cleaning the canvas
sheets of their precious deposits. He
also advocated the use of many set
tling boxes under the canvas- plants.
The convention then adjourned until
this morning at 9:30.
Anti - Slickens Men
Send Attorney to
Speak.
Opposing Bodies Are
Expecting a
Clash.
Thrown Gauntlet May
Be Taken Up
Promptly.
FIGHT OVER PROPOSITION TO RESUME HYDRAULICKING IN STATE
MAY CAUSE WARM DEBATE IN CONVENTION OF CALIFORNIA MINERS
Christy Opens Up
Some Facts About
Cyanide.
Committees Ready to
Make Their Re
ports.
Annual Election of the
Officers Is Now
Near.
~~ ' THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
PERSONS PROMINENT IN DELIBERATIONS AT STEINWAY HALL CONCERNING GOLD PRODUCING INDUSTRY
A great stir has been caused among
the members of the Anti-Debris Asso
ciation by reason of these several ut
terances proceeding from the leading
officers of the California Miners' Asso
ciation, This has led, so the story runs,
to a determination to light the hydrau
lic proposition on the floor of the con
vention to-day, with Grove L. Johnson
JOHNSON TO APPEAR.
of at leapt S20 acres, and having a ca
pacity when filled of more than 12,000,
000 cubic yards of material. Inasmuch
as the dam would be several miles
down the creek from where the prin
cipal mining operations would be car
ried on and the coarser part of the
dislodged material would never reach
the site of the dam. your committee be
lieves it safe to assume that such a
dam would provide for the dislodge
ment of at least 50,000,000 cubic yards
of material as it now lies in the banks
to be mined and would impound and
restrain the same above the proposed
barrier for all time to come."
In addition to this, the substance of
a letter by Secretary Benjamin of the
California Miners' Association has been
made public, In which the following
statements of purpose were made:
"It Is claimed by many that the Anti-
Debris Association is largely of the
blackmail order, and that mines are
permitted to run that pay tribute to
the spies of the association and that
legitimate miners are ¦ estopped. It is
also purposed to urge at the next ses
sion of the Legislature of this State ap
propriations for the construction of
dams in various parts of the State that
will materially aid in rehabilitating the
great industry of hydraulic mining. An
appproprlation of $800,000 has been se
cured and the Government engineers
are at the present time engaged in con
structing barriers In Yuba County
which it Is hoped will materially aid
the hydraulic miners In the regions be
hind these structures. There are many
other places in the State where dams
can be built that will greatly aid the
mining Industry, and it is purposed to
urge this matter vigorously at the com
ing convention."
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Blight's Disease and
Diabetes News.
SAX .FRANCISCO. Nov., 16. 1903.—
Mr. and Mrn. Peter Jorgensen of Two
Rock, Sonoma County, called at our
office Wednesday. Nov. 11. He looked
and felt perfectly well and was enjoying
a pleasure trip to this city, but the fol-
lowing was his condition In- January of
this year:
He •was-, Insensible and had been for
three days." was blind, his legs, were so
swollen with dropsy that they could not
be crossed, and he was passing from
one convulsion Into another, being the
culmination of a chronic case of Brlght's
Disease. His death was expected hour-
ly, and neighbors were in to be with his
wife at the end. The attending physi-
cian said medicine was powerless. An-
other physician was called in. and know-
Ing the claims made for Fulton's Com-
pound he euggested a trial. He did not
.have the slightest idea anything could
be done, but He knew the case was be-
yond orthodox medicine.
The compound was forced between
clenched teeth. The second day he be-
gan to raliy. -The third he regained con-
sciousness and declared that the head-
aches, (uraemic). which are at times
excruciating in thes« extreme cases, had
disappeared. In a week he showed
marked improvement, bis sight began to
return, the dropsy started down and In
a month he was out and over his farm
as usual. He has - now felt well for
many months and his trip to this city
is purely for pleasure, but his recovery
was so remarkable he r.nd his wife call-
ed to relate their experience. The phy-
sician Is one of the best In Sonoma
County and was as much surprised ns
anybody at this seeming miracle al-
though it was his own suggestion that
saved the patient's life, and he and the
neighbors will freely confirm the above
facts to inquirers.
Briglit's Disease and Diabetes are now
curable by the Fulton Compounds In
about £7 per cent of ail cases. Jno. J
Pulton Co.. 409 Washington St., San
Francisco, Sole Compounders.
Send for literature and list of agents.
JL'O. J. FULTON CO.
Right for Everyday Wear,. $1.95 I
It doesn't make any difference what shape yoa want in an .1
every-day hat, we can give it to you for $1.95. H
We coiild enumerate the different shapes, bat a better way ' I
for you to get an idea as to what looks best on you is to come in . I
and try on some of the hats. You won't be urged to buy. Merely I
tell the salesman you came in to look. He will show the. hats
and leave the buying to you.
As we buy our stock of 'hats direct from the manufacturers . ;
we can sell them for much less than exclusive stores. Come in
some time and see if one of these $1.95 hats "isn't just what --you ¦-¦¦• \
want for every-day wear.
Out-of-Town Orders Filled— Write Us. %
SNWOOO&Q)
740 Market Street I*Representative Men
S Present Their
Views.
Purposes of Advisory
Board Are Ex
plained.''
Grand Army Bloomers.
McKinley Circle No. 31 of the La
dies of the Grand Army will Rive a
bloomer party to-night in Native Sons'
Hall, on Seventeenth street In addi
tion to dancine. which will commence
at 9 o'clock, there will be a short pro
gramme of entertainment made up of
music. Eonsa and specialties.
Captain Martin has discovered the
owner of a small black valise contain
ing a number of documents in French
and passports in the name of E. Devil
lers. which was found by a boy under
a. pile of boards in a lumber yard at
Oak avenue and Bryant street. Devil
lers was an inmate of the Almshouse
end left there on November 10. Since
then an inmate received a letter from
him from San Jose, saying he was on
his way to Fresno and would ultimate
!y reach Los Angeles. It is supposed
that Devillers hid the valise, as he did
not wish to be burdened with it.
Owner of Valise Discovered.
"It is Important that every care
should be taken for one district
not to injure another by. pulling the
other district down to build up your
own. This 'knocking' has done more
to Injure Central and Northern Califor
nia than any other one thing. An in
vestor; comes' into ; one of our coast
counties.- The local parties have much
to say in behalf of their locality. This
is legitimate and to be expected, but
Incidentally-;: they make*' comparisons
and run down Northern California dis
tricts. This is entirely wrong, uncalled
for, ; unjust,-: short-sighted ¦ and is a
death blow to. co-operation. The man
being among strangers is on the. alert
and naturally/skeptical. He becomes
suspicious and , goes to Northern Cal I •
fornia to investigate for himself, only
to learn that they In turn are knocking
the Central Coast counties. What is
the result? He becomes disgusted and
quietly* goes to Southern California,
where they have studied the art or en
tertaining and, interesting the Investor,,
where ; they; ..work under a system,
where they co-operate, and where they,
pull together; .they are a unit.
"By-co-operation let us Induce desir
able Eastern -.people to come, and sec'
for themselves^ Let }i every , district
sound the praised of their- own locality, J
and work with <a will for it. But If; they;
cannot say a good word . about : the oth- ;
er districts let them keep silent Silence
isgolden, many times. •;.
Wit is not so much 'which' section fills
Professor James A. Barr of Stockton,
representing the San Joaquin Commer
cial Association, sent regrets that sick
ness in' his family prevented his'at
tendance at the meeting.
."KNOCKS'*; THE "KNOCKERS."
R. P. Lathrop of HollJster, represent
ing the California Central Counties Im
provement Club, had this to say about
the "knockers:" . .
"Yomask me for the best way to co
operate, and I cannot answer better
than to copy Mr. Lincoln's celebrated
resumption speech, 'The best way to
co-operate is to co-operate.' We should
be at every one of your meetings pre
pared to show that you have been do
ing U3 som-2 good, and your committee
should have, a representative at our
meetings, and each should "ever be
watchful of a place to be of service to
the other." a^V
"It is very important that there
should be full and complete co-opera
tion between the valley association and
your committee and I shall see to it
that in the future we will be represent
ed at your meetings.
"This valley has felt the effect of the
v.-ork of those two organizations and
the closer they work together the better
the results for both.
Then came the reading" of a letter
from General Will S. Green of Colusa.
representing the Sacramento Valley
Development Association. The veter
an worker for California's progress
wrote as follows:
"The Santa Fe," he said, "is always
ready to co-operate in any movement
that aims to promote the resources of
California and its approval will not be
withheld from this movement, which,
as I understand', it, proposes to bring
together in closer harmony and sym
pathy the various organizations that
.are endeavoring to promote the devel
opment of the resources of their re
spective localities. It is nautral that
the Santa Fe should help California,
because California has done much to
help it."
HOW .TO CO-OPERATE.
families had recently established a col
ony and gone to farming, taking up
and dividing a l^rge area of land that
for years had been devoted to grain
raising. The Promotion Committee's
work is bringing many people to the
valley, Mr. McNear said, and the large
land tracts are gradually being cut up
into small farms. He, too, contributed
his mite of advocacy to the co-opera
tion plan.
Fred J. Koster spoke of the Intelli
gent and indefatigable work of the
Promotion Committee's executive staff,
and predicted still richer returns from
It as" its usefulness Increases with age
and experience. ; ;•'.. ; :
This exhausted the programme, and
President Sbarboro thanked the gentle
men present for their attendance, their
arguments and their attention. "riv^
Archie Beveridge, a printer, who
pleaded guilty in Judge Lawlor's court
to a charge of forgery, was sentenced
yesterday to serve one year in San
Quentin. Beveridge forged the name
of August Blumberg, foreman In the
printing department of Sanborn, Vail
& Co., to an application for a loan of
$100 from D. H. Talman, money lend
er, Parrott building. The forgery was
detected before the money was paid.
Sentenced for Forgery.
Good Work Is Com
mended by the
Governor.
PROMINENT MEN WHO ARE
INTERESTED IN WORK OF
PROMOTION COMMITTEE.
The Governor's sentiments were
heartily applauded and then W. R.
Alburger, acting for W. A." Bissell of
the Santa Fe.was called upon to state
the attitude of that: corporation to
ward the question of co-operation." Mn"
Alburger did not say very much,' but
his words were well chosen and direct
ly to the" point.
SANTA FE IN LINE.
"Sacramento, Nov. 17, 1903. Rufus P.
Jennings, executive officer • California
Promotion Committee— My Dear Sir:
Answering your telegram of yesterday,
I find that It will.be. much to my re
gret, impractlcablevfor me to be pres
ent with you to-day. I, need not say
to you 'that I believe your committee
has done, ijp doing and will do good
work in, the building up of the State of
California. The results you 1 ? have al
ready accomplished remove any doubt
as to that; and ' the. earnestness of
your efforts .has established you ! in
the confidence of those who have
watched your course.
"There is no good reason why. the
State of California, north and | south,
should not advance with giant strides.
Our climate, our soil and all, that* God
has given us proclaim our ! State the
peer of. any land on earth. ,. And , all
that is needed to bring, millions here
where only tens of thousands now; re
side is to make our material advant
ages known to all men. Your commit
tee, it seems to me, is doing and . has
done Just what Northern California
long has needed.
"I hope that you will continue In
your good work.
"Very truly yours,
"GEORGE C. PARDEE." x
At the conclusion of the secretary's
remarks the following letter from Gov
ernor Pardee was read: ,
FROM THE GOVERNOR.
"The Boards of Trade and improve
ment clubs throughout California have
done and are doing great work for their
several sections. New organizations
have been formed during the past year,
and an increased activity and desire to
do things are evident all about us. The
committee Is highly complimented at
the spirit displayed by all of these or
ganizations. They ke"ep our headquar
ters supplied with good literature and
in many ways are of great assistance.
The committee on its side is constantly
referring inoulrers to sections of the
State they may be interested in and
the results of this method of operation
show more effectively all the time.
"The co-operation from the business
and professional men of San" Francisco
is of a very substantial kind. Money,
that powerful factor, has been con
stantly with us and mode it possible to
carry on the work. This work has de
veloped and requires still more money
which will be forthcoming. San Fran
ciscans take a deep interest because
they. realize that in upbuilding our
State we upbuild our city."
"The railroads are -± great factor in
the development of our State. The
committee has been in close and con
stant touch with all of the railroads In
terested in California and from their
officers received much advice of value
and hearty co-operation at all times.
USEFUL FACTORS
"The object of this meeting is to ob
tain advice from the members with
different interests and with diverse
views. Brief mention, however, of a
few things that are now being done in
the way of co-operation will not, I take
it, be out of place here.
"First and foremost, it has been rec
ognized by the committee that the
greatest assistance to Its work of State
development would come from the
press. This opinion has been Justified
and the press of California is co-oper
ating most heartily. To cement still
closer the relationship between this
committee and the California press
there is being established the Califor
nia Publication Bureau. This bureau
Invites all California publications to be
represented and many Eastern publica
tions will be on the list ,of associate
members. The California Publication
Bureau will be chiefly for the purpose
of exchanging articles and news items
so that different sections of the State
will become better acquainted, ami so
that people in the East will read re
prints from California papers.
however, has been accomplished and
by continuing along the lines adopted
the "knocks*^ in California will soon
be hard to find, and the fact that he
ever existed forgotten.
"We appreciate the work of counties
and clubs, of Boards of Trade and
Chambers of Commerce and women's
clubs. We are glad to have the mes
sage we have been preaching for so
long taken up by so many voices. The
"It is not out of place to remand you
that the Southern'PacIflc has long been
in the field. We are in the business of
promotion as a matter of necessity.
The interests of a great railroad and a
great State are mutual interests. One
wants traffic, the other wants popula
tion. One seeks passengers and freight,
the other the occupation of "Its lands
and the development of its resources.
A railroad therefore serves the State,
its policy is far-sighted, its plans
broad and . far-reaching, when to the
superficial-minded it seems but to serve
its own interests.
State Mineralogist Lewis E. Aubury
suggested that in the printed matter
for distribution among possible in
vestors the same be in as condensed
form as possible. He suggested, also,
that accurate maps of the various
counties be incorporated in the publi
cations; also the railroad systems; the
population of each county, according
to the last census, its assessed valua
tion, the various minerals found in the
county, with the yearly production of
the same, and naming particularly the
leading mineral products of each coun
ty. He advised the Promotion Com
mittee to issue a relief map , of the
State, depicting the county boundaries,
county seats, railroads, streams, moun
tain ranges, etc., accompanied by a
sketch map of the State, on which
could be shown the approximate loca
tion of the various mineral deposits,
and pointed out j that articles con
tributed from time to time on special
subjects covering the mining industry
in California would have a most bene
ficial effect.
James Hosburgh Jr., acting.for E. O.
McCormick of the Southern Pacific,
had this to say:
up first, but to fill them all. This, gen
tlemen, Is mv idea of co-operation."
THE MINING INDUSTRY.
Sergeant Helms, who has charge of
the local team, submitted to Chief
Wittman yesterday the names of the
Kix men making the highest scores at
the Harbor View range. The total rep
resents ten scores of ten shots each and
the average is 72 4-6. The lucky six
are W. R. Proll. 794; Smith Carr. 771;
F. W. French, 717. * J. E. Dolan. 705;
W. W. "Wilson, €30; Harry Hook, 665.
The alternates are R. P. de Guire, 624,
and W. H. Burkholder, 623. The losing
team will present a silver cup to the
winners.
For the last two weeks the /crack re
volver shots of the Police Department
have been contesting at the Harbor
View range for the honor of being
among the Fix chosen to compete
against a picked team of the police
force of Washington, D. C. The match
will take place on November 21, each
team to ehoot at a range in its own
city. George E. Foster, the secret ser
vice apent, will represent the San
San Francisco team, in Washington
and John A. Hammersmith of Ham
mersmith & Field will represent the
"Washington team here.
Six Men Selected to Shoot in Match
With Washington, D. C,
Force.
CRACK POLICE MARKSMEN
FINISH THEIR CONTEST
Flemming was at -work in the ele
vator shaft of the building when the
accident occurred. The scantling fell
from the top floor and .struck the
workingman a glancing blow on the
top of the head, tearing the scalp
away. He was removed to the Emer
gency Hospital where the scalp was
drawn together. The doctors say that
Flemming will recover, though he had
a narrow escape from instant death.
Thomas Flemming, a carpenter resid
ing at 722% Stevenson street, was tha
victim of a peculiar and painful acci
dent while at work on a building on
Ellis street, near Hyde, yesterday af
ternoon. A falling scantling hit the
unfortunate man on the head, tearing
his scalp nearly off and exposing the
skull.
Thomas Flemming Is the Victim of
Strange and Almost Fatal
Accident.
CARPENTER SCALPED BY
A FALLING SCANTLING
All Railroads Are Rep
resented in Gather
ing.
"Mr. Chairman and members of the
advisory committee: From ¦ its incep
tion It has been the aim of this com
mittee to foster a spirit of co-operation
throughout the State of California. To
say that complete success has attended
the effort would be to paint the results
in rather too glowing- colors.- Much,
Secretary Jennings then explained
the purposes of the advisory- board of
the promotion committee, under' whose
auspices the co-operative movement
had its inception. He said:
"So sure as water seeks Us level will
California eventually fill up with mil
lions of people from less favored parts
of the world. The question Is whether
we shall let that event come slowly by
itself or by assisting it with such work
as we are doing, to fill up the State in
a comparatively short period of time."
CO-OPERATION THE WORD.
"This promotion committee generous
ly maintained by the enterprising men
and well wishers of our State, while it
has not as yet been in existence two
years, has done a remarkable . amount
of good. It has disseminated the true
facts of our capabilities throughout
the world. To-day millions and mil
lions of people are reading about our
country In all parts of the world.
"At a recent meeting our «:ommittee
lias added to its strength a number of
representative citizens as an advisory
committee. From you gentlemen here
assembled the committee expects to be
informed of your wants in the different
sections of the State and with the gen
erous contributions of our members we
are In hopes of being able to assist you
materially.
"Our State is larger than the King
dom of Italy, which sustains 35,000.000
Inhabitants. Our climate and soil, our
ocean frontage, and in fact, the topog
raphy even of our State is greatly sim
ilar to that of Italy. We can therefore
raise everything which is produced in
that sunny land and we have in addi
tion a great many industries, such as
mineral wealth, oil and an abundance
of water, when properly developed, for
Irrigating our lands and furnishing mo
tive power for our manufacturers.
President Sbarboro occupied the
chair, and the object of the gathering
was pretty clearly set forth in his open
ing address. He said:
"Gentlemen: We have met here to
day for the purpose of co-operating in
the development of the inexhaustible
resources of our great State.
PROMOTION WORK.
In addition to the valuable talks con
tributed by the foregoing gentlemen,
the meeting was treated to ringing
messages of encouragement from Gov
ernor Pardee, General Will S. Green,
president of the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association, and James S.
Barr of Stockton, who had been invited
to speak in behalf of the San Joaquin
Valley Commercial Association.
To the suggested co-operation of all
the movements aiming at California's
material betterment not one opposing
word was heard. Each speaker ad
vanced logical argument in support of
the proposed "all for one and one for
all" policy, and in the course of the
proceedings that personified detriment
to the communal good, the "knocker,"
was severely dealt with. His sectional
narrowness was unanimously pro
nounced one of the worst handicaps
the State as a whole has to contend
with in Its effort to move forward, and
his suppression was advised without
equivocation or stint. It was the State
of California, and not any section of
it, that the meeting stood for and the
orators advocated.
RINGING MESSAGES.
Among those who had something to
say and said it well were A. Sbarboro,
president of the California Promotion
Committee; Rufus P. Jennings, the
ever-busy secretary of the same asso
ciation; W. R. Alburger, representing
the Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad; Lewis E. Aubury, speaking
for the California State Mining Bureau;
James Hoesburgh Jr., acting for the
passenger department of the Southern
Pacific Railroad; R. P. Lathrop of Hol
lister, delegated by the California Cen
tral Coast Counties Improvement Club;
R. X. Ryan of the California North
western Railway; C. P. Soule of Eu
reka, representing the north coast
counties, and A. A. Watkins and Fred
J. Koster of the executive staff of the
Promotion Committee.
cussion yesterday afternoon at
the headquarters of the State Promotion
Committee, on New Montgomery street.
The Interest of the theme was en
hanced by the prominence and intelli
gence of the men that participated in
the Interchange of views. They includ
ed representatives of all the agencies
that are most active in the upbuilding
of the commonwealth. Each of the rail
road systems had a spokesman pres
ent, and there were emissaries qualified
to voice the opinions of the various or
ganizations that are laboring to .ad
vance the well being of their respective
sections. It was one of^ the most in
structive meetings ever* held for the
purpose of devising ways and means
to accelerate California's general pro
gress.
CO-OPERATION in the develop
ment of California's material
resources was the dominant
note of a very interesting dis-
George W. McNear told of the rapidity 1
with which the waste places of the San
Joaquin Valley are being filled up with
homemakers. One of his agents in
formed Mr. McNear that forty Austrian
"We are all in favor of co-operation
in this matter of- promoting Califor
nia's interests. We know that the
gain of one section of the State is the
gain of all."
FILLING WASTE PLACES.
C. P. Soule, representing the North
Coast counties, told of the work that is
being done by the Eureka Chamber of
Commerce to induce immigration to
the great redwood region. He said: .
"It Is astonishing how many people
In California know so little about our
part of the State. I have met folks who
have lived here/all their lives and are
presumed to be ordinarily informed on
matters concerning the geography of
their native State, and I have found
them laboring under the delusion that
Eureka is In Oregon. Our lack of rail
road communication may be responsi
ble for this extraordinary ignorance,
and we have hopes that the long-felt
want will soon be filled. With the
Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe
making eyes at each other, we may
soon have you gentlemen come to visit
us in Pullman sleepers.
"As you may know, we are in the
heart of the redwood region, but lum
bering is not our only important indus
try- We have dairies and we have
fruit, and all. we want is railroad fa
cilities to transport our products to
market.- But despite our so-called re
moteness our section is steadily grow
ing in wealth and- population. The Eu
reka Chamber of Commerce ha,s done
much to advertise our resources and
bring in desirable settlers. I have heard
that within the last thirty months the
population of San Francisco has in
creased at the ratio of 25 per cent.
Well, the same can truthfully be said
of Humboldt County. The people are
preceding the railroads, and. as a mat
ter of course, where the people are the
railroads will follow. . '.
"I think some of the suggestions of
Mr. Aubury as well as Mr. Lathrop's
should be acted upon. The principal
thing Is to get in harmony and not to
express ourselves against any locality,
and if we have nothing good to say
of a place, say nothing."
R. X. Ryan, representing the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway, said:
"We believe this committee is a ne
cessity for California's growth, and
anything that this committee d<5es
must receive our commendation. Our
railroad is ever ready to help your
committee, because by helping It we
are helping ourselves."
FROM THE NORTH COAST.
The representative of the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade. A. A. Watkins,
commented as follows:
BOARD OF TRADE.
great need of this part of the State has
been to 'wake up.' We think the day
is at hand. We are with you for the
State."
Progress of State Is
Watchword of
Meeting.
Shortly before Christmas of last year
pretty Florence . Russell of this city
crossed the Pacific to Manila in re
sponse to a summons from Charles Je
rome de Witt, an employe of the quar
termaster's department of the United
States army, who had won her consent
to become his wife a few months before.
That was a trip destined to bring her
the great sorrow of her life. Accord-
Ing to a divorce complaint filed by her
yesterday within a month after she
reached the Orient she found herself
almost an outcast— the dupe of the maa
she had loved and trusted.
Mrs. de Witt sues for severance of
the marital ties on the ground that her
husband was convicted of a felony.
She alleges in the complaint that he was
sentenced to serve a term of ten years
In prison.
According to the complaint she was
married to De Witt In the city of Ma
nila on January 3, 1903. On the 9th of
the following month he was adjudged
guilty of felony embezzlement, his crime
having been discovered within a few
days after she became his wife.
Mary B. Arnold is suing Francis P.
Arnold for divorce on the ground of
desertion. Neglect Is charged in the
complaint filed by Trinlta C. Brewer
against W. W. Brewer.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Bertram M. Pratt from Alice
Pratt for desertion, Fannie Blackman
from Harry Blackman for cruelty, and
Kate Sophia Teresa Varney from F.
H. Varney for desertion.
The explanation did not satisfy
Judge Troutt and he, informed Cousins
that he intended to keep in touch with
the office of Mr. Hanlon and that just
as soon as the latter returned from his
much talked of long journey he would
summon him into his presence and
learn, if he could. Just what was done
with the papers. In speaking of the
matter, Judge Troutt said:
¦ I am Inclined to think that some one
exceeded his authority in taking: those*
papers from the County dork's office.
It is true that I made a court order per
mitting their removal, but that order was
made on the 7th inst. and was intended
only to apply to that particular time, or
until such time as the case came up for
adjudication. The case was heard on
the 3th and decided immediately and the
order then became void. If the papers
were taken out of the custody of the
clerk after noon of the 9th, the hour the
case was decided, then the persons who
took them were to blame. I do not know
of any agreement by which it was under
stood that the papers were to be kept for
a year.
William Cou6ins, the I\andy man of
Attorney Charles Hanlon, who so suc
cessfully handled the court proceedings
In connection with the now famous
Whittell-Boyere case, was summoned
by Judge Troutt yesterday to appear
before him In chambers and explain
the mystery surrounding the disappear
ance of the papers In the case. Not
withstanding the fact that Cousins has
been accused by more than one per
6on of being the last person to have
handled the papers after the court pro
ceedings, he denied having any knowl
edge of them or their present where
abouts. He 6ald he last saw them in
court.
Examines Lawyer's Clerk,
but Fails to Clear Up
the Mystery.
Man She Crosses Ocean to
Wed Sent to Jail for
Embezzlement.
Intends to Make Every
Effort to Recover
Missing Papers.
Mrs. De Witt Tells Sad
Story in a Divorce
Complaint.
TROUTT WILL
WATCH HANLON
HUSBAND WEARS
FELON'S STRIPES
CO-OPERATION IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF CALIFORNIA'S RESOURCES
IS THE DOMINANT NOTE OF PROMOTION COMMITTEE'S DISCUSSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 11903.
7
ADVEBTLSEMENTS.
If TWO SIGNALS. 1& |§ *
gg v DANGER SIGNAL NO. 1 — Comes from the kidney secretions. — "JeSIL SS
99 The experienced physician knows at once the kidneys are sick when J3?»5||p^k «_Ms[Piiii^h ****
®g he examines the urine. You can tell for yourself. t Urine that is JkSJI jjjm ly^^P^ %&
09 pale and foamy — that is highly colored, reddish, 'blood-like — that milliisrcy ca
O© contains sediment or "brick-dust like" deposit on standing, points A^^£^^^ pM^ £g
$0 to sick kidneys. Infrequent or too frequent urination and all '^^Q^^^^-fn^^^^^ ©©
SO urinary difficulties are danger signals which cail for prompt use of ' JiSB^^m^lgMMBiiW ' SS
II Doan's Kidney Pills. N * WSBBBSB&f^Kfir •*
0O j DANGER SIGNAL NO. 2— Comes from the back. Backache J |P| ®°
§2 pains — in many forms — signal sick kidneys, tell of overworked, 1^ Mf] ©S
••congested kidneys; warn you of impending danger. A "bad back" mwli 9W
§2 ls misery enough of itself, but far worse is in store for those who - W& raj Klj |^
99 neglect its warning— nervous conditions — sleepless nights — des- ||[ fgl JP|| ©©
©• pondency— failing' eyesight — muscular soreness — Rheumatic pains /VsQ %%
SS and many exhaustive aches. Doan's Kidney Pills cure all ills of kid- i fjSr £fp* ••
••neys and bladder, and are endorsed by people you know. ••
is^TRJALFREE Y"" 1 "" 11111 ™"™™ 1 " * 8
§| To San Francisco Callers I SAN FRANCISCO PROOF | '-g
fl* ' ¦— *y '^l. 1 ' T?bJsa' ' "'TL' hi ¦.¦.¦¦¦¦¦I 1 1 ¦¦ 1 ift ®*
99 vll §!&k§*1 fOdtt6Y m|||£§ ) F. M. Tucker of 737 Howard street says: "Trouble with «9
©» mV;-w*»»J W'5» llslii t^ le kidney secretions to me was a fruitful source of annoy- 09
©® ya "T*rttw\«*t»*'r'* > '^^^ ance. Sometimes continence or stoppage was very marked, 2?
O# *?'.'•¦' -.•¦. ; sometimes the action was too of tea and the quantity too pro- ••
SS= name fuse. In addition to this I had backache every now and then. §§
•• : ' /• Matters had gone on like .this for some years, and although I ••
0O : *¦ °*:-;*;;--""; """V" constantly tried to get rid of the cause I was unsuccessful until ••
SS TATK 'r" •'•'•""'":::'":"" I used Doan's Kidney Pills. What'I saw in an advertisement S$'
CO For tree" trial box. mail; this eo«- . which induced me to take a course of treatment was true, for t>»
••} iKirt*?A u K; the pills acted exactly the same in my case and a cure was ••
22 |:>-» tc address on Teparate slip. the „ gg
IIsiiSS2iSISiSi§§g5SSI2SSS888SSSSSSSSSSS§SI§SI§SS§SSSS§SiSSSiSSSSSlI
>.. . . „*, .j. j> ,i-*mi ** ¦ m iiliiliiM tliiTT^ fTl ¦»¦>*¦ ini-n — — ¦ r«i ¦ « * - -i TTtn Ifc nA j-hi .1 - - - _¦ — ~- — — - -*. — >
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG
Prevents Many People From Trying
a Good Medicine.
Stomach troubles art- so common and
In most cases so obstinate to cure that
people are tut to lock with suspicion
on any remedy claiming to be a radical
permanent cure for dyspepsia and indi-
gestion. Many such pride themselves
on their acuteness in never being hum-
bugged, especially in medicines.
This fear of being humbu-sed can 5^
carried too far. so far. In fact, that
many people suffer for years with weak
digestion rather than risk a little time
and money in faithfully testing the
claims made of a preparation so relia-
ble and universally used as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one Important re-
eptct from ordinary proprietary medi-
cines for the reason that they are not
a secret patent medicine: no secret is
made of their ingredients, but analysis
shows th-m to contain the natural di-
gestive ferments, pure aseptic pepsin,
the digestive acids. Golden Seal, bis-
muth, hycii-astls and nur. They are not
cathartic, neither do they act power-
fully on any organ, but they cure indi-
gestion on the common sense plan of
digesting the food eaten thoroughly be-
fore it has time to ferment, sour and
cause the mischief. This is the only
secret of their success. '
Cathartic x>ills never have and never
can cure indigestion and stomach
troubles becaure they act entirely on
the bowels, whereas the whole trouble
is really in the stomach. 1
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken
after meals digest the food. That ls all
theie is to it. Food not digested or half
digested is poison, as It creates gas.
acidity, headaches, palpitation of the
heart, loss of flesh and appetite and
many oUkt troubles which are ofttn
called by seme other name.
They are sold by druggists every-
where at 50 cents per package. iv The French people are nothing if not extraordinary.
They are content only when. upsetting traditions, and their
lives find their naturaland fullest expression in the spectacu
lar and unexpected.; Two of them fought a duel the other
day, with swords at that, and one of them was killed.
After torrents of discussion and much hesitation the pub
lic school teachers of New York have organized a union
with approximately thirteen thousand members. In an
army like that what a delightful time the walking delegate
would have. The insane asylum, not Sing Sing, would.be
the hazard she would take with her job. :j>
A carving, clever in workmanship and artistic in design,
has been discovered in Vancouver, and the wise men of the
town say that it must be at least one thousand years old.
Let us hope that a few more such specimens may be found.
They may convince our British Columbian friends that they
are old enough to behave themselves;
tlon of the motion, hold his wrist light
ly and draw it up and down the piano
keys. Then let him try it alone, tell
ing him to imagine that he is in a lit
tle rowboat, with his hand hanging
over the tide, and that he is dragging
it lazily back and forth through the
water. That is the motion exactly.
The wrist leads. In both directions,
whether going ux> or down the piano,
and is used in a manner very similar
to that which a violinist employ's when
"bowing:" as the manipulation of his
"bow is technically called.
Each time the exercise is attempted
begin with the "down-arm," then the
"circle," then the bowing or water mo
tion, carrying the wrist up until it
stands over the upper C; the striking
with the wrist motion; then a few revo
lutions with the finger as a pivot; re
turn in exactly the same manner; the
striking motion once more, the relax
ing, and the exercise is at an end.
Remember to drag the fingers and
urm after the wrist and to watch the
elbow particularly, "lest unconsciously
It. instead of the wrist, take the lead.
This exercise cannot receive too much
One of Uncle Sam's soldier boys deserted from Goat
Island the other day, hired a tug and stole thirty miles of
copper wire. The poor fellow evidently took too literally
the current opinion of the advantages of wire-pulling in
public and governmental affairs. He will probably find that
he is tangled up in the wrong kind of wire.
Money in Silk.
The people of the United States spend
an average of $2 per capita each year for
silks, according to a new magazine de
voted to the silk Industry. "And yet."
continues the article, "we are not raisins
a pound of it. but are sending great
amounts of our money for it to foreign
countries. It can be raised right here at
home, especially- In the Southern States.
Every rural family can easily produce
$100 to |300 worth or more every season:
and to do so requires only six to eight
weeks' work supplemental to present
work, and the women and children can
do nearly all of it.
"What a help this additional income
would be to fill empty stomachs, to stir
sluggish brains and to wake up lazy mus
cles. It would be a big step toward much
further industrial and educational devel
opment."
Royal Stamp Collector.
The London Philatelic Society is to
be honored at its next meeting by the
Prince of Wales, who, as a keen phila
telist, has promised to present a paper
and to give a display of proofs, essays
and, stamps illustrating the history. of
the postal Issues of the United King
dom during the present reign. The
notes which will accompany the dis
play, the London correspondent of the
Scotsman states, hare been compiled
by his royal Hlgbxess from official
sources, and they will contain a good
deal of Interesting matter relating to
the various deslgrs which were sub
mitted to the Kins before postal labels
with his Majesty's head now in use
were finally approved. The Prince of
». ales has been a stamp collector ever
since his midshipman days.
Looking Ahead.
Z knows de place de white folii stay.
En 111 git my Christmas dram dat day:
En 111 work no morajtwel de Christmas
gone
En Z feels de tan fry comin' on!
Zt's clar de way
Per de Christmas day.
En III Bit my Christmas dram. Z say I
— Atlanta Constitution.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. COc a pound. 'In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. •
London's Police Report.
An Eastern paper reviews the Lon
don police report for the last year as
follows:
"London's annual police report, al
ways interesting^because it concerns
the largest city in the .-world, is at
hand. It shows satisfactory results of
the finger print identification as
against the measurement system. As a
means ( of "signing" documents, the
thumb or finger print has been in use
in India and China and Egypt from
remote antiquity, but the peculiar
curves and the "whorls" at the tips of
the digits exhibiting certain unalterable
combinations which never change
throughout life has not been used for
Identification of criminals until quite
recently.
"The Impressions are taken by means
of thin printing Ink worked into a pad
on which an arrested person is required
to press with the tips of his fingers and
thumbs and then make an impression
with his digits on a card on which his
name and other details are registered.
The prints thus taken are classified In
accordance with certain well defined
rules, based on the nature of the
'whirls,* : 'whorls,' 'arches' , and 'curves*
shown in the lines of the finger prints,
and identification Is simplified by fur
, ther subdivision, which make the com-
. Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). ZX) Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. * '
Let me repeat, at this Juncture, that
I shall be very glad to answer person
ally all letters from pupils or parents
who are puzzled as to the best way to
carry out these instructions, or who de
sire additional advice of any sort what
soever. Write to me, and I shall do
my best to make everything clear.
"Piano paralysis" is often brought on
by continued straining of the muscles
before they have had time to gradally
acquire the strength necessary to with
stand the demands made on them, and
more than one musical genius has had
his career nipped in the bud by Just
this very thing.
It may seem that I am overexplicit
in my directions and overparticular in
having them carried out. but, believe
me, it is absolutely necessary to go over
and over these little details as vie pro
gress from step to step until the whole
thing becomes second nature to the
child, and he relaxes without being
told, assumes the proper positions nat
urally and gracefully and, above all,
brings out a beautiful tone from the
piano.
In practicing this last finger exercise,
let the pupil raise and lower the first
and second fingers, counting "one, two,
three four, five, six" — "one, two, three,
four, five, six" as one continuous ex
ercise, relaxing between the count "six"
in the first group and "one" in the sec
ond (the finger upraised meanwhile un
til the count "one," when it drops and
the other one rises). Be sure that the
whole thing is rhythmic and not Jerky
and uneven. Let him do this six times
slowly, with the first pair of fingers,
then go on to the second and third fin
ger, third and fourth, and finally fourth
and fifth, trying each six times in turn.
When exercising the fourth finger,
both in connection with the third and
the fifth, he will find even more diffi
culty in raising it to the proper level
than he did in the single exercise for
the fingers given In lesson 2. It will
all come right by practice, however,
and the principal thing to guard
agai~st in the matter is the turning of
the hand. Do not let him attempt to
raise the fourth finger very high, if it
strains it at all. for it is better to go
somewhat Elowly than to risk injuring
the little hands.
left with the left hand, thus crippling
the fifth (little) finger on either hand
and throwing the whole hand out of
position. Guard against this, carefully
watching to see that the arch from fln
ger ends to" wrist is properly kept, and
also that the wrist muscles do not
tighten as the fingers perform their
work. The elbow, too, may need a little
attention at this Juncture. -.-¦
The catalogue aims to note every industry and manufac
ture from lumbering down to ostrich farming. From the
latest reports of the United States Census Bureau and the
various bureaus of trade interested within the State the sta
tistical data for the volume have been drawn. With a view
to giving Eastern capital the latest word on some of Cali
fornia's leading industries, extended reviews of the more
prominent industrial opportunities preface the alphabetical
guide to the names of those interested in them.
The "Blue Book" is a worthy effort and b'.ould find hearty
indorsement from business men and producers in the State.
That ft may be complete, every member of the association
should see to it that nothing within his province is omitted
or allowed to be incorrect.
WHAT is to be a distinct innovation in Pacific Coast
trade annals and likewise a valuable exploitation
of the commercial resources of California is the
"Blue Book of California Manufactures and Industries,"
which is now in course of publication by the California
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association. The proof copy,
which is already forwarded to the several members of the
association for correction and additions, gives promise of a
forthcoming catalogue which will find ready acceptance in
Eastern commercial circles and do much to further the mani
fold business' interests of the State.
TWO-FINGER EXERCISE, NON
STRIKING.
A BLUE BOOK OF TRADE.
For Colombia to demand that we prevent the secession
of Panama is to ask a vain thing, for which there is no
basis in fact. Panama has repeatedly been independent and has
as repeatedly remerged in the government of the continen
tal territory now called Colombia. It is useless for Colom
bia to remind us of our opposition to domestic secession.
The case of Panama is entirely different. Its analogy is
found in the case of Cuba. That island is near our shores;
the tranquillity of its people concerned our commerce and
touched our interests in a variety of ways. It was in con
stant uproar and revolution. While we had no treaty obli
gation to justify us. we had the general obligation to hu
manity and the world, which Europe has been reminded of
in the case of Turkey and Macedonia. In pursuance thereof
we demanded that Spain recognize the independence of
Cuba, and upon her refusal to do so we occupied the isl
and, and after tranquillizing it gave it over to its own peo
ple to govern.
We are under precisely the same general obligation as
to Panama, and added tc it is our treaty responsibility to
preserve the peaceful transit and neutrality of the isthmus.
We suppose that Colombia will hardly pretend that the
constant condition of revolution in Panama is the protest
of the isthmians against good government, justice and en
forcement of tKeir rights!
In his protest to Great Britain Marroquin accuses the
United States- of "fomenting the separatist spirit, of which
there is abundant evidence." That 1 is refrigerated diplo
macy, in view of all the facts. Our readers will remember
that in August last, when Panama was hoping that the Bo
gota Government would keep faith with the United States
by ratifying the Hay-Herran canal treaty, the military com
andante at Panama, a minion of Bogota, at midnight ar
rested and deposed the civil Governor, an isthmian, and sub
verted the civij government of the state. Next day he of
fered the governorship to the United States Consul, and then
it developed that he was on a drunk and was making sixes
and sevens of the affairs of Panama. For this act he was
not punished by the central government. Again, and bear
ing on the charge that we promoted the' separatist spirit,
when Obaldia pleaded for Panama that the canal treaty be
ratified, he said if that. were done "I am a Colombian; if it
be not done I am a Panamah."
The separatist spirit was promoted by Bogota and not
by Washington. If Colombia suffer it is her fault, and is the
punishment due to bad faith and misgbvernment. Mar
roquin confesses that in the recent past the United States
gave Bogota a chance to tranquillize the isthmus by land
ing bluejackets and policing the railroad in the revolution
that ended last year. That being done, it was his business
m r ARROQUIN and Jarmmillo have sent a protest to
\\l\ the Senate pleading the obligation of the United
X T 1. States 'to maintain Colombian sovereignty on the
isthmus of Panama. We have shown by article 35 of the
treaty of 1846 that if such be our obligation it runs to the
defunct state of New Granada, which was overthrown by a
revolutionary congress. The only fair interpretation of the
treaty is that we will uphold local sovereignty over the isth
mus, and will not assume it ourselves nor permit its aliena
tion to any European power.
THE COLOMBIAN PROTEST.
When the United States of Colombia asked Germany to
assume a protectorate over her she should have been brought
before the bar of nations on the ground of impugning the in
telligence of one of the greatest powers on earth. It will re
quire more than this insult of the Soufh American rat, how
ever, to injure the credit of our shrewd and well-wishing
friends across the water.
1. That there is little or no gold, sli
ver, copper or lead here in paying
quantities. If so, that mines have
yet to be discovered.
2. That iron, oil and coal may be
found in paying quantities, but that
these are questions yet to be deter
mined.
3. That there are fortunes to be made
here in raising rice, tobacco, hemp and
sugar.
4. That money could be made in the
lumber business if the forests of fine
woods were thrown open by the Gov
ernment, but doubt the advisability of
doing so.
5. That the Civil Government is being
honestly and ably administered by the
commission.
6. That the war is over forever, so
long as the islands belong to the Uni
ted States and that the ladrone element
will be cleaned up within two years.
7. That the people are capable of self
government, but that the government
they would run would not be satisfac
tory to the American people, or to the
advantage of the poor people of these
islands, who comprise fully 90 per cent
of the inhabitants.
— S. -That there is plenty of labor here
to do all the work there is to do. If the
workmen were treated fairly and paid
fairly, and that the admission of any
considerable number of Chinese labor
ers would be injurious to the welfare
of the country.
9. That It is money more than labor
that is needed here.
10. That the Filipino people, as a
whole, have given up the idea of inde
pendence and are reasonably well sat
isfied with the American occupancy.
As the opinion of one man upon
things in general in the Philippine Is
lands the following, reflections of the
editor of Justlcia. a Manila publication,
are comprehensive at least. The editor
avers:
One Man's Opinion.
In a Wallace theater a few nights ago a gentleman in
sisted, in opposition to the wishes of the management,
upon smoking during the performance. As a result of the
argument that followed two men were killed and two were
dangerously wounded. | It is such pleasantries as this that
once gave local color and a name to social affairs distinc
tively Californian.
"There has not seemed much foun
dation, it Is true, for such suggestions
la the public life of the .Kaiser. No
ruler on a throne has seemed stronger
.igalnst his enemies than he, and Ger
many has been surprisingly free from
the hand of the assassin. Yet at this
moment thousands of the Kaiser's sub
jects believe that an Island fortress is
to be erected near the capital, as a
place of safety for the royal house in
case of Insurrection. The story Is that
the island was to be linked with the
state workshops at Spandau as a par
liamentary constituency, rendering it
politically Isolated from the neighbor
ing country, and a new military road
is to make it capable of defense at
the shortest possible notice."
Emperor William has more to fear
than a cancer in the throat if the Ber
lin correspondent of the New York
Times is to be credited. He says:
"There has not perhaps In our time
been a more remarkable trial than that
which la soon to be resumed in Ber
lin, where two Socialist Journalists are
accused of libel and lese majeste. Fear
!s net generally regarded as one of th-?
weaknesses of Emperor William, but
behind the extraordinary story told at
the Socialist trial lies the suggestion
that the Emperor U in fear of a rising
of, his people.
William's Fear.
When he has thus become familiar
with the idea cf an octave try the new
exercise again— "down-arm" motion on
"middle C," circle motion, then the mo
tion of the wrist, carrying the hand
end arm from "middle C to the second
octave above It.
Having reached this point the wrist
stops, over the note, the hand is raised
and the upper C is Ftjruck. by means
of the wrist motion. (Do not make the
mistake of trying the down-arm move
ment here.) After this relax by a few
revolutions of the circular motion,
carry the hand and arm back to "mid
dle C" (by the same method useu in
going to the upper C), after which, one
stroke by means of the wrist motion,
a revolution or two of the circle move
ment, 3r.(": the exercise is complete.
All this may sound quite complicated.
but in reality it is very simple, and if
a thorough knowledge of the foregoing
exercise hs already acquired, and the
directions are carefully carried out,
there -Trill be absolutely on trouble in
Raising a perfect understanding of this
rew exercise.
k To simplify matters a little and en
able the pupil to gain a quick voncen-
Here it will be well to explain to the
pupil that the meaning of the word
"octave" is eight notes, and that there
fore from one C to another is an oc
tave, because there are eight notes In
it— C. D, E. F. G. A, B. C. Let him
take both hands and strike the two Cs
together, so that he will understand
that they are the same note, only that
as he goes on toward the top of the
piano, from "middle C," the Cs become
higher and higher, and as he goes
down the piano, from the "middle C,"
the Cs become proportionately lower.
the circle movement, carry the arm
along the keyboard (the wrist always
leading) until the second C above "mid
dle C" is reached, thus covering a
space of two octaves.
WATER MOTION. TO THE RIGHT, j
"We all crowded around the boy and
I had the curiosity to ask him where
he learned his trick for stopping mad
dogs.
" 'Outer dls." he said, grinning tri
umphantly and dragging 'Bad Ned, the
Sioux Killer," from his pocket."
"You talk about the youth of this
country being ruined by reading the
blood and thunder tales of the dime
novel variety," said a drummer one
night in the lobby of the Grand Hotel.
"I was an eye-witness to an incident
which happened one scorching hot day
in New York several years ago. That
made me change my opinion of the ef
fect of these lurid tales.
"I was walking up Broadway one
day, looking for a cool resort. Sudden
ly I saw nearly every person on the
street run this way and that and dodge
into ¦doorways. I heard the cry of 'mad
dog,' but being from out West did not
appreciate the value of the warning
and stood whe*re I was. When I g.»i
sight of the dog, however, I can tell
you I moved.
"Well, the teeth of the mad creature
closed upon the arm of a boy about 13
years old, who. on one knee, with arm
upraised, stopped the beast In its wild
flight within a few feet of the spot I
had so hurriedly vacated. But the
teeth did not sink into the puny arm
of the lad, for quicker than I can tell
it, before dropping to his knee, he had
whipped off his coat and wrapped it
around his left arm. He shoved tha
protected member into the very Jaws
of the dog and with the other Jabbed
and Jabbed into the canine's side a
small penknife until the beast dropped
from exhaustion.
Pozver of Literature.
"But the stone man who erected this
peculiar memorial to his deceased boy
has passed away. Heirs have not the
same scruples about It3 use for com
mon building construction. So a sam
ple of the stone was forwarded to the
men in charge of the construction of
the great union depot, in the erection
of which the Government has become a
partner, after a fashion. The samples
of this one stone decided them. They
would have no other. And the union
depot will be constructed of it."
"A peculiar story is behind the selec
tion of building material for the great
union depot to be constructed in Wash
ington," says the Omaha Bee. "Gran
ite will be used, but it will be granite
that has never been used for the con
struction of any other building erected
upon earth.
"Years ago a stone man up in Ver
mont discovered a granite of unusual
promise at Bethel. The granite from
this quarry had peculiar beauties and
qualities of its own, not found in any
other granite yet excavated or carved
or laid. It was a sort of edition de
luxe in the granite line, and he saw
profits of an unusual order pouring in
from the development of his find. He
opened his quarry and prepared to fill
orders, when his son was killed in the
property. Thereupon he issued the flat
that this valuable stone should never
be used for any other purpose than
tombstones or monuments. And it
never has been.
The Charm Broken.
BY AN'ICE TEUIIUNE.
(Song Writer, formerly Director of Music In
the Co'.lejre cf ft. John the Baptitt.
New- Turk.)
We will now take up an entirely new
motion, most valuable in giving a
smooth, connected pound to scattered
chords that skip rapidly from one point
on the piano to another.
Before starting our little pupil at the
new taek, however, let me impress
upon you that the same method of
frequent rests, change of exercise, re
laxation and going back to first prin
ciples should be resorted to in this les
son as in the preceding ones, in order
to acquire the best results.
Attack the key with the "down-arm"
movement, striking C with the middle
finger. After a revolution or two, with
More Music Hints
parison of a suspected person's impres
sion a matter of great simplicity.
"The arrests in London for the year
were 112.205, an increase of 2571 over the
preceding year. The value of the prop
erty stolen was $794,500, as against
more than $l,50O,C0O in the previous
year. During the year the police re
stored 17,326 lost persons to their
friends, prevented 652 persons from
committing suicide, extinguished 51
fires, found 24.9S6 windows and doors
insecurely fastened, photographed 5«
unidentified bodies and seized 34.607
dogs."
IT is * reported that the military superintendent of
Yosemite Park recommends that the Government take
immediate possession of all patented lands in the park
and in the forest reserves. Without the full text of the re
port before us this language must be taken in its plain in
tent. ,
Within the parks and reserves there are extensive pri
vate holdings, paid for and patented long before the reser
vations were made. The owners of these properties, and
they include timber and mineral lands and valuable riparian
rights, are now practically forbidden their use, which is bad
enough, but to take immediate possession' of them is worse,
if it were possible that such summary spoliation can be in
dulged in under the constitutional declaration that no citi
zen can be deprived of life, liberty ojr property without due
process of law.
It is quite easy to make the reservation policy so
oppressive as to blind the judgment of men to its vast bene
fits. Within the reservations in this State are located some
of the best of our hydraulic powers. They are usually in
private ownership, antedating by many years the creation of
the reservation. They were not of great importance until
the modern application of electricity. Now, they are im
portant to the economics of considerable sections of the
State. In many extensive mineral districts the operation of
mines is impossible without the use of power from such
sources.
To the ordinary mind no reason appears why such prop
erties, already long patented and in private ownership,
should not be used, under proper Government regulation,
to provide that such use shall not interfere with the object
of park reservations, which is to preserve impressive natural
scenery, or of the forest reservations, which is to preserve
the forests to conserve moisture, but permit the harvest of.
their r'pe timber.
This State is favorable and friendly to all these reserves,
but our people will oppose the summary and* immediate
seizure of private property recommended by the military
superintendent. The report also deals with the jurisdiction
of the Yosemite Valley. The park of the same name is com
monly confused and confounded with the valley. The val
ley is inclosed by the park, but it is administered by the
State as a trust conferred by Congress.
If the reports from the mountains last summer were true
there is danger in divided jurisdiction, for it was said that
when the most destructive fire that ever visited the vicinity
of the valley was raging the State superintendent of the val
ley and the military superintendent of the park stood for
days disputing whether the fire was on Federal or State
territory, until it gained such headway that their combined
forces could not master it until it had destroyed the fine
forest extending from the Wawona road to Glacier Point.
A single jurisdiction would rdider such a catastrophe
YOSEMITE PARK.
Twelve cranks have visited the White House within a
month, the President still lives and the gentlemen with the
unbalanced superstructures are yet among us moving. their
mysterious way. This sort of thing seems to agree with Mr.
Roosevelt, so the superstitious may silence their fears and
await the coming of the thirteenth fellow with the calm as
surance that he will only make the White House a way sta
tion on his road to trouble. . ' ,
Since the organization of the Miners' Association there
has developed a more thorough method and a disposition
to patiently attack the harder problems of mining. By all
means let us kill the wildcats, put an end to swindling
schemes, dignify mining by protecting those who .invest in
it, and surrounding it with all the certainties that mechanics
and chemistry afford, and then let us go further and do
here ourselves and for ourselves all that needs to be done
in the economic reduction of every form. of combination in
which the precious metals and useful minerals are found.
PRESIDENT BELSHAW of the Miners' Association
in his annual address laid proper stress upon the
necessity of hunting down wildcat mining schemes,
by which distant investors, are swindled and a bad name is
extended to legitimate mining. The day has gone by when
mining is all chance. The progress made in the mechanical
and chemical features of mining has made it almost un
necessary to take the great risks that were formerly as
sumed by investors in deposits of the precious metals."
This progress has been promoted by the founding of
schools in mining and metallurgy. Science has come to the
aid of the miner, and nearly all of the former uncertainty in
the industry is canceled. In this State there already exists
a valuable safeguard against wildcat mining, in the State
Mining Bureau, which has its official headquarters and its
vast and valuable museum exhibit in the ferry building. If it
were more widely advertised and known that such an official
body exists, under the laws of California, Eastern people
and foreigners would more generally resort to it for infor-.
mation about the reality of mining. schemes that are put on
the market at a distance, l^;
The building of the isthmian canal will give an impulse
to California mining, because many of our valuable refrac
tory ores have to be sent to Swansea, the metallurgical cen
ter of the world, for reduction. But the Miners' Associa
tion may well inquire why there is not a strong school oi
mines in this State, and why the United States, the great
est mining country in the world, must export its refractory
ores to Wales for reduction, t
The proposition to have a Federal Department of Mines,
with a Cabinet officer at its head, and to include every class
of mining in its jurisdiction, may be an important step
toward the promotion of metallurgy by the creation of the
facilities here which arc now found only in Swansea. The
possibility of an all-water line from this coast to Swansea
will enable the sending of much more ore to that center for
extraction of its values, but it should not deter American min
ing enterprise from seeking to have that extraction done
at home. If the Federal Government will not undertake to
establish such an institution the State of California can well
essay its promotion. Our abundant electrical power, the
close relation of our ore bodies to the manufacturing center
of the State, on San Francisco Bay, and the desirability of
making the most of our mineral wealth, should inspire the
mining interest to move strongly for the establishment of
an American metallurgical center here.
Heretofore mining has followed, the line of least resist
ance. Beginning with the primitive processes that peopled
the placers with a swarm of hardy men, securing the treas
ure by the rudest means, with all the progress of science
we yet seek the precious metals by the easiest methods, and
have been content to leave to a foreign country the profit
of getting the most out of the most difficult ores.
Men whose business It Is to handle
criminals do not hesitate to "fight the
devil with fire." The inside workings
of the far-famed "sweat box" rarely
come into public view. It is better for
every one concerned but the criminal,
perhaps, that the roystrries of that po
lice method of uncovering crime should
be veiled. - • .
In a city not far from San Francisco
there had been a long series of serious
robberies and burglaries, with a mur
der included in the category, that was
giving the police no end of trouble.
After weeks of work, the detectives
arrested a young man under suspicion.
He had been a burglar and a sare
cracker, cool and unyielding to the or
dinary process of police inquisition.
His weaknesses were studied. Among
them an appetite for morphine was dis
closed. Then came a. siege.
Confined incommunicado,- this daring
rogue whose guilt had been morally es
tablished, stiffened against every sort
of persuasion the detectives brought to
bear to induce him to talk. Well knew
he that a word dropped carelessly
might mean his doom. Each day the
craving for the drug grew upon him.
"For days we labored," said the de
tective who told the story. "For days
we failed. Two weeks passed and not
a word from our man% Then we
changed our tactics. Every day we
dangled In front of his cell wicket, but
Jpst out of reach, a vial filled with the
precious morphine. Our man held out
five days and then broke down and
confessed— told enough to enable us to
land him in the State penitentiary for
many year3. He's there now."
"Did he set the 'dope'?" repeated the
thief-taker. "Well, it isn't alwaj-3 wise
to tell everything you do in this busi
ness."
Tantalus Outdone.
The value of this invention will at
once be eeen, as the pupil's attention is
thus forced upon the matter through
no effort of his own. Exactly the same
effect can be gained, however, without
the aid of anv outside instrument if a
little concentration of mind be used,
and personally I prefer the results thus
acquired. The greatest care must al
ways be taken that the pupil's hand
(with the exception of the finger that
happens to be raised at that particular
moment) be kept in perfect position —
that is, the position we acquired by the
"hand-shaping" process and which we
row call "playing position.''
The tendency will be to lean the hand
over toward the keyboard to the right
with the right hand, and toward the
The "practice clavier" has a very
clever arrangement, tay, means of
which one can very quickly accomplish
the end which we have in view. The
instrument emits no musical sound, but
by turning a small crank each note can
b 1 made to give forth an individual
click. Consequently when a pair of
lingers are moving up and down (as in
the exercise we are now studying) if
the letting go of the note by one finger
and the hitting of the next note by the
other finger be not absolutely simulta
neous, there will be two clicks heard
Instead of one, as will be the case if the
two fingers move in opposite directions
at exactly the same instant.
Not a second of time must be wasted
between the going down of one finger
and the coming up of the other. The
counting must be as slow and regular
as ever, but when th& time comes for
one finger to rise and the other to de
descend it must be done with lightning
like rapidity. This rapidity is just as
important as is the necessity for the
slow, even counting, and the relaxing
motion, between jumps, as it were.
When the' finger rises it should give a
regular "Jack-in-the-box" spring, and
its descent should be equally sudden.
If the movement of the two fingers
be not simultaneous, just so much time
is wasted and just that much weight Is
added on the wrong side of the balance
between clumsy, heavy playing and a
light, clean, clear-cut tone.
Now, we will turn our attention par
ticularly to the fingers for a few mo
m^nts. for the time has come when
they. are to be taught to work together,
while at the same time preserving their
independence.
With the hand and arm in playing
position slowly raise the first finger
(thumb), counting "one, two. three"
slowly, as in the striking exercise given
in the last lesson. This time, however,
as the first finger touches the key no
strength is used, and therefore the fin
ger stops a3 it hits the keyboard. Si
multaneously with its touching the key,
however, the second finger leaps up
ward and remains elevated (at the
same time preserving the perfect arch
of the finger joints, as in the original
non-striking exercise for the separate
fingers), while the pupil counts "four,
five, six." after which, still keeping the
second finger elevated (with the tip
pointing straight downward) the relax
ing motion is brought Into play for a
moment; then the counting begins
again, "one, two, three." When "four"
is reached the second finger descends
to its original position on the keyboard,
and the first finger once more rises.
attention, for, in addition to Its value
as a tone producer, it promotes grace
and beauty of motion in the pianist to
be gained in no other way. Again, let
mo refer to Paderewskl as a shining
example and a fit subject for imitation.
One can almost see the drops of water
flowing from his fingers, bo perfect is
the movement
MINING AND WILDCATTING.
to make tranquillity the permanent condition of Panama.
Having failed so soon, does he expect that we will go on
forever attending to his business for him? As well might
Spain have expected that, instead of making Cuba indepen
dent and peaceful, we would turn the island over to her after
ending the revolution.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . . . • ¦..;_.. • .. • Address All Commtxnicatioiis to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Hanager
Publication Office .~ ••• C^i§i§ll±> ••• Third and Market Streets, S. P.
WEDNESDAY • • NOVEMBER 18, 1903
THE! SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, IMS.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
WATER MOTION, RETURNING.
8Of the Southern Pacific now run in both di
rections dally, except Sunday, leaving Berry
man 7:00 and 8:05 a, m. and Berkeley '7 :0£
and 8:08 a. m.; returning, leave San Fran
cisco 5:30 and 6:00 p. .m. , *
Berkeley Flyers
Steamship Texan Makes Record Run!
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 17.— -The
steamship Texan. Captain ] Morrison; of
the American-Hawaiian Steamship
Company, arrived here to-day after a
record run from Tacoma, Wash., hav
ing made the trip to Delaware Break
water, without stops for coal or water
In fifty-six days and four hours. She
left Tacoma September 21. Her aver
age speed was 10% knots an hour, ' or
about- 250 miles: a day,, for the 13,998
miles.' The Texan brings 58,884 bags of
sugar, , transshipped from Honolulu' to
Tacoma, and also a general cargo from
Tacoma and Seattle for New York.
WATSONVILLE, Nov. 17.— A murder
was committed early this evening at
the Japanese colony located on the
Martin ranch. From the meager de
tails at hand it appears that H. J.
Zumni. becoming enraged at his broth
er, picked up an ax and nearly -sev
ered his relative's . head from his body.
He then fled. Officers have started in
pursuit of the murderer.
Crime Committed Near Watsonville
and Officers Are in Chaso
of Murderer.
JAPANESE TAKES LIFE
OF BROTHER IN FIGHT
Suicide of a Prominent Resident of
Santa Cruz Surprises tho
People. £&£
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 17.— Peter Bat
tagliola, a wealthy hotel-keeper and a
man very prominent in the Italian col
ony, killed himself this morning. He
was found a mile from his hotel, lying
in the middle of Soquel avenue, with
three knife wounds in his throat. Two
years ago his wife died. and since that
time he appeared insane.
For twenty-two years Battagllola
had resided in this county. His estate
is worth, $20,000. He was 46 years of
age and a native of Italy.
WELX-KNOWN HOTEL-KEEPER
TAKES HIS OWN LIFE
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 17.— The search
for Councilman and acting Mayor. L.
L. Veirs to-day has proven unavailing,
and his friends are beginning to believe
that he has taken his departure for
good or that something serious has
happened to him. The financial diffi
culties in which he was involved were
not such that would necessitate his
hiding, although he Is now freely
charged with having forged the names
of relatives to notes at the Exchange
Bank, and a number of private Individ
uals are also holding notes which are
alleged to contain forged indorsements
as security.
Veirs was to have presided at a meet
ing of the Commdn Ceuncll to-night,
but owing to his non-appearance, the
sickness of the Mayor and the absence
of two Councllmen no quorum could
be had and the meeting was postponed.
ABSENT COUNCILMAN
IS NOT TO BE FOUND
Santa Bosans Continue to Puzzle
Over the Disappearance
of Veirs.
The Western Pacific agrees to pay
for all this 528,870 86 at the time of the
execution and delivery of the deed and
also to transfer and deliver as further
consideration 20,000 shares of the fully
paid up capital stock of the Western
Pacific Company.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.— The West
ern Pacific Railway Comapny filed in
the County, Recorder's office of this
county to-day an agreement entered
Into between that corporation and the
Sacramento and Oakland Railway
Company whereby the latter company
agrees to sell, transfer and convey unto
the Western Pacific Company certain
lots, pieces and parcels of land sit
uated In Alameda County, together
with all rights of way. all terminal
properties, depot sites, cars, tools and
equipments of every kind, franchises,
etc.
NEW RAILROAD MAKES
AN" AGREEMENT FOR LAND
Western Pacific Arranges at Sacra
mento for Property in Ala
meda County.
The examination of Watson was
started at the request of Nelson R.
Doe, formerly manager of the New
York branch of Porter Brothers Com
pany. At several previous hearings
when Watson was asked for informa
tion regarding rebates he refused to
testify on the ground he might Incrim
inate himself.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— The testimony
of former employes of Porter Brothers
Company regarding rebates said to
have been received by James S. Wat
son, president of the commission con
cern, has led the Interstate Commerce
Commission to look into the matter.
Watson has been testifying before
Bankruptcy Referee Wean at irregu
lar Intervals for the past few weeks
and an agent of the interstate body
has been attending the hearings.
Will I^jok Into Matter of President
of Porter Brothers Company
Receiving Rebates.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE
COMMISSION INTERESTED
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 17.— The
Alaska Packing and Navigation Company
has opened a large clam cannery in
Alaska within two miles or Wrangel, the
nrst output, consisting of 1000 cases of
clams and clam nectar, having been
placed on the market at Juneau. It is
stated that the company has received
orders for more clams than the can
nery can supply during the winter.
At tbe Federal building it was said
that a United States Senator, was im
mune from arrest on charges of the na
ture of those named In the Indictment
while Congress is in session. As a con-
fice for the benefit of the surrounding
property owners, it was suggested that
the difference in the rental be made up
by a subscription from the interested
parties.
At this Junoture the Senator was
called upon to indorse for the position
of postmaster one of the applicants,
the coit,i etition having narrowed dawn
to the Mayor, Jacob Fi«her, and the
editor of the Hastings Tribune, Adam
Breede. An understanding was
finally reached by which Fisher was to
receive th*> appointment of postmaster
on condition that he purchase the post
offlce fixtures belonging to the Grand
Army post at the price which It had
paid for them, and it is said Fisher also
agreed to reimburse the Senator for
the difference by which he had been
compelled to reduce the rental from his
original figure of 51500 In order to meet
the offers that had been made on be
half of a location at the other end of
the street. This difference of 5200, it Is
said, was to have been made up in
equal portions by the postmaster and
his deputy, and it is alleged that it was
paid for a few months, and then, when
the Senator discovered Its questionable
character, the money was returned to
Postmaster Fisher and Deputy Francis.
DISTBICT ATTORNEY TALKS.
The charge has been made against
District Attorney Summers that he had
not treated eome of the witnesses fair
ly, two of them. William Dutton and
Elliott Lowe, being mentioned in par
ticular. These men are said to have
asked the court for protection. Attor
ney Summers had this to say:
"I have never bullied or browbeaten
a witness In my life, either before a
grand Jury or elsewhere. I never had
a conversation with Mr. Dutton about
his testifying untir* he came to me in
person and said that he wanted to go
before the grand Jury and tell the truth
and all the truth. Mr. Lowe came to
me and said he did not know anything
about the matters that were the.sub
ject of inquiry, and I answered that,
such being the case, he probably was
subpoenaed by mistake. Mr. Lowe this
morning denied any connection with the
request for protection." .'•;'-
On the allegation that he was ani
mated by political differences against
Senator Dietrich, Summers said:
"I never asked him for.lndorsemenl.
As to the charge that I have brought
this matter before the grand Jury as a
means to compel the President to re
appoint me, there is absolutely nothing
in it. This investigation's made be
cause I believe it my duty as an officer
and for no other purpose whatever."
Postmaster Fisher to-day appeared In
Judge Munger*s court, gave a bond for
$1000 for his appearance later, and was
released.
The programme for Friday afternoon
includes all that is good in the cur
rent bills at the principal theaters.
William Kelley, the Ben Hur of the
great production at the Grand Opera
house, and Miss Julia A. Herne, the
Esther of the «cast, have volunteered,
and Virginia Harned, now playing
San Francisco in aid of their
charity fund for the sick and needy in
the profession. The benefit will take
place at the Columbia Theater next
Friday afternoon. Since the managers
organized four years ago they have ac
complished untold good and no unfor
tunate actor has ever appealed to them
in vain. The sick have been cared for,
stranded Eastern performers have been
returned to their homes and unfor
tunate thespians who have died here
in poverty have been given decent
burial.
aREAT interest is being mani
fested In the fifth annual ben
efit to be given by the Asso
ciated Theatrical Managers of
sequence, Senator Dietrich will not be
apprehended at this time. He will be
notified of his indictment, however, and
It is expected he will appear in court
when he can conveniently do so.
Pinero's "Iris" at the Columbia, as
sisted by William Courtenay, will pre
sent for the first time in America "A
Queen's Messenger," a one-act drama
by J. Hartley Manners, also of the
"Iris". company. Mr. Manners was co
author with Mrs. Langtry in her play,
"The Crossways." The Alcazar stock
company will produce the third act of
Pinero's "Lady Bountiful"; the contri
bution from the Central will be the
third act of "At Valley Forge," and
the principals and chorus of the Tivo
11 grand opera company will be heard
in the sextet from "Lucia," under the
direction of Paul Steindorff. The Or
pheum will offer four of the best acts
in modern vaudeville and the Chutes
will send in a startling acrobatic turn.
On account of the length of the pro
gramme the overture by the best musi
cians from the various theater orches
tras will be played at 1 o'clock sharp.
The performance will be continuous,
the programme having been so arrang
ed that there will be no waits of any
description.
CLEVER THESPIANS "WHO HAVE VOLUNTEERED THEIR SER
VICES FOR THE BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT TO BE GIVEN BY
THE THEATRICAL MANAGERS' ASSOCIATION.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The follow
ing Calif ornians registered here to-day:
At the Ebbitt— Samuel Shaen, Mrs.
Samuel Shaen, Miss Edna Shaen and
Mrs. H. G. Strausfler of San Francisco.
At the New Willard— Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. Gray, Mr. and Mrs. William Moller.
Miss Ernestine Moller and Miss Edna
Moller of Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. C. B.
Scovlll of Pasadena, and J. A. Chans
lor and A. B. Butler- of San Francisco.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— Senator
Dietrich said to-day of his indictment
it Omaha on the charge of conspiracy
und bribery In connection with the ap
pointment of Jacob Fisher as postmas
t- r at Hastings, Nebr.:
.There is absolutely nothing to have
u tho indictment. I have never
received a dollar or any property from
Mr. Fisher or any other person in ex
change for my influence. I have some
bitter enemies. As Governor, I re
fused to pardon Joe Bartley, the de
faulting ex-State Treasurer. I have it
from reliable authority that Mr. Sum
ixfjr-s, the present United States Dis
trict Attorney, is largely responsible
for securing the pardon of Bartley. It
Las been intimated to me for a long
time that Summers would make me
trouble if I did not cease my endeavor
to have him ousted from his present po
¦ttton. 1 do not know, of course, the
testimony given to secure my indict
ment. It must have been absolutely
false or I would not have been in
dicted."
Senator Dietrich, accompanied by
Senator Hanna and Editor Rosewater
of .the Omaha Bee, called upon Attor
ney General Knox to-<3ay for a confer
ence. The Senator said he intended to
go to Nebraska to stand trial, but felt
that his case would te prejudiced if
District Attorney Summers has charge
£>t the prosecution. As a result of the
talk with. the Attorney General the lat
ter will have a consultation with the
President about the case, and it is
probable that Summers will be relieved
from the conduct of the Dietrich case
ur.d that Assistant District Attorney
Hush of Nebraska or some attorney
Om the Department of Justice at
Washington will be detailed to manage
jthe prosecution. The question of Dis
. triCt Attorney Summers' retention in
, office also came up, but it cannot be
learned thai any promise was made by
the Attorney General.
FISHERS FRIENDS EXPLAIN.
OMAHA; Nebr., Nov. 17.— The indict
. meet of United States Senator Charles
• H. Dietrich and Postmaster Jacob
Fisher of Hastings, Nebr., on charges
*)f bribery and conspiracy in connection
with the appointment of the latter as
postmaster, was a Fubject of extreme •
•.interest in Omaha to-day. At the Fed
eral b.uilding email groups of Govern- i
ment officials, employes and others j
- gathered to discuss the subject.
The details of the postmastership
transaction in Hastings, as given out j
trr-day by Fisher's friends, are as fol
lows:
The poFtoffice in Hastings, up to two i
years a^o, was located in a building •
erected by the local post of the Grand i
Azmy of the Republic. Previous to in- !
FtaiJarion in this building the postof- i
fue had been in other quarters and ¦
Kucressive postmasters had provided
the fixtures themselves. The Grand i
• Army bought the fixtures for 5500 and
their use was included in the Govern- |
rent lease.
• About three years ago considerable I
effort was made to procure better ac- j
€¦< rr.modations for the postofflce busi- !
ress, the contention becoming one be- ;
tv.pen the opposite ends of town. Sen- :
at'or Deitrich, w-*io had then Just been
elected Governor, had put up a new ¦
buildinp near the Grand Army building J
end, anticipating the removal of the.
T'ostoffice, took up the subject with the !
r r >stoffiee authorities during a visit to j
Washington. A lease was agreed upon, ;
subject to more specific terms, but the j
rest)tiations were not concluded until
after Governor Deitrich had been elect- |
ed United States Senator. In the mean
time property owners interested in the j
other section of the city made counter!
bffers at reduced rentals, and, in order !
to hold the postoffice in the vicinity of j
Peitrich's property a lease was finally j
drawn and signed at a rental of 51300, ;
omitting the requirement of the owner
to supply the fixtures.
DEAL WITH POSTMASTER.
Relieving that Dietrich was renting
his property for less than it was worth j
. for the purpose of holding the postof-
District Attorney Whom He Sought
to Have Ousted Responsible
for the Lawmaker's
Troubles.
Ssys False Testimony Was
Given Before Federal
Grand Jury.
Only forty-three American clerks are
employed in United States consular of
fices. The salaries are so small that
only foreigners will take the places. To
underpaid foreign clerks, who are anx
ious to piece out their incomes, Pierce
says, much of the inefficiency of the
American consular service and many
of the charges of dishonesty are du«».
He urges the j employment of only
Americans as Cpnsuls, vice-consuls
and clerks, and suggests that native
born Americans are much more satis
factory than men of foreign birth, who
are naturalized In the United States
and sent back to the land of their na
tivity for service.
Under the present system a fee for
certifying an invoice is $2 50. It mat
ters not whether the invoice is for $100
or $100,000 worth of goods." No charge
is made for certifying an invoice of less
than 5100, and no maximum limit is set
as to the amount which may be placed
on an invoice. In consequence large
shipments of goods are frequently list
ed in invoices of less than $100 and
scores of distinct invoices are often
combined in one to avoid the payment
of more than one fee.
Thomas W. Peters, United States
Consul at Plauen, Germany, reported
one case to Pierce, in which a promi
nent American merchant had combined
105 distinct invoices in one. Many cases
have been listed on separate invoices.
Pierce recommends a complete revi
sion of the method of certifying in
voices. He would have certificates of
every invoice worth more than 525 and
would not permit any invoice to exceed
5100.000. He would have a minimum fee
of 25 c*>nts and a maximum fee of 550.
The increased income of consular agen
cies under this system would make it
possible to employ additional expert
help, which would, in Pierce's opinion,
bring about an increase of at least
5100,000 a year in the Government's re
ceipts.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Frauds
in the declarations of goods exported
to the United States, which cost the
United States 51,000,000 a year, are laid
bare in the report of Third Assistant
Secretary Pierce on the American con
sular service in Europe.
These frauds are made possible by
faulty methods of certifying invoices,
and, according to Pierce's report, are
the direct result of a short-sighted pol
icy in the payment of the Consuls. and
Consular Agents and clerks. Exporters
are taking advantage of the United
States at practically all ports wher.e
goods are exported to the United States
upon which ad valorem duties are col
lected. Shrewd merchants are especial
ly active at French and German ports,
where the exportations to American de
partment stores swell the volume of
business and make it impossible for the
overworked officials to go through the
invoices with care. The expense ac
counts of Consuls are shaved so closely
that they are unable to employ agents
who are expert in judging expensive
wares shipped to the United States.
Valuable laces and other finery pass
through the hands of inexperienced in
spectors and escape their share of tax
ation.
PARIS, Nov. 17.— Edwin Lord Weeks,
the American painter, died Monday
evening at his residence. 12 Rue Leon
ard de Vince. He had been ill about
two nionths, but was not thought to be
in danger. He had a complication of
ills resulting from fevers contracted
several years ago in India, where he
had passed much time studying Ori
ental subjects for painting.
"Weeks was about 55 years old. He
was a member of the Society of Ameri
can Painters in Paris, his colleagues
being Bishpam Brldgman, Melchior S.
Gay, Dannat and Vail. He was a pupil
of Bonnat during his early days when
he studied, in "Paris at. the same time
with Pearce, Blashfleld and Beckwith.
He was famous for pictures of life in
Oriental countries. On Monday he told
his wife he wanted to go into his stu
dio, where the sight of his pictures and
other familiar objects, it was thought,
would encourage him and give him
more strength, but after reaching the
studio he was obliged to lie on a couch,
where he remained until hfe died.
Weeks was born in Boston in 1849
and went as a youth to Paris, where he
entered Ecole des Beaux Arts. While
pursuing his studies there he frequent
ly visited the studios of Bonnat and
Gerome and acquired his love of Ori
ental subjects, decoration and- art from
his former master.
He afterward returned to Boston and
there lived for some years, making oc
casional journeys to Egypt, the Holy
Land and Morocco. He exhibited at
the salon and at displays of the Paris
Societe des Amis des Arts and received
many honors. At the salon of 1SS5 he
received honorable mention and at the
salon of 1889 he was medaled. He was
also, medaled at the exposition of 1889.
The artist found his subjects for the
most part in the Orient and has been
well called "the American Gerome."
He loved to depict the architecture,
interiors, costumes and street and
home life of the Arabs and Moors, as
well as the wild life of the same people
in the desert. He was a strong
draughtsman, a master of composition
and a good colorist. His pictures are
truthful, pleasing and strong.
Special Dispatch to -The CalL
Soc-ety of American Artists
in Prance Loses Distin
guished Member.
Nebraska Senator De
nounces Political
Enemy.
Foreign Exporters Take Ad
vantage of Inefficient
Consular Service
Official Finds Govern
ment Loses $1,000,
000 Yearly.
Ed.win L. Weeks Passes
Away at His Home
in Paris.
INDICTMENT
STIRS ANGER
OF DIETRICH
NOTED PAINTER
DIES SUDDENLY
DISCOVERS VAST
CUSTOMS FRAUDS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, . 1903.
All That Is Good in Current Bills at the Gig's Principal
Playhouses Will Be Presented Next Friday Afternoon
at the Columbia by Associated Theatrical Managers
BENEFIT FOR AOTORS' FUND
PROMISES GREAT RESULTS
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WATCH FOB THE
BEAUTIFUIi PICTURES
IN THE BIO
THANKSGIVING
EDITION,
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
J1 l"mTT 011170 FOR BARBERS, BA-
DnUjllijU kers - bootblacks, bath-
*¦* X1 V T *f" ~* •: ¦ houses, blllla^ tables,
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyets, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangere, printers; -' painters, • shoe factories,
itablem«n, tar-roofers, ; tanners; tailors, etc
. ' . BUCHANAN BSOS..
Brush Manuf aotureri. 609 Sacramento St,
Schools and Colleges*
Hi* imV^IJ §|J \\ fe^l
fl^'l 'v!^K ¦''fSB^H 1 Pl Ton!
LEADING BUSINESS V COLLEGE 2 OF ¦ THE
- ; WEST, s 24 Post ' St.. Ban Francisco, Cal.
Established 40 years. - Open entire year.
Write for illustrated catalogue (tree).
One Bottle Cares
Rheumatism or
Neuralgia. f^Slk
MCBURNEY'S KID- ffel W}?-^
NEY AND BLAD- 7f» r %?*2&!
DER CURE Is guar- S? i_£ AjWf
anteed to be abau- lpt . " •*»
lutely harmless and K\ wf
a strong tonic * n I t - I
building up the weak C^« y*v
and debilitate* It J_X» *S i\-
cular Rheumatism? SUIT Back and .
Pains in the Hips and Loins, Chronlo H
Rheumatism. Sciatica, Lumbago and m
almost invariably cures before one bot- B
i ¦ "¦^Jrlght's "Disease. Brick Dust Deposit. B
Bed Wetting, Gravel. Dropsy. Wa^etes g
cured with one bottle McBurney's Kid. H
ney and Bladder Cure. Relief in 20 |
minutes. Express prepaid ?1 60. Send g
25 cents to W. F. MeBurney for five ¦
days' treatment. J 226 South Spring &
street. Los Angeles. Bold by druggists, g
Look in each package for a copy of
th*» famous little book, "The Road to
Well ville."
"We soon learned that Postum does
not exhilaYate or depress and does not
stimulate, but steadily and t honestly
strengthens the nerves and the stom-
ach. To make a long story short, our
entire family have now used Postum
for eight years with completely satis-
fying results as shown in our fine con-
dition of health, and we have noticed
a rather unexpected improvement in
brain and nerve power." Name given
>fcy Postum Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Increased brain and nerve power al-
ways follow the use of Postum in place
of coffee, sometimes in a very marked
manner.
"My husband had been drinking cof-
fee all his life until it had affected his
nerves terribly. I persuaded him to
shift to Postum and it was easy to get
him to make the change, for the Pos-
tum is so delicious. It certainly work-
cd wonders for him.
She says: "At the time Postum was
first put on the market I was suffering
from nervous dyspepsia and my physi-
cian had repeatedly told me not to use
tea or coffee. Finally I decided to take
his advice and try Postum and got a
pample and had it carefully prepared,
finding it delicious to the taste. So I
continued its use and very soon its
beneficial effects convinced me of its
\alue, fr, r 1 got well of my nervousness
and dyspepsia.
A woman who has used Postum Food
Coffee since it came upon the market
eight years ago knows from experience
the necessity of using Postum in place
cf coffee if one values health and a
steady brain.
AN OLD TIMER
Has Had Experiences.
POSTUM CEEEAL.
..CALIFORNIA..
After the Imitations Hero is the Real One!
ROSE MELVILLE,
The Original
SIS HOPKINS.
| EXTRA MATINEE TO-MOBROw""j
Next Sunday— "AT THE OLD CROSS
ROADS.
NEXT FRIDAY — At 1 p. m. Sharp.
CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
» COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented.
AT ni7 ID B*la«eo A Mayer.
ALCAZAR zTtis
: General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
The Club's £^
Immense
15 *"* ri * / Lautfaingr
••••Dduy.... **•
Evgs., 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. ft Sun.. 13c to 50c.
Next Monday^ — First Stock Production of Sol
Smith Russell's Great Success.
A POOR RELATION.
EXTRA MAT. THANKSGIVING!
NEXT FRIDAY AFTERNOON at 1 Sharp,
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER.
EVERT THEATER REPRESENTED.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phona South Sui.
TO-NIGHT— AIX THIS WEEK,
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUJiTJAT. 3
The Gorgeous Dramatic Spectacle.
I UNDERTHE POLAR STAR
Introducing for th« first time in the United
States tbe Esquimaux and Esquimau Doc
Train of Koltchoffs Arctic and Alaxkan Ex-
hibit, en route to St. Louis World's Fair.
GREATEST ATTRACTION OF THE WEEK.
nnirrc. Evenings lOo to 5«»o
riilLLJ. Matinee* 10c. 15c. 23c
Monday. Nov. 23 — "Midnight la Chinatown.'?
Friday Afternoon, November 20. at 1 sharp.
Grand Charity Fund Benefit at U» Columbia
Theater. Every theater r«pr*s»*nted.
TIVOLlSo^
?? : .V TO-NIGHT. • -*-~
Friday and Saturday Nights,
Bellini's Romantic Opera. '
"I'PURITANl"
Thursday and Eunday Nights, Saturday Mat-
laee,
Lesncarallo's Oreatest Work.
Prices aa Usual .*.... 23c, 50c, TSe
Telephone Bosh 0.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. November 20, at 1
sharp. GRAND " CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
at the COLUMBIA THEATER.
EVERY THEATER REPRESENTED.
XKQZ.SSZDB ATTTOXOBXU: BACX3
SHOWN IN MOVING PICTURES.
AND A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
SEE THE COLORED BABY IN THE INFANT
INCUBATOR.
HAMADSYASHT THE ZOO! .
AMATEUR \ NIGHT THURSDAY.
When Phoning Ask for "Th« Chut««."
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp.
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT
At the COLUMBIA THEATER.
- ' Every Theater Represented.
Paiarp don't fail to
laiaWW 8ee beantifnl
1 COURT Lonnging
ftfifl room, thi EMPIRE
ai * U PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
llTflfifl LOUIS XV PAR-
Ul UllU. lor, and the LA-
H 1 1 DIES* WRITING
Hotels room.
AT 1 TRUNK for $ 6 00
An excellent trunk, durably \ made,
with all heavy - brass trimmings,
brass lock, two extra A/ - AA
trays, double strapped, \(% fill
and an extra good value tDUtllU
at $9.50. Our special price H'v^ww
DBESS SUIT CASE — Genuine sole
leather, strongly made, nicely fin-
ished and very handsome A/ , AA
In appearance. Worth \L(\ III!
J9.50. Our special OU«"U
price '
New holiday leather goods arriving
dally. All very attractive and em-
brace chatelaines, bags and suit
cases. Prices are the most reason-
able In town. Come in and look
them over.
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trunks and Leather Goods.
128132 Ellis Street. Above Powell,
San Francisco. -
AMUSEMENTS.
SPECIAL!
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, NOVEMBER 20,
AT 1 O'CXOCK SHARP.
7ZFTB AUHUA1 BEITEPXT USDZTS TH71 AUSPICES OP THD
ASSOCIATES TKEATBICAXi aSASAQSBS OF SAXT TTL ATI CISCO.
IN AID OB" THEIR
Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and Needy in the Profession.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE.
TAI.EHT FBO2X OBAXTO OPESA-HOUSB, CO&TTMBXA THSATEB, CAXJ7OB-
ZTXA TEEATEE, OBPHEUai, AIiCAZAB, TIVOLI OPTKA -HOUSE, CX3T-
TSAL THSATEB, CHUTES.
Tickets Are on Sal* at tbe Box Offices of An Theaters.
vUhUlfifiE'ft IEADISQ TKEATHc
ENQAOEMENT LJMITED TO TWO WEEKS.
EVENINGS AT 8 O'CLOCK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL. MATINEE THANKSGIVttia DAT.
Charles Frohman Presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
In A. W. Pinero's Masterpiece,
"IRIS,"
The Moat Talked Of Play of the Past Decade.
Reserved seats, $2, $1 60, $1, 75c, 50c.
Friday Afternoon, Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp,
GBAI7D CHABITT PTHSTD ' BE5EPIT
At the Columbia Theater.
Every Theater Represented.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY, Nor. 13.
Parquet* Any Seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, Any Part Except Reserved. 10c.
EPICUREAN VAUDEVILLE.
WRIGHT HUNTINQTON AND _ COMPANY:
THREE ZOLARS; SERRA AND BELLA-
ROSA; THE BRITTON8: BELLMAN AND
MOORE: WARREN" AND BLANCHARD:
JACK THEO TRIO; PHIL AND NETTIE
PETERS AND THE '•VILLAGE CHOIR"
QUARTET.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp,
GRAND CHARITY FUND BENEFIT.
At the COLUMBIA THEATER.
Every Theater Represented. .
THE ONE I THAT THE
HOUSE ! LI.SE
At the box office never breaks
[| RUBES A DID ROSES |
Crowdinr the House Right Along.
A Musical Comedy of Cyclonic Fun.
Our "AH-Etar" Cast. Including: KOLB
AND DILL, BARNEY BERNARD. WIN-
FIELD BLAKE, MAUDE AMBER, GEOR-
GIA O*RAMEY. BEN T. DILLON.
- DON'T OVERLOOK
II Mm V^» Urn I
Monday, November 30. Seats now on sale.
MATINEE ON THANKSGIVING.
GRANDS
MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night and All This and Next Week.
Evgs. at 8; Mat. Wed. and Sat. at 3.
KLAW AND ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of Gen. "Wallace's
"BEN HUR"
Dramatized by William Young.
- Music by Edgar Stlllman Kelley.
Positively Last Performance of "Ben Hur"
Saturday Night. November 28.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
Friday Afternoon. Nov. 20. at 1 Sharp.
GRAND CKAJUTY rCHD BS2TS7XT
At the Columbia Theater.
Every Theater Represented.
Racing ![p§l^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. *
Commencing November 14.
' Racing Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track tak*
S P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In
last two cafti. which are reserved for ladles
and their escorts.
Returning, trains leave track at 4:15* and
4:45 and Immediately after tho last race.
- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary. ,
HISCELLANEOTJS AMUSEMENTS.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE.
JUDGE SEPTIMUS J. HANNA. C. S. D.. of
Colorado Springs, Colo.,
. A member of the Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of th» First Church of Christ,
Scientist," In Boston,' Mass..
Will Glv« a LECTURE on
CHRISTIAN - SCIENCE -In the ALH AMBRA
THEATER MONDAY EVENING. NCA
VEMBER 23. at 8 o'clock.
Th« lecture is free and all are ' cordially in-
rited. .. - ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m J&&!£^*4&^ ¦&• Million American Beauties
a e P their blood pure, their com-
»9 plexion soft and *lear, their
If >US^^^ I^^^^^K^P7 breath street and their whole
w «|S^^^%^'/Si'&%^^^S^l bodies active and healthy with
H E§3{£ r.fpZl - AT«&^mHEB» OASCARETS Candy Cathartic.
j| J3gs3BaE&je53i5gl£5 alfirl TkoViickefrectaofCASGARETS
N ' HWa^fe? y iaSa^ T &* system cleaners and blood
til ffiHgpl^^Jif^Br 'StJ^/m^i*- V ar^ era '> their promptness in
H fija vbsS^M^^^^^W liave become known through tho
U ,*3a HgySrV^ JS&zgfsr kind words of ladies who have
ra Q*&tk. tried them. Henco the sale of
II silk S-JPtJK*"**^ over a million boxes a
O iSii^ MONTH. The quickest, surest
fa fiK^^^^^^^^V way *° beauty is to cleanse the
U _^^ — blood, for Beauty's Blood Deep,
tj .^^^f*S§s3M3sii»w Th.e first rule for purifyingr the
a r < e&&*^^&$£&!^. blood is to keep the bowels free,
H - P&$m&*£r^ srently but positively with CAS-
% V*$&rs %S CARETS. AUdrUeTffista,10o,25o,
H Y f "Th*v mat* mm 60a Never eold In bulk. The gen-
|| f femi to good." uine tablet stamped O O O. Sazn-
|| / pie and booklet free. Address
|| g STEHLJNa •RTrykTTiv COMPANY, Chicago or New York.
I A&3E3SJAL SALE-TEnIeILLION BOXES
& Greatest in the I j <&When you- compare a. Yankee girl's
gowns with the English woman's toes do
you wonder that the lords cross the >sea3
to find their ladies? -
It isn t the same old story by any means
when a man finds his old love letters
marked "Exhibit A."
Third race, seven furlongs— Coruscate
won. Autumn Leaves second, Orfeo
third. Time. 1:34.
Fourth race, handicap, one and a six
teenth miles — Fonsoluca " won," Tam
1 Second race, six furlongs— Liba Lelb
won. Katie Powers second, Allista
third. Time. 1:20%.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 17.— Latonia re
sults:
: First race, one mile— Satchel won.
Easy Trade second, Christine A third.
Time, 1:51.
Results of the Races at Latonia and
Bennings Tracks. ¦
WINNERS BEYOND THE DIVIDE.
FB0BA.BI.E WUflKRS.
Tixti race— Irftyal s. Man of Honor.
Adirondack.
Second race— T. J. Cox, Bombardier.
Karbor.
Third race— Tower of Candles, Mee
hanus. Aunt Polly.
Pourtli race— Sad Sam, Money Must.
Brjnie Biurton.
ruth race— Dodio 8, Kio Shannon,
Erne.
_. s £. t *, ?"f*~ Be * n O«aonde. Warte
XTicht, Dainty.
. SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 17.— A little,
withered, dissipated, insane woman
died last week in the Steilacobm Asy
lum, where she had been committed
from this city. In recent years she
had been known about Seattle as An
nie Rooney and most of her time was
spent in the county Jail.
4i. S l nce u her death U has been learned
that she was Florence Story, the
daughter of a wealthy New York phy
sician. She was splendidly educated
and finished the cultivation of marked
musical talent by graduating from the
Boston Conservatory. When heH fam
ily moved to Detroit she ran away and
married Del Bartino, a variety actor
and singer of some note. He put her
on . the stage and together they ap
peared' at- the variety theaters of the
country. Between sixteen and seven
teen years ago ¦Bartino deserted her
for another woman and she started on
the down grade. She was * not more
than 42 years old when she died, but
had the appearance of a woman of 60
Melancholy End of the Daughter of
a Wealthy New York
Physician.
WOMAN ONCE REFINED -
DIES IN. AN ASYLUM
•Sixth race, one mile, 6elling— Gaviota
won, Hoodwink second. Past third.
Time, 1:42 1-5.
O'Shanter second, Judge Himes third.
Time, 1:55%.
Fifth race, five and a half fur
longs—Preakness won, Hobson's Choice
second, Trpuator third. Time, l:13Vi.
Sixth race, one mile — Miss Aubrey
won. Lady Matchless second, Mamselle
third. Time, 1:49U.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Bennings
results:
First race, seven furlongs, selling—
Gloriosa won, Widow's Mite second.
Wager third. Time, 1:29. • ¦¦
Second race, six furlongs — Burdette
won, Ancestor second, M. T?heo third.
Time, 1:17.
Third race, one mile and forty yards
— Wild Pirate won, Trepan second. Sa
tire third. Time, 1:46 3-5.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs —
Golden Drop won, Reveille' second,
Sweet Tone. third. Time, 1:16.
Fifth race, maidens, one mile and six
ty yards— Clover Land won. Burning
Glass second, Russell Garth .' third.
Time. 1:50.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— President
Pulllam Issued a call to-day for the
annual meeting of the National League
and American Association of Profes
sional Ball Clubs to be held in this city
December 8.
Baseball Magnates to Meet.
Paul Martin and Joe Carroll, the pre
mier 125-pound amateur t boxers of the
coast, will meet in the main event of
the Bay City Club's show to-night at
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex. Carroll
has outgrown the 115-pound class, of
which he was champion. There are
five other bouts on the card.
Cleyer Amateur Boxers Matched.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Scottish , Bowling Club will be
¦JgS" ™ 7 Thursday evening in Scottish
Hall, 117 Larkin street. The election of
officers and other important business
will be transacts*. I3!
Scottish Bowlers' Election.
San Francisco Physician Dies.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 17.— Dr. Alphons«
Mervy, who came to San Diego from
San Francisco on account of falling
health three months ago, died this ev
ening Prior to leaving San Francisco
he was a practicing physician in that
city.
TACOMA. Wash., Nov. 17.— Martin
Voorhies, treasurer of the Kapowsin
Lumber Company and a prominent lum
berman, died this afternoon. He was
a native of Detroit.
and a Darty of friends.
Lou M. Houseman, sporting editor of
the Chicago Inter Ocean and one of the
best known authorities in America on
boxing, gives this estimate of Canole:
"Far Eastern critics are unanimous
in pronouncing .Canole one of the best
boxers in the lightweight division turn
ed out in that section, of the country
for many years. His record includes
defeats of Martin Flaherty and Dan
ny Duane when those boys were at
their best, besides many minor victo
ries.
"In none of his battles has Canole
been compelled to extend himself, win
ning every engagement with compara
tive ease. His most notable achieve
ment was the defeat of Jack O'Keefe
the cleverest pugilist of his weight in
Chicago. As O'Keefe holds a decision
over Britt and a draw with him to his
credit, Canole, if he lives up to his
Eastern reputation, should manage to
carry off the big end of the purse when
he faces the crack Californian.
"It is also worthy of notice. that Ca
nole, like his prospective opponent, is
one of the few. light weights now be
fore the public who can reach the true
weight limit for that class— 133 pounds
ringside— and do himself . Justice He
uses a clean, straight left when In ac
tion that is very effective In checking
a rush and scores up points with be
wildering-rapidity. At the same time
he is not devoid of punching ability and
cairies a knock-out -blow in the right
glove that should bring him the money
if he gets It across to Brltt's jaw. The
coast lad has no easy task before him.
If he whips Canole decisively he 'will
have earned the right to be considered
the best white light weight in the
county— in fact in the world— as none of
the foreign boxers are worthy of being
placed on a level with our ring artists."
Betting has not oommenced In earn
est on the Fitzsimmons-Gardner fight,
but it is expected the prevailing odds
will be 10 to 6, with Fitzsimmons fa
vorite. • : -..
The first event of the winter season
did not bring out so many members of
the Ladies' Annex of the San Francisco
Golf Club yesterday morning on the
Presidio links as was expected. Among
the absentees, who will take part in
subsequent contests, were: Mrs. R. Gil
man Brown, Miss M. B. Houghton, Mrs.
Leroy Nickel. Mrs. R. D. Girvin and
Mrs. Shields. The competition was a
handicap over eighteen holes, medal
play, and was won by Mrs. E. S. Miller,
with a net score of 103; Miss Edith
Chesebrough being second, with a gross
and net score of 105. The complete
scores follow:
Competitors. Gross. Handicap. Net
Mrs. E. S. Miller. 107 4 103
Miss Chesebrough 105 Scratch 105
Miss Hoffman 114 6 108
Mrs. J. R. Clark. 112 Scratch 112
Miss Alice Hager .^118 2 116
LADIES IN GOLF HANDICAP
ON THE PRESIDIO LINKS
Email Number of Competitors Take
Part in Opening Event
of Winter.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 17.
— The varsity diamond was the center
of attraction for the college community
last night when the students turned out
en masse in a rally in honor of the
varsity eleven. All afternoon the fresh
men were busy carrying wood for a
huge bonfire that last night served the
double purpose of furnishing light for
the rally and of tempering to a certain
degree the coldness of the night air.
Despite the freezing temperature al
most the entire student body appeared
on the bleachers to cheer the cardinal
eleven. Speeches were made by Captain
Bansbach and other members of the
team and by Trainer "Dad" Moulton
and faculty representatives. The spirit
of the meeting on the bleachers was
one of jollification, which included a
satisfied feeling that Stanford had
made the better showing in the game
on Saturday. The only regret the var
sity players could express was that the
field had not been perfectly dry in order
that the merits of the two teams could
have been properly tested and the
Stanford backs given an opportunity to
show to the best advantage.
Trainer "Dad" Moufcton has an
nounced that on Saturday will occur
the first track meet or the season on
the Stanford oval. A large number of
varsity track candidates have ap
peared on the cinder path for training
this fall and it is as a preliminary test
of the qualities of some of the new men
that the meet will be held.
Interesting Rally Is Held in Honor
of the Men Who Sported
the Cardinal.
STANFORD STUDENTS CHEER
THEIB FOOTBALL ELEVEN
¦ Stolen base — Doyle. Errors— Irwln, Egan
Three-base hit — Egan. Two-base hits—Shee
han,. Irwln. r Krug. Sacrifice . hits— Delmas
Sheehan. First base on errors — Sacramento 1
San Francisco 1. First base on called balls— '-
Off Knell, 7: off Iberg, 1. Left on bases Sac
ramento 6, San Francisco 8. Hit by Ditcher
Irwin. Double plays— Leahy to Shay Mc-
Leughlln to E*an; Hlldebrand to Casey' Shee
han to Casey to Hogan; Delmai to Shay to
Pabst; Knell. to Egan to Hogan; Sheehan to
Egan. AVlld pitch— Knell.- Time of jrame—
One hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire—
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 0—1
Base hits 0 10 0 3 1 1 1 0— 7
San Francisco...^0, 0: 0 0 0 0 0 2 x — 2
Base hits...... 0. 0 2 10 0 13 i— 7
SUMMARY.
Sacramento — San Francisco —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle, cf 3 0 O'l 0 Shay. a. 4 0 1 3 4
Hlldbd.lf 4 0 111 Meany.rf 3 0 12 0
McLpn.rf 4 0 0 11 Irwln. 3b 3 1 2 0 1
Casey 2b 4 0 0.21 Leahy, c 1 1 1 0 21
Egan. s. 4 1 2 4 3 Krufr. cf 4" 0 1 1 0
Shehn, 3b 3 0 2 3 6 Lynch. If 2 0 1 3 0
Graham.c 4 0 111 Pabst, lb 3 0 1 13 0
Hogan.lb 3 0 0 11 0 Delms.Sb 2 0 0 0 3
Knell, p. 3 0 10 4 Iberg, p. 3. 0 0 1 6
Totals. 32 1 7 24 17 Totals. 25 2 7 27 IB
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17.— The Sena
tors put up one of the fastest fielding
games of the season this afternoon, but
Phil Knell, who was on the delivery
end, was. wild, at .times .and this more
than offset the five fast double plays
made by his backing. In all seven
doubles were perfected during the
game, which was a fine exhibition on
both sides. San Francisco won by a
score of 2 to 1. Score:
Play a Great Game, but- Lose Be
cause of Knell's Wildness.
SENATORS' FAST FIELDING.
from the East. Ferguson Is big
enough to fight any man in the busi
ness, and must have presented a ludi
crous appearance when he faced Joe
Walcott in the East last week. He is
6 feet Z l A inches tall and weighs 210
pounds in condition.
He will go over to Larkspur to-day
and join the Gardner-Canole camp. He
has a soft, youthful appearance not in
keeping with his present occupation.
Britt continues to rule a 1 to 2 choice
over Canole for their fight at Colma
on Friday night.
Contractor 'Faber promises to have
the pavilion completed in season for
the fight. On Monday afternoon it had
not been roofed in. The ring will be
19 feet 4 inches sauare, the same size
as the one in which Britt and Seiger
fought. The referee will be selected
to-day. The choice is supposed to be
between Jack Welch and Eddie Gra
ney.
There will be no special train on the
Southern Pacific on the night of the
fight/ the spectators going down by
electric car. Harry Corbett has ar
ranged for a special car for himself
SANDY FERGUSON, the Boston
heavy-weight who is matched to
fight Jack Johnson at Colma
next month, arrived last night
Boston Man Has Sufficient Height and Weight to Warrant
His Taking on Any Heavyweight in the Business.
SANDY FERGUSON IS HERE
TO FIGHT JACK JOHNSON
Dr. C. W. Hibbard delivered an In
teresting address on the work of the
Long distance casting— Champion
class, H. C. Golcher; first class, .Col
onel G. C. Edwards; second class', T.
C. Kierulff. Delicacy — Champion class.
Colonel Carlos G. Young; first class, T.
C. Kierulff; second class, F. M. Haight.
Accuracy— Champion class, C. R. Ken
nlff; first class, T. W. Brotherton; sec
ond class, T. C. Kierulff. Lure casting
— C. R.' Kenniff.
Mr. Kierulff also won the medal
awarded annually to the flycaster who
shows the best general improvement in
the art.
To Secretary T. W. Brotherton was
presented a valuable diamond-studded
gold watch charm in the form of a fish
erman's basket In recognition of his in
valuable services during the past sea
son.
THE members of the San Francis
co Flycasting Club met in the
banquet hall of the California
Hotel last n.ight to round out in
a fitting manner their season of
recreation" and of competition.
President Walter D. Mansfield pre
sided, but Judge John Hunt was called
upon- to present the prizes, which he
did in his usual felicitous manner. The
prize winners were:
A silent toast w-a*s drunk to the mem
ory of P. J. Tormay, an honored mem
ber of the club who died recently.
Those in attendance last night were:
President W. D. Mansfield. E. T. Al
len, H. Battu, W. F. Bogart, A. M.
Blade, J. H. Mahoney, John Butler,
Alfred H. Reising, Clark Burnham. H.
G. W. Dinkelspiel, Edward Everett. A.
B. Finch, J. Homer Fritch; Samuel Hel
ler, Judge John Hunt, Judge James M.
Seawell, F. If. Haight, Charles Huyck,
Mr. Stephens, Charles Kewell, Dr. F.
J. Lane, Dr. George Lane, T. W. Broth
erton, T. C. Kierulff. A. Muller, Mr.
Dawson, F. H. Reed, E. A. Selfrldge
H. E. Skinner, H. B. Sperry, J. S. Tur
ner, Alexander T. Vogelsang, J. B. Ken
nlff, George Walker. Walter Genesy,
James Watt, Colonel C. G. Young, Dr
C. W. Hibbard. A. E. Mocker, J. X.
DeWitt and F. H. Mayer. %
recent convention of the State Game
Protective Association. His words
brought a suggestion from Dr. F. J.
Lane which those present thought of
great value. This was that a law be
enacted prohibiting night fishing. The
professional fishermen on the Truckee
and Eel River are the chief offenders.
It was decided to provide funds for
an exhibit at the St. Louis Exposition
of the handiwork of John S. Benn of
this city, the most famous living maker
of trout flies. Mr. Benn's flies received
the gold mefdal at the Paris Exposition.
MEMBERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO FLYCASTING CLUB WHO DIS
TINGUISHED THEMSELVES DURING THE PAST SEASON IN THE
SERIKS OF CONTESTS AT STOW LAKE.
Stolen bases— Raymond (2). Cravath. Wheel
er Errors— Smith. Shields. Blake. Anderson.
Three-base hit— Hoy. Two- base hits— Smith.
Blake Shields and Van Buren. First base on
errors _Los Angeles 3. Portland 1. First bass
on called bails— Off Gray 7. Struck out— By
¦Gray 3 by Shields 2. Left on bases— Portland
12 Los Anceles 7. Double play— Blake to Free
man. Sacrifice hits — Anderson. Cravath. Passed
b a lj Eager. Wild pitcli — Gray. Time of gam«
I hour .and 45 minutes. Umpire^ — Buck
Francks.
SUMMARY.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0»?000Ox-»
Base hits 2 0032100 x— 9
Portland 0 00120000—3
Base hits 0 10 14 112 0-10
Los Angeles— Portland—
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Hoy. cf.. 4 0 1 2 I VBurn.cf 5 0 2 0 0
Whlr.2b. 4 113: Fremn.lb 4 0 O 12 o
Smith,3b 4 0 2 12 Blake.Sb 4 13 3 2
Dillon. lb 4 0 1 10 0 An.lsn.2b 4 12 15
Cravth.rf 3 114 0| Nauau.lf 4 0 2 2 0
Kons.lf.. 4 0 0 1 OJFrancis.3 5 0 0 12
Raymd.s 4 0 0 14 Thlmn.rf 3 0 0 10
Eager c 4 10 4 1 Clark.c. 3 0 0 3 1
Gray.p.. 3 12 1 2 Shields.p 4 1 1 1 J»
ToUls.ii 4 8 27 11 Totals. 38 3 10 24 12
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 17.— Los An
geles won from Portland this after
noon In a close, featureless game.
Score: Los Angeles, 4; Portland, 3-
Gray was wild, but good fielding pre
vented many of the visitors who passed
first from completing the circuit. Loa
Angeles bunched hits off Shields In the
fourth inning and scored three runs.
Umpire McDonald Is still ill and Buck
Francks handled the indicator with
complete satisfaction to both teams.
Score:
ANGELS SCORE AGAIN.
Defeat the Portland Team in a Fea
tureless Game.
The Cripples should have been fined
and imprisoned for losing the game
yesterday to Seattle on the Oakland
baseball field. In nearly every inning
they had chances to get runs, but they
passed them up and the best they got
was three, while the northern tossers
were there with four.
Cold weather and a rugged field made
good baseball a thing not to be thought
of* and also affected the players so
much that many of them seemed to
forget such a thing as a ball game was
on the boards. The few brilliant plays
that did happen received scant atten
tion, as the fans were not looking for
them and therefore did not care what
happened.
The Cripples had men on the bases In
nearly every Inning; but in only one
round vdid they show any kind of rally
ing form. That was during the pro
gress of the eighth. Then Brick Dev
ereaux brought in two with his third
double for the afternoon: There were
still two on the bags when Moskiman
came up and also two down. The best
the Doc had was a high fly to Brashear
and that gained nothing for Peter.
The northern stars generally made
runs when they needed them. They be
gan In the first by getting one. In the
fourth they increased it to three, and
to round out the contest they pulled an
other through in the sixth. Just enough
to win the game.
Devereaux met the ball for a fare-ye
well, landing for three doubles and a
single. Young Jansing furnished the
fielding sensation in the seventh inning
when Murdock lined a fast one over
the lad's head. He made a leap into the
air and corraled the sphere with one
mitt and then doubled Rockenfleld at
first. The score:
Oakland— [ Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
OHara.cf 4 0 0 1 OlLumly.cf 5 113 1
Murdk.rf 5 0 11 l|Mohlr.2b 4 O 1 1 I
Rckn.id.s 4 111 SlSmlth.rr. 3 0 3 0 0
Pchwz.2b 5 114 2|Br»hr.lb 3 O 1 8 O
Krugr.lf. 4 111 oiz.'nsar. If 4 1 1 4 0
Devnc.Sb 4 0 4 3 2 Jnslng.3b 3 2 2 4 1
Msrly.lb. 4 0 0 12 O.Dolan.s.. 2 0 113
Gcrton.c. 2 0 0 3 4 Byern.c. 4<0 1 6 0
Mskmn.p 4 0 10 4 Barber.p. 3 0 0 0 5
Totals 36 3 0*26 151 Totals. 31 4 11 27 11
•Barber out. hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 1 00201000—4
Base hits 2 2 12 12 10 0—11
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 0 O 2 0^ — 3
Base hits O 1120 112 1— »
SUMMARY. •
Stolen bases — Gorton 2. Murdock, Smith, Do-
Ian. Errors — Dolan 2. Moskiman. Devereaux.
Rockenfleld. Three- base hit — Jansins. Two
ba«e hits — Devereaux 3. Sacrifice hits — Jans-
Ing, Dolan. Smith. First basa on errors — Oak
land 2 Seattle 2. First base on called balls —
Off Moskiman 2. off Barber 4. Left on bases —
Oakland 10 Seattle 7. Struck out — By Moski
man 2. by 'Barber 6. Hit by pitcher — Barber.
Dclar.. Double plays — Uockeafleld to Schwarta
to Messerly; Jansinz to Brashear. Time of
game — 1 hour 55 minutes. Umpire — Levy.
W. V. Pet. VT. L. Pet.
Los AngleslM 73 .62? San Fran.. 102 10« .400
Seattle 07 52 .51 Portland .. 81 101 .475
Sacramnto 98 101 AX Oakland . . 83 123 .404
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
The Bakersfield veteran started to
close in hard in the fourth, but Cordell
kept the Mexican off and developed
some rapid lefts. As the round closed
a vicious right swing from" Herrera
was lost in Cordell's blocking.
The fifth round rang on to a quick
rally, in which Cordell rushed and
landed four or five jabs, • jolting and
staggering Herrera. The Mexican
tried his swings, but failed to land and
Cordell kept up a steady left jab,
twice uppercutting heavily on the
mouth and hurting Herrera with a
strong right and left.- jolt to the head.
This was Cordell's round strong.
They fought hard in the sixth and
Aurelia seemed worried after missing
a couple of rights and receiving hard
rights on the jaw. Herrera grazed
Cordell with a right and at the bell
they were in a clinch. In. the seventh
and eighth rounds Cordell repeatedly
blocked his man and landed well. The
valley lad took a hard right. and left
on the head, but the blows did not stop
him. As the eighth ended Cordell was
driving Herrera around the ring.
Rounds nine, ten and eleven were
Cordell's without a question. They
fought with vigor and Cordell's left
gave Herrera trouble When it caught
him on the face. Cqrdell slipped and
went down in tlfe twelfth, but was up
and at Herrera, who was wild, with
both hands. Cordell jabbed him In the
face, but . did not have steam
enough to land a knockout
blow. The thirteenth was Cordell's.
In the fourteenth: the pair went at
it hammer and tongs from the Jump.
They smashed away with both arms
going. Cordell landed one heavy. right
on Herrera's head only to go down on
a return swing that did not hurt him
any, for he was up in a couple of sec
onds and, continued the gamey contest.
It was -a heartwarmer through the fif
teenth and last round.* Herrera caught
Cordell with a hot one to (he jaw that
sent the boy to the floor. He stayed
six seconds and after getting to his
feet rallied and drove Kerrera to the
ropes. They clinched and were parted.
Herrera sailed in again like a fiend. 1
Cordell was clinching for a few seconds
and sent back a few punches, but down
the boy went again under a stiff swing.
He was on his feet In a jiffy. Herrera's
last try missed and when the bell rang
they were both fighting strongly— so
strongly they, did not hear the bell.
Neither man was' damaged. ,
In 'the first preliminary George Wade
laid down to George ' Root , In the ' third
round. Wade was counted out. "Jock
ey" Bennett : failed to' show for the
scheduled go with • Morite Attel. The
club substituted "Young" McConnell of
-the, Reliance Club and -Henry Lewis.
The pair, put up six rounds of red-hot
fighting that ; was .' called a . draw. Mc-
Connell is strong, but has ' yet • to learn
that "roughing it" does not make a
fighter.
STAGGEES HERBERA.
In the opening round they .fought
carefully and lightly for a minute, Her
rera opening the way at once in a try
to land n swing. Cordell blocked, his
guard Ivetng perfect. The second round
began ivith Herrera's repetition of his
effort O drive in the swing. He got
In one that was so strong Cordell went
to the floor, though the blow landed on
his glove. They exchanged rights and
lefts, Cordell smiling at every rally.
The Hayes Valley boy started strongly
in the third round, leading and land
ing some stiff, straight lefts, with a
succession of jabs. Herrera tried feints
for the body, hoping to lower Cordell's
Impregnable guard, but the boy would
not be caught by the trick. Jn a mix
up things were even. It was Cordell's
round.
Cordell was first to enter the ring,
followed by Billy Otts, Tim McGrath
and "Spider" Kelly. Aurelio appeared
a few miutes later with Maura Her
rera, "Biddy" Bishop and Bobby John
son behind him.
Time and time again the tall boy
took the swing on his glove that was
always in place at the critical chin
point. In all of his blocking Cordell
displayed careful skill and went
through the fight without once losing
his head. As a boxer he clearly out
matched Herrera. As a hitter he is not
strong enough at this time to knock
out the Mexican, though Cordell had
the Bakersfield veteran in distress sev
eral times during the battle. Herrera
took many blows In an effort to get an
opening for his swing and a nasty up
percut that was smothered each time.
He fought to land that decisive punch
and the boy was too clever for him.
Cordell kept away, yet he was on hand
with straight leads that were clean and
went to the mark. He had a left jab
that was handy and bothered the older
fighter considerably.
Jack Cordell, the Hayes Valley boy,
secured the decision last night at the
Reliance Club, Oakland, over Aurelio
Herrera, in a flf teen-round boxing bout
that will stand as a landmark in the
history of fisticuffs across the bay.
To the astonishment of the men along
the line, who had made the IBakerstteld
lad a 1 to 2 favorite, young Cordell
for fourteen of the fifteen rounds
showed he could keep Herrera away,
could block the terrible rtgnt the dark
skinned southerner boasts of, could
punch and could take all the punish
ment the Mexican could hand out. In
the fifteenth round Herrera went to
work with demon-like desperation. He
hammered at the tall youth from the
valley and landed two heavy right
swings that sent Cordell plunging
groggily to the floor twice In quick suc
cession. But each time the youngster
recovered himself gamely and held on.
Both men were fighting hard amidst
a terrific uproar that drowned the
sound of the gong. The seconds fol
lowed Time Keeper George Harding
Into the ring just as Referee Eddie
Smith parted the fighters. As soon as
the ring had been cleared Smith yelled
"Cordell," and the decision was re-~
ceived with a storm of cheers from one
of the biggest crowds that ever packed
the gymnasium.
Cordell would not have been in
trouble in the last round had he not
suddenly changed his style of fighting
and rushed into Herrera as if trying
for a knockout. Throughout the fight
the valley lad kept Herrera away from
him and the Mexican did not seem to
wake up to the necessity of mixing
things until the last round. It was
early In the game that Cordell showed
he could stand off the right swing that
was his opponent's only punch.
CORDELL IS CLEVEB.
S31S. FIRST RACE— Six and a talf furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. [Wt St. hi". %^ %. Str. Fin. j^Jockey- OP- Cl,
6306 Sterling Towers 4 (Stockton) 93 4 ... 12^13 13 13 (J. Lewis... 15 10
5293 Marelio 4 (J. Quinlan) . . : . . . 108 2 ... 3 2^2 4 3 1W 2^|See 4 11-
0303 Cherries, 6 (Tate & Co.) U9 6 ... 5 3 4 h 4 V t 3 % [Hildebmd . b U
4«4 Rinaldo. a (Slsklyou Stable). 105 1 ... 2 *i 3 % 2 % 4 2 jllenderaoa . -0 1
6200 Chileno. 6 (Blasingame) 09 7 ... 6 3 6 3 0 2 5 2Vi|Croeswaite . 2 11-5
5301 Achilla. 4 (MeCabe & Farrell) 103 8 ... 8 1%8 2^7 4 6 n L. hpencer. » «
C301 Red Tip, 4 (Henderson) 101 9 ... » l'.4» 4 8 1 7 :i I-atson j» «J»
4604 Ural. 5 <C. W. Carroll) 104 10 ... 10 72 94 85 Chandler .. 2O 1-.
4788 Del Viita. 6 (G. S. McKenzle)|103 0 ... 4 % 0 l'*5 1%» 6 \V. Narvaez 20 40
4333 Parsifal. 5 (J. P. Fitzgerald). (KM 3 .... 7 2 10 10 10 [Donovan ... 12 20
Time— :23%. :47%, l:14»-i, 1:21%. At post % minute. Off at 2:11%. Towers, place, 6;
thow. 3. Marelio place, 2; show, 1. Cherries, show, 8-5. Winner, ch. m. by * iU-
James-Quadruplex'. Trained by J. M. Collough. Start good. Wen easily. Second
handily. Third driving. Winner looked well and had apeed.v MareHo did his beat.
Rinaldo tired. Crosswalte was as much help to Chileno as a chimpanzee wouia De
to an elephant trying to c^fkahazelntiU^AcMHesvfonJjJo^
531.9. SECOND RACE!— Five furicntfs; two-year-old fillies; value to first, $325^
Index | Hone and Owner. ~, IWtjSt. \j. tt- fr. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Ch
6305 Eugenia B (B. Schreiber) ... .ICC 6 ... 5244 2 1^1 1% ' »• Hall.... 4 7-2
.... Targette (J. S. Gibson) 1100 5 ... Th 6 H 3 ij 2 h Hlldebrnd . 15 2o
0246 R. C. Nurse (G. McL. Brown). !lO9 2 ... 1 1%1-2%1 »* 3 2% See 15 20
Anirad (Mrs. Coffey) 103 7 ... 0 3 7 4 5 H 4 1'.4 Folcy ..... 15 10
(B274) Durbar (J. Curl) |109 9 ... 8 1Y»9 8 7 2 5 2Vi Knapp .... 2 8-6
44*1 IMiss Ringlets (T. Q. Fergu«6n):10S 8 ... 95 8nS4 N «l J. Martin.. 5 b
<4609)|Llbble Candid (Appleby) 104 3 ... 3n 5Vi«l 7% Haack 10 12
G2O8 IMles M Bowdlsh (Blaslngm). 100 1 ...2n2%4h85 Croeswaite . 10 ; H0
4900 Queen Fay (Mrs. W. Murry).. 103 4 ... 4 H 3 !4 9 2 9 8 Ferrell .... 10 JO
..„ Prim Mifs (Murphy & CO.). .|1«X> 10 ... 10 3 10 3 10 4 10 0 W. Dugan.. 15 40
..7. JGottlelben (W. Fisher) |104|U ... 11 11 11 11 Adkins 5 6
Time — :23H :4SH. 1:01%. At pest 4% minutes. Off at 2:40'/i. , Eueenla. place, 6-5;
show 3-5. Targette, place. 10; show, 4. Xurse, show. 4. Winner, b. f. by Balgowan-
Grati'tude. Trained by G. Covlngton. Scratched— Florlani Bell. Start fair. Won hand
ily. Second and third driving. Eugenia received the shortest ride. Tanrette will do.
So will Aairad. Durbar away very poorly. Miss Ringlets not ready. Gotllelben ran
away nearly half a mile on way to^post^
G3SO. THIRD RACE — One n>lle; purae; 3-year-olds; value to first. $325. '
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. M. '*. »i . Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
415i~!Arabo (Jennlngs~& Co.) 110 3 2 2^2 141 Vi X 1%1 1%|J. Martin... 4-5 1
(5275)iHeath. Honey (Leach & Cook). 107 2 3 Vs 3 2 % 2 3 2 B Henderson . 3 0
.... lacy Crawford (Pchrciber) . . . . OS 4 5 5 4h 4 2^3 4 L. Spencer. 8 7
5311 The Don (Mrs. Miller) lot 1 14 1 2H3 3li3 n 4 4 Ferrell 3 7-2
4C7C Dotterel (F. J. O'Rourkc> 1107 54h4%5 5 5 Haack 20 30
Time — :2s 1 ,;. :50. 1:1536, 1:41%. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:06. Arabo, place. 1-2; show,
1-4. Heather Honey, place, 6-5; show, 1-2. Lacy Crawford, show. 1-2. Winner, ch. c.
by Nomad-Charm. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start perfect. Won very easily. Next
two driving. Arabo outclassed his company. Heather Honey ran her race. The Don a
false alarm. Lacy Crawford was played.
5321. FOT'RTH RACE — Six furlongs: handicap; all ages; value to first, $400. \
Index I Horse and Owner.\ Wt St. *i . V^i ->i . Str. Fin . Jockey. Op. Cl.
5309 lAlbula, 5 (Lamansey Bros.)... 110 2 ... 3 % 1 n 1 3^1 6 D. Hall 3 9-5
5309 Kenilworth. 5 (Stover) 125 1 ... 2n 32 3 1%2 3 See 3-5 4-5
4C94 St. Winlfrlde. 3 (W. B. Sink). 97 4 ... 1 % 2 1^2 1#3 1U, Reed 10 .30
4541 Muresca. 4 (Mrs. Miller) 101 3 ... 41 44 45 43 Ferrell 10 12
[Scotsman. 3. (W. B. Jennings). 114 5 ... 5 5 5 5 J j_^ a ?li5--J-: 12 40
Time — :24. :48U. l:14 v i- At post % minute. Off at 3:2S*i. Albula. place. 2-5; out show.
Kenllworth, place, 1-3; out show. St. Wlnlfride, show, 3-2. Winner, ch. h. by Worcestor-
Annisette. Trained by D. Lamasney. Start pood. Won very easily. Second easily.
Third stopping. Albula can sprint a few notes herwlf. Kenllworth ran as If his speed
required sharpening up. St.. Winlfrlde ought to win a selling race soon. Scotsman is a
maiden still for a' th**-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"
I»322. FIFTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs, gelling; 4-year-olds and up; value to 1st $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt!St- \i . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
S125 (San Nicholas 4 (B. & W.).. 110 4 ... 14 16 16 12% Adkins 2 2
5303 Rolliok 5 (M. Jonee) 100 2 ... 2 5 2 7 2 2%2 3>4 J. Martin.. 4 5
(4784) Sugden! a (W. H. McXames). 104 9 ... 5n 0 1>&6 I><r3 n ITullett' 10 15
4S50 IRedwald. 6 (Magrane '& Co.). 100 6 ... 3 % 3 4 4 14 4 2>£ W. Colman 6 30
?679 |Rey Dare 6 (J. C. Nealon).. 105 8 ... 6 1%5 ',i 3 1 5 3 W. N'arvaez 8 30
(5297):Bllly Moore 6 (Rector) 99 3 ... 8 1 7 n 7 3 6 % Kunz 10 30
.. Ledus 5 (T II Ryan) 101 1 ... 9 81517n Ferrell .... 4 1S-5
5208 IConstellator 6 (Keating) IOC 7 ... 7 1*49 8 4 8 5 Stuart 3 5
4681 JGawalne. 5 (W. E. Cotton).. 09 6 ... 4 1^.4 n 9 9 W. Daly .. 20 50
Time -22% a 1:13%. 1:20%. At post 5% minutes. Off at 4:00%. Nicolas, place, 1;
show 1-2. Rollick, place. 2; show, 4-5. Sugden, show, 8. Winner, blk. h. by Reggie-
Virginia Dare. Trained by D. Stone. Start good. Won very easily. Second handily.
Third driving. San Nicholas was ready and tow-roped his field. Rollick did his best.
Sugden away poorly; ran a neat race. Redwald ran well under moderate piloting.
Ledus cut off at start. Stuart rode Constellator and played In luck.
5323. SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles, selling. 4 year-olds up; value to first $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. Vi" %^ %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! CL
50S6~ Royalty. 4 (H. Green) 104 2 7 6 2%5 8 3 31 1 Ferrell .... 6 5
5-^5 Iilowaho 4 (H. Stover) 110 4 2 «i 2 5 1 % 1 1%2 2 See 4 12
5308 Miracle II 4 (J. Curl) 101 6 6 1%4 1 3 % 2 1%3 6 Knapp .... 0 6
C B. Campbell, 5 (Morton).. 101 3 3 1%3 n 4 n 4 1 4 6 Adkins .... 7 15
5308 Prince Blazes, a (Herzog).... 101 1 1 2%1 % 2 1 5 4 5 2 Foley . 30 ¦ 60
5309 'Jack de Mund. 4 (Bender Co.). 109 5 4 1%5 nG3 65 64 D. Hall ... 4-5 4-5
6306 |Grand Sachem, a (J.J.Moran) 92 76%7 7 7 7 Moran 40 40
Time— -24 % :49% 1:15% 1:42. 1:48. At post 3% minutes. Off at 4:28%. Royalty, place,
8-5- show 7-10. niowaho, place, 4; show. 8-5. Miracle, show. 7-10. Wlnner.'b. g.
bv 'cavalier- Empress of Norfolk. Trained by H. Getchell. Start good. Won in a drive
of three Ferrell. who rode winner, loet a stirrup on far turn. Illowaho ran quite, a
race So did C B. Campbell first time out. Jack de Mund pulled up In bad condition.
Jansing and Devereaux Star
tle* Fans With Their
t Brilliant Work.
Fight Proves One of the Most
Memorable Ones Held
in Oakland. •
Sixth rac« — One nrtlc; handicap; three-year
olds and upward:
£509 Warte Nlcht.. 105 [4418 Beau OrnVnde.lU
B270 Bragg ........ 103 '(4576) Dainty ...7...102
•Apprentice allowance.
Fifth race — One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward:
8070 •Vrterano .... 90 C315 Erne 101
'Doaie B 100 4088 Rio Shannon. !lO3
S29.1 Petition 105 4656 Dtipont 101
48C5 B. Damozel... 92
Fourth race — Five furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and upward:
4802 Gibraltar ....1091.,.. Benlash 104
4570 Money Muss .. 109 6310 Fort Wayne* "*1O4
4ZSH Ortwius 104k*033)IHdlus .. ,'lO7
8310 J. A. Scott. ..l6i| 4573 Alice Carey. .'lO4
C177 Hagerdon 106 (5310) Bumle Buntn.112
3712 Moan* T.10S.(40S5)Sad Sam.... 109
Third rtuc* — Six furlongs; selling; tbree-year
olfls and cpwtrd:
C297 Blue Miracle. H 4792 •Viroroso 88
5308 aieefcmus ....109 5313 'Mae. Bishop. 102
Mollle AUscot.104 52S5 Fth. Wentker.110
B182 Kitty Kelly.. Ill 4797 »Aunt Polly.. 87
<52?2)Towr Candles. 104
Eecend rae« — Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-old colts and geldings:
tS07 Instrument . .108 1 4605 Neko 105
.... AJsydos 102 .... Ananias 10S
60W Jack LAtn*>... 108 44S1 Bombardier ..105
45C2 6t. Tns«f 102 6184 St. Wllda 102
4336 T. J. Cox 10S The Bugaboo. 105
4259 Mlnirmim ....102! .... Harbor 108
Following ere to-day's entries at Oakland:
First race — Elx furlongs; selling; three-year
elds and upward:
C312 *Ers Kcgf... 07 C306 Man of Honor. 88
4C18 Adirondack ..104 Fllle d'Or 107
<5302)Tamm 105 4«*9 *L*ash 87
C2* Loyal S 107 5306 Aggressor 98
ENTREES FOB TO-DAY.
Green B. Monis was an onlooker at
the track yesterday. The veteran
trainer brought no horses with him,
but will purchase a few shifty platers
probably in this section of the coun
try.
XL J. Daly, owner of Claude and
other horses, arrived from the East
yesterday.
Tommy Butler rode three winners
one day at the meeting now in pro
gress at Latonia. and as he is here now
may take a turn In the saddle this
afternoon.
ANOTHER handful of feathers
was plucked from Harry Stov
er's Kenilworth, "the brown
bird with the sharp claws," yes
terday at Oakland racetrack.
He had "Willie See on his back again,
and as if that were not enough to ex
asperate the big horse nearly every
body liked Albula, the odds against the
latter sprinter falling: from threes to
3 to S.
It was a six-furlong handicap, to be
sure, and Kenilworth was asked to
take charge of 125 pounds, which Is quite
a care this early in the season. Albula
drew 110 pounds and, fortunately
enough besides, D. Hall. At a few of
the shopa where bargain sales were
held early purchasers obtained even
money about Kenllworth, but the pre
vailing; quotation at post time was 4
versus 6. See left the post first with
Stover's horse, but was outfooted by
St. Winlfrlde for slightly more than a
quarter of a mile. The first choice did
not appear overburdened with speed,
so Albula skinned along on the rail and
won by half a dozen lengths in 1:14*4.
Kenilworth finished second, three
lengths before St. Wlnifride. The
other two starters, Muresca and Scots
man, were not meddlesome.
TRACK IS FAST.
The track, while fast, was not at Its
best. While Arabo and San Nicholas
were the only successful favorites, the
ring did not benefit noticeably by the
wins of Eugenia B, Albula and Royal
ty, and laid away but little. The at
tendance was good.
Surprises began when Sterling Tow
ers, a 16 to 1 shot, ridden by J. Lewis, a
younger brother of the other Lewis,
took the opening eix and a half furlong
selling run. The mare made all the
running and was under three-quarter
speed from Marelio and Cherries.
Croeswaite piloted the favorite, Chi
leno, and while he undoubtedly did his
best, the little fellow has much to"
learn.
Barney Schreiber*s fllly Eugenia B
captured the flve-furlong scramble for
two-year-old fillies which followed.
Durbar, the favorite, was away from
the post poorly and had no chance, and
the Schreiber entry at 4 to 1 disposed
of the 25 to 1 shot. Targette. cleverly.
Red Cross Nurse ran third after cutting
"out the pace.
Arabo, from the stable of Walter Jen
nings, registered an easy winner of the
mile purse event. It was the first ap
pearance in several months of the big
chestnut three-year-old and, after
opening at 4 to 5, his price receded to
7 to 5. He later closed an even money
favorite. For half a mile the erratic
The Don made the running. The favor
ite then took command, scoring as he
liked from Heather Honey In 1:41%.
Schreiber's Lacy Crawford finished in
the show.
It took Old England to beat San
Nicholas when both were two-year
olds, but unfortunately San Nicholas
later on broke down. It took careful
>nursing on the part of Dan Stone to
get the black horse to a race and he
lined up one of nine starters In the
second six and a half furlong event.
With Adkins on his back, the ring laid
2 to 1 about him. and he breezed home
ahead of Rollick and Sugden.
A warm 4 to 5 favorite In Jack de
Mund was counted out In the closing
mile and a sixteenth selling number.
Sidney Bender's entry warmed up in a
rickety condition and could not raise
a gallop. In a hard drive Ferrell
landed the 6 to 1 chance Royalty first,
a length In front of Illowaho.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Cleverly Outpoints the
Bakersfield Man in
Past Bout.
Cripples Lose a Ga.tne
They Should Have
Won.
T. C Kierulff Wins Three Class Prizes and Also the Medal
for Best General Improvement in the Art of the Rod
Wielders Who Meet Regularly on Banks of Stow Lake
CORDELL DEFEATS
BOXER HERRERA
OVERLOOK MANY
OPPORTUNITIES
FLYO ASTERS ARE REWARDED
FOR THEIR SEASON'S WORK
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE PRIZE RING AND DIAMOND
THE FAN FRAKCISCO CALL,; WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
Sterling Towers, a Long Shot, Takes the First Race of the Day.
Walter Jennings' Arabo Is an Easy Winner of the Mile Event.
San Nicolas Comes Out of Retirement and Shows Former Speed
KENILWORTH IS DEFEATED BY ALBULA
IN THE HANDICAP AT OAKLAND TRACK
10
HAVANA CIGARS
¦ADVERTISEMENTS.SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.— Governor
Pardee to-day appointed Court- Smith ot
Tulare a fruit Inspector under a law
passed by tna last Leclslaturo. ¦-?%¦£*?:'
Chief of Police W. W. Frcjman of
Pasadena wrote Chief Wlttman of this
city a few days ago that Mrs. Johanna
Veth of that place . had recently re
ceived a letter from her daughter, Eliz
abeth Alice Veth. then in this city,
stating that the latter was very ill and
asking for assistance. Mrs. 'Veth sent
a letter addressed to her at general
delivery, inclosing a check for $15, but
the letter was not called for and. was
returned. It was asked that an effort be
made I to find the whereabouts of ; the
young lady. Detective Bailey, was de
tailed on the case and after making a
thorough search reported that he had
not been able to find any trace of her.
Searching for Her Daughter.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., Nov. 17.— The
four rnf-n convicted of the murder of
Jack WeU h last Augnst and sentenced
yesterday to be hanged were taken to
Carson City to-night by Sheriff Lamb.
February 5 is the date named in the
warrant for their execution. - -—
Condemned Men Go to Carson.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 17.— Miss
Mariel Ware and Horace G. McKinley
appeared before Judge Billings in the
Federal court to-day and pleaded not
guilty to the Indictments charging them
with forgery and conspiracy In con
nection with the Government land
fraud ra<?r>s.
Declare Forgery Charges Unfounded.
iThe salary demands of 2560 election
officers and . special deputies aggregat
ing $25,600 will be ready for distribution
to-morrow morning at the Auditor's of
fice. : i
Election Demands Ready.
With the completion of the Forty
third District in the official count yes
terday Oscar Hocks, candidate for Su
pervisor, now leads Loughery by twen
ty-nine votes. Loughery lost ten votes
in the Sixth Precinct of the Fortv-sec
ond District, lost five In the Sixteenth
of the Forty-second and lost ten in the
Nineteenth of the Forty-third. Hocks
lost one in the Tenth of the Forty-sec
ond, leaving a net gain for Hocks of
twenty-four votes . for the day. As
Hocks led by five votes yesterday
morning, he now leads Loughery. by
twenty-nine votes. There now remain
the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth dis
tricts to be counted, and there seems no
doubt now that Hocks is the eighteenth
Supervisor to be elected, instead of
Loughery, who seemed to be elected on
the face of the semi-official returns.
Returns of Two More Assembly Dis
tricts Remain to Be Counted
Officially.
HOCKS LEADS LOUGHERY
BY TWENTY-NINE VOTES
Farmers Object to the System.
WOODLAND, Nov. 17.— For several
days a representative of the Rochedale
Co-operative System has been making
an effort f> organize in this county, but
fo far without success. For several
weeks efforts have been under way by
two non-residents to organize the farm
ers on the Don Palos plan, but these
efforts have also been unavailing.
Mrs. Marie Tribolet, the 19-year-old
wife of William Tribolet, disappeared
from her home last Sunday morning
and has not been seen since. The
couple had been married two years,
and last -Saturday took rooms In the
lodging-house of Mrs. M. Volkam at
1416B Howard street. Sunday morning,
although she had not been to church
for many months, Mrs. Tribolet started
out with the intention of going to St.
Ignatius Church. It Is not known
whether she ever reached there. Her
husband has been searching for her
night and day, without success. Yes
terday he reported her absence to the
police. He fears that she has commit
ted Bulclde, but says thai they never
had any trouble. The missing woman
is a brunette and very pretty. Her
husband is a brickmaaon.
Pretty Woman Disappears.
VALLEJO. Nov. 17.— Miss Elrna
Hodges, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Al
bert Hodges, was married to-day to
J«hn Chester Shade, son cf Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Shade of Beniria. The -wed
ding <wurred at the residence of the
bride's parents on Vallejo Heights.
Miss Esther Corwin of Oakland was
bridesmaid. The groom Is a prominent
business man of Vallejo.
Wedding on Vallejo Heights.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.--There are
about 300 foreign insurance companies
doing business in California, and it ap
pears that al! of them except about
forty have complied with the laws of
the State, which would put them in
proper Ftandinp: in th<? courts. Secre
tary of State Charles F. Curry to-day
pent out circular letters to the com
panies which have failed to comply
with the laws, in which he calls their
attention to the fact.
Insurance Companies Instructed.
FILES HIS STATEMENT
OF ELECTION EXPENSES
Mayor Schmitz Swears It Cost Him
S595 to Secure Another Term
of Office.
Mayor Schmitz filed his statement of
his expenditures at the last- election,
showing that he spent $595 to be re
elected. This is just $5 inside of the
amount he is allowed to spend under
the purity of election law. The state
ment was sworn to before Deputy
County Clerk Casey on November 3.
1903. the day of the election, before the
votes were counted.
Statements were also filed with the
Registrar showing that Percy . Long,
for City Attorney, spent during the
campaign $4S3 75; George Bahrs. for
Assessor, $1583 65; Oscar Hocks, for
Supervisor, $113 75; J. T. Vlnal. for Tax
Collector, $126; L. A. Rea, for . Super
visor, $69 50; Fred Eggers. for Super
visor. $113 30; John F. Dillon, for Coro
ner, $3S3 50; E. I. Walsh, for Super
visor. $103; George R. Wells, for Super
visor. $120; James P. Booth, for Super
visor, $114; J.' J. Connolly, for Public
Administrator. $30, and George Diet
terle, for Supervisor. $120.
Cashier Donahue of the Board of
Public Works yesterday filed a flnan-'
clal statement of the expenditures for
the department during October, in
which he calls attention to the report
of Inspector Cowden relative to the
poor manner In which the streets are
being swept by Contractors J. G. Har
ney and McHugh Bros. The report
says:
The work of sweeping and cleaning
the streets for October has been de
cidedly unsatisfactory, in fact worse
than for any month of the present year.
This Is owing to the weather conditions
and to hurried work. Full schedules
were gone over, however, and
the monthly bulk shows but
slight diminution from those
of the previous month. The sec
ond-class portions of Montgomery ave
nue have caused considerable trouble
owing to rush work, and the foreman
has been notified to resweep the street
at least three times during the month.
Repeated efforts have been made to
have the sand and refuse removed from
the south side of Ellis street from
Powell street easterly next the curb of
the new Flood building, but bo far bur
efforts to have the contractor clean the
street have been unsuccessful.
The following are the expenditures of
the Department of Streets for the
month: ;n # .->
Basalt and cobble pavement, $4603 53;
cleaning and sweeping streets, $20,
750 28: corporation yard maintenance,
$471 45; reserved fund maintenance,
$217 91; cleaning Chinatown. $964 95;
general miscellaneous maintenance, $260;
salaries and wages, $2716 65; corpora
tion yard fund. $701 75; bridges, $675;
new construction work on streets and
sewers, $2252 55; street work on water
front, $24; San Bruno road work,
special. $1210 55; cleaning and repair
ing sewers. $6073 58; county roads,
$1722 07; repairs on bituminous streets,
$1985 42; repair and maintenance of
bridges, $225 42; total, 544,855 08.
The total receipts from all kinds of
permits issued by the Street Bureau
were $15. The report says:
City Engineer Grunsky filed a report
estimating the cost of putting down an
asphalt pavement on New Montgomery
street at $13,100. The City Engineer
says the Improvement is a desirable one
and recommends the use of asphalt as
the best pavement for the street, which
recommendation will be adopted by the
board. The cost of putting a basalt
pavement on Dupont street, from Cali
fornia to Sacramento, is fixed at $2600.
The board will ask the Supervisors* lor
authority to put both Improvements into
effect, the cost to be borne by the city.
MAY REDUCE GRADE ON
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE
Property Owners Confer Regarding
Improvement and Refer Matter to
Committee for Adjustment.
A conference of interested property
owners and the Supervisors* Street
Committee was held yesterday to con
sider the proposed . grade ' change of
Golden Gate avenue at Jones and Leav-
Inspector Files Unfav
orable Report With
Board of Works.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 17.— Governor
Pardee this afternoon issued a warrant
of arrest upon a requisition from the
Governor of Colorado for Gast Smythe,
¦u ho is wanted in Denver for grand lar
ceny, fmythe is in custody in Los An
peles. The Governor al?o issued a war
rant of arrest for M. T. White, a col
ored man, upon a requisition from
Texas. White is wanted for perjury.
H«* is now in jail at Los Angeles. Gov
ernor Pardee Issued a requisition upon
the Governor of Utah for the extradi
tion of W. R. Maynard, who is wanted
in Orange County for forgery.
Governor Issues Warrants* of Arrest.
A few nights later he again made his
appearance at the shelter. This time
he was accompanied by a younger
man. The two had a long conversation
with the army officers and at Its con
clusion the friend of Devillers informed
Captain Trembley that he would take
the wanderer to some hospital. Since
that time the officers at the shelter
have neither seen nor heard of the
wanderer nor his companion.
Instead of being a knight errant,
with a brilliant future before him and
numberless fair damsels weeping in his
wake, the police authorities have dis
covered that Edward Devillers is an
unfortunate wanderer, penniless and
with nothing but an unknown past and
a polished manner to recommend him.
Devillers is the owner of the mysteri
ous valise found by a boy at Bryant
street and Oak Grove avenue.
Devillers was admitted to the Alms
house on November 7. He remained a
ward of the city for several days and
finally left the place unexpectedly. He
wrote to one of the inmates to the ef
fect that he was on his way to San
Jose and from that place he intended
Journeying to Los Angeles.
Devillers is well known to members
of the Salvation Army shelter at 147
Natoma street. On November 2 he
went to the place and applied for a
room. He was under the influence of
liquor, but his dejected appearance and
refined manner. won for him the sym
pathies of Captain Robert Trembley,
In charge of the shelter, and so the un
fortunate wanderer was given a place
to rest.
Owner of Mysterious Valise Was
Once an Inmate of Almshouse and
Salvation Army Shelter.
STREET SWEEPING
IS POORLY DONE
DEVTLLERS PROVES TO BE
A PENNILESS WANDERER
* The meeting was largely attended.
Mrs EL. Baldwin presided. Miss
Londa Stebbins. probation officer of the
juvenile Court of this city, told of the
uood work acomplished by that insti
tution. She compared the past and
present conditions of the City Prison
and showed the many advantages . of
report °by the Telegraph Hill com
mittee was read and dwelt upon the
securing of an appropriation at the re
cent bond election for the purchase of
?hat section of the city for the public
The California Club was the prime
mover in this project The report was
submitted by Miss Catherine Hittell.
chaKnan of the committee. Others on
the committee were Madame Tojetti
P. Deer
i^^rt n ha a t d Se at pr°o n ble5f plaT^
beneficial to the playgoer."
For the mass of non-attendants mere
return to the public school under the sur
veillance of an attendance officer will bo
sufficient. Once there, for a little while
they become Interested in the regular
work and respond to the regular discip
line of the ordinary school. But the ha
bitual truant is such because the ordi
nary school has not been able to inter
est him and the incorrigible is turned
loose because the ordinary school could
not control him. They need special train
ing and special discipline to make them
responsive to the Interests and discipline
of the mass of children. Such special
training and discipline should be provided
in schools specially designed for such
children.'
And now, finally, for those whose habits
have distorted the natural responsiveness
to normal interests and normal control
it sets up a parental school that they
may become normal again and en.,oy later
in life the blessings of free, common
school education as valuable members of
the community rather than suffer from
an Illiteracy which Is a hindrance to In
dividual happiness and the welfare of so
ciety.
SPECIAL TRAINING.
to form a class of delinquents dangerous
to the public morals. .
A number of property owners protest
ed against the change of grade, among
them ex-Supervisor George Collins,
president of the Red Men's Hall Asso
ciation, which is about to erect a build-
Ing on Golden Gate avenue, near Hyde;
Rev. Father Maximilian, pastor of St.
Boniface Church, and Mrs. Knight.
They stated that the change would be
detrimental to their property interests.
The cost of the work is fixed at 551,097.
It was decided to appoint a commit
tee of five, consisting of J. D. Phelan,
M. Morgenthal, F. A. Hihn. H. P.
Sonntag and Adolph Meyer. This com
mittee will endeavor to arrange for an
understanding between the conflicting
property owners and report back to the
conference, when action will be taken.
en/worth streets. It is the desire of
some property holders to cut the ave
nue down by eleven feet at Jones street
and thirteen feet at Leavenworth
street.
Engineers Try to Beach the Craft
Until Water Extinguishes
the Fires,
VICTORIA, B. C, Nor. 17.— The tug
Mystery, owned by Captain McKenzie
of Vancouver, struck on Stag Rocks
earJy this morning and foundered. She
!ies in fifteen fathoms of water and will
be saved. Her engineers kept steam on
her in the effort to beach her until
the fires were put out by the water.
The sealing schooner C. D. Rand,
which stranded at Kyuquot, foun
dered jn fifteen fathoms of water while
her crew was endeavoring to get her to
the beach.
TUG HYSTERY STRIKES
ROCKS NEAR VANCOUVER
Mendocino County Resident Meets
Death in Accident at Hollow
Tree Creek.
¦ URIAH. Nov. 17. — Al Creasy, a resi
dent of Monroe, in this county, was
killed last week by the collapsing of a
bridge over Hollow Tree Creek. The
span was over a canyon fifty feet deep
and was nearly one hundred feet long.
It had ben weakened by recent rains.
Creasy \vas driving his four-horse
t'-am and was accompanied by W.
Walker and eon. When the bridge col
lapsed they were near the center and
the wagon and occupants were carried
to the bottom of the gulch nnd covered
with debris. When aid arrived Creasy
\yas found to be the only one injured.
He leaves a wife and three children.
The eldest son is attending school in
Fan Francisco.
FALLS FROM BRIDGE.
AND LOSES HIS LIFE
Hunting and Fishing.
The rains have mad« the hunting and fish
ing very good at Port Reyes and along To
males Bay; also on the Russian River in vicin
ity : of Duncans MMls. , Reduced rates every
Friday, Saturday or Sunday, good until Mon
day. North Shore j Railroad, ¦ ticket office , 626
Market. ¦;• . : ¦ " •
The total enrollment for the last school
year was 52,906. The average dally at
tendance was only 36,965. In the large
number of absences here indicated it is
difficult to say how many truants were
represented, but it Is likely that the num
ber of occasional and habitual truants
was large. In the face of these condi
tions it is San Francisco's duty to make
early provision for the enforcement of the
compulsory education law.
These non-attendants are of three dis
tinct classes— first, those children willing
enough to go to school if sent, but who
are attracted by the money earning* as
pect of the work, or who. are put to work
by parents eager for an economic return;
second, there are those who are unwill
ing to return to school and whose parents
are negligent of i their children's* school
ing, and third, there are those who are
unwilling to attend school and whom
neither the parent nor the teacher can
force into regular attendance at school.
The mere appointment of attendance offi
cers will force the large majority of the
first two classes Into school.
c The rights of willing children will be
preserved against profit hungry parents
by the attendance officers and. the Juve
nile Court. Negligent parents and truant
children who are non-attendants through
tolerance will-both. be compelled' to obey
the taw. It Is with the third class— those
whom neither the home nor the Bchool
have been : able to control hitherto— that
we find our greatest problem. Consist
ing of habitual truants that the school
could not interest in its work and of in
corrlglbles that the school has ; turned
upon the street for the protection of the
Incorrlglble's classmates, it forms at once
a class that the school can
neither Interest nor control; an'-. element
which allowed to frequent the water
front. * the park and the street.- threaten
"We have no means at present to -know
how many children between 8 and 14 years
of age attended no school, public or pri
vate, during t"he past year, but. judging
from the number of non-attendants be
tween 6 and 17 years, as shown by the
census report, we have reason to believe
that there must have been a great num
ber. '"¦•-. -'*¦¦
NUMBER IN SCHOOLS.
Provision Is made for the appointment
of attendance officers, who are authorized
to arrest 1 during school hours, without
warrant, any child between 8 and 14
years of ace found away from his home
and who has been reported to him as
a truant from instruction upon which he
i3 lawfully required to attend. He shall
deliver said child so arrested to its pa
rent or if euch child has been declared
aa habitual truant he shall bring the
child before a magistrate for commit
ment by him to a parental school. Any
child who shall have been absent from
school three or more days without valid
excuse la deemed a truant In the mean
ing of thin act and when reported for
truancy tHree or more times is classed as
an habitual truant.
San Francisco now stands confronted
•with the responsibility of enforcing this
law within Its own jurisdiction if upon
thorough Investigation the conditions
warrant action being taken. Before, how
ever, any steps are taken to establish
truant or parental schools the school
authorities must be assured of the num
ber of truants who come within the age
limits as provided in the compulsory edu
cation law and give enough to warrant
the extra expenditures that schools of
this character will entail.
Whether or not we need such schools
in San Francisco must be determined by
an investigation of conditions, which in
vestigation we have now well under way.
Certain districts in this city are being
canvassed for truants by the Associated
Charities and the Settlement Club and
two very efficient truant officers Inves
tigate all cases of truancy reported by
the principals of the several schools. Be
fore the next school year we should have
data before us that will enable us to out
line a policy upon this very important
subject.
It is further provided that any parent,
guardian or other person having control
or charge of any such child who shall
fall to comply with the provisions of this
act *hall # unless excused or exempted
therefrom' as hereinbefore provided, be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction shall be liable for the
first offense to a fine of not more than
$10 or to imprisonment for not more than
five days, and for each subsequent of
fense he shall be liable to a fine of not
less than $10 nor more than $50, or to im
prisonment for not less than five day3
nor 'more than .'twenty-five days, or to
both* such' fine and lmDrisonment.
PARENTS HELD LIABLE.
The compulsory education law provfdes
that unless excused as hereinafter pro
vided each parent, guardian or other per
ron in the State of California having con
trol or charge of any child between the
ages of 8 and 14 years shall be required
to send such child to a' public school dur
ing each school year for a period of at
least five months of the time during
which a public school shall be in
session in the city or city and county or
school district in which said child resides
and at least eighteen weeks of such at
tendance shall be consecutive.
Provided, however, if it can be shown to
the proper authorities that the child's
bodily or mental condition is such as to
prevent or render inadvisable attendance
at school or that the parents are extreme
ly ooor or sick and the services of the
child are actually needed to support such
parents, or that such child is being
taught in a private school or by a pri
vate tutor, or at home by any person
capable of teaching, in such branches as
are usually taught in the primary and
grammar schools of this State; or that
the child has completed the prescribed
grammar school course, then It shall be
the dutv of the Board of Education to
excuse such child during the continuance
of such defect or condition.
There was a time when a common
school education was the privilege of a
few. Later, in America, it became a
privilege for all, the rich and the poor
alike. To-day this matter of a common
school education is ceasing to be a privi
lege for child and parent and is becom
ing a duty for both. State after State,
recognizing that a society such a3 ours
is onlv stable so long as the public opin
ion is intelligent, have passed compulsory
education laws requiring the attendance
of children at school between certain
years, usuallv between 8 and 14. Call
fcrnia ( during its last legislative session,
joined' the long list of sister States and
declared not only that children must at
tend school but provided the legislative
machinery for the enforcement of such
statute. '.
William Langcfon, Superintendent of
Schools of San Francisco, delivered a
very able and interesting lecture at the
California Club's weekly meeting yes
terday in the Young Men's Christian
Association building. His subject was
"Compulsory Education and Parental
Schools." He said in part:
There is a commercial side to inter
collegiate football as well as a eenti
mer.tal side. This was evidenced yes
terday when Student Managers Deco
to of Berkeley and Cowden of Stan
ford pave out statistics as to the at
tendance at the big game.
Thirteen thousand five hundred spec
tators passed through the gates at
Richmond field on Saturday. The to
tal receipts were $25,173, as against
$23,000 in 1902. This represented every
ticket printed for the game, not one
being left on hand.
Out of these receipts must be paid
the expenses of the game, which in
clude rent of field, posters, tickets and
other incidentals. When all these have
been paid there will be about $10,000 for
each university. Out of this will ba
paid the expenses of coaches, trainers,
uniforms and training tables for the
men of the teams. The balance will
po into the general athletic fund.
When the athletic agreement com
mittee, which is made up of represent
atives from each college, meets in Jan
uary the most momentous Question to
be decided will be the location of the
field on which next year's game will
be played. A football field is being laid
out at Berkeley. If played there the
game is expected to lose much of its
popularity with the general public, as
the scene of the contest will not be of
such easy access as would a field in
this city.
Delivers Able Discourse Ee
fcre Women of Cali
fornia Club.
Thirteen Thousand Five Hun
dred People Present at
Contest.
• Edna Snappe, a striking looking
young woman, well gowned and dash
ing, who told Judge Mogan that she
was an actress, came up for hearing
yesterday. She had been arrested on
Market Btreet by Policeman Duane In
the early hours of the morning because
she insisted on trying to kick oft the
top of The Call building. She told' the
Judge a pathetic story of a French
dinner and a flow of wine, and because
she looked unlike an old-timer was al
lowed to go. As an admonition the
Judge, who sometimes suffers from in-
Frank Straube was another milkman
who pleaded before the bar of Justice
yesterday. He was accused by W. J. B.
Mackey, deputy health inspector, with
having poured water in his milk and
then offering it for sale. The lactometer
told the tale of the absence of butter
fats. He was found guilty, and as he
•wandered from the courtroom Judge
Mogan leaned far back In his chair and
hummed the milkman's hymn, '"Shall
We Gather at the River?"
J. H. Cox was in the dairy business
for five days, and during that time he
succeeded in accumulating over thirty
cans belonging to other dairies. A. F.
Green, who gathers the cans on behalf
of the Dairymen's Association, told
Judge Conlan yesterday about the un
usual accumulation of Cox and be
sought him to find the defendant guilty
of petty larceny. From an expert's
standpoint he claimed that Cox could
not have accumulated the cans hon
estly. The courtroom looked like a
dairy with the accumulated evidence.
Judge Conlan wanted to hear more
about the milk question, and set the
case over until to-morrow.
Allen Ledet, a French woman, ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss yester
day on the charge of practicing medi
cine without a license. For testimony
the prosecution brought forth a sign
with the inscription "Positive cure for
baldness." The witnesses testified that
the French woman pretended to cure
skin diseases. On her own behalf she
Bald that she cured only baldness and
freckles. "I do dat, seigneur," she said,
bowing low to the Judge, "and nuzzing
more. Freckles and ze want of ha-air,
to make ze la-adies beautiful and ze
men hanzome," Judge Cabanisa
thought that one who made a single
hair grow on the desert of a bald head
was worthy of consideration, and dis
missed the defendant.
Joseph Cochrane, ivho welds steel
when it is at white heat when at work,
laid off on election day. After he had
cast his ballot he was overcome with
a desire for a cigarette. Following his
desire he invaded the election booth
and insisted that one of the judges give
him a cigarette. The judge. was bfisy
and ordered him out. He refused to go
and Policeman Blick assisted his exit.
He broke in again, still insistent on a
cigarette, and was thrown out once
more. During intervals of objection
his friend, Dan McNamara, slightly
more sober than he, tried to pacify
him. At the third invasion Policeman
Blick decided to send Cochrane to Jail
and started with him for the patrol
box. McNamara allowed his friendship
for the arrested man to overpower his
judgment, with the result that Coch
rane broke away from the arresting
officer and McNamara was taken in
tow instead. Both appeared before
Judge Fritz yesterday and were fined
$5. They were evidently hard working
men who had gone wild a little on
election and the Judge was inclined to
be lenient with them.
Patrick J. Curran, a baker by occu
pation, made all kinds of mistakes dur
ing a drunk that lasted from Saturday
night until Monday. First he mistook
the character of the food that was'
served him at a restaurant at 840 How
ard street on the last day of his spree.
To rectify this he went out and gath
ered his clothes full of lumps of coal,
which, on his return, he proceeded to
cast at the chef. The cook was agi!e
and managed to sidestep the coal, bul
the crockery and tinware suffered
some. Captain of Police Anderson was
passing and arrested Curran. Then
the unfortunate man made his second
mistake. He mistook the handsome
captain for Mayor Schmitz. "Please
don't put me in jail, Mr. Mayor," he
pleaded. Yesterday he came before
Judge Cabaniss for his doom. He de
veloped a deafness that was surpris
ing. The Judge stirred the echoes of
the prison upstairs and unstrung the
nerves of the waiting patrolmen on of
fice duty in the basement of the Hall
of Justice trying to get an explanation
from Curran of the reason he had for
throwing coal at the cook. Every one
in tlje corridors jumped at the conclu
sion that the prisoners in the dock had
broken loose and overpowered the bai
liffs while the gallant Jurist had backed
to the last redoubt and was fighting
for law and order with hands and
voice. When they rushed into the
courtroom on rescue bent they found
Judge Cabaniss standing on tiptoe and
howling through his hands In trumpet
fashion into the waiting ear of Cur
ran. Even at that the prisoner failed
to grasp the drift of the questioning
and the Judge gave him five days for
percentage.
a • • •
nance regulating the speed
of automobiles on the streets of the
city they realized that they had met a
Daniel come to judgment. He heard
their stories of doubtful speed and un
just arrest and then promptly assessed
them a fine of 510 or ten days. As one
of the defendants was connected with
a prominent lumber firm of Seattle and
the other was the manager of the Both
kin Real Estate Company they paid
their fines readily. But before they
were let go they had to listen to a sen
sible talk from Judge Cabanlss on the
rights of pedestrians.
The court told them that ignorance
of the law was often an excuse for
kniency in his court, but ignorance of
the rights of others never was. He
said that he had noticed the prevalence
of the idea among automobile drivers
that the streets at all hours were con
secrated to their use, which was an en
tirely false assumption. The streets,
he said, were tor the people, and a pe
destrian had as much right in the mid
die of one as he had lit his own horn*,
provided that he did not interfere with
legitimate traffic. Automobiles that
impugned on that right by traveling at
a hich rate of speed were a nuisance
and so far as he could he intended to
abate them. Accordingly he fined
Kaufman $10 and assessed the same
amount to Merrill. When the latter
pleaded in extenuation that he was a
resident of Seattle and unacquainted
with the local ordinances the Judge as
sured him suavely that he pitied him
sincerely for having to live outside of
San Francisco and assured him that a.3
a matter of hospitality he would accord
h£u the regular domestic rates in the
jnatter of fines.
\f -Tf -pHEN Ralph D. Merrill and
>\ >\ / H. J. Kaufman appeared be-
W W fore Judge Cabanlss on the
* " charge of violating the ordi-
Conrad Keith, a street sweeper, whose
nine bank books show that he is worth
in the neighborhood of $20,000, received
a six months' sentence for petty lar
ceny in Judge Conlan's court yester
day. Soon after his installation as a
"trusty" in the City Prison he an
nounced that he would wed Miss Rosle
Burton of 1134 Green street to-day, and
asked permission to have the ceremony
come off in the jail. Since his arrest
two weeks"*ago he has told many tales
of his engagement to Miss Burton, and
love for her -seemed to be a particular
hobby with him.
Keith, who is .42 years of age, says
he met the young woman six years ago
and that they became engaged two
years ago. He said the reason the cer
emony was not performed sooner was
because he had deceived Her as to the
amount of his wealth and she desired
him to accumulate more. When Miss
Burton was seen at her home last even
ing she was preparing for her marriage
to Walter J. Rock 'of 1268 Union street,
which Is scheduled for to-night. She is
23 years of age, very pretty and has
been In the employ of the telephone
company. She says she was never en
gaged to Keith, nor had she been ap
proached by him on the subject of love.
She believes him demented. . •
• When told of the girl's proposed mar
riage to Rock, Keith admitted that he
had not consulted her in regard to a
prison marriage, but still persists that
he was engaged to her. The police
think him insane.
First came Kate Gallagher, fifteen
years ago a belle of the town. She has
prominent relatives, who cast her off
years ago, and she has been arrested
on various charges, according to the
police records. 472 times. "When she
is good she Is very, very good, but
when she Is bad she is horrid." Judge
Mogan thought that six months in the
House of Correction was about due
her.
"Ninety out of a hundred of the
cases that come before me," said Judge
Mogan yesterday, "may be attributed
to overindulgence in drink." This was
plentifully illustrated in the Police
Courts.
digestion, warned her against the dan
gers of French dinners.
• • •
Constantino Castiglione, who some
times used his name to file saws with,
was arrested yesterday on the com
plaint of Frank Morracci, whose ap
pellation somehow suggests the ragged I
edges of the Sicilian mountains. Both I
of them are of trans-Alpine birth. The
complainant says that" in front of the
building at 410 Broadway Castiglione
assaulted him with an iron bar. Under
the skillful questioning of Louis Ward,
assistant to the District Attorney, Mor
racci admitted that he was an agent
of the Italian Government sent to look
for anarchists. His instructions, ac
cording to his story, were to overlook
the Mafia and find only anarchists.
Castiglione and his 1 friends, says Mor
racci, are anarchists of the deepest dye.
They want to wallow in the blood of
rulers. Castiglione, after he was ar
rested and released on $50 bail, gave a
different story. He said that Morracci
was a "bum" who never worked and
was not a representative of the Italian
Government. In going to his work yes
terday, he says, he met Morracci and
the latter assaulted him. He had a
stick with him and struck the anarch
ist sleuth on the head. The clash is
to be refereed by Judge Mogan this
morning.
Sale of Every Ticket
Printed for Satur
day's Match.
Their Belief That Street Is Speed Track Is Rudely Shattered.
Baker Complains of Bill of Fare and Hurls Coal at Cook.
Iron Worker's Yearnings for a Smoke Lands Him in Jai
Head of City's Schools
Lectures on Compul
sory Learning.
FOOTBALL GAME
MOST PROFITABLE
TWO RECKLESS CHAUFFEURS
ARE FINED FOR SCORCHING
LANGDON TALKS
ON EDUCATION
THE 'SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
11
BEAUTIFUL
THANKSGIVING EDITION.
SEE THE FULL PAGE
PHOTOGRAPHIC
PHANTASY
IN THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL'S
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE POPULARITY OF OUTDOOR SPORTS 1
WAS NEVER MORE IN EVIDENCE THAN TO-DAY I
"AT WORK"
Free Sunday, Nov. 22, 1903
The publisher of The Call, in anticipating the tendency of the times
in giving more time to recreation, hunting "and fishing, has acquired for
their exclusive use a series of art pictures which, will serve as reminders
; during the busy months of those delightful days passed in the field. * •
"At "Work," the title of the next Sunday Call's offering, is a reproduc-
tion from an oil painting by J. M. Tracy, an artist whose paintings of
• dogs have never been surpassed.
Mr. Tracy had for the subject of this study the celebrated Llewellyn
setter, "RODERIGO," who became famous in this country by his clean
sweep of bench and field events.
This picture, while it appeals strongly to those who know every point
in a dog, is perhaps Just as interesting to the many who lova the faithful
animal.
In handling, color and action, "At Work" is a most life-like study; a
picture that, when framed, could with difficulty be distinguished from
the original oil painting.
To overlook this is to miss one of the best of the SpoTtsmen'a Series.
DON'T DO it; , ORDER THE CALL TO-DAY.
ATrajj.tnulfof
- MILWAUKEt.
-A .Good Hand
And a steady one, for It means
sweet words of approval. .The
."dispenser," whether host or
dealer, is never embarrassed by
the feeling that it won't please.
There's QUALITY back of It —
Quality that means "Blatz" la
every glass. Uniformly Pure
and Mature.
Always the Same Good Old Blatz
B1»U XAlt-TiTiaa (Ntn-InUx) Toab
. Druggists or Direct.
Yal. Blatz Brewing Co., Miiwaakss.
Braiscliieiier & Co., k.
5 and 7 DRUM.H ST., San Francisco.
. Tel. Mi»" 161S. Wholesale Dealer*.FROM SEATTLE.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13.
The bark Santiago was cleared yesterday for
Hllo with an assorted merchandise cargo, val
ued at $57,715' and including the. following:
885 Dbls flour. 5952 ctls barley. 461 ctls oats.
Merchandise for Hilo.
Steamer. . Destination.. Salla.ivpier.
. . JVovembcr 18. j
Samoa. ..... Los "Angeles Ports. 10 amlPier -
Empire: coos Bay direct. . . 5 pmlPler ri
S. Barbara. Sea ttle & Olympia « pm|Pier "
Czarina.... Coos, Bay direct... |......|Picr 8
Korea...... China .&¦ Japan... . 1 pm Pier 4u
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier a
November 10.
G. Dollar... Grays- Harbor.... . 4 pm|Pier 20
laqua...... Humboldt ....;.... S pmiPier •>
G.- Llndauer Astoria & Portland ...... |Pier —
Sonoma....- Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
State of Cal. San Diego & W^ay. 0 am Pier 11
November. _O. - ¦ !
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata..... Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 amlPier 13
Chlco Coquille River .... 6 pmjPler < 2
M. Dollar... Portland direct ... 4 pm Pier 20
Eureka..... Humboldt .....'.... 9 am Pier 13
November 21. ¦•'. I
N. Fork.... Humboldt-. B pmjPier 20
Corona. 1 .... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p|Pier ¦ 9
Pt: Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4'pm|Pier • 2
Bor.lta. . . t.'. Newport & Way;.". 9 amjPler 11
Colon....... N. V.' via. Panama. 12 mlPler 40
Nevadan.. . Honolulu 3 pmlPier 23
Rival......'- Willapa .Harbor .. 4 pm] Pier 20^
November 22. I
S.Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 ani|Pler 11
Ccntralia... I-os Angeles ; Ports. 2 pmjPier 2
Umatilla... Puget Hound Ports, ill am Pier I a
Rainier...-- Prattle & Whatcom! 4 um Pier 10
i November 23. I' • - '
Coronado..*. Grays Harbor.. ...I 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor.:... ....;. Pier —
Olympic.-- Whatcom & Falrh'n 4 pm Pier 2
November 24. - '.
G W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24.
Alliance...". Eureka & Coos Bay 2 pm Pier 16
. . ..... November 25. . - |
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way] » am;Pier U
Gaelic.:.... China & Japan ...; 1 i>ra Pier 40
Wtcarla."..." Hamburg & .Way. . I 2 pmlPler 19
¦ November 20. .
Newburg... Grays , Harbor ::.. 4 pm Pier 10
J. Dollar..". Seattle & Tacoma.- 10 am Pier 2
.November 27^- i ¦ •
Queen, . . . . . Puget Sound Ports.ill am Pier ; 8
The British ship Balasore sailed 'for Liver
pool yesterday . with . 8G.710 cs ' canned salmon,
12.12S cs canned fruit.. 19,540 ctls barley. 60 cs
honey. 260.150 lbs orchilla and. 62. logs hard
wood, valued at $.t22,435. The chip also car
ried 15,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at
The French bark L» Tour d' Au%'ergne has
been rechartered for wheat and, barley to Eu
rope at 12« Cd.
The British chip Khyber loads lumber • on
Pug%t Bound for FTemantle at 3-%s.
The bark Kalulanl returns to Honolulu with
general cargo. .
Half Million .Dollar Cargo.
The British ahlp Vincent (on Pugret Sound)
is chartered for wheat from Portland to Eu
rope at 17s 6d. •
Matters of Interest. to Mariners and
Snipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Sun rises i 6:54
Sun seta . ... • .'• ................... .'. 4 :57
Moon rises (new)..'......:........... .6:02 a. m.
D Time Timel JTlme ~ Time
» Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. ' Ft.
? X. Vf H W L W H W .
18 4-04 2 3 10:25 ;'¦ 6.0 5:02 —0.5 ..... .....
H W L-W HVW L W
10 0-04 4.9 4:45 2.511:02 5.9 5:45— 0.6
"0 I 0:51 47J 5:20 2.7 11:40 5.8 6:28—0.5
« .1:39; 6.0 6:0S 2.9 12:17 5.6 7:07—0.4
r,A n-'27 4.7 0:56 3.0 1:01 5.3 7:49—02
2j 3-15 < 4.8 7:48 3.3 1:50 5.0 8:30 0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the lett
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. excepti when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ; occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast' Survey charts,' except when a minus ( — )
i sign precedes the -height, and then the number
1 irtven • 13 • subtracted ¦ from the ¦ depth given - by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
ot the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. : S. N., • Mer
chants' ' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
November 18. 1003. .
¦ The Time : Ball! on 'the- tower, of the Ferry
building: was dropped exactly, at ' noon ¦ to-day —
l.~ e.v. at: noon • of the 120th meridian," or- at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. . J. C.'< BURNETT.
Lieutenant, VU. S.N.. In charge.
The coasting steamer Elizabeth, built
at Stone's shipyard for, E. T. Kruse &
Co., was launched yesterday in the
presence of a large number of the own
ers* friends. The Elizabeth will be used
on the run between here and Coquille
River.
Steamer Elizabeth. Launched.
Brick Building Is Gutted by Fire.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 17.— Fire to
day practically destroyed the five-story
brick building, 117-129 North Fourth
street, occupied by the Philadelphia
Btraw Board Company and several
other tenants. Loss. $490,000. Five hun
dred persons, mostly women, were
thrown out of employment.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Heights of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Franciaco
Bay. Published by official authority of
the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at th*
city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25 min
utes later than at Fort Point; the height of tlda
Is -the Mine at both places."—
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. r For. I Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports.lNov. 19
Valencia...... Skagway &'Way Ports.lNov. 19
A1-KI.-. Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 20
Dlr!co Skagway & Way Ports.tNov. 24
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports.lNov. 27
The British ship Sutlej, at Algoa
from Ludlow, reports that during the
recent storm, of which so much damage
has been recorded, her decks were
swept, her wheel carried away and her
steering gear disabled.
Another Victim of the Storm.
The French bark MacMahon, which
has been outside the harbor for several
days, was towed into port . yesterday.
She left Cardiff 146 days . ago and
brings a cargo of coal, 3026 tons of it,
which will be discharged as Mare Isl
and Navy Yard and later distributed
to the vessels of the Pacific squadron.
The French bark Cornie Bart, which
arrived yesterday, .was also from Car
diff, which port she left 136 days ago.
She brought 2960 tons of coal. ._.;*:
Coal for Uncle Sam.
TO sail.
The collier Mackinaw, which arrived
yesterday ninety hours from Tacoma,
encountered some very heavy weather
during the trip. A number of seas
were shipped, one of which tore off the
covers of the main hatch and washed
overboard one of the lifeboats. The
mate and carpenter sustained slight in
juries during the storm. The. Macki
naw brought 3500 tons of coal.
Mackinaw Has Hough Trip.
Body round in a Burning Box Car.
FORT DODGE, la., Nov. 17.— The
body of an unknown man, well dressed,
was found In a burning box car at
tached to a Great Western train at
Hayfleld to-day. The man is believed
to have been murdered and the car
fired to hide the crime.
Weds Daughter of Former President.
ALBANY, N. Y., Nov. 17.— The soci
ety event of recent years here was the
wedding to-day of Miss Ellen Herndon
Arthur of this city, daughter of the
late President Chester A. Arthur, to
Charles A. Pinkerton of New York
City, in St. Peter's Protestant Episcopal
Church. Bishop Potter of New York
officiated. After their wedding journey
Mr. and Mrs. Pinkerton will reside in
New York City. Pinkerton is the son of
John J. Pinkerton of Westchester, Pa.
Steamer. From l Due.
™val Wlllnpa Harbor Nov~lS
S hlco Cbquille River x O v' IS i
Gaelic........ china & Japan . Xov' 18
M'neola Tacoma ......... .... ' v°v' [t
Arlzonan Seattle '. *Xov IS
Eureka Humboldt Nov Ig
gelNorte.... Crescent City Nov 18
North Fork... Humboldt Nov* 18
on '» Newport & Way Ports. Nov.* 18
fr a ' n | er . Seattle & Whatcom . . . . Nov. 1!,
c hi i )J " Bet Sou nd Forts iNov. i»
S. Monica.... San Pedro... |Nov 10
laiua-; San Pedro ...;.. Nov in
Uty Sydney.. New York via Panama Nov. 19
C°i" 0Ila Humboldt ............. Nov la
I'oint Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Nov! 19
M Dollar *"" & AVay Ports N ° v - »»
ai. uoiiar i, an p ec jro jfov °o
Nlcaria ... Seattle ./ VoV "o
G. W Elder.. Portland & Astoria. NoV 21
#£.%? i an X : pd ™ & ,^y Ports No£,22
r^trafla Humboldt ."> ....Nov 2>
£ K,lf ""•' Ora > s Harbor ......... Xov 2 r '
J e gS?2 rays Harbor ••••••• Nov.' &
i'liunce Seattle i Tacoma .... Nov. 22
r ."hills Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 22
».nenaii« s an p e( jro Nov " •—
Coronado a nn r> o/) ,," ¦•••¦••..... *.„
« & ™™Z::r::::::::;^:%
StiteofCaV i Uffet s o«nd Ports.... Nov. 23
Aiameaa..... Honolulu Nov *>4
Newnort ' ' ' * ' £°°v- Hay & Port Orford Nov. 26
Ce^tennVaV &-* £ Y " vla Panama Nov. 25
rnbimMo " g, (att: e & Tacoma .... Nov. 25
HawXn.V.V N^YoV SSI
Ctty Pucbla. . . Puget Snnn^ Pnrta |S°;- z' s
The French bark La Bruyere, out 1S6
days from the-Tyne for Port Los An
geles, was placed on the .reinsurance
list yesterday at 10 per cent. The rate
on the German bark Thalia was ad
vanced to 60 per cent. The other over
dues are quoted as follows: Charlonus,
10 per cent; Daisy, 90 per cent; Fife
shire. 40 per cent; Paris. 30 per cent;
Cadogan, 15 per cent, and Lindisfarne,
10 per cent.
The Overdue List.
"It is not," was the reply. "To prove
this I will say that negotiations are go
ing on now between the White Star line
and the Hamburg-American line which
will, if completed, bring these two con
r-erns .into very close touch, so far as
their traffic between New York and the
Mediterranean is interested."
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— In discussing
the results of his visit to this city,
Herr Albert Ballin, director general of
the Hamburg-American line, has con
firmed the reports of an arrangement
for ocean service in connection with the
new Kansas City, Mexico and Orient
Railway.
"A contract has been completed be
tween our company and the Kane as
City, Mexico and Orient Company," he
eaid, "by which we will establish a pas
senger and freight line to the Far East
and a line of freight ships to Austra
lia from the Pacific terminus, Topolo
bampo, Mexico, which Is to be named
Port Stillweil, in honor of the president
<if the comoany. We expect that the
railroad will be finished in two years
and it and the steamship lines will form
a community of interests for quite a
long period."
"Is It true." he was asked, ''that there
are any existing: differences between
the German lines and the International
Merchant Marine Company?"
Hamburg-American Line to Act in
Conjunction With the Orient
Railway.
COMPLETES THE CONTRACT
FOE A NEW OCEAN SERVICE
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 17.— The Su
preme Court to-day rendered a decision
which is taken to mean that Christian
Science may be practiced in Ohio. Some
time ago a family named Bishop,
in Hamilton, Ohio, was tried and
acquitted on a charge of -manslaughter
for having permitted a child to die
without giving it medicaP aid. The
State carried the case up on exception
and to-day the Supreme Court over
ruled the exceptions.
Christian Science Is Legal in Ohio.
Tuesday. November 17:
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 90 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Xevadan. Wesden, 7 days 10 hours
from Kahulul.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelow, 75 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Wnltesbcro, Olsen, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, 16 hours from Cas
par; bound south; put in to land passengers.
Btmr Cocullle River, Dart, 02 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Fulton. Lee, 18 hours from Westport.
Yr bark MacMahon, Lejoss, ¦ 145 "flays from
Cardiff.
Tr bark Cornll Bart, Cavelan, 135 days from
Cardiff. .'-...,•/;¦
CLEARED.
Tuesday, November 17:
G»r shio Industrie, Schwegmann, Adelaide;
W R Grace & Co.
Eark Santiago, Anderson, Hilo; J D Spreck
els ' & Bros Co.
SAILED. . j'.-J o
Tuesday, November 17:
Stmr Coea Bav, Nlcolaon, San Pedro.
Rtmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria, etc. '
Stmr Arctic, Reiner*, Eureka.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen, San Pedro. rV l: - ¦
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr Gipsy, Lelaml, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocind.
Htmr Westoort. Smith, Wcstport.
Fr ship Leon Blum. Rehel, Sydney.
Hr ship Balasore, Lloyd, Liverpool.
Hark Santineo, Anderson. Hllo.
Schr Ida A, Beck, Bodega.
Schr Sailor Boy.- O'.seji, Grays Harbor.
Schr Sehome. Jiatisan, Everett.
Schr Glendale, Gronvold. Astoria.. -
Schr Challencer. Anderson. . Ballard.
Schr Ethel Zane, Erratt, Everett.
Schr Mindoro, Larsen, . Port Gamble.
SPOKEN. -
Per Fr bark Cornll Bart— Aug 25, Iat 39 S
Ion 52 10 W, Br bark Mozambique, from Car
diff, for Vancouver. ¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT -LOBOS. Nov 17, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 12 miles per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS.-
TA COM A— Sailed Ncv 17— Br ttmr Alcoa
for Yokohama, etc. Aigoa.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived. Nov 17— Stmr Man
dalay, hence Nov 14: stmr Olympic, from. 1
Fairhaven. Nov 16 — Schr Marion, from W1I
lapa Harbor.
Sailed Nov 17— Schr Fearless, for Fairhaven
stmr Alcatraz. for San Francisco. Nov , 1&—
Schr Comet, for Grays. Harbor
™ R T "JDLOW— Arrived Nov 17-Bktn
Klikltat, from Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 17— Br ship Sardomene, for Ade
laide.
ASTORIA— Sailed Nov 17— Schr Alvena, for
San Pedro; Fr bark Jolllette, for ; Fr bark
Chas Gounod, for Queenatown; Br ship Arden
craig, for Algoa Bay.
Nov 17— Stmr Navarro, from Coos
Bay; stmr Aberdeen, hence Nov 14 •
Arrived Ncv 17— Schr E B Jackson, from
Honolulu.
Sailed Nov 17— Pchr R W Bartlett. for Re
dondo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 17— Schr WJ
Patterson, for San Pedro; schr James Rolph,
for San Francisco; schr Jas H Bruce, : for San
Pedro: schr Fred E Sanders, for San. Pedro;
echr Aloha, for San Francisco; schr ' Cecilia
Sudden, for Sun Francisco: bktn Geo C Per
kins, for San Francisco; schr William Renton.
for San Pedro: schr Lizzie Vance,- for San
Fra.ne.lsco. ..',-. .
REDONDO— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Redondo,
hence Nov 14. and sailed for San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Melville Dollar, for San
Francisco. ' - ¦ ...
EVERETT— Sailed Nov . 17— Schr Golden
Shore, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov • 1G^-Schr Jessie
Minor, hence Oct 2«: schr Fannie' Adele, hence
Oct 7: Oct 17 — Schr Bella, hence Nov. 5. ..
SEATTLE — Sailed Nov, 17 — Jap 'stmr Kaga
Maru, for. Hongkong. . ¦••:¦.
Arr.ved No* 17— Stmr : Centennial; hence
Nov 14. •: . ¦¦
TATOOSH— Passed' out Nov 17— Schr En
deavor, from Maine, for - San' Pedro.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
24S1 bales hay. 210 ctls wheat. 136 ctls corn.
41,039 lbs middlings. 110.079 lbs bran. 671S lbs
beanc. 41C.7S5 lbs fertilizer, IS pkgs 5 cs sal
mon. 105 cs canned goods, 10 pkgs candy. OiC
pkRS groceries and provisions, S730 gals ¦wine,
1.T79 lbs sugar. 4.10 lbs butter. 78 cs bread/ 5!)
bxs fresh fruit 42 crts onions. 125 crts pota
toes. 978 lbs cheese, 280 lbs 1 cs dried fruit.
UCf> lbs ham. 5 bxs paste. 20.600 lbs salt, 12 cs
meals. 2 pkgs raisins 9 cs olives, 2S0O lbs lard
5 pkgs fresh vegetables. 20.000 ft lumber. IS
bales paper bags. SO pkgs paper. ."53 pes steel,
104 pes 5 bdls iron. 39 pkgs \machlnery, 4S
cs boots and shoes, 49 c« matches, 20
bdls brooms, 9 pkgs leather. 11 bxs
electrical supplies. 100 bble cement. S cs rub
ber goods. 3475 lb* 6 cs tobacco, 107 cb soap,
22 pkgs dry goods. 78 colls ropo, 42 pkgs
palnta and oils. IC50 cs coal oil. 17 pkgs agri
cultural Implements. 309 sks coal, 5 bxs can
dles. 50 bbls lime. IS bdla wagon material. 8
cs drugs and sundries. : Jv j .
FRENCH BARK MACMAHON
WHICH ARRIVED YESTER
DAY FROM; CARDIFF.
Kerwan was in the saloon business
in this city many years ago and was
more recently engaged in conducting
a boarding-house at 62 Bay -street.
The family say that Kerwan used to
take baths at home so hot that they
could hardly keep their hands in the
water. • ¦-¦¦> '<'¦'•*¦
James Kerwan, a well known charac
ter around the water front, died in St.
Mary's Hospital yesterday morning
from scalds received while taking a
tub bath in the Crystal baths on No
vember 7. He had been accustomed .to
the use of very hot water and when
he went to his home at 62 Bay street,
he informed his married daughter that
his back pained him. He grew rapidly
worse and was taken to the hospital,
where it was found that his akin from
the waist down had- been cooked.
His Skin From the Waist Downward
Is Found to Have Been
Cooked.
JAMES KERWAN'S HOT
BATH CAUSES DEATH
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Counsel
for for the Northern Securities Com
pany to-day filed a motion in the
United States Supreme Court to dismiss
the appeal of the State of Minnesota
from the decision of the United States
Circuit Court for the District of Minne
sota in the case of that State versus
the Securities Company. The motion Is
made on the ground that no question
of constitutional construction is in
volved in the case, and therefore no di
rect appeal from the Circuit Court to
the United States Supreme Court Is
permissible. In their brief in support
of the motion counsel contend that
while the suit was enjoined on Federal
grounds as well as State statutes, none
of the rulings of the Circuit Court in
volved the construction or application
of the Federal constitution. They said:
"To warrant a direct appeal from the
Circuit Court to this court on constitu
tional grounds the case must involve a
constitutional question really and sub
stantially and not imaginative. The
case involves a Federal question and
so was properly brought into the Cir
cuit Court as a case arising under the
laws of the United States. The sole
question is whether a direct appeal can
be taken from the Circuit Court to the
Supreme Court. It is not material that
a constitutional question might have
been raised here toy the appellees had
they been defeated below or if some
different decision had been made in the
case a constitutional question might
have become involved. The decision
of this court settled that the constitu
tional question must be in the case ac
tually, and not potentially; that is,
that the question must have been di
rectly decided by the lower court or
have been necessarily involved in what
was decided."
Northern Securities Company Denies
Hight of the Supreme Court
to Review Case.
MOVES FOR A DISMISSAL
OF MINNESOTA'S APPEAL
Among the passengers will be a
number of noted people and a large
gathering of society's best will witness
the departure of the big steamship.
Major General Arthur MacArthur and
his aid, Colonel Parker W. West, go
on the liner to Honolulu to join the
army board now at the island port en
gaged in selecting a site for a perma
nent military post. Mr| Silas B. Terry,
with her son and daughter, goes on the
Korea to join Admiral Terry at Hono
lulu.
E. R. Stackable, Collector of Customs
at Honolulu, who has been here in
the Interests of the service, will be a
passenger on the liner. Mrs. K, Taka
hlra, wife of the Japanese Minister to
Washington, will return to her native
land on the Korea.
Other distinguished passengers are:
Dean C. Worcester of the Philippine
Commission: Lieutenant Commander
York Noel of the navy, who, with Mrs.
Noel and their daughter, is going to
Yokohama, and Mr. and Mrs. Isaac L.
Requa.
Since her arrival from the Orient the
Korea has been on the drydock and will
leave port in good condition to make
record time. -
THE • Pacific Mail Company's
big liner Korea, her decks
crowded with passengers and
her holds crammed with precious
freight, will sail at 1 o'clock
this afternoon for the Orient. She will
carri' ISO cainn passengers and about
300 Asiatics in the steerage. Her cargo
of 6S00 tori3 Includes 1500 tons of flour.
300 tons of lead and 3000 bales of cot
ton.
TO AKiriVE.
Movements of Steamers.
BAXDOX— Arrived "Nov 17— Schr Ruby,
hence Nov 1. ¦ ¦ '
Arrived Nov 17— Schr Ruby, hence Nov 1;
schr Onward, hence Nov 11. _
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Xov 17— Stmr Bo
nita, for San Francisio.
EUREKA- Sailed Nov 1C— Stmr San Pedro.
Nov. 17 — Stmra North Fork and Eureka, for
San Francisco: schr Azalea, for San Pedro;
Br bark Woo'lahra. for Sydney; Xor bark City
of Agra, for Melbourne.
Arrived Nov 17— Schrs Dora Bluhm and
Esther Buhne. from San Pedro; schr Jennie
Stella, hence Nov 7; schr Ottllie Fjord, from
Honolulu.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Nov 17— Br bark In
veramsay, from London.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Xov 17— Schrs Jen
nie Wand and Louie, for San Francisco; schr
Wawona. for San Pedro.
POINT REYES— Passed Nov 17, 1 p m—
Stmr Fulton, from Westport, lor San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 1G— Schr Willis A
Holdon, for Port Townsend.
KIHEI— Sailed Nov 7— Bktn Fullerton. for
Ean Francisco.
MANILA— Arrived Nov 1C— Schr Prosper,
from Astoria,
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 31 —
Pleiades, from Seattle.
Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver, for HioKo, Nagasaki, Shang
hai and Hongkong.
Sailed Nov 17 — Stmr China, for San Fran
cisco. . . ,-"
CARDIFF — In port Nov . 3 — Br slilp Wan
derer, lor Antwerp end San Francisco.
LONDON— In :>ort Nov 4— Br ship Celtic
Monarch, for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Oct 27— Br ship
Ewanhilda. for Panama; Br ship Marlon Fra
srr, fcr Acapulco.
VICTORIA— Sailed Nov , 17— Jap stmr Kaga
M.iru, for Hongkong; Br stmr Tartar, for
Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to Nov 17— Stmr
Sierra, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
S>dney, NSW.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Syria,
for Genoa and Naplfs; 1 stmr Kaiser Wllhelm
II. for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cherbourg:;
stmr Arrmnlan. for Liverpool.
QUKENSTOWN — Arrived Nov 15 — Stmr
Friesland, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Sylva
nian. for Boston.
MOVILLE— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Ethiopia,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
During the trip to-day these matters
will be fully discussed and in trme they
will be drawn to the attention of the
authorities for the purpose of having
them carefully looked into by the Fed
eral Government.
It is contended that if a light should
break down and at the same time the
patrol vessel should be "put out of
commission," there would be great
danger to vessels, because there would
not be any to place in the immediate
vicinity of the dismantled light. It Is
also desired that there should be light
buoys at different points to assist navi
gation in the night. As it is now the
vessels are compelled to follow the al
most obsolete custom of sailing by day
and dropping anchor at dark. It Is
claimed that there should be a light at
Point Agosta and that the one at Cape
Mendocino ought to be abandoned.
California proposes to ask for a num
ber of things that will result, if
adopted, in greater protection to prop
erty and human life. "The people in
the East," said Captain Parsons, who
was present when the captain general
was telling of his visit here, "get all
they ask for, and there is no good rea
son why California should not get what
Is absolutely necessary."
Among the things that California
wants is the removal of two rocks eas^t
of the Pacific Mail dock In the bay of
San Francisco, that are a menace to
navigation. At times there is but
four ar.d a half fathoms of water on
these rocks and that is too shallow for
steamers that have a thirty-foot
draft. It is true that these are mark
ed by buoys, but still they are danger
ous and ought to he removed. Another
is the necessity fcr a light and fog sta
tion at Army Point in the bay of San
Francisco. Still another is the addi
tional patrol ship for the lighthouse
service. At this time there is but one,
the Madrone. to patrol a coast 800 miles
long. It is the Judgment «of those most
interested in deep-water navigation
that there ought to be two such ships,
as the distance traveled is too great for
safety.
To-day the grand captain will be the
pruest of the State on an excursion
around the bay. a tug of the Harbor
Commissioners having been placed at
his disposal for a tour of observation.
He will be accompanied by some of the
State officers, who are interested in the
navigation of the bay and the inland
waters; by members of the United
States Engineer Corps, city officials
and prominent master mariners and
pilots.
His talks on the occasion of these
visits were for the good of each branch
of the parent organization and many
matters of interest for the betterment
of conditions were discussed, although
the harbors of this city, so said the
grand captain yesterday, have less
grievances than those on the Atlantic
seaboard. The rights and duties of in
spectors were explained and he im
parted a great deal of valuable infor
mation to the harbors which will be
assistance to them in the future.
John C. Silva, captain general of the
Grand Harbor of the Association of
ilaster Mariners and Pilots of the
United States and Territories, has been
the guest of the San Francisco harbors
since his arrival in this city on Friday
last. During his stay here he met the
two harbors of this city, California No.
15 and Golden Gate No. 40, in the
Pythian Castle, and to each he paid aa
oiliclal visit.
Mr. Woodworth filed complaint yes
terday to recover $18,000 from Frank A.
McKee and Pearley Maxwell, being the
alleged value of tan bark and tan oak
wood cut by them on Government land
in Humboldt County.
Manuel Fernandez, a seaman former
ly employed, on the steamship Daunt
less, filed a iibel against that vessel to
recover~$600 damages alleged to have
been sustsfined by the breaking of his
left leg while on duty on the vessel
on August 18. He charges the ship's
officers with negligence.
T. C. West filed a demurrer to the
indictment against Lee Sing Gee, Wong
Suey Quong, Choy Gut and Yee Lee,
the Chinese laborers who were substi
tuted for Chinese immigrants allowed
to escaoe by the late William P. Gam
ble, deputy United States Marshal. The
demurrer was taken under advisement.
On motion of United States District"
Attorney Woodworth the case of the
United States against the Tyro Mining
Company for cutting timber on Gov
ernment land was dismissed. It was
ascertained by Government experts
that the defendant had gone out of ex
istence and had never been incorpo
rated. The suit was instituted before
Mr. Woodworth became United States
Attorney.
In the United States District Court
yesterday the Progreso Steamship Com
pany, as owner of thS steamship Edith,
filed a libel against the steamship
Charles Nelson to recover $35,000
salvage for towing the derelict steam
schooner Charles IS^lson into the port
of San Francisco. The value of the
Nelson, as she now lies, is said to be
between $80,000 and $90,000, and that of
her cargo of lumber at $5000.
The waterlogged'" Charles Nelson was
placed on the Sixteenth street dry dock
late yesterday afternoon, and to-day
surveyors will estimate the amount of
damage she sustained on her semi
submarine trii> down the coast. The
water was pumped out of her late
Monday afternoon, and during the
night about a foot leaked through her
strained seams. As far .as can be
judged at present the coaster's hull,
although slightly "hogged," is in good
shape, and the salvage earned by Cap
tain Hall will probably amount to a
substantial sum.
Although the suit is brought against
John C. Lynch the Government is the
responsible defendant.
It is alleged further that for' the pe
riod from March 3, 1902, to October 9,
1902, Lynch collected the further* sum
of 515,324, whereas the gross recepits
from the business other than that of
refining sugar were $41,625, no part of
which is taxable under the act, says
the complaint.
It is contended that the act makes an
illegal, unjust and arbitrary discrim
ination, founded on the pretended dif
ference between the business of man
ufacturing sugar and that of refining
the same, between the complainant and
other firms • refining » sugar. For this
and other reasons it is contended that
the act is invalid and unconstitutional.
The complaint alleges that Lynch by
force and duress and under cover of
the act collected that sum from the
complainant illegally as internal rev
enue war tax. It is alleged that from
December 15, 1S93, to January 28, 1902,
he collected $69,282 32 under protest,
whereas the gross receipts from the
complainant's business from other
sources than its business of refining
sugar, namely, $61,241 for interest on
losses and debts, was not taxable un
der the provisions of the act.
To test the constitutionality of the
act of Congress entitled "An act to
provide ways and means to meet war
expenditures and for other purposes,"
approved June 13, 1S93, the Western
Sugar Refining Company filed suit in
the United States Circuit Court yes
terday, through its attorneys, Morrison
6 Cope, against John C. Lynch, United
States Collector of Internal Revenue,
to recover $84,606 43, with interest at
7 per cent and costs.
Tells of Thing3 That Are Re
quired to Assist Navi
gation.
United State3 Attorney Wood
worth After the Timber
Cutter3.
Sues for $84,606 43, Making
Collector Lynch Nominal
Defendant.
Qive3 Them Information
That Will Help in
the Future.
Thirty - Five Thousand
Dollars Demanded
for Salvage.
Western Sugar Com
pany Attacks Validity
of the Act.
GRAND CAPTAIN
VISITS HARBORS
NELSON LIBELED
FOR LARGE SUM
WAR TAX PAID PAID
UNDER PROTEST
KOREA WILL SAIL TO-DAY WITH MANY
NOTABLES AMONG HER PASSENGERS
Pacific Mail Company's Big Liner to Take Nearly 7000 Tons
of Cargo — General Mac Arthur Travels to Honolulu on Steam
ship and Dean Worcester Goes to the Philippine Islands
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, .SOT-EMBER- ¦ 18, 1903*
12
BAILWAY TEAVEL.
NEXT -SUNDAY CALL
MATRIMONIAL
,. "V COMEDY OF THE
THANKSGIVING
TTJBKET
You'll Roar Wit- Laughter at
This Story in the
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
nhysidans. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
TriaJ Size, 25 Cents.
At Drueeists or by mall, from
- n - K .rBo«kli>t on tb« ratloBMl treat*
rBfc * < \ment of tf ls«aaea aent Cree.
Eczema, Salt Rheum, Pimples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Skin Diseases
BAHWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Mala Line. Foot of Market Strett >
utTi — Fkom OcTOB«a3>. lap*. ~Z~~77^^
74J0a Benlcla. SuUun. Jilmiraaad 3»crv
menta 7 ,-
7.00a T«cmTille. "Winters. Ramsey..... " 4|5*
7^0a Martinez, San Ramon, Vaiiejo"
Xapo. Callstoea. Sunta Uom.... - ~-
740a KUes, Llrermore, Tracy, Lathrop"
Stockton ...» t»-
8430* DaTls.Woo«l]an<l. Knlsht»L«aa!n£
Maryivtlle. Orovllle 7 -,
8 00a Ay»ntIcKxpres»— Ogden »nd Eaii". in!!!.
8-30a l*ort Costa, Martinez. Antiocn. By-
ron.Tracy.Stockton.dscrmnieQto,
KewntB, Los liano*. Memlota,
Armon.v Lemoore, llnufori
VUalla. PorterTtllo 4 — ;_
8 J0a Fort Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Latb^
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Goshen Jane tlon. Lemoore, Baa-
ford. Vlsatla. Bakerofleld 4.55,
8-3&A 8n*sta Express— Unrts. Wtnumi
(for Bartiett SprlnKi). Willows,
trrnto, Ked Elnff, Portland 7.53p
840a 5lles. Saa Joae, Llrermore. Stock-
ton.Ioae. Sacmiaento.PlacerTUle,
-,« Marysrllle. Cbico. Ked Rind 4.25p
8. 30* Oalcdsle. Chinese. Jamestown. 80-
. M ,. nor *- Tuolnm n > ' «nd Angels 4.2S*
.282* JJartlnez and Way Stations 655p
10.00a Viiiejo. . . 12 2Sr
:o co* „ ~ T-- ¦-.
Ton cotta. Martinez, nyroa,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno Uaa>
ford. Vlsalla. £akerss«ld. Los
Anseles <Wra>
« MM «rfrres tt» oast Line)... «1.30?
10.00a The Overland Limited — Oeden.
...» _ DenTel> . Omaha. Chicago. 8 23r
!?S2 M F»y w « rt >« »»«¦ "<1 Way Stations. 3.25P
tl .OOf Saernmento Klver Steamf rs tl 1.00*
530r Benlcla. Wlatsrs. Sacrsrhento.
Woodland, Knlchts Landlnsr,
• MarTSTllic. OroTllle and way
stations * 1355*
S-ZOr Ha/want. Nile* and Way Stattom 7 Hr
3.30* Port Costa, Martinez. Byron'
Tracy. Lathrop, Modesto!
Merced, Fresno and Way g-^.
tlons beyond Port Coita... . 1?25p
3 30p Martinez, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl " 10 23a
4 XOp Martlnez,SanlUn/on.ValleJo,irapal "--•""
Cnllstoga. Sriuh ISo«a. 8 25a
4 COr Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...'" 4 25r
430f Hayward. Nlles, Irrlnjton, San I t8.55*
Jose. LtTennore f ji-i 55.
600r Tba Owl Limited— Newman. Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno, Tatars,
BakcrsOeld. Los Angeles 8. 55*
B.COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.25*
t5 30* liny ward. Nlles and San Jo«« 7 ?Sa
COO* iltyw»rd. Nlles and San Jose 1025a
6.00* Oriental Mull— Ojrden. DenTer.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
Kast. Port Costa, Bealc'.a. Sul-
tan, Elmira, Davis, Sacramento,
ICoc!:lln. Auburn. Colfas.
Truckee. Boca. Reno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnensucca. BatUa
Mountain. Elko 4.23*
COO* Vaiiejo. dally, except Sunday.... » , ..
700* Vaiiejo. Sunday only ( ' oaF
7 .COr San Pablo, Port Costa, Msrtinea
and Way Stations. 11.25*
£X5* Oregon A California Express— Sae-
ramento, JiarysTlile. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and Kast. 8-53 *
9.10r Hayward. Ntles and Saa Jose (Sun-
day only) II.BSa,
COAST LINE (.Narrow Uaogt).
(F*oot of Marfcet Street.)
b-15* Newark, Oenterrlile. San Jose.
Feiton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations. 643*
12-15* Newark, Centerrille, Saa Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gatos,Felton.
Eoulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 10S3*
4 IS* Kewark. San Jose. Los Oatoa and
way stations tS.SSa
¦ 3 30* Hunters Train. Saturday only. Saa
Joee and Way Stations. Sunday
only returns from LOs Gatoa $7 2S>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
r rom S AN * It AN ClSCO^Foot of Market St. (SllpO
— fJ:H »:00 11:W>a.m. 1.00 3 CO 5.15r.K.
if rom OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:tt> »:•»
18:03 11): 00 a.m. 12 00 200 4-00 r.u.
COAST LINE (Uroad Uaaire).
QT (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 8 33*
7 COa San Jose and Way Stations #.. t 38?
8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld^ only), 4.10*
B 00a CoastLlne Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hot-
lister). Pajaro. CastroTUle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Roblea,
Santa Margarita, San Luis Oblspo.
Principal stations thence Suit
(connection for Lompoc) princl-
' pal stations thence Santa Bar-
bara and Loa Angeles. Connec-
tion at CastroTUle to and from
Monterey and Pacific GroTe . 10.45*
8.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Capltola,
8antaCruz,PaclncGroTe,Saltnaa,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4. 10*
10.30a Esn Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11.30a Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa
' and Way Stations 7.30*.
l-30r San Jose and Way Stations 8-36*
i-CUr Pacific GroTe Express— SantaCIara
Urn Jo*e, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gaage Points)
•t Gllroy for llollister. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTUle for Salinas. 12.1S*
8-30* Gllroy Way Passenger 11045*
t4 45F ban Jose, (vl* Santa Clara) Loa
Oatos. and Principal Way Sta- " ''¦"• fl
Uons (except Sanday) t9-28A
{5-30* SanJoseaadPrlncl^alWayStatlona t8.00*
6.00* Sunset Limited, Eastbound.— San
Luis ObUpo, Santa Barbara, Los
Angeles, bemlng. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
arrives «l*S«nJoaquiDValley)... k9 25a
tS.16> SanMa:eo.Beresford.Belmon(.San
Carlos, Redwood, Fair OaJta,
. .__ Menlo Park. Palo Alto t6-48A
6 JO* San, Jose and Way Stations. 8 36a
11 .3Qp South San Francisco, Mlllbrae. Bur-
llncame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9 4S»
11-30* Mayfleld, Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose t9-45*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
{Sunday only.
i Etops at all stations on Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. a Saturday only.
«\ ta Coast Line. if Via San Joaquln Valley.
far* Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
«e6:10*..j»..rt:COj,.M..ll:3JA.u.,S:30p.M. and 6: SO P. _.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AM) NORTH PACIFIC
XSAX-WAT COMPABTT.
Tiburoa Terry. Poet of Market Street.
SAW rSABTCZSCO TO SAN SAFA_X .
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. ll:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6-10,. 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. »:3O. 11:00. a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
5:0O 6:20. tl :30 p. m.
SAW ' SAFAEL TO SAW PHASTCTSCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:06. 7:33. 7:50. 0:20. 11:1*
a m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — E«tra trip at 2:05 aad 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:CO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:58. 8:05. 6:25 p. in.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 19OS. .[San Francisco.
We»k I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Weelt
Days. 1 days. | tlon. | daysL | Daya.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 al S:40 a
9:30 a Iffnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:S0p 3:30 p 6:03 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5.0O p 7:35 p
7 30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:S0p 9:3Oa Petaluma, 6:06 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:3Op and 7:35 p
; 5:00 p Santa Rosat
; "7 -30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p «:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p ________
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 9.
Lytton. - .
3:30 p 3:30 p) Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p>
I Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 a! ICopIand 110:40 a!10:2O a
3:30 a! 3:30 p| and Uklah.^ | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WUlits. | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:0Oal 110:40 a:i0:2O a.
3:30 pf 3:30 pf Gnernevllle. I 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a] 8:00 a I Sonoma. J 9:10 a! 8:40 a
5:10 pf 5:00 pf Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Kosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey- _
aerville for SkaKi" s I»r ln « 8: 1 .' lt r 23.nwSti* I
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
HoDland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Spring. Soda B*y ; }+**-
port and Bartlett Sprinjrs: *J,,Ji ltl T a j l fc 5 or T vl chy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. \PP«r Lake Pomo.
p;!pr Vallev John Day's. Riverside. LJerly'a
lucllneirs Sanhe,irtn Heights. HullviUe. O? r -;
Hot Springs. Halfway Hcuse. Coraptche. Camp
Steven^ Hopkins. >««£*&? «*J- |"°« §™*«.
Westport. Usal: at W lints for Fort Eragg.
Westport Sherwood. Canto Covello. Laytcn-
TUteCumxnlniw. BeM f s Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. GarbervtUe. Pepperwood. Scotia
* D S 1 atu"da 1 y a 'to Sunday round-trip tickets at r«-
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office. C3O Market street. Chronic!*
bU lL dl cf WHIT1NO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen." Pass. Aft.
Mt.'Taivialpais Railway
Leave T— Saasalito t mj Arrive
SanFrandsco Foot tf Mart «t St San Franciaco
Weelt Sun- fl~*a Sun- Week
Days, days ii'SyWffvSS^. days Day?.
•11:80 i*»:Oo A fc?«ffls^_« 1^:03 pirO:40l
*1:45p 9:OOa V^G3k?S_nDf 1:85f J:5i>r
5:15p 1O:OOa «g^^ 2:5Op 5:5Op
11:OOa \£K^7 4:5O? 9:5Of
».™~. l:4.->p ~aSa|r 5:5Op ....™_
. • 3:13 p 7:5Op . — .'"'
*Cs_uct Ti_ rtap far * Biysa — i T_ot fa— y
TICK! J 62d Makkkt ST.,(N'orth Shore Railroad)
MKC23 J and SAUSAixro Fuutv, Foot Market St.
ffi H_G9
I LIIRITED TO CHICAGO I
I Leaves Mondays and Thursday* 6
B at 0:3O a. m., through In 3 days, H
I with diner and all trappings. ja
Other Santa Fo Trains:
1$& *' ™* ! for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfield,
Iloo p.* m'. ) Merced, Hanford and Viaalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago. '
Ticket Offick: 641 Market 8 1., and Ferry
¦ Depot. S. r. Also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
HTOSANRAFAEb
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito -"erry.
Suburban Service. -Standard Gau g e_Electric-.
Depart from San, Francisco DaUy-7 W. |.0O.
n-nTi 10-00 11*00 a. m., \£.m. i.vk ».*<».
"^f'ro'm'mi^valXet to stfnu*
.»:» ..••«¦ ¦¦»{& O P UOH TRAINS.
8:00 a. to. week days— Cazadero and way
" l V*1Z%' m- week daya (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:15 P. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
• ! "Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Heyea and
> ¦ way stations. '
I -.TICKET- OFFICE— €28 Market st.
I FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.CHICAGO. Nov. 17.— A bullish sentiment
pervaded the wheat pit and there was an un
usually good demand throughout the session
frcm local traders, which resulted to a big
advance ia prices. Th* early market was ea«ler
on selllag by scalpers, who were influenced by
the unfavorable weather and lower cables and
December opened a shad* higher to Uc lower
at 7tt«»c to 764c, but later a good demand de
veloped from tt. LcuU bouses and Ncrthwe«t
traders and the market became firmer^
Higher prices in all outside points was in
strumental ia starting the buying movement,
which resulted in an urgent demand during the
latter half of the *»*s!on. A report that the [
Manitoba <rop had been reduced 3.5CO.CO0 besh- f
els Induced considerable change by abort* Uter I
Chicago Grain Market
Retail Meet Prices.
The fcllcwiag Wttfl rrices fcr meats ar*
<uc?ed by Oj* Retail Butchers" Protective As
t:<U.t:ea:
EEEF— Prime P.r&rt. 1531Sc: Porterhouse
F-»ai. ll£22i-c; Tenderloin Steak. iSglSc;
* f:ri'.is Steak." 124S'-'<; ~^P R r ~ d &*£;
It4c; Beef ftew, lOc; Ccraed Beef. &£10c;
Eoap Boaes. 4c; Sous Meat. 5310c.
VEAL— Lola Roest. I5$20c: SfccnMer Roast.
1:451V; Cfcorsi ar.i Cutlet*. 15§20c; Stew.
'"m'-'ttcn— Leg. WftCXBc; nu»equ*gty. g«
:<v Stew. S3 10c: Pr;=:e Cfcss*. 12461SC.
LAMB— L*g. 20c; Forequarter. 124S13c:
Hiaaquarter. l c fr2t>:; Shoulder Roast. 10©
I2 4c; Cfccps, 153 ISc-
PORK— Koist. 124515c; ChC5*. 15C15C.
Tfee»e price* do r.ot cover the caeajer grace?
tt u i* ini&^s.tle to guote regular r«ces en
ttera.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report d A. G. McAdie. se?
tion iirecter cf tte c::=r^te and crop sefrles!
tt -he weather bureau, i» as fcliijws:
r,-r.»ral Sur^maro-.— Tte weather d~arir.g the
»^i »as- c»-^rt.:!y eocl ar.l cloudy ia the cen
trai aai nortiiera eecuciLs aad clefcr acd warm
:a dec »->cta- Fog* prevailed aiocg tse coast.
Light irosiz occurred In some districts. Tr.«
r^:n>:i »as h**vy in th* ccrthera lection*.
rar^u^g frrra cue to eiae tache» Jor the w^eek;
¦ ¦WTftrnt raur.s :eil ia the ceatrsi section, and
Itsst raia along the eouth»ra coact and ia the
Jcaqulr. Valley, rr-t la Southern Calitor
: :r.;y a trace cf raia had fallen us t» iloa
•-c/ memias.
ite s*>tl is ia excellent condition* ia all
limit » where r*o^ot rm^ns have occurred, aad
ia.i--.il prcgrcss will now be nrade ia plowing
«r. 1 «*iE». The feasonai preciritaiica Is b«
: w the average, but the outloc* is good aai
tt 1* ;r:tst.* ttK u?aal acreage will be jjlant
* efl. Nearly all ctof« are usd#r cover aad <!«•
; --•: cf lor th» s»«*ca. Greta feed will soon
bt ab-r-iiit. the rtc*nt ra:as havix^ glvea
tra 1 ?* a gt->d start. Dry feed hai nearty
:t_i»->i and c*tU« were ir. poor ccaiitica ia Jose
- ---7-»n» Caiifrnria oraages are ia good cen-
CtUOB aa-3 flfrelopm* satisfactorily. Ia the
t-toctendSe, Orovilie srni Paiemo districts
<.r*r^es are r.?*airg rapi£jr ar.d shi?=u=ts
ar*- in progress; the yield aad quality are re-
Derts4 *xctiiect- Olives are dsing w#!L Tee
raisin M-asun -i»-£r».;-i;caiiy ci2*ei aa-J shtp
r: • t ¦-* *r« procressiag : the crcp is large and
- ¦.mlllj 'vralcut tarve*t is nearly
cetapkeust; th« nuts are ct superior q'iality.
bet the yield 1* below average m most places.
Sif-rarr-earo Valiey. — Coci weather prevailed
Can^g the week, with occasional iight frosts.
T 1 ...- rtia:*U was general throughcut the val-
Wy *ai amounted to over two inches ia «ome
The soil is now in good conditicn and
1. lowing and #te<iir.g are prcgreaeing rapidly.
Lrry Je«-i has become very scarce, and cattle
vrt ta poor crmiitioa ia seme sections, but
* gr-^a fee<i i« nt mskir.g rc*j<i growth and will
toon be p'.smiral. The rain caused a euspen
fi;ti c* ti» st'.mect cf era;«s. The seasoa
"h*s been the rr.:st rrcfitalle for several years
for vtneyarc.fts. ini atarlv ail decliuctts
Jruits have |rMdc4 good crcjw. Oranges are
rij^siag r»r'i->' aafl large «s:pn:ents are being
made from OewrtHe ani Pi'.erao; proepects are
good for a heavy cr;.
Ccast and Bay Sccti-.ta.— Tfce weather durtag
the week was generally cool and clcuiy, with
iegs alcrg the coast. Severe Ircsts occurred la
•on-e d tht scuthcra district*, but no garr.age
r«Riite<I. Th* raiaJtll ia the ncrtiiera sections
m-a« heavy; at Peaciuand 3.O5 laches fell ia
four daj*; and at Wl.l:i the prec-.pitaticn for
the wrek was 6 65 inctes. Light raia fell ia
the sout&era districts. The sell is In g^-d con
dltlca la nearly all secticas aad plowing aaci
»^t<:ta« are ta progress. Paiturage was great
ly ia-^roved' ty the rain ar.i will coca be
•¦Vcti^ul ia the ceatrai tni r. :rtiera sections.
The sugar t«et crcp i» nearly all ha.r\ested
*.r.<i all other crop* are nnitr cover. Orchard
s«ts hav* ccni=:eaced pr--r.ing. Ocveniale or
anges ar* ia good coailtion.
Saa Jo*csia Valley. — Clear and cool weather
prevailed ivrizs the fore part of the week aad
clvziy. warm weather fiurir^ the latter. Raia
tegaa la the corthera pcrtlca Saturday morn
ln« ani extended over the entire valley by
fcunlay momiag. It was quite generous ia the
conhern counties, but light la the central and
f .::•::. jxirtioo*. The raia was very badly
needed and will be of great bea*£t ia putting
tfce »oii ta coeditioa fcr plowing la many local
ities. SeedLig rurr.sseriallow is crsgresslng
aad fanners are busy plcwlr^ wherever the
grouad is ia eoedltlca. A few small shipmeats
cf grapes were made during th* week, but the
crop has been harvested. A #*vere frcst oc
curred in eom* »*cti=a« la*t Monday. Olives
*r« r-'-'^-g good prc;rr*es. Orange picking ani
hhiprlng continue, fctock are healthy aad ia
li'.r ccsdltioa. tret feed is scarce.
Souther* California.— Generally clear and
I>»sa=t weather prevailed during the week.
i.: 1 -. a «j»riakle cf rain at Saa Diego Sunday.
Th* rmisiin »*-a»on has closed. Walnut harvest
ia pi-egresslng rapiily aad will be completed in
ancth«r week; the yi*ld is light, bat the cuts
*r« cf excelled quality. Potatoes are blighted
where thej- were not sprayed. Citrus fruits are
la tee e<—.<lltic» and a large crcp Is probable.
Tne weather has been very favorable for the
oragre crcp, caxjt'.ag gradual and proper devel
opment, which as*ure« aa excellent quality cf
fruit. Be»a r-*rv«!-»t 1» practlcaUy completed.
Ffcipznects cf c*i*ry octinu*. Plowing is
pro«T*««lag la !tc« •actions and will be gea
.-ral after the Cr>t good rain.
k Lc» Angeles &unraary. — Coo! week; threaten
ing Saturday, but no raia rexwrted. Oranges
«r* coloring slowly: pK«J«ct fcr a large crcp
cf rood quality. Olive picking fcas-fcegua: ell
rr.lUs Ptart soca. Shipytag of early vegetables
eontineneed-
Eur»ka Suicmary. — The raia was of iaeal
cslab'e raise to the hill sectlic*. bet warmer
weather is needed to insure eufflcieat feed for
rtock during the comir-g winter. Little farm
work is beir* dene. Some saow la the hills
tnlrty miles e*rt from etatlea.
Weather Report.
fI20ta Meriilaa— Pacific Time.)
£AN FHANCI5CO. Ncn". 17—5 p. m.
The followia* are the reaseaal rainfalls to
cVav as coeasared with the«» ef same date
ton »fc«or.. and rainfall* in last 24 hours:
Latt This Lart
£lat:on» — 24 hours, season. s*a*ca.
Eureka rtj 11.64
Red Biu5 00 2.W 3.h5
Facramecro CO l.CS 3.45
S*a Francisco W 1.57 3.26
rr«m« olt O.18 2.43
Lc« Anirelec OO 0.43 2.3S
£aa Diego " .<*> O.O5 " 1.37
Tiy; COAST RECORD.
» Sj y *" 35 ••"
STATIONS. J= "is —5- 5-». ~
K* 1 "^ 30.42 .-5 ;« fe Cloudy AO
<_sr*^n -3O16 «4 22 N Clear .00
k»^«^ JUiiM >; Sfl E pt cldy .00
Prtralloa '. 30.00 54 S2 NW CUtxr .«0
£f»*ao Tft«2 « % E Oear .00
FUg>tafr -..-^"20 42 10 SE Clear .W
!':».—r.'j/~v..r^lP :.s ta ,.v.- E Clear OCt
Lo« An**'*-*.. TJur, «2 42 W Cl*ar 00
Vt. TaawiiMiis^a.f-') m » r^sudy *» '
North Head... 23.95 Jl a E Cloutfy .00 1
NEW YORK, Nor. 17.— The cotton market
closed firm at a net gain of 14 to 19 points.
Nclv York Cotton Market.
Ircn closed at l»s 5d in Glasgow and at
42s ¦.•¦! in Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet.
No. 1 foundry, northern. $15<31S; No. 2 foun
dry, northern, at $14 25§15; Nc. 1 foundry,
southern, and No. 1 foundry, southern, soft.
$U814 25. v
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. — There was an ad
vance la London for spot tin, that position
closing at £116 12s 3d and futures were finally
quoted at £117 15s. Locally tm was quoted
at $25 10C25 60;,'
Copper was unchanged in London, spot clos
ing at £55 15s aad futures at £55 10s-. Locally
copper was rather unsettled, with lake and
electrolytic aad casting all quoted at $13. l
Lead was unchanged, according to official
quotations, at $4 23 In the local market, though
the big producers are quoting spct lead at
$4 10. London was unchanged.
Spelter was dull and more or less nominal
locally at $5 €24> and London was unchanged
at £20 15s.
New York Metal Market.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
- > Open. High. - Low. Close
December ...II 3«]4 %\ 3«Ts $1 3« v $1 3d
May ..1355, 13« 135% 1 35?i
2 p. m. Session.
May ...$l 35 $1 35»i $1 344 $13*4
SeVember ... 1 36 1 36 1 354 1 354
BARLEY — The market continues quiet. The
local brewers are doing very Uttie. the demand
for feeding is not large, and tht local milters
are about the only buyers of consequence at the
moment. There are some sales for export be
ing made -in the interior. Prices rule steady
for cash grain, while futures are higher. {
CASH BARLEY. :
Feed. $11246115: Shipping and Brewing.!
$1 20*61 23; Chevalier. $1 J0#l 45 for fair to •
CbOiC *' FUTURES. I
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May $t a" I
~ 2 p. m." Session." t.~\
May -•• .........$1 12»i
December -- 1 . 10
OATS — The demand about' balancs »h» -'aaa. ..
California Club. $1 40gl 45; California White
Australian. $1 5001 55; >orthern Club. $1 40®
1 424; Northern Bluestem. $1 50®! 53; Oregon
Valley. $1 JCC1 45 per ca
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The reported charter
cf a French bark for Barley to Europe at 12s
Cd* gives the average rate for grain business,
usual European options. The market Is quiet.
The chartered Wheat fleet in pert has a regis
tered tonnage of l&.t»0. against 37,$eo on the
same date last year; disengaged. 123.65O tons,
against Se.SOO; on the way to this port, 196.120
tons, against 197,«SW. During the past week a
number of grain carrying vessels have left this
port in ballast, seeking business elsewhere.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continaed
quiet and featureless. Bradstreet's gave the
world's visible supply an Increase of 3.113,000
bushels.
Chicago reported cables easier and the crowd
short, with the market l^c higher. A dispatch
from there said: "'With exhaustion of Winter
Wheat and the rapid falling off in Spring
Wheat recently It will require heavy selling
pressure to hold the -market down much
longer." _
The Chicago wires of Bolton, de Ruyter A
Co . said: "Market is fairly active, with
strength mainly speculative and en profession
al trading. There was little or no change In
news or conditions. Cables were weak. Pri
mary receipts la excess of last year, and ex
port demand not much ia evidence. The trad
ing the last few days had created some short
interest and Armour is supposed to be a buyer
of May'wheat. Elevator people generally sell
ing December and baying May. BroomhaU ca
bles European crop prospects are in the main
favorable, and that the estimate of the Argen
tine surplus is U2.000.0w bushels. Northwest
reports flour demand good. We see no reason
to change our previous views that it will be a
difficult proposition to maintain a ball market
under present conditions."
There was no material chanse here. The
market continaed quiet. Futures were lower
in the afternoon.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 So
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 §4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S5
New York Exchange, sight — 024
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce — &.??»
Mexican Dollars — 44
Exchange and Bullion.
PEACHES— Quiet, with choice held at 7«4©
7*4c extra choice at 7\2SUc aad fancy at
EVAPORATED APPLES — The- market con
tinues quiet with the undertone eaay. Com
mon are quoted at 4©5c. prime at Jk 4 ©5 4 c,
choice at G£64c and fancy at 7c
PRUNES — Have met with some export In
quiry but little business has resulted aad the
market remains uachaaged with quotations
ranging from 24c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Quiet. Choice are. quoted at 9?4
694c extra choice at 10@104c aad fancy at
Iiei2'4c . . .
COFFEE^ — S?ot Rio steady; mild. firm. Tfce.
market for coCe* futures closed steady net on
charged to 5 points lower. Sales. 35.000 bags,
including: December. 5.50S5.C0c; March. 5S5
es.SOe; May. 6C5g6.10c; July. 6.20@6.25c;
September, 6.254?«.30c.
SUGAR — Raw. nominal; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Firm
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened firm and higher and were later
sustained by fears of damage from freezing
weather 'West, smaller Northwest receipts and
covering of December shorts. In the afternoon
good support by Chicago bulls and export ru
mors added to the scare of ehorts. cloelag the
market uo firm at *4® T «e net advance. May.
S1K6S24C closed 824c: July. 7S*4©79Hc
closed 79Uc: December. S5HQS6c. closed S6c
NEW YORK Not 17. — FLOUR — Receipts.
40,533 barrels; exports. 24,065 barrels. Quiet
but steadier.. '
WHEAT — Receipts. 54.350 bushels; export^
49 511 bushels. Spot firm. No. 2 red. S6c ele
vator; No. 2 red S«4c f. o. b. afioat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 66c f. o. b. afioat: No. 1
New York Grain and Produce.
There was fair trading 1 ia local »ecBrttl*«.
I roads leadic?. Gas ar.d Electric was flrra*r
J at $£*6e9 25. and Alaska Packers' *o!d a:
$14£. The olt stocks continued neglected.
After the regular morning session of ih-*
I Bend Exchange aa informal session is now
{ held, at which a number of UDiistett bon«J»
1 and stocks are called. For the present one
passion a day will b« held aad a list of quo
tations aad sales issued at noon.
The Pacific Coast Bcrax Company will pay a
regular snootily dividend of $1 per share N.>
veasber 2>.
The Alaska Treadwell Miaiaar •"¦-rr.rar.v ba>
declared aa extra, dividend of 374 cent* per
share, azaooatinz to $75.C*iO. payable Noveai
ber 29.
The Gas Consumers' Association paid a regu
lar moathly dividend of 10 ceats per share,
amounting to $ZC0O. yesterday.
The Renublicaa Miair.g Company haa levied
aa asseasmeat of 10 ceats per share, amount
ing to $10,000. which became delinquent at th*
office of the cjsaar Xoveaiber 2.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TCESDAT. Nor. IT— 2 p. m.
UNTTED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..ll041H l 4 4s qr c? &ew.l344135V«
4s qr reg ..1104111 r *3s qr coop..I07«ilOS*4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AU A W 5s. — — DoSi ....lCStilCO*;
Bay CPC 5a. — — Do coa 5s. — 10* .
Cal C G 5a. .105 — OWCg5»w— »7
Cal C A E g Oceanic S 5s. 6O 77
m A ct 5s. — 1024' Oc C R 6a. 120 —
Cal-st S» ... — — i Pac GlaO — 97
C C Wat Ca. — 10O iP E Ry 5».1«4 — .
E L A P 68.120 — |P A C H 6s. — —
F A C H Cs. — 117 P A O R 6e.ll*H129
Geary-st 5s.. 43 8O |Powe!l-st «s.llS\i —
H CAS 549.101 — IS E GAR 5«. — lOOii
HCAS5». — 10O !SFA SJV 5slt«4117
Hon R T «».104410« ;S R of C Os.1124 —
L A Elec 59.10141GS4.S P of A 6s
L A Rv 5*. — 113 (1909) lfKH —
LALCoft.- — n91OT 109
Do «td «s. — — S P of C to
Do gtd 59.102^105 O9G3)Sr A.l«SIC3t;
LAP lem 5«.10O — <1906^Sr B.10SH —
Mkt-st C Ca.113 — <1XW> 104Si<»
Do lem 5S.113 114 tl912> ....114 — -
NRR of C6s- — 107 SPC leg 5». — —
Do Ss .... — — Do sttnpd.lC**41«Mi
N P C R 5s.I064"107 S P B R «9. — 134
NCR Sa.. .109 — S V W «s.l«t;i(*4
X C P C !i. - — Do4s 2dm. 9* &•
N S P. P. *«. — 97 Do4s 3dm. 87*4 99
O G L H ia 107 — StkTt GAC is — 1C2U
O T Co «•.. — 119 UOAB&i. — 1CS
WATER ST0CK3.
Centra Costa. 354 42H|Port Costst.. ¦•« '-'¦
Maria Co ... 61 — ]Sp V W Co. J8»$ 3S*4-
GAS AXD ELECTRIC.
Cest LAP. 3'^ *% S F G A E. »4 O\i
Mutual EL. »** 11 jS T Ga* V.. % —
Pac G Ira... U UHistka G«E. i —
Pac L Co... U*i — IU G A E. —
Eae E GAR. — — I
TRUSTEES' CERTIVICATEa.
S F G * E. 69*4 «94
IXSURANCB.
Flresi's Fni320 —
3ANK STOCKS.
Am Nat BJc — 125 I* P A A... — 1?»
Aag!o-Cal . . SO S5 Mer Trust. . .230 —
Baak of Cal.440 *#> Mereh Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 155 S T NatioaL — —
First NataL. — —
SAVINGS BA.N'X3.
Ger SAL.— — Sat A 1* So. 93 lf»
Ham 3 & I* — — Sec S*t Bk.400 300
Mutual S*t.10O — Uaica T Co. — —
3 F Ear U.GOO —
STREET RAILROADS.
CaUTorala. .. — 2<» [Prestiio .... S9 4 —
Geary — ** »
POWDER.
GUat «% — /Vlgtrrit 3\ 4%
HBIfe.- SUGAR.
Haaa P Co.. 60c — KiUaea S C. — <
Hawaliaa C- 44 444|Makawell C. 23»i —
Hoaokaa S C 13 : i 134 0nonrea 3 C. — S3
Hutch SPC 10% l&4>Paaohaa 3 C — 13' i
, MISCELLAXEOC3.
Alaska PackllT 15O (Oceaaie 3 C — <4
Cal Fruit As 92 »4 jPac ATA. 3*4^4 -
Cal Wia* As SO — Pic C Borz.187 — -
Maralag 3etslca.
Bcari —
$3*XO Bay Counties Power Co Sm 103 f«
4«> Calif oraia. Fruit Caaaers' 92 0O
10 California Wla« Assn 9O *>
2O Hawaliaa Commercial and Sugar. 44 OO
$1000 LA Pac R R 1st coa 5s 1»1 f«>
$2C«» Market-st R R ccn 5« 113 OO •
$4000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 114 SO •
$2000 Pacific Electric Ry 5*> .....107 on
A>gp Gas and Electric Co «"<)
19U S F Gas and. Electric Co «9 12»i
To S F Gas and Electric Co. B 5 6S» 25 •
1O P F Gas aad Electric Co. B 3 49 25 .
ICO S F Gas aad Electrie Co <» 23 j
VXO S Pof Arisoaa U90B) 107 SO .
40 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 12^
Afteraooa Session.
Board—
tT» Alaska Packers* Assn 14S 00
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Nov. 17.— WHEAT- Unchanged;
blue stem, 79c; club, 75c.
PORTLAND, Nov. 17. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 71c; blue stem. 75c; valley, 7^g7«c.
OREGON-
Northern Wheat Market.
SEATTLE. Nov. 17.— Clearings. $321,305:
balances. $109,910.
TACOMA, Nov. 17. — Clearings, $404,154;
balances, $53,970.
PORTLAND. Nor. 17. — Clearings. $O32,4S9;
balances. ?93.570.
SPOKANE. Nov. 17. — Clearings, $3S7,13S;
balances, $73,674.
Northern Business.
ST LOUIS. Nov. 17. — Wool, quiet; medium
grades, combir-g. 17g21c; light, fiae. 15®174c:
heavy fine, 12©144c: tub washed. 2»330c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— Trading ia the stock
market dmlAdled to a low ebb tc-day and the
- .;.:>.-= was prrcressfve. This was regarded
as a elgnlScact development following th* ces
sation cf bear pressure against stocks and was
accepted aa an Indication tfcat there was little
tnclisation to emtark In speculative ventures
ia the stock tnarket as yet. The awakenir.g
frcm a long dormant state of stocks o-f a num
ber of less irsrortait railroad companies and
their brt*k advance, so far from having aa en
couraging effect ca the buying of Etock*,
s»enie>i to awaken suspicion. The notoriety ot
the exiztfcr.c* of *£>eculatlve pools in many o£
thes* stocks which have a connecting
common interest caused many rumors
of developments la their a£airs to
be suspiciously regarded. The small
volume cf the capital Israel cf corporations of
this class aad th« narrow limits of the circle
within which they are held makes tbem spe
cially available tor manipulation. The rise ta
the call money rate to «> per cent late ia the.
day comtleted the disfavor with which the
movement was regarded aid retained the
course oj prices downward. The result was to
wipe out the earlier gains, which had reached
a point or over ia many reuresentatlve stocks.
Pennsylvania, especially, was ia demand, pre
«u— ai'iy frcm the short interest left uncovered
ia th* stock after its extended decline. The up
ward movement of the morning was due to the
renewed feeling of coafldeace over the moaey
octlook. Announcements were made of a num
ber cf ergagemeats of gold ia London for im
pcrt. ccaSnrlng reports which were current
yesterday. Sterltar made a sharp recovery.
Part cf the demand was due to the purchases
of bllU agalcst the gold engaged for Import.
There was eaid to be Urge buying of sterling
Tor investment by bankers. Rates for time
leans even for the sixty-day period, were <juo
laiiy" easy to-day aad the demand for longer
p«?r-.ods was wholly nominal. United States
Steel was held back by t>e London view that
further cuts ia steel products are likely. Mls
iourt Pacific's net Increase for September of
more than $£fi>).QtX> was favorably regarded, but
Its efTect en tie general list wan oCs«t bv the
cuttir-g la two cf the Lake Shore surplus for .
September. Tse market closed dull and easy.
The bond market was fairly steady but dull.
Total sales, car value, $2,321,111. Ualted
States 2s decliaed S cer c*=t on the last caJL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. .
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 12,700 64* (3H 63%,
Atchieoa pfd " 400 K>4 83 SS4
Baltimore & Ohio.. 15,600 74\ 73=4 M
Bait & Ohio pii.. 300 87*4 67S S74
Carjtd'.aa Psx-.Sc... 200 1LSS US 117*,
Central of N J 153
Chesapeake tc Ohio. l.«0O 2S^ 2S4 2>S
Chicago & Alton... 8.2S> 32% 30*» 324
Chi & jUtaa pM.:. 600 70 70 C3
Chi Great West 50O 15 14*i H%
Chi G W B pM 10O 26S 2«H 2«4
Chl»go A N W 500 1&44 164 163
Chi Term fc Traas «\;
Chicago T & T pfd. 200 174 174 1"^
CCC* iit Lotii C8
Colorado Southern.. 3.000 12'4 ll*i 12%
Colo South 1st pf1. 500 53 S2 82
Colo South 24 pfd. 600 22 " 21 214
Delaware & Hudson 153
Del. Lack & Went.. 100 2SS%i 238*« 23>?»i
Denver A Rio G 1?
Dca A Klo G pfd «4\i j
Erie 11.700 27 2CH 2^4!
Erie 1st FM 1.200 W^ 66V» t%\
Erie 25 pfi 3,700 49 47*4 4SH
Great Northern pfd 160
Hocking Valley 200 70-i 70T, ?(>»»
Hocking Val pfd 81
Illinois Central 400 129 14 125S 12SU
Iowa Central 70O 214 is* 4 20
Iowa Central pfd... 400 35*» 35 35
K C Southern 600 IS4 17 19
K C Southern pf i.. 2.200 33*-, 31 32
Louie A Nash 4.2CO 101*; I0rW4 1W\
Manhattan L 5.300 1404 13914 133U
Metropolitan St Ry. 9"0 1154 114 114
Mian A St Louis... 100 £3 63 53
Missouri Pacific 6,000 MS Rts^ £*%
Mis. Kaa A Texas'. 200 16% 184 154
M. K A T pfd 200 344 344 S4
Ntl RR Mex pfd.. 1») 38 3« 3514
New York Central. 4.700 1174 liei^ nc«"
fCorfo!k & Western. 1.100 55*, 54 \ 54 4
Sot A West pfd l?2
Ontario A Western. 1.40O 2O4 15^, 191^
Pennsylvania 10.500 113%, 1124 1124 '
P. C. C A St Louis. .-¦- 55 !
aeadteg 14.S00 33H 38% &<«H
Reading lrt pfd ¦ 75"4
P-eallng 24 pfd 2t)0 £5%i S5»; 55 ">i
Rot* Islaad Oo 4.200 234 22*4 22*4
RcKk Island Co pfd 100 59 Z9 - - 59
=t L A S F 84'
-tL A SF 1st pfd 60
?tL A SF 2d pfd.. 400 44 43H 43
stLouisASW 300 12*4 12^» lt\ \
•t L A S W pfd 400 304 30 294
U Pac! 14.000 13fi»; 125?, 133^,
>t Paul pM i\. r 10O 1T3 173 1724
Pacific... 6.50O 424 4U4 4P« I
Southern Railway.. »*> 17T* 174 17^,
Ry pfd... ST<i 734 734 73
>xas A Padflc V*> 23 22*4 22*4
r. St L A W 1,000 21 19* 10
r. St L A W pfd. 3.000 22 30^4 31
:nlon Partflc 21.200 714 70*i 70U
;aion Pacific pfd.. ft» W5 Hi $«j * 1
Vsbash 400 ifti; 19 is*:
V».bafch pfd 3.300 334 32*^ 33
rheeling A L E .'. 14U
I'lsconsia Central.. 2fO 15*4 15H 15^i
VI* Cent pfd 200 34'j 344 33
Express Compasiea —
kcjuns 213
kmericxn 1*4
'nited SUtes 100
Vells-Farjra 135
Miscellaneous — ". .
imal Copper 12.700 3S*i 371. 37Ti
New York Stock Market.
Territory — Idaho, fine. 14515c: fla*. medium,
16fl7c; medium, 1^8 19c. Wyoming — Fme.
148 15c; fine, medium, 16<817c: medium, 1S4S*
10c. Utah and Nevada — Fine. 15i>16c; fine,
nredrum. -176174c; medium. lt>820c. Montana
Fine, choice. l£@20e; fine, medium choice.
lO-giOc; staple. " 20^21c; medium, choice-. 2r>
C2lc.
BOSTON, Nov. 17. — The wool ¦ market has
been dull the past week, but prices have held
steady. The e*te£t of the demand has been
the trading sufficient to meet existing orders.
The market for fleece wools has been firm,
with moderate buying. In territory wocls the
demand continues quiet, with a better call for
fine and ftn-e medium grades. Foreign wools
are quoted at unchanged figures with a dull
market for the same.
Boston Wool Market.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Nov. 17. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. 2700; steady to 10c lower; natives,
$3 75g5 25: cows and heifers, $1 25^4 50;
stotkers and feeders. *2 50^4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. 75OO; 5^10c lower; light,
$4 55#4 73; medium and heavy, $4 45S4 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2100; active; lambe. $5 40;
yearlings, $3 SO; wethers, $3 65; ewes, $3 33.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Fhc<-;x ».M 72 4A SW Oear .00
PcrcTani 30.14 42 S6 E Cloudy .00
Ft Reres 23 M 6<> 4S N Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.04 58 SS EE Pt Cldy .00
P.y»et-urg 30«?2 &> 32 NW Clear .00
Facrtrser.to ...3O.O2 5S 40 NW Pt Cldy .0>>
Salt Lake S<>.40 36 IS N Clear .CO
5aa Fracclsco 3O.'a 60 46 N Pt Cliy .O>
S. L. Ofclspo.. 30.02 76 46 S Clear .00
Sea Diego 23 £4 74 52 NW Clear .CO
Seattle 30.20 42 2S NE Pt Cldy .00
Spokane 30.54 26 14 NE Pt Cldy .00
Tatocsh 30.02 40 34 E Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .30.44 SO 26 W Cloudy Tr.
Wlr.nemucc* .30.24 ZS 19 NE Clear .00
Yur=a 23.SS 74 56 N Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area of high pr«a«ur« which moved
scuthward DretB the British possessions into
the U=ited States has caused a marked fall ta
ttmperature ever searly the entire country
west cf the Mississippi excepting California.
Tfcrtwgout the entire Middle West and extend
ing well ta the south the temperatures are be
low freezing.
The pressure is beginning to fall rapidly en
ti-7 northern coast and there are indication* cf
tne development ct a disturbance of consid
erable energy In that e«?ction.
No raia has fallen west of the Reeky Moun
tains.
The tonowimr maximum wiad velocities are
reported: Tat.Dosh. 72 miles rer hour, from
the east; Portland, 2S miles, east; North Head.
S4 r=:le5, northwest.
Fcitca«t rnad* at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending nulnight November IS:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday, protaoly raia by nighi;
freeh southeast winds.
Scutaerr. Caiifcrrua — Fair Wednesday; fresh
southwest winds.
Nevada — F« ir Wednesda y .
San Frasclsco aad vicinity — Cloudr. unset
tled weather We>ice«day. probably showers by
eight; fresh s<ruth*ast winds.
A. G. McADEE, District Forecaster.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 17.
Flour. «jr sks... 1.02f» FeM. sks 34
Wheat. CI3 2.575;Ta!!ow. ctls .... 29»»
Bariey ctls 22JH3 Pelts. No 2V
Beans, sks 4.7 f CiHWe!». No T*t
Potatoes, tka ... 1.270;Ra!sins. hxs ... 4 U •
Onions sk« 27P Quicksilver. Cska VZ .
Hay. tons 1 44 Sugar. ctl» 3.35<>
Hops, bales M» Leather. rotJs -. 1*?
Com. ctls 275 Brandy, gals ...1<»,*^>
Wool, bales M Wine, gmls 2!>,1C«>
Alfalfa seed, cks 20<
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER — Pine, ordinary s1x*»» $15019: ex
tra sU*a higher: Redwooi. $l>e23: Lath. ?
feet. $3 9O?4: Pickets. $13^26; Stinsle*. 92
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $13 for
.«pllt aad $14 for sawn; Rustic. $23031.
finished 50860c p-r lb: Calf, fcrfshed. 63cC*l
per lb;" Wax side*. l*«17e r*r f««: B^
Knir* Splits. 14916c; Rough Splits. »81»s
Per V>. . .
TANBARK— GroTC-J. $20^25 per tea; stick.
$15#1S cer cord. • -_
OIL— Linseed. 43c tor boiled and 4«<? for
raw la barrels: esses 5c more: Castor O1!/ In
cases No. 1. 70r: Bakecs" AA. $1 10G1 12:
Lucoi 44c for boiled and 42c for raw ta bar
rels- Lard Oil. extra, winter strsised. barrels.
Me; cases. 90c: China Nut. 5*370r per ga«
lon; pure Neatsfaot. in barrels. 73c; case*.
We: Sperm pure. 73c: Whale Oil. natura!
white 50@55c per gallon: Fish Otl. ta fc*rre ! .»..
50c: rases. 55c; Coc«aaut OIL ta barrels. 5Sc
for Ceylon" and 55c for AustraHaa.
COAL OIL, — Water White Ccal Oil in butV.
154c; Pearl Oil in case*. 22c; Astral. 22r:
Star 22c: Extra Star. 2«c: Elaine. 23c; Eoc*n«.
25c:'deodcrj»d Stove Gasoline, la hoik. 17<*;
In cases 234e: B«rise. In bulk. l.V; In eas<-».
134e; sG-degree Gasoline, in balk. 21<r; h»
cases. 274e. ,
TURPENTINE— «V per gallon ia cases aad
74c (a drains and iron barrels.
RED AXD WHITE LEAD— Red Lea«*. «4*
7c per lb; Whit- Lead. 6»A'97r. a<rrorllas t-»
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 30^45 tor lecal us« 83^'
$42 50^43 50 per Cask for expert.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Ccrnpanr
quotes as follows: Genuine Liverpool. $1451*.
Bales, common $1 «5: Dairy. p#r ten. *12 .VV
Half Ground $9 75glt> 25: Rock Salt. $3 5O4*
9 75: imitation Liverpool.- $12 50^12 25; Graa
mlated. $12 5O81"* 25 pr ton.
• SUGAR — The Western Sugar R»2r.irg Om
pany quotes as follows, per ll>. la 100-tS bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. &«<•:
Powdered. 5.70c; Candy Granulated. 5.70r; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c: Dry Granulated. rttn».
5.60c; Fruit Granulated 5.6Oc; Beet Granu
lated <1CO-Ib bags only>. ».40c: Confertioners'
A. 5.«0c: Magnolia A. 5.20e: Extr* C. 5.10c:
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels. 10c mare;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; ?A-lit
bags. 10c nort for all kinds. Tablets— Half
barrels. 6.1'r: boxes. 6.35c; H. A E. Crystal
Dcmtncs. S.50c per lh. No orders taken for
les* than seventy-flv* barrels or Its equivalent.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour was
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 72g7tJc: So. 2 red.
SOe^c No. 2 com. 41 T^c; No. 2 yellow. 43c;
Xo "2 oats. 33S634c; No. 3 white. 344«?3*c;
So 2 rye 52 4c; good feeding barley. 364 9
374c fair to choice malting. 42853c; No. 1
Caxseed 84c- No. 1 Northwestern. $1; prime
timothy' seed. |2 S5; mess pork, per bbl.
$11 374611 SO: la^. P« r 10 ° lbs * * tt 024«6 P5:
short ribs eides (loose). $7 2&g7 75; short clear
aides (boxed). $6 62466 874; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 25; clover, contract grade,
?10 SO- '
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ,2H!5 J?'fS2
Wheat, bushels 1S4.90O 35.100
Corn, bushels 250.700 25.200
O^£ bushel. 292.300 164,000
Rye/bushels -H' 4^?. ,,£2
Barley, bushels 118,900 13.9CO
On the produce exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery, 15©22c; dairies,
14glS4c; eggs firm at 22§24c; cheese easy at
lC-fi-llc
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
tt-v,..* Vec. March. May.
Opening |J 6 34 | 2S
Closing 6 **t 6 34 6 2i»
PARIS.
Ti- h .(.t • Nov. Mar.-June. 1
a£ta£::: ws* \ 2oeo
Op^Sg » 15 28 25
Cloitai =S* 5 23 20
.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
streefs show the following changes In avail
abl» supplies as compared with last account:
Wheat United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies increased 3.613,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe decreased 600,000; total sup
ply increased 3. 113. COO bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of th»
Rockies decreased 444,000 bushels.
Oata-^-Urdted States and Canada, east of the
Rockies increased 130,000 buehels.
-Vrrx' York Stocks continue irregular and r.ot materially changed.
Xot much doing on the local Stock Exchanges.
Sih'er and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley quiet and featureless.
Oats steady. Corn zveak and dull and Rye neglected.
Hay very steady, n-ith cars reported scarce.
Bran end Middlings offering moderately and steady.
Fair demand for Flour and MHIstuffs.
Beans still quiet at about previous quotations.
Ranch Eggs up to 50c again ar.d very scarce.
Supplies of Butter and Cheese about balance the demand.
Dried Fruits quiet and easy. Honey dull end lower.
Xuts steady. Raisins zveak, <zvith buyers timid.
Heps inactive, zinih abundant stocks on hand.
Wool dull, with large supplies. Hides still quiet.
Live end dressed Meats about as before quoted.
Pctctoes and Onions ip good demand and f.rm.
Turkeys in liberal supply and weak. Other poultry firm.
Game in brisk der,:znd, zinth Ducks higher.
Fresh Fruit market quiet, with prices well maintained.
Article* — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ,
December ««4 "ii «64 •»•»
MayV I«% 1]^ IfS !{»
July 73H M "34 «4
Corn No. 2 —
December «H «?i *l , «H
May 4IU 41*^ 4l« 41};
July ..... '41 41& 41 41H
December. 33 .33H s 32*4 334"
May 34*, 35 » 34H 34'i
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January ..7...U 574 U 574 11 47H 11 474
May 11 53 \Vt 674 11 55 11 CO
Lard cer 100 lbs —
January 6 65 6 724 6 65 6 70
May... 6 624 6 674 6 624 6 C5
Shcrt Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ... ... «W 6 15 6 10 6 10
May 6 174 6 25 6 174 6 20
Am Car & F 1,100 19 19 IS 1 **
Am Car & F pM.. 200 66U ee ««Vi
Am Linseed Oil 9
Am Lin Oil pfd... 100 27 27 25
Am Locomotive ... .... 12H
Am Locomotive pf. 100 75 75 74
Am S & ReSng... &/*> 43 42% 42#
Am S & Refing pfd 1.0(0 87 Vi S7 . 80S4
Am Sugar Reflng.. 18.500 11S«J 116T« 117^
Ana Mining Co... 100 67 67 64"
Bkl}n Rapid Tran. 24,900 33Vi 3SH 3S\i
Colo Fuel & Iron. 200 29 29' 2SVj
Col 4c Hock Coal. 100 10 10 $H
CoMcli&ated Ga*. . 2.20O 177% 174^ 176
General lectric .... 200 15O 150 143U
Inter Pap*r 50i> 10T4 10U 10^
Inter Paper pfd .„'. 60
Inter Pump 30
Inter Pump pfd ;-.; e8
National Biscuit Zi%
National Lead ... 200 11U llii 111,
North American .... 70
Northn Securities : K^t:
Pacific Mall ~m*
People's Gas 2.300 94" SSiI 93S
Pressed S Car 3<>> "*7*-i "7\i 27
Pressed S Car pfd 155
Pullman Pal Car m . 210
Republic Steel 40O 7 6^4 7
Repub Steel pfd... 1,400 CO 49*1 49»i
Rubber Goods 13 -
Rubber Good3 pfd . eSU
Terji Ccal Ac Iron.. 2.100 2S* 4 2714 27H
O S Leather 600 7U 7 7
V S Leather pfd.. 500 75^ 75 75
0 S Rubber 100 BH SH 8
U S Rubber pfd „ .... sq
U S Steel 11.0CO 11H 10«4 10%
U S Steel pfd 46.3J» 52 50«Z 50a!
Western Union ... ICO » £4 t 83ii
Total sales... 425,600
UNITED RAILROADS OF a.Of FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— Bond transactions
2^* VTiit^ Railroads of San Francisco were
$1000 at $7« 75.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. ...10«4. L & N Unl 4s.... &3
L S ref 2s coup.. 106 *y Man con gold 4s. 1024
I'SXi T9g 107%' Mexican Cent 4s. 71 '
U S 3s coup 10T*i Mex Cent l«t inc. 13
V S new 4s reg..l34H Minn & St L 4a.. 97
U S new 4s coup.l34», Mo. K <ik Tex 4a. B7?;
V 3 old 4s reg...UO^s Mo. K A Tex 2;is. 75
U S old 4s coup.110^ N RR Mex con4s. 75^i
USE* re? 101 VN Y C gen 3"-js.. 9Qht
rS5s coup 10H*;N J Cent gen 5s.l23H
Atchison gen 4s..lO> j Nor Pacific 4s...l01S
Atchisoa adj 4s.. ?7 iNor Pacific 3s... ~U
Atlantic C L 4s. »2^'Ncr & W con 4s.. »7
Bait & Ohio 4s...lOOVOr S L 4e & par. ©U4
Bait & Ohij 3Hs. WH Pa <»r.v 3?4s 05
Cent cf Ga 5s. ...103 '» Reading gea 4s.. 9«Ti
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 62 ;S L & I M con5s 110S
Ches A Ohio 4Us.lOH; : S L & S F fg 4s. Sl*>^
Chgo & Alt 34s.. 74 iSt L*Sowestn lsts 92^
C. B 4 Q new 4«. 94 Seaboard A L 4s.. 65^
C. M 4 StPgen4s.lOO Southern Pac 4s. S7
C ft NW con 7S..13OV4 Southern Ry 5§...U2*i
CgUPRRto. 71 Texas & Pac lsts.117
C, R I *P col 5s. 72^ T01. StLtW 4s. 70l<j ;
CCC & St Lgen4s. 9«h Union Pacific 4s..lO2H
Chgo Term 4s 76 UP conv 4s. 93=^ I
Cons Tcbacco 4s.. B5«i U S 6ti?el 2d 5«... 6&i»
Colo & So 4s 53ia "VVabash lsts 112*,
D 4 R G 4s S3 Waba»h deb B... 55?%
Erie prior lien 4s. 1<S W & L E 4s S6'
Erie G*n«ra! 4s.. S3^ Wis Central 4s... S3
F W & D C lsts. 1064 Colo Fuel ccnv5s. 60&
Hocking Val 44s.lO5H[
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con OS Ontario 6 00
Alice 13L»phtr 130
Br^ece 10 Phoenix 07
Cornstock Tun 07 Potoei CM
Con Cal & Va V J e avage 12
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada .... 25
Iron Silver 1 65 f mall Hopes 15
Leadville Con 02 Standard 2 CO
Uttie Chief 07:
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — , West'.nghouse com 66
Call loans 5 66 ) Mining —
Time loans ....54§i5 iAdver.ture 3*;
Bv-is — Allcuex 4H
Atcilson 4s SSti'AmaJgamated 37^
M« Central 4s... £% |Daly West 33*«
Railroads — jBIngham 21
Atchiscn 63S Calumet & HecIa^W
Do pfd ?3 Centennial 14»i
Boston & Albany. 24S Copper Rang* ... 43\
Boston & Maine.. 171 Dora Coal 7".
Hasten Elevated.. 140 Franklm 2
NTXH4H....IM Isle Royale 5«4
FItchburg pfd 138 Mohawk 354
Union Pacific 70*; Old Dominion ... «H
Mexican Ontral.. 64 Osc«3la 654
Mls<»Ilaneous — Parrot 174
Acser Sugar IIT4 Quincy SO
Do pfd ny.i Santa Fe Copper. It; :
Anser Tel & Tel. .124*; i Tamarack SO !
Dotn Iron & S «4iTriaity R
Gecera! Electric. 149 ifnited States .... 17^1
Mass Electric 13 iL'tah 274
Da cfd 76 Victoria 2% ]
United Fruit 97 Wtnona 74 i
U S Steel 10*4 Wolverin* 65
Do rfd 604 I
LONDON CLOSING ET0CK3.
Con for money.. SS 3-16 N Y Central 120*; j
Con fcr acot S3 5-16 Norfolk & West. 51 *»
Anaconda 3^, Do pM S-S
AtchiEon W*, Ont 4 Western . . 2»>4 1
Do pfd &2Ki 'Pennsylvania 5SS 1
Bait 4 Ohio 764 Rand Mines 0*» j
Can Pacific 122k, Reading 204 ¦
Ches & Ohio ... 23i; Do 1st uM 33
Chi Gt Western.. 15U Do Cr-d rfd ... 23 |
Ctl M & St Paul. 141 Southern Ry IS*; '
DeBeers 20t;. Do pfd 754
Den 4 Rio Grande 1*', Southern Pacific. . 42*i
Do pfd 67 i Union Pacific ... 73H i
Erie 27K ; Do t>f d R-S
Do 1st rfd «SC S Steel 11*; j
Do 2nd pfd ... 494 Do pfd 634
IUincls Central ..133 iWabash 19
Louis 4 Nash lf«tv;| Do pM 34
Mo Kaa & Tex... 16*i!
Bar sUver. steady. 27 Hd per ousce.
Money. 3#34 Per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 4 1-16 per cest; for three months'
bills. 4^i p«r cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
BAGS — Grain Bags. *83Hc; Tan Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Dags. 32f?35c; Fleece Twine. ~H
«2Sc: Cotton Fruit Bags. 6>4c ft»ic and 7»4c for
the three grades: Brown Jute; «HS7 t ic
CANNED FRUITS^ — The California Fruit
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list far 1908 stock:
tz "-XT
-«• J? •"• a
FRUITS. ? * » *'
"* ? I •
: J •• .{ ;
Apples ' $1 55^$T30'«l »|$1 10
Apricou » « 1 »(
Blackberries l«0jl40ll30{l20
Cherries, R. A 2 15 1 Mj 1 7rt 1 40
Cherries, white , 1 75; 1 «0f 1 33
Cherries, bUck 2 (XX I 75 1 «v 1 S3
Grapes 1 35 1 2^ 1 10; 1 CO
Yellow Free Peaches... 1 1 40j ...4 ....
Lemon Cling Peaches... I SO 1 d) 1 30 1 20
Pears 2 00(175 ....[....
Plums 1 IV 1 15 i « 95
Raspberries 2 5<>i 2 23 2 10* 1 90
Strawberries 2W)|173 160(140
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 2^-lb
standard. 82-j©85c; Green Peas — Baby petit* ;
pots $1 SO; petlts pois. $1 35; extra, sifted.
$1 15; standard sifted. $1; ctandatds. S5c;
marrowfats. V-'-ic: gallon, sifted. $4 25; gal
lon, standard. $3 75.
• OOALr— WeUlnrton. $-3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver HI!!. $3 50; Standard. $7; Roslyn. S7: Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 SO; Cumberland. $13 hi 1>alk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Eg*. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cancel, $3 50 per ton: Coke. $11 5<>3
13 ner ton la bulk and $13 la sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2COO lbs aad
$12 SO per Ions ton, according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 3i4e:
cases, regular, 4c; cases, extra large, 4-*c:
Eastern style. 6Uc; bcneless. 4Hc: "Norway,"
414c; "Narrow Gauge." 5c; "Silver King."
ti'^c: blocks^ -"Oriental." 5c; blocks. "Sea
bright." 5**c: tablets. 6c; middles. 6US7^c;
fancy boneless. *$S*£e; pickled Cod. bbls,
$7 50: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 20.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes *s
follows. CO days for Vj per cest discount far
cash no sales under 1O.CCO lbs: Manila. 14'«c:
Sisal. Ale: Duplex. 10c; Bale Rope. K-glle
r-er ib T^rim ifrnifi"
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 12*itF15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; ll*i£12Hc for prime
washed: lO^eilHc for good washed; 10812c:
fcr good to prime washed peaberry; SHSIO^
for good to prime peaberry; 9@10Hc for good
to prime: 7V»©' t H« tar fair; 4497c for com
mon to ordinary. Salvador— 11Q 12c nominal
for strictly prim* washed; 9{?lle for rood to
prime washed; &S9c for fair washed; 9H@10Hc
for fair to prime. washed peaberry: 8*;g**ic
for good to prime semi-washed; 7Vg-Sc for
superior unwashed: 7H67»4c for good green
unwashed; 7*i€S&c for good to superior on
washed peaberry: 4*if?«Hc for Inferior to or
dinary. Nicaragua — llHCl.ic nominal for
prime to .fancy washed; )»310c nominal for
fair to strictly good washed: 7©7«ic for good
to superior unwashed; 7»4$*e for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and I
Mexican — I34*n3c nominal for fancy washed- j
imt?13o for prime to strictly prime washed- '
10^l0*ie for strictly good washed: 9 1459*; c
for good washed; 7 &©S fie for fair washed;
6\J6TUe for medium: 4iie«c . for inferior to
ordinary: ft^e 10^c far fair to prime washed
peaberry; 7»ieSHc nominal for good to supe
rior unwashed: 3H<J7Hc for ash-damaged.."
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2C>ft32c: extra
heavy. 30940c per Ib; mediam." 27g29c- I'ght
24^2»?c: Rough L*-ath«r.-,2ti(g2Sc: Harems
Leather, heavy. 35©39e for No. } and 3to?Kc
for No. 2:. medium. light. 29©.t5c-
Skirting. No. I.- 4C942c; No. 2. Zo&3&:i Collar
I^ath*r. 1591«c per foot: Trace Leather 4O»
44c: Kio. Bofiaished. 40G5Gc per l"o: VcaJL
General Mercliahdise.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, lesa 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTL£ — Steers. S€*c: Cows and Heifers,
7©*c; thin Cows. 4®5c per pound.
CALVES — lS-*4c per pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3«*84c; Ewes. 3U634c
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — IHtf5c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lb*. &^je: over
ISO lbs. 5c: Sows. SO per cent off; Bears. 54> per
cent off. and Stags 40 per cent off train above
quotations. -
Wholesale rates from slaugttersrs to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — &&7c for Steers and 4Hgflc per ib
VEAL-^-Large. 74S§!ic: small. S^a^9Hc
Wethers, 7%eSH«: Ewes, S3SHc
iwr lb.
LAMB— 9Ugl0c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hc*». 7H63c per la.
Ln'ESTOCK MARKET.
Rec«ripts o? Hogs continue fully up to re
quirements ar.d the market is easy. Quota
tions for dressed Cows show a wider ranz*.
as a gocd many poor Cows are being received.
Other descriptions remain about as before
quoted, the demand and supply betnz about
* 1U * U DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
There Is nothitur really steady la the list
except Walnuts, and they: are .firm. Almonds 1
are tasy and auteU Honey : is . very dull and
hard to s»l!. with no orders and stock accumu- j
lating-. . Ouotations are lower. The demand j
for Raisins is now light.: as buyers are afraid;
to take - hold to any extent. A sbortare in 1
lsmAan La vers Is expected later on. bet Ioos« I
Dried Fruits J^'uts. Raisins, Honey
CITRt*S - FRUITS — Valencia Oranges. $29
S 50 per bcx; Navels. $2#3 50: Lemons. $1@
2 50 per box: Grape Fruit. $1 50-S2 50; Mexi
can Linses, $4fil 50: Bananas. $1 23#1 75 per
bunch for Hawaiian and *2 50@3 for Central
American; Pineapples. $2Q? 5O per dozen.
Receipts of domestic Poultry wen» light and [
the market ruled firm for all descriptions ex
cept live Turkeys, which were in free supply
and inclined to drag* although offered at lower
price*. Hens, old Roosters and Ducks were
quoted higher. No Western stock was received.
! but a car was reported close at hand and
¦ scheduled for to-day's market. Eight cases of
' dressed Turkeys, chiefly roor Mock, canr^ in
and sold rather slowly. Fine larsre younr Gob
blent were want»d and would have brought 24c
readily had there been any obtainable.
Game met with a brisk demand and there
was a general advance in Wild Ducks.
POIT-TRY— Drw*d Turkeys. 2O£23e per 1b:
i live Turkeys. 16<@lSc per lb: Geese, per pair.
i $1 75S2; Costings. $262 2T>; Ducks. M 5C*©
I 5 50 per dozen for old and $0 SOP 1 * «© for
' young- Hers. $5€^ t° T »malT and ** 50^7 5O
for large; ycung" Roosters. S5 &>86 50: eta
: Rcosters. $5^5 50; Fryers. $5«5 50: Broilers. |
$3 Vy&i 50 for large acd $Jg3 50 for ?n:a!l: 1
Pigeons. $1#1 25 per dozen for old and t-'Q 1
2 25 for Squabs. \
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $42o p*r dozen:
Canvasback. $4«7: Sprig, $2 50@4: Teal $1 75
02- Widgeon. *1 75«2: small Ducks. $1 50: ;
Gray Ge4e. $*33 50: White Geese. ««130: !
f Brant. $1 25 for small and f2 for large; Eti«- ,
ll«h Snice. M; common Snipe. $1 W '1<1
Doves. $125; Rabbits. $1 75 for Cottontails
and $t 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 -5.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Errs are up to 50c again. They are very
scarce. The high price of domestic cives a
golden opportunity to importers of E«t«rn
who are selling large lines. Cold storage
Ez*3 are also greatly benefited by the high 1
quotations, as the public are usin? them in
large quantities. As for fresh ranch, sellers
can Wet Just about what they have the cca-
in Butter remains as hereto
fore quoted. The demand and supply about
balance and neither buyers nor sellers seem
dispc«ed to change prices.
Supplies of Cheese continue plentiful and
the market remains quiet and weak at the
were 47.1CO lbs Butter. 63S cases
1 E*es and 33.300 lbs Chees*.
BUTTER— Creamery. 316324c for extras
and 2»5©2!>c for seconds: dairy. 216 _5c; store
Butter. I741?l!>c« cold storage. 24§2tjc; East
ern. £Ve25c r*r lb.
CHEESE— 12tll2^c for the general market.
13«13Uc for select mild new and ll#U%c for
lower grades: Young Americas. 13f?14c: East
ern 15H6ie»4c; Western. 14fJ15c per lb.
EGG?— Ranch. 4<.850c for choice and 37H©
4"i4c for small and mixed colors; store, nomi
nal: cold storage, 27630c; Eastern, 25fl2Sc for
cold storage.
Local trade In frutts rraa quiet, tut as re-,
ceipts of mo«t descriptions were light prices j
were well maintained. Receipts of Strawber
ries and Raspberries were a little heavier
than on Monday and prices had & slight de
cline Cranberries were in fair request at
steady rates. Receipts of Grapes were very
light and as the market had previously been
well 'cleaned up there was a general advance
In prices. There was a steady Inquiry tar
choice shipping etock la crates for shipment on
the Pnget Sound steamer and supplies' proved
insufficient for the demand. Large and small
boxes cleaned up quickly to the local trad*
and prices sharply advanced. Apples and
Pears were in fair request and prices o* cholej
stock were well maintained, small consign- j
rnents of Flgi w « r « received from Sonoma
County and sold slowly at 75c#$l per box.
The usual quantity of other deciduous fruits
came in and prices had but slight quotable
variance.
Well colored Navel Oranges were selling' la
a small way at $4 per box and there was a
limited inquiry for green stock for shipping. ;
Otherwise there was .nothing new to report ia
Citrus fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— Lonsrworths. $&S10 per ,
chest- lanre berries. $«?7 per chest.
RASPBERRIE?— $5«S p*r^ chesty ,
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod. $11«U 50; Jer
seys. *10€10 75 per bbl; Coca Bay. $2 50©3
per box.
APPLES— Fancy Spitzenbergs. $2 25 per box ;
for Oregon and $1000175 for California: ;
other varieties. $1©1 25 for fancy. 75£S5c for •
choice and 25©50c for common; Christmas Ap- j 1
pies $2 50. ' I :
PEARS — $1 25(61 50 per. box for fancy Win- j
ter NelHs and 50<975c for other varieties. | ;
QUINCES — tO-sene per box. ;
POMEGRANATES— 75«S5c for small boxes ,
and $1 5062 50 for large.
PERSIMMONS— 50990c per box. .
GRAPES— 50©C0c tsr small boxes. 75c 1
15*1 for crates and $1 75^3 for large open ; ;
boxes. » ¦„ .¦¦¦¦-¦ I :
Poultry and Game.
Peas and Beans from Los Angeles sold at a '
wide range as to quality. There was no fresh [
stock received ta time for the rerular trade I
and the stock that had be»n carried over from |
the preceding day had to be disposed cf quick- i
lj\ Summer Squash was firm at higher prices j
and Tomatoes were steady, with occasional I
sales of strictly fancy stock reported at $1 per \
box. Cucumbers were in limited supply and I
firmer. Green Peppers were in excessive sup- ;
ply ar.d laixe lines of old stock were dump*d. i
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 55{? •
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1®1 4<> per ctl: I
Oregon Burbar.ks, 75c6$l 15 per ctl; River ;
Re<2s, 50<i}65c r-er ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 15©
1 25 p*r ctl. ;
ONIONS — S5c6«l 25 r<?r ctl for fancy and
5Ci?75c for lower grades.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2tt5e per lb: 1
String Bear.* 2»i#5e per lb: Wax, 4§5c: Lima l
Beans. Z^'Qtc r*r lb; Tomatoes, 50S75c per;
box; Summer Sruash. $1 25 r*r box for bay
and 75«*«5c for Los Angeles; Cabbage. 6Oc per
ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack; Cucumbers. $1 per
box: Garlic, 5-$*c D*r lb; Gre-n PerP^rs. 253
40c p*r box fcr Chile and 35©5Oc for Bell: Ertr
Plant. 4i>g5nc per box; Marrowfat Squash. $10
S10 r^r ton; Hubbard. $15-320. |
The Potato market was in good . shape for I
fancy Burbanks and fine offerings from Sa- j
Unas and Oregon moved freely at steady prices. *,
Receipts of River Burbaaks were Usht and the I
market was firm but inactive. Sweet Potatoes ;
were a little firmer under Hsht receipts. The j
best grades of Onions were in good request at !
the recently-advanced quotations, while com
mon and inferior offerings were hard to dis
pose of at any crice.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Hop^.are quiet. Stocks ar« literal and the
growers are- zbowttuc more disposition to meet
buyers. Ore arans" have a wid« range, rn, con
formity to the wide dlfTerecc* in quality,
there being quit* large lines f of rnoldx «n«
otherwlss peer stock oSertos.
Hidts are reoorted rather •' steadier la tM
East, but this market U not directly affected
thus far and is sti'l quoted qui«t at previous
prices.
Receipts cf Wool have fallen off somewhat.
as the clip is now pretty much all in. The
market cont'nues . dull, and neither buyers
nor sellers aprarently care , to op«rate v»ry
freely. The tone Is rather weak than oth-r
wtse.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands s-!l
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 9c: medium. Sc: light. 7*ic: Cow Hid-:s.
7»»c for heavy ar.d 7^c for light: Stairs. 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
10U§Uc; dry Hides. 15c; dry KtPv 13c; dry
Calf. ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25S30c each:
short Wool. 4OQ«>0c each; medium. -70^00: :
leng- Wool. $1S1 5O each: Horse Hides, sals.
$2 75 for larc- and $282 5O tor medium, $1 25
ffl 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides dry. $1 75 fcr large arj $1 5O for me
dium. $1§1 25 fcr small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skttis — Drv Mexican. 32c; dry ealted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 32c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: large and saioeth.
50c: medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4 l 2 c per lb: Na
2. 4c: grease. 2*sf?3c. .
WOOl. Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs . W^
lie: Midr.U County. Iiei2e; Northern Free.
llftlC-; Northern Defective. lo^Hc: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12814c; Nevada. lS^15c: Ore
gon, fine. l%319c; Oregon medium. 17c p*T IN
HOPS 19^22c per lb for California and 10**
22c for Oregon. .
Hides, Wool Tallcnv and Hops.
There are seme Beans selling right along,
but th« market is by no means active, and the I
tone continues more or less weak. Prices j
show no further change. •
BEANS- Bayoa. $2 15^2 40: Pea. $333 25: fr
Butters. $-1; small White. $2 80@3 10; large
White. $2 2(Vg2 40: Pink. $2 15#2 35: Red. '
$2 90^3: Lima. $2 754J2 95; Red Kidneys.
$4 23; BUckeye. $2 15g2 35 c«r ctl; Horse
B»aas, $1 5*82.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. ?3; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 C5Q2 S5; Flax. $1 70g"l SO; Canary.
w65'-~c for Eastern; Alfalfa, ll©14c: Rape.
l*;e<:Hc: Timothy. &g«Hc: Hemp, 3^g3>^c
per lb; Millet. 3S3^c; Broom Cora Seed, $2T>»
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0Q2 per ctL
Beans and Seeds.
COTTOLENE — One bali barrel. 0*»c; thr*e
half barrels. 9f»c: one tierce. 9H=: two tierce*.
9c; five tierces. S'kc per Is.
CUKED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12 He 'or light medium. 144c ' or NSfht.
154c for extra tight. 194c- for sugar-cared
and 208214c fcr extra sugar-cured; Eastern
eugar-cur*d Hams. 14^40 ; California Hares.
13*; c: Mess Beef. $11 5* Der bbl: extra Mess,
*12fjl2 50; Family. $13; prime Mess Pork. $13:
extra clear. $24: Mess. $19; Dry Salted Pork.
12c; Pig Pork. $2S; Figs' Feet. $3 25; Smoked
Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7 l ic per lb far
compound and S>c for pure; half barrels, pure.
O^c; 10-lb tins. 9* 4 c; 5-lb tins. 0S=; 3-U> tins.
10c. ¦- ' •¦ ¦ . •
The market shows no further r>ang«. being
quiet and featureless.. Chicago was about as
before. The Chicago wires of Boltsa, De
Ruyter & Co. said: "Receipts of Hogs ar«
increasing somewhat, but th« demand eca
tisues fair and there -is- not much selllag
pressure. ' Packing Interests are not leading
much support to prices and outside trade is
dull. We still, feel that after the great de
cline and with provisions selling at about a
4c basis fcr hogs they won't lose much money
if becght on the weak sscts. and - that later
the. market may do better."
Provisions.
Hay continues In good sfcase- for sellers, and
Oat is quoted slightly higher. Cars are still
scarce and the trade eay that. If they contlnua
so-there may be another advance in prices be
fore long. As it is. receipts are not what they
should be. and are hardly up to the demand.
Eran and - Middlings are steady - and un
changed, with more moderate offerings of the
former.
BRAN— iro«j per ten.
MIDDLINGS— *2*e2S per ten.
SHORTS— *20g21 per tea.
FEEDSTUFF'S— Rolled Barley. $24 50©25
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2fl«326 50;
Jobbing. $27627 50; Cocoanut Cake. I21Q22: 1
Corn Meal. ?30g31: Cracked Corn. $3O 50® >
31 50: Mixed Feed. $22 5Gg23 50; Horse Beans, i
$3Og40 per ton. .
HAY— Wheat. $14 gl6 50; Wheat and Oat.!
$13 6CS16 50; Oat. $13^15; Wild Oat, $11 5O§r
13 50; Barley. $11813; Stock, $108-11; Alfalfa,
$1<V512 50 per ton.
STRAW — i0e€5c per bale.
Hav and Feedst tiffs.
Muscatel and Seeded are in isp!< supply, with
a downward tendency. Prunes ar» lower. weak
and dull at the decline, and the other Fruits
are also inactive and easy. In fact, the 6»
jnand for almest everything *t*xo» to have
failed off.
Chestnuts are lower, as a car of Italians
is expected to b- on the market la a day or so.
FR11T — Apricots, 7C$4c for Royals ar.d 99
lie for Moorbarks; Evaporated Apples. 41554c:
sun-dried. 3464c; Peaches. 44e*4c; Pears.
6*J10c: Nectarines. 45JUc: Figs, white. 4§t»«c
in boxes; black. 4»ic; Plums, pitted. ©69c per
pound.
PRUNES— MC3 crop. 2U62*ic for the four
sizes.
•RAISIN'S— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1303
crop: 30-lb boxes — I^ocse Muscatel. 2-crown.
514c per lb; 3-crowa. 5*»c; 4-crown. 64c; seed
less Muscat?!?. 4&c: do floated. 44c; un
bleached Sultana*. 4Uc; Thompson's Seedless.
54?- Lcci-n Layers-^2-ero'wrt. II 23; 3-crowa.
$1 35: 4-crown dusters. $2: 5-crown Deheaaa.
12 50; C-crown Imperials. $3: MaUga Loos*. 2
crown. 5c Der lb: do 3-crown. 5Sc: Valencia
Cured. 4He: Pacific da 3»ic; Oriental do. 2*»c.
Seeded Raisins — 14-oa caekazts. fancy. Sc P«r
lb; choice. 7"*sc; 12-ox packares. fancy, 6*»c;
choice. 6?jc: la bulk, fancy. 7*ic: choice, 7*.c
NUTS— Walnuts. No. -1 eoftshelU 134f?14c:
No. 2. 114©12e; No. 1 hardshell. USli^c:
No. 3. Ilgll4e; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
104e for I X U 10Hc for Ne Plus Ultra and
S&c for Lansruedoc; Peanuts. GQ'c for East
ern; Pecans. 11813c: Cocoanuts. it 5->£5: Cali
fornia Chestnuts. SglOc Der lb.
HONEY— Comb. n;w, lie 15c for wMte and
P-SlOc for amber: new water white extracted,
5£54e; liKht amber extracted. 44tj5c; dark.
3HS4c.
BEESWAX— 27g29c c*r lb.
ply and the market is steady at the quotations
which have prevailed for a long time.
White. $1 20-81 324; Black. $1 40«gi 624:
Red. SI 20>gl 25 for feed and SI 25®1 S5 for
seed; Gray. 11 22%?! 274 per ctl.
CORN* — A di'll market is still quoted, with
offerings fully up to current requirements and
quotations more or leas weak.
¦Western sacked. Jl 3Ogl 324 for Yellow.
$1 3&QX 324 for White and $1 25@1 30 for
mixed; California large Yellow. *1 30®l 35:
small round do. $1 4O@l 60; White. $1 25Hgl 30
per ctl. ' -
RYE — $1 25gl 30 per ctl. The market is
sluggish. Offerings, however, are not large.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25©2 60 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The local millers continue to quote a fairly
active market fcr Flour, and the usual con
sumptive demand for Milfctuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. |4 600
4 $5. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. 94 5G©4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 80^4 20 per bbl for
Family and M 9>>{?4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as fol
lows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. *3; Rice Flour, XI;
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4g4 23; Buckwheat
Flour. *4 Uy&i 75; Cracked Wheat. 13 75; Fa
rina. $1 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolied
Oats. bbls. *7 25gS 60; in sacks, *6 75SS 10; I
Pearl Barley. $tf; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, |5 50 per 10O lbs. j
la buying by commigatca houses, and closing
prices were at the top. December f»c higher
at 77*i®77Tie. after touching 77%c
Corn was coder selling pressure at the oat
set and the market Cor & time showed further
weakness. The strength In wheat, however,
soon dissipated the bearish feeling- and shorts
became active buyers. December closed %c
higher at 4lH6«%c.
After some hestltatloa at the start the oats
market became strong. December closed 4c
higher at 33»»g334e-
Except for a moderate recovery from its de
cline of yesterday there was little feature to
the provision market. January pork closed
unchanged, lard a shade higher and ribs 24c
hlrher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FKANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY. .NOVEMBER IS, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Paji FLftesa.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION S AXE OF
Work, Driving and Saddle Horses
WHS2TBSSAT ZVJCJIXJQ. WOV. 18th.
At S o'clock.
17 HEAD WEIGHING FROM 1050 TO 13^0
POUNDS, from J. KINSMAN. Bcaaasa, Or.
22 HEAD WEIGHING FROM 105* TO 1T0O
POUNDS, from H. C. HUFFMAN. Sutler
County. CaL
10 MATCH SPANS WEIGHING FROM 22C0
TO 300© POUNDS, from Stocktea.
These hordes are- all broke aad are from 4
to 9 years old. Good, sound, serviceable horses-.
ready to be put to wcrtt.
10 HEAD DRAFT WEANLINGS AND TEAR-
LINGS, baiter broke, from Martinez.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
1732 Market St.. cor. Vaa Ness iw., 3. T.
L. H. BURD.
ELEGANT LOT OF fURMTURE
AT AUCTION TO DAY.
At *tTar»h.-?u9».
1818 MARKET ST.
L. H. BURI>. A-i-.t! **»??¦
*V^ £r* £rv
>-^O 1~t^ CJV
AUCTION SALE of Horse*. Wasnas, Har-
neis. WEDNESDAT. Nov. IS. at 11 «-_=•
Arcade Horse Mark-t. 327 Sixth st. Hsr^
I must be as represented cr m:ney reixina-:d.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE FAN FFAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,/ NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
14
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED-— FEMALE^
COM PETE I NT~dreEsmaker~wlshes work In fam-
ilies; stylish suits made in 2 daya. Box
3445, Call office. -
AN honest German lady would like to get a
few more days' light washing or houseclean.
Ing. 412B Fifth at. ,
A WOMAN would like to do washing by the
day; $125 per day. Please address * MRS.
E. K.. 963 Mission Bt.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework In small
family: wages $25. Address 25A Sliver st.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
YME^T WASTED—MALE.
SITUATIONS wanted for men; all kinds of
work, ready at once. See J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento fit.
A SITUATION desired on good private place,
city or country, by thoroughly experienced
young man (Danish); capable of taking care
of horses, garden, etc., and is a first-class
driver; references. Box 3451, Call.
SMALL size man. strictly temperate, would
like some l'ght work around house part o(
day for board and room." K. box 29S5. Call.
COMPETENT, reliable coachman, wife first-
class laundress, desires a position; good ref-
erence. T. S.. 77 Ninth st.
FRENCHMAN, speaking Italian, Spanish and
a little English, wants employment. V.
PELLET, generaf delivery, San Francisco.
YOUNG man wants position collecting or
clerking. Box 2982, Call.
EXPERIENCED dry goods domestic salesman,
also first-class stockkeeper. special In cur-
tains, blankets, linens and all housekeeping
dry goods; excellent references. Box 3442,
Call office. -^
STRICTLY temperate honest retired sea cap-
tain desires suitable employment, such- as.
ehlpkeeper, wharfinger or In command of
yacht or steam launch, etc. Address R. F.,
postoffice box 2163. San Francisco. Cal.
ELECTRICIAN; steady, sober young 'man
with some experience would like position in
electric^ power or sub-station. Box 2076,
Call office. . • '
ENERGETIC salesman of good appearance. 7
years of experience. Is desirous of accepting
position as traveling salesman with mercan-
tile house. Box 2020, Call.
SITUATION wanted by Eastern cook, wife as
second cook or waitress; good country hotel
or resort;" best of references. J. RAYBORN,
12 Cleveland st. ." ?.¦
SOBER, industrious, middle-aged single man
wants situation; small wages; familiar with
general merchandise or plain waiter. Box
295S. Call office.
Al DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced in both
mechanical and structural draughting and
. design, desires permanent position. Address
box 2957. Call office.
AM willing to work at anything; strong, hon-
est, ambitious; handy with tools; beat ref-
erences. Box 344H. Call office.
I AM an advertising -solicitor of 15 years'
experience; would like a position. Address
box 2973. Call office. .-
FIRST-CLASS meat and pastry cook wants
situation in hotel; wages not less than $75
per month. Box 3441, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man around private
house; can take care of horses; good driver;
good gardener; handy with tools. Box 29S0,
Call office.
WANTED — By first-class telegraph operator,
position with private concern; good letters.
Address "Operator," box 2981, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener wishes a situation
private family; all round handy; best refer-
ences. Box :>44f». Call office.
PAINTER, paper hanger and plasterer wants
work; very cheap. WILLIAM HA PP. 434
Fulton St.. near Octavia.
YOUNG man and wife would like to take care
of a small hotel or resort for winter; refer-
ences. Addre-fs box 849. Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD cook wants situation; restaurant, ho-
tel or boarding-house. Please call (358 Fol-
som st. .
STRONG, willing -young man with reference
would like position In wholesale cr retail
house. Box 2900. Call.
A BARBER wants steady Job. Please address
THEODORE WUESTEMAN, care Charles
Tamm, 3U9 Bartlett st.. San FrnncUco.
WANTED— Work by elderly first-c!ass car-
penter, day or contract; city or country; best
references. Box 2974. Call office. . •
STEADY man wishes place as ooachman and
gardener: city or country: ran milk; good
references. Box 2057, Call.
JANITOR work, carpets beaten and relald,
stoves polished and fixed, wood cutting and
splitting by the hour or day. Box 2059, Call.
A YOUNG man; married; good education; no
objection to leave city; Al references. E:x
2061. Call office. _^
COMPETENT mechanic (stranger) wishes car-
penter work; store, factory or email .Jobs.
Box 2973. Call office. ¦.- . -
POSITION wanted as collector, s-.lepman or
assistant bookkeeper, by experienced and en-
ergetic man; city references. Box .>43i. Call.
PROFESSIONAL photographer, with 7 years'
experience, desires situation. Address Pro-
fessional Photographer, box 3431. Call.
EXPERIENCED teamster, farm laborer and
woodchopper wants work.- Box 20 1 9. Call.
MECHANICAL draughtsman desires j-ositlon;
nged 25. Address box 2972, Call. -¦ -
MAN wants situation as porter- or utility man
cbout hotel. Address Porter. 614 Kearny at.
JAPANESE boy wishes position as a school-
boy, clay or country; speaks English. OCtA-
\VA. 500 Bush »t. ' '
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants place; pri-
vate family. Address 921 Dupont st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. -Duncan & Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense lief,
. service -absolutely : free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-250. Geary
St., on thn square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you ¦ want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY, 1030 Market st. : services abso-
lutely free. • *
DIAMOND, S19— Flat of 3 sunny,- furnished
rooms, kitchen, dining and bay-window bed-
room: T"l 1 i" TTrBPtmilUWNiT" *'
WALLER. 1303V4, nenr Masonic ave.— Modern
0-room flat: rent $35. .< '¦ '
3 LARGE rooms 'o let at C65 Hampshire St.;
$13; no children!' ..¦:.¦ . ' ; .¦¦.¦'
ELLIS, 824 and 826— Sunny 3 and 5 mom flats;
¦ elegant appointments; $35: for physicians, etc..
SUNNY flat. 6 rooms - and ' bath. 115 Leaven-
worth et.' ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tin ned.
R # O. WILKE, Real Estate and Business
Agent <e»tabllJshed 14 years). 2tS\b Kearny
*t., rooms i) and 10.
A $1000 coffee saloon and restaurant on
the water front, close to Market st.; dally
receipts about SC5; busineae clearing $300 p-?r
. month; trial given; a splendid offer; investi-
gate at once. See K. G. WILKE. 26 H
Kearny et. :
A — $3500- HOTEL and barroom with 30 rooms.
In Point Richmond: rent $100: rooms alwayn
occupied by employes of railroad and Stand-
ard Oil Company: board bill guaranteed by
companies; owner never clears less than $330
per menth. Call R. G. WILKE. 26& Kear-
ny »t.
A — $900; SALOON on water front, with* 8 fur-
nished room*: 3 Iron bedsteads In each
room: 2>4 years' lease; rent $35; rooms alone
vty $70 per month and raloon doing a good
busintrs. See R. G. WILKE. 2B% Kearny.
A— $400- CIGAR Ftand. close to Market St.;
stock will invoice the price; dally receipt-
$15; rent $30. Call R. G. WILKE. 20 H
Kearny it. ________
A CIGAR »tand cloee to Market and Ellis
6t».; good will: $700 stock at Invoice; rare
chance: best business location. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2WVJ Kearny »t.
A— $1<W; STATIONERY and echool supply
store on Geary st. ; this etore Is kept by pres-
ent owrer lti years and will stand closest
inveftlgatlon. Call R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny »t. ' '
A— $350; EMPLOYMENT office, doing a good
business; must be sold at once on account
of sickness In owner's family. Call R. U.
WILKE. 26H Kearny it.
A— $4000; ELEGANT and flrat-clasa saloon
olos* to Market et.; net rent $125: 44 years'
leeae. Particulars R. G. WILKE. _«>*
Kearny st.
A— $350; CIGAR stand on Third St.. close to
Call building; a good paying stand. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2050; CORNER grocery and bar with 10
years' lease: rent $00: on leading business
etreet south of Market; place established
years. Particular* R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $l£00; HALF Interest in one of the best
corner saloons on water front; lease; disagree-
ment of Dartners cause of sale; will cell
whole for $34<X>. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. —
A— $V2W. CORNER saloon' on Fourth St., cl-xse
to S. P. freight sheds; 8 furnished rooms
and kitchen: a good paying business. See
It. G. WILKE. 2G>4 Kearny st.
A— $h«X); DAIRY oroduce and delicatessen
ttore; rent $22: buslr.es* clears above $1W
i>er month: living rooms: value In eight.
Call R. G. WILKE. g<% Kearny €t.
A — $2CC0: SALOON on Kearny st.. about 2 blocks
from Chronicle building; place established
years and doing a good business; or one part-
ner will sell his interest for $1000: disagree-
ment cauee of sale. See R. G. WILKE, 26>/j
Kearny st.
A — $1200, coffee saloon and bakery: close to
Phelan- bldg. : a good-paying . business, but
must be sacrificed on account of owner being ,
tick in hoEUltal. Particulars R. G. WILKE, ;
20 H Kearny «t. • •
STRANGERS, ATTENTION!
Are you looking for a cafe and profitable busi-
ness opening in San Francisco? If so. we can
offer you any number requiring an investment
from *100 to $50.dX); every business opportu- [
nity that rashes through our office must stand i
the closest Investigation, and we can place
you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, office, or.
In fact, any business you may prefer; kindly
call and investigate.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED — A partner with ?30O<> to S5000 to
go into an ol i established Jewelry and mu-
sical business, located In the best buslnesa
Fectlorf of the city, paying 50 per cent profit.
Pox 29C2. Call. ,'
$20 RENT: srace tn let for bootblack stand.
Call 1173 Market et. between 12 and 1.
LODGI.\G-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BRING THIS "CALL" AD WITH YOU.
MARION GRIFFIN. Established April 0. 1SS5.
i
Room 40C "Examiner" building,
i Phone Blark 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor,
i Strictlj- buMnecs methois. Up-to-date offices.
<IUO ROOMS— OFFER WANTED.)
B:g bargain; exclusive family hotel; one of
the best on the coast; handsome corner build-
ing; cleared $461 In October; private baths;
splendid furniture; 5-year lease; cause, heart
trouble.
CIS ROOMS— $M0.)
Snap: on sunny corner. 4 blocks north of Mar-
ket; full of men: cleared $75 last 5 weeks.
(24 ROOMS — CLEARS J175.)
Transient house; downtown; 24 rooms fur-
nished 3 months ago with the best of every-
thing
(16 ROOMS— SWELL.)
New. modern house of lti rooms In high-toned
neighborhood; all bay-window rooms; on sunny
corner; Axminster carpets; golden et4k folding
beds with large mirrcr fronts.
<177 ROOMS — CLEARS $C50.)
A bargain: a first-class, strictly modern,
fireproof apartment house; new building: ele-
gant furniture; low rent, long lease; clears $650
month; owner is sick in bed.
(52 ROOMS— MORTGAGE SALE.)
New and modern; long lease; moderate rent;
very best furniture and carpets; excellent loca-
tion; only $1500 cash necessary; must be sold;
a big enap.
<44 ROOMS— A MINT.)
Actually cleared fiVi in October; In center of
city; accurate accounts are kept; worth $8000
as an income producer; will sell for $4500
(10 ROOMS— $250.)
Sunny side, north of Market: rent $23: full.
(24 ROOMS— tl 200.)
Near Market: rent $80: banks $9S monthly.
<10 ROOMS— $SOQ.)
Clean; rent $50; clears $07; all housekeeping.
Elegantly and artistically furnished flat of 8 j
rooms; must be sold on account of leaving city; I
cost $1000 last July; will sell for J500; strictly
modern building; low rent; three rooms bring
half the rent; best location In the city. ;
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 40C Examiner bldg.
NICE 21-room house; downtown location; full
of steady roomers: clearing $75 a month;
price reduced .from $2400 to $1000; parties
leaving the city. .
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 4C6 Examiner bldg.
HEADQUARTERS FOR LODGING-HOUSES
C. E. HINKLEY, Phone Mint 790.
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Country c-orrespondence promptly answered.
Part cash, balance monthly payments.
CARRIAGE JO_SHOW HOUSES.
PARTLY furnished 10 rooms, piano Included-
rent only £2«: amazingly low price $22.1.
C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market et.. opp. Fifth. I
EXQUISITE furnishings; 185 rooms; grand I
apartment-house; low rent; long lease; clears 1
$700 to $R0O; only $5000 cash, balance 6 per
cent. Only with HINKLEY. 1020 Market.
STEADY roomers: 17 rooms: clears $CO;~rent
only $45; price $750. HINKLEY. j
MONEY-MAKER; 60 rooms; transient; 2 en- I
trances^ liquor license; oak and maple fur- i
nlture: a gift at $2750. HINKLEY.
BARGAIN; 19 rooms; must sell; rent $50- t
yours at $550. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
W'ORKINGMEN'S house; sunny corner; 18
rooms; clears $50; rent only *38; price $750-
easy terms. C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market.
HAVE you some furniture? 12 rooms; partly |
furnished; sunny corner; rent $40; clears $.T:- I
a pick-up at $500. C. E. HINKLEY. 1020
Market st.. opp. Fifth.
' ~~ SEE '. "•
TETLOW & DEACON.
Phone Folsom 2357.
1023 Market st. between Gth and 7tb,
For hotels, rooming-houses and business
chances, any part of the city.
A — $3000; PRIVATE boarding-houee, with 40
elegantly furnished rooms, on Van Ness ave. ;
rooms always occupied and flrst-claes patron-
age. See R. O. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
ELEGANT corner flat. 8 rooms. Western Ad-
dition; rent $-15: cheap. .$900; large rist/ of
houses, C to 200 rooms. ErTEL & CARROLL
212 Kearny at.
AT sacrifice^ — A 6-room house: only $450; fine
carpets, furniture, etc. 411 Larkln st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prlceVmod-
"> erat». Apply S. F. COMPRESSED/ AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
¦WHEN you become disgusted with your work
•end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Worke, .155-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN CarxH-t Cleaning Works." ISCO Her-
rleon st.; Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission L'25.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen. |
_prcprt»tor. 329 Guerrero St.. tel. Mission 49.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: price j
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel.Mlsrton 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate wv».: telephone East 126.
COTTAGES' TO LET.
$27 50-r«-ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton et.
CURES BUPTUEE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 120B Market «t.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
CBEOIT CltOTglziBS.
C F. ADAMS r CO
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
shoes; everything up to date at earn prices.
CreClt for all. S18 Mason st.
Once when Bulger was off on a Mexican trip
He forgot the car porter and gave him no tip, .
Which the man didn't like, and he told our fat friend
"Twould be best if in future such habits he'd mend.
In business life 'twould be fatal indeed
To forget little things to which you should give heed.
You must have good help for details large or small, /
Which you always can get through Want Ads in The Call
I SPIRITUALISM.
i PROF. FreJ P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
j writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
i 1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia: phona Scott 8S7.
MME. VIGAR'S spiritual test meeting every
night, 10c; sittings dally. 142 Sixth st.
MRS. C.'KOTTER — Test circle to-night; devel-
oping circle Mon. ; sittings daily. 34 Cth st.
EDWARD EAP.LE. 10S2 Ellis, readings dally,'
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIHVOYAATS. ~~
PROFESSOlT^AUL DESTINE,'
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Franc' soo.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, occu-
pation and what you called for; 1 promise to tell
you whether husband, wife or swe«th*art is true
i or false; tell you who and when you will marry;
in fact, I will tell you every hope, fear or ambi-
tion better than you can tell yourself; I will give
you luck that wins success in love, marriage, dl-
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and
lost vitality, etc.: hours 10 a. ra. to 8 p. m.
32ti — O'Farrell »t.— 326. Readings $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; sha reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: if you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied in life, or havo
domestic, lov« or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of ilfe; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O, ~
, L-I-V-O-R-N-O.
- Tbe World-Renowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
Ol JV 6* 8 "11 V fit
Over Hammersmith & Fields. Phone Black 2435.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE. !
"Madame Llvorno saved me serious mis- j
take?," says Sarah Bernhardt. Thousands say
the same thing. Three questions by mall, $i.
Send month and year of birth.
ISMAR the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; £end lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter, j
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. & palm,
has second night; a wonderful prophetess.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
trouble, bus. and financial success named.
L., 60c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
COME AND HAVE YOUR LIFE READ
BY MRS. DR. E. SANDERS.
And Learn Mental Telegraphy.
41S Post St.; hours 10 to S.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
! card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
! a short time only; when others fall try me to
i convince yourself. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
MRS. VEINA. wonderful trance medium and
card reader: Just returned from long ab-
' sence. 406 Geary, near Mason, room 1.
J MRS. GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader;
name9 given; 25c and 50c. C55B Minna St.,
below Elchth.
| A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
| MME. MARSEAU. clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles. '25c; gents. SOc. S43 Minna st.
OLDEST lad- palmist and card reader in city.
20% Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; gents SOc.
MME. LAMAR, wonderful palmist; card read-
er; 25c, 50c. 620 Jones et.: hours 1-9 p. m.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings daily. 4 is 14 Jessie St.. bet. Oth and 6th.
Si o J ii L Jl£ T J o j?L^ )Ii ' FICES *
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 65S6.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 504-5-C Callaghan bldg^~Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Baeford Obtun-
fler. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 CO; fillings. SOc;
Plate?, $5; full set; all work palnlers and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sizth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; nllingn. 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: sliver. 35c: crowns, $2;' no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HeTritt.204 Sutter.
PIIBSSMAKBR8 AXD SKA.MSTRESSKS
ACCORDION, sunburst & ;<nlfe plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure ;eve.class. 1010 Mrkt.
educational.
heXld^Tbusiness college : 24"post\ ~s.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a ?horough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine end California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; special summen course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
ship, S.V; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA BusineFs College. .505 Larkrn st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
Eor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, th^
foremost institution of the kind in the entire
West; 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg., 414 Mason st. .
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evge., Teutonia Hall. Howard st., nr.
Oth.. Prof. Fester; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. «v. ; est. 18C4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
EUGENE DE FOREST SCHOOL OF ACTIN~G~.
Saratoga Hall, S40 Geary Et. ; call 2 to S.
PHYSICAL culture class for gents only; $5
month. Box 2OC0, Call.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION...... Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night c'.ass.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; <?.ay or eve. $5 mo. 1024 MIspion.nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORG E^6lf£^il^t^£T^eC^rirVi^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlahes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office— J&panese-
__ Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Slain 8752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emn. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Emp!oyment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and' Japanese help; estdb. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
BY 4 young Swedish girls, good, first-class gen-
eral housework. Girls can be seen at J F
CROSETT & CO.'S, 334 Sutter st.
RELIABLE _lrl wants general housework;
American family; Is a good cook; wages $25.
15S3 Market Bt.
AN eldtrlv lady wishes a good home; useful
around the house; Email wages. Call branch,
300 Hayes st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; under-
stands general housework and laundry; ref-
crer.ee. Address 1435 Pacific at.
A YOUNG American girl wishes a situation to
do housewcrk-ln a uniall American family;
reference. 26 Antonio at.
SWEDISH lady wishes housework by the day,
or take plain washing or sewing home. 242
Langton st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress; can do children's
* clothes In a first-class style. Call 2 Regley
place. Pierce, and Greenwich sts.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing.
Ironing, housccleanlng; $1 35 a day. MRS.
SIEBOLD. 206 Rltch et. ¦
YOUNG woman desires situation, housework;
good plain cook: wages $25. Box 4600. Call.
TWO girls would like situations as dishwash-
ers in a restaurant. Apply. 34 1£ Freelon Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation to do
general housework; good cook. 957 Folsom.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation in private
family; wages $35. 3660 Twentieth et.
A POSITION as stenographer by a young lady
having diversified experience in the line.
Address Berkeley Realty . Co., 2147 Center
et., Berkeley. ¦ >-
ELDERLY ; American woman wishes position
for housework and. cooking; good .home .and
moderate wages; no mall answered. 1065
Market st
THE^CALL
JOKK D. SFBECKXI.3. Proprietor.
-£Ciess icimi-icatisii. u iDHl KcSlUGHT. fcnsgtr
TELEPHONE.
A»k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With th» Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st
Delivered by Carriers. 28 Cts. Per Week, 7f
Ctt. P«r Mor.th. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash Wit*
Order) :
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday) 1 year.. $S. Of
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.(*
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 73c
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year 2. .VI
WKKLT CALL, 1 Year 1.00
pnnFlrv f Daily. . .*S.SO Per Year Extra
t^- t«°r i SundV-V. 4.15 Per Year Extr-
FCSTAUE. [weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscriber* in ordering chanr* of «d-
drf*s yfccuid be particular, to K'.ve both NEW
A Nil OLD ADDRESS trworder to Insure a
prompt _nd correct compliance with their re-
QOCSL
OAKLAND OFFICE:
JUS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY OFFICE: ¦ _
214S Center Etreet Telephone Nortn «•.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 1406 G Street, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wettorf - Aftoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel arid Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhertnan- House: P. O. News Co. Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hcttl; Paiir.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS .Marquette BuIWg.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. )
SEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTOX H'"» ld Square.
Bl'PINEFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 22 o'clock evry night In the j-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES:
E27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open un-
til !>:30 p. in. _"__
RCXi Ka>es street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f-Tft Mf-AUlster Ftre«t; open untiI*fl:30 p. m.
r,ir, Lnikir. street: cpon ur.til «:30 p. m.
:!>4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2TC1 Market street, corner Bixteentn: open
until '.< p. m.
Jf><: Eleventh street: open until 9 p. in.
1OW6 Valencia street; o:>en until 9 p. tn.
NV.rthef.st corner Church and Duncan streets;
<pen ur.til 9 p. m. '__
{Ccrtlivest corner of Twenty - second and
Kentnrky rtreets: open until 9 p. m.
?y»0 Flllmore street ; orxin until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES. I
• -AtlKORNIA Lodge of Perfection No. «
" 13, A. and A. B. R.. «25 Sutler «.— >»/y
railed meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) /VN
EVENING at 6 o'clock. The fourth
degree will be conferred by the officers of
Yerb« Buena Lodge of Perfection No. 1. All
brethren of the Rite cordially invited.
CHARLES JELLINEK. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAII Lodge No. 44. F. and J_
A.M.— < ailed meeting THIS (WEDXES-W
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- /V\
ond degree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. _¦
CROCKETT Lodge No. l."». F. and A. a
M.— Seocr.<5 QPgrre THIS (WEDNES- < *_\f
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /V\
order of the Master.
R. H. McPHERSOX, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1C«, F. and A. _>
M — Sf-oond degree THIS <WEDNES-wVf
r>AY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /Nf>
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1«». F. and A. M. — m
r_NM meeting THIS (WXt'N'EfDAT) yy i
EVENING ct 7::J0 o'clock. Third de- /^f\ >
gree. Py order of the W. M. The of-
ficer* of ftair King Lodga No. 344. F. and A.
M. will confer the degree.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of Temple J_T_I
Grove No. 19, U. A. O. D.. are hereby ,/Cf
reqursted to assemble at Druids' Hall, »• ¦
on WEDNESDAY. November IS, at 1:30 p.
m.. for the purpose of attending the funeral
of tii: late Brother ROBERT ANDERSON.
By crder OTTO SJOGREN. N. A.
HARRY MENTZAR. Rec. Sec.
NATIONAL Union. Ca!Kor- t_3^StR_-^S
nil Council, meets T<~>- * l ye* 1 ' r '^r« HL^
NIGHT sit Pioneer Hall. ' "Ck
V 'Urth s:.. at 6 o'clock.
VlFitlng friend* cordially Invited: initiation.
E> order. E. A. M. GILBERT. President.
C. H. VAX ORDEX. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commiesloh. having re-
reived application to mice by hydraulic pro-
tees from United Gold and Copper Company
;n Spring Valley hydraulic gold mine, near
Cherokee. Butte County. Cal.. draining into
Fpring Valley Creek, which reaches Feather
River, gives notice that meeting will be held i
tt room i«6, Flood building. Ban Francisco.
Cal.. November 30. 1903. at 1:30 p. tn.
ATTO n X E V S- AT-L AAV.
W. H. BITTNEIt.
ATTORNET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone Sauth 743.
Euit 322. Emma Epreckels building.
Dlvoroe quietly and legally obtained for
eight c_u»«-»; damages »?cured for injuries to
p*r*c«n cr estate; replevin* lor property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ment* for lebt*; bond* furnished; bankruptcy
pnxe*<!ings; wills probated; estates fettled;
collections made In all carts of the U. S.
ADVICE FREE: ~
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LJtW & COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. S3. 910 Market, opposite
Emporium. Ea<! tenants ejected speedily and
reasonably. Collections, no matter how small
ettended to; attachments; bonds furnished- cor-
porations organized: civil and crirsdnal practice.
Tel. John esse. Open evenings by appointment.
W« solicit an interview with you.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce f-jr a small tee
m w' nd HoUk m ATTbR°NE S Y^A n T- ll^w ;:e -
Bsti.b!lFhed 22 yr*.; ran. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 5 i.st'fl
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice free, all tnatterg. Detectives employed.
AA— THE Legal Advisory. Inc.: reliable attor-
neys; practice in til courU; attachments di-
vorce, estates, bankruptcy, probate 'siL
8UA. 511B Croseley bldg.. N. E. New
Montgomery asd Mission rts.; tel. John 2926.
R ™ S'i KI , NG ' »' t V t - ! *w. Examiner bid!;
room 611; all case*, damages, estates, wills
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
iree; no advance charges; ea.Il or write-
evenings by appointment, Tel. Red 3601. '
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In meritorl-
SfL^"* 8 ' $ ivorcn - Probate and all other law
c*»es; no fee* t n advance; open every even-
tng. J. M. THURSTOX. S19 Market sL. r! 31.
DIVORCE— Cofts. $12; quick, quiet- advice
free; cpen evenings. 827 Market «t.. * 5)1?
DIVORCE corts $12; quick and quiet; open
evenings. Examiner building, room 315.
L. 6^ CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar.
net «t.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
r> lT^ E t^« i 12 L open eve n»"K*: tenant.
ejected. $5. 016 Market, r. E2; phone Black C51
ADVICE free; nocharge unless successful- all
_ law bu»ine«w. W. W. Davidson 027 Market.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. ~
W vi?P U r° cat " Tle «- talking parrot. ; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldflth. seed
fssr-iS&jSS^ir trial; w> wm pl ~"
BISLVESS CnAKCES. ~~
A ~ MERCHANTS. ATTENTION*.
. y i >u _. wleh^ t0 enl «*e your buslnest, or do
you desire additional caplui? If eo we can
i^*-.?; Ol i Wllh *° actlTe or » Ilwi t Partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000; we
»^5 e na ! n , bw of <J»l™.We applicants
on our books seeking good business openings
GERMANIA INVESTMENT CO
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
BAKERY for sale; completely furnished,
horses and wagons; llxing apartmenu for
married couple; long lease; good counter
!_!f « d fPP 01 *"""*- Apply at prem-
ises. 2381 Mission »C. or D. A. CURTIN
room 24. third floor. Mills building.
1150— Partner, commission business; $75 month
year round; no experience. BROWN, 1221
Market et.
¦WANTED— Steady tr.an with $300; genteel
buslnese; no night cr Sunday work; $75
monthly. Apply 235 Kearny et.. room 4.
ft** — SALOON: liveliest country town; 30
*nile« from San Francisco: best corner and
} r 1 ". 1 ?*** 1 ¦* loon 1° town; 5 living rooms
and 2 ride rooms; rent $30; 2 years' lease.
Addrees box 3447. Call of nee.
FOR SALE — A well ettUbllxhed harness busi-
ness in the thriving city of Chieo. For par-
ticulars call on L. D. STONE A CO 417
Market rt.. or write to box 203. Cnlco.
A SATO INVESTMENT.
S1000 cash and services secures half-interest
in established installment houf-e; Investment
eecured end $50 weekly assured
GERMAXIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321. Emma Spreckels building.
WAXTED — Steady man with $300; genteel
bueinemt; no night or Sunday" work; $75
monthly. Apply 235 Ke&rujr tt., room 4.
HELP AVAXTED-— MALE— Contlnned.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-G36 Clay st.
'. Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave If* 03 we>n * lve
45.00O- men work. '. 60,000 men work.
W ARIZONA.
OREGON. NE\ADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
- pass
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gangs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Farmers and orchard hands, $30, $3o, $40 and
found; milkers. $30 to $50 and found.
Stablemen, city, country jobs, $30 to $00.
365 woodshoppers.
2S7 tiemakers.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country. $25 to $45 found.
Butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $90 found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE-
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco. $2 25^
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 636 Clay »-
COAL OREGON • FREE FARE
MINERS OREGON $3 to $5 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MAN and wife, man as waiter, wife as cham-
bermaid, $50 and found; 2 coatmakers; track
foreman.
OLD MEXICO — FREE FARE.
Carriage trimmer, boss here, good wages.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
12 cabinetmakers, country, $3 to $3 50 day:
gang edgerman, lumber company, $65 and
found.
Lunch counter waiter. $35 found.
2 waiters, country hotel, $30 found; 2 door
hotel boys.
Butter-maker, $60; city stableman, $30 found.
Cook, short order, Los Angeles dlst., $12
week, found. •
Blacksmith. $3 day; 2 carpenters. $3 day.
Stickerhand, $4 day; choreman, private. $23
found.
Second butcher, ranch. $50 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
GERMAN; steady; references: tend bar; wine
business; useful: married preferred: call
afternoon. 15 City Hall square.
EXPERIENCED glove cutter: steady work.
415 Market st.
TAILOR: steady work. 423 Ninth St.. Oak-
land. Broadway station.
BARBER wanted: steady. 523 Broadway.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 331 Bay St., jiear
Mason.
PORTER for saloon and lunch bouse. 448 Fifth
street.
WANTED— Experienced stock boy on cloaks
and suits. BARON'S. 762 Market st.
BUSHELMAN for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
BARBER shop fcr sale. 230 East st.: tran-
slent trade: $75; snap.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO per pair, foot- form shoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
• Third St.. Exam, bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— For U. 8.' Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
. good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the -world, on land in our
island possessions, and at naval stations la
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal., and
401 K at.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Active advertising and Insurance
(solicitors on new proposition; sells on its own
nierit: exclusive territory to good agents;
good compensation. Call from 9 to 10 a. m..
suite 10. Columbian bldg.. 916 Market St.
j WANTED— Boys from 16 to 18 years: height.
S feet 4 Inches and over, to join a social mtll-
I tary rifle corps; regulation uniform and drill.
Apply S. SZANIK. 473 Valencia it., any
evening between 6 and 8 o'clock.
GOVERNMENT poxitlons^ — Call at room 14.
fifth floor, 3C5 Larkln at., for free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.;
day or evenings.
I MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two
months and secure good positions; catalogue
! mailed free. MOLER System College. 633
Clay st.
WAXTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express cr mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
STRONG school boy to carry morning paper;
south Market at.; no Sunday work. Room a.
150S Market at. •
BARBER shop; a snap; sunny living rooms;
rent $15; owner quitting business. 1341
Geary st.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice: references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
I WANTED — A man familiar with toys. Apply
| Schlueter's. 1158 Washington at.. Oakland.
STRONG boy at Hermann Safe Co., Iron de-
partment. 307 Battery st.
MEN to learn the barber trade. Inquire at
611 Commercial st.
A PRACTICAL cutter of good appearance. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO.. »40 Market st.
BARBER trade taught in 5 weeks. Address
W. C. B., 647 Commercial st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School. 7^1A Howard tt.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pos».G.A.R,
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 230 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop and cigar store for
sale: bargain. Inquire Call office.
FOR sale — Barber shop; 3 steady chairs: big
bargain. Western Realty Co.. 1007^ Market.
BARBER shop for sale on account of other
business. 704 Polk st.
FOR SALE — Two-chair barber ehop, 'cheap.
127 Clay at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Cliurch sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia gt.
ALL s.'zes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SJt'3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled white waiting: 2So
to 60c. C63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
TO Whom It May Concern — We will sell at
public auction at the Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St., Wednesday. Nov. 17. at 11 a.
m., one phaeton and single harness, the
property of Frank M. Stone (the same being
sold for storage bill). Devisadero-st Sta-
ble. ASMl'S & WIPECARVER.
LIVE active young stableman desires- to sell
half interest In one of tbe largest and best
paying brick .livery stables; extra long lease;
at moderate rent; select location; splendid op-
portunity: principals only. SCOTT & MAG-
NER. C15 Sixth st.
A LOT of cheap horses, wagons, carts, bug-
gies and harness at Fifteenth and Shotwell
sts.; closing out. 1140 Folsom st.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the incney,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market »t., San Francisco. :>" :
TOP wagon, $60: big ranch mare, $50; buggy,
$15; cart. $12 50; wagon, $23. 79 City Hall
ave.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 good horses.
327 Sixth «t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
Largest a?sortmt 2-hand wagons, buekb'd, sur- '•
rey.harness. work. driving horses. ISth- Valencia j
liOCSKS FURNISHED — KOlt SAL1S.
$000—12 ROOMS, beautifully furnished: near
transfer corner; rent $57 50. 1421 California, j
¦ i
HOUSES TO LET.
*A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
.service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and !
, trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-239 Geary '
Bt., on tbe square. , ¦ S
HOUSE. 1303 Waller St.; 9 rooms.- bath and '
billiard-room; modern: rent $50t
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN fc HOWELL. 25 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 eents--The Weekly Call ' l
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
•LOST AXD FOUND. .
LOST.
At football grounds, or between there and
junction of Market and Taylor, a gen-
. tleman's purse containing money and larg«
diamond ring. 1 diamond shirt stud, I plain
gold ring. etc. Finder please return to 329
Sansome st. and receive $300 reward. Includ-
ing money and . purse. - .
LOST AND FOIXD — Continwrd.
SATURDAY evening, between Powell and Ma-
son sts.. or at Techau Tavern, an umbrpila
gold and porcelain fcandli*. Initials L. M. n*
and miniature head 'on handle. Finder will
I receive reward for the return of sama to 'jji
Hayward building.
LOST — Between Third and Fourth 7u
Mission, Monday evening, one beaa pu r »e
containing money and receipts and watc'u ¦
"Julie Chardon" engraved In back of watcn'
'¦ Liberal reward at 1141 H Mission st.
LOST — Brown and white collie dosr. In poor
coat; very thin: liberal reward. 1X> Flllmore
St.; telephone Fell 5161. .
LOST— Lady's gcM watch, 13 diamord:*, l ruby":
design, branch of tree with bird; vary i ia l
eral reward. 24»> Clement st.
LOST — A Masonic emblem and mounted shark' j
tooth. Return to Park View Hotel and r->-
celvf liberal reward. - J
LOST — A pair of pear! opera glasses driving
from Presidio to rark. Finder return to YM.l
Stockton at.; receive reward.
LOST — Saturday eveninar on Market »t.. »ma!l
roll of rlans. Please return to 30O Pag*
St.; reward.
LOST — Gold watch fob. Return to 14 San-
some st., room 40; liberal reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
ro'd nnd «Hver to make new watch o»h#«i.
MEDICAL.
MRS.. DR. WYETH. specialist fcr all fem*l«
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; Z0
years' experience; removed to S26 Post st.
MRS. tR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSVi Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick cr
in trouble consult this specialist on femala
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Gocdwln. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complains: lnst. relief;
treatment $10: hours. lt> to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 111S Market— P.eliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 2»95 Folsom St.. cor. 26th;
Indies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposlta
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 19O4: sav«
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS—^FoR .S^LjS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatertte; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron tin or shingles; best for new roofa.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papera.
H. 8. W.HITE M'CH'T Co.. 130-132 Beal* at.
FOR sale — Nearly new No. 4 Underwood Visi-
ble Typewriter. In perfect order, cost $105,
for $75. Can be seen on board S. S. Enter-
prise, near R. R. bridge, Oakland Creek.
A — Fine suits $7 50; dress pant*. $2 30. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. SIS Kearny at.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. : Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Pries Hatter3, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers; water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
2 72x16 HORIZONTAL tubular boilers, front
. and all flttincs. TRACY ENGINEEKINU
CO.. 151 Fremont «t.. San Francisco.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
eent free. R. E. Reva!k A Co., San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form bhnes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3"1 St.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free..
BILLIARD table, Erunswick-Balke make; al-
most new; 4xS. "Baldwin Annex.
Printing office. 3 C.&P. presses, motor cutter,
type, fixtures; doing good business. 20Sti. CalL
SAFES — New and second ham*. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 3U7 Battery st.
FOR sale— Steam boiler. 42x12. Pioneer Tal-
low Works. Seventeenth and Carolina st».
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
3. 0 AND 10 hp. "gasoline engines; 2d-hand: all
rtzes; new. E. B. BECK & CO.. 123 Markft,
NEW and second ha-nd machinery of all kinds.
KKOGH MNFG. CO.. 819 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slldts. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs rhammocks.
metal beds.mattressr«i.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movln*
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK» 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekl/
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address tn th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — For "Uncle Tom's Cabin" show,
four large dogs, Danes or mastiffs; also don-
key. Apply Central Theater.
WANTED— Burglar-proof safe. LICHTEN-
STEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton St.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; gend postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand Clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
A BIG price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton st : phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY TO LOAN.
aXa— HEiaL^N^MljRraT/" ~~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried people oa
their note without security or knowledge cf
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CREDIT CO., €S and t» Dononoa
building. 1170 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianos or to salaried people en l^* 1 -'
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS _
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main .Ot.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry * tor '- a
Market st. : tel. Main 1044. Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loantd to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding- house* without
security; easy payments; largest bu<ilnejM in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— I per cent on furniture or P**n£ no r * m . o . v -
¦1. no commission, no publicity:?:."* up. qutc*.
private, confidential. ;c__£ont_° mcrT - rm - '¦
M. JACOBSEN & CO.. room 6 = 1 - Kmma S pr * c J*:
els building loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential: lew rate*.
MUNICIPAL LOAn"oFFIC£ 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM *1 TO 000 -
I MONEY to loan on "kTw Interest: cold. •Hver.
diamonds, pearls and Precious stcnes bousht
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth >t.
TO salaried people "without security; en fuml-
ture- indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discbunt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
YOU can borrow mere money on your furniture
than any other place in city; no rommlssion.
612 Parrott building: phone South C53.
I AT lowest rates on furniture and p!aros; strict
' privacy no commlssion:l»«stallrae.nt3 accepted.
i BONELLI 301 Eddy. Conservatory bulldlnr.
I OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries conrtden-
j tlally; new.simple plan. Room 50. 819 Markft.
. MONEY loaried to salaried employes. O. tV.
| MILLER, room 74. 5th floor. Chrsnlcle bldg.
Z% ON rurnlture & pianos; 515 up; no removal-
V. TREMAIN. room 81. C Eddy at., floor ¦*•
" 1 PEIl cent on furniture or piano. WO Mu-
tual Savings Bank bUg.. 70S Market at.
". ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent 4
, mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. V* Kearny.^
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual g3v.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner hld*T-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I 16 pages. In wrapper, tor mailing. $1 P«f *«¦*•
SUNNY 3-room flat, complete for housekeeping-
£*"• S a s range, porcelain bath; adults; $25.'
332 Hayes st. _^ .
. FACIAL MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method; SOc. M. LUTON. mani-
curtng parlors. 7C4 Larkln «t. : phon* Polk 17.
FURXIUJHE WAXTED. '
A - WOLLPERT. 773 Mission phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
H i£Ji E -? T prlce for furniture and mdse. L. H,
BURP, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt. ; tel. Howard 27M.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 3 parlor maids, $30; 6 second girls,
$L0-?2u-$30; 2 waitresses for country, com-
mercial hotel, fare paid, $25; 2 nurses for old
ladies' home. $20; 3 restaurant waitresses, $S
•week; 4 ursegirls. $20-$25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
COOK, 2 In family, no washing, $35; second
girl, same house. $30; 4 in family. $35. no
washing; 4 German-style cooking, $30-$35.
with and without small washing; cook, 30
boarders, $30; kitchen helper, small hotel,
$20; laundress, private family $30 country;
housework, Mill Valley. $30. no washing:
Alameda, $30, and 55 housework girls for
both city and country, places too many to
advertise. Call to-day, J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter Bt.
WANTED — Young woman as hairdresser,
switchmaker, shampooing, etc., for ladles'
halrdressing place, for Interior city; wages
$10 a week. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sut-
ter st.
A LADY'S maid for one lady, place In the
country, wares $30: a laundress for private
family. 530; a strong young woman to assist
the cook in institution, $20, board and
room; a waitress and second girl for ctun-
try, $30, family of 3 persons; a cook for
a German family, $35; 30 young housework
girls, ¥25 and $20: also a few good plain
cooks at 530, MLSS PLUNKETT, 425 Sut-
ter St., near. Powell.
AT S. F. EMP. BUREAU. 17 Fourth St.—
Young girl for office, city, $15, raise; nur*?-
girl for city, steady place, $20 and found.
Waitress, city, private boardlng-housii.?i:5 I-d. I
Woman, housework, Oakland, $30 anl found.
Girl as companion, some housework, 1 m
family, fine place, city, $30 and found.
S. F. EMP. BUREAU. Phone Grant 2C "
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing,
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
Weet. 233 Geary 6t.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmer.', sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.^r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdrejolng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room !»4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32*4 FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods wrapper.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS/ •
MIDDLE-AGED German or French woman for
general housework; good wages. 533 Bruns-
wick st.
YOUXG girl to assist after school and Satur-
day; two in family; sleep home. 132t5 Fulton
street.
YOUNG girl to learn dressmaking who under-
stands sewing; paid while learning. 432 Te-
hama st.
WANTED — Lady for private detective work;
must bo of good address Apply 227 Taylor
Pt., room 0, 10 to 11 and 1 to 2 to-day.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between » and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
SALESLADY wanted. Apply S. JACOBS. 349
Hayes st.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
lady; good wages. Box 2383, Call office.
WANTED— A mangle hand. Apply U. S.
Laundry, Sixteenth st.. near Valencia. ¦,
GOOD millinery trimmer and experienced
saleslady. 24 Kearny st, v
WANTED — A Klrl for general housework and
cooking; 3 in family. 11(5 Broderlck st.
WET nurse wanted; bring • baby. DU.
EBRIGHT, 606 Sutter St.. 1 to 3 p. m. •
EXPERIENCED ! saleslady for embroideries
and laces. Apply Superintendent's Office,
Emporium. . '
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ladles' neck-
wear. Apply Superintendent's Office. Era-
' porlum.^ __¦
EXPERIENCED saleslady for laces and em-
broideries; good salary -for experienced per-
son; state experience and salary expected.
Address box 2077, Call office.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ladles' neck-
wear; state experience and salary expected.
Address box 207S. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket and skirt al-
teration hands^ Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' '
WANTED--- A woman familiar with toys; good
wages. Apply at SCHLUETER'S, 1158
Washington St.. Oakland. - --V; '
WAITRESS wanted.. 515 Valencia st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes tt 0. m. Wednesday; salary no object,
EDUCATED elderly German Catholic lady as
children's nurse: $3 per week. 1071 Market.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. O: Barrett, Instructor, 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. * . •
~ HELP WANTED MALE.
AT S. ; F. Erop. Bureau, 17 Fourth st. — 2 boiler-
makers,' San Bernardino, ¦ free fare.
Laborers, city ¦ $2 day
WANTED— For U.~. S. army, able-bodied, un-
marrted men, between ages of 2L and 35. cltl-
iens of United States of good character and
temperatn habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For information apply to Re-
cruiting Of llcer. Rialto building. New Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, or Masonic build-
ing, Sacramento. Cal.
A; YOUTH. 15 to IS years old, who has had
good training.' lives at home and desires to
ally himself permanently with a large whole-
sale house to learn the business: neat In ap-
pearance, bright ' and good habits ; ' give ref-
erences in application. ' Box 2907, Call.' . t
WHY pay big prices , to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get ; it done for 25c. 50c
and COc while you r wait "at 063 'Mission it.,
bet. 1st' and 2d sts., or 11 Third st.T '
SMART, . energetic ' boy for large . retail estab-
lishment. W\ & J. SLOANE & CO., 118 Post.
TAILORS— Good pre«ser ..? and repairer at A.
. HULTEN'S. 118 Montgomery ave. ; — . ; ; : '.
¦B-lRST-CL'ASS waiter wanted. 29 Stockton at.25 Hutchlnson S P Co 10 60
25 Giant Powder Con .• 65 00
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 69 25
15 Spring Valley Water Co 38 25
15 Spring Valley Water Co 38 37%
Street—
$2000 S R of C 6s (1905, series B) 103 37%
$2000 S P of C (1906) 104 62%
$500 U S 3s coupon 10S 25
Calif orn ia Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Aeked.
Alma 140
Apollo ' 42
Associated Trust Cert 21
Aztec.....; S5
California Standard.. 11
Caribou 1 00 1 05
• Central Point Con -65
Chicago Crude........ 19 ¦ 21
Claremont ......:.......;:?.- 23 ' ....
Esperanza 150
Four 67 69
Fulton. ;... 4 25
Giant 20
Hanford » .140 0i)
Home . 97% 1 00
Imperial 18 00
Independence 18 17
Junction i ......... ¦ 20
Kern 4 75 5 25
Kern River 13 00
Lion 03 04
Monarch (of Arizona) 48 !
Monte Cristo 80 .....'
Occidental of W. Va 18 20
Oil City Petroleum 27 23
Peerless 13 50
Pittsburg ; 25
Re*d Crude
S F & McKittrick 2 73
San Joaquln & O D 4 50
Senator 65 ......
Sovereign 39 : 40
Sterling 2 70 / 2 90
Superior 04- -- 06 .
Thirtyrthree 7 00 7 50
Toltec 22
Twenty-eight ....' 400
West Shore 2 90 ....;
Miscellaneous Stocks—
Abby Land and Improvement 1 30 150
Alameda Sugar 26,00
American Biscuit 95 00
American District Tel .....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp > ......
Cal Cotton Mills S3 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal' Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust.. 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... . 60 00 '.;...
Chutes Company • 8 00 ¦
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 7 25
Fischer's Theater ..'... 225
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 50
Northern Cal Power ..... 9 00
North Shore Railroad
Orpheum Company 16 25
Pac States Tel & Tel 115 00
Parafflne Palnt...^ 33 00 . ...../•
San Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 00" .....
Sanitary Reduction Works... 1 60 8 00
Sauealito Land & Ferry 16 00 ......
Sperry Flour Company 27 60 80 00
Standard Electric............. :..-.. 19 00
Tesla Coal Company • 32 60
Trucked Electric. IS 25 -
Union Sugar 22 25
United Gas and Electric...... 34 60 .....
Morning Session. ' \
$2000 Associated Bonds... 70
400 Independence 17
100 Home 1 00
.(¦: Afternoon Session.
- Board — ¦ .• ." T 1 •«" •¦
100 Home \ 97%
100 Sovereign 40
Street —
100 Caribou 1 05
Mining Stocks. *
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher ..... 17 100 Mexican .... m
200 Con Cal & V. 96 200 Overman .... 15
500 Con N Y .... 01 200 Potosi ....... 10
100 Crown Point. 12 100 Silver Hill ..63
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 87 100 Crown Folnt. II
300 Con Cal & V. »7 200 Gould & Cur. 20
200 Con Cal A V. V. 200 Potoel ....... CO
600 Con - Imperial... . 03 600 Sierra Nev... 2C
500 Con N Y . .'. . 02 100 Utah ...11
200 Crown '.Point. 12 100 Yellow Jack.. 32
'; :. PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: .
¦ Mornlns Session.
llOOBelcher ....". 18 300 Overman .... 15
200 Caledonia '... 88 200 Potosi 10
200 Con Cal & V. 97 1400 Silver Hill .. 64
1200 Con Imperial.: it! 200 Union Con .. S8
500 Crown Point. .13 200 Yellow Jack.., 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher ..... 1" 200 Potos^ ....... 00
100 Caledonia ... 87 200 Sierra Nev... 26
100 Con Cal & V. 96 200 811ver HU1 .. 55
600 Con J*Y .... 02 100 Sliver Hill;.. 54
300 Crown Point, n 300 Union Con ..37.
600 Gould : &. Cur. 20 300 Union Con . . '38
100 Ophlr ....... .1 40'
- TONOPAH MINING -EXCHANGE.
Followlnsr were ' the sales Von the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
v i ' Mornlns : Session. .: - • ' .\!
600 Draper* ...... 15 100 Montana ;. 112%
6000 Esperanza ... - 02 100 Montana ,...1.10.
500 Hannapah ... 10 1000 Rescue .....;- 05
200 Montana .;.. 1' 05 1000 North Star .. 31
100 Montana ;..l 07% , . :
¦•¦'"-'- ' -Afternoon Session. , -
200 Draper ". . : ... l.VflOOO Montana 1 .1 07%
3000 Eeperanza .:. 02j 100 Nevada Ton.. 4 75
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Nov. IT— 4 p. m.
Bid.-vsk.l . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05'julla 05 ,00
Alta 01 OalJusUce 10 12
Andes ...... 15 ltJKentuck .... 03 ¦ 04
Belcher 16 lS'Keyes - Oraes. — 1 80
Best & Belch.l 30 1 40;Mexlcan ....; W 65
Bullion 07 08 Occidental ..24 28
Caledonia ... 89 90;Ophir 1 35 1 40
Challenge C6n 16 10. Overman- .... 14 '15
Chollar. OS 10 Potosi ....... 00 10
Confidence . • 67 61 Savage -13 15
Con Cal& V. 95 00 Scorpion . .... 01 is;
Con Imperial. 03 04 Seg Belcher.. 07 08
Con N Y. 01 02Slerra Nev .". 28 27
Crown Polnti 11 13,'Sllver Hill ..61 52
Eureka Con..' — 60 Bt Louis • ... • n- _
Exchequer ..• 11 12 Syndicate ..*.*- 04-- 08
Gould & Cur. 20 21 1 Union Con .. 3d 38
Hale & Nor. 42 441UUh ........11 12
Lady Wash . — 04' Yellow Jack.. 31 - 33.
. TONOPAH MINES.
* "Bid. Ask. - - BlLAsk.
Colehan ¦ -. — IS Rescue "¦ 03' 06
Esperanza ; ... 01 . 02 Belmont ...... 90 1 0O
Gold ' Mount. . — 05 Ton & Cal .. 23
Hannapah . .. — 10:Great West. . : — 10
MacNamara . ' OS >/14f Nevada Ton..* 75 5 00
Mizpah Ex... — 22! North 8tar .. '30 31^
Montana -..I 07% 1 1Q, Midway ..!.. -34 37
Paymaster " . . 05 - II 1 United Ton iT. ' — 12
Avers He Had Confidence ot Being
Elected as the Late Cam
paign Developed. -
Franklin K. Lane, Democratic nomi
nee for Mayor at the last election, has
issued a statement explaining the
statement he made regarding his
chances of being elected. Following. Is
Lane's statement:
- . November 17,. 1903. .
To the Editor of The Call: Since my
return to the city I find that a state
ment made by me the day after the elec
tion has been misinterpreted. I then
said that at the time of my acceptance
of the nomination for Mayor I told
friends In my office who were urging me
to accept that I did not believe I could
win. foreseeing a purely class contest
and doubting my ability to make the
public see what I conceived to be the
real Issues^of the campaign.' This state
ment has been misconstrued into an
expression of my belief throughout the
campaign that failure was inevitable.
A re-reading of the statement will show
that no such interpretation is warranted.
As the campaign developed my earlier
impression wore away and I ; came
toward the close to. believe the prospect
of success to be excellent, and this be
lief was shared by all whom I met after
the meeting at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Respectfully. FRANKLIN K. LANE.
Woman Thrown From Car.
Mrs. S. H. Denton, an aged woman
residing at the Renton Hotel, was pain
fully injured by being. thrown from a
Powell street cable car at the turn
table, Powell and Market streets, yes
terday morning. • The grip became
caught and brought the car to* a" sud
den standstill, throwing Mrs. Denton
to the ground. Several other passen
gers narrowly escaped injury. . . "\L
Steamship Gaelic Arrives.
The British steamship Gaelic, Cap
tain Finch, arrived from Yokohama
shortly after midnight this ' morning.
The Gaelic made the trip from Yoko
hama in 29 days 1 hour and 41 minutes,
from Hongkong in 18 days 9 hours and
14 minutes and from Honolulu In 6 days
4 hours and 21 minutes.' She {brings
seventeen cabin * passengers .and, 16S
Asiatics in the steerage, v '; \
King Found Guilty.
Joe King, a former watchman at the
Chinese Theater on .Washington street,
was found guilty of assault with a
deadly weapon in Judge _awlor*s court
last , night. King beat Chan Chung,
one of the proprietors of the theater,
with a club on the night of July 12.
The date of sentence has not yet been
set. ..-,: ;¦;'¦ . .:\::^. :v
_ate Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Tuesday. November 17.
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson. Bowena Landing.
Stmr Montara. Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Nor 17— Br
ship Cortex, from Port Blakeley, for Port
Pirie.
Passed out Nov 17 — Schr Spokane, from Port
Ludlow. for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Nor 17 — Stmr
' Ssquota. hence Nor 13. : • . • •. • ¦
* SEATTLE: — Arrived Nor 17— Stmr Santa
Ana, from Valdez.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov 17— Schr Spo
kane, for San Pedro. i
OCEAN STEAMER.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Nov 18 — 8tmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17. — The report
that President Truesdale of. the Dela
ware. Lacka wanna & Western Railroad
is to retire was denied to-day by Vice
President Loom J 3 of the Lacka wanna.
LANE SAYS STATEMENT " '
WAS MISINTERPRETED
VANCOUVER. B- C., Nov. 17.— Edna
Wallace Hopper, who. — .suing James
Dunsmulr,* former Premier' of British
Columbia, for a declaration that '"the
will of the late Alexander Dunsmulr
should be canceled, will have to give
particulars of the alleged undue influ
ence used over her late mother in the
making of a certain agreement. That
was the decision of the full Court of
Appeals to-day and confirmed the judg
ment of the lower court, where a sim
ilar order had previously been made. .
British Columbia Court of Appeals
Benders Decision in the .. I
•ii"- Du— — roir Case. ¦•* ¦••¦¦'•¦•
EDNA "WAL-ACE HOPPER"
_CUST GIVE PARTICU_ARS
The benefit concert given by St John's
Episcopal choir lasteveningin the Guild
Hall drew a large and enthusiastic au
dience. Besides the members of the
congregation, there were many repre
sentatives from other churches present.
The programme was well arranged,
and? every number received an encore
and some of them , two or three. As a
musical treat it was a gem in- every
particular. Not only were the selec
tions of a high class, but they had the
distinction of being especially well ren
dered. Everybody present enjoyed the
entertainment and on all sides praise
was showered upon the participants^—
praise that was honestly and sincerely
earned.
.The two numbers by the full choir,
under the direction of George R. King,
was given in splendid style and were
received' with the . great enthusiasm
they deserved.
"Wilfred Glenn was in fine voice and
rendered both his selections In capital
style. R.' E. Keene has a big barytone
voice and he knows how to sing. His
song, "Until You Came," was splendid
ly given. Miss Broderick sang "Love
Is a Bubble" most charmingly. Miss
"Weston sang "A Red, Red Rose" most
artistically. The Press Club Quartet
came in for a great meed > of praise
and was compelled to respond to al
most seemingly endless encores. Among
them were "Simple Simon,". "Little
Willie,", "Laughing Gas." "April Fan
tasie"- and "Kentucky Babe.", Miss
King, who was the accompanist of the
evening, was most valuable" in all the
numbers in which she participated. -
The mixed quartet, composed of Mis9
Rose Broderick. soprano: Miss Ruth
Weston, contralto; A. E. McMillan, ten
or, and D. M. Warde, basso, sang ad
mirably. .
The Press Club Quartet consists of
A. E. McMillan, first tenor; R. H.
Hunt, second tenor; George- R. King,
first bass, and R.E. Keene, second
bass. - ¦ ¦¦¦¦'. "• .•• - : * .-. -r;"::>
REDDING. Nov. 17.— In the role of a
friend ot her husband a burglar en-*
tered the home of Mrs. ' S." Evans at
Upton, Siskiyou County, last Wednes-'
day afternoon at 5 o'clock and told her
he came to advise her about investing
money in land. When she produced a
sack containing about $30 the stranger
knocked her ¦ down, grabber the sack,
containing the money, then beat the
prostrate woman into insensibility and
made his escape.
Upton is a thriving little lumbering
town and the Evans home is situated
in .a central location. Evans is em
ployed in the camp . and had not re
turned from his labors when his wife 1
was bo brutally attacked. A knock at
the front door called' her and . as she
opened K she- was. greeted -by a man
well dressed and of polite bearing, but
a stranger. .He gave a fictitious name,
told her he was a friend of the family
and stated that "he came to counsel her
in regard to an investment "she was
really about to make. . .-, ¦ ?
TRff^man gained Mrs. Evans* confi
dence to such an extent that she-went
to a back room -and returned with th*
sack of money. From this she intend
ed to give the man money for his ad -I
vice. As soon as she entered the rooia
he made the attack on her. " .; .. . \;
The people of Upton and vicinity are
greatly wrought up over the affalr.-
Offlcers and a posse of men have, beeni
scouring the country for the robber and*
should he be caught there will be very,
little ceremony regarain'g what, disposi
tion will be made of him. v - '
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sack Containing Coin Stolen
After the Owner Is
Beaten.
Large Audience EDjoys Fine
Programme Well
Rendered.
Stranger Attacks a De-:
fenseless Wife in
Siskiyou. •
Singers of Saint John's
Parish Perform at
Benefit
RUFFIAN TAKES
WOMAN'S MONEY
CHURCH CHOIR
GIVES CONCERT
THE SAIs FBASCJSCO CA'LL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER IS. 1903.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
15
TOYO KfSEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First nn-J
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting ac
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc J»«v
cargo received en board on day of sallinr. '
S. S. HONGKONG. MARU TZ
Thursday. December 3. 1903
8. 8. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
.Wednesday. December 30. 1903
8. 8. AMERICA MARU ....-...*
. Monday. January 23. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market atreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent.
. First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. S>e-_
ond-class to Havre. $45 and upward. CE.N'-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND*
CANADA.' 32 Broadway (Hudson - Building).
New Tork. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coa*t
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco..
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.'
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Eaillng evtry Thursday instead of
Saturday, st 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •aBa_S ¥
North -River. -foot ot Morton street. - '
COXPASinS 6X2TE__ T&AHSATLAimQTIZ
Mar* ' Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m., 3:15 and 9:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday.. 0:43 a. to.. 8:30 p. m. Leava Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:30 and. 6, p. m.. ex. Sunday. San-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cents- Tel.
Main 130$. Pier 2. MUsion-sC dock. HATCH
J j KEAL^^E^ATE--CITY--FOII m SALE.
U HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
in
a Never Bcfcre Were Lots Sold «o Fast!
1* Why? Because they are choicest and cheapest.
id tlCO to $1200 — K\cry lot graded for building;
r- fronting boulevard, park, ocean and cars; un-
y. obstructcj ocean view from every lot; don't
iz miss this opportunity for bargains; aee them
,n to-cay;'eaty terms.
$75 to f300— Near park and ocean; Jo
- monthly.
~ Cce&nside Dranch Office on 49th ave. and K
st. Opvn Sundays.
' ; $500 to S10CKV— New Iota in S-Jr.yet District:
« graded and sewered; near cars; $10 monthly.
4> Sunset Dranch Office on 9th ave.. Near II *t.
5 " $150. ?2<?0 and S3C0— Level Excelsior Home-
1( * ctead lots; near electric cars; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1100. $3500 and J0000 — «. 5. 6 and 8
room modern cottages and houses in Sunset.
n ~ I Richmond. Oceanslde ar.il Excelsior Home-
'd'ttesd: All bargains! Esty term6.
al
'<* 6OL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers,
se Room 54. Chronicle Building.
0
Tj0 MODEIIN cottages; finished complete with
'• every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
*; 4 rooms — J2900.
1(1 6 rooms — S.'CSO.
r ' 5 rooms^ — f-'&OO.
_ 1 <5 rooms — $:?CO0. ,
r . j 7 rooms— $4Uk>. /
1 '¦ \ S rooms— $4600.
I* Located on First and Second ave.. bet.
- I Geary and McAllister rt cars and one block
n. ) north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
n ' JCSEI'H STRATR. CIO Market 8t.
- I $2100 — Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin sts. ;
I- new cottaue of 4 rooms, bath and basement;
good location ft r grccery: $300 down, $13 month.
"" $1730 — Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
I' basement: $3CO down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
I tt.. rear TwentyJflfth.
1" j Bt'ILD en your unimproved realty: we loan
L full crvtt improv. and part lot at 0 per cent,
rt MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
b. FINE Income flats en Fulton, nr. City Hall;
10 I reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton «t., owner.
_ ; FOR *ale — SE. corner of Virksburg and Elit-
L I abeth; lot r.Px!14: $2400. 25-ifi Howard at.
e. j » — 1
- I I'OIXT KICHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
e I WATER front lots an.i bargains; all tracts;
L> maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
" j HEAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
' I SANTA~CLARA COUNTY HOMES. .
" ! "0 acres adjoining town; best land, barn and
„ ; fences; S-'iOiiO. 10 acres, all in pruaea, apricots
" { and peaches; good buildings; complete; $4500.
Other oiaces 5 to CoO acres.
PETERSON REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st
ALFALFA lands, stock ranche*. orcharda.
u ! vineyards; inspected bargains ; monthly cata-
1 j legcea eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
r \ Market et.
e 1 FOR sale — A house of 4 rooms, with 2 lota.
n each 00x70 feet, in a town In Sonoma County.
» 1 For particulars apply at Call office.
:| BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
- 1 — _____^_____
• BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
- I BARGAIN — (J-room house, bath, pantry, » city
i \ water, stationary tubs; stable; large, lot; good
- | location; 1 block to electric cars; 3 blocks to
3 I It. R. station, etores. school and church;
price $210"); terms. $100 caeh,' balance $18
" j monthly.
-I O. A. RUDOLPH.
: I Open Sunaays. Lorln Station.
f A BEAUTY; new 5-room cottage, large hall,
f- bath, pantry, folding doers, pretty mantel,
pas and electric lights, fixtures, shades, city
water, latest plumbing, stationary tubs;
street wcjk all done; only 1 block to R. R.
*taticn and electric cars; price $2250; terms,
r $150 cash, balance $20 monthly.
O. A. RUDOLPH-.
Open Bundayg. Lorln Station.
r A HOME in Berkeley; new and ud to date;
location the very b<-st; small cash payment,
remainder installments less than rent. 8. F.
and S. Home-building Society. 70S Market
Ft.. San Francisco.
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
' OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
'- OAKLA\D ROO31S TO LET.
.' j VEXDOMH AND GRAND HOTELS,
W534 Washington and 510 Ninth sts.. Oak-
land: furnished rooms en suite or single, with
I or without board; special rates to families.
1 f^^ — — — — — — — — — »— . —^»«—
. OAKLAXD FITRXITLRE FOR SALE.
' j TO-MORROW the day for bargains in "furnU
• j lure. H. Scheilhaas. 11th st..cor.Btore.Oaklnd.
; Mill Valley Advertisements.
• MtLt,_JVALLEY JttEAL^E STATE.
. 1 VILLA sites and improved property; dairy
• i ranches ; Cushinc and Stetson tracts. For
" I information apply to sole agent for lands T.
1 ! L. & W. Co.. LOUIS L. JANES, real estate.
" ! Hayward bulld'r.e. 4%8 California Rt.
- 1 ¦ ¦
IIOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
. BIRCK. 615 — Three good unfurnished rooms
; for housekeeping; $7. Apply 642 Grove st.
FILBERT, ?2G— 2 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; rent $11; no children.
"j FOURTEENTH. 72C. north of Market— House-
! 1 keeping rooms; cart-ets new.
. j GEARY place. 2, off Geary at., nr. Taylor — 2 j
. I sunny furniihed rccma for housekeeping. ¦
; GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1042— Parlor floor of 4 |
' ! rooms, furnished; use of piano; conveniences
,. j cf entire flat; eunny and pleasant.
I JACKSON, 1517 — 2 eunny housekeeping rooms.
• J JONHS, 117 — One. two or three sunny house-
\ I ker-pirg rocrna; reasonable.
j MCALLISTER, &07— Nicely furnished sunny i
j room, laundry, yard; German family; $5 mo.
¦ HUSSION. S5C — 2 sunny front furnished house-
kpg rooms; running water; rent reasonable.
i MODEL HOUSE. 1206 Stockton st.— Newly fur^
r.lshfd rooms. ?5-$I2; bath, gas, phone.
noDsckpjr Room*— Apartm't Houses.
; THE Frederick, 001 Stanyan. opp. Park — Furn.
apartments; prt. bath; steam heater; Janitor.
KOOM3 TO LET-HOTELS.
TO BE OPENED IN A FEW DAYS.
A NEW HOTEU
HOTEL ORIENTA (European plan), 140
Maecn St.. bet. Eddy and Ellis. A new brick
building in the heart of the city, cloee to
principal restaurants, theaters and retail
stores; magnificently furnished rooms, elngle I
end en suite; hot and cold water; baths;
electric lights: steam heat; telephone in
every room, and an all-night elevator service.
First-class Hammam baths In connection.
Rates very reasonable. Secure rooms early.
I ¦ ¦ * i I
noo.MS TO LET — Farn. and Cnfaro.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No 1
Fifth «t.)— Rooms. 2Pc. &0c, $1. $1 60 night;
$1 r.o to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
r.'.shed rooms, suite, elngle; also unfurnished.
I CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. near Golden Gate ave.
Bunny front rooms; all conveniences; sulta-
ble for 1 or 2; $10. -
GLEN PARK ave.. 26— Two furnished rooms
to le^ one front, one rear.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
¦ to $1 SO night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room. .
HYDE. 810. near Sutter— A Urge sunny fur-
nlsced room. $10; also small room. $8.
JESSIE. CC3. east U. S. Mint— Furnished room. '
$'i per month; for 2. $3.
LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat— Sun-
ny elngle room. ¦" .
MARKET. 933. the "La Paloma." next door
Hale a — Nicely furnished rooms from $2 up,
OAK, 20— Furnished eunny front rooms for
man nr.<i wife or 2 gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reaaing-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 60; week $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water;' baths.
STEVENSON, 522, near . Sixth— Nicely fur-
r.ssJit-j sunny front room; grate; respectable
gent; $0.
THB COUB-TT-AND. 42 Turk st.; tel. Howard
-5>1«; neatly furnished rooms, suite & single;
transient solicited. Mrs. M. Balrd, prop. •
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy et.. near Market— J
4rt) single scd family rooms; 3.V to $1 night:
$1 .5 to $3 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage.
REDDING. Nov. 17.— Every nlckel-fn-
the-slot machine In Slsson has been put
out of action and all gambling has stop-
ped as a result of the late order of Dis-
trict Attorney —uttrell that the recom-
mendations of. the Siskiyou County
Grand Jury should be carried out and
upheld by the law. ' ¦ , ¦
j(ii<r r^v * Steamers leaVe Saa Fran-
/s^Js-Wj^ Cisco as follows:
/&2_. _ Xrf\ For Ket chlican. Wrangel.
/4/ TO?Q4_ '""A Juneau. Halnea. Skagway.
I I V_»a I 1 etc. Alaska— 11 a. cv. Nor.
\ I VPt tfflt, 1 7. 12, 17. 22. 27 Dec. 2.
Vf>\ \\ ~ yO'/ Change to company s steam-
V^tvV-^^y ers at Seattle.
X^>f s»V5^- For Victoria, Vancotr»w.
— •<.' - • Port Townsend.- Seattle. .Ta—
coma, Everett, Wbatco_i-ll a. m.- Var. T.
12 17. 22. r:. Deo, ' Z— Change at BeattlV t»
this company's steamers far Alaska and O. N.
Ry.; at Seattle or" Taconm to'If. IVRy.f'at
Vancouver to C. P,.By. _. ...V
For Eureka (HmnbdUtt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nor. ft. 12. 13. 24. 30. D«c. «; Corona,
1:30 p. _.. Nor. 9. 13. 2*. 27, Deo. 3. ;
For Los Acgeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego ¦ and Santa' Barbara-
Santa Rosa. ' Sundays,* ft a. m. /
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. rn. ; .'
For Los Angeles- (via 8an Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Ctus. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos/ Port Harford" (Saa
Luis O.bispo). Ventura and Hueneme. - --• • #
Coos Bay.' 0 a. _.. Not. ».. 17, 23, Dec 3. ,
Bonlta. 8 a, m.; Novt i. IK tl: —>. Dec.-T.
For Ensenada.. Magdalena Bay. fm Jos* d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salla. Guayxnas '(_«_). 10 a. m.. 7th o£ e*3l»
month. " * - - •
For further Information -obtain -folds*.-- ' '
Right Is. reserved to charge steamer* or tail-
ing date*. _¦;•••* - * "
TICKET O7FICXS — ? New Montgom-
ery atreet (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aad
Broadway wharves. -" • v - ~ * .j;
Freight office. 10* Market street--. *.»- ?N .-
C D. DUNANN. Oeneral Passenger Agent.
10 Mark»t street. Sari Franciscan
. KOO5IS TO LET — -Furn. and Unfarn.
VAN NESS. 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
VAN NESS ave.. 700— Sunny front basement
suite and kitchen; also 2 rear basement rms.
! VENDOME and Grand Hotels. 9o5>4 Washlng-
• ton *t. and 510 Ninth et. — Furnished rooms,
I en suite or single, with or without board.
3 s t >ecta j. ratea to families.
WASHINGTON, 1402 — Two nice sunny front
rooms; bath; with or' without board: reas.
•> - — — - — — ————__—_____
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
C 35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;'
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
: ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
• ROOMS AND DOARD. \
- ""^ HoTEtrSALTlMOuSr' n '" J>Jk '
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST
AMERICAN PLAN.
3 PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
BPECT.'.L RATES BY MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
MARTINET, 1101, Geary, cor. Van Ness—
Chansed hands; rooms single and suit; fam-
ily hotel; table board.
1 STEVENSON mansion. 807 California at. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
RCO51S WASTED.
3 OR 4 unfurnished housekeeping rooms; no
basement rooms; N. of Geary. Box 29S4, Call.
• ! * M **^ Mw^^^^ — —
j STITTEHIXG AXP _ S T:V 1IMERING -
' MELBOURNE School, Van NessOlarket— Cur»i
: j in every case; individual teaching; no medl-
• cine. Inquire into wonderful cures -.home cure.
\ "- PROPOSALS.
[ NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS.'
: office of the board of state har-
; bor Commissioners, Union Depot and Ferry
House, San Francisco, California. Novem-
ber 16. 1903.
- Sealed prop^ala or bids will be received at
this office at or prior to 2:15 o'clock p. m.
' ; on Wednesday, December 23. 1903. for the
construction of a section of seawall and
wharf along same to be located between
; King and Channel streets on the water
front of the City and County of *San Fran-
I Cisco, In accordance with the 'plans and
specifications prepared therefor by the Chief
Engineer of the Board and adopted by the
Board Aujrust 27, laoa, and on tile in, this
j office, to which special reference is hereby
g made. The work to be done under these
specifications consists In furnishing all ma-
terials and labor for constructing and erect-
ing a etone seawall with end embankments
and a wharf. It is estimated that the sea-
wall and end embankments will contain
about 90.000 tons of stone; the wharf will
I contain 36.060 square feet of wharf sur-
face. This eectlon of the seawall will ex-
tend from the Intersection of the northerly
line of Channel street (prolonged easterly)
with the water front line, six hundred (600)
feet northerly alone said water front line.
! The materials to be used for the construc-
tion of the seawall and end embankments
will consist of stone not subject to decom-
| r*«lt!on nor disintegration by the action of
sea water or sir.
• Two classes of stone will be recognized.
The flret class will Include etone"> of one or
• more cubic feet in fair assortment of sizes
. between one and four cubic feet; no objec-
tlon will be made to Etone larger than four
I cubic feet; this class of stone must be free
: 1 of seams and marked lines of cleavage.
The second class will include stone of less
than one cubic foot, in assorted rtzea, but
no stone less than five pounds will be ac-
: cepted at the quarry.
, The materials for the construction of the
wharf will consist of the requisite quantl-
r ties of first class, close grained, Douglas
; yellow fir piles and yellow fir lumber (mer-
chantable quality), wire rope, wrought iron
bolts, epikee, etc., all of the best quality
and subject to a rigid examination.
No bid -will be received unless it is made
on a blank form furnished from this office
; and is accompanied by a certified check for
five per cent of the aggregate amount of
the bid, payable to the order of the Secre-
; tary of the Board, as a guarantee on the
part of the successful bidder that he will
within six (6) days after the acceptance of
the- bid enter Into a written contract to do
cald work, according to the plans and spec-
ifications prepared therefor, and will also
execute and file with this Board a bond in
such sum as the Board may deem adequate
with a mirety company, to be approved by
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
and conditioned for the faithful performance
of such contract: nor will said bid be con-
sidered by this Board unless delivered to the
secretary or to the assistant secretary, at
the cfflce Qf the secretary, at or prior to
2:15 o'clock p. m. on Wednesday, Decem-
ber 23. liKtt, at which time and place the
bids will be ooened. ¦
The Board reserves the right to reject any or
an bids if deemed for the best interest of
the State. .
Bidders are Invited to be present at the open-
ins of the blda.
CHAS. H. EPEAR.
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
J. D. MACKENZIE.
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON. Chief Engineer.
JOHN M. FOY. Secretary.
j BIDS will be received by the Uniform Board.
National Guard of California, at the office
• of the Adjutant General, Sacramento, Cal..
up to noon of December 18, 1003. for furnish-
ing and delivering 3740 dress coats and 3340
caps, new regulation, for th* National Guard
of California. Forms of bids and all in-
formation connected therewith can be ob-
tained on application to Lieutenant Colonel
FRED J. H. RICKON. Div. Q. M., recorder
of the board, room 236, Phelan building, San
Francisco, Cal.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Nov. IS, 19ft3.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. December IS. l!>03. and
i then opened for construction of a brick hoa-
i pital (including plumbing, gas piping and
heating) at Fort McDowell, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids in whole or In part. Information fur-
nished qn application to WM. S. PATTEN
Asst. Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M. '
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~~~
( The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
George Fahey, 27, St. Louis, Mo., and Ella
R. Waters. 24, Kansas City, Kans.
Frederick L. von Husen, 20. 633 Larkln
street, and Emma Buchel, 20. 873 Filbert Gt
Armand O. Lenhart, 22, 22." Jersey street*
and Lucille O. Holman, 21. 217 Franklin «t'
Charles Gulllet. C7, 005C Larkin street and
1 Marguerite Froidevaux, 3.\ 005C Larkin street
Charles Canavan. 33, New York City, and
j MinnlQ Souders, 2T>, Stockton. III.
Frank P. Merrill, 45. Corning. "and Sadie E
Whitmoyer. 32. Charlevolx, Mich.
R. Louis Jennees. 32, Oakland, and Pearl
Dwyer. 19, Oakland.
Wallace D. Embree, 46, 1523 Bush street,
and Ida Reed, 27. Covlnjrton, Ky.
Aloyslus F. Good, 26, 224 Lobos avenue and
Olive M. Bolesworth, 22. 201 Plymouth street
James Irving. 50. I502H Stockton street and
Mary I. Bosquet, 40, 15C2>4 Stockton street.
Amerigo V. Casclll. 24. 3 Magner place, and
Silvia V. Dondero, 20. 80S Montgomery av»nue.
George T. Miller, 23, Bkyland, and Jessie E.
Sobey. 25, city.
Leonhard Leoffler. 25, 4058 Eighteenth street,'
and Elizabeth Stoesser, 19, 272 Guerrero street
Le Roy Alvord, 41. 404 Third atreet, and
Alma K. Weber. 29. 404 Third street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted (Imply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. -V'.'ri'
BORN.
CIPRICO — In this city. November 17, ¦ 1903 to
the wife of H. H. B. Ciprlco. a son.
CLINE— In this city, November 16, 1903 to.
the wife of Joseph V. Cllne. a daughter.
married!
HTJGGIXS— MAURER— In this city. November
15, l»03, by the Rev. F. R. Earl, Gilbert
Bruce Huggins and Kathrine Christine Mau-
rer, both of San Francltco.
JOHNSON — ANDERSON — In this city * at the
Lutheran Ebenezer Church parsonage' by the
Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius, Johns H. John-
i>on and Emma Anderson. *
UHTE— NTBERG— In this city. November 8 :
1903, at the Lutheran Ebenezer Church par-
sonage, by the Rev. Dr. C. J. E. Haterius
Charles Uhte and Emily Nyberg.
_____ _
. Ahern, John M. Llparl, Joseph
Anderson, Robert McAllster, Marguer-
Arnott, Isabella M. . tte E. •
¦ Bayuk, Frank : ; ¦ McDonald, Elsa C
.Becker, "Walter Moore, Newton C.
"Berryesea, Josephine O'Hare, Annie O. .
Burnett, Dwlght J. Reuter, - Mollie
Childs, Rose E. Rof, Ernest •¦ - ¦
Coghlin. Michael C. Spink, George W.
Dollein, Adam L. Sullivan, Annie '
Dutton. Robert ¦ Thorn, . George P.
Frey, Edward, W. Van Bergen! Howard
Genth. Charles F. '¦' ' -. Varni. Raymond M. .
Goldberg. Solomon Wells, Tina E. >
Johnson,- Nicol , Wllz, Susie A.
Landry, Rose M.
AHERN— In this city. November' 16. 1903,
John M.. beloved . husband of Anne Ahern.
and father of Mary A. and Agnes J. Ahern
of San Francisco and J. W. Ahern cf Ba-
RENT a. pi*a o 2c , r j 3 per r .. cn th; v.-e allow si*
mcr.ihs' rental of the purchase price if you
to bay; rhiB pivts you six months" trial
• cf the infctrument for rJothlns; If the riann
rer.tt-d (*r-*s not R uit we allow the rental on
any Instrument in cur *torc-s; with such gooJt
Bm» McPhail of Bcftcn. the Schiller and
*WB make to select from we can jruar-
• *at:sfacticn to rvery one in quality,
and tcrmi. B*e t.he £ci>tt-Curtai
3U." the eaiallest full seal* ruico in Sa_i
Cisco. BOOTT-CUBTA2 PIANO CO..
l'-C4 lit yes tt.
:rrtfhu en c-r bargain slate to-day—
rd. J'JS- Fttener. tX: Sherman & Hyde
Wfber *<".•>• Klrnbail. 5115: Mansfield A
i. ¥125- l!a;r,..«. Sl.VJ; Am<T;raa, $113
k-ring. M<7: Kr.itrson. $172: Miller,
; 2 Steinways, large ar.d email size. |UJ
?2»0- Heir.e larE*- style, s'.ightiy used,
Reuts *- »;¦¦ :i -' lv on Purchase; in-
rr.er.t? *4 up. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-
Seary ft.: Oifciand branch, Fifteenth and
Broadway. <"'! d v - °- Bid «- Largest exclu-
e!ve wholfFa'<e and r-tail dealers of the \Vest.
T-'XTIL December 1 we rhall offer Fpecial in-
ducementi 10 rafh buyers on all rlanos an<!
Fms.ll ei 0 'a now in stock. We are s|>ecia
•gtats for the celebrated Behr Bros, and
Baumeleter P'* 30 *- Ka!! > r 1 aynoents for those
«h<. c-*:r. - '•«•: and tee. THE ZENC
MAI " \VA___ Mr ° IC co • "C3 Market st.
A FIXE lot of *rr <~nd -hand uprights from J.V
up :r.c!udinp =uch mjces as Chlckertng
. Vow Kroetrer. Curtai. Kirkham. Pease
Kar^rr.ar). Marshall & Wendell, Baus and
; others. BKM. CURTAZ & SON. 10 OFax
tell rt. No branches in .San Franciejo.
13ANI» instruments; F. Bcsscn. Paris, tnak«-r
Ous Maif.ald. Apt. Pac. Coast. 273 O'Farrel!
• tkiliful repairing: 2d-har.d instruments sold.
A MASSIVE solid walnut case Kstey org-an,
t«. «, t ir.ks of key* and pedal bass; cost ST.'O
>i ur can price.. BOWERS & RON. 11 Mascn.
ALMOST new upr!zfct; cheap: cash or Install-
r.'.er.t. EOHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister st.
I'.KAUTIFUL 3-pedaJ Steinway uptight piano;
. perfect crx>r; t-aerlflce. Keege'«,2S5 O'Farrel!.
A RARE chance; a Ilornung Brr>s." upright;
l'.tt'.e U5<d: ir.ust be euld. 216 McAllister st.
tlmcdeeswd storage pianos and furniture diri
cheap. Whltehead Storage. 1C*5 Market st.
BCHMER, Byron Mauzy piar.^s. <>:i'.ian piano
t layer. BYRON MAUZT. 8W-3H Hcst tt.
tlPCRIOR v'.o'.ins. zithers. Did and new. II.
&IUI.I.ER. maker. r*r<airer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pagrs. sent to any addresa in the
Vnited Bta'.es cr Carada cr.e year for $1,
r<ift£«:» paid.
OI'FICES AM) STORKS TO LET.
STORE T.ith larce tasr>a«rj; below Keam7
ft.: r*nt ?.?o. Arrly *V>C clay gt.. room 1.
»'KHSO\AI.S.
¦A SPECIAL hAtE
11. ELLA HARRIS.
To a!l whom I have ir.ade 1 rices t^ cmce Jan.
3. IDGi. and fr>r the eitfu'.r.g So days orly. I will
xr.ake a liberal reductiv-n from aJl for my
epecial and inimitable deep-wrinkle treatment.
The JaiJy m-ho has 1-efn en exhibition for some
tfir.e pat-t in the crueetGre windowa may be seen
*t n-.y c'fice this week from 10 to 5, In order to
•ceomiEodate th^s* who have requested to ex-
•imir.e the face mere thoroughly in private.
I teach By profession. M. EL1*A HARRIS.
"7M ft., near Larkln.
THK Star Hair Reir.^cly restores fray hair. !n-
jroies its growth. etcps falling, cures dandruff
and Itching pca'.p; no etain or stickiness;
el^snses scalp ;at druBElsts". hairdressers" ; ac-
cept r .o Eubstltute. Ftar Remedy Co.. 1338 Po!k
ttTHlKKLHS and all facial blemishes removed
by rre-v Parisian method: superfluous hair re-
mo\f<l by electrolysis: lessor-p given in man-
ic^rir.g: terms r«*sj*onabie. MME. H. EAST-
, WOOD. r. 7(5.'. Alto h:ig.. Bush and Kearny.
KOT hew cheap btit how goo>I is the motto of
• the manufacturers of the . Rspid Rotary.
Ftandard the fewitig-rr.achln* of to-day. J.
• 'W. EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 35 rears' experience, cares per-
rr.anertly mcrphine. cocaine habit. Call or
*ddr»>p* Central Pharmacy £51 Grant ave.,
corner f-utur st. ; fee moderate.
HAVING l»rt my wife I am not responsible for
eny debts or cV.Ieatlons ccctracted by her.
R. H REDMOND. 4f« Greenwich »t^
DRl'NKENNESS. morphine and all drugs dia-
***»¦? positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S.T9 Polk et. ; consultation fre*; call or write.
AT !»ss thsn coct. uncaKed fcr su'.ta. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LTONS', Lon3oa
Tailor. 721 Market st.
" CATARRH, asthma and bronchial troubles
cured s: CMS*; ft«e trfcatment for one week-
Addr^rs Er rire >fKj!c:ne Co.. 707 Minna «t.
l.IQT'OR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
C-uartnteeJ. Acrce U<jaor Cure Co.. S3" Mir-
kf-t ft., txktu ~0.t.
ELEGANT BQlta or. easy ImtaSmcBta: E0 cents
c-d -jp per treek. LEON LEMOS 1127
Mcrtct Et . bet. Seventh tnd Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
. <lcy cvf?., Teutohia Hall. Howtrj st.. nr.
Sth; Fro'. Foster; society dancing taught.
.ANDERSON — Elegant theatrical ari masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farre'.l et.
FT'ITS to .order en installmeRt*'. II per week.
Neuhaus &. Co.. merch. tailors. 727-723 Market.
hVfXJUfTJDOCK hair & mo!es removed hy elec-
ittrlC needle. Dr. & Mra. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE betl p!ft£e to buy good umbrellas or
tave them covered cr repaired is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 BO; cref s pants J2 M.
r '¦:•_.' Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MAEQUERADE costHicea. play bocka. wigs
conr.try crdcrs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 753 Mktl
ALFREDrU'E Errxtlan Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; tl ; at a!! druggists'.
FuperEaou* hair and mc'.es removed w'th elec-
tric r.er<*?«». Mrs & yi5g Eaton, ma gutter. '
PALMrSTUY.
ill-E. DEVAE, ecientlfic palmist and astrolo-
gi»t; talrn readings $1; a questions by ex-
press, fjl ; <ipen Tu«day ere. also. 139 Pest st
11ME. NEE-RGAARD has mwed to her new
¦ ti'dr., '242 Po«t;phone James I; mall readings.
I > ROF.V.-ALKER.palmi£t,medijm,tflls cf love.
ci&rriage.law.busir.eFti.etc. 835ViHoward,r. 9.
H. JEROME FCSELLI. 6Ci*ntif.c palrnist. 115
t Taylor Ft., near O>ary. Pfaor.e Black &G1.
l'.\PEnHAXCl.\G. I»AI\TI>O. CTC\
K*X)MS pjiperff-d. SS CO up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Pa'.rt Co.. SI9 3d St.: tel. Main 413.
I PnVSICIAXS AJfD StnGEO.\S.
33h. C. C. O'DON'XELL— CfSce and residence.
• 1U2H$ Market et.. bet. Cth ar.a 7th: parUca-
• lar attention paid to diseasea of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectai dleeabea a epeclalty.
DR. BALL. 1O73H Market st.
RE1!O\-ED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
part four years at 115-117 Meson; now Io-
catcd at e?7 G^ary rt.. near Leavenworth.
X>R- TX3NO PO CHY. e-jcewsor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, curea all discuses of humtn
by u«e cf her}>s and teas. 727 Washington st.
X5R- H- C. WONG, 719 Poet «t.; all diseases
cured by Chinese hTbs; conrultaticn free.
WONG WOO. the ran-.oui h-rb doctor— All dU-
eages cured by Chinese herbs. 7*6-8 Pay St.
SPECIAL NOTICES^ '
•TfiE adjourned annual aceting O f the lot
owners cf the Odd Fellows' Cemetery Asso- I
elation wl)l b* he!d at the office of the a»-
foclatlon on FRIDAY. November 20, 1SG3 at
J*:30 a. rn.. for ruch business as' may' be
1'gally brought before it. By order cf the
XSo&rd of Directors.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
CR. W. H. LAMB, .who formerly occupied of-
fices !n the !%>ring Valley building. 1* now
mcklns; a pp^dal study of electro therar^»u-
tifg ia Chicago and will coon return to San
Frnr.risrc tf> t^Ve up »ls frirmer praftice. |
SKWIVG MACHINES ASDSrpPLIES.
NEW HOME aewlr.g machine; thla we7k~cnTy- I
*J°. tlS. 120; ellfhtly used: needles 20c d&z.
NEV.' HOME f. M. CO.. :ir.l Market «t.
— — SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAKN'ESS and JCoisSVn EARS
poc'.tlvely cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
rr.er.t frw. ir> r . Ccttinghain. 204 Sutter st.
• STORAGE A3fD WAJtEHOl'SES.
A—^MPORiriTl^cragV & Van Co?T7urnitur»r
houeehold gcods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
. .31 Howard ft., nr. Third; phone Grant lei.
PIERCE-RODOi.p;: storage ft Moving: Co., of-
nee Poyt and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CQNKLIN'S Etomgre— Furr.lture and roerchan-
q^e. 333 G<;ifi<-n Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 810
.Mlyyicfn ft.; tel. Howard Ml. F. W. Zehfttsa.
PACIFIC Ftorage ar.fl Furnitur* Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmcre E t.; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKEVS Van and Storage Co. 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main imp. Shipping at cut rates.
JT*^\VaiTERS~AXD SUPPLIES.
VKAT BARGAINS IN' TYPEW^rrERS^We
r *>\\ better machinea for less money than any
nous* in the city; rental* $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California; telephone Main 2C8.
K FK\V good typewriters at $:« each; refpar-
tlciilars. L. ic M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gorcery rt.
ED-HAND typewriters? ro'.i. rented repaired.
wtUtcr Tji-ewriter lnti.ee. Co.. 60S MarkeC
Sullivan and Mrs. Ed Gibeau, a - native of
' County Armagh. Ireland, aged 56 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ' the funeral • to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock; from her late
residence, 23 Minna street. - thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her.
soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery." . .. '- *•»
THORN— In Alameda, November 17. 1903.
George Parry. Thorn, son of J. P. and A. M.
Thorn, and brother of Mrs. J. W. Sloan, and
I Clayton L. Thorn, a native of California,
aged 21 years 11 months and 29 days.
ICFuneral services at the chapel of Oak-
land Crematory Wednesday, November 18. at
2:30 o'clock. • •rfvJt-* •
VAN BERGEN — In this city. November 17.
* 1903. Howard Hooper, son of JohnW. and
the late Harriet McLeod Van Bergen, in his
eighteenth year. . . . •¦ •
E7FuneraI services will be held at the
family residence. San Mateo. Thursday,- at
11:30 o'clock. Special train leaves Third and
Townsend streets at 10:15 o'clock, returning
at 12:30. o'clock. Interment private. .« ,
VARNI— In this city. November 16.' 1903, Ray-
mond Martin, dearly beloved son of Fred R.
and Alvira Varnt* and beloved brother of
Edward J. and Margaret Hazel Varnl.- and
beloved grandson of Bartholomew Varnl. and
Mr. Martin and Mrs. Gesomlna Landucci.
and of the late Margaret Varnl, a native of
San Francisco, aged ¦ 2 years 6 months and
14 days. .
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, notified that the funeral will take
place on Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, from his
parents' residence, 888 Greenwich atreet. In-
terment New Italian Cemetery.
WELLS— In Oakland. November 17. 1903, Tina
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Frederick and
Elizabeth Wells, a native of San Francisco,
aged 26 years 9 months and 29 days.
in7"Funeral services Thursday, November
10, 1903. at 9 o'clock, at the Church of St.
Francis de Sales. Interment private.
WILZ— In this city. November 18, 1903. Susie
A., beloved daughter of John and the late
Anna Wilz. and beloved sister of Peter and
Theodore Wllz, a native of California, aged
49 years. ,
CARD OF THANKS. '
SEEGER— We herewith desire -to express our
heartfelt thanks to the many kind friends,
and esDeclally the officers and members of
Gambrinus Verein and Bottlers* Union No.
293, who gave so many evidences . of their
very sincere and comforting sympathy and
beautiful floral offerings during the sad hpura
of our bereavement of loving husband and
father, Emil Seeger.
PAULINA SEEGER and Children.
&^ !&«&* &Tfei K&Tfe 1 bbL^
.J3fc Dr.R.LWalsli
kn reitnsd dent*! jr»eUt»
/H /^Vl* ' »> nil ftna«r tflcts
«& P 847 Ce^ry St
rirt:t"y •¦atliU SaraUga Htll
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . . . . . 25c
fillings . . . . ...... \ 50c
Crowns ... . . . . $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $25.00
tool roa this ad. iach otexb cat.
C7"Funeral private Friday. November 20
at 2 o'clock, from the residence of his
parents, 3100 Washington street
O'HARE— In this city. November 17, 1903
Annie Grace, beloved dauzhter of Eugene
and Catalinl O'Hare, a native O f San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months.
REUTER— In Monterey. Mexico. November 16 '
1903, , Mollie,' dearly beloved wife of Henry
Renter, mother' of Gladys Reuter, sister- of
Charles Brabandt, and beloved daughter of
Mrs. Annie and the late Charles Brabandt. a
native of California, aged 30 "years. t .
ROF— In the City and County Hospital No-
vember 16. 1903. Ernest Kof, a native -of
. Germany, aged 65 years. - (
SPINK — In Oakland. November 17, 1003
George W. Sslnk, beloved husband of Llllle
G. Splnk, , end father cf Alllne O. and
George W. Splnk, a native of Ohio, aged 35
years 6 months and 6 days.
SULLIVAN— In this city.: November 16. 1903
Annie, beloved wife of Daniel Sullivan, and
loving mo^er of William D. and John J.
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.) i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNEBAL DIRECTORS AND .EMBALMERS
,20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
...... , .-•.¦¦ Telephone South 80. . : • :
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. " Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
Formerly In MetroDolltan Temple,
Now at 8bC MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth , and Fifth, , near Fifth st.
¦ Finest. Equipments . at Moderate ; Rates. :.
.James McGinn." -:• ' . Henry Hansen.
james McGinn & ,ca;
.. Formerly .With; McGinn Bros..
¦ — —Funeral Directors and Embalmers.——
• : , ; St.: Tel. Sonth 576. -
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 69 Norfolk street. Interment pri-
vate In Holy Cross Cemetery.
McDONALO — In this city, November 15 1903
Elsa C, beloved wife of Richard H. McDon-
- aid, and mother of Alex B. and Ollbia M.
Charlton, a native of Heidelberg, Germany'
(ETFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, at 10:30 o'clock, at her late
residence,. 2C1 Pierce street. Interment pri-
vate. Kindly omit flowers. ¦¦¦ : ;-z- r -
MOORE— In ' this city, November 14 1903
Newton Cadwell. beloved and only son of
Charles C. and Lillian May Moore, a native
of San Francisco, aged 7 years 9 months
and 7 days.
ip-The funerarwill take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o clock. fro m the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty 4 Green ¦ 1171
Mission . street. Interment private, ' Holy
Cnws Cemetery.
McALISTER— In this city, November 17 1903
Marguerite E.. beloved daughter of William
and Nora A. McAllster. sister of Mary A
Ella T.. Ethelln and Josephine M McAlls-
ter, and niece of Mrs. J. j. Smith and T
Leahey. a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years 10 months and 20 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late
residence, 8 Adalr street, off Howard be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to St
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LIPARI— In. this city, November 17, 1903 Jo-
seph Ltpari. an old pioneer of California
beloved ; husband of Santa LiDarl, and dear
father of Sister Mary de Sales. Mrs Dora
Perklnson, Harry Llpari and the late Abra-
ham Llparl and Matilda Llparl, a native of
Italy, aged 73 years 3 months and 13 days
(Palermo, Italy, Prescott, Ariz., New York
City and New Orleans, La., papers please
copy.) .
C7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker A Lunt. 2666 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
thence to St. • Peter's Church for services,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GOLDBERG — In this city, November 17, ijCtt,
Solomon Goldberg, beloved husband of Rachel
Goldberg, and father of Mrs. J. Israel, Mrs.
F; Stamper, Mrs. G. Lewenthal, Aaron Gold-
berg of Hanford and Charles and Henry
Goldberg, a native of ! Germany, aged 81
years 10 months and 7 days.
JOHNSON — In this city, November 16, 1903.
NIcol Johnson, a native of Norway' aged
75 years.
LANDRY— In this city, November 15, 1903,
Rose M.. beloved mother of Rose, Frances
and Irene Landry. and daughter of Patrick
J. and Cassie A. Kllday. and elster of Frank
Annie and Cassie Kilday, a native of Rock-
lln, Cal.. aged 30 years 10 montha and 7
- days. (Carson City, Nev., papers please
copy.)
C7 Friends ar.d 'acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvlted to attend funeral services
Wednesday, fct 1:30 o'clock, at the resi-
dence or his parents, 3326 Eighteenth street.
Interment I. "p. p. F. Cemetery.
GENTH— In th"i«' city. November 18, 1903,
Charles F. Genth. a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 51 years 7 months and 22 days.
Emil, Adam and Magdelena Dollein, a na-
tive of Germany, ased 41 years.
DUTTON— In this city. November 17, 1903,
Robert. be'ov*d husband of Emma Dutton,
and father of Minnie Dutton, a. native of
England, aged 44 years 3 months and 7
days.
FREY— In this city. November 10, 1003, Ed-
warJ \V. Frey, beloved son of Charles and
Anna Frey. and brother of Charles Rudolph
Frey i"f.I.:s Angeles and Mrs. Frank B.
Hlnkclbein of i-an Jose and Mrs. L. E.
Marsh of San Farncisco. a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 4 montha and 18
days.. -tSan Joaa and Los Angeles papers
pleace «ot>y.)
dertaking narlnrs of Smiley & Gallagher,
. thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass - will be said.
DOLLEIN— In this city. November 17. 1903,
Adam L. t beloved husband of Margaret
Dollein, and father of George, Gertrude,
elon. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
COGHLIN— In Alameda, November 16, 1003,
Michael C. Cos-hlin, beloved husband of the
late Margaret M. Coghlin, and father of
Timothy C. Coghlin. Mrs. W. x H. Kelly.
William C. Coghlin, Mre. -T. C. Johnston and
Robert E. CoKhlin. a native of Ireland, aged
54 years and 1 month.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the un-
residence. 31 Crocker street, off West Mls-
Cemetery.
CHILDS— In this city, November 17. 1903,
Rose E.. helov'' daughter of Charlet and
Mamie Childs, and granddaughter of the late
Jeremiah and Hanorab O" Sullivan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 10 months and 3
daypT (London, Entrland, papers please copy.)
{CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents*
Montgomery avenue.
BERRYESSA— In San Jose. Cal., November 16,
1903, Josephine, beloved daughter of Isador
and Jessie Berryessa, and sister of Alfred,
Virginia. Rosaldo and Auglietta Berryessa,
a native of San Jose, Cal., aged 20 years 6
months and 2 days.
BURNETT — Entered into rest, November 16,
1903, Dwlght J., eldest son of the late Peter
H. and Harriet W, Burnett, and dearly be-
loved husband of Mary S. Burnett, and
dearly beloved father of George S., Frank
W., Armstead D., Peter H., Harriet M. Bur-
nett and Mrs. Romie B. Hutchison, and
brother of John M. Burnett, Mrs. Le-
tltia M. Ryland and Mra. W. T. Wallace,
a native of Tennessee, aged 74 years and 5
monthf.
tCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, Visitacion Valley, thence to All
Hallows' Church, South ¦ San Francisco,
¦where a requiem high mass ' will be cele-
brated for the repose of his eoul, commenc-
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
aged 65 years.
IE7"Funeral services and interment private.
BAYUK— In this city, November 16. 1903,
Frank beloved husband of Theresa Bayuk.
and cousin of John Bayuk, a native of Aus-
tria, aged 38 years 11 months and 13 days.
CT Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. {
BECKER— In this city, November 17, 1903,
Walter, dearly beloved son*of Balthaser and
Emma Becker, and loving brother of Fred-
erick and Louisa Becker, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 11 months and 27
days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, November 20, 1903. at 1 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of J. S. Godeau. 305
M. 'CAMPION, Secretary.
ANDERSON— In this city, November 15, 1003.
Robert Anderson, uncle of A. E. Hallberg,
a native of Sweden, asred 40 years.
C7"Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, ' November 18, 1903. at .4 -o'clock, from
Charles J B. Metzler'a undertaking parlors,
< C38 Washington street, thence to Druids'
Hall, 413 Sutter street, where- services will
beheld under the ausolces'of Templar Grove
Not 19 U. A. O. D.. commencing at 2
o'clock.' Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ARNOTT— In this city. • November 17, 1903.
at her residence, 118 A Clara street, between
Fourth and Fifth, Isabella Matilda, beloved
wife of Thomas Arnott. mother of Isabella
M. and Margaret E. Arnott and Mrs. T. K.
Holtzman and grandmother of William and
John Shaugnessey, a native of Cardiff. Wales.
kersfield. Cal.. a native of Middletown,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 76 years.
IC^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
8:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 1308
Laguna street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for. the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock, t Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
A o H.— Members of Division No. 8. A. O.
H •' You are reaueated to assemble at 130S
• Laguna' street 'to-day (Wednesday), vat
8:15 o'clock, to attend, the funeral of our
late brother. John M. Ahern. By order of
M. FITZGERALD, President.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
WATCH ' FOB THE
BEAUTTFUL PICTUBE3
IK" THE BIG
THANKSGIVING :
EDITION,
OCEAN TBAVZ1.
"Columbia", sails* Nov. 9, 19, 23. Deo. 9. 19.
29. "George W. Elder" sails Nov. 14, 24.
Dec. 4, 14, 24. Only steamship line to PORT-.
LAND. OR. and short .rail lln« from Portland
to all points East.' Through tickets ¦ to ail
points, all rail or ateamahip and. rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer aalls foot of Spear at.
at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. Pen. . Art. Pass,
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st-: C. CLIFFORD. O«a.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery Mt. '¦¦¦-¦
O. R. & N. CO.
0CCaBlC8.5.C0.Ef;^;f
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Nov. 1». 2 p. rn.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. 23.11 a.m.
8. a MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Tec 1. 11 a. m..
ALtPKcmskisn.eL.i^jctitonb.Bisiiitiu.Bank , Clerks to. Give ; Smoker.
The Bank Clerks of this city willglv?
a ."smoker" this evening in ' Red Men's
Hall on Post street. . : . ,
William McGillivery was acquitted
by a Jury in Judge Dunne's court yes
terday on a charge of robbery. H e
was accused of being one of three
young men. who held, up and, robbed
Richard Hawkins j of $20 at the corner
of Third and Hunt streets on the morn
ing of July 26.
Acquitted of Robbery Charge.
The San Francisco Section, C. G. W.,
will hold its regular meeting to-day
at 3 o'clock in the Sunday-school rooms
of the Temple Emanu-El. , Dr. H. J.
Stewart will address the meeting on
"The Musical Needs of San Francisco "
A vocal programme by the pupils of
Dr. Stewart will. follow the address. '
Will Lecture on Music.
I Olympic Club Bondholders — Holders
of bonds are requested to assemble in
the red room of the Olympic Club on,
Wednesday evening, the 25th, 1903. at S
o'clock. . ¦ ' * '
• WILLIAM GREEK HARRISON. Pres.
Insolvent Fanners.
Cagnacci & Ghilarducci, farmers on
the American ¦ River Grant in Sacra
mento County, flle'd a petition in insol
vency yesterday in the United States
District Court. Their ' liabilities are
$3152 and they have no assets.
Penny wise and pound foolish is the
man who neglects to buy a eras heater, at
once and save drug bills. ,' We sell heat
ers cheap. San 'Francisco Gas & Elect
ric Co., 415 Post st. •
' The San Francisco ,Club of . Deaf-
Mutes gave a pantomime entertainment
last evening in Mission Opera-hall. '
The large hall was well filled with
mutes, who thoroughly enjoyed the in
teresting programme arranged for their
benefit. *
Deaf Mutes Entertain.
SUES CORPORATIONS FOR
RETURN OF LARGE SUM
W. Ames Files Action for $16,063 15
Against A. W. Copp & Co. and Cen
tral Grain and Stock Exchange. :
W. Ames .filed a suit yesterday
against A. W. Copp & Co. and the
Central Grain and Stock Exchange to
recover $16,063 15 he claims the defend
ants have received from him, and E
Kelly, G. M. Martin and R. L. Walsh'
to be used for their benefit. He says
that he has made frequent demands for
the money, but has met with refusals.
Ames' interest in the amount sued
for Is $5488 15. The other plaintiffs have
assigned their interests to him for the
purposes of the suit, j Alex McCulloch
is his attorney.
for infant feeding in the uncertain ways
of the novice when you can have always
with you a supply of Borden's Eagle
Brand • Condensed Milk, a perfect cow's
milk, from Herds of native breeds, the
perfection of infant food? Use it for tea
and coffee. ' . •
Why Modify Milk
A. Gideon, a civil engineer attached
to the War Department, is at the Pal
ace, en route to the Philippines. He is
one of the engineers who designed the
sewer system for the city of Havana,
for the construction of which the Gov
ernment has appropriated $11,500,000.
Mr. Gideon j stated yesterday that by
means of a thorough drainage of the
ground yellow fever has almost disap
peared in Havana. The engineers,
when they .first undertook the work,
found the sewers filled with filth that
had been allowed to accumulate for
years. By strict enforcement of the
sanitary rules- by the Government
troops Havana's health has been won
derfully Improved.
Engineer Gideon is going to the Phil
ippines under orders and while he ex
plained that he was not permitted to
divulge them, it Is generally under
stood that he is to look over the city of
Manila with a view of planning a sewer
system there. He is a native of Rus
sia, but Is a graduate of Cornell Col
lege. He leaves on the next steamer.
ment Is En Route to the
• Philippines.
Engineer Gideon of the War Depart-
TO PLAN NEW SEWER
SYSTEM FOR MANLLA
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 17.— A fatal
accident occurred about 4 o'clock this
morning near the Southern Pacific
roundhouse. Switchman John Hoque
was run overhand instantly killed by
an engine engaged in switching. His
left leg was cut off below the knee and
his right foot above the ankle. His
body was otherwise mangled. As yet
no one seems to know > who was to
blame. Hoque was 35 years old and
leaves a wife and one child.
Employe of a Railroad Company
Loses His Life Under an
Engine.
SWITCHMAN IS KILLED
NEAR A ROUNDHOUSE
Reduced rates on household kcxxU to tt from
th« E**t It. South. Bckln'a. 11 Montgomery. •
Officer Nicolas Bakulich of the local
police department has been detailed for
nearly three weeks by Captain of De
tectives Martin in an effort to discover
the whereabouts of a three-and-a-half
year-old son of Mrs. Harrington, resid
ing at 1212 Powell street. He succeeded
in locating the child in Eureka and
the little one is now with its mother,
though lesral proceedings for Its cus
tody were commenced in Judge Mu
rasky's court yesterday.
Some time ago the child, whose name
is Victor, was placed by his mother
in an infant asylum in Oakland. Soon
afterward she left for Chicago and
while there the little fellow was adopt
ed by Pietro Feracci and wife of 715
.Lombard street. Feracci says when he
took the child he was informed that
it was fatherless and motherless and
since it has come into his home he has
grown deeply attached to it and de
sires to keep it. He took the baby to
Eureka, but when he found the po
lice were looking for. him returned .to
this city and the child was given to
its mother, who is now very 111, pending
its disposition by the court, y -
Little Victor Harrington Is Sought
Three Weeks by the Police
Department.
CHILD ADOPTED WHILE
MOTHER IS IN EAST
WOMAN TESTIFIES
AGAINST MOODY
Case of an Ex- Congress- 1
man Progresses in
Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 17.— The tak
ing of testimony in the trial of ex-Con
gressman Malcolm M. Moody, indicted
for intercepting and withholding a let
ter addressed to Mrs. Margaret L. Con
roy, formerly of The Dalles, was com
menced in Judge Bellinger's Federal
court to-day.
Mrs. Conroy, the chief witness for
the prosecution, who was in the witness
chair most of the day, stated that at
the time of the failure of The Dalles
National Bank she had on deposit in
that Institution $2000. The batik, of
which Moody was president, paid its
depositors In full, and after receiving
what purported to be the final dividend
Mrs. Conroy testified that she took the
money and certain papers to her attor
neys and then learned that she had not
been fully paid, the amount received be
ing $92-35 short.
On the representations of her attor
neys and herself Moody asked her to
sign a receipt, which he would forward
to the Comptroller of the Currency for
collection. Mrs. Conroy stated that
while she was signing the document
Moody kept his hand over a large por
tion of it, hiding it in a measure from
her view. She noticed, however, that
the paper had borne another signature,
but that It had been erased.
After signing the receipt she conclud
ed to forward the paper to Washington
herself, and securing the document
took it to her attorneys and then for
the first time learned that it was a re
ceipt for the full amount, and should
have been presented to her by Moody
some time before. Her attorneys, she
stated, had never been able to obtain
it from Moody. Cross-examination de
veloped nothing of importance.
Previous to Mrs. Conroy being placed
on the stand- Postmaster Patterson of
The Dalles testified to having turned
over several letters addressed to Mrs.
Conroy to Congressman Moody, who
readdressed some of them to Mrs. Con
roy, who. had moved to Portland.
Moody took some . of the letters away
with him, but . the Postmaster could
not state that they had been forwarded
to Mrs. Conroy. \ V
Judge Bellinger, on objections being
made by the attorneys for the'defense.
decided that two of the counts returned
against Moody by the Federal Grand
Jury were unwarranted, and they were
thrown out.
Attorney Guilty in Sonora.
TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 17.— Walter J.
N. McCurdy, a young attorney from
Nogales, Ariz., has been convicted of
the third charge pending against him
at Hermosillo, Sonora. He was found
guilty of attempting to kill W. E.
Pomeroy, . superintendent of the Yaqul
Copper Company, and was sentenced
to ten months' Imprisonment in the
Hermosillo prison.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 17.— W. A. Traf
ton was .yesterday appointed guardian
of John F. Woodbury of Watsonville
with a bond of $60,000. Woodbury. who
ia SO years old and a bachelor. Is worth
$50,000 of which $30,000 Is in cash, but
he does not. remember In rfhat bank his
money i3 deposited. •»
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 17.
This afternoon the cornerstone for
Palo Alto's new library, donated by
Andrew Carnegie, was laid with im
pressive ceremonies. Professor Nathan
Abbott of the law department delivered
the principal address and President
Jordan also spoke.
The new library building will cost
over $10,000, the sum given by Carnegie,
and the citizens of Palo Alto will raise
a like amount, to be expended in
equipping and maintaining the library.
PALO ALTO LIBRARY
, CORNERSTONE IS LAID
President Jordan and. Professor Ab
bott of Stanford Deliver the
Addresses.
In the case of Helen Sullivan, the 6
year-old girl killed by a street car at
the crossing of Twentieth and Ken
tucky streets, the motorman was exon
erated.
"And we further recommend that in
future in such cases a more modern
and suitable apparatus be devised and
used."
The jury returned a verdict to the
effect that the accident was "unavoid
able" and exonerated the attaches of
the hospital from all blame. It added
the following:
Coroner- Leland held an inquest yes
terday morning into the cause of the
death of Ivy Powell, an 11-months-old
boy, who was burned to death in the
Children's Hospital last Monday while
being treated for croup. Miss Ethel
Stafford, the nurse in attendance, tes
tified that while the vaporizing appa
ratus was In operation on the child she
was summoned to another room to an
swer a telephone call from the baby's
parents, and that when she returned
the child's gown was on fire, the ap
paratus having exploded during her
absence.
More Modern Apparatus for Vaporiz
ing in Children's Hospital Is
Recommended in Verdict.
Several cars had passed over the
body and the skull "was crushed to a
pulp a.pd many bones broken. The re
mains were removed to the Morgue by
Deputy Charles Meehan. Deceased was
41 years of age and resided at the
Niagara House, 763 Howard sfreet. He
was unmarried and his relatives reside
in Milwaukee, Wls.
Upon the arrival of the vessel at
Lombard-street wharf Wintrinser was
sent ashore by one of the officers to
look after some freight. As there were
no eye-witnesses to the tragedy it is
not known how the unfortunate man
came to his death. It is supposed that
in crossing the tracks of the Belt rail
road he fell in front of a moving train.
His body was discovered by one of the
trainmen, who notified the Coroner's
office.
Paul Wintringer, a deckhand em
ployed on the steamer Ukiah, was
crushed to death beneath the wheels of
several freieht cars last evening on
Lombard-street wharf while the cars
were being transferred from the steam
er to the dock. The Ukiah is owned
by the California and Northwestern
Railway and is used in transporting
freight cars and passengers between
this city and the Marin County termi
nus of the road.
Paul Wintringer, a Deckhand on
Ferry-Boat Ukiah, Meets
Tragic Death.
GRAND JURY FREES
NURSE FROM BLAME
Resolved. That we urge all dealers who
have not abandoned trading stamps to
do bo and thus help better trade condi
tions.
Resolved. That we approve the action
taken by the San Francisco Retail Gro
cers and urce all dealers and manufac
turers to reader them all the assistance
possible; be it further
Whereas, the San Francisco Retail Gro
cers have undertaken to bring: about an
abandonment of trading: stamps and other
premium schemes in their line of busi
ness, and all but a very few retail deal
ers? have acrc-ed to discontinue the use
of trading stamps and other premium
schemes; be It
Whereas, the advertising value to the
merchant is not commensurate with the
expense and the injury that Is done by
the interference with trade conditions;
and.
Whpreas. the eiving of trading stamps
and other premiums by retail dealers has
assumed proportions that make It a se
rious burden to the trade: and
In line with the recent action of the
Retail Grocers' Association in deciding
to throw off the burden of dealing in
trading- stamps, the San Francisco
Board of Trade has adopted the follow
ing resolutions:
chants Are Injured by Dealing
in Trading Stamps.
APPBOVES ACTION OF
THE RETAIL GROCERS
City Board of Trade Thinks Mer-
CRUSHED TO DEATH UNDER
WHEELS OF FREIGHT CARS
Several important matters have come,
up for consideration of the American
Labor Union during the past few days
and McDonald's advice and experience
are necessary to a satisfactory settle
ment. In McDonald's place William
Robinson, formerly secretary of ' the
Butte Miners' Union,' has gone.
BUTTE, Mont., Nov. 17.— Malcolm
Glllis, Frank Doyle, M. R. Dempsey,
Edward Long", William Robinson and
J. W. Gilbert, the committee from the
Butte labor unions! who will visit
Washington as the guests of President
Roosevelt, left this afternoon over the
Northern Pacific. Daniel McDonald,
president of the American Labor Union,
found it impossible at the last moment
to leave with the committee.
Members Will Be the Guests ; of
President Roosevelt While
at the Capital. ¦
BUTTE LABOR COMMITTEE
LEAVES FOR WASHINGTON
The plants of the Independent Light
and Power Company and the Inde
pendent Gas and Power Company,
which are now owned and operated by
the San Francisco Gas Company, are
modern and complete in every respect.
The purpose of generating power and
producing light at.;the lowest cost was
never, lost sight of in the original con
struction of the. plants. * The
ing corporation has every modern fa
cility for the transaction of the busi
ness in which, it is engaged and is in
position to supply its customers with
light and power at reasonable prices.
No doubt the newly acquired plants
will be used extensively if not almost
exclusively In the future operations of
the company.
The directors of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company will meet
to-day. There is inside rumor to the
effect that the board will declare a
semi-annual dividend of 2\$ per cent.
At the Pacific Union Club last even
ing Mr. Bourn was asked if the board
contemplated changes in the present
schedule of 4 rates for supplying light
and power. -,
He replied that he could not fore
shadow the course that the directors
would pursue, but he was of the opin
ion that the income under the present
schedule would enable the company to
pay a small dividend seml-annually to
the stockholders. . He fancied, more
over, that the growth of the city and
the increased demand for light would
bring the corporation a fair profit un
der the existing schedule of prices.
He remarked that he could not
speak definitely as to whether the di
rectors at the meeting to-day would
or would not declare a dividend.
PLANTS ARE MODERN.
DIRECTORS WILL MEET.
Subsequently deeds showing the
transfer of the properties were placed
on record in the Recorder's office. A
trust mortgage was also placed on rec
ord by the San Francisco (Jas and
Electric Company in favor of the Union
Trust Company to secure an issue of
bonds In the sum of $10,000,000, payable
November, 1933. with interest at 4Va per
cent a year. The security given com
prises all the property of the corpora
tion.
At the meeting yesterday the pur
chasing corporation, the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company, was repre
sented bjc its president, William B.
Bourn, Captain Payson and Attorney
Charles Page. Claus Spreckels was
represented by A. B. and John D.
Spreckels.
The .negotiations— initial, progressive
and final— were managed by the Union
Trust Company. I. W. Hellman presi
dent.
At the office of the Union Trust Com
pany, in this city, yesterday afternoon
a complete transfer was made to the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany of all the properties, including
stocks, bonds, machinery and appur
tenances, of the Independent Electric
Light and Power Company and the In
dependent Gas and Power Company.
This transfer consummated the sale
under the terms of an agreement en
tered into July 2, 1903. Cash and bonds
»'o the amount of $6,210,000 were paid to
John D. and A. B. Spreckels, as stipu
lated in the articles of agreement.
That they might secure the valuable
jade, the robbers hurled the stone
through the window and narrowly
missed breaking several articles of
lacquer ware valued at about $1500.
After they had made the Jbening they
reached in with a long stick and got
their treasure. Near the aperture made
by the stone were about ten articles of
silverware, the total value of which
would approximate $1000. Although
these could have been reached by the
hand, they were left untouched.
In speaking of the robbery, Marsh
says he is certain that it was commit
ted by Chinese or some thieves well
posted on the value of jade. The neck
lace or the bracelets would not have at
tracted particular attention from the
ordinary" thief and the latter would
probably have gone after the silver
ware. Captain Martin is of the same
opinion and believes that if the job was
done by a white man no effort will be
made to dispose of the stolen property
here, bu: that it will be shipped to the
Jiiast.
One of the most daring burglaries
committed in the downtown section of
the city for some time was reported to
Captain of Detectives' Martin yesterday
morning. Some time during Monday
night thieves smashed a large plate
glass window in the fancy goods estab
lishment of G. T. Marsh, 214 Post street,
with a cobble stone and then made
their escape with a jade necklace val
ued at $500 and a pair of jade bracelets
valued at $140. The police are of the
opinion that Chinese or some persons
well acquainted with the value of jade
did the work, as they seemed deter
mined to secure these articles only and
overlooked silverware that was in the
same window. . /• -i
Judge de Haven can no longer assist
Judge Morrow because of the pressure
of business in the District Court.
The new judgreship will not interfere
in any way with United States District
Judge de Haven, who will continue to
preside in the District Court. This plan
is in operation in New York, Missouri,
Illinois and some other States, where
the Judges of the United States Court
qf Appeals are relieved from all other
court work.
[ At the present session of Congress
i a bill will be introduced on the sugges-'
j tion of United States Senator Perkins
and the remainder of the California
delegation to create an additional
United States District Judge in the
Northern District of California. Owing
to the fact that during the last three
years the business of the Circuit Court
has increased very largely, requiring
the whole of Judge Morrow's time, and
the further facf that the business of
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals has increased In a like ratio, the
Judge has been overwhelmed with
work, and it is the opinion of members
of the bar practicing in His court that
he should have assistance.
It was at first proposed to ask Con
gress to create a new District Court
for the eastern district of California,
with headquarters in the city of Sacra r
mento, but this plan was objected to
because of the great expense involved
for clerks, an additional United States
Marshal and other officials. The latest
proposition— the one that meets with
more favor— Is that of an additional
United States Judge in this district, to
preside in the United States Circuit
Court and relieve Judge Morrow of the
double burden under which he has been
laboring for many years.
There are said to be about twelve
candidates for the position, among
whom is United States District Attor
ney Marshall B. Woodworth, who has
the indorsement of United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow and of the Califor
nia Congressmen. . i
U. S. Attorney Wocdworth
May Be Lucky Choice for
the Honor.
Chinese Are Suspected of
Committing Crime on
Post Street.
Mortgage to Secure Bonds for
Ten Millions Is
Filed. J
Thieves Secure Expen-
I sive Necklace and
Bracelets.
Plants Finally Trans
ferred at Union Trust
V Company.
Congress Will Relieve
Jurist of Double
Burden.
GAS DIVIDENDS
ARE EXPECTED
SMASH WINDOW
TO STEAL JADE
ANOTHER JUDGE
TO AID MORROW
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1903.
16
- fWm I iO PfflFSTOI AN
¦tank SKIRTS
: flH§B^ e^ n *
I This is one of the Bar- |
gain Events of the season. S
Just think of the price! At |
a time when demand for §
Pedestrian Skirts Is great- |
Your choice in high-grade 1
qualities of zibeline, chev- |
lot, serge, Scotch tweed I
a,nd all the popular novelty I
mixtures. n
Twelve leading styles to a
select from in the season!
able shade of gray. Skirts B
I are strictly tailor made in |
every detail— elegantly fin- 1
ished— cut in the prevail- i
ing full flare effect. |
GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN J
WITH EVERY PURCHASE. ' I
MARKSBROS.I
??Honest Values »' |
I220-22-24MARKET ST. §
. Between Taylor and Jonea..- ra
THANKSGIVING OF THE
PLUMBER AND
THE BURGLAR.
BY OCTAVE THANET.
Strangest Story You Ever Heard
— . • of in the.
; NEXU SUNDAY -CALL
Our $25 Special
A combination . jjk
bookcase, writing cg&_jmk j^>l^^^
desk and music
tistic design. Made ?^^^^^^m m
of solid, fine-grain- ¦if^Tf^^ llsfe"^^/?/
ed, full quartered \%' &fy*& lliSS^liBJl
oak, hand polished } T /^\ W^^^^A
in golden finish, j * f= ~%~' t B^^^^S I
Beautiful mirror \ )WflS®&mi
design of French ;#^J 1, jpfjl
plate ; bent glass Rp^ mWfmi
front to the book- . \ f^ySilW&Mm
case with a' finish . £ fVff MM
of bird's eye maple 5 T^'/i'*^ fe>lL--il
at the back. Get it I 'pfe^¥s3l
now and have it "' , ;^ y \ l^j^~^^ill
delivered at your l fefj!^Pil
°prtce; S3I.5CL f^^^^i
Special for this
week- § m W^T-— s r^m
only..... J^3 -'^^dffcl
Two more floors of our big building and two
more floors of our annex have now been con-
verted into salesrooms and are ready for your
inspection. • Every beautiful, artistic and sub-
stantial design and line of- furniture is here.
The Sunday specials continue for the week.
"The Credit House" 233-235-237: Post, St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• •• \J \J JL-i *Zs 9 ••
/
to take half a dozen wet-
tings and a bad cold be-
cause you can't decide to
buy an overcoat? Is it
kind to let yourself, your
boys and little fellows face
the wintry weather without ¦
a good warm woolen coat
that will cost you little and
keep you dry and comfort-
able? You know enough
about clothing to realize
that the "Mill to Man" kind
is the best value you will-
ever receive for your
money at any clothier's.
Come before it rains and
judge for yourself. : : :
MILL TO MAN
Whplesale Clothiers Retailing Direct to You.
51^518 NARKET ST. M o»one»y
Specials This Week
Si^fdP iki nun
.... IIM OUR • . . .
St^P f 9fl pleces 2H NCH COLORED PHAU DE
UiJO - in all the leadlna shades, also
yabd v i Cream anl White.
$1 flirt f1 pleces 2HNCH BLA CK PEAU DE
yUU V 1 J SOIE, extra heavg nualltn anl high
yabd. i : lustePj guarantee! to wear.
<fcl fid f99 Pieces 24-INCH COLORED CREPE DE
Y'^V j LL CHINE, all pure silk anl vepu hloh
yabd. i flnISDj Ql)out j 5 dIffereilt sha[leSt
7.^1* f 1 pIeces BLACK PEAU °E SOIE, -21
£ UO j 1 U inches wile, all pure silk anl high
yabd. I , luster.
ft^C* f 98 pIec8S Extra HeaY^ QualltD BLACK
©5j*j ] LO TAFFETA, 23 inches wile, guaran-
YABD. [ | ee(1 l Q ffeap#
¦
7ffC f 1 C pieces 2Mnch BLACK TAFFETA-
£ \3 yd \ 1 \J a verg heavg aualita.
R(\G J 90 P leGes BLACK SW ISS TAFFETA, 21
OUyd \ L\J inches wile.
„__ r If] pieces Metal Print Dottel Velveteens,
75C 22 inches wile, in navu anl white,
ya]*d filaGk anl wnlt8 ' Dpown and white
L anl rel anl white, extra fine aualitg,
We have also receiyel a full assortment of English
Coitume Velveteens, 24 to 27 inches wile, hoth hiack
and colors. Prices 75c to $2.00 pep uard.
iXIlf^T^F^ Ordcr » b y maH receive prompt attention.
* Jl ¦*— J AH orders for samples or goods flJled
= and shipped same day they are received.
' 111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MARKS BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»••¦ • »«•..... »
:: Drink ||jIiEf*E~E\J
::Cof=farin I [gHlI||j j
::0n Earth Jiffllil i j
Cereal i^ A * irdt<l Cold ilttft| ?
:: drink I
;;Cof-farin and your{
:: Nerves and DJges-j
jtion will be all rightj
p IS THE MARK OF |i
iSH IRTi
P| CLUETT, PEABODY <fc CO. |||
1 moot BEER^
§ "V 3OLD EVERYWHERE. jj
U HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. ¦
li Pacific Coast Agents. t&
TCUTLERf
EVEFOLAgMRRAMIED
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERS
FOR THE
BLOOP.UVER.HJNGS»U
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB -
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health arn
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 333 Marks;