VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 129.
JAMAICANS THREATEN
TO SEEK ANNEXATION
Demand the Dismissal of the Present
British Officials, and Burn Them
in Effigy.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. April 7. — The council adjourned to-day, leaving the political situa
tion almost chaotic, the representatives having passed a vote of censure on the officers of
the Government and having adopted a resolution demanding their removal, including
the Governor. Sir Augustus Hemming.
Last night throughout the r nil parishes mass meetings were held and effigies of Joseph
Chamberlain, the British Secretary of State for the Colonies; Governor Hemming and Mr. Pa
lache. a representative who. at the final crisis, voted with the Government and who holds a
Government appointment, were burned. There were no other violent developments, but the
leaders are reported to be formulating a monster popular ultimatum to the Imperial Govern
ment demanding the restoration of the original autonomous constitution of 1866, with the al
ternative of annexation to the United States. The agitators say that if both demands are re
fused and a coercive policy is maintained, serious trouHe may develop.
ONE CLUB
WILL EXPEL
ESTERHAZY
The Figaro Gets Back at the
Anti-Dreyfus Papers
of Paris.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. April 7.— The Figaro gets
back it the anti-Dreyfus papers, which
maliciously announced that several
clubs intended to boycott it to-day. It
states that a committee of the Cercle
de I'Union Artistique, generally known
as TEpatant. one of the very clubs in
question, is about to meet to vote on
ttja expulsion of Major Esterhazy, who
has been a member for twenty-five
years.
The papers are full of denials and ex
planations from the various individuals
accused by General Roget, and Exam
ining Magistrate Bortulus demands to
be confronted with the general before
the Court of Cassation. In the mean
while he has written officially to M.
Mazeau, the president of the Court of
Cassation, and to M. Manu, the prose
cutor general, demanding an inquiry
into his private life and the manner in
which he fills his position as a magis
trate. He also promises to produce be
fore the Court of Cassation witnesses
to corroborate his evidence in regard
to the late Lieutenant Colonel Henry
and others and declares General Ro
ger allegations against himself are
absolutely false.
M. Reinach has written a similar let
ter to M. Mazeau, demanding to be
confronted with General Roget.
SERIOUS EXPLOSION OF
A SHELL AT A CITADEL
Soldiers Killed and Maimed While
Being Taught How to Lead
a Cannon.
fc'fecial Cable to The Call nn<l the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gnr
• don Bennett.
BRUSSELS, April ".—There was a bomb
explosion at Puy Citadel this afternoon,
and it was at first thought it was due to
crime, but it proved to have •en caused
by the accidental bursting of a shell while
a lieutenant was teaching ten soldiers
how to load a cannon.
The violence of the shock hurled the
eleven men. some distance. Two were
killed on the spot, and two are in a hope
less condition. The others, including the
lieutenant, were seriously wounded.
The ground on which the barracks stand
partially collapsed.
An evening paper suggests that they lay
before the disarmament conference sta
tistics of the Toulon, Bourges. Puy and
similar disasters, showing that even in
peace time the present perfected weapons
are self-dtstroying for all nations.
DRIVEN AWAY BY
A MIGHTY ICEBERG
Dangers Attending the Work of the
Belgian South Pole Ex
pedition.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew iTork
Hf-rald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
<l'>n Bennett.
MONTEVIDEO. April 7.— The British
ft^am^r Oravia brings a report from the
Er-ipian Antarctic expedition. The ex
pedition sailed from Puma Arena on
December 14, 1597, and first explored
Hughes Bay. Captain de Garlache having
noted the great discrepancy between the
British and German admiralty maps-re
solved to study the whole coast thor
. oughly. He advanced to the sixty-fourth
degree, .and afterward sailed toward the
Island of Peter I. but a mighty iceberg
obliged the, expedition to change its di
rection and l sail southeast. It passed the
winter of ISOS amid a pack of ice at 71
degrees S6 minutes latitude south.. The
, txjilorers made many excursions in Gra
namland and gathered valuable collec
tions.
Letters received at Punta Arenas an
nounce that a German called Dryarsky is
preparing a new expedition.
* : —
PIERCE WANTS A PLACE.
Assemblyman Would Be Commis
sioner of Public Works.
WOODLAND, April 7. —it is current ru
mor that Assemblyman Pierce is a ranrli
3ate for Commissi.u.. r of I'uhlir Ay. irks,
ana that Governor QtLgt ..,] )o '
look upon hip aspirations with favor
John Reith, also of this county, lias beeri
ar avowed candidate for some time, and
it had been taken for granted that Mr
Pierce was supporting him.
The San Francisco Call.
SCANDIA BRINGS THE
BODIES OF HEROES
CARRYING sixty-five di*c.iarged
and time-expired men and the <
bodies of four of the heroes who <
died before the trenches of the i
Filipinos, the transport Scandia 4
sailed into the bay at noon yesterdny. <
and after touching at quarantine tied 4
up at section 2 of the seawall. She 4
was twenty-eight days out from Ma- <^
nila, via Nagasaki, and had a pleasant 4
and uneventful trip. She came out in 4
command of Captain G. W. Hart and 4
was in charge of Major Cloman of the }
quartermaster's department. «
In the hold were the bodies of Colonel ,i
James F. Smith of the First Tennessees, <j
Major McConnvllle of the First Idahos, 3
Captain Elliot nf the Twentieth Kan- 4
sas and Lieutenant French of the First J
North Dakotas. 4
Colonel Smith died of apoplexy on the i
firing line while leading his men in an
TROOPSHIP SCANDIA ENTERING PORT.
effort to take the Filipino trenches.
His body is accompanied by his son.
eanl Major Smith, who will take
:t through to his Tennessee home. An
effort is being made by the Afasdnlc
fraternity of this city to prevail upon
the quartermaster's department to al
low the body t<> b^- held over here for
three days that the Masons may pay
tit tribute to their dead brother.
Major McConnvllle's body was ac
companied by his son, Private McConn
ville of the First Idahos, who was hon
orably discharged by the department
that he might accompany his father's
body to Idaho. Major McConnville was
a veteran of the Indian battles of the
Northwest and a gallant soldier. He
fell before Caloocan while leading his
m<--n in a brilliant charge.
Captain Elliot's body is also accom
panied by his sons. Sergeant John B.
Elliot and Corporal James, Elliot, who
have been honorably discharged be
of their father's death. Captain
Elliot was picked off by Tagallo sharp
shooters whiK- his regiment was in
front of Caloocan. Lieutenant French
had neither kith nor kin with him- on
the battlefield, but died as bravely as
did his fellow'officf rs in the charge on
the trenches at Caloocan.
There wai some little trouble occa
sioned when Sergeant Major Smith de
sired to remove his father's body from
the transport. The health authorities
would not permit of its landing unless
the necessary papers from the officials
in Manila accompanied it. It developed
that the documents were nailed in the
wooden boxes that enclosed the her
metically sealed caskets and the quar
termaster's department had to be called
on for permission to open them.
The officers on board were Captain
Murphy of the Fourteenth Infantry,
Lieutenant Sweasy of the First Cali
fornia, who has tendered his resigna
tion because of ill health, and Major
Cloman. Major Cloman left this city
for Manila as a captain of commissary
on Brigadier General Anderson's staff
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
and soon earned his promotion to ma
jorty. He is in poor health and came
off the transport this morning while
she was in quarantine.
Among the sixty-five men on board
there, were no sick nor was there any
sickness reported during the voyage.
Two privates convalescing from gun
shot wounds made up the surgeon's
sick list. R. K. Alcott, Ernest Stans
bury and W. R. White of the First Cal
ifornia were all returned on favored
discharges. The trio were among the
hundred enlistments from Stanford
University and report the rest of the
boys on the other side as well and fight
ing like wildcats when the opportunity
offers.
A big delegation from the Olympic
Club was on hand to receive one of the
prominent members of the club who
went out with the Fourteenth Infantry
as a private — George Grant of this city,
who enlisted in June last.
Grant served all through the seven
teen-hour engagement which began on
the night of February 5 and is en
thusiastic in his praise of the men who
fought with him and of the California
boys particularly.
"Beginning on the night of the sth."
he said, "we had seventeen hours of
solid fighting in an effort to take the
Filipino trenches. Our boys went into
it cheering and yelling- like Indian?. It
was what they had been living in hope
of for weeks and when it came they
showed what they were made of. We
had to fight our way through thickets
of brush that had thorns a couple of
inches long, and they cut us like, knives,
but no one seemed to. mind it, not even
when we got into the rice fields, whet*
the difficulties were even greater. It
was in these rice fields that our first
calamity came upon us. Lieutenant
Mitchell was leading M Company
across the fields on the trenches when
they struck a bog and sank into the
stiff mud up to their middles. They
could neither go on nor get out; many
of their guns Were filled with the ooze
THE POPE'S
CONDITION IS
SATISFACTORY
His Physicians Agree That
His Holiness Is Greatly
Improved.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. <'n|iyrlghted. 1899, by James Gor
rl"n H.'nnott.
ROME. April 7. — Dr. Lapponi con
firms Professor Mnzzoni's opinion re
garding the satisfactory condition
his Holiness" health. He says the Pope
is about to resume his walks in the
Vatican gardens, and will preside at
the ceremonies on the anniversary of
his coronation, to be held on April 16
at St. Peter's.
NEW YORK, April 7.— A cable to the
Journal from Rome says: Archbishop
Ireland said to the Journal correspond
ent to-day that at his parting audi
ence with the Pope he found his Holi
ness in excellent health.
"The Pope talked for a long time on
American affairs with astonishing lu
cidity." said the Archbishop. "He dis
played a wide knowledge of things in
the United States.
"His illness has not left any visible
results, and his feebleness has nearly
disappeared."
and exploded when they tried to fire
them. The Filipinos saw their difficulty
and centered their fire on them. Lieu
tenant Mitchell was literally riddled
with Mauser bullets, and there was not
much of the company left when aid
came and stopped the Filipino fire.
"Our colonel, now general, Ovenshine.
certainly won his promotion. He was
always in front of the tiring line show
ing us hoys just where t<> shoot and he
soon got to be the pet target of the
sharpshooters. He would point them
out to us as little puffs of smoke
showed where they were stationed and
a half dozen guns pumped into the tree
or shed would soon make good Filipinos
of them.
•'I do not think the reports nf the
Filipino dead have been exaggerated
I have seen them lying in heaps in their
trenches and piled in heaps of fifty
and a hundred outside, and most of
them shot in the head. too. Their
trenches were splendidly built. If 10 -
000 of aur men should take them they
could hold them against an army of
100.000."
The list of those who returned on the
Scandia is as follows:
First California— Lieutenant W N Swa
sey: PrlvatcF W. R. Whits, P.. K." Al'cott"
company X; A. K. D. Lanre, California
Heavy Artillery.
Firs<t Colorado-Privates .1. H. Dean. Com
rany O; .1. MeD. Hnyt. A; Corporal Guy
Mclntosh, K.
First Nebraska— Private Cbarlet Wllaoo
Company A: K. <; Harwood, G; D c'
Cochran, B; John Williams, G.
Thirteenth Minnesota— Privates R l
Moore, Company C; c. j. r um ..,i yr- r X
Hoyes. B; D. F. Gubesing, G; J. W. Short!
G. F. Fenny. L.
Firft Montana— Hospital Steward R H
Paxon.
Second Oregon— Pri vat •>? B. W, Barker
Company X; G. F. Jennings. I,; Sergeant
Major. James Rlntoul Jr.; J. p. Xew H-
E. Ptanshury, L.
Signal Corps— Private David Culklns.
Hospital Corps— Privates U. C. Hamilton
Raphael Long, Albert BUverstelo, W, L.'
Ptillman. Steward Peterson
Volunteer Englneors— C. A. Love.
Fourteenth Infantry — Privates G. A.
Continued on Second Pa.se.
GERMAN RIFLEMEN
AIDED THE SAMOANS
YANKEES AND BRITONS SIDE BY SIDE.
The one fact which the recent disturbances in Samoa have brought most markedly into prominence is
the unanimity of feeling between English and .Americans in the group. Throughout the whole trouble the
British and United States Consuls have acted in perfect harmony. Their negotiations have had one common
aim — the supremacy of the English-speaking races. When it came to fighting British and American bluejackets
lined the trenches like brethren and speedily repulsed the ferocious Samoans. During the attack on the British
consulate American jackies from the Philadelphia worked their Gatling gun with murderous effect, while Eng
lish tars Trom the Royalist and Porpoise held the trenches with their small arms.
APIA. Samoa, March 24.— King Ta
numafili Malietoa, accompanied
by High Chief Tamasese (who
will occupy the position of Vice
King) was crowned King of Sa
moa at Mulinuu yesterday. Admiral
Kautz and Captain White of the Phila
delphia. Captains Sturdee and Torles^e
of the Porpoise and Royalist, United
States Consul General Osborn, Consul
Maxse and Chiei Justice Ide were
present at the ceremony, which was
attended by all representative Ameri
cans and Britishers. Fifty bluejackets
from the United States warship and
fifty from the British vessels com
posed the guard of honor. With them
were about 200 friendly troops. The
procession was through the whole of
Apia, preceded by the band of the flag
ship. Lieutenant Miller had charge of
the function. The flagship and the
Porpoise both fired a royal salute of
twenty-one guns when the King's flag
was hoisted. The German Consul Gen
eral and Vice Consul were conspicuous
by their absence, and the Falke -lay in
the harbor as if she and her captain
had not the slightest interest in Sa
moa.
When Admiral Kautz arrived he
spent a few days making inquiries and
then called a meeting of all th^ Con
suls and the senior naval officers of the
warships in the harbor. Trie whole sit
uation was taken under advisement
and the outcome of the meeting was
the issuance of the proclamation of
March 11.
This proclamation was taken to
Mulinuu by Flag Lieutenant Miller of
the Philadelphia and Lieutenant Gaunt
of the Porpoise. It was read to Ma
taafa and his associated thirteen chiefs.
That night it was rumored around
Apia that German Consul Rose had de
nied that he was a consenting party
to this proclamation. On the same day
the proclamation was read to the
chiefs the Royalist had pone to the isl
and of Apolimax and returned with a
number of the deported Malietoanv
Mataafa and his chiefs, after receiving
the admiral's notice. ha«l quietly left
Mulinuu and gone to the western por
tion of the municipality, and it seemed
and was generally understood that
they were about to obey the command
and retire to their homes. They were
in Vaimoso when the German Consul
issued a counter proclamation in th*
Samoan language which was distrib
uted among the Mataafans. The im
mediate result of this act was that th\
rebpls blackened their, faces, seized
their rifles and patrolled the back
streets of the municipality, declaring
they would prevent any food supplies
being brought into Apia for the use of
the Malietoa natives.
On March 12, the following day. th*.
whole of Apia was rarrounded by the
Mataafan warriors. Admiral Kautz
had to provide for the safety of th*
returned Malietoa prisoners. They
were all marched to MuUnuu and a
guard composed of Phlladeiphj a and
P6rpolse men under the command of
Lieutenant Brown and Lieutenant Cave
took up a position at the neck of the
peninsula to protect them. A number
of the Malietoans had their rifles,
which had been in safe keeping on the
Porpoise, returned to them, and this,
in addition to the guard, made the
Mulinuu defense one of considerable
strength.
The morning of March 13 came and
there was no answer .from Mataafa.
His men had surrounded the town and
Admiral Kautz's command was ignored
completely. Under this state of affairs,
caused solely by the proclamation of
the German Consul, the admiral had
only two alternatives— either to enforce
his command or to submit to Mataafa
and his German colleague. About mid
day Flag Lieutenant Miller set out on
horseback with an ultimatum to Ma
taafa, who was at Valmoso, inside the
municipality. He and Secretary Sel
lars of the flagship had only gone on
the main road to the first turning,
about haif a mile from the beach, when
PROCLAMATION.
Admiral Kautz Gives Notice to Mataafa
That He Is No Longer Chief.
To High Chief Mataafa and the thirteen chiefs associated with,
him, in particular, and to all the people of Samoa, both foreign and
native, in general.
1. Whereas, at a meeting held this day on boad the United
States flagship Philadelphia, at anchor in the harbor of Apia, at
which were present the consular representatives of the three signa
tory powers of the Berlin treaty of 1889, and the three senior naval
officers of the same powers, it was agreed that the so-called pro
visional government under High Chief Mataafa and thirteen other
chiefs can have no legal status under the Berlin treaty, and can
therefore not be recognized by tha consular and naval representa
tives, it is hereby ordered that the high chief and the thirteen other
chiefs aforesaid go quietly to their respective homes and obey the
laws of Samoa, and respect the Berlin treaty.
2. It is further ordered that all the chiefs and their people
who have been ejected from their homes and who have been sent to
different points in the Samoan Islands, return quietly to their afore
said homes without molestation.
3. The guarantee of protection as far as lies within the power
of the naval force now in this harbor, is given to all who quietly
obey this order. On the other hand, it will be used against all who
disregard it or the rights of quiet and peaceably disposed people.
4. The treaty of Berlin recognizes the Chief Justice of Samoa
as the highest officer under the existing government and as long as
he holds his office his authority must be respected and the decree of
the court must be carried out.
5. Trusting that all residents of Samoa will have the good
sense to observe the requirements of this proclamation, which is is
sued in the interests of peace and with the earnest regard for the
rights of all, both foreign and native, and that there may be no oc
casion to use military power to enforce it, I am. respectfully,
ALBERT KAUTZ,
Rear Admiral United States Navy, Commander in Chief U. S. Naval
Force on Pacific Station.
March 11, 1899.
they were stopped by an armed Ma
taafa party. Their business was de
manded, and when the native leader
was informed they wished to see Ma
taafa, he curtly replied that no one
could see Mataafa, but if the officers
had any letter for him it would be de
livered and the officers could wait
where they were for an answer. Lieu
tenant Miller handed the ultimatum to
the chief and told him this letter re
quired no answer.
In Apia a force of fifty men had taken
up a position in the center of the town
next the courthouse, which was for the
time being' turned into a war office and
hospital. These- were Porpoise men un
der Lieutenant Cave. Twenty British
bluejackets under Lieutenant Gaunt
were installed at the British consulate.
Each party had a quick-firing machine
gun and a six-pound held piece. To the
west of Mulinuu and along the main
road was posted a force of fifty Ameri
cans under Lieutenant Landsdale. With
the guard at Mulinuu neck was a
twelve-pounder and a. Colt machine
gun. A party of Americans protected
the United Btates consulate under Lieu
tenant Perkins. They also had a ma
chine gun and field piece. British Con
sul Maxse and Lieutenant Miller on
horseback reconnoitered the back roads
of Apia. They met armed posts, but
were not interfered with in any way
pt once, when a rebel covered Lieu
tenant Miller with his rifle. The lieu
tenant was unarmed, but owing to the
prompt aid of the Consul and Mr.
Gaunt, who accompanied them, the
smalt party of natives broke and fled.
The report was quickly in town that
the Consul's party had been captured,
and bluejackets under Cave hastened
to the rescue. The report was untrue
and the Consul and lieutenant were met
riding home in safety.
Early next morning: notice was spread
that if no answer were received from
Mataafa by 1 o'clock the admiral's flag
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PROCLAMATION.
Piece of Folly of the
German Consul That
Is Causing War.
By the proclamation of the
Admiral of the United States,
dated the 11th of March, was
made known that the three
Consuls 01 the signatory pow
ers of the Berlin treaty, as
well as the three commanders
of the men of war, had been
unanimous to no more recog
nize the provisional govern
ment composed of Mataafa
and the thirteen chiefs.
I therefore make known to
you that this proclamation
was not at all correct. I, the
German Consul General, con
tinue to recognize the pro
visional government of Samoa
until I have received contrary
instructions from my Gov
ernment. ROSE,
German Consul General.
March 13, 1899.
ship would fire one of her large guns,
followed by three-minute guns. No an
swer was sent. Mataafa, buoyed up by
German talk and vague hints of sup
port, defied the admiral. . The natives
were fully persuaded that the German
proclamation would have the effect of
deterring the admiral from opening fire
on them.
At the request of Admiral Kautz.
Captain Sturdee assumed command of
th<> combined forces on shore. Flas
Lieutenant Miller of the Philadelphia
assisting. Dr. Lung was at Mulinuu2
with his comrades from the flagship.
While these forces were taking up their
positions the whole of the native popu
lation of Apia— men. women and child-
ren — were streaming by order to Mu
linuu for safety and protection behind
the gallant bluejackets under Lieuten
ant Brown. General operations were,
of course, under the command of Ad
miral Kautz.
Af soon as the land forces were sta
tioned the Philadelphia opened nre by
throwing a shell Into the outskirts of
Apia. The Royalist followed with some
6-iQch shells. 'The Porpoise went outside
the harbor, and proceeding a couple of
miles down the coast bombarded the vil
lage of Vaimoso, where large numbers of
E were supposed to be. Some boats
were destroyed here, but all nativ.es tied
to the dense bush at the back. The accu
racy of the Porpoises firing was the
th^me of general admiration, both of
American and British officers. She is the
only ship of the attacking force which
powdi i . and her guns
make far less report than those of the
others.
The church at Vaimoso was smashed by
a shell and another tore away a portion
( f the veranda and house of the manager
of the German plantation at Vaitelt. The
wholt of the outskirts of Apia were
shelled from the harbor, about seventy
shells being fired before dusk, when firing
a time. Every village around
1 Hiring the firing a
shell from the Philadelphia, which was
sighted for 2500 yards, was tired at the
village of Moata to the east of the Ameri
can consulate. Unfortunately it exploded
when it had only gone 1100 yards and
knocked over an outbuilding of the con
sulate and damaged the veranda of the
main building. the American
. was injured i:
■ ieneral <■-
;t the consulate, and
have been all through the trouble. The
■ ate is pr. I
trenches, as is the British consulate,
which is about - : . further to the
wes:.
During the bombardment no natives
were seen belonging to the Mataafa party.
Prior to the firing of the first gun by tho j
flagship a body of rebels very nearly sue- !
ceeded in capturing the British Consul I
and consulate. About a half hour before '
the first gun was tired a party of them
rushed U£ to within thirty yards of the ;
building, but the guard was ready and !
stood tirm and the rebels retired precipi- j
tately. They evidently thought they
would have surprised the bluejackets. The
natives rired no shots, neither did the'
sailors, as orders had been issued by tho j
admiral. "No firing except fired on "until:
after the rim shell from the Philadel- ;
phia."
As soon as night fell the electric
searchlight began an incessant watch
along the fore shore. An attack under I
cover of darkness was expected, as it was
then easy tor an attacking force to come :
within a few score yards of the white '
forces without being discovered. The I
whole of Apia, with the exception of the :
immediate spots around houses, is cov
ered with banana patches and other :
dense vegetation, through which it is ;m- ,
possible to detect any one at a great di=
tance. At dusk the Britishers had a j
skirmish with the enemy close to the
Tivoli Hotel. Whether any rebels were
killed cannot be said, as it is the cus- i
tom of the Sampans to carry off their
dead and wounded from the field of bat- '
tit to save them from mutilation. Among
the --.moans any one captured by the
enemy, no matter how slightly he be •
wounded, is immediately decapitated ;
The captured head is taken in triumph i
to the leader of the successful band
Sentries were posted all along the main
street, and no one was allowed to go :
about without a pass. Cp to 2 o'clock
on the morning of March 14 all was dark
and quiet as far as any attack was con-.
cerned. From different points volleys \
were fired at spots where the rebels were
thought to be lying, and the field guns '
and Nordenfeldte poured forth tneir
deadly charge. Firing was heard at Ma
tantu in the direction of the consulates
and a little later, abo 2:30 a. m., a rush
was made by some rebels on the <Mjard '
by the Tivpli. Sharp firing ensued, and
lour British were shot: two dead and
two were wounded. One of the latter
has since died. From this time until
daylight an attack was hourly expected
but nont came. At the request of tne ;
British , a Maxim gun was sent from tne
Philadelphia to the" British consulate"
and with it some men to work it. There
may now be seen combined forces of '
British and , Americans guarding the
British Consul.
On March 15 Mullnuu was strengthened
by earthworks and trenches, and a large
space was cleared of tne dense man
grove bush, which was growing up to
within a score of yards of the American
position. A body of 300 Malietoana had
their rifles returned to them from the
Porpoise, and rendered good service t>v
clearing brush and scrub at various por
tions of the township. After the Mataata
success of January 1 the rebels burned
all the native houses in the central por
tion of Apia which belonged to Maaetpa
people, it was now decided necessary
to burn the rebel village of Vaiala. be"
hind the two consulates, as the shelter
of the houses there enabled the rebels to
approach to within 100 yards of the con
sulate.
The German warship Falke was a: i
■ with dispa ■
to serve German interests. She had
tually taken, a large quantity of Sour on
board and several head of cattie when
Admiral Kautz became aware of her in
tend-d departure.
"Where are you going?" inquired the
admiral.
'•To the harbor of Saluafata," was the
response.
Saluafata is twelve miles to the east of
Apia, and one of Mataafa's strongest !
towns is there. It is here German war
snips are accustomed to stay during their
absence from Apia.
. "Stay where you are and be ready to
afford refuge to your own countrymen
in the time of danger," was the ad- i
miral s rejoinder.
So. on the day following the first fight- !
ing the Falke was crowded with German
families. It was noticeable that the Ger
mans had. at the signal, congregated 1
at Soki. where the premises of the Ger
man firm are. but had noT sought shel
ter on the vessels. No doubt this was !
owing to the idea that the admiral was !
only playing a game of bluff, and also '
to the idea that, the Germans being
friendly to Mataafa. their property would
be respected by the rebels. I
During Thursday. March 16, matters ;
W £ re f|^ le i- u ai i fl the sailors, many of
whom had had no sleep for forty-eight
hours, tried to snatch a rest. About dusk '
the Americans at Matafele fired on- a body :
of Mataaxans. but no one was killed In
the early morning there was sharp firing
i£?« n £ }£ '" T {™». , and the British ship!
?£ P P£ n Fit* 1 , , a fe F Phel!s - wh 'ch had !
the effect of driving back the foe. About '
the same hour an attack was made by
about 200 rebels on the two consulates
They got within thirty yards of The
i n<? C h >ff • T sl i ' ai '? rS behav ed splendidly.
and the Gatling (from the flagship) did
good work. The rebels retreated* All the
guards are suffering from want of sleep
and exhaustion At the consulate (Brit
-ISMI.IJite A r , ant Ga unt and th Consul are
aided by Major General Cunliffe of the
British army who acts as officer of the
station. During the attack one seaman !
from the Philadelphia was killed and one
Royalist native was shot in both legs I
There is intense feeling here against the i
Germans, and they are accused of "nvinl
and giving Information to the rebels The !
fighting by night is an entirely new de
parture in Sampan warfare, as 'is also the I
system of dividing into small band All
this points to German teaching. The no
torious Yon Bulow, who led the rebels on
January 1, is not in Apia, and it Is not i
known where he is. One Marquardt who !
took a native troupe to the Continent a
few years ago. and who has, under the I
provisional government, acted on the dual i
capacity of "peace officer " and drillmas
ter to the rebels, is a suspect, and ha 3
been arrested. He was taken on the Por
poise, but Admiral Kautz has since al
lowed him to go on the FaJke on receiv- I
ing the word of honor of the German can- '
tain that he would not be allowed to de- i
part from the Falke. This leniency was
shown on account of the dangerous Illness
of the prisoner's wife.
A half-caste. Taylor, was arrested on
the first day. and is still in irons on the I
Porpoise as a spy. He had been in com- ;
munication with the rebels and one Moore
an American of shady reputation and "a
Mataafa sympathizer. Moors himself is
confined to his own store and is allowed
to see no one except in the presence and
hearing of a sentry. This Moors has
backed up the German tales to Mataafa
and is directly responsible for much of the
harm. «
During Friday night. March 17. there
was some exceedingly annoying shooting
done by a small party, possibly one or
two, and strongly suspected of btins a
couple of Germans. They fired at the
searchlight of the Porpoise. Fortunate
ly no harm was done, but the ship was
struck several times. The firing seemed
to come from the direction of a store
owned by a Frenchman (Lotofie), a strong
Mataafa man. Next afternoon a raid was
made on the store by the British and sev
enteen rifles were found.
During the last three days; with the
exception of a skirmish yesterday at
Motootua, a half mile froxa *•• Quit,!
MAC ARTHUR KEEPS
TAGALLOS MOVING
MANILA, April 7. 4:5n p. m . —Gen
eral MacArthur"s operations con
sist, temporarily, in daily recon
naissances in various directions.
for the purpose of keeping in
touch with the rebels and ascertaining
their movements. The Fourth Cavalry
and two guns were out all the morning
in the direction of Bairasoain, a little
north of Malolos.
In the meantime the dredgers are
busy clearing the channel of the Rio
Grande to Pampagua.
The United States double-turreted
monitor Monadnock is patrolling the
bay in the vicinity of Bakoor, keeping
the rebels in motion and dropping oc
casional shells among them in response
to their musketry fire.
Saul, reported to have been bom
barded by the Baltimore, is merely a
suburb of Dagupan, which, as cabled
exclusively to the Associated Press on
Thursday morning last, was bombarded
by the United States cruiser Charleston
Saturday because one of her boats
was fired upon and an officer wounded
whiie inshore making soundings.
NEW YORK, April 7.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: General
Mac Arthur's division, which has been
resting at Malolos. will resume its
northward movement without further
delay. Information received from Ma
nila indicates that reconnoitering- par
ti, s have discovered a large body of in
surgents under the command, it is be
lieved, of Aguinaldo, in the vicinity of
Calumpit. and it is intended to scatter
or crush them if they will remain and
light.
The authorities would like nothing
better than to have the Filipinos make
a stand against MacA*thur. as they be
lieve a crushing defeat will do more
just at 'his time to end the rebellion
than ~a*V thing else. General Otis
may make demonstrations against
the southern bands of insurgents
while General Mac Arthur continues his
northward movement.
The Journal's correspondent at Ma
nila cables to-day that paciflcos who
have returned within the American
lines report the death of General M'in
ter.egie. who was regarded as. next to
Aguinaldo, the most influential and ag
gressive of the Filipino leaders. The
report is credited at Manila, whtre it
is believed the gc-neral fell while de
fending Malolos.
ADDITIONAL CASUALTIES
REPORTED BY OTI3
WASHINGTON. April 7.— Under to
day's date General' Otis reported from
i to Adjutant General Corbln the
■ ing casualties not heretofore re
ported:
Killed: Third Artillery, March 25— Com-
K. Sergeant Edwin W. Wall.
Wounded: Company H— Private Rich
ard King, scalp, slight: I^-Privat.
liam B. French, forearm, slight; Privati
Fred A. John, hand, slignt.
when a rebel crowd of about fifty came in
t with some MaUetoas, then
iiO fighting in the town. The de
fenses have been strengthened by the
mounting of an additional gun and a
couple of mines have been laid h
a rush into the town. The Porpoise has
r^-guiarly left harbor every day since
last Sunday morning and returned in the
::g. to be at hand in case of the ne
cessity of repelling an attack by night.
In the cruises up and down the coast she
has already destroyed and burned the
rebel towns of Malic. Fa^itotal and Yai
lutal, in Aaana. and Lunluri. Saluafata
and Fauleapuna, in Atua. Every time she
returns to harbor she trails behind her a
string of six or seven large boats, which
are immediately taken to the Malietoa
quarters at Mulinuu. Captain Sturdee,
with a humanity creditable to his nation
and himself d«es as little killing in these
expeditions as possible. The destruction
of the towns and boats is h;s object.
Th. ( the white residents are
to w being looted in the vicinity of
Apia. Up to date the chief sufferers are
Mr. Skeen. the resident magistrate, and
Mr. Carruthers, one of the counsel for
Malietoa in the late trial. The houses of
Mr. R>-i';. the contractor for supplies to
the British ships, and of Mr. Gurr. the
other counsel for Malietoa. which are only
a half mile from the beach, have been
ransacked. Mr. Reid's is. so far. with
the exception of Vaiteie plantation house,
the only house that has suffered from the
shelling. A shell from one of the British
Bhlps went through his bedroom and has
made a complete wreck of that portion of
his dwelling. In addition to these the
homes of Messrs. ParUer (well known in
San Francisco). Huch. Ix>ber and Schmidt
have be%n looted, and what could not be
taken away has been destroyed.
■ of the shells from the Philadelphia,
owing, it is thought, to a defective fuse.
and which was tired directly over the
town, burst a couple of hundred yards
from the ship and severely wounded a
loyal native in the thigh. One of the
American officer? was slightly wounded
in the face. Owing to these two unfor
tunate premature explosions the admiral
has decided not to fire over the town
again except in dire necessity.
Last Saturday when the flagship shelled
Yaimoso she left the harbor and shelled
from outside the reef a couple of miles to
rd. On the same day the admiral
required the Falke. which had persistent
ly kept her position so as to Incommode
the tire of the British ships, to remove
either further toward the shore or to take
a position outside all the other war yes-
The German now lies just inside the
harbor entrance.
KAUTZ BITTER TOWARD
THE GERMAN CONSUI
APIA. Samoa, March 24.— 1 had an in
terview with Ailmiral Kautz yesterday.
He spoke quite freely on the situation,
and considers he has been grossly in
sulted by the German Consul General is
puing his counter proclamation. The
admiral takes the stand that the Berlin
treaty, which he Is instructed by his Gov
ernment to uphold, does not make any
provision whatever for a provisional gov
ernment. His instructions are to carry
out the treaty in accordance with the
views of a majority of the consular rep
resentatives. The admiral is very angry
with the German Consul, and blames him
entirely for the present attitude of the
rebels, as the" natives were obeying his
command to retire to their homes when
the German proclamation was issued.
At the meeting of the Consuls and sen
ior naval officers on the flagship the ad
miral explained his position. Lnder the
treaty there could be no provisional gov
ernment, and the agreement under which
it had been recognized under peculiar
and trying circumstances for the protec
tion of life *nd property was just as pro
visional as the government itself. He
had to stand by the Supreme Court, and
he hoped that a plan of action would
be agreed upon for restoring peace to the '
island without the intervention of armed I
force. The British and American Con- ■
suis and naval officers agree with the j
admiral. The German Consul said that I
having accepted the provisional govern
or couid not recede from his posi
tion under any circumstances whatever
until he had instructions from Berlin.
Later after the meeting. Rose nut his
views in writing to the admiral and sanJ
German warships could act only if Ger
man property or life were to be pro
tected against danger or in the case of
the Supreme Court issuing a warrant tor
arrest against individuals. On no other
ground could German warships interfere
in Samoa, and according to instructions
under which he acted there would be no
military interference by Germany. He
also protested against the issuing" of the
proclamation by Admiral Kautz pending
instructions from the treaty powers; also
against the return to Apia of the de
ported Malietoans. which was a m>
to the peace of Samoa, and he renri:
the admiral that the Falße had v.
roralM to help acenrdins: to th< ad
miral's proclamation. He v\i> afraid the
admiral's proclamation would do harm,
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
THE FILIPINO GENERAL MONTENEGRO.
March 27: Company X— Second Lieuten
ant Lloyd England, finger, slight;
geant William Montgomery, hand, slight.
First Washington, March 26: Com]
B— Private William B. Pyncheon. hand,
slight.
Tenth Pennsylvania. March 30: Com
pany D— Private George B. Gimms, foot,
-
First Colorado. March 31: Company C—
Private <3eorge P. Dyerman. shoulder,
slight.
Twenty-third Infantry. Company L—
ral John L. Jones, hand, moderate.
and that already people were afraid of
the rebels around Apia.
The admiral replied that he must be
governed in his actions I Ictlon
of his duty and not by his f-'-ars. That in
his proclamation he meant exa< tly what
he said and was not speaking flippantly,
and what he had pro> .-laimej he would
do. The fact that with all his •
spondi to the admiral
the German Consul did not consider it
->ary to forward a copy of his coun
ter proclamation to th< admiral had not
increased th> feeling between the
admiral and the Consul. Never bef •
rficial had the admiral been treated
in such an uncourterius and insulting;
manner. In conclusion thi admiral said
he did not intend to be bulldozed by any
German Consul, and he didn't intend to
lose any sleep over the matter.
M'KINLEY'S MEANING
FULLY UNDERSTOOD
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN. April 7.— The German Gov
ernment, through the medium of the
Herald, wishes to contradict the state
ment of the Standard and other English
papers to the effect that Pr-r.
Kinl<~-y's remarks
events in Samoa. ar< regarded by this
Government as an apology. That
ment the German Government takes as
being mischievous, and it wishes it to
be known at Washington that the words
used by the President were int--r;
here solely as sentiments of loyalty to
the treaty of Berlin and absolutely noth
ing else.
INCIDENT THAT ADDED
TO AMERICAN PRESTIGE
Louis Janin Jr.. a well-known California
and Nevada mining man. had an exciting
experience at Samoa while returning on
the Mariposa to San Francisco from the
Antipodes. In common with his fellow
passengers, Mr. Janin was naturally anx
ious to go ashore and view the ravages
caused by the native war.
"I was landed." he said yesterday, "at
! the International Hotel at the Muhnmi end
iof the town. I found the place garrisoned
like a military post, as it was the head
quarters of the landing party from the
Philadelphia. At last we got a pass from
j Lieutenant Lansdale, the officer in charge,
i allowing me to walk along the beach road
I as far as the Supreme Court. Everywhere
j we found signs of ruin and desertion. The
stores were closed and no whites were
about. As to the natives, they had all
disappeared. The Mataafa rebels had
fled into the bush behind the town, where
they were being shelled by the men-of-
I war. The loyal followers of Malietoa
Tanu. the young King who was crowned
just before our arrival, were intrenched
on the Mulinuu peninsula. Armed sailors
from the Philadelphia patroliecT the roads
and it was not safe to venture more than
a few yards inland. We tried to explore
one of the side paths leading from the
beach to a native village, but were speed
ily confronted by a half-naked savage and
an ug!y looking rifle. He seemed to mean
business, so we retired.
"At the Tivoli Hotel we came under
British care and had to get another pass.
Everywhere there was the greatest
friendship and camaraderie between Eng
lish and Americans, but nowhere couui
the Germans be seen. In fact, the Ger
mans were practically prisoners on board
the Falke or in their own stores, for th-v
could not get passes to proceed along the
beach.
"The charges for the Philadelphia V -\
inch guns proved in many cases defective.
The powder was either weak in explosive
effect or else hung fire to such an extent
as to destroy the aim of the gun. In
some instances the shells burst prema
turely, one striking the American con
sulate and wounding a marine. As the
result of this. Admiral Kautz decided to
go outside one day and thoroughly test
his ammunition.
"This action Led to a ludicrous blun
der, though it told entirely in favor of
the Americans. The German warship
Falke happened to be outside on th>
.-arm- day.- and when the Americans
opened fire the natives jiaturally <_on
d thai war between tile nations had
begun. As the F.'ilke returned to port
!Irst. they also assumed that she had
been ignominiously driven back b>- the
United States cruiser. T*He prestige of
our nation gained immensely by this
little unrehearsed incident. The Ameri
can sailors are very popular with the
loyal natives, and the presence of a pow
erful cruiser like the Philadelphia has
■ onvlnced them that the United States
B a power !■> be counted with. German
influence has been correspondingly di
minishing, for the failure of the Germans
to cany out their promise of protection
to Mataafa. and the inaction of the Falke
Killed: April 4. First Montana. Com
pany L— Corporal O. Rowlands.
Wounded: Band Sergeant George W.
''■well, ankle, slight: Company G— Pri-
WiHiam J. Br.rt. knee, severe: M—
Private Frank Laxidermann. chest, se-
Answering inquiry. Albert W. Hartris
gt-n. Company E, Fourth Cavalry, was
■ allot in barracks on March
]" with a revolver in the hands of Pri
vate Stolkman, same troop. He died the
following morning. Investigation by the
br>;inl of officers has been mailed. •
during the fighting have led the natives
rhe sincerity of the Teutuns."
Among the passengers by the Manposa
was James MacMahOn, one of the lead
leatrical managers in Australia. Mr.
dabon comes t" this country in con
on with stage business, but prefers
the details of his mission
at present. While at Apia he took the
the scene of war. and
a vivid picture of the terrible con
dition ot this once flourishing little town.
"The only hotel open." he said, "was
the International, which Is the head
"iiiarters of the American officers from
the Philadelphia. We were only allowed
to pass along the beach road by special
permit, and then in company with a
strong gruard. All the stores were de
serted, and Mataafa'e men had fled to
the bush behind the town, where they
had l>e<-n shelled by the warships only
the day before. The white population
had sought refuge at the mission, or
on hoard the warships. There were 200
refugees on board the Royalist at one
time, but the overcrowding led to such
an unsanitary condition of affairs that
The Europeeans had to be landed. The
British ships Porpoise and Royalist, the
United States cruiser Philadelphia and
nnan Falke were in port.
"Just before we left the British cruiser
Tauraoga came steaming in through the
reef at full speed, and brought up close
to the Philadelphia. Her officers told
me that she had come full speed all the
:rom Tougas under special orders.
It was a magnificent display of naviga
tion as the great ship made her way
through the crowded harbor.
"MaJietoa Tami was crowned King the
day :■••• we left, and now that
there are so many war vessels in port It
is not expected there will be any more
• with the natives. The Germans
are kept closely on board their ships or
in the German consulate, where many
have- taken refuge, so that they have no
opportunity to make further trouble."
ENGLAND ANNEXES
THE TONGA ISLANDS
NUKUALOFA. Tonga. Dec. 13, IS9S.—
Quite a ripple of excitement is prevailing
in this Rip Van Winkle place, caused by
the appearance of H. M. S. Tauronga
last Tuesday. The captain at once
called on his Majesty. George Tubou. and
it soon leaked out that something very se
rious was in the wind.
About three months ago Herr Gruno,
the German Vice Consul at Samoa, ar
rived and made a demand on the Tongan
Government for claims amounting to
£23.000 for debts contracted by Tongans
with the German traders. Many of these
accounts are of over twenty years' stand
ing and the Government repudiated the
claims.
Mr. Gruno left for Samoa and rumor
had it that unless the full amount were
paid Germany Intended to seize You You,
the best harbor in the group and the
largest one in the South Pacific, outside
of Papeete harbor in Tahiti.
Herr Gruno returned to Samoa and a
German warship was expected here later
to enforce the claim. The Tauronga
sailed from Sydney at a few hours' no
tice under sealed orders to Fiji, where
the captain and Governor were closeted
for several hours, and the Touronga
steamed here as fast as her engines could
propel her. To-day the captain r^main^d
with the King for three hours, and the
British protectorate will be hoisted at 9
o'clock to-morrow. The Tauronga has on
board £25.000 to pay Germany, as Great
Britain assumes the claim just.
ELL WELL ON THE STAND.
Denies That He Attempted to Bribe
Santa Cruz Supervisors'.
SANTA CRUZ. April 7.— At the trial of
F. D. Ellwell for an alleged attempt to
bribe Supervisors the defendant to-day
. ri that he never attempted to bribe
N. Mosher. He said he met Mosher and
asked him about the rumored change in
Aptos bridge plans. Mosher replied some
one had changed the plans. No mention
of money was made. He emphatlcallv
denied the statement made on the wit~
nesa stand by Mosher. The case goes to
the jury to-morrow.
Yosemite Valley,
Via Inspiration Point, now open for tour
ists. Roads in excellent condition Now
is the time to see Yosemite. Stages run
daily. Sleeping car to Raymond com
mencing April 9. Office S. P. Co. 613 Mkt *
Threw a Stone at the Queen.
NSW YORK. April 7.— A special cable
to the Sun from Rome says: A drunken
man threw a stone this afternoon into
the carriage in which Queen Margherita
was riding. The missile missed the
Queen, who displayed no alarm over the
affair. The man was arrested. No polit-
Ical importance attache? to his act.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH
l ts rc-ruud thfc money If It fails to cure.
25c. The genuine has h. B. Q. on each tablet.
CALIFORNIA
ARTILLERY TO
THE FRONT
Does Gallant Work at the
Capture of San Rogue
From the Enemy.
TRICK OF TAGALLOS
Disnlayed a Flag of Truce and
Then Fired the Place as the
Americans Advanced
Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, March 4.— A Cavite special
to Freedom, dated February 24, givesthe
first story of .the capture of San Rogue,
in which California artillery played a
part, as follows:
The burning of Sun Rogue and the
! complete routing of the insurgent Gen-
I eral Astrillia and his army of about
! on February 8 was a complete success,
arid much credit is due to the lowa In
fantry and California and Nevada Ar
tillery for the quick and effective man
ner in which the work was accomplished.
General Astrillia had been warned that
he must raise a white flag over his head
quarters and lay down his arms by 9
o'clock on the morning of the Bth or
our forces would bombard and take the
city. No one expected that he would
surrender, and it was with some surprise
that shortly before the appointed time
one of the largest white flags yet brought
i into service was hoisted over the insur
fent blockhouse. Colonel Lopez of ttie
owa regiment, who is in command here.
! and his advisors, put but little confidence
; in the faith of the insurgents, however.
! and instead of sending only a few men
! over to treat with the insurgent leaders ,
I the forces were at once made ready for
an attack.
It was well that no faith was placed in
the flag of truce, for as soon as the
I treacherous insurgents siw that our
; forces were not going to fall into their
trap they poured out of the hidden rifle-
Eit where they had been stationed and
egan to apply the torch to every build-
I ing in their reach, hoping in this manner
! to delay the advance of the American
i forces long enough to allow them to re
: treat, which plan worked successfully, as
1 it was some time before it was safe to
1 start in pursuit, and even then the Sec
i ond and Third battalions of the Wyoming
i boys, with their beautiful three-inch
pieces, could get no further than the
causeway, as their guns were too heavy
to allow them to make the speed neces
i sary to carry them through the mass of
■ burning and falling buildings upon every
hand. So to the lowan* and Californians
I alone was left the task of driving off the
, insurgents and preventing any further
' spread of the conflagration. The lowans.
consisting of Companies E. C, L, M, G,
I I. B and K. under command of Majors
; Hume and Moore, respectively, and Bat
-1 teries A and D of the California Artil
; lr-ry. armed with Springfields and several
, small gatlings. gave chase. It was
j through a raging furnace that they
i charged and right well did they do their
i duty.
The eight companies of lowans de
i ployed so as to form a complete line
across the town, and then onward through
> the burning city they pressed, closely fol
lowed by the artillerymen under Major
Rice. Up one street they would go, only
to find it blocked with burning ruins, then
down another, where perhaps they might
• get through, though often compelled to
; retire to the coast and plunge into the bay
' to their waist in order to pass burning
obstructions the fleeing insurgents had
! erected to cover their hasty retreat.
For about five miles through fire and
water our forces pushed onward, when
they were halted and a camp prepared.
which camp is now our outpost and has
been thoroughly intrenched, and is now
defended by the Third Battalion of the
: lowans. part of Batteries A and D of the
; California and Battery A of the Nevada
. Artillery and Troop A of the Nevada
Cavalry, the Second Battalion of lowa
bfing ordered back to Cavite. which city
they now hold, the Fiist Battalion having
been ordered to Manila to do duty on the
outposts there.
. There was no loss of life on our side.
though one of the lowa boys *was badly
; cut by a knife in the hands of a sneak
ing native, whose life paid the penalty
for the cowardly attempt he made. It
is not known what the insurgent loss
was. but as several are known to have
i fallen before the deadly Springfields
! while engaged in their hellish work of
1 spreading the fires, and many charred
< remains have been found in the ruins,
while several bodies have since been dis
i covered in the woods near the outpost,
; it is thought that their loss was consld
; erable.
This is the first opportunity the lowa
boys have had to show their skill, but
from the way they did their duty during
this dangerous day it is safe to say that
| if ever given a chance they will prove
i themselves worthy the good name they
: bear.
Captain Geary of the California Ar
tillery has been appointed provost
marshal of Cavite and has cleared the
town of spies and suspicious charac
ters. .
SCANDIA BRINGS THE
BODIES OF HEROES
Continued from First Page.
Grant, Company A; Corporal A. G. Mor
rison, F.
Third Artillery— Privates R. G. Benson,
H. H. Cole. Batten- H; J. J. NidWßll, K.
First Washington— Privates S. P. Drake,
Company A; Corporal M. J. Craig. L.
First Tennessee— Sergeant Major C. J.
Smith.
Eighteenth Infantry — Sergeant C. W.
Leftwlch, Company M; Corporal W. W.
Hines, C; PHvate G. Acaff, G.
Tenth Pennsylvania— Corporal E. C. Long.
Company H.
Twenty-third Infantry— Sergeant Joseph
Kenny, Company C; Privates L. A. Verne
and E. Rumhach, H.
V. S. S. Petrel— Seaman Emil Bettgen.
Twentieth Kansas— Corporal J. R. Elliott,
Company G.
Fourth Cavalry— Private? Martin Matthias,
Troop Ci T. J. Flynn. (J; Charles Fromberg,
I; David Thomas, X; Sergeant M. H. Beach,
C.
Twenty-third Infantry — Private Rood
Gtte, Company H.
First Idaho— Privates J. TV\ Frederick,
Company B; Harry McConville. D.
Fourth Infantry— Private H. J. Bates,
Company L.
Prisoner? for Alcatra*— Privates Mar
tin H. de Laney. H. Third Artillery:
H. A. Lyons, B. First Colorado; George
Patterson. L. Fourteenth Infantry: w. a
Bianck. H, Third Artillery; H. X. JJc-
Kerney. H. Fir?! South Dakota.
Dishonorably discharged— Privates H. C.
Falls. E. First Montana; Cornelius Holmes,
F, Eighteenth Infantry; J. P. Green, B,
First Montana.
RIVER CHANNEL PRESERVED.
WOODLAND. April 7.— M. A. Nurse, en
gineer in the department of public works,
is enthusiastic over the manner in which
the big easement at Elkhorn performed
its work. He says that the demonstra
tion that it is one of the most feasible and
practicable methods of preserving the
channel of the river and of averting the
devastation of large tracts of farming
land by flood waters has been complete
and convincing.
As soon as the water subsides Mr. Nurse
will make a critical examination of the
weir, levees and the adjacent country,
with a view of determining how both may
WAR OF RACES
ON A PLANTATION
NEAR HONOLULU
Japanese Jlttaek, Chinese, Killing
Tfcree and Wounding
.Many.
HONOLULU, March 27.-The Marshal and the Honolulu police wew
called to Kahuku yesterday by the most serious racial outbreak that
has ever occurred on the islands. Two hundred and fifty Japanese
laborers of the Kahuku plantation, crudely but heavily armed, made
a sudden foray upon the unsuspecting Chinese laborers of the planta
tion, who with their wives and children were spending the leisure of the day
in their own quarters. The attack was premeditated, organized and sudden.
The Japanese had sent their women and children to the mill and other
places of safety. Moving out of their own quarters suddenly and in a body,
they caught the. Chinese at a disadvantage, killing three of them, fatally
injuring two or three more, wounding a large number and driving the re
mainder in a panic to the canefields.
The trouble between the Chinese and Japanese at Kahuku has been
brewing for some time, but did not reach a serious crisis untii yesterday.
It was about 2 o'clock in the afternoon when this large party of Japanese
visited the Chinese quarters and began the assault. The Japanese were
armed with what are known as spiked.clubs. knives, axes and various other
weapons. It is said not one of the Chinamen had anything to fight with
and the entire party was helpless.
In the fight which ensued three Chinamen were beaten to death and
twelve were badly wounded. Some forty or fifty were slightly wounded.
As soon as the alarm had spread to the plantation Manager Weight
and a number of the lunas rushed to the quarters. After considerable dif
ficulty they succeeded in staying the fight and then drove the Japanese
back to their own camp. At the same time the affair was reported to the
Marshal. Shortly after 9 o'clock Minister Cooper, Marshal Brown, Prose
cuting Attorney A. L. C. Atkinson, ten mounted police and a squad of foot
police started for the scene on a special train.
The first work of the Marshal at Kahuku was to institute a martial
law system on a small scale. Guards were placed here and there to pre
vent the belligerents getting together again. With the thirty men from
town there were several from Waialua, as well as the police from Koolau,
making in all about fifty-five officers. The night was spent locating the
Chinese, many of whom had fled, and getting the men known to have been
in the fight into places where they could be guarded. Both camps, it is un
derstood, were surrounded as soon as the Marshal's party reached the scene.
Just before daylight a Coroner's jury was impaneled to investigate the
killing of the three Chinese. Numerous witnesses, nearly all Chinese, were
examined. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the men were
murdered.
From the evidence adduced at the Coroner's hearing and other indica
tions gathered during the progress of the investigation, twenty-three Jap
anese were arrested and were brought to the city on a special train this
afternoon. They were believed to be the ringleaders. As before stated the
twelve Chinese who were so badly injured are also on the special train, com
ing to the hospital for treatment. Two or more of them may not survive
their wounds.
There were at the camps, most of whom were mixed up in the fight. 300
Chinamen and 225 Japanese. Both of the Chinese camps were surrounded
by the Japanese at the start of the row and fighting went on at both
places.
There are in the jailed party twenty-three Japanese and seventeen
Chinese. The latter are all more or less injured and are here for treat
ment. They will be taken care of at the hospital at the prison. All the
Japanese are believed to have been principals in the fight of Sunday after
noon. Three men in the party are thought to have been the instigators and
generals of the massacre.
No charges have yet been preferred against any of the men. The case
of each will be thoroughly investigated. It probably will be a week before
accusations will be preferred. In the meantime the men will be held under
the general term "for investigation."
be improved. His present idea is that the
■ >f the easement may be raised about
a foot without jeopardizing any of the
levees i- !"V. .
During the recent freshet the water
stood at about twenty-four feet at Sacra
mento for nearly a week. He thinks it
cnul<i have been maintained at twfnty
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 The April Winds That Tell
of the Violet's "Birth"
Tell no sweeter story to humanity than
the announcement that the health-giver and
health-bringer, Hood's Sarsaparilla, tells of
the birth of an era of good health* It is
the one reliable specific for the cure of all
blood troubles — which are the foundations
of nearly all others. Therefore it follows
that Hood's is needed in every household.
sexes and all ages praise it
Spring Medicine— "Hood's Sarsa' ! Spring and Fall— "Spring and Fa
parilla is invaluable as a spring medicine s it I take Hood's Sarsaparilla and it does me
invigorates the whole system. I take it ■ more good than any other medicine." A.
every spring and through the year as a G, Rhodes, Milnes. Va.
blood purifier." L. U. Gilman, Aurelia, la. Springtime— "For years I have used
Weak and Sickly— "l have been Hood's Sarsaparilla in my family as a spring
weak and sickly all my life, but Hood's tonic and purifier of blood. It is a strength'
Sarsaparilla has made me healthy and ener," W, M. Potter, Bath, Me.
strong, and I would not be without it." j Dyspepsia— "l used Hood's Sarsa'
Vernie F. Earnhart, Saw, N, C. parilla for dyspepsia, indigestion and gen'
Languor— "ln the spring lam obliged eral lassitude, and it worked like a charm."
to take some kind of medicine for languor R. P. Capen, Augusta, Me,
and lassitude, and I find Hood's Sarsaparilla Indigestion— "l could not sit up or
is the best to make a person feel steady, j eat, I was troubled so with indigestion,
cheerful and happy." Gustave J. Sunder- ' Now, after taking Hood's Sarsaparilla, I work
mann, New Bremen, O. : all day and feel in perfect health." Miss
Swelling in Hip— "l suffered a year Clara Rurup, Seward, Neb,
with pains in my hip which swelled Sick Every Spring— "l was sick
greatly. A friend advised Hood's Sarsa- every spring for five years. I used five
parilla. I took it and it has entirely cured ■ bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla and have not
me " . Lillie - Brittenham. Hubbardstown. seen a sick day since." G. W, Sloan, Mil'
W. Va. I ton, Mass.
Health Run Down— "My wife was Impure Blood— Abscess— "An
all run down in health. After taking two abscess formed on my right side, caused
bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla she was feeling by impure blood. Hood's Sarsaparilla has
better and is now perfectly welL Eats well made me as sound as a dollar and the
and sleeps soundly." Charles N. Prediger. cure is permanent" W. H, Heffner, Al*
Blair, Neb. \ vira, Pa.
Dyspepsia— "Dyspepsia troubled me ; Languid and Dizzy— "FeeMng lan-
so I could not keep food on my stomach, quid and dizzy, with no appetite or ambi-
i Hospital treatment failed, but after taking tion, I took Hood's Sarsaparilla with the best
Hood's Sarsaparilla I am entirely weiL" results. F©r general debility I think it su-
C. E. O'Kelly, Kenwood, Miss. I perior to anything." H, Baum, Clinton, Ma
Hood's Tills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparitla.
five feet with perfect safety. If his con
clusions are correct there would be a
great advantage, both to the river and to
the farmers in raising the easement an
other foot. It is estimated that the work
can be done for less than 93060. A few
day?, at farthest, will determine what rec
. ommendations he will make.EMPRESS DOWAGER
SOUGHT HIS LIFE
Chinese Reformer Flees
to Canada.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, April 7.— Among the pas
- on the steamer Idzumi Maru.
Nippon Yusen Kaisha line, was
; Yu Wei, former Chief Commis
r of. China and second of the Chi
d of Public Works, and noted
Mid over as a Chinese reformer.
life was sought by the Empress
i^er some months ago when the
ror. Hong Su, was de-
I Having been warned in time.
d from the Chinese capital to the
whore he engaged passage on
iltish mail steamer Ballarat. He
pursued by the clientele of the
and a Chinese warship went
In pui>uit of the steamer on which he
Mas bound southward, intending to
ire him from the mail boat. The
ollicers of the Ballarat, seeing the Chi
warship, signaled for aid. and in
their signals H. M. B. Bona
another British shiD of
: the liner to Woo Sunc.
fugitive took passage on the
venture, which took him to HonK
malned at Hongkong a
time and then proceeded to Tokio,
ained until he took oas
i ia on the Idzumi Maru.
He will stay here two days and then
■ i Washington ana afterward
to London, England, where h<> will re
in the future.
While at Hongkong an attempt was
his life, a Chinese came to
u^k certain favors, and while they were
struck at him
with a k: assin was cap
tured by • r by, but afterward
Kai i says assassins hired to
■ : press Dowager are
ps waiting for a
irtunity to tarn the blood
his life. One who
ib him was arrested at
I remains in Jail there.
■ s :ape is housed with
■:, the Chinese customs
is allowed to approach
I
night a conference was held in the
the local Chinese society to
r the present movements of
He intended to go to
■ but later this evening
that he would go direct
: -hinjrton.
raed in semi-EuroDean
has clothes of European cut.
iih a long, blue Chinese
J!:s hair is cut short and he has
v- bristly Mack mustache and evi
s of a future beard. He looked
around him on the arrival of
thl always stands in the
r of a circle of his friends, as
gh to guard against possible at
-
THROWN FROM A HORS.C
REKA, April 7.— James O'l>ary,
i-yrar-old son of Patrick O'Leaxy,
Is life at Petrolia on Saturday. The
een sent late in the afternoon to
up a horse pastured on a river bar
rice from home. From indica
:)d appear that he had caught
and mounted it with no saddle
with only a piece of baling rope
' r the animal's under jaw to
him. The horse evidently got be
control and ran away. It
stopped suddenly when near
mk, pitching the boy over
boy a bead struck on a
rock, which crushed the skull
right temple. He was still alive
• a searching party at 9
ning, but never recovered
nd died on Tuesday night.
Released From t^ie Dungeon.
PAX QUENTIN, April T.-The six con
victs who were punished for alleged par
ticipation in a conspiracy to smuggle
into the prison and escape have
ised from solitary confinement
ipon whose word the men were
remains In the dun-
Will Reinstate Gomez.
HAVANA, April 7.— The Cuban generals
met ' • , nao and officially de
neral Maximo Gomez
In chief. They also decided
itlve board of three
st him in distributing the
Death at Santa Cruz.
SAXTA CRUZ, April 7.— Fred Kober, for
man;. in the shoe business
in th I evening 1 . He was C 3
native of Germany.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIFE or
DEATH.
A n<-fd educator and philosopher once said:
' "Health and disease are conditions on which
rtepend pleasure or sorrow, happiness or un-
happines?. success or failure. Health makes ;
a man equal to any emergency. Disease makes '
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life. It
Is economy to be well."
t - £ 0 \ A -en
UJ AD. I C
J a Wi x\ m H
8 Jmkdm i
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The old reliable and lcngest-estatllshed special-
Ists on the Pacific Coast.
.NERVOUS DEBILITY and all Its attend-
ing ailments of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and j
OLD M"n. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains In th»
lack, loins and kidneys and many other dls-
trrtsing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
cr r -r!al trt-atment can cure you. no matter who
cr what has failed.
WEAK KEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dls-
en?ep. overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored to full power, strength and vigor.
.RUPTURE cured by his new method with,
out knife, truss or detention from work— a pain-
less, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCKLE, hydrocele. swelling and
tenderness of the gland* treated eueceesfully
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON*, SYPH-
1 1. is and all disease* of the blood promptly
ond thoroughly cured and every trace of the
poison eradicated from the system forever
rcitnrir.c hea.lth and purity. ■ '
PRIVATE DISEASES, Inflammation, dis-
charges, etc.. which. If neglected or Improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and cause
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WHITE If you cannot call. Letters confi-
dential and answered in all languages. - •
HOME TREATMENT -The most success- I
ful home treatment known to the medical pro- I
fession. Thousands who were unable to call at !
office have been cured at home by our special
treatment. Consultation free. Call or address :
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., i
737 Market Rt.. San Francisco.
Office Hours — 9 to 12 m.: 2 to 5 and 7 to I
J-. p. m. ; Sunday* from 10, to 12.
PREMATURE PLAN
TO LYNCH MOORE
NEVADA CITY, April 7.—Excite
ment ran high here this morning
when a report reached Sheriff
Getchell from Chief of Police
Gall of Stockton that a man an
swering Outlaw Moore's description
was under surveillance there. The
fact that Farmer Nettleship and others
in the vicinity of Auburn had repeated
ly and persistently said they had seen
a man answering the fugitive's descrip
tion journeying southward on Tuesday
morning lent color to the suspicions of
Chief of Police Gall, and Sheriff Get
chell left on the noon train for the mill
city. Before Getchell had crossed the
boundary of the county a dispatch
flashed across the wire from Stockton
which exploded the story and soon the
excitement subsided.
The report of the arrest of the sus
pect tn Stockton quickly spread about
town and before noon groups of men
had gathered on the street corners and
HPrlously discussed plans to lynch the
murderer In the event of his being
brought to town.
Despite the fact that there Is a grow
ing belief that Moore has succeeded in
getting well out of the county, Joe Kil
roy still holds to the theory that his
brother's slayer is secreted In the
mountains close to Nevada City. In
support of his belief Kilroy gives many
plausible theories.
"Moore is a natural woodsman and
h^ will stay in the woods as long as
possible. Once he leaves the moun
tains and strikes into the lower coun
try the fugitive will be compelled to
ask for food at a tavern or farm house.
He is very deaf and will have to use
his ear trumpet to hear anybody who
speaks to him. His deafness alone
would betray him. Moore is a shrewd,
cunning fellow, and he is well aware
that he has not got the chance of an
ordinary person once away from the
mountains. He knows the country up
THIRTEEN HORSES
CARDED TO START
Big Field in the Mont
gomery Handicap.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS, Term., April 7.—To-mor
row at Montgomery Park the annual
spring meeting of the Memphis Jockey
<"lub will be opened. The feature of
to-morrow's programme is the classical
Montgomery handicap, at a mile and a
sixteenth, with $2000 added by the
jockey club. Thirteen horses are sched
uled to start, and among them may be
found some of the best handicap horses
on the Western turf. Algol, the home
owned horse and the hope of the
wealthy local brewer, J. W. Schorr, in
the big Eastern classics, Is asked to
carry top weight, 126 pounds. Algol's
adversary will be the representative
from the Morris stable, Manuel, who
has an Impost of 107 pounds. Both
Algol and Manuel will carry one pound
above 'the scale. Racing experts to
night agree that to-morrow's handicap
is a very open race. The weather is
cloudy and cold, but fair skies are fore
cast for to-morrow. The probable
starters are:
Chantllly 56 Handsel 110
Clay Pointer 100 Manuel 107
Cherry Leaf KMlKentucky C010ne1. ..104
Dunois 100 George Krats 100
Crockett 100 Algol 126
George B. Cox 104 Banished 102
Lennop 98
CINCINNATI, April 7.— The spring rac
ing season of the Central West opens to
morrow at the Queen City Jockey Club
course at Newport, Ky. The meeting
will continue thirty-seven days. There
are now over 400 racers quartered at the
track, and among them are some of the
best in the West. There are no stakes to
be run at this meeting.
BASKET BALL ON THE
CAMPUS AT STANFORD
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 7.
Immediately after its game with the
Berkeley "co-eds" the basket ball team j
of the University of Nevada will leave
for Palo Alto to play the Stanford team
Monday afternoon. The visitors will be
met at the train by a large deputation
of young ladies interested in athletics.
They will be royally entertained. Re
ceptions, drives and sight-seeing expe
ditions have been arranged for their
benefit.
After the good time is over the tussle j
will come. The Stanfordites are de
termined on playing a hard game, as
this is the first/Chance they have had
in two years to show their prowess
against an outside team.
The game will be played on the Roble
grounds and sex discriminations will j
not be enforced. Great interest is be
ing manifested and a large crowd is !
assured.
The Stanford players will have posi
tions as follows:
Centers— Forward, J. L. Swanson, '99; sta
tionary, Emily Dole, '00; touch, Frances Tuck
er 'S9, captain.
Backs— Right, Yrene Pitcher. '01; left, Eliza
beth Lewis, '99.
Substitutes— Elizabeth Brown, "02; Irmagarde
Richards, '02.
The Nevada team will be disposed in
a somewhat different manner. It will
line up as follows:
Home— Miss Llnscott.
Forwards— Right, Mips Otrasnlder; left. Miss
Worlan.
Center— Miss Klrby.
Guards— Right, Miss Ward, capt.iln; center,
Miss Peckham: left. Miss Sparka.
Substitutes— Misses Parish and Marette.
The officials have been selected as
follows:
Referee— Mayme Merrltt, '99.
Scorer— Miss March.
Timekeeper— May Oilman.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, April 7.— Senators Sf
well and Mcßride called on the President
to-day. Senator Mcßride has remained
In this city to look after the Interests of
the Oregon regiment, now in the Philip
pines. This regiment has greatly sin
In killed and wounded during -he battles
around Manila, and Senator Mcßride
wants the killed and wounded sent back
to this country as speedily as possible.
He says that this is being done m ihe ;
case of the wounded of all regiments rii ••
wounded volunteers are mastered out ,
when they get back. Senator Mcßride |
nays the Oregon regiment has expressed ,
a desire to remain Jn the Philippines as
long as the war continues, but wants to
be mustered "lit Just ;is siion as .here la
a resKation of hostilities.
"The regiment Is mad«> up <<'. the best
peoples in the State." said th Sen
"and is full of business and professional
men of the Jjlghest standing. The captain
of one company Is a wealthy banked, and
his son is a private in the ranks. My
own opinion is that the volunteer* in the
Philippines will soon be muster-M out."
By direction of the Acting Secroi.-i.ry cf I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
TSheriff Getchel of Nevada I
J County. T
here like a book. In fact, Moore knows
more about the topography of this
county than any other man in it. I
refuse to believe Moore is more than
a mile or two away from his cabin. He
has lived- here all his life and he knows
how many times our authorities have
been unsuccessful in capturing crimi
nals of his sort. There had been sev
eral hold-ups and murders in this coun
ty and the desperadoes invariably es
caped. Now, I don't say this to cast
any reflection on the peace officers of
this county. The many refuges af
forded by the thick woods and neigh
boring mountains are of assistance to
criminals. The Sheriff and his posse
have done all In their power to capx
War, Lieutenant Colonel Alfred C. Gl
rard, chief surgeon. United States Vol
unteers, when his services are no longer
needed wl;h the Second Army Corps, will
proceed to the Presidio of San Francisco
and report in person to the commanding 1
general. Department of California, for
duty as commanding officer of the Unitea
States General Hospital at that post.
Pensions have been granted as fallows:
California: Original— Mark Jenkins,
Sacramento, $f>; Corydon E. Coolbaugh,
Bakersfleld. JS. Original widows, etc. -
Minor of Harrison B. Leggins. Santa Ana,
$10; Mary A. Wilson, San Francisco. *s.
Washington: Original— Lewis M. Mur
phy, Everett. $8.
INSANE GIRL'S WILD
FLIGHT FROM OFFICERS
STOCKTON, April 7.— Miss Etta Lock
joy, who has been in Clark's private hos.
pital for the insane for two yeeks, es
caped from the institution last night by
cutting the look out of a window casing
With a pair of shears. She then slid down
a rain spout. Search was made for her
last night by the officers, but no trace
of her could be found. It was learned
this morning that she had obtained a
horse and buggy from a local liveryman,
and to-day she gave the officers quite a
chase. She drove the foaming horse
through the streets at breakneck speed,
whipping the animal with maniacal vigor.
She was caught about four miles from
town by a man on horseback and taken
back to the asylum.
Miss Lock.loy is 17 years of age. She
hails from the vicinity of Madera, where
her parents own a farm.
-•-
BUYS NITJLII PLANTATION.
HONOLULU, March 31.—Henry Water
house has purchased Niulli plantation
The deal, which has been pending for
some weeks, was closed late yesterday af
ternoon. Niulli is a plantation in full
blast. The crop of cane is now being
ground, and sugar is shipped out every
flay. There is an immediate profit to the
investor, which places the scheme on a
different basis to anything In the Islands
save the stock of the older plantations,
which is now very high.
The plantation will be Incorporated next
week at $2,000,000, divided into 100,000
shares of $20 each. All will be paid. There
will be no assessable stock. WaLerhouse
& Co. take $1,000,000 themselves, another
party takes $2'j0,000, and other big trans
fers will leave a small margin to be of
fered to investors.
Niulii is the plantation of Judge C. F.
Hart. The land is rich and water facili
ties are of the best. The latter has been
examined by experts and that is their re
port to Senator Waterhouse concerning It.
TO CONSOLIDATE PLANTATIONS.
HONOLULU, March 31.—1t is currently
reported among the plantation men in
town this afternoon that a scheme to con
solidate Pala, Haiku, Spreckelsville and
Wai/faku plantations, on the island of
Maul, is now well under way. and that it
was to consult H. P. Baldwin in regard
to it that J. P. Cooke chartered the Noeau
and made his flying trip to Lahaina.- Jo
seph P. Cooke was seen about the street
rumor.
"I w»nt to see Mr. Baldwin on personal
matters," he replied to a question.
"Whether or not it was about the con
solidation of Pa.ia, Haiku. Spreckelsvflle
and Walluku, of which you speak, I am
not prepared to say this afternoon."
Mr. Cooke positively declined to either
deny or confirm the rumor.
CONTROLLER COLGAN WINS.
SACRAMENTO. April 7.— Judge Hughes,
In the Superior Court, to-day, decided on
demurrer the case of State Controller
Colgan vs. The Trustees of the Napa Hos
pital for the Insane. The Legislature of
1889 appropriated $45,569 47 to pay for the
maintenance of the asylum during the
thirty-ninth and fortieth fiscal years.
There remained of this appropriation a
balance of $7450 C 5, which the trustees
claim belong-s to the asylum fund. Col
gran maintained that it should be re
turned to the State treasury and sued for
an order to that effect. The trustees de
murred principally on the ground that the
statute of limitations barred the action.
Judge Hughes decided that this statute
did not operate in a suit filed by one
branch of the State government against
another.
MESSAGES SENT IN A GALE.
NEW YORK, April 7.— A special cable
to the Sun from London says: The wild
gale that is prevailing in the English
Channel has not affected the transmission
of messages by Signor Marconi's wireless
telegraph system. The wind roared deaf
eningly around South Foreland light
house, the English experimental station,
and rainstorms were constant.
Similar conditions prevailed at Bou
logne, near which place the French sta
tion is situated, but messages passed as
readily and as distinctly as though the
weather was calm.
STRICKEN BY PARALYSIS.
HONOLULU, March 31.— Captain Alex
ander G. Phillips, master of the British
bark Invermark, died on the 28th of par
alysis, by which he was stricken on board
his vessel five days previous. He never
wholly retrained consciousness. Captain
Phillips leaves a widow and four children
in Aberdeen, Scotland. He was 44 years of
and had been master of a vessel for
over fifteen years.
Desirello Pleads Not Guilty.
REDWOOD CITY, April 7.—Commenc
ing on Tuesday, May 2, the time and at
tention of the Superior Court and a jury
will l>p taken up with the trial of crim
inal cases. Four oases were to-day set
for trial, and others will be within n. day
or two. The trial of Frederick Deslrello".
the Constable who shot and killed James
Johnston at Colma, in this county, was
or May 2. Desirello came before the
court this morning and pleaded not
guilty to the information charging him
with murder.
ture Moore, and they deserve great
credit, notwithstanding the fact that
the murderer is still at large."
Captain Nlhell and City Marshal
Tomkins returned to-night from a three
days' search In the southern and north
ern end of the county. They were dis
couraged by their lack of success, but
feel certain Moore has not passed
through any of the territory which they
searched.
Under Sheriff Getchell, pursuant to
orders, has notified every peace officer
in the State of Nevada to keep his eyes
open for a man answering Moore's de
scription.
STOCKTON'S SUSPECT.
Stranger Who Resembles the Mur
derer of Kilroy.
STOCKTON, April 7.— Sheriff Get
chell arrived on the evening train from
Nevada City. His presence is the re
sult of a conference he had to-day over
the telephone with Chief of Police Gall.
The chief did not suggest that Getchell
was needed, but on the information he
received Getchell felt justified in aban
doning his search in the vicinity of
Nevada City and coming to Stockton.
For the last two days the officers
have had under constant espionage a
man who bears a striking resemblance
to Moore, even to his deafness and
characteristic manner of conducting
himself. They became so interested in
the man that this afternoon Chief Gall
concluded to ask Getchell for further
particulars.
The suspect appeared in this vicinity
last Sunday, remaining in the city a
day or so, when he came under the ob
servation of the officers. He is now
located a short distance from the city,
but any move on his part that would
look like flight would result in his
prompt arrest. Sheriff Getchell to
night is engaged in investigating the
suspect's actions, and before the sun
is high to-morrow he will have had a
look at the man.
WAVE-WASHED ON
A CAPSIZED BOAT
Twenty Hours' Struggle
for Life.
Special IMspateh to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 7.—
Charles Webber, a German, of Nanai
mo, B. C, arrived here this morning
after having passed through an experi
ence such as falls to the lot of few men.
For twenty hours he was washed by
waves of the gulf while clinging for
life on top of his capsized craft, and he
saw his young companion drown before
his eyes.
Webber started from Nanaimo last
Monday In a small yacht with William
Reid. At 6 o'clock in the evening Reid,
who was at the helm, ran the craft
upon a reef at Yellow Point, Vancouver
Island, far from a human habitation.
The bottom of the yacht heaved up and
soon the two men were up to their arm
pits in water. The vessel commenced
pounding and Reid, against the advice
of Webber, lashed himself to the mast.
For six hours the men were washed
by the waves, the boat keeping an up
right position. Then the little vessel
turned keel uppermost, and while Web
ber was thrown to one side his mate
plunged into the sea on the other.
When Webber got a position on the
bottom of his craft he saw Reid strug
gling In the water two arms-lengths
away. He could not reach him and he
saw the lad sink before his eyes, crying
out a farewell to his mother in Eng
land.
A terrible experience followed for
Webber. It was midnight when he saw
poor Reid drown, and shortly after
ward he saw a steamer's lights some
distance away. He yelled himself
hoarse, but got no reply. The breakers
then rolled over his craft and twice he
was washed from his position. He
fought desperately for life, and, al
though half dead from cold and ex
haustion, held on to the boat.
At 8 o'clock Tuesday morning he saw
another steamer pass and frantically
signaled her, only to be again disap
pointed. It was noon on Tuesday when
he saw the first human being. He had
given up all hope, and, he says, was
about to let himself drop into the sea,
when a boat full of Japanese hove in
sight. Ten minutes elapsed before they
paw his signals. Just as they reached
him he lost strength and fell into the
sea. He was rescued with difficulty
and was taken to Nanaimo, from which
city he came to this port to-day.
Reid was only 17 years old and was
a sailor on a deep sea vessel. His body
has not been recovered.
Webber is a man of powerful phy
sique and owes his miraculous escape
to his wonderful vitality. He says he
feels ten years older after his terrible
experience. He was for nearly thirty
hours without food and for twenty
hours was washed by an angry sea.
THREE RAILWAY MEN
SUMMONED BY DEATH
WOODLAND. April 7. -One of the
queerest superstitions among: railroad
men is that one fatality among the em
ployes is almost immediately followed by
two others before the "hoodoo" is broken.
Henry Florian Black was a brakeman and
John Alfred Huber a telegraph operator,
and both were residents of Yolo County
They were lifelong acquaintances and
both were employed on this division
Young Huber was taken ill on Sunday and
lived only four days. Black was confined
to his bed but five days. Both died in
Sacramento on the same day and at the
same hour, and on Thursday their bodies
were side by side in the same undertak
ing parlor.
Those coincidences set the railroad men
to discussing the old superstition, and
there were many gloomy conjectures as to
where on the division death would make
a third visitation. They were not kept
long in suspense. This morning R. L
Dunlap, a brakeman on the Redding
freight train, met a violent death. While
engaged in uncoupling cars at Conant's
switch, near Red Bluff, he stumbled and
fell, and before he could recover the
wheels of a car were upon him. He was
killed instantly.
Scurvy Epidemic Abating.
SEATTLE, April 7.— The steamer Ex
celsior arrived to-night from Copper
River, Alaska, with fifty passengers.
They report that the scurvy epidemic was
abating. There were nineteen cases in
the hospital at Copper Center and ten in
various cabins in that vicinity. There had
been no deaths or new cases reported re
cently. The body of Rudolph TSllerkamn
of Louisville, Ky., who was one of the
party of six who perished on the Valdes
Glacier on February 27, was brought
down.
\ CUTLERY DAT.
\ Borne articles cut 60 per cunt.
Some articles cut BO per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
THIRTEEN PERSONS
PERISHED IN THE
NEW YORK FIRE
Twelve of the Victims in the An=
drews Dwelling and One in
the Adams Abode.
NEW YORK, April 7.— The fire which
early this morning destroyed the hand
some residence of Wallace C. Andrews
at 2 East Sixty-seventh street also
burned to death twelve*persons sleeping
in the house.
Firebrands carried by the wind were
blown into an open window in the home
of Albert J. Adams, 3 East Sixty-ninth
street, two blocks distant, setting fire
to the house and causing the death of
a servant. All of the thirteen bodies
have been recovered. The dead are:
WALLACE C. ANDREWS, president
of the New York Steam Heating Com
pany.
MRS. WALLACE C. ANDREWS,
wife of the above.
MRS. GEORGIANA BOYDEN ST.
JOHN, wife of Mrs. Andrews' brother,
Gamaliel C. St. John, an officer ol the
New York Steam Heating Company.
ORSON ST. JOHN, aged 7 years.
WALLACE ST. JOHN, aged 3 years.
FREDERICK ST. JOHN, aged 13
months.
NELLIE BOLAND, servant.
MARY FLANAGAN, servant.
EVA PETERSON, servant.
KATE DOWNING, servant.
MARIE ROTH, servant.
ANNIE CARY, servant.
In the Adams fire:
MRS. MARY LAUOHLIN, aged 50
years, housekeeper, died from suffoca
tion and burns.
Alice White, cook, and Jennie Burns,
laundress, the only inmates of the An
drews house who escaped, are in the
hospital in a serious condition.
The list of injured at the Adams fire is:
Mrs. Isabella Adams, wife of Albert J.
Adams, injured in the back, burned, suf
fering- from shock; Nellie Quinn, ser
vant, jumped from fourth floor to an ex
tension, severe bruises; Evelyn Adams,
burns, shock; Minnie Bogue, servant,
sprained ankle and bruises; Jerry
Blazin, fireman Engine Company 44, con
tusion of the back; Mary . Malloy, leg
fractured, shock; William Stevenson,
bruises and contusions.
Whether the fire started from an ex
plosion of a lamp or of gas has not yet
been determined, but when it was first
discovered at 2 o'clock this morning the
flames seemed to burst from all parts of
the house at once.
Policeman McKnight was at Fifth ave
nue and Sixty-sixth street when he heard
an explosion and saw the glare of flames
in Sixty-seventh street. He ran with all
haste to the spot and found tongues of
flames leaping from, the upper windows
of the Andrews house and half-way
across the street. He tried to break in
the door and arouse the tenants, but was
driven back by the flames. Not waiting
any longer than to arouse the family of
the Rothschilds in the adjoining house,
No. 4, he sent in an alarm.
When the firemen arrived they -went
through the Rothschild house and man
aged to get in the rear rooms of the third
floor of the Andrews home, where they
found Mrs. St. John and her three-yeiJr
old son Wallace unconscious on the floor,
their night-clothes almost burned off.
They were quickly taken into the Roths
child house. Mrs. St. John died within
a few minutes. Her child died in the
fireman's arms.
The firemen made repeated efforts to
NAMES FOR THE
NEW WARSHIPS
Made by the
President.
Special IMspateh to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 7.— The Presi
dent to-day named the twelve new war
ships recently provided by Congress as
follows:
Battleships— Pennsylvania, New Jer
sey and Georgia.
Armored cruisers — West Virginia,
Nebraska, California.
Cruisers— Denver, Dcs Molnes, Chat
tanooga, Galveston, Tacoma, Cleveland.
Petitions by the hundreds have been
flowing into the White House and Navy
Department ever since the new ships
were provided for, urging the merits of
various names. The President and Sec
retary Long enjoyed the good-natured
rivalry, and in making the final deter
mination consideration was given not
only to the urgency of the influence
brought to bear, but also to the several
sections of the country. Pennsylvania
petitioned through Governor Stone,
Senators Quay and Penrose and the en
tire delegation in the House of Repre
sentatives.
Georgia did not petition the Navy De
partment, and it is believed that the
choice of a Southern State was due to
a desire of the President to compliment
those with whom he visited on his re
cent Southern trip.
Senator Elkins and the entire Con
gressional delegation were most active
for West Virginia; Representative Mer
cer also made it his business to besiege
the Navy Department with petitions
for Nebraska.
The choice of California also seems
to be a personal compliment without
the same effort shown in other States.
The same rivalry was shown among the
cities, Mayors, City Councils, Chambers
of Commerce, etc., joining in the pleas.
The battleships Pennsylvania, New
Jersey and Georgia are described in the
act authorizing them as follows:
"Three seagoing, coastline battle
ships, carrying the heaviest armor and
most powerful ordnance for vessels of
their class upon a trial displacement of
about 13,500 tons, to be sheathed and
coppered and to have the highest prac
ticable speed and great radius of ac
tion, and to cost, exclusive of armor
and armament, not exceeding $3,600,000
each."
The armored cruisers are similarly
described, except that they are to cost
$4,000,000 each and are to have a dis
placement of 12,000 tons.
The cruisers Denver, Cleveland and
others are described as "protected
cruisers" of about 2500 tons displace
ment, to be sheathed and coppered and
to have the highest speed compatible
with good cruising qualities, great
radius of action and to carry the most
powerful ordnance suited to vessels of
their class and to cost, exclusive of
armament, not exceeding $1,141,800 each.
LAWYEB O'DONNEIiIi GUILTY.
Convicted of Having Aided a Pris-
oner to Break From Jail.
MODESTO, April X— The jury in the
<*ase of T. S. P'Donnell. charged with hav
ing assisted & prisoner to escape, brought
in a verdict of guilty to-night, with a
recommendation of mercy. O'Donnell was
the attorney for James Phillips, a horse
thief, who sawed his way out of jail in
August, 1897, but was captured two days
later. O'Donnell fled, but returned and
surrendered last November
get into the other rooms, but they might
as well have attacked a furnace. The
building if saturated with oil could hardly
have burned more fiercely. Like most
large New York dwellings, it was high
and narrow and encased on two sides by
solid brick walls and the effect was like
a great chimney. The flames roared and
crackled and shot into the air a distance
of a hundred feet or more, throwing a
great fiery spray over the roofs of the
surrounding nouses.
All efforts to arouse the inmates in time
to save themselves were fruitless, and
aside from Mr. St. John the only other
persons who got out of the house alive
were the two servants, Jennie Burns and
Alice White, who appeared at the upper
windows terror-stricken and, heedless of
the cries of the firemen that they would
raise ladders and save them, jumped.
Jennie Burns leaped out first. She
turned over and over and fell almost di
rectly upon her head. Her skull was frac
tured in several places. The other woman,
when she saw the fate of her friend, hes
itated for a moment, then, as the smoke
thickened, she too jumped. She fell upon
a rear extension of the building and was
picked up unconscious and severely in- '
jured.
"While the fire in the Andrews House
was raging great clouds of sparks were
carried with the wind and a brand flew
into an open upper window of the home j
of Albert J. Adams. It caught in a cur
tain and instantly the room was ablaze.
A servant at the window is thought to
have been Mary Laughlin, for her dead
body was found later. Tightly clasped
in hf>r arms was the family pet dog.
"When the Adams house caught fire a
number of the policemen and firemen
gained an entrance and got the Adams
family out without serious injury. The I
servants were frantic in their efforts to
escape, and Mary Malloy and Minnie
Bogue jumped from the rear of the fourth
floor to the extension, from which they
were taken down.
lillie Quinn was cut off at the fourth
•, and, appearing at a front window,
her hanrl over her eyes and jumped,
he thought to the ground, but instead
ed on the roof of the bow window,
story below, and lay there stunned,
cemen Louis C. Wagner, Mclnerney
Hillman saw the woman's peril, and^
ling into the house at No. 5, went to
the fourth floor. Wagner was held by the
heels, and made a thrilling rescue. The
firemen managed to confine the fire in
this house to the third and fourth floors.
About 6 o'clock the firemen had suf
ficient mastery over the fire to permit of
a search of the Andrews house. They
found the bodies of two of the remaining
St. John children and the bodies of what
are thought to be the two servants, Marie
Roth and Kate Downing. At 11:15 o'clock
the firr-men found Mr. Andrews' body. Tt
wasl/badly burned and parts of thelegs
werl missing. The workers in the debris
found a body which was identified later
by a dentist as that of Mrs. Andrews.
At various other times before 5 o'clock
the workers found the charred remains of
four more persons, probably the servants.
Two of them were identified as the bodies
of Eva Peterson and Marie Roth.
Mr. St. John arrived in New York at 3
| o'clock this afternoon over the Pennsyl
vania Railroad. He^went at once to his
; home, perfectly ignorant of the reasons
which caused the sudden summons to
New York, and when he saw the ruins
of his house and was told of the horrible
fate of his wife and three children he bore
! up manfully, thoupgh it was apparent
I that he had to summon all his strength of
i will to do it.
BEEF CONDEMNED
BY THE OFFICERS
Canned and Fresh Unfit
for Rations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON,- April 7.— The army
Beef Inquiry Court decided to-day to ad
mit as evidence the official reports of
army officers concerning the beef sup
plied to the army during the war with
Spain, as requested by General Miles.
The public forenoon session of the court
was only of sufficient duration to permit
the preferment of this request. Majob
Lee stated that he considered it impor
tant that the matter should be definitely
determined as soon as possible. He also
asked for consideration of General Miles
supplementary request that a large num
ber of additional witnesses be sum
moned.
It was learned that all the reports were
brief and that the court in secret session
decided to allow them to be read. There
are 147 of them and they were generally
prepared by their authors after the close
of the campaigns in Cuba and Porto Rico
and in response to a circular letter.
With reference to the application to
have more witnesses called, it is under
stood that the court will adhere to its
determination not to summon any of the
list whose testimony would be merely cor
roborative of that already given.
At the afternoon session Major Lee read the
reports, all of which pertained to canned beet.
Brigadier General Vlele pronounced the can
ned beef "a miserable apology for food."
A large number of reports were made from
officers of the First Carvalry, among these the
following: •
Major James M. Bell — It is better than no
beef, but I cannot recommend it as a compo
nent of the field ration.
Lieutenant dough Overton— lt is an undesir
able portion of the travel ration.
Major W. b. Scott— l heard no complaint of
the canned roast beef.
Lieutenant C. B. Williams— The beef as an
occasional substitute for bacon was acceptable.
Lieutenant Walter M. Whitman— The pro
longed issue of the beef on the transport was
injurious to the men.
Lieutenant F. M. I>avls considered the beef
as of poor quality and said he had found mag
gots cooked with the beef in the cans.
Lieutenant H. P. Berkeley— No more unpal
atable article of food could be Issued.
Lieutenant W. C. Rivers— lt was an unsuit
able article of food.
Lieutenant E. S. Wright— lt was a distinct
failure.
Lieutenant Colonel \^ Rafferty of the Second
Cavalry stated that he^greed with the report
of his commissary officer, who pronounced the
beef non-nutritive and said the men soon tired
of It. A large number nf office* In this regi
ment pronounced a similar vermct.
Major Jackson of the Third Cavalry pro
nounced the quality of the beef used in can
ning poor. It had served very well In hashes,
but as a separate article of food it was nauseat
ing.
Lieutenant Colonel Carroll of the Sixth Cav
alry said that most of the meat Issued to his
troops on the transport had been thrown over
board, as it made some of the men sick.
Captain West of the Sixth Cavalry had pre
ferred gciinK without meat to eating the canned
beef. It made his men sick.
Lieutenant R. B. Paddock— Men would go
hungry rather than eat it.
Captain G. 8. Grimes, Second Artillery— The
meat was soft, watery and unsatisfactory to
the men.
Captain Ellis of the Fourth Artillery— lt was
stringy and tough and I and others found it un
palatable.
Captain Walter L. Finley of the Ninth Cav
alry—The beef was tough an i devoid of flavor.
Captain M. G. Hughes, Ninth Cavalry— The
Kipling's Good Luck.
The first story that Kipling writes after his
illness will brlnjj a fabulous prioe. It will be
sought as eagerly by progressive publishers aa
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters Is by all who suf
fer from stomach ills of any nature. No mat
ter whether it be Indigestion, constipation,
blDousnesH, nervousness, stubborn liver or
overworked kidneys, Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters will cure it. It is an unequaled spring
medicine, curing and preventing malaria, fever
and ague, and all ills resulting from a run
down system.
meat became distasteful after a few days.
Captain P. B. Powell, Xinth Cavalry— Almost
wholly devoid of the flavor of beef.
Captain Hutchinson, Xinth Cavalry— lt should
be alternated with other meat. Had heard of
no bad results from its use.
Lieutenant I. M. Manee had found it taste
less and the men would not eat it.
Captain Albert Cummins of the Second Ar
tillery thought some of the meat contained
ptomaines and caused a preat deal of sickness.
As a ration it was a failure.
PLAN TO PREVENT THE
EXTERMINATION OF GAME
SAN RAFAEL. April 7.— lf the Board of
Supervisors should see fit to adopt an
ordinance presented for their approval to
day by Attorney Thomas P. Boyd, and it
is ten to one the board will do that very
thing, one of the merriest rackets kicked
up in rod and gun circles in many moons
will result. In order to prevent the ex
termination of game in Marin County the
Supervisors, acting in accordance with
the petition of local gun clubs and a large
number of prominent citizens of the
county, intend to adopt an ordinance
making it a misdemeanor to kill game and
carry it outside the conlines of the county.
Marin County is the paradise of nim
rods and huntsmen and fisheimen in San
Francisco and Alameda County. For this
reason the county is overrun on Sundays
and holidays with sportsmen, who play
sad havoc with the game. The ranchers
have finally joined the San Rafael Gun
Club, the Novato Gun Club, the Tamal
pais Club and other organizations in a
petition to the Supervisors to adopt an
ordinance giving them relief. Attorney
Boyd was retained to formulate an or
dinance and to-day showed a piece of his
handiwork for the inspection of the board
that drew forth unbounded admiration.
By the terms of the proposed ordinance
it is made a misdemeanor to kill deer,
quail, ducks, doves or other game, or
catch trout or salmon and carry them out
side the county. Any railway or express
company transporting game or fish from
the county is made guilty of a misde
meanor. Deputies are to be provided to
watch at the ferries and see that the law
is enforced.
It is said on good authority that every
lawyer in town has agreed not to de
fend any man charged with violating the
ordinance in case it is adopted. This is
to make the cost of defense as great as
possible. __________^—
PECK TLEADS NOT GUILTY.
SANTA CRUZ, April 7.-Ex-Tax Collec
tor W. E. Peck was before the Superior
Court this morning. His trial on the
first charge against him was set for May
22 This charge is that he had in his pos
! session blank liquor licenses other than
those supplied by the County Auditor.
The second charge was then taken up.
I It is for receiving $200 for liquor licenses
which was not turned over to the County
Treasurer. To this he pleaded not guilty.
The date for the trial was not set.
To the third charge also Peck pleaded
j not guilty. -This Is for not paying over
$128 10 received for taxes.
Water in Abundance.
WOODLAND, April 7.— Gibson & Clan
ton started their new pumping plant this
morning and it worked very satisfac
torily. They have seemingly developed
an abundant supply of water. The plant
will not be needed this season, but was
completed with the expectation that it
would be serviceable hereafter.
Jury Not Yet Obtained.
WILLOWS, April 7.— A jury probably
will have been sworn in the Murdock case
by to-morrow night. The taking of evi
dence is likely to commence on Monday
afternoon.
LOCOMOTOR
ATAXIA
! Is popularly though improperly classed
; with the incurable diseases. Owing to its
I chronic nature, the symptoms are very
stubborn, but curable nevertheless. HUD-
YAN, the greatest vegetable remedy of
the century, will cure locomotor ataxia
In all its stages. HUDYAN has cured
cases of locomotor ataxia when all other
remedies and treatments have failed. v The
progress of the disease can be checked by
HUDYAN and a perfect cure will be ef-
fected. You have the symptoms of loco-
motor ataxia. Refer to the chart and
.— — >. compare these with
jV* ■} . • your symptoms:
L/gJ 1. DEFECTIVE
C an VISION— The eye-
% sight becomes im-
V -7 paired. ; HUDYAN
1 '*> Sw _ will restore it.
/ *\ 2. DISTURBANCE
y \ IN THE STOMACH,
f severe pain, attacks
/ \ v of vomiting and
,• I . - J\ belching of wind.
A HUDYAN will . re-
M £* I lieve the pain, stop
I ■\7 I the • vomiting and
j I belching and pro-
/ I mote proper diges-
-1 tion.
I 3. ABSENCE OF
J THE KNEE JERK—
I This can be deter-
I I mined by allowing
ft 1 one leg to hang
/\ 1 loosely 1 over the
, / \ I other and then strik-
I \ I ing it a sharp blow
II j just below the knee.
a / I In the health condi-
v A/ tion the limb will
I v/ l give a sharp ■ kick.
1,1 In locomotor ataxia
/ I it is lost.
0/ A ] 4-4. PAINS IN
/ €5/ THE SHlNS— These
/ I / sharp shooting pains
j^©_j ■ I will disappear short-
C^""^ 'I ly after the use of
©\ "HUDYAN.
C\ 5-5. PAINS IN
it THE FEET— These
pains are due to the affection 'of the
nerves, and will be almost immediately
relieved by HUDYAN. .
The above are some of the more im-
portant symptoms, but there are others.
An inability to stand erect with the eyes
closed is one. A staggering gait is an-
other. HUDYAN will relieve every symp-
tom and make you well. Procure HUD-
YAN from your druggist. It is sold in all
drugstores for 50c per package, or six
packages for $2 50. If your druggist does
not keep it send direct to us and we will
supply you. REMEMBER THAT YOU
CAN CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS FREE. If you cannot call on the
doctors, write to them for advice. It will
be given free for the asking. Address:
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
You May Consult the Hudyan Doctors Free.
CALL OR WRITE. <h:IS,
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
•TXJST RBOBIVBD-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAOOlfm
AND SURREYS,
Latest styles, best of work, strictly up -to
date. In addition to this new work we are
making greatly reduced prices on a lame line
of nigh-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-
pries. Best of -repair work on short notice.
RUPTURE.
KrCT/^!^ | USB NO MORE IRON
ffVm iliT » ti^^yjr Hoops or Steel Springs.
#^^BJWBf car^ Rupture retained with ea»»
■^^JBb^^ an<l comfort, and thousands r»di-
■ /j»^ cally CURED by DR. PIERCB'B
m /JR* Magnetic Elastic Truss. CT Call At
cf flee or write for New Pamphlet No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
00 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel. SanFranclaoo.
Cf43J ClileliMter's Englt*h Diamond Brandt ''-
f EHNYRGYAL PILLS
ennyrdVal pills
fe? -<CT"X Original aad Only Genuine. A
J*jfift!'J\ »»". always reliable, ladies uk «TV
*- J\ lWf)4 Dru^ijt for Chlchuttrt Enq'.uh X>;a-/O\\
C^jspU/fStymond Brand la Red »nd Gold metallic vWy
'Wv —^gtaboxM. iwiled with bine ribbon. Take VST
■fSk i^st Kijno oh". Refute dangerous itibititv V
I / ~ ftf tioiu and imitations. A» Drngcisn, or tend 4m,
I C Jf in itampi for par'icu!ar«, testlmoclali en
V V 0 " Kellof Tar Ladle*," in letter, br rr tnru
A If MalL 1 0.000 T«stimoaiali. Ifoae Paper.
„ >— -r Ckl<-We»{crChea»iciilC».,Hoal»c«(*<ianra,
•sttkr»U Local i>r«uUM. - FWLkSUmirM
34
SUICIDE OF A NOTED
MIXER OF DRINKS
THE LATE ARTHUR MILLER.
SACRAMENTO, April 7.— Arthur Miller, a saloon-keeper known through
out California, died by his own hand in this city this morning. For a
week past Miller had been confined to his home with pneumonia, and
terly had become delirious. While thus afflicted he ended his life
with a revolv
Miller had been conducting the famous Rhoads & Townsend House at
Second and J streets for a couple of years. He was a unique character
among saloon-keepers, and he made the business of preparing mixed drinks
a fine art. The Stau- politicians and office-holders who made the Rhoads
& Townsend House their headquarters during the palmy days of that es
tablishment have had occasion many a time to testify to the ability of
Miller in his line. He had been employed In some of the leading: saloons In
the United States, and there were few traveling men of extensive experi
ence who did not know him.
For many years the Rhoads & Townsend House was the political head
quarters of Sacramento. "Frank" Rhoads, the politician, whose influence
is yet potent, held sway there, and no official of the State or county gov
ernment, however exalted his place, considered himself too exclusive to mm
Kle on occasions with the people who patronized the bar over which Miller,
with his corps <~>f assistants, presided.
Those were the day? when the aristocratic mint julep had not been de
posed by the plebeian steam beer and men of the town took their drinks
daintily through straws. "When the steam beer era dawned Miller found that
his business was losing its charm. He established himself in several place 3,
expending: heavy sums on the furnishing of them all, but in each Instance
failure overtook him and he returned to his old stand at the Rhoads &
Townsend House. Miller was a gentleman in his deportment and charitable
to a fault.
HAWAII'S CABINET
VACANCY FILLED
Minister of Foreign Af
fairs Chosen.
By DANIEL LOGAN.
HONOLULU. March 31.— The Cabi
net deadlock ended on Monday with
the appointment of E. A. Mott Smith
as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Pub
lic Instruction. He is a son of the late
J. Mott Smith, who was Hawaiian Min
ister at 'Washington when the mon
archy was overthrown in 1^93. It was
understood at the time that the Min
ister's conduct in showing marked con
sideration for Princess Kaiulani, when
she went to Washington to plead fojr
her country's independence under its
people's choice of government, was not
altogether pleasing to the provisional
government of President Dole. At all
events, Mr. Mott Smith was recalled.
Now the changing times have
brought around, in one month, a state
funeral to the unfortunate Princess and
the elevation of the son of the Minis
ter discredited for paying courtesy to
her when she was alive to a seat in
President Dole's Cabinet.
The new Minister ie only 28 years of
age and has but recently hung out his
Bhingle as a lawyer. For that profes
sion his equipment has been an uncom
pleted term at the Hawaii Law School
and a year's reading In Honolulu law
offices. There is heard some grumbling
aming conservative people at the pre
ferment of a man without experience
in public affairs. Mr. Mutt .Smith has,
however, made a pood reputation as a
man of business in the handling of
large estate trusts. He has taken hold
in the educational department— the one
of his dual offices that has real affairs
left — with the evident purpose of mas
tering details and giving an efficient
administration.
DENNETT'S LOSING VENTURE.
He Dumped a Quarter of a Million in
Searching for Gold.
NEW YORK. April 7.— Deputy Sheriff
Strauss received an attachemnt to-day
against Alfred W. Dennett, the well
known restaurant man. for $1562 in favor
of Sandford S. Swain, who is a stepson of
Dennett, on a claim, it is said, for money
loaned. ,
The Sheriff served the attachment on
the treasurer of Dennett's company to at
tach any interest Dennett may have in
that company. The Sheriff received an
execution against Dennett on February
11 for M 520 for deficiency nn a foreclosure
of a mortgage, but was unable- to reach
any property in this city of Donm-Us,
and execution was returned to-day. A
friend said that Dennett would come out
all right. He had invested $250,000 in gold
mines in California, and all he had got
was a hole In the ground, . like many
others who had invested in gold mines.
Pears'
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
GAYETY IN STORE
FOR THE KNIGHTS
Sacramento's Plans
the Conclave.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 7.— The people
of this city are looking expectantly for
ward to the conclave of the Grand
Commandery of the Knights Templar,
which will open in Sacramento on the
20th inst., to remain in session three
days. E. W. Hale, eminent commander
of the Sacramento Commandery, said
to The Call correspondent this evening
that the indications were most favora
ble for the success of the gathering. A
letter has been received from the Los
Angeles drill corps announcing that it
will arrive In Sacramento on Wednes
day evening, April 19, escorting Rob
ert M. Powers of San Diego, right emi
nent grand commander of the State of
California. Mr. Hale said it would be
a grand thing if the Golden Gate and
California commanderies of San Fran
cisco could also come to Sacramento
on the evening of the 19th, so as to
swell the parade on the following day,
and Mr. Hale will not give up hope of
accomplishing this happy result.
Forty-two members of the Golden
Gate Commandery have announced
their intention to attend, and from all
quarters come letters indicating that
the Knights and their families will be
present in large numbers. A banquet,
exhibition drill and other features will
mark the conclave.
Already the Chamber of Commerce
has proffered its aid to the local com
mandery in the matter of insuring the
proper decoration of the city with the
colors of the order — black and white —
intermingled with the stars and stripes.
Masonic Hall will be the subject of
elaborate decoration, and a Maltese
cross, formed of many hundreds of in
candescent lights, will blaze forth from
the front of the building.
Some of the most prominent men in
the State, members of the commander
ic-p, will be present, and it is expected
that the banquet, which will be a splen>
did one, will bring forth some clever
addresses. The miles of level bitumen
streets in Sacramento offer an ideal
marching ground, and it is believed
that the parade on Thursday, the 20th
inst., will be an impressive and attrac
tive affair.
STEADY ADVANCE IN
THE PRICE OF MEATS
Average Increase of Two and a Half
Cents a Pound in a Week at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, April 7.-The advance
In the price of meats has averaged 2%
cents a pound in the past two weeks,
while choice cuts are beyond the reach of
the masses. Southern California, because
of the drought, is not supplying the mar
ket with beet and butchers say it will be
weeks before be*f cattle will be fat
enough to kill. The recent rains pro
duced good pasturage, but cattle must
feed for days before they are ready for
the market. Butchers are depending on
Texas for the beef supply, and buyers for
Los Angeles firms are searching the Texas
plains for bargains. San Francisco butch
ers are getting a great deal of their beef
from Texas. It is said nearly all of the
fat cattle in Arizona have been marketed
The following is the wholesale list now
in effect in Los Angeles and vicinity
Steers, 8% cents a pound; cows, 8 cents
hindquarters, 9*4; forequarters, 7*4; loins
of beef, 14; ribs of beef, 11%; chucks 7
plates. 7; dressed mutton, 8%; spring lamb
10- dressed hogs, 7; pork loins, 9.
Retail prices of beef rule as follows:
Porterhouse steak, 25 cents a pound; ten
derloin. 20; sirloin. 18; prime lib, 15 to 18
--shoulder, 12%; round steak. 12% to 15; boil
ing pieces, 10; mutton chops, 15; lamb
chops, 25; veal steaks, 25; cutlets, 20; all
other meat products are In the same pro
port lOD
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
THREW A STEEL
SHARPENER WITH
MURDEROUS AIM
Hot Fight of Butchers
in a Market.
ONE HAS SKULL FRACTURED
THE STEEL PENETRATED FOR
AN INCH AND A HALF.
Frank Austin Arrested for Assault to
Murder, but Claims That He
Actea Only in Self-
Defense.
Two butchers employed at the Bay City
Market on Market street quarreled
shortly after 6 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, and one threw a long steel sharp
ener at the other, inflicting a compound
fracture of the skull.
Frank Austin and John G. Corcoran
have been employed In the market for
the past nine years. They had been on
friendly terms until yesterday morning.
They were cutting up steaks, when
Corcoran went to Austin's counter and
asked for a steak. Austin asked him
what he wanted a steak so early for, and
picking up one threw it in his face. Cor
coran, it is alleged, called Austin an of
fensive name. This enraged Austin and
"seizing the steel sharpener he threw it
at Corcoran. Austin was about ten feet
away from Corcoran, but his aim was
true. The point of the sharpener struck
Corcoran on the left side of the head at
the top and stuck there. Corcoran fell
to the floor and vainly endeavored to pull
out the sharpener, but had not sufficient
strength to do it. Another butcher came
to his assistance and pulled it out.
A telephone message was sent to the
Southern police station and Policeman T.
E. Burke was sent to the market in the
patrol wagon. He conveyed Corcoran w
the Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Zobel
found that the point of the sharpener
had penetrated about one and a half
inches and had rested on the brain. The
blow had caused a compound fracture of
the skull. After the wound had been
dressed Corcoran refused to remain in
the hospital and walked to his home at
586 Natoma street. He lapsed Into un
consciousness yesterday afternoon and
is In a critical condition.
After Burke had taken Corcoran to the
hospital he returned to the market and
placed Austin under arrest and booked
him at the City Prison on a charge of
assault to commit murder. He then took
Austin to Corcoran's residence and Cor
coran identified him as the man who
threw the steel sharpener at him.
Austin admitted his guiTt, but claimed
that he acted in self-defense. He Bald
that after the throwing of the steak
Corcoran picked up a big butcher-knife
and was preparing to throw it at him
when he Prized the steel sharpener and
threw it at Corcoran. Austin gave Po
liceman Burke the knife which he alleges
Corcoran was threatening to throw at
him. and it and the steel sharpener are
booked as evidence.
Austin -was rek-aped from custody on a
bond for $1000, accepted by Cierk Mc-
Wi-"io of acting Police Judge Barry's
court. At that time it was not known
that Corcoran's Injury was so serious.
MEBCHANTS TALK ON BONDS.
They Send Out a Digest of Laws Reg
ulating Their Issuance.
In view of the election soon to be called
to decide whether or not San Francisco
shall extend the park panhandle to Mar
kec street, the Merchants' Association,
deems it wise to diffuse exhaustive rnfor
matlon upon the subject of municipal
bonds and the laws that regulate their
issuance.
To this end it has prepared a complete
digest of the present laws. State and
county, bearing upon the subject, and has
also prepared a digest of the laws hs they
will operate under the new charter when
It shall come into effect. The compari
son throws out plainly the defects in the
present system and accentuates the im
provements brought about by the char
ter, and is valuable in that it points out
to the voter just what he is casting his
ballot for.
for
Another Unknown Dead.
A^t about 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
Officer Greenewald found a man lying in
an unconscious condition on Meiggs wharf.
The ambulance was summoned and he
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital, where his case was diagnosed as
apoplexy: About 7 o'clock last night he
died without regaining consciousness. He
was about 40 years of age, wore blue
trousers, heavy shoes and a faded black
cutaway coat. Hi= general appearance
was that of a lumberman. The only
property in his possession was two keys.
The body wa« taken to the Morgue, where
it lies awaiting identification.
Carpenters Will Join the Council.
Carpenters' Union No. 22 held a meet
ing last night, at which, after a long and
animated discussion, it was decided to
affiliate with the Labor Council. To rep
resent the union In that body the follow
ing members were appointed: P. H. Mc-
Carthy, Robert Linhardt, Louis Zizma,
W. Atkinson and Silas Moore. There
were thirty-two applications for member
ship received and twenty-eight new mem
bers were Initiated.
SALT FOR THE SIBERIAN FLEET.
■ nr HE steamers Mount Eden and Emma are making extra trips every day to Mount Eden in order to
♦ I bring down salt ordered for the vessels going to Siberia. Three ships have sailed for Vladivostok,
A Nicholaefski and the Amoor River, and four more are now loading. All of them carry more or less
88 salt for the Russians, and the Emma and Mount Eden bring it across the bay and discharge it into the
4. vessels.
THE MARIPOSA
ARRIVES FROM
KANGAROO LAND
Brings a Million in
British Sovereigns.
HURRICANE IN QUEENSLAND
HUNDREDS OF LIVES AND MAN 1
VESSELS LOST.
A Growing Trade "With Siberia — An
Old Man Stricken With Death
While Working on the
Steamer Emma.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
Fteamer Mariposa arrived from Sydney,
N. S. W., via Auckland, X. Z.. Apia,
Samoa, and Honolulu. H. 1., yesterday
morning. She was 23 days 11 hours from
Sydney, and made the run up from Hono
lulu in 6 days 6 hours. She brought up
104 cabin passengers and 74 steerage pas
sengers, besides a large and valuable
cargn. In the strong-room was a million
dollars in Knglish sovereigns, represent
ing the balance of trade in America's
favor.
A hurricane played havoc in Queensland
while the Mariposa was at Sydney.
Houses were blown down and eighty
seven luggers, five schooners and one of
the lightships was wrecked. Eleven white
and 400 colored men lost their lives. The
luggers and schooners were engaged in
pearl fishing, and the colored men were
nearly all "blackbirds" enticed away from
the various islands in the Southern Seas.
A remarkable case of endurance while in
the water is given in connection with this
storm. A dispatch to the New Zealand
Herald says "a colored man reached shore
with two women after swimming four
days."
The Mariposa brings the news of the
escape of five convicts from the French
penal settlement in New Caledonia. The
British steamer Rippingham Grange took
a load of merchandise there, and when
she was getting ready to leave for New
Zealand the convicts stowed themselves
away. They were soon missed and a hue
and cry raised. The Rippingham Grange
was searched, with the result that one of
the escapes was found buried in the coal
in one of the bunkers. The gendarmes
were probing the coal with spears, and
one of the spears went through the con
vict's jaw. He then came forth and gave
himself up. Another convict was found
.stowed away in the lazarette, and he and
his companion were taken ashore. Once
on the wharf they were thrown down,
jumped on, kicked and beaten until one of
the unfortunate wretches was nearly
dead.
Up to this time the crew of the Ripping
ham Grange had assisted the gendarmes
in the search for the escapes, but after
the scene on the wharf they told the sol
diers to do their own searching. Not an
other man was found and the steamer
Balled with the stowaways aboard. News
was sent to the mainland, and when the
Rippingham Grange reached New Zea
land tte police boarded her and began an
other search for the convicts. The cap
tain admitted that the men were aboard,
but said he had ,not the faintest idea
where they were located. The New Zea
land police could find no trace of the pris
oners and the vessel sailed again. Her
next stopping place will be at the River
Platte, where another search will be
made.
At Samoa the British cruiser Tauranga
arrived while the Maiiposa was there,
making three British warships, the cruis
er Philadelphia and the German gunboat
Falke In Apia when the Mariposa sailed.
N. C. Walton Jr., former purser of the
Mariposa, is in Sydney, where he will en
gage in business. His place on the ship
has been taken by C. N. Fulcher. The
latter gentleman is not new to the busi
ness, as he was for years a purser on one
of the O. and O. steamers.
The Canadian Pacific steamers do not
now call at New Zealand, and in conse
quence the people of the islands were de
lighted to hear that the Oceanic Steam
ship Company was building three large
new steamer 3 for the trade.
There is more business than ships on
the water front these days. The steam
tonnage Is not sufficient to accommodate
the increase In trade with the Orient, and
although British tramps have been char
tered, the demand for freight room ex
ceeds the supply. The business with Si
beria has grown with leaps and bounds,
and vessels cannot be secured to carry
all the merchandise destined for Vladi
vostok. Kicolaefski and the Amoor River.
The ships Lucile, Big Bonanza and Wilna
have already sailed for one or the other of
these ports, and the schooners Nokomis,
Vine, Annie M. Campbell and ship Co
lumbia are now loading.
All of these vessels are taking large
quantities of salt and In consequence the
steamers Emma and Mount Eden are
making extra trips outside their regular
Oakland runs bringing salt over from
Mount Eden to fill the various orders.
The Emma was delayed by a sad fatal
ity at Mount Eden yesterday. In order
to make the steamer fast alongside the
landing a couple of stakes had to be
driven. H. Fischer, an old resident of
the place, was at the landing and, after
taking the vessel's lines, picked up a
sledgehammer and began driving the
stakes. In a few minutes he stopped and
BEST FORJHE SICK.
Nurses and Doctors Are Now Prescribing
Paines Celery Compound.
Every woman is said to make a good :
nurse.
The opportunity to try is certainly forced
on every woman at some time in her life,
and when the time comes and sickness
enters her home she should know exactly
what to do. She can follow no better ad-
vice than the expert counsel of physicians
and trained nurses who every day see
before their eyes the wonderful results of
Paine's celery compound among their sick,
debilitated and nervously exhausted pa-
tients.
Paine's celery compound is the only
spring medicine that has the confidence
of and is used and prescribed by nurses
and physicians.
For years they have seen patients under
their care rapidly recover health and
vigor from the use of this wonderful re-
storative.
Miss Cora Smith, whose portrait Is
given here, tells of her experience with i
complained of feeling unwell. Engineer
George Rowland and some of the Em
ma's crew helped Fischer to his home,
•where everything possible was done for
him, but he* died Inside of half an hour.
Owing to the fatality the Emma lost the
tide and the loading of one of the Sibe
rian fleet was delayed twelve hours.
It Is now several years since George
Rowland, then chief engineer oi the
steamer T. C. Walker; Captain P. A.
Johnson of the steamer Daisy Kimball,
and A. B. Porrell, purser of the steamer
J. D. Peters, joined issues, purchTsod the
rlvor steamer Emma and started an Op
position line to Oakland. At lirst they
this great spring remedy. Miss Smith 1p I
a graduate of the Northwestern Hospital
School for Nurses at Minneapolis. She
"During the past five years I have found ,
that where the system was run down j
g was so good as Paine's celery
compound. The doctors have often pre-
scribed it to patients under my charge, i
and I have noted the very satisfactory ]
results. I am glad to recommend it to !
my friends."
Miss Georgiania Dean, who is a grad-
uated nurse from the Francis "VYillard Na- \
tional Temperance Hospital of Chicago, I
says:
"In my experience as trained nurse I '■
have often observed that where a patient
has been very weak Paine's celery com-
pound has quickly returned him "to his
wonted vigor whenever the physician has
prescribed it."
Paine's celery compound Is now the only ,
spring remedy demanded by thoughtful
men and women. It has pushed aside the
countless unscientific catchpenny prepa- I
only did fairly well, and 750 tons of mer
chandise v month was about what the
steamer carried. The trade increased,
however, and soon the steamer was on a
paving basis. Then John L. I ■
bought out Dorrell. and his advent helped
matters considerably. Business grew un
til a second steamer was neces=ary, and
a short time ago the Mount Eden Mas
purchased. The two vessels are ,to*r car
rying 3000 tons of freight a mouth be
tween Fan Francisco and Oakland, and it
looks as though a third steamer would
be requir*K] in a short time.
The Japanese cruiser Chitose arrived at
Honolulu on March 29 last. She was eight
days going down, as she was only able to
use three of her boilers.
The transport Conemaugh left Hono
lulu March 28 for Manila. Her mules
were put aboard in the best of health,
and the captain expects to land them
all alive in Manila.
Captain Phillips of the British bark
Invermark died at Honolulu on March
2S after a stroke of paralysis. Cantain'
Phillips was well known in San Fran
cisco.
The American Bhip Marion Chilcott
Failed from Puget Sound yesterday for
Manila with a load of supplies for the
soldiers aboard. The British ship Bias
ton Hill at this port will finish loading
to-day and will probably sail Monday.
There will be an interesting race to Ma
nila between the two vessels.
The troopship Scandia arrived from
Manila yesterday. She was eighteen days
from Nagasaki and twenty-eight days
from Manila.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Stilts for divorce on the ground of fall-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ ■'■■■■■'■■■■■■■■■■■a mm
Electricity will limber up those stiff muscles, 'it will
KS^^^^^^^k saa5 aa i te . them ela », tlc and strong. I cblji pour it into your
fOh, My Back!
Electricity will limber up those stiff muscles. It will
make them elastic and strong. I can pour it Into your
body in a steady stream, warming and invigorating the
weak parts. It will cure the cause of pain.
Bf^^^ MY ELECTRIC BELT CURED HIM.
iv "About four years ago I sprained my back very bad-
\\ M that I coulrt hardly walk. After suffering over
two years I bought one of your Electric Belts. This I
I»B*re*|£%i? r,fil° r »bout three months, when I found my back
BllHnr TOEffl entirely well, and my kidneys better too.
J. C. PARK, Fort Ross. Cal., March 9. 1599."
WM liw! about*" and 86e my BeU Or Write for free book telUn «
DR M A Mcl AIIHHI IN
D R noSA MCLAUGHLIN ' SEND FOW Mr BOOK,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
Or Km South Broadway. Lob Angelei. .
Office hours— S a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays. ' iT 'A MAILED FREE.
M to X. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
rations that have no standing among rep-
utable physicians and nurses. No other
remedy has ho wonderful a record for ef-
fectively and lastingly curing those dis-
eases that result from deranged nerves
and impure blood. It has displaced all
other spring remedies, in the opinion of
the best class of druggists and physicians
and the great mass of intelligent people
who judge of a remedy by its results more
than by what it claims for itself.
Thousands of letters have been received
by the proprietors of Paine's celery com-
pound and by newspapers and medical
journals from men and women in every
walk of life, all telling one experience—
the immediate relief and perfect cure ef-
fected by Paine's celery compound.
The best physicians "openly indorse it,
use it, recommend it and authorize the
public use of their statements that Paine's
celery compound, in case after case, cures
rheumatism and kindred diseases, purifies
the blood, regulates the stomach, liver,
bowels and kidneys, and rejuvenates the
fagged-out or diseased nervous system.
ure to provide have been filed by May E.
Colemnn against John T. Coleman; Jenny
F. Stone against James Stone, and Mary
E. Havens against Edward S. Havens.
Minnie Linton has sued John T. Llnton
for divorce on the ground of desertion.
Vicente Flores asks for divorce from Al
ejandra Flores on the ground of infidelity.
Written Up in the Wasp.
I The financial articles in the Wasp every week
I are attracting a good deal of attention from
j business men. The field is a wide one, and the
I Wasp covers it in a very interesting manner.
j The "Wasp has taken a new departure in devot
: Ing a large amount of space to theatrical af-
I fairs and it must be admitted that they are
written up without fear or favor. The pri
mary consideration with the Wasp is evidently
to plf-aae the reader regardless of the feelings
lof the managers or of the performers. Us
i political review is unusually vigorous and com
! prehensive. Among the many interesting arti-
I cles in the Wat*i> is one relative to the an
: nouncement that Mr. Claus Spreckels is about
: to become the business competitor of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Light monopoly.
' The complete demoralization of the monopoly's
i stock is commentt-d upon as one of the most
Uable occurrences of recent years in the
financial world. The Wasp could hardly pr«
--i sent a better number than that of this week.
A Bicyclist Fined.
Daniel Lightfoot, a bicyclist, -was yes
terday fined $10 by Judge Graham on th»
charge of battery. While riding along
Market street Thursday afternoon he col.
lided with Richard Harris, a visitor from
Shasta County, and knocked him down.
Hence the punishment.USES HATCHET
WITH WHICH TO
OPEN GUNPOWDER
Five Hundred Pounds
Explodes.
THREE MEN AMID THE FLAMES
TWO OF THE VICTIMS SUCCUMB
TO THEIR INJURIES.
Point Richmond the Scene of a Dread
ful Accident— Foolhardiness or
a Laborer Places Many
Lives in Jeopardy.
Th<> carelessness of a man accustomed
to the use of high explosives resulted in
the death of one man yesterday and the
ling of two of his companions, one
nt occurred shortly
Int Richmond. Contra
md is being pre
termtnus of the San
■ ■
f age.
he died at
• . aged 30 years,
k, while Daniel
■ ihe hands.
■; a large force
McMahon in leveling
grim bluff of rock ex
almost due east of
• have been
■ rock at various
elng heavily charged
When the thousands
: roving agent have
. i the whole mass will
trlcity. The injured
In opening cans of
r outside a tunnel, which they
ten the explosion
James Hogan, who had long experience
:n handling powder, was opening the
Instead of unscrewing the tops, an
M.quiring but a moment, he
er off the cans with a stout
hatchet.
Superintendent Quill saw what he was
doing and cautioned him against such ac
tion. : i, and the superinten
dent walked away to another gang of his
workmen. He had only gone a short dis
tance when he heard the blows of the
hatchet again. He returned again to rep
riman He had just reached the
. : the latter was standing when
in he was handling exploded with a
puff. There was little, if any, concussion,
wder was not eoniined. The
burning of the first 2".-pound can ignited
- one by one until twenty of
wer* rent asunder. The three men
in the center of this flame and were
frightfully burned. The clothes dropped
In rags from their bodies, leaving three
ADVERTISEMENTS.
forward to the ordeal
jQxJ3-£*~Z i s' of motherhood with so
fjS! siuch dread women look
Jm forward to the ordeal
W of motherhood with so
much dread and anxiety
*^-h£^%lyf*3 that only after the baby has
"^l£?f^?s> safely arrived and made a
\sfjfgaf warm little place for himself
J*Sl in the mother's heart, does
Sfflp \ she fairly realize that it was
f'fi I indeed a good angel who
f, ' - brought this wee nestling to
brighten and sweeten her life.
Women who are approaching motherhood
with a sense of fear and solicitude, or in a
weakened physical condition, need the
help of that marvelous " Favorite Prescrip-
tion," invented by Dr. R. V. Pierce, chief
consulting physician of the Invalids' Hotel
.and Surgical Institute, Buffalo, N. V., and
designed expressly to restore healthy vigor
to the delicate feminine structure involved
in motherhood It takes away all < . the .
danger and most of the pain attendant ttp
on motherhood, and confers on the bab;
that lusty hardihood which is' a joy to a
mother's heart. ,
An Ohio lady, Mrs. Lefa Hoffmire. of daring
ton. Monroe Co.. in a letter to Dr. Pierce, says-
" I had always been healthy until four years
ago. Before the birth of ray child I suffered
'almost death a dozen times. Had what we call
I milk Imj for four years. Could not stand it to b<
/ on my feet long at a time without swelling dread-
fully. Before my last baby was born, I had ev-
ery symptom of a return of the trouble. My leg
swelled badly. I read of Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription, and thought I would try it. I took
six bottles, nod when my baby was born I was
net sick at s.ll after I was out of labor, whirl'
ted only a short time, i In times previous. 1-.
Lor had lastrd twelve to fifteen hours. Lan v
well woman 'o day, "and have beeu since I go;
out of bed, when my little boy was nine days old
I give the credit-all to Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription. 1 will never do without it during »ucb
a time."
figures, burned to a bronze hue, jumping |
about the rock-bound beach in their
dreadful agony.
Willing hands lifted the men and carried
them tenderly up a steep hill to the bunk
house. A messenger leaped nn a horse
and went post haste for medical assist
ance. In the meantime such simple reme
dies as were at hand were applied to al
leviate the suffering of the men. James
H. Stack, manager for Contractor Mc-
Mahon, was some miles away driving
toward the scene of the explosion. He
saw a white cloud drift lazily over the
brow of the hiil which separated him
from the scene of the accident. He called
his companion's attention to it and re
marked that it looked like an explosion.
His fears were verified a few moments
later when he saw the courier depart.
He alighted from his vehicle and or- j
dered it driven to the nearest railway
station, there to await the coming of the |
doctors, who were summoned by wire.
Dr. A. P. Mulligan of Martinez, in the
regular employ of the Valley road, was
the first on the scene. He was followed !
by Dr. <J. W. Stockwell of San Pablo.
They were supplied with lint, oil and i
other articles to relieve the burns. The ;
m»>n were swathed in bandages and made .
as < omfortable as their injuries would j
permit. Superintendent Quill, the least !
Injured, was removed to his home near i
San Pablo.
James Hogan. who struck the fatal j
*park. lingered until shortly after 1 |
o'clock, when he died. The end came so j
quietly that the men watching by his side '
could hardly note the minute death oc
secured some notoiiety
in this city recently. He registered at one
of the cheap hotels here and deposited
$40 with the night clerk. When leaving
sked for his money, presenting hi-j
receipt. The night clerk took it and then
denied that any money was on deposit in
his name. The matter was taken to the
courts. Hogan ultimately losing t.h»
money. Coroner Curry of Contra Costa
County was notified of his death and took
charge of the remains of both men.
Three other laborers narrowly escaped !
death. They were at work In the tunrei
at the mouth of which the accident oc
curred. Behind them was a lot of loose
powder, over a thousand pounds in all.
They were in a prison of stone. The
dames rushed in the mouth of th.3 tun
nel and up the steep side of the hill. Its
blackened slope speaks mutely of the
fierceness with which the powder burned.
The men in the cave were A. Dicker.^on,
Gus Berg and M. McCarthy.
This is the first serious accident in the
building of the Valley road. The hun
dreds of men who have contributed their
labor have escaped scatheless until now.
Manager James Stack was unremitting
in his efforts to procure relief for the suf
ferers. In addition to the doctors he se
cured he sent to this city for medicines,
which were sent up at once on a launch.
"This Is one of the accidents difficult to
guard against," he said yesterday. "Men
will get careless in the handling of ex
plosives, We have warned them repeat
edly. For our part we observe the strict
est caution. Our powder is stored in a
magazine cut deep into a hill. The en
trance is from the land side, so th it pass
ing yachtsmen may not use the door as a
target. It is carried one can at a time to
the spot where it is to be exploded. The
men will be timid for a few days as a.
result of this accident."
Contractor McMahon was in Santa Cruz
at the time of the accident. II» was j.o
tirled and left at once for Point Richmond.
DOES FRED FOSTER
OWN THE HORSES?
JUDGE CONLAN COMMENCES THE
EXAMINATION.
Detective Cody Characterizes Ex-
Judge Frick's Bribery Asser
tions as Deliberate False
hoods.
The preliminary examination of Fred
Fester, the horseman, charged with ob
taining money by false pretenses on tr.e
complaint of A. Howard, the Australian
plunger, was commenced before Judge
Ccnlan yesterday morning. Attorney
Joseph J. Dunne appeared as special
■ utor. and the interests of the de
fendant were looked after by Colonel
Baker and ex-Judge Frick of Oakland.
Only three witnesses were examined
when the court adjourned, with the un
derstanding- that the examination would
be continued on Monday morning. James
Boyle, employed in the First National
Bank Safe Deposit vaults, testified to
seeing the defendant and the complaining
wli;»-ss at the vaults in the month of
January. Accompanied by Howard, be
went to Howard's box and took out a sack
of coin, whicli witness carried to a private
room, wher« Foster had remained. Boyle
[eft Foster an<] Howard in the room, and
in a few minutes Howard handed the sack
to Boyle, who returned it to the box.
Howard asked him for the loan of a small
sack for coin for Foster.
John Maynard, receiving teller in Wells-
FargO'S Bank, was asked several ques
tions, but his recollection was vague and
the only thing be actually testified to was
that he had seen Foßter in the bank.
Foster's bankbook was admitted in evi
dence, and it showed a total deposit of
$11,419 V) during January and- February.
Beveral checks on the account were also
read, including one for $10,000 to Burns &
Waterhouse on February 17.
Wesley A. Grimmell. clerk of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, testified as to the
horse.-: Yellow Tail and Sam McKeever
being registered March 7 in Foster's
name.
After the adjournment ex-Judge Frick
did not call upon Chief Lees and prefer
cnarges against Detective Cody of at
tempting to bribe him, as he threatened
to do. Cody characterized Frick's asser
tions as deliberate falsehoods. He admits
that he called at Frick's house in connec
tion with the case, but emphatically de
nies that anything was said about brib
ery. Chief Lees has asked him to make
a full report In writing upon the subject.
High School Field Day.
The tenth annual championship field
day of the Academic Athletic League
will be held this afternoon on the cinder
path of the University of California.
There are twenty-five schools which are
members of the league, and nearly every
one has some representative athletes who
will take part in the competition for
prizes.
The best material will wear the colors
of the Oakland, San Francisco Polytech
nic or the Berkeley High Schools. The
local contingent Is rather strong this
year and will make a good showing for
first place.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1599.
THE POOL MEN'S
FIGHT FOR LIFE
AND DOLLARS
Opening of the Race
track Case.
EX-SECRETARY ON THE STAND
BOOKMAKERS WHO PAY a FOR
TUNE EVERY DAY.
The Plaintiffs Anxious to Show That
the Track L a Very Valu
able Piece of
Property.
The actual trial of the injunction suit
against the police brought by the pool
sellers opened before Judge Murasky yes-
terday. There was hut one witness exam
ined. W. B. I. cake, who two years ago
was secretary of the Pacific Coast Jocko-
Club. He was called to tell of the im
provements which had been added to the
bare land bought by the racing associa
tion, and how much of it would become
valueless if racing were discontinued at
the Ingleside track. He also told of the
fortunes the bookmakers pay to be al
lowed to ply their trade in the betting
ring.
Henry Ach, attorney for the plaintiffs,
the poolmen and the jockey club, made an
opening statement in which he declared
the plaintiffs would prove that the pool
selling ordinance was never violated; that
the business of the plaintiffs has been se
riously injured by the' presence of the po
lice, and that should the attempt of the
defense to stop the plaintiffs' business be
successful it will result in irreparable in
jury to the plaintiffs. The contention of
the defense is that it is not the presence
of the police at the track that has caused
the plaintiffs trouble, but their persistence
in maintaining a business In violation of
the law.
Mr. Leake was secretary of the jockey
: club from March, 1895. to March, 1897.
During that time the track was built up
from a barren waste to its present condi
i tion, and the witness was questioned
! closely as to the value of all these lm-
I provements.
He was asked the value of the grand
stand—what it cost to build, how many it
i would accommodate and what its present
' value is. Ach's questions then turned to
the paddock, the stables, the clubhouse,
the kitchens and outbuildings, and all
the permanent improvements. Then he
1 took up the land itself, and found from
' the witness that the whole thing, land,
improvements and all. is worth about half
a million. Then Ach showed the object of
his questions by asking what would be the
value of all these if racing were discon
i tinued at Ingleside.
The question was objected to, but the
court passed it. and the witness answered
fty saying they would be worth a great
deal more for racetrack purposes than
for anything else. He could not judge of
would "all be valueless.
1 Then Ach took up the privileges. He
', inquired about the bar privilege, the
i restaurant, the kitchen, the feed store,
; the harness shop, the programme privi
: letre, the candy, the poolboys and tho
j bookmakers, the telegraph, the field
' glasses, the over-night entries and the
handlcappers. He was told the value of
each at the time the witness was secre
tary of the association and was informed,
too", that if racing were discontinued they
would all be worthless.
On, cross-examination, despite the ob-
J jections of opposing counsel, the defense
had the witness tell all he knew of pool
selling and betting at the track, both by
the ladies in the grand stand through the
poolboys and by the men in the betting
ring. He told how the bookmakers paid
$lini a day for the privilege of making
books, and whenever there were more
than five races in the' day they paid pro
portionately more. The witness said there
were from twelve to thirty bookmakers
always doing business in the betting ring,
besides two field hooks which paid $150
a day each. There was an average of six
! races a day for the season.
Regarding profits, Mr. Leake said that
in the time he was connected with the
i jockey club the track cleared over $175,000,
: but that most of this was put back into
the track in permanent improvements.
1 Since 1897, he understood, there had been
i paid a stock dividend of 100 per cent and
a dividend on the actual amount of stock
! issued of 6 per cent. The only actual cash
dividend, therefore, has been this 6 per
! cent, amounting to about $30,000.
Witness was also asked about the car
1 lines plaintiffs' counsel seemed to think
! had been inveigled out to Ingleside, and
Mr. Leake stated that perhaps they
! would not be so valuable for a while if
: racing were discontinued. It had been
| shown that the gate receipts amounted
I to anything from $1000 a day to $5000 and
i over, figures which represent a good many
: more people.
The trial was not interesting, for it in
| eluded milch that the defense is willing
ito admit. It is not denied that the busi
-1 ness has been a large one, but it is not the
j racing they are attacking; it is the pool
! selling, «and no one can deny the fact that
| hundreds of thousands of dollars have
i come and gone through that same nefari
i ous business of the poolseller.
Physical Culture
Professor Walter Magee of the Univer
sity of California lectured on "Physical
Culture" yesterday afternoon at the Oc-
cidental, under the auspices of the Child
Study Club. He regarded the proper care
of the body as equally important as the
cultivation of the mind, and gave some
good advice as how to attain best results
in the culture of the body.
POLITICAL PLUM
FOR DR. LAWLOR
OF SAN QUENTIN
Prison Physician to
Be Health Officer.
SO NOTIFIES WARDEN HALE
MANY ANXIOUS CANDIDATES IN
MOURNING.
The Meaning of Lawlor's Recent
Mysterious Visit to Sacramento
and His Elation on Re
turning Explained.
There is one luscious political plum, for I
the possession of which a good deal of I
wire-pulling has been carried on, that j
has finally been apportioned across the |
bay, and several candidates who thought j
themselves in a fair way to secure the
prize will have to nurse their disappoint- j
ment as best they may and try again.
Dr. Lawlor of San Quentin, the official j
"prison physician," is to be the next j
Health Officer of the city and county of j
San Francisco. Governor Gage himself j
has said it— so far no one has been dis
covered that can swing a sledge hammer I
hard enough to turn the mind of Gage on
the proposition.
For the past week or ten days rumors '
have been floating around in political cir
cles that Lawlor was to secure this cov
eted position, but until yesterday nothing
definite or authoritative could be learned. I
Simultaneously comes the news from a !
close friend of Gage and from Lawlor |
himself that he is to have the position.
A few days ago the physician notified j
Warden Hale that it made no difference j
to him whether or not Aguirre was to be
Warden, because he (Law lon intended to j
resign and become the. Health Officer of f
San Francisco. He further asserted that j
Gage had given him a definite promise I
he should have that plum.
During the last session of the Legisla- j
ture Lawlor found it convenient to go to !
Sacrajnento several times and leave the I
patients in his care to the tender merciea I
of the prison druggist. It was known j
then that he was after some important
position, but he kept a close mouth, and ■
until lately nobody knew what he wanted i
or what his chances were. Now both are
known— to the sorrow of several place- i
hunters.
MISSION WORKERS MEET.
Twenty-Sixth Annual Session of the
Occidf ntal Board of Foreign
Missions.
The twenty-sixth annual session of the
Occidental Board of Foreign Missions
came to a close last evening with the
Young People's meeting at the Mission
Home, 920 Sacramento street.
The morning conference, which was
held at the First Presbyterian Church,
was given over to the reading of excel
lent I aj-ers bearing on the foreign work
of the mission, and the flection of offi
cers for the ensuing year. The officers
elected were:
Prenident. Mrs P. P Browne; recording sec
retary, Mrs. \\\ H. Thomas: general cnrre
pponding secretary, Mrs L. A. Kelley; secre-
tary of literature, Mrs. H. B. Plnney: special
object secretary. Mrs. H. C. Morris: foreign
corresponding necretary, Mrs. D. W. Hors
burgh; State recretary. Mrs. I. M. Coniiit;
i hrlHtlan Endeavor secretary. Mrs;. R. P.
Coyle; secretary for Young People's work. Miss
Garrette: treasurer. Mrs. E. O. Dennistop;
special treasurer, Mrs. C. P. Wright.
In the afternoon the Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions were the guests of
the members of the Presbyterian Chinese
Church at 911 Stockton street. The youth
ful Mongolians of Mrs. Condit'a Blble
class decorated the sacred edifice and
made it beautiful with a wealth of gayly
colored lanterns. Chinese ornaments,
carved Oriental furniture and the dragon
flag. The little children of the • Mission
School in gorgeous Oriental gash Bang
hymns and national songs, and recited
with telling effect patriotic verses.
Previous to the reading of the papers
of the "toilers at the front," the Chinese
women were allowed to withdraw, but
before going were regaled with light re
freshments and presented with a bunch
of flowers. •
Argentina's Wheat Exports.
BUENOS AYRES, April 7.— According
to last reports Argentina will export this
year 2.250,000 tons of wheat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN HONEST DRUGGIST
WILL ALWAYS GIVE YOU
Hfflwsiili J&nos
If you Ask for the Best Natural Laxative Water.
Others will give you a cheap substitute on which they
make a few cents more profit.
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders
Hunyadi Janes Has No Equal.
"THEY ARE WORKS
OF ART" SAYS
MR. BACIGALUPI
His Indecent Pictures
in Court.
JUDGMENT OF AN EXPERT
PROPRIETOR OF THE ART SA
LOON ON MORALITY.
Eleven Vulgrr and Suggestive Pho
tographs Tell Their Own Dam
aging Story of In;ent to
Corrupt.
Peter Bacigalupi and his immoral pic
tures were up before Judge Barry yester
day. Bacigalupi was under arrest for
violating the ordinance forbidding the ex
hibition of indecent photographs, and the
evidence against him consisted chiefly
of some' samples of his wares.
In the basement of the City Hall the
police had put one of the captured slot
machines in working order and had filled
it with pictures taken from Bacigalupi's
place of business. They were not all
taken from one machine, but represented
the principal attractions of several. The
pictures were vulgar and suggestive;
there was nothing artistic in any of them
and from their character it was plain that
art was not the object of their existence
or exhibition. A painted woman in more
or less suggestive pose, with clothes
enough to bring her within the law, but
bo 'imposed as to put her without the law
again, was the subject of each. They
were cheap and tawdry and not worth a
nickel from either standpoint, decent or
indecent, but there was no mistaking
their corrupt intent.
Policeman Tyrrell was the first witness
for the prosecution. He told how, on
April 1, ht and hi? brother officers had
raided the Bacigalupi place and had con
fiscated certain of the pictures he had
found there exposed to view. He de
scribed how the pictures were in slot ma
chines and for the convenience of those
who were not tajl enough to properly
peer through the eye-piece there was pro
vided for each machine a little box for
the boy or girl to stand on. It was evi
dent that the machines were for the edi
fication of young as well as old.
Tyrrell was asked what he had done
with these pictures and he said he had
them- downstairs, whereupon the court
adjourned ■ to the basement and court,
clerk, bailiff and counsel for both sides
inspected the evidence. Returning to the
courtroom Tyrrell identitied the pictures
he had taken from the machine in evl
■ . and the pictures themselves were
made part of the case against Bacigalupi.
The ordinance claimed to have been vio
lated was then introduced and after the
defense had admitted the other officers
woulfl testify as Tyrrell had done the case
for the prosecution closed.
The defense opened with a motion to
dismiss, hut the motion was denied and
Bacigalupi was called. Great stress was
laid by his counsel on the fact
that Bacigalupi pays a license to
protect his business. Counsel ar
gued that the defendant conducted a le
gitimate business, under proper license
and "in the open day." He declared the
pictures were photographs of actual per
sons in actual poses that may be seen at
any time in any part of the country. Pros
ecuting Attorney Carpenter argued that
while the law allowed and his license pro
tected the defendant in the sale and ex
hibition of decent pictures, he could not
plead that as an excuse for indecency.
Bacigalupi testified that he had pur
chased the pictures in Paris and they
had been brought into the country
through the Custom-house; no customs i
officer had found fault with them, he paid,
and he had no trouble in getting them in.
He said these in court he had had on 'ex
hibition for three years, and he did not
consider them at all out of the way. Car
penter asked him if the place was open
to anybodj .
"Anybody, man, woman or child can see
them if they drop a nickel."' was the an
swer.
"Minor or adult?" asked the court.
"Anybody," again was the reply.
As an expert on morality, Thomas G.
Dunn, who keeps the Art saloon, was
called. He said he had been buying works
of art for years, and he thought himself
qualified to pass upon the morality of the
photographs in evidence. Carpenter ob
jected on the ground that while he might
be a critic on art. it certainly had not
been shown he was an expert 'on moral
ity, but he was allowed to say he thought
the pictures were not indecent or Im
moral.
On cross-examination he was asked if
he had "works of art" in his own place,
and he said he had.
"Pictures of naked women?" queried
Carpenter.
"Yes."
"Would you exhibit them to your chil
dren?" was the next question.
"Ye?." said Dunn, "to my children, or
my wife, or my grandchildren."
That was enough for the prosecution,
and Mr. Dunn, expert on pictorial mor
ality, was allowed to depart.
That ended the proceedings for the day.
The case had progressed farther than the
defense expected, and they were not
ready to go on immediately, so the trial
went over until Thursday next.
LABOR VS. EXPANSION.
Opposed to the Importation of Fili*
pino Musicians to This City.
At a meeting of the San Francisco La
bor Council last night that body placed
itself squarely on record as being against
the policy of the United States Govern
ment in acquiring the Philippine Islands.
The matter that drew forth the expres
sion of the council was the proposal of
the Mechanics' Institute to employ forty
musicians from the Philippine Islands.
At a previous meeting the secretary was
instructed to write ' Jetter to the board
of directors protestiii b against this act.
That letter was received and referred to
the committee on music of the institute.
This way of getting around the question
did not suit the members of the Labor
Council, and as a result the following
resolution was passed at the meeting last
night:
Whereas, We learn that there is under
consideration by certain parties in San
Francisco a plan to employ labor from the
Philippine Islands; and
Whereas. The reasoning used in the fur
therance of this project is that the pres
ence in this locality of certain classes of
Filipino laborers would tend to create a
sentiment among the public in favor of the
control by the United States of the Philip
pine Islands, with the consequent result of
adding the labor and product of these isl
ands to the United States upon a basis of
equality in law with the labor and produc
tion of the United States; therefore, be It
Resolved, By the San Francisco Labor
Council at a regular meeting assembled,
that we are opposed to the employment of
Filipino labor, or products on the terms
named, either directly or indirectly, as be
ing an aggravation of the alien labor evil,
and broadly a violation of the labor and
other laws made and provided in such mat
ters; and be it further
Resolved. That we protest against the
present policy of the national Government
which gives the color of equity to the im
portation of cheap Asiatic labor; a policy
which, in our* opinion, is disguised express
ly for that purpose in order that the safe
guards of the American people may be de
stroyed by the invidious influence of con
tractors with a low standard of low civ
ilization; and be it further
Resolved. That in our opinion the solution
Of the question of imported Filipino labor
depends on the future attitude of our Gov
ernment to the people of the Philippine Isl
ands—whether these people will be allowed
to enjoy the liberty as a nation which they
fought for and won and which are our in
alienable rights as men, or whether they
shall be subjected and compelled to serve
an exploiting class under the government of
the United States; and be it further
Resolved. That we favor the granting of
full and complete independence to the Fili
pinos and the protection of these and all
other peoples in the enjoyment of their na
tural conditions.
A resolution was passed instructing the
secretary to communicate with the Park
Commissioners regarding the eight hour
law on all public works.
Much joy was manifested at the report
that Carpenters' Union No. 22 had by a
unanimous vote decided to affiliate with
the Labor Council.
PRICE AND SQUAD
TO BE REMOVED
WRITTEN REQUEST PRESENTED
TO CHIEF LEES.
Lieutenant Price and his squad of four
men, as suggested by Chief Lees Thurs
rioy. sent in a written request to the Chief
asking that they be removed from China
town. The request is signed by William
Price, Stephen Bunner, Paul J. Butler,
William King and Charles H. Taylor. It
is as follows:
The undersigned, the present Chinatown
squad, hereby respectfully request to be
relieved from further duty in Chinatown.
We all feel that we have done our full
duty in this detail to the best of our abil
ity and we respectfully refer you. In this
behalf, to the records of the courts and the
Treasurer' office. We are, however, very
greatly and disagreeably and unnecessar
ily hampered in the effective 'discharge of
our duty by the unfounded and untruth
ful reports concerning ourselves which have
lately appeared, and to so great an ex
tent has this developed that we are pre
cluded from attempting the performance of
our duty without the presence of witnesses.
Under these circumstances you will readily
roni attempting the performance of
without the presence of witnesses.
toko circumstances you will rendlly
understand how we are impeded and ham
pered, nd for the sake of the department,
as well as for our own sakes, we request
to be relieved from this detail.
The Chief intimated that he would con
sider the request and act upon it In due
course of time. It is probable that a new
squad will be detailed for Chinatown in a
day or two, but considerable difficulty will
be experienced in Retting a suitable man
to take charge of the squad.
The Chief submitted a statement yes
terday which shows that Sergeant Pe'r
rin's squad from March 4 to September 14.
1897, made 1640 arrests and the fines paid
amounted to $5445: Sergeant Shea's squad,
from September 17 to April 29. 1898. 1735
arrests, tines .paid $13,300; Sergeant Mc-
Manus' squad, from April 30 to February
16, this squad, from April 30 to February
lia year. 2031 arrests, fines paid J1fi.330;
truant Price's squad, from February
16 to March 31. 335 arrests, fine's paid $2701.
Total arrests from March 4, 1597. to
March 31, 1899, 5741; total fines paid. $37,776.
Basket Ball Game To-day.
The basket ball reams of the California
and Nevada universities will meet in a
match game at Odd Fellows' Hall. Sev
enth and Market streets, this afternoon.
The contest Is booked for' 2:30 sharp and
an admission fee of 50 cents will b*
charged. The Nevada girls arrived last
evening in Berkeley and will remain un
til to-morrow evening. A contingent of
the Stanford girls will shout for the sage
brush visitors and the game will not be
without plenty of enthusiasm.
GAME CHARGE
MADE AGAINST
THE EXECUTOR
Heazelton's Account
Excepted To.
REAY HAS A GRIEVANCE
THE MANAGEMENT OF MABEL
TREADWELL'S ESTATE.
It It Being Conducted, It Is Alleged,
With the Purpose in View of
Defeating Claims of
Debtors.
A. W. Reay, who holds a judgment
against the estate of the late Mabel
Treadwell for the sum of $4800, has come
into court and filed .a bill of exceptions
to the second account of George Heazel
ton, executor of the last will of the de
ceased, in which he openly charges .the
executor with attempting to bankrupt the
estate in order to defeat his claim. The
matter of the settlement of the account
was called by Judge Coffey yesterday, but
upon the filing of the exceptions by
Reay's counsel, J. B. Mhoon, the case
went over.
The account of the executor is a large
one, the items excepted to covering many
thousand dollars. Reay cxcepts first to an
Item in the account of $200 for office rent,
on the ground that the office was not
needed by the executor in which to per
form labors on behalf of Mrs. Treadwell's
estate, and was used for other purposes.
On the same ground objection is made to
telephone and other bills. Then two
claims, included in the account of W. S.
Goodfellow for the aggregate sum of
$2150, are asked to be disallowed on the
ground that they are unlawful. Lloyd &
Wood's claim for $2000 is also contested on
the contention that it is unauthorized, as
are those of Eugene Deuprey for $500, a
legacy to H. C. Summers of $5000. a claim
of George A. Knight for $300. and a pay
ment made to H. C. Summers of $2000,
which It is contended was illegal. An
account of $2200 for real estate is also in
cluded in the exceptions, it being claimed
that the real estate in question does not
belong to the estate, and lastly an item
of $13,148 45, being money in the vaults of
the California Savings and Loan Society,
is asked stricken out as it was adjudged
to be a portion of the estate of C. F.
Summers in an action recently determined
in Judge Troutt's court.
These are the main accounts to which
the judgment debtor- takes exception, but
in his closing paragraph he cites his most
interesting conclusion. In his opinion, he
avers, the executor is managing deced
ent's estate so the same will be insolvent
and ultimately no property left with
which to respond to hi? claim. What an
swer Heazelton will make to this charge
is at present a matter of speculation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WELSBACH PATENTS
SUSTAINED
Court of Appeals.
A a. :
Judge Shipman, in
the United States Cir-
cuit Court of Appeals,
has rendered a de-
cision finally sustaining
the Welsbach Com-
pany's patent.
Every manufacturer,
seller or user of incan-
descent gas lights
other than the Wels-
bach is, in view of this
decision, an infringes
All infringers will be
proceeded against at
once. We again cau-
tion the public against
the purchase of an
incandescent mantle
other than that made
and sold by the Wels-
bach Company or its
agents.
Every genuine Wels-
bach lamp has the
trade mark, "Wels-
bach," conspicuously
I printed upon the pack-
age and upon the
burner itself.
For sale by all first-
class dealers in gas
appliances.
CLEANSING, /s&*,
BEAUTIFYING. |M 1
The grandest combination on TeS». £/
earth for •cleansing, purifying \ fff-^^
and beautifying the skin and
complexion is WOODBURVS Facial Soap and
WOODBURT'S Facial Cream. -' No scientific
truth was ever more wonderful than the results
accomplished by their use In the toilet and
bath. Sold everywhere.
56
SATURDAY APRIL 8, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.^ Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Managw.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sty. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMa. 217 to 231 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, S cents.
Terms by Mall. Including PoeU*»:
pAILY CALL (including Sunday Uali). one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Ca.ll), 6 months 3.00 :
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50 j
DAILY CALL— By Single Month Otic
SUNDAY CALL Or.c Year *-5*
WEEKLY CALL. One Year l-OO
A:: r->Btmasf ers are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample ccples ■will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay, |
open until 9:50 o'clocK- 387 rjaye* street, open until
9:30 o'clocK. 6£l McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 LorKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK- ;
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 229' MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- 106 Eleventh ;
street, open until 9 o'clocK. 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
•isAUiciy streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Serenade."
Grard Opera House— "The Black Hussar.
Orphe'jm — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "The Charity Ball."
Tlvcii— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Alhambra— "Married. Not Mated."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
md evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Grand Opera House— Saver P.ecitais. Wednesday afternoon,
April 19.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo, Sunday.
El Cair.po— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eas>ton. Eldri'dge & Co.— Tuesday, April 11, at 12
o'clock, real estate, at 63S Market street.
THE NEW PRIMARY LAW.
1"* HE first experience of the politicians with the
itton primary law has not resulted in entire
disappointment. An election took place at
Stockton early this week at which delegates were
elected to municipal conventions of the principal po
litical parties. There was no contest in the Demo
cratic organization, and consequently the Democrats
>ted the Republicans in choosing
their delegates. How many Democrats voted with
the different Republican factions cannot be ascer
tained, but an evening paper is authority for the state
ment that a belief is prevalent in the vicinity of the
slough city that the Republican convention was
selected by Democrats.
Senator Stratton says he is very much pleased with
the operation of the new statute, and in a communica-
tion to a morning contemporary he congratulates
himself that things are no worse. He admits that it
is difficult to keep Democrats from voting for Repub
lican delegates, and vice versa, but he thinks in time
this evil will subside — on the ground, we presume,
ter the new statute becomes thoroughly under
stood both parties will have all they can do to take
care of their own business.
In connection with the Stratton primary law it
should be noted that the Non-Partisan party of this
city has relinquished all idea of testing its validity
before the Supreme Court. This would seem to in
dicate that the Non-Partisans do not regard it as
inimical to their interests. On the other hand, they
have appointed a committee of lawyers to examine
the Rickard ballot law and pronounce upon its con
stitutionality. It is said that these attorneys will re
port against the statute and that the Non-Partisans
will immediately inaugurate a contest designed to
obliterate it from the statute-books.
On the whole, we gather from Senator Stratton's
communication, from the action of the Non-Partisans
2nd from the success of the new primary law at Stock
ton that the cohorts of reform are well satisfied with
the situation. Mr. Stratton declares that one grati
fying effect of his- law has been the introduction of a
large number of voters to primary politics who have
heretofore remained at home. This we concede is
a gratifying result, if it shall be followed up by a
repetition of the experience of Stockton in other
places, but the grand te-t of this primary legislation
will take place in San Francisco. Here the science
of boss politics has been worked down to a fine
point, and if the people succeed in electing nominat
ing conventions representing thei^own wishes in this
city, Senator Stratton may indeed "congratulate him
self upon his work.
SOMEWHAT ERRONEOUS.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the New York
:cr stating "an incredible story
comes from California to the effect that a
phiiantl aned Spreckels proposes to invest
$10,000,000 in the establishment of an electric plant
that will furnish to the people of San Francisco light,
heat and power at a fair margin of profit above the
cost," goes nn to say:
"If Mr. Sprcekels does anything of the kind he
will assail rhe fundamental principle on which our
existing magnificent system of public franchises is
established. Mr. Spreckels could not more directly
antagonize the vested rights of franchise-grabbing if
he should propose to pay taxes on his franchise prop
trty."
Our New York contemporary is slightly in error.
It is not thoroughly posted on California affairs.
Mr. Spreckels is not posing as a philanthropist, but
is a business man who works for the advancement of
the State and the welfare of the people by business
methods. Moreover, in this case he is not interfering
With franchises, h does not require a franchise to
start a lighting company in San Francisco. The law
provides a free way for competition, and that is where
the metropolis of the Pacific is better off than the big
y the Atlantic.
The controversy between Huntington and Herrin
over the Senatorial fight is not so one-sided as it ap
pears on the surface. It is true Huntington is doing
all the talking, but Herrin's unwonted silence speaks
louder than words.
The park extension proposition will give us a good
subject to talk about during the spring fever days,
and will prove a pleasant pastime, provided we keep
cool.
Whether the cost of lighting in this city is voted
up or voted down, the people have one consolation —
competition is coming.
THE RAINFALL IN CALIFORNIA.
I 7E directed the attention of our contemporaries
\ « / in Oregon and Washington a short time ago
*" to the fact that their expressions of sorrow
over the drought in California were uncalled for, and
that their frequent assertions of the failure of our
orchard and farm crops were unjustified. Since then
they have perceived the truth of our words and now
the reputation of California is no longer suffering
from ov,erdone protestations of sympathy from that
source.
A new set of sympathetic friends has arisen for us,
however, in the Southern States, and the people along
the Gulf coast are condoling with us and consoling
themselves with the statement that the drought in
! California is worse than the blizzards that swept over
| them during the past winter, killing the orange
groves all through the South and spoiling the Mardi
Gras celebration at New Orleans.
In an editorial published March 26 the New Or
leans Times-Democrat, after asserting that lamenta
tions are going up in this State from stock-raisers,
Ei-growers and orchardists, and that the drought
been especially oppressive and destructive be
! the previous" year was also dry, says:
he experience of the last two seasons gives rise
to the belief that California is becoming an arid
State, like Western Nebraska and Kansas. When
the tide of emigration carried thousands of people
into those States they found a fertile soil and a cli
mate that while dry had a sufficient rainfall to allow
the cultivation of crops. But it grew more arid from
year to year, drought succeeded drought and crop
after crop failed, until the situation became unendur
able. It looks as if California were going through
Bi the same experience."
: give the date of this editorial for the purpose
irecting attention to the fact that it was pub
d thirteen days after the bountiful rains of
March had put an end to the drought and assured
good crops throughout the State. It thus appears
that while any temporary evil in California is widely
commented upon, the brighter side of our conditions
and prospects is unnoted.
The circulation of these stories of drought and dis
aster are of some importance since they are likely to
affect the judgments of home-seekers and of capital
ists who are looking for investments. The discredit
they cast upon the State affects us in many ways, and
as it is not at all likely that our Eastern contem
poraries desire to injure California, we have a right
to expect them to correct the injurious reports when
the falseness of them is pointed out.
The Central Pacific Railroad Company has recently
published an elaborate chart showing the monthly
rainfall of San Francisco for fifty years. It shows
that during that long period the fluctuations in rain
fall have been remarkably slight. In the whole
course of the fifty years there have been but two
seasons of drought, and these were forty-eight years
apart, the first being in 1850-51 and the second in
The regularity of the rainfall for long periods of
time is shown by the fact that if the forty-eight years
from 1849-50 to 1896-97 are divided into four periods
of twelve years each we get the following results:
From 1849 to 1861 there fell 269.31 inches of rain;
from 1861 to 187.3 the fall was 301.88; from 1873 to
1885 there was a fall of 282.31; from 1885 to 1897 the
fall amounted to 287.14 inches. The last group, it will
be noted, has 18 inches more rain than the first group.
This chart prepared for San Francisco effectually
disposes of the Eastern theory that California is
about to become an arid State, so far at least as the
region north of Tefrachapi is concerned. An equally
good showing can be made of course for the average
rainfall in the south, and we suggest to our contem
poraries in that section that they urge the preparation
of such a chart by a Board of Trade or some other
organization able to undertake the publication on a
comprehensive scale.
It is time to put an end to these stones about Cali
fornia, and the best way to do so is to publish the
facts and submit them to our Eastern contemporaries
who have been misled into circulating the injurious
reports.
SOCIAL AMERICANISM.
ONE of the published descriptions of a recent
marriage in New York pales the gorgeous
memories of Mrs. Grundy. For American
readers it puts the event as most notable "because it
brought a union of two great fortunes; because
thousands of dollars were lavished upon its prepara
tion and fulfillment; because it gives the child of a
once humble California miner marriage connection
with the house of Marlborough of old England; be
cause the guests who offered their congratulations
possessed countless millions of wealth."
American imperialists, who coarsely imitate im
perial realities, may enjoy this unspeakably vulgar
picture which by genuine Americans will be resented
as an insult conceived in ignorance and brought
forth in stupidity. Our restricted commercial rela
tions with foreign princes, some of them genuine and
some of them not even brevetted, have not so far re
sulted in their exclusion from our soil by a prohibi
tory tariff and, fortunately, or unfortunately, under
our constitution, are beyond the control of a duty on
exports. They have not yet been regarded, however,
as furnishing a typical occupation for American so
ciety. Our best families are still proud to trace their
origin to early colonists or to revolutionary heroes or
to their prototypes abroad, and have evinced no
anxiety to connect themselves, by blood or by matri
mony, with the hungry and covetous aristocrats
whose ancestors endowed them with stolen and van
ishing fortunes.
It is probable also that we have retained sufficient
republican severity not to gauge our respect for mar
riage by the Pactolian streams it unites, by the lavish
expenditures it sometimes excuses or palliates, or by
the golden tinge of the congratulations. The dis
contented millionaires, who are disgusted with
monotonous equality and who disguise their nation
ality in the suburbs of imperialism, are still few and
far between. They were probably absent from the
matrimonial festivities that some reporter desecrated
in our quotation. But, though far from numerous,
they are nevertheless a developing class, and by their
blatant conspicuousness and pretensions they cheapen
their country before the world. They are akin to the
expansionists, who would prefer to reign in Asia
rather than to hold their equal rank among American
sovereigns on this continent.
The infelicities of toadyism and pretentiousness are
hard to endure, because they veil or distort the sur
face of American civilization. There is a rhythmic
harmony and a pure beauty in the unique social con
ceptions that our institutions and our condi
tions naturally produce which should enlist the
pride and stimulate the honor of every man
and of every woman whose patriotism is true
and strong. Here factitious rank, the gewgaws
of artificial distinction, are constitutionally for
bidden. But here also inherent rights and equality
before the law do not compel promiscuous associa
tion. Society, with the family as its unit, divides and
THE SAN FBAS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
classifies itself, and in the exercise of free choice, in
fluenced by individual taste and by the suggestions of
circumstance, without clash or jar, men and women
blend into assimilated groups. This is society, not
made by law nor regulated by artificial assump
tions, but fashioned in natural molds, protected by
educated intelligence.
In the United States, with its eighty millions,
there are social circles that preserve American origin
ality and concurrently fit into modern cosmopolitan
ism. These are the noiseless representatives of
our enduring civilization — the homes of unaffected
refinement, where sacred thoughts and sacred feelings
dwell in a congenial air, where artistic simplicity is
secluded from the complex vulgarities, where knowl
edge is peacefully absorbed and digested, where truth,
virtue and modesty combine their exquisite propor
tions, where chastity and tenderness are shielded
from coarse publicity and unconscious of ostentatious
rivalry and of sensational ambition. This is the so
ciety of which Washington Irving wrote, and which
is far from extinct, though amid the roar and whirl of
this clashing and noisy peroration of the century
rarely observed. The interviewers and reporters are
useful concomitants of the times, but there is a deep
still pervading life within our social fabric that re
sembles the silent forces of creation and of preserva
tion, and that yet nourishes our hereditary and ad
vancing Americanism.
IT is well to watch the development of the Cuban
issue. We hold the island now under military
government, which goes on with the usual friction
which forever attends upon the exercise of arbitrary
power.
The problem of the future from the Cuban side
impinges entirely upon General Maximo Gomez. He
is a San Domingan negro, a man of military spirit
and training, of high intelligence and the genius of
leadership. He succeeded to command upon the
death of Maceo, who was also a negro, and for the
last eighteen months his name has been more promi
nently before the world than that of any other Cuban
leader. That he is an adroit politician as well as a
brave and skillful commander is just now demon
strated. His feint of a return to his wife and his
plantation in San Domingo, followed by the dissolu
tion of the Cuban military assembly, and his apparent
recall to authority by the popular voice, are events
which he has controlled in spite of domestic opposi
tion among Cubans, and undoubtedly in the face of
opposition and discouragement offered by the mili
tary authorities and financial influences of the United
States.
He stands for Cuban independence in good faith to
the people of the island, and professes a belief in the
good faith of the United States. Therefore he treats
our military occupation as temporary and continues
his agitation for independence and self-government.
If we stand in good faith upon the pledge made in
our declaration of war against Spain the policy of
Gomez is also our policy.
But there are indications that influences in this
country are at work which have no regard for our
plighted faith and none for the freedom and self
government of the Cubans. Hence the statement,
published yesterday, that the political programme of
Gomez "means the keeping Up of agitation and dis
turbance in the minds of the people and the weaken
ing of American authority by producing the impres
sion that everything done by the Americans is tem
porary and may sooner or later be overturned."
Pray what other impression is possible as to our
presence in the island, if we abide by our solemn
declaration? The programme of Gomez should be
regarded as complimentary to the United States, in
asmuch as it is the simple statement that we told the
truth and will keep faith.
But, it is added to the above: "American observers
consider any such agitation as extremely harmful to
industrial revival and the restoration of Cuban credit.
Some who are high in authority and who have ex
ceptional opportunities of knowing the character and
ideas of Gomez thirik the United States will have
trouble with him yet. His attitude has always been
consistent regarding Cuban independence and he is
still working for the same end." If any American
will explain why we should not be working with him
to that end, instead of threatening him with trouble
if he persist, the country will be glad to know why.
The "American observers" who think the consistent
programme of Gomez is harmful to the industrial re
vival of the island certainly do not stand for the honor
of their own Government. They say to the Cubans:
"We came here on the declaration of our Congress
that you were and ought to be free and independent,
and that we would withdraw on your organization of
a stable government. But all agitation for the for
mation of such a government weakens our authority
here. We want industrial revival of your country for
our benefit, so please, Messrs. Cubans, go at work for
us on the plantations and raise for us sugar and to
bacco, very cheaply, and don't have anything to do
with politics." That is what it amounts to, and it
remains to be seen whether Cuban independence lost
all of its friends in this country when it ran counter
tc American desire for commercial profit.
A year ago the Cuban flag and the Stars and Stripes
were together in every window, and we all learned to
say "Cuba libre." Is it possible that all this was
merely to get Cuba to exchange King Log for King
Stork?
It was only a little .while ago that the Nicaraguans
were reported to be eager for the annexation of their
country to the United States, and now it appears we
have to send the Detroit to their seaports to make
them behave themselves. Such an extraordinary
revolution of sentiment in so short a time is a record
breaker even for Central America.
Murderer Moore, late of Nevada City, has suc
ceeded so far in eluding the manhunters, but all hope
has not been abandoned. The facile correspondents
have begun hurling adjectives at him. They are
shelling the brush in Nevada County with sesquipe
dalian qualifiers, any one of which is calculated to
bring down the game.
What can Mayor Phelan do to rehabilitate him
self with the Maguire men? He promised to be at
the Poodle Dog banquet, but, instead, was a pas
senger on the "owl" for San Diego. He will hardly
learn enough wisdom from that bird to fit the round
peg of explanation into the square hole of fact made
by his absence.
The proposed exchange of the Philippines for the
British West Indies is good for us, but it is doubtful
if the British will agree to swap a set of well do
mesticated tax-paying colonists for a set of Filipinos
they would have to hunt in the brush.
There is a scientific belief that the earth is flatten
ing at the poles. Ex-Governor Altgeld is willing to
swear that it was noticed" by him last Tuesday in
Chicago.
It is doubtless the opinion of Mr. Herrin that Mr.
Huntington talks too muclv
GOMEZ AND CUBA.
IRRIGATION
AND FORESTRY
COMMISSIONERS
Appointed in Spite of
the Vetoes. "
SIX "THANK YOU" OFFICIALS
WATER AND FOREST SOCIETY
GOES AHEAD.
Will Voluntarily Follow Laws Ve
toed by the Governor an- Makes
Prof. David6on Commis
sioner of Irrigation.
California has a Commissioner of Irri
gation and a Forestry Commission even
if Governor Gage did pocket the bills
passed by the last Legislature creating
these important offices.
The laws thus enacted and killed were
passed at the initiation and recommenda
tion of the California Water and Forest
Society, lately organized to deal with the
vast problem of the State's water re
sources and their conservation. Now the
Water and Forest Society has gone ahead
in the direction of carrying out the laws
practically as if they had been approved
and has appointed the officers contem
plated.
The Commissioner of Irrigation is Pro
! fessor George Davidson and the Forestry
Commission is composed of Professor E.
W. Hilgard of the University of Califor
nia, Professor Dudley of Stanford Uni
versity, Abbott Kinney of Los Angeles,
Warren Olney Sr. of San Francisco and
George Towle of Placer County.
The officers named are simply officers of
a voluntary society, but it is the idea
that they shall in a large measure fulfill
the functions of such State officers. This j
action was taken at a meeting of the
executive committee in the office of S< c
retary E. H. Benjamin day before yes
terday. The president,- United States Sur
veyor General J. M. Gl eaves; Secretary
Benjamin, E. A. Denicke, John P. Irish,
Elliott McAllister. Frank Soule, Julian
Sonntag, Craigie Sharp, Edward F. Adams ,
and others were present. It was the con- |
sensus of opinion that the society should
go ahead with the work contemplated in i
the beginning and strengthen itself with
members and money.
In effect the defeated legislation pro
vided for the appointment of the officials
named, to serve without pay; that the
Commissioner of Irrigation should co
operate witn the United States Geologi
cal Survey in preparing surveys, esti
mates, etc., for sites for storage reser
voirs for impounding waters for mining,
agricultural and industrial uses; that re
ports be made on the feasibility, etc., of
such reservoirs and irrigating systems,
and that the Forestry Commission should
devise means of protecting the forests of j
the State from destruction by rire or wan- I
ton depredations, and recommend moans
for preserving the forests and of storing i
and distributing the flood waters of the
State
Such Commisisoners could do little more
in two years than acquire information in
a field "that requires a vast amount of j
investigation and formulate recommenda
tions for further progress. This the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Society proposes
to do. Professor Davidson will give to
the work what time he can spare from
his work as professor of commerce at the
university, and others will devote much
study to the problems.
"The society recognizes the fact that
the question of the control of the waters
of the State Is the great one." said Pro- j
fessor Davidson yesterday. "How fur is
the State and how far is the Government ;
in control and to what extent does the
common law doctrine of riparian rights
interfere with the best disposition of the
waters of the streams and lakes? I sup
pose that I will be expected to co-operate
in finding what can be done toward con
trolling at leaet the flood waters. Infor
mation will be compiled. Investigations
made and the possibilities canvassed. The
first thing the society needs is money. One
thing will be early discovered. If we have
a good year it will bo hard to stir up in
terest- in irrigation and allied subjects.
Last year people were suddenly interest
ed in the water resources of the State
and the importance of the water prob
lem. In 1*73 the people wr-nt wild for ir
rigation. The next year there was plenty
of rain and irrigation was forgotten. That
has always been the- way with them."
It is expected that a great deal of in
formation will be compiled in a report
which will be laid before the next Legis
lature, with well considered proposals for
legislation. _______________
BACHELORS' COTILLON.
Closing Party of the Season at the
Maple Boom of the Palace.
The closing party of the Bachelors' Co
tillon Club took place last evening at the
Maple room. Palace Hotel. It was a very
brilliant affair. The elaborate decora
tions, together with the many beautiful
gowns and delightful music, made a
pleasing effect.
The cotillon consisted of two new and
original figures, designed by Al Dodge,
the loader of the club. They were led by
Wallace Alexander and Miss Adelaide
McColgan and Dr. E. W. Westphal an^
Miss Bessie Roden.
The following named ladies took part in
the cotillon: Mi*!- Maud duff, Miss Rose
Roth, Miss May Suioh, Miss Bessie Ro
den. Miss Stella Kortmann, Misses Lottie
and Florence Musto, Miss Louise Hepp
ner, Miss Elizabeth Day, Miss E. Prosek,
Miss Estelle Davis. Miss Adelaide Mc-
Colgan, Miss Hoelscher, Miss Dolly Fritz,
Mrs. Marshal Hale, Mrs. William Hoel
scher, Mrs. William Willis, Miss India
Scott. Mra. George D. Graham, Miss
Ethel Becht, Mrs. William Cluff, Mrs.
Edward G. Carrera. Miss Grace Sham,
Miss Jean Carter. Miss Fanny Field; Mrs.
Dr. Dohrmann, Miss Tessie Swift, Mrs.
George Habenicht. Miss Cora KsJsey,
Mrs. Frank Platt. Miss Lillian Schroeder,
Miss Dwyer, Miss Winifred McLaughlin,
Miss M. Plagemann, Miss Mabel Cluff,
Miss Mabel Phillips, Miss Coleman,
Misses Blanche and Grace Macpherson,
Miss Gertrude Benjamin, Miss E. Ba?s,
Miss Boston, Miss Elsie Gorham, Miss
Belle Lipp. Miss Grace Critcher and Mrs.
L. M. Dodge.
The gentlemen who took part in the
cotillon were: Al Dodge, George- A. Rigg.
Dr. E. W. Westphal. Dr. A. T. Derby.
Wallace Alexander, Clarence Musto, Ja
son Gould, Henry L. Day, W. B. Meck
fessel. Dr. Robert O'Connell, W. K.
Owens, D. A. McColgan, Thomas Ross,
Victor HoelPchcr,- H. P. Umbsen, Mar
shal Hale, William Hoelscher, Arthur
W. Spear, George D. Graham. S. W.
Clisby. William Cluff, Ed G. Carrera, Jo
seph M. Kelly, Victor E. Mathewa, Ar
thur Castelazo, Dr. William H. Dohr
mann, Charles- Hildebrecht. George Ha
benicht. A. S. Cunningham, John Mc-
Donald. Frank A. Vail. P. M. Stateler, J.
J. Dwyer. Wilh'am J. Leet. Fred Knight,
Henry Plagemann, W. L. Meusdorffer,
Gerald O'Brien, WiMinm Thompson
Randal Phillips, Gilbert G. Wigle. Dr. E.
A. Clay, Louis Steiger, Dr. W. Likens, T.
J. Bass, H. A. Whitney. R. 11. Turner.
William Marshall. Dr. E. Halstead, Dr.
Crandal of the United. States ship lowa.
Captain Carmany of the T'nited States
ship lowa. Clarence H. Weid. Walter
Cline, Oscar Gantner, Fred Gantner.
Frank H. Kerrigan, Archie Reid and
Thomas Dunn.
PBESENTS FROM HONOLULU.
Sheriff Martin Handsomely Remem
bered by J. P. Chadwick Now
' With the Volunteers in
Hawaii.
Sheriff Martin yesterday received from
Honolulu a present which he values very
highly. It is from his friend, J. P. Chad
wick of this city, who Is now sergeant of
Company L, Second United States Volun
teer Engineer Corps, now stationed at
Camp McKinley, near Honolulu. The
present consists of a neatly designed pa
per knife,, fashioned from a 40-penny wire
jiail. The Jml£a is ..highly, polished and is
appropriately inscribed. Accompanying
the knife is a gold-mounted watch charm
fashioned from a peculiar nut gTownln
the Hawaiian Islands. The charm bears
an appropriate inscription.
i■» ■ "
ITS SPRING EXHIBITION.
Pictures by Local Artists Adorn the
Century Club's Walls.
The spring art exhibition of the Century
Club is no-w open. The walls of the lower
rooms are hung with the best and latest
productions from local brushes, and the
rooms were thronged yesterday with a
crowd that bids fair to repeat itself to
day. Admission is by card only, but cards ;
are not hard to obtain if applied for in the
proper manner.
There are ninety-eight oils, forty-nine
water colors, a number of miniatures and
two pieces of work by Le Jeune, the I
sculptor. In the works in oil are repre
sented nearly every artist of note in the i
city. Mrs. Alice Chittenden has a few
flower studies and the portrait of a child
in red. Keith has several landscapes. A |
memory of the late Joe Strong is there
in an excellent portrait of William Greer
Harrison. J. W. Clawson has a portrait;
Cadenasso. Welch. Latimer, Butler. Yel
land, Robinson and Judson have land
scapes; Joiiilin hay his "Fire Maker,"
painted "to Mexico recently; Stanton has i
a marine and a few figure ami color ,
studies; Mrs. Fitch. Miss Woodward. Mrs.
Gamble, Miss Erem.er, Mrs. Edwards- :
Capwejl, Mrs. Gelwicks. Miss Withrow. |
Mrs. O'Sullivan. Mrs. Richardson, Miss
Callahan. Mrs. Menton. Mips Maher, Mrs.
Lee, Miss Harmon Miss Hir.kson. Miss
I Meussdorffer, Mrs. Hudson. Miss McChes
j ne>\ Miss Hunter, Miss Heynemann. Miss
Froelich. Miss Downing. Mrs. Beecher, |
Miss Hyde, Miss Clement. Miss Rixford, I
; Miss Barber, Miss Ross and Mrs. Acker- |
i man are all represented. Miss Clement I
i has a pastel of her mother that has ex- j
' cited considerable remark. Joseph |
i Greenebaum, Rogers, Currier. Hagerup. !
| Strauss, Breuer, Rose, Harry Fonda and j
| Stetson all have some of their work on the i
walls. L. Maynard Dickson has three of ;
i his characteristic Indian studies and Ras
! chen exhibits the head of an old man.
Among the water colors John Gamble
has two pretty little pieces. "April" and >
"March." Methfessel has a brilliant bit of
colob in "New Year's Day in Chinatown." ;
| Miss Cross and Miss Zirndars have flower
pieces; Mrs. Roundy a still life; Mrs. i
Moore, Latimer, Miss Vesaria. Yard, Mrs. i
Loosely, Miss Froelich. Mrs. Gihon, Mrs.
Menton. Mrs. Smitten, Yelland, Miss Har
mon and Miss Cashin have landscapes.
I Miss Lou Wall has a study of an old
woman that is much admired: Jorgensen '<
has several pieces; Miss Callahan, Mrs. !
Thompson, Mrs. Whelan, Mrs. Stow, Han- J
I sen, Clawson and Miss Letcher also have |
\ representation. Miss Prather. Oscar Ku- i
; nath. Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Roundy and Miss j
Eagerly have miniatures.
The exhibition will remain open to-day
> and to-night. There are several pictures
in the collection that have already been
i sold.
MINERS WANT MORE ROOM.
Prospects of the Paris Exposition
Worry the Association.
At a recent meeting of the executive |
committee of the California Miners' As- j
sociation the members found themselves |
quite at sea concerning a California min
ing exhibit at the Paris Exposition.
It is understood that $25,000 of the $130,000 !
appropriated for a California exhibit
shall be devoted to mining, but the min
.ers find that sum is too small and the
space to be allowed for the exhibit prom- |
ises to be lamentably inadequate.
During the meeting J. F. Halloran, pro
prietor of t*he Mining and Scientific Press,
urged that something ' decisive be done
and that the best possible advertisement
of California's mineral resources be made.
Mr. Halloran said that only 8000 square
feet was allowed for the entire mineral
exhibit of the I'nited States and that on
that basis California's space for its min
ing display would be about 8x35 feet.
Many thought that unless an adequate
display could be made it would be better
not. .to make any at all.
As definite information was not at hand
and as the Governor has not named the i
Commissioners, no definite action was i
taken. Much interest was displayed in I
the coming meeting here next fall "of the j
Institute of American Mining Engineers, j
ami President Neff was directed to ap»- j
point an executive committee to take j
charge of arrangements and a reception '
committee. The committees will be j
named soon.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
John Colden, a mining man of Anaheim,
is at the Russ.
Ex-Superior Judge T. TV. Healy of Car
son City, New, is registered at the Russ.
I'lysses S. Grant Jr. came up from San
Diego yesterday and registered at the
Palace.
A. Thorne. an extensive leather manu
facturer of Melbourne, is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
Dr. J. G. Marvin of Blue Lakes. R. B.
Butler, a Fresno fruit-grower, and Joseph
Biddel, a Hanford banker, are regis
tered at the Grand.
Jeffry Dennis, a prominent business
man of Sydney, Australia, arrived at the
California yesterday on his way to Lon
don for a protracted visit.
O. J. Woodward, a Fresno banker, who
is about to take a European trip, and
E. O. Miller, a capitalist of Visalia, are
among the arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. W. J. Miller, a prominent veterinary
surgeon of Sydney, is registered at the
California. He has come to the United
States to study the modern improvements
in his particular profession.
Harry Gorham. the mining superinten
dent, who has been seriously ill at tho
Grand, was removed to the nospital in an
ambulance yesterday afternoon. The doc
tors find it necessary to perform an oper
ation on Mr. Gorham in order to save his
life.
R. X. Cameron, who is interested in the
shipping business in New York; H. L.
Kirkman, representative of a carriage
manufactory of Watertown. N. V.. and A.
S. Boyd and wife, of London, England, ar
rived from the colonies on the Mariposa
yesterday on their way home, and are
guests at the Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 7.— Herman Frankey
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman
House; H. B. Montague and wife, of San
Francisco, are at the Manhattan.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
EASTER BUNI>AT, 1844-K. ML, City
Easter Sunday, 1544, fell on the 27th of
March.
A HALF OF FIFTY-EIGHT-A. ML,
City. There is no premium on a half
dollar of 1858. Such can be purchased for
<o cents irom dealers.
FIVE DOLLAR PIECES.-L. M.. City.
There is no premium offered on $5 pieces
coined after 1834. A fifty-cent piece of
18i5 has no extra value.
AN ENGLISH BOOK— Reader, City.
The English publication, "The Heirs at
Law and Next of Kin," may be procured
through any first-class bookseller.
SOUSA— H. H., City. John Phillip
Sousa, the band leader and composer,
was born In Washington. D. C. in ÜBt
His father was a Spaniard and his moth
er German. ______
THE PARIS EXPOSITION-A. O. S.,
City. The date fixed for the opening of
the Paris Exposition of 1900 is April 15
of that year. The sth of November fol
lowing has been fixed upon as the clos
ing day.
MARTIN O'NEIL'S CRIME-J. N..
City. Martin O'Neil, now in the peniten
tiary of California for homicide, -killed a
woman in the Grizzly Bear saloon at 11
East street, San Francisco, on the 2Sth of
July, 1893.
THE DEAL— Subscriber. Ukiah, Cal.
In your letter of inquiry you do not name
any particular game of cards, and for
that reason it is Impossible to determine
what kind of a deal you want to know
about. In whist, euchre and poker th» I
deal is from right to left.
HOWLS MAY BE
EXPECTED FROM
STOCKTONIANS
Favor to Be Shown
Port Costa.
CHANGES IN GRAIN RATES
WILL TEND TO SIDETRACK THE
SLOUGH CITY.
i . < • •
Proposition Is Now Under Consider
ation by tne Members of th«
State Railroad Com
mission.
When the Railroad Commission com
pletes the reduced grain rate schedule on
which it is now at work, it will show
rates to Port Costa from points in the
San Joaquin Valley that will cause a
howl to go up from the people of Stock
ton. These figures will show a difference
of 30 cents in favor of Stockton, instead
of 50, as is now the case. The result of
such a reduction in favor of Port Costa
will greatly tend to send wheat for stor
age and shipment to that port instead
of to Stockton.
It is known that the proposed reduc
tion to Port Costa is inspired by the men
interested in the warehouses at Port
Costa, their sole object being to secure
more business by thus depriving Stock
ton of considerable of what now goe3
there.
It is expected that before the new
schedule is ready for submission, the liti
gation between the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the Railroad Commission will
have been compromised, and the '*'*?'
cleared for any reductions that the South
ern Pacific may consent to.
This matter of a differential rate be
tween Stockton and Port Costa has been
the subject of contention for some years,
and the Southern Pacific has always here
tofore claimed that no change could be
made In it without direct loss to the com
pany. When inquiry was made at the or
flces of the frieght department of the
railroad as to what action would likely
be taken in regard to the proposed re
duction of the rate to Port Costa, it wa9
stated that no good reason was known
for making such a reduction. The opin
ion was further expressed that the move
ment was evidently due to the efforts of
the Port Costa people, who hoped to
profit by its success. It was claimed that
the difference in the rates to Port Costa
and Stockton respectively should really
be greater than 5o cents a ton, but that
the rate to Port Costa had to be kept
to that differential, because the cost of
transportation by water from Stockton to
Port Costa was only 50 cents a ton.
Another reduction that will be asked
for will be in the rate on grain from
Livermore to San Francisco. This is now
$1 80 a ton. A reduction to $1 50 will ba
asked.
GERMS THAT ESCAPE.
Surveyor ".pear Will Hold the Fed
eral Quarantine Officer Respon
sible for Negligence.
For some time past Customs Inspectors
have been complaining to Customs Sur
veyor Spear that incoming steamers have
been allowed by the Federal Quarantine
Officer to pass outside the boundaries of
the quarantine district before the Quar
antine Officer has fulrilled his duty and
given a clean bill of health. Owing to the
apparent neglect of duty on the part of
the medical arm of the Federal service
the Customs Inspectors complain that
they are obstructed in the discharge of
their duties.
In order to effect a reform of the abuse
Surveyor Spear yesterday addressed a
letter to the Quarantine Officer to <.ne
effect that when a vessel passes the quar
antine district, which is west of a line
drawn from the end of Powell street
wharf to the middle of Alcatraz Island,
the Customs Inspectors will assume that
the vessel has been inspected and given
free pratique and will forthwith board
her and perform their duty in spite of
smallpox, yellow fever or other germs.
Elsie Williams' Case.
An order was made by Judge Cook yes.
terday, admitting Elsie "Williams, under
conviction for having extorted money
from Captain W. E. NevilU, to bail, the
amount being fixed at 117,500. Drs. Reth
ers and Lustig testified that they had ex
amined Mrs. Williams and found her
health to be very poor, the condition be
ing superinduced by confinement. Mrs.
Williams is at present anxiously await
ing the efforts of her counsel to find
bondsmen.
Judgment Against Hart.
Superior Judge Hunt yesterday gave
judgment in favor of A. S. Baldwin and
against W. H. H. Hart for the sum of
$12,456 and interest frum June 8, 1898. The
judgment is on two promissory notes —
one for $9500, executed June 9. i«9S; the
other for $2600, executed January 23, 1896,
including interest up to the day prior to
the falling due of the big note, on which
day demand for their payment was made.
Peanut taffy .best in world. Townsend's.*
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cal.
Glace Fruits.. oOc lb.. in fire etched boxes
01; Jap baskets. fi27 Market street. •
Special information supplied Oaily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
When Taken.
Addie — I should never have recognized
this other photo of you, dear. It looks
so careworn and old.
Mabel— Yes, that was taken when papa
wouldn't buy me the Duke of Santiago.—
Harlem Life.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3Vi days to Chicago. 4*4
days to Xew York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket street.
Travelers should know that Dr. Slegert's An
gostura Bitters neutralizes impurities in water
and corrects stomach troubles.
"Yes, she* made a telling impression on
the jury the first thing, and they couldn't
doubt her word after that."
"How did she do it?"
"Told how old she was, right out."—
Philadelphia Bulletin.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
. gg_U. BAKINQ POWDeS CO., NEW VCWX,COLORED "DOUGHBOYS"
RULE AT THE PRESIDIO
rst Negro Troops to Come West Arrive From Fort Douglas.
Heroes the Fight at Santiago*
Tl ■ ct of affairs at the Pre
■ • ■ •i • least, dark. It
continue so until Colonel
■ gets back from Honolulu
the helm. Four com?
irth Colored
y morning
and their
man, ranks
■ at the post and
take mmand.
rrlved are E,
npany H •-■
rtly after its ar
ORDERS ARRIVE
BY THE MILLION
FOR GRAIN BAGS
Enormous Crops Will
Be Harvested.
THE DRY BELT IN THE LEAD
PULSE OF THE MARKET FELT AT
SAN QUENTIN.
Over 3,500,000 Bags Sold and Or
ders for June and July Booked
Contingent on Manu
facture.
The number of gTain bags Eold annu
to the farmers of the State at San
prior to the harvesting
.^failing indication of the
More than that, the
"Wan. ,ii even inform the
' tions are
heaviest crops. During the
the orders* from farmers
have U-en tremendous, and it is predicted
lantity of grain bar
greater than that o:
tion will come from
a region where
to be a total failure
: ainfall.
The reason why these predictions can
be made earlier this year than ordinarily
is largely owing to the warning given the
farmers by The Call that the Board or
Slate Prison Directors had found it neces
sary to call a special meeting and rescind
a former order permitting bags to be sold
in any quantity, and even to cancel sev
eral large orders, in order to circumvent
a suspected scheme on the part of specu
latois to corner the output of bags pro
ducfd at the San Quentin jute mill and
thereby "cinch" the rural fraternity out
of most of the profits of an excellent year.
Within ten days after the facts in this
connection were published 1,500,000 bags
were sold in lots varying from 200 to 50uu.
In one day orders came in for over 170,000.
Every bag on hand, over 3,500,000, has now
been disposed of and orders are being
booked for June and July sales contin
gent on their manufacture.
The vast majority of these orders have
come from the San Joaquln Valley, from
Kern, Tuli Kings. Fresno and Merced
counties— the dry belt, where before the
!at<i rains the outlook was perfectly hope
less. The enormity of the crop can be
best estimated when the fact is borne in
mind that in no case have more than 50 0
bags be-on sold at any one time, and from
the smaller farmers orders have been in
the hundreds.
Town Talk.
The favorit. weekly is replete with to
ting matter this week. A hitherto
unpul the Fairs' history is
with comment upon
. i -Vanderbilt
carriage. WillardVßatchelder and Alfred
Metzger discuss mus!< a! topics and Mary
Francis describe len Link.-. Mrs.
lohn Pettee. Eleanor Glusti, Lardinois,
: ;jU'.-r and Broderick are pictured. 1
apital jokc-s. Btories and verses, and
the various departmi all full of
eating matter. The World of Law
:ontains matter not only readable to the
awyert, but to the world ut large
dub and political chat make up an
taining isi *
■ ♦ » —
Fine Fish for Invalids.
Thf> inmates of the French Hosnlf
those who arc able to partal
lubstantial food, will dine on striped bass
hundred poum
:hese fish were sent to the hospital
resterday by the Fish. Commissioners.
rival was put aboard the McDowell
and taken to the island. The. other
three are to augment the garrison at
the Presidio.
The unbleached "doughboys" of the
•y-fourth are sent out to the
coast as a reward of merit. When the
fighting was on down In Cuba there
were no braver soldiers there of any
color than they, and they won more
glory than they could carry home in
the fight that brought about Toral's
surrender. Colonel. Freeman is proud
of his command, and says he has had
Early in the morning Deputy Commiß
the track
■ lota of undersized flsh that were
coming, consigned to Paladini and to Mi-
He made a seizure of i>mh lots
am! found that the Information was cof
tnd that nearly all of the fl?h were
Of the size that the law sf>ts forth shall
• •■] from the fishermen's i
Some time ago large quantities of un
dersiz - amounting to near
. ids, w< re ( • • n ri^ ■ ated by the
ers .md distributed among vari
public institution* and the fishermen
it unprofitable to violate the law.
■hiys seizure will likely have the
effect of checking the business for a time
at least.
ISAAC W. JONES' DEATH.
Preliminary Examination of Jules C.
Gamage on the Charge of Man
slaughter Commenced.
The preliminary examination of Jules
C. Gamaiee on the charge of manslaugh
ter in causing the death of the old loi
ticket seller. Isaac W. Jonf-s. was com
menced before Judge Graham yesterday,
ige was defended by Attorney Rior
dan. -
The witnesses examiner! were those who
fled at the Coroner's Inquest and
nothing new was elicited. They were w.
B Jennings, Dr. Weil, l>r. Henry I'.-ink
roger A. \Y Brown. O. K. McMurray
and Mrs. C. R. Delignes. McMurraj
tifk-d that Gamage was driving at a speed
of about ten miles an hour. Mrs. Dp
with whom the old peddlerroomed,
■ d that his eyesight was V>ad and
on< c before he was run over. George G.
(iauld. a broker, was culled as a witness
for t: and testified that the old
m;m's eyesight was bad.
The furthr-r hearing in the case was
continued till next Wednesday.
GAS BILLS ARE LAID
OVER FOR A WEEK
FINANCE COMMITTEE FAILS TO
PASS UPON THEM.
Collins and Attridge Decline to Ac
cept the New Bate at Adopted
by the Board.
The action or rather lack of action of
the Finance Committee of the Supervi
sors on the municipal gas bills yesterday
could not have been the cause of the new
slump in the price of gas stock. But not
withstanding the price broke from %IZ\.
the closing price on Thursday, the high
est price for yesterday being $73.
Finance Committee met during the
aftfrnoon. Chairman Perrault and Messrs.
Collins and Attridge being present. The
chairman asked what was to be done with
the bills for lighting the streets and pub
lic buildings for December, January and
February, and the question arose as to
whether the new order reducing the price
of gas to $1 10 had gone into effect yet.
An effort was made to get Clerk Russell
to express an opinion on the matter, but
that gentleman declined to commit him
self. He said the board had finally passed
the order and it remained for the Finance
< 'otiimittee to decide whether it should
audit the bills. "
The bills were then produced by Collins,
who said he would not audit them, as he
• led the reduction from the old to the
rate as unreasonable and unfair. The
bills for the three months for electric
lights in public buildings as originally
presented amounted to $4345 30, but they
had been reduced to $32^8 96. The gas
bills for the same purposes originally
footed up $9098 40, but when the expert
applied the new rate they showed
M 672 16. The bills for street lighting by
electricity wore reduced from $10,1*9 50 to
$8243 13, while the gas bills for the same
• were reduced from $15.301 6G to
ill "21 22 The total amount was $39,
--724 86 while the reductions give a total
of 129,295 47, a saving to the city for three
months of $10,329 39.
Perrault took the bills, saying it was not
a question of fairness, but whether the
committee was to accept the new rate.
Ilf thought the proper way would be to
audit the bills, and if the company was
not satisfied it could bring suit for the
difference.
The chairman then signed the bills and
handed them to Attridge. who fingered
them gingerly for a moment and then
laid th(-m aside without attaching his
name to th^m.
After some further discussion Collins
suggested that the bills be laid over for a
week, and as Attridge thought that was
the best course to pursue It was so or
dered-
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
never a day's trouble with them since
he took them out.
After the hard fighting before San
tiago was finished and" the long wait
in the hot. disease-breeding trenches
ensued the Twenty-fourth suffered
more severely than any other regi
ment from "yellow jack" and its kin
dred maladies, and though their men
were dying off by the dozen they stuck
It out without complaint. They won the
favor of the department by their hero
ism, and when they were sent back
home they were ordered into the
Rockies to recuperate. Now they have
been forwarded here to brace up un
der the life-giving salt breezes of the
Golden Gate, and San Francisco will
have an opportunity to see how it likes
its first colored regiment.
The detachment which arrived yes
terday was accompanied by head
quarters officers and the band. The
band is composed of colored musi
cians, has a national reputation and
will doubtless prove a valuable acqui
sition to the social as well as the busi
ness life of the post.
Th* 5 officer? with the detachment are:
Colonel Freeman. First Lieutenant
Joseph E. I.eeeh. regimental adjutant;
First Lieutenant Albert Laws, quar
termaster; Captain Brett, command
ing Company I ; < 'aptain G. W. Ruthers,
Company E; Captain H. W. Hovey,
Company L; Captain Ammon August,
Company H.
SHE IS LAID AT REST.
Funeral of Lillian Post, the Actress,
at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
The funeral of Lillian Post, the comic
opera singer, who died in Agnews Asy
lum last Tuesday, was held yesterday af
ternoon from Craig's undertaking par
lors to Laurel Hill Cemetery. A large
number of the friends of the popular
songstress were present.
The pallbearers were J. F. Bennett
William T. Harvey. George Blair, A.
Trueworthy, J. F. Blake a«d TV. N. Bat
tersby. Rev. J. Worcester officiated at
the parlors and at the grave and the Tiv
oll quartet sang "Nearer. My God, to
Thee" and other appropriate hymns with
rare feeling and expression.
Injured in a Collision.
Mrs. Helen M"oss filed suit yesterday
against the Sutro Railway Company to
er (10,000 damages for personal in
juries claimed to have been sustained by
h'-r in a collision between two of del
ant'f cars, which occurred at Richmond
and Commonwealth avenues April 9, 1597
Bostonian Party.
ThP two MaoPonal'ip and Henry Clay Barna
bff> were in a jolly party at the Zinkand last
week after the opera. •
Laura Corfleld's Diamonds.
Laura Corfield filed suit yesterday
against I. M. Bedell and T. S. Spaulding
to recover possession of diamonds val
ued at $1200. which the plaintiff alleges
she was unlawfully deprived of Septem
ber 11, 1898. In addition to possession of
the diamonds, damages in the sum of $500
Is also asked for their detention. 
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ills of women conspire against domestic harmony. *
Some derangement of the generative organs is
the main cause of most of the unhappiness in the
household.
. The husband can't understand these troubles. The male
. — . : . physician only knows of them theoreti-
MMWjf%MJB M &47^<£^ ■ cally and scientifically, and finds it hard
WOMAN S to cure them.
B&sS*ftteßfi3 MJkBl ut t^ ere is cure or them, certain,
r*£€#C#£-#/l#l practical and
am n cm sympathetic. $Mm£S^^^^^MsMi
ILLS . Mrs. P PinkhamS9BHßnmH|
— 1 has been curing $$p|§gv'
these serious ills of women for a 51^^-?^]^^^^^^^
quarter of a century. Failure topfeg& *-*' '^^^P^WM
secure proper advice should not W jMsfe& >~ v^^?^^|Mii
excuse the women of to-day", for / ,oj^^^
the wisest counsel can be had /^X^Or*^ 1 i '3?l
without charge. Write to Mrs. [IIN/iV'fvv */!
' Pinkham for it. Her address -J^jß ' feSt^^^^§^V^/«
Among the multitude of wo- "^Hl?#|^ Pwll'ViVi /l^^^v**
men helped by Mrs. Pinkham -^ftlflTO^\ll]|.lF7 \LM^^&
and by. Lydia E. Pinkham's -l^p^pi^Su j/lj/W^-^'M
■ Vegetable Compound, is Mrs. Joseph (BS^|^tfpBß'T B
King, Sabina, Ohio. She writes: r^^\*2vl ' Psi
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham — Will you ' I jajiv' \V \-iJ§p.
kindly allow me the pleasure of ex- ?|*j& \ fe§|sj,!
pressing my gratitude for the wonder- '$M i\WM
ful relief I have experienced by taking wßm .' ( A iff
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- |||i iA/i)V»
pound. I suffered for a long time I S^j 6^ \
with falling of the womb, and those I ssj|| 1 \
terrible * bearing-down pains, and it ||| 3
seemed as though my back would never WeS" '.
stop aching; also had leucorrhcea, dull I j
headaches, could not sleep, was weak '&& \
and life was a burden to me. I doctored j§» >
for several years, but it did no good, is I
My husband wanted me to try your 111 8
medicine, and I am so thankful that I 7 • 8
did. I have taken four bottles of the I ]
Compound and a box of Liver Pills, and /
can state that if more ladies would only give your medicine a
fair trial they would bless the day they saw your advertise-
ment. My heart is full of gratitude to Mrs. Pinkham for what
her medicine has done for me. It is worth its weight in gold/ -
A JURY SAYS
"NELL SHEEHAN"
WAS INSANE
Mystery of Her Suicide
Cleared Up.
WAS "BILLY" ISAACS' WIFE
CORONER HILL HOLDS A WEAK
KNEED INQUEST.
i
The Woman Was Married, Abused
and Deserted Within a Month
and a Half and Her
Reason Failed.
A Coroner's jury yesterday came to
the conclusion that little Nellie Sheehan,
who took carbolic acid Thursday night,
committed suicide while "temporarily in
sane. The deduction was based upon the
evidence of her brother, J. D. Sheehan,
and W. C. Isaacs, known familiarly as
"Billy" Isaacs, who in the course of his
testimony admitted he had married the
girl in Oakland on February 28. When
asked upon what he based his assump
tion that his wife was insane, he coolly
answered that it was because after he
had accomplifpied her ruin she had in
sisted daily that he should make amends
so far as he might by marrying her, and
that he had finally done so. When he
first met Nellie Sheehan he was living
with a woman whom he had introduced
to all hjs acquaintances as his Wife,
Borne three months ago she brought a
baby to him and since that time he has
cast her out to get a living as she might.
He neglected her for the Sheehan woman,
and remained with his new love until her
repeated requests that he marry her .an
gered him. A threat of exposure and sui
cide and numerous other like potent sug
gestions finally brought him to time.
It is said that he ill-treated her from
that time. The evidence her brother gave
yesterday proved that even in her Dest
moments she was melancholy and the
cruel desertion of Isaacs worked upon her
until she was brought up to the point
where self-destruction seemed the only
relief from- thf life she was leading.
i.-aacs did not dwell upon his treatment
of the woman in the tpstimonv he gave
yesterday. He simply vouchsafed a Dare
outline of the girl's story and with that
Coroner Hill seemed Hatisrted. In fact,
the Coronor'P investigation of the case
was not marked by thoroughness. For
snnif reason nicely concealed somewhere
about Mr. Hill's well-rounded person the
inquest was secret. The newspaper peo
ple were barred out, but the reason for it
was plainly evident in the fact that
Isaacs and the girl'S brother were the
only witnesses, besides Dr. Shields, who
were examined. Shields denied that he
knew anything of the girl or her sjtory
and he was plied with no further ques
tions.
The jury rendered a verdict of "suicide
by carbolic acid while temporarily in
sane."
SAMOAN REVOLT.
General R. H. Conliffe, Who Wit
nessed the Fight, Is Here.
General R. H. Cobliffe of the British
army, who was retired in ISM, after see-
Ing service in Madras for fourteen years,
arrived on the si earner Mariposa from
Apia yesterday and registered at the
Grand.
Genfral Onnliff> was present at the
hombarrlm^nt of the suburbs of Apia in
the effort made to dislodge Mataafa's fol
lowers.
"I was simply an onlooker," said Gen
eral Conliffe, "and took no part in the
putting down of the outbreak. When I
left Samoa, Mataafa's men appeared to
be quieted, but the British and American
soldiers were on the alert for the least
sign of another uprising, which is re
garded as highly probable. I believe the
war vessels Philadclp...a. Royalist. Por
poise and Taurango will be able to cope
with the difficulty, for they are com
manded by splendid officers and manned
by fine marines.
"There is no doubt that the proclama
tion issued by the German Consul caused
the natives to revolt, and I cannot, un
derstand why h* took up the cause of
Mataafa sin^e thp Berlin treaty expressly
excludes Mataafa from assuming kingly
honors. Admiral Kautz carried out the
decrees nf that treaty and sustained th.>
Chief Justice who proclaimed Malletoa
Taiui King of Samoa, and in this he was
backed up by the British authorities."
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency wore tiled In the
T'nitfd States District Court yesterday as
follows:
Frrri Bauer of San Francisco, liabilities
$1924. assots none; Edward B. Durfee of
Sacramento, a painter, liabilities $1209 11.
assets nominal; Herman H. Tariel of Sac
ramento, a cabinet, maker, liabilities
J3OSR 31, assets $3000. mostly nominal.
r T'HE pleasant method and beneficial effects of the well-known remedy, Syrup of Figs, manufactured
■*• by the California Fig Syrup Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the liquid laxative principles
of plants known to be medicinally laxative and presenting them in the form most refreshing to the taste,
and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening laxative,
CLEANSING THE SYSTEM EFFECTUALLY, DISPELLING
COLDS AND HEADACHES, PREVENTING FEVERS,
OVERCOMING HABITUAL CONSTIPATION PERMANENTLY.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and substance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, make it the ideal laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they are pleasant to the taste, but
THE MEDICINAL QUALITIES ARE OBTAINED FROM SENNA AND OTHER AROMATIC PLANTS,
by a method known to the California Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial effects, and
to avoid imitations, please remember the full name of the Company printed on the front of every package.
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce purchase at about the same price that others
pay for cheap and worthless imitations. To come into universal demand and to be everywhere considered
\he best of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of the best informed
purchasers. The California Fig Syrup Company having met with the highest success in the manufacture
and sale of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has become important to all to have a
knowledge of the Company and its product. The California Fig Syrup Company was organized more than
fifteen years ago, for the special purpose of manufacturing and selling a laxative remedy which would be
more pleasant to the taste and more beneficial in effect than- any other known. The great value of the
remedy, as a medicinal agent and of the Company's efforts, is attested by the sale of millions of bottles
annually, and by the high approval of most eminent physicians. As the true and genuine remedy named
Syrup of Figs is manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact
will assist in avoiding the worthless imitations "manufactured by other parties.
4 SV ,uue.*<- e^c^q leievoßK.**-
' For 6ale by All Druggist's , Price 50$ Per Bottle.
I Beautiful Half-Tone
| Pictures of the Easter
i Service Decorations in
| St. Mary's Cathedral
I and
f Trinity Church
1 in
f To-Day's News Letter.
% i& «$& rf+ +1+ tf+ tf* isi 4&
000000000000000000
% T /? E PALACE **?%
•GRAND HO ZT^%
_ SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway.
® 1400 Hoorrr— 9oo v. h 3ath ached. O
O .'All Under One ilanagement. O
0 NOTE TEE 7RICEB: O
0 EuropeanPlan.Sl.OO per <"ay and upward O
p. American Plan. ijlS.OO per day and upward _
•* Correspondence Solicited. W
0 JOHN 0. KIEIPATUICS. H&c»ger. O
000000000000000900
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative.
Invigprator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUME, Agents,
322 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
"dkmcnultyT
riMI IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Special Ist cures Private, Nervous, anil Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on I'rtvute J)isp;i.se» and
Weaknesses of Mcc free. Over 20 y'n' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3daliy;6.<JOtoB::JO pv'gs. Suuiiara, !otol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull,oraddreB3
P. ROSCOK MeWUJLTY., M. D.
25!j H.«>arny tat., San Francisco. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 2Sc; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
■Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m. 12:10,
t and 4 p. m. Returning, leave £1 Campo at
11:15 a. m.« X, 2 and sp. m. .. ■ -
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Saturday). April S.
Parquot, any seat, 2oc; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
TWO GREAT HITS!
MARSHALL P. WILDER,
World's Greatest Monologuist,
KARA, ''THeTgREAT,"
World's Greatest Juggler.
JOSEPHINK GASSMAN and her Pickanin-
nies.
HENGLER SISTERS. Parisian Danseuaes.
POLK & KOLLINS. THE MATWEEFS,
MANNING ,fc WESTON. PANTZER BROS.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessees
IMMENSE SUCCESS OF THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"THE BLACK HUSSAR"
The Greatest Singing Chorus in America.
Largest Orchestra in the City. An Ensemble
Never to Be Forgotten.
A $2 Production at These Popular Prices:
Orchestra Chairs ...50c, 73c and $1
Drejsß Circle (Reserved) sic
Family Circle 25c
Gallery 15c
SPECIAL MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON
for Ladles and Children.
Pri^o?— l.~c, 25c, sflc, 75c. Nothing Higher.
Monday Next, Another Big Production— "THE
QUEEN : S LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
its Now Soiling.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. .Proprietor & Manager
MATINEE TOIUY AT 2 P. M.
-THIS EVENING AT S.—
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG Ai*D OLD.
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA.
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS.
MIRTH and MAGIC-FUN and FROLIC.
MERRY DANCERS
BEE THE CRYBTAL &TAIRCABB.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICES, 25c and 50c.
Our Telephone Bu.sh U.
BASEBALL^
OAKLAND
SAN JOSE
To-Day at 3 P. M.
Sunday at 2:15 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
J, Ei&htb and Harrison 6treets,
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCE.
BOSTONIANS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT!
LAST 2 TIMES. \
The SERENADE
NEXT WEEK.—
The ever popular ;
ROBIN HOOD.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY LAST TIMES OF
THE
CHARITY
BALL.
NEXT WEEK-
R.ola.n.ci Reed's
Farcical Success,
HXJI^BTJO-.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, April S and ».
ALL RECORDS BROKEN.
OPEN AND EXTRA STAKES
112 NOMINATIONS.
$952.50-PRiZE MONEY-$952.50
TRAIN SERVICE.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
Saturday. 12.."." p. m. : Sunday, II a. m.. 12 m.
and 1 p. m.. Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets
five minutes later. Returning from park im-
mediately after last course. Extra train from
park on Sunday at 4:43 p. m. San Mateo elec-
tric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
GLEN PARK!
TO-MORROW— SUNDAY.
All San Mateo electric cars run direct to park
entrance.
HIGH-CLASS
VAUDEVILLE BILL
COMEDY SKETCHES. GYMNASTICS,
MUSICAL NUMBERS, t tc.
TivoLi concert
I HEATER In Q fi | Oft *: ftno
ORCHESTRA Selections.
Admission 10c— Take Valencia, Mission or
Butter street cars and transfer to San Mateo
electric line. • . . • •
Glen Park open week days from 10 a. m.
Admission week days, 6c.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Exoh.tnjje lower.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull and Barley lower.
Oats. Corn and Rje unchanged.
Hay plentiful and woak.
Rolled Barley declining.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as before.
Some changes in Rice.
Potatoes; weak and Onions lower.
Butter and Eggs .^.changed.
Poultry firm and Game weak.
Better assortment of Vegetables.
Apples doing better.
Other Fruits about the same.
No change in Meats.
Increased movement of Quicksilver.
Sugar firm at the advance.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
port! of Quicksilver from this port by pea
In Mar,-h were 379 flasks, against 756 in March.
.:.(1 fur the firM threo months of the year
tasks. vaJued at J135.123. against 1507 flasks
at $53.77r> in 1898. The receipts for the three
: ■ 5974 fl isks, against 5706.
VALUE OF FOREIGN COINS.
The Treasury Department has fixed the gold
of foreign silver <'"tns for the purpose
.raising values of foreign imports for the
quarter ending June 30 as follows: Mexican
dollar. 47 . inese yen, 49. S cents; In
d;.in rupee. 20.6 cents; Chinese tael, 64.9 cents.
to 71.4 .-ems according to port: Central Ameri
can peso, 43.4 c.-nts. the same as the Colombia
m sol the Ecuador gucre and the
viano; Chile peso, ;<6.5 cents. Ger
man mark, 23 8 cents; FVench, Belgium and
Switzerland franc, the Venezuela bolivar, the
Finland mark, the Italian lira and the Spanish
; . 19.8 cent:-.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, April 7. 5 p. i«.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat-., as compared with those of same date last
season, and raicfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 11.07 30.90
K»d Bluff 0.00 18.J9 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8 >>"
Pan Francisco 0.00 15. 3S 7.75
Fresno 0.00 6.62 • 4.16
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.00 14. 6.06
Las Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.28
San Diego 0.00 4.54 " 4. 1S
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
T^; minimum, 54; mean, 66.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The -weather is generally clear over the Pa
cific sloi c this evening.
The pleasure continues to fall over the coun
try west of the- Rocky Mountains and rise to
the ea^t or them.
The temperature has risen in all districts ex
cept in the Sacramento Valley, where there was
a slicht fall. The maximum temperatures
throughout the interior of California exceeded
SO degrees.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 8. lSf<9:
Northern California— Fair, continued warm
Saturday: light variable winds.
Southern California— Fair, continued warm
Saturday: light west wind.
Nevada — Fair, continued warm Saturday.
Utah— Fair, warmer Saturday.
Arizona— Fair, continued warm Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, continued
Whin. Saturday: light variable winds.
O. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April — To-day's sensational
etoek market was remarkable for great declines j
that took place in practically all the special
ties. Losses of importance remained at the end
of the day, although the closing was strong. ;
The potential influence behind to-day's plunge !
In trices • .is the money market, where dis- j
crimination was exercised against the Indus- i
trial securities. The inability of some large j
firms to renew loans on these shares as collat- ]
eral ma it necessary ..... stocks at the j
best prices obtainable. Call rates for money
ranged from 5 to 15 per cent, but left off at the j
lower figure. The forced sales by many com- I
mission houses lent renewed courage to the
Vars, who constantly found new spots of weak- j
iess. A number of money lenders on the floor !
>' the Exchange refuEed to pay any attention i
lo the bid* made by some brokers who were
known to be trading heavily in the industrials.
The calling in of some loans also helped to |
arouse alarm and induced general selling.
The weakness of many standard stocks and >
X>nds was due to no other cause ascertainable j
.•xcept the selling of them by weak holders to
protect securities of less certain value or secure
fund? to buy the shares which had been most '
depressed in hope of profit on the rebound.
London, which of late has been an unimportant
factor in the dealings, bought upward of 50,
--000 shares on the decline here. While the so- i
called bull leaders appeared apathetic on the
downward rush of quotations, heavy scale buy- j
Ing appeared, carrying with it the conviction ]
that the buyers did not believe the violence of |
the bear movement could last. The support i
gradually checked the fierce untaught on
prices and recoveries ensued. Much thought j
wo? given to the probable aspect of to-mor- i
row's bank statement. The rally was found In i
the offering of several million dollars in the!
loan crowd • v an interest lately very prominent j
among the bull leaders. When prices were not !
far from the lowest a number of commission
houses freely advised purchases where the I
buyer could take the securities outright or on |
very substantial margins. Buying of this
character had much to do with checking the
rush to sell. Many interests which had been j
out of the street for a long time thought the
time opportune to repurchase, as It appeared
to be one of the bargain days which developed
at various times of recent years.
This buying gave a considerable momentum
to the afternoon rally, which embraced every- ;
thing on the list and assisted in reducing, the j
net losses to very small proportion in some t
cases and in establishing Blight advances in
others. An idea of the wide movements which
occurred is given by the fact that although
Brooklyn Transit broke V,' . the net loss on ,
the day was only o\. Metropolitan lost ]£ and
gained 12 1 *. Manhattan yielded 9, but regained i
€ 4- Sugar sagged 13%, but only showed 24
net lpss at the close. Airbrake dropped 15, '
but rallied l3Vi>- American Tobacco eased off I
19 points, but figured for only 3 points net on I
the day. National Steel dropped 13^4, but got
back 9% of it. People's Gas sagged 12*4, but '
rallied strongly and closed with 3% net loss.
Railway and miscellaneous bonds also showed j
a yielding tendency to-day, with transactions j
of $3,CM,000.
United States new fours advanced %, and the
r.'.d fours upon hi in the bid price, while the
fives reacted "'■*.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 1.294,
--400 shares, including: Atchlson 8210. Atchlson
preferred 54,535. Burlington 43.043. Manhattan
67, C00. Metropolitan 20.185. Mexican Central
4070. Reading first , referred 12.200, Missouri Pa
cific 28,070, M. K. and T. preferred 4118, New
York Central 26.005, Northern Pacific 11.900.
Northern Pacific preferred 9213, Northwestern
6200, Ontario and Western 13.065, Rock Island
20,710. Union Pacific 20.155, Union Pacific pre
ferred 19.700. St. Paul 35.654. them Pacific
3155. Texas and Pacific 32("0. Wabash preferred
&3SO, American Steel and Wire 44,470, American
Steel and Wire preferred 7081; Paper 11,495, To
bacco 6120, Federal Steel 120,211, Federal Steel
preferred 38.160, People's Uaa 44.915. Colorado
Fuel and Iron 42' X). Brooklyn Transit 151, 633,
Lead 5315, Continental Tobacco 39.195, Pacific
Mall 8656, Sugar 62,305, Tennessee Coal and
Iron 16,400. Leather preferred 13.050, Rubber
11,634. western Union 3110, Continental To
bacco preferred 4200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20"i St Louis & S \V... 11%
Do prefd lil-^s I Do prefd 32*»
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 St Paul 12t*ti
Canada Pacific fco% ; Do prefd 159 '
Canada Southern . 57'j St P & Om 9414
Cent Pac 51%! Do prefd 165
Ches & Ohio 20VSo Railway 12%
Chi & Alton 165 i Do prefd -60%
Chi li & Q H2'4 Texas & Pacific... 22
Chi & E 111 72' i Union Pacific 48%
Do prefd 122 V& Do prefd 7!>H
Chi G W. 15% U P D & 'I 12U
Chi Ind & L 8% Wabash S%
Do preld 41 j Do prefd 235,4
Chi & N W 167% Wheel & 1, E liv
Do prefd 192 j Do prefd 30
CC C & St L •■■- Express Companies-
Do pr«-fd P6?ii Adams Ex 110
Del & Hudson 116 1 American Ex 140
Del L & W 170 United States .61
Den & Rio G 21% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 74% Miscellaneous—
Erie (new) ls%, a Cot Oil 354
Do let prefd 37' 2 Do prefd 90%
Ft Wayne '84 Am Spirits 141*
Gt Nor prefd 189*41 Do prefd 38%
Hocking Val SUjAm Tobacco 221
Illinois Cent.... U4'.i Do prefd 140
Lake Erie & \V\... 19 Cons Gas 194
Do prefd 664 Com Cable Co ISO
La«e Shore 200 Col F & Iron 36%
Louis & Nash 84% Do prefd 95
Manhattan L 117%' Gen Electric 113%
Met St Ry 246% Haw Com Co 80
Mlrh Cent 114 Brooklyn R T 116%
Mmn & St L 60% Intl Paper 52%
Do If- 1 prefd Ss9 | Do prefd 81 '
Mo Pacific 4*% Laclede Gas 51%
Mobile & Ohio 42 'Lead 34%
Mo X & T 13%' Do prefd 112*1
Do prefd "•'«. Federal Steel fi3*i
N J Central 117% Do prefd 85
N V Centra 1.......138%. ......138% Nat Lin OH 4%
N V Chi & St L... 13% Pacific Mail 49%
Do Ist prefd 66 People's Gas 120
Do id prefd 31 Pullman Pal MO
Nor West IS Silver Certificates. 60
No Amer Co !<'i Standard R & T... 10
No Pacific Sugar ...' 159%
Do prefd 7S'i ! Do prefd...., 116
Ontario & W 26%'T C & iron 66 ? 4
Or R & Nay 40 US Leather 6%
Or Short Line 41% Do prefd 72%
Pac C let prefd.... s<i if B Rubber 49V4
Do 24 prefd 82 I Do prefd 116%
Pittsburg IS4 Western Union 934
Reading 23 Am S & W 64
Do Ist prerd 66 Do prefd 97
R G W 35 iCon Tobacco 64
Do prefd. 76 Do rrefd S7
Rock Island 116% Colo Southern 6Vi
St Louis & S F.... 11 j Do Ist prefd 52 j
Do prefd 71 ! Do 2d prefd 2»4 !
Do 2d prefd 3S> , Pac C. ex-div 40.
So Pacific S3 r vOr Nay prefd 70
CLOSING BONDS.
U S3s 108 N V Central 15t5. .1144
U S new 4s reg..l3oVi N J C 5s 11S4
Do coup 1304 North Carolina 65.. 130
C S 4b 113 Do 4s 104
Do coup 114 No Pac lsts ÜB4
Do 2ds 994' Do 3s 674
U S 58/ reg U4 i Do 4s 1014
Do 5s coup 114 N V C A St L 4b. 105%
District 3.85s 117 Nor &W 6? ISO
Ala class A 110 iNorthwest c0n5015. 1434
Do B no ; Do 4eb Ss 122
Do C 100 0 Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ... Nay 4a
Atchtson 4s 100K 0 S Line Ss, tr....UBH
Do adj 4s S3 0 S Line ss, tr 111
Can So Ids 110 Reading 4s 85%
C & O 44s -'I 1? RQ W lsts
Chicago Term 45.. 95»% St L & I M Con 5i 1 8
C & Ohio 5s 1154 S L & S F Gen 85.133
C H & D 44s 104%5t P Con 1654
D & R G lsts lOS'-i St P C & P 15t5. .1214
P & R G 4s lOOViI Do 5s 1214
East Term lsts ....197 Bo Ry 6s
Erie Gen 4s 72 .Standard R & T6s 9
F W ft P lsts tr. S3 Term new set 3s — 99
Gen Elec 5s HV-Tex Pac L O Is ts.. 1134
Q H &• S A 55. ...11 l I Do R<-k Mb...
Do 2ds 110 iUnion Pac 4s ir.s
H & T C 5s 112 I" P D & G lsts.. 92
Do con 6s ni "Wabash Ist 55. ...116
lowa C ls'.s 10S4I Do 2ds 96%
La new consols 45. 109% W Shore 4s 114
I. & N Unl 4s MVi Va Centuries M 4
Mo Pac Con 6s ....119 Do deferred 94
M X & T Ids .... 67ttlWls Cent lsts 67*4
Do 4s 93^1 Colo Southern 4s. 85%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar  30 Ontario 600
Crown Point 20 Ophir 105
Con Cal & Va.... 190 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 40 Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada — 1 05
Homestake 55 no> Standard 2 25
Iron Silver . «. Oft Uni.->n Con 55
Mexican Co Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , Westingh Elec ... 48
Call loans 3 ©4 I Do prefd • 65
Time loans Stts4tt Ed Elec Tel 2nj
Stocks— Atchison prefd 61H
A T & 6 Fo 20"« Bonds—
Amer Sugar 160 jAtchison 4s 994
Do prefd 115 I Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 350 lAllouez Mm Co .. BU
Boston & Albany. 23o Atlantic "24
Boston & Maine^.l7s Boston & Mont 36>i
Boston L 9*4 Butte & Boston .. 94
Chi Bur & Q 142K ''alumet & Hecla..Sls
Fitchburg IIS .'"entennial 444
Gen Electric li;i*« Franklin 26
Fed Steel 63 Old Dominion .... 44T6
Do prefd 84^ i Osceola 91
Mexican Cent 13^.Quincy 168
N V & N Eng....100 | Tamarack 226
Old Colony 2^3 Wolverine 45
Rubber 44 Parrott .">4
Union Pac 464 Humholdt 24
West End 934 Adventure 14
Do prefd 113 Union Land 7
Wls Cent l>4iWlnona 164
THE LONDON MARKET.
LONDON, April 7.— Canadian Pacific. 88^;
Northern Pacific preferred. 8"4: Union Pacific
preferred, Sl^k; Grand Trunk, SS; bar silver,
quiet, 2~ 7-16J per ounce; money, 2 per cent.
BRADSTREETS REVIEW OF THE NEW
YORK STOCK MARKET."
NEW YORK. April 7.— Bradstreefs Review
of the New York stock market to-morrow will
say:
The hardening of the money market prior
to April 1 failed to arrest the bull movement
in stocks, but this week the continuance of
high ratps for call loans, together with an in
! discrimination by the banks and other
lenders against industrial storks have been
followed by liquidation and general declines in
prices. The impression of the street in regard
to money has h>*en that more plentiful sup
plies and easier rates w..uld be se^n this week.
Thit was somewhat unreasonable, a? whatever
funds are taken to th» interior for the Apri
settlements are slow to drift bark t" the finan
cial centers. On the other hand, the closing
large industrial deals results in tying, up
large sums temporarily, the money market be
ing thus influenced during the last few days
by the operations of the syndicate in charge
of the American Smelting Company, while at
the beginning of nest week I- 1,000 is to be
paid into a trust company by the subscribers
to the Alton syndicate. Such operations re
strict supplies and result in shitting of loans
and time money is significantly easy at 4 per
cent. The call loan rate In Wall street all week
ha;; bf-n 6 per cent. Rome q I 18 liW
! as 5 per < ent were made, bjlt on the other
. hand, the rate for balances at the stock ex
■-• has touched 12 per cent, it is still
the general imprest-ion th.it easier money for
speculative purposes will return, but the mar
ket is considerably exercised al»'Ui the new in
dustrial storks and the attitu.ie of money
lenders to them. In spite or the conservative
feeling about such securities, the spi'.-ulati^n
in them f.;i> been increasing, large amounts
being held on margin Fr^rn the beginning
of the movement, banks have shown a
nance to the new Industrials as i illateral,
even when they constituted only a small pio
portlon of th' securities. The tlghtr.< .-? ol
money this week seemed to cause Increased
rejections of Industrials in mixed loans and
rendered it more dirfirult for brokerage houses
to carry such securities. This led to cr.si i
pral le liquidation in the industrials, tl ■
dines In that quarter unsettling the rest of the
list, and on Friday the apprehensive feeling
of the street seemed to culminate in an out
! pour of long stocks and serious d^lines
'■ throughout the list. Railroad shares, however.
j regained a better tone and more liberal sup
plies of money coming into the market, thfre
• was a general rally In the afternoon.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW Y^RK, April 7.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say:
The quieter tone of distributive trade Is even
more marked this week than last, testifying
to the unfavorable effect upon retail trade and
indirectly upon jobbing distribution of thf cold,
backward spring and less favorable wheat crop
aftvices. While reports as to the damage to
winter wheat are most numerous from the
Southwest, the influf-n.-es of the backward sea
eon, frost In th n ground and other unfavor
able conditions havp tended to moderate the
hiterto very cheerful tone of advices from
the spring wheat States.
Other features of the week are a further
quieting down of the excitement in iron and
steel, though here lack of supplies and not
lack of consumptive demand Is assl^m-'i as the
chief reason. A strike of iron ore miners in
the Lake Superior district seems like
ly to complicate the ore supply ques
tion. Strikes involving 15.000 men have been
a feature of the week's operations. Lumber Is
feeling the Influence of expanding spring de
mand at many markets and prices axe very
strong.
The situation in textiles is little changed.
Cotton Is slightly lower on fuller crop move
ment, but manufactured goods are firm,
though some speculative lots of gray cottons
have been offered at concessions. Wool and
•woolens are rather quiet, though fall orders
for women's wear goods are encouraging and
the raw product is steady, the view being that
the proposed goods combinations have not got
very large supplies of wool. The situation as
regards prices Is still a very favorable one,
the list of staples advancing or remaining
steady being by far the most numerous, while
bank clearing statistics, railroad earnings and
all other obtainable measures of trade prog
ress point to an immense business, speculative
and otherwise, having been done during the
fir.-^t quarter of the year lssa. Throughout "the
West and Northwest, with few exceptions,
complaint Is made of unseasonable cold weath
er affecting distribution, particularly at retail.
Accompanying these reports, however, are
numerous statements that the business done
during the first quarter is considerably in ad
vance of that handled a year ago. Complaints
of bad weather and roads come from the
South, Texas trade and agricultural conditions
being unfavorably affected and New Orleans
reports that spring trade Is likely to be dis
appointing for a like reason.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 3.384. bushels, against 3.
--858.23S bushels last week, 3.778.72*! bushels In
the corresponding week of 189S: Z. 036,797 bushels
in 1897, 1.764.805 bushels in 1896, and 2.934,179
bushels in IMS.
Kince July 1. this season, the exports of
wheat aggregate 155.345.600 bushels, against
■ 278 bushels last year.
Business failures for the week number 190,
exactly the same number as last week, but
compared with 220 In this week a year ago
232 In ISS7; 231 In 1886, and 225 in 1895.
Business failures for the week in the Domin
ion of Canada are light, numbering only 21
&n against 33 last week, 39 In this week a
year ago, 32 in 1597. 30 In 1896 and 26 In 1895.
DUNS REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, April 7.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
f Failures in the first quarter of 1899 were In
I number 2772, against 3687 last year, and the
! liabilities $27,152,031. against $32*94€,i65. a de
crease of 17.66 per cent. Geographical aspects
make the returns peculiar, with a slight In
crease of defaults In New England, a decrease
of 13 per cent in the Southeast and' 2o per cent
'in the Central States. There was a decrease
i of nearly 40 per cent in the Pacific and South
western States, 41 r>er cent in th.- v.
I States and 4.86 per cent in the Middle States.
I No other year of the twenty-four covered hy
Dun's quarterly reports has shown as small
failures during its first quarter, excepting 1880
and 18S1. and no other except 1580 and
small liabilities per failure. The average of
defaulted liabilities per firm in business, only
$22 19. is smaller than In the first quarter of
any year except 1880, and the rate of defaulted
liabilities to solvent payments through clear
ing houses, only $1 12 per $1000, is also the low
est for the quarter, except in ISs>).
Tbe famine In iron, caused by urgent demand
far exceeding the present supply, not only con
tinues, but has caused haste to start 4S addi
tional furnaces with an output estimated at
39,970 tons weekly, of which the bulletin of the
Iron Association has given a list. These are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, APRIL 8, I8«y.
expected to increase production this month
and yet more in May and June, and some
weakness has been attributed to the prospect.
But the price of gray forger has again ad
vanced to $14 50 at Pittsburg, without change
in other quotations.
The demand for products is still enormous.
Contracts for the East River bridge covering
tons of acid open hearth steel have been
placed at Pittsburg, and one covering 6000 tons
for a Newark building, besides one at Phila
delphia for 3000 tons of ship plates, with many
j for bridge and other works, and in pipes new
business is so great that it forces prices farth
er in, while parties are trying to consolidate.
The Republic Iron and Steel Company will
be the combination of Western bar mills and
the hoop and cotton tie association will soon
be completed.
In another industry' progress seems to have
been caused by firmness of manufacturers, who
notified customers that options for boots and
shoes not accepted for April would be with
drawn. A great number of orders followed, it
is said, and April begins with the largest ship
ments for that week In any year, 98,734 cases,
making the total for the year larger than in
any year excepting 189 S.
Manufacturers who bought leather at low
prices six months ago have comfortable mar
pins, but those who buy at the higher prices
lately quoted are seeking an advance, which,
as befora. Jobbers generally refused.
The market for copper' is stronger at 18c for
lake, and while domestic consumption is heavy
the Increase of 4100 tons in the European supply
in March is not considered encouraging.
The woolen manufacturer does not yet seem
to have gained by recent consolidations or pro
posals, but goods of the finer grades are steady
in prices, with moderate orders, while medium
and low grade goods tend In buyers' favor.
The demand for a few kinds has covered the
season, but makers of the large majority are
yet In need of orders. Sales of wool have but
slightly increased, though more inquiry is re
ported, with a better demand for some grades
of goods. The cotton mills have enjoyed a fine
demand of late and have held prices well, but
strikes have now closed several larse mills
about Providence and Norwich, growing out of
the recent advance in wages, which the hands
claim does not affect the full restoration prom
ised. Meanwhile cotton has been weaker, with
better receipts in March and poorer foreign
demand.
Wheat has been fluctuating; without much
visible reason, rumors being wildly contra
dictory, as usual at this season, and command
ing not much more confidence than usual. The
exports from Atlantic ports for the week, flour
included, have been 2,074,763 bushels, against
2.240,172 last year, and In spite of all reports
the current receipts continue to exceed last
year's. The prospect for the continuance of
large exports of staples has not improved
within the past ten days. t
Failures for the week have been 141 In the
United States, against 232 last year, and 18
In Canada, against 32 last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW • YORK. April 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
131,000 barrels; exports. 8379 barrels. Moderately
1 active and steady, without change.
WHEAT— Receipts, 10,175 bushels; exports,
11,964 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2, 81%e. f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened steady on covering, but
developed extreme weakness on easy cables,
weakness in stocks, liquidation and big Argen
tine shipments. Later prices rallied on bad
crop news, but finally eased off again through
unloading and closed weak at \4c to %c de
cline. May, 76 7-16@77%c. closed 76% c: July,
75» t <£?76 T < closed 76% c; September, 74*i«i75c,
closed 74 He.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales 9500 bags. including
May, $5 05: July, to 25: September. $5 40@5 45;
October, $5 50@3 55; December, J5 70; January,
$5 SO.
Spot coffee— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c:
No. 7 jobbing, 6%c. Mild, steady; Cordova, S@
14c.
SUGAR — Raw, strong and tending upward.
I Fair refining, 4c: centrifugal, 96 test, 44c; mo
. lasses sugar, 3%0. Refined, strong and active;
I No. 6. 4 9-16 c; No. 7, 44c; No. 8, 4 7-16 c; No. 9,
I 4%c; No. 10. 4 5-16 c; No. 11. 4\4c; No. 12, 4 3-16 c;
No. 13, 4Hc; No. 14, 44 c: mold A. 54c; stand
ard A, 6%c: confectioners' A. 54c; cut loaf,
6%c; crushed. 5%c; powdered and cubes, 5%c;
granulated, 6\ic.
METALS-Tin still holds its position as a
strong leader in the upward movement of
"prices on the Metal Exchange. To-day the
metal advanced 274 to 35 points, with a large
business reported. The other departments were
less favored and unchanged. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, nominal, at $10 80.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at 118.
TlN— Firm, with $24 75 bid and $27 87%
asked.
LEAD— DuII, at $4 25.
SPELTER— Unchanged; $6 60 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is 14 10 and for
copper $15 50.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13.455 packages; quiet
i and steady. Western creamery, 17@23%c; El-
I gins. 21% c: factory, 12%@15c.
Receipts, 12,709 packages; firm. West
' em. 12»i@13c: Southern. 12@12%c.
; COTTON— Quiet; middling, 8 9-16 c
! NEW ORLEANS, April 7. -COTTON— ;
middling, 5 11-16 c.
PRIED FRUITS.
' NEW YORK, April 7.— California dried fruits,
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7«8c:
prime wire tray, . S%@B%c; choice, 9'39'4c;
fancy, 9^6 10c.
PRUNES— 4'4@9%c.
APRICOTS-Royal, 13@Uc; Moor"park. 13%@
17c.
PEACHES— 9©llc; peeled, 25§2Sc.
* BANK CLEARINGS.
The following table, compiled by Bradstreet,
glows the bank clearings at principal cities for
the week ended April 7, with the percentage
I of increase and decrease, as compared with
the corresponding week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
', New York $1.3r<1.575,223 75. 9
Huston 164.239,752 57.2
Igo 117.676.056 29.6
Philadelphia 103,322,876 33.7
i SL Louis 23.5f1.753 11.3
Plttsburg 33.574.243 55.1
! Baltimore 22,834,901 21.7
San Francisco 17.198,657 11.7
1 ■jn.innatl 16.695.500 27.0
Kansas City 11.719.130 11.3
New Orleans 7.521,043 15.3
Minneapolis 8.138.625 27.3
: Detroit 8,413,000 37.1
Cleveland 9.512.043 32.6
! ulsville 6,899,757 4.4
Providence 6.415.610 30.7
Milwaukee 4.756.829 4.5
St l'aul 3.346.213 .... 1.1
Buffalo 5.055.629 24.8
! Omaha 3.837.15S .... 52.2
Indianapolis 5,906,089 15.9
: Columbus, O 5. 905. 500 34.5
Savannah 2.214.415 22.3
Denver 2.904,788 5.1
Hartford 3,128,808 3.9
P.i.-hmond 3.292,784 16.4
■ Memphis 1.861.861 21.1
Washington 2,698.127 16.6
a 1,910,598 12.7
--ster 2,398,394 19.5
New Haven 1.646,929 13.2
Worcester 1.768,017 23.5
Atlanta L 739 .833 18.0
■ Lake City 1.713.653 '5.8
Springfield, Maps.. 1,959,306 32.5
I Fort Worth 1.600.58S .... 12.3
md, Me 1,740.106 18.1
Portland, Or 1. 163,048 .... 45.1
;St Joseph 2.654.977 29.7
I, 1 Angeles 1.713,609 2.5
Norfolk ' 1,065,105 6.7
' Syracuse 853.691
Dcs Moines 1.530,496 5.6
Nashville 1,627.'.'32 1.1
i Wilmington, Del... 932.542 8.7
Fall River 881,735 17.4
Scranton 1.209,222 28. 4
Grand Rapids 1,074,398 20.4
i Aupusta. da 901.670 63.2
Lowell 934.729 34.7
Dayton. 0 1.002.344 26.9
Seattle 1,604,581 14. 5
Tacoma 672.716 .... 32.3
me 1,810,368 42.5
Sioux City 1.084,762 24.4
New Redford 776.798 15.8
ixvllle, Term.... 545.05S 3.7
Topeka 489.956 .... 1.6
1 Birmingham 507.652 79.7
Wichita 57M44 36.0
Blnghamton 404.300 ....
In 416.627 IS.O
! Lexington. Ky 412.112 30.1
Jacksonville, Fla. .. 241.545 6.9
: Kalamazoo 330.163 12.6
Akron 357,600 11.8
Chattanooga • 323,184 25.5
Rockford, 111 228.488 .... 3.3
! Canton. 0 316.300 .... 3.9
! Springfield. 0 230.096 19.7
Fargo, N. D SK,99t 25.5
IS Falls. S. D.. IM.7'>s 39.8
Hastings. Neb 142.813 8.3
t Fremont. Neb 136.423 25.3
Davenport L2S9.OM 23.1
Toledo 1.544.056 .... 3.5
Qalveston 6.371.300 7.8
I Houston 6,136.979 16.6
Youngstown, 0 362.562 34.0
Eransville 669,677 .... 9.7
•H-kna :. 450.116
Macon 450.000 .... 23.7
! Little Rock 378.095
! Springfield, 111 349,551 ....
Totals. U. S $2,051,380,811 59. 7 ....
Totals outside of
Now York 859,603,088 30.2 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J12.221.194 3.1
Toronto 7.850,942 12.0
i Winnipeg 1.578,454 4.0
I Halifax 1,116,854 .... 2.8
Hamilton 812.158 6.5 ....
St. John. N. B 682,084 8.0
I Vancouver 623,219
Victoria 333.454 ....
Totals 524.161.656 .... 2.3
•Not included In totals because containing:
other items than clearings.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 7.— Wheat opened with
a show of firmness which it soon lost. The
slight improvement was in consequence of
. sales at Liverpool and country offerings
jof winter wheat. The break in the New York
I stock market and liberal shipments of wheat
from Argentina to Europe had more argu
ments with traders, however, and liquidation
started a downward tendency. May start
ed %i??iie higher at 72?4@72%c. and in the
course of a couple of hours' trading declined
to 71^0. A slack foreign demand and milder
weather also accelerated the selling. Trading
] was active when prices were declining and an
immense quantity changed hands at around
72c for May. The Monon Miller, which up to
to-day had claimed promise of an average
yield in its weekly summary, said the week
had seen general deterioration of the winter
wheat. When this announcement was made,
prices began to rise. About an hour from the
close the loss had been recovered, May reach
ing 72% c. It did not hold, however, but grad
ually dropped back to 7l\c, at which price
it closed.
Corn held fairly steady, but weakened at the
cloEe in sympathy with the decline in wheat.
Business was largely In the way of changing.
May corn closed at 4'5%c lower.
Favorable weather and the weakness of the
other grains caused the downfall in oats. There
was some profit-taking by longs. The cash de
mand was tame. May oats closed V*@%c
lower.
Provisions ruled firm but sluggish with out
side speculative interests conspicuously small.
May pork closed 24(gt>c higher; lard and ribs,
unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 7274 72% 71% 71* i
July 72% 73 71% 7214
Corn No. —
May 34% 34% 34% 34-%
July 35% 35% 35% 35%
September 36% 364 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
May ....: 26% 26% 264 264
July 26% 26% 25% 25%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May .9 20 930 9 17% 930
July » 9 35 9 40 9 30 9 40
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 530 5 324 530 . 630
July 5 474 5 474 540 0 424
September 555 555 5 524 5.55
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May 4 774 4 77% 475 4 774
July 490 490 4 874 490
September 5 024 5 02% 500 5 024
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and unchanged; No. 2 spring
wheat, 70ft 72c; No. 3 spring wheat. 67<§'70c; No.
2 red. 73'§76c; No. 2 corn. 34%^"34%c; No. 2
oats, 27Vi'S274c; No. 2 white, 30@31c; No. 3
white, 2MV 4 <gSoc: No. 2 rye. 53c; No. 2 barley,
39t!4Sc: No. 1 flax seed, $1 154; new winter,
$1 224; prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess pork,
per barrel. $S 20<g9 25; lard, per 100- pounds,
»5 224<§5 25; short ribs sides (loose), *4 50@4 90;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4^@44 C : short
clear sides (boxed), $5@5 10; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut
loaf, $5 83: granulates, $5 33.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 20,000
Wheat, bushels 45,000 5.000
Corn, bushels 233.0*0 44,000
Oats, bushels 163.000 118,000
Rye, bushels 7.000 8.000
Barley, bushels 27.000 2.0.00
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 14<520c; Dairies.
llH<g'lßc. Eggs, steady: fresh, ll^c. Cheese,
steady; Creameries, ll^i@l2%c.
■ WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— • • ' Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 258.000 33,970
Duluth 67.769 1,487
Milwaukee 20,300
Chicago
Toledo 14,243 11,600
St. Louis 5.000 6,000
Detroit 9.606
Kansas City 18.000 12,500
Totals
Tidewater—
Boston
New York 10.175 11,984
Philadelphia 2,314 4.431
Baltimore 14.951 24,000
New Orleans
Galveston 22.730
Totals '. .
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 5Vi 5 5
Closing 5 5% 5 5%
• PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May- Aug.
Opening 43 05 .43 60
Closing
Wheat-
Opening 21 05 21 05
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 7.— CATTLE— CattIe were
firm to-day. Fancy cattle brought $5 7006 80:
choice steers, $." 30fiFi 60; medium steers, $4 75@
4 96; beefs steers. J4 l g4 70;" stockers and feed
ers. $3 80©4 90: cows and heifers, $3 40@4 25;
bulls, J2 7094 10; Western fed steers. J4 25®
6 50: Texas steers, $4@5 35; calves, $3 75@6'75.
HOGS— There was a fairly active local and
shipping demand for hogs, and sales ruled
steady at previous prices. Fair to choice, I'd SO
©■3 924; heavy packers. $3 55@3 77^; mixed,
$3 60@3 S2 l butchers, $3 65(j?3 S5; light, J3 60@
3 *2' ; Pigs, »3 So@3 70.
SHEEP— Sheep ruled steady, while lambs,
which comprised the greater part of offerings, !
were extremely dull and about 10c lower. Com
mon to ffood lambs, $4 75®5 60; shorn lambs,
$4 50@5 IS; poor to prime sheep, $3@4 50; year
lings. $4 7.V5." 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 20,000; sheep,
SOX).
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April Consols. 110 9-16; Fllver.
27 7-16 d; French rentes. 101 f 95c; wheat cargoes
off coast, sellers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, quieter, hardly any demand; Eng
lish country markets, quiet; import of wheat
Into United Kingdom, 388,000; Imports of flour
into United Kingdom, 380,000.
LIVERPOOL. April ".—WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 standard California. 6s 4d(g6s sd; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm: No. 1 California, 6s 4d@
6s sd: No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s Id. Stocks
nearly exhausted. Futures closed dull; May,
6s o'^d: July, 5s s»id. Receipts of wheat during
the past three days, 455.000 centals, Including
424.000 American.
CORN— Spot American mixed new. quiet, 3s
4'/4d; do old, quiet, 3s 6Hd. Futures, quiet;
April, 3s 4Hd; May, 3s 4^d: July, 3s 4%d. Re
ceipts of corn during the past three days, 338,
--000 centals, all American.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. April Clearings, *251,092;
balances, $52,184.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 7.— Walla Walla wheat
found buyers to-day at SS@SSHc, but valley and
bluestem were in no especial demand at 59@60c,
with some buyers refusing to quote any more
for them than they would for Walla Walla.
Cleared— British ship Marechal Suchet. for
Queenstown, with. 112,760 bushels of wheat.
• Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 112,760 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 7.— WHEAT— CIub, 67% c;
bluestem, 60Vsc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — J4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — « 87
Sterling Cable 6 — 4 88
New York Exchange, Bight — 124
New York Exchange, telegraph — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69H
Mexican Dollars — 48®45%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— News from the Eastern markets
was of a mixed character, some markets huy
ing and others selling. Foreigners generally
sold freely. The local market was dull and
unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 06Vi@l 08%; milling,
$1 10® 1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Bwlon— <:lfi o'clock— December—
2noo ctls. 31 10»i; 18,000, $1 10%.
Second Session— December- 24,000 ctls, $1 It.
May— 2ooo, Jl 06%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctls. $1 lltt: 14.000. $1 11.
Afternoon Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 HVi;
4000, »1 11M>. May-4000. $1 07.
BARLEY— The spot market was lower and
weak at the decline. Futures on the contrary
were higher.
Feed, $1 07%@l 12V4; Brewing, »1 15@1 20 per
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99, new
— SOOO ctls, BoVic
Second Session— Seller "99, new— 4ooo ctls, 85%e.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
2000 ctls. 86c; 2000, 85% c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '98, new— 2ooo ctls,
86c; 10.000, 85%^.
OATS— There is nothing going on and quota
tions are unchanged.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 87'^'ffil 40; common, $1 32V4@1 S5; Sur
prise. Jl 45@1 50; Gray $1 32%<?fl o7Mt; Milling.
$1 40<gl 42% per ctl; Red. $1 45@1 50; Black, Jl 30
@1 40.
CORN— Previous prices rule for all descrip
tions.
Small round Yellow, Jl 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 12V.; White. Jl UVtOl 17%; mixed. Jl 06&
©1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal
RYE— JI OGffrl 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California lamily extras. J4; bakers'
extras, J3 85<ft3 90; Oregon and Washington
JS®.t 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour J2 75
per ICO; Rico Flour. J7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, J3 25; Oatmeal. J4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, J4 75: Hominy, J3 25@3 DO; Buck
wheat Flour. J4®4 25; Cracked Wheat. J3 75;
Farina, J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), J6 5506 95; in sacks $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley. J5; Split Peas, J4 SO; Green Peas.
J5 p«r 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEELtTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were large again and the
market was weak with a decline in several
descriptions.
Dealers report that Oat Hay shows lees weak
ness than the other descriptions, for it is stead
ily increasing In favor as feed. Many who
formerly used wheat exclusively are changing
to oat, hence it is thought that the difference
in price between the two descriptions will be
less than formerly.
Bran and Middlings stand the same. Rolled
Barley is declining.
BRAN— SIS 50<&lij per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50«i21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; job
bing, $32532 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S@3O per ton: Cornmeai, $23 50
<g24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed.
519 50@20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $14-5:16 for good
to choice and $12@13 for lower grades; Wheat
and Oat. $12@15; Oat, $12@14; Barley, $12@13;
Alfalfa. $61.8.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $12@13; Cheat.
$10 50rfjll 50; Grass Hay. $9@10; Oat, $11@
13: Clover, $9 50@10 50; Timothy, per ton.
STRAW— per bale. *
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are quiet at previous prices, and Seeds
are dull.
BEANS— $1 75@1 So; Small Whites,
$2 10<g2 20; Large Whites, $1 So@l 90; Pinks,
$2 05!g2 15; Reds, $3 25@3 35; Blackeye, $3 75@
3 85; Butters. $2 25<g2 50; Limas, $3 40<g3 50-
Pea, $2 25@2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 50<g2 60 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, ■ $3 75@4 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 25®3 50; Flax. $2 15@2 25:
Canary Seed. 2%@2?4c per lb: Alfalfa, 8%@9%c;
Rape. 2Vi<f2?ic; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5
®6V6c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 65@1 70; Green, $2@
2 30 per ctl. '
POTATOES. ONIONS. AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were S9l boxes- Asparagus, 441 boxes
Rhubarb and 122 sacks Peas.
The decline in Onions continues and Potatoes
are weak, though no lower.
Los Angeles Vegetables were in better assort
ment than for some time. Nearby Vegetables
stood about the same.
POTATOES— SI 50@l 65 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 40@l 60 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks, $1 40@l 60 per ctl; Oregon,
il 4G@l £0 for seed and $1 60@l 70 for large;
Sweet Potatoes. for Merced; New Pota
toes. 3@4c per lb.
ONIONS — 40@75c per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 75c@$l 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 50^1 75 for No. 1 and $2 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 40@50c per box for the general run
and $l(g'l 25 for fancy: Green Peas. 4@7c; String
Beans, 15@16c; Cabbage, $1 25@1 50; Tomatoes,
$150@175; Egg Plant, 10@15c per lb; Garlic,
6@7c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Pep
pers, 10c; Green Peppers, ; Carrots, 25ig33c
per sack; Mushrooms, 4@loc per lb; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 50c(?j$l 50 per doz; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, 10c per lb.
*
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market for Poultry continues firm with
light stocks. Game is dull and the hot weather
is against it. Some Hare has been dumped,
being spoiled.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys. 13<gl6c for Gobblers and 14@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50'al 75; Goslings. $2 25
@2 50; Ducks, $5 5006 50 for old and $7®S 50 for
young; Hens, $5 50(g ! 7; young Roosters, $7 50@9;
old Roosters, $5 50Q6 &0; Fryers, $6 50@7; Broil
ers. $5@6 for large, $3@4 50 for small: Pigeons.
$1 50<j?l 75 per doz for old and $2 25@2 50 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, 75c;
Hare, 50@75c; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and
$1 for small; English Snipe, $3@3 50 per doz.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
It is now being learned that the scarcity in
Eggs is due to the free selling of Hens some
time ago by raisers, owing to the dry season.
This was particularly the case south of the bay.
The market continues firm, but there are East
ern on the way.
Butter and Cheese are unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17@17%c; seconds,
16@16'4c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 14%@16c; common
grades. 13i??14Oi
CHEESE— Chcice mild new, li@ll%c; old.
10@10Vic; Cream Cheddar. 12@12%c; Young
America. HV4@l2%c: Eastern, 11 1*.® 14c.
EGGS— at 17@19c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges are moving off well at the quotations.
Lemons and Limes are unchanged.
Apples are scarce and choice are higher.
Strawberries are in better receipt, but sell
well.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $lffl 25 for common. $1 50<J?2 per box
for No. 1 and $2 o«©3 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, 60@90c per drawer for small
and for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25@3 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mediterranean
Sweets $1 50<g.2; Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for common
and $252 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4@5; California Limes, 60@75c per small
box; Grape Fruit, $2@3: Bananas, $1 50@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, "c for 40-50 s. 5@
6%c for 50-60's, 4@4%c for 60-70's. 3H@3%c for
70-80's 2?4@3c for,So-90's. 2%@2%c for 90-100" s
and 2@2%c for 100-MlO's; Peaches, B%@9He for
good to choice, 10c .for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots. 12%@15c for Royals and
for Moorparkß; Evaporated Apples, B>£@9c; sun
dried, 5@5%c; ' Black Figs, sacks. 2(Jf2\;c;
Plume, nominal, 2c for unpitted; Pears, nomi
nal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. l 9'6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3>^c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2\@3c. •
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Bc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds,
S@9c for hardshell, 12<313c for softshell, 14@16c
for paperehell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4V.@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, lO'ffllc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 7%
®7V4c; light amber extracted. 7c; dark, 5@5%c
per It).
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per It).
PROVISIONS.
There are no changes in the quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy.
B«*g9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light.
12c for extra light and 12H@l3c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10H@llc: Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
— Tierces quoted at s\i@s%c per lb for
compound and 7 1 I (4c for pure: half barrels,
pure, Sc: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@6%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9'4c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb palls, 12 in
a case, 8"£c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SV..C; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, ~%c; half
barrels. about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9c; light, B@BHc; Cow
hides, S l i@9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10(i?30c each; short
Wool. 35@C0c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for laree and $1 for small; colts, 25Q50c for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No.
2 3%c; refined. sc; Grease, 2%c.
'WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months, 7@Sc: Foothill and Northern free. 10
®12c: Foothill and Northern, defective. 9@llc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 14@15c; Nevada, 10
®12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 @n
Northern Mountain 7 $jio
Southern 6 <g> 7%
Plains - 6 7
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary,
12®12V2C for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from tirst hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, sVic for June
and July: Wool Base, 2G@2Sc; San Quentln
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 90;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in 'mlk and $14
In sacks. '
RICE— mixed. $4 05@4 10; China No. 1.
$4 50©4 90; extra do. $,",fi.". 35; Hawaiian, $6@6 25;
Japan. $4 iio?f4 90; Louisiana. $5(g6 50.
. SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5 9-16 c; Powdered, 5 l-16c;
Candy Granulated, 5 3-16 c; Dry Granulated,
5 l-16c; Confectioners' A. 5 l-16c; California A,
4 13-16 c; Magnolia A. 4 11-16 c; Extra C, 4 9-16 c;
Golden C. 4 7-16 c; half barrels. He more than
barrels, and boxes, l^c more. No order taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. ■
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All descriptions remain unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7%©Sc per lb.
MUTTON— 7UfSc; ."3wes, 7c per lb
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5c for small. 5%05Ke for
medium and 4%@4%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4@4 1 ,4 c; dressed Hogs, 6^@7V4c
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For ' Friday, April 7.
Flour, qr sks 17,205 Hops bales . 2
tVheat. ctls 390 Wool, bales .... 33
Rye. ctls 100 Pelts, bdls ... 141
Cheese, ctls ..... 109 Hides. No 372
Butter, ctls 224 -near. sks ■...'.'.' 7 900
Tallow, 304 Sugar, bbls . . ; "435
Beans, sks 2.047 Eggs, doz 17 v L ,o
Potatoes, sks .... 860 Lumber, feet 13 000
Onions, sks ...... • 474 Quicksilver, flks. '4S
Flaxseed. sks .... 79 Leather, rolls ... 48
Bran, sks 447 (Powder car .. 1
Middlings, sks .. 400 Wine, gals 60 900
Hay. tons 449 i Lime, bbls 91
Straw, tons 18 I
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 6,B9S|Wheat, ctls ..... 6,370
Dats, ctls 1,050 Potatoes, sks .... 673
Bran, sks 3,969! Onions, 5k5....... 300
Family Retail Market.
Eggs are dearer. Butter and Cheese stand
about as before. . ;
Poultry Is still in light supply and prices con
tinue lush. There is no decline in Meats.
The summer Fruits and Vegetables show the
usual slight changes. No new varieties were
received during the week.
Following is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
} Coal, per ton —
I Cannel $ 012 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60@
i Wellington .. (§lO 00 South-field
New Welling- Wellington @ 9 50
ton ©10 00 Coos Bay @ 7 00
| Seattle 8 000 I
Dairy Produce, etc. — •'•■■■
Butter fancy, per I Cheese. Swiss 20^23
square 40@— I Common Eggs..l7&@2o
Do, per roll 35®— Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 31*3 — dozen 20@25
Pickled 35*T- Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per 1b 17@20 lb 12013
Cheese, Cal — $13 Do,, extracted...— @lo
Cheese, Eastern. ..ls@l7| ..»"•■,■
Meats, per Id — •
Bacon ....• 12@17 1 Pork, fresh 12015
Beef, choice 18@20 Pork, salt —©13
Do, good. 10015 Pork, chops 12ig—
! Corned Beef, ..10@— Round Steak 12®—
Ham. Cal 12%@15 Sirloin Steak l.vy —
Do. Eastern — ®15 Porterhouse, d0...20<ff25
Lard 12@15 Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton 10(515 j Pork Sausages.. 12^#20
Lamb — ©151 Veal 12@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 60@83 Ducks, each... 00
Young Roost- Geese, each. ..$1 c.o@2 00
ers, each. Ssc*fsl CO '' Pigeons, pair.. 2.i@ 50
Old Roosters, Rabbits, pair.. —'n 40
each 60@65 Hare, each — — @ 20
Fryers, each — (i~ih Wild Geese, pr
Broilers, ef.ch 50@65 pair 75® —
Turkeys, per tb...:-
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, Ib 15'fi20i Oranges, doz 15@35
Apples. Ib B®lD I Raisins, Ib s@lo
Bananas, doz. ;...2o?f2s, Strawberries, per
Lemons, doz 20<?? — 1 basket 15@25
Limes, doz 10@15i Walnuts. lt> 12&15
Vegetables— . ,
Artichokes, d0z... 40@65 .Lettuce, doz IS@25
Asparagus ill Mushrooms, lt>.. 10@20
Beets, doz 12@15 Onions, Ib 4@ 5
Beans, white, rb.. 4@ 5 Potatoes, Ib 2@ 3
Colored, Ib A<ii 5' Do. Sweet s@—
Lima, Ib s<g:— . Parsnips, doz 15@20
Cabbage, each ©10 Rhubarb, pr Ib 46 6
Cauliflowers, each— -ii 10 Radishes, dz bchslO'@!l2
Celery, bunch 1,%— Sage, doz bnchs...2si@3s
Cucumbers, per ' String Beans, 1b..20@25
dozen %i 00-52 00 Thyme, Ib 20-330
Cress, doz bnchs.. 2o^2s Turnips, doz.. 15@20
Green Peas, 1b.... SCd l0 I Tomatoes, Ib 12@20
Lentils, tb 6@ Si
Fish, per lb —
Barracuda 12@— Shrimps 100—
Carp SQ— Shad B@lo
Codfish 150— Sea Bass — @—
Flounders B@lo Smelts , .15^5—
Herring » lofi 12 1 Soles 15#—
Halibut 15®— .Skates, each 10<?rl2
i Kingfish — ©— .Tomcod .; 12@15
Mackerel — @—' Clams, gal 50® —
I Do. Horse — ©-Do, hardshell, 100.40@50
j Perch 10®12 rahs, each 10@lS
I Pompano — & — iDo, softshell, doz.'isS3s
Rookflsh 15®— iMuesels, qt 10(@12
| Salmon, smoked.. 2'^— Oysters,- Cal, 100. 40@50
Salmon, fresh 12©15 Do, Eastern, d0z..25@40
sturgeon — ®— I
■ ♦ ■
THii bTOUK MARKHiT.
There was a fair amount of business on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange. Ha
waiian Commercial advanced' to $87. Contra
Costa Water sold at $65 50<§65 75 and Gas and
Electric at $74 50Q74 75. Other changes were
slight.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian Commercial
advanced .to $83 25 and Gas and Electric de
clined to $73 75, seller 30.
The tendency in mining stocks was down
ward, with rather more selling. The pump is
not lowering the water at present, but merely
holding it in check, pending drainage of ground
and changes in the machinery, and this acts,
as a damper on the public. The telegram from
the pump said: "Elevator shut down for six
and a half hours last night. Water rose thirty
one feet. Elevator started and water lowered
again twenty-seven feet in nine hours. Water
in 1750-foot level winze is thirteen feet seven
inches below the station."
On the bond session of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange 25 shares of Hawaiian Com
mercial sold at $87 and 10 shares of San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric at $74 75.
The usual exploratory work was done in the
Standard Consolidated mine of Bodle for the
week ending April 1, according to the official
report just received. The ore in several of the
prospect openings on the 150, 318, 336, 470 and
525-foot levels is not of good quality, although
the showing is better at other points. Connec
tion has been made between the 3SO and 470-foot
levels. The stop.-s are yielding the usual quan
tity of ore on the 150, 270. 318, 336. 470 and 532
levels in the Moyle, No. 10 and Fortuna veins.
Some very good ore is being taken from the
Fortuna. During the week the mill crushed
.'4" tons of ore. Average assay vanner tailings,
$12 45. Concentrates produced, Hi tons: assay
value, $1111 13. Amalgam produced, 1021 troy
ounces; value per ounce, $2 56.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 7—2 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board
25 Contra Costa Water 65 50
25 Contra Costa Water 65 25'
25 Giant Powder Con 6100
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar SO 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 75
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 87 00
10 Hutehinson S P Co 31 50
25 Mutual Electric Light .s 15 25
25 Oceanic S S Co 75 i 5
100 iauhau SP Co 39 00
330 Paauhau S P Co 39 ijii
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 10 33 25 "
251 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 75 '
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 74 03
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 50
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent b0nd5... .123 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
75 Alaska Packers* Assn 110 50
400 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S3 25
30 Hutchinson S P Co 3175
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 73 75
2 Spring Valley^ Water 102 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
. .
Morning Session.
Board—
40 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
10 Oceanic S S Co » 75 25
30 Giant Powder Con 61 25
Afternoon Session.
Street
-65 Hana Plantation 17 $'*$
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 87 00
25 Spring Valley Water 102 50
$3000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 104 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 081 100 Gould & Curry 43
200 Andes 16] 300 Justice 20
200 Belcher 38 300 Mexican 69
300 Bullion 03|20COphir 11,-,
200 Challenge 38 < 250 Savage 32
200 Con Cal & Va.J 00 100 Sierra Nevada. 1 la
200 Con Cal & Va.l 95 200 Union Con .... 02
50 Confidence 90 100 Utah 16
200 Crown Point... 22 1 200 Utah 15
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 071 100 Hale & Norcrs 30
300 Alpha 06: 200 Justice 19
200 Andes 15 1 500 Ken tuck 05
100 Andes' 14 1000 Mexican 63
200 Belcher 36 350 Mexican 64
400 Best & Belcher 5S 400 Ophir 110
500 Bullion 03 800 Potosl' ; 28
300 Challenge 33 500 Potosl 29
200 Challenge 32 300 Savage SO
200 hollar 31 1 300 Sierra Nevada 105
100 Con Cal & Va.l SO: 200 Union Con .. 51
400 Crown Point... 20:1000 Union Con 50
500 Gould & Curry 39 1 300 Yellow Jacket. 33
Following were .the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: :
Mornins Session. '
200 Alpha Con .... 07 1 200 Hale & Norcrs 31
500 Belcher 35 400 Justice .. 20
200 Belcher 37 400 Kentuck .... 05
200 Best & Belcher 63 j 100 Mexican ... 69
200 Best & Belcher 60 300 Mexican ..." " 65
500 Bullion 03' 300 Mexican .... " 66
200 Caledonia 40! 200 Ophir i'l7<*
400 Con Cal & V...1 96 2CO Ophir ... '...;' 1 15
300 Con Cal & V.I 97H| 500 Potosi . "" •>£
400 Con Cal & V...1 90 1100 Savage I!!!!.!!! 34
700 Con Cal & V.I 87% 300 Savage 33
200 Confidence S3 200 Sierra Nev...l 12H
100 Crown Point... 24 i 400 Union Con .... 53
1200 Crown Point... 21 1 400 Union Con .... 52
.900 Crown Point... 22 300 Utah 15
700 Gould & Curry 41 i 400 Yellow Jacket. 40
1100 Hale & Norcrs 32,
Afternoon 'Session.
200 Alpha Con .... 07 1 200 Mexican 63
300 Andes 13 200 Ophir 115
700 Belcher 30 900 Ophir 1 OJVs
800 Best & Belcher 59 1 500 Overman »ii
300 Best & Belcher 58' 200 Potosi 2$
200 Caledonia 36 < 500 Potosi 27
200 Challenge Con. 36 300 Savage 31
700 ("hollar 31 500 Savage 30
300 Chollar 32 300 Sierra Nevada.l 10
200 Chollar 30 400 Union Con .... 51
900 Con Cal & V.I S2V6 200 Union Con .... 50
400 Con Cal & V...1 SO 500 Utah 14
600 Crown Point... 20 700 Utah 13
SCO Gould & Curry 411 400 Yellow Jacket. 38
500 Justice 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, April 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ! - Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 06 07 Julia OS 03
A.lta 08 10 Justice IS 20
Andes 14 15 Kentuck > — OS
Belcher 33 35 ' Lady Wash .... — 02
Best & Belcher 58 59. Mexican 62 63
Bullion ..". 02 04 Occidental 35 36
Caledonia 36 37lDphir 105 110
rjhollar 30 31 ' Overman 13 14
Challenge Con.. 33 35iPotosi 27 28
Confidence &0 90. Savage 30 32
Ton Cal & Va.l SO 1 Ss| Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial... 01 02 Seg Belcher ... 01 04
Crown Point... 20 21 Sierra Nevada.l 05 110
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill .... — 04
E Sierra Nev. 02 — j Syndicate — 06
Eureka Con — 50 Standard —2 75
Exchequer .... — 03 Union Con .... 49 50
Gould & Curry 37 39: Utah 12 13
Hale & Norcrs 30 31 Yellow Jacket.. 36 37
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thrrity of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
i the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun rises 5.43
Sun sets • 6 - 39
Moon rises ;.4:20 a. m.
D ITime! ITlmei Timej Time
p 1 Ft . I 1 Ft. 1 Ft. I — Ft-
<» LW| HW L, W HW
1~~.. 3.46 0.6 10:08 5.4 3:55 0.9 10:20 6.0
9 ... 4:31 0.2 11:00 5.4 4:34 1.3 10:55 5.1
10... S:l4 ..0.2 11:50 ' 5.2 S:OS 1.7 11:30 6.J
H XV L, W H W L. W
11 ... 6:01-0.4 12:44 5.0 5:48 2.1 ...........
12 ... 0:06 6.1 6:501—0.4 1:38 4.6 6:29 2.5
13 ... 0:44 ! 5.9 7:3^[— 0.3! 2:26 4.4! 7:10 2.7
14 .. 1:22 5.3 8:30|— o.l| 3:401.4.21 S:01| 2.8
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
! the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
i day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tne
second time column ' (fives the second tide or
the day the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
civen are addiitons to the soundings on th*
United States Coast Survey charts. »xcept
when a minus Flsrn (—1 precede- the height.
and then th* number eiven I* subtracted from
i the depth given by the charts. The plane of
' TfffT»r\rf is the mean of th** l"wor I*"*™ watery
— - — — — —^^
':.-':,'• STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
imer.
! Titanla ..: INaaaimo Apt. 8
; Orizaba Newport lApl. S
■ Wyeflpld Xanalmo Ap). »
Crescent City... Crescent City Apl. »
Willamette .... Seattle Apl. 9
HrlFt^l 'TVpartnre Bay I A pi. *
Mackinaw ITacoma Apl. '
Coquille River.. IGrays Harbor !Apl. 9
! A. Blanchard. ..'Coos Bay ; Ap , .
I Aloha Point Arena Apl. 1
Samoa IHumboldt Ap . 10
i Tartar 'Vancouver I Apl. *"
I Alliance Portland... Apl. 10
! Fulton ....: Portland ApJ. 10
i Santa Rosa .... ! San 'Diego Apl. 19
: Columbia Portland Apl. 10
i Townsend Coquille River 'Apl. 11
! Luella Tlllamook Apl. 11
i City of Rio China and Japan Apl. 11
Kan Jose 'Panama ■ !Apl. 11
' Sitrnal IWillnpa Harbor Apl. 13
Pomona IHumbo'.dt 'Apl. 18
Coos Bay 'Newport Apl. 13
Umatilla (Victoria & Puget Sound; Apl. 12
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apt 13
North Fork IHumboldt Apl. 13
i Corona 'Ran Dipsro IA pi. 14
i Arcata 'Con? Bay Apl. 1*
■ Rt»t« of a l.. . i Portland 'Apl. 1-
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
I 1 1 1
Curacao ...Mexico Apl. 8, 10 amPler 11
State Cal... Portland Apl. 8. 10 am Pier 24
City Sydney Panama Ar\ 8.12 mIPMSS
Corona .... San Dießo Apl. 8. 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena. .JPoint Arena. .|Apl. 8, 3 Pier 1
1 Weeott ...JHumhoMt . ....Apl. 9. «am I Pier 13
i Pomona ....IHumboldt lApl. 9. 2 Pier »
Ar.ata Irons Ray lApl. <». 1« «m : , *!'.•'•
' Orizaba ....'Newport lApl. 10, 9 am Pier 11
A. Blanch'dlCoos Bay I Apl. 11. 5 pm Pier IS
Walla Wall I Vie & Pgt S'd.lApl. 11. 10 am Pier 9
! Santa Rosa San Diego lApl. 12. 11 am Pier 11
; Npp'n M'ru China&.Tapanl Apl. 12. 1 pmIPMSS
i Alliance ...Oregon Ports. ; 12, 10 am Pier 20
Aloha Point Arena.. Apl. 12. 3pm Pier 3
Columbia .. (Portland lApl. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... I Newport I Apl. 14. 9am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
I LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. April 7.
U S stmr Scandia. Hart, 2S days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki IS days.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 13 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr George TV Elder. Hinkle. 65 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 4S hours.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham. 55 hours from Ya
quina Bay and way ports.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, 61 »4 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Mariposa. Hayward, 23 days 11U hour*
from Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 6 hours.
U S stmr Godney, Westdahl, 55 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. 42 hours from Coos Bay.
via Port Orford 36 hours.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday, April 7.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
Ship Sintram, Larsen, Loring; Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
SAILED.
Friday, April 7.
Stmr Albion, Erickson.
Ptmr Progreso. Gilboy, Seattle.
Stmr Washtc-naw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgette. Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Bark Aureola, Mercer, South Bend.
Schr Rattler, Delaney, Kodiak.
Schr Orient, Sanders. Port Gamble.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Lindberg, Karluk.
CHARTERS.
The James H Bruce loads mdse for Nieolaef
ski.
The Alex McNeil loads lumber at Moody
ville for Port Pirie. 4Ss 9d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 7, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
March 19, lat 24 S. long 45 W— Br ship Caith
ness-shire, hence Nov 3, for Dublin.
March 23, lat 31 S. long 43 W— ship As
pice, hence Oct 2S, for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April Schr Lau
ra Madsen, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 6 — Schr Reporter, hence
March 2?.
GREENWOOD— April 7— Stmr Alca
zar, hence April 6.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 7— Stmr Noyo,
hence April 6.
' SEATTLE— April 7— Ship Marion Chil
cott. for Manila.
ASTORlA— Sailed* April 7— Stmr Alliance, tor
San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April 7— Bktn Ska-'
Bit. for Honolulu.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 6— Bktn Gardiner
City, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 7— Stmr Alice Blanchard, hna
April 3.
SAN ' DIEGO— April 7— Schr Mabel
Gray, for Eureka; stmr South Coast, for .
NEWPORT <S)— Arrived April 7— Schr Ber
tha Dolbeer. from Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed, April 7— Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Nanaimo.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed April
7— Ship Arthur Sewall, from Bath, for Phila
delphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FALMOUTH— In port April s— Br ship Sll
berhorn, from Oregon.
Arrived April 6— Ger ship Siam, from Oregon.
COLON— Sailed April s— Stmr Finance, for
New York.
HONGKONG— SaiIed April 6— Haw stmr As
tec. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 6— Stmr Vic
toria, from Tacoma.
PETERHEAD— April s— Br ship Sar
domene, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived March Bark Alden
Besse. hence March 5. March 23— Jap war stmr
Chitose, hence March 21; stmr Alameda, hence
March 23. March 30— Schr Spokane, from Port
Gamble. March 31— Schr A M Baxter, from
Everett; stmr MariDosa, from Sydney; stmr
China, hence March 25; stmr City of Puebla,
hence March 24, for Manila.
Sailed March 25— Jap stmr Hongkong Mara,
for Yokohama; Haw shir 1 Star of Russia, for
Royal Roads; bktn W H Dlmond. for San Fran
cisco. March — Jap stmr Nippon Maru, for
I San Francisco. March — Br stmr Shantung,
for San Diego. March Bark Mohican, for
San Francisco; Jap stmr Kee Lung Maru, for
Yokohama: stmr Conemaugh, for Manila; schr
Aloha, for San Francisco. March 29— Bktn Jane
L Stanford, for San Francisco: stmr Alameda,
for Sydney. March Nor ship Hercules, for
Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Feb Schr
Lizzie Vance, for Eureka. Feb 22— Br ship
i Ancona, for Manila. Feb 24— chip Hydera
bad, for San Francisco. Feb Schr W H Tal
bot, for Honolulu. Feb 2S— Schr Wm Bowden,
for Kahului March I— Bktn Geo C Perkins,
for Honolulu. March 4— Ship John C Potter,
for Honolulu. March S— Br ship Ardencraig.
for San Francisco. March 14— Haw ship John
Ena, for San Francisco. March — Schr Inca,
for Honolulu.
In port March 15— Fr bark Admiral Troude,
for San Francisco; bark Colusa. for Honolulu;
schr Golden Shore, for Honolulu; Ital bark
Mario, for San Francisco: bktn Robert Sudden,
for Honolulu; Br ship Sprineburn. for San
Francisco.
Chartered to load— Bark Colusa. for Honolulu;
schr Golden Shore, for Honolulu; Haw ship
Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu; bark Louisiana,
for Honolulu: ship Reaper, for Honolulu; bktn
Robert Sudden, for Honolulu; ship Yosemite
for Honolulu; Br ship Port Logan, for San
Diego; Fr bark Admiral Troude. for San Fran
cisco: bark Carrollton, for San Francisco; Br
ship Earl of Dunmore, for San Francisco; ship
Eclipse, for San Francisco; ship El well, for San
Francisco; Chil ship Euterpe, for San Fran
cisco; ship Florence, for San Francisco; bark;
Gen Falrchild, for San Francisco; bark Har
vester, for San Francisco; ship Hecla, for San
Francisco; Br ship Howth. for San Francisco-
Br bark Invercoe. tor San Francisco; ship"
James Nesmlth. for San Francisco; Br ship
Kate Thomas, for San Francisco; Ital bark
Mario, for San Francisco: bark Noeml. for San
Francisco: bark Palmyra, for San Francisco;
ship Port Patrick, for San Francisco: Br ship
Royal Forth, for San Francisco: bark Seminole
for San Francisco; Br ship Sprlnßburn, for Ban
Francisco; Chil ship Star of Italy, for San
Francisco.
KAHULUI— SaiIed March 24— Schr Falcon, for
Honoipu.
•HANA— Sailed March 22— Schr Allen A for
San Francisco. ■ ; .-'
MAHUKONA— Arrived March 22— Schr Eva.
from Honolulu. •
Sailed March 24— Schr Eva, for San Fran-
™ DEAI T~ P ? S9ed Aprll 7— Ship R D Rico," *"*<»
, Nov 9. for London.- • . *GUALALA WON
THE HANDICAP
AT OAKLAND
Led Mary Black Over
the Line.
TWO FAVORITES IN FRONT
PLOWER OF GOLD HAS A PROM
ISING FUTURE.
Montanus Took the Opening Event at
Odds — Winifred Was
Overlooked — Frank Jaubert
Finally Scored.
A rapprpd-looking menu, with here and
there a digestible racing: morsel, caused
the betting to drag along in a drowsy
manner at Oakland yesterday. The
plunging was confined among the layers
of rkdds themselves. From heat and other
causes the favorites suffered terribly,
two only getting to the. wire first.
The six funong handicap had some pre
sumptions to class, with Mary Black,
Kublenn and Gualala amnnc; the starters.
The first named more was Installed fa
vorite In the books, but Gualala led al
from the atari
choice out half a lenprth In 1:14%.
The fast filly Maud Fenruson waa In
stalled an odds-on choir.' for the first
race, but seems to h;; form, and
ran unplaced. Catcl ia in the
stretch, Ivy V ■■ lie 1* 1
shot, Montanus, winner, carter
Harrison : the running
fho wed h; -
On I howing made in
a har. ' Billy McCloskey
was al" for the
mile and a I affair. Opening
Tin e\ receded to 7 to
F> ar;. : the! Winifred, the
was away first and never
m Rapldo. The
1 in the ring.
Th. T-- 1 were numerous scratches in the
ramble, making it look a
•■<- ; <;■ Id, with Jones I
'he fllly had a pronounced '
call Ii ad ppreadeagled her j
was going away at '
ling the place from Loch
Katrine by a i
sixteen maidens started
in tl vent, at five and a half
gs. Tullamore closed a Blight fa
nd the pair fought It
ring the wire the latter tirod
Tullamore then forged ahead,
g the fast coming Henry C a half
to 1 shot, Cavallo, came very
setting the verdict in the second I
: furlong race. Indeed, many
. win. After making the :
pace from the start Frank Jaubert came !
with a rush nearing the wire and was I
the verdict. The latter was heav- |
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, April 7, 1899.—Sixty-sixth day
of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
N F. SMITH, Presiding judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, SUrter.
OOO FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str. Fin.
Jockeys.
P17 Montanus 107 5 ... 84 8 1 14 1 24 I. Powell 8 12
?83 G^nua 1*2 ' 2 ... 11 11 21 21 W. Narvaez.. 12 25
614 Jennie Reid 102 1 ... 7 10 6 3 El 3 h Lbuilller ..... 15 60
925 Maud FergruFon 105 I ... 21 44 84 4h Jones 6-5 7-10
92") C. H. Harrison Jr.. 107 4 ... 41 2% 41 Bl Garland 6 6
(S*3) Juva 102 3 ... 6>4 74 8364 Mounce 6 10
SOS Paintly 104 7 ... 5 1 6 1 7 10 7 15 J. Daly 12 23
€91 Bland 107 8 ... 8 8 8 8 O'Brien 100 BOO
S39 Ach 110] • ... ... ... ... ... [Jenkins ....... 3 7
Time— M, :244; %. :364; %, 1:01%. "Winner, W. D. Randall's b. c. by Montana-Flirt.
Good start except Ach. Won first three driving.
Powell has finally ptruck a winning gait. He rode %i steady, persevering race on the
winner. Genua stopped near the close. The favorite lacked speed. Harrison was poorly
handled. No play r,n Saintly. ,
Scratched— Anchored 107, Jerry Hunt 107, Flamula 104, Sidelong 107.
8 12
12 25
15 60
6-5 7-10
5 6
6 10
12 25
100 500
3 7
OQQ BECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
«^O€7» purse, $400.
1
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Rlex. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
932 Winifred. 8 86] 5
MS Rapldo. a 1071 3
531 Billy McCloskey, 6.-.110] 7
P12 Reolla, 4 1011 S
SS9 Mr.rana. 4 105| 2
!M5 Byrnn Crocs, 4 103! "5
622 University, a 110( I
«72 Durward, 4 1091 1
S19 Judge Wofford. 8... S3| •
St. Std. Hm.
6td.
2 14
4 1
3 4
8
72
6 14
1 h
6 1
%m-
1 4
4 2
824
8
7 6
5 1*
6 1
4m.
4m.
1 4
8 1
2 *
8 "
* 4
7 2
5 1
6 4
14m.
"Jim.
1 1
3 2
2 4
6 2
4 2
E 4
7 1
8
Etr.
Str.
14
2 8
3 2
4 1
5 2
6 3
7 5
8
Fin.
Fin. I Jockeys.
1 1 Hal Brown....
2 6 Ames
3 Vi Jones
4 5 IMounce
5 10 Jenkins ...
6 4 W. Narva
7 8 Rouillier
8 Glover I
... J. Reiff
4
6
1
2
10
n
20
10
6
7
8
8-2
5
40
12
60
20
4
•Left. '
Time-14. :24«4: 4, :F0: %.. 1:16: %. 1:80; mile. 1:43; 1H miles. 1:68. Winner. E Corrigan's
b. f. by RHey-Connle B. Good start except Judge Wofford. Won first three driving.
Winifred was all out. Rapldo finally hit his own sort. Reolla badly rated.
Q4O THIRD KACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
I
Index. Horse. Weight. St.
C927) Flower of Gold 103 1
?27 Rachel C 90 8
P2S Loch Katrine 1<K 2
?27 Flush of Gold 95l 7
£27 Ble Hr.m -.r 9
8«8 Galrne SO 8
904 Gispto f>3 f 5
S03 Palapa POi 8
... Tr»= Jolle 103! 4
... NVttie Clark 95110
Weteht. j
V4m.
...
Hm.
3*
4m.
%m.
TV
B4
2 1
3 4
7 S
4 1
6 1
I
9
10
Km.
Ptr.
1 3
B 1
3 4
4 h
6 1
2 h
7
8
9
10
Str.
I Bettl
Fin. I Jockeys. Op.
1 4 IE. Jones 1-2
2 ns J. Daly 7
3 h 1 Hennessy 3
3 2 IGray 10.
6 1 (Mounce 10
f 4 (Ranch 20
7 1 ICoburn 20
* 3 [Mills 30
9 8 !W. Narvaez.. 30
10 iLoullllcr ' 40
Fin.
Jockeys.
:ln K .
Cl.
3-5
8
4
IB
30
EO
M
50
100
Tlmr— U. ---''K: 4. ■iWi- Winner, W. B. Jennings' Ch. f. by Imp. Goldflnch-Fleurette.
Good dart. Won pullinpr up. Second and third driving.
Flower of Gold In a hl*h cIrss flllv. She spread-eagled her field. Flush of Gold and
BlK Horn both ran promi=1ntr raccB. Galene tired the last few yards.
Scratched— Pythia 85, Limerick 90, Kolena 90, Aborigine 95. Alary*s Garter 101, Allanette
B5, Catulua S3. Ned Dennis 90.
CtAt FOURTH RACE— and a half furlongs; maiden three-year-olds and upward:
tJnrl* purse, 1400.
Index. Horse Age. Weight.
1st
14m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
?2<! Tuilamore, 5 107! 5
<•:« Henry C. 4 110! 1
818 Folstfce, 3 103! 2
sw Melkarth, 4 1071 7
7C5 Bleepy Jane, 5 lOSt 4
879 irnlah 3 102' 3
*'<* S'llhau. 4 lns'ifi
W0 Peach Blossom, 8... 100 13
7S<5 Nuncomar, 5 .... 107 12
... Mldla, I 100! 5
. C 7'- Alhaja. 3 lOfli 8
720 Btrombollta, 3 100!ll
COS Gotho. 4 107:10
... Rio Glenn. 4 1071 9
... Moonsall, 8 107115
>32 Cynaaroo. 3 .....: . . .10o;i4
2 2
6 2
1 1
I?
4 1
»
10
11
12
IS
14
15
7 H
11
8 2
2 14
4 1
1 14
9 1
8 1
54
10
7 1'
11
* 4
15
12
13
6 1
11
14
1 4 'I. Powell I 7-5
2 h Glover 8
3 2 'Jones 3
4 2 Gray 15
6 2 ICoburn 10
6 1 W. Narvaez.. 15
7 2 Hennessy .... 15
.83. Jenkins 15
9 1 Hahn 20
10 2 Mounce 20
11 2 Weber I 15
12 Dletro I 10
13 J. Ward I 15
14 Garland I 3
15 . J. Power ! 20
16 Holmes | 20
8-5
15
9-5
15
8
25
IS
30
50
flO
25
100
100
20
100
20
Time— 1-J?. :07H: 7-16. B%: BVfef, 1:094. Winner, W. D. Randall's ch. g. by Inspector B-
Turm<>rle. Good start. Won first three driving.
Tull*mor« won on sheer gameness. Henry C was closing fast. Solstice hustled too
much first part.
-Midlothian 105. Florence Fink 100.
Q4O FIFTH RACE One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and
upward;
Index, Hr.rse. Ape. Weight. 1st. Std. Vim.
InifT }lrr«o Arc WoiuM'St. Btd. '«m.
Hm.
%m.
Rtr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Bettln*.
!Op. Cl.
__ 1 • — «»--
913 Frank Jaubert, 6..m7! -
930 Cavalln. » j(,7! 2
$92 ■ nnnwan, 3 51' 1
• 7TC Peter II, a 1101 5
f>07 '••da, 6 VC\ 3
815 Una Colorado, n.. K>7! 8
f]J( MeFarlani\ a intl 4
S30 nlto, 4 101 a
91S Adam Andrew. S...noj 3
7 1
23
8 i
4 h
1 h
5 '/,
n
9
7 1 7 >*
1 14 1 h
6 h 3 4
8 1 S3
2 h 6 2
5h 5 h
3 14 4 h
4 1 2 1
9 9
6 4
1 4
4 h
7 4
5 H
3 h
8
2 1
9
7 2
1 4
2 1
3 4
4 1
64
8
51
9
1 ns IMcNlchols ...
2 na iHahn
8 »4 !J. Relff
4 3 [Jones
5 2 Gray
6 3 Jenkins
7 3 Macklin ......
8 6 I. Powell
9 ICoburn
6
12
t
2
I
4
15
4
15
5
25
3
9-5
20
7
30
7
50
■ ■%: %. 1:3d: mile. 1:43%; IHm, 1:56%. Winner. A. Shields'
K R. by The Rar<l-H<>pl and Toe. Good *tart. Won flr«t three driving.
ravallo looked to have won. .Taubprt found his class. Annowan was much the best
Relff "scrambled the eggs. Jones laid T>ut of It tno long with Peter. Bonlta ran well
O43 PIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
%m.
8tr.
Fin.
(f=74) Gualala. 3 '■•■'• 1
f7S5) Mary Blnck, 4 IIS 4
■ «'. r monde, 4 ''" 8
*77 Rubicon, a 116 1
Ucaltl, 4.... S2i 8
SIR Mldllght. 5 94| 6
1 2
3 1
4 3
2 h
6
5 h
1 1
22
4 1
' 3 4
6 4
6
1 1
2 1
3 4
4 1
6 8
6
1 4 McNIchols ... B-2 13-5
2 4 J. Relff 2 11-5
3 1 Gray 6-2 8 •
4 4 Hennessy 3 4
B 10 (Hills 10 10
6 IJoe Weber.... 18 15
Time— %. :2*%: 4, ■■**%; %. 3:"%. Winner, Marcus Daly's ch. t. by imp. Goidflnch-
Klas Me Quick. Good start. Won first three driving.
Mary Black was best. Relff went to pieces.
Scratched— LI mewater 90. Jinks 98.
ily backed, while Cavallo was practically,
friendless.
Track Notes.
Colorado Springs will hold a race meet- |
ing, commencing May 29, and lasting four j
days. 0i
For his Indifferent rides on Juva . and
: Reolia, Mounce was set down for incom
-1 petency.
Wonders will never cease. Powell pilot
ed two and McNlchols a like number of
winners yesterday. May Gabriel s trum
pet be sounded every day. -rrr,,,,
A car containing the horses of Willie
Sink and Q. W. Scott left for New York
last evening, attached to the overland.
Mr. Scott Intends to pick up some purses
with San Mateo.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward. _; "-''
876 Einstein 103 j 919 None Such 108
. 924 Harry Thoburn.lo7' '"' 1 Ed Lanigan 91
810 Roulette Wheel. lol 872 Heritage 107
SS9 Vim 101, S9O Noma 86
930 New Moon 105 902 Dolore ... 105
600 Fortls ..88' 930 Meadow Lark... 107
941 Henry C 10«! 924 Loch Ness 110
906 Don Vallejo 107 596 Polaski .... 107
810 Lorena II 1031 980 Silver State 105
Second Rare— On* and an eighth miles; three-
y 9°l4 r T ) he S Fretter.!...loSl 929 Farersham 106
ho Whaleback 106 986 CrossmoHna, ....in
875 Espionage 105 937 Mcrops 112
892 Dunpraise 106
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing- three-year-olds and upward.
923 Benamela 108 j 914 Hohenzollern ...115
912 Tom Calrert....lo7'(923)Wyomlng 112
933 Be Happy W2; 898 Castake 103
<-;*> Glen Anne 102 j 898 Sir Urlan... 91
923 Roadrunner 113
Fourth Race — Four miles: th* Ingleslde
i Rakes; $3nOO.
(507) The Bachelor 126 912 Robert Banner. .los
875 Sardonic 107 834 Lady Hurst 105
' 931 Charlie Relf 100 (912)Vlncitor 105
i Fifth Race— furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: Felling.
' 920 Heigh Ho 99 875 Plan 101
$20 Al 104 932 Bueno 104
913 Peixorto 109 ! 932 Formella. .... 99
P35 Ringmaster I«4' 936 Guilder 101
931 P. A. Finnegan.lo4! 929 Montallade 104
Plxth Rare— One mile; handicap.
987 Hush Penny 115 901 Ollnthus 95
(93!) Topmast 110 923 Roadrunner 80
PIS Torsida 93 937 Morlnjra 98
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Dolore, Harry Thoburn. Ulm.
Second Race— Espionage, Merops. The Fret
ter.
Third Race— "Wyoming, Hohenzollern, Bena
mela.
Fourth Race— The Bachelor, Vlncltor, Charlie
Relr.
Fifth Race— Pelxotto, Montallade, Guilder.
Sixth Race— Penny, Torsida, Topmast.
AMONG THE BATSMEN.
Country Cricket Clubs Join the Cali
fornia Association.
Lake County cricketers are looking for- I
ward to a good season this year. At its
annual meeting hold last month the Burns
| Valley Cricket Club elected the following |
| officers: W. S. Bayton, president; R. ;
i White, vice president; G. E. Webber, cap- i
| tain; T. W. Beakbane, secretary and treas- ;
] urer; H. P. H. Haggitt and E. E. Gray, :
j members of committee. In addition to
the above named, the following will play:
R. Beale. W. Turner, J. P. Davis, G. I
Jones, James Purves, R. Anderson and J. |
Palmer. R. B. Brown will officiate as
scorer and G. Turner and G. Wood as urn- '
plres. The Burns Valley cricketers have '■
' a new ground at Lower Lake landing. It
i has lately been leveled and rolled, and the .
i wicket will be one of the best and truest '
iin the State. The Bums Valley Cricket
I Club has Joined the California Cricket j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
Association, but has not yet elected Its
delegates.
The Lakeport Cricket Club held Its an
nual meeting at the Hotel Giselman,
j Lakeport, on March 29. with Charles Mif-
I flin Hammond, president. In the chair.
] There was a large attendance of members.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: Charles Mifflln Ham
mond, president; Judge R. W. Crump,
Captain W. B. Collier, A. W. Johnson,
John P. Moore. Joseph Craig and Godwin
Scudamore, vice presidents; Herbert V.
Keeling, captain and secretary; F. A.
Greene, treasurer. It was decided that
the Lakeport Cricket Club should join tho
California Cricket Association, and W.
O. Edmands and Allen H. Spurr were
elected delegates thereto. The reports of
tho secretary and of the treasurer
fhowed that the club was in a thoroughly
sound and flourishing condition. Vice
President A. W. Johnson, who is now in
England, has offered a bat as a prize for
the best batting average obtained during
the season. The Lakeport men are do
: slrous that a team of San Francisco crick
j eters should visit Lake County this year
and hope themselves to visit this city in
the year 1900. No team from Lake County
has visited San Francisco since 1895. All
last season's players will be on hand this
year except H. E. Hudson, who has gone
to Fresno. H. S. Rose, the fast bowler,
who did such good service In 1898, will
j play this year, and the team bids fair to
be fully as strong as last year's eleven,
i which was never beaten. All the eleven
j are American citizens and most of them
j learned the game in Lake County. Tho
i first match will be played against Burns
Valley about May 1.
The Santa Cruz County Club intends to
play cricket, but has not yet secured a
suitable ground. The San Jose club has
been much weakened by the death or
removal of several members, so that it
may not be able to make up an eleven this
yenr. The annual meeting was to have
been held last month, but no news of it
has yet been received.
The Mountain Copper Company Cricket
I Club of Keswick, Shasta County, recently
i held a general meeting, at which it waa
! unanimously decided to join the California
1 Cricket Association, R. N. Truman and
! T. W. G. Wallace being elected delegates
j to that body.
President Edward Brown of the Call-
I fornia Cricket Association left Philadel-
I phia on April 1 for Great Britain, via
] Italy, Switzerland, etc. While absent the
: president will see several of the gTeat
matches, such as All England versus Aus
tralia, Gentlemen versus Players, Surrey
versus Yorkshire, etc.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific
Cricket Club A. W. Wilding, Thomas
j Turner, W. G. Selwood and William Mc-
I Donald were elected members.
TROUT FISHING IS
IMPROVING DAILY
ANGLERS WHO HAD GOOD SPORr
RECENTLY.
Warm Weather Will Bring Forth In
sect Life, and the Stream
Whippers Will Feel
Happy.
The anglers who took advantage of the
first day of the trout fishing season and
tramped through coast streams in quest
of small Bteelheads, did not meet with
very good success, as the creeks wero
too high and the fish were gorged with
food.
The past week of warm weather will
vastly improve the sport, and fly-fishing
should be good on the Lagunitas and Pa
per-mill in Marin County and the So
noma, Pieta and Big Sulphur creoks in
Sonoma County. The Los Gatos and its
tributaries should also prove worthy of
a good whipping after another week of
sunshine.
Austin Creek, which empties Into Rus
sian River near Duncans Mills, has been
famous up to recent years for the excel
lent sport It afforded visiting anglers.
For the past two or three seasons Aus
tin has fooled many lovers of trout fish
ing, and the Fish Commissioners con
cluded to investigate the cause of the
scarcity of trout in that beautiful stretch
of rippling water. As already stated in
The Call, -Messrs. Babcock and Wilson of
the commission made a tour of Inspec
tion last Sunday and captured three na
tives in the act of dynamiting the pools.
This fact explains the reason for the
scarcity of trout in tha stream, and it i.s
hoped the transgressors of the law will
he punished severely for the offense. The
trial of the fish destroyers will take
place to-day at Santa Rosa.
John Butler, Lloyd Eaton, Frank Mar
cus and Professor Terry returned last
Monday from San Gregoire Creek. They
reported that the watur was too high,
and that fishing will not be good for a
few weeks.
One hundred and fifty anglers, includ
ing the regulars and volunteers, fished
the I .agunitas and Paper-mill creeks last
Sunday with varying success. The run
of ii.sh takc-n wa.s small, but there are
several nice-sized trout in the streams
which will put in an appearance in the
baskets of the experts when the creeks
will have, run clear and low.
Fred Johnson caught a nice mess of
fish in Suscol Creek, near Monterey.
Frenchmen who are stationed at Toca
loma have been persistently fishing Pa
per-mill Creek since the Ist' inst.
"Billy" Kittle caught a beautiful mess
of trout in the Country Club lakes last
Sunday. Among the varieties taken were
Loch Leven, cutthroat and rainbow. Two
of the Loch Levents weighed one pound
each.
A member of the Country Club, or at
least a man who has the privilege of
shooting and fishing on the club's pre
serve, caught 125 so-called Irout in Okina
and Bear valley creeks last Sunday, and
the average size of the fingerlings was
three inches.
The following communication is self
explanatory:
Sporting Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
Fishing on Paper-mill and Lagunltas creeks on
the opening day and Sunday was fairly good
considering the large number of anglers who
patronized them. »
The streams were somewhat high for fly fish
ing, but the majority dispensed salmon roe,
shrimps and worms with lavish hand.
The largest fish caught on the opening day
was a six-pound steelhead, and Billy Chambers
must be credited with the best basket. He had
forty-six trout, all over eight Inches, and quite
a number twelve and fourteen Inches. R. E.
A. laenbruck also hud a fine lot of fish. Kewell,
Kennedy and "Wax End" Mead were not very
successful on the Lagunltas. Their complaint
was that about fifteen antlers got an early
start and kept In front of them trie entire trip
down from Libertvß, taking the center of the
stream.
A. B. Finch and Fred B. Surrhyne expect to
whip Lagunltas next Sunday. As this will be
Surrhyne Initial trip it will be well for Finch
to keejo out of harm's way ami either send
Surrhyne on ahead or lose him.
The fishing should be good next Sunday. A
royal coachman, March brown and a gray
hackle peacock body will be good (lies to use.
"TREESPBON."
AMONG THE OARSMEN.
Formation of a Western Rowing As
sociation Being Discussed.
The absorbing topic of discussion
among the oarsmen Is the approaching
convention of delegates from the various
rowing clubs. A circular has been sent
to the clubs around San Francisco, and
to those at Stockton, San Diego, Ta
coma, Seattle, Portland, Victoria, Van
couver and other places, requesting each
to send three representatives to a meet
ing to be held in Justice of the Peace
Barry's courtroom Tuesday evening,
April IS. The purposes of the meeting are
to discuss the future of rowing on the
Pacific Coast, and the means to be em
ployed to carry out a successful rowing
season in 1889; the advisability of form
ing a new organization controlling row
ing only, or of joining the Nationa-. Asso
ciation of Amateur Oarsmen, and the
advantages of withdrawing from the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union.
The Alameda Boat Club and the South
End Rowing Club are the chief support
ers of the movement and will certainly
propose that the rowing men withdraw
from the Pacific Association. The former
club has for two years belonged to the
National Association of Amateur Oars
men. The Pioneers and Ariels are strong
ly in favor of standing by the P. A A
ahd the former will send no delegates to
the convention. The Ariels, after con
siderable discussion, have decided to send
Howe. McGinnis and Nolan as their rep
resentatives. The Dolphins are divided
In their opinions, the older members be
ing disposed to support the P. A. A., and
some of the younger members favoring
tho formation of a rowing association
Some of the Tritons favor the new idea
while the attitude of the Olympics is
doubtful. The advocates of tho new idea
quote a letter of James E. Sullivan, sec
retary of tho Amateur Athletio Union,
in which he says: "The A. A. U. does
not control amateur rowing. We have
nothing to do with regattas; that is left
to the National Association of Amateur
Oarsmen." At the next monthly meeting
of the board of managers of the P. A. A.
there will come up for adoption an
amendment to the constitution to tne
effect that the P. A. A. assumes juris
diction over rowing, baseball, indoor
ba.seball, boxing and other sports. Those
who are opposed to this amendment say
that for a subordinate body, such as the
P. A. A. is, to attempt to enlarge its
jurisdiction and to assume control over
matters in which the higher body from
which its own existence is derived ex
ercises none is logically absurd, and re
minds one of a man trying to hoist him
self up by his own bootstraps.
The managers of the P. A. A. say the
oarsmen here need some higher local
body to which to refer disputes, without
the necessity of sending to an authority
far away in the Eastern States, unfamil
iar with local conditions. They assert,
moreover, that the oarsmen have pros
pered under the P. A. A., and that the
experiment of forming a rowing associa
tion has been tried before and has failed.
The oarsmen complain that money con
tributed by them is expended upon track
and field days for athletes, to which the
managers of the P. A. A. reply th^*
money is made at field days which goes
to provide prizes for rowing regattas.
W. Dupli3sca was slightly wounded in
the shoulder and T. Lynch severely in
the arm during the recent fighting near
Manila. Both are South. End oarsmen
and members of Battery G, Third United
States Artillery.
CITY GOLFERS WILL
PLAY AT OAKLAND
THE SECOND HOME AND HOME
MATCH TO-DAY.
Names and Rank of the Eight Cham
pions of the Oakland and San
Francisco Clubs.
Last Saturday was a busy day both on
the Oakland and the Presidio links, many
players being out practicing for the sec
ond home and home match between teams
representing the San Francisco and Oak
land Golf clubs, which begins this after
noon. At the Presidio S. L. Abbott Jr.,
H. Babcock, J. w. Byrne and H. D. Pills
bury entered the April competition for
the Liverpool silver medal, but made no
returns: E. J. McCutchen, Worthington
Ames, Leonard Chenery and several
others were also at the links. The course
had dried out from the thorough soaking
it recently received, and the heavy roller
was being put over the green, which will
be in good condition for the visit of the
Oakland players on Saturday, April 15.
On the Oakland links last Saturday the
fifth tournament oi the season for the la
dies' cup was held, the contestants being
Miss L. Moffltt, Miss A. Moffltt, Mrs. W.
P. Johnson. Miss Deane, Miss Belle
Mhoon and Miss Agnes Duff. In the first
round Miss Belle Mhoon defeated Miss L.
Momtt 2 up; Miss Deane beat Mrs. John
son 4 up, and Miss a. Moffltt won 8 up
from Miss Duff. In the second round
Miss A. Moflitt defeated Miss Deane 4 up
and 3 to play. Miss Mhoon drawing the
bye. In the final round Mies A. Moffltt
defeated Miss Mhoon 4 up and 3 to play
and won the tournament. The previous
winners are Miss Dunham. Miss A. Duff
and Miss A. Moffltt. Miss Dunham being
at present out of California, the final
tournament, to be held in three or four
ween.B, will he between Miss Duff and
Miss A_ Moffltt, each of whom has won
twice. The winner will become entitled
to tho absolute ownership of the ladies'
cup.
On the same day at Oakland, R. Cooke
and W. A. Magee defeated K. M. Fitz
gerald and Arthur Goodall 1 up, and won
the men's foursomes, eighteen hole*,
match play, which were begun March 4.
An elghteen-hole match was played be
tween two sides of four players each, the
winners to be entertained at dinner by
the losers. The side made up of J. A.
Folger, G. D. Greenwood, Prestes Pierce
and H. F. Knikwles won 1 up, from the
side composed of R. M. Fitzgerald, W. P.
Johnson, Arthur Goodall and E. R. Fol-
ger.
This afternoon the second home and
home match between two teams of eight
men representing the Oakland and San
Francisco Golf clubs will begin on the
Adams Point links. Each captain has al
ready furnished the other with a list of
players, giving to each a number indi
cating his rank in the team; piayers with
corresponding numbers will strike against
each other. If either club falls to appear
with a full team, the other club may
drop from ita list any player designated
by tho captain and the club that fails
to appear with a full team win be pen
alized two holes for each player it lacks.
The scores of the game to be played at
Oakland to-day and of the game to be
played in this city on Saturday, April 15,
will be added together. The San Fran
cisco team having won the contest held
on December 10 and 17, 189S, the trophy
is now held by the city club; and if it
should be again victorious the trophy will
become the permanent possession of th»
San Francisco Golf Club. But If th»
Oakland team is victorious a tie will re
sult, and will be played off May 13 on the
links of a third club, if the use of them
can be obtained. The trophy is a hand
some three-handled silver loving cup, to
the purchase of which each club con
tributed |25. The conditions of the match
were drawn up by William Thomas on
behalf of the San Francisco Golf Club
and by P. E. Bowles on behalf of the
Oakland Golf Club. Each club is to sup
ply eight scorers, whose duty it will be to
see that the rules of the game are ob
served. The irrepressible caddie is not to
approach within six feet of the ball and
spectators are to stand at the respectful
distance of twenty-five, yards from the
putting greens and teeing grounds.
Following is the make-up of the San
Francisco team, according to rank: S. L.
Abbott Jr., Dr. C. T. Hfbbetts, H. Bab
cock, H. D. Pillsbury, J. W. Byrne, II
B. Goodwin, C. Page and E. J." McCut
chen. The Oakland team is as follows:
B. R. Folger, G. D. Greenwood, K. M
Fitzgerald, C. P. Hubbard, D. F. Belden
J. C. McKee, R. A. Cooke and J. A. Fol
ger. The San Francisco eight is com
posed of the same players as last yea*
except that H. B. Goodman takes the
place of Lieutenant Games Roberts. R.
A. Cooke and D. F. Belden are the new
members of the Oakland team. Play will
commence at 2 p. m. Neither captain,
though entitled to do so, has named any
substitutes.
IN THE COURSING FIELD.
Two Great Stakes to Be Run Off at
Union Park.
Another great stake will be run at |
Union Park to-day and to-morrow, and I
owing: to the immense number of dog's en
tered the management decided to divide i
the stake Into an open stake of eighty j
nominations, and an overflow or extra
stake of thirty-two nominations. The I
extra stake will be. run off, commencing (
at 11 o'clock to-day, and one round will
be finished by recess. On the arrival of
the 12:55 train from the city the open
stake will be run down once, and a sec
ond round of the extra stake will be de
cided before evening. The big stake is
the highest class event ever run in Amer
ica, the dogs even outclassing those who
ran in the John Grace cup several weeks
ago. All the old-time favorites are In the
running, Including Connemara, the Bucks,
Maud S, Blackette,Flrm Friend. Metallic,
Flush and Royal Flush, and many other
greyhounds who have won honors galore
on the sward. Picking the ultimate win
ner is a difficult proposition, but Conne
mara and Maud S have the call in the
long-odds book. The uncertainties of
coursing, however, may develop a rank
outsider, but this seems hardly possible in
view of the class of dogs entered.
The capacity of Union Park to-day and
to-morrow will be taxed to its utmost by
the big crowd sure to be present.
' ' ■ ■ m ■
EXPERT SWIMMERS.
Young Atnletes Who Will Meet in
Competition at Sutros.
Following are the entries for the swim
ming tournament which will be held at
Sutro Baths on Sunday:
50-yard dash, novice— E. McKenale, J. Carroll
B. Emerick. A. Beyfues, G. Adler, H. Mo-
Kenzle.
50-yard dash. Juvenile— H. Dougherty, W.
Hurley, H. Irving. H. Beebach, W. Connolly
D. Harris. C. Donovan.
High diving for boys— T. Guerln, O. Beyfusn
M. Sullivan, V. Freechtle, C. Donovan, B.
Emerick.
Obstacle race through small tanks — G
O'Brien, W. Hurley. C. Strohlin, J. Benson
R. Dahl, F. dough, J. A. Jackson.
Trapeze diving— Open to all.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving— D. Mc-
Cann, H. Brandon, B. Kmerlck, G. O'Brien
T. Guerln, J. Carroll.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Baventh «t.. corner Mission. Bait watar,
direct from ocean.
(
" : ADVERTISEMENTS.
TBS^TE^CUmTYT
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
tear signature of /^Lw^^/
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar*
SFF !^nTrn>! FOR HEADACHE. epp
SLL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. L
rrwFivr ®ITTLE FOR BILIOUSMESS. rrvTrtvc
GENUINE HIVE-D FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
i PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR i M FOR SALLOW skin. WRAPPFR
WKAtTtK ItfHi—ffli [FOR THE COMPLEXION nKArrLK -
-25 Cent* I Purely Vegetai>le v /£%sw*«s3£'«>i*S
"FRIZSTTEID O2ST R,EID PAPER."
M 935 sold in MARCH. |
k| BICVGLES I
■ TROS. H. B. TARIET. Market ft. 11th, S.F. I
jfeia Open Wednesday & Saturday evenings.
DEALERS a
EVERYWHERE /^WV
should carry a «£||§&. / / >^Ja4 \i
Wright & Ditson's k)
Celebrated LAWN TENNIS W
Special prices granted to -^&S^S?^v
dealers carrying full line. w<l^L^^^»v
Write for Trade-List ff^^mmmm *^SK\
and special quotations. M J.. ''ffls&\
A neat Catalogue ' »i^//^2^B|i
mailed to players on ap- m^y^J^«BSl
plication. WsLi^^P"*??!®®?/
Official Tennis Guide, \Sjp ,"*fijfwS/
by mall, 10 cents. xjS££sfc!M?V
Wright & Ditson,
Lawn Tennis Factory, Wakefield, Mass.
-rgj|||s||g|^-^ Doctor
W^^IMEYERS
>X fffi *X T 'SK*>' They have tho larcrtt &nd
Z^ \lv\. '^MmT^V^i Ud»lt« practice in th« U. 8.
Hi ilVo r " r TUI Ccred#
ffiWf V nß*(llra^ ™Vw ( ' | r' llE »t' m ' n wh ° c »°-
-■ STABLtSHCO IT YEARS. _ A IX FRBB.
Tnonundi cured at borne:
An l«tten «mfi<s«nti*h No Charge for Consultation.
7QI MARKET ST., ) -.. . _
. 101 SAN FBASCISCO [ Elcvat#r Entrance.
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
Dealers in Firearms.
W^M^^ **^ Fishing Tackle, and
j^^^ Sporting Goods of Kvfiry Des.
criptfon. Highest Cash Prices
?uitl for Raw Furs.
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO JVOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! Tho Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very ,
worst eases of Nervous Debility are
absolutely cured by PJEKFJECTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, falling memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers. incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear!y years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give y^snv bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to th» eyes of younfr or old.
One Me box renews vital energy A' boxes at
f.!.i;o a complete rdeme nnWor money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrice by Till: I'KRFECTO CO.. Cation flld(r., Chifitgo, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co., a F. ana Oakland.
,
IWI— IWII ■!■■ II —
' I hayo uniformly found that
RDH lif fti'C Bronchia!
DnUfff II O Troches
- afford relief."— Rev. Henry Wilkesi
Montreal.
In boxes only— Avoid imitations.
LADIES m you not
t-S^T DR. FELIX LE BRUN'S
w^ a Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
J' 3iß the original and only FRENCH,
, i [ safe and reliable care on the mar-
y **^rket. Price, $1.00; seat by moil.
r > Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBKNDEK & CO.. Sot* Agent*.
£14 Kearuy at.. Ban Francisco.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S «-«
i^^ Museum of Anatomy
1 &§l§i\ 1051 HABSZT ST. tot. 6th & 7th, 3. F. CaL
QTI | The Largest ofiti kind In t!.» World.
«^i»i DR - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
|C WVB - 11 CangnUatien free. Write for B**k
vi I of Marriage.
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MetufpJm *>2o K EABK V ST. Established
VSri r Sal Id I B3 * f °r the treatment of Private
§ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KKABS V ST. P:Rtabll9he<l
in 1834 /or the treatment of Private
Dlseawft, l^oet Manhnud. Debility or
•*«SS!fMM3S dlseasp wearlngon bodyandrnindnt'.cl
iJi gKN fikln Diseases. rhedoctorßureswhcn
others fall. Try him. Charges low
fciSSSSuSKaa ('nre«B;uur»n(f<>ijl. Cullorwrlta
»r. J. Wm [BBOS. Box 2937. San Franclsca
; OCILkN TRAVEL.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
■ NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— PARIS— HAMBURG.
• BEGIi>M>G APRIL 29th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For . sailings, •- etfc., apply to • HAMBUKO-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOO & CO., Gen. Ajrtß. Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
• US Montgomery *t., San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
it — . — ... -*~.^~~~-.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Lj. Steamers leave Broadway
■-■^•s^. ■wharf. San Francisco:
EKikSs^v or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
g^SfQNgjsw Apr. 1. 6. 11, 18, 21, 26. May 1:
' f.4kESM&A change at Seattle.
I HRJMi^aa For Victoria, Vancouver fa
KSaS!«S<Bl!2ai C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^*&M*v!ga Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
** 10 a. m., Apr. 1, 6, 11. 18. it
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Apr. 4.
i 9 14. 19, 24, 29, May 4. and every fifth day
i thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
i Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m.. Apr. 2, '6. 10, 14, 18. 22, 26,
30. May 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
I ford (Pan Luis Obtspo), Santa Barbara, Port
1 Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
: m., Apr. 4. 8, 12, 1«. 20. 24, 28, May 2, and
I every fourth day thereafter.
For Enaenada, Maßdalena Bay. Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and Jimirn of Failing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DTBPATCH FART STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. ra.
CADE *1 2 first Class Including Berth*
IAnC 5S Second Clas« and Meals.
Columbia sails March, 14, 24; April 3, U, a.
Etate of California sails March U. 29; April
8. 18, 18.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Bntta,
Helena and all points In the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
680 Market stnat.
GOOD PERKINS A CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW yORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. L0ui5. ...... April 12 1 St. Louis May 8
Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New York April 26 St. Paul May 17
RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12 Noordland May 3
i Westernland ...April 19 Friesland May 10
Kensington April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. -St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
80 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April U
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 6
i HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
1 freight and passage apply at company's office,
i 421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
PMaajgamMgl Sydney S. Wednesday,
laVlllL phUs via Honolulu
• P «■■■■* and Auckland for
M Fydney Wednesday,
Sj^L A A P rU 19 - at 10 P- m -
SlßrlUNlllV The s - s - Australia
CylMlilJlllL^ aflllg for Honolulu
lufflfiflßiN Wednesday, May 3, at
\v/iii^unq j, p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
: Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
| England, etc.; $610 first -class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Acts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS, f^rr*
SailinK every Saturday at 10 a. m. <3T032i
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ■«"'»'■=■»
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE, April 15; LA
TOURAINE, April 22: LA GASCOGNE, April
29; LA NORMANDIE, May 6; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, May 13. First-class to Havre, $65
and upward, 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent
; reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 8
! Bowling Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI A
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San .Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs, night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Misslon-st. Dock, Pier No.
2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 500
~~ BAILBOAI) TBAVEL. ~
California
limited
Santa le Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San j
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5 I
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS.BUFFET CAR, Ob- I
servation Car and Electrlo I
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKETIFHCE— MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 16J1.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioo— 2ol J Stmt.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara BY
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUTH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. iS, 1188. trains will run aa followai i
' South-hound. North-bound.
Pae«eu- Mixed. Mixed. PassenT
1 ger. Sunday Biattona. Sunday g&r.
Daily.; Exo'ptd Excptd Daily.
• 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:43 pm 6:oo^ia j
6:10 am 2:08 pm Merced U:4O pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fmno 9:30 am 1:43 pin
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:4-8 am! 1:2 pro
2:28 pm 12:30 am Bakerafleld 8:00 amill:M am
- 11:69 am 6:23 pm YJaalia . Bi4o am \ 1:22 pin
Vt:lS pm t:B3pm| Tular< tiM ami |:0S prq
' Stopping at lnterm«d)»t« points M rtquirwl '
I For particulars of etaife and other connection*
Inquire at Trafflo Manactfa Office, all Karkal
itrttL Ban Prin^lfin. -.•■■-■- ..-■■- ■ •
BAIXKOAD TB&VJSL. j
SOUTH KKN I>A CIVIC CO3IPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* Irmr ninl are dun to nrrl»e> Ml
NAN riUNIIMCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lbavk — From March 29. 1899. — akritb
•C:OOa Hlleß. San Jose and Way Stations. *8:45 a.
7:00 a Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... ; 3:43
7:«O a MarygTille, OroriUeaml Redding via
Woodland ../ 5:43*
7:OOa Klmira, Vacaville and Rumsey 8:45p
7i3Oa Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Kapa,
Callstoga aud Santa Rosa «:Isp
8:0« a Atlautlc Kxpreu, Ogdeu and Kant.. B:l>i>
fei»OA San Jose, IjTermore, Btocktou.
lone, Saorameuto, Flacervtile,
Marrsville, Obico, Ke-IHIiiK 451.1p
BiBoa •Milton, Oakilale and Sonora 4:15p
BiOOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Meroed and Fresno 12:13p
ti«OA Franuo, UtkerstleM. Santa INrlmra,
Log Angeles, Demlog, El Pa3O,
New Orleans and East 0:45p
10:90 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Buttons 7:45p
13:O0m Klleg, Lirermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
PorterTille 4ilsr
*M«O«p Sacramento Hirer Steamers *8t«0p
«iOOp Martinez, Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Nap*, Callntogii, Santa Iloea Oil 9a
4ioop Becicla, Vacarille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Kulghts Lauding,
Marjr«Tllie, Ororllle. 10:43 a
4i3op Niles. Son Jose and Stockton 7:13p
StOOpSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Baktrsfield. San-
ta Barbara, Log Angeles 9:43 a
H3«oop Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East aS:43A
S:SOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 13:13p
B>Bop Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and i.os Angeine Bi43a
StßOp Santa F» lloute, Atlantic Kipress
for Mojaro and Kast 0:4.1 p
6:00p Kitropenn Mall, Ogden and Kast.... 0:43 a
6:OOp Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7i43a,
•«itOi» Vallejo.... , 18:1
t?tOOp Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
•*• tions t»»4SF
B:t*p Oregon lCxprem, Sacramento, Marys-
Tllle. Redding, Portland, l'ugel
Sonndanil Kast SilSa.
alOjO3pBanaet Limited. Fresno, 1 os
Angelei, El Paso, New Orleans
and East Hi4sp
SAN LF.aMUIO aKP IIiTWARRS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
' Melroie, Seminary Park, (
•■••a f ltehbnr*;, Klmhurst, 6:«3a
i9t*«A Ban L*a»<ir«, Sooth «*n i*U:43a
1«.9«a I-»»ndro, Eitidlllo, 1O:13\
(11iO«a • Lorcnre, Cherry ■ x% '¥!?
liN? ,nd Ili4.ip
*'••' Hazard,. •»•*»*
7t99r 1 Run. through to Nile.. 7143p
j t From Nlles. [
COAST I>l VISION (Sarron «iniijr«).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8i ISa Newark, Cent'rville, Ban J<xie,Kfi!ton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations . f .... 8«50r
•Silsp Newark. CenterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux aud Principal Way
Stations »10:5<U
4tl3p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... »:20a
flli4sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
- Way Stmtiop !7:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR FRaHOISCC— Foot «f Mark>t Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 13:03
•4:00 15:03 '6:00 r.n.
FromOalUßD— r««t«rßro«dwsj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
118:08 »l:00 tg:CO *3:00 tl:00 •8:00r.n.
COAST DIVISION (Broad fiauge).
(Third and To\f nsend Sta.)
7:00 a San Joss and Way Btntiniin (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) It 30?
•:••* Han Jose, Tres Pliios, H&uta Cruz,
Pacific Grot*. Paso Rabies, Nan
Luis OblsiK), Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4tlop
19i40a San Jose aud Way Stations <BiOOa.
11i89a San Jose and Way Htatlons Bi33a.
•»i43r San Matao, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Ollroy, Holllster. Santa Criu,
Sallnaa, Monterey and Paoitio
Gro»e •- "10:30 a
••iSOp Ban Jose and Way Stations *9:0Oa
•4113p Sao Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
*siO9p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
S:80p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:»Op
O:;iOr San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
f11:43p San Jc<» and Way Stations v 7:80p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays exoeptad. I Sundays only. •> Saturdays only
cSaturdajra. t.Sundnjr*.
ONE HOUR_EARLIER
THE PORTLAND TRAIN
(SHASTA ROUTE)
Will Leave 7n 11
SAN FRANCISCO at I 1. 111.
INSTEAD OF 8. COMMENCING
SUNDAY, _APRIL 9th.
THE NEW/
DINING CAR SERVICE
On the Shasta Route Will Also Be Inaugurated
at That Time.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
CanFOBNIOORTHVESTESN RY. CO.
LjBSSEH
! BAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Perry. Foot 0? Market St.
. SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK PAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:35,
J:!0, 6:10, €:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:69
and 11:80 p. m. ,
BUNDAYS— B 9:80, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:80. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WTSEK DATS— B:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
i;E6 and 6:35 p. m.
PUNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:4(V
i 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
! Between San Francisco and Sohaetzen Park!
! tame schedule as above. .
Leave Arrive
6an Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
. 1 October 18, •
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- i 'Week
' Days. I Days. Destination, days. I days.
I 7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:85 pm 6:22 pm'
Fulton,
T:80 am Windsor. 10:25 am
HeaJdsburß,
Lytton,
G«yservllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pr»
i • ■ Hopland and !/
T:SC am Ukiah. 7:85 prr/f1:22 pms
f am | i 10:25 ana
8:00 am Gumeyville. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:10 am 8:40 un
and
6:10 pm 6:00 prn Olen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:23 am:
■8:80 pm 5:00 pm| • 7:85 pmi 8:22 pin,
' Stagres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W?st
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey 4
serviue tor Skagra Sprinse; at Cloverdale fog
he Oey»era; at Hopland for Duncan Spring*j
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsba^
Spring!, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett;
Springs ; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Wittet<
■ Springe. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
I John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknell'sj
Banhedrin Heights. Hullville. Boonevllle, Orr'i
Hot Springs, Mendooino City, Fort Bragg.;
Wastport. tsal. Willlttn, Laytonvllle. Cum^
pins' a, Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,,
i cotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
' On Sundays round trip tickets to all point!
: beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, Ko Market st., Chronicle bid*.
| H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN. I
' General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *7:20. *9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45.
8:46, 6:15. •6:00, 6:80 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — •8:00. •10:00. »ll:30 a. m. ; n:l5,
8:00. MtfO. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. •6:36. 7:45. "11:30 a. m.;
12:20. 2:20..*3:46. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
BUND AYS — 6:20. •8:00. "10:00. *11:55 a. m.;
•1:15, »3:10, 4:40. *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN 3"RANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 D. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a, m. 12:05, 1:20. 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:SO a. m. -week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a-m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and -way sta's.
: MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
- Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday, 1
Bept. 1L 1898: :
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Bundaye— B:oo. 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. OPOK & SON. Agent*. 833 Mark«<
■tttHt. Ban rranolaco. .
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
YOUNG WIFE
KIDNAPED BY
FOUR TOUGHS
Mrs. Dottie Bernard's
Romance.
SHE IS NOW UNDER ARREST
HER HUSBAND TELLS OF HER
NAUGHTINESS.
Tire Tears Agro She "Was a Happy,
Xanoeent Bride, but .tfas Grad
ually Lured to Her
Ruin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Hroadway. April 7.
Mrs. Dottle Bernard, a young wife and
not unattractive, gave the Police De
partment considerable trouble this after
noon. She told a romantic story of hav
ing been kidnaped, which had many ele
ments of truth in it, but It led to such un
happy developments that Mrs. Bernard
•was arrested some hours later aaid Is now
In the City Prison.
For nearly a week Mrs. Bernard has
been restrained of her liberty in a house
near the racetrack, and her companions
have been young fellows whose names
Ehe dots not know, with the exception of
cue— Joe Taylor.
Mrs. Bernard first appeared at the Re
ceiving Hospital with her hands badly
cut.
"Last Tuesday evening," she said, "I
•was on my way home when Joe Taylor
and three companions approached me.
Taylor offered io see me home ami I con
sented. When we p;t*sed a barn the
young fellows pushed me in and locked
the door and they huve kept me there for
three days. They have only given me a
little bread and a few drinks In that time.
1 made several attempts to get out, but
could not force the door. To-day I made,
up my mind to liberate myself, so 1
forced my hand through the window, i
was so weak that 1 could not get through
the window after I had broken it. Tne
r.oise 1 made attracted the neighbors and
Police Officer Curtis liberated me."
Police det< ctlvea were put to work on
the case and the mystery was revealed
by the woman's husband. He said that
five years ago he married the young
woman, who was then a respectable,
hard-working laundress of San Francisco.
They furnished a nice home in this city
and for three years all went well. Two
ago the young wife started on the.
down track. This led to absenting her
self from home for several days at a
time.
Some weeks ago she went away and
lonian! t ame so disgusted that he
closed up his house, sold the furniture
and decided never to try' to keep his wife
straight again.
As Mrs. Bernard has no home and had
been drinking she was retained In jail
as a vagrant pending further Inquiry.
HE CALLED A NEGRO
AN EX-CONVICT
THEN THE COLORED MAN KICK
ED HIM FATALLY.
John Broderick Dies of Injuries Re
ceived at the Hands of an
Enraged Jailbird.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 7.
The death of John Broderkk, which oc
curred at the Receiving Hospital to-night,
adds another murder to the long record
of crime In Alameda County. His slayer
occupies a cell at the City Prison.
Broderick was found lying on the pave
ment on Linden street, near Seventh, In
an unconscious condition last Sunday
night by Officer Frank Lynch. At the
Receiving Hospital it was found that his
ekull was fractured. For a brief period
the injured man regained consciousness
and stated that a colored man named
Frank Jackson had knocked him down
and kicked him in the head. He told the
authorities where his assailant could be
found. Jackson was arrested and when
brought lace to face with Broderick the
latter Identified him as the man who bad
assaulted him. Broderick said the trou
ble arose over the fact that he called the
colored man an ex-convict.
Jackson was Immediately taken to the
City Prison, where he has since been de
tained, awaiting the result of his vic
tim's injuries. To-morrow Jackson will
probably be charged with murder. He
Is ah ex-convict, whose picture has a
place in the rogues' gallery at the City
Prison.
Broderick'9 remains have been removed
to the Morgue, where Coroner Mehrmann
will hold an inquest to-morrow night. An
autopsy will also ue held. Deceased was
aged 34 years and resided 'at 813 P^ilbert
street. He was unmarried. His aged
mother lives at Eighth and Myrtle
Btreets, and his brother is a plumber at
467 Eighth street.
A HAIR-RAISING RUNAWAY.
Letter-carrier Littler^ Wild Ride
Which Nearly Cost Him His
Life.
OAKLAND, April 7.— Charles Littler,
one of trie best-known mall carriers in
the service, was thrown from his bugg>
and nearly killed to-day. Littler was go- j
Ing his round in Piedmont and was drlv j
Ing along Hamilton place, when part of'
the harness oroke. The effect of the ac- i
cident was to startle the horse and it ran
off at a break-neck pace, headed for Lake
.Merritt. The harness continued to part |
and Littler hung on to the reins, hoping ;
that the animal would run Into the mud 1
and be brought to a standstill.
An electric car was going the same way
and every effort was made to catch up
•with the frightened animal, in the hope
of heading It off. The runaway and the |
car raced for several hundred yards, i
After a mad contest the last trace parted
and Littler was thrown into the air fully '.
ten feet. He landed on his forehead oh
the car track just as the car had passed.
Llttler'B head was cut, one knee was ln^
Jured and he was almost unconscious
when picked up and put aboard a car
which speeded away for surgical aid. He
was taken to his home, and unless ther*
be some unexpected developments he will
recover. .
-♦-.
TWO RESTRAINING ORDERS.
Plaintiffs in Divorce Suits Guard
Their Interests Well.
OAKLAND, April 7.— ln the divorce suit j
of May E. Fink against Alonzo W. Fink
defendant has been cited to appear in the
Superior Court to show cause why he
should not pay to his wife $200 alimony
monthly and $500 counsel fees during the •
pendency of the suit. An order has also '
issued restraining him from disposing of |
any of the community property.
Further testimony was taken to-day in i
the divorce «uit of Christina NHlson- I
Klrchofer against Gustaf Kirchofer. and i
Judge Kllsworth virtually decided to grant
a decree, but continued the matter until j
next Tuesday. An order was issued re- I
straining defendant from selling the ranch !
In Mendocino County and granting plain- j
tiff $26 counsel fees.
Judge Offden has granted Emily M. Lip- !
ka a divorce from E. M. Llpka.
Another Elopement.
OAKLAND, April 7.~Miss Georgiana
Horton, daughter of the ex-Consul to
Athens, has announced to her friends that
she wont to San Rafael a month ago and
w&a married to M. J. Miller of this city.
FABIOLA TO HAVE
ITS DERBY DAY
Lady Managers Accept the Offer of
the California Jockey Club.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway, April 7.
The Board of Lady Managers of Fabiola Hospital decided at a meeting
held to-day to accept T. 11. "Williams' offer of a benefit day at the racetrack.
On any day the track management selects the Fabiola Derby will be run
and the entire proceeds will be donated to the hospital fund.
There was a large attendance of the lady managers and Mrs. President
Tule was In the chair. The chief business before the meeting was the consid
eration of Mr. Williams' offer to devote the use of the track and its em
ployes for the usual May day benefit. The matter had been laid over for a
week, so the ladies came prepared to record their decisions. They were prac
tically unanimous and decided to accept Mr. Williams' offer and thank him
for his generosity. This settles the question and the white and blue of Fab
iola, the red of Derby day and the orange and black of the racing associa
tion will be mingled at Emeryville as in former years.
THOSE LIVING
PICTURES FIND
CHAMPIONS
Unity Circle Will Give
the Show.
NOW THE PROPER THING
MASON AND DRAKE DEFIED BY
THE (JNITARIAN LADLES.
The Entertainment "Will Be Made a
Great Society Event Among
the Alameda Four
Hundred.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142S Park street. April 7.
The living picture subject refuses to be
subdued. The ladies of the Unitarian
church, in direct opposition to the views
expressed by their brothers of Christ
Church, will stand sponsors for a living
i picture entertainment. Not only will it
be given for the benefit of the church,
but the living bronze statuary will be cx
i hiblted In the auditorium of the house of
worship.
St. Agnes Guild of Christ Church had
; such a show planned, but F. E. Mason
and Flemon Drake of the vestry heard
of it and they were so shocked that the
whole business was squelched at once
to save their feelings. The gentlemen
were just recovering from their first
shock when the ladies of Unity Circle
of the Unitarian Church defied their opin
ions and it is now feared that Mr. Mason
and Mr. Drake may suffer a relapse.
The ladies will not only champion the
cause of the artists of tfghts and bronze
paint, but are determined to make the
i affair the swellest social function ever
given in the town. They propose to make
living pictures the proper thing in Ala
meda society and Mr. Mason and Mr.
Drake will have to submit to their decree
I or relinquish all claims to social leader
ship.
Unity Circle will exhibit the bronzed ar
tists Tuesday evening. April 18. The price
of admission has been place at $1 and no
one will be admitted who is not in full
. evening dress. The chairs will be ar
! ranged In groups, surrounded by palms
; and potted plants and the entire church
auditorium will be decorated In most
[ elaborate fashion. A new picture will be
shown every ten minutes. A full orches-
I tra will furnish music. Mrs. George E.
Plummer, Mrs. Emma Shattuck, Mrs. "\V.
H. Baurhytc. Mrs. E. D. Rue and Mrs.
W. O. Henn are the committee in charge
! of the affair.
CLOSING DAYS OF
ALAMEDA CAMPAIGN
COUNTY CLERK JORDAN TAKES
A HAND IN THE FIGHT.
Interest Centers on the Contest for
City Marshal and School
Directors.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
1428 Park street, April 7.
The closing days of the city campaign
are being marked by some of the bitter
est fighting and most peculiar political
methods to which the voters of this city
have ever been subjected. The election
will be held next Monday, and the can
didates are taking advantage of every
lntervening minute to line up their forces
and round up the voters.
The city has been flooded with cam
paign circulars, some of th>m decent and
legitimate, others scurrilous and with
out sponsors. Interest is centered on
the fight for City Marshal and members
of the Board of Education. For the
Marshalship there are three candidates—
John Conrad, the Incumbent, who Is an
Independent candidate; 'William Gunn.
a member of the police force, nominee of
the Non-Partisan party, and George
Macßae, a young detective, who has tne
Indorsement of the Municipal League.
For a time It was the general opinion
that Conrad would defeat the regular
nominees, but the distribution yesterday
of an anonymous circular making a llbel
ouH attack on his opponents turned the
tide of public favor against him, and the
fight now appears to be between Gunn
and Maeßea.
The School Board fight Is attracting the
greatest attention. The Non-Partisans
are combating for the retention In office
of the present trustees. The Municipal
League wants a complete change from
School Superintendent down the line,
NOTORIOUS MUTASCOPES
INCUBATORS OF DURRANTS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway, April 7.
The notorious mutascopes, depicting- indecency and staging songs of ob
scenity, have been branded by the Oakland socialists as modern incubators
that breed Durrants. The advent of the mutascope In this city dates back
only a few weeks — shortly after the embargo was placed against this mechan
ical corrupter of morals in San Francisco.
Immediately complaints of the notorious character of these devices were
heard upon every side, but no arrests yere made. Finally the matter was
brought to the attention of the socialists, and a committee, consisting of H.
J. Whittaker, John H. Eustace and Robert Graham, was appointed to inves
tigate from a standpoint of morality. V
The committee has just reported that the result of their investigation \as
been shocking. The three members visited places whore they found boys, ap
parently between the ages of 12 and 14 years, looking Into the peephole
machines, viewing pictures that were disgusting.
An effort was made to-day to secure a warrant for the arrest of the
parties conducting the places, but the committee was informed by the Pros
ecuting Attorney that there is'no law or municipal ordinance reaching the
case. Deputy District Attorney Melvin advised the crusaders that while the
law prohibited the singing of obscene sotiks there was nothing to hinder
such songrs being uttered by a mechanical contrivance, and while the drawing
and exhibition of nude figures is prohibited the law does not apply to an exhi
bition of pictures that are indecent.
Now the sociallFts will petition the City Council to pass an ordinance to
remedy the abuse by prohibiting the demoralizing exhibitions.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
claiming that the department has been
used as a political machine by tbe Non-
Partisan candidates. Trustees C. L. Tis
dale and J. B. Lanktree and Superintend
ent D. J. Sullivan. The Municipal
League candidates are E. M. Keys
Frank Otis and J. R. Sloan.
Tisdale and Lanktree are making des
perate efforts to secure their re-election.
County Clerk Frank C. Jordan, who lives
in Oakland, has taken a hand in Mr.
Lanktree's fight, and has issued over
his own signature an appeal to the voters
to "vindicate L,anktree and silence the
detractors of our school nystem." The
citizens do not take "kindly to Mr. Jor
dan's interference in the local campaign,
and resolutions will be introduced at the
first meeting of the campaign to-morrow
night condemning his action.
The candidates for City Trustees have
been left to shift for themselves. B. J.
Smith, the independent candidate, who
promises to conduct the city government
without taxation, has taken'advantage of
the situation, jumped into the middle of
the fight and made himself a very for
midable factor in the contest. It is known
that the regular nominees for Trustees
are knifing each other, and Smith, being
the only independent candidate, is reap
ing the benefit.
The decision of the City Attorney that
no one who registered or transferred sub
sequent to March 16 could vote at Mon
day's election has disfranchised 10S citi
zens. Their names have been crossed off
the supplemental registers. Among them
is D. J. Sullivan, Superintendent of
Schools.
HEAVY TARIFF ON
SIDEWALK CYCLING
INCREASE FROM TWO TO FIVE
DOLLARS.
Abuse of cne Ordinance Has Resulted
in Many Acidents to Chil
dren.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. April 7.
The number of accidents that have
happened to ladies and children through
the carelessness of cyclists ha^j resulted
In increasing the ball for riding on the
sidewalks from $2 to $5.
An ordinance has also been introduced
In the City Council prohibiting all cy
clists from using the sidewalks at any
hour of the night or day. These measures
are of great interest to cyclists all around
the bay. many of whom are in the habit
of coming to Oakland during the summer
and patronizing her boasted miles of aide
walks. The existing ordinance makes It
a misdemeanor not to dismount or turn
out of the way of a foot passenger on the
sidewalk or not to ring a bell at a cross
ing. The maximum fine for violating this
ordinance has been $5, but the Police
Judge has permitted police officers to
collect bail of J2 and to allow the cyclist
to go on his way.
This practice has failed to Induce riders
to obey the law and several women and
children have recently been knocked
down, and in some instances severely in
jured. Judge Smith has therefore issued
an order that the maximum bail must be
exacted in every ca_se.
The new ordinance, which, it is said
will certainly be passed, prohibits any
kind of wheel from, being used on the
sidewalks except invalids' chairs and
children's toy wheels. It is claimed by
friends of the measure that the streets o"f
Oakland are now in such good condition
that there is not the excuse for riding on
the sidewalks that existed two years ago
Police Raid Gambling Dens.
OAKLAND, April 7.— The Police De
partment began to-night to carry out the
Idea of the new city administration. The
start was made on the gambling houses
and the most fashionable faro game in
the Windsor Hotel was raided by Cap
tain Morrison, Sergeant Peterson and Of
ficer Henderson. The dealer, Rodgers,
and several of the players were ar
reated. All of the latter gave fictitious
names and were released on ball. The
gambling furniture was taken to the City
Hall.
This is the first move toward reclaim
ing the city from being the "open town"
that it was under the old administration.
Fraternity House Entered.
BERKELEY, April 7.--A thief entered
the handsome new chapter house of the
Delta Kapjia Epsilon fraternity last night
and succeeded in making away with a
sum of money, together with other valua
bles. The fraternity house stands on the
corner of Durant and Telegraph avenues.
It has offered an easy mark for burglars
once or twice before.
Last night's intruder managed to get
Into the upstairs apartments of the fra
ternity men, taking away all the wearing
apparel in hight. This he searched for
loose money, netting about $150. The
clothes he threw away on leaving the
premises. They were found this morning
scattered about in the yard and In some
of the adjacent lots. A tin box containing
gold and silver was broken open and $75
taken. No clew can be found to the per
petrator of the deed. The police are of
the opinion that some one well acquainted
with the interior of the house is responsi
ble. Several months ago a Chinese ser
vant did practically the same thing and
was discharged, the goods stolen being
recovered.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 7.— Hon. O. W. Stew
art of Chicago will speak Saturday in the
Free Methodist Church on "Some Phases
of Christian Citizenship."
The Young Men's Republican Club
held its first public meeting during the
local campaign to-night at the Webster
strrot wigwam. Assemtayman Joseph
Knnwland presided. Addresses were
made by the club's candidates.
CARRIE REUTER
SAYS HER SON
WAS ABDUCTED
Charges Her Ex-Hus
band.
WARM CONTEST OVER A BOY
WRIT OP HABEAS CORPUS IS
SUED BY JUDGE OGDEN.
Charles Beuter's Record of Matrimo
nial Troubles Will Be Aired - '
in the Superior
Court.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 7.
Judge Ogden to-day issued a writ of j
habeas corpus directed to Charles Rev- i
ter, inspector for the Oakland Gas, Light
and Heat Company, commanding him to
produce In court before next Monday his
5-year-old son who, Mrs. Carrie M. Rev- \
ter alleges, he abducted from her home I
about two weeks ago.
Two years ago the principals were di
vorced and Mrs. Reuter was given the
custody of the child. In her petition for \
the writ Mrs. Reuter alleges that since j
the abduction her ex-husband has kept '
the boy at his residence, corner of Clay ■
and Fifteenth streets, where he is said
to be living with his third wife. She
called there to see the boy, but was re
fused admittance, and has now had her
ex-husband cited to appear and show
cause why he should not be punished for
contempt of court.
Mrs. Reuter was formerly Miss yon j
Rowel. She was Reuters second wife and
obtained her divorce on the ground of ex
treme cruelty.
"When I called on Attorney Lucas to ;
bring suit for divorce," said Mrs. Reuter !
to-day, "he refused to take the case, and ;
my ex-husband's brother told me after
ward that he refused because he had se
cured a divorce for Reuter under the j
name of Charles J. Richards. That divorce j
was granted on December 31, 1892, just a
week prior to my marriage. The woman's
name was Maud A. Malone and he lived
with her but six months. I secured my \
divorce from him on May 26, 1897, and the j
following October he married a young
woman employed at that time at Kel
ler's."
Reuter is 27 years of age. He first mar- i
rlfu at 18 and his first wife was the !
daughter of a Buckeley, Wash., saloon- i
keeper. At 20 years of age he took his j
second wife and at 25 his third.
He declares that his ex-wife is not a
proper person to have charge of his son,
though he makes no effort to secure! the 1
little daughter, still in the care of Mrs.
Reutcr. The latter says Reuter had her
sign a paper not long since that contains
a statement to the effect that "no bad
company must be kept by the mother."
She says ho now holds this over her
head.
Reuter, however, has proved nothing
against the mother's character so far. He
has tried to settle his affairs In regard to
the boy outside of court because he
feared publicity. He denies that he ever
went under an assumed name and lays
great weight upon the document his ex
wife slgrted.
The mAtter will be aired in Judge Og
den's court next Monday and promises to
be replete with sensation.
L«ft Much to Charity.
OAKLAND, April 7.— A petition for the
final distribution of the estate of the late
Mrs. Maria Martin has been filed. I'mler
the terms of the will the estate, valued at
$117,224 96, Is to be distributed largely
among relatives In England and Scotland.
About $8000 goes to charitable institutions.
After all bequests have been paid the
residue is to be divided among the San
Francisco Children's Hospital, and Fabi
ola Hospital and Indies' Relief Society of
this city. The Unitarian church of this
city is also to receive $2000. Robert Hen
derson Peat and Mrs. Mary Paxton Her
rlck Ross are the executrices.
■ ♦ ■
Reliance "Gentlemen's Night."
OAKLAND. April ".—The Reliance Club
has arranged r. "gentlemen's night" for
next Tuesday evening. There will be two
tryouts between Jack Kennan of the f.
S. S. lowa and Al Conn of San Francisco,
and Henry Martin and Dirk McDonald;
a four-round exhibition between "Chap
pie" I'orteous and his clever pupil. Jockey
Eddie Jones. The principal events, two
eight-round goes, will be between Jack
McMahon and William Ensbury, at 125
pounds, and Harry Pigeon and Mose La.
Fontise, at 142 pounds.
PHIZES FOE, DOGS.
Cash and Trophies Offered by the
Kennel Club.
The San Francisco Kennel Club has Is
sued Its premium list, and silver cups are
strewed profusely through the pages. The
man who owns a good dog nowadays has
a "good thing" when such rewards are
offered for Its possession as are displayed
In the pages of the premium list. And
these special prizes are only a tithe of
what will be distributed at the close of
the show, for many of the regular donors
of cups and medals reside In the East and
the announcement of their offers has not
yet reached the bench show committee.
To the professional dog-handlers the
club offers for competition the total cash
amount of $50. This will doubtless serve
to stimulate the professionals to exert
their efforts to procure entries.
In every class the regular prizes are
either medals or money. In addition to
these prizes the following specials are
offered:
For mastiffs a loving cup is offered, be
sides medals, and a long string of Pacific
Mastiff Club trophies for members of that
club.
Great Danes are favored by the first
vice president with a silver and cut-glass
loving cup and medals.
St. Bernards receive the president's
trophy, a silver loving cup. Besides this,
gold and silver medals are offered by the
Kennel Club and for the members of the
St. Bernard Club. The latter club offers
more medals and some valuable cups.
For Newfoundlands the Baltimore Ken
nel Association offers the club medal.
The San Francisco Kennel Club offers
the club medal for deerhounds, gold and
silver medals for greyhounds and fox
hounds, wolf+iounds (Borzois), blood
hounds and Chesapeake Bay dogs.
For pointers W. S. Tevls offers a silver
cup, and the Kennel Club offers medals.
For English setters the specials are the
Verona Kennels' silver and cut-gla,ss vns^
and Clabrough-Golcher's caraffe of the
same material. In addition the Kennel
Club's special medals.
Irish setters receive a silver and cut
glass tobacco jar from E. T. Allen, and
gold and silver medals from the Kennel
Club.
Gordon setters are offered the Kennel
Club's medals.
The field trial class will compete for a
silver cup offered by the Pacific Coast
Field Trials Association and for the Ken
nel Club's gold and silver medals.
Irish water and field spaniels will com
pete for the Kennel Club's special club
medals.
Cocker spaniels should be entered in
large numbers, for the variety and value
of the specials are enormous. F. P. But
ler offers a $100 oil painting of the winner.
Shreve & Co. offer a cut-glass cigarette
jar. the Kennel Club offers medals, and
the Oakland kennels offer a cut-glass and
silver pitcher.
Collies emulate the cockers in the ex
tent and value of specials. The Palace
Hotel offers a silver and cut-glass loving
cup; Henry J. Crocker, second vice presi
dent, offers a silver pitcher; the San
Francisco Kennel Club offers the special
club medals, and the California Collie
Club offers its medals for its own mem
bers.
Dalmatians, poodles, bulldogs, Boston,
Irish and Skye terriers, Japanese spaniels,
dachshunds, pugs and toy terriers all re
ceive the San Francisco Kennel Club's
special medals in addition to the regular
prizes. Yorkshire terriers will compete
also for a silver beaker.
For bull terriers the Phemeria Cocker
Kennels offer a Lenox and silver pitcher,
and the Kennel Club offers its special
medals.
A unique feature of the show will be a
parade of greyhounds in training, that
will compete for silver cups.
A carload of dogs from the Eastern cir
cuit is expected to arrive here.' The en
tries of these dogs for competition are al
ready on the way. It is safe to assert
that the total of entries will surpass last
year by 50 per cent, and judging from the
number that have already been filed it is
not extravagant to expect a doubling of
the number. The applications for pre
mium lists have been so far in excess of
the anticipation that a second edition has
been necessitated.
A feature of the show will be the auc
tion sale of dogs on the last day.
HOTEL ARRIVALS,
PALACE HOTEL.
S Oliver &w, N V |G J Mercer, N T
> H McDowell & w,XY,L E Mallory & w, Fa
T Shatzer, Indiana Miss Mallory, Pa
E A Shatzer, Indiana Mrs A E Sutton, Ky
E B Gould & w, Ind A N Glyde. Perth
H Komada, Japan J Hannes, London
T Mizertani, Japan ,R McL Cameron. N T
3 W rha.se. lowa T V England & w. Pa
V D Black, Salinas Mrs C B Walton, Phila
C R Bagg. U S N Mrs H F Walton, Phlla
E Hallinbeck. "Wis Miss R le Malstre. Pa
R Van Hrunt, Cal P "VVaxman & w, Aus
3 H Jenkins, NY F Williams & w, N Z
R L Debril], Va Miss M Williams, N Z
W H Holablrd, Ls Anft A G McMlchael, Mich
W M Graham, PlttsbrglH Abeles, Denver
E Graham, Pittshur^ Mrs Onts. Mare laid
Mr & Mrs Ullathome, U S Grant ,Ir, Sn Diego
Melbourne J W Graeme, U S N
C Chamberlain. Wash 3 11 Smith. Chicago
T X Manning, Mass A J Red way & w, Ohio
R J dv Pius & w, N'ev ■ E Conant, A w, N J
/. S Spauldlng, Ilono Mrs C Blanchard, Mass
W Dorlsworth & w.Wia Misa Blanchard, Mass
Miss Dodsworth, Wla I Cavanagh, N V
X Flthian, Sta Barb B C Mitchell, US N
H P Eckardt & w. fan H E Jewett, V S X
E F Murray. Pittshurg G <; Weigle, i'alo Alto
i I (' Luthioian <fc \v. Md Mrs W I) Gossard Cal
Mrs H Dibble, Minn 9 T Nishimare, Japan
Miss I m, Me. Minn 0 S Richardson, 111
, L I>amb ."i w, lowa |T Hoiikins & w, Menlo
H c Benson, Sydney in M Henshaw, Cal
I H Noyeo, Melbourne T Bacon, Los Ang
i H W Noyes, Melbourne Mrs W Hudson, N V
Miss I. Binkhart, N V IR Parn;by & w, X V
B P McQuane, T.nn A C Griffith, Sta Rosa
J J Metzler, Chicago I Master Griffith, S Rosa
GRAXD HOTEL.
! E S Mainhart &- w, Cal |E P Dwyer, Sacto
B J Leonard & w, N V J Sunderland L Ang
I H M Clalr Jr, Pa i W CunUffe, Eng
J Baer, I'a I M Peart, Cal
Mrs Qasklll, Sacto T Laughney, Ogden
T Longmore, Hopland Mrs X P <".riint, Colo
R V Klmbrouph. Cal II P Shaw. Chico
R C Harris, Xatoma jH C Ingrain it w, Cal
\V Cameron, Cal B C Long, Pa
! H Hayes. Cal I\V C Hamilton, Pa
W H Jackson, Mich II N Wood, Cal
W C Swain, Cal jj Dudley, Portland
J Hlrsch, Cal J Richards. Manila
iL II Selvage, Eureka J Hurt &w, Manila
'G D Marvin &w. Cal AD Wilson, Ca!
j F E Sharkey, NY ! C H Howard. Quincy
F C Sharkey, Portland B ,T Phillips, Cal
! O W Stewart & w, 111 W R Munson, Cal
I C Innls, Fresno W A Barle, Sanger
I R B Butler, W & B, Cal C A Moore, Gridley
<■ G A McElfresh, L Ang W C Wetna, Spreckels
M J Wright, Sacto J C Hil-lreth. Ukiah
; ,T I> Riddle. Hanford V R Seawall, Ukiah
! E Brunc-sman, Ohio |C H Etnmona, Fresno
V C Gray, w * c, Cal N* Nelson, Denver
D H Ettien, Pasadena C Swindell, Stanford
w .1 Ettien, Pasadena Mrs R B Stone, Pa
T II Hubbard i- w, Cal ■; F Grant, Manila
• j F Sheehan Jr. Cal V. StansberK, Manila
j A W I^ane, S Diego H Isaacs, L Ang
! J Cooke, Sacto H Brown; L Ang
I J W Fcrgen. S Cruz
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
] J Pltzallen, L Ang R D Blumbergr, Wash
: R St^in, Fresno Mrs H^enan, Seattle
J G MattOS, Cal B Acull, Manila
J Watson, Xapa W S Garrett, Fresno
F Henderson. Australia S E Ballard, S Rosa
E G Clarke, HI J Phillips* L Gatos
E P Hoffman, B C IM Button, Petaluma
; C Symons. B C R F Grace. Maiysville
j F U'estmayer, B C J L Hammond, Cal
SHII>I'I.\U I\TKLLIGE.\CE.
P AILED.
Friday, April 7.
Btrnr Ruth. Stran.l. Daal.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 7— Stmr Noyo,
for Pan Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed April 7— Schr
Corinthian, for Snn Francisco.
TPAL— Sailed April 7— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— PaIIed April 6— Ger Fhtp Maipo, for
Callan. April 7— Ship Louis Walsh, for San
Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived April 7— Stmr
Switzerland, for AntwerD.
BALTIMORE— Arrived April 7— Stmr Bos
nia, from Hamburg.
GLASGOW- bailed April 7— Stmr Ethiopia,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 7— Stmr Georglo,
for New York.
QUEICNSTOWN— SaiIed April 7— Stmr Cana
da, for Boston.
SAM FRAISCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Have? street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
ZSU Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets : open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. ~jT~
M.— Will meet THIS (SATURDAY) ./&
EVENING, April 8, at 7:30 o'clock. Ifsf
M. M. degree. By order of the 11. P. /V>
FRANKLIN 11. DAY, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. ■^s^^~
I. O. O. F.— Regular meetinp .SigPJr^g.
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Third degree. • \\^-
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. .«*/,.
207, I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem-^^fig^&.
bers are requested to attend a -O&StSE
special meeting at Odd Fellows' '^v7llw >
Hall, SUNDAY, April 9, at 2 o'clock p. m.
sharp, to assist with the funeral of our late
brother, JOSEPH DURROUX. By order of
E. BLANQUIE, N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Secretary.
A. O. H., Attention— His Grace, the a_^-?>
Most Reverend Archbishop Riordan, YWs¥
has appointed SUNDAY, April 9, as Sfevjl
the date for the annual reception of fi£\j*i?
holy communion by the Ancient Order iT^Eb
of Hibernians. The officers and members of
the various divisions will assemble at the
hall. 120 Ninth st., at 7:15 a. m. and will pro-
ceed to St. Joseph'! Church, Tent,h st., near
Howard, to receive communion at the 8
o'clock mass. His Grace, ARCHBISHOP
RIORDAN, will celebrate the mass and will
also deliver a sermon to the members
P. J. McCORMICK, County President.
E. J. HANNON, County Secretary.
M. E. B. A. NO. 35— Members please meet at
rooms at 8:45 a. m. SATURDAY, April 8
to attend funeral of lute brother, E N*
WINSLOW. GEO. R. LINDSAY, Pres. '
J. J. SEARY. Secretary. s
NOTICE la hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1599, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day. at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market St.. in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that Bald Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500 000 00) In
United States sold coin, for the purpose' of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
Bald Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] ,E. H. SHELDON
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL notices^
PILES— PETER^ FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding
Itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
. standing. 1628 Devisadero St., near Sutter.
BAA tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint C 0. ./319 3d st.
. DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company. 327 Market
•St., on and after MONDAY. April 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close TUESDAY, April 4,
• 1899, at 3p. m. \ E. H. SHELDON, Sec
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
TWO competent Swedish girls dplre situa-
tions at cooking and housework, lame town;
country; reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NKAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse or second girl; $15;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SWEDISH cook, also Swedish second girl, best
of city reference, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSETT «fC- CO., 31H Sutter st.
POSITION as housekeeper by woman experi-
enced with children or second work; wages
$20. ArMress L., box 19, branch Call office,
10G Eleventh st .
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation to do
German and American cooking; some house-
work; country only; wages $25. 348 Third.
TWO German Indies wish situations together;
can do any kind of work; city or country.
Address box 875, Call office^
SWEDISH woman wants washing and Ironing
for Mondays; $1 50 a day. Address 30 Aztec
St., off Shotwell.
GERMAN woman wishes a few steady places
washing; reference; $1 day and car fare.
Adt'ress 387 Hayes st.
GERMAN woman wishes any work by the day,
washing or cleaning. Call at C 47 Cheßtnut st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation to do
housework; wages $20. 1104 Filbert st.
HOWARD, 1139— First-class laundress desires
infants' fancy dresses and laundry work.
WOMAN over 50 wants light work In small
American family; Is good cook; would go in
the country; good home desired. Call 646
Folsom st.
GERMAN woman wants washing or house-
work by the day. Call or address corner
Twenty-fifth st. and San Bruno road, saloon.
YOUNG German woman wishes position by
day, cooking and housecleanlng. 2748 Lom-
bard St.; telephone West 620.
AMERICAN lady. competent, respectable,
wishes work any kind. 1202 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman wants to do house clean-
ing or any other day work. Call 105 New
Montgomery St., room 23' i.
TWO young ladies would like positions, one as
bookkeeper the other office work. 216 Kearny
St.. mom 9.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and fmm f*rry; elevator.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency, all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grantji^
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 425.
ENGINEER with license and 25 years' prac-
tice, understands Corliss, compound and con-
driiper engines and dynamos, locomotives and
traction er.cinet, wishes a situation; city or
country.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation; under-
stands orchard work, horses; good driver;
vegetable gardening; can milk; references.
Address box 887. Call office.
PAPEIiHANGER, tinter, painter, wants work
for hi'tpl or bona; city or country- A. CON
LON, -'2.". Fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED barman; speaks German and
English; good reliable man; best of refer-
ences; country preferred. Box 886, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as driver of de-
livery wagon; experienced; understands
horses. Address 108 Sixth st.
JAPANESE wants position. Who wants a
strong and good cook? If any, try me. H.
Y. S., 1318 Polk st.
BARTENDER wants position In resort or
country; good mixer. Address box 885, Call.
JAPANESE school boy wants a position. TAN,
513 Hush st.
PRACTICAL printer, with 10 years' experience
as foreman ami business manager of dally
newspaper would like position on city or
country paper. Box 898, Call office.
UAKDENER-Has had 20 years' practical ex-
perience In all branches; has been employed
In some of the best families. Address Gar-
dener, 51S Battery St.
YoUNG n.un with experience would '.'.ke place
In cigar store; best of references. T.
HIRSCHFELDER, 324 Hayes st.
BAKER wants position as bread baker; wages
no object. Address box 873, Call office.
YOUNG man, trained nurse, desires an en-
gagement; hospital preferred. Box 878, Call.
AN experienced vineyardist and wife would
like situation: understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES. 813 Jessie st
BARBERS — Young man, 1 year's experience In
10-cent shop, desires position for Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday nlght3. Address MR.
HUSTON. 2124 Fillmore St.
MAN as janitor or night watchman; will make
himself useful sweeping or cleaning while on
watch; 5 years in last place; references.
Box 852. Call.
COACHMAN and gardener, thoroughly under-
stands his business, wishes situation; city or
country; good references. Box 770. Call.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
YOUNG girl as companion, about 13 or 14 years
old, $7; San Rafael. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN maid and seamstress, $30; French
nurse. $25, need not speak English. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl assist housework. $15, 2 in
family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, boarding house, $20 per month;
Bleep home. MISS CULLEN. 325 Putter St.
REFINED nurse, grown children, $20; nurse, 1
child, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HE FINED German or French nursery gov-
erness. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Alameda, $25; Auburn. $20:
Pacific Grove, $20; 2 cooks, $30 and $35; 12
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25: 6 yount girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 32S- Sutter st.
LADY'S maid and seamstress, $30: second girl,
2 In family, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 4
waitresses, city. $20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
city, $20; chambermaid to wait, country, $20,
see party here: pantry girl, $15; woman cook,
small country hotel, $25; pastry cook, country,
$30.
FAMILY ORDERS
Parlor maid and waitress, $25 see lady here
11 a. m. : 3 German cooks, $30 and $25; 4 house
girls, $25; Swedish house girl, 2 in family,
$20, country; German cook, 2 in family, $25;
nurse zlrl. nice place, $12. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, no wash, a short distance, $30, see party
here; cook 3 in family, acroßs the bay, $25.
."i cooks in American and German families.
$25 anl $30; infant' b nurse, $25; waitress and
parlormaid, $25; and a large number of girls
for cooking and housework In city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, nice country hotel, $20; waitress,
restaurant, short distance, $20; 4 waitresses,
$?n and $.1 & week: chambermaid, wait 1 meal,
$JO. and ethers. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316
Sutter st.
WANTED— Ctmr-etent girl for general house-
work !n Geir.ian family. of 3; references. Call
between 9 and 12 a. m., 2197 Devlsadero St.,
near Clay.
COMPETENT Swedish girl to do cooking and
general housework. Apply at 2500 Green St.,
corner Scott, between S and 10 a. m.
EXPERIENCED hand sewers and machine
operators for gloves. Carson Glove Co., 35
Market st.
WANTED — Shoe vampers; steady work; good
wages. CAHN, NICKELSBURG _ CO., 115-
-117 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED skirt hands; no others. DA-
VIDSON & MILLER, 731 Marketj^
ERIGIIT girl to learn dressmaking. 609 Tay-
lor
YOUNG girl for general housework In Jewish
family; good work; 9 to 12. 920 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS waist maker wanted; no other
need apply. Call 139 Post st., room 40.
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists;
pow«r. S. F. MFG. CO., 409 A Turk st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; light chamber work;
small wages; good home. 1020 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts. ROGERSOXS'. 535 Valencia st.
NEAT middle-aged woman for housework and
baby; small wages. 270 V* Tehama st.
GOOD dressmaker. 1204V4A Larkin st.
YOUNG girl to assist waiting at tables. 638
Fourth st.
GIRL over 14 years to assist with housework;
$5; one bell. 519 Jones st.
EXPERIENCED German nurse girl. Apply
bet. 10 and 12 a. m., 1434 Post St.
WANTED— Housekeeper and nurse who under-
stands the care of young children; middle-
aged American preferred; moderate wages.
Address box 880, Call office.
GIRL between 14 and 16 years of age to assist
in light housework between 8 and 7' sleeD
home. Box 871. Call.
WANTED— Good pants finishers: steady work
Apply 545 Sanchez st., bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTBD-Yoan* gbl light *°*>g™*** l rl "
vate family; good house. 1945 Geary st.
WANTED-Immediately first-class 49 corset
maker and designer; reference. Box 849, Call.
EXPERT hairdresser and ventilator.
STROZYNSKI. 24 Geary st. ->
HELP WANTED MALE.
MUR^aTX^EADY T F T h T e -r faints 818
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Blacksmith, country shop, good Jon.. _••■•••••
vegetable gardener -see boss here
gardener, San Mateo County, $2d and found
milker and wife .»> and found
farmer and wife - g5 and found
12 farm, orchard and vineyard hands 5-U.
3 choremen-for ranches, $20; woodchoppers.
tools advanced; tlemakers; coal miners tor
Oregon. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 'lay.
COOK, small neat restaurant, near city, $40
and found; 5 cooks, city and country, $30 to
$40; waiters city and country; dishwasner,
country hotel, $18 and found; bakers, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MAN and wife for the mines; woman to cook;
man to run cars, etc., $80 and found. HLK-
RAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st. __
BLACKSMITH, country shop, good Job. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. |
ALL-AROUND tailor, country, $16 50 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Carpenter. $2 50; railroad work.... free fare
Laborers and teamsters .....free fare
Painter, springs, $30 to $35 and found, see
boss her?, early; carriage painter, $2 o0 a
day, country. ranch", Sacramento County.
3 milkers, same ranch. Sacramento County,
$25; 9 milkers, other places, $25 and $.0; 5
farmers. $25; 4 farmers, $15; choreman. pri-
vate place, $17 60; choreman, springs, $la.
Bell boy, with reference, $15; vegetable
man, $20; cook, country restaurant. $40 and
room; German waiter. C. R. HANbfcN _
CO., 104 Geary St. ___
WANTED— James Anderson, gardener, please
call; 3 quartz miners, $2 day and board; 8 *
coal miners, by day or contract; 6 laborers
for country, $175 day; coachman, $30 ana
found; German or Swiss ml.«.er. $30; stable-
man for private place, $25; 2 choremen, S^o;
butcher boy, $15: cooks, waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. _^
WANTED— Chief engineer for a mine, refer-
ences required. $105 per month; milker, steady
Job, $10; woodchopper, near city; tiemakers,
near city, 12c each; blacksmith for a saw-
mill must be able to run engine, $40 and
board; 1 more farmer for good, steady Job, $20;
farmer, able to milk 5 cows, near city, $£>;
cooks and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626
Clay st.
BLACKSMITH who can run engine. $40 and
board; good woodchoppers and tlemakers,
tools and grub advanced; farmers, milkers
and cooks. WARD & CO.. 608-610 Clay st.
COOK on steamer, $60; cook, country hotel,
$40; night cook, $60. ANDRE, 316 Stockton st.
BUTLER, $30, 2 in family. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Protective Union, the only legal
organized union of the coast, has authorized
J J HEINZ, Its employment secretary, to
extend his services into the country every-
where and to see that none but reliable help
Is furnished. Office. 630 Market, downstairs,.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman with experience in
the grocery or crockery business; give refer-
ence and wages expected. Box 883, Call.
BARBER for Saturday. 623 Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 30« Fifth
street.
BARBER for Saturday. 217 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1048 McAllister
BARBER for Saturday and' Sunday. 105 Fourth
street.
BARBER. 715% Davis St.; steady for Satur-
day and Sunday.
GOOD barber, Saturday and Sunday. 137V4
Fifth Bt.
GOOD barber for Saturday. 3310 Sacramento
street.
BUSHELMAN wanted this morning at CAR-
ROLL & TILTONS, 811 Market st.
GENERAL tailor and coat maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— boy; wages $3 per week; give
age and reference. Box 874, Call office.
BOY to work for board and lodging; can at-
tend school; Alameda County. Box SS4, Call.
PANTSMAKERS to take work out. 106 Bat-
tery st.
ELDERLY man to cook for 2 or 3 men; $5
per month. 600 Halght st. -
GOOD extra waiter wanted. IS4 Third st. a
YOUNG man experienced in dry goods. 1221
Stockton st.
GOOD strong boy to learn painting. Between
12 and 1 p. m., 2816 Twenty-fourth st.
BOY tv» help in cigar store; come well recom-
mended. 301 Sixth st.
MAN to clean store and work in kitchen, $3.
619 Larkin *t-__ '
MAN as porter in business house; German,
married, preferred. L. ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
2 LADIES' tailors wanted for the country;
piece work on Jackets; must be thoroughly
competent; rapid men can make $20 a week;
9 hours; plenty of work. Apply to STEIN,
SIMON & CO., cor. Second ana Market sts.
STEADY, sober man for day work; no expe-
rience required; must loan $200 to proprietor;
good security. Call or address 1940 Market st.
PARTNER wanted; capital $200; no triflers.
40 Ellis St., room 19; investigate.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission,
St., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW, Secretary.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 350
to 60c. 562 Mission /t.. bet. Ist and. 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor. BOWHAY, 51«
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent: lady of gen-
tleman. Room 4. 40S California st. "
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
%frie Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 33
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 3
Inches and 6 feet in height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office, 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade:
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 2So
to 60c ; $1 to $3 per week.  
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S F
Barber College. 138& Eighth st. ■
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 73c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 563 ! 2 Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market it., below Sixth
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED. ~~~~~
SOLICITORS wanted— Active, intelligent men 1
$2000 may be earned as wages in 4 months!
Address 8., box 867, Call office.
AGENTS, ladies or gents, can make from $3
to $6 a day. Apply at Call office.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
nut: sample postpaid. 25c. J. Brown. 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in candy and ~lce~eream
parlor; must be sober and steady. 131' Fifth.
SOLICITORS wanted— Active, intelligent men;
$2000 may be earned as wages in 4 months.
Address 8.. box 867. Call office.
1 IHMTIRE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market St.. pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.. . 'j '
ROOMS WANTED.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms liT«cliange~io!Maun^
dry work. Address box 872. Call.
- WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
, WANTED— Second-hand projectoscope and
films; also second-handed Btereoptlcon outfit
Box 817. Call office.
SCRAP Iron, brass and copper bought; coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^^r^p'ME^ooklns^^rToT^d^d^lclcT
store on Larkin St.; worth $400; great eaori
lice. R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market It. crl "
A- $400: CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in iveJy city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month- a
S. rS OT MaVkerit. ment ' R. Q. WILKE. room
A _iv:o: MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
I ?iJVi s l^ t: ; Paten^ right for the U. S. on
SIM.LETRLfc- for protection of trees- every-
fanner of fruit grower needs them; small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of R. a
WILKE. m Market St.. room 6.
A-5450: CORNER saloon, with Ui-lng rooms
cr. Fifth si . near Market; rent $30 ; average
daily receipts $14; fine fixtures, cash register
• etc. WILKE. 906 Market st.. room 8, '
A- WAGON and carriage shop; repairing and
manufacturing of farming implements- in
lively country town, Alameda County estab
ilshed many years; tools $400; stock at invoice
price; a splendid chance for good, steady man
who knows his business. Call R. G. WILKF
SK'6 Market st., room 8. «*»_.
lA-J600; RAILROAD boarding-house In Oak-
land; first-class paying; best class of board-
<rs; large rooms; good furniture: rent $20
Particulars of WILKE. 806 Market, room 8.
A-SsW; CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rdotna, on Market st.; doing a good-paying
business: owner bought transfer business!
Particulars of WILKE, 906 Market. room 8
GENERAL merchandise store connected with
pcEtofflce in Lively country town: no oppo-
eition; including building. 2 lots 25x150-
-$2000; stock of merchandise about $3000-
L'lSa-rw M o r£"ff Ula " CaU WILKEI
FOR sale— Road bouse, known as the "Capl-
toL. on the Alum Rock road; the most popu-
lar pleasure drive out of San Jose having
an acre of land, substantial buildings, all
furnished, and bar well stocked, in fact the
most complete plant of its kind in the State-
K. r t by the present owner for 12 years, who
s about to retire: this i» not alone an Ideal
kH £,Jn?, Cc where the right man can make
V-'f.; T,- l\ °£ » iartl ™lars apply to •■has.
■■Hi. Alum Rock road, San Jose. Cal. ■
• "I
. age. OWING & CO.. 935 Market st.
}■ BUTCHER shop; dally receipts $:.0: cause
_ ; j ! j^ckness. COWING & CO^ggSjlarkJL
* 3 rOW?xS?* S »on S^ 0 o 1 2i >? lust be Bold to-day.
i iui.Mt & CO., 995 Market st.
' -GOOD-PAYING tel; must sell to-day; a
bargain. COWING & CO.. &?:, Market st.
.' 6 *%-? xc^nKe blisln^s7 oTa^TkinT
i-TRAND _ CO., 102, Market st., above i.th.
JSSO— SALOON opposite Oakland ferryT^ickness
cause of sale, STRAND & CO.. 1027^ Market
I "'0— PARTNER wanted in one of the oldest
usiniisa openings, established 25 years; sure
i 5 or more each per month; light office work-
xperlence not necessary. Apnlv QUS
TRAND & CO.. 102 TH Market St.. above 6th.
•—PARTNER wanted in mechanical busl-
ess; well established, fast-growing trade-
teady work, not hard;, good wages and <t
~ ■'•-'•'"" ' x and restaurant (including build-
iK>: netting $200 monthly; fuu Investigation
$^25— Saloon; good corner: fine fixtures; do-
n -g good business. Nat. Agency, 7 Grant aye.
:>-FINE-PAYING butcher shop; does cash '
uslness of SCO daily; old established corner-
ells 4 cattle, 25 sheep weekly; don't miss
lis bargain. STENBERG CO., 26% Kearny.
3— CORNER grocery: full stock choice gro-
eries. family liquors, cigars, including fine
ellvery wagon nr.<i horse; good trade guar-
nteed. PTENBERG CO.. 26H Kearny st.
-12500— CORNER drug store; doctor's prac-
ice worth $300 a month; receipts $23 daily-
har.ee for a physician. KREDO &CO 22U
reary st. " "
A— SIOO— BRANCH bakery, delicacy and can-
dies KREDO & CO., 22^s Geary st.
$l?f« v -SALOON; central location; stock and fix-
tures In value. Apply Call office.
.' 'LD-ESTABLISI; market in Mission-
present owner there 10 years. Box 589, CalL
OLD-ESTABLISHED stand; 2 horses and large
wagon; must be sold. Inquire at 3*7 Hayes.
1100— PARTNER: grocery and bar; don't miss
this. 112$ Folsom st.
PARTNER wanted with $10W to buy sawmill
and f.25 acres of timber land: good, safe in-
vestment; no experience needed. Call or ad-
dress A. J. SMITH, 111% Minna st.
$700— RANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
tales $15 to $25 a day; 3 nice living rooms-
a bargain. Box 444. Call office.
COFFEE saloon to let. 3210 California st.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery |tock. greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, Qoing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st.
JJ'O-rOL'NO ' man with good references and
business experience wanted as a partner in
a good manufacturing business; established
IRSS. Box 847. Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to eel! his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third et.
PARTNER wanted in livery stable; $100 a
month guaranteed: 1 month trial given; price
reasonable. Box £>/>. Call office.
TOU can double your money in salmon can-
nery shares: only a few left. See CLARK &
CO room 609, Examiner building.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO.. 1008% Market st.
WANTED — Financial backer in legitimate
business; contracts pay 5 per cent; good se-
curity. Box SSS. Call.
PAR'; wanted; good reliable man with
lltt capital. Inquire 41 Third St.. room 5.
$100 — LIGHT manufacturing business: owner
Pick; article sells at sight. Call 41 Third, r. 5.
BARGAlN— Restaurant; neatly fitted; owner's
wife's sickness cause. 513 Vi Jones, nr. Geary.
RESTAURANT fixtures cheap at 1245 Ken-
tucky st Apply 234 O'Farrell it.
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
fi36 Third st.
J3O0 — COFFEE and chop house; doing good
basin* Apply at -", Montgomery Bt.
FOR sale — Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box. 11l Benlcla. Cal.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446, Ukiah, Oal.
. i
COFFEE and tea routes supr.liea from •.--.». '
W. CAP WELL * CO/8. 41i $Rcmre\<"i*n «♦
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
M-ROOM house for city or country prpty.s4ooo
64-roorn house; clears $310; payments.... 3000
21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
16-room house; clears $100 300 j
11-room house In Angels Camp (SO
ID-room house; central; $100 cash 200 |
SO rooms; rent $»0; on Mission st 1300
bt : rouiu nuuse: clears Jo'>'J 1600
Ml" rooms: on Sixth st 450
24-room houpe; new furniture 750
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call i
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth. :
A— KREDO & >............. 22>4 GEARY ST.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
A FEW DAYS ONLY.
$500 — 44 rooms: fine business corner.
$300— 9 rooms; a give away.
Many others from 6 to 300 rooms, from $158
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
WINSTON A CO 1026 Market st.
18 rooms; cheap rent; one floor $450
20 rooms; rent $75; north of Market; snap. 800 i
23 rooms; brand new; give away • 800
82 rooms; will exchange; corner.... 1000,.
FOR sale, cheap, on account of sickness, room-
ing house of 35 rooms; doing good business.
Box 865, Call office.
1600— INCOME $240; downtown boarding house.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
]$SOO— SNAP; 40-room house; near Market: cen-
/■ tral; must sell this week. 8a511e.878% Market.
NEAR Market st.: 24 rooms; good furniture;
rooms always full; price $900. Box 863, Call.
I-ROOM house, furniture In good order; will
sell reasonable. 276 Minna st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United Statr-s. postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of ■ 7-roora house; will sell
cheap. 446 Tehama st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
~~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.;
S8 .and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. to.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter st.
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTO.VS, 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
et. ; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; fl. East 126.
_______
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH prop..
• 722 Mlfcsion; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post et.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; paclc-
UV, advance, *tc, 785 Market; tef. Black; SU.
PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS. .-:.' ~ '
Sell lbs rolled oats. 25c; 10-lb sack cornmeal.
20c; butter, 25c square;. 19 lbs granulated
sugar, $1; flour, 85c sack; tomatoes. 90c dor.;
sugar corn. $1 doz; picnic hams. 7>^c lb; 20
lbs rice, $1; 25 lbs raisins, $1: macaroni, 25c
a box; 2 lbs fine coffee, 25c. LINCOLN BROS.
. casn grocers. 226 Sixth St., above Folsom.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 631
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
YOUR hair won't fall out If you use Lederer's
Qulntonlca, Sic bot.: Lederer's Foamo Sham-
PQO, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the best hairdresser In the city,
but he charges only 25c; longest hair rolls,
«sc; good switches, $1: fine, $2 50. Open Sun-
days 9 to 12. G. LEDE-RER. 123 Stockton =t.
JOHN L. BOoM:. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms: also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order, $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
Xc to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $»! per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
Uve. 1128 Sutter It. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, BOc up; th] week
only; artistic opera dressing La Verite Hair-
dresslng Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices-
sl a week. N.Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton et. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St., $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jectlon;guarntd.Dr.Gordm,sl4 Pine. ab. Kearny
FOLDING beds 60; bedrm sets JS: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
fold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
Dressmakers.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up;. dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
/ free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
Et.. near Polk; counsel, 60c; by letter. 50e;
meetings every night. 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m,;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a me-
dium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for important information, and every
reply Is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— very-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
eeek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to S:3O p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond Fight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
inc. ladieE, SOc; gents. $1; sit. $160. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153^£ sth, r. 21.
MME. MOREAU. the best fortune teller; 25c
up; tests free. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
' netlst. 207 Powell St., rooms 5 and 6.
RETURNED—EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE-Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush ft., rooms 9 and 10.
CARD-READER; removed from 77 Ninth st.
to 1322 Mission, bet. 9th & 10th; 1. 10c g. 25c.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards.
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 55c: Indies <>14 O'Farr*'! St.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Oer-
maine, 3388 Twenty-first st.. above Valencia;
tel White 1571: reading by mail. SI.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience: references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. 6. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. BeEt materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood b 3g., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; tunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A FULL set Of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty, filling, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.: telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
■ rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St., corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Bt.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
' specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. EOc: sliver. 25c: crowns. $3.
~ LOST.
DARK sorrel horse and light, black, slde-
sprlnged top buggy. Return to 2133 Howard
st. Reward. No questions asked.
LOST— watch; Initials K. S. Reward at
200 Turk st.
LOST— passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of MOSES HERRMANN or BABETTE
HERRMANN, No. 200-888. The finder will
please return to bank.
LOST In neighborhood of Sixth and Howard,
pocketbook containing papers and peddler's
term it*. S. HOFFMAN. 413 Eleventh: reward.
LOST— Smell package containing money, on
Tenth ft. Return 418 Tenth st. : reward.
— _____
romiD.
■FOUND— Young black and white greyhound
bitch. Owner call at 31 Fourth I st.
FOUND— A Gordon setter dog. Call at 8 Pros-
pect aye. between 6 and 7 p. m.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CUSTOM li' Francisr.i, April I
Notice— Certain goods remaining one year in
bonded warehouse will be Bold at public
auction at .the United States Appraiser's
store on the 24th day of April, 1899, at 11
o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be
had at the Custom House on April 17, or at
time and place of salt
JOHN P JACKSON, Collector.
PHYSICIANS. . .
DR. C C O'DONNELL, office and residence,
_i__» Market st., bet. 6UI - and 7tk» """""" r ,
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain is warning;
Mayerle's glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting, itching, discharging, burning,
twitching, scratching. Inflamed eyes and
failing sight; Danger Signals and Mayerle's
Self-fitting System mailed free; write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticiaTTi inriH Market St.. San Francisco.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy bt., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men -and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though' else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market at.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2. .
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physician? for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell haa
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can b» used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023H Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
. cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards A: Co., 406 Clay
Et. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; *2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
| DR. and Mrs. Wise, 111$ Market st.— lnstant re-
! lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
1540& Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Unit" d States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask. you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some ■-■>■:•'
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and SuttiT
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ;•_•. .'.'■
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, fine order 152
3 Klngsburys, used 7 months 185
Vose, mahogany case 225
Sterling, used IS months 270
All guaranteed 6 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell Bt.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE
M, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and* satisfy the
customer.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st. ■
A GRAND opportunity to save money in the
puchase of a high grade piano for cash this
week. Room 12. Flood building.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal to COOKE. 10S1 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). .136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon an.l Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister Bt., next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER ' pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZT, Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post Bt. .
KXABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repairer, 2 Lntham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale; terms rea-
sonable. 11% Welsh st., rear.
TYPEWRITER, Remington No. 5, good as
: new, $40; flat-top desk, $12. 612 Examiner bids.
A NEW sealskin, latest style; price $90, cost
$180. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
I SMITH American organ; cost $100; sell for $40;
in good order. 1007 Tennessee St., between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
CREAMERY machinery for Bale; a bargain;
almost new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.: sold separately or together. Apply
box 447, Petaluma. Cal.
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine in fine condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 514-516-518 Mission st.
LIBERAL commission for Information of tools
and machinery for sale. Epstein. 648 Mission.
FRESH milking Jersey for sale. 1625 San
Bruno road.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
' complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st., near loth.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AH sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2. $125;
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission St.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will
. fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
Ifi nagef«. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES. ~
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought. Hold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth it.
~- "attorneys at law.
ADVICE free: R. W. King, attorney at law;
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages,' damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
. tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. G. " W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
AM no lawyer, but in divorce matters will glvi
full Information free; ' strictly confidential.
Box 831, Call office.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
tW^PAVIp.SQ.y, 527. Maflftt gy ;~. sj;
HOUSES TO LET.
7 ROOMS, $25; 10 rooms, $35; baths, laundries,
gardens, in thorough repair; in Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 26 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth st.
SUNNT house, 6 rooms; bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye., between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Gold?n Gate aye.
CEDAR aye., 117, north of Geary st.. near Van
Ness aye. — House, 7 rooms and bath.
GEARY, IMS, between Polk and Van Ness-
House of 9 rooms and bath.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; good for lodging house. In-
quire 115S Howard St.. nr. Bth; two- entrances.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOI'SES TO LET.
TO let— Furnished house of 6 rooms and bath;
sunny corner. Apply GEO. W. H. PATTER-
SON & CO., 1706 Market st.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, 685 Guerrero st.
HOUSE to let and furniture of 7 rooms for
safe. 12 Laskie. off Mission, bet. Sth and 9th.
FCRMSHED FLATS.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; also
$350 piano in use only three months; for sale
cheap. Call forenoons from 8 to 12 m. at 775
O'Farrell st. '
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON. 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth et. ; rent $6.
A— -6-ROOM modern cottage; nicely furnished;
piano; convenient to Berkeley train also Oak-
land cars; adults only. Box 866. Call.
DEARBORN, 30, off Seventeenth, near Valen-
cia—Cottage, 3 large rooms and bath, fur-
nishod complete for housekeeping; piano; $15.
$6 EACH — Cottage, 5 rooms, 2 new tenements
of 4 rooms. ; nr. 34th and Mission sts. Apply
64 Silver st., off Third.
$6 EACH— Cottage, 6 rooms. 2 new tenements
of 4 rms. nr. 34th and Miss. Apply 64 Silver.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage 7 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20.
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO, 458, near Market— Fine new sunny
upper double flat, 10 rooms; stable; cheap.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
C< ILE, 761— Modern eunny flat of 6 rooms and
bath; cheap.
ELEGANT 7-room upper flat; bath; laundry:
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. ni. to 2
p. m. 71SA Bush st.
ELLI^, 711 Vfc— Furni shed fiat; use of piano; all
conveniences In kitchen; stationary tubs, etc.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath: modern Improve-
ments; rent $22. 1307 Eddy st.
GEAR 7, 2257— 6-room flat; complete for house-
keeping; piano, etc.; reasonable; call from
12 to 6.
GROVE, 42, nr. Larkin and City Hall— Nice
upper flat; C rooms and bath; $22 50.
GROVE, 1609— Nicely furnished 3-room flat;
piano.
HARRIET, 253. near Sixth and Folsom— 3 sunny
- ; $8.
LOVELY sunny upper flat of 7 rooms; bath.
4!1 Lyon St.. near Park; very cheap.
LOVELY new upper flat; porcelain bath, etc.;
ju. 184 Precita aye., near Mission Ft.
NICE fl.it, 5 rooms, bath and cellar; rent $22 50;
water free. 14:!5 Octavia st.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWBLL, 10 Montgomery st.
PAINTER and paper hanger and good house
carpenter with family can get flat and take
most of rent in work. Box 855, Call.
SHOTWELL, 22, near Fourteenth— sl3; sunny
lower flat ; 4 rooms, bath and yard.
TWO sunny flats: bath: 4 rooms each; 1 fur-
nished; *17 and $14; couples, no children. 811
Leavenworth st.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Upper
eunny 5 rooms; $15.
TS7 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms: $17.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry. $12, $14 and $15; 5
liiree rooms, bath, laundry, $22 ."0: thorough
r>'ia!r: charming location; Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER, 86 Glen Park aye., off 12th st.
5 ROOMS, bath and cellar. 1423 Octavia St.
$10— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; IVi blocks from
Market Bt. 132 Hose aye., bet. Gough and
Octavia Kts.
$18— 4-ROOM upper flat: sunny side. Army St.,
bet. Valencia ami Guerrero.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA, 707. cor. of Eighth— l sunny
housekeeping room with laundry and bath; $7.
EDDY, 743—3 or 4 nicely furnished or unfur-
nished rooms with all conveniences; cheap.
FELL, 26- ! front sunny unfurnished rooms;
running water: reasonable; also small rm, $5.
FIRST, 2«— 3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping, $12 mo; 2 unfurnished. $6.
FIFTH. 322— Large, sunny front bedroom and
kltfhen; grate. Fink, water, bath: private; $11.
FIFTH. 3P2 -Completely furnished hkpg. rms.,
Fincle or double: private family: rent low.
FIFTEENTH^ 2136, north of Market- 3 un-
furnished housekeeping rooms In cottage.
HOWARD, 52o — Rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping, $6 and $8.
HOWARD, lOCS— Sunny front bay-window
, room, hot and cold water; complete; $1 50 wk.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— Sunny alcove room
with kitchen; complete hkpg; bath; $12 mo.
LEXINGTON aye., 2.'7 -Large sunny front fur-
nished room; also housekeeping; $6 to $10.
MARKET. 102S — Large f=unny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12.
MINNA. 546— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION, 1125H— Suite of sunny rooms; good
cook stove; $2 week.
MISSION, 2133— Suites 2 or 3 newly nicely fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping; $11
and $14; bath.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite; gas, stove, water; $10; single.
NOE. 151—2 pleasant front rooms, first floor;
coal stove; tubs; bath: yard: $10.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— BaV-wlndow par-
lor; mantel; water; kitchen; gas stove; $12.
O'FARKKI.!,, 1029— Furnished alcove suite with
room adjoining; housekeeping if desired.
PARLOR suite, 2 rooms and kitchen, gas
range; front room for $6. 1021 Van Ness aye.
PINE, 1931—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
with bath and stationary wash tubs.
POLK, 605— Large furnished sunny front bay-
window alcove; 2 closets; email kitchen; 516.
POWELL, 418—2 housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
PROSPECT pi., 123. off California, bet. Powell
and Stockton— Room and kitcheni Just reno-
.vated; $9 to $10; private; German.
SEVENTH. 178— Cheerful furnished housekeep-
ing rms.; first floor; stationary tubs; yard; $9.
SEVENTH, 191— Sunny bay-window; also other
rooms for housekeeping from $6 up.
SHOTWELL, 211— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room.
STEVENSON, 403, corner of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping-; cheap.
TEHAMA. 475. near Sixth— 3 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, $12..
TENTH, 136, cor. Minna— Large front room
furnished for housekeeping; also single.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 per week.
VALENCIA, 834%, near Twentieth— Sunny front
room and kitchen; housekeeping; bath and
use of yard; $13.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms; gas ran^e.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms new-
ly papered, $." per month.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT RIOA Geary st., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $160 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms. '
AT 221) SEVENTH St.— Sunny furnished front
room; t* 50.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing' plaza; day or month.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No! 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CEDAR aye., 121, bet. Polk, Van Ness, Post
and Geary— l, 2, 3 lovely rooms; cheapest In
City; newly fujrnlßh.ed or ui^uruljthed., j
ROOMS TO Continued.
CLEMENTINA, 83—6 nice rooms; cheap rent.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS', 312, near Taylor— sunny hall bed-
room for gentleman. -
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS. 418— Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 635— Large nicely furnished sunny
room, suitable for 1 or 2 gents, $S per month.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin — Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel; gas.
FIFTH, 163H— Sunny suit of rooms suitable for
dressmaking or office; other rooms; quiet
house.
FOLSOM. 776^-Large furnished room; $4.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor suites; other rooms; piano; telephone.
GEARY, Neatly furnished bay-window
front suite, also others, and bath.
GEARY, 736 (old number 710), near Leaven-
worth— 2 single rooms, $4 and $5; with bath.
GEARY, 813%— 1 single and 1 double room; $6
and $10; private family.
'GEARY, 14A— Single room, running water, $1 25
per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 104 — Corner bay-window suite; Incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 731— Nice sunny ball bedroom,
suitable for gentleman; rent $4.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
IVY aye., 223, near Franklin — Pleasant front
room; stove if desired; sunny yard; garden.
KEARNY, 305, corner Bush— Remodeled; new
furniture; several choice sunny front rooms.
LOS ANGELES House, 614 A Furnished
rooms, single, double; housekpg; transient.
MARKET, — Nicely furnished rooms and
: offices; terms -low; also housekpg; transient.
MARTHA place, 6, off Geary Large sunny
room for 1 or 2, $8.
MASON, 12A— Sunny suite or more rooms, with
kitchen, suitable for doctor or dentist.
McALLISTER, 725, above Gough— Large fur-
nished room, with gas; $8 per month.
MINNA, 725, bet. Bth & Bth— 2 nice unfurn.
rms.; bay-window; front garden; big yard.
MISSION, 825— Sulto of two rooms first floor;
also front room suitable for two gentlemen.
NINTH, 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms, $1 25
per week.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
PARNASSUS aye., 215. near Park— Room fur-
nished or unfurnished.
ROYAL House, . 126 Ellis Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 653 — large rooms; sunny cottage;
$8.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THIRD, 25— Sunniest rooms in San Francisco;
white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. near Van N. . - i 'i.-asant
sunny rooms; private family; references.
ELLIS, Nice sunny rooms, with good
board, use of parlor and piano, $20 each.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room, T4 .a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms: excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POST, 60S, near Mason— Pleasant sunny room»,
with excellent board: meals at all hour».
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite: bath; excellent board.
RESTAURANTS.
PERTNI'fi. 16 Mason St.— French dinner, 50c;
lunch, 25c or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladies.
CAMPI'S Restaurant— Any 2 15c dishes with
' small coffee, 25c. 106-S O'Farrell, opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 23), nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.; popular nrices.
CHILDREN. BOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
postofflce and cars; not younger than 8 years;
: from responsible parties; good care. Address
MRS. F. W., Yountville, Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth et.
STORES TO LET.
LARGE corner store on Geary st. to rent or
lease for a term of years; low rent. Apply
E44 Geary st.
GROCERY and bar; good location; low rent;
living rooms. Apply 388 Third. St.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates; also furnished apartments.
GEARY. 822— Large first floor bay-window front
furnished suite, suitable for doctor or dentist.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg, 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F. , Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
■Sixth; telephone ■ South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
• elry st the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Sto;^. f?j Tarket St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY,' 630 Market st.
WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, ■without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 118 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
■ tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger,3l2 Examiner big.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
. struction, ■ mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
. teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AN experienced English teacher will take a
: few private pupils; particular attention given
to nervous and backward pupils and to la-
dles and gentlemen, whose education has
been neglected. Box 830, Call.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
Individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723. Market st.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50: law rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi. ; day & eve.;
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 533 Market.
NEVER too late to get good teacher. Prof. L.
Merki, violin, mandolin, guitar. 1008 Mission.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post> ablest prots.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BLACK horse and family carriage, complete
rig, for sale cheap. Address GRAY, 915 Call
building.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
lw « 1 *fcJ3?* ! 2£ 55 4 . h .° r J> e - B A at...
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A RARE CHANCE
IN CITY SUBURBS.
Splendid large lot, 44:6x103:6; owner leaves
town; reduced from $550 to $350. 21 Powtll,
rooms 1 and 2.
5-ROOM cottage, in good condition, to be re-
moved or taken down by May 1. For par-
tlculars address box 876, Call office.
$100 CASH, $25 a month— s rooms, bath, base-
ment: lot 25xJ14; concrete walks: half block
from cars; 524 Elizabeth St.. near Douglass
J. ANDERSON. USA Eleventh St.. owner and
builder.
COUNTRY ill. \l. ESTATE.
(4800— BARGAIN; 160 acres rich fartTTrand^weTl
Improved; all fenced; plenty good water; B
miles northwest from Livermore. For parti-
culars address RASMUS BJORN, Livermore,
Alameda County, Cal.
TEN miles from San Rafael, 3 minutes' walk
from railroad; ranch of 6 acres, with modern
Improvements; $2500. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sola to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwcod. Shasta County, Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
44-ROOM rooming house; vacant lots $4000
31-room lodging house; house and lot 1500
56-room lodging house; city property 4500
20 acres in Placer County; anything 500
4 flats In the city for large lot 5000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. and 15 Eddy.
320- ACRE farm in Nebraska. $3200; clear; rent-
ed for lS9i: for any good California property.
T. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale — Three modern houses, 8 rooms, just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
inttallments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN, 3d & Washington sts.. Oakland.
$700— 5-ROOM cottage; barn; easy terms. 1765
Union ft., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
HOUSEKEEPING.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping-, or rooms
and board: beautiful garden; fresh milk. 1734
TVlrcware St.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— Lot 60x125: house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200 — 75x150; cottage. 6 rooms; Central aye.
$3500^ — Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand st., near San Antonio aye.
$3500—50x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut st., near San Jose
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
! cleco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations and can be
I bought on terms to suit; convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 80 Montgomery st.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
AF.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
PLEASANT home for ladies in delicate health;
large grounds; private. DR. FUNKE, 1416
Eighth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MILK ranch and business for sale; includes 1
acre of land, 3 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness; 85
milk customers: nets $90 month: situated In
Berkeley. T>. J. TORIN. real estate and ln-
puranoe agent, 2121 Stanford place. Berkeley,
PROPOSALS.
lit' I'OSALS for furnishing all the furnitureT
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
aiiu Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4, 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2587
(Fodrth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
eealed proposals will be received In open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON- !
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17, 1599, from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc.. for the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings, in strict accordance j
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed in
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3. 1599, copies of which can
be seen by intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No. 24
Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that all the material mentioned
in the specifications shall be manufactured in
the State of California, and that all labor
necessary in the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary in the erection
and completion of the work mentioned in the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing In the State of California.
And It Ip.to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and '
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank in
the city and county of San Francisco in a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of thjllr bid. and the party or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter into a "bond
in a sum equal to one-fourth (Vi) o f the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of tne contract.
Bidders will estimate and state a price oa
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to win "
First— For all furniture, including all metal
grill work in connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners' docks; all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelving
and vault doors; ventilators, Bertillon sv S -
tenv photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture.
Second— For gas and electric combination
. fixtures.
Third— For water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— For electrical apparatus, switch
board and telephone system.
Bidders will bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will be
awarded for each class to the lowest respon-
sible bidder.
For any further Information required as to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messrs
Shea & Shea.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former notice
in three daily newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
cation in the official newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forma
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the city and county
of San Francisco in a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and If the bidder shall fail or
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award is made, then and
in that case the said sum shall be collected
and paid into the City and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public gnod so requires.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
John J. Cornyn and Ella V. Mussio 27-22
Michael Shea and Delia R,egan 30-25
Christian Nielsen and Hansine J. Lund 29-2.
Francis P. Kearney and Annie Berg 38-37
Nils G. Thoren and Aurora R. Stromberg..3s-L'9
Remigio Valcl and Adelaide Pailatt 30-2?
~IIRTHS—MABRIA6ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARLOW— In this city, April 7, 1R99, to the
wife of Arthur J. Barlow, a daughter.
BARRADAS— In this city, April 7. 1599, to the
wife of L. C. Barradas, a daughter.
HART— In this city, April 6, 1889, to the wife
of A. Tlart, a daughter.
LANE— In this city, April 7, 1599, to the wife
of Mark Lane, a daughter.
LARRECQ— In South San Francisco, April 4,
1599, to the wife of John Larrecq, a son.
SILBERSTEIN-In this city. April 3, 1899, to
the wife of Julius Silberstein, a son.
WAFFORD— In this city. April 7, 1899, to the
wife of Harry Wafford. a son.
MARRIED.
CROSBY— LESCHINSKY— In this city, April 5.
James H. Crosby of Frultvaie and Edith J.
Leschinsky. of Redding.
_ . DIED ~ —
Abbott. Lillie H. Haycock. Judson
Barlow, Alice • Isaacs, Nellie
Blume, Gustave " Keller, Morice
Bradley, Minnie B. McNamara. Ann
Brown, Capt. R. S.. -Marshall. Julia
Casoly. Clarice M. Milievich. Chris J.
Chester. Hannah I. Robohm. Louis
Chevalier. Fortune Skng, Axel
Church. Carroll B. Smith. Hannah
Crowley, Con Soyer, Eliza F.
Degan, August Wallace. Romietta
Durroux. Joseph Wells, Benjamin
Fogarty. Mattie A. Wlnslow, Edward N.
Griffin, Thomas F. Zeimer, Delia
ABBOTT-In this city. April 7, 1809, Lllli*
Heasil, beloved daughter of George and An-
i nic Abbott, and sister of Millie Abbott, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years 4 months
and 17 days.
BARLOW— In this city. April 7. 1899. Alice, be-
low daughter of Arthur and Margaret Bar-
low.
BLU ¥, E Six-mile House. Mission road,
April 7, 1599, Gustave, youngest and beloved
son of Adolph and Wilhelmina Blume. a na-
" ve _ of San Francisco, ased 10 months and
20 days.
BRADLEY— this city, April 7. IBM. Minnie
8., beloved wife of the late Francis D. Brad-
ley, a native of Connecticut, aged 63 years.
BROWN— Oakland, April B, 1599, Captain R.
b. Brown of Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County, Cal., a native of Tynemouth,- Eng-
land, aged 49 years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), on arrival of the 8 o'clock creek
\ boat from Oakland at ferry depot, thence to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the body will
be cremated.
CASOLY— In this city. April 7, 1899, Clarice
Marieat, beloved daughter of Joseph and
Fanny Casoly. and grandchild of Mr. and
Mrs. M. D. Murphy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 8 months and 4 days.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2428 Geary street, corner of
Lyon, Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHESTER— this city, April 5. 1899. Han-
nah Isabelle Chester, dearly beloved mother
of Theodore and Agnes Chester, a native of
Mendocino County, California, aged 35 years.
(Mendocino County, California, papers please
copy. )
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CHEVALIER— In this city, April 6, 1599, For-
tune Chevalier, dearly beloved father of
George F. Chevalier, a native of Belle Isle,
• France, aged 85 years. :.'.:■
I (C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, 1523 Pine street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Victoires,
Bush street, where services will be held,
commencing at 10 o'clock.
CHURCH— In this city, April 7, 1599, Carroll
Blake Church, only son of Mr. and Mrs. C. J.
Church, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years and 8 months.
ETFuneral private, this day (Saturday),
at 2 O'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
CROWLEY— In Cuba. July 1. 1898. Con Crow-
ley, a native, of Rockland, Mass., aged 38
years and 6 months.
DEGAN— At French Hospital, April 6, 1899,
August Degan, a native of Marklrch, Alsace,
' aged 31 years.
C7"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
DURROUX— In this city, April 5, 1899. Joseph,
. beloved husband of Leonle .Durroux. and
father of George and Fernande Durroux, a
native of France, aged 53 years 5 months and
25 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of Seventh
and Market streets, where services will be
held under the auspices of Franco-American
Lodge No. 207.' Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
FOGARTY— In this city, April 7. 1599, Mattie
■ A., beloved daughter of Thomas and Lizzie
Fogarty, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-"
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence,. '■>*'■ Twentieth street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— this city. April 6, 1899. Thomas
F., dearly beloved husband of Sarah Griffin,
father of Cassie and Leslie Griffin, son of
James and the late Mary Griffin, and brother
of Mrs. M. King, Mrs. J. Winters. Mrs. E.
Mertz, Mrs. F. Valero and James, John.
Frank and Kitty Griffin, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years and 4 months.
ETFriends and members of Golden Gate
Camp No. 64, Woodmen of the World, are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 117 Welch street, thence to
St. Rose's Church, Brannan street, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAYCOCK— In Valley, February 17, 1539. Jud-
son Haycock, beloved father of Mrs. M. N.
Beaumont, and grandfather of Gerald Beau-
mont.
ISAACS— In this city. April 6, 1899, Nellie, be-
loved wife of William C. Isaacs, and be-
loved daughter of Mrs. J. Sheehan. a native
of San Francisco, aged 19 years and 10
months.- ■■>*l ■>;..
KELLER— In this city, April 7. 1899, Morice
Keller, beloved father of Richard, Edward
and Albert Keller and Mrs. C. M. Taylor, a
native of Baden, Germany, aged 85 years.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his son, Richard Keller, 509 Scott street. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
McNAMARA— In this city, April 7. 1899, Ann,
beloved wife of Patrick McNamara. and
mother of William and Edward J. McNamara
and Mrs. P. O'Donnell of Arizona, a native
of Ireland, aged ti c years.
ITTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MARSHALL— the City and County Hospital,
April 6, 1899, Julia Marshall, a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 24 years.
MILIEVICH— In this city. April 7, 189», Chris
J., beloved husband of Radoslava Mllievich.
a native of Herzegovina, Austria, aged 48
years. A member of Virginia Lodge No. 3.
I. O. O. F. (Virginia City, New, papers
please copy.)
EyFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and Market streets. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the par-
■ lors of the California Undertaking Company,
•405 Powell street, corner of Post.
ROBOHM— this city, April 5, 1899, Louis,
dearly beloved husband of Gesche Robohm,
father of Margaret, Sophie and Louis Ro-
bnhm, brother of Mrs. J. Behlmer. Mrs. H.
Schutt and Maria Robohm. and brother-in-
law of Cord Robohm, Mrs. A. Stahl and Mrs.
. H. . Diedricksen, a native of Oldendorf. Han-
over, Germany, aged 32 years 9 months and
2S days. A member of Hannovpraner Verein.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Union Square
Hall, 421 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the Han-
noveraner Verein. Remains at the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. vj%::
SKOG— In the City and County Hospita, April
7, 1899, Axel Skog, a native of Sweden, aged
37 years
SMITH— In this city. April 6, 1899, Hannah,
beloved wife of James A. Smith, and mother
of Mac, Ola, Kittie. Willie, Tom. Eddie,
Frank, Gracie, Ada and Maud Smith, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 49 years.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 402 San Jose avenue, thence, by 11:30
o'clock train leaving TVenty-flfth and Valen-
cia streets. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SOYER— In this city, April 7. .1899, Eliza F.,
beloved wife of George A. Soyer, and sister
of Mrs. N. Julian, a native of Grass Valley,
Cal., aged 26 years 6 months and IS days.
O. E. S.— Officers and members of Golden Gate
Chapter No. 1, O. E. S., are notified to attend
the funeral of our late sister, Eliza F. Soyer
(nee Julian), from 3033 Stelner street, between
Union and Filbert, to-morrow (Sunday).
Services at 2 o'clock. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. By order of
ADA R. DUNCAN, Worthy Matron.
WALLACE— In this city, April 6. 1899, Romi-
etta, beloved daughter of Judge William T.
and Romietta J. Wallace, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years.
(C7"Tho funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), a* 8 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 799 Van Ness avenue, thence
by 9 o'clock special car from Third and Town-
" send streets to Santa Clara, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated at St. Claire's
Church for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Santa Clara
Cemetery.
WELLS— this city, April 7, 1899, Benjamin
D. Wells, father of Douglas Wells, a native
of Connecticut, aged 87 years.
WINSLOW— this, city, April 6. 1899, Edward
N., dearly beloved husband of Rose Winslow,
brother of Christopher and Thomas Wlnslow,
and son-in-law of Mrs. Mary Keegan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
(T_7'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 509 Broderlck street, between Hayes
and Grove, thence to St. Agnes Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ZEIMER— In this city, April 7. 1899. Delia, be-
loved daughter of Daniel and Lizzie Zeimer,
and sißter of Isidor, Gilbert. Albert and Hat-
tie Zeimer, a native of San Francisco, aged
14 years.
IP?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 528 Grove street, thence to
Third and Townsend streets, to connect with
the 11:30 o'clock train. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery.
" HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flanagan St Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER*
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
_ Tolepfaofti South M. t ■■■-■■ ■
1112
PIRTELLE SAYS
WRIGHT STOLE
HIS WIFE AWAY
A Larkspur Capitalist Is Sued
for Heavy Damages.
The Woman Confessed to Her Husband
That She Was Unable to Resist Her
Pursuer's Influence.
Charles W. "Wright, one of the wealth
iest residents of Larkspur, Marin County,
jind president of the American Land and
Trust Company, with offices at 132 Market
street, in this city, Is posed as more than
an Unary villain in a suit filed yester
day at San Rafael. The plaintiff is Wil
liam H. Purtelle, also a resident of Lark
spur, and publisher in this city of several
building trades journals. lie sues Wright
for $10,000 damages, charging that his
wealthy neighbor debauched his wife,
May Purtelle, and ruined his home.
The plaint la sensational enough in
Itself, but the testimony promised in sup
port of its allegations Is even more so, in
cluding, as it will, the testimony of Pur
telle, a private detective In his employ,
the wife and one other, to the effect that^
the Larkspur landowner was caught with
>lre. Purtelle in a room in a well known
upper Kearny street lodging house only
a week ago yesterday.
ISefore that exposure the wife had made
a voluntary confession to her husband.
She admitted that she had bean unfaith
ful, and without saying so in so many
words had painted a picture of Wright
that has no prototype other than Sven
gali. She did not like the man, she said,
sind dreaded his approach, but sucn a
dread influence did he exert over her
that she could do nothing but submit to
him.
Purtelle is 38 years of age. iJis wife Is
L'u. a nr>t unhandsome and slender little
•u.i;..ii!. They were married, accoring to
implaint, at Vancouver, H. C, in
md from that time until the shadow
light fell across their paths had
lived together as man and wife. About
iw> Purtelle purchased from
Wright a. lot in Larkspur, "ii whic
bouse, himself and wife going
Wright seemed to taki
■ : .- : in the couple, and soon, it is
,»lis. Purtelle was a visitor at
Wright's home and a friend of Wright's
was doing well publisning
pap< rs in tJiis city, but thought he saw
ening for another Journal in Marin
'l started the Record at Lark-
The members of the Wright and Pur
: mailies wer<- friends and neighbors,
iing to the
no advance was made by
Wright against the happiness of tin.- Pur
ebold until July of last year.
Then, the plaintiff alleges, "<>n or about
■ July, 1898, and at divers.
times and on. other days aft< r that day
dant, wrongfully contriving and
intending to Injure the plaintiff and to
deprive him of the comfort, society, aid
if his wife, and in the first
ir.sta:. eged forcibly and with
out tl of the said May Purtelle,
wickedly, willfully and maliciously de
bauched the said May Purtelle."
This allegation is based entirely on the
confession of the wife, made two weeks
ago, as a result of which the Purtelles
PRINCIPALS IN SCANDAL THAT HAD ITS BEGINNING IN LARKSPUR
separated, the wife leaving the cottage
at Larkspur to reside in this city, in
impfaint the husband charges that
"Wricht maliciously enticed .her away and
"has ever Bincd a< tamed and harbored
her."
The confession was made one evening
after Purtelle had taken her to task
about certain familiarities he thought he
had noticed Wright Caking with her. She
denied at first, but when the husband in
sisted that he could not have been mis
taken the woman broke down. She cried
piteously and admitted that she had
wronged him. Wright was the cause, she
said; she had not intended to sin, but
in his hands she was wax to be molded
to any mood. _ _ , ;
Shortly after she and her husband had
moved into their Larkspur cottage, she
•said, Wright's attentions had begun. His
chosen times of approach were those
when her husband was in the city. She
knew, she said, that the man meant her
wrong, and she avoided him as much as
possible. He was persistent, she added,
BO much so that, not content with calling
at the house, from which she prevented
him from entering time and again by
locking the door, he would follow her into
the wood? close at hand when she went
for firewood.
At last, Mrs. Purtelle declared to her
husband. Wright abandoned persuasion
and tried force and succeeded in his de
sign. Prom that time forward,, according
to the complaint, Wright's relations With
Mrs. Purtelle "were accomplished by said
defendant under menace and duress and
threats of exposure."
Just whai were the feelings of Purtelle
at this revelation are not known, lit
tlj denounced his wife and she lefi
him, as he alleges, at the instigation of
Wright, and Is now in this city making
own iiving. The husband, whether
doubting the woman who had confessed
her unfaithfulness or being unwilling to
act without proof, called upon an attor
ney, who advised him that the only rea
sonable method of satisfying himself of
tin true condition of affairs was to em
ploy a detective.
Purtelle acted upon this advice. The
tive was engaged to shadow Mis.
Purtelle, and did so so faithfully that
a week ago yesterday all th< evidence
the husband thought necessary was
• d in his possesion. The detective
had followed Wright and Mrs. Purtelle
to the Hobson House, 417 Kearny Btreet,
where they had taken a room. He no
tified the husband, and together they
proceeded to the door behind which the
couple were concealed, un the demand
of th^ proprietor of the house the door
was opened and Wright and Mrs. Pur
•• ■ r< revealed.
The scene was dramatic in its intensity.
The husband, who had so long controlled
his feelings, rushed at his erstwhiie
neighbor, attempting to strike him.
Wright jumped back and falling upon the
!•• d with his hands and heels in the air
attempted to explain.
"Hold on, Purtelle," he is said to have
exclained. "Hold on; we were only hold
ing a i onsultation on a business matter."
Purteile was restrained by the detec
tive and the lodging-house proprietor and
taken from the room, the others vacating
uickly as possible. Saturday morn-
Ing Purtel upon his attorneys
and instructed them to file suit for dam
si Wright. Shortly after leav
ing his lawyers Purtelle claims he re
ceived an intimation from Wright that
is ready to .-vttle. Purtelle referred
him to bis counsel. In a conversation
Liter over the telephone Purtelle's at
torney .-ays he told Wright he would
no] talk of settlement until the Larkspur
■ is; - , i w fit to secure an attorney
and make the terms before a notary and
igrapher.
After that conversation nothing was
heard by Purtelle or his attorneys from
Wright, and the suit was filed as soon
as the complaint could be drawn, which
concludes: "That by reason of the prem
ises the plaintiff has been and still is
wrongfully deprived by the defendant of
the comfort, society and aid of his said
wife, and has suffered great humiliation
and flistress of body and mind in con
• nee of the wrongful and mali
eonduct of the defendant, in his
damage in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000) dollars, gold coin of the United
States."
His Leg Crushed.
Charles Lundo,uist filed suit yesterday
against the Sutter Street Railway Com-
pany to recover $15,000 for personal inju
ries, riairltiff avers that, through the
negligence of the defendant corporation.
he was knocked down by a car on Sutter
street, near Devisadero. on February ::.
and before he could pull himself off the
track the wheels of the dummy pa
over him. crushing his right leg in such
a manner that it nad to be amputated.
narrow escape.
Lieutenant E. R. Irwin, Wounded
During the Filipino Trouble,
Ib Here.
lieutenant E. R. Irwin, Company M.
Washington Volunteers, has arrived from
the Philippines and is registered at the
Russ. Lieutenant Irwin was wounded
during the engagement with the Filipino
insurgents before Santa Ana. An hour
after Lieutenant Hogan of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers was struck with a
.Mauser bullet six feel from the spot
where Irwin met with his mishap.
"I was distributing ammunition," said
Lieutenant Irwin. among the Washington
boys in a rice field -when I felt a stinging
sensation in my neck and I was knocked
over the cartridge box. From the course
which, the bullet took I must have been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1899.
DEATH TAKES AWAY
A FAIR, YOUNG LIFE
Miss Romietta Wallace Succumbs
to Heart Failure After Four
Hours' Illness.
MISS ROMIETTA WALLACE, the youngest daughter of Judge and Mrs.
William T. Wallace, died at her home. 7:6 Van Ness avenue, Thursday
evening. Death came like a flash, and when the news of the untimely
demise Bpread throughout the city yesterday it was regarded as a ter
rible mistake by hundreds of the young lady's friends. The Judge and his
wife are heart-broken over their loss. Only a few years ago another
daughter, just ripening into womanhood, was taken from them, and the in
tensity of their present grief can scarcely be realized.
Miss Wallace had been apparently in the best of health until about 4
o'clock Thursday afternoon. While conversing with her father she suddenly
complained of feeling ill. and soon afterward was taken with a spasm. Medi
cal aid was summoned, and Dr. Thorn arrived at the house a few moments
afterward. His efforts and skill proved unavailing, and his patient gradu
ally sank, and died at 8:15 p. m., a little more than four hours after she had
first noted her indisposition. The cause of death was heart failure.
Miss Wallace was one of the best known young ladies in the fashion
able circles of this city. She possessed a lovable disposition which en
deared her to all. and her charming personality and lofty accomplishments
made her popular wherever she went. She was but 23 years of age and was
educated at Sacred Heart College. At a ball given November 21, 1896, by her
parents, Miss Wallace made her debut into society. The. affair was one of
the most notable functions of the season.
At her deathbed were her parents, her sister CMrs. John F. Sheehan) and
her brother, Richard Wallace. Another sister. Mrs. Richard Sprague, is in
New York, and her other brother, Ryland Wallace, is absent in Europe.
Both of the latter received the sad intelligence by telegraph.
The funeral services will be held this morning from the family residence
at S o'clock. An hour later a special car. attached to the 9 o'clock train, will
• \ the sorrowing friends and relatives to Santa Clara, where the final
services will be held in St. Claire's Church, and the body deposited in the
family vault in Santa Clara Cemetery.
hit by a sharpshooter who was hidden in
a tree on the road, which was several
higher than the lield. Two men of
my company helped me across the line
during the iire to the field hospital back
of blockhouse IL I was then taken to the
reserve hospital at Manila with four
wounded men, and we were shot at
a number of times by the insurgents.
When we passed Pa en church the lire was
persistent, but their aim was bad and no
body was hit. Later, however, one of the
hospital corps was killed while carrying
back wounded men on a litter from the
field hospital to the ambulance.
"Thf tire was so hot in the engagement
that two nun who were killed outright
were used by their comrades as a sort of
breastwork to shield them from the bul
lets, half a doßen of which shot into one
ot the dead men. My wounds have all
i • seep! a small one in the
shoulder."
A Lecture on Manila.
Douglass White, who has recently re
turned from Manila, will lecture at Na
tive Sons" Hall April 14 under the aus
pices of Cathedral Council No. 59, Young
Men'fl Institute. The subject of his dis
course will be, "The California Regiment
at Manila." An interesting programme
has been arranged for the evening in con
junction with the lecture.
Flor de Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First-class stores have them on
If your dealer does not carry them
send us $:; for a box of twenty-five Flor
de Heyneman Delieiosas. expressage pre
paid. State color wanted. Money refund
ed to you if cigars not satisfactory. Hey
neman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. •
FOUL FIGHTER
BILLY SMITH
A RANK FAKER
Would Not Consent to
Meet Green.
WANTED GUARANTEED PURSE
THE PUBLIC DISGUSTED WITH
THE LATEST JOB.
Return Checks Were Given the Spec
tators and Their Money Should
Be Refunded by the Club
Without Belay.
Dictator Billy Smith, the mysterious
ear-chewer and champion jo'o fighte- of
America, by courtesy of Captain Jamrs
Gillin nf the police force was granted the
privilege last evening of entering the
ring at Woodward's Pavilion in civilian's
dress and announcing to a generous sport
ing public that because of the meager at
tendance he would not fight Green.
The ultimatum of the dictator was
greeted with hoots and yells of "Put niri
out of the house!" "Smith has got cold
feet!" and other remarks which are not
printable.
To the credit of Green it must be ra-d
that he was satisfied to fight Smith in
accordance with the articles of agree
ment, to which ho had attached his sig
nature. They read as follows:
"We, the parties of the second part,
agree to box twenty (20) rounds for a de
cision, Marquis of Queensberry rules, for
and in consideration of sixty-live (65) per
cent of the gross receipts to be derived
from the admission fee to said exhibi
tion; the said gross receipts to be divid
ed between said parties of the second part
as follows, to wit: The winner to take
seventy-five per cent and the loser to take
twenty-five per cent."
There is not a single line in the articles
which stipulates that in case of a limited
attendance the club should guarantee the
fighters any particular sum other than
what the percentage of the house call.-d
for.
But Mr. Smith, the bully pugilist, bar
room scrapper, etc., had the audacity to
i o c - ma vu < l foi \ his services a guarantee of
$J.tOO before he would condescend to entr*
the ring and carry out an agreement to
which he had attached his signature
Such men as Smith should be cast aside
as a nuisance and disturber by all clubs
that contemplate the giving of boxing en
tertainments. His record speaks Cor it
self He has had numerous tights which,
owing to the foul tactics he employed
were lost. His hghts with Green at ('arson
and with Lavignein this city are not above
suspicion. Previous to his fight in Carson
he telegraphed a particular friend in this
city, who had nursed his first wife on her
sick bed, to bet money on Green, and
when he was training for his fight with
Lavigne in Alameda he sent, the same
friend $200 in notes with instructions to
place it on him. Lavigne was satisfied
that Smith could whip him. hut expect
ing a good house and good betting he
(Lavigne) was willing to take the losers
end and then depart for England, where
he had an opportunity of meeting "Jim"
Burge. and by losing to him win also a
large amount of money in the betting
It is about, time that the boxing clubs
of San Francisco deal with tbese hippo
drome pugilists and vagrants with an iron
hand. It is not many years ago whfii
first-class fighters battled to a finish for
a $500 purse with the California Athletic
Club, and then there was no such thing
as asking a pug, ".Who do you Uk© for a
PLANS FOR A
GIANT GENERATOR
OF ELECTRICITY
It Will Be Without a
Rival.
A REVELATION IN MACHINERY
NEW ELECTRIC LIGHT COMPANY
BEGINS WORK.
Modern Appliances Will Enable the
Competitor in Light and Tele
phone Service to Establish
Reductions in Prices.
Rapid progress is being made by the
Independent Electric Light and Power
Company in preparing for the actual
work of competition in the local field
of telephone service, electric heating
and lighting. Under instructions
from Claus Spreckels and sugges
tions from Engineer M. Hunt, the
firm of Charles C. Moore & Co. is
designing plans for what shall be
the most modern and most effective
steam plant on the Pacific Coast. This
plant will be without a rival west of
the Rocky Mountains and will have few
equals in the United States. It will
have all of the best features of the best
plants of similar character in the coun
try and will have none of their defects.
In its construction the finest and most
modern machinery known to mechani
cal engineers will be used. While it
will be the most expensive plant for
the production of electricity on the
coast, it will still be the most economi
cal, as it is estimated that it will be
capable of generating electricity at a
cost of from 15 to 50 per cent less than
any other existing plant on the coast.
In the construction and' location of
the new plant two factors of the great
est importance have entered. The new
company, much more fortunate than
the corporation? with which it will
compete for public patronage, will have
the advantage of an unlimited coal and
water supply practically without cost:
Instead of being forced to pump water
a distance of more than a mile, the
new company will have at the door of
its power house more water than it
will need. Instead of being compelled
to haul coal at great expense, the new
company will be able to transfer with
out cost all its coal from the dock to
the grates beneath the boilers.
In this way enormous expense will
be saved. Even without the advantage
of the best machinery in the market
these savings would place the new
company in the field as a formidable
competitor. In • many respects the
steam plant of the new company will
be a revelation to the people of the
coast. Nothing like It is in existence
in the West and one must travel f.
New York to see its equal and find any-
referee?" The club had its referee, and it"
the fighters attempt.il "a fake" they
were thrown out of the ring and disquali
fied from entering the club in future.
But how different the state of affairs at
the present day! The pugs insist upon
selecting their own referee and gulling
the gullible lovers of the same by ex
hibitions of hippodrome which, fortu
nately, have about seen their end so far
as this city is concerned.
The McCoy and Choynski prearranged
affair had i"ts effect on last night's at
tendance. And to this may be added the
"Kid" Lavigne-Walcott fake, the "Kid"
Lavigne-Tracey fake, and the "Kid" I>a
vigne-Billy Smith fake of rather recent
date.
It is not to be wondered at that the
people of San Francisco who patronizr
the game have at last grown weary of
bunko fights, and it is safe to say that
until the clubs appoint their own referees
hippodromes will be given to the good
natured but unsuspecting public.
After a couple of tame preliminary
sparring bouts, which were put on at 8:30,
the crowd was kept waiting fifty-five
minutes before any further excitement
was offered. Then Green came from his
dressing-room with his seconds, Frank
Foster and Bob McArthur. and took a
seat in one of the corners of the ring. !!■■
sat there for about ten minutes, when
Announcer Billy Jordan came forward
and, raising his hand, said:
"Gentlemen, when this match was made
Mr. Green and Mr. Smith agreed to box
for 65 per cent of the receipts. Now, then.
Mr. Smith says there is not enough money
in the house "and he will not box for what
is here; but he will box if he is guaran
teed a $2500 purse. Now, then, I
do not see anything for you to
do except, as the manager says,
to go down to the box office and pet a
ticket for the next contest." " This last
sentence was received with prolonged
hoots and hisses. "No, no!" yelled some.
"Money back." yelled others.
Smith then pushed his way through the
crowd and clambered between the ropes,
li. was dressed In street costume and ap
parently had no Idea of fighting. He was
roundly hissed and hooted, and Police
Captain Gillen had to come forward and
call for order before he could be heard.
When quiet was restored Smith said. "I
refuse to go on unless there is fSSOO guar
anteed." after which he turned and
climbed out of the ring. Smith could not
have felt very much flattered at the way
his statement was received, for the feel
ings of the crowd were anything but
friendly toward him.
Green's turn came next. As he passed
through the ropes to go to his dressing
room he was loudly cheered, and turning
raised his voice and said. "I am willing*
to go on for what is in the house, and I
think thi' National Club ought to pay me
my end of the purse." The crowd evi
dently thought so, too, for his remarks
were applauded.
This was the end of the fiasco. Slowly
the crowd began filing out of the build
ing. At the box office each man was
handed a return check. Whether this
will be exchangeable for the money paid
in or whether the club management will
try to force its proposition of giving
tickets good for some fight to come WiM
not be decided until to-day. The National
Club has no contest billed or date set for
any future contest.
Business men and others left their
homes last evening expecting: to have an
entertainment, instead of which they
were treated to a bald fiasco. If the
managers of the National Club want to
do the square thing there is no course left
open to them but to immediately return
the money of every ticket' holder
at last night's contest. ' Further
more, they should hereafter, if
they attempt to promote other
fights, secure from the men matched a
certain cash guarantee that they will ap
pear, to be forfeited to the other man
should either man fail to e-o on. Had this
been done before, last night's disappoint
ment would not have occurred, uiboa and
Groom owe it to the public that support
their entertainments to see that pome
protection like this is afforded, and if
they do not' do so the attendance at fu
ture contests under their management
will be even smaller than it was last
night.
The proposed henvy-woight preliminary
bout between Jim Jeffries and Al Collins
was declared off early in the evening
Drs. Lustlg and Jones examined the men
and stated that Collins' heart was weak,
and that it would be a mistake for him
to fight. So the crowd got absolutely
nothing for its money.
The betting on the Smith-Green fake
closed at 10 to 6^, with Smith on the long
' ADVERTISEMENTS. •
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■^■■■■■■■■■■■■■■B
Stark's
« Concert
Famous 2 10 5
_ - This Afternoon.
Orchestra. -
Program s
March, "Under the Double Eagle".. I 6— Selection. "Carmen" (by request). Bizet
Wagner 7— March, "Wien Blelbt Wien"... Schramel
2-Overture, "Jolly Robbers" Suppe erture > "3emiramide;\...... ...Rossini
3-Gavotte. "Stephanie" Czibulkaj *~ Vi }? T }™ ?*°™.!™..l*™~. * Wagner
4— Waltz, "Path of Flowers" — Waldteufel io— "Waitz," "Merry War"..'.' ...Strauss
s— Farewell song, "Trumpeter of Sack- ; 11— Medley on popular airs Stone
Ingen" Newsier j Finale
New The last shi P ment °^Vf ilino* 500 yards of black
CW our spring" importation V Clllllg and colored veiling on
fllnvoc ot H - B - dollar gloves Qal liner sale in a ' sle 2 to - da
VIIUVC2>. j ust arr i V ed— 2 clasp: OC11111 & —fancy tuxedos, Rus-
— the newest cut and finish — neat- T7vf PQni^rlinOPTr s a n anc '
ly embroidered backs: nxiraorainary Brussels
Black Brown Tan Red nets and meshes in dots , and lam
White Navy Green Mode effects- twould be a fair asking
Gray Pearl at * wice the P 'ce-all ready ftP p
3 to-day Yard £UU
One Dollar. Ribbon 500 yards No 80alu
Fitted and guaranteed — cleaned silk double-face cord-
and mended free as many times Wp'iirc edge satin ribbon, A\
as you ask. IiCTTo* inches wide, in the new
WASHABLE CHAMOIS GLOVES- :J a '!l°;/. h t . a . ' c . S St. t . ooVary0 Yard y 35C
The spring brigade marched in .
yesterday — enameled clasps in j The McCall Magazines for April
colors to match the glove — silk or have been received and await sub-
Paris point embroidered back — a scribers .at the notion counter. By
piece of soap with printed wash- the bye, has your subscription run out?"
ing instructions with every Qtn Better renew to-day when you attend
pair Pair Q UU the concert
Two Bazaar Snaps.
An 8-quart retinned dishpan with a big cake of soap, all for ... 10c
CAKE MOLD — Makes a cake the shape of a Turk's hat or fez —
heavy tin , £»C
937-947 Market Street.
thing within a reasonable realm of
competition.
The new plant will be of the very
highest grade throughout and when in
stalled will be the most modern power
station on the coast. It is estimated
that the new company will not only be
able to supply the wants of the city in
electric power, heat and light, but will
be able as well to furnish power to its
competitors. The class of machinery
that will be installed is the most ex
pensive in the market, yet by the use
of superior economical devices will gen
erate electricity at the tremendous re
duction already indicated.
The firm which has the work in hand
has been commissioned to supply for
the new company Babcock & Wilson
•boilers of forged steel construction
throughout and capable of carrying a
working steam pressure of 250 pounds.
This capacity is most unusual, as com
parisons with other local concerns will
end. As the fight did not come off. rtouht
the poolsellers will return the bet
tors' money without deducting the usual
percentage taken out when a contest is
held. It is bad enough for the spectators
to take a chance of losing their admission
money without suffering the further loss
of a commission on bets made in the pool
rooms.
The famous otd JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
fcnmmended by physicians for family and
lediclnal use because It Is pure.
Intercollegiate Game.
BELMOXT, April 7.— ln the game of
baseball played in the college campus
here yesterday the team from Santa
Clara College defeated Belmont by ascore
of in to 2. A marked Improvement was
shown in the work of the Belmont team.
their playing being the best they have
displayed' this year. Pitcher Kelly, the
regular twirler for Santa Clara, was ab
sent, but Nlhill, who officiated in his
place, did good work, barring a tendency
\n become Wild at Times. Santa Clara's
heavy batting and the sensational field-
Ing of Prill of Santa Clara were the fea
tures of the game.
BASEBALL TO-DAY.
Oakland and San Jose to Battle for
Supremacy.
San Jose will make Its first appearance
.it Recreation Park this season at
3 o'clock this afternoon. when the
Gardeners will go up against the Oak
land.- In the firsi of a series of two games.
Hanlon will be on first base for the vislt
two
new
Saving Stores
Monday, April ioth
We will open our new store at
73^ Market street, near Call build-
ing; also branch store, 1311 Polk
street.
These stores will be run like the
six saving stores across the bay
the very best goods at the very
bottom prices for cash.
See prices in Sunday's papers
No Liquors— just
good Groceries
san francisco : B^^^BSaiSaro^^^^^ff B^ V JiHiTi OAKLAND:
735 Market St. W I """^^^F^^4 9 th & 'U'ashinKton
fesifjr [®1 kEX*I?I t " m "°-
Tel. I.nrkin324 k II Io6 ° Wash »ngtoa
BiRKiLU WC^ffil '"l^'T'^^^Sß iHi^L Te\. Main 129
ala-cda:' BTtWIJ SMI Tel. Red 3554
Central Aye and ■ A, BLtPLJB " t!l Wo <xl St.
ParkSt i^nflHMMBaBHMfl! Tel. Black 364!
demonstrate. Babcock & Wilson chain
grates stokers will be used, automat
ically feeding the coal, which, in con
nection with the automatic conveyor
system, will be taken direct from the
dock to the grates beneath the boilers
without any handling whatever. Al
though similar mechanical devices are
well known in the East there are no
modern plants of this sort on the Pa
cific Coast.
Acting under instructions Moore &
Co. will incorporate in the new plant
the latest and most approved auxilaries
of every description, taking advantage
in the construction of the best modern
Eastern practice. The engines are to
be the most economical type designed
for high pressure and to be directly
connected to the large electric genera
tors. The plant will also be supplied
with economizers, surface condensers,
a special system of feed water heaters
and every other known modern ap
pliance necessary to complete effective
ness. When completed the plant will
be without a rival in the local field.
ors and either Borchers or Andrews in
the box. Oakland will present Shea for
its delivery clerk and Lou Hardie has
been persuaded to stop digging for succu
lent clams for the afternoon and farm
flies in the right pasture. The teams are
evenly matched and are determined to
duplicate the great exhibitions of last
week, consequently there will be a gold
en opportunity for the cranks to sprain
their voices again to-day. The line-up is
as follows:
San Jose. Positions. Oakland.
Andrews or
Borchers Pitcher Shea
Kent Catcher Hammond
Stanton First base Moskiman
Anderson Second base L. Hammon.l
Kleiber Short stop Schm<?»r
Egan Third base Lange
Dalrymple Left field Borland
McGucken Center tield Donovan
Foley Right field Hardie
TALKED FOR PROHIBITION.
Orator Stewart Speaks of Saloons as
"a National Sin."
Hon. Oliver W. Stewart of Illinois, the
well-known Prohibitionist orator, ad
dressed a considerable audience at Pyth
ian Castle last night. He held that the
existence of saloons was "a national sin,"
for which the individual was responsible.
He was not in favor of any compro
mise with the liquor trafic, advocating
its complete extermination. Restrictions
by law, he declared, were simply a modi
fied form of Government protection to the
saloons. He is a forcible speaker and
closely holds the attention of his auditors
from beginning to end.