VOLUME LXXXV- _N r O. 132.
THE REBELS
DRIVEN FROM
SANTA CRUZ
Fatal Blow Struck at Insur
gent Supremacy on
Laguna de Bai.
LAWTON'S MEN WIN
They Are Booked to Follow the
Flying Natives Around
to Cavite.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, April 10.— The
town of Santa Cruz, the
modern capital of. La
guna province and the most im
portant place on Laguna de Bai,
is now in the hands of the Amer
icans, who. captured the town
this morninc;.
The expedition under command of
Brigadier Lawton, which
started from San Pedro -facate Satur
day evening to attack the rebels at the
southern end of Laguna de Bai and to
capture Santa Cruz, a hotbed of insur
gents, did not "each Laguna de Bai un
til midnight. The expedition, which
consisted of eight companies of the
Fourteenth Infantry, three companies
of the Fourth Cavalry, four companies
each of the First North Dakota and the
First Idaho Volunteers, two mountain
guns and 200 sharpshooters selected
from the Fourteenth Infantry and the
North Dakota and "Washington Volun
teers, was conveyed in fifteen native
lighters, which were towed by seven
tues. The lighters were heavily laden,
and considerable difficulty was experi
enced in navigating the Pasig River,
th* boats frequently running aground.
After the edition reached the head
of the river, which has its source in the
Lacuna de Pal. it was decided to wait
until daylight on Sunday before pro
ceeding across the lake.
As soon as the sun rose another start
was made, trie string of tugs and eas
cos moving off with the army gun
boats Laguna de Bai, Napldan and
Oeete in the lead.
a Tieax-y rain storm set In soon after
the start and the boats became some
what scattered and at 7 o'clock a halt
was made for half an hour to allow
them to get together again. While the
flotilla was waiting General Lawton
boarded the Laguna de Bai and held a
conference with the officers aboard of
her. The rain was accompanied by
very little wind, which was a fortunate
circumstance, as had the lake been
rough it would have been extremely
dangerous for the heavily laden cas
cos.
The boats were soon collected and the
expedition continued its voyage south
ward. At 9 o'clock a dense fog set in.
shutting out all view of the land. This
compelled another halt until the fog
lifted sufficiently to allow the pilots to
distinguish the shore marks.
Finally the expedition got within five
miles of Santa Cruz, where another
stop was made and the battalion com
manders were signaled to go aboard
the Laguna de Bai to receive final in
structions. While- these, instructions
were being given an insurgent steamer
was discovered two miles south of the
place where the expedition was lying,
but was not molested.
At 1 o'clock a roeonnoissanee of the
Ir.pu: nt positions was made by the
gunboats, the Napidan examining the
■  or Santa Cruz, while the La
guna de Bai reconnoitred to the nor^h
of the town and the Oeste to the south.
At half-past 1 the Napidan, which had
worked to the southward, opened fire
on the rebels, who were holding a posi
tion four miles south of the town. The
fire had continued but a very short
time, when hundreds of rebels could
be seen rushing in the direction of
Santa Cruz. They made no attempt to
reply to the American fire, but seemed
only intent upon getting out of range
of our guns. Many of them took to the
hills with such eagerness as io excite
derision among our troops.
The sharpshooters accompanying the
expedition were particularly anxious to
ashore, and when the order was
.. given for them to land cheered lustily.
They went ashore under the protection
of the guns of the Napidan, which
thoroughly shelled the woods in the
vicinity of the place selected for the
landing. The sharpshooters were fol
lowed by two battalions of the.Four
teenth 1 Infantry, under Captain Has-
brouck, and together attacked the
scattering enemy. The sharpshooters
proved themselves worthy of their
reputation. They picked off the Fili
pinos with precision and dispatch
whenever opportunity offered. And the
rebels were not long In discovering they
were affording targets for marksmen
•whose shots meant death, and took ad
vantage of every natural shield to pro
tect themselves in their retreat. ■
A battalion, of the North Dakota
I Regiment, under Major Fraim.and a
battalion of the Idaho Regiment,
commanded by Captain Linck, were
ordered to land after the other detach
ments had gone ashore. They were
at once deployed as skirmishers on the
left flank of the troops who were
marching toward Santa Cruz from the
south. The only opposition met with
was from small bodies of insurgents
who were in ambush at different places
along the route.
Meanwhile the Laguna de Bal was
attacking the rebels at the entrance of
the river. Darkness was approaching,
and the Americans were still two miles
■ Continued on Second
The San Francisco Call.
HOBART'S
CONDITION
IS SERIOUS
VICE PRESIDENT GARRET A. HOBART. ?
6
NEW YORK. April 10. — Albert F. Wilcox, law partner and business
associate of Garret A. Hobart. has just returned from Washington,
and to-day made an authoritative statement as to the health of the
Vice President. A few days ago a report was current that Mr. Ho
bart's illness was of no moment, and that he was attending to business
at his Washington home. Mr. "Wilcox, at his office in Patexson, gave dif
ferent information
"Aside from the doctors and nurses and Mrs. Hobart," Mr. Wilcox
said, "I was the first person to be allowed to see Mr. Hobart. As it was,
I was only allowed to see him on condition that I would not remain in
his room, more than five minutes and would not mention business. Even
President McKinley is not allowed to see the Vice President. The great
trouble is that when Mr. Hobart talks even a little, a violent paroxysm
of coughing follows, continuing until he is completely exhausted, and
sleep becomes impossible. Until this sickness, Mr. Hobart, no matter
what the excitement of the day may have been, never knew what it was
not to be able to sleep. No mail matter is allowed to reach him and his
wife and physicians are devotedly working to protect him from his
friends."
PRESIDENT
TO PROCLAIM
PEACE TO-DAY
Ratifications of the Paris
Treaty Will Be Exchanged
at the White House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Peace
will prevail between the United States
and Spain after 3 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon. At that hour the formal ex
change of ratifications of the treaty of
Paris will occur at the White House.
In anticipation of such exchange, the
State Department is preparing a formal
proclamation, which will be issued im
mediately after the ceremony, an- 1
nouncing to the world that peace once
more exists between the Madrid and
Washington Governments. Telegraphic
dispatches announcing the fact will be
sent to the American diplomatic repre
sentatives abroad, but no formal state
ment will be communicated to the dip
lomatic corps here, the members of
which will receive their Information
from the proclamation of the President.
Unlike many ceremonies of a similar
nature which have taken place abroad,
the proceedings to-morrow will be de
void of ostentation. None of the mem
bers of the diplomatic corps, except
Embassador Cambon, First Secretary
Thiebaut and Chancellor Boeufve. com
prising the French Embassy, will be
present, and the President will ba sur
rounded by Secretary Hay and other
officials of the State Department, sev
eral members of his Cabinet and the
Executive Mansion staff. ■-:_ — ,'>;
In anticipation of the return of peace
consideration Is being given by the
President and Secretary Hay to the ap
pointment of a Minister to Spain and
reappointment of Consuls in that coun
try. It is the understanding. of the of
ficials that Spain will designate the
Due d'Arcos as Minister to this coun
try and the best information obtain
able shows that the President will
probably direct the transfer of Law
rence Townsend, now Minister to Por
tugal, to Madrid.
Called to a New Pastorate.
SANTA CRUZ, April 10.— Rev. Thomas
Fllben, for two years pastor of the Meth
odist church, has resigned, to take effect
May L Dr. Fllben is to succeed the late
Dr. Jewell at Pacific Grove. j He will bo
succeeded here by, Rev. ftL D. Buck, •■
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
FUNERAL OF
FIELD TO DE
VERY SIMPLE
After the Church Services
Thursday Remains to Be
Placed in a Vault.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters. Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 10.
The funeral of Stephen J. Field will
occur Thursday morning at 10:30
o'clock. The remains will be placed in
a vault in Oak Hill Cemetery until Mrs.
Field decides whether to have the body
interred in California or in Massachu- j
setts. Her disposition at this time is
to have the remains taken to Cali
fornia, but Mr. Field's brother Is de
sirous that the ex-Justice be laid be
side his father and brothers at Stock
bridge. Mass. ■ . i
Rev. Henry M. Field, the brother, ar
rived in this city late last night and
went immediately to the Field resi
dence. He is the only surviving mem
ber of the famous Field family, and un
til lately was editor of the New York
Evangelist.
Telegrams and messages of respect
have been received all day at the late
home of Justice Field. Early this
morning a handsome floral piece was
received from the White House bear
ing the cards of President and Mrs.
McKinley, with kindly sympathetic
messages of regrets. A number of
other floral tributes have also been re
ceived from members of the bar in this
city and from out of town.
Among the telegrams- received by
Mrs. Field was one from Embassador
Choate in London. The members of
the Supreme Court called at the Field
residence in a body to-day. •
The services here on Thursday will
be held in Epiphany Church and will
be private.
It was the intention to give the emi
nent jurist a public funeral in the Su
preme Court chamber, but in accord
ance with the wishes of the family this
plan has been abandoned and the serv
ices will be as simple and as private in
their character as the ritual of the
Episcopal church will permit.
The funeral will be attended by rep
resentatives of the District bar, and
the honorary pall bearers will be
members of the United States Supreme
Court, j " " \ :-%~f — : —
_______  "_
THE KAISER
WILL SUPPORT
CONSUL ROSE
Formal Objection to the In
stallation of Malietoa
Tanu as King.
THIS LOOKS SERIOUS
Great Britain and America Asked
by Germany to Restore the
Status Quo in Samoa.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YOR-C April io.—
The Washington correspondent
of the Herald telegraphs: For
mal objection to the installation
of Malietoa Tanu as King of Sa
moa by the American and Brit
ish officials at Apia was regis
tered to-day at the State De
partment by Embassador yon
Holleben.
Similar action is understood
to have been taken by the Ger
man Embassador in London.
The German Government
feels that in the enthronement of
Malietoa Tanu the United States
and Great Britain have violated
I the terms of the treaty of Berlin,
| which enjoins the installation of
1 either Mataafa or Malietoa
Tanu as King. The Washing
ton and London Governments
I should have waited for the re
port and findings of the commis
| sion which is to be appointed to
investigate the entire Samoan
question.
Malietoa Tanu having been
installed, Germany thinks that
in justice to herself the two Gov-
I ernments should return the situ
i ation in Samoa to that which ex-
isted prior to his installation. It
is not believed that the officials
propose to take any such action.
Germany has been informed,
however, that the United States
is quite willing- that the commis
sion shall consider the Kingship
question, and this is the farthest
this Government will probably
go-
The German Government has
also objected to the course of
Rear Admiral Kautz in the mat
ter of the dissolution of the pro
visional government and the
shelling of Mataafa's forces, and
is inclined to support Herr Rose.
JONES OF
ARKANSAS
VERY ILL
Must Resign as Chairman of
the Democratic National
Committee.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, April 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Sena
tor James K. Jones of Arkansas, chair
man of the Democratic National Com
mittee, who has been ill at his resi
dence in Washington for the last two
months, Is in such a serious condition
that it is impossible that he will be
able to take any active part in the
work of the committee again.
His heart is affected in such a way
that the least excitement is dangerous
for him, and his physician insists that
he shall be kept as' quiet as possible.
It is therefore probable that he will re
sign before any of the active prelimin
ary work of the campaign is under
taken.
If he does so his successor to serve
until the convention of the party in
1000 will be selected by the present Na
tional Committee-
SEVENTEEN SUICIDES
AT PARIS SUNDAY
Unfortunate People Who Could Not
Pay Bent Inhaled Charcoal
Fumes.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by : James Gor
don Bennett. -. . ■■;..: :-- ; -\. :■:■}■->,.
PARIS, April 10.— Seventeen suicides
were reported to the police yesterday,
nearly all due to poverty. Saturday be
ing quarterday, many of the victims were
unable to meet the demands of landlords,
and in desperation resorted to asphyxia
tion by charcoal fumes. >
CARDINAL GIBBONS
TALKS OF THE PAPACY
CARDINAL JAMES GIBBONS OF BALTIMORE.
FATAL RIOTS
IN THE STREETS
AND AT MINES
Pana, 111., Again the Scene
of Deadly Conflict With
Negro Coal Diggers.
Special Pisratch to The Call.
PANA. 111.. April 10.— A deadly riot,
the most serious disturbance that has
occurred here since the union miners
instigated the strike in April. 1898, was
enacted to-day, resulting in seven per
sons being shot to : death and nine
wounded as follows:
THE DEAD.
FRANK COBURN, citizen.
XAVIER LECOCQ, Frenchman, union
miner. __'„.'
FOUR NEGRO MEN.
ONE NEGRO WOMAN.
THE WOUNDED.
Frank La mis worth, shot in head; Mrs.
Henriot, shot in the left arm; Will
Kuhn, laundryman, shot in legs and
hand; Cyrus Stickler, shot in back: Al
bert Vickers, shot in hand; George
Kimball, shot in right .arm; Henry
Stevens, negro, shot six times; Cass
Proffltt, shot in foot; Carrie Felix, shot
in breast.
The situation quieted down at night
fall snd no more trouble was looked
for. SPff
Adjutant General Recce. Colonel A.
E. Culver and three companies of in
fantry arrived at 6 o'clock this evening
on special trains, and perfect order was
maintained throughout the town from
that t.me on. 'C- : : " :^V- :lU"; s
The troops now here are Company H
from Decatur, under Captain Castle;'
Company C. .from Springfield, under
First Lieutenant Bauman, and Com
pany B from Taylorville, .under Captain
B F_rish. The soldiers immediately
began patrolling the streets throughout
the entire town. Miners stood about in
groups talking, but there was no out
ward manifestation of excitement, al
though it was evident that great in
dignation existed, especially among. the
townspeople, over the shooting of the
citizens and women. V : ' ; -'"
Henry Stevens, a negro miner, who has
long been considered a leader among his
associates, is declared to have been the
direct cause of the riot. It is said he
was also the leader of the riot that oc
curred last September. -
Stevens has long cherished hatred for
Sheriff Downey and has openly made
threats that he would kill him on sight.
Yesterday he was on the streets with a
revolver, saying he was looking for Sher
iff Downey. He continued this to-day and
Sheriff Downey came upon him in Lo
cust street. The Sheriff commanded Ste
vens to deliver the revolver and told him
he was under arrest for carrying con
cealed weapons. Stevens without a word
Instantly leveled his weapon and fired at
the Sheriff, but the bullet went wild. The
Sheriff Immediately opened fire on the
negro. Deputy Sheriff Cheney, hearing
the shooting, rushed to join Sheriff Dow-
ney. v_ fltß_ft-flß_—
Stevens succeeded in gaining Penwell's
general store in Locust street, the prin
cipal thoroughfare, two blocks distant,
and took his stand in the entrance. He
hesitated there an Instant and then
stepped to the pavement, leveled his re
volver down the street toward his ap
proaching pursuer and fired. The bullet
missed the deputy and struck Xavier Le
cocq, a Frenchman who was standing in
the entrance of a nearby saloon,- square
ly in the forehead, killing him instantly.
Stevens then turned and ran into \ the
Penwell store and sought refuge behind a
counter. By this time the streets were
rapidly filling with men, all of whom bore
weapons. Downey dashed Into the store,
followed by Deputy Joe Mullen and sev
eral citizens. A fusi..ade of bullets was
poured into the store and Stevens emptied
Continued on Fourth Page.
MYSTERY IN
DREYFUS CASE
IS INCREASED
Private Secretary of Colonel
Henry Follows His Master
to a Suicide's Grave.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. April. 11.— Louillier,
who was private secretary to
the late Lieutenant Colonel
Henry, who committed suicide
at Mont Valerien Fortress last
August after confessing to hav
ing forged a letter largely in
strumental In delaying the
Dreyfus revision,' killed '■ himself
last evening. Louillier was a re
tired sergeant-major of . artillery
and had been in ill health. After
Henry's suicide he lived at Saint
Quern in in Isna, where he com
mitted suicide on receipt of a
telegram summoning him to
Paris.
PARIS, April 11.— The Figaro this
morning publishes the evidence given
before the Court of Cassation in the
Dreyfus, case by General Gallifet, ex-
President Casimir-Perier;- General La
Roche, under whom Freystaetter serv
ed in Madagascar; Professor Ocagne of
the Polytechnic School; Lonquety, the
witness referred to by General Roget
as having seen Dreyfus in Brussels;
Professor Painlove and M. Hadamard,
Dreyfus' cousin. General Gallifet said
he knew nothing about the confession
said to have been made by Dreyfus.
Only Darras, who was the commander
on the occasion of Dreyfus' degrada
tion, went to General Gallifet that aft
ernoon to express his pain over the in
cident. He said that Dreyfus had never
ceased to protest his innocence. Gen
eral Gallifet did not know of the drum
rolling incident. Asked his opinion re
specting Colonel Picquart, General Gal
lifet replied: "He served five years
under me and earned the profoundest
esteem of Generals Brault, Darras,
Bailloud and Millet. He was loved and
respected. It was with the greatest
pleasure that I gave evidence in behalf
of Colonel Picquart."
General Zurlinden sent a message to
General Gallifet to say that his evi
dence had produced the best effect.
General Zurlinden promised to ask for
the lightest disciplinary punishment in
consideration of Picquart's preliminary
punishment at Mont Valerien. Hence
the witness was astonished when Gen
eral Zurlinden a month later inflicted
the heaviest punishment. General Gal
lifet was asked to intercede in Pic
quart's behalf, but formally refused to
do so, though, he added, he had never
withdrawn his affection for him. Gen
eral Gallifet declared that when it be
came known that he was to give evi
dence he was solicited by the generals
not , to. appear. They were persuaded
that Esterhazy was innocent and Pic
quart guilty.
Marquis de Gallifet testified that the re
lations of Comte Esterhazy with the for
Continued on Second Page.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BALTIMORE, Md., April 10.— In
anticipation of the probable early
demise of the Pontiff, who, while
reported to be in no immediate
• danger, is nevertheless not likely
to live many days by reason of his ad
vanced age and feebleness, The Call's
correspondent came here to have an
audience with his Eminence, Cardinal
Gibbons.
Though having attained the eminence
of a Cardinal he, like the Pope, cele
brates mass regularly and is, as well, a
father confessor. He was in the con
fessional of the cathedral when The
Call's 'representative was received at
the residence.
Cardinal James Gibbons received his
red cap at Rome in 1886. He is sixty
five years of age, but appears much
younger. His figure is slight; he Is
something below the average height.
His- features are clear-cut, and keen
gray eyes brighten with a most kindly
expression while he talks.
"Your Eminence, the San Francisco
Call has asked me to visit you and ask
you to tell its readers something about
the condition of the Pope, his possible
successor in case of his demise and the
manner of electing a Pope in the Sacred
College."
Cardinal Gibbons replied:
"I thank you for your visit and thank
the San Francisco Call for its interest.
There is not much that I can tell you
concerning the physical condition of
his Holiness. The press dispatches
keep me better advised than private re
ports from Rome. While we all hope
and pray that he may live yet for many
days he is a very old man.
"As to the selection of his successor,
we shall not discuss that to-day. As
to the manner of his election by the
Sacred College it is well known that
the Cardinals perform this duty in the
Vatican at Rome. I understand that
the Rev. Peter A. Bart, a most able
man and formerly resident' of Balti
more, is the author of a little volume
giving an account of this most interest
ing and impressive ceremony, and I
could not do better than recommend
that you examine it."
The Call representative suggested
that his Eminence had been mentioned,
especially in Paris, as a most worthy
successor to Pope Leo XIII.
Cardinal Gibbons smiled in depreca
tion of this suggestion, and shook his
head sadly.
"No, I would rather stay at home,"
said he.
An article recently published, giving
an account of a ceremony attendant
upon the death of a Pope, was called
to his notice.
' "Yes," said he, "at -the death of the
Pontiff it has been the custom for near
ly two thousand years to attest his dis
solution by tapping the forehead with
a silver mallet, after which the fact of
his demise is formally promulgated.
There is, from time to time, a deviation
from these ceremonies, but I believe
the one you mention has been changed
little, if any."
Pope Sixtus V fixed the number of
Cardinals at seventy, but at the present
time there are only fifty-seven. Fol
lowing are their names:
Cardinal bishops.
Louis Oreglia di Santa Stefano, born at
Bene Vagienna July 9, 1828: created and
proclaimed December 22. 1873.
Lucido Mary Parochi, born at Mantua
August 13. 1533; created and proclaimed
June 22. 1877.
Serafino Vannutelli, born at Genazzano
November 26, 1834: created and proclaimed
March 14, 1887.
Mario Mocenni, born at Montefiascone
January 22, 1823; created- and proclaimed
January 16. 1873.
Isidore Verga. born at Bassano April 27,
1832: created and proclaimed November 6,
1881
Camlllus Mazetta. S. J., born at Vitu
lano, February 10, 1533; created and pro
claimed Cardinal Deacon June 7, 1886; Car
dinal Priest June 22. 1896. '
CARDINAL PRIESTS.
Niccislas Sedrchowski, born at Gorki
October 29, 1822; created and proclaimed
March 15. 1875.
Louis di Canossa, born at Verona April
20, 1809; created and proclaimed March 12,
1877.
Americo Ferreira dos Santos Silva. born
at Oporto January 16. 1829; created and
proclaimed May 12. 1879.
Joseph Sebastian Netto. O. F. M., born
at Lagio February 8. -Ml; created and
proclaimed March 24, 1884.
Peter Jeremiah Michael Angelo Celesla,
O. S. 8., born at Palermo January 13, 1S14 ;
created and proclaimed November 10, ISS4.
Alphonsus Capecelatro, born at Nar
siglia February 5, 1824; created and pro
claimed July 27. 1885. '-fgEpa
Patrick Francis Moran. born at Leigh
linbridge, Ireland. September 17, 1-30;
created July 27," 1885.
Benedict Mary Langenleux, born at
Villefranche October 15, 1834; created
June 7,' 1886. _ ,
James Gibbons, born at Baltimore July
23. 1834; created June 7, 1886.
Cajetan Aloisi-Masella. born at Ponte
corva September 30, 1826; created March
14. 1887.
Mariana Rampolla del Tindaro. born at
Polizzi ■ August 17, 1843; created March 14,
1887.
Augustine Bausa, O. P., born at Firenze
February 23, 1821; created February 14,
1889. - .
Francis Maray Benjamin Richard, born
at Nantes March 9, 1819; created May 24.
18891 .
Peter Lambert Groosens, born at Perk
July IS. 1827; created May 24. 1889.
Francis de Paula Mary Charles yon
Schonborn. born at Prague January 24,
1844; created May 24, 1889.
Vincent Vannutelli, born at Genazzano
December 5, 1836; created June 23, IS9O.
Sebastian Galeati,- born at Imola Febru
ary 8. 1822; created June 23, 1890.
Anthony Joseph Gruscha, born at Vien
na November 3, 1820; created June 1, 1891.
Angelo de Pietro, born at Vivaro May
26, 1525; created January 16, 1893.
Philipp Krementz. born at Coblenz De
cember 1, 1819; created January 16. 1893.
Michael Logue. born at Raphoe October
1, 1840; created January 16, 1593.
Claudius Vaszary, O. S. 8., born at
Kerszthel February 12, 1832; created Jan-
U Herbert Vaughan. born at Gloucester
April 15, 1832; created January 16, 1893.
George Kopp. born at Duderstadt July
27. 1837; created January 15, 1893.
Adolph Louis Albert Perrand. born at
Lyons, France, February 7. 182S; created
January 16, 1893, and proclaimed Novem
ber 29, 1895.
Victor Lucian Sulplce I_ecot, born at2
BRA'S DISCOVERY
OF CANCER MICROBE
Tells of His Researches, but Mod
estly Declines to TalK of
Curative Treatment.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James
Gordon Bennett.
PARIS* April 10. Dr. Bra, whose discovery in regard to the cancer
microbe I cabled, In an interview' confirms the statement that he has
succeeded in isolating the parasite which Is invariably present in can
cerous growths. It is a fungoid of the ascomycetes family, and cer
tainly the active agent of cancer. Inoculations of animals with a culti
vation produced cancerous tumors, from which the parasite was again
isolated. With the modesty of the true scientist Dr. Bra declines to
hold out premature hopes for a curative treatment for cancer. So far
he has only made Insufficient clinical experiments, but he admits that
these are very encouraging and says he will be able to speak with cer
tainty in a few months.
Montscout, Lizerolles, January S, 1831;
created June 12. ISI_.
Lawrence Schlanch born at Kj-Arad
March 27, 1824; created June 12. 1893.
Joseph Sana, born at Hies. June 2, 1835;
created June 12, 1593.
Cyriacus Mary Sancha y Hervas, born
at Quintana. del Pldlo June 17, 15..; cre
ated May 18, 1894.
Dominick Svampa, born at Montegra
naro June 13, 1S51; created May 18, ISM.
, Andreas Ferrari, born at Pratopiano
August 13, 1850; created May 18, 1894.
Francis Satolll, born at Marsicano July
21, 1539; created November 29, 1895.
John Haller, born In St. Martin, Pas
sever. April 30, 182.; created November 29,
1895.
Anthony Mary Cascajares y Azara,
born at Colanda May 2, 1834; created No
vember 29, 1895.
Jerome Mary Gottl, D. C, born at Gen
na March 29, 1834; created November 29,
1895.
Salvator Cassanas y Pages, born at Bar
celona September 5, 1834; created Novem
ber 29, 1895.
Achilles Manara, born at Bologna No
vember 20, 1829; created November 29,
1895.
Dominic Mary Jacobin!, born at Rome
September 3, 1837; created June 22, 1596.
Anthony Agliardi, born at Cologno al
Serlo September 4, 1532; created June 22,
1596.
Dominic Ferrata, born at Gradoll
March 4, 1847; created June 22, 1596.
. Serafino Cretoni, born at Soriano Sep
tember 4, ISC'; created June ... 1896.
Joseph Prtsco, born at Boacotrecase
September Is, 1836; created November 30,
1896.
Joseph Mary Martin do Herrera y de
la Iglesia, born at Aldeaclavila August
26, 1835; created April 19, 1897.
Peter Hercules Coullie, born at Paris
March 15, 1829; created April 19, 1897.
William Mary Joseph Labowre, born at
Archietle-Petit October 27, 1841; created
April 19, 1597. ,
William Mary Roman Sourrlen, born at
Aspet February 27, 1825; created April 19,
1.97. .
CARDINAL DEACONS.
Theodolf Mertal, born at Allumiero
February 9, 1806; created March 15, 1858.
Louis Macchl, born at Vlterbo March 3,
1832; created February 11, 1889.
Andreas Stelnhuber S. J., born at Ut
lan November 11, 1825; created January
16, 1593.
Francis Segna, born at Pogglo Ginolfo
August 31, 1536; created May If, 1894.
Raphael Pierottl, O. P., born at For
bano del Vescovo January 1, 1536; crea
ted November 30, 1596.
It will be observed that of the above
list of Cardinals thirty-one of the fifty
seven are Italians, lacking only seven
votes of the two-thirds necessary to a
choice. Inasmuch as most if not all of
the Italian Cardinals will certainly be at
Rome to participate in the conclave, It
is a safe assumption that an Italian will
be elected to succeed Pope Leo XIII. In
Baltimore It is believed that one of these
three will be chosen— Serafino Vannu
telli, Francis Satolll or Mariana Ram
poll-, _____________________
THE REBELS
DRIVEN FROM
SANTA CRUZ
Continued from First Page.
from the church ln the town. A halt
was made just before dark and the
troops bivouacked. In the gray of
dawn this morning the advance was
continued. The rebels attempted to
make a stand and hold the town, but
their efforts were fruitless and the
troops drove them before them and oc
cupied the place.
At sunrise to-day the assault com
menced. The American lines south of
the City; stretched two miles Inland and
with its left sweeping the shore, It
moved north, while the Fourth Cav
alrymen on the point to the north ad
vanced toward the city, pouring vol
leys on the trenches. Simultaneously
the gunboats hovering along the shore
shelled the woods ahead of the troops,
driving the Filipinos inland. The Gat
lings cleared several trenches.
The whole brigade was divided into
squads of twelve and the fighting was
carried on in the old-time frontier
fashion from behind trees, crawling
through bushes or running across the
open. The trenches that were not
cleared by the gunboats gave consider
able resistance when the line was near
ing the city and the Laguna de Bal
and Oeste bombarded for an hour in
the hope of making them too warm for
occupancy, but did not succeed ln
clearing them entirely.
General Lawton, with the Fourteenth
Infantry Battalion, approached a nar
row iron bridge across a creek on. the
south border of the town. Here a com
pany of Filipinos was Intrenched across
the stream and behind a stone barri
cade at the entrance to the bridge.
The Americans rushed forward In sin
gle file in the face of a galling fire,
demolished the barricade with their
hands and drove the enemy from the
trenches, killing a dozen.
The Filipino soldiers In the town, se
creted in various buildings and firing
from the windows, gave the Invaders
an interesting hour. There was a regu
lar nest of them In the stone Jail, which
is edged in by a wail. This was a veri
table pepper pod. The Americans,
singly or In pairs, entered the houses
and many warriors were taken prison
ers. A considerable number of Fili
pinos fled northward, crossing the open
marshes, but the Gatlings poured upon
them a deadly hail until they disap
peared in the woods, slaying dozens.
Major Weisenberger . deployed the
sharpshooters along the shore and they
crept steadily forward, aiding the Gat
lings. Finally a large body was sent
against the enemy in the woods, driv
ing them toward the mountains.
General Lawton established head
quarters at the elegant palace of the
Governor, and a guard was immediately
placed in the church, as the sacred edi
fices are always the first objective of
looters. Within an hour the town was
patrolled and all looting rigidly pre
vented. Almost all the Inhabitants had
fled during the two preceding nights and
only a few Chinese shopkeepers have
emerged from hiding and resumed busi
ness.
On the marshes north of town were
found forty dead Filipinos, some terri
bly torn by shells and many others
wounded. To the wc-unded the Ameri
cans offered their canteens as though
they were comrades. A surgeon who
traversed the field counted eighty killed
and General Lawton will report at
, least, sixty-eight One Filipino, at
: tempting to make his escape, slashed
viciously at Major Welsenberger, who
shot and killed him.
Yesterday the insurgents captured
two men of the Fourteenth Infantry,
while unarmed, but the Americans
stole the guns of their captors, clubbed
them, hid in the trees overnight and re
turned this morning.
The gunboats this afternoon have
searched the Santa Cruz River for ship
ping.
To-morrow the expedition will push
forward, the Americans having de
; stroyed miles of telegraph lines, cutting
I off insurgent communication east and
j west.
Chairman Schurman of the United
States Philippine Commission expresses
great gratification at the change in the
attitude of the Spanish newspaper,
Oceania, whose pro-Filipino utterances
two months ago nearly caused Its sup
pression. The paper now earnestly ad
vises the insurgents to submit to
American authority. The good effects
of the commission's proclamation in
Manila is noticeable in the increased
feeling of confidence among the people
of the city. General Lawton took sev
eral copies of the proclamation for dis
tribution among the natives when he
departed on his expedition to Santa
Cruz.
A company of Insurgents advancing
along the railroad attacked an Ameri
can outpost in front of Malolos early
this morning, but was repulsed. Two
men of the Twentieth Kansas Infantry
were wounded.
The Spanish garrison, comprising
forty-seven men, is reported to have
been holding the town of Baler on the
east coast of the Island of Luzon, since
last May. The gunboat Bennington
has been sent to investigate the case
and to relieve them.
The steamer Brutus, believed to be
long to the Manila Maritime Company
and to have been erroneously reported
as being the United States supply
sfeamer Brutus, has arrived at Balarac,
thirty miles south of Palawan, with her
shaft broken. Assistance has been sent
to her.
LAWTON'S FORCES TO
SCATTER THE ENEMY
WASHINGTON, April 10.— War De- |
partment officials are delighted over I
General Lawton's initial victory at j
Santa Cruz. They decline to divulge I
the plan of campaign which General
Lawton has undertaken, but admit that |
It is strategically designed to demoral
ize and scatter a large portion of the
enemy's forces menacing Manila and I
its suburbs. It is suspected that the
expedition will sweep rapidly from I
Santa Cruz around the southern shores j
of Laguna Bay and flank the insur
gents in Cavite province, hemming
them In between two fires. Santa Cruz
is only about fifty miles straightaway
to the southeast from Cavite and Ma
nila, and, although the intervening
country Is much like a well-watered
Jungle north of Manila, it possesses fair
roads, with the distinct advantage that !
there are few towns to offer the enemy i
strongholds for resisting Lawton's j
rapid advance.
The tactics in carrying out the second
part of the programme, it Is expected,
will be those of old-time frontier fight
ing.' The command will be divided into
squads of twelve men, under non-com
missioned officers, all keeping in close
touch. Thus the country can be
thoroughly and effectively swept of the
Taeallos.
THE STEAMER PORTLAND
ARRIVES AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, April 10. — The
steamer Portland has arrived at Ma
nila and reports no . casualties. She
sailed from San Francisco March 2
with nine officers and ninety-five re
cruits and a large amountof ammuni
tion and smokeless powder.
MYSTERY IN DREYFUS
CASE IS INCREASED
■ «
Continued from First Page.
eign military attaches were known to
everybody. "General Talbot, the British
ex-attache, once expressed to me," he
said, "his utter astonishment that Ester
hazy • was still at liberty, since It was
common knowledge among all foreign at
taches that for one or two thousand
francs Esterhazy would furnish all the
particulars the foreign attaches could not
get directly from the Minister of War."
General Gallifet did not report General
Talbot's • statement because Esterhazy's
relations with the attaches were known
to all the staff. General Gallifet expressed
astonishment .at licquart's treatment,
adding significantly: "I believe the crime
was the same as led to the Journey east
and the .mission to Tunis."
M. Caslmlr-Perler began his statement
by expressing a desire, In. the face of the
divided state of tho country, to place
himself unreservedly at the service of
the tribunal and to answer all questions
that might he asked. He Bald he was
unable to give the exact date when Gen
eral Mercier, then Minister of War, ac
aualnted him with the Dreyfus a.ffalr.
eneral Mercier first alluded ln a general
way to the small confidence the general
staff placed ln Dreyfus, adding that the
Ministry of War had been Informed of the
communication of a document to a for
eign power and had learned from a for
eigner that leakages had occurred from
the general staff, but M, Caslmlr-Perler
said he was led to believe that all this
merely concerned oral communications
and he had no knowledge that any docu
ments had passed. On January 6, 1893, he
received a visit from Count yon -funster,
the German Embassador, who communi
cated to him an official and personal de
mand of Prince Hohenlohe, the German
Chancellor, that he, as President of the
republic, should formally deny that the
German embassy was involved in the
Dreyfus affair.
M. Caslmlr-Perler told the court that,
in reply to Yon Munster, he pleaded his
constitutional responsibilities, .but of
fered as a private Individual to give every
assistance. Then he Informed the Ger
man Embassador that the document In
question had been found at the German
embassy. Count yon Munster replied that
this appeared to him impossible, adding
i that the embassy certainly had received
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
"AMERICANS ARE A
NATION OF LIARS"
So Says Herron During
a Lecture.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 10.— "American Im
perialism" was ' ; the subject which
George D. Herron took for his lecture
this morning before the Christian Citi
zen's League. He dealt rigorously with
the question, and called the Americans
a nation of liars. He said because of
our betrayal of the Cubans and Fili
pinos our honor was a byword and a
thing to sneer at among the peoples of
Europe. We could no longer be be
, lieved, he said, and in Germany and
France the promise of an American was
not worth the breath it took to utter it.
Central Music Hall was filled with
admirers of Herron's sentiments, and
the heartiest applause greeted his de
nunciation of the nation's present
course.
"A few months ago," he said, "this
nation had the chance of the age; a
chance to initiate a new kind of inter- ;
national politics and diplomacy. It had
an opportunity to appear as a sort of |
Messiah. among the nations, but its
course has been only one of betrayal
and falsehood. The nation -has chosen
darkness when glowing light comes
from its' political traditions.
"War came. Every appeal to arms
in the history of the world has brought
a new tyrant, and the Spanish-Ameri
can conflict was no exception. War
came. In opera bouffie and spectacular
language we called it 'war for hu
manity.' We stood pledged to disin
terestedness, pledged to simply free a
burdened people. What is the result?
We stand before the nations of the
world as perjurers, as a people whose
word cannot be trusted ln anything.
In Europe American honor is a scan
dal; it is a thing to sneer at. In Ger
many and France an American's word
will not be accepted in anything, and
we deserve the shame.
"The war has been simply a dress
rehearsal of the tragedy of greed that
is apparent in every Industrial center
in America. It was a war of money
changers, ahd this administration's
promises will never be kept. This ad
ministration will never set Cuba free;
it never intended to. Its whole object
Is to stir up civil strife in the island,
that it may have an excuse for annexa
tion.
"Let us consider the Philippines. We
found the people almost on the verge
of victory. We Invited their exiled
patriots to return and conjured them
in helping us whip Spain. It has been
argued that the Filipinos are unfit to
govern themselves. Why, in the Fili
pinos we found a people far better
qualified to master the intricacies of
self-government than were our fore
fathers when they fought England for
liberty.
"The Filipinos had the beginning of
a worthy national life, yet we have
murdered them by wholesale. Not con
tent with slaughtering the men, our
soldiers have shot -'own scores of
women around Manila. We have
shamefully treated their envoys. Our
commission scorned them in Paris, and
the Filipino representative had to flee
practically for his life from Washing
ton. Russia offered no worse treat
ment to the emissaries from Turke
stan. This nation has been outrageous,
infamous, tyrannical and dastardly."
many documents, but that no important
communication could have escaped.
To this M. Casimlr-Perler answered that
happily the document was not regarded
as important and that neither he nor
the Government desired to Implicate the
German embassy in the affair; that noth
ing had been proved to show that the em
bassy solicited the document and the
Government did not wish to hold the em
bassy or themselves responsible for pa
pers thus conveyed. It was sufficient— the
papers having been found at a foreign
embassy and presumably emanating from
a French officer— to fix the guilt of that
officer.
"As Count yon Munster Insisted on ob
taining a note categorically exculpating
the Embassy," continued M. Caslmlr-
Perler, "I suggested that it would be
unnecessary to indicate the Germany Em
bassy alone, but that all the embassies
and legations in Paris should be included
as each might remain under suspicion if
the German alone were exculpated. Such
a note, I said, It was the province of the
president of the council . to issue and I
suggested that It need not differ from
similar notes previously Issued. On the
Embassador's request I appointed another
Interview with the president of the coun
cil, but a few days later Count yon Mun
ster Informed me that the Incident might
be regarded as closed."
M. Caslmlr-Perler, continuing, said he
had only heard of a single secret docu
ment, the one containing the expression,
"Cette canaille de D— devlont rooloment
trop exigeante" (that beast of a D— Is
really becoming very exacting). General
Mercier Informed him some days before
Dreyfus was condemned (December 23,
1894,) that this document was submitted
to the court-martial, but he (M. Caslmlr-
Perler) did not understand that the docu
ment was only submitted to the Judges.
Reverting to his Interview with Count
yon Munster. M. Caslmlr-Perler said he
desired to place It upon record that an
act of treason had not placed a foreign
power in possession of important doc
uments affecting the national security.
Some days after Dreyfus was con
demned General Merger spoke to him
concerning confessions by Dreyfus, but
he could not remember that Captain Le
brun Kenaud ever came to the Elysee
Palace to inform him of these avowals.
The confessions having been published,
Captain Lebrun Renaud was sent to the
Elysee to be reprimanded. He did not
deny his Indiscretions to the press, but
said nothing about any confessions to M.
Caslmlr-Perler.
The latter concluded by asserting that
he knew no other facts and had no knowl
edge of any letters from Emperor Wil
liam. He declared that he had never
heard them alluded to except ln M. Pas
chal Grousset's Interpellation.
M. Laroche, former Resident General ln
Madagascar, who was called for the de
fense, testified that Captain Fraey-Staet
ter, a member of the court martial, told
him Dreyfus was convicted for giving out
plans of the fortress of Nice.
ENTOMBED ALIVE
BY CAVING EARTH
NEVADA CITY, April Alphonse
Isoard and John Conaway were working
in the bottom of the 500-foot Incline
shaft at the Reddik drift mine last
night when a cave occurred fifty feet
above them, shutting the shaft for fif
teen feet' and stopping the pump. They
could hear their comrades on the surface
signaling encouraging messages , by tap
ping on the air and water pipes that
went down into the mine, but their ef
forts to make themselves heard by the
same means failed.
The surface men gave them up. for
dead, and went to work to clear the
shaft In the expectation of finding their
lifeless bodies. For three hours they
worked like demons, and then, Retting
an opening through the debris, found
the two imprisoned miners alive and un
hurt, but exhausted to the point of help
lessness by their efforts in digging up
ward to meet the rescue party.
Held for Illegal Fishing.
SANTA ROSA. April William Mey
ers of Cazadero, charged with fishing by
means of dynamite in Austin Creek, was
held by Judge Brown : to-day to appear
for trial In Superior Court. Ball was fixed
at $600. Deputy Fish Commissioner Bab
cock was the principal witness for the
prosecution. _____m______n_____l
HISTORY OF THE
MURDOCK NOTE
TOLD IN COURT
MRS. MARY HELEN MURDOCK-
WILLOWS, April 10.—
taking of evidence in the
celebrated Murdock note
case, involving the validity
of a note for $100,000, with
interest amounting to $250,000, alleged
to have been drawn by the late Wil
liam Murdock in favor of Mrs. Gawn
Murdock, the wife of a relative, began
in the Superior Court here to-day.
There was an immense array of legal
talent on either side. Attorney Wil
liam Cannon, in his opening statement
to the jury, gave for the first time the
facts regarding the note which Is al
leged by the defense to be a forgery.
He declared the paper was executed by
William Murdock in settlement of
money due the decedent's brother,
Samuel. The latter requested that the
note be made out In favor of his daugh
ter-in-law, to become due at about the
time his grandchildren became of age.
This was done and tjef ore the note be
came due and was presented William
Murdock died.
Mr. Cannon said the note bore date
of September 5, 1877, and was for $100,
--000, payable twenty years after date,
with interest at 1 per cent a month.
He told of William Murdock coming to
this section in early days; how he
raised cattle and sheep and acquired
land. He had a cousin, Samuel Mur
dock, who had a son, Gawn W. Mur
dock, husband of the plaintiff. Mr. and
Mrs. Gawn Murdock had two sons,
Stanley and Edwin. Explaining the
consideration for which the note was
given Attorney Cannon went back to
the time of 1861-62. Samuel Murdock
was raising sheep. He loaned William
$4000. After this and up to 1877 he
loaned William other large sums of
money, as there was a big profit in wool
and sheep and these profits were placed
in William's hands. Gawn went into
partnership with his father and ob
jected to turning over the earnings to
William. A bitter feeling sprang up
between Gawn and his father on this
account. In 1876 the partnership 'was
dissolved. A settlement was effected
in 1876, by which Gawn agreed to pay
to his father $15,000 for his interest.
This amount was turned, over to Wil
liam by Samuel. Between 1876 and
1877, when the note in controversy is
alleged to have been made, the feeling
between father and son became so bit
ter that Samuel left the house of Gawn
and stayed with his cousin, William.
for two months. During this stay Wil
liam told Samuel that Gawn had not
made a just settlement with him. Gawn
was threatened with a lawsuit, and to
avoid it paid his father $20,000 ln cash
and notes. This was a short time prior
to the execution of the $100,000 note by
William Murdock to Gawn Murdock's
wife.
Samuel had returned to Gawn's house
In the meanwhile. Mary Helen Mur
dock's relations with her father-in-law
were always friendly and the affec
tions of William Murdock seemed cen
TRIAL OF QUAY
IS COMMENCED
Jury Chosen in the Con-
spiracy Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 10.—Ex-Sen
ator M. S. Quay and his son, Richard
R. Quay, were called to the bar of the
Court of Quarter Sessions to-day. and
after many months of vexatious delay
the .trial of the two defendants was
begun.
There was an entire absence of any
crowd either outside. or in the court-
I room. Special cards of admission per
■ mitting only those directly interested
i in the case, witnesses, Jurors and news
! paper men, had been Issued by the Dis
i trict Attorney and counsel for the de
fense. Even members of the bar who
1 were not in the case were denied ad
mission. As a result of these arrange
! ments the courtroom was but little
i more than half filled and the greater
portion of those present were witnesses.
Judge Piddle, one of the oldest and
most respected members" on the bench,
.was the trial judge. ; District Attorney
j Rothermel, after two houra had been
I spent In selecting a jury, elected to try
; ex-Senator Quay first on that one
i 'of the five indictments (in which he and
tered on his two grandchildren, the
sons of the plaintiff. Finally there was
a settlement between William and
Samuel. They met at Gawn's house
and Mrs. Murdock was present when,
in the settlement, the balance was
struck at $100,000. At Samuel's request
the note was made payable to Mrs.
Murdock, but was to be for the benefit
of the two. grandsons, Edwin and Stan
ley. The note was made payable twen
ty years after date, so as to fall due
about the time the boys became of age.
As to the interest rate Attorney Can
non said the usual rates in those days
were from 1% to 1% per cent a month
and the rate given in the note really
was lower than usual. Subsequently,
and up to the time of William Mur
doch's death, Mr. Cannon said, it would
be proved beyond dispute that William
admitted at various times the execu
tion of the note and the facts as to the
consideration.
The attorney said he would show that
Mrs. Murdock, the payee, took the
note and that it was buried on the
premises. The note was wrapped or
rolled around a pencil, then placed in
a vial, corked and sealed; then placed
In a larger bottle and corked and then
In another bottle, also corked. This
bottle was placed in a tin can, which
was topped with a saucer, and buried.
It remained burled for ten or eleven
years— 1887 or 1888. Attorney Can
non said he would prove that one of the
executors, before the existence of the
note was made public, acknowledged
that he knew of it and that, if Murdock
had lived one week longer the note
would have been compromised. Said
Mr. Cannon:
"The Issue in this case is clearly
drawn. On the one hand the jury will
be called upon to say whether it ac
cepts the sworn testimony of the peo
ple whose reputation for truth, honesty
and integrity is beyond reproach; the
testimony of witnesses who will give
facts which came under their own ob
servation; or whether the jury will ac
cept the opinions, inferences and de
ductions of experts who do not testify
as to facts, and who are hired by the
defense in this case to come into court
and swear this note out of court and
swear the charge of forgery upon the
plaintiff in this action at so much per
swear."
Gawn Murdock, husband of the
plaintiff, was the first witness called.
He told of the business transactions
between his father and William Mur
dock. He identified the note as the one
signed by William Murdock in 1877.
Grove L.. Johnson, for the plaintiff,
asked that the note be Introduced in
evidence. This was objected to by
General Barnes, on behalf- of the de
fendants, on the ground that the note
could not be Introduced, as the claim
never had been properly presented to
the executors. The argument on this
question will take place to-morrow, the
jury having been excused until 2
o'clock. If the defendants' point is
good the case ends. Plaintiff's attor
neys, however, contend that it certainly
will be knocked out.
his son are variously named) which
charges Mr. Quay and the late ex-
State Treasurer Benjamin J. Haywood
with conspiracy in using the State
funds for their personal benefit and
profit and in a manner unauthorized
by law. This action practically leaves
the ex-Senator alone on trial.
Beyond the selection of a jury and
the examination of one witness,
Thomas H. Barlow, receiver of the
Peoples Bank, nothing was done to
day. The jury was cured after thirty
five talesmen had been examined, four
teen of whom were stood aside by the
District Attorney, one excused and one
challenged for cause. The latter was
Talcott Williams, one of the editors of
the Press of this city, which Is opposed
politically to Quay.
The defense then exhausted Its priv
ilege of four peremptory challenges
and the commonwealth took advantage
of but three of the challenges.
The only witness examined to-day,
Mr. Barlow, led to the first clash be
tween counsel and apparently Indi
cated that a determined legal battle,
replete with knotty points of law, will
be fought in the trial of the case. The
District Attorney called Mr. Barlow to
identify books and papers found by him
when he assumed the receivership.
Mr. Shaplelgh of counsel for the de
fense, undertook to crow-examine the
witness with respect to his knowledge
of whether certain books, which the
defense, It Is understood, claims are
missing, are Included In those testified
to by the witness.
This was objected to and after re
peated consultations among the coun
sel for the defense and several other
efforts to obtain an answer to the ques
tion in another form it was abandoned,
and Mr. Shaplelgh said he would begin
his cross-examination ln the morning.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it faila to cure.
lie The genuine has I_ B. Q. on each tablet.
CHIEF DEVERY
HOW DEFIANT
Talks Up to Legislative
Investigators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 10.— Only two
witnesses of any importance were put
on the stand before the Mazet legisla
tive investigating committee to-day,
and though the investigation continued
for a number of. hours into the after
noon no particularly convicting evi
dence was brought out. The investi
gating committee adjourned its session
until next Friday, when the chief wit
ness will be Richard Croker.
Frank Croker, son of Richard Croker,
was on the stand all morning. He tes
tified that he had paid $17,000 to enter
the Roebling Fire Proof Company, and
was drawing a salary of $2500 from it
to "learn the business." Young Croker
first said he had given for his 170 shares
of stock a check for the amount men
tioned, but when asked if he would
produce the canceled check he grace
fully worked into an admission that the
stock was paid . for in cash furnished
by his father. He said he had got the
money in big bills from his home ahd
kept it in his room all night. He told
of being presented with $6000 worth of
stock in the United Company, "be
cause," he said, "they knew we had
lots of friends in. railroads and such
places." j ' vA--- v '>' .' ~ '
Chief of Police William S. Devery
was again « put upon the rack after
Frank Croker had given his testimony.
Much of the questioning of the police
captain was similar to that of Satur
day when he was asked to explain the
existence of many disorderly resorts in
the city that flourished at all hours of
the night. Devery said that the police
department had done all it could do
with the evidence that it had before it.
to close such places. Devery denied
that he knew of any high official of
the city who was interested in pool
rooms.
W. P. Tostevin was called as the first
witness. He made some comparatively un
important corrections in his testimony of
Saturday. He admitted that he had no
personal knowledge of money having been
accepted by any one connected with the
building department.
Thomas Walker, a builder under Indict
ment for violation of the building law,
testified that he had been approached by
a man who offered to procure dismissal
of the indictment, but Walker refused to
give his name.
Chief of Police Devery was then recall
ed. He told Mr. Mazet that he took ex
ception to the old charges against him
brought up by Mr. Moss on Saturday be
ing admitted in evidence. Mr. Mazet
noted his exception. Then Devery ad
dressed the committee: ■
"I ask the protection of this committee
that Mr. Moss confine himself to any
question touching my administration a.
Chief of Police," said the Chief. "I am
here and stand ready to make an open
breast as to any question he may ask me
touching on the subject of the welfare of
the property-owner or as to any question
touching my administration since I havi:
been Chief of Police. I think his object in
entering into these matters in this case
is to go behind the stay of the court he
la an officer of, the Supreme Court, and I
his object is entirely foreign to this in
quiry."
The Chief hedged in his answers to
numerous questions. Again and again Mr.
Moss tried to get at the old charges when
Devery was a police captain, and again
and again Devery "did not remember."
"I don't remember now, I don't remem
ber. I can't remember," he reiterated.
"The records of the police headquarters
and the records of the court will show all
this." -_wg_
A long series of questions with hopeless
ly indefinite answers from Devery, fol
lowed. At last Mr. Moss got this one out
of him: . ,
"I never have demanded or received
any money or valuable thing for doing or
refraining from doing my duty, or any
part of my official duty, and I have never
received a dishonest dollar or demanded
one in my life. I defy anybody on that.
I am advised that any question touching
my personal affairs is not material or
proper or pertinent to this inquiry, and I
decline to answer by advice of counsel."
"That means you won't tell us what real
estate you own, what stocks you have, I
what money you have in bank, what prop
erty you have in general?" said Mr. Moss.
"Well, I don't mean that," said the '
Chief. "I am willing to let the public knew
anything, but 1 decline to answer any
questions touching on those matters you
refer to now."
"Now, Chief," said Mr. Moss, referring
to the old charges, "don't you know why ;
it was that with all that had occurred in !
the past which was unexplained, unde
nied, because you had no opportunity, as
you say, with all that had occurred in j
the past you should have been suddenly
jumped from a captaincy to the chief- j
taincy in three months? Why should that j
have been? Why was it so. How did it
occur?" -•'-•".".'-'■'■'__
"Because I was a capable officer and
could fulfill the position and have got a
clean record in the police department,"
replied Devery.
Mr. Moss questioned the Chief closely
about his movements last night. Devery |
admitted that he had met Police Commis
sioner Sexton at his regular corner, where
on Saturday the Chief testified tha. he
nightly smoked a cigar before going to
bed. Then Mr. Moss brought out the fact
that Devery spent a good deal of time
last night in watching the alleged dis
orderly resort called the Broadway Oar
den, the former proprietor of which Is
said to be among the list of witnesses to
expose police methods.
"Are you going about and seeing the
people whom you see here to see i:" they
are going to appear against you?" de
manded Mr. Moss.
"I don't know," replied the Chief.
Mr. Moss asked why, even while the
committee was sitting In session here, the
pool rooms were running all around. He
stated that he had in his pocket money
that his investigators had won in the pool
rooms. Devery said his men were "look
ing after it." He added that if Mr. Moss
would make a specific complaint he
would have the men arrested. In answer
to the question why. with the money
and men at his command, he was unable
to close the pool rooms, Devery said he
did the best he could.
The Chief promised he would try to
stamp out pool rooms, policy shops and
"massage" establishments, to which Mr i
Moss drew his attention by referring to !
newspapers. Devery denied that he was ■
himself interested ln pool rooms or that !
there were men prominent in the city |
government who were connected with I
them.
"Did you ever hear of the time when
one man became interested in racing
horse, and on one little word from him
all the pool rooms in New York closed up
tight asked Mr. Ross.
''I never did," said Devery.
"And you cannot imagine .who that man
was, can you?" -:v rv
"No, sir."
"You never heard Mr. Croker's name
mentioned in connection with the tact?"
"No, sir."
"Suppose Mr. Croker should command
you to-day to close up all the pool rooms,
do you think It would be done?" de
manded Moss. « •
"He would not make any such . com
mands on me. I am here for the peopl*.
I told you," replied the Chief defiantly.
After some unimportant testimony from
a /policy shop keeper and a saloon l-.eper
as to dismissal of an Indictment, the
committee adjourned until Friday morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
ROBBED A MINE MILL.
Suspects Arrested at Grass Valley for
the Theft of Plates.
GRASS VALLEY, April 10.— Officers to
night arrested Melville Jordan, Mike
Kevins and Elmer Lynch, charged with
the theft of plates of the Gold Hill mine
mill. Jordan had been working at the
Maryland mine with Augustus Branch :
and 1? said to have confessed the theft ;
Branch told the officers. The plates were
found to-night hidden where Nevins told
Branch they could be found. Jordan is :
a new-comer here and the other two are '
boys of this city, 17 or 18 years j
old. Lynch gave bonds, but the others
were taken to the County Jail. Each
pleaded not guilty.
LA GRIPPE
Is now reaping a rich harvest. Medical
/yr — >^ statistics compiled
/A— by the best physi-
/fe) _>).) cians of the world
fl^/I: show that 0%-er 60
U .__ j/ per cent of the cases
\~"_tl of acquired CON-
V- \ SUMPTION are due
\ to LA GRIPPE.
/^^ \ There are also other
.1 points of .weakness.
Jl Refer to the numbers
00^r I on the chart. Study
Ac __/ each one carefully.
~ O O/ Familiarize yourself
/ with them. If you
/ have an attack of
• ' ' 7 \ LA GRIPPE begin
the use of HUDYAN as soon as the acutr-
symptoms have subsided. HUDYAN will
bring, about the restoration to perfect
health.
The Parts Affected Are :
1. THE MUCOUS MEMBRANE LIN-
ING THE BACK PORTION OF THE
NOSE.— It becomes inflamed and thick-
ened, and a Chronic Catarrh is the result.
HUDYAN will reduce the inflammation
and leave the mucous membrane in a per-
fectly healthy condition.
2. (THE EAR DRUM) THE MUCOUS
MEMBRANE OF THE EAR.— It becomes
Inflamed and thickened giving rise to al-
most total deafness. HUDYAN will pre-
vent the spread of the inflammation. The
drum will not be affected and hearing ,
will be unimpaired.
3. CHRONIC TONSILITIS. OR CHRON-
IC SORE THROAT.— the same
cause as the two preceding. HUDYAN
will prevent its coming on.
4. WEAKNESS IN THE HEART.-
HUDYAN will strengthen the heart,
nerves, equalize the circulation of hear
s, equalize the circulation of bloo..
and cause the heartbeats to become
strong and regular.
5—5. A WEAKENED CONDITION OF
THE LOWER LOBES OF THE LUNGS..
-HUDYAN will cause the lung tissue to
become strong and healthy.
7. LUMBAGO, OR WEAK BACK -
HUDYAN will strengthen it almost Im-
mediately.
JIUDYAN will cure all of the above,
symptoms and leave your whole system
In a perfect condition of health. Go to
>our druggist at once and procure a pack-
age of HUDYAN for 50 cents, or six pack-
ages for $2 50. If your druggist does no:
keep it, send direct to the HUDYAN'
REMEDY COMPANY, San Francisco,
Cal. Remember that you can consult the
HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE. Call and
see the doctors. You may call and see
them or write, as you desire. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
ZZ_c_=*r' — - --■ -■——
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR:. EN . EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
ln an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to tha
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably Increases weight from six ta
twenty pounds. M_ff-»
• The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
IA SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Im-I
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. 'Total.
Ist Stage.. 3* 29 6 0 .S4
Ktage.. 34 29 5 0 34
_
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 36
m
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 .15 30
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing th.9
Antiseptic Germlcial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Tha
Sanatorium Is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms — 100 In
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, nln.
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of th. Sanatorium and surroundings and p
our methods of treatment, will be mailed frts
on application.
Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
Strong Brink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedj for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy cause-
by strong drink. s
WE UI'AKA.VTKE FOCR BOXES J
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
antee or refund the money, and to destroy tha
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDDUC nD||l_' c * '" Ml & Poverty
CinUnO Un I (if* mid Death. Upon receipt
of $10.00 rr. will mail you four [4] boxes and post-
-Bto written srn»rr»Tit«»" to cure Or refnn.l
GEORGE DAHLBENDER A CO.. Sole Agta..
214 Kearny at.. San Francisco.
. I suffered from ca- _^»»T* M
tarrh of the worst kind _rC r rs „X
ever since a boy, and I &;_^BMK3k
never hoped for cure, J^^Kf B^]
but Ely's Cream Balm /im^Eß _ft_?«?_T
seems to do even that. < *|^ _?s£#_r
Many acquaintances F" «^ir
have used it with ex '•*_sr^<**vt'f
cellent results.— Oscar _L_-*ws£ V
Ostrum, 45 Warren Ay- _r^V--|S^*\
enue, Chicago, 111. J___ii__B____Jk
Cream Balm Is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief '.t
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
does not produce sneezing. Large size, SOc;
at druggists or by mail; trial size, 10c, by
mall.
ELY BROTHERS:. r.« Tr- r ,~, street. New York.
SSgiDfi- HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
r___l fJs_3 Five hundred reward for any
Br^ _c_g; . case _j, e cannot cure. This secret
; I_— _____ remedy stops all losses in 24
5=223 DM hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
l_t]*] ffjui tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
___ii &<s_N Gleet, Fits, Strictures, Lost
P^___J__H Manhood and all wasting affects
*• '■'"' — '.* of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, 35; guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE. 5.5 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also to*
Ml* at 1071% Market St.. S. F. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
WeeKly Call, $1.00EX-SENATOR TABOR'S
CAREER IS CLOSED
DENVER, April 10.— Hon. H. A. "W.
Tabor, postmaster of this city and
ex-United States Senator, died at
_:30 a. m. to-day of appendicitis,
after three days' Illness.
Horace A. W. Tabor was born in Vermont,
November 26, 1830. He learned the stonecutter' •
trade, at ■ inch he worked until 25 years ot age.
He went west to K.ai.eas in -. . He was
elected a. member of the Kansas Legislature.
Attracted by the gold d.scovcries, he went to
Colorado, and in Uiiv engaged In placer mining
In I'ulilornia Gulch, now Ltradvllle.
Of Tabor's eariy life lutie is known. He was
always very reticent concerning it, and like bo
many otlv-rs, it practically begins when he
reached the mountains, In the tail of 1861. For
many years he followed the imps" of those
days". Golden, Black Hawk, Central City,
Brecklnrhige and Buckskin Joe. In these places
ho -i.d whatever came to hand, worked as a
teameier, miner and tor a tin kept a small
store. Hut in all these pieces his success "was
sm&ll. When the rich discoveries of Leadvllle
began to be known Tabor was postmaster at
Oru City, near Leadvllle. Resigning this, he
moved lo Leaiivllle and opened a restaurant.
Svhile hi? '.vile prepared the rather frugal
meals tor the rough miners who frequented the
place, Tabor talked mines and was constantly
lurnlzhing "grub stakes" for prospectors. In
.'.; ril, IS3B, lie iHted out two old prospectors
August i-.ic!:e and George F. Hook. One of
the most important parts of a. "grub stake"
In those days was whisky, nn& when Kiche and
Hook pot a few miles trom town they thought
. it wa? a:i Rood a place as any for drinking up
the liquor. The next morning the effect had
hardly w m off, but they began at once to sink
:t L"proepe<:t hole." They had gone but a short
. distance when thry struck a rich vein of ore.
Kcturr.iMT to .-her — was to share with
ih..-m in anything they should find— he declared
; lhat It wi'f impossible to lind a good mine so
tear Leadville. The first wagon load brought
1215. In ninety day* the Little Plttsburi had
produced enough to enable Tabor to buy Hook's
chare for $50,000, and in six months niche's
'interest ivas purchased for $250,000.
For many months the mine paid $100,000 a t
ipjonth in dividends. Miners regarded It as sec
ond only In richness to the Comstock lode In
tsevada, which made the four big bonanzas of
the const. At this time he was said to have
the iarp^ft income of any man between New
■i'ork and t-'an Francisco.
A!. out tins time I». It. Moffatt. who came out
• from Orr.iiJ-.a to clerk In a bank and had be
crini a financial power in the new State, sus
pected that they so In together and bond the
rr.ino to an Rnallsh syndicate. Tabor was not
nvorVe and named T3.njo.oo"} as the price, and
nr.a a condition that he (Tabor) waa to b« |
)><rj.?tual superintendent. To this ■■• : Itt con-
Bcnted and began filing the stock. A meeting
y;\s hoi i and ofllcers ele.-t-M. Tabor's narao be
ing omitted. Moffatt came down to I^eadvllle
to complete the transfer, but ■ lund that Tabor
jhad declared the de;il (if. This placed Moffatt •
'In -a bad light: He had seemingly sold stock
>la a mine ihat didn't belong to him. He ex
jp'o'tulated, but Tabor was obstinate. The fact ,
(that he had been ignored In the selection of the
new officers in spite of his express stipulation I
i to the contrary pave him a loophole for escape,
.'ifter considerable argument Tabor agreed to
<<tate 15.C00.000 for the mine, and gave Moffatt
ithree days In which to rnise the money. Re
itu:T2'r.? to Denver, he made arrangements for '
Shi cash a:i(i Tal>or exchanged the product of i
ithw« two old prospectors' "grub stake" for j
•?si«*.C6o.
. j-> -.v-t'j new on the top wave. The former
JPortmiwteT of Ora City wae rich, courted, fa
'moJf. tnd l.c b^can turning- his attention to
Vpolitlcs. As there was no Senator to be
el»«rt?d ho iixed upon the Governorship. V.'hen
L^boys" heard that Tabor was a candidate
'sji<s that he had recently sold the Little Pitts-
VmT« for $5,000,000 they came to "see" him. ;
j\fi*r a hard contest he was nominated for
Lifittenant Governor, the nomination costing
rjlnsi, it is s.iid. $2*0.000. The election doubled
th~.f sum, . it it was now "Governor" H. A.
\V. Tabor.
Taivr. when he "picked the fuzz off the fu
ture." thnu.ht '. detected the outlines of a
Beat in the United States Senate, and he be
BOSTONIANS FAIL
TO KEEP A DATE
Give Sacramentans the
Overlook.
Special Dl?ratch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 10.— G. "W.
Ficks, manager of the Clunie Opera
house, announced to-day that to
morrow he nould file a suit In San
Francisco against the B stonians for
51000 damages, which he alleges his
house has sustained at the hands of the
opera company. The Bostonians were
originally booked to appear in Sacra
mento on Maich 15, and Ficks an
nounced that fact in the newspapers
and made preparations for the operatic
event. After the Bostonians arrived in
Los Angeles from the East Ficks re
ceived a letter from them requesting
that the date be changed to March 11.
Ficks wrote back that he had already
contracted for the appearance of an
other attraction on that date and would
expect the singers to adhere to their
agreement to pear here on the Hth.
They did not appear and there was
much wailing and gnashing of teeth
among the playgoers of the town.
Ficks' countenance assumed an expres
sion counter to that which had accom
panied his extension of the glad hand
to the appreciative populace a few days
gone by and he had hard work "squar
ing himself' with the disappointed
patrons of his house. However, there
was some solace In the assurance that
the Bostonians would come here after
their S;m Francisco engagement and
play two nights instead of one. The
musical cult of the capital city found
quite a diversion in sending in sug
gestions to Manager Ficks as to what
operas the Bostonians should sing and
the prospects appeared to be quite
bright again.
Ficks announced to-day that it was
"all off," as far as any chance of the
appearance of the company here was
concerned, and that he was going to
-make the haughty, singers from the
effete East toe the chalkline. He says
he has as evidence the route list of the
company, issued prior to its departure
from the Kan, whereon appears the
booking of Sacramento for March 15.
Furthermore, he says, he can produce
certificates to show that all the mail
of the members of the company was
forwarded here in anticipation of the
appearance of the singers on March 15,
proving that _uch was the understand
ing of the correspondents^
Harder than the loss of the Boston-
Jans is the thought that C. P. Hall,
formerly manager of the old Metro
politan Theater In Sacramento, but now
manager of lan Jose's new theater,
contrived. to secure the date intended
for Sacramento in addition to the two
which he had previously booked. Man
ager Ficks says Hail has been trying
to "queer" the Sacramento theater by
telling the theatrical managers that
this is a poor show town, whereas, ac
cording to Ficks, it can be shown that
good companies have done more busi
ness here in one night than they have
done in one night each at Stockton and
San Jose combined; It is argued by the
local playgoers that Hall shouldn't say
hard things about the capital city, for
it was here thai he made his start.
HUNTINGTON BUYS LAND.
Hakes Another Extensive Purchase
at Galveston.
GALVESTON; Tex., April 10.— deed
for 11.3 acres of land at Virginia Point, on
the mainland opposite Galveston, from
Franz Kohfeldt to H. Bayard, was filed
for record to-day. The amount paid Is
$.7,?17. The property is taken for C. P.
Huntington and adjoins 2500 acres which
he bou«lu several months ago. The land
nil fronts on the bay. What Mr. Hunt
ington Intends to do with ii is not known,
as hi; but recently bought 230 acres on the
Island for wharf purposes. New York
tpecials say It is for stockyards and pack
ers purposes.
lleved a new and beautiful helpmate was abso
lutely necessary' to his political and social suc
cess. Accordingly divorce proceeding, were in
stituted. Mrs. Taßor filed a cross bill and
after a hard fought legal battle she was given
$100 000 cash and property ln Denver which waa
then thought to be .worth $400,000 more. Tabor
then built a magnificent home on what was
then called the terrace, which cost him $1,000,
--000. This was quickly followed by the build
ings on Seventeenth street and the Tabor Grand
Opera-house, which was a model of magnifi
cence ln Its day.
But misfortunes began to gather around him.
The touch which once transformed everything
Into gold seemed now to turn everything- Into
aj-hes. He lost $-,000,000 in a mining deal In
Southern Colorado, and property which he held
In Denver ceased to be productive, But still
he had several millions left.
The appointment of Senator Teller to a seat
In President Arthur's Cabinet left his seat- In
the Senate vacant, and Tabor at once began to
canvass for the place. The Legislature got in a
deadlock, which finally resulted in Tabor's
election. But he had only thirty days to serve.
It was during his term in the Senate that
Tabor was married to Miss Jennie Smith, head
milliner ln a large dry goods store in St. Louis.
MAY HEMPSTEAD
AN EASY WINNER
Captures the Tennessee
Oaks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS, Term., April Beautiful
weather and six well-filled races. Includ
ing the Tennessee Oaks for 3-year-old ill
lies, brought a large attendance to Mont
gomery Park to-day. The track was in
splendid condition and good time was the
order of the day. The Tennessee Oaks,
at a mile, was the fourth event on the
programme, and five high class fillies
elected to start. Headley & Norton's un
beaten mare May Hempstead was made a
decided favorite, with. Freak and Manx I
next in demand. The talent played the
Louisville mare heavily and forced the
price down to 3 to 5 at the close.
There is little to be said of the race
itself. When the flag fell Turner took
May Hempstead to the front, and under
a gentle pull she made all the running,
winning well in hand by a length from
Freak. Our Nellie, at long odds, finished
third.
Five furlongs. Celluloid won. The Diver sec
ond. Little Jack Homer third. Time, 1:031;.
Four furlongs. First Past won, Harry Lu
cespo second, Hchnell Laufer third. Time, :U)-%.
Seven furlongs, Dave Waldo won, Timemaker
second. Alleviate third. Time, 1:28%.
Tennessee Oaks, three-year-old fillies, one
mile. May Hempstead won, Freak second, Our
NeMle third. Time, 1:45 V*.
Steeplechase, about two miles. Red Duchess
won, Laura May second. Jack Hayes third.
Time, 6:24%.
Five furlongs, Meddler won, Braw Lad sec
ond, Primate third. Time, 1:03%.
CINCINNATI, April 10.— Results at Newport:
Six furlongs, selling, Hairpin won, Reube
second. Little Bailie third. Time, 1:18%:
Four furlongs. Honeymoon won, Miss Fonso
land second. My Chicken third. Time, 0:-2',_.
One mile, soiling, Jim Flood won. Libation
second, Knnomla third. Time, 1:47%.
Beven furlongs, Jim F. Vogt won, Clara
Meade second, Ethel Collins third. Time, 1:33.
Six furlongs, selling. n.liie Welthoff won,
Carlotta C second, Molo third. Time, 1:16%.
One mile, selling. Amber Glints won, Duncan
Bell .nd, Abergate third. Time, 1:45%.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The track at Ben
nlnKs was a trifle deep to-day, but not heavy.
Results: J. -„->': ■ ...
Five and one-half furlonßs. Dr. Parker won.
Honey Boy second .Sanger third. Time, 1:10.
One-half mile, Belling, two-year-old., Freling
huysen won, The Amazon second, Dorcas Lath
rop third. Time, 0:50%.
Thlrteen.l of a mile, selling. Lady
Earl won, Tyran second, life Mitchell third.
Time, 1:23-%.
Seven furlongs. General Maceo won, Bara
tarla second, Maintain third. Time, 1:31.
//Jne mile, purse, handicap, Roysterer won,
Alice Farley second. Decanter third. Time,
1:46 1-5.
WOULD GO IN QUEST
OF THE NORTH POLE
Captain Bernier Asks for the Assist
ance of the Ottawa Gov
" * ernment.
NEW TORK, April 10.-A special to the
Tribune from Ottawa, Ontario, says:
Captain J. E. Bernier of Quebec is here
to interview the members of the Govern
ment with the view of securing a grant of
$25,000 to enable him to organize his pro
posed expedition to the north pole. He
said that it would require fully $60,000 to
arrange for the expedition and If the Gov
ernment would grant the $25,000 asked for
he would find no difficulty in raising the
remainder by private subscriptions.
His plan at present is to leave Vancou
ver in May, 1900. He will follow the coast
of Siberia, pass through Bering Strait and
continue until he reaches the new Siberian
Islands. He will leave his vessel 200 miles
further east than where the Pram was
left, and with dogs and reindeer will trav
el over the pack ice until the pole is
reached. He will return by way of Dane
Island. in Spitzbergcn. The expedition,
Captain Hornier believes, will take about
two years.
To Pay Cuban Soldiers.
HAVANA, April 10.— The military au
thorities have been Informed that they
wil* receive to-morrow the Cuban army
muster rolls now held by the so-called
executive committee appointed by the
late military assembly by Its dissolution.
"With the rolls in their possession the
Americans will be in a position to push
forward energetically the work of distri
buting the 53,000,000 appropriated for the
Cuban army. - '- ,
THE SAN EKA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
Just previous to his marriage he called ln the
Washington correspondents and showed them
his night shirts, which he claimed cost $250
each. He had a magnificent coach made with
a coat of arms, and gave a swell wedding
breakfast at Willard' s which was attended al
most exclusively by men.
From this time on his financial descent was
rapid. A few years ago he was compelled to
call on a New York Insurance company for
aid, and then during the panic of 1593 he
placed a second mortgage on his property to
Mrs. Smith, who after paying off the first
mortgage foreclosed, leaving him stranded by
the ebb of the tide upon which ten years ago
he rode so proudly.
While disasters came not "singly but in bat
talions'' un Tabor, fate dealt Kindly with his
ex- wife. The property which she received ln
the divorce suit rapidly Increased In value
until she was the richest woman In the
State, She lived In a beautiful but rather
modest home on Noble Hill. While Tabor and
hip new wife were never received In good so
ciety, his former wife was a welcome guest at
all the swell and exclusive social functions of
the city.
Tabor was appointed Postmaster of Denver
by President McKinley.
ROOSEVELT THE
GUEST OF HONOR
Chicago Gives Him an
Ovation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 10.— Seldom, if ever,
|in Chicago, has a more enthusiastic
i body of men met around the
. banquet table than the one which
i met to-night under the auspices of the
Hamilton Club to celebrate Appomat
tox day and to greet Governor Theo
dore Roosevelt of New York, who had
i come from Albany as the guest of
! honor of the club. The enthusiasm
; was extended ln generous measure to
j other speakers of the evening, but the
! greater part of it was given to the Gov
| ernor when he" rose to -make his ad-
I dress on "The Strenuous Life."
The hall was a maze of waving hand
kerchiefs and napkins and the cheers
j that greeted him as he rose prevented
j the speaker for many minutes from be
| ginning his speech. It was a greeting
| such as one man does not receive more
j than once or twice ln a lifetime. The
| boxes of the Auditorium, in which the
i banquet was held, as well as the seats
in the hall back of the banquet floor,
were filled with a large throng, who
had come to look on and to listen to the
speeches and these, as well bb the
members of the Hamilton Club and
their invited guests, joined in the wel
come that for a few minutes seemed to
overpower the Governor.
Fully 600 were around the banauet
tables where President Cody, who pre
sided, rapped for order, and ln a short
address introduced the guest of * the
evening.
As soon as Governor Roosevelt was
given a chance to talk he made a ring
ing address, upholding the administra
tion's policy, concluding as follows:
The army and the navy are the sword
and shield which this nation must carry
If she is to do her duty among the nations
of the earth— lf she Is not to stand m«Tely
as the China of the Western Hemisphere.
Our proper conduct toward the tropic
islands we have wrested from Spain Is
merely the form which our duty has
taken at the moment. ;■ .v.
When once we have put down armed
resistance, when once our rule is ac
knowledged, then an even more difficult
task will begin, for then we must see to
it that the islands are administered with
absolute honesty and with good Judg
ment. If we let the public service of the
islands be turned into the prey of the
spoils politician, we shall have begun to
tread the path which Spain trod to her
own destruction. We must send out there
only good and able men, chosen for their
fitness and not because of their partisan
service, and these men must not only ad
minister impartial Justice to the natives
and serve their own Government with
honesty and fidelity, but must show the
utmost tact and firmness, remembering
that with such people as those with whom
we are to deal weakness is the greatest
of crimes, and that next to weakness
comes lack of consideration for their
principles and prejudices. C: "
At . the conclusion of the banauet
Governor Roosevelt spent a short time
in his hotel and was then driven to the
Michigan Central De^ot, where he took
a train for Ann Arbor, where he is to
address the students of the Michigan
University to-morrow.
GRAND LODGE OF DANIA.
Officers and. Delegates Welcomed at
Petaluma.
PETALUMA, April 10.— grand offi
cers and delegates to the Grand Lodge of
Danla arrived here on the 5:30 o'clock
train this evening. The visitors were re
ceived by the local lodge committee on
arrangements, headed by a band. To
night there was a formal reception, fol
lowed by a dance. The first session of
the Grand Lodge will be held to-morrow
morning, and a varied programme has
been prepared for the entire week. The
city la appropriately decorated."
GUILT OF PETER
CASTRO PROVED
Mrs. Douglass' Assailant
Convicted.
VERDICT QUICKLY REACHED
PRISONER IDENTIFIED BY HIS
VICTIM.
Close of the First Case Growing Out
of the Brutal Attack Upon the
Wife of a Castroville
Citizen.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
' SALINAS, April 10.— Peter Castro
was to-day found guilty of burglary
in- connection with the brutal assault
upon Mrs. James L. Douglass at Cas
troville on the night of March 6.
Mrs. Agnes Douglass, the victim of
the assault, was the first witness. She
gave minute details of the outrage.
Some one knocked at the door of the
Douglass home and forcibly entered
the hallway. She recognized the man
as Peter Castro. He seized her and
dragged her out past the gate, on to
the road and toward the plaza en
trance, a distance of over fifty feet.
He there beat and kicked her until she
became unconscious. A rigid cross
examination by F. A. Treat, attorney
for the defense, only strengthened her
story. , ,
Mrs. D. W. McPhie, sister-in-law of J
Mrs. Douglass, corroborated her testi- j
mony. She told of having called for
help from the neighbors when Mrs.
Douglass was seized. Defendant, who
has lost much of his dark color and now
appears sallow, is apparently the most !
unconcerned person in the courtroom,
and does not appear to realize his posi- J
tion.
The prosecution Introduced other tes
timony to corroborate that of Mrs. \
Douglass. James L. Douglass, the hus- j
band of the victim, said his wife in- |
formed him early the next morning of
the outrage. He sought out Castro and I
asked why he had been to his house.
Castro had denied knowledge of the af
fair and asked for mercy, saying he had I
been on a drunk.
Castro's llight and capture were de
scribed, after which tne prosecution
rested.
The defense called several members
of the so-called Mafia gang, but their
testimony did not show the where
abouts of the accused after 10:30 o'clock
that night, and it was apparent from
their actions that they were trying to
shield him.
Castro was called to the stand and
testified as to his movements on the
night of the outrage. He became con
fused and contradicted himself. He
could give no reason for his flight. His
story was a general denial of all the
testimony of the prosecution.
One of the witnesses for the accused,
Miss Josie Collins, gave startling testi
mony, which was made use of by the
District Attorney. She said when Cas
tro came to her brother's house for a
horse he said some one had dragged
Mrs. Douglass, out of her house' the
night before and beaten her, and that
her husband, "Jim" Douglass, was not
at home at the time.
The case was given to the Jury at 4:30
o'clock. It returned to the courtroom
in fifteen minutes with a verdict of
guilty. Castro, as soon as the verdict
was read, began to shake and tremble
as though with ague, and seemed for
the first time to realize his position.
Upon being removed to the Sheriff's
office his mother, sisters and brother
were found waiting for him. A long
and tearful. conference was held, which
is believed may lead to further arrests.
CARDINAL DEFEATED
BY MOUNTAIN GIRLS
Nevada University "Co-Eds" Win the
Basket-Bail Game on Stanford
Campus.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 10.—
After two years of planning and waiting
j for an outside game, the fair athletes of
j Stanford were defeated this afternoon in
j their contest with the "Co-eds" from the
University of Nevada by a score of 3 to 2.
The came was close and , Interesting
throughout and so good was the interfer
ence that neither side was able to score
ui.wi tne second half. Toward the middle
of this half Nevada gained a decided ad
vantage by Miss Llnscott's successful
field goal. With two points to their credit
Miss Strosnelder tried for goal by a free
throw and put the ball Into the basket.
The Stanford girls then rallied and a
pretty field goal by Captain Tucker saved
the Cardinal from a whitewashing.
Probably the prettiest play of the day
was one that did not count, me ball
was sent fairly into the basket by Miss
Tucker from the 30-foot line. It was a
beautiful throw, but the umpire's whis
tle had sounded to remove an Injured
player of Cardinal who had been hurt
in a preceding scrimmage, and so there
was no score. ;?:-..:
Not since the final football practice
have there been so many spectators at
an athletic contest on the campus. The
bleachers were crowded and the sides of
the field were lined with men and women.
There was lots of "rooting" and the girls
yelled vlclferously. They were not so im
partial, however, as the boys, who alter
nated the Stanford with the Nevada yell,
which was deemed by some to be not al
together patriotic, even though it were
chivalrous. :-
In the hour and a half of game there
were many hard falls and scrimmages.
There was no unnecessary roughness,
however. Everything was done In a
business-like way. In fact, much of the
play was pantomime in character, as
the Nevada players outplayed the home
aggregation. Their passing was quiet
and sure and their plays were well
worked out. The Stanford girls relied
more on individual play, which resulted
in keeping them busy in defending their
own goal, allowing them fewer chances
for offensive work. The team lined up as
follows:
Nevada— Ward, captain, right guard;
Ethel Sparks, left guard; Frances Kerhy, cen
ter; Stella Llnscott, home; Winifred Stros
netder, right forward; Bernlce Worland, ■-: left
forward; Ethel Peckham, center guard.
Stanford— Tucker, captain, center;
Emily Dole, stationary center: Tillle Swhnson,
forward center; Yrene Pitcher, left guard;
Elizabeth Lewis. right guard; Margaret
Phelps, left . forward ; Winifred Morgan, right
forward.
The officials were: Umpire. Louise Linscott;
referee, Mayme Merritt; timekeepers, Maud
March and Mary Oilman.
NO FURTHER TIME GIVEN.
LONDON, April 11.— Italian Gov
ernment, according to a special dispatch
from Rome, has declined to give Colom
bia any further time in which to pay the
Cerrutl claim, under Mr. Cleveland's
award, and has ordered the Atlantic
squadron to proceed Immediately to Car
tagena "to bring the Colombians to their
senses." ■ • '■ _ ■ ' . '
Negotiations at a Standstill.
LONDON, April 11.—The Shanghai cor
respondent, of the Times says: The nego
tiations between Sheng Ta Jen, director
general of Chinese railways, and the
American syndicate regarding the Han
kow-Canton- line are at a standstill on a
question of financial control similar to that
which was raised over the Nlu Chwang
Railway. *
HEARD ARMOUR'S
AGENT ADMIT THE
USE OF CHEMICALS
__ • __ ___ __ #
Dp. Castle Gives Some Telling
Testimony Concerning the
"Embalmed" Beef.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The army
beef inquiry court resumed its sessions
at 10 o'clock to-day with Rear Admiral
John G. Walker, president of the Nlc
araguan canal commission, on the
stand. He said that canned roast beef
had been used by the commission's
surveying parties on the isthmus. The
men did not like this beef, preferred
bacon and the fresh native beef; but it
had not been found unwholesome. If
outfitting a large expedition to the
tropics he would include some of the
canned beef as a ration, but not very
much.
Dr. Charles H. Castle, an assistant sur
geon of the First Ohio Cavalry, for a
time brigade surgeon, and one of the men
whose names were given by Lieutenant
Gampfer a_ being present at Lakeland,
Fla. , when Mr. Morehouse, agent for
Armour & Co., said that their beef had
been chemically treated, said that on two
occasions he had found the meat spoiled
after It had passed inspection. On the
18th of August he had met the Armour
agent, whose name he did not know, In
the presence of Captain Carmichael and
Lieutenant Gampfer at the commissary
depot. Dr. Castle called the attention of
the agent to some discoloratlons of a
greenish character on the meat. The
agent replied: "The discoloration Is due
to some chemical with which the beef was
treated upon being put In the refriger
ator."
"I asked him what the formula was,"
continued Dr. Castle, "but he replied that
he did not know."
Dr. Castle identified a letter he had ad
dressed to the chief commissary at Tam
pa on the 23d of August last, asking that
he be allowed to purchase beef at Lake
land, and not be compelled to receive beef
shipped in, because of the frequent con
demnations of the refrigerator beef at
Tampa. Falling to receive a prompt re
sponse, he had wired and received author
ity for a time to make the purchases of
local butchers.
Describing the odor emitted by the meat,
Dr. Castle said It was not of a disgusting
character, but that It was an aromatic,
acrid, sour smell. He had reached the
conclusion since he returned to his labor
atory work in Cincinnati that the beef
had been treated either' with the gas
formaldehyde or the kindred solution,
formalin. He had made no recommenda
tion to any superior officer concerning the
agent's statement because he had sup
posed that the War Department knew of
the process, if any was used.
CYCLIST RONS
OVER A COUGAR
Strange Tale of a Wash-
ington Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. April 10.— Eby, an en
• gineer at Rock Quarry, near Vancou
ver, Wash., lives about a mile from the
j scene of his daily labor, going to work
I each morning before daylight and re
j turning again at night on his bicycle.
I One morning last week he was bowl
! ing at a fast pace when he came sud
denly upon a large mountain lion ly-
I Ing asleep ln the pathway. Neither
; heard the other until it was too late to
; avert a collision. The bicyclist rode
j over the big creature's foot, which dis
i turbed Eby's equilibrium and he was
about to fall from his wheel, when, ac
| cording to his own story, he was mi
i raculously righted by a stroke from the
animal's paw. The blow was of just
; sufficient force, Eby claims, to place
him again In an upright position on his
wheel ready for scorching, and as the
incentive was not lacklne-. he flew. He
would not even look back to see how
the cougar took the encounter.
On reaching home he found that both
his shirts were torn through at the
sleeve and other evidences of the truth
of his story is revealed in four bloody
scratches, where the claws of the cou
gar had stripped his skin.
Friends and neighbors of Eby believe
his story to be a truthful narrative of
an encounter that was both novel and
thrilling. For some time it has been
known that cougars existed in the lo
cality and they frequently have been
seen. Only a couple of weeks ago Mr.
Reese, a neighbor of Ehv, saw one just
outside his garden fence. An effort fs
being made by the neighbors to hunt
them and kill them. One settler has a
number of hounds and these will be
employed in seeking their lair. -
LOS ANGELES' SOLID
SIX DEFEATS EATON
LOS ANGELES, April 10.— Mayor
Eaton's veto of the amended ordinance
extending the limits of the oil-boring
area in the West Lake and Sunset Park
districts was presented to the Council to
day. Not a speech was made, not a word
of comment in Its favor uttered, and
when it came to a vote the solid six that
sustained the original ; ordinance disre
garded the Mayor's protest and passed
the measure over his head. The terms of
the ordinance 'remove the deadline and
contract the proscribed district, render
ing It lawful to bore for oil in the Nob
Hill neighborhood. This favors the
Huntington streetcar system and permits
it to sink as many oil wells as it can find
accommodation for on - the Kofoed tract
that was secured by option several weeks
ago.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®4®4® 4- ®4® 4- ®4®>® 4- ®f®4® 4- ®4®4® 4-®+®f® + ®4® 4- 4- ®4®4®
4- - 4 ' ' +
I .._-s__^ii|, L^ A Peaceful Mind! i
1 ~BmM A Healthy Body! I
I &J^^_S#^|f if Good Digestion, Sweet ®
% • yr---_j|^^lj| : Sleep, Full Ambition. %
I l/r/ikJFW — • -■'■ I
X Tar/ A \ _"fflß__* -— ***^ I The man who gets the most pleasure out _"
® 1 / I//' Mfl fif^_l_ T fr- , V- J , of life is the healthty man, the man whose X.
4- ____JL J■ / 1 Ai< ill 1 1 In * J/" nerves are strong and free from the ®
® *s_3fc^i • / ' fil'r_i.l'"l_^Vv *\o drains of past excesses or business worry. "X
4- > * a *!,f I, I \WY\%vr?*^\'* W - Where these drains exist a cure is yet ®
® . •'....■'-'■.■ vUI|.L __^)^r_-_" 'i "V possible, and good health can be restored +
4- _•_•§_ '' s *e=-Ck^__._U- by filling the body with a mild current of ®
0 _-s*^ "pww-^- Electricity from _ . • 4-
£ MY SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT. 1
*" It restores nerve force and checks all waste of strength in 30 days. Its ®
w electric current gives -life to weak nerves. My book, "Three Classes of Men," -*-
4- sent sealed, without marks, free on application. ,..-,, 0
+ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, __„_«,.. mY BOOK ®
V 702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F. **■«■- ««»»'»»•" .
® Or MV. South Broadway. Lo. Angele.. THBEE CLASSES OF MEN." ®
4 Office hours a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, it ie MAILED FREE. 4"
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. - \ ®
®4®4® 4- 4- ®+®4® 4- ®4®4® 4- ®4®4® + ®+ ®4® > ®4® -f ®f®>4® -f@4®4®^
■-..■-. .-.- * ■■■:. *
Sidney Reid, a reporter in the New |
York office of the Associated Press, gave
the particulars of an interview he had
with General Miles at the Waldorf-Astoria
on the 31st of January last. In this inter
view General Miles was represented as
telling of the inquiries he had set afoot '
concerning the beef supplied to the army,
as saying that the canned roast beef was
nothing more than the refuse of beef from'
which beef extract had been made, and as
stating that he had overwhelming cvi- |
dence that the embalmed beef was treated
with chemicals. '
Mr. Reid presented the court with a cor
rect copy of the interview as prepared by !
him. Referring to an interview with Gen
eral Miles printed in the New York Her
ald Mr. Reid said it was not a correct
reproduction of the Miles interview. "I j
saw portions of my interview in the Her
ald," he said, "combined with other mat
ter which I did not write."
In reply to questions from Major Lee
Mr. Reid said he did not have General :
Miles' .testimony before the war Investi
gating commission in mind when he
talked with him or when he wrote his ar
ticle. His conversation with General Miles
had occurred In the office of the hotel
and the latter at first declined to be in- '
terviewed, excusing himself several times.
Upon a later attempt on his part General I
Miles had consented to read what pur- I
ported to be Interviews with him in the j
New York evening papers of that date l
and had then expressed himself as rep- !
resented in the Associated Press dis
patches.
Mr. Reid said that General Miles knew j
he represented the Associated Press and
that he was taking notes. On the way
to his office he had compared his mem- i
orandum with that made by the reporter
of the New York Times, who was pres
ent at the time, and found they agreed \
substantially.
"I don't claim that the verbiage Is ab- !
solutely correct," he said, "but I do claim i
that It Is correct in substance and that It '
does not misrepresent what General Miles ;
said."
Moreover, he had volunteered to sub- i
mit the interview to General Miles when
written out, but the general had said j
that he was too busy to give attention to !
It, or had made some other excuse; con- !
sequently the general had not seen the I
article after it was prepared. The court !
then adjourned for the day.
General Shafter will give his testlmonv
to-morrow. He said to-night that he j
would probably remln In Washington j
only a few days, as he preferred to be ln '
San Francisco, where the work of trans- I
porting the troops is being accomplished. |
He said that he did not feel that his
presence there was required, but he pre- I
ferred to go back as soon as possible.
VAST TRACT LOST
TO THE RAILWAY
Decision in the Overlap
Land Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 10.— An opinion
I favoring the plaintiff in the case of the
United States vs. the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company was handed down
by Judge Ross of the United States
District Court to-day. The net result
of the decision is to give to the Govern
ment nearly 610,000 acres of land which
has heretofore been held and claimed
by the railroad company.
The United States originally brought
three suits against the Southern Pa*fic I
Railroad Company to determine title \
to the odd-numbered sections of land
within the twenty and thirty mile limits
of the grant made by the United States
to the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany through an act of Congress in
March, 1871. The disputed land was \
situated within twenty miles of the
general route of the Texas Pacific Rail
road. The three suits were combined.
In rendering his opinion the Judge
determined that the Texas Pacific Rail- j
road had made a valid location of its
general route and all lands within the !
twenty-mile limit of that line, amount- '
ing to 610,000 acres, were excepted from
the Southern Pacific grants, and the
Government was entitled to a decree
against the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company for those lands.
It was further decided that the at
tempted location of the Texas Pacific
Railroad Company from Yuma to San
Diego via San Gorgonio Pass was not
authorized by act of Congress, as a
definite location had never been com
pleted; that lands falling within the
limit of that route and outside of those
of the direct route of the Texas Pacific
were granted to the Southern Pacific
Company and that that company is
entitled to a decree for those lands.
The court also held that the Colorado
River Irrigation Company was a bona
fide purchaser of 5000 acres of land er
roneously patented to the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company.
DEGENERACY OF A STUDENT.
EVA-sSTON, Ills.. April 10.— Chester
Smart, a shoemaker and student at the
Garrett Biblical Institute, where he has
been taking- a theological course with a
view to preparing himself for the min
istry of the Gospel, was arrested to-day
on a charge of assaulting- the sickly six
year-old daughter of Mrs. Bulletta An
derson. He was given a preliminary
hearing -this afternoon and held to the
Grand Jury. When the police searched
his rooms most horrible evidences of de
generacy were found.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
u y '^>^^r^r-%ff-'^' *~
! 'f^^(__^ tf '^ ill' When a man Is
r\ _^^-l_- struc^ down by a
<_[iO\ .1' * #/* poisoned arrow tip-'
' """ v tf,U| »JL ped with the venom
__/ yr 0 the deadliest of
serpents, he knows
that his time has come. Death is only a
question of moments; but not one man in a
thousand realizes that when a little extra
bile gets into his blood his whole system is
being poisond just as truly as if a venom-
tipped arrow was sticking in his vitals.
Rattlesnake poison is a good deal quick-
er than bile-poison but the latter will do
just as deadly work if it keeps on accu-
mulating in the system. Probably two-
* thirds of the cases that end in consumption
begin with "liver complaint " and indiges-
tion. These troubles would never get as
far as consumption if Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery was used before the
bile-poisoning got fairly under way. This
remarkable "Discovery" invigorates the
torpid liver and gives it power to filter the
poisons out of the system rapidly and
I thoroughly.
It strengthens the digestive fluids and
I enables them to make rich red nourishing
blood; it builds up healthy muscle, steady
nerve force and enduring strength.
The experience of Mr. Val Burkard, living at
65 Mohr Aye.. Buffalo, N. V., is given in his own
words: '* Five weeks ago I followed your advice
and took two bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery and also two bottles of the ' Pleas-
ant Pellets.' I consider myself entirely cured,
as there have been no eruptions since I finished
the last bottle. I think it is the greatest remedy
I on the globe for blood and digestive disorders.
I Mv appetite increased wonderfully and I have
1 also gained flesh, I would like everybody to
'< know the true value of Dr. Pierces medicines
as I am confident by persistent use they cure all
j ailments for which they are recommended."
No household should be without a relia-
ble doctor's book. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for Dr. Pierces 1000-page " Common Sense
Medical Adviser" to the World's Dispen-
sary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
! A heavier cloth-bound volume 31 stamps.
J VJ_l^3o'MARKEt"sl"s'f^§^
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling; Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horse*
I and Ponies.
OVER .0 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
; Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
1 County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
i via Hopland. $8: via '"alistoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
■ S. P. R. R. to Callstoga. For illustrated pam-
! phlet or further information address J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake County. CaL, or see
> L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
i Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
, and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St., San franeisco.
I New things I
at
Aetna Springs 1
A 6-room cottage |
A 4-room cottage I
Hard finished; running water |
New steam generator |
for baths _
New kitchen |
Enlarged dining-room |
1 General improvement all around.
] Two trains dally— 7:3o a. m. and 4p. m.
I Round trip ticket, $7, Includes private
I conveyance to Springs. W.L.MITCHELL,
j Mgr., Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal. !
SKrGGS' HOTSPBINGS
Sonoma County; only 4*_ hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
I mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
i STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
i $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
Ip. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
I erences, any guest of the past four years.
' Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
j precedented. J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
' 3% hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
i Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
! tennis bowling, boating, bathing and fishing:
j finest ' hall and dining room in Santa Cruz
Mts.; club, billiard and smoKing rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip. $3.
Address W. E. VEAZIE, Lessee, South Ben
I Lomond. J '
THE HOY A RETREAT K*g_K m " e '
Mineral water; fine hunting: finest climate
' in California; magnificent location; plenty of
eggs, milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
nnd home comforts: (rood board with all the
I delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. POR-ER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87,
j Gilroy. ;
HOTEL" BELVEDERE
■ Open for the Season April _ Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also ln new cottages, just
I completed.
MRS. /_. T. MOORE.
BELVEDERE.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County, Cal.)
1 Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
' Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
I SON BROS.. Proprietors. |
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed; fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
! from Callstoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
I out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
! Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
!M. MERRY, Proprietor. . __^
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
i J. R. Morris. Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sure
i cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
j and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
; springs are located In Napa County, 20 miles
j east of St. Helena. The water Ib bottled at
I the spring, and contain- its own natural gaa.
j Stage leaves St Helena.
34
CONTESTS AT THE POLLS
BERKELEY VOTES
AGAINST SALOONS
Prohibitionists Carry the
Day.
THREE HUNDRED MAJORITY
TEMPERANCE PEOPLE WORK AT
TEE POLLS.
From Dawn Until the Voting Places
Close the Campaign Against
the Liquor Traffic Is
Waged. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Town Marshal — Richard Lloyd.
Town Clerk — M. L. Hanscom.
Town Treasurer John Squires.
Town Assessor lsaac Wells.
Public Library Trustees— D. Ir
win, A. F. Lange, W. D. McLaughlin,
A. W. Naylor, S. D. Waterman.
School Directors— First Ward, John
Weir; Third Ward, J. R. Little; Fifth
Ward, A. T. Sutherland; Seventh
Ward, George Phillips.
Town Trustees— First Ward, W. A.
Marston; Third Ward, E. Q. Turner;
Fifth Ward. R. C. Staats; Seventh
Ward, Christian Eoff.
Shall Berkeley license saloons
No.
BERKELEY, April 10.— The residents of
the university town turned out in full
force to-day for one of the most closely
contested elections Berkeley has known.
Shortly before 5 a. m. the polls opened
nnd a continuous stream of voters kept
the clerks and judges busy until 6 o'clock
this evening. It was nearly 11 o'clock be
fore the final result became known.
On the whole the election passed oft
very quietly. The business men In gen
eral showed their Interest In the extreme
by voting In large number* before taking
the morning trains to the city. Early in
the day the anti-saloon element put in
an appearance, sparing at effort to fur
ther its cause. The saloon-keepers were
not slow in beginning the fight, and a live
ly little contest between the two formed
the principal center of interest at the
several polling places.
As predicted li The Call yesterday, the
city has startled itself by voting to abol
ish saloons within Its corporate limits.
The majority vote on this issue leaves
little doubt as to the sentiment of the
community. It is emphatically against
the saloon-keepers and they will see In
a balance of about 300 votes gainst them
their warrant to shut up shop and ply
their traffic elsewhere. * "
The anti-saloonlsts, without allying
themselves with any party platform or
with any particular candidates, made the
issue one of moral principle, and asked
for votes on that ground aione, irrespect
ive of party or factional affiliations. Their
appeal was not in vain. Joining forces,
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, and the Anti-Saloon League of
California, assisted by the local churches
conducted a campaign which lacked noth
ing in energy or sound judgment. They
Hooded the city with their campaign lit
erature, they held meeting after meeting
in all the public halls and they worked
like politicians at the polls. Every man
who came to cast his ballot was met
by one of the women stationed at the
noils and presented with a ticket asking
him to vol against saloons. The vote
is a:. eloquent guarantee of the efficiency
of their canvass.
Just what attitude the new Board of
Trustees will take toward this matter re
main-. to be seen. It knows full well what
the feeling of the residents of the ; -; L> . is
and doubtless will act accordingly by vot
ing to not renew any of the saloon li
censes as soon as the present quarter ex
pires.
Next to the saloon question, the fight
for Town Marshal absorbed most of the
interest. For a while it seemed as though
Stewart would carry the day, as his vote
in the Second nnd Third wards exceeded
that of his opponent. But Lloyd, the in
cumbent, forged ahead in North and
West Berkeley, carrying the day with a
lair majority.
The closest contest was ween Tur
-3.1. _- n^- M i ?rrlll for Trustee from the
Third ward, the count ending with a
very small majority for Turner. Major
Jansen in tho Fifth Ward ran his op
ponent Staats very closely for Trustee
but failed by a narrow margin. Little in
the Third Ward ran far ahead of Dr
Semper for School Director.
Following is the vote by wards:
FIRST "WARD.
W ' Town Marshal— Richard Lloyd 143, Rob
ert Stewart 18S.
For Town Clerk— M. L. Hanscom 304.
For Town Treasurer— John Squires 295.
For Town Assessor— Louis Gottshall 115
Isaac Wells 20*!. • '
For Library Trustees— C. W. Davis IS3, H. D
Irwin it?. A. F. Lang, 253, W. D. McLaugh
lin 16.-,, A. W. Naylor 264, S. D. Waterman 262.
For School Director— Weir 164. James
Connor 159.
For Town Trustee— W. A. Maraton 259.
For keeping saloons— No 241. yes 73.
SECOND WARD.
Town Marshal- Richard Lloyd 110. Robert
Stewart 1.7.
Town Clerk— - L. Hanscom 222.
Town Treasurer— John Squires 219.
Town Assessor— Louis •'.-'hull 44, Isaac
M ells 18S.
Library Trusts ,-. W. Davis 116, H D
Irwin 164, A. F. Lan.e 202. D. W. McLaugh
lin 139. A. W. Naylor 205. S. 1, waterman IS9.
For keeping saloons— No IS9, yes 49.
THIRD WARD— A.
Town Marshal— Richard Lloyd 165. Robert
Stewart 124.
Town Clerk— M. L. Hanscom 252.
Town Treasurer— John Squires 247 ■
Town Assessor— Louis Gottshall ' 152, Isaac
W e'.ls '.32.
Library Trustees— C. W. Davis '<» II D
Irwin -"», v- F k-J.*- 118 ' W - D - McLaughlin
100. A. w. Naylor as, S. D. Waterman 230
Town Trustee— Clarence Merrill 135. E Q
Turner 145. ' r?
School Director--.. R. Little in. Henry Sen
ger 107. *
For keeping saloons— No 171. yes 154.
THIRD WARD— B. "
Town Marshal-Richard Lloyd 71. Robert
Stewart 141. "
Town Clerk— M. L. Hansoom 199
Town Treasurer— John Squires 200
Town Assessor Lou Gottshall 64 M »
Wells 14S. ' IBaac
Library Trustees— C. W. Davis 125 H D Ir
win 1«8, A. F. Lange 173. D. W. McLaughlin
101. A. W. Naylor 181, S. D. Waterman 176
Town Trustee— Clarence Merrill 103 E O
Turner 104. ' ' w '
School Director— J. R. Little 136, Henry Sen
ger 72.
For keeping saloons— • 157. yes 47.
FOURTH WARD.
For Marshal— Lloyd, &9; Robert Stew
art, 87.
Town Clerk— L. Hanscom. 155.
Town Treasurer— John Squires, 155.
Town Assessor— Louis Qottahall 26- Isaar-
Wells. 129. ' Ac
Library' Trustees— C. W. Davis. 101- H D
Irwin. 114: A. F. Langs US; D. W. McL-i'ushi
lln, 88: A. W. Naylor. 130; S. D. Waterman 130
For keeping saloons— No. 109; yes, 55.
FIFTH WARD.
For Marshal— Richard Lloyd, 121; Robert
Stewart, 102.
For Town Clerk— M. L. Hanscom. 200.
For Town Treasurer— John Squires. 19fl.
For Town Assessor— Louis Gottshail, go*
Isaac Wells, 133.
-Tor Library Trustees— C. W. Davis, 142; H
D. Irwin. 140; A. F. lounge. 162; W. D. 'Mc-
Laughlin, is."; A. W. Naylor, IST; S. D. Water
man, 148.
For School Director— A. T. Sutherland, 177.
For Town Trustee— Charles Jensen, 102; R C
Staats. 126.
For keeping saloons— Yes, 124; no, 89.
SIXTH WARD.
Town Marshal— Richard Lloyd, 155; Robert
Stewart, 40,
Town Clerk— M. L. Hanscom, 166.
» I^iJ_______l_r____. fit-ltjigt -_» - - ';£_,
ALAMEDA'S NEWLY ELECTED CITY TRUSTEES
Town Assessor— Louis Gottshall, 84; loaao
Wells 55
Library Trustees— C. W. Davis 64. 11. D. Ir
win 75: A. F. Ignite. 74; D. W. McLaughlin,
136- ' aW. Naylor, 78; B. D. Waterman, 77.
For keeping saloons— No, 109; yes, ,59.
SEVENTH WARD.
Town Marshal— Lloyd, 162; Robert
Stewart, 56. ,„_
Town Cleric— L. Hanscom, 187. -
Tun Treasurer— John Squires. 184.
Town Assessor-Louis Gottshall, 87; Isaac
AV Libr'arl 7 Tru6tee_-C. W. Davis 108; H. D Ir
win 114; A F. Lange. Ill; D. W. McLaughlin,
.', n 'aw Naylor. 116; a. D. Waterman, 105.
Town Trustee— Christian Hopp, 121; W. Mul
holland. 90. _,„■-. .... -.
School Director— George H. Phillips, 152, I.
Wilson, 63. _, „ ,
For keeping saloons— No. 60; yes. 141.
FATAL RIOTS
II TOE STREETS
UNO AT MINES
Continued from First Page.
bis revolver at his assailants from be
hind the counter. The infuriated crowd
at the door continued the fire, and _te_
yens seeing that death was inevitable If
he remained behind the counter, made a
desperate dash from his cover to a stair
way in the rear of the store. He fell
pierced by six bullets before he had gone
ten feet. One of the bullets had gone
through his neck, another through his
back and the other wounds were of a
minor nature. The fighting stopped In
stantly and Deputy Chaffee ran to the
wounded negro and placed him under ar-
r_vc
Stevens Is a negro of robust build, big i
and brawny. The -hock of his numerous
wounds did not apparently hurt him, for
he swore and said to the deputy, li
surrender " and, with blood pouring down
his clothing, walked with his captor to j
a physician's office, where he waa given
medical attendance. He was then taken |
to jail. , , 'V _
Meanwhile the riot was raging in the
street. As soon as the first shots had been
fired 'th.- whistle of the electric light
plant was Mow:, as a signal for the citi
zens, the majority of whom had long be- i
fore been sworn as deputies to turn out
armed and ready to fight. At the same
time the miners of the Tana and Penwell ;
mines which are located about four j
blocks distant from the Penwell store, <
which is the center of the town, rushed |
into the tipples and opened tire on the ,
thronged streets, the news that Stevens,
one of their number, had been shot and
arrested, aiouslng them to a pitch of rury.
They shot at any living mark in sight, j
ard*as a result among their victims are
three women. Two of them are white
women, wounded, and one negro woman,
Frank Landsworth is a grocer's delivery
boy. He was delivering goods near the
Penwell mine and was wounded in the (
forehead. Carrie Felix, a waitress at the ,
Harrison Hotel, was shot in the side by a ;
bullet that entered the kitchen window
from the Pana mine. Albert \ ickers was
wounded while standing on the Big Four
station platform. Farmer George Kim
ball was wounded just as he stepped from j
a Big Four train. Cyrus Strickler was
struck by a bullet while sitting in the
house of a neighbor. Cass Proffitt was
wounded ''i the street. ,,_,
The unknown negro men were killed in
the Flatham district, adjacent to the Pana
mine. The unknown negro woman was
also killed in this district. Mrs. Henriot
was wounded while in her dooryard near
tho Pana mine.
Frank Colburn, the local agent for a
brewing company, was standing in the
door of his bottling house, near the Pen
well coal mine, when a bullet from the
Penwell tipple killed him.
The report la general to-night that sev
eral miners ane dead and dying in the
fields near mine No. 2, near the Pana
Company, having been killed by stray
bullets, but owing to darkness it is im
possible to ascertain the facts regarding
the report.
This impression Is given credence also
by the fact that a dead negro miner was
found after nightfall in the road near
shaft No. 2. The firing in that vicinity
was general and it is probable that a
search in the morning will result in other
bodies being found. . ■ .
Coroner Bradley arrived from Taylor
ville at 5 o'clock to-night and the first
inquest will be held to-morrow over the
body of Frank Coburn. who Is the son of
er-Sheriff Ira Cobnrn. Until the Inquest
is Instituted it seems Impossible to secure
the names of the five dead negroes.
The military upon, arrival immediately
arrested every Deputy Sheriff, including .
Chief Deputy Cheney, all of whom were;
disarmed and then released. Chief of i
Police "William Kiely was also arrested ;
by the soldiers, and on being taken be
fore Colonel Culver was disarmed.
GEORGIA WOODS' INJURIES
WILL BE EXAMINED
Doctors Appointed to Ascertain the
Effects of the Beating Adminis
tered by Treadwell.
SAN JOSE, April 10.— A physical exami
nation of Georgia Woods, the woman who
is suing James H. Treadwell, the young
capitalist, for $25,000 for injuries he In
flicted by beating her, was ordered this
afternoon by Judge Kittredge of the Su
perior Court. Drs. I. N. Frasse. Elvira
Clement and Elizabeth Galllmore, the
latter two women, were appointed to
make the examination of the plaintiff
before the 25th of April.
'1 readwell gave the Woods woman an
unmerciful beating, and after knocking
her down jumped on her head with his
feet. She was confined to her bed for a
couple of weeks. Besides being made de
fendant ln a damage suit Treadwell has
been charged with Intent to commit mur
der. Ills attorneys claim the woman Is
shamming and took to her bed in order
to "bleed" their client. The case, which
will be very sensational, will be stub
bornly contested. ■]
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— The follow
ing pensions have been granted: Cali
fornia: Original— F. McCallister.
Veterans' Home, Napa, $8; Henry Bews,
San Francisco, $8; Charles R. Dodge, Blue
Lake, $8. Increase— Bartels, Lorln,
jr. to $8. Original widow, etc. — Clarissa
M. Engelsby, Rlncon, $8.
Oregon: Original— William A. Greek,
Roseburg, $6. Original widow, etc.—Mar
garet A. Gill. Eugene. $8.
Washington: Original— Simeon E. Phil
lips. Chehalls, *8; Theodore H. Wiley,
Johnson. $8: George A. .Morse, Sandy
Point, ft .
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
PRAY WHILE BATTLE
OF BALLOTS RAGES
Pomona ProhibitioQists Fast on
Election Day and Defeat
the Saloons.
POMONA, April 10.— A city campaign on the distinct Issue of "sa
loon or no Baloon" came to an end in the biennial election to-day.
Never before has there been such a canvass in Pomona Valley. For
five weeks the all-absorbing question has been whether to license sa
loons here each at $1000 a year or banish them from the city. To-day
there were all-day prayer meetings and fnstings at the churches in sup
plication to God to direct the voters to vote for the prohibition of the
liquor traffic ln Pomona. Men and women Joined ln song and prayer
and never desisted until the polls closed to-night. The high license party
was confident of success. Many had not the least idea the saloon Is
sue could be defeated, but the count of the ballots shows that the
Prohibitionists have won by over 100 majority. Pomona's two sa
loons will now have to quit business.
FIGHT FOLLOWS
FRESNO ELECTION
William McSwain Hits
Charles Joslin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, April There was only one
disgraceful Incident connected with tho
city election to-day. After the close of
the' polls William McSwain, a prominent
Democratic ward politician, struck
Charles Joslin. The injured man Is now
at the County Hospital and It Is feared
he will not recover. McSwain has not
yet been arrested. .
The cause of the fight was a remark
made by McSwain. The politician was
engaged in conversation with Lee Wof
ford and made a slurring remark which
Joslin thought applied to himself or to
one of his friends. Joslin called McSwain
to account and McSwain knocked him
down. McSwain then started down the
street. As soon as Joslin regained his
feet he started after him.
The men met in front of the Universal
Restaurant on I street. As soon as Joslin
walked up McSwain turned and struck
him in the face. The blow staggered Jos
lin and he fell. Ills head struck the side
walk with a thud. He was picked up in
an unconscious condition and taken to
the County Hospital. Dr. Davidson ex
amined the man's head, but could not
ascertain whether the skull had been
fractured, though from the nature of the
wound It appeared to be.
McSwain claims that after being
knocked down the first time Joslin made
a threatening pass as though to draw a
knife and that he knocked him down the
second time in self-defense. After strik
ing Joslin McSwain disappeared and could
not be found. He Was seen to enter the
Universal restaurant, but probably made
his exit through the rear door. It is
thought both McSwain and Joslin were
under the influence of liquor. A dirk was
afterward found near the scene. This
M Swain's friends claim fell from Jos
lln's pocket. .
With the exception of this fight, the
election passed off without incident worthy
of mention. The counting of the ballots
Is progressing slowly, but enough is
known to make certain the election of the
following candidates, the majorities rang
ing from 10 to 200: , -^.
City Clerk— James B. Johnson (D.).
Attorney— Frank Laning (D.).
Assessor— J. M. Collins (R.).
Marshal— D. Morgan (D.).
Treasurer— C. H. Swett (R.).
Recorder— David Cosgrave (R.).
Members of the Board of Education— J.
W. Gearhart (R.) and O. M. Thompson
City Trustees— J. C. Moore (RO. H. C.
Tupner (D.) and Taylor Albln (D.).
A Non-Partisan Board of Library Trus
tees was elected and also a Non-Partisan
board of fifteen freeholders who will have
ln charge the framing of a new city char
ter. Both the Democratic and Republi
can conventions indorsed the candidates
for Library Trustees and members of the
Board of Freeholders, and there was no
contest for these offices.
Winners at Tulare.
TULARE, April 10.— city election
passed off quietly with a heavier vote
than was expected: The officers elected
were: Marshal, Hi T. Whaley; Recorder,
Joel H. Ford: Treasurer, J. W. Nantz;
Clerk, D. S. Woodruff; Attorney, C. R.
Scott: Library Trustee, 11. M. Shrove;
Board of Education. T. J. Cantwell. E.
W. Holland and G. G. Shannon; two
members of the City Council. W. E. Green
and A. E. Miot. No party nominations
were mads, all of the candidates run
ning independently. The hottest contests
were for Marshal and Recorder. In th*
latter there were five Independent, candi
dates. ■
RETURNS AFTER HAVING
BEEN DECLARED DEAD
George W. Fay Back in San Jose to
Claim Property in an Adminis
. trator's Hands.
SAN JOSE. April 10.— George W. Fay,
after having been declared legally dead
by the Probate Court and after having
had his estate administered upon and dis
tributed, has returned to San Jose in the
flesh and to-day filed a petition, asking
that the order of distribution granted to
the administrator be annulled and that
his estate, valued at $1543, be returned to
him intact. Fay is a single man and a
grandson of James ABhworth, a pioneer,
who died in 1896, leaving an estate valued
at $70,000. During the past nine years Fay
has been traveling.
ELECTION STRIFE
AT SAN RAFAEL
Frequent Persona! En
counters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 10.— The municipal
election to-day developed the most bitter
contest ever known in San Rafael— a fight
In which political and partisan Issues were
entirely lost eight of, owing to an attack
mode out of religious motives on a candi
date for the office of School Trustee by a
county official. So keenly was this as
sault deplored by the people generally
that prominent citizens of all religious
and political bodies arrayed themselves
around the standard of the candidate in
question and battled so vigorously In his
behalf that he polled an enormous vote.
At a late hour the count showed him to
bo so far ln the lead that his election is
regarded as a certainty. Personal en
counters during the day were numerous,
and on two occasions the cause of the
heated feeling narrowly escaped injury
at the hands of citizens. This evening he
was not in evidence on the streets at all.
Ten days before the election the Social
ist Labor party placed several candidates
ln the field and caused some active dis
cussion, but a day or two later County
Superintendent of Schools Robert Furlong
buried all other issues by making a vigor
ous canvass against P. F. Cochrane, a
candidate for School Trustee, because of
the latter's religious belief. Furlong even
went so far as to try to persuade another
candidate to withdraw from the contest
in order to encompass Cochrane's defeat.
The most prominent citizens of the com
munity, irrespective of religious affilia
tion, plunged into the fray and made
Cochrane's fight ln so aggressive a style
that he "won in a walk."
While the excitement was at the high
est pitch this morning and voters were
being brought to the polls in all kinds of
vehicles, a San Francisco contractor
named A. J. Chisholm met Furlong on the
street and shook his first under the of
fending official's nose, accompanying the
act with some language of a violent char
acter. Furlong avoided an encounter by
hurrying away from the spot. Later _
candidate of the religious belief opposed
by Furlong handed the School Superin
tendent his card, the scene being wit
nessed by Michael Cochrane, the aged
father of the candidate for School Trus
tee.
"Don't you know better than to ask a
man to vote for you who would cut your
throat if he da"red!" yelled the old man.
as he rushed forward with upraised can..
"Get out of here quick!"— this to Furlong,
and the latter stood not on the order.
The candidates practically assured of
election by the vote counted at a late
hour are as follows:
School Trustees— P. F. Cochrane, I_ F.
Dunand and Thomas Hansen.
Town Trustees— Henry Eckhoff, Henry
Schlosser and Henry Gleske.
Marshal— Healey.
Treasurer— Scott.
Assessor— W. F. Dougherty.
City Attorney— P. Boyd.
Clerk— John T. Buslln.
Bakersfield's Election.
BAKERSFIELD, April 10.— The city
election was held to-day, the following
officers being chosen: Marshal, George
A. Tibbet; City Attorney, George Flour
noy Jr.; Clerk, A. T. Lightner; Assessor,
B. Brundage Jr.; Recorder, S. W. Marion;
Treasurer, O. O. Mattson; Trustees, J. E.
Bailey. W. Lowell, Thomas Harding;
Board of Education, (>. D. Fish. H. A.
Blodget, C. Brower. The contest for Mar
shal was the most bitter of all. There
were eight in the race. B. F. Whltton
was Tlbbet's chief opponent, running
within seventeen votes of him. The vote
of the city was light— about 1000.
HAY ON BIMETALLISM.
Informed England This Government
Was Not Beady to Reopen the «'
Question.
LONDON, April 10.— A blue book giving
the evidence obtained by the Indian cur
rency committee was published here to
day. It includes a letter from the United
States Secretary of State, Colonel John j
Hay, to Lord Aldenham, a director of the
I Bank of England, dated November 25 last,
saying: "The Washington Cabinet does
not consider it expedient for the United '
States to reopen the bimetallic question at !
present, in view of the character of the
British Ministry's reply to the bimetallic \
commission in 1897."
Colonel Hay added that the Cabinet was '
open to consider the question of ratio. '
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE
WINS IN ALAMEDA
Heavy Vote Polled In
the Election.
CONRAD CHOSEN MARSHAL
SCHOOL TRUSTEES LANXTREE
AND TISDALE BEATEN.
Through the Victory of One Candi
date Harmonic Hall Gains Con
trol of the Board of City
Trustees.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALAMEDA, April- 10.— election to
-iiy resulted ln a victory for the Municipal
I-cagTie. It elected two of Its candidates
members of the Board of City Trustees,
all of its candidates for the Board of Edu
cation and City Attorney and City As-
BeßHor. Harmonle Hall elected one mem
ber of the Board of City Trustees, John
Conrad, Independent candidate for City
Marshal , won by a vote exceeding
the combined vote of Gunn and Macßae,
Roswell G. Wheeler, also an Independent,
defeated Lubbock and Johnson for the
office of City Treasurer. The successful
candidates are as follows:
Members of the Board of Trustees J
oseph F. FOrderer, Municipal League;
Alexander Mackie, Harmonic Hall; George
R. Miller, Municipal League.
Members of the Board of Education—
E. M. Keys, Frank Otis and J. R. Sloan,
all Municipal League nominees.
City Clerk— Ben F. Lamborn (no oppo
sition).
City Attorney— E. K. Taylor (Municipal
League).
City Assessor— Minor Smith (Munici
pal League).
City Recorder— F. St. Sure (no oppo
sition).
City Marshal— John Conrad (independ
ent).
City Treasurer— G. Wheeler (in
dependent).
Library Trustees— P. W. Barton (Har
monic Hall), E. W. Maslin (Municipal
League), William M. Bowers (Harmonic
Hall).
A large vote was polled and unusual In
terest taken. The total vote was 2517, as
compared with 2136 at the election two
years ago. There were no disturbances of
any kind during the day and no arrests
were made. The forces of the Municipal
League were well organized and ably
handled, while the Harmonic Hall people
lacked unity of action. The Young Men's
Republican Club, which took an active
part ln the campaign, cut no figure in the
election on the face of the returns.
The principal fight was for control of
the Board of Education. Early in the cam
paign the Municipal League trained Its
guns on Trustees J. B. Lanktree and C. L.
Tlsdale. who were candidates for re-elec
tion, charging that the gentlemen were
using the department, In connection with
Superintendent Sullivan, as a political
machine. The controversy led to the cele
brated telephone Interview between B. C.
Brown, author of the Municipal League
charges, and Trustee Tlsdale. Lanktree
and Tisdale made desperate efforts to se
cure re-election, calling to their assistance
County Clerk Jordan and many Oakland
politicians. The result of to-day's ballot
ing, however, was their complete down
fall. This means that Superintendent Sul
livan's official head will fall in the basket.
The outcome of the Marshalship and
Treasurer's fight was a surprise. The
poor showing of Gunn, the Harmonic can
didate and Macßae, the nominee of the
Municipal League, cannot be accounted
for in any other way than that it was due
to the extreme popularity of John Con
rad, who has been connected with the
police force for thirteen years and was
appointed to succeed Marshal Rogers
when the latter was elected Sheriff.
Strange as it may appear, while Har
monic Hall lost to-day's election it has
gained control of the Board of City Trus
tees by the victory of Alexander Mackie.
Trustees Schulte and Brick, holdovers,
were elected by Harmonic Hall two years
ago. and by the addition of Mackie the
party will have a majority of one vote in
the board. Forderer, who is re-elected,
will lose the chairmanship and will prob
ably be succeeded in that position by
Brick.
The total vote received by all the candi
dates follows:
City Trustees Albert Arents 961, Joseph F.
Forderer 1244. Frank TV. Hopps 996, Alexander
Mackie 1233, O. R. Miller 1273. Martin H. Owens
902, B. J. Smith "3.
Board of Education— M. Keyes 1982. J. B.
Lanktree 1141, Frank Otis 1507, J. It. Stern 1228.
Charles L. Tlsdale 1092.
Library Trustees— Phlneas W. Barton 1328.
William M. Browers 1135, Percy H. Evans 1031,
TV. B. Kollmyer 1098, E. W. Muslin 1171. James
M. Shanly 1014.
City Clerk— Ben F. Lamborn 2051.
City Attorney— M. W. Simpson 1017, E. K.
Taylor 1419.
City Assessor— Arthur G. Burns 1038, E.
Minor Smith 1394.
City Recorder— A. F. St. Sure 2006.
City Marshal— John Conrad 1250, William A.
Gunn 607, George N. Macßae 612.
City Treasurer— Elmer E. Johnson 672. Os
wald Lubbock 633. Roswell G. Wheeler 887.
Woodland Results.
WOODLAND, April 10.— The municipal
election passed off quietly here to-day.
The Democrats elected Gibson and Cral_
City Trustees, a gain of one. For the City
Board of Education the Democrats
elected Dingle, and the Republicans Day,
a Democratic gain of one. The Demo
crats elected Lawson Marshal, Tilden As
sessor and Fisher Warden. The Repub
licans elected Harlan Assessor and An
derson Attorney, the latter a Republican
gain. . !
SALOON PROPRIETORS
APPEAL THEIR CASES
LOS ANGELES, April 10.— The victims
of the city liquor laws who have been
adjudged guilty of alleged violations un
der city ordinances will seek a higher
tribunal for redress. A determined at
tack was this morning made in the Su
perior Court on the proceedings whereby
several saloon-keepers and employes were
fined for alleged violations of the mid
night and Sunday closing ordinance. The
attorneys for the defendants appeared
before Judge Smith and said they were
prepared to argue on two propositions—
First, a motion to dismiss on the ground
that . the ordinance upon which convic
tions had been obtained was Invalid be
cause an old ordinance had been super
seded by the new ordinance; second, on
a motion for a new trial, as the Police
Judge who heard the original trials had
refused the defendants the privilege of a
jury trial.
The attorneys are divided on the right
of a Police Judge to refuse a jury trial
to persons accused of having violated
city ordinances, but admit the defendant
has the right to such demand under an
infraction of the State laws.
This attempt to test the laws and ordi
nances is regarded as a determined ef
fort to bring to a head all legislation
affecting the rights of liquor dealers and
is fraught with more importance than
these preliminaries now reveal, as all of
the alleged violators of the Sunday ordi
nance who were arrested during the re
cent upheaval have taken similar posi
tions.
Schooner's Mate Drowned.
PORTLAND, Or., April 10.— Charles
Ross of San Francisco, first officer of the
schooner Prosper, was drowned in the
Willamette River this afternoon. He was
superintending the loading of his vessel
with lumber when he slipped and fell
overboard. He sank Immediately and the
body could not be found.
SUPERVISORS
MUST BE HELD
RESPONSIBLE
To Legalize Sparring
Exhibitions.
CITY ATTORNEY'S OPINION
PRACTICAL APPLICATION OF THE
NEW LAW.
Legal Requirements as to the Pay
ment of an Annual License
Fee Is the Pertinent
Point.
The popular belief that the law paused
by the last Legislature relative to spar
ring exhibltons has the effect of legalizing
what has heretofore been Illegal was ex
ploded yesterday by City and County At
torney Lane in a formal opinion given the
Board of Supervisors.
The statement in brief Is that the new
law simply makes a provision authorizing
Boards of Supervisors to impose certain
conditions which, If complied with, will
make the giving of sparring exhibitions
legal. If the conditions are not complied
with, or if they are not Imposed, then the
participants stand in the same position as
regards the new law as they did under the
former statute. In other words, to use a
sporting term, the Legislature has
"passed the buck" to the Boards of Su
pervisors of the various counties, and It
now lies with the local legislative bodies
to act and thus become responsible for
what is done in the prize ring.
The new law follows the language of
the old statute and makes all persons who
participate in, instigate or encourage a
prize fight or sparring exhibition guilty
of a felony. To this Is added the follow
ing proviso:
Provided, however, that- sparring exhibi
tions, not to exceed a limited number of
rounds, with gloves of not less than five
ounces each ln weight, may be held by a
domestic incorporated - club upon the pre
payment by such club of an annual license
to be fixed by the Supervisors of each
county.
It follows that if the Supervisors do not |
fix an annual license fee, or having fixed !
it it is not paid, then the persons engaging i
ln or promoting a sparring exhibition are
to be held guilty of a felony.
City and County Attorney Lane holds
that the Board of Supervisors is not nec
essarily required to fix an annual license
fee and thereby give promoters of spar
ring exhibitions an opportunity to legalize
what is otherwise held to be Illegal. Re
plying to a query put by the board he
says:
You ask further If you "must Impose an
annual license upon incorporated athletic
clubs proposing to hold boxing contests or
exhibitions." The statute provides that
(pairing exhibitions may be held by cer
tain clubs "upon the prepayment by such
club of an annual license to be fixed by
the Supervisors of each county." There Is
in this language no direction positive and
explicit requiring the Board of Supervisors
to fix a license for sparring exhibitions in
each county. There is not even an implica
tion that each county must necessarily fix
6uch a license. The act Is an amendment
to the Penal Code. It does not purport to
do more than define a certain crime. If it
did the proviso would not have been ger
mane and relevant to the enacting clause.
It does not say to the Board of Super
visors of Siskiyou County or Inyo County
"You must fix a license for Incorporated
athletic clubs giving- sparring exhibitions."
But It does say that If one now participates
ln a sparring exhibition given by an Incor
porated athletic club which has paid the
license fee affixed therefor by the Board of
Supervisors he Is no longer guilty of a
felony. And if the Board of Supervisors
does license sparring exhibitions of the kind
herein considered it will now be acting
within the law. But the statute does not
compel the board to fix an annual or any
license fee.
Further, the board may within its com
prehensive police powers as a municipal
legislative body Impose other conditions
than those set forth in the statute upon
such exhibitions. But such conditions
should be Imposed by general order or reso
lution applying to all such exhibitions and
must not conflict with the conditions Im
posed by statute. If a license Is fixed It
must be reasonable, as must be all other
regulations Imposed.
At their meeting- yesterday the Su
pervisors discussed the question of ex
acting a yearly license of $5000 for the
privilege of promoting boxing here. The
matter was referred to the Health and
Police Committee for further investiga
tion. A permit was granted Washington
Square Athletic Club for a meeting on
the 13th inst. The application of the Ex
celsior Club was laid over until the
Health and Police Committee reports.
SEARCH FOR MOORE
IN BUTTE COUNTY
CHICO, April 10.— A posse of officers has
been out all day searching this vicinity
for Ed Moore, the murderer of Officer
Kilroy of Nevada City. A man closely
resembling Moore has been seen near
here, and the fact that the murderer has
relatives here and was at one time a resi
dent of Chico adds to the belief that he
Is in hiding near this city. Sheriff Get
chell of Auburn is leading the posse.
America and Germany.
So soon as America showed her characteris
tic firmness the German cruiser left Manila
Bay, and we now protect the German Inter
ests. In a like manner all stomach ills fly
before the wonderful Power of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It strikes at the root of all
diseases — the stomach, and not only cures In
digestion, constipation, biliousness, liver: and
kidney troubles, but cures them quickly and
permanently. It makes a hearty appetite and
fills the blood with rich red corpuscles.
TothePublic
For the past six years Rob-
ert Eagleson has only been
employed as Manager^ one
of Eagleson & Co.'s stores, and
from this date ceases to be
employed by us in any capacity
whatever.
J. G. EAGLESON,
W. HAWKINS.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
_«j_^te^. DO SOT DESPAIR ! DonotSu.-
-_BBB-_— L fer Longer) The joys and ambitions of
gßr^*^H Ufa can be restored to you. The very
__X JBh-L worst cases of Setvoni Debility are
a SOT DESPAIR !Da not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst esses of \#voai Debility are
absolutely cured by PERFECTO
*„& —tl--. BEETS. Give prompt relief to in-
W$K- -___R_i somnia, failing memory and the waste
tXxVf}__K_fir and drain of vital powers. incurred by
«7_AH7J^» indiscretions or excesses of early years.
N ** > Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give / _M^ bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of I j^a\ young or old.
One box renews vital energy. t__lj_|g boxes at
$2. 60 a complete guaranteed cure money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest >"■_" pocket. Bold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
, Vice by TH_ ra-F-CTO CO., Caxtoa Bldr., Ckieiri, 111.
1 Bold by Owl Drug Co., 6. F. and Oakland. '""
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Brown's
Bronchial
Troches
(OF BOSTON)
surpass all other prepara-
tions in allaying Hoarse
ness and Irritation of the
.Throat. As a cough rem-
edy they are pre-eminently
1 the best.
tl Observe Pac-Slmllo Signature of
I on wrapper of every box.
OO^O^O-^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O*
! VICHY « HEALTHFUL 1 1
♦ CM A Natural Mineral Water %
£ \ioi with medicinal quail ties o
6 Jflk or Indigestion and °
° y€*SJ_ Stomaoh Disorders, 6
| fyffli- So-called VICHY I
% 1-H--1 IN SIPHONS %
I HE 1 — VICHY 1
0 S^lfSNl Get the Genu,ne o
i sjbvibh T
I f_fsnl-R__-rifS ©
• IH^iy_- I______] %
!hAj?___.-f i-flift ?. -IWff %
°> A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent O
4>os>o>s , o<S>o3>o<£o<3>o<S>o<s>o-«>o<--0<&0- > 04>
j ~£. SAVE YOUR MONEY
:;! JL From $10 to $17,50 J!
< I k^mmwmK You can get the best All-Wool /
, jffff||§|im Suit Made to Order at ,
:!Ij§fJoE POHEIM:
i 1 / W^3" If you want a first-class, [>
'! HSjii well-fitting suit of clothes ,'
\ lip! from $20 to $40 go to i|
;! If JOE POHEIM \\
1 < *^Jra Fine Clothes at 25 per j>
[ cent less than elsewhere. ,'
!l 201-203 Montftomery St., Cor. Bush, i.
; 1110-1112 Market St.^ S. F. I.
SKIN, SCALP, m^
COMPLEXION. m fmM
Itching-, burning-, irritated skin, Sess J*J.
scaly, crusted Bcalps, falling hair T-BJU £r
and dandruff and blemished com- > tm**^
plexlons Instantly relieved and restored to -
healthy, natural condition by the daily use of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying. Sold everywhere.
q Visit DR. JORDAN'S <*«•»
JiL Museum of Anatomy
/psf! lCc-H_.B_---..tei.et_&7t_, S.F.
» _T ft W The Largest of lv kind in tbe World.
1 «S_H_»\ DR - -JORDAN— Private Disease*.
■.K-VH JL Consultation free. Wriw for 8.0.
M I f Philosophy of Marriage.
— 1 4- M«IL-0 FREE.
' At Auction!
THIS DA..
TUESDAY - - - - APRIL 11, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
HAVES-STREET RESIDENCE.
North side of Hayes st. (No. 850). 137:8 eaat
of Fillmore. 27:6x137:6: large house of 10 rooms,
bath and high basement; modern.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
NE. cor, of Seventeenth and Noe sts., SOx
91:6; north side of Seventeenth St.. 27:6 west of
I Prosper; 2 elegant building sites; street work
! all done.
GROVE-STREET FLATS.
North side (No*. 342 to 352) Grove St., 192:8
west of Franklin, 55x68:9; 6 elegant flats. 5 and
4 rooms, bath and basement: rents $100; sunny
side of street; all new plumbing.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
South line of Jackson st., 130:6 west of Bu-
chanan, 50:Cx127; an elegant site for a fine
residence In one of the most select neighbor-
hoods In the city; present Improvements 2 cot-
tages; 2217 and 2221 Jackson st.
LEAVENWORTH-STREET FLATS.
East side of Leavenworth tNn?. 1120, 1120 A),
i 22:11 south of Sacramento, 22:11x50 feet, to
Golden Court; 2 nice flats of 6 and 5 rooms,
bath, basement.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side (No. 12) Vlcksburg st., 91:6 south
of Twenty-second, 22:6x135; good house of 6
rooms and bath; an unsurpassed view; street
accepted.
MISSION CORNER.
NE. cor. of Henrietta st. and Prospect aye..
25x70 feet; 2 good corner lots, all ready for
building.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
South side of West Park st., 100 feet west of
Mission. 25x100 feet; a good building lot; street
work all done.
. PARK LANE LOT.
Lot 34, Park Lane Tract, No. 4, 25x70 feet J
good lot, all ready for building.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO..
Auctioneers. 638 Market st.
000000000000000000
-'«■" PALACE *.wS
%GRAND hotels g
q SAN FRANCISCO. ~
Connected by a covered passageway.
Jf UOO Roomy— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. °
O • All Under One Management. O
0 •■; NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward Q
q American Plan.sS.OO per day and upward -.
** Correspondence Solicited. _•
O ; JOHK 0. KIHSPATHICK, Manager. O
QOOOOOOOQOpOOOOOQO
DXICNIJITYr
OTITIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
-. Special Ist Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only. Hook on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 20 v'rs' experience.
Patients on red at Home. Terms reasonable HoursS
to 3 dully; a.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 11 Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. C_ll,oraddre_»
P. -tOSCOI. McXUIiTY. __._>.
26% Kearny St., ban Francisco. CaLNEALL SICK.
OVERWORKED,
IRRESPONSIBLE
Trend of Testimony at
His Court-Martial.
MAJOR EDIE CALLED FIRST
BOOKS NOT KEPT. BUT PAPERS
ALL SEEMED RIGHT.
Accused Suffered From the Effects of
Grip and Would Not Have Acted
as He Did Had He Been
Well.
The trial of Lieutenant John M. Neall
was commenced in earnest yesterday
morning*. The charges against him were
read and he pleaded to them, and tho ex
amination of the first witness. Major Guy
L. Edie. was nearly completed.
The accused pleaded not guilty to all of
the charges and specifications except to
the first charge and its first specification
and to the first specification of the second
charge. His plea to the first charge and
specification was a qualified one, however,
for he pleaded guilty only to the specifica
tion as altered by himself. The first
charge was absence without leave; the
first specification of the charge was that
he had wrongfully absented himself from
1 p. m. of February 15. 1539, to 10 a. m.
March 19, 1599. This he pleaded guilty to
as of from 7 a. m. February 16 to 10 p. m.
March IS. The other charges, contrary to
expectations, included all the matters of
company, exchange and club shortages al
leged against him from the first of the
trouble, and also two cases of deception
which were not known before. He was
asked by tho adjutant, Lieutenant Har
ris, why he did not turn over the ac
counts of the post exchange in conformity
with the orders he had received, and he
told Harris he could not do so until he had
had indorsed by the administratrix of the
lato Captain Nolan certain checks made
ravable to Lieutenant Nolan when he was
in "charge of the exchange. This statement
- . This statement
was faise. the specification allege., and
was made for the purpose of deceiving
the adjutant. The same statement waa
also made to the quartermaster, Lieuten
ant T. H. Siavens, and upon that a sec
ond specification Is based. Ho is also ac
cused of conduct unbecoming an officer
and a gentleman, the specifications being
that he left his wife and family without
means of support, that he did not pay
his bills, and that he deceived his brother
officers. The four charges In brief are:
Absence without leave; absence from
guard mount; induct prejudicial to good
order and military discipline; conduct un
becoming and officer and a gentleman.
The second charge Is based on the fact
that on the day he disappeared he had
been ordered to duty as officer of the day
and as such had charge of the guard.
Major Edie, brigade surgeon and in
charge of the medical department of the
post, was the first witness called. He
said he had been called to see Mrs. Neall
the day after Neall had disappeared. She
told him Neall had never been away be
fore and she was afraid there was some
thing wrong with htm. She said he had
been acting peculiarly for some time and
she was much worried over his absence.
The next day Major Edie called on Mrs.
Neal! again, and as her husband had not
appeared he asked her if she was In need
of financial assistance. She said she had
no money <*_cept what was in Neall
pockets, so a meeting of the officers was
called in the Presidio Club and ' some
money was subscribed, which Mrs. Neall i
accepted as a loan and which subsequent j
testimony showed she had paid back the
day after Neall's return. Major Edie was !
then questioned on the shortage of troop
funds. He had been a member of the !
council of Investigation that went over
th. books of Troop B. and he described i
how they had not been written up from
the quarter ending March 31, 1898. Bills
to the amount of ?374 2& had been present
ed against the troop since ers disap
pearance. There was some attempt to
show something of the shortage of club
moneys charged to the negligence of the
accused, who was treasurer of the club,
but that line was evidently reserved for
another witness, for it was not followed
far.
On cross-examination the witness stat
ed thai Mrs. Neall, when he went to call
on her after her husband's disappearance,
declared her husband must be dead. Crit
tenden Thornton, who represents the ac
cused, questioned the witness closely as
to what he had found from the investi
gation of the troop books and how far
that Investigation went. The witness said
the council had no power to proceed fur
ther than to ascertain if any money had
disappeared. There was no evidence to
go by except the unpaid bills, which had
been kept; and these he admitted were
all on hand and easy of access and there
had been no further demands made on the
troop except those which came ln just
after Neall disappeared. Thone bills too
it was shown, were all of this year's
dates, and Thornton brought out the fur
ther fact that there was no knowledge
of the fact that the tradesmen presenting
the bills had refused further trade or had
feared any loss.
"He failed to write up his books from
vouchers on hand, and that was the ex
tent of hjs neglect of duty to that de
gree?" was Thornton's question.
"Yes," was the answer, "that was his
neglect of duty to that degree so far as
we could learn from the papers."
Major Edie also brought out the fact
that the duties of treasurer of the club
war- somewhat onerous, the inference be
ing that tho neglect of duty in that par
ticular was also due to carelessness rather
than to viciousness.
Major Edie has been ordered to Manila
with the lirst transport, and BO Thornton
asked leave at that time to examine him
for the defense. The room was cleared
and the court considered, announcing a
few minutes after that such a procedure
would he allowed. •
Thornton immediately took up the Bub
ject of Neall's health. The witness said
be had attended to Neall for the effects
of a severe attack of the grip, and he had
advised him to go to bed and stay there.
Neall had been attacked in December of
1898, and owing to his mental and physical
exhaustion he had consulted Edie ' pro
fessionally, as well as in a friendly way.
It was also s_own hat during the recent
war Neall had been performing a great
deal of extra duty, and it ran him down so
he was seriously in need of' rest. "He was
then really keeping up on alcohol," were
the words of the witness.
"Do you consider," questioned Thorn
ton, "that if he had been in his normal
state he would have absented himself to
avoid the consequences of any action of
his own?"
"I do not believe he would, in his normal
state." said the witness.
That practically ended the proceedings
for tho day.
It is not likely the trial will take up
The Court-Martial in Session to Try Lieutenant John M. Neall.
ZOCCHI, THE ANARCHIST,
IS A MODERN M ODERN ADGELO
Starving. Un
known . and 1
Feared Ital- J
ian Sculp- <
4
tor Sudden- <
ly Finds;
<
.Himself Fa- «
rnouß and <
4
Respec ted <
t
Witt. One .
Thousand -
<
Dollars t. J
J.is Credit, <
<
EXCITEMENT and Jubilation rule
the local Italian colony. A new
artist has been discovered ln Its
very midst, and the strange part
of It all Is that the sculptor to
whom all would now do honor
was not many days ago a feared and
desplßed creature, one to whom all self
respecting Italians alluded as "that
Zocchi. the anarchist."
Like many another great man. Zoc
chl's fame cam. over night. Saturday
last the world that can put Its hand
into its pocket and draw forth fists full
much time, now that It has started, for
there Is no wrangling between prosecution
and defense, Mr. Thornton or Captain No
ble, the judge advocate, and leading ques
tions are put hi numbers to raise the hair
! on th© baldest attorney ln the local crim
i inal courts. It paves time and ever." one
i understands why they are put, and the
facts are reached when ln an ordinary
court the attorneys would still be argu
! ing. The proceedings aim to get at the
facts In the quickest and clearest way
; possible, and technicalities are not con
sidered. _______
MYSTERIOUS SMITH IS
OUT WITH A STORY
HE STATES HIS REASON FOR NOT
FIGHTING.
"Billy" Smith, the mysterious pugilist
who failed to meet George Green last
Friday night ln Woodward's Pavilion,
visited the office of The Call last evening
and desired the publication of a story
giving his reason for not fighting on the
evening in question. This is Smith's ver
sion of the affair:
r • SAN FRANCISCO. April 9, 1899.
To the Sporting Public: I would like to en
lighten the public why I did not meet Green.
I have fought for the past ten years and I have
yet to meet the first man to accuse me of. be
ing a faker. I have always fought to win, and
when I heard the rumors of the fight being a
take I became disgusted, and knowing the men
I had to contend with, who were running the
fight. I made up my mind that if I caught them
doing anything wrong I would not fight. At
weighing--, time Alex Greggains told me that
he lust received a copy of the articles, and
that Messrs. Groom and Gibbs left out the
principal part of the agreement— regarding the
complimentary tickets. The first article pro
vided that the club should pay for all com
pliment a rles ever 2l>o and for all counterfeit
tickets taken In at the door by the ticket taker.
.he*. are the articles that I signed.
Now the articles that Groom and Gibbs gave
to Mr. Greggains only called for 200 eompli
mentarlea and did not mention the counterfeit
tickets. Mr. Qreffzalns accused Groom of
changing the articles, which Groom denied.
Mr. Kennedy produced a copy of the first set,
and Mr. Groom said It was a mistake. Well.,
this mistake put me on my guard, as I made
It mv business to instruct the men I had at the
door to keep a sharp lookout for counterfeit
tickets and not to let a man pass without tak
ing his ticket and putting the coupon in the
box. This was done until the press tickets
came ln. Insead of taking the press ticket and
THE SAN ERAS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
of shining coins knew him not. Yester
day the busy little Italian colony
spoke only "Zocchi," "Zocchi," and
was doing its utmost to spread abroad
his fame.
Zocchi has been commissioned by the
committee that repre^ .nts the Italian
Mutual Benevolent Society to carve in
marble and granite the monument that
is to be placed in the center of the new
Italian cemetery at San Mateo, and
■which will be the colony's tender trib
ute to all who find a last resting place
there. V •:.
Competition for the honor was keen.
Eight of the best known local artists
eagerly sought for the prize, but the
anarchist sculptor's work, by unani
mous vote, was awarded the contract,
that calls for a monument twenty
three feet high resting on a pedestal
fifteen feet square, and for which tho
artist's emolument Ib to be $1000.
When the Italian Benevolent Asso
ciation purchased Its cemetery lot at
San Mateo President Ravenna essayed,
by general subscription, to raise a fund
for a monument. Money, however,
was coming ln but slowly, when J. F.
Fugazi, with characteristic generosity,
rutting half of It In the box, the ticket taker |
would only tear off one corner and jrlve the
ticket back, and instead of putting the torn
otf piece In the box he would throw It away
and the fighters would get no account of the
m°n uaeseU in on nuch tickets.
Those tickets were cold on th« outside, and
when I called Mr. Groom's attention to the j
matter he would not allow the ticket taker to |
put them in the box. My men insisted on hav
ing them put In the box. but it was no use.
He told the men he would have them put out
if th<\v Interfered with the ticket takers. Th«n
down to Bee what, he meant. I saw one
Supervisor bringing eight men In without a
ticket. I asked him why he did not pive the !
Supervisors their tlrkets. lie said he did, but I
they Rave- them away. Then I knew I was get
ting the wont Ol it. and I told Groom if there i
was not $2500 in the house I would not fight.
They offered $1500, which I refused, and so did
Mr. Green refuse the offer. The first thins I
knew I saw Green In the ring, and he wanted
the club to give him the purse. This was a
funny move on the part of Gr?en, who did not
even have hla shoes laced when he entered the
ring.
Now as to George Green. I will meet him
before any club outside of the so-called Na
tional Club, and bet him as much as he wants.
I am ready to meet him Inside of ten days.
There Is another mean trick that Mr. Groom
played on me. He came and asked me to let
Jim Jeffords box Collins ten rounds, to which
I consented. After training three weeks and
paying Jeffords' expenses, Mr. Groom got his
club doctor to say that Collins had heart fail
ure. Mr. Greggains had Dr. O'Donnell to ex
amine Collins, and Dr. O'Donnell pronounced
him all right— that there was nothing the mat
ter with his heart. I asked Groom who was
going to pay Jeffords' expenses, but he would
not listen to me. The whole difficulty with the
match was that Jeffords would not cut the
purse for Green. From the way Mr. Green has
been acting. It looks as though he were inter
ested in this club.
Now I will let the public Judge for themselves
who was at fault. I am not the first fighter
that these men have robbed, and the quicker
they are out of the business the quicker the
sport will elevate.
I will state again that I am ready to fight
Green within ten days for a side bet.
Another thine;, Mr. Groom wanted me to pay
the referee— something I never • heard of a
fighter doing before.
These two Groom and Gibbs — have
pulled off all the fake fights, or so-called con
tests. that have taken' place In this city. • .
I will rinse, hoping this letter will enlighten
the public of the kind of men who are running
the National Club. I remain, truly yours.
BILLY SMITH.
HALF MILLION INVOLVED.
Foreclosure Proceedings on the Big
Graham Note Commence.
The action instituted by John D. Spreck
els & Bros. Company against R. F. Gra
ham, ex-superintendent of the Beaver
Hill coal mine and the Coos Bay, Rose
burg and Eastern Railway and Naviga
tion Company, to recover on a promissory
note of $523,162 50, executed in 1897, went to
trial before Judge Bahrs yesterday morn
ing. '-,
In the action W. F. Preston and W. L.
Pierce are representing the plaintiff and
A. A. Moore of Oakland the defendant.
The morning session was taken up in ar
gument on the question as to whether the
action was one in law or equity. It was
contended on oehalf of the plaintiff that
the action was equitable and this view
was taken by the court, and an order de
nying a trial by Jury was entered.
More legal points together , with the
reading of the pleadings in the action oc
cupied most of the afternoon session, but
before an adjournment was taken W. D.
K. Gibson, secretary of the plaintiff cor
poration, was placed on the stand. He
identified the note and testified that In
terest due to date on the note amounted
to $32,174 50, and that there was due on the
date suit was filed, June 13, 1898, the sum
of $0277 94. During the course of the tes
timony argument was advanced by coun
sel for the defendant that the present ac
tion could not be maintained, as in the at
tempt to foreclose on the pledges, with
out consideration of the mortgage, a split
ting of demands resulted, a condition
claimed to be obnoxious to local statutes.
The court held otherwise, however, and
the case proceeded. A few figures were
given by the witness, after which the
case went over till this morning.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkin.*
The State's Safeguard.
The meeting of the State Board of
Trade this afternoon promises to be more
than ordinarily interesting. The princi
pal matter to be discussed is that of ir
rigation. For weeks past the president.
General Chlnman. has been making a
study of this subject, and he is now
prepared with a report containing much
valuable information.
Harvester King Binders and Headers.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. *
offered to bear the entire expense of
the monument. Artists were notified
and asked to submit designs. Friday
last eight designs were submitted and
a note received from Zocchi asking the
committee to call and view a clay
model of the proposed monument he
desired to submit.
In a little hovel on Vallejo street, be
tween Sansome and Battery, in a tiny
dark room that answered for both liv
ing room and studio, Zocchi received
the monument committee. In a shad
owy corner the model stood— a model
that filled the committee with delight
and wonder and made each man turn
round and congratulate his neighbor.
The work pleased on account of the
originality of the design, its tender, ex
quisite beauty and the rare art shown
ln the modeling of the angel of death,
who stands at the right of the heaven
plerclng shaft.
Zocchi will immediately begin his
work, and as soon as the monument Is
completed it will be placed ln the new
Italian cemetery.
The committee to whom the work of
selecting the winning design was In
trusted consisted of J. F. Fugazi, Dr.
Pescla, G. Almagia of L'ltalla, F. Pe
drettl of La Voce. ex-Senator C. Pal
mlerl and Q. Costa.
Zocchi, the sculptor. Is a graduate of
the Academy of Art of Milan, and is
said to be as fine a musician and poet
as he is an artist. His association
with the little band of harmless local
anarchists has been altogether a pas
sive one. His anarchistic theories are
not those usually attributed to the an
archist, but rather the broad, generous
theories of a universal brotherhood.
ANOTHER WEEK
OF COMIC OPERA
AND VARIETY
All that the Southwell Comic Opera
Company needs to make a success of
the fifteen-weeks' season at Morosco's
is a series of comfortably sized audi
ences. The singers live up to the fa
vorable impression secured at the open
ing performance. Last night they even
more than duplicated the success of
"The Black Hussar" in a lively, well
dressed, well-staged and well-sung
production of the "Queen's Lace
Handkerchief." Under almost any cir
cumstances the performance would
have been creditable, and it was es
pecially so considering that the occa
sion was the first night. As a rule the
stock companies of San Francisco are
not very fortunate on first nights. But
it is the business of a new broom to
sweep clean, and certainly the South
well people started their second week
with a tidy and skillfully managed per
formance of an attractive opera.
The ensemble was notable for its bal
ance and unanimity. The smaller con
certed pieces were sung with telling
pace and enthusiasm, and the big
choruses" were given out with splendid
volume and accord. The fascinating
waltz-time finale of the second act was
smashingly sung and. vigorously en
cored. These choristers not only sing
a good sturdy note, but they act, get in
and out of place with refreshing free
dom.
The opera, although It has not been
given here in several years, is too well
known to demand detailed description
The book is as good as most of the old
books and the music is Johann Strauss
at his waltzful best. Daisy Thorne had
the part of the Queen last night and
proved quite equal to its light difficul
ties. Miss Edith Mason was the Irene
and an excellent one in both song and
action; and Miss Hattie Bell Ladd
figured handsomely in His Majesty's
snug tights. Mr. Persse, the tenor
was not in the best voice, but as the
melodized Cervantes he was the mascu
line most of the show. Mr. Wolff found
large vent for his comic and vocal pow
ers in the part of the prime minister
and made a better showing than he did
last week; and Arthur Wooley was in
offensively bumptious as the Sancho
Panza.
The company will make a stronger
bid for favor next week with "Erminie"
for the bill, and a .till stronger one the
week after with "El Capitan." Several
serious operas are in prospect, includ
ing Puccini's "La Boheme."
Columbia.
De Koyen and Smith's ever-popular
opera, "Robin Hood," was presented at the
Columbia last night by the Bostonians to
a crowded house. The occasion was note
worthy, as it marked the three thou
sandth performance of the opera, a rec
ord that has never been equaled by any
other composition in this country. It was
staged with the usual effectiveness and
all the popular numbers had to be re
peated again and again.
Helen Bertram made a charming Maid
Marlon and met with a flattering recep
tion. William Broderick scored a success
as Will Scarlet and sang his two num
bers in such a manner as to call forth
enthusiastic applause. The cast also
comprised Henry Clay Barnabee as the
Sheriff of Nottingham, W. H. Mac Donald
as Little John. William La yin as Robin
Hood, Jessie Bartlett Davis as Alan-a-
Dale, whose "Promise Me" was thrice en
cored; George Frothingham as Friar
- ... *
FORD ACCORDS
ADVICE TO THE
COMMISSIONERS
Blackstock's Plan to
Be Reconsidered.
FREIGHT RATE REDUCTION
__________
EDSON WILL FIGHT AGAINST
RESCISSION. ; -
The Railroad Commissioners Postpone
the Southern Pacific Case Until
Their Next Session on the
24th of April.
The Railroad Commission held a ses
sion yesterday and that is about the
extent of what was done. It was ex
pected that the Blackstock resolution
rescinding the resolutions of the former
board on the 25 per cent freight reduc
tion on Southern Pacific rates was to
be discussed anew on a motion of E.
B. Edson for reconsideration. The en
tire matter was postponed, however,
until the next regular meeting, April 24.
The Commissioners had sent a series
of questions to Attorney General Ford,
W. W. Foote and Robert Y. Hayne,
covering the legal aspect of the matter
and these gentlemen attended the
meeting armed with typewritten an
swers. The questions propounded by
the commission were as follows:
1. Can the board legally adopt the
entire Blackstock resolution, re
scinding the action of the former
board, while the suit now against
the board is pending?
2. Can the Board of Railroad
Commissioners rescind the 25 per
cent resolution without rescinding
the entire resolution of the former
board, the 8 per cent resolution in
cluded?
3. Would it be to the legal advan
tage of the State of California to
have the board rescind the entire
resolution of the old board, even if
they have the legal right to do so?
4. Can the present board legally
serve any rate on grain on the
railroad company while the ques
tion is in its present standing in the
courts?
5. Should the Board of Railroad
Commissioners rescind the action
of the old board, as proposed by
the Blackstock resolution, what
would become of the costs in the
suit of the railroad company
against the commission that is now
pending?
The Attorney General's report reads
Referring to question No. 1, I should
say that the board may legally adopt
the entire Blackstock resolution re
scinding the action of the former
board while the suit now against the
board is pending. There is nothing' in
the law or in any order made by the
court that would prevent such action
upon the part of your body.
Referring to question No. 2, I would
say that Inasmuch as the resolutions
In question appear to be separable, ln
that they Involve two propositions
one looking to a 25 per cent reduction
of freight rates in general, the other
to an Immediate reduction of 8
per cent upon grain rates— the
6oard Itself having acted upon them
separably, and the court having held
that the respondents (the Board of
Railroad Commissioners) "are entitled
to have the grain rates considered
separably from the 25 per cent reduc
tion on other freights, ' I am of the
opinion that your honorable body may
"rescind the 25 per cent resolution
without rescinding the entire resolu
tion of the former board." :" ,J .
Referring to question No. 3, wherein
you ask ii it would be "to the legal
advantage of the State of California
to have the board rescind the entire
resolution of the old board," I would
say that "advantage," according to
the lexicographers, means "to obtain
a gain or vantage over the other
party." (See Century and Standard
dictionaries.) "Legal advantage"
would, therefore, mean "to obtain a
gain or vantage in point of law over
the other party." A rescission of the
resolution in question would destroy
the cause that gave birth to the pend
ing suit, and with the destruction of
the cause the suit itself must fall, ex
cepting as to the matter of costs.
The direct result, therefore, of the
suggested action would be a termina
tion of the present litigation. It could
scarcely be said that the State of Cal
ifornia would thereby "obtain a gain
or vantage in point of law." In fact,
a present termination of the pending
litigation would leave the parties
thereto precisely as they are now. so
far as the law Is concerned. I am,
therefore, of the opinion that no "le
gal advantage" would accrue to the
State by a rescission of the resolu
tion to which you refer.
Referring to question No. 4, I would
say that under the order of the court
as at present existing your honorable
body Is prevented from serving or en
forcing any rate upon grain transpor
tation that would involve a reduction
of 8 per cent of such rates as they
existed on October 12, 1895. Until this
order shall have been modified or set
aside it must be obeyed by your hon
orable body.
Referring to question No. 5, I beg to
state that the question of costs Is a
matter for determination by the court
upon a consideration of all the facts
and conditions relating to such ques
tion. There is no statutory rule gov
erning the matter of cost in suits ln
equity In the Federal courts, their tax
ation being left to the chancellor who
tries the cause. It Is, therefore, im
possible to state at this time what the
judgment as to costs would be under
the conditions named in your letter.
The report of W. W. Foote and
Robert Y. Hayne is more elaborate than
that of the Attorney General, but they
both agreed in the sanent features of
the case. Sv .
On motion of Blackstock the entire
matter was laid over for the next regu
lar meeting. E. B. Edson wished to
explain his vote when the Blackstock
resolutions .were adopted. He stated
that his affirmative vote at that time
was for the sole purpose of moving a
reconsideration of the rscinding resolu
tions. Before adjournment and before
voting for the postponement of the
grain rate matter he obtained an oral
guarantee from the two other members
of the commission that he would be al
lowed to call for a reconsideration at
the next meeting.
! Tuck, W. H. Fitzgerald as Guy of Gls-
I borne, Josephine Bartlett as Dame Dur
j den and Carolyn Daniels as Annabel.
Orpheum.
Mile. Clara Lardinois and Miss Lillian
Burkhart were the attractions at the Or
pheum last night. Both were valuable ad
ditions to an entertaining programme and
they earned their numerous recalls. Mile.
Lardinois is possessed of a birdlike and
very sympathetic voice of wide range.
Miss Burkhart was assisted by James
K. Macurdy in a one-act play, "The Lady
of the Rowan Tree." The scenery was
appropriate and Miss Burkhart's ideas of
the fairy and the mortal maiden with an
appetite for wine were very amusing.
Polk and Kolllns. the banjoists, the
Hengler sisters, and Marshall P. Wilder
were at their best, while Kara upheld his
enviable reputation. Josephine Gassman
with her pickaninnies and Pantzer broth
ers successfully brought to a close a thor
oughly Interesting programme.
Olympia.
The Olympia has an extra strong bill
this week, headed by Sherman and Mor
DR. •KILMER'S REMEDIES. i : %
KIDNEY TRODBLE
MAKES YOD MISERABLE
l tilSih-_wu>-w'MM_.i ■■ " h^.-*-*--—- 1 -^g-_-__3y- * s^— " ____^^__? 3 *
HOW EVERY "CALL" READER, TO PROVE THE
TRULY WONDERFUL EFFECT OF SWAMP-ROOT,
MAY HAVE A SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT
ABSOLUTELY FREE BY MAIL.
Do you suffer pain in your head, back, hips or joints?
Are you neuralgic, dizzy, tired, worn-out, sleepless,
hysterical, short of breath, irregular heart, generally
weak?
Are you nervous, anxious, irritable, restless, fret-
ful, melancholy, blue, or out of sorts?
Whence all these symptoms?
8 From Kidney Poison in the Blood.
How does the Poison get into your blood?
When your kidneys are sick, poison and disease-
breeding germs creep into your blood.
Well kidneys keep your blood free
from poison and filter all the impurities
out of the system.
You can be well by keeping your kid-
neys well.
If your water when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a gla— or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
ment or settling or has a cloudy ap-
pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
What your kidneys need is a gentle,
healing, tonic Influence that will soothe
their irritability and gently regulate
them.
The only thing that will do this is Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the ideal kidney
restorative.
When your system is weakened and
run down build up with Swamp-Root.*
Briefly, the way to be well Is to pay
attention to your kidneys.
To take Swamp-Root when you are
Buffering from weak, unhealthy kid-
neys.
The great discovery Swamp-Root has
been tested in so many ways, in hos-
pital work, in private practice, among
j rlsy, the knockabout comedians, who are
playing a return engagement. They have
a new act which scored a success last
night. Querita Vincent made a hit in her
j two new songs, "On the Day When Dewey
Comes Home," by Joe Hayden. and "If I
Only Had a Job.'" She is still the reign
ing favorite. Other acts that scored well
were Charlton and Royce, Marie Wood
and Antonio Vargas.
Alcazar.
At the Alcazar last evening Ernest
Hastings gave an acceptable impersona
| tlon of Jack Luster, the character in
"Humbug" made familiar by Roland
Reed, while Miss Adelaide Fitzallen gave
some new, original and rather startling
facial effects descriptive of the various
emotions. For Instance, sorrow was de
! plcted by the, lady by throwing back the
I head, enlarging the mouth with accom
panying dots, dashes and dimples until it
looked like a torn pocket, a series of
sound ripples, half suppressed, that re
minded one of an anxious hen calling to
her brood, while her form quivered with
the grief she fain would express. Horror
at the duplicity of her husband was mani
fested by what in people— not on the
boards— would be a snicker; surprise was
illustrated by a closing of the eyes, turn
ing her back to the audience and covering
her face with her hands. There was no
mistaking the surprise— in the audience.
In truth, Miss Fitzallen was afflicted with
a severe attack of "giggles" that proved
co disastrous to Miss Lyons not long
since. When she recovers "Humbug"
will prove most delightful to the Alcazar
fiatrons. for all the subordinate parts are
n capable hands. Although the perform
ance was slightly marred in places on this
account last night, the audience was
highly entertained by three young women
in one of the boxes, who seemed to have
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
| ~~~
SPECIALISTS FOR ALL DISEASES AND WEAKNESS OF MEN.
"We have such faith in our
ability that we will let patients
deposit the price of a cure in any
________________________ bank or with any responsible busi- _________________
co— «a _>i ioue*— . ness house or newspaper in San 1Q Vt -A DC
ESTABLISHED Franc/sco> to be pa ,/ io usonly 18 YEARS.
-————-———-—-—-——-—-— when cure is made. If preferred, ———————
we will accept monthly install-
ments. (Signed),
"DR. MEYERS & CO."
I _______ 1
- ■ -. - . . ■
731 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. TAKE ELEVATOR.
the helpless, too poor to purchase relief,
and has proved so successful in every
case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of The
Call who have not already tried it, may
have a free sample bottle of Swamp-
Root and thus test for themselves its
wonderful curative properties.
If you will send your name and full
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham-
ton, N. V., a sample bottle will be sent,
absolutely free by mall postpaid, also
a book telling more about Swamp-Root
and containing some of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women who owa
their good health, in fact, their very
lives, to the wonderful curative proper-
ties of Swamp-Root.
This great modern discovery is for
sale at most drug stores in fifty-cent
and one dollar sizes. Don't make any
mistake, but make a note of the name,
SWAMP-ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root. •' ..;'-
If you take advantage of this gener-
ous offer and write for a free sampla
bottle, be sure and mention the San
Francisco Daily Call when sending
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y.
contracted the "giggles" from Miss Fitz
allen, but unlike the actress, made no ef
fort to suppress them. "Humbug" will
continue through the week.
Tivoli.
After a week of combing and smoothing
the Tivoli's "Beautiful Goldenlocks" are
now In the best of shape. A good-sized
crowd was in attendance last night, and
the encores were numerous. Edwin Stev
ens shows an entirely new phase of his
versatility in the magician act. and the
others of the cast do their usual good
work. From a scenic standpoint the show
is one of the finest ever produced here.
The Chutes.
Ola Hayden, the girl barytone, sang "On
the Oay When Dewey Comes Home" at
the Chutes Free Theater last evening, the
large audience joining in the refrain. An
other musical hit was made by the How
ard brothers, banjoists. who responded to
six encores. Way and Maitland give a
good negro eketch. Miss Waitland imi
tates a clever wench and sings with much
dash. Martin's dog circus has improved
since it was last seen h-^re and the wise
canines have learned many new tricks.
The rest of the bill is good. The ama
teur Trilby dance will be repeated Thurs
day night.
Steeplechase.
Captain Adolph Freitsch. the daring
navigator who crossed the Atlantic alone
in an open boat in 1594, is drawing thou
sands to the Steeplechase at Central
Park, where he is exhibiting his thirty
foot vessel, in which he proposes to make
a trip around the world.
_■ ♦ «
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh at., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
56
g%re_<-fgß^tf-^
TUESDAY APRIL n, 1890
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. 3. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS -IT to SSI Stevenson Street
Telephone Main UK
DELU'ERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage*. ;
DAILY CALL (including Sunday call), one year fO.OO ,
PAILT CALL (including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
DAILY CALL (lr.clu.iing Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ° 8 «
SUNDAY CALL Ore Year -* 00
WEEKLY CALL. One Year - 1 - 00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sanipla copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE "~ 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S_7 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 587 Hayes street, open until
9-30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 930
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2_91 Market
•treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 10* Eleventb
•treet, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second on«
K««t-ucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. ■".*•'-'
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "Robin Hood."
Grand Opera House— Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Humbug." .
Tivoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks*"
Chutes Zoo snd Free Theater— Vaudeville every aft<K-*o-
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Grand Oprra House— Saver Recitals, Wednesday afternoon,
April 19.
Central Bark— The Steeplechase.
Metropolitan Temple- Moving Pictures. *■•. lay. April 17.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton. Eldridge ,_ Co.— Tuesday, April 11, at 11
O'clock, real est.te. Nt CSS Market street.
By C. P. Troy ft Co.— Wednesday. April li, et 2 and I p. m.,
at $< Geary st., Chinese and Japanese goods.
By A. W*. Louderbaek— Thursday. April 13, at 13:S0 a. m.
and 2:20 p. ro.. at 125 ■■■•-«.■>■ et.. Hugs.
AN APPLE-GROWERS' COMBINATION"
WALL street is not the only place in America
where the combination and consolidation of in
dustrial interests is being carried on. The spirit
of co-operation is infused throughout the whole mass
oi the American people, and the progressive element
is in all parts of the Union forming or trying to form
with more or less sagacity certain organizations
which will enable the producers in any line of in
dustry to obtain the full market value ot their
products.
The fruit-growers of the country are no exception
to the rule! They have long had local co-operative
societies of considerable strength, and now they are
reaching out for the upbuilding - of organizations an
an immense scale. Several of these exceed the limit
cf the States in which they had their origin and in
clude in their scope large sections of the Union, so
that they fairly presage the coming of a time when
there will be something like national co-operative
associations acting with force in every held and every
market.
One of the largest of these associations is that of
the prune-growers, which is now being built up in
this State and is intended to include all the growers
of prunes on the Pacific Coast. An even larger asso
ciation, however, has just been formed in Illinois
under the name of the Mississippi Valley Apple-grow
ers' Association. That is truly a gigantic undertaking,
for the area of the Mississippi Valley is yast and the
number oi apple-growers within it is sufficient to form ■
an army.
The objects of the association are to make known
to the members the best methods of selecting, plant
ing and cultivating trees and disposing of the crop.
It is noted by expert authorities on the subject
that the growth of orchard interests in this country
and the increasing exports of American apples to
foreign markets arc sufficiently important to warrant
concerted effort in the directions indicated by the
new association.
The increasing consumption of fruit as a food rather
than as a luxury is one of the notable features of the
recent development of civilized life. The rate of that
increase would be augmented if the marketing of the
fruit crops could be made more effectively and more
cheaply than at present. There arc some parts of the
country which arc glutted with fruit during the sea
son, while in other parts good-sized towns and vil
lajres have hardly any supply at all.
Co-operation and combination will enable the pro
ducers to open up these comparatively closed markets
nnd thus confer a benefit while obtaining one for
themselves. At any rate these combinations are not
of a speculative character like most thai have been
formed in Wall street. .They represent a wholesome
progress in the community and tend to the general
welfare.
There ..re many men of many minds in the East
concerning the significance of the Chicago election,
but the experts agree on one point: that the slight
vote given Altgeld is an evidence that free-silver
Democracy has collapsed in Chicago and Altgeld has
ceased to be a leader of anything bigger than a ward
faction.
The flurry and slump in Wall street on Friday were
not unexpected by far-sighted men. nor is the result
likely to be injurious. In fact, there has been an in
flated speculation there for a long time and the sooner
the safety valve opens and lets out some of the steam
the better.
In saying that if he had been about to engage in
the newspaper business he would not have signed the
r.nti-cartoon and .signature bills Governor Gage has
applied his "caustic verbiage" to his own record with
pretty good effect.
There is a wide difference between the position of
Kaiser William on his throne and Dreyfus in his
island prison; and yet in one respect they are. alike;
Roth have a desire to see. Paris next year and both
are likely to be disappointed.
The London fad ci sending messenger boys from
that city to deliver messages in the United States is
the latest illustration of the proverb that a fool and
his money are soon parted, and is about as good as
any on record.
The beef packers of Chicago have probably con
cluded that the attempt to embalm the article was the
costliest experiment in the way of meat-preserving
ever made in the history of the world.
Since we have captured Santa Cruz in the Philip
pines, the California boys know exactly where they
could co into camp for the summer and feel at home-
THE FIELD FAMILY.
THE death of Judge Field leaves but one sur
vivor of that remarkable family. They were all
born in the quiet old town of Haddani, in Con
necticut. It is not a town at all in the Western mean
ing, but m township. Within its limits is a church,
and now there is a railway station, and the modern
postal and other necessities have required a subdi
vision into several Haddams, designated by the points
of the compass. But the parents of this family lived
in Haddani as it was when it reached that eminence
which formerly immortalized a place, and had a long
meter tune named for it in "the book of hymns pre
; pared for the public worship of God in song." Had
i dam has stood to this day in much of its primitive
! garb. and virtue as it was when the elder Field tilled
his small bit of stony land week days and preached
in the quaint old church on Sundays. While the boys
were young he moved over into the Berkshire Hills
in Western Massachusetts and there reared his family.
His income never exceeded $600 a year, and yet that
sturdy. self-denying father gave his four sons a college i
education and sent them into the world physically and ;
m.nlalh well armed for their careers. He had the j
reward of his abstemious and toilsome life in living to j
know that he had reared four of the greatest Ameri- :
cans that were ever rocked in one cradle. He lived
to see his boy Cyrus prove his faith that ocean cables
could connect every part of the planet by telegraph
and to see his boy Stephen take his seat on the great
est judicial bench in the world, and his boys David j
and Henry foremost in their professions. Old "Had- I
dam"' is sung by the worshiping congregations, but
the story of how Cyrus laid the cable is ticked back
and forth between the Antipodes every minute in the
yenr.
While it is true that at one time Cyrus W. Field
ranked as a capitalist and a millionaire, it is also true
that these four remarkable brothers had all achieved
eminence and reached first place by dint of quality
and character before any of them had acquired even
a modest fortune.
Looking back to that New England fireside, the
mind is impressed and depressed by the changes that
fill in the space between the childhood of this family
ami the close of their careers. The income of six
hundred dollars on which they were reared and edu
cated does not now seem to suffice for the support of
a single man, much less for the training of four boys
in college.
In their case there was more in it than the college
training. Judge Field's career is full of acts refer
able to his memory of his early life. In California he
was the author of our exemption laws, releasing from
execution for debt all the means of obtaining a living.
He arrived here in the fall of '49 and soon observed
the judicial confusion when the early courts attempted
to adjust the rival claims of miners. Going back to the
principles of equity and the memory of that strait
way of his fathers, wherein all food and shelter had
depended upon the judicable right to the little they
had. he framed and passed in the Legislature of 1851
this statute: "In actions respecting mining (alms
proof shall be admitted of the customs, usages Or
icgulations established and in force at the bar, or
diggings embracing such claims: and such customs,
usages or regulations when not in conflict with the
constitution and laws of this State shall govern the
decision of the action."
This was the first time in our history that a class
of laborers were empowered by statute to make their
own laws respecting property and to have them en
forced by the courts. The principle was adopted by
the feral Government and became the law of the
land.
Judge Field drew the statutes organizing the judi
cial system of California, and as legislator and Judge
infused into our laws and the decisions interpreting
and applying them the spirit which has made them
the panoply of the rights of person and property.
Even in the legal profession there will long be con
troversy over many of his decisions and over his opin
ions when in the minority of the bench, but the high
tendency of his work as a Judge was to entrench in
dividual right and liberty. In the Miliigan case he
decided against the right to try a civilian and condemn
him before a court-martial, and extended to every citi
zen the constitutional guarantee of a trial by jury.
This and the other cases growing out of the Civil War
required the highest judicial courage in making the
decisions, which were counter to the infuriated public
opinion and the potent passions generated in that
struggle.
The Miliigan case was closely followed by^Mis
souri vs. Cummings. The reconstructed constitu
tion of Missouri provided heart-searching test oaths,
containing not less than thirty affirmations as to past
conduct, and in denial of sympathy, personal or po
litical, with any one who took part in the rebellion. In
a border State, where man; families had sons in each
army and the parental heart could not outlaw and for
get its young, such an oath was a peculiar atrocity.
Yet persons who would not take it were forbidden
to practice a profession, to nurse the sick, shrive the
dying or bury the dead!
Mr. Cummings. a Catholic priest, was indicted,
convicted and sentenced to the penitentiary for serv
ing at the altar of his church without taking this test
oath. The case went to the Supreme Court of the
United States, where Justice Field's view of it pre
vailed and he wrote the opinion of the court which
forever struck down in this republic the system of
expurgatory oaths which the spirit of vengeance had
written into the fundamental law of Missouri. In the
same line followed his opinions in ex parte Garland,
in which Augustus H. Garland, afterward Senator and
Attorney General, was the parly, and who within a
few weeks fell dead in the Supreme Court room be
fore the bench where Justice Field reinvested him
with civil rights, the McArdle case, and many others
in which his judicial opinions extended over the
States lately in rebellion and to their people the
rights guaranteed by the Federal constitution.
It is all history now, and the actors have both
passed from the stage, so there is no impropriety in
admitting that General Hancock drew not only his in
spiration but the form of its expression from Judge
Field in the proclamations he issued when he became
military Governor of Louisiana and "saluted the con
stitution."
Elsewhere and more in detail the facts in the his
tory of Judge Field as a judicial officer will be en
larged. It is a long record, extending from 1857 to
1897, and is a rich mine of legal lore in which stu
dents and Judges will search for principles and their
applications, to be rewarded more abundantly than in
the record of any other Judge in this century, either
here or abroad.
Judge Field was a traveler in his childhood, saw
Europe in his teens, acquired a good use of French.
Italian and modern Greek. He crossed the ocean
often in later life and was the guest of lawyers in
England and France.
It is said of Disraeli . that when an adverse vote in
the House of Commons had overthrown his Ministry,
and he was commiserated by a friend, he replied, "I
am so glad to he free. For ten year. I have longed
to see the buds come out at Hughes ,
Hughenden was his rural home in the country, and
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APEIL 11, 1899.
while ruling an empire his heart had been with what
Jean Ingelow calls "the green things growing." So
Judge Field in the midst of the great labors of his
office and the social exactions of his station longed
always to be in the Berkshire Hills. And it was the
custom of the four brothers before death broke their
ranks to meet there in the midst of the scenes of their
childhod and enjoy the memories of the past.
G^GE ON THE PRESS LAWS.
A REPORT from Los Angeles states that Gov
ernor Gage, having been asked whether there
is any truth in the rumor that he is to enter
upon the publication of a newspaper, replied with an
emphatic denial and added: "Do you think I would
have signed those anti-cartoon and signature bills if
I had had any thoughts of descending to the news
paper level? Another thing: my administration
needs no organ to bolster it up. It will speak for
itself."
Truly the administration is speaking for itself and
none can mistake the meaning of the speech nor the
caliber of the men whose mind it represents. By his
own words the Governor makes it known that had
he any intention to engage in journalism he would
not have signed the cartoon and signature bills. Now
the question comes: Why would he have not signed
them?
Clearly the Governor recognizes that the object of
the two acts was the. injury of the press, the purpose
of their authors was to inflict harm upon newspaper
men; and the Governor is of the opinion that when
in operation the two laws will have such effects. So
if he were a journalist or had stock and interest in a
newspaper he would have vetoed the bills. Why,
then, did he sign them?
The only meaning of the Governor's words is that
what he would have refused to sanction, had it af
fected his business, he is willing to inflict upon others.
He signed the bills for the purpose of injuring jour
nalists. He is willing to do that injustice, knowing it
to be unjust, and to strike that blow at the freedom
of the press, knowing the blow to be unfair and foul.
The mental caliber of the man was shown by the
act of approving the bills and the moral caliber by the
confession that he would not have signed them had
they affected his interests. Such a confession of
petty spite was never before made by an American
politician, and it is doubtful if such mean motives ever
before prompted a Governor in the performance of
his official duties.
Dogberry of old made a special request that he
should be written down an ass. Governor Gage makes
no such request of journalism. His administration
speaks for itself.
POPULAR SOVEREIGNTY.
THE play of opposing forces in civilization is
more complex, but governed by law as plainly
as the tides. Just now it is interesting to ob
serve that in the United States under democratic in
stitutions, though with less intensity than a few
months ago. the superficial tendency is centripetal or
ir the direction of centralization, while in Europe and
even in the fossilized despotisms of the East a cen
trifugal movement or liberalizing inclination, with
many indications of permanence, is manifest.
A few words will serve to clarity these propositions.
In the United States the enormous growth of monop
olies and the development of imperialistic ambition
are plainly centripetal. In Asia and in Europe the
opposite or centrifugal pressure is more deeply
marked. The Government of Japan has literally burst
loose from the cerements of ages, and that nation has
fairly entered the arena of democratic rivalry and ad
vancement In China the light of modern progress
baa reached the most stolid conservatism that history
reveals, and the rapacity of the clashing power- has
awakened the Rip Van Winkle of imperialism from
its dreamless sleep.
Perhaps the most saturated exponent of paternal
despotism of the nineteenth century, certainly of its
latter half, is the German Kaiser. His expressed con
ceptions of divine right, restricted only by his in
dividual belief in God and by his individual acknowl
edgment of responsibility, have equaled all precedents
and have surpassed the absolutism of Napoleon Bona
parte. Yet in the midst of his anachronistic reign he
is forced to admit the existence of a constitution in
Germany and to surrender his will to the Bundesrath
and the Reichstag on two such important matters as
the increase of his army and the suppression of strikes.
The Czar of Russia, however Pharisaical in connec
tion with his brutal ukase against Finland his procla
mation may be, has nevertheless deferred to the grow
ing demands of his people by his initiative in the in
ternational peace conference, and has even suggested
that quarreling nations should be governed by the
code of the duello and that every cartel should be
delivered by a second.
The broad fact to which only the pessimists are
impervious is that irrepressible education has per
meated the world and raised the standard of intelli
gence among ordinary people to a level that places
the head of popular sovereignty among the imperial
jewels. Even Czars and Kaisers can no longer pre
tend to unconsciousness of the existence of this uni
versal and only logical authority for government. The
deepest political truth of all, which foreign potentates
and domestic usurpers, even Mr. C. P. Huntington
himself, would do well to learn, is that all Govern
ments exist by the consent of the masses, whether, as
in our own country, expressed through the ballot and
incorporated into constitutions, laws and administra
tive methods, or, as in Russia, Germany or Austria,
implied from passive submission. As we stand on the
confines of the twentieth century and realize what
schools and books and tongues, aided by inventive
genius and by the myriad forms in which steam and
electricity have brought the human race together,
have accomplished it is too obvious for discussion
that despotisms rock on the disturbed waves of suffer
ance and endurance, and that the aroused sovereignty
of man is only restrained by concessions and by its
preference for the slow but regular methods of peace.
The American citizen who observes and who com
prehends the signs of the times will be filled with
gratitude as he .appreciates how they were anticipated
by the founders of this -republic, who opened to lib
erty and order the highways of the constitution that
have been safely trbdden for more* than a century and
that lead directly on toward the ineffable light and
beauty of a perfected fraternity. He will walk on
those roads and escape the thorny labyrinths of im
perialism and of anarchy on either hand. It will be
well for the false guides who have sought to turn their
countrymen from their march toward the heights of
Americanism if they drop their misleading lanterns
and again take their places in the advancing proces
sion of man.
The thing that grinds the King of Sweden just now
is that he cannot deal with Norway as the Czar did
•with Finland and get himself in good shape to talk
benevolently at the coming peace conference.
It is permissible to be pleased 'a little bit by the
report that the end of the Dreyfus affair is in sight,
but it would be risky to bet on it.
THE INTERIOR PRESS.
Times are so prosperous in the New
England States that the old custom of
having- pie for breakfast has been re
instated. Angeles Express.
CONDITIONS IN OAKLAND.
"The women dress richer and more
elaborately than ever," was one of the
comments made Sunday when the af
ter church parade was in progress.
Yes, and the men dress correspondingly
poorer— that is the way things are
balanced up.— Oakland Tribune.
THE RETORT COURTEOUS.
The Los Angeles Times wastes a col
umn of what ought to be valuable
space in calling the editor of the Re
publican an ass. Such a charge ad
mits of no reply except the traditional
one "you're another," and as that re
ply "is quite superfluous we will not
trouble ourselves to make it. Fresno
Republican.
VOUCHING FOR INIQUITY.
The bill requiring signatures to all
articles showing up the character- of
rascals is now a law, and dishonorable
attorneys and publishers who have "set
opinions" when called to act on a jury
will now try and breathe easier, as
their iniquity must be attested by the
name of the person who would show it
up. But no law can prevent the public
from condemning such rascality, sig
nature or no signature. — Vallejo Morn
ing News.
, . ; —
A CHANCE FOR MR. HERRIN.
Mr. Huntington says that if Mr. Her
rin took any hand in the recent Sena
atorlal contest he did so on his own be
half and not on behalf of the Southern
Pacific Company. Will not Mr. Hunt
ington please tell Mr. Herrin to attend
strictly to the business of the law de
partment and advise him, furthermore,
that If he then has spare time on his
hands he would do well to give atten
tion to Sunday-school work down in the
slums? — Tulare Register.
AN EDITORIAL^ PREFERENCE.
An unusual amount of space is be
ing filled in discussing the advantages
of the electric chair over the gibbet.
The chief argument advanced in sup
port of electrocution is that it is the
more humane and painless, moreover.
In view of the fact that no resurrec
tions have resulted after the success
ful use of either appliance and as the
victim would certainly offer the most
convincing testimony were he permit
ted by the laws of physiology, the
question must remain in doubt, so far
as pain Is concerned and resolve itself
into one of sightliness. In this sense
the electric method certainly has the
advantage. — Fresno Democrat.
FLAPJACKS AND FINANCE.
The statistical paragraphers are now
amusing themselves' in estimating the
fluctuations of John D. Rockefeller's
fortune between winks. Standard Oil
ATTORNEY ACH
SPRINGS MORE
TECHNICALITIES
Poolselling Test Case
Comes Up.
IS COMPLAINT DEFECTIVE?
ATTORNEY ARGUES AT LENGTH
IN THE AFFIRMATIVE.
Judge Mogan Reserves His Decision
and the Police Are Prepar
ing for Emergen
cies.
The test case of H. L.. Jones, charged
with selling pools at the racetrack in vio
lation of the new ordinance, came. up for
hearing before a jury in Judge gait's
court yesterday afternoon after M. Hart,
one of the jurors, had kept the court
waiting for over half an hour. He made
an apology, but the Judge was inclined
to deal severely with him for contempt
of court till Attorney Ach and Prosecut
ing Attorney Joachim-en interceded for
him and his apology was accepted. - *-
When the first witness for the prosecu
tion, F. H. Green, secretary of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club, was called to the
stand Attorney Ach said he objected to
the swearing of any witness, as the com
plaint on file did not allege any public
offense, and was therefore defective. He
read from the complaint, which alleges
that the defendant ''did unlawfully and
willfully make a bet wherein money was
staked on a race between horses then and
there about to be run, find then and there
after the making as aforesaid of said bet
actually run in the aforesaid city and
county of San Francisco."
He also read the preamble of the ordi
nance, and claimed that the words "race
track in closure" or "coursing park" made
a limitation to these particular places.
The complaint did not allege where the
bet was made, or where the race took
place, and therefore was defective. Inci
dentally he attacked the validity of the
ordinance on the ground that plural
nouns were used as make "pools," "bets"
or "wagers," instead of make a "pool,"
"bet" or "wager." . fe
His principal argument against the
complaint was that it did not allege when
and where the race was run nor who the
defendant made the bet with, which he
contended was essential. He quoted nu
merous authorities in support of his con
tentions. He asked that the case be dis
missed on the ground that the complaint
was defective.
Prosecuting Attorney Joachimsen armed
that the language of the ordinance had
been followed In drawing up the com
plaint, but he was only stepfather to It,
and he reluctantly confessed that there
was a great deal in Ach's argument.
The Judge thought so also, unless some
authorities were quoted against the argu
ment of Ach. He asked Joachim? if
he had any such authorities, but the at
torney admitted that he had none to bring
forward. The Judge thereupon said he
would give his decision Wednesday night,
the Jury having been discharged early In
the argument till that time.
Captain '-"an. who had listened to
the argument, saw Attorney Joseph J.
Dunne, who had assisted Joachims in
drawing up the complaints, and Dunne
called upon the Judge. He said he would
stake his reputation on the validity of the
complaint, and was surprised when told
that Joachimsen had not referred the
Judge to a case In the Supreme Court of
Massachusetts, where it was held that
ln a poolselling complaint It was
not necessary to insert the name of
the other person to the bet. He was
furious that Joachimsen had disclaimed
drawing up the complaint and said that
if it had not been for the alterations in
sisted upon by Joachimsen there would
not have been any chance for any quib
bling about it.
Chief Lees was not put out by Ach's ar
gument, and said that if the Judge de
cided that the complaint was defective
they would draw up another one, and if
Ach contended that his client had been
once in jeopardy they would take the
matter before the Superior Court. There
are about twenty complaints altogether
of the same nature.
goes down two points while Mr. Rocke
feller is being shaved, and he loses four
million before he comes to the sham
poo. He cannot, in fact, indulge in any
of the ordinary pursuits of a tranquil
life without being subjected to an enor
mous increase or a loss of wealth that
makes an ordinary plebeian's head
swim. If he takes a noonday nap of five
minutes he is liable to lose a million or
two, and he cannot butter his pancakes
without running the risk of being sev
eral millions better off. No one but Mr.
Rockefeller can possibly know how* ter
ribly wearing all this must be.—River
side Press. _____
DREAMING OF GREATNESS.
The inception of harbor work at San
Pedro will mark the first step in the
progress of Los Angeles as a com
mercial city. The few miles that separ
ate us from the coast will be no impedi
ment. Gray-haired people of to-day
will live to see Los Angeles and San
Pedro a continuous city. In the bound
less commerce that will soon develop
>n the Pacific Ocean our seaport will
lave advantages superior to any other
iv. the coast. Imports for the East will
be dispatched by our two transconti
nental railways with a saving of sev
eral hundred miles of railway haul, as
compared with northern seaports.—
s Herald.
THE INCOMING WAVE.
Customs Surveyor Spear in a com
munication to Collector Jackson recites
that the growth of San Francisco's
commerce during the past year has
been so large that an additional force
Df twenty inspectors is required for his
3ivision of the service. This simple
statement of fact is pregnant with
meaning. For many years San Fran
cisco has slept by the Golden Gate,
ivhile the commerce of the Pacific once
ill her own, has drifted by. But at last
she Is awake. New conditions have
seen evolved by the passing years, and
the wave of prosperity, so often read
md talked about here in California, is
at last in sight. San Francisco Is once
more on the upgrade, and the condi
tions which so favorably affect the
commercial metropolis of the State will
exert a similarly beneficent influence
throughout ail of Central California.
Especially will this be true of the
counties contiguous to the bay, chief
if which is Santa Clara County. This
theme may have been worn somewhat
»f late, but it will bear even more at
tention than ha been given it. It is a
live; up-to-date topic. It Interests
everybody in this favored section of the
State, for it speaks of an end to the
;ong period of stand-still and do noth
ing and the beginning of a period of
justness activity, material progress and
.eneral prosperity. And the sooner we
realize the fact that the turn in the
tide has actually come, that there is
nothing fictitious about it, and that
there is a substantial foundation upon
which to build our confidence and cal
culations, the better able we shall be
to take advantage of these changed
conditions, and the richer will be the
harvest which we shall garner. — San
lose Mercury.
COLLECTOR WILL
MAKE A REFORM
FOR THE STATE
Bonded Withdrawals
for Export.
CITY'S TRADE IS ENCOURAGED
I
.v.-=
I EXPORTING IMPORTED GOODS TO
BE FACILITATED.
Colonel Jackson About to Recommend
a Much-Needed Reform in, the
Work of the Custom
House.
Customs Broker P. W. Bellingall has
taken the lead in a very much needed re
] form for the benefit of the mercantile
3 community. He has made a strong ap
! peal to Customs Collector Jackson, and
j it is understood that the appeal is in the
; line of the Collector's opinion on the sub
i ject matter. Mr. Bellingall filed vester
] day with the Collector the owing let
, ter:
Believing that you are desirous of en
couraging anj* Improvement In the customs
eervlc- which may serve to promote, while
still protecting, all the rights of the Govern
ment. I am ;<ersuaded to lay before you
a suggestion looking to the expediting of ex
ports from bond. Many Importations of
rice, cement. Iron, tin plate and other arti
cles, either in bulk or in nearly uniform
packages, paying absolute ep._i_c -vies of
duty, are sold for export at _o close a
margin and conditioned upon such prompt
delivery to the export vessel that the ex
pense and delay incident to the hauling
man the importing vessel to the -warehouse
and thence to the export vessel pre
vents a sale, and I am of the opinion that
all interests would be amply protected with
out added work to your office were export
withdrawals afloat from the Import vessels
allowed upon the completion of the ■Rare
house entry and permit. The inspector will
deliver only after weighing and after the
examiner has checked th- permit confirming
the rate cf inly as absolutely specific.
The letter was filed at so late an hour
yesterday that Collector Jackson had no
opportunity to consider it in the delibera
tion which it deserved, but It is believed
that he will adopt a course which will
be consistent with the best interests of
the merchants of this city and the State
At the present time and for many years
past importers have not been allowed to
make withdrawals of merchandise from
bonded warehouses prior to liquidation of
the warehouse entry until the actual
weight or quantity has been ascertained
from a preliminary report of the weigher
or ganger and noted or. the export with
drawal, so that th-ere will be no change
after final liquidation on ■ the warehouse
bond and ledger account of the amount of
duty credited for the merchandise ex
ported..
This system has caused much annov
a-nce to brokers on account of the limited
time on ' rush" withdrawals, frequently
preventing a compliance with the meth
ods suggested, and because • exporters
claim that their business is hampered and
retarded instead of being fostered and fa
cilitated, some not understanding the
rnoQus operandi required in. the Custom
-25555? many . * v . a hiding their broker
lor his seeming inability to have things
acted upon as quickly as in ordinary
business transact -*-»-_
In the case of merchandise paving pure-
Si matter Can be treated In a Very sim"
nner. * mm
J 3 ?E? ose the warehouse entry consists
of m mats of rice. It is entered upon
an estimated weight of 4S pounds for each
mat; total, 4S,OfK> pounds at 2 cents* Ani
mated duty. $980. This estimated* duty
cuts no particular figure except to gm-
VStf l Z&y$ ty A named in the warehouse
_I^i_7_3__ 3 . s double the estimated duty,
and as a basis for requiring a deposit to
ti°on £r y° n withdrawals for connlmp.
-J^ n^ r! E t , :hl _ receipt of the weigher's re
ffi-.°^ welpht a T- thdrawal t*r export,
i^ c I the J>™**M'eYSt<.ta. cannot be al
lowed, although, if the importer so fl„.
sires, a withdrawal for consumption of
an or any portion of the merchandise may
be made when the estimated duty is d__
ES^S?? p0! . l he bas * s of the entered (es
timated) weight. As a matter of fact rice
floes not weigh forty-eight pounds nor
mat. hut between forty-six and forty
seven pounds.
Suppose. -3wK-er.__t._e Importer «c
-•sires to withdraw for export 100 mats be
fore the receipt of the weigher's report,
and that subsequently the weigher's re
port is received reading: One thousand
mats rice weight 46.500 pounds. As, the
e frive7 at the Jy we^.ln|
j only a percentage of . the rice, at it is
finds to be 461. pounds per mat it is
! claimed that the matter can be satisrac
torily disposed of by liquidating tne en
try in the following manner.
100 mats (exported) «M Pounds, at -c...^- JSS
900 lata (In warehouse), 41,5-0 pound., a.
Total liquidated duty '. ••*?**
The warehouse ledger and the bond it
self can be credited with *£> «*£> on
the portion exported and **}££%, or
*«7 can he collected when the iemainiii.
P o?tlo"ls withdrawn for consumption or
credited if withdrawn for export. InUU
manner the Government will be equally
as well protected as by ) n . present metr.
od and the commerce of the -*" »™j£|
facilitated and increased by permitting
exporters to ship P^mf^.^^vent the
sold for export, and it will P" %e ™L "'_
loss of sales contingent upon the inline
diate shipment of goods. hrok-
This argument, advanced h -*^ r e r
ers, applies not only to rice, but to ce
ment, caustic soda, olive oil tobacco tin
and a host of other articles subject to
purely specific rates of duty. _,__.__ aA
In the case of merchandise paying *4
valorem rates of duty, the matter »uW
be treated in a similar manner, and the
only valid objection that could be urgea
against such a practice would be '° tne
event of the appraiser advancing the en
tered value by more than oO per ' cent, in
which case the merchandise would be lia
ble to confiscation; and if any part or it
had already been exported the portion ex
ported could not. of course, be confiscat
ed Instances of where the appraise.
raises the declared value more than nO
per cent are extremely rare, and it ii
claimed that the Government would De
amply protected if exports of merchandise
subject to ad valorem rates of duty were
allowed prior to liquidation amounting to
25 per -'cent of each class of goods named
in the entry. as the remaining 75 per cent
of the merchandise would be sufficient to
fn.ure the payment of any additional, or
penal duties accruing when the entry is
Mn-tance, suppose the entry consist
lotMS boxes of sauce, entered at a valu
_?i£n of $5 per box and subject to duty
.the rate of 40 per cent ad valorem.
The estimated duty would be $200. Pend-
Jn> appraisement the importer has an op
_S-__*_as__!--J-nr*i
S3w^i_!_Kss____»
'}, Vow suppose the Appraiser eOTM to
_iitv in i such cases of 2 per cent for each
i ncr cent of the increase in value In
thPs case th. entry could be liquidated as
follows:
20 boxes (exported), value * 100 '_ at « per , w
»°lS____ ' warehouse),' ' vitoi" *&.' at 49
Additional duty.va lue _-*« X* Sag r240
! *"*
Total H "
The importer could be compelled to pay
this additional duty of $240 eJrh
more of his poods were permitted with
drawal from warehouse. „i-__ „♦
Again suppose some particular class or
merchandise is reported bs^£Ap£rateer
and assessed for duty at 50 per cent ad
valorem, the entry being duly liquidated
at this rate. The importer may appeal
to the Board of General Appraisers, al
leging that the duty should be only £4o
per .nt, and in due course of time nave
his contention sustained by the General
Appraisers, which would necessitate an
other liquidation of the entry. Pending
the decision of the General Appraisers tne
importer may have exported a portion of
the goods and the warehouse ledger ana
bond would necessarily have already been
credited with duty at 50 per cent. In ad
justing the matter it would have to be
treated in a manner similar to the exam
ples outlined above.
While the plan of allowing exports be
fore liquidation of goods subject to ad
valorem rates of duty is entirely feasible.
as shown above, vet it presents some com
plications, and for the present the broker
will be satisfied if the privilege of with
drawinr goods prior to liquidation is ex
tended to goods paying absolutely specific
duties and about which there can be no
contention whatever that the goods might
possibly be Fub.iect to ad valorem duties.
The granting by Collector Jackson of the
privilege desired" by the broker? would be
received with much satisfaction by ex
porters in this city, and it is believed
would Increase and fester the commerce
of this port
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. T. E. Tagart of Bakersf. Is reg
istered at the Grand.
J. C. Wolfskin', a Suisun rancher, is
making the Lick his headquarters.
Dr. W. D. Rodgers of Watsonville regis
tered at the Occidental yesterday morn
ing.
C. M. Martin, a storekeeper of Watson
ville, is at the Lick, accompanied by his
wife.
E. Trudo. who owns extensive borax
deposits at Big Pine. Inyo Com I is here
for a few days, and is registered at the
Russ.
C. TV. Hall and wife of Eureka are " --
istered at the Russ. They will shortly
proceed to the Klondike to join Humboldt
Gates, a nephew of Mr. Hall, and assist
him in developing some valuable mining
claims.
Thomas H. Houpt, inspector of the free
rural delivery, arrived from Washington,
D. C yesterday and registered at the
California. Mr. iaoupt has already estab
lished free delivery of mail in several of
the interior cities throughout this State
and has come to extend the service still
further.
CALIFORNTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 10.— H. B. Mon
tague of San Francisco is at the Arling
ton; R. S. Tow-son of Los Angeles is at
the Raleigh Hotel.
CAEIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 10.— Miss Florence
Coleman of San Francisco is at the Hol
land; I. E. Bennett of San Diego is at __.•
Hoffman.
Cai, glace fruit Ste per r_ at Townsen_*a**
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). HO Mont
gomery street- Telephone Main IMS. •
■■ — ■
The wine cellar of the House of Com
mons is 100 feet long, and usually con
tains about £4000 worth of wine
TEE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Saute Fe Route.
Three times & week; S l . days to Chicago. 4H
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service, Full particulars at 6.^ Mar
ket street-
There art many Imitations ot Dr. Si«g_ft .
Angostura Bitters — most of them dangerous.
The genuine is a household remedy.
Half the ships in the world are British.
The best of them can be converted into
ships of war in forty-eight hours.
RoiJm-
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum.
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
——__■■ >>< ? * t * ,w *"'*» powaet; co., new vopk.COAL BEING
HURRIED TO
APIA, SAMOA
The Brutus Sails for
the Island.
TO COAL THE PHILADELPHIA
AUXILIARY YACHT LAUNCHED
AT SAUSALITO.
Three Sugar Boats Arrive — the
New Schooner Mary E. Foster.
Last of the Old Ship
Republic.
Uncle Bam wants coal at Samoa and
•wants It in a hurry, too. In consequence
the United States collier Brutus sailed
promptly at 10 a. m. yesterday with 4900
tons aboard and the supposition is she
will go direct to Apia. This Is a change
from the original plans. When the col
lier came down from Mare Island and be
gan taking in her cargo It was given out
that she was going to Guam with a sup
ply of black diamonds for the warship
there. The arrival of the Mariposa from
Samoa last Friday with news from Ad
miral Kautz of the Philadelphia changed
oil these plans, however. The work of
loading the Brutus was rushed to a con
clusion and yesterday, she sailed "under
_eaied orders."
Captain Cottman, l*. S. N., is in com
mand of the Brutus, and with him are j
Lieutenants Tarbox, McCully and Saf- ;
ford and Dr. Stone. The supposition is I
that the collier will go from here to Apia, ]
Samoa, and there coal the Philadelphia. |
From there she will go to Honolulu, take
on another cargo of coal and proceed to
Guam as originally intended. The Brutus !
is a good nine-knot ship and should make j
the run to Samoa in fourteen days.
One of the handsomest schooner yachts |
ever built in San Francisco was launched
from Menotti's ways in Sausalito yester- j
day. She is the property of Dr. V. P.
Buckley and A. Kanzee, owners of the
well-known gasoline launch Satellite, and
was christened Outing.
The Outing is fifty-four feet over all.
fifteen feet beam and eight feet deep.
She will have three feet of freeboard and '
should be a dry and comfortable boat ln
all kinds of weather. She is to be fitted
with an auxiliary set of engines with a :
feathering screw by the Union Gas En
gine Company, so Outing will be Indepen- I
dent of both wind and tide. On excur- !
sions the main dependence will be on the !
sails, the engines only being brought into j
us. * n a calm or against an ebb or flood I
tide. The new boat is to be luxuriously
fitted out and will start out on her Initial
cruise on May day.
Captain Lew Haven, late of the yacht
Sappho, has taken a great fancy to the
outing. Last year he had some very
pleasant cruises on his boat, but at the '
close of the season came to the conclu- '
sion that he would rather have a launch
than a "wind jammer." He accordingly
swapped the Sappho for the Alberta. ]
Now he wants to get back to his old love, I
and if he can get rid of the new one will
build a yacht like the Outing.
Three sugar boats made port yester
day. The schooner Mary E. Poster, with
.9,404 bags of sugar aboard, came up from
Honolulu in eighteen days; the barken
tine Planter came from the same port
with IS.St'o bags in nineteen days and the
schooner John G. North, with 9150 bags,
came from Kahului in twenty days.
The Mary E. Foster is a brand new
schooner on her maiden voyage and is
in command of Captain Thompson. She
was built by Hall Bros, at Port Blakeley
and is IsO feet long on the keel, 40 feet
beam and 16 feet deep. She took 1.150,000
feet of lumber from Port Blakeley to Ho
nolulu. She is a four-masted schooner
and, like all of Hall's build, is a very
handsome vessel.
The scaling tleet on the coast is doing
remarkably well. The schooner Enter
prise was spoken last Saturday off Ta
quina Bay with 457 skins, the Zillah May
with 425 skins and the Dora Sieward with
157 skins. This is only a starter, as the
vessels will foil the herds into Bering
Sea and probably double their catch.
Skins are now worth about $12 apiece, so
the sealers will do well this year.
The old American ship Republic, built
at Kennebunk. Me., In 1869, Is to end her
days under the British flag as a storeship
in the Gilbert group. Since being launched
she has been under the Chilean flag, then
under the British, back under the Ameri
can and now under the British again.
In the latter part of 1897 the Republic
sailed from Puget Sound for Australia
with a load of lumber under the Chilean
flag. She was caught in a terrific storm
and had to put in hero in distress. She
was patched up, sailed again and finally
reached her destination. After discharg
ing she went to Newcastle. X. S. W.,
where she loaded coal for Honolulu.
"When a few days out she sprang a leak
and had to put into Sydney in distress.
That was in November, 1898, and after
several attempts had been made at put
ting her in a seaworthy condition it was
given up as a bad job and her cargo was
discharged. The vessel was then sold
to some parties in Sydney, who put her
OF" INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, BroKers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents. v
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
EELTINO. .-
LP TIFfiFN Manufacturer of Hefting «»Tid
* ■« DLUL.I, Loco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
EOiLER .MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
_pecl_l Altt-lioa Paid to Repair* and snip
Work.
Office end Works— llB-115 MISSION ST
Telephone Main .045. : z.'\'^
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
£42 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Power..
Periodicals. Hooka and Stationery.
PAPF DfIVM & F B TTr?
I ll T P Kill 111 o"r Special Brew
v 1 L 1 1 U I L * m and La * cr '
Will-. II \J I I 1 L_  overcoat, and
Valises checked free.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
I. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main '5S'.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BEYTH. Msr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and IS
Washington St Telephone. Main f-641.
DENTISTS.
r»D r _/ nCr_"CD— * Market, rma. 6to 10.
UR- V " IJLVALJA Colton gas for painless
extraction of teeth a specialty.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDINGTQN & CO, S^tl'tittm
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOIES fc c^f 18 l^ u i-_O-_^io. j
LAUNCH OF THE OUTING.
THE new auxiliary yacht of Dr. V. P. Buckley and A. Kanzee
was launched from Menotti's yard at Sausalito yesterday. The
new boat is a very handsome craft. She will be schooner-rigged
and as her smokestack will show but very little hlr machinery
will not be very much in evidence except when she is becalmed or
bucking the tide. The Outing will be ready to go into commission
on May day.
...»,.-..,-,, ,-..■*•».. -.i*-» _ A Art_-%__-V^-V_^v±^X-^._»r-._.- r -__^__«__/ , __^*__j''-_.
under the British flag. ; Last January she
was sold back to her captain, who again
ran Old Glory up at the fore, and now
she has been sold to Captain Joseph. Vos,
who will take her to the Gilbert group
under the British flag.
A short time ago the owners of the
British ship Argomene sold their vessel
to the Germans. This left Captain W. O.
Thomas without a command, and he was
congratulating himself upon the. chance
for a holiday when the ship Jessomene
arrived in England from thls_port. Cap
tain Thomas was ordered to take com
mand of her, and Captain T. Zeal of the
Jessomene was ordered to the Eulomene,
just in from Portland, Or. This leaves
Captain Ellis of the Eulomene without a
command and will give him a well-earned
holiday. Captain Zeal of the Jessomene
did not care very much for the change,
as he had been in that ship ten years.
The vessels and captains are almost as
well known in San Francisco as the
coasting fleet. ... v
John Driscoll and George Shering were
Injured aboard the transport Leelanaw
yesterday. They lost their footing and
fell into "the hold. Driscoll was wounded
about the head and had his leg broken,
while Shoring had several scalp wounds
and a badly contused shoulder.
Where to Go.
The thought uppermost in the minds of
all Just at this season of the year is where
to spend to the fullest advantage the
week or month that is allowed one for
a summer outing. The Samuel Soda
Springs in Napa County offers advan
tages equaled by few resorts of the coast.
Within easy access of San Francisco, in
one of the loveliest valleys of the State,
it affords opportunities for rest and recre.
atlon unexcelled. The spacious grounds
are delightfully laid out and a wealth of
flowers please the eye at every turn.
Pleasant drives through the adjacent
country are a feature of the place, while
good fishing is to be had within easy dis
tance. The water of the sorings has been
uniformly successful in the cure of dys
pepsia, indigestion, rheumatism and con
stipation. Not the least attraction of the
resort is the personal popularity of the
proprietor. Mr. J. R. Morris, whose long
experience is an assurance of care and
attention. *
PAN-AMERICAN RAILWAY.
Interesting Data Contained in the
Commissioners' Raport.
The Chamber of Commerce is in re
ceipt of the complete reports of the Pan-
American Railway Commission, and the
works are very interesting. The pro
ject was one of the pet hobbies of trie
late statesman, James G. Blame. The
object to be attained is a complete rail
way system, commencing with the big
railroads of the United States, running
down through the Central American
countries into South America and con
necting with the railway systems of
that continent. The commission was
con. posed of the beat engineers and the
most learned men of the world, and was
brought Into existence in 1890. Its prov
ince was to determine whether or not
the project was feasible. To this end
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton St Hedle-. Proos..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every D..
Bcription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
LIQUORS.
.DOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 : caie, $6.09
0. P. 8. PONY, do $2.50; ca-e $10.00
L. CAHEN & BON, .18 Bacramsnto St., 8. F.
-NO BETTER ON EARTH" %gr&J&
Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO.. 13 Front st.
PAPER DEALERS. """"j
WILLAMETTE 722 Mon t^o^Pry Str..t.
PRINTINO.
E> C* HUGHES, m, a.'iSf.'a'U
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
;^ n ;
THE HICKS- JUDD CO*. tt^„v
TYPEWRITERS.
H!^ AH Typewriters Rented.
_b__S3j»S Few pnrtly n-pd for -al» cheap.
_t3_P__- AOENTP FVITiI F>RF*>fIER.
ra^|&. L. &M. ALEXANDER.
" = *^— «fc£S» no Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
re-- -i Agents and 1 _bll<: \Velj-h»rs. Ci
eral Ftcra.e. Frea and Grain Warehouses. __a-
eral office. .10 California st. Tel. Mala 1911.
WATCHES. ETC.
Tt flwrtV ?I« --quartern fur Un» Jew airy ana
• LUIMiI. -.W. Weddlnc Kin-*, « M <«
WHlTti ASH STEAM COAL,
.'':_?.'";'„-•';' Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Iv
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Ia tli* Beat Coal in tb* Markat.
H&it a_4 X_rt»-^M Uaiu _U<mu
THESANTEAIfCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
one party of surveyors ran their lines
from this country through Central Amer
ica. The second party began its work
in Ecuador, running north to meet the
first party, and the third party surveyed
to the south- from Ecuador, through that
country, into and through Peru and to
the border of Bolivia. This main line
was so laid out .that it could be in touch
with all of the systems of the countries
through which it passes. It is estimated
that the main line amounts to 10,228
miles from New York to Buenos A vies
and of this 4771.93 is already built. The
estimated cost of the main line, exclu
sive of all branches, will be $174,290,271.
The proposed line runs through some of
the richest timber, mineral and coal
belts in the world. The undertaking will
likely form one of the very interesting
subjects of consideration of the several
Governments interested, in the near
future.
On Trial for Murder.
Joseph Clark, who shot and killed Jo
seph P. Gross in front of the Market
street engine house on November 30 last,
was placed on trial before Judge Dunne
and a Jury yesterday. The killing was the
result of Jealousy on the part of the pris
oner, who suspected his victim of having
been intimate with his wife.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents. $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkin.*
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, April 10, 1899.— Sixty-eighth
day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
EDWIN F. riMITH. Presiding -udge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL.. Starter.
Q^fl FIRST RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
tJtjyj* purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std.
Vim.
*im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
B ittlng
Op. ci.
4rbaces, 4 131 1 214 U 13 15 14 12 Piggott 1 9-10
941 Henry C, 4 121, 6 65 51 54 3h 31 24 Glover 50 50
?12 Bly. < 120 3 in 14 3 1 4 2 2'i 3 n E. Jones 4 7-2
ivallo, 122 t 51 64 64 5% 54 4 6 IHahn 6 8
bra, 5 126 4 41 32 22 21 4H 54 [Thorpe 3 7-2
. - r . 122 77 7 7 64 68 6 10 Roulllier M 27,
inger. 1 121 5 3h 2h i-i 7 : 7 Amea LOO 200
0614; 5-16, :31%; 9 I B^4; milp. 1 tX; 1 1-1« miles, 1:49*. Win-
ner, A. J. Ptemier & Co.'s b. h. by Red Iron-Lily Wrieht. Good start. Won easing up.
nd and third driving.
Arbacf-s was pound, the best. Sly ranm: win when sent to the fr->nt. <"avallo was
dead.
■ he.]- H.-iKh Ho 11«, ?tan Powers US, Rosemald 116, Kllha-i 116, Three Forks 122
1 9-10
60 50
4 7-2
6 8
3 7-2
20 25
100 200
Of^l BECOND RACE -Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, |400.
Indox. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
St.
1
!
!
!
Mm.
Vim.
Mm.
1 3
5 2
34
2 2
4 2
8 2
7
Hm.
%m.
1 3
4 3
2 hi
3 1
6 6
61
\m.
Str.
Str.
1 IVi
2 2
3 1
4 3
6 6
6 2
7
Fin.
1 4
2 2
3 3
4 2
5 S
6 1
7
I Jockeys. ;Op. Cl!
IJ. Daly 8 7
Thorpe 7 4
1: jonet g-g a
J. Power U 2,1
iJenklns IS 15
Hyland R0 100
Hi I'.'ifs 50 50
Varvaez.. :.-2 8-5
930 Frohman. 4 108 1 1 ... 13 13 1 IM> 1 4 J. Daly 8 7
?4S Ringmaster, 5 11l 3 ... 52 43 22 22 Thorpe 7 4
526 Novia. 4 106 4 ... 3Vi 24 3 1 3 3 E. Jones g-B 2
$•32 Jim Brownell, 4.. ..11 l 5 ... 22 31 43 42 J. Power 15 93
S7S Card well. 6 114 1 7 ... 42 66 66 58 Jenkins IS 15
S»S Schnitz, a 114; 2 ... 8 2 7 62 61 Hyland SO 100
824 Midas, a 114:6 ... 7 617 7 Holmes 50 50
924 February. 5 11l * . ... ... ... ... |W. T arva«z..[ 5-2 8-5
•Left.
Time— To i , :21H; to >4, :41; last %. 1:024; short %. 1:12. Winner. M. J. Daly's eh. g.
by Htmyar-Jetvell Ban. Bad start. Won easing up. Second and third driving.
Frohman was best. Xovia could not last. Jim Brownell has vacated the old home-
stead. Midas had no speed.
Scratched— Sevoy 108, Ballverso ICB, P. A. Flnnegan 111. Torsion 111, Jennie Glbb 109.
OCJCB THIRD RACE— Four furlongsi two-year-olds; purse, f4"O-
Bi ttin*.
Inifx. Horse. Weight. St. V4m. »4m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
!:ila Boland 115! 3 11H 13 13 iThorpe 3 1115
MO Rachel C »f, : 1 4 1 4>i 2n J. Daiy r I-
!'as?e<la IM 4 ... ... 3 1 24 3 2 iPlgßott 1 7r,
i.nthos 118 2 ... ... 2 1 3 2 4 3 Ijonej 6 9
(9K) Kitty Kelly lIS 5 ... ... 5*4 %2 5 2 J. Reiff I 5-J i<.-,
HO Hindoo Princess....?? 7 ... ... 7 7 6 3 iUlay go 100
... Aborlffli ...IM 6 ... 6 2 6_2 7 [McNtchols ... (
Tirr.e-'«. :2"; ' . IS. Winner. Marcus Daly's b. f. by Sam Lucas-Turquoiao. Good start.
Won easing up. Sprond and third driving.
Ella Piland was played by everybody. Rasseda did not have her usual conMsnmr-nt of
Fpe^ 1 . Relff. on Kitty Kelly, rodo a peculiar r,T*e. Just toss this one oft.
Flamora 115, Tom Sharkey 95. Surlgao 95. Ml«s Vera 103, Tanohe 95. Giga 95,
Ti2on<i 91
"
Weigh-
%m.
Index. Horse,
%m.
%m.
Ptr. Fin.
Jockeys.
QCQ FOURTH RACE— One and ft sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
*7«JO» purse, ISCO. . ■
Index. Kr
I I I Betting.
Index. Hcrsp. Age. Weight. St. Std. Vim. 4m. «im. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
921 Ad. SpreckelH, 5. ...1131 3 61 61 63 52... 11 IPiirgott 'l 2 2
931 Myth. 5 110! 1 12 12 12 12 ... 22 IJoe Weber.... 2 11-5
989 Billy McCloMcey, 8..109) 4 ■ 4 2 31 31 2h ... 33 Stewart 40 200
(P35) Jingle Jingle, 3 Ml 5 3h 4 4 2 4 3 4 ... 4 1 |J. R*ifr c, 9
949 Torslda. 4 110 2 "6 710 712 710 ... 5 2 IThorpe 6 9
536 Opponent, 4 10*17 51 5 6 42 41 ... 62 iJonet I 3 4
IMB Tern Calvert. 4 10.V 6 2 4 2 4 5 2 '61 ... 712 'M.-Vlrhnls ... 40 100
933 Judge Wofford. 3... 87, 8 _^8 J__ 8 8_ •■■ [Johnson ...... j6O 100
Time— :06\; 5-16, :3U4: !»-16. :5«: 13-16, 1:22.U: mile. 1:41: 1 1-16 miles, 1:47%. win-
ner, E. Corrigan's br. R. by Longfellow-Jennie Treacy. Good start. Won first three driv-
ing.
Myth stopped. Spreckels outclassed his company. Big doings on McCloskey. Try again
on Torsida and Opponent. Both will win.
Scratched— Llmewater US.
•. Ace. Weight.
. Std. fern.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
f\T" A FIFTH RACK-~SPven furlong?: four-ypar-plds and upward; pur?e. $4*"X).
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
v 4 m.
i/4ra.
%m.
Ptr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
H nine.
!O P . CI.
943 Mary Black. 4 106 1 2 4 2 3 2 4 114 1 4 J. Re1ff........ | 5 9-2
(R7M Fleur de LitS. 5 I0»| 4 32 3 4 32 24 26 Jones I 3-2 {1-5
(723) Miss Tlowena. 4. ...106 » 114 14 lh 3 2 3n IThrrpe ........! 5-2 9-2
(525) La Goleta. 4 10612 6 6 5 4 4 4 4 3 4 2 IMRCklin I 8 11-2
949 Hurt Penny, a 11415 6 «•■ 6 6 5 6 Piggott I 6 13-2
735 Buckwa. a .111| 6 4 1.44 5 5 LjL_i. . jHennessy ....; g 5 12
Time— 4. :13: »». :MH: %. 1:01 J%• 1:274- Winner. E. WUhard'a b. m. by Imp. Isllngton-
SonrFtress Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Fleur de Lis was best. Jones waited until the train pulled rut. Then he went to work.
La Golcta. is a star actress. Penny was cut off at the start. The "clique" cannot count
PlfTKott In. '
QKK SIXTH RACE— On« mile; four-yenr-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. I St. 'im. %m. %m. Str. Fin. . ( Jockeys. Op. Cl!
(949) Topmast. 6 10712 3h 5 41 11 11 IJnnes 3-5 1
693 Storm Kin*. 5 110' 3 I'M 22 4 3 ',4 *S 214 W. Narvaez.. 15 ' 15
943 Rosonnonde, 4..... ..1011 4 42 31 2h Sh 3% IGray 6 4
825 Lost Girl, 5 10515 5 4 4 F. 5 4 4 U. Powell ! 10 10
943 Rubicon, a 110! 1 2 2 12 11 2V4 5 Reyesay ....' 2 3
Time— ■;. .'■',. '-.. :43: *;. .1:15%; mile, 1:41%. "Winner. Carruthers & Shields" eh. g. by
Imp. Topgallant-Easay. Good start. Won easily. ; Second and third driving.
Jones, on the winner, rode a nice race, when Rubicon was on his deathbed. Storm King
was a supposed winner.
Hohenzollern 110, Roslnante 105, Daisy F 101, McFarlane 107, Tony Ldcalzl 103,
JEiora,tlo no, Koadruaner UQ» - — •'-- - - - J
%m.
Str.
Fin. .
TOPMAST WON
WHEN RUBICON
FAILED TO LAST
A Peculiar - Looking
Betting Race.
PICKING WINNERS A HARDTASK
FLEUR DE LIS BEATEN OUT BY
MARY BLACK.
Adolph Spreckels Made a Game Fin
ish — Arbaces Galloped In Ella
Boland Disposed of Some
Fast Two-Year-Olds.
In the years to come, when other Jock
eys replace those of to-day, and Eddie
Jones, then a man of mature years,
standing on the ground listens to the
applause showered on these riders by an
enthusiastic public, recalls the days of
old when he (was a popular idol, better
leave the Topmast race of yesterday out.
The son of Topgallant captured the last
race on the card at Oakland, but tne
race did not look so well. Rubicon was
among the starters and was backed. He
had everything his own way until tne
stretch was reached, then he grew
weary. Two outsiders moved up, and
so did Jones. Topmast, which receded
from 3 to 5 to 11 to 10, won distractedly
from Storm King. Rubicon ran un
placed. Jones should remember that pol
itics are not always a factor in the run
ning horse game.
Racing as conducted under the Corri
gan regime is a confused mess. No line
on the horses is possible. "Dope books"
have been laid away in the attic, and tins
seems a wise move. Three uncertain fa
vorites won' purses.
The racing opened with a mile and a.
sixteenth selling run, for which Aroaces
was sent to .the post an 11 to 10 favorite.
The Red Iron horse made all the run
ning and won with ridiculous, ease from
Henry C, a 50 to 1 shot. Sly was third.
Cavallo, which to all appearances was
kept out of the money by Hahn, finished
a fast-coming fourth.
Mike Daly's horse Frohman was ready
money ln the sprint over the Futurity
course. Caldwell left the favorite, Feb
urary. at the post, which made It only
a gallop for the Daly entry, against
which 8 to 1 was laid. Novia, the second
choice, was led out for the ilac. by
Ringmaster.
In her morning workouts Ella Boland
had shown alarming bursts of speed, and
was the real thing for the two-year-old
scramble, her odds being cut from threes
to 11 to 5. She was sent away in front,
and, never hard-pressed, earned the de
cision without difficulty. Rachel C came
from the rear, downing Basseda, the fa
vorite, for second place.
To use the favorite expression of Ad
miral Dewey, Adolph Spreckels proved a
fighter "from away back." capturing the
mile and a sixteenth run when looking
hopelealy out of it. Myth cut out tne
running, but tiring the last few yards
was collared and beaten a neck by the
Corrigan entry.
The seven furlong run seemed to be to
the liking of Fleur de Lis, and it was only
the tardy ride of Jones that beat the
mare. He allowed Mary Black and Miss
Rowena to obtain too much of a lead,
and then, making his move too late, was
downed a neck by the former mare, pi
loted by Johnny Reiff.
To-Day's Entries.
• First Race— Futurity course; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
934 Yaruba 106 944 Silver State 109
951 February 10) 867 Don Fulano 124
938 Saintly 106, 890 Florence Fink... 94
935 Maud Ferguson. lo4 914 Dolore MB
898 Watossa 103. 634 Cleodora 94
099 Correct 106: 948 Heigh Ho 116
(934)1,. Meddlesome. l'M 468 Major C00k.... 121
942 Annowan 1091 934 Alarla 104
654 Gratify ..'. ml 90S Socialist 113
Second Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
selling; four-year-olds and upward.
926 Darechbta 104 876 Malnbar ...... ...10"
941 Niihau 10. 944 None 5uch. ......106
939 Byron Cross 106' 926 Alvln E 110
889 Rosemald 104, 944 Einstein 100
939 Reolia 104 871 Major H00ker.. .106
922 Colonial Dame.. 104 1
Third Race— Futurity course; three-year-old.;
I Belling. .::!•;
> 938 Jennie Reid 99 929 Oralbee 101
881 Jerry Hunt 101 (BS6)Juva 102
917 Allyar 104 917 Ho»to„ 113
| 920 Sweet Cakes 99 932 Lothian 101
935 Genua 99 930 Gold Scratch. . ..101
i (93S)Montanus 104 j 751 Pompino 101
j 938 Ach 1011
Fourth Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
j selling.
868 Jennie Riley 109 921 Yantlc 98
933 Icedrop ICB l } 2l Alary's Garter. .loß
927 Moana 108,' 940 Tres .Toll. 11l
927 Tanobe 108 921 Artemis 108
837 Caatiso 108 903 Giga 108
921 Tom Sharkey. ...loß 840 Nod Dennis 106
903 Champion Rose. 98 927 Leonden — . — 11l
Fifth Race— and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
945 Whaleback 92 946 Hohemollern ...115
982 Caspar 11l (91f.)Flng 109
930 Hardly 104 955 Roadrunner ....111
945 Faversham 92 945 Crossmollna .... 95
' (946) 8e Happy 104 946 Wyoming 110
953 Tom Calvert 107 (929)Potente 104
946 Glen Anne 102
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; handicap.
(943)Gualala 100! 932 Aluminum 82
836 Highland 8a11... 95' 943 Tony Llcalzl S3
917 Ailyar 99' 726 Jennie Glbb 80
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Maud Ferguson, Dolore, Lady
Meddlesome.
Becond Race— Hooker, Einstein, Reolia.
Third Allyar, Montanus. Horton.
Fourth Race— Ned Dennis, Alary' s Garter,
Castlso.
Fifth Race— Hardly, Potente, Hohenzollern.
Sixth Race— Allyar. Gualala, Jennie Glbb.
BURIED WITH ALL
MILITARY HONORS
FUNERAL OF THE LATE SUR
GEON HARLAN McVAY, U. S. A.
All Troops at the Presidio Turn Out
in Payment of the Last Tribute
to the Dead.
"With all the ceremony the Presidio
could afford the body of Captain Harlan
McVay, assistant surgeon of the United
States army, was laid to rest yesterday in
the national cemetery. Captain McVay
was surgeon for the post at Alcatraz.
The funeral was set for 2 o'clock and by
that time all the troops at the post had
been assembled in front of the post hos
pital and the pallbearers, in full dress,
were waiting to perform their sad duty.
The coffin was carried by eight stalwart
cavalry troopers, and the pallbearers
walked with them after it had been bound
fast to a flag-draped caisson. The coffin
was also draped in the national colors,
but there were no flowers. The pall
bearers were: Major Edward B. Moseley,
Captain Isaac P. Ware, .medical depart
ment; Captain Henry C. Danes, Third Ar
tillery; Captain James E. Brett and Cap
tain Henry W. Hovey, Twenty-fourth In
fantry, and Lieutenant David J. Rum
bough, Third Artillery.
Headed by the band of the Twenty
fourth Infantry the funeral train turned
down the road past the old artillery sheds
and the stables and then up past the new
brick barracks and to the cemetery on
the hillside. Just after the band came a
firing party of twenty-four from the
Twenty-fourth Infantry under command
Of Lieutenant Stanley W. Howland. Then
followed the caisson with its melancholy
burden, the officers of the post, the hos
pital corps, the companies of the Twenty
fourth stationed at the Presidio, with side
arms and under command of their non
commissioned officers, and then the cav
alry, dismounted and also with side aims.
The ceremonies at the grave were short
and ended with three volleys from the
firing party and the farewell call of
"taps" from the bugler.
FAMOUS OCULIST DEAD.
Dr. James B. Gibson Passes Away
While at Colorado Springs.
Word was received yesterday by John
G. Gibson, the well-known merchant of
this city, of the death of his brother, Dr.
James B. Gibson, who passed away at
Colorado Springs on Monday night. Death
was due to tuberculosis of the kidneys.
The deceased ranked among the fore
most oculists of the country. He was
formerly senior surgeon in the Manhat
tan Eye and Ear Hospital of New York
City. While in that position his name be
came familiar to the specialist- of Eu
rope and his opinions were sought by the
profession. Falling health compelled him
to seek rest at Colorado Springs, where
death relieved his sufferings. The funeral
will be held from his residence in Col
orado Springs. .*'"
IN VERY HARD LUCK.
Little George Rush Is Sadly Handi
capped in Life's Race.
Secretary Wadham of the Eureka So
ciety for the Protection of Children has
on his hands a poor little fellow who has
had more than his share of the ills of life
and whose future does not promise to be
any brighter than his past. His name
is George Rush and since his birth, nine
years ago, little George has been crippled
Judgment wsm*is
It's just as well to exercise judgment in '
the matter of beer drinking and
. GET THE BEST.
HI
fo&k Leads for
Jill Quality and Flavor
___B_if»_ i-/r. Latest H.nors —
|f^i| ,TU,KRS - Highest Awards at
RpDvCf w s^fil£r\ Interaational Expo-
Ip-xportto vfe^»g! l ! 4 : . sition, 1898.
\SiJfst t \ W-JV "'.J -"
' V^li'ffi'W Send address and re-
_i_SS?' : '__«P^^'*'^ :i ' ceive Illustrated beer
booklet
Val.BlatzßrewingCo.
MILWAUKEE. WIS.. U. S. A. .
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
rg'^^fe^^^-i' Dealers in Firearms,
}Mt_jisP-**^ _--I»injr Tackle, and
ps*^ Sporting Goods of Kv**ry Des.
cription. Highest Cash Price*
ftttid for Raw Furs.
Bead for free Illustrated Catalogue,
so that his body hears but a slight re
semblance to the human form. From all
accounts the father, Thomas Rush, If re
sponsible for his son's condition. The
day before the child was born the father
kicked the mother and threw her down
stairs. From the time the baby was able
to creep about the floor the father beat
and clubbed it around until the tender
bones became twisted and misshape- to a
shocking' degree. Four years ago Rush
deserted his family and nothing has been
heard of him since.
The mother had been so badly treated
that, according to what Secretary Wad
ham learned, she was sent to the asylum
for the Insane, and when she was re
leased a few months ago she was taken
sick, and Is now In the County Hospital.
During all this time the little boy was
with his grandmother at 34 a ,_ Sheridan
street, but the old woman, now 70 years
of age. has been obliged to go to the
hospital, suffering with a complication
of half a dozen ills. Mr. Wadham will en
deavor to get the child placed in the
Children's Hospital. Everything consid
ered the unfortunate youngster is unu
sually bright and obedient.
MORE TROOPS ARRIVING.
Light and Heavy Batteries on Their
Way to Manila.
Troops are beginning- to arrive at the
Presidio in inconvenient numbers, and
tents are again springing up like mush
rooms all over the inner parade grounds.
Three light batteries are among the latest
arrivals— F of the Fourth Artillery, Fof
of the Fifth and E of the First. They are
camped on the old Tennessee grounds in
the hollow Just south of the officers'
quarters.
Yesterday morning Battery N of the
Sixth Artillery arrived, followed soon
after by Battery A of the same regiment.
Batteries I and X are also due. These
are all heavy batteries bound for Manila,
where they will go as Infantry. N Is from
Baltimore, A from St. Augustine, Fla.,
and I and X from Jefferson barracks,
in Missouri.
L ; italia a Morning Sheet
L'ltalia, the popular and very up-to
date Italian paper. is now a full-fledged
daily morning journal. After a long and
prosperous career' as an afternoon sheet
L'ltalia has come out In a new and at
tractive dress as a morning paper, re
taining, in addition to the many Improv
ing features, all the attractive acces
sories that made it as an afternoon paper
the leading journal of the Italian colony.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLEASURE
■ SORROW
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happiness, success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
i It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
£ ___» °
EJ \ *
C_ _J I O *4 n
tL __■ M%fp2%&- > m
5 .M^mss&im^ii s
° _^E_S-___T___i_SS 2
f^j _^«4_3*-?<____U_^^___ij_» 2
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Tears' Experience),
Offices at 731 Market St.. San Francisco,
"Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the future, as they have in the past,
from the ablest and most successful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fail because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HERE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks. Merchants and
Business Men in the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established I
reputation for
RELIABILITY! I
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY te-nVn'gaUn^of
YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN.
The awful effects of neglected or improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of the
body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains ln the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment will cure you. no matter who
or what has failed. -:.;..
WEAIf MFN k 0 ** 1 v, * nr and vitality re-
il LHl\ 111 L 1 stored to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened' or
shrunken through diseases, overwork, excesses
or indiscretions are restored- to full power,
strength and vigor by his successful system of
treatment.
RIIPTIIRF Cured by his new method without I
liUr lull-, use of knife or detention from
work— a painless, sure and permanent cure.
I \] ARIPHPFI F Hydrocele, swelling and ten- I
TnIIIUUULLI. derness of the glands treat- i
! ed with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON _ ?*l
eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the system forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES, S 8 tlo n . is ;
which, if neglected or Improperly treated,
break down the system and cause kidney dis-
ease, etc.. permanently cured.
Fl FP.TRIfiITY Statl C Galvanic and Fa-
LLLUimUII I i radic Electricity scientifi-
cally used and an^'ied in all its modern forms
in conjunction with special medical treatment
I in all cases where it can be of benefit.
WRITF If you cannot calf at his office, fully
Vf 111 i L. describing your symptoms and you
will receive in plain envelope a scientific and
honest opinion of your, case and a book of
valuable information free of charge.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
Bp. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address /:/;
..L.BWEANY.J. D.,737 Market 8t.,8»n I" ranoisjo, Gal
1.98-TAXES-1898
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 24, at
6 p. m., after which 5 per cent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m.
on April 22.
SATURDAY. April 15, positively last day of
receiving checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
San Francisco, April 6, 1899.
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright. ,'• ■':. :
' Life Insurance Policies bought Or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
__-B_P____**-i _f *"<* *" Is * non-poisono_a
><__ -_y^^___l remedy for Gonorrhoea,
MmmStrt. : KS^___l Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
_Sr*iy in lto & daT«. Whites, unnatural di*.
fIW QoaraDU*. Jg charges, or any inflamma-
M— _jf not to atrictnre. tion, irritation* or uirera-
gr*-_BPr«ten_ contagion. tiin cf mucous mem-
&?-VHEEvAXS ChEMICuCq. branes. Non-astringent.
l__AcihCiNK*Ti.o Bgs_l So,d bj Orngrioa,
H_S£_-_. IT _ _ ___■ or Sl u t ' a Pa n wrapper,
>^______. ' " __$> i by expreas. prepaid, fol
V_____r»'l 1L00, .0r 3 bottles, (8.70.
v S Olrc-i-r Mat on r*«t*sfc [
.__... . .... ....-.__. . _. , .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-Br Tr ' i il
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
J-ittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
; Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
j ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
! Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
J Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price,
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
• Mariani Win© Tonic
Marvelous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL, DRUGGISTS' EVERY-
WHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait,
and endorsements free.
MARIANI & CO., 52 W 15TH ST., NEWYORK.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. gS _&-_AI ■
THIS EVENING AT 8.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In Strauss' Dainty Waltz Opera,
"THE QUEEN'S
LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
THE GREATEST COMIC OPERA TRIUMPH
EVER ACHIEVED IN THIS
CITY".
A $2 Production at These Popular Prices:
Orchestra Chairs 60c. 75c and $1
Entire Dress Circle (reserved) SOc
Entire Family Circle (reserved).'. 250
Gallery 15e
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES 15c, 25c and SOo
NEXT WEEK "ERMINIE."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
2— Afternoon Recitals—- 2
SAUER
WEDNESDAY- - - -April 19th
FRIDAY ------ April 21st
AT 2:15
PRICES FROM $1 TO *3
KNABE PIANO USED.
The sale of seats will begin at Kohler &
Chase's and the Opera House Box Office Sat-
urday morning, April 15.
COLUMBIA THEATER
ALL MATINEE SATURDAY.
Last Production of the Season— THE
.BOSTONIANS.
Presenting the Ever Popular
ROBIN HQQJBt
Jg |_ -_•*-—^*S^7 I n„ , Jf _f __i ________
Next Week— Last Nights BOSTONIANS.
Summer Is Coming— So Is
..."A HOT OLD TIME"...
PRESENTED BY THE RAYS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, April 17.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROLAND REED'S
MERRY LAUGHMAKER.
HUMBUG!
A PRONOUNCED HIT.
TWO HOURS OF SOLID FUN-
PRICES - - • *• ■ - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week A BAD LOT.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
THE BIG SHOW.
THE SPECTACULAR EXTRAVAGANZA.
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
MIRTH and MAGIC— FUN and FROLIC,
MERRY DANCERS
MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY AT .J.-
Look Out for the French Vaudeville Operetta.
THE LITTLE TROOPER,"
Adapted by CLAY M. GREENE.
POPULAR PRICES. 25c and 50c
Our Telephone Bush 9.
MISS LILLIAN BURKHART
And Company, ln the Refined Comedy, "Tha
Lady of the Rowan Tree."
MLLE. CLARA LARDINOIS,
Chanteuse Lyric.
Two More Big Hits,
MARSHALL R. WILDER!
AND
KARA "THE OREAT."
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN an.l Her "Black
Cherubs": HENGLER SISTERS. POLK AND
KOLLINS, and PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats, fee; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, s"c. *• _■ -
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
THE STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK, Market and Eighth Sts.
Don't fall to see CAPTAIN ADOLPH
FREITSCH and his THIRTY-FOOT BOAT. In
which he will make a voyage around the world.
Now on exhibition daily. Grounds open from
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA CHARGE.
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, including ride on
the "Horses," etc.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Beginning MONDAY. April 17, afternoons 4
o'clock, evenings 8:15 Clock, Wonderful Mov-
ing Pictures of POPE LEO XIII, and other in-
teresting moving views, by- the American Bio-
graph Co. Admission 50 cents; children 25 cent*.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull. Barley lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged-
Hay lower and demoralized.
Straw declined again.
Bran weak and Middlings steady*
Rather more inquiry for Beans.
Some advance in dried Fruit.
More Cherries in from VacavlU*.
Potatoes and Onions still weak-
Heavy receipts of Asparagus.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs continue firm.
Poultry nominal. Game dumped.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
<i2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.*
SAN FRANCISCO. April 10. 6p. m. I
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to ,
date as compared with those of same date last ;
Beason. and ralr__ll . In last 24 hours:
Last This Lest
Stations- 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 31.07 31.
Red Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71 ,
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.87
Pan Francisco 0.00 15.38 _•' =
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
San Luis Obispo 0.00 14.82 ».w
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 *>■-£ ■
San Diego 0.00 4.64 4.1&
Yuma 0.00 1-34 X.«-»
San Francisco dan— Maximum temperature, |
61; minimum, 47; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy and generally threatening weather
prevails over the Pacific Slope except in North
err. Cailfornia. Light rain has fallen Wash
ington. Oregon and Idaho during the day.
The temperature has risen slightly In West
ern California, and fallen in other districts.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weather ln California Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight April 11. 1599:
Northern California— cloudy "rue-flay;
light northwest wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday, probably wIU.
showers in the north portion.
Utah— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
light northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 10.— Interest in stock
speculation to-day was on a diminished scale,
the dealings 14 -gating little over half a mil
lion _har__. Prices moved in an uncertain
manner and a number of marked net losses
resulted. There was a decline nt the opening
ln which the specialties particularly parti
pated, a midday rally by the Vanderbllts and
an afternoon decline In which the grangers
were prominent. The liquidation of Friday
permitted a number of brokers to return bor
rowed money and call rates were generally
easier, 6 to 7 per cent prevailing the greater
part of the day. Several million dollars of
sterling loans were made and call money closed
3 to 4 per cent. Foreign bankers apparently as
sumed that comparatively good prices were
probable here for money for a more or less
protracted period.
The sterling loans were responsible for an
easier tone in the sterling exchange market.
The recurrence of syndicate operators and the
flotation cf industrials is the basis for the ex
pectation of fair rates at least for money.
This week 125.000,000 approximately is to be
called in connection with •_*> flotation of the
American Pump Company, the Chicago and
Alton syndicate deal and subscription payment
on Manhattan, while the recall for subscrip
tions involving several million dollars on the
steel hoop combination has been postponed.
Commission house business fell off considerably,
but there was evidence of an effort to stimulate
interest in th- market in some specialties
again, now that Friday's decline had wiped
out weak holdings. Some large accounts were
closed out to-day, causing the early decline.
One block of 15,000 shares of Brooklyn Transit
was sold just after the opening. The Vander
bilt shares, which all advanced smartly, re
tained part of their rise. Gossip about sub
scription privileges advanced Great Northern
preferred. Consolidated Gas broke 8 points,
presumably bt-oause of the published interview
With a prominent politician favoring municipal
ownership ot that Industry. The selling of the
grangers ln the afternoon was due to appre
hension as to the possible character of the
Government crop statement to be made known
this afternoon. The market closed steady.
Transactions in railway mortgages were
rather light, and while the market lacked a de
cided tone the changes either way were only
fractional. Total sales. $_.$»
Un:: States fives declined % per cent and
the new fours coupon % per cent ln the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 557.110
shares, including: American St«»! and Wire
15,000. American Sugar 11,200, American To
bacco 3200, American Tin Plate 3700, Brooklyn
Rapid Transit 83,800, Burlington 34.300, Chesa
peake and Ohio 13,200, Chicago Northwestern
6000, C. C. C. and St. L. 3900, Continental To
bacco 29.7C0, Federal Steel 25,800, do pre
ferred 11. COO, Manhattan 2,100, Metropolitan
5600, Missouri Pacific 23.600, National Steel
7300. New York Central 22.900, Northern Pacific
3900. Northwest 3100. Pacific Mail 4000, people's
Gas 26,000, Rock Island 8200, St. Paul 19,700,
Union Pacific 7600, do preferred 12,200, Leather
preferred 6500, Rubber 3600, Wabash preferred
3800.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% i Do prefd 32%
Do prefd 59% St Paul 125%
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 1 Do prefd 169
Canada Pacific 86% St 1" <_ Otn 94
Canada Southern..' 58 I Do prefd 163
Cent Pac 51 So Pacific 33%
Ches & Ohio -■,% So Railway 12%
Chi & Alton ..16s | Do prefd 50%
Chi B & Q 140% Texas & Pacific... 22%
Chi & E 111 73 I Union Pacific 46%
Do prefd 122 ' Do prefd 79%
Chi G W 16% P D & G 12%
Chi Ind _- L B%. Wabash 8'
Do prefd 43 j Do prefd 23%
Chi & N W 159% Wheel & L E 11%
Do prefd 183 Do prefd 30
C C C . St ..... 82% Express Companies-
Do prefd 97 Adams Ex 112
Del & Hudson 117 American Ex 140
Del L & W 168% United States 52
Den & Rio G 21% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 74 I Miscellaneous-
Erie (new) 13% A Cot Oil 88
Do Ist prefd 87% Do prefd 92%
Ft Wayne 184 lAm Spirits 14%
Gt Nor prefd _. ! Do prefd 35%
Hocking Val 8% lAm Tobacco 220
Illinois Cent 114% Do prefd 141
Lake Erie & W... 19 Cons Gas 185
Do prefd 67 Com Cable Co 185
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron 86%
Louis & Nash 64% Do prefd 95'
Manhattan L 115% Gen Electric 114%
Met St Ry 2474 Haw Com Co 80
Mich Cent 114 i ßrooklyn R T 115%
Minn & St L 50 lint] Paper 62'
Do Ist prefd 98 j Do prefd 81%
Mo Pacific 48% Laclede Gas 64%
Mobile & Ohio 42 [Lead 3114
Mo X & T 13% Do prefd 112%
Do prefd 39% Nat Lin OI! 5
N J Central 117% Pacific Mall 50
N V Central 139%:People*s Gas 119%
N V Chi A St L.... 13% Pullman Pal 160
Do Ist prefd 86 Silver Certificates. fin
Do 2d prefd 32 Standard "R & T... 10
Nor West 17% I Sugar 156%
No Amer Co 9%. Do prefd 115
No Pacific 50% T C & Iron 55%
Do prefd 78% US Leather 6%
Ontario & W 26%! Do prefd 71%
Or R & Nay 70 U S Rubber 49%
Or Short Line 41%! Do prefd... ... 116%
Pac C Ist prefd.... 86 .Western Union.... 93% J
Do 2d prefd 60 Am Steel 62%
Pittsburg 184 I Do prefd..' 97
Reading 23% Federal Steel 60
Do Ist prefd 64%' Do prefd si
RG W 34 Nor <fr West prefd. 64%
Do prefd 7.-% Or Nay prefd.;.... 70
Rock It-land 115% Pac Coast 40
Pt Louis A S F.... 11% Colo Southern 8
Do prefd ..71 j Do Ist prefd Bl
Do 2d prefd 88% Do 2d prefd 20%
St Louis & S w... 11% "
CLOSING BONDS.
C S3b 108 N V Central lsts..ii4U
U S new 4s reg.... 130 NJ C 05.... 118%
Do coup •'.._ N Carolina 65...."]27
U S 4s 113 Do 4s 104
Do coup 114 No Pac lsts.... 1i.%
Do 2ds X'%, Do 3s 67_
U S 5s reg 114 ! Do 4s IOW
Do 5s coup 114 NYC& St L 4s. .1:6
District 3.65s 112 Nor &W 6s 130
Ala class A 109 Northwestern con 1431.
Do B 109 ■ Do deb 55.... 122
Do C 100 O Nay lsts.... in
Do Currency 100 |0 Nay 4s 102
Atchison 4s lCx-% O S Line 6s tr 12S-
Do adj 4s 82% O S Line Sa tr 111
Can So 2ds 110 Colo Southern 4s 85%
C & O 4%s 93% Reading 4s _j,7i
Chi Term 4s 100 RG W lsts &7J
C & Ohio 5%s •_-% St L & I M con 55.108 _
C H & D 4%s 104%, St L & S F gen 6a. 123
D & P. G 15t5......108%|5t P Con 168%
D&R G4s 101 St PC & p 1ata.. .121
East Term lsta 108 |Do 6s 121%
Erie Gen 4s 72 So Ry 5s 108
F W <_ D lsts tr.. 83% Stand R & T 65... 90
Gen Flee 5s 116 .Term new set 35... 48%
G H & S A6s 11l Tex Pac L G 15t5. .113
Do 2ds 110 Do Rg 2ds 63%
H&T Css 112 Union Pac 4s 107%
Do con 6s 110 UPD & G lsts... 92
lowa C lsts 109 Wabash Ist 5s 118
La new con 4s 100%! Do 2ds 97
L & N Unl 4s 96 IW Shore. 4s 114
Missouri 6s 119 Va Centuries S3
M K& T 2ds 67% Do deferred 8
Do 4s 93%iWis Cent lsta 66%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 80 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 24 Ophir .'. 1 no
Con Cal & V 1 75; Plymouth 10
Deadwood . 65 Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry 35! Do prefd 750 '
Hale & Norcross.. 25 Sierra Nevada..... 100
Homestake 55 00 Standard .'. 2 25
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 47
Mexican 58 Yellow Jacket 2 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— |Wls Cent 2%
Call loans 3 @4 Ed Elec Tel 198
Time loans B<_@4%|Atc_. prefd t9%
Stocks— ' ! Bonds—
Atch Top & St Fe. Atchison 45.... 100
Amer Sugar 157*4 General Elec 65. ...114
Do prefd 11« i Mining Shares—
Bell Tel 353 'Allouez Mln C 0.... 11*4
Bostc* & Albany. .2so 'Atlantic 33*.
Boston & Maine... 175*. Boston & M0nt.... 300
Boston L 98 Butte & 805t0n.... 90
Chi Bur & Q 140*. Calumet & Hecla..S2*i
Fitchburg 116 (Centennial 42
Gen Electric 114 Franklin 26*4
Federal Steel 60«<JOld Dominion 4.
Do prefd CSV, Osceola 91
Mexican Central... 12*. Qulncy 165
Old Colony 203 Tamarack 250
Rubber 48%! Wolverine 46*6
Union Pac 46". Parrott 64
West End 98 , Humboldt 2>_
Do prefd 113 'Winona IT
Westlngh Elec 48 Union Land 7
Do prefd 64 'Mich Tel 81
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, April Money on call closed
easier at 307 per cent; last loan, 8 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, BHO4H per cent;
sterling exchange weak, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 55%04 89 for demand and
$4 SSH^ 83% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 84V.04 85*4 and $4 8704 S7H: commercial bills.
$4 52404 S3; silver certificates, 60(^60 _c; bar
silver, 69Vic: Mexican dollars, 47Hc; Govern
ment bonds, weak; State, inactive; railroad,
irregular.
THE London market.
NEW YORK, April 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Irregular to-day on
closing before to-morrow's settlement. In
vestment stocks were dull on dead money
fears. They rallied later. Americans opened
above parity, but were idle. New York came
dull. The close was midway between the
best and the worst. The only features were
Chesapeake nnd Ohio and New York Central.
The latter spurted sharply on New York buy
ing. The market here regards the New York
money squeeze as merely a shake-out of weak
industrials. Tintos were 4.H.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 10,— Canadian Pacific, Bs%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 80% Union Pa
cific preferred, 81"i,c; Grand Trunk, By_c Bar
silver, steady, T7*sd per ounce; money, fi per
cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,681 bbls; experts, 9193 bbls. Market lower
to sell with little demand except on bakers
and spring patents.
WHEAT— Receipts, 13,875 bu; exports, 57,346
bu. Spot, firm; Ne; 2 red. R_4c f. 6. b. afloat.
Options weak and continued to decline all the
morning under bearish weather west, gen
eral unloading, easy cables and a large visi
ble supply increase; The crowd oversold, hew
ever, and subsequently when confronted with
export rumers covered freely, establishing a
sharp rally; closed firm at He advance over-
Saturday's final curb prices. May closed
76»ic; July, 74%©75 V.c, closed 76% c; Septem
ber, 73V4©74c. closed 74c.
HOPS-Steady;
HIDES—
METALS The advance in tin continues un
checked. To-day's prices moved up 59062' A
points, with demand very heavy on the rise.
The cause for this Improvement was In part
very light supplies, strong news from the West
and reports of a decided stiffening of the Eng
lish market; Even at the higher price offer
ings were insignificant. The other depart
ments were practically unchanged and fea
tureless. The metal exchange called:
PIG IRON Warrants dull and nominal at
$10 50.
LAKE COPPER—
TlN— Strong at $25 25*5-25 50.
LEAD— DuII at $4 85."
SPELTER— Firm at $6 5006 60; the brokers'
price of lead is $4 10 and for copper $18 50.
COFFEE Options closed quiet; unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 5000 bags, including
Ma}-; 505.05 c; December, 5.70 c.
.SPOT COFFEE— Rio. steadier; No. 7 in
voice, 6V4c: No. 7 Jobbing, 6»ic; mild, firm;
Cordova. 8013 c.
SUGAR— strong; fair refining, 4 5-16 c;
centrifugal SO test, 4 7-16 c. Molasses sugar,
3 16-Mcj refined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9433 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, IR«j2lc; Elglns, 21 I.'1 .' fac
tory. 12U015C.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,150 packages. Firm.
Western, _3©l3*_c; Southern. 12V;013c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. April California dried
fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7's'Sc:
prime wire tray, 6%_"8%c; choice, 9@3%c;
fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES— ''.^.i-c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13«?14c; Moorpark, 13%
tgl7c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9*?llc; peeled, 25!f?2Sc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 10.— Fine weather and an
expectation among traders that the Govern
ment crop report would be less extravagant as
to the serious injury to winter wheat than re
cent representations have been developed
weakness at the beginning. May opened %r<f%c
lower at from 70% c down to 7040. and as gen
eral liquidation set in the price slipped off
gradually to 70^-c. At that point the decline j
was arrested by a report from New York that i
fifty boatloads of wheat had been disposed of
for export. As that announcement was ac
companied by a statement that the weather on
the continent of Europe had turned unfavor
able for grain crops, early sellers showed a dis
position to buy back former holdings.
In the last hour of the session, confidence as
to the forthcoming crop report being bearish
was upset, and the market recovered all its
early declines. May closed %c higher.
Liquidation on account of the mild weather
and reports that seeding was well under way
in many States weakened corn early. Later,
however, buying by elevator people against
sales for shipment, together with the conclud
ing firmness of. wheat, caused a firm feeling
near the end. May corn closed %c lower.
Oats broke at the start on selling by elevator
Interests against corn purchased. Subsequent
ly the decline was recovered on bullish country
advices and a better casta demand. May oats
closed %c lower. Provisions were flat and
transactions consisted principally of changing
from May to July. There was an Impression
that much of the present May holdings would
have to be liquidated at a loss and the belief
prevailed that the market would be lifeless
and drooping until these holdings were liqui
dated. May pork closed 7%. lower; lard and
ribs, 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low; Close. I
Wheat No. 2—
May 70% 71% 70% 71% '
July 70%- 71% 70% 71%
corn No. 2—
May 34 34% 33% 84%
July * 34% 85% 34% 35%. i
September * 35% 35% 35% 85%
Oats No. 2—
May 28 26% 25% 26%
July 25 25% 24% 25
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 920 9 22% 915 9 22%
July 980 985 9 27% 9 32%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 27% 5 27% 6 27% 6 27%
July 540 540 6 37% 640
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
May 4 72% 475 4 72% 4 72%
July 4 87% 4 87% 485 4 87%
September 4 97% 4 97% 4 97% 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, slow and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
89@70%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 64<g69c; No. 2 red,
71®74c; No. 2 corn, 34c; No. -2 oats, 26%@27c;
No. 2 white, SO® Sic; No. 3 white, 29%@30c; No.
2 rye, 52% c; No. 2 barley. 39<?J47c; No. . 1 flax
seed. $1 19%; Northwest, $1 22%; prime timothy
seed. $3 30; mess pork, per barrel, $9 16^9 20;
lard, per 100 pounds, $5 25@5 27%; short rib
sides, loose. $4 501T4 85; dry salted shoulders,
boxed, -%#*%.; short clear sides, boxed, $4 95®
6 05; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
lon. $1 26; sugar, cut loaf, 5.R3c; granulated,
5.33 c. .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22.0™) 19,000
Wheat, bushels 71,000 13.000
Corn, bushels 163,000 89.000
Oats, bushels 164.000 137,000
Rye, bushels..... 5,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 19,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@20c: dairies
ll%olßc. Eggs, steady: fresh, 12%@12%c.
Cheese, steady, unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 295,200 4MIO
Duluth 49,079 7.358
Mllwauko 21,000 2,100
Chicago
Toledo 15.321 8,000
St. Louis 10.000 21,000
Detroit 6,041 ,
Kansas City
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 18.632 34 993
New York 13,875 67 346
Philadelphia . 3.900 4,647
Baltimore 16,555
New Orleans ; '[
Galveston 8.120 112,666
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. , j u j y
Opening 5 5% 56%
Closing • ..6 6% $6%
PARIS FUTURES. ..;'.'- '
Flour— April. May-Aug
Opening 43 15 43 65
Closing .....v.. 43 05 43 60
Wheat-
Opening _, 2115 2110
Closing .......................... 21 2110
THE SAjST FRA:N CISCO CALL; TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. '
CHICAGO. -
CHICAGO. April 10.— CATTLE— and 10
015 c lower. Fancy cattle, $5 6006 85; choice
steers, $4 7505 50; medium steers, $4 6504 85;
beef steers. $3 9004 60; stockers • and feeders,
$3 8004 90; bulls, $2 0004 10; cows and heifers,
$3 4004 25; calves, $3 7506 75; Western fed
steers, $4 2505 50; Texas steers, $405 15; calves,
$3 7506 05. ...
HOGS— to 2V_c higher. Fair to choice.
$3 82V_©3 95; heavy packing lots. $3 6003 80;
mixed. $3 6503 85; butchers, $3 65©3 02"_; light,
$3 65_3S7V_; pigs, $3 3003 70.
The demand for sheep was decidedly better,
and this enabled sellers to take a more inde
pendent stand. Sheep ruled 10c higher and
lambs advanced 15c with a quick demand.
Good lambs, $5 6506 90; poor grades. $4 7605 80.
Sheep sold at $3 6004; yearlings, $4 7505 20.
Receipts— Cattle, 1000; hogs, 29,000; sheep,
14,000.
DENVER.
DENVER. April 10. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1100. Market steady. Beef steers, $3 7505;
cows. $3 2504; feeders, freight paid to river.
$3 6004 75; stockers. freight paid to river, $4®
4 90; bulls, stags, etc., $2 2503 25.
Receipts, 360. Market steady. Light
packers, $3 5503 65; mixed, $3 Co@3 70; heavy,
$3 4003 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 100. Market steady.
Good fat muttons, $404 75; lambs, $4 7505 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April 10.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 5000. Market lower. Native steers,
$3 8.06 05; Texas steers, $304 85; Texas cows,
$2 5004 70; native cows and "heifers, $2 5504 75;
stockers and feeders, $3 2505 50; bulls. $2 75.5.
Receipts, 5000. Market steady. Bulk
of sales, $3 6003 75: heavy. $3 6003 82 I .*, pack
ers. $3 5503 75; mixed. $3 5003 70; light, $3 400
3 65; yorkers, $3 BOW 3 65; pigs, $303 67"_.
SHEEP — Receipts, 600. Market strong.
Lambs, $4 6505 75; muttons, $3 8504 76. :
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April 10— CATTLE— Receipts, 1700.
Market slow. FiCTlOc lower. Native beef steers,
$4 3505 25; Western steers. $3 8004 70; Texas
steers, $3 60(54 50; cows and heifers, $3 5804 15;
canners, $2 5003 40; stockers and feeders, *3 90
©5; calves, $4 5007: bulls, stags, etc., $2 75©
3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 2500; Market 2Vic higher.
Heavy, $3 67H03 72%: mixed. $. 87U03 70 1
light, $3 62V.03 6714; Pigs, $303 60; bulk of
sales, $3 G7»_o3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7400. Market active,
steady; Yearlings 84 5005 25; Western mut
tons, $404 70; Blockers, SSO4 25; lambs,
$4 4005 £0.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 10.— Consols, 110 U-T8; sil
ver, 27% d; French rentes, 101. 87*_c: wheat car
gees oft* coast, buyers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, nothing doing; English
country markets, quiet; Import into United
Kingdom, wheat, 261.000; Import into United
Kingdom, flour, 208,600; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, 3.129,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent, 1,340,000;
Indian shipments wheat to United Kingdom,
4000; Indian shipments wheat to Continent, 26,
--000.
LIVERPOOL, April 10— Wheat, nominal;
wheat in Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet.
COTTON— 2%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— closed quiet; May, 5s 6VJd;
July, 5s 5%d.
CORN — American mixed new, quiet, 3s 4%d.
Futures closed quiet; April, 3s 4*_d; May, 3s
4\__; July, 3s 4*id.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $252, 574,619; gold re
serve, $245,636,027.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. April 10.— statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat, as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange
on Saturday, April 8. is as follows:
Wheat— 3o,43l,ooo bushels ; Increase, 444,000
bushels. 31,901,000 bushels; decrease, 936,
--000 bushels. 0at5— 11,370,000 bushels; increase.
145.000 bushels. Rye— 1,464,000 bushels: decrease,
19,000 bushels. 8ar1ey— 2,099,000 bushels; de
crease, 221,006 bushels.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 10.— Clearances, $343,
--094; balances, $50,917.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., April 10.— The week opened
to-day with an excellent prospect for a contin
uation of the dullness in wheat, which has been
so much In evidence for the past few weeks.
Fifty-eight cents was still obtainable for Walla
Walla, with valley in good demand at a cent
higher and blue stem easy at 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April 10.— WHEAT—
58c; blue stem. 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. i
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 48@48%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week opened with a quiet and
unchanged market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06%«?1 08%; milling.
$1 1001 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
12 000 ctls. $110*'.; 2000, $110%: 4908, $110%.
May— 4ooo, $1 06%; 14,000. $1 06%.
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 10%;
4000, 10%; 4000, $110%. May— $106%;
4000, $1 66%.
Regular Morning Session— 2ooo ctls, $1 06%:
2000 $1 06. December- 86,000, $1 10%: 25.000,
$1 10%.,
Afternoon Session— December— l2,ooo ctls,
$1 10%; 10,008, 10%. May— l2.ooo, $105%; 28,
--000. $1 05%. •
BARLEY— The market continues weak and
spot prices show a further declined.
Feed, $.6601-8; Brewing, $1 12%*jl IB per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
85% c: 2000, Ssc; 8000, 84% c; 2000, 84% c. Decem
oer—2ooo, 88% c.'.
Regular Morning Session — December—
ct l " 88% c; 2000, 88% c; Seller '99, new— 2ooo,
84% ci 2000, 84% c; 4000, 84% c.
- Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The demand was less active again
and quotations showed no change.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 37%'tfl 40; common, $1 82%<fl 35; Sur
prise, $1 456T1 50; Gray, $1 82%@1 57%; Milling,
$1 40@1 42% per etl; Red, $1 45@1 SO; Black, $1 30
@1 40.
CORN— Eastern Is still flowing In freely and
the market is quiet at the old prices.
Small round yellow. $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 12%; White. 51 12%@1 17%; mixed. $1 06%
@1 10 per ctl: California White, nominal.
RYE— sl 06©1 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 85@3 90; Oregon and Washington.
$3(53 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 .per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100: Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50W4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75: Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55456 95: in sacks, $6 35®!6 75;
Pearl Barley, 15; Spilt Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market Is demoralized at a still
further decline. There seems to be no limit
to shipments from the country, and the faster
the Hay comes in the faster It drops. . A car
of outside Oat Hay was bid in by the consignee
at $7 to save the shipper from total loss. A
few country holders have followed the advice
of -the merchants and are holding, back their
Hay, but most of them are shipping it In as
fast as they can, and It is this which keeps
the market demoralized.
Straw Is lower again. Bran and Middlings
are unchanged, though the former is weak.
BRAN— SISOI6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI76OO2I per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23 50024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31031 50; job
bing, $32032 50: Cococanut Cake, $24025; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28030 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
024 50; Cracked Corn, $24026; Mixed Feed
$18019. '.-,:->,.„
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat $14015 for good
to choice and $12013 for lower grades; Wheat
and Oat. $12014; Oat, $12015; Barley, $9012 •
Alfalfa. $6©B.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $10011; Cheat
$9: Grass Hay, $709; Oat, $10; Clover, $B@9 :
Timothy. > 09 per ton.
STRAW— 2S©SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is rather more inquiry for Beans, with
an advance ln Limas. Seeds continue dull.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 750)1 85: Small Whites.
$2 1002 20; Large Whites, $1 8001 90; Pinks,
$2 0502 15;: Reds, $3 2503 35; Blackeye, $3 75©
3 85; Butters, $2 2502 50; Llmas, $3 5003 60;
Pea, $2 2502 50; Red Kidneys, $2 5002 60 per
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 7604 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 25©. 50; Flax. $2 156. 25:
Canary Seed. 2%©<2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%©9% c;
Rape, 2%tg , 2^ Hemp, 2%@Bc;: . Timothy, 5
@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 6501 70; Green, $2©
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 2100 boxes Asparagus, 462 boxes
Rhubarb and 132 sacks Peas. .•.r,\-.-: : :
The Oregon steamer brought 4908 sacks Po
tatoes and 447 sacks Onions. Both are de
pressed, though there is no further decline. The
Australian Onions have not yet been sold. .
Receipts of Asparagus were the largest this
season, and probably the largest ever known,
and prices declined, though there was little
carried over. Rhubarb also declined. Other de
scriptions were about the same.
Cucumbers are coming in from Sacramento.
.POTATOES— 6001 6a per ctl for Early Rose,
$1400160 fur River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks. $140(9160 per ctl: Oregon.
$1400160 for seed and 5001 70 for large;
Sweet Potatoes. tor Merced; New l'„a
toes, 304 c per lb.
ONIONS— 35075 c per ctl., outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60076 c per box
for No. 2, $101 60 for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy;
Rhubarb, 35075 c per box for the general run
and $1 for fancy; Green Peas, 407 c; String
Beans, 10015 c for green and 8010 c for Golden
Wax; Cabbage. $1 2501 60; Tomatoes, $1 5002;
Egg Plant, 15c per lb; Garlic, 6©7 c per lb:
Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers, ; Carrots, 25036 c per sack;
Mushrooms, 4010 c per lb; Hothouse Cucum
bers, 60©$1 50 per doz; Sacramento Cucumbers,
60060 c; Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Yesterday's receipts of Game were generally
dumped, being spoiled, and the quotations ere
therefore nominal.
A car of Eastern will go on to-day.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 15017 c; live
Turkeys. 13@18o for Gobblers and 140160 for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5001 75; Goslings, $2 25
02 50; Ducks. $5 5006 60 for old and $708 50 for
young; Hens, $5 5007; young Roosters, $7 5009;
old Roosters, $5 5006 50; Fryers, $6 5007: Broil
ers. $506 for large, $3@4 SO for small Pigeons.
$1 5001 75 per doz for old and $2 2502 50 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, 75c;
Hare, 50075 c; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and
$1 far small; English Snipe, $303 50 per doz.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are as firm as ever, but dealers are
dubious as to the effect of the Eastern expect
ed the last of the week. Quotations are ratner
higher on the inside figures.
There is no change in Butter and Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery Fancy creamery, 17@17V_c; seconds,
160i6Hc.
Dalfy — Choice to fancy, 14>_@16c; common
grades. 18014 c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11011*_c: old,
10@10V.c; Cream Cheddar. 12012'^c; Young
America, llV_~l2V_e; Eastern, 11*4-140.
EGGS— Quoted at 18020 c per dozen, with
sales at 21c
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Another 8-pound box of small white Cherries
came in from Vacavllle, selling at $2 50.
Receipts of Strawberries, were 23 chests, all
small.
Apples continue very scare.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. $101 25 for common, $1 5002 per box
for No. 1 and $2 r.niJTa for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, 600>90c per drawer for small
and for large berries. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 2503 50
per box; Seedlings, 75c05l 50; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 5002; Lemons, 75c©$l 50 for common
and $2tf?2 60 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes. $4 5005: California Limes, 50075 c per
small box; Grape Fruit. $203; Bananas, $1 50©
2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2(54 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market continues stiff and higher prices
for Apples, Peaches, Plums and Figs are noted.
Prunes rule firm, with a tendency toward a
further advance. They are steadily cleaning up
and stocks are now getting moderate.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' S, 5©
fiVfcc for Wl-ffl's. 4«-4'<-c for Bfi-7n*!«. B__S3>-C '"r
70-80-, 2^o3Hc for 10-90' a, 2V.023ic for PO-ioo-g
and 2*82*4 c for l'fi-110'a; Peaches. SV_*-:9V.c tor
good to choice, W®loVic for fancy and for
peeled: Apricots I2*.®lfic for Royals nnd
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 9©9"_c; sun
dried, 6c; Black Fie?, sacks. SVlc; Plums, nomi
nal. 2c for unpltted and 4<_o6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— -3940 for two-crown. 4*Kc for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown. 4V_u6e for Seedless
Sultanas, 3>_c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2?i©3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, 698 c
for hardshell, 10011 c for softshell; Almonds,
809 c for hardshell. 12013 c for softshell, 14016 c
for papershell: Peanuts. 607 c for Eastern and
4V406C for California; Cocoaouts, $4 60®5.
HONEY— Comb. 10011 c for bright and B©9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 7%
©7V_c: light amber extracted. 7c; dark, s@s*_c
BEES WAX— 2SO27c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2SO27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Re per lb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light.
12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10%®llc: Califor
nia Hams, 10c: Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef, $15®15 50; extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%<f?5%c per lb for
compound and 7%<fr7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c: 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%»g6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 66 in a case, 9%c;
3-Tb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-Th pails. 12 in
a case. S%c; 10-lb pails, 6 ln a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 ln a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
' about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
i steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light. B®S%e; Cow
j hides. B%@9c; Stags, fie; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c: culls and brands
! 12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17 C :
i Sheepskins, shearlings, lO^SOc each; short
I Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool
! 90c@$l 10 each: Horse . Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
i for large and $1 for small; _olts, 25@50c for
i small.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb* No
2 4%c: refined, : Grease, .
: "WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months. 7@9c: Foothill and Northern free. 10
i ffl2c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc*
i Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 10
QHc: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools-
Humboldt and Mendocino ...9 (gm
Northern Mountain , 7 q-^q
Southern „.' 8 @ 7%
Plains 6 7
HOPS— IB9B crop, lOtgllc per lb for ordinary
12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices for all descriptions remain undis
turbed.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers;
BEEF— 7%@S%c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, '7%@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; _wes, 7c per lb
LAMB— Spring. 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5c for small, 5%ig5%c for
medium and 4%@4%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4@4%c; dressed Hogs, 6%@7%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July; Wool .Bags, 26@2Sc; Ban Quentln
Bags. $4 05. «
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld' Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 61)'
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $S in bulk and $9 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In *->ulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 5 9-16 c: Powdered 5 9-16 -
Candy Granulated, 5 3-16 c: Dry Granulated'
5 l-16c; Confectioners' A. 5 l-16c; California a'
4 13-lSc; Magnolia A, 4 11-16 c; Extra C, 4 9-16 c:
Golden C. 4 7-16 c; half barrels %c more than
barrels, and boxes l%c more; bags l-16c less
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. April 10.
Flour, qr sks 58.223 Hay, tons B2S
Wheat, ctls 21", Wool, bales 211
Barley, ctls 4.160 Pelts, bdls 381
Corn. ctls. East. 1.2*0 Hides, no 753
Cheese, ctls 30 Eggs, doz 16 920
Butter, ct15....... 257 Lumber, feet 20 000
Tallow, ctls 223 Leather, r0115.... 104
Beans, sks 845 Wine, gals 150
Potatoes, sks 688 'Quicksilver, flks. 82
Onions, sks 32 Dime, bbls 182
Bran, sks 1,900 Sugar, bbls 700
Middlings, sks.... 125 Sugar, sks 6 445
Straw, tons 29
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 60,1851 Onions, 5k5....... 447
Potatoes, sks 4,9oß 'Hay, tons 10
THE STOCK MARKET. ~
' The leading changes in local securities on
the morning session were a decline ln Gas
and Electric to $72%@72% and an advance in
Hawaiian Commercial to $90©90%. Other
changes were narrow. Trading was fair.
On the afternoon call Hawaiian sold up to
$91 and Gas and Electric up to $74.
Mining : stocks were featureless at about
previous prices.. The telegram from the pump
said: "Elevator working nicely and keeping
the water down, while working two-thirds of
the time. Water in the 1750 winze is 17 feet
7 inches below the station."
The La Suerte Gold Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of 2%
cents per share, delinquent i May 9. i
The Yellow Jacket assessment will be delin
quent in the company's office at Gold Hill,
Nev., to-day.
The delinquent ' assessment . sale of the . Bel
cher Mining Company will be held to-day.
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan mine of Idaho
paid a dividend of $31,000 on the 4th.
The Republic mine of Washington will pay
a dividend of $35,000 on the 15th.
The Sacramento mine of Salt Lake, Utah,
paid • a dividend of $5000 on the 3d, making
$$7,000 to date.
A quarterly dividend of 11.l 1 . per cent was
! paid on the Ist by the Boston and Colorado
! Smelting Company.
The regular monthly dividend of 50c per
share by the California Street Cable Company
will be paid on the 12th.
The Gas Consumers' Association pays a div
idend of loc per share this month.
The Natoma Vineyard Company pays the
usual 5c per share dividend this month.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share on the 15th.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph Companies will pay- the usual dividends
of 40c and 25c per share respectively on the
15th
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
Fifty cents per share by the Pacific Gas Im
provement Company and the San Jose Water
j Company; a quarterly dividend of 60c per
I share by the Market Street Railway Com-
I pany; the Giant Consolidated Powder Com-
I pany its fourth dividend of 50c per share: the
I Paauhua Plantation Company its second divi-
J dend of SOc per share.
The following companies had cash on hand '
| April 1: Alta, $388. with $1000 due the bank '
I and the balance of an assessment to be col- |
I lected; Alpha Con., $2043: Belcher. $8561: Best I
I & Belcher, an Indebtedness of $103 after pay-
I Ing the last month's expenses and an assess
ment being collected: Bullion, $624, with an
! assessment being collected; Caledonia. $4466,
with last month's expenses unpaid; Confidence.
I $958. with last month's expenses unpaid and
I an assessment being collected; Chollar, $6842;
i Consolidated California and Virginia, $4083;
Con. New York. $554; Crown Point, $897; Ex- :
chequer, $1143: Gould & Curry, $4550; Hale &
Norcross, $787, with bills payable of $2500;
Julia Con., $1416; Justice, $1432; Mexican. $1889;
Ophlr, $6GGO; Overman, $3775. with mine ex- ,
penses for the past three months unpaid and .
an assessment being collected: Potosi. $2915, '■
i with bills payable of $4000: Savage, $6553; Seg. j
I Belcher. $694; Scorpion, $270; Sierra Nevada 1
! $14,830; Silver Hill, $163. with bills payable of
$700; Standard Consolidated. $39,613. with last I
I month's expenses at mine unpaid and the bul
j lion clean-up to be received; Syndicate. $1512;
Union Consolidated, $9272, and Utah Consoli- !
dated, $241.
The oVfccial report of the operations In the ;
I Consolidated California and Virginia mine :
j during the past week If as follows- 1400 level— ,
The west drift has b»en extended 15 feet: !
total distance west from C. and C. shaft, 436
feet The face la In soft hanging wall rock .
with seams of moist clay. 1&50 level— The '
drain and water pipes are being repaired and
rearranged. IT.'O level— A temporary track has i
been laid and the northwest drift repaired
and cleaned out so that the northwest passage |
is now open. This drift starts from a switch .
fi4o feet west of the shaft and it 1b 200 feet to j
the first series of winzes connecting the 1650 j
and 1750, and at present Is the only open con- I
nertlon between those levels. The 1860 level
i is a station only, no level being opened from ;
it. but it Is In good condition and will be of '
! value In handling material from the pump
I compartment and In furnishing a new work
! ing base for pumping operations. As the j
| water goes down the shaft is found to be In j
good condition, whijl the pump compartment j
• is full of wreckage from the Cornish pump- j
: Ing plant formerly In use In this shaft.
[ In the Ophlr mine during the past week th? j
i second crosscut from the northwest drift in
j the old Central tunnel workings was extended
; 4 feet, total 18 feet: face in almost solid
quartz, showing Iron sulphides of no value.
'■ The west drift was extended 14 feet, making a
i total of 115 feet. The ground passed through
! was of heavy clay. The Sutro tunnel connec
i tktfi was extended 14 feet, total 66 feet;- face
' again In hard hanging wall rock. In 'he
Opblr ground, as exposed by the north lateral
of the Putro tunnel, thorp are several streaks (
of good-looking quartz that may contain ore. i
They are opening them up to learn Just what
they are worth.
In the Union Consolidated mine they have
started west crosscut No. 1 at a point 100
I feet north from the top of the upraise, 266 feet |
i above the !W level, and advanced It 10 feet: I
i total length, 20 feet: face In quartz assaying
from $1 to $2 per ton.
In the Sierra Nevada mine the raise started I
In the north drift at a point 223 feet north j
' from the west drift to connect with the Riley i
: tunnr-1 has bren advanced feet; total length, |
;44 feet. The roof is in old ground which looks j
like an old drift that may have been run from j
the Cedar Hill tunnel. They tiavp been trou- |
bled with water from this drift during the
. week. 900 level— The south drift from the top
! of the raise so feet above this level was ad
> vanced io fpet .luring the week, total 142 feet;
face in porphyry.
In the nest ft Belcher and Gould & Curry
! mines during the past week the station on the j
; Putro tunnel level of the Oshlston shaft was
thoroughly secured by new timbering and the
1 shaft secured so that It could be examined and '
the water In the shaft measured. The water
. Is down over 60 feet below the Rutro tunnel
, lnvel. Th» station will be secured, all xhf
water possible caught tip and an opening left :
! so that the water ran he measured from time
; to time and the work stopped until surface re- ;
i pairs on the shaft are completed. They are
! hauling lumber and getting ready to repair the
, shaft.
In thr Hale & Norcross mine they are clean- I
Ing out and repairing the connecting drift be
tween the main Incline and the Sutro tunnel
south lateral branch.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 10—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid.A=k.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 7% 8
4s quar coup. ..13%114 |Equit G L Co. 7% 8
4s quar reg... — — Mutual El Co. 13% 15
4s quar new.. — 129% Oakland Gas.. — 48%
3s quar coup. .107% — ; Pac Gas Imp. 76% —
Miscellaneous— ] Pac L Co 46% 46%
Cal-st Cab 65. 116 — !SF G & E.... 74 74%
Cal Elec L 65.125%4_7% San Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 55. ...109 - 'Stktn Gas 6s.— — '
Dup-st ex c... — — . Insurance —
E L & P .131 — Flrem's Fund. 225
I F & Cl Ry f15.116 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R os. — 100 Anglo-Cal .... — 67%
j H C & S 5%5.105 — ; Bank of Cal.. — —
j_. A LCo «... — — I Cal .1) _ T., 98 —
Do gntd fis.,lol — ! First Nation!. 22o —
|_A Rof Ca1. 105% — Lon P & A... 131 —
: Market-st 65... 128 128% Mer Exchange— 16
j Do Ist M 53.116 — ,Nev Nat 8k..150 —
NCN G X 7s. 107 — i Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 6a.. - 113% Ger S & L... — 1675
N' Ry Cal 55..H0%11l ,Hum 3 & L.1050 1160
IN i* CX R (is. — iu7 i Mutual Say. — 41%
iNP CR R 58.102% — '8 F Say U.. 600 —
I N Cal R R 05. 105 — !S & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55. ...KM — 'Security SB. 300 350 ;
Om C Ry 65..124%125% Union T Co. — 1450 !
P&CI Ry 65.. — 109 j Street Railroads—
P & O 6s 117 — .California ....112 —
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 40 — i
Sac El Ry ss. - — Market-st .... 62% 63
8F & NiP 55. 113% — ,(>ak SL_• H. — -
SV & S JV5s. — — Presidio — 17% I
SlerraßCal H_.104-liV.H Powder—
B P of Ar 65..1U%112% California .... — 190
BPC 6s (1905)110% — E Dynamite... — 102% I
SPC 6s (1906) — — Giant Con Co. 60% — I
BPC 6s (1912) — — Vigorit 2% —
SPCis eg 55.105 — Sugar—
SPBr 6s 123 — Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
8 V Water 65.116%116%iHaw C & C. 90% 91%
S V Water 45. 104 104% Hutch S P Co. 31% 32
B V W45(3dm).101%101% Paauhau S P. 39 —
Stktn Gas 65. .102 103% | Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— IAI Pac Assn.. llo 110%
Contra Costa.. 64% 65%' Ger Ld Wks...-50 -
Marin Co .... ■■" - Mer Ex Assn.. 90
Spring Va11ey. 102*4102% Oceanic S Co.. 75% 75%
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — I Pac C Bor C 0.107% —
Central G Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Alaska Packers' Association 110 00
6 Alaska Packers' Association 110 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 90 00
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 90 75
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, b 2 .90 50
95 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 90 50
70 Hana Plantation Co 17 12% 1
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 25
125 Hutchinson SP Co 32 00 i
10 Hutchinson S P Co 31 87%
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 105 62%
$SOOO North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 110 75 !
60 Oceanic S S Co 75 25
80 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
155 Paauhau S P Co 38 87%
190 S F Gas & Electric Co 72 75 "
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 72 50
115 S F Gas & Electric C 0... 72 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
65 Alaska Packers' Association HO 00
5 Alaska Packers' Association 110 12%
20 Bank of California ». 257 00
350 Equitable Gas. 8 00
155 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 91 00
2". Hutchinson S P C 0... 32 00
$7000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent b0nd5. ..105 50
75 Market-st Railway 63 00
$5000 Market-st R R Con 5 per cent bds..H6 00
25 Oceanic S SCo 75 25
260 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
25 Paauhau S P Co, b 5. 3' 00
75 Pacific Lighting 46 50 j
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds.... 123 00
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 114 50
$4000 S P of A bonds 112 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 75
550 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 12%
15 S V Water 102 50
Street—
$2000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 110 75
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. ...105 75
INVESTMENT BOARD."
Morning Session.
'■■t ■'':'-■ '• Board
55 Hutchinson S P Co 3200
-25 Hana Plantation C 0........ 17 37%
35 Oceanic S S Co.. 75 ■>-
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 74-5
$3000 S V Water 4 per cent (3d issue).... 101 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 S F Gas & Electric C 0.... ; 72 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co. ..." 32 00
20 Equitable Gaslight 8 3"%
150 Equitable Gaslight..... 50 -
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales ln the San Fran
Cisco Stock Board yesterday: "'
Morning Session. •
100 Belcher ........ 34 1 200 Occidental .. •*•«
300 Best & Belcher 58 100 Ophlr ... "'"1 in
200 Challenge ...... 34 200 Potosi ...." 77
200 Chollar 32 200 Savage . "** V>
600 Chollar 31 1 400 Savage 30
200 Con Cal &V...1 80 1 50 Savage "'it
150 Con Cal & V...1 75 500 Seg Belcher 05
200 Con Imperial... 02' 250 Union Con.. ' 50
... -
100 Confidence 80' 100 Union Con 48
600 Gould & Curry. 39* 200 Utah 15
500 Mexican fill 400 Yellow Jacket.. 38
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 091 100 Occidental 32
400 Andes 15 j 100 Overman 12.
200 Belcher 36 1 100 Potosi .-. 27 |
2500 Con Imperial... 01. 100 Savage 31
200 Crown Point... 20 11120 Sierra Nev 106
200 Hale & Norcrs. 30 200 Union Con 48
600 Mexican • -.. 60 135 Yellow Jacket.. 36
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
. Morning Session.
200 Belcher 341 200 Mexican 60
300 Best & Belcher 60- 200 Mexican 59
300 Best & Belcher 5S 200 Mexican 58
500 Best & Belcher 57 400 Ophlr 110
400 Caledonia 36 : 200 Ophir 1 0u
500 Chollar ' 33! 200 Savage 32
500 Con Cal & V...1 80: 100 Savage 31
200 Con Cal & V.l 77V.; 300 Sierra Nev..... 1 10
300 Con Cal & V...1 75' 300 Sierra Nev...l O. Vi
500 Crown Point... 20 ; 200 Union Con 47
700 Justice 19 300 Yellow Jacket.. 33
300 Justice 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. 3.
200 Justice IS
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 09 50 Justice 20
300 Belcher 35 200 Justice .--' IS
150 Best & Belcher 60 200 Mexican 60
200 Chollar 31 200 Mexican o9
200 Chollar 32 400 Ophlr 110
200 Con Cal & V.l 77.; 600 Savage .. 31
200 ton Cal & V...1 7.*. 500 Sierra Nev Ito
200 Confidence 80! 200 Utah ........... 14
200 Crown Point... 21 ! 315 Yellow Jacket.. 36
200 Hale & Norcrs. 30 ; 500 Yellow JacKet.. 3,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April 10-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask., Bl< L As *;
Alpha Con 06 07 Julia 02 04
/Vita OS 09 Justice 17 19
Andes 14 15 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 35 36 Lady Wash.... — 02
Best & Belcher 59 60 Mexican o9 60
Bullion 03 04 Occidental 32 34
Caledonia 35 37 Ophlr 105 110
Chollar 31 32 Overman 11 13
Challenge Con. 33 34 Potosi 26 28
Confidence 75 85 Savage -' 32
Con Cal & V...1 75 1 80 Scorpion 04 .—
Con Imperial... 01 02 Seg Belcher.... 03 05
Crown Point... 21 22 Sierra Nev 100 105
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill — 04
E Sierra Nev.. 02 —Syndicate — '"5
Eureka C0n.... — 60 .Standard 2502 75
Exchequer — 03. Union Con 48 49
Gould & Curry. SO 40 j Utah 13 14
Hale _- Norcrs. 30 31 1 Yellow Jacket.. 36 37
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary S. and George W. Haight to Bank of
California, lot on S line of Green street. 124 E
of Van Ness avenue. S 84, E IS, NE 75, N 56, W
75:6. to secure notes; $ — ■ — .
Walter G. and Rosa G. Anderson to Anna
Moore (widow), lot on N line of Broadway,
137:6 W of Octavia. W 68:9, N 137:6, E 15:9, N
137:6, E 53, S 275; $10.
Rosa Rosenfeld to Charles W. and Mary B.
Moores. lot on E line of Spruce, 27:8% S of
Clay street, S 25 by E 87:6; $10.
Elouise Weske to John R. Aitken, lot on SW
line of Steiner and Elliott Park. S 41:3 by W
SS (Hamilton Square); $5.
Security Loan Association to Allen E. Ache
son, lot on W line of Tremont avenue, 125 S
of Waller street, S 25 by W 80; $1950.
William Foley to Lizzie Foley, lot on N line
of Army street. 110 W of Sanchez street, W
50 by N 114; $1500.
Estate Oscar S. Johnson, L. D. Olln admin
istrator, by R. H. Fitzgerald, commissioner,
to W. F. Sawyer, lot on N line of Elizabeth
street, 152 E of Noe street, E 26 by N 114; $1106.
Charles and Sallle H. Page to Mutual Life
Insurance Company of New York, lot on E
line of Sansome street, 118:3% S Of California
street, S 20:10% by E 137:6. also party walls on
N and S side of lot: $58,000.
Same to same, lot on E line of Sansome
street, 89 S of California street, S 30 by E
137:6; $65,000.
J. J. and Julia Raver to Rose A. Lamb, lot
on N line of Pine street, 87:6 E of Larkin, E
50x137:6,- quitclaim deed; $5.
Alameda County.
Pauline E. More to Ellen H. Chabot. lot on
W line of Franklin street, 681:8 N of Four
teenth, N 51:4 by W 150, Oakland, quitclaim
deed; $5110.
Sena Larkin to George H. and Mary E. Burn
ham, lot on E line of Myrtle street, 310:9 N
of Twelfth. N 40 by E 125, block B, lands of
Oakland Central Homestead Association, Oak
land; $10.
Robert and Gertrude Ellis to Harriet M. Mc-
Caw, lot on SE corner of Thirteenth and Alice
streets, E 115 by S 50, block 170, Oakland, sub
ject to a mortgage for $4000; $10.
Patrick and Mary E. O' Bryan to Philip H.
Rosenheim, lot on E line of Halleck or Ettie
street, 100 S of Thirty-second or A. S 100 by E
133, being lot 6, block O. lands of Petal Home
stead Association, Oakland; $10.
Helen M. Wettsteln (by attorney) to James
S. Naismith, lots 7 to 10, block 101, map of por
tion of Watson property. East Oakland; $10.
Melissa S. Carle to Harry B. Belden, lot on
E line of Peralta street, 104.20 N of West Four
teenth. N 104.20, E 86.60, S 100. W 116.57 to be
ginning, being lots 23 to 26. block SSI. map of
Peralta and Center-street lands. Oakland; $10.
Harry B. and Susie L. Belden to Hyacinth
Gil, same, Oakland; $10. "\
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
T G Bennett, NY ,0 W Greeley, Boston
Mrs Bennett. NY |W H Smith. Pa
Mis? Bennett, N V (Mrs W H Smith. Pa
E B Bennett, N V Mrs J Crawford, D C
T J Field, Mont (Miss Crawford, D C
Mrs T J Field. Mont Mrs A B Butler, Cal
F D Robbins, Pa P F Kelley. Seattle
Mrs F L Robbins, Pa C E Hale, L Ang
J X Manning, Mass D P Gledden, Colo
A Moller, Siberia H V Warren, Chicago
— Pustan, Hongkong I C M Graves, N V
J R Forrest, NY F Z Dickinson, Vt
Mrs H S Stebbins, Mrs Dickinson, Vt
Seattle W J Ahem, L Ang
C M Hunter, La : Raymond & Whitcomb
Mrs H M Jacobs. Cal .1 Excursionists-
Miss C Jacobs. Cal Miss Widdleton
B A Rice, N V Miss H P Bulkley
L Fletcher, Minn Mrs B Flint
Miss Fletcher, Minn Miss Thayer
Mrs S C Fletcher, Minn R B Fowler
C Hutchins, Boston Mrs R B Fowler
J T Templeton, Mo Mrs J H Melvin
G W Burchell, N V Miss C W Myrlck
Mrs Burchell; NY j M Mvrick
G Ingraham. NY IK C Ledlie
Mis Ingraham. NY C D Sias ■
W B Fr?ard. N V .Mrs C D Sias
Mrs Freard. N V I Mrs P B Smith
M Arm Belgium Miss D C Smith
Miss I "-graham, X V Miss B E Smith
W v, Andrews. Ohio J H Prince
T Flint. S Juan Mrs J H Prince
Mrs T Flint, S Juan W C Mackie
J Bean, Minn Mrs W C Mackie
Mrs J Bean, Minn A Bagg
Miss A Bean, Minn Mrs A Bagg
A Bean. Minn {Miss X Raynolds
H H Hinshaw, Cal Miss R Raynolds
H P Eckhardt. Can Mrs H R Hirsch
Mrs Eckhardt. Can Mrs L W Rubensteln
F E Ridgely. U S N _ R Gale
G D Rose, Or B C Bixby
J X Mackenzie, 111 3 8 Spencer
D W McNaugher, Pa Mrs S S Spencer
A L Pearse, London 3 S Spencer Jr
3 B Henderson, NY T A Crawford
A J Flitcraft. Chicago Mrs J A Crawford
Mrs Flitcraft. Chicago Miss M M Crawford
A Miller, N V Miss C A Crawford
G F Simonds, Mass L S Chad wick
J S Brouleer. Omaha Mrs L S Chadwlck
E H'-ming. Chicago Mrs L R Pine
Mrs Hemlng, Chicago • Mrs W F Merritt
Mrs H A Hayden. O Mrs E Thomas
Miss Libbey, Chicago Mrs A Smith
C B Knapp. Pa L.M Kimball
Mrs C B Knapp, Pa Mrs L M Kimball
S Brown, NY J B Bassett
Mrs S Brown. NY C H Jewett
Miss Brown. N V Mrs AM Snauldlng
c, E Townshend. B C -Miss S F Spauldlng
W w Dreyfoos. 11l Ig L Stevenson
L G Howard, Chicago I
GRAND HOTEL.
L Gerlack &w, Cal IW H Glazebrook, Ky
A Tognazzinl, Cal N D Moore, Tulare
A C Jones, Callstoga J A Black, Chicago
W A Freeman, Cal Lieut S B Wiman R
Miss E Kelly. Alaska I C S '
E T Berger, Detroit M B Fassett, L Ang
W F Purnell, Sacto C Van Valin, Chicago
II Isaacs. L Ang JO Austrian &' w-. Cal
J Faris Jr. Sacto IE J Musto, Stockton
W R Dunlap, Cal O M Oliver, Merced
A J Brentwood & w, ;F E Taggart Cal
S Cruz jW A Maxwell. N M
J Hirsch, Cal J S Wilson. Chicago
F H Widemann. Cal W Walters, Chicago
E Seawell. S Rosa W a Acklev Mt View
Mrs S B Lamberson, ,H M Acklev, Mt View
Chicago ,L Rosenberg. Colo
Miss M Roberts. Conn Misses Migliavacca Cal
Miss S Gardner, Wash E Schlrmer Cal
E A Stewart. L Ang J Gregor. Cal
Miss M Chapin, Cal Mrs W Smith Napa
0 M Adoe, L Ang <G H Bodden & w Cal
D A Matheson, Chlco .Mr? V Drescher, Sacto
F Henderson, Chico IMrs S S McCain Ind
F H Folsom, Seattle 'T. W Brown, Hollister
E W Clark & w, Monti W W Downle & w Cal
J B Stewart, NY ; G A Steele &w, Mich
W. 7 Young &w, Cal : T> D Wise, Cal
H H Smith _- w. Pa J R Edman. S Clara
W B Thurman. Cal EL Davis & w Colo
G X Burton, Cal 'O Slmonds, Boston
A Anderson, Suisun Mrs H B Stebbins & g
E A Forbes, Marysville Seattle
J W Crutcher & w, Cal J C Tice, Cal
T, James. Auburn | J S Cady. Sonora
M Michael, Woodland I J F Sonnes, Napa
V. S Holt, St Helena tJ G Leser. Milwaukee
T McMenihan. Cal iS R Mather, Woodland
G C Alexander. Cal F Cox. Sacto
3 McMlnn Jr. Cal Miss F Cox. Sacto
W F Price, S Rosa M Goldsmith. Stockton
Mrs C F Stewart. Minn, J McLaren. Vallejo
Mrs T X Jones, Cal .A Haines. Madison
Mrs F E Ames, NY jw A Moore, Benicia
Miss M Baldwin. Cal J) H Ettien. Pasadena
J M Striening. S Rosa w J Ettien. Pasadena
T Nelson. Tulare vena
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N Hansen, Hanford J Mulroy, N <V
G Erickson, Fresno G A Williams. Sacto
H Jackson. Sacto > J C Eman, Chico
R L Moore, Callstoga IF A Moulter. N V
A Brown, S Cruz W Garrett. Vallejo
G G Green. L Ang A G Arnold, Riverside
J G Anderson, Suisun Mrs Wallace, S Cruz
R Rainsbury, Modesto C Werly, Stockton
J S Harding. Cal • ■ ' .
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco.' Cai"
April 10, 1899. ' *''
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean tim * GHES
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograph c
Office, located in the Merchants Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. ___ *_
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept .on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten mi mites before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th median, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, APRIL 11.
■ Sun ri ses 5 : 39
Sun sets 6 42
Moon sets 8:39 p. m.
C3 ITime' ITime: [Timel ITime
g. !— — Ft. Ft. ' ! Ft. ! Ft.
?> !H Wl |L Wl |H W| IL W|
11 ... 6:Olj— 0.4 12:44! 5.0! B:48 2-1 1
12... 0:06 6.1 6:ri)_o 4' 1:88 4.6 6:29' i.5
13 ... 0:44 5.9 7:39|— 0.3 2:36 4.4 7:10 : 1.7
14 ... 1:22 B.ll P:30'— 0.1 3:40! 4.2l R^l 1 2.S
15 ...I 2:10] S.SJ 9:2« n.i i:60] 4.2' 9:03 S.3
16 ...! 3:05! 4.S: 10:22- OS 6:00? 4.3! 10:34 SJ
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
A. Blanchard...!Coos Bay Apl. 11
Samoa 'Humboldt 'Apl 11
Tartar | Vancouver ....l Apl. 11
Alliance Portland Apl. 11
Fulton 'Portland !Apl. 11
I,uella iTillamook Apl. 11
City of Rio IChina and Japan Apl. 11
San Joee IPanama Apl. 11
Townsend : Coquille River lApl. 12
Signal Iwillaoa Harbor lApl. 13
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 12
Coos Bay Newport Apl. 12
Umatilla 'Victoria & Puget Sound! Apl. 12
Point Arena Point Arena Apl. 13
North Fork TTumhoMt Up 1 . It
TVeeott IHumboldt JApI. 13
Mlneola. iNanalmo (Apl. H
Wellington 'Departure Bay lApl. H
Newburg Grays Harbor Apl. 14
Corona ! Ran Diego lApl. 14
Arcata 'Coos Bay lApl. 14
State of Cal.... 'Portland lApl. l",
"Washtenaw 'Taooma JApI. 15
Orizaba INewnort ! Api IS
Progreso [Seattle !Apl. 15
Oueen I victoria' * Pucret Sound' Apl. IT
Crescent Clty...'rVesrpnt City lApl. 17
Santa Rosa 'Pan TMearo 'Apl. IS
Coptic 'China and Japan !Apl. 1?
Columbia Portland |Apl. 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. ! Sails. I Pier.
I i i z.
Walla ■WalllVlc & Pf?t Sd.lApl. 11. 10 amipter 9
Santa Rosa|San Dlejro Apl. 12. 11 am] Pier H
Npp'n M'rulChina&JapanlApl. 12, 1 pmIPMSS
Aloha 'Point Arena.. lApl. 12, 3 pmlPter 3
Alliance ...'Oregon Ports. 13, 10 ampler 10
Columbia ..'Pnrtlpnd 'At>l. IS. in am!P<*>r
A. Blanch'd|Coos Bay |Apl. 13, 5 pm Pier IS
Coos Bay. ..iKpwport lApl. 14. » am ; i v «r 11
Pomona Humb-Mt lApl. 14, 2 Pier 9
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena. .lApl. 15, 3 pm Pier 2
Corona !San DiPtro lApl. lfi. 11 am! Pier 11
. T'mattlla ..IVic & Pet Sd.lApl. ik. in amlPier <>
! Arcata ICoos Bay |Apl. 16. 10 am' Pier IS
| State Cal... 'Portland Apl. 18. 10 am I Pier 24
Orizaba [Newport 'Apl. 18. 9 am Pier 11
San Jose... j Panama lApl. IS. 12 m|PMSS
! JPlw-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARREIVED.
Monday, April 10.
Stmr Cleone, Higgins. 33 hours from Cres
cent City.
Br. stmr Wyefield. Cartmer, 4% days from
Nanaimo.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart. 43 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Green. 56% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41% hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60% hours from
San Diego, etc.
Bark Oregon, Parker, 11 days from Seattle.
Bktn Planter, Marden. 19 days from Hon
olulu.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 4 days from Co
quille River.
Schr John G North, Anderson, 20 days from
Kahului.
Bktn Gardiner City, Schmehl, 3% days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, 18 days from
Honolulu. ■- .",:... v
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 36 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Schr Eva, Ramselius, 17 days from Maha
kona.
CLEARED.
Monday. April 10.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria, etc?
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Bark Merom, Peterson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Monday, April 10.
U S stmr Brutus. Cottman, cruise.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Star South Coast. Zaddart.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Trinidad.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, Eureka.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, Tillamook Bay.
Schr Nettie Low, Low. Point Reyes.
« SPOKEN.
Per stmr Columbia— Lat 45 05 N. long 124 23
W. Br sealing schr Lillian May. with 450 skins.
March IS, lat 3 N, long 29 W— ship Vin
cent, from Tacoma. for Falmouth. .-'-'•
--CHARTERS.
The Incheape Rock loads mdse for Sydney;
lump sum.
The Hutton Hall loads flour at Tacoma for
Hongkong.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 10— Stmr Exeter
City from Bristol.
HAVRE— Ai rived April 10— Stmr La Nor
mandle. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 10— Stmr Cym
ric, from New York; stmr Umbria, from New
York.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, April 10, 10 p m— Weather
hazy: wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT .ARENA— April Schr H
Eppinger, hence April 5.
NEiYH BAY— Passed out April Stmr Mine
ola. from Nanaimo, for San Francisco.
Passed in April 10— ship Wm Mitchell,
from Hiogo; stmr Progreso, hence April 6. for
Seattle.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived April 9— Schr
John F Miller, hence March 28; schr Melanc
thon. hence March 28.
Sailed April 9— Schr Jennie Stella, for Re
dondo.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed April 10— Stmr Signal
for San Francisco; schr Webfoot, for Sari
Francisco.
• TACOMA — Arrived April 10 — Bark Tidal
Wave, hence March 30.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived April 10— Stmr
Alcazar, from Greenwood.
Sailed April 10— Stmr Greenwood, for
EVERETT— SaiIed April Bark Oakland
for San Francisco.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived April B— Schr Lottie
Carson, from Eureka.
EUREKA— Arrived April 9— Peruvian bark
San Nicholas, from Callao. April 10— Stmr
North Fork, hence April 8: stmr Pomona, hence
April 9: stmr Alliance, from Portland
Sailed April 10— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Alliance, for San Francisco; schr
Bertie Minor, for Newport (S); schr Otillie
Fjord, for Honolulu.
TACOMA-Sailed April 10-Shlp Standard, for
Honolulu.
ASTORIA-Arrlved Arril 10-Stmr State of
California, hence April 8.
SEATTLE-Arrived April 10-Stmr Progreso,
hence April 6.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA-Arrived April Haw ship Star
of Russia, from Honolulu.
MANILA-Salled April 9— Stmr St Paul, for
Iloilo.
Arrived April 10 - Stmr Portland, hence
Mach 2.
LIZARD-Passed April S-Br ship Celtic
Chief, from Tacoma. for Antwerp
ISLE OF WIGHT-Passed April 8-Br bark
Mozambique, from Portland, for Hull
HpNGKONG-Salled April S-Stmr'citv of
Peking, for San Francisco, via Honolulu "
ANTWERP-Arrived April 7-Br ship Sllber
horn. from Portland, Or. y
LONDON-Arrived April 9— Ship R D Rice,
hence Nov 9.
>^S A -. G .¥ rrlved April 8-Bktn Chehalls.
from Portland, Or.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived April 8-Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, hence March 17.GAS RATES ARE
RAISED BY THE
SUPERVISORS
Public May Pay $1.50
Per Thousand.
BILLS SETTLED AT OLD RATE
QUESTION OF PARK EXTENSION
GOES OVER ONE WEEK.
Improvement Clubs "Want the Elec
tion to Include Bonds for Other
Matters When Submitted
to the People.
After a week's consideration the seven
members of the Board of Supervisor
who have been identified with the ma
jority have arrived it the conclusion that
their ai :ion in reducing the price of gas
to J. 39 per thousand feet was ill-advised.
Lv tho face of argument presented by
the minority which indicated that that
f-.'-c? would give a reasonable profit, it
was decided at the meeting; yesterday ta
rescind the action of the previous week.
r. lowing upon this an attempt was
made to fix the rate for consumers at
Jl SO. This was finally referred to the
Struct Light Committee for consideration.
it whs decided to pay the bills of the
S in Francisco Gas and Electric Company
and tho Pacific Gas Improvement Com-
pany Cor lighting th streets .md public
buildings during December and January
at the rates specified in the contract.
This is the document pronounced invalid
by Judge Seawell recently. The action of
the majority was bitterly contested by
the minority throughout the heated de
bate.
The seven members who voted for re
scinding the action taken at the last
meeting were: Supervisors Holland, KaU
ben. Black, Phelps, Collins, Attridge and
Algeltlnger. The steadfast minority was
made up of Supervisors Perrault, Lack
mannJ Byington; Ilr-ver and _asy. Near
the close ox the debate, when the vote
on every question stood 7 to 5, Supervisor
Byington, who had fought valiantly with
the majority, seeing the hopelessness ot
it; quoted from Shakespeare's "Merchant
o_ '.«":
♦
,£> You may as well go stand beside the 4*
... sea and bid the tide abate Its usual £
• - height; you may as well do anything i
>•> that is most hard. ♦>
To this ie added— "as reach the mind of
th se who will not be convinced."
The fight opened on the Question of a
resolution presented by Supervisor __al
ben. He wanted the question of a reduc
tion in price for street lamps referred to
the Street Light Committee, of which he
is chairman. His resolution read:
"Whereas, This board did on April 3, 1899,
refer to the Committee on Street Lights a
resolution ln words and figures as follows:
Resolved; The compensation to be allowed
to the San Francisco Oas and Electric
Company for the light of street lamps here
tofore furnished and unpaid, and which
may hereafter bo furnished, until a new
contract Is entered Into, shall be 6 cents
per lamp per night, in lieu of 11 cents per
lamp per ntght as heretofore; and whereas,
the Committee on Street Lights. In order to
intelligently report on said resolution, deem
lt necessary to first obtain information from
the Gas InsjK-ct-r in relation to the subject
mktter of said resolution before reporting
thereon to this board; therefore,
Resolved. That the subject matter of
aaid resolution be and Is hereby referred to
the C!_s Inspector for his examination and
report to the Corruruittee on Street lights as
to tlie consumption of gas ln each lamp per
night, ani as to whether or not the rate
proposed in this resolution of fi cents In
lieu of 11 cents per lamp per night is a pro
portionate reduction of the price or rate a?
specified ln the contract ln connection with
the other service rendered, as compared
with tlie price or -rate set forth In resolu
tion No. 2621 (fourth series adopted a the
last meeting of the board April 3, 1899.
Supervlsor Lflckmann objected to tho
matter being referred to the committee.
He said the board had all the Information
it could hope to receive In the matter. He
said tho city l- paying two and sometimes
three times a* much as other cities. He
Instanced New York and Boston, saying
they paid $12 for service for which this
city is charged $3*5.
Supervlt-or Bvington thought the board
could net on tho fixing of rates at once,
;:s there was no possibility of change in
their view of the matter. They had just
as much light on the matter then as they
would ever have. The motion to recall
the matter from the committee was lost
by the usual vote— 7 to 6,
When this matter had been disposed of
Supervisor Aigeltinger presented a short
r-solution rescinding the previous action
of the board lixing the price of gas at
tl 10 to consumer.. Both Perrault and Bv
ington wanted to know the reason of this
remarkable change of heart li one week.
In explanation Supervisor AigeJtlntrer said
he did not think $1 10 a fair' rate to any
corporation. When asked why it was not
fair when the reports showed It was paid
in other cities, he said he was entitled to
his own opinion In the matter) that no
business man would want the price of gas
cut 65 cents on the 1000 feet. He did not
ihink the company could pay its laborers
or its interest at that price.
S*'7ie. r visor Byington said a reason
should be given for the change of heart.
Seven men had voted for tho reduced rate
and if they wnnted to change their vote
now they should give their reason calmly
and dispassionately. The public, he said.
will think the board acts hastily and
without due deliberation If lt changes its
vote so readily. He held the board should
not allow compensation on a capitaliza
tion of the . is company for $17,000,000.
This debt should not be saddled on the
P<*«ple.
Supervisor Holland paid the hoard must
not intimidate capital. That gas, water
banking corporations should lie
treated Impartially and Induced to spend
tl elr money here. He voted under a mis
apprehension last week, he said. He
understood Mr. Dackmann to say that a
*_ ij J ol ' v as M per cent more than it
*i _ *''■ Hft found thin was not true,
and hcroe wanted to change his vote.
i pon a vote being taken the resolution
passed at tho last meeting was rescinded.
bupervisor Phelps' resolution providing
for the payment of the December
GRAPE-NUTS.
oqggqooo®g36ooogoooggc»
I A dash of J
o Fruit Juice §
% on __
• ©
1 Grape=Nuts •
• Q
§ Makes a a%
• Makes a
| Fetching •
S Dish. %
0
GGQGQGOCBGQOOGGOQGOOOO
"Tou ought to advertise for people
to eat fruit juice on Grape-Nuts I
like them very much that way. I mix
fruit in and eat a sort of fruit pudding
which is very delightful to my palate'
and I find the food of a most nourishing
character. Since its use I have been
relieved of constipation." This was
written by a man In Buffalo, N. Y.
A nice fruit juice, such as comes
from canned peaches, pears, etc., makes
a delicious dish of Grape-Nuts, and
another favorite is to make a pudding
with sultana raisins, such as given in
the directions on the package. When
a man or woman once eats Grape-Nuts
he (or she) thereupon joins the Grape-
Nuts army, and never regrets it.
--■ • • ;
and January bills was then con
sidered. It was finally passed,
after many proposed amendments had
been defeated. Supervisor Deasy gave
notice that he would move for a recon
sideration at the next meeting.
Some discussion ensued over the recon
sideration of the proposition of the Mv- ;
tual Electric Light Company to light the
City Hall for 6 cents per 1000 watt hours.
Supervisor Algoltlnger moved it He over
for one week, as the committee was con
ferring with the Merchants' Association
on the lighting question.
This reason seemed to anger Supervisor
Perrault, who apparently thought the ex
cuse a trivial one. "I don't think a mem
ber should treat the remainder of this
hoard like "dunghills," he said. "The
Merchants' Association looks to me like
a great big fake. Everything is referred
to it these days." The matter went over
one week.
The resolution adopted by the Street
Committee at its meeting last week re
garding an election for bonds for the ex
tension of Golden Gate Park was read.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs requested that action be deferred
one week. It is purposed by its officers
to appear before tho committee at its
next meeting to ask that this matter be
reconsidered. They want an election at
the same time for a sewer, schoolhouse
and other bonds. At the request of Su
pervisor Attridge action was deferred.
The committee will take up consideration
of the matter at 4 p. m. Thursday.
The appropriation allowing $1000 for im
provements was passed to print. As the
city cannot get rid of the Chinese lepers
as expected, Supervisor Holland gave no
tice he would ask for an Increased ap
propriation to build the necessary accom
moqatlons.
George Dougherty was appointed pa
trol wagon driver, vice M. Cavanaugh, re
moved. Ned Elmore was appointed plum
ber's helper, vice Hugh A. Ward, re
moved. Supervisor Perrault explained
that It was a case of two Democrats be
ing replaced by two Republicans. This
when the question was asked as to
why the change was made.
The following resolution was adopted:
Resolved, That in order that the commis
sion, whose duty it is to count the cash in
the city treasury, may be able to verify
the general cash balance, embracing all
the moneys in possession of the Treasurer,
Instead of as now examining some twenty
two different balances shown by moneys
separately kept in the trays or boxes as
"special deposits," the Treasurer be
and is hereby authorised to enter upon his
books every day in the general cash ac
count the amounts received by him from
all sources, whether the same are moneys
belonging to the city and county or not, and
also to show each day the actual amount,
as aforesaid, of moneys in the city treasury,
in the general cash account, as requested by
ihs Honor the Mayor.
City and County Attorney Lane was re
quested for his opinion on the following
matters:
First. If goods, wares and merchandise
in bonded warehouses at 12 o'clock noon on
the first Monday ln March of each year can
be legally taxed for State or city and
county taxes?
Second. If consigned goods, wares and
merchandise ln original packages at 12
o'clock noon on the first Monday in March
of each year can be legally taxed for State
or city and county taxes?
Third. If roods Imported from a foreign
country while In original packages, upon
which the duties and charges at the Cus
tom-house have been paid and In th* hands
of the importer at if o'clock noon on the
first Monday of March, can be legally taxed
for State or city and county taxes?
Tho City Engineer was requested to ex
amine and report to the board the ex
pens, of the establishment of grades on
all streets south of Golden Gate Park.
His Honor the Mayor was empowered
and required to purcnase for $12.">a> a piece
of property belonging to the estate of
William B. Cam It is intended for the
purpose of extending Twenty-fifth street
rom San Jose avenue to Guerrero, It Is
expected to effect a saving to the city
to take this action, rather than to begin
proceedings to conac*_n the property.
His Honor the Mayor vetoed the per
mit granted a storekeeper on Washington
.treet, near Montgomery, to erect a win
dow extending some inches on the side
walk. He held it interfered with the
rights of adjoining shopkeepers, and that
it granted one shopkeeper all were en
titled to it.
Thomas McCoy applied for a license
which would entitle him to solicit street
work-
A variously signed petition was pre
sented by property owners ln the vicinity
of Duncan street, San Jose avenue and
Valencia street, asking the board to open
Duncan street from San Jose avenue to
Valencia street, It was pointed out that
there are no cross streets cut through
here for five blocks. The board has al
ready under consideration an application
for the opening of Twenty-seventh
street through St. Luke's Hospital prop-
erty.
The various searchers of records asked
for a hearing concerning the examination
of land titles in the matter of the park
panhandle extension. They wish an op
portunity to bid on the matter in com
petition with the title insurance com
panies.
Dr. G. E. Pussdorf, superintendent phy
clan City and County Hospital, filed a
schedule showing* supplies required by
the hospital for the fiscal year 1899-1900.
City and County Attorney Dane report
ed to the board that he had received a
warrant for $12,000 in payment for the lot
of land on Howard street, near Third.
He had not paid over the money, as he
found a brick building encroaches two
and a half inches upon the easterly side
of the lot.
Assessor Dodge sent the following com
munication
Gentlemen! Replying to your request that
I employ as a deputy in my office te serve
without compensation A. Q. Piatt, the ex
pert of your committee on personal prop
erty assessments, 1 would respectfully
state to your honorable body that 1 am un
able to comply with your request for the
following reason*! It was not Intended by
the law 'that the authority given the As
sessor to enable him to properly perform
those duties which specially belong to his
otflee should be delegated to or shared with
any other department of the city govern
ment. The Assessor Is alone responsible for
the proper performance of his official du
ties until such time as he shall turn his
Work over to your honorable board as a
Board of Equalisation. I am willing to
assume this responsibility, but am ready
now, as at all times, to receive any sugges
tions or Information from your honorable
board or its members that will aid us ln dis
covering and properly assessing the prop
erty of this city as contemplated by the
law. Notwithstanding the fact that nil
the authority now vested In me will pass
to your honorable board when my rolls are
completed and placed before you for re
vision, I am, nevertheless, prepared and
willing to employ my authority in order to
disclose Information which will be of assist
ance to you when In July next you meet
as a Hoard of Equalization. Yours very
respectfully, WASHINGTON, DODOS,
Assessor City and County of San Francisco.
W. Jones Cuthbertson, an architect,
suggested that If the property be acquired
for the extension of the park the houses
and land be leased for a period of ten
years. The rentals would offset the price
paid for the property.
POTT-IONS REFERRED.
The following petitions were referred to the
proper committees: Property-owners, for elec
tric light at Esmeralda and California ave
nues; Alfred Clarke, for settling of his claim
for a police pension; Pacific Coast Novelty
Supply Company, to place bicycle stand ln front
of 1028 Market street; R. B. Svensen, for an ap
pointment as watchman; property-owners,
changing grade at corner of Sixteenth avenue
and 1 street south; Mrs. Kate Wilson, for relief
from erroneous tax assessment of $2-0; Mission
Business Men's Association, for the laying of
sidewalks on Seventeenth street, between San
chez and Noe, and for repairs at the corner of
Sixteenth street and Julian avenue; residents,
for the abatement of a nuisance caused by a
pond of stagnant water In the block bounded by
Greenwich, Lombard. Cough and Ootavia
streets; Eugene Duffey, asking for the contract
to clean the windows of the Hall of Justice;
Mlchele Genove.e. to place a bootblack stand
at 16 Fifth avenue; Real Estate Owners' As
sociation, asking that taxation be kept within
the dollar limit and favoring electric lighting
for tho city Instead of gas, if cheaper; Scav
engers, asking for the return of $21 25 duplicate
payment for wagon licenses; Thomas Mullaney,
asking for the repair of Eighth avenue, between
Point Dobos and A street, and also the mac
adamizing of Eighth avenue; J. G. James, to
move a building from the southwest corner of
Stockton and Geary streets to Folsom, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth; J. R. Rlanchard,
asking for the rescinding of • the award for
grading Bernal Heights; Dr. C. C. O'Donnell,
for permission to immortalize himself by plac
ing a slab bearing his name In the sidewalk In
front of 1015 Market street; O. A. Rouleau and
others, searchers of records, for a hearing con
cerning the examination of land titles in matter
of tho panhandle extension; Federation of Mis
sion Clubs, asking action upon the recom
mendation of the Street Committee for calling
a special election to vote on the Issuance of
bonds for the extension of the park panhandle
be deferred a week; property owners for the
grading of Eighth avenue, between I and J
streets; property-owners, for the opening of
Duncan street, between San Jose avenue and
Valencia street; Manuel J. Hires, to grade and
macadamize by private contract Bennington
street, between Newman street and East ave
nue; Thomas McCoy, to construct a sewer In
Arlington street, between Roanoke and Natlck.
PROTESTS REFERRED. • :
The following protests were referred to the
proper committees: Fhebe J. Nichols against
the establishment of a hospital for Chinese at
832 Clay street; property owners against the
grading of Hearst avenue between Circular
avenue and Hamburg street; property owners
against the construction of a sewer in Dupont
street between Bay and North Point streets
and between North Point and Beach streets;
property owners against the construction of
sewers on Sunny-Ida avenue between Forester j
- — : •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
and Edna streets, Edna street between Sunny
side and Hearst avenues, between . Edna and
Detroit streets, crossing Edna street and
Hearst avenue, crossing ■of Hearst avenue
and Detroit street, Hearst avenue between
Detroit and Congo streets, crossing of Hearst
avenue and Congo street, crossing of Congo
street and Flood avenue, Congo street between
Flood and Circular avenues, crossing of Congo
Btreet and Circular avenue, Circular avenue
between Congo and Jarnac streets, crossing of
fcunnyslde avenue and Forester street; prop
erty owners against Chinese hospital at 932
Clay street; property owners against the pav
ing, etc., of King street between Second and
Third streets; Mrs. Harriet E. Moore against
awarding a permit to pave, etc., Church street
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets;
Louis Kidd against regradlng of Twenty
fourth avenue between A and C streets;
Julius TV rede against laying artificial stone
sidewalks on Union street between Powell and
Mason streets; property owners against laying
a sewer on Arlington street between Charles
and Miguel streets; Mrs. Lottie Roberts, man
ager of the Eureka Boys' Home, against per
mitting Mrs. John Pettee to investigate the
charitable institutions of the city; George In
wood against laying stone sidewalks on Union
street between Mason and Powell streets;
George F. Kelly against laying artificial stone
sidewalks on Linden avenue between Gough
and Octavla streets; property owners against
grading Chapultepec street between Virginia
and Eugenia avenues. The contract to Fllnn
A Treacy to pave with bitumen Broderick
street between Geary and Post streets was
ordered reconsidered and the firm released
from said contract.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions of intention to perform street
work were passed as follows: Rhode Island
street, - between Twenty-second and Twenty
third, grading, redwood curbs, rock gutter
ways and 10-lnch ironstone pipe sewer, with
four manholes and covers; Parnassus avenue
at a point 600 feet easterly from easterly line
of First avenue; Green street, between Fill
more and Stelner, granite curbs and stone
sidewalks and paving with bituminous rock;
southeasterly and southwesterly corners of
Green and Stelner streets, granite curbs and
artificial stone sidewalk; northwesterly corner,
cesspool, granite curbs, artificial stone side
walks and paving of roadway with bitumen;
Ninth avenue, between I and J streets, 8-inch
Ironstone pipe sewer; Crescent avenue, be
tween Holly street and a point ITS feet 6 inches
westerly from South avenue: southerly and
westerly portions of crossings of Ninth avenue
and I street, 8-lnch pipe sewer; 10-lnch pipe
sewer in easterly portion; cesspools, culverts,
granite curbs and plank sidewalks on north
easterly, southeasterly and southwesterly cor
ners and granite curbs and plank sidewalks on
northwesterly corner and crossing; 12-inch
sewer ln southerly and easterly portions of
intersection of Crescent avenue and Holly
street, with manhole, and northerly portion of
said intersection, and cesspools and culverts
on the northeasterly and northwesterly cor
ners: Clinton Park, between Valencia and
Guerrero streets, granite curbs where not laid
now and paving with bitumen; Golden Gate
avenue, between Baker and Lyon streets, gran
ite curbs where not already laid and paving
with bitumen.
STREET "WORK ORDERED,
Resolutions ordering street work were passed
as follows: That Hank street, between Cort
land and Jefferson, be graded and macadamis
ed and sewers constructed therein; paving the
crossing of. Eighteenth and Eureka streets; lay
ing artificial stone sidewalk on Waller street,
between Fillmore and Stelner; curbing and
paving of Eighteenth street, between Clara and
Andrus streets; construction of artificial stone
sidewalk on the northeast corner of the cross
ing of McAllister and Buchanan streets; brick
sewer and manhole on Seventh street, from
Channel northwesterly to a point 120 feet from
Berry street.
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
The following contracts for street work were
awarded: Crossing of Fillmore and Page
streets, bitumen, Fllnn & Treacy, 2" cents
a square foot the plan of location of lines of
streets and avenues in the Rarnum Tract, as
prepared by the City Engineer, was approved;
the establishment of grades on all streets south
of the Park, where not established already;
as petitioned for by the residents, was referred
to the City Engineer for report as to expense,
and the action of the Superintendent of Streets
in directing the City Improvement Company to
place Front street, between Jackson and Pa
cific, and Merchant street, between Montgom
ery and Ban soma, on the street sweeping
schedule, was approved.
TIME EXTENSIONS GRANTED.
The following extensions of time on contracts
were granted: F, Head, ninety days, paving
Market street, between Valencia and Church:
Fltnn & Treacy, thirty days, paving Rush
street, between Kearny and Grant avenue;
same, thirty days, cesspools, etc., at the inter
section of Fourteenth street and Julian ave
nue; City Street Improvement Company, sixty
days, paving the crossing of Fourteenth and
Sanders streets.
FUI-:.. ACCEPTANCE.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were passed as follows: Capp street. Twen
tieth to Twenty-first, bitumen; Market street,
Church to Fifteenth, bitumen.
The -uckinan Contracting Company was
given permission to grade Buchanan street
from Hermann to Thirteenth; J. J. Do rig A
Co., ta pave with bitumen, Church street, be
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth, and the
Intersection of Church and Reservior streets.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the conditional acceptance of ivy avenue from
Buchanan to Webster streets, work thereon be
ing completed; also the granting of an exten
sion of thirty days on contract of Warren A
O' Medley to build a culvert across Mission
street at Canal.
STREET COMMITTEE'S REPORT.
The street committee made a report contain
ing the following recommendations: In favor
of the notification of firms and corporations
owning electric light wires to have representa
tives at the meeting of the committee Wedens
day afternoon, April 32, at 2 o'clock, with In
formation as to the time required by them to
place their wires underground; that a resolution
permitting all companies and corporations hav
ing lighting plants to erect poles for lighting
purposes outside the Are limits, to be In. I over
for a week to enable the Merchants' Associa
tion to report thereon; In favor c* stopping
further proceedings In regard to the work of
laying of a stone sidewalk on the southeast and
southwest corners of Helonp avenue and Fred
erick street, and ln starting work petitioned
for In lieu thereof; in favor of protests against
paving York street between Twenty-sixth and
Army, and of directing the Superintendent of
Streets to start the construction of a sewer
In said street; that the Mayor be authorized to
purchase the necessary property for the ex
tension of Twenty-fifth street for a sum not
exceeding $12,000.
ATTEMPT TO ORGANIZE
RIVAL NEWSBOYS' UNION
LIVELY MEETING OF THE OP-
POSING FACTIONS.
Artie Jelinski Unsuccessfully Dis
putes the Leadership Conferred
Upon Robert Wall by His
Election as President.
Over a hundred unkempt and uncontrol
lable newsboys assembled in the quarters
of the recently organized Newsboys'
Home at 549 Howard street last evening
In response to a call issued for a meet
ing to organize a newsboys' union. There
was trouble at the start, caused by the
efforts of rival factions, headed respec
tively by Robert Wall and Artie C. Je
llnski, to run things, and several times a
riot was only averted by the presence of
Policemen McCormick and McNamara,
detailed to preserve order by the fore
sight of Joe Simpson, the youthful man
ager of the home.
The trouble arose indirectly through the
rivalry of two evening papers.. About
two weeks ago a newsboys' union was
formed and Robert Wall elected presi
dent, defeating Artie Jellnski. The move
ment was engineered by one of the even
ing publications, and Jellnski, who Is em
ployed by the opposition sheet, refused to
abide by the result. He consulted Simp
son and the latter became convinced that
Jellnski would make a better president
than Wall. As a result last night's meet
ing was called, the purpose being to or
ganize a fresh union with Jellnski at the
head, Ignoring Wall's organization ,en
tirely. But the latter did not propose to
bo sidetracked, and when Simpson at
tempted to call the meeting to order Wall
disputed his right to do so, claiming that
privilege for himself, as the duly elected
president of the Newsboys' Union.
The crowd yelled for .wall, but Simp
son, with the aid of the police, finally in
duced Wall to waive his claim.
Wall's friends controlled the meeting,
and as It was evident after two hours
of wrangling that nothing could be ac
complished, Chairman Simpson an
nounced that another meeting would be
held at the same place to-morrow night
and he hoped only those would come who
desired to join union No. 2, with Jellnski
as president. - .
Before the meeting adjourned Mrs. Dr.
Morse, editor of the Coming Light, spoke
of her plan to inaugurate a movement for
a sick benefit fund for the newsboys. She
said she would devote one issue of her
paper for the good of the movement and
give the boys one-half of the receipts.
As the boys filed out of the place a cob
blestone came hurling through the win
dow, smashing the glass and narrowly
missing the heads of two lads. An at
tempt will be made to exclude Wall and
his cohorts from the meeting to-morrow,
so that the organization of the new union
may be perfected without interference on
their part. •
After Ah Tow's Assailant.
The police of the Chinatown squad are
in hopes of locating the man who mur
derously assaulted Ah Tow in Ross al
ley Saturday night. He Is known as a
desperate highbinder, and while the po
lice are positive that he has not yet left
the city his exact whereabouts is not
known. The union of which Ah Vow is
a member promises to prosecute the
case.
RTTRAL FREE DELIVERY.
Special Agent Houpt Will Extend It
in California,
Special Agent Thomas H. Houpt of the
Postoffice Department arrived here yes
terday from Washington, D. C, and is
a guest at the California. Mr. Haupt is
one of ten special agents who are en
gaged in establishing rural free delivery
of mail throughout the United States, and
his territory embraces the Pacific States.
In discussing the question last night, Mr.
Haupt said:
"Through the earnest efforts of First
Assistant Postmaster General Heath, who
Is an enthusiast on the subject, rural free
delivery, which was an experiment four
years ago, is now an assured success.
The first appropriation for the purpose in
1896 was $10,000. It was increased to $50,000
in 1897, $150,000 in 1898 and this year it is
$300,000.
"There have been thirty-three route
established ln the section under my con
trol, and I have come' here to extend the
system. Santa Rosa has three services,
taking in thirty square miles of house to
house delivery; Napa, ono service of eight
square miles, and Petaluma, one of the
same area. An experimental star route
free delivery is also- in operation from
Redwood City to Pescadero. Santa Clara
County has eleven routes and I will es
tablish another one out of San Jose.
Santa Barbara also has one and I will
visit Gilroy, Red Bluff and Pomona to
consider applications that have been
made by those towns for the service. The
routes out of Berryessa, Pinto, West Side,
Campbells and Los Gatos are entirely suc
cessful.
"The system has given general satis
faction wherever inaugurated. Subscribe
ers to metropolitan newspapers get their
papers by mail several hours ahead of
the time "they did when they were sent
by express, and this has resulted in in
creased subscriptions. The mall carrier
is generally a local man who knows the
country and Is provided with a map of
the district. The patrons are required to
place a box alongside of the fence for
the reception of letters and in the event
of their having mail matter to send away
they display a small flag for the benefit
of tne carrier. The latter Is placed under
bonds of $500 for the faithful performance
of his duty."
Assaulted With a Knife.
Andrew Chinj?uro, a scavenger, living
at 1314 Stockton street, rushed Into the
California-street police ptriflon last night
with blood pouring from two ugly gashes
in his face. He said he went to call upon
a friend, and that the friend attempted
to rob him. In the mix-up a knife was
drawn and Chinguro was stabbed twice
in the face. Tie was sent to the Harbor
Hospital! where his injuries were
dressed. They are not of a serious na
ture.
iit_g___^ ,B^^A%_ W-i
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
-YBUJ of FIOS, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting-
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing fig. < -
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LOUISVILLE, XT. NEW YORK, N. Y.
For sale by all Druggists.— Price SOc. per bottle.
sw^£\^ WHEN YOU
Require an EL2C-
EjjlL^^-gSTRIC BELT get "Dr.
?^^^S^^l_^|pC Pierces" you will
"^ _ X no * "** disappointed.
tyfflr Call or address PIEHCE
'.» ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Hut**- (opp. Pilacs Rote), S. F.
y-"""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
._-*. _-Ufl_- G25 KEARNY ST. Established
BFir____ '" I***" for the treatment of Private
BE If^jmtf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
• _S_«s^ r^_k disease wearing on bodyand mind and
-'•&__-__! .*Skln Diseases. I'he doctor cures when
t?w*___£_3i_ "there fall. Try him. Charges low
i *ssS_*__— a (uiT«K u aranteed. Call orwrltn.
' Sir. J. _". MIBBOIT, IS--- 1037. Sao Francisco,
| Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA HITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
■tr>-_*_ to >€_uai organ-. Depot. Ml Mark-L
OCEAN TRAVEL.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW TORK-PARIS— LONDON— HAMRURQ.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW TORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW PARIS— HAMBURG.
* Br-tiIiMNING APRIL 29th tho Steam-
ers of thla Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to Hamburg.
For Ballings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLT.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East st.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR (J. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
„ Steamer "Montlcello." ;•
Will be laid oft the route for general repairs
for about 10 days, commencing Monday night.
AprU 10, 1.58. ,
LUNCH TIME TOO SHORT.
(*-» -rfSj, A\ ' ' ■ "*" home-keeping friend of mine and I took
-*" TJJ 1 iF*vA * (V fc ' lunch the other day. He had never been out
If ] vj?__:"*v_ li * |l of the Stat'* of Ohio, while I was just back from
j, •\* / '* ffu il |1 three years' residence and travel in India.
] - / j •"-*'/ l ~" — -""* i | "Now," said my innocent companion as he
■*%A>>^X j i| sipped his coffee, "we have half an hour yet
I Jy" XN^-vVTI """ " *._' I****?*! before us; suppose you tell me all about India,
fl y/\i\ - IV • *hi/) You talk and I'll listen."
| ■^y s_» ( Ifff**- * IjZ^ -_,-, U' Jl An attack of lockjaw could not have
£ vj\ i) \ ****•• ift\ f ~~^\ I "T*V? " ' shut off my speech more completely. At last
ri\2 y g> 11l if \ / 4-! ' 1 " V -— ___3L____ * managed to articulate: "Excuse me; it's
Yfy "_7Ai "i^-Vv I /t-VD ***\ A tJ\"»iil« < -gg-g-_-i-i-r' too big a subject. Come to me some time
i £$«, jVf •^^o***^_-"*r?/v^< O v^*_4t\ rH -* when we can both spare an entire month, and
_^**flV_. r/'x! /^^_Jx V-4 si** •■ >-*^>-v I'll 9? * t '-- lnvest the whole of it in telling you a part
Jf^l I C^Jg^^ M _-/ /^-- ♦ j' . --'  of what little I know about India."
mV/_^i_7^ _v I r&i) ***\ /T TvV^'nltf *g*_a_i-c'i j too big a subject. Come to me blessed time
i 2*5. )-I V*>_-r /?>/ o v^__i? I'll _•" when we can both spare an entire month, and
_rf**'Mvi -_?3 **te, / s^-_v 0-4 _J > • />"\. Ml 9? ■"•*•"* invest the whole of it in telling you a part
-S* I *^/ \ y'/'W*. X^i i'**?-*?**--!-'-^ wLs sS^~ L 1 - of what little I know about India."
/f^L •_. i\_^rVi\/ And yet lam confronted this blessed mo-
ri If .-£ \lnlr\ n r\ /X*& \ ' vfr \ /-/' a/ 5 - m<?nt with a task even more puzzling and com-
y^X JU 1 \i«\\\ll\/ < l vo i 1-. ''X ZJ /^s\nf[\\M plicated— to tell a *- about the human liver.
m S J \ |V.\/iM_M \lr *5 I \^/ s o/'-v \9il^^*rS Nothing could be better, if It were possible.
HI/ "**l \ I r» Jr' \?_4 m I v*v V \. -j*-=*< __]| But lt * snt; not at one siting. So I will turn
— 77^*^1 'A V J* I » \ l__*^T_l this man ' s letter over to you exactly as he
o\i l ( /v_\\j__ /p / __^-9^cs./i t I L llj& ll» wrote it, and perhaps venture a word or two
I j S=^__—__> ' - '"* < *•••*•— •*~v I / / p""**- 1 V.I In "Several years ago I found myself in such a
V\ v, -- '■ ' " «_s^^a_> _/* > rrvT^eS. /s^*_. / /'_• fal ' 111 condition that I could neither sit, stand or lie
W 7r*v- ■" <__^**>Q / /Jk // *_ /_?]] ID without great pain. My nights were full of suf-
_JJ ;f l ' i — " — 1 — \ '*! / [ Y)\ Xu. fering. I would roll from side to side tn vain
( . || i " I ) I j 11 I; i •>_> jT YvW-^rK) efforts to secure an easy position, so I could
' 1 J. .1 1 . ■ I I ij J/^y-jj^A -_-^» ra^\e4& go to slee P* But every turn of my body
J I * -11/ 11/sfvA 7 Kvt^^liXX seemed to cause me more pain than the last.
/ | , I ' / // I\\ Mi (li /i__i / •'JH 116 experience was bo continuous that I used
I _><S_< ! S_.-* V / //' •*] IV I\\ fifcJ^ \ to dread to have the night come.
' *AYi^' ll ' f/\\ II r\ 'jf / 'A "In the morning the pain would catch ma
/ y > \ 'li J, * /vJ\J I / V VI 1 _Xfr- ln the back of the head and give me SU(i<3en
r [/ J\ I Jj /y//v\_.) L \^-—_--* > I \jr \ \ twists in the back of the neck. It took all tha
/ / vJ 7 /// \ XT/ " r-T* 1 1 1 courage I could muster to get out of bed at all.
' / 1 *| " -J V fTj When I tried to stand erect on my feet it felt
N y I | '■ l[ as though knives wero piercing my thighs and
x^ « ' * legs.
"During the day I would have attacks in my spine which Involved my head and seemed to extend to all the leading nerves
ln my body. These attacks were often so sudden they made me dizzy. I lost my appetite and was disqualified for mental ef-
fort. I felt so dull and heavy In both mind and body that I lost all Interest in everything. I was moody, disheartened and
discouraged. To me the future appeared as unwholesome and discolored as my own yellow skin and eyes.
"Many people had recommended Warner's Safe Cure to me, and I made up my mind to try it. The result was beyond my
expectations or hopes. Up to that time I had been In such misery that I would alternately stand on one foot and then on the
other to ease the pain, but before I had finished the first bottle of the Safe Cure I felt a change for the better. After having
taken five bottles in all— a time covering perhaps as many weeks— the pain was entirely gone and I enjoyed the unspeakable
blessing of good health. From these facts, when people ask me my opinion of Warner's Safe Cure, you can imagine what my
answer Edmund Stevens Jacques, Wayne avenue, Germantown, Pa." j .___-___
Now if the reader will lend me his ears for a minute I will say a few plain words suggested by the above letter.
The complaint which gave Mr. Jacques such an unhappy experience was that form of rheumatism commonly called sciat-
ica. Few diseases are more painful and prostrating. Our friend has in no way exaggerated the torments which it la capable
of Inflicting. If the ancient Inquisitors, who sought to correct heresy by means of bodily pain, could have imposed at will the
agonies of acute rheumatism they might have spared themselves the use of the rack, the thumbscrew, the boot and others
of their amiable devices. For few men but would change their creed quicker than a wink to get rid of this variety of torture.
Now here is the point ln a nutshell: All forms of rheumatism and gout are caused by the poison known as uric acid; and
uric acid Is produced ln the system and retained there by a torpid liver. Paste this fact up on the walls of your memorj-,
where you can see it at a glance, as you are not likely to get hold of any more important information this year.
In other words, cure liver and kidney complaint and you cure rheumatism, gout, sciatica and most other kinds of nerve
pain. And the agent to do it with is Warner's Safe Cure. This shows why, as I said at the outset, Liverland is a bigger
country than India v--'" ':-"■ .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
IF~YOU WANT TO SEE
SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
Try the
MEJCICAN TOUR.
You Can
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid in GO-cent Mexican dollars.
Buy your ticket over the
MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
For rates and further Information address
C. E. MINER.
G. W. P. Agent, R. 209, Houser bldg., St.
Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK,
A. G. P. A., City of Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday^
Bept. 11. 1893: '';•'„• ; .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Bundays— B:oo. 10:00, il:S0 a. m.. 1:18 p. na.
Round trip from Mill Valley. 11. _,_,..
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. «_. Mark*
■gtreet, Ban Francisco. ' •
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
W^ Steamers leave Broadway
■fcj-j^ wharf, San Francisco:
f**2r-Jfi£§!. For Alaskan ports. ID a. m..
■__-_.__*__. Apr. 1. 6 11. 16. 21. 21, May 1:
' l_____f_Ca chanrre at Seattle.
! _____KH ml For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Eggflßl C), Port To-rnsend. Seattle.
r^^-^K__K9_ Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. m.. Apr. 1, 8, li, 18. 21.
28, May 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : nt Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Ray), 2 p. m.. Apr. 4,
9. 14. 19, 24. 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford 'San Luis Obispo).
Oavlnta, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Fan Pedro. East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6, 10, 14, 18. 22, 28,
80. May 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8, 12, 16,. 20. 24, 23, May 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Fn«enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jone del
Cabo, Ma.atlan, Altata, La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC $1 2 First Class Including Berth-
TrinC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March it. 24; April 3, 11, 21.
Plate of California sails March 13. 19; April
8. IS, 18.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
H. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE-
NEW YORK, SOO-HAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12|St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May 19
New York April 28 St. Paul ...May 17
RED STAR LINE,
New York an 'l Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12|Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19 Friesland May 10
Kensington April .8 Southwark May It
EMPIRE LIINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
10 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
P_- — — S. B. Mariposa
~ftifc!&__&! "ails via Honolulu
•X™""" and Auckland for
M ™ Sydney Wednesday,
/a_/-**| *^\ April 19, at 10 p. m.
iSfMmShiri-) The S. S. Australia
CylMlllJllllJ*-*' Ba tiß for Honolulu
(sfflE-.n_L. "Wednesday, May 3. at
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers ' for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ' v.; -■
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 13
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May <
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, June 1
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
> W. B. CURTIB, General Agent.
GOMPAGNIE OENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to. HAVRE-PARIS. .*_■«»-
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. — *-*-_*->
from Pier 42, North River, foot of _^_---_
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. April 15; LA
TOURAINE. April 22: LA GASCOGNE, April
29; LA NORMANDIE. May 6; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, May 13. First-class to Havre, $05
and upward, 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-class to Havre, $45, 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 8
Bowling Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI ft
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San Francisco. S. iv
X ATT, BO A3. TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Cff.
I___iSS __)__>
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COViPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
\V_EK DAYS— 7:BO. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturday.— trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.! 1:80, 8:30,
6:00, 0:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO. 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 18:46.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
PUND AYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40,
6:00, 6:2* p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sohuetsen Parle
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
. Ootober 18, ■
Wee- I Sun- 1898. Ban- j Week
Days. Days. j Destination, days. I days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:39 am: Petaluma 6:10 10:25 am
5:10 pm 6:00 pnv Santa Rosa, [ 7:35 pm 6:.2 pra
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor. 10:15 am
i Fulton,
Windsor. 10:85 a_n
Hesldsburg,
Lytton,
Oeyserville,
8:80 pmi 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
. — .. !■ n : ■• ■
Hopland and
7:80 am Ukiah. 7:85 pm 6:22 pra
7:10 am [ •*"*•» 10:25 ara
8:00 am Gurneyvllle. 7:35 pmj
8:10 pm 6:28 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:35 am
8:10 pm| 6:00 pmj 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprings; at Lytton for Lytton Spring.*, at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Oeysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland ' Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs Saratoga
Bprlngß, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Bprings, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter , Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's,
Banhedrln Heights, Hullviiie, Boonertlla, Orr's
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
We«tport, Usal. .Willitts. IxiytonvUls. Cum.
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at. half rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, H. X. RYAN, '
General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent,
California
limited
Santa _c Route
Connecting: Owl Train Loaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following* Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— In New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DININO CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Oar and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FHABCISCO lIC„ETIrTICE--BZa HUIH-Sl
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offloa— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAl___!T
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— »7:2O. •9:80, 11:00 a. m.; •_:_*,
8:45, 6:16, »6:00, 4:80 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - »8:00. «.0:00. -.1:30 a. m.; *1:16.
8:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:25, •6:85. 7:45. **9:80 a. m.;
.2:20, 2:20, '3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. •8:00. »10:00. -1*65 a. m.:
•1:15, »3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
12:35, 2:45. 8:50, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. ; 12:06. 1:20. 8:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAR JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899. trains will run as follows!
' South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. PasMn-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally,
■ 7:90 am 10:30 am Stockton 1:46 pm 6:00 pm
1:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 18:40 pm 4:13 pro
10:40 am 6:B} pm Fresno 9:80 an. 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pra Hanford 7:4$ am 1:43 pro
2:35 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pra Vlsalia 8:40 am 1:22 pm
13:16 pm 6:63 pm Tulare 6:60 am 1:06 pm
i Stopping at lntermeu.att points aa required. '
, For particulars of stage and other oonnectlond
Inquire at .Yaffle Manager's Offlcs. 821 Marks!
-iit-t. &-_ F.___-____
AUCTION SALES.
• - — — — — __,
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
-To. 39 C3______ _■ ST.,
"WILL RE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Creditors.
COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1839.
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until all are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE!
GOODS, OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRONZES, EBONY GOODS
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS, SILKS, SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR, SILK BEDSPREADS, ROBES, JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
FURNITURE AND CARPETS.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY) AT 11 A. _£.
122 ELEVENTH ST., NEAR MISSION.
NEW FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY) AT 2 P.M.
14 ERIE ST.. NEAR MISSION AND 13TH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 667 Market st.
-1
RAILROAD T_-AV__L.
■HIITHIKM PACIFIC t'OMPAKT.
(PACIfIC BTBTBM.)
Train, lenve mill ni*« ilue to nrrlve at
MAN A. «*««►.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Aran. 9, 1899. — abriv_
*6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *9:43_
7 :00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 5:45 _•
7:OOa Marysville, Orovilleaud Redding via
Woodland s:__f
7:OOa Elmlra, Vacavllle and Rumsey 9:4-P
7:_Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Catistosa and Santa Rosa 6il__>
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogileu and East.. _:_•">_>
■i'lOa Sau Jose. Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacraineuto, Placerville,
Marysville, Chlco, Red Bluff 4:15*»
9:80 a •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora _-l-P
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 18:15]-
-iOOa Fresno, Bakersfleld. Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Doming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:43?
lOiOOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:.-_*
I!I:OOm Niles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Visalia,
Porterville 4:l__*
•liOOp Sacramento River Steamers *B>oor ,
4:o«ir Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga, Santa Rosa 0:15 a
_:OOr Benicia, Vacavllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marjrsvilie, Oroville 10:45* '
4:HOp Nllea, San Joseand Stockton *7-15r .
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Cur for Raymond 12:13» .
9:00p The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfleh., San- .*-
-ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:45_.
•JSiOOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East tS:4s__
S:80p Stockton, Merced. Fresno 18:l5p '.
s:_Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and l.os Angeles 8:13 a
SiSOp Santa Fo Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 6:43
OtOOp European Mall, Ogdeu and Hast.... 9:45 a I
6ioop Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43_.
•6iooi* Vallejo 18:1
7ioor Oregon Sacrnineuto, Marys- • •-.?.-
-ville, Redding, Portland, Puget
.Sound and Kast 7:43_,
J8:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tl<»* ! »4»-'
flOiOSp Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 11:45p>
SAN LKAMtIIO AM) HAYWARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I Melrose, Seminary Park, f StMA
BiOOa .'ltchliurg, Klmnurst, Ms 1 3a,
49i00a Sail Leaiirtro, South San (»U:45..
lO.OOa Leandro, Kstuiilllo, l«t_9*
<] i 1:OOa ■ Urenio, Cherry ■ x ***-
f_:oOp -„,* V: 1«:45p
7,o °' i Runs through to Niles. «_ 12'
) t From Miles. ( ' ** ar
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lange).
(Foot of Market Street.) <
17:45 a Banta Crus Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:o3r
SilSANewark.Oenterville.SanJose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 5:50r
*-«-Br Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MO-SOA
-»15r Bsn Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9i2oa
Mils? Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
| tions /9:20 A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frail 811 ratSCISCO— Knot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00»._. Jl:flO *2:00 t3:09
•*:00 »:00 •8:00p._.
FrsaOllUllD— Foot sfßresdwsy.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00..-.
412:00 »1:00 18:00 -3:00 14:00 "S:COr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend 3ta) __^
•6iloa South San Francisco *6:3o_>
•7iOOa Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:80p
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Banta Cruz, Pnciflij Grove and
Principal Way Stations JjB:33_-
-9i6oa Ban Jose, Tres Piuos. Santa Cruz,
racllio Grovo, Paso Robles, San ■
Luis Oklapo, Guadalupe. Surf and
Prinolpal Way Stations 4:10p
lOi4oa Ban Jose and Way Stations •BiOO\
11:80 a Ban Jose and Way Stations SiSOp-
*9i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
■ Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
". / Grove... "10:36 a
•_iA-r Ban Jose and Way Stations *l»:i>0\
•4:15p Ban Joseand Principal Way Stations- 0:45 a
•3:OOp Sau Joee and Principal Way Stations 41:30 A
5:80r Ban Jose ami Principal Way Stations "H:33a.
6:80p San Joseand Way Stations 7:3o_>
f11:45p San Jose and Way StaUons 7:SOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon -
* SundavN excepted, t Sunday only, t Saturdays onlgs,
•JMondays only. (Saturday and Sunday.
V--nd_y and -toads*
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
ROASTED HIS
FLOCK FOR NOT
RAISING SALARY
Now Pastor Burnett Is Out
and Union Church Is
Closed.
Death of Two Trustees Said to Be a Judg
ment on San Lorenzo for Its
Religious Indifference.
The portals of the cozy little Union Church in San Lorenzo
aTe closed indefinitely. Its pastor, Rev. E. L. Burnett, struck for
higher salary, and is now looking about for a job. His resignation,
which, according to reliable sources, was asked for by the church
trustees last January, has been hastened on account of a stinging
sermon on '•Proportionate Giving" delivered by the reverend gen
tleman on Palm Sunday, wherein he intimated that the church so
ciety was ungodly, and that providence had wreaked a vengeance
upon the community by removing through death Robert Watson
and C. S. King, two of the strongest pillars and trustees of the
church. As a result, the chur* ; folks of the picturesque village are
in a fever of excitement and half suppressed indignation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 10.
The underlying secret ln the resignation
j_f Rev. E. L. Burnett as pastor of the
Union Church at San Lorenzo leaked out
•to-day and has created a sensation in re
ligious circles. When Rev. Mr.
'Burnett came to California nearly
three years ago to assume charge
of the pastorate at San Lorenzo
ills salary was fixed at $r>o per month.
His predecessor had received $1000 per an
mum; but the drought came along, grass
.became short and money likewise, so the
church trustees— Bowers, N. Mc-
Conaghy, Captain William Roberts, Pres
ton Crane, Robert Watson and C. S. King
—declared that $60 per month would be
the limit. However, should the church
grow, the salary was to be Increased pro
portionately.
The new pastor had brought with him
his family, comprising his wife and five
?Tbe Church That Was Closed After Its Pastor's
Search)ir)g Sern)OQ.
-laughters. They were soon ensconsed in |
f the comfortable parsonage adjoining the
■church edifice, and during the family's so
journ they have drawn about them a large
■circle of friends. The daughters are very
(popular, the two eldest attending Mills
.Seminary.
Peace and harmony were the rule in the
pastorate until a few months ago, when
Rev. Mr. Burnett began losing hopes that
his salary would ever increase. The
amount was a very material drop from
-what he had received while in charge of
A Presbyterian church In Binghamton, N.
Y. Finally losing all patience, Rev. Mr.
Burnett frequently wove into his sermons
_tljuslons to his small salary, and early In j
January last a clash came. During the
same month j.vobert Watson, one of the
church trustees, passed over to the silent
majority, and a month later another trus
tee, C. L. King, followed him to the grave.
About this time a meeting of the remain
ing trustees was called and Rev. Mr. Bur
nett presented his resignation, which was
to take effect May 1.
On Palm Sunday the pastor preached a
sermon on "Proportionate Giving." The
church was crowded and his words
"reached home.": Since then neither ho
nor any member of his family has entered
the church building. There was no dis
play of Easter bonnets on Sunday a week
ago, and yesterday there was no regular
worshiping. What Rev. Mr. Burnett ot
tered during the course of his last sermon
is best told by Mrs. C. L. King, widow of
the late trustee.
"The whole affair is the result of a
misunderstanding," said Mrs. King to
day. "You see Rev. Mr. Burnett has
looked for a raise ln salary, but the
church trustees could not see their way
cjear to grant this. So, on Palm Bun
day, the pastor took occasion to scorch
the congregation. He reprimanded the
society, and stated that God had pun
ished the community for its lack of In
terest by removing two of the main
pillars or the church— my husband and
Mr. Watson. He said he had been deep
,ln debt ever since coming here, owing to
his small salary.
"Of course, he had been worrying over
the matter until he was driven nearly
crazy. He is a very competent, highly
'educated man, and his family is large:
but he kept on referring to his small sal
ary in his sermons until it really be
came unpleasant and unbearable.
"So I understand the trustees met and
decided to give the pastor a month's sal
ary In advance— for April— give him
la month's vacation, so that he might
•look about for his future welfare."
Another church-goer who declined to
jglve his name states that Rev. Mr. Bur
nett had said in his last sermon that tne
society which provides the salary Is un
godly, and that Providence had punished
the community by the death of Trustees
King and Watson.
Preston Crane, who Is also clerk of the
onion Church, was reticent. He stated
that there was no trouble; that Rev. Mr.
Burnett had been a very satisfactory
pastor and that he did not know why
he had resigned. "Of course," said Mr.
Crane, "you will always find some who
take exceptions to a minister's remarks.
They hate the truth. Rev. .Mr. Burnett
Is a man of splendid character, and there
no Brown scandal here. We .lust wish to
be left alone. We gave our pastor a
month's salary in advance, together with
a month's vacation. No, we have not de
cided upon his successor."
According to a young lady, another at
tendant at Rev. Mr. Burnett's church,
"the pastor's sermon was such a scorch
er that Mr. Crane wriggled in his seat
so nervously and seemed so worked up
that he didn't know what to do."
W. M. Doyle, principal of the San Lor
enzo public school, is also a frequent vis
itor at the church. When asked why the
church held no regular services yester
day he said: "Yes, it is closed." The !
preacher is out of a job. He struck for j
higher wages. To tell the truth, he lias ]
rather run to seed."
Rev. Mr. Burnett was not at home. He j
is now enjoying his vacation, but Mrs. '
Burnett was seen and vigorously denied
there had been any dissatisfaction.
"The attitude of the congregation after
the sermon." said Mrs. Burnett, "was
pleasant and we heard of no complaints.
My husband resigned last January, and
I did not learn of this until my return
recently from the East. 1 never did want
him to stay here.
"Our church is a union church, attend
ed by people of all creeds, and by some j
who have none.
"Yes. Mr. Burnett expects to remove |
to another charge in this State. I am i
sorry to say. I do not like California, i
anyway. Its papers are too sensational,
and I have never permitted my children
to read them. We are preparing te
leave Ban Lorenzo now."
NOW FOR RETRENCHMENT*
Oakland's Council Acts School Board
Committees.
OAKLAND, April 10.— The City Council j
: met to-night and passed all the ordi- |
nances and resolutions necessary to carry
out the retrenchment policy of Mayor
Snow. Tim Holland, night watchman of!
the City Hall, was removed and Frank |
: Colvln appointed to the vacancy.
Councilman Cuvellier Introduced a reso-
I lution ca'linff for an investigation and a
I report on the practicability of the city
owning a water distributing system and
j receiving a supply from some mountain
system. Cuvellier wanted the resolution
! referred to the Fire and Water Commit
! tee, but Stetson urged that the matter go
; to the Public Improvement Committee,
and an amendment to that effect intro
duced by Barstow was carried. Cuvellier
j also Introduced resolutions prohibiting mi
i decent mutoscopes, klnetoscopes and ob
i scene phonographs. All were referred to
i their proper committers.
The Board of Education held a short
meeting , to-night, and president John
Hues appointed the following standing
committees: Rules and Regulations—
i Wilcox, Knox and Rutherford. Classifi
: cation— Powell. Gray and Prloe. School
houses and Bites— Randolph, Menges and
Wilcox. Furniture and Bupplles—
ford, Redlngton and Powell. High School
1 —Wakefield, Gray and Knox, Evening
i School— Redlngton, Price and Menges.
Finance— Redlngton and Wakefield.
; Judiciary— Price, Powell and Wakefield.
j Industrial Education— Knox, Wilcox and
Randolph. Observatory— Menges, Ran
-1 dolph and Rutherford.
Died by His Engine.
OAKLAND, April 10.— George H. Ed
wards, who for five years has been en
gineer of the Piedmont car house, dropped
dead this morning just after stopping his
engine. Edwards was apparently in his
usual health up to the moment of his
death, which is attributed -to heart fail
ure. The deceased was a member of the
Sons of St. George and of the United
Workman.
Abe Schwartz Acquitted.
OAKLAND, April 10.— Abe Schwartz,
son of the bookmaker, was acquitted of
the charge of grand . larceny by Judge
Stetson this morning. Schwartz was ac
cused of stealing a handful of money from
Johnny Coleman, a gambler at the race
track, on April l. . .
THE SA_N FKAjMOISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
SHOT WHILE
MAKING LOVE
TO A WIDOW
Mrs. Curtice Lands in
Jail. ,
LEHN WAS INFATUATED
WAS TRYING TO ENTER HER
ROOM WHEN WOUNDED.
Now That He Fears Blood-Poisoning
He Has Sworn Out a Warrant
Charging a Serious
Crime.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 10.
Mrs. Lillian E. Curtice resents the ar
dent love making of Charles Lehn, a
Southern Pacific baggageman. That is
the reason she gives for being arrested
to-day and put In the City Prison.
Mrs. Curtice is a widow, and Saturday
afternoon she had occasion, she says, to
shoot at Mr. Lehn. The bullet lodged In
his leg, and as he fears blood poisoning
and possibly death he had his assailant
arrested.
Lehn and his 18-year-old daughter lodge
with Mrs. Curtice and her daughter at
IOCS Twelfth avenue. Mrs. Curtice Is an
attractive widow of middle age. Satur
day noon Lehn went to his lodgings, de
siring to have a conversation with the
widow. She declined to receive him in
her room and told him to leave or she
would shoot. He did not leave at once,
bo the lady opened the door slightly and
fired at him. The bullet plowed through
the calf of his leg. This is Lehn's story.
Mrs. Curtice says that Lehn, apparently
infatuated with her, was trying to force
an entrance to her room. She warned
him to desist, telling him she had a load
ed gun for Intruders. Lehn did not de
sist. "He went to the kitchen and re
turned with a knife, with which he cut
the cord fastening the folding doors.
Again 1 warned him to go away, but he
kept on, and then 1 shot through an
opening ln the door. I did not try to kill
htm, for I aimed only at his hand. The
bullet struck the walnscoating and de
flected, so that it had not much force
when it struck Lehn. The only reason I
kept him was because he paid for his
board and room regularly, and his daugh
ter was a companion for us."
This morning Lehn, who had previous
ly told Sergeant Scanlon that he would
not prosecute, as he wished to avoid no
toriety, appeared at the Police Court and
charged the widow with assault with a
deadly weapon. There were no witnesses
to the shooting, and consequently no evi
dence except the testimony of the love
lorn baggageman and the widow.
WATER COMPANIES
TO MEET TODAY
DINGEE AND ROSE WILL BE
ELECTED DIRECTORS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.;' :■..«. •;. 908 Broadway, April 10.
To-morrow the most important annual
meeting- ln the history of the Contra
Costa Water Company will be held. At
this meeting a new board of directors will
be elected and the new Oakland Water
Company will formally die.
The new beard of directors Is in doubt.
There is no programme simply because
there cannot be owing to the mystery
which attache, to the ownership of large
block- of the shares, which have recent
ly changed hands. The stock market for
the past few months has shown that on
an average of 100 shares a day has been
sold, and if all these little blocks have
been cerraled by one interest, it may en
tirely change the complexion of the
board of directors when It is voted to
morrow.
It is agreed upon at present that W. J.
Dlngee and his business associate, Mr.
Rose, shall have place, on the board, of
which there are seven members. It is
believed that Henry Pierce will he re
elected president and J. H.i T. Watkinson
manager.
The terms of the consolidation have
been already published, and there is not
a shade of doubt but that everything re
garding the combination will go through
according to programme. The new stock
to be issued to Mr; Dingee and Mr. Hay«
ward Will be ready by the Ist of May, at
which date one or the other of the two
water companies' offices will be closed
and all the business will be done across
the street: c '
Brutally Beaten.
BERKELEY, April 10.— The police are
searching the county for Frank Skeats,
charged with brutally beating Alkee Pof
fenberger In a drunken brawl last night.
Poffenberger was one of a party of six
or seven men who had been drinking
heavily at a saloon in West Berkeley last
night. They started for home about 1
o'clock In the morning; When in the
neighborhood ef University and San
Pablo avenues an altercation ensued, In
which Skeats and Poffenberger took the
part of the principals. It is not known
Who was the assailant: Skeats dealt his
man several terrific blows and beat him
severely on the head with seme hard In
strument; Poffenberger, at the end of
the fight, lay senseless on the ground;
Skeats made a hasty escape and is now
being pursued.
TWO 810 EVENTS.
Reliance Club Has a Boxing Tourna
ment To-Night.
OAKLAND, April 10,— To-morrow night
the Reliance Club will hold a boxing
night. A fine programme has been ar
ranged, consisting of two tryouts between
Joe Keating and Henry Martin, weight
148 pounds! Al Cohen and Jack Kurnane,
weight 115 pounds two eight-round goes
for decisions between Jack McMahon and
William Ensbury, weight 125 pounds, and
Harry Pigeon and Muse La Fentlse,
weight 142 pounds.
The last event is creating a great deal
of interest and lots of money will change
hands on this event. Both men are in
fine condition, having trained for a month
for this go. La jPonuse trained at Bootz's
Park odt near Ocean View and Pigeon at
the Oakland track.
A Bad Bicycle Collision.
ALAMEDA, April 10.— Frank BirmV of
I 1104 Court street was seriously injured to
j day while riding on his bicycle in a col
i lision with another" wheelman, who dis
| appeared before his identity was discov
ered. The accident occurred at the corner
i of Central avenue and Broadway. Blma
I was thrown violently from his wheel and
sustained a fracture of the left arm and
| several severe bruises. The man with
I whom he collided did not wait to ascer
-1 tain tho extent of Blma's injuries, but
j rode away as rapidly as possible.
. « ♦ . —
! William Pann'B Sudden Death.
HAYWARDS. April 10.— William Pann,
eldest son of Chief Engineer Pann of the
< Haywards Fire Department, died sudden
ly Sunday night of heart disease. He was
only sick a few hours and was but 26
years old. The deceased was grand out
-1 side sentinel of the Y. M. I.
~a~
j . Official Postoffice Paper.
OAKLAND, April 10.— The first Issue of
I "Our Facing Slip," a paper to be known
as the official bulletin of the Postoffice
has been issued by Postmaster Friend. It
contains information and data regarding
the local mail service, postage rates, etc..
and la edited, by Oliver Pe_igo.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVE-).
Monday, April 10.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 67 hours from Re
dondo.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. i-;\} \
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed April Stmr Jes
sie, from Baltimore, for Arahuus.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— April Schr
Mary Etta and schr Bender Brothers, hence
April 8.
Sailed April 6chr Monterey, for San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Arrived April 10— Br ship Olive
bank and bark Tidal Wave, from Port Town
send : _tmr Washtenaw, hence April 7.
Sailed April 10— Ship Standard, for Honolulu.
MEETING . NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R.~-A. M., ft
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- __#%_,
ING, April 11, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. Ttjrf!
degree. By order of the H. P. /V»
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. ■
M. Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) __#%_.
EVENING, April 11, at 7:30 o'clock. jCjf
D 1. GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. /NT >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M. F. C. degree THIS (TUESDAY) __**_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. »__K
/■..;.. A. 8. HUBBARD, Secretary. /NT >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A M.. __
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING. __fV
7:30 o'clock. 1 D. 7__sf
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec, f**^
ORDER Eastern Star— Members of th« v_r
Grand Chapter will attend the funeral _J9L
of our sister. MARY A. SMITH, Past *V*
Grand Treasurer, THIS DAY, from her ■ w :
residence, 18 Franklin st., at 2 o'clock p. m.
KATE J. WILLATS, Grand Secretary.
O. F. C— The Grand Council of California,
Order of Chosen Friends, will convene ln
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building. Market
and Seventh sts.. TUESDAY, April 11. at 10
o'clock a. m. sharp.
S. C. WALLIS, Grand Recorder.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock in the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
- United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
i use ln the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and . all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
' acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. 11. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
1 ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 318 3d st.
.BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Call-
• fornia, room 238, Crocker building, Ban Fran-
cisco. Cal., April 8, 1899— Coupon due April
12, 1899, from First Mortgage Six (6) per cent
bonds of the Sierra Ry. Co. of Cal will be
paid at the fiscal agency of this company,
the Crocker-Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date.
S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
SITUATIONS WANTED--
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse "or housework; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations — Several flrst-class
cooks, chambermaids, waitresses, laundresses,
etc. Ladles can secure first-class help of all
nationalities by calling on or addressing
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian laundress desires
situation; best local references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone j
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
good references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and houseworker; $12 to $15. MRP. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
A YOUNG owe.ish girl wishes place to assist;
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
A COLORED woman with the best of city ref-
erences, first ''hiss cook and laundress; also a
young colored girl wishes place to assist. Ap-
ply MRS. NORTON, $13 Sutter st.
A NO. 1 second girl, also flrst-class Protestant
cook, best of references, desires situation. J.
F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position
as stenographer and typewriter; speaks
French; good penman: references; Box
948. Call. ;
EXPERIENCED waitress in flrst-class hotel
wishes situation; references; city only; Box
951, Call.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; Address
>!>' : : Ringold st, down stairs.
AN" experienced dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day or would take
work home. Call or address 1309 Lyon st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
Address 60 Ivy aye., bet. Van Ness -and Polk.
GOOD, willing woman wishes situation to do
general housework; city or short distance in
country. Address 200 Fifth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework in small family; kind
to children! references given. Address Box
$57, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent girl for
' housework and cooking: wages $20. Call 651
Bay st, near Leavenworth.
WANTED— By a respectable woman, position
as working housekeeper or general housework
in a small family; city or country; good ref-
erences. Apply for two days, 162 South Park.
WOMAN wants plain washing to do home) also
lace curtains; or one or more children to care
for; terms reasonable. . Address 311 Austin
aye., city:
A NEAT Swedish woman wishes situation to do
general housework; good cook. 513 Mc-
Allister st;
GERMAN girl wants place for general house-
work and cooking; $20. 127 Turk st.
WANTED— PIace to assist light housework;
sleep home. Call 862 C Clementina; .?."•;,
A RELIABLE girl wishes a position, general
housework i good elty references: Please call
1819 Larkin St.; no cards.
A GERMAN lady desires ft position as man-
ager or working housekeeper; city or coun-
try: Call Or address, 1807". Folsom st.
A WOMAN wnulif do washing {home or would
co out- by the day; flannels a specialty: 258
Linden aye., near Gough st.
REFINED girl wants position to do any kind
of light work; city or country; experienced in
housework and bakery: Call or address, 1122
Golden Gate aye.
REFINED young lady desires position as nur-
sery governess! flrst-class musician and neat
seamstress! references: Address 27038 Mis-
sion st. ri't?--^
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing or houseeleaning; Call at I04«l McAllister
St., rear;.
YOUNG! woman wants a. place to assist with
light housework and cooking with 2 or 3 In
family ft good home and moderate wages;
references) no postals. 1121 Stelner st, -
NEAT Danish girl wishes to do housework)
Wages $16; references. 88 Juniper sL, off
Folnom.:
EASTERN woman wants situation) first-class
oooki plain washing) references, Address
Cook, box 3, Call office, 815 Larkin st.
GIRL wishes a situation to do second work or
housework: best of references. Please call at
217 Minna st. ■ -.■-;;< •.-•
HOTEL or restaurant waitress wants steady
or extra work. Call 25 Natoma st.
WANTED— By young woman, any kind of work
by the day) wages $1 25 per day, Address B.
« R., 208 Drumm st.
WOMAN wants work by the • day cooking or
■ housecleanlng; $1 per day and car fare. Box
885, Call, office.
COMPETENT woman wishes day work, wash-
ing, Ironing or housework. 756 Folsom st.
GIRL lately from the East wants second work;
competent; city or country. 870 Jessie, nr. 4th.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell, tel. Main 5332, best
help, all nationalities, desire various posi-
, tions. _■;
SEAMSTRESS with flrst-class city references
desires few more engagements at $1 25 day;
suits, $4. Address X., box 896, Call office.
AN experienced dressmaker in ladies' ' and
children's clothes; will accept engagements in
families: $125 per day; cutting and fitting
a specialty; references. Apply 1212 Scott st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms; 86c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $•
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
' and -_*-_<-! J __-_______ -> .my; elevator. "
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant s*.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 726 Geary St.; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*. O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted by competent man to
tend horses, cows and garden on private
place; suburbs. Box 954, Call.
UPHOLSTERER— young man, wishes
situation. 7 Grant aye.. room 10.
ELECTRIC light and power operator and en-
gineer (late of the Union Light and Power
Company, Ogden, Utah), is open for an en-
gagement. Address LOUIS B. GORDON, 1757
Howard St.
YOUNG man wants situation in store; has 10
years' experience in grocery; good references.
Box 952, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paper hanger with tools want-
work. Box 958, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man to make himself useful
ln kitchen; can cook, open oysters, make
sauerkraut. CHARLES, 1115 Market at.
YOUNG man of enterprising ability wants
situation ln wholesale house. Box 918. Call.
WANTED— Position as cook; wife to man-
age mining company boarding house or to
run same on other proposition; references.
Box 961, Call.
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $9 per
week; city or country. Address Barber, box
961, Call office. * ♦
YOUNG man wishes situation as waiter; ex-
perienced; city preferred or would go In coun-
try. Call or address J. H. 8.. 700 Franklin
St., Oakland.-- -;.'
JAPANESE couple want situations; city or
country; wages cheap. Address "AKI, 2413
Webster avenue, Alameda. .
JAPANESE boy wants housework and plain
cooking (understands English) ln city. S.
HIGASHI, 703 Larkin st.
COOK wants a place to cook ln a saloon or
lunch counter or short order; cook in a cof-
fee and chop house or oyster opener ln mar-
ket. 514 Central aye., near Hayes st. H. F.
RESPECTABLE gentleman desires to give
French. Italian or Spanish lessons. Box 890.
Call office.
ENGINEER with license and 25 years' prac-
tice, understands Corliss, compound and con-
denser engines and dynamos, locomotives and
traction engines, wishes a situation; city or
country. Box 868, Call.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good ref-
erences. Box 922, Call office.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses in private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925, Call office.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler in want of em-
ployment; 15 years' experience; town or
country. Box 905. Call.
POSITION as driver for milk or delivery
wagon; good solicitor; references. Apply 1322
Mission st.
JAPANESE wants position. Who wants a
strong and good cook? If any. try me. H.
V. P., 1318 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A FRENCH cook, country, $25 to $30; see lady
here. Miss CULLEN, 225 Sutter st.
A GERMAN nurse, one child 6 years old, $20;
a man and wife, $40; a laundress, $25; insti-
tution; two second girls, $20 and $26. MISS
CULLEN, 316 Sutter st.
A NURSE girl, one child, $S and sleep home;
a cook, delicacy store. $25 per month; a Ger-
man girl, housework, $25; housework,
Healdsburg. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter.
A WOMAN with a child, cooking and house-
housework, $18, country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A GIRL to assist housework. $20, Los Banos.
Apply early. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
A WAITRESS, railroad eating house, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter St.
A YOUNG girl, assist bakery, $10 and found.
Miss CULLEN, 325 gutter st.
COOK, small sanitarium, $20, easy place; 2 sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st,
REFINED German waitress and Beamstress.
$25; German nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. /
NEAT young girl, light housework, $15 i cook,
German style, $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. *
NEAT young girl, light second work, $12; Ger-
man or French nursery governess, $30; maid
. for an old lady, must understand massage.
MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT girl, light housework. Pacific
Grove, $20; easy place. MISS CULLEN, 825
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, 2 days every 'week;
apply early. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, 3 in family, $25; 2 cooks. $30
and $25; 2 nurses, $23 and $20; MIPS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15; 2 chambermaids and
waitresses, city $29 each. MISS CULLEN,
.25 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child 4 years old, $10; nurse, grown
children. $20; nurse, 1 child, $25; French
nurse. $25 to $30, need not speak English.
MISS CULLEN, 225 Sutter st.
i WAITRESSES, city and country hotels, $20
and $25; 8 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $5 per
week i waitress, $20, sleep home, bearding
house. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st;
GIRL for housework, two In family, $20) sec-
ond girl, $20; five cooks In American and
German families, $25 to $30; waitress and
parlor maid, $25; and girls for housework l
Pacific Grove, $20; Santa Rosa, $20; Sausalito,
$20; Los Banos. $20; Benicia, $20, and city.
J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK— American family; no wash; a short
distance; $30; J: F: CROSETT CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. " ■ _-\ :. ; .y :
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, hotel, $20;
waitress,, country resort, $20; lunch and din-
ner waitress, $20; assistant restaurant cook,
$20. J. F. CROSETT CO., 816 Sutter st.
NURSE and sewing, $20; North German
nurse, $25. J. F. CROSETT CO., 818 Sutter st.
COOK— Resort, a short distance, $40. J, ,F.
CROSETT CO., 810 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
Waitress, Carson City, Nev., $20, fare paid)
waitress for bakery, country, fare here, $20)
five waitresses, different country hotels. $20)
four waitresses, city, $20; two chambermaids
to wait. $20; chambermaid to wait, $15: cook,
small hotel, country, $25, no dishwashing,
; FAMILY ORDERS
Cook, Jewish family, $30; four cooks, $25 and
$30; houseglrl, American family, choice
place, $25; ted house girls, $25; nurse girl.
One baby. $25; second girls, $25, and many
young girls to assist, $12 te $15: C. R. HAN-
PEN _- CO., 104 Geary;
COOK, $30; 2 cooks. $25 each) second girl. $25)
waitress, $18; 6 housegirls for the country,
$20 and $28; 10 housegirls, city, $16 te $25.
MRS. NORTON, 312 Sutter St:
FINISHER on coats; M. E). KENT, HI Post
st. third floor.
WANTED— girl to do light housework)
no washing. 576 A Natoma st.
GOOD quick hand on- vests; also an appren-
tice. 628 Stevenson st.
STRONG girl, German or Swedish, for general
housework ; wages $15 to $20; 108 Chattanooga,
' near Twenty-second.
WANTED— first-class tailoress en fine coats.
Apply Box ens. Call.
WANTED— girl for general house-
work; good cook; small family) wages $15;
call mornings. 809 Pierce.
GIRL to assist In housework. Apply 419 Lee
aye., opposite Coursing Park; $8.
GIRL or woman for housework, 461 Guerrero
street.
WANTED — Experienced nurseglrl; references
required. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m., 1434
Post st. :^£
WANTED— First-class finisher on vests. 864
• Folsom et.
GOOD waitress. 100 Second st.
WANTED— to work In store; - steady
work. H7SA Market st.
GERMAN or Danish girl to do plain cooking.
427 Larkin st.
WANTED— Young woman or girl for house-
work and assist with children. 1308 Page,
near Lyon. ■
OPERATOR on pants; also finishers. S. N.
WOOD & CO., Powell and Eddy sts.
TAILORESS or handy woman that is good
operator; car fare paid. Lyon St.. bet.
Greenwich and Lombard, front of Presidio.
GOOD tailoress wanted on fine custom coats.
957 Harrison st.
EXPERIENCED book folder wanted; also
girls to learn. Apply 605 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A girl, 12 or 14, to help I with two
children from 8 to 7. 1034% Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for housework, American family, plain
cooking, $20; Infants' nurse, $20. 631 Larkin.
GOOD ' buttonhole finisher on custom coats*
flrst-class pay. 927 Market st., room 623. '
COAT finisher and operator. 955 Washington
St., Oakland. . .
WANTED— A good finisher on custom coats
299 Shipley st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants; steady work
* 85$ Howard St., over Bell Court.
HELP WANTED— Continued. -
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do housework and
sleep at home. Apply bet. 2 and 4 a. m., 941
Folsom st.
WANTED— Experienced nurse for young baby:
city references. Apply forenoon only, 2101
Pacific avenue.
WANTED— Good reliable girl for general
housework; references. Apply 164« Fell st,
between 9 and 12.
FIRST-CLASS finishers; steady work. 138
Rubs at
FINISHER on pants. 83 Third st„ upstairs.
WANTED— Apprentice girl; must understand
sewing; paid while learning. DAVIDSON &
MILLER. 731 Market st*.
BRIGHT woman for 50-room lodging house;
must Invest $300. Box 941. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shirt makers wanted. 516 Sut-
ter st. ■
FIRST-CLASS tailoress. buttonhole maker. 516
Sutter st.
GIRL to help on skirts; pay while learning.
S6S Mission St., room 7.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, wanted at 1721
A'an Ness aye.
NEAT young girl to take care of a baby; must
sleep at home; wages $6. 1445 McAllister st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEA'I STRAUSS & CO.. 36*. Fremont st.
5 EXPERIENCED operators on custom shirts
and bar coats; steady work guaranteed. 3957
Twenty-fifth St.. bet. Church and Sanchez.
WANTED— operators; best prices;
steady employment EAGLESON A CO., 635
Market st. '
HELP WANTED — '
FIRST-CLASS English butler desires eituation,
beet references, city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. _____
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Machinist, city Job $2 75 day
Butter maker, run separator, see boss here..
2 milkers for Oregon $25 and found
6 milkers, different places $25 and found
4 laborers for the mines $26 and found
4-horse teamsters $30 and found
6 vineyard hands, Sonqma Co
15 ranch and orchard hands $20 and found
10 laborers, rick and shovel work, near city..
6 ranch choremen $20 and found
Blacksmith helper, country shop $32 50
Furnace man for the mines .* $40
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS ..tie makers.. woodchoppers
Tools advanced for 25 woodchoppers. $1 cord
pine, 70c redwood, 4-ft. wood; 50 woodchop-
pers, different parts of the State.
Tools advanced for 15 tie makers, 6xB, 8-ft,
new timber, 10c each, in Sonoma Co.
Also 20 tie makers, 7xB, 8-ft. ties, 12c each.
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SHIRT polisher, country laundry, $50; ironer,
country laundry, $30 and found; 6 cooks, city
and country, $30 and $40; waiters, city and
country; dishwashers, etc.; 3 ranch cooks.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
25 laborers, pick and shovel and rock men,
$1 60 a day, board $3 60 a week, office fee, in-
cluding railroad fare, $1 15, ship to-day.
Laborers, mountain railroad, ship to-night
Laborers and teamsters, new work, ship to-
day.
AVoodchoppers, willow, sycamore, oak and
pine, 90c to $1 60 a cord.
Ranch foreman, see boss here; 2 farmers,
$20, fare advanced; 6 farmers, $25 and $20;
choreman, $20; C milkers, $25 and $20.
German farmer and wife, $40 and found.
Machine drill hand, quarry work, $2 50 a
day, steady, near city.
An Indoor servant, with experience and
references, $40.
Second cook, $40; butcher and assistant
cook, $40.
2 second cooks, country hotels, $35; night
potwasher, $6 a week, and other restaurant
and hotel help.
Head waiter for springs, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
4 COLORED waiters, hotel, north, $25; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
AN offflce boy; run errands. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st
WANTED
FARMERS AND
RANCH TEAMSTERS
For different places near city, $20 to $25; man
to milk 5 cows, make a little butter and chore
about ranch $20 per month, good steady Job;
man to work ln kitchen and chore about re-
sort near city, $15 per month and found
Milker, steady Job $30
Choreman on ranch near city, good place, $15;
choreman to milk 10 cows on ranch near city,
$25; cooks, dishwashers and others; planer-
man for mill near city, $40 and board. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St.
WANTED— 3 drift gravel miners, $2 50 day; 3
quartz miners. $2 day and board; laborers
for city and country, $1 75 day: 2 choremen,
$20; 6 coal miners, by day or contract; farm-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $40;
cook, family bonrdlns house; night waiter,
$9 week; second baker, $25; and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— country restaurant. $40 and
found; night cook, $60; waiter, French res-
taurant, $35; night waiter, $35; omnibus, $30;
butler, $45; groom, $40; Indoor servant, $40;
choreman, easy place, $10; man on a ranch,
. $13; Ironer, country, $30; washer for laundry,
country, $30; dishwasher, $25, etc. ANDRE'S,
.nit Stockton st. ;■■■;." -'-
TWO colored waiters. $27 50; country hotel.
HOTEL GA7JETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Barber, young man having had
one year or more experience. Call or address
M. BERNSTEIN, Tiburon. Cal.
CANA'ASSERS wanted for "War With
Spain"; outfit 60 cents. M. D. GAGE, San
Jose. ';, '
BARBER wanted, young man with about
three years' experience; must be steady; no
Sunday work; state wages. Address Box
436, Ukiah, Cal.
COACHMAN, $20 per month and found, see
lady here. MISS CULLEN, 335 Sutter st.
YOUNG man to wash dishes In restaurant, $.1
per week. 233 Sixth st.
SHOEMAKER. 1015 Larkin st.
GENERAL tailor for country; good wages, p.
GREENBERG A CO., 29 Flood building.
WANTED— Steady man; light outdoor work;
good wages; small capital required. 1082 Mar-
ket St., room 4.
WANTED— FIrst-class lunch cook. Call early
to-morrow morning at Criterion Saloon, cor.
Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
MAN to solicit for printing office. 420 Mont-
gomery st, room 83.
WANTED— AI presser and under presser.
DAA'IDSON _ MILLER, 731 Market.
PANTSMAKERS to take work out; tailors to
trim coats for machine. 106 Battery.
TWO flrst-class shoemakers on ladles' and
gentlemen's work. E. POWELL, 107 Geary st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job; country.
Apply 871 Market.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Apply 323 Devlsadero
St., between Oak arid Page.
YOUNG man; dishwasher. Star Hotel, 1630
Kentucky st
WANTED— AA'oodchoppers; see boss to-day at
2698 Folsom st •;.. .-■. "
SCHOOL boy for printing office after school
Apply 519 Filbert st. ~~uui.
COAT maker for country. Apply REISS BROS
24 Sutter st. '
WANTED-Agrlcultural Implement salesman!
Call 16 Drumm st, and see Mr. Shearman.
SECOND hand for bakery. 727 L_rkin st.
WANTED— Good pants pressers. 227 Fifth st
WANTED— Experienced skirt hands to work
in factory. Apply 623 Market, room 8.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack. 1427 Octavla st, near
Post. *;■
A BOY with some experience In carriage paint-
ing business. 128 Spear at, after 8 o'clock.
WANTED— A presser on pantaloons. 734 Mont-
gomery et., room 1.
THREE men to shovel and one teamster. Cor.
14th and N sts., south.
ERRAND boy wanted that resides with his
parents. Room 2, 509 Kearny st.
CUSTOM tailor and lady apprentices on fine
coats. 533 Natoma st.
WANTED— waiter and dishwasher at 613
Clay st.
COAT and pants makers. 635 Kearny at. ; also
errand boy.
GOOD boy wanted in bakery. 681 Hayes st.
BARBER with 1 or 2 years' experience in busi-
ness; steady place. 812 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED Architectural draughtsman com-
petent to do detailing. D. F. OLLIVER,
. Macdonough building, Oakland.
DRUG store errand boy; wages $2 50 week
Box 962, Call office.
WANTED— Boy with some experience on cus-
tom tailoring; steady work. 40 Ellis, room 52.
DISHWASHER wanted. 407 Mason st. in rear*
call at 7 o'clock.
WH ITEW ASHER and plasterer at San Fran-
cisco Market. Clay st., below Montgomery.
GOOD young barber wanted; 15c shop 2007
Mission st .
WANTED- Barber to buy 15c shop; must be
sold; owner leaving city. 203 Jones bU.
HELP WASTED- Continued.
m-vR-KM AN J for dairy ranch; must thoroughly
dairying and farming. Apply 141
Seventh st. . .
...  .„ tike best single room, 15c night;
15 week' "France House." 149 Third st. and
••O-kland House." 6*4* Howard St.; reading
room, daily papers.
WANTED— A plain worklngman for porter
"wo^k m business house; German speak ng
preferred; wages moderate. Box 94,. tall.
WANTED-Sallors for Hawaiian Islands Ma-
nila, Mexico and AtoKa. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
1150-PARTNER wanted In one of the oldest
"b^iness openings. **£$[**£ £§_e W _?£
Iffi^ & <__ 10g^M-rket.t -bove^h 3
BARBER'S -?r°§^ i^^%e^ e jeß-l. P l 1 164"
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. IM 7th. tei. Jessie urn.
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per ween.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
t£_tat HERMAN'S, » Steuart st.
TO ■_ this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nefrlv ™ from 50c to $150; new shoes.
sUghtly damaged, one-half price. 662 Mission
st.7 bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAAV. Secretary. •
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c
to SOc. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. BOWHAY. 516
Sutter st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and -
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak read
and write English, and be between 5 feet a
inches and 6 feet in height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office, 40
Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket* 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
•bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. lot. Mkt.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to SOc; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F.
Barber College. las'. Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 73c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
*~ AGENTS WANTED.
MEN or women to canvass homes with well
advertised special shoes for women's comfort;
great sellers: quick returns. "UNA, 7 Tem-
ple place, Boston, Mass.
WANTED— to take charge of my water
bike this summer; small security. THOMSON,
apply New Atlantic Hotel, Montgomery and
Pacific sts.
SOLICITORS wanted— Active, intelligent men;
$2000 may be earned as wages in 4 months.
Address 8., box 867, Call office.
AGENTS, ladles or gents, can make from $3
to $6 a day. Apply at Call office.
PARTNERS WAXTED.
$150— PARTNER wanted; will pay over $75
month to each yearly. COWING & CO., 995
Market st.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out; sample postpaid. 25c. J. Brown, 332 Bush.
LADY partner; half Interest in lodging-
house; good living. Box 916. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
i YOUNG man wants room and board with pri-
-1 vate family; within walking distance of City
Hall; state price. Box 959, Call.
ROOM and board for couple in private family;
Western Addition; no others need apply; ref-
erences. Box 947. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — A second-hand hair picker. Apply
to C. MELSKOA*. 1115 Howard st.
WANTED — in good condition; any
make; cheap for cash; Oliver preferred; state
price. Box 903, Call office.
I SCRAP iron, brass and copper bought; coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.
DENTISTS.
Bit T. S.~HI GGIN_ r Tsen taT^ParTora! -~— —
. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth .is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood b ig.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$8 60 up; plates, extractions, free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; filling. 60c; crowns. $3 60: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 21 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
; specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason st., corner Market.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling* a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st ■
LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
84: filling, gold. BOc: silver. 2Sc: crowns. $3.
HORSES.
40 HORSESfors_le: also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BLACK horse and family carriage, complete
rig. for sale cheap. Address GRAY, 915 Call
building.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH _- WOLPMAI 195-197 Fremont st
TYPEWRITER, Rem. No. 5; good as new; flat
top desk, chairs. 612 Examiner building.
PRIVATE family has more milk than they
need; would like to dispose of some; also
fresh eggs. Address box 950, Call.
2 BLACK cocker spaniels; also 2 setter and
pointer dogs; mother thoroughbred pointer,
father thoroughbred Irish setter; all 6 months
old; will make fine hunting dogs; cold cheap.
Apply Monday at 508 Post st.
CAMERAS, etc.; a complete line which were
used as drummer's samples at prices that will
astonish you; these goods are new. W A
HARTTER, photo supplies, 513 Examiner big".
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st '
above Sixth. "
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain*
almost new: latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine etc. sold separately or together. Apply
box 447. Petaluma. Cal. -"-vi-jr
A Nl L? once rt Rize S^iitar for $14. cost origi-
_nally $30, at UNCLE_HARRIS\_IS Grant aye.
BARGAIN-. H. P. Golden Gate gas engine"
new. See EPSTEIN, fits Mission st!
_ch-ap. H. S. WHITE. 614-516-51 condition;
_cheap. H. S. WHITE^JSI^niS-SIS Mission st
B A-wJJ l _ i v' c „ n^*_-4 econd an <- ' machinery.'
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beala st
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors
bought sold and exchanged. lmfki^i^ll
D 2^?7 IC ewln - machine; good condition:
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st. near ,- th ;
P -__- E L & l-_ :overed b Pat- leather prevent sllpT
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
S -N.v'e^T^S™-,* 11 * 1 second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento St.
G £ S t ) IN , „ , :_?' ' 5 - 1 horsepower, JIOO-.Tll^sT
_ 3. $1.0; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
P flPL PHONE * $35: attachment (only). $15; will
nt pnono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt
B _£_ :S ~_ , a r,?aln! ' m new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 108-111 Market, 8. I".
' •-——__ — ... ......BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-54'XO: MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron I
foundries and factories; kept by owner the I
iast 6 years: clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar, etc.;
new G years' lease; always -'' or more steady
boarders; investigate at once: a genuine bar-
gain. Call K. G. WILKE, room 8, 906 Mar-
ket st.
A-SIU'O: SALOON in Western Addition; ele-
gant llxutres; club and ladles' rooms; side en-
trance: doing a flrst-class paving business-
rent, $23. Call WILKE, MM Market st.
A— s2so; HOME cocking parlor and delicacy
st^re on Larkin st. ; worth $100; great sacri-
fice. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— s4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a
first-class investment. R. G. WILKE. room
S. 306 Market st.
A— sl6so; KEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
.Hilars in sight; patent right for the C. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every I
farmer of fruit grower needs them; small !
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of R G
WILKE, 906 Market st., room 6.
A— WAGON and carriage shop; repairing and '
manufacturing of farming implements; in
lively cuufitry town, Alameda County; estab- I
llshed many years; tools $100; stock at invoice
price; a splendid chance for good, su-ady man I
who knows his business. Call K. G. WILKE i
906 Market st., room 8. '
A— J6OO; RAILROAD boarding-house In Oak- '
land; Hr.i-.1.i.s paying; bent class of board-
ers; large rooms; good furniture; rent $20 '
Particulars of WILKE. 906 Market, loom &'. I
A-i 1 *^ 1 ; CORNER grocery and bar, with living j
rooms, on Market st.; doing a good-paying j
business; owner bought transfer business.
Pi.rfculars cf WILKE. 906 Market, room 8.
WE buy, sell or exchange business of any kind.
_______ ft CO.. 1027. Market St., above 6th.
A $1500; PLANING mill for sale; one of the I
1 est paying businesses on the coast; full
ie In machinery, etc. GUS STRAND &
. ___ Market st.. above Sixth.
; ■ <TGAR and variety store; 4 rooms fur-
nished; a sacrifice. STRAND & CO.. 1027 V.
v .rket st.
r SALOON opposite Oakland ferry: sickness
luse of sale. STRAND A CO.. 1027 V. Market.
| THOROUGHLY live man wanted as
I inner in flrst-ciass legitimate business; no
night work. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market.
FINE house ln country, 40 acres highly cultl-
vated land; ten acres fruit; house, bar:.. no
Incumbrance; will trade for large rooming
house S. .H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
A— s7oo; GOOD practical man wanted as part-
ner ln old-established well-paying butcher
bustneea. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market.
. 'D— Partner In an established business;
good chance for a live man. JONES & CO.,
.65 Market st.
$:25— BRANCH bakery; a nice place; living
rooms; cheap rent. JONES & CO., 865 Market.
$i:.f— • RESTAURANT; good value for $360; must
be sold at once; owner leaving city. JONES
<_ CO., 865 Market st.
A— slso; PARTNER wanted; established busi-
ness; $12 to $li a week; trial given. WEST-
EP.N INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$2; —PARTNER wanted: light business; $18 to
j.5 a week; no experience required. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$273— CIGAR store; bargain to-day. COWING
_.- CO.. 9.5 Market st.
$:.') — ROOMING house clearing $25 m.nth and
good living. COWING fc CO., 995 Market st.
{4"O— FINE-PAYING butcher shop; does cash i
business of $20 daily; old established corner; '
.ells 4 cattle, 25 sheep weekly; don't miss ;
this bargain. STENBERG CO.. 26. Kearny. •
J42S— BAKERY, ice cream parlor, confection-
ery; fine fixtures; fountain cost $125; clears
$100 mo.; trial given. Nat'l Agency, 7 Grant.
lOR sale or rent— An old-established brewery
in prosperous country town; complete outfit
for business. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
V— TO buy or sell your business quick for i
cash apply to MOON & CO.. IOuSVi Market st.
.OME good stage line routes for sale ln Tuol-
umne County, to Yosemite Valley and other
points; complete outfit, horses, wagons and
harness. Apply to C. R. SMITH. Quartz
Mountain, Tuolumne County, Cstf.
.JO — A first-c!a_s manufacturing establishment,
doing a good business; owners wish to retire
on account of other investments. Box 963.
Call.
FOR sale— Oyster and chop house; parties
going back to mines; established 8 years.
Apply Call office.
$8000—10 ROOMS; lot 30x100; corner; exchange !
for furniture. E. E. BUNCE, 308 Broadway, j
Oakland.
SALOON and shooting gallery; make offer; 443
'Dupont st; trial given. Inquire afternoon 19
Sixth Ft.
SALOON for sale, to Jackson st., bet. Davis
and Drumm.
OLD-ESTABLISHED stand; ! horses and large \
wagon: must be sold. Inquire at 3?7 Hayes.
AN experienced business man would like to
take Interest ln some good raying business;
trial must be given; best of references; state
particulars and price asked; no agents. Box
H3. Call office.
WANTED— A steady man capable of taking !
charge of lumber camp, with some means, I
who will take an interest in the same; a
chance of a lifetime. must be sober and In-
dustrious; also an engineer and sawyer for
tame camp on like conditions; investigate this
opportunity for a fortune. For particulars
address Owner, box 910, Call office.
$UV>— PARTNER: salon central business lo-
cation; every opportunity to investigate; ref-
erences given and required; principals only;
excellent chance for good saloon man. P.
E., box 914, Call office.
' $1200; WORTH $2«>o— Saloon and chophouse and
cigar stand; buyer can clear it in 2 months;
) full Investigation before buying; owner has
to leave State; no agents wanted. Apply
Call office.
RESPECTABLE roadhouse near Haywards.
consisting of 1 house, outbuildings, 1 acre
'.and and stock of liquors. 1003 Mission, S. F.
BUTCHER shop for rent. 1303 Buchanan St..
near Eddy; a snap for a live man; cheap rent;
between grocery and fruit store.
BAKERY, candy and notion store for sale:
3 living rooms; rent cheap; a bargain. Ad-
dress 227 Ninth st. ' '"'
!.oO— PARTNER: Indoor business; will pay $60 •
to $75 per month to each yearly. Box 857, Call.
$600— OLD-ESTABLISHED market in Mission;
present owner there 10 years. Box 889.' Call.
170 — BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
saKs $15 to $25 a day; 3 nice living rooms;
a targaln. Box 444. Call office.
FOR rale on account of sickness, florist and
r.ursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
jaratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or :
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight st. I
' $500-_YOUNG man with good references and !
business experience wanted as a partner In j
a good manufacturing business; established '
- ISSfc Box 847. Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires I
to sell his tailoring business, including stock '
• end good will. 340 Third et. j
PARTNER wanted; good reliable man with
little capital. Inquire 41 Third St., room i.
LIGHT manufacturing business; owner
sick; article sells at sight. Call 41 Third, r. 6.
RESTAURANT fixtures cheap at 1245 Ken-
tucky st Apply 234 O'Farrell st. |
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. i
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
. 14-ROOM house on Van Ness $350
16-rocrn house on Third st 275
3i-room house on Post -.. 2600
44-room house for city or country propty. 4000
64-room house; clears $300; payments. 3000
21-room house on Van Ness nve 1500
16-room house; clears $100 300
. 11-room house In Angels <*amp 450
" 15-room house; central; $100 cash 300
£0 rooms; rent $96; on Mission t* 1106
£4-room house; clears $300 .-..1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
24-room bouse; new furniture 750
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.. op;.. 6th.
A-KREDO & CO 22',; Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
f.4 room?; best corner Fourth st $2401
3S rooms; Market st. ; best in city......... 1500
24 rooms; Geary st.; near Plaza $oo j
20 rooms; best block Eddy st. ; a snap POO
10 rooms; O'Farrell st.; clears $*i 0 300
. A few special bargains. Call early. KREDO.
$,->-/,— HOUSE. 20 rooms, well furnished; rent
135: 100 •her bargains. STRAND & CO.,
1027 V. Market st
$900— 23 ROOMS; always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 2.',lV_ Bush st.
$RCO— SNAP; ' room house; near Market: cen-
tr.il; must sell this week. Ea.ile. 873 M, Market.
NEAR Market st.; 24 rooms: good furniture:
r.-'emx always full: price $900. Box 869. Call.
HMTI RR FOR lAMB.
FOR sale — Furniture of a 6-room flat. Inquire
between 9 and 12 at 637 Castro st.
t ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
-
FURNITURE AVANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market St.. pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc. ■ '?
__T\\'_N_n MACHINE-.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 4S.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. -
PERSONALS. ■ --- '■•
DETECTIVE work in all legitimate' branches
carefully attended to by an experienced de-
tective; exceptional references; correspond-
• ence solicited. Call or address Commercial
Detective Agency, 272 Valencia st.
TRAVELER throughout Pacific Coast would
take a good side line on commission." Address
box 955, Call office.
LEDERER'S Quinonia, a perfect hair dressing;
makes it glossy; cleans the scalp; Ssc bot.
Foamo Shampoo. oc pkg. G. Lederer. 123 Stktn.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c. Just received, a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
«at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L, BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
IN divorce matters will give full Information
free: strictly confidential. Box 831, Call.
SBARBORO & CO.. grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2328 Mission St.. near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller ln the world: gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling: fee, $1 and upward.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order, $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants; samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Sth.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 DO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. . MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 50c up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no In-
jection ;guarntd. Dr.Gordin, sl4 Pine, ab.Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50: bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 60* open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint »97. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up: dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases: diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel. 56c; by letter, 50c;
meetings every night. lCc.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night. Friday and
Sunday: tests; articles read; 10c. 120 Sixth st.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister: come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.; tic. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. ' 118 Haight st. -
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK. .
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT _823 Hi MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move influence, bad habits; will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send .-tamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. /
1023"'_ Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
between Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power Is acknowledged, by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advise? you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for Important Information, and every
reply Is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tell? each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— ev_y-
thlner. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to B:3** p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader* born with doable veil and sec-
ond sight i diagnoses disease: full life read-
ing; ladies, 50c; gents. $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
CARD reading; removed from 77 Ninth st. to
1322 Mission, bet. Ninth and Tenth; ladies
10c, gentlemen 25.^ ;
MISS ALICE FAURE, card reader and palmist.
405 Kearny St.: room 34; Frencn and German
spoken. •
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2."> c up. 5 Fourth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 1933 Mis-ion
St., downstairs. . .
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 19.
TOUR future told by cards, 25c. 10*. Mission
St., downstairs.
YOUR future told by a responsible card reader:
ladles joe. gents BOc; 851 Folsom st., nr. sth.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. £9 Sixth St.. rooms 2-8.
ARRIVED— MISS BESSIE WALLACE, clair-
voyant and palmist. 126 Ellis, parlors 3 and 4.
MRS; L. EHRHORN, 3523 Nineteenth st., near
Valencia, clalrvoj'ant and medium; ladies 25c.
YOUR fortune told by cards; 23c up; no sign.
527. Post sL
MME. MOREAU, the best fortune teller: 25c
up; tests free. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned*, card reader and ma.-
hetlet. 2"7 Powell St., rooms 3 and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 12*1 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 1.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— < and
card reading. 417 Bush st.. rooms . and W.
MME. _ AUGUST, 1159 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
and palmist: truth or no pay! 25-^
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25.! ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In Wrapper, for mailing. Si per year.
PALMISTRY.
MM_r^EEßa^AAß_»~"pupl^~6^nt Bt. Ger-
tnalne. 8388 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
el White 1571! reading by mail. SI.
SUPK ________ "AIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRP. DR. WELCH. 2113 Bush
St.: 15 years' experience; references' given. *
_ LOST.
Crescent-shaped watch charm, diamond
set; liberal reward. 3ts Front st.
Reward $2 Ml a small blue skye dog;
answers to the name Rags. Please return
1520 Van Ness avp.
PURSE containing ticket. Return to MRS
WM. M. DE WOLF (MoEwen's), 113 Mont-
gomery sL : ;
LOST— A light brlndle greyhound - dog. Re-
turn -504 Kentucky st.: reward.
$320 IN bills, between 895 Market and 789*.
Mission; reward. Box 953, Call, :
SMALL black and tan: white breast, short legs;
- collar. Jack. Return 645 Washington. Reward.
LOST— A pawbook with The Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco. in the
name^f MOSES HERRMANN or BABETTE
Herrmann; No. 200-883. The finder will
please return to bank.
' "found. v ,
FO-T*iDT-lrish setter dog. Call, at 8 Proepect
aye.. ,oet. 7 and 8 p. m. .
FOUNE)— A Gordon setter dog. Call at 8 Pros-
________ between 6 and 7p. m. _____
" |" MINES.- .._.__.,._.'_"
$500 TO $1500 will buy a half Interest in . one of
the richest gold mining claims In Tuolumne
Coiintv- value in Sight; please investigate.
AdGress M. A.. Russ House.
$7005-QUARTZ claim; mother lode belt; fine
showing. _» Davis, room 13L
/ _____■ ':.' : •
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 1% 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1458 Sunny 6 rooms and bath: rent. $21.
j ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
| JESSIE, SISV_, oft Ninth— Stable; 4 rooms, attic;
I reasonable to right party.
LOMBARD, Old-fashioned houae, 5 rooms;
chUken and pigeon house;. so-vara lot.- better
than Mill Valley to those /that require pure
air and sunshine: rent $13. '
I OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
! IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould. 131 Montgomery.
SUNNY house, 6 rooms; bath; nearly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye.. between Van Ness /aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden. Gate aye.
2 FRONT rooms, 2 closets; rents $5. 2S2H
Natoma St.. near Fourth.
7 ROOMS. $25; 10 rooms, $35; bathri, laundries,
gardens. In thorough repair; in Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth st. ■ ;A---^;-
-12 ROOMS: flne Oakland place; furnished. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market, st. .
$30—1915 Golden Gate aye.; 8 rooms, and bath;
modern. '
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL sunny cor. house, modern, 7 rms.,
bath; $30. 839 Noe, near Castro; water free.
BEAUTIFUL furnished 6-room flat to rent; all
conveniences. C 248 Capp et.
FURNISHED house to Eight targe sunny
rooms; modern improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises. 685 Guerrero st.
NICELY furnished house. 7 rooms, all full;
! rent reasonable. 323 Taylor st.
COTTAGES TO LE_C~
COTTAGE, 3 rooms; 16 Byington aye. Apply
1621 O'Farrell st. '
_-_-___-_______-
" FLATS TO LEST.
A— 2 ELEGANT new flats, 7 and 8 rooms, Just
completed; rent reasonable. 977 Poit st.
FLAT, 8 rooms, large sunny yard. 61 Pleasant,
bet. Taylor and Jones, near Clay. ■
FLAT 6 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments; rent $22. 1307 Eddy st. .
FULTON. 842— Sunny 6 rooms and bath: rent,
$23. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st.
HOWARD, *28. near Fourth— 6 rooms
and bath; rent. $2L ASHTON & GARDINER.
LOVELY sunny upper flat of 7 rootmsj bath.
411 Lyon St., near Park; very cheap.
McALLISTER. 1721— Modern 7 rooms and bath J
many closets; rent $25. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st.
OUR rent department goes to your home;: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. . i
PAINTER and paper hanger and geod house
carpenter with family can get flat and take !
most of rent ln work. Box 655, Call. |
PLEASANT modern flat, 6 rooms, bath; rea-
sonable rent. 725 A Ellis sLj
TWENTY-THIRD, 4673, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe St., earner Nineteenth: upper 5
rooms* $17.
VERY desirable 5-room sunny flat: practically
new; bath, basement, etc.: every modern
Convenience: corner of Castro and Liberty
Sts., near Twentieth.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12, $14 and $15; 5
large rooms, bath, laundry, $22 56; thorough
repair; charming location: Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER, 3*! Glen Park aye., off 12th st.
$7 50—3 sunny upper rooms; 4 closets; yard; cel-
lar. 1008 Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear.
SUNNY corner. 3 rooms. 537 Bryant St.;
key at 400 Third st.
COTTAGE. 4 sunny rooms; IV. blocks from
Market st. 132 Rose aye., bet. Gough and
Octavla. sts. |
707 Stockton^ 6 r....526 i 1609 Turk; 6 r _. 17
244 Frederick: 5 r.. 25 1696 Page: 3 r....,„ 15
1640 Post; 5 r 20 507 Hickory aye.; 6 r
542 Fell: 6 r 19 -• 13
132$ Haves; 6 r 18 522 Fell; 3 r IS
720 Montgomery aye; 12 Erkson: 5 r 11
6 r $151 525 Linden are., 6 r 15
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRODER.CK. 1924, cor. Sacramento— 3 house-
keeping rooms, unfurnished or partly fur-
nished. ■
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Bay window, man-
tel, kitchen, blue flame or gas. $12. .]
CLAY, 1723, bet. Polk and Van Ness— 3 rooms,
with bath, for housekeeping.
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. of Eighth— l sunny
housekeeping room with laundry and bath; $7. |
EDDY, 305— Large front housekeeping room; j
also single room; private family; reasonable.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping rooms, private residence; no children. |
ELLIS, 1621, near Fillmore— floor. 4 new-
ly furnished rooms and bath. i
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: grate, sink, water, bath; private: sll.
FIRST 28—3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping, 512 mo; 2 unfurnished. $6.
FOLSOM, 638 — Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
' FOURTH, 125— Front suite; suitable for light
housekeeping; also single.
GEARY. 1505—3 or 4 large sunny rooms, con-
necting: gas range, bath and closet; rent $16.
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
LARKIN. 1006, near Sutter— 3 rooms on second
floor; nicely furnished; bath; no objection to
light housekeeping.
MINNA, Furnished housekeeping rooms
and large kitchens; yard; single rooms.
MISSION, 947— Front room, with kitchen, com-
plete.
MISSION, 1251.—3 sunny and convenient house-
keeping rooms; also single rooms; $5 up.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— bay windows,
mantel, water, kitchen; gas stove; singly or
en suite. •
PINE, 1931—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
with bath and stationary wash tubs.
PROSPECT pi., 1-"- °"" California, bet. Powell
and Stockton— Room and kitchen*. Just, reno-
vated; $9 to $16; private; German.
POWELL, 41S— Unfurnished or furnished house-
keeping rooms.
STEVENSON. 403. corner of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
SEVENTH. 191— Sunny bay-window; also other
rooms for housekeeping from $6 up.
SHIPLEY, 259. bet. Howard and Folsom. Fifth
and Sixth— Four housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children nor dogs.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
TURK, 38— Two sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; cheap.
UNFURNISHED large bay-window parlor and
kitchen; $fi; central; references exchanged;
private. Box 926, Call bfflce; ■
VALENCIA, 834 1 ., nr. 2oth— Bunny front room
and kitchen, furnished for house keeping;
bath; $12.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny alcove room, fur-
nished; light housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye., Newly and elegantly fur-
nlshed parlor floor. .4 rooms; gas range.
~ ROOMS TO LET.
AT 310 A Geary St., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, Including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas: private bath;, electric bells}
telephone i servants; board optional; $33 mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or single) flrst-class
in every respect! terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath! rooms. 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second, between Market and Mission-
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
A— THB WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plasa; day or month.
BARTLETT, 631— Sunny front room; use of
piano; also suite* of rooms. ,': -,:
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all convenienses! families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124— Beat rooms in city; grounds; bath;
suite, $18) single rooms. $10.
BUSH, 1948— Furnished sunny room in modern
flat; respectable gentleman.
CLIFFORD. v 204 Ellis, cor. Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 312, near Taylor-rSmall sunny hall
bedroom for gentleman In private family.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— rented by
day, week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city..
ELLIS. 418— The Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single: $1 SO to $6 week.
ELLIS, 595— Newly furnished rooms, with or
without board; reasonable. "*•-", »r-
GEARY, 14A— Single room, running water, $1 25
per week.
GROVE, 104— Corner bay-window suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY, 556--Elegant sunny suite, piano, tele-
phone; other rooms; privilege light house-
keeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families^
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per -week. - *
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD, 1052—2 nice front sunny rooms for
gentlemen, $5 a month. '
HOWARD, 1109, near Seventh— Two large
front, bay-window rooms and one small,
prettily furnished. ■
JESSIE, 333— Large . sunny, front, bay-window
room, two gents, $10; also single room, $5,
JONES, Neatly furnished front suite; sta-
tionary wash Btand: also single: rent $3 up,
JONES, 60S-Large nicely furnished room suit-
able for 2; private. '
MINNA, 443*_— Furnished front room to let.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 725. bet. Bth A. 9th— 2 nice unfurn.
rms.; bay-window; front garden; big yard.
MISSION, -729"_, near Thirteenth— sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, bath, laundry, $3.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 805— Comfortably furnished sin-
gle room; gas and bath; rent reasonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room ' and
ladles' parlor; room per night. Sue to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 229— Sunny front furnished room;
$4 50. '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 28— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
prices reasonable; transient. ■
THIRD. 25— Sunniest rooms in San Francisco;
white lights; extra good beds; cheap. ;--.-..
VAN NESS, 904— Sunny front hall room; also
large room on parlor floor; gas and running
water; private family; reasonable. ■
I , , . , — - ._ !' ■■■'!_. , , — ... !
BOARDING AND ROOMS. /
CALIFORNIA, 1711, near Van Ness— Pleasant
sunny rooms; private family; references. .
FIRST. 416— Swedish private boarding. wltn
roem. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 712— Pleasant rooms] excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
PLEASANT room, with board: brth; price $20;
lady preferred. 10*5'_ Hayes st. : .
POST, 609, near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board: meals at all hours.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK, Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
__________________ .
R E STAIR A \TSL
CLEMENT; 8021— 512 per month; restaurant and
bar and 3 nice rooms at Sutro car house; lady
would board for rent.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
PERINI'S. 16 Mason st.— French dinner, 50c;
lunch. 2fc or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladles.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.; popular prices.
CHILURE BOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
I istofflce and cars; not younger than 8 years;
from responsible parties; good care. Address
MRS. F. W. . Yountvllle, Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home and yard for children, $5. 831',.
Valencia st., near Twentieth.
GOOD home for children. $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye, near Nineteenth st.
__-____--_____-__-_-
STORI'.S TO i.irr.
FOR rent— Large and beautiful store; prom-
inently located, facing the Navy-yard; with
or without fixtures; with kitchen, yard, sta-
ble and other accessories. Apply Philadelphia
House, 112 Georgia St., Vallejo, Cal.
STORE fixtures, show cases: suitable notion,
branch bakery; 4 living rooms, bath. (848
Folsom st.
STORE for rent; suitable for tailor or shoe-
maker; nice location; partly furnished If so
desired; rent $5 per month. 443 Guerrero st.
NEW store and 2 living rooms; good location.
2509 Folsom St., bet. Twenty-flrst and Twen-
ty-second.
CORNER grocery and bar; fixtures. 537 Bryant
st. ; key at 400 Third st.
STORE, 22x26 feet, suitable for storage or coal
and wood shed; rent $10. 72 Jessie st.
GROCERY and bar; good location; low rent;
living rooms. Apply 336 ***hlrd st.
_______________________
o_cF.tl_S~TO LET.
OFFICE, light and sunny; Emma Spreckels
building, 927 Market St.; rent $12 50; light,
heat. Janitor and telephone Included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
• offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
STABLES TO LET.
TO LET— Stable of 13 stalls, with covered wa-
gon room. 325 Twelfth st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling goad upright pianos for $6
Cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand' uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
a"few BARGAINS IN uprights.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, flne order 162
8 Kingsbury's, used 7 months 185
Vose, mahogany case 223
Sterling, used 18 months 276
All guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2 C and SO O'Bftrrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT high grade upright piano
new style mahogany case, will be sacrificed
by private owner for want of use. Room 12,
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
HOBNUNG'S Planes praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day! please examine. .10 McAllister si.
RARE chance— s4oo up; must sell for best offer.
1206 Devlsadero st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted! send
postal to COOKE. 108 l Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realise advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up! installments, $5 78 up;
rents S3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st.. next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. EOS Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post St. , ,
KNABE pianos! new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHAPE, 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old _nd new. 11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place
educational!
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 672-8 Parrott bldg.
AIRES' Business College. 723 Market st.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st. -. - ' .
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fillppe 7 .
Academy of Languages.. 32o Post» ablest profs. j
_l----i-i-E-£i^---_--_-_--§ ~~
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. BMITH. prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 6711.
PIERCE A TAYLOR Storage Company; pack- j
ing, advance, etc 735 Market; ttl. Black. _UU j
.... . . .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
EXPERT OPTICIANS-
CUT THIS OUT.
DO YOU SEE THE POINT?
If you go on allowing your eyes to smart,
ache, blur, etc., you may never be able to
make them strong again. I have studied the
know it is a patient, long-suffering
organ— but it will snap at last, and then all
the oculists and all the opticians in the world
couldn't put it together again. Any sensation
of pain is a warning. GEO. MAYERLE. Ger-
man expert optician, charter member Ameri-
can Association of Opticians, 1071»,3 Market st.
_ ' MEDICAL. -
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday: 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded.
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
CO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else, fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st. ;
pills, 31; very strong, $2.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physician, for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save lime and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023>_ Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure In
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly oil
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation- free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5. 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium.' 764-766 Clay st.,'San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over SOOO varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 8 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.: $150. Send 2. stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; *2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE - home in confinement; best refs.;
1640 V. Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEENS news for 5 cents- The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrappers for mailing. $1 per year.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for fresh beet and mutton— Of-
fice Chief Commissary. San Francisco, Cal.,
April 11, 1899. Sealed proposals lor furnishing
and delivering fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of commissaries
at Alcatrai Island, Angel Island. Benicia
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
Cisco and San Diego Barracks. Oil., until
11 o'clock a. m.. May 11, 1899, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Pronosals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to commissary at post to 1... supplied. S. F.
THORN, Major, Chief Commissary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., March 15, IS99— Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will be received here
until 12 o'clock m., April 14, I*'.<:>, and then
opened, for hew boiler, repairs to engine and
docking, cleaning and repairing U. S. steam-
er General McDowell. Government reserves
right to reject or accept any or all bids In
whole or ln part. Preference given to articles
of domestic production, conditions of price
and quality (including in the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal,
end such preference given to articles of Amer-
ican production produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the pub-
•llc service there. Information furnished on
application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be Indorsed "Pro-
posals for new boiler, decking, etc. of steam-
er," and addressed to J. M. MARSHALL,
Deputy Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
ana Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4. 1599.
1 - In accordance with resolution No. 2587
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals' will be received In open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17, 1899. from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finish's, etc., fur the. Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings, ln strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and died in
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 8, 1899, copies of which can
be Seen by Intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No 26
Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that all the material mentioned
ln the specifications shall be manufactured in
the State of California, and that all labor
] -T-iry In the manufacture of said mate-
rial a:.«l M.l labor necessary in llie erection
and completion of the work mentioned in ths
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing in the State of California.
And It Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work and
that the minimum rate of wages to ba paid
shall be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bide a certified check on some bank in
the city and county of San Francisco In a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of their bid. and the party or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter Into a bond
in a sum equal to one-fourth (Vi) 0 f the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of tne contract.
Bidders will estimate and slate a price on
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wlf
First— For all furniture, Including all metal
grill work In connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners docks; all courtroom
and other ratlings; hardware; metal shelvln.
and vault doom; ventilators. Bertlllon _y»-
tem- photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture.
Seoond— For gas and electrio combination
fixtures.
Third— water filtering system.
' Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— For electrical apparatus. switch
board and telephone system.
Bidders will bid with the distinct under
standing that separate contracts win _«
awarded for each class to the lowest res_
slble bidder. ' b. -..
For any further information required aa to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messr.
Shea & Shea. "•*"•
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former notice
in three dally newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publU
cation in the official newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank form.
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the city and county
of San Francisco in a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
If the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fail or
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award is made, then and
in that case the said sum shall be collected
and paid Into the City and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so requires. "
K . JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly-
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for Jl per year.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
~~~ "~ DAVID STERN & SONS,
Real Estate and House Brokers, 636 Market st.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
We offer the following properties at the ap-
praised value, but will receive BIDS at our
office until THURSDAY, APRIL 13, noon. All
bids subject to confirmation by Probate Court.
$8500— Rents $81; 3 new modern fiats. 525, 527,
529 Baker St., between Fulton and Grove, of
6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath each; cost a few-
years ago $13,500; Baker st. is on the boule-
vard to the park; 25x125.
$4500— Rents $49: 2-story frame building. 1104
Stockton st., between Jackson and Pucitic,
with a small expenditure this income can be
greatly increased;- 34x80.
$10,000—513 Pacific St., bet. Kearny and Mont-
gomery, new 2-story brick building, which can
be leased for $150 per month to a good tenant.
For further information and other properties
apply at office. •'"*".:
$500—75x100; HOUSE, 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER, «24 Market st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
. MISSION COTTAGES
Four. 5. 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side cf Twentieth St.. between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. makes loans on
second mortgages and estates; see him.
$100 CASH, $25 a month— s rooms, bath, base-
ment; lot 25x114; concrete walks: half block
from cars: 524 Elizabeth st., near Douglass.
J. ANDERSON, 118 A Eleventh St., owner and
builder.
$3100— RENTS $31: 2 Broadway bay-window
flats. Inquire 1128 Vallejo st. .
I _____ ___s_B!_g___l
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$600— HOMESTEAD abandonment, Sonoma Co.;
near railroad; plenty wood and water; good
-hunting and fishing; some level land. Box
960, Call.
II ACRES in Santa Cruz, with splendid im-
provements: cost $20,000, ask now $12,000; will
exchange for city property or grain and hay
ranch same value. PHILBRICK, 809 Shot-
well st.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County;. per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AG., 7 Grant ay.
$4800— BARGAIN; 160 acres rich farm land; well
improved; all fenced; plenty good water; 5
miles northwest from Livermore. For parti-
culars address RASMUS BJORN, Livermore,
Alameda County, Cal.
NEW rich land near city; email and large
tracts* 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-93 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st., 8. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre*, list free; crops sure. M. '
GRIFFfN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
PROPERTY' TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD-PAYING Eastern property for California
real estate, stock land preferred; table board
for groceries; table board for piano. 712
Eleventh st., Oakland.
FOR EXCHANGE— list of Alameda,
Berkeley, Oakland houses and lots to ex-
change for city property. City lots to ex-
change for a business property.
780 acres, 30 acres, 20 acres. 80 acres, In
Santa Clara County; 259 acres, 52 acres, 67
acres, 156 acres. Sonoma and Solano, for sale
and exchange; come and see my list of ex-
changes. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market St.
FOR SALE CHEAP OR PART EXCHANGE.
7-room modern home; Alameda $3000
9-room Mission property; rented 3600
Business office: value in stock 600
80-acre ranch, near county seat 1600
Apply to OWNER, 126 Davis st, room 131.
820-ACRE farm in Nebraska, $3200; clear; rent-
ed for 1899; for any good California property.
J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
. MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6*. per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money Bee H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
______________
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds store? and saloons bought: short
notice. J. OOLLOBER, 25 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger.3l2 Examiner big.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. !
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama .St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
433 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at So.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. . ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— s"l MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch; 4 large chicken houses, fine broodery,
4 nests. 12 compartments: 6-foot high wire
fencing; very complete for Immediate busi-
ness; will sell. If desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5
monthly: will make special terms if desired;
Allendale settlement, East Oakland: 63 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes; streets all. graded, some are
macadamised; near a fine 3-story school house
and 3 electric car lines, and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard; site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send- for circular, 455 Seventh st., near
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
6-ROOM cottage; large corner lot ln San Jose;
reduced from $2500 to ' $1100 cash. E. E.
BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR RANCH. "
Fine large property near business center of
Oakland to exchange for ranch within 50
miles of Oakland. Address box 1410. Call of-
fice. Oakland. ■■
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
HOUSEKEEPING.
TELEGRAPH aye., 604—3 large sunny nicely
•furnished front rooms for housekeeping; sink;
set range; bath: closets: pantry: $14 50.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 5, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy installments;
Just like paying rent: make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE As REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
st., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. !l,\'KE. 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY' REAL ESTATE. ~
SACRIFICED because of ill-health; lovely
home right ■at Ashby station; lot 60x122; s-
room and bath modern cottage; windmill;
nice lawn, etc.; only $1S50: $350 cash, balance
first mortgage. Address Home, Lorin. Cal .
MILK ranch and business for sale; Includes 1 \
acre of land. 3 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole 1
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness; 83 ;
milk customers; nets $90 month; situated In
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN, real estate and In-
surance agent, 2121 Stanford place, Berkeley. ]
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce -law a specialty; privte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Max G. Dyck and Christina L. Peterson.... 27-27
John E. Martin and Mapelette Edgar 25-23
G. W. Rosekrans and Bessie B. Brooks 22-20
Johan Kosklnan and Anna L. Nousiainem. 4o-29
Abram A. Foster and Charlotte E. Krug..2s-2S
Patrick Donelon and Ellen Donelon 33-29
Frederick Schwenkler and Anna Gemballa. 33-19
Walter D. Jones and Kate K1110n.... 23-19
G. H. Anderson and Mary' E. Nicholson... 37-27
John W. Donovan and Lizzie O'Brien 33-27
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HUNG— this city, March 24, 1899, to the
wife of Ylck Hin Hung, a son.
MANSEAT'-In this city, April 7, 1899, to the
wife of E. E. Manseau. a son.
RICHARDSON— In this city. March 5, 1899, to
the wife of James A. Richardson, a son.
MARRIED.
COLLINS— DE CAMP— this city, April 9.
1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry W.
Collins and Margaret de Camp.
KEARNEY— BERG— In this city, April 8, 1899,
by the Rev. Paul Branke, Francis P. Kearney
and Mrs. Annie Berg.
NOLD— WIEBALK— In Alameda. April 9, 1898,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Charles F. Nold
and Henriette D. Wiebalk.
NUSBAUM— In this city. April 8,
1899, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold. Albert Nus-
baum and Caroline Lisher.
Heley, Christopher T. McNally, Mrs. Ida
Keegan, James Nelsson, Johan
Zocchi, Rosa Newman, Patrick H.
Anderson. Mrs. B. O'Brien, Francis
Baines. Thomas F. Quill. Daniel ;
Eastwood, Mary F. Schneily, Leon
Emery, Simeon S. Steinberger, Dr. C.
Gregory, George D. Carr, John K.
Horan, Francis Heffernan. Michael
Kingston, Georgia Martin. George A.
Leighton, Catherine Williams. Edward M.'
ANDERSON— In this city. April 8, 1899, Mrs.
Beele Anderson, a native of California, aged
28 years.
E-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. G. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BAINES— this city, April 10. 1899. Thomas
Francis, beloved husband of Hanora Baines,
and father of Robert E. and Thomas E.
Baines, a native of County Mayo, Ireland,'
aged 56 years.
ff-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
CARR— this city. April 10. 1599. John K.
Carr, a native of Terra Haute, Ind., aged 43
years 3 months and 3 days.
EASTWOOD— In this city, April 1", 1899, Mary
F., beloved wife of Richard Eastwood, mother
of Thomas, Richard. Cassie and Nellie East-
wood, daughter of Mrs. W. C. Burnett, and
sister of Mrs. Grace Evans and Mrs. Clara
Barrie, a native of New York, a;ed 46 years
4 months and 24 days.
E_*r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 77 Clementina street, near Second. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EMERY— In Alameda, April 9. 1899, Simeon S.
Emery, a native of Maine, aged 65 years.
C_?*The funeral will take place this da?
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GREGORY— this city,' April 9. 1899, George
D. Gregory, a native of England, aged 70
years.
E_rFuneral services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, at his late residence,
920 Geary street. Services and Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
HEFFERNAN— In this city, April 10, 1899.
Michael, husband of Mary A. Heffernan. and
father of Mary X.. Retina M. and Frank M.
Heffernan, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land.
HELEY— In this city, April 9, 1899. Christopher
T., beloved son of Christopher W. and Julia
Heley, and brother of Mrs. Jennie W. Evans,
Mrs. May Mealier and Michael H. Heley, a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years and
I months.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at • 9 o'clock, from ...e residence
of his. parents. 1011 Howard street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HORAN— Ia this city. April 10. 1899, Francis,,
beloved son of Terrence and Annie Horan, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
KEEGAN— In this city, April 8, 1899, James,
beloved husband of Mary Keegan. and father
of James Keegan, a native of County West-
meath, Ireland, aged 65 years 1 month and 21
days.
CTFrlends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 43 Tehama street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a solemn requiem high;
mass will be celebrated, for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
• Holy Cross Cemetery.
KINGSTON— In Butte, Mont., April 9, 1899,
Georgia, son of Paul and Minnie Kingston.
and nephew of the late Jeremiah Hulley,-
aged 1 years 6 months and. 19 days. _».*.;
E-TNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LEIGHTON— In this city. April 10, 1899. Cath-
erine, wife of the late Charles Leighton, ami
beloved mother of Mrs. R. Simpson, Mrs. A.
Morrison. Mrs. C. Tynan and Charles Leigh-'
ton, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years. - :
McNALLY— In this city, April 9, 1899, Mrs. Ida
McNally (nee Shaffer), beloved wife of Frank
H. McNally. mother of George and Frank 1
McNally, and daughter of Mrs. Marlon Shaf-
fer, a native of Grass Valley, Cal., aged 34"
years and 4 months. : - ,:
(£7 Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend ■ the funeral this day.
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 723 Gough street. Cremation Odd'
Fellows' Cemetery. -j
MARTIN— Sacramento. April 9. 1899. George'
Alexander, beloved husband of Minnie Mar-'
tin, father of Virgil E. Martin, and son of
C. S. and M. E. Martin, a native of Illinois,
aged 25 years 4 months and 10 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dsy.
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 842 Alice street. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
NELSSON— In this city, April 10, 1899, Johan
Nelsson, a native of Sweden, aged 25 years.
NEWMAN— In this city, April 10. 1899, Pat-
rick H. Newman, a native of County West-
meath. Ireland, aged 58 years. (Albany, N."
' V., papers please copy.)
IC7* Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square. ;
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 10, 1899, Francis.
O'Brien, late of Gold Hill, Nev.. beloved
brother of Patrick O'Brien, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 62 years and 7
days. A member of Magnolia Lodge, A. O. U.
W., of Gold Hill, Nev. ;•
CT - Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29
Fifth street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.,
by 10:40 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
QUILL— In this city, April 9, 1899, Daniel, be-
loved husband of Josie Quill, father of John
and James Quill, and brother of John Quill,
a native of Coiinty Cork, Ireland, aged 36
years. -''--.v. --'li*- ■'
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street. .-''--:-'
SCHNEILY— In Oakland, April 9, 1899, Leon,
husband of Marie Schneily, father of Leon
Schnelly Jr., and son of Joseph Schnelly, a
native of California, aged 36 years.
" B_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1388 Twelfth street. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
STEINBERGER— In this city. April 9. 1899,
Dr Charles Miller Steinberger, beloved hus-
band of Pilar S. Steinberger, a native of
Philadelphia. Pa., aged 69 years. . *.
E_TFrlends and acquaintances and comrades
of the G. A. R. are respectfully Invited to
attend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 11
o'clock, from the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co., US Geary street. Interment National
Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland, April 9, 1599. Ed-
ward M . beloved son of William and the late
Agnes M. Williams, a native of California,
aged 12 years and 1 month.
ZOCCHI— this city. April 8, 1899, Rosa,
dearly beloved wife of Denis Zocchi, and
mother of Louis P. and George A. Zocchi, a
native of Switzerland, aged 77 years and 6
months.
s_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day-
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 15 Union place, off Union street, be-
tween Dupont and Stockton, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul (Italian) Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated '
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock.
"HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st!. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
1112
THE VANDERBILTS
WILL COME TO
SAN FRANCISCO
Contract Signed Yesterday by
Which They Acquire a Ter
minus in This City.
By Way of Santa Cruz and Fresno They
Wilt Bring Into California a Second
Road in Competition With the S. P.
NY a contract signed by their agents in New York City on the
M D sth inst. the Vanderbilts have become the owners of the West
% Shore road io Santa Cruz. They a/ready had control of the pro-
posed Fresno-Monterey line, and these two systems they propose
% to connect nith their Salt Lake-Los Angeles road, now built to
& Pioche, Nevada. By this combination of routes they will bring into
$5 San Francisco their transcontinental system, to work with the Santa
$2 Fe the salvation of California in bringing against the monopoly of
i& C. P. Huntington the destructive force of pure competition and hon
£ orable business policy.
J- o •->•*>•-£►•-:•• ■:■ • c**o*o*v*v'<>*o*<>vv*c>^^^
The Vanderbilts have secured ln this
city a western terminal to their lately
-.ought transcontinental railway sys
tem. By a deal consummated in New
JYork City on the sth of the present
ouonth they secured of Behrend Joost
and his associates the rights of way
and the franchises of the West Shore
"Railway from San Francisco to Santa
Cruz via Colma and Pescadero, and for
'some weeks past they have had prac
tical control of the Monterey-Fresno
line from Monterey to Fresno through
the Coast Range via Walker Pass.
"From Fresno a connection with the
•road they are now building from Salt
!__ake City to Los Angeles is simply a
ixnatter of laying ties and tracks.
Not alone is the Santa Fe to stand in
(competition with the Southern Pacific
«of Kentucky, and nearly every other
; State of the Union. Not alone is the
(Santa Fe to take up for the man of the
Jioe and the man of the mills of Cali
fornia the competitive fight for rates
and profits and the fair living that the
soil of this State should render its
every tiller. Against the capital and
"brains of C. P. Huntington, the monop
olist, are set the brains and capital of
the Vanderbilts, those multi-millionaires
of the East who have builded world-fa
mous fortunes by open fighting and fair
competition, and it is now no more than
the time required to fill with track and
prosperous stations the two gaps that
exist before San Francisco will be send
ing Its drays and its clerks to receive
the cargoes hauled in under the steam
of the second competing road.
The negotiations that resulted in the
-leal of the sth inst. were opened some
six weeks previous to the late visit of
the numerous Vanderbilt parties to
this coast. Simultaneous with their ar
rival here came a representative of the
."Vanderbilts' New York agents, Free
man & Jones, of 51 Broad street, New
York. Laden with the field notes of the
numerous surveys that have been
made, provided him by Behrend Joost,
he traveled and inspected the route of
the proposed road from this city to
'Santa Cruz.
Not only did he look into the feasibil
ity of the road itself, but he investi
gated thoroughly the income-producing
capacity of the country which it taps.
The redwood forests that surround
Pescadero and the dairies and farms,
the most extensive outside the San
Joaquin Valley and more fertile than
they, impressed him at sight, and his
favorable observations he communi
cated directly to the Vanderbilts dur
ing their much-written-of stay at Del
-Monte.
Communication between them and
their New York agents at once ensued.
Through General W. H. H. Hart, who
has long been their advising atttorney
on this coast, Behrend Joost was ap
proached and through him the rest of
the West Shore Company. Joost and
his confreres were in a proper state of
mind to talk business on business prin
ciples. For more years than history
cares to tell of it the completion of the
coast road to Santa Cruz has been
Joost's annual dream. Late in '97 he
had got all of his rights of way. There
•were some stickers alone the route and
they held out for stiff prices, but popu
lar pressure finally had Its effect and
the May was clear for a seventy-min
ute competing track to the seaside city.
Then Joost and the company discov
ered either that they did not have or
did not care to risk the money the road
and its rolling stock would cost Quietly
the deal was called off and Joost came
on the market to sell his franchise.
It was valuable and worth the price
he asked and more. Besides the clear
Tights of way about $65,000 had been ex
pended In grading a roadbed over the
most difficult portion of the proposed
route, a strip of beach at Waddell
Creek, twenty-two miles from Santa
Cruz. Add to this the fact that the line
extended from San Francisco's water
front at a point south of Islais Creek
•up the creek and out of the county by
•way of Colma, and ran thence to San
Pedro Point and along the coast
through seventy miles of the grandest
marine scenery that California boasts,
and Mr. Joost had probably as market
able a piece of property as could be
found waiting a purchaser.
But the market was timid of Mr.
Joost. At the mention of his name on
the street it held up its financial skirts
like an old dame at a mouse. In Its
prejudice lt was blinded to one of Its
best opportunities and finally the west
shore line was hawked over the streets
and offered for anything to anybody.
Then the Vanderbilts got their Salt
Lake line on the way to Los Angeles
builded as far along as the little min
ing town of Ploche, over In Nevada.
Three months ago the papers told of
a mysterious surveying party that had
been laying out Its line and driving its
significant little red-topped pegs Into
the shifting sands of the deserts be
tween the thirst-stricken Nevada line
snd the orange groves of tho southern
city; and they told further of an agent,
of whom no one knew or would tell,
who went along ahead of them and
bought up or secured rights-of-way
over the country to be surveyed. All
was done quietly and without ostenta
tion. Not the cleverest correspondent
could get a line on the story and it
remained as much a mystery until to
day when back from New York came
the contract that made it all as plain
as day.
By its terms the Vanderbilts assume
cf Behrend Joost and his fellow-stock
holders the entire right of way of the
West Shore Railroad Company from
San Franicsco's water front via Islals
Creek, Colma, Halfmoon Bay and Pes
cadero to Santa Cruz. In return they
guarantee to grade and build the road,
establish stations and equip with such
rolling stock as the traffic may demand.
This for the present and for this end
of the line.
The visit of the Vanderbilts to Del
Monte, however, developed the fact
that the West Shore transaction was to
be merely incidental to the main propo
sition. They were not looking for a
mere source of pastime in Pacific Coast
finance, but under the guise of a rol
licking pleasure trip were seeking out
a western end, and a means of getting
to it, to that petty hobby, recently real
ized, of Mr. Vanderbilt's, his transcon
tinental road.
Their trip to Monterey was not so
much to gather sea mosses and catch
perch from the end of the one lone
wharf as to inspect the dock and ter
minal facilities of the proposed Mon
terey and Fresno Railroad.
Over that line the rights-of-way and
franchises have also been clear and the
road bandied back and forth across the
market since '96. It leads from Mon
terey to the heart of the San Joaquin
by the most direct route, Walker Pass,
and from there a connection with the
Salt Lake-Los Angeles road is an easy
possibility at almost any point on the
desert, and, for the most part, over
Government land.
Upon equally good authority it is said
that the Vanderbilts have secured, on
practically the same agreement, the en
tire line of the last named road.
Between the terminal of the West
Shore line at Santa Cruz and the Mon
terey-Fresno line, there is a gap of
forty-four miles extending round Mon
terey Bay, which is covered by neither
franchise nor rights-of-way. but the
people of that section have been for so
long going into debt to C. P. Hunting
ton for their tree slips and seeds, that
an easy road is open to the agent of
the Vanderbilts now working in that
section.
It was rumored that they were nego
tiating with the Spreckels people for
the narrow-gauge road now owned by
them from the prosperous city of
Watsonville to that equally thriving
burg, Salinas, but this John D. Spreck
els denies, and states that he will main
tain that road solely as an adjunct to
the Spreckels beet-sugar interests in
that locality and as an agent for the
further building up of the two coun
ties. There are two or three routes,
however, other than that occupied by
the Spreckels line by which Monterey
or Salinas may be reached, and the
agent for the Vanderbilts In this city.
General Hart, anticipates no trouble in
acquiring one of them.
The acquisition of Santa Cruz and
Monterey as stations on their line will
give the Vanderbilts an equal shipping
advantage with the Southern Pacific.
The two cities command the opposite
boundary points of Monterey Bay,
which is, even in heaviest weather, an
Ideal anchorage and only a short haul
from this city. The advantage will be
with the Vanderbilts for the reason
that their route along the coast is over
an hour shorter than either of the
Southern's Pacific's present lines and
will cost, comparatively, nothing in
maintenance.
The contract which binds all this
and makes of an airy possibility a cast
iron assurance that the Santa Fe and
Valley roads in their combination are
to have the weight of independent mil
lions and fair, open principle with them
in their fight against the relentless and
dollar-marked tyranny of the Southern
Pacific. With California's new and
splendid opportunities in the Orient is
to work jointly the facility of competi
tive transportation from the markets
of the whole country and the document
received yesterday puts these possibili
ties beyond the grasp and greed of C
P. Huntington.
It was signed in this city for the
West Shore Railway Company on
March 25 by R. S. Thornton, the presi
dent, and by R. J. Willats, the secre
tary. Then It was forwarded to New
York and signed by Freeman & James
agents for the Vanderbilts, on the sth
inst, It guarantees to the stockholders
that the New York people shall fully
equip the road with modern steel
bridges, track and rolling stock, and
that they, the shareholders, shall par
ticipate proportionately to the amount
of their stock in the only company in
the new concern.
General Hart, who holds the contract
cannot speak to a certainty but says
he Is authoritatively Informed that ac
tive work will be begun within the next
sixty days. '
Sarsfield Chronic Ulcer Salve, for the
treatment of ulcere and Bores, Is a posi
tive cure. It has been a standard rem
edy -for forty years. All druggists/ •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 11, 1899.
DREAMS OF GOLD THAT
BID FAIR TO COME TRUE
.Mine of the Yellow
.Metal Discovered
Within Limits of
the City,
——____» 1 1 1. i -
Harry Ostwaldt at the Discovery Hole in the Sand Danes.
Indications, to two men at least,
are that a ledge of quartz carrying
gold in sufficient quantities to
make them millionaires has been
uncovered within four blocks of an
electric car line in the city of San
Francisco. To be more exact, the sup
posed bonanza was uncovered within
the limits of block 798 in the Sunset
district, bounded by Thirtieth and
Thirt* --first avenues and X and L
streets.
P. F. Zammitt and John F. English
are the men who see visions of untold
wealth in the rock exposed in a hole
less than eight feet In depth. More
than a week aero The Call published
the first Intimation that these gentle
men were gold hunting In the sand
dunes. Both of them are well known
SYMPATHY IS
ALL FOR THE
MURDERED WIFE
No Kind Words for
Capt. Yon Schmidt.
RELATIVES AGAINST HIM
I :
ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE FUN
ERAL COMPLETED.
Body of the Bloodthirsty Yachtsman
Remains in the Morgue With
No Day Fixed for the
Obsequies. .
The remains of Mrs. Isabelle yon
Schmidt, who was stabbed to death yes
terday by her husband, have been re
moved from the Alameda Morgue to the
undertaking parlors of C. H. Wever,
where the unreal services will be held
Wednesday morning. ' The body will be
cremated at the Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
San Francisco. Nothing has been done
toward arranging for the funeral of Cap
tain E. A. yon Schmidt, who stabbed him
self to the heart with the same keen
blade with which he had taken the life of
his divorced wife.
The sympathy of the dead man's rela
tives is with the murdered woman. They
have no kind words for the man who com
mitted the barbarous deed. "They has
tened to arrange for the last sad rites
over the mortal remains of the wife,
while the body of the husband still re
mains at the public Morgue, with no date
set for Its disposition.
Major Charles L. Tilden, whose wife Is
the sister of Captain yon Schmidt, ar
ranged all the details for the funeral of
Mrs. yon Schmidt, and the expenses will
he borne by the relatives of • the mur
derer.
The five little children of Mr. and Mrs.
yon Schmidt are at the residence of Major
Tilden, where they will be given a home
The little tots were devoted to their
mother and cannot be consoled. All
through the night and yesterday they
continually sobbed for "mamma." Col
onel A. W. yon Schmidt, their grand
father, Is prostrated. He Is a man well
advanced in years, and it Is feared that
the shock of the terrible crime will hurry
him to the grave.
A pathetic story is told of the oldest
child, Rose. Saturday evening, in com
pany with her mother, she visited a local
dry goods store, and exhibiting' a bright
five-dollar gold piece said: 8
in the downtown districts, Mr. Eng
lish being a commission merchant at
Clay and Davis streets, and Mr. Zam
mitt having but recently closed out a
similar business. As a consequence of
the publication in The Call, the pros
pective bonanza kings have been guyed
unmercifully by their acquaintances,
but, conscious of their superior knowl
edge of sand dunes and relying
on the extent of the ledge uncovered
and the assays received from it, they
have stood the chaffing good-naturedly
and bided their time. Now they seem
to be certain of themselves and talk
and are going to work as If, as Zam
mitt says, "It is just like picking gold
up on the streets."
"We have discovered not only a mine
but a bonanza," said English yester-
"Papa gave me this to buy something
all for myself." .
She made her own selections of some
ribbons and goods for a frock, paid her
money and received her change with
childish satisfaction and proudly left the
store. The little girl saw her father fall
after he had driven his cruel dirk-knife
through her mother's heart and turned
the blade upon himself. Now the child
abhors the trinkets she purchased with
her father's gift and will not even handle
the silver coins that were given to her. in
change. - -;
No autopsy. will be held on the remains
of the deceased. Coroner Mehrman made
a casual examination of the bodies yes
terday and stated that the cause of death
was so apparent that an autopsy was not
necessary. Any one of the five gaping
wounds in the woman's back was suffi
cient to cause death. They are deep,
ghastly cuts, three of them penetrating
the heart. Four of the five strokes. Yon
Schmidt directed at himself reached a
vital spot, and it Is the opinion of physi
cians who examined his remains that he
literally hacked his heart to pieces.
It is learned that since his di
vorce troubles Yon Schmidt withdrew
from all the fraternal orders to which
he belonged except the Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers.
As an evidence of the man's violent
temper it is stated that he has frequently
threatened the life of his sister, Mrs.
Charles L. Tilden, and on one occasion
made her kneel before him and look down
the barrels of a loaded shotgun which he
held before her with the hammers at full
cock.
The Inquest will be held to-night at the
office of Deputy Coroner James Fowler.
If the child Rose is able she will be called
upon to give her version or the tragedy.
Aside from her testimony, no new deveu
opments are looked for.
GLASSWARE DAT.
Borne articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut BO' per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
. Stores Everywhere.
For Lack of Prosecuion.
■ The case against Victor Magnin,
charged with threats to kill by Oena An
derson, was dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday, as the complaining witness
failed to appear. The Judge said he had
evidently bee*' Imposed upon in issuing
the warrant, as the young woman was
apparently crazy and had been laboring
under a delusion. I
Flor De Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First class stores have them on sale.
If your dealer does not carry them, send
us three dollars for a box of twenty-five
PI or de Heyneman Dellclosas, expressage
prepaid. State color wanted. Money re
funded to you If cigars not satisfactory.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. •
Mrs. McNally Poisoned.
Dr. Zabala reported to Coroner Hill yes
terday that Mrs. Ida McNally came to
her death from chronic gastritis coupled
with dilation of the heart. She had suf
fered from gastritis for several years. It
was thought at first that death was
caused from eating mushrooms at the
Nevada restaurant, and It was bo reported
by the police upon the belief of the
woman's husband, but the story was ex
ploded by the statement of the restaurant
proprietor In yesterday's Call to the effect
that no mushrooms were on the menu on
the day on which the deceased and her
husband dined there. Furthermore the
Nevada restaurant uses th« cultivated,
Sand Dunes Covep
a Ledge of.Jlu
rifle Quartz of
Great Promise,
day. "Considering the nature of the
ore and the nearness of the ledge to
the city, we are nothing short of mill
ionaires. After removing three feet of
sand we struck the quartz, which, on
its surface, assayed $6 to the ton. At
four feet depth the assay value of the
rock was $11 52.
"The ledge on the surface is fifteen
feet wide. At eight feet deep it nar
rows to ten feet and at thirty feet it
may narrow to a mere line or it may
widen again to fifteen or thirty feet.
As we descend the quartz becomes
harder and harder, which leads us to
believe that free gold will be found at,
say, twenty feet. By soundings which
we have made we know the • ledge,
which runs almost due north and
south, extends from the point of dis
covery six or seven hundred feet
northward to the ocean. The ledge has
been traced also for some distance to
the sputh of the discovery."
The faith of English and Zammitt
in the bonanza was attested yester
day, when they sent out to the place a
sand pump in order to carry off the
water, which has covered the bottom
of the hole. It was being placed in po
sition when a reporter for The Call
reached the ground by Harry Ost
waldt, who. If a bonanza really is
concealed in the sands, will have the
honor. of sharing the original discov
ery with Zammitt. He is camped
within twenty feet of the discovery
shaft in a wall tent, which he has
shared, ever since the first pick was
struck in the ground, with Zammitt,
who Is an old prospector.
To the lay eye, the hole in the
sand dunes has not the look of an en
trance of a Golconda. It is a ragged
looking rent, about ten feet long, in
as forsaken a spot as there is on the
peninsula. Wild strawberry plants,
wilder jackrabbits and an unclassified
collection of doodlebug constitute the
flora and fauna. There are no trails
for the reason that a footprint In the "
sand lasts no longer than the coming
of the first breath from the ocean. To
get to the. place one has to trust more
to instinct than intelligence and even
that would be at fault in a day when
the fog rolls in. With all these disad
vantages the ledge uncovered may be
the bonanza English and Zammitt
think it Is. They certainly have had
good assays, but it remains to be seen,
after they have put to work the
large force of men they say they in
tend to employ, whether the entire
ledge or any great portion of it will
Justify sending to the mill.
not the wild mushroom, hence there can
be no question as to the matter.
De Koven and Herbert.
Dp .Coven & Herbert music Is still the go at
the Zlnkand. •
FIGHTING COMMANDER OF A BABY CRUISER.
Naval Officer Whose Little Craft Captured the Spanish Steamer Panama
Is in the City.
COMMANDER W. H. EVERETT, U. S. N.
COMMANDER WILLIAM H. EVERETT arrived in this city Sunday and is
a guest at the Occidental. Commander Everett made a name for him
self during the late war that will be honored in history. He it was who
commanded the little lighthouse tender Mangrove, which made captive
the big Spanish trans-Atlantic liner and auxiliary cruiser Panama, bound
from New York to the Cuban capital. She carried a crew of seventy-two
men, thirty-nine passengers and a big cargo of corn and other provisions for
the beleaguered city. The little tender escorted her big prize into Key
West and it was the most surprising achievement in the war. \
Commander Everett has been ordered to report to Admiral Dewey, and ha
Is on his way to Manila to assume' command of the steamer Iris,' which was)
purchased from England by the United States Government when the war f
began. " : '_--' ; l
ADVERTISEMENTS-^^ ' 3
Wild Witr
Hands and Limbs Covered with Blisters and
Great Red Blotches. Scratched Until Almost
Wild. Burned Like Fire. Sleep Impossible.
CUTICURA Remedies Bring Speedy Relief
and a Permanent Cure at a Cost of Only $2.
I was a sufferer for eight years from that most distressing of
all diseases, Eczema. I tried some of the best physicians in the
country, but they did me little
tgood. The palms of my hands
_ r w^^^^£m I|^. were covered, and would become
/ *-fll_B__i inflamed ; little white blisters at
___Mu___^-!-i first would appear, then they would
/^^l^^^S K_* peel off, leaving a red, smooth sur-
hAjStW- ■•' W&nkT face which would burn like fire and
■■ itch ; well, there is no name for it.
On the inside of the upper part of
__f^^t_^_Wr^__^ both my limbs great red blotches,
• ___§___R_TiF/-___l |^^^r. not unlike hives, would appear,
$Wto OT_^^-i^__l and as soon as I became warm the
wl^P^^ll_3 M' burning and itching would begin.
\^Elf;' ! V /t Night after night I would lie
\\ I ' awake all night and scratch and
I almost go wild. I heard of Cuti-
cura Remedies, got them and
gave them a thorough trial, and
after a few applications I noticed the redness and inflammation
disappear. Before I had used one box there was not a sign of Eczema
left. I can truthfully assert that $2.00 worth of Cuticura Remedies
cured me. There has been no sign of its return anywhere upon my
body since I wrote you I was cured, nearly four years ago. Hardly
a month passes but what I receive a letter or some one calls and
wishes to know how I got cured, if I had Eczema bad, and if the
cure has been permanent, etc., etc. I always take pleasure in en-
lightening them the best I can.
JOHN D. PORTE, Pittsburg, March 1, 1899.
Of John D. Porte & Co., Real Estate and Insurance, <■
428 Fourth Avenue, Pittsburg, Pa.
The agonizing itching and burning of the skin, as in eczema ; the frightful
■caling, as in psoriasis ; the loss of hair and crusting of the scalp, as in .called
head ; the facial disfigurement, as in pimples and ringworm, the awful suffering of
infants and the anxiety of worn-out parents, as in milk crust, tetter, and salt
rheum all demand a remedy of almost superhuman virtues to successfully copo
with them. That
Remedies are tuch stands proven beyond all doubt No
statement is made regarding them that is not justified by the strongest evidence.
The purity and sweetness, the power to afford immediate relief, the certainty of
speedy and permanent cure, the absolute safety and great economy, have made
them the standard skin cures and humor remedies of the civilized world. The
treatment is simple, direct, agreeable, and economical, and is adapted to the
youngest infant as well as adults of every age. Bathe the affected parts with
hot water and CUTICURA SOAP to cleanse the surface of crusts and
scales, and soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing, and
apply CUTICURA OINTMENT freely, to allay itching, irritation and in.
fiammation, and soothe and heal, and lastly take the CUTICURA RE'
SOLVENT to cool and cleanse the blood. This sweet and wholesome treat-
ment affords instant relief, permits rest and sleep in the severest forms of eczema
and other itching, burning, and scaly humors of the skin, scalp, and blood, and
points to a speedy, permanent and economical cure when all other remedies and
even the best physicians fail. The SET, price $1.25; or SOAP, 25c.; OINT-
MENT, 50c, and RESOLVENT, 50c. (half size), may be had of all druggists and
stores where medicines are sold throughout the world. Send for How to Cure
Eczema, free, of the Sole Prop.,POTTER DRUG 4: CHEM. CORP., Boston. Mas*.
NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of the Custom House in Saa
Francisco.
SB 1 DIIPO
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
Commencing THURSDAY. April 13.
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY ST.
We received imperative instructions to sell
out this unsurpassed collection without reserve.
Do not fail to attend. Goods on view Wednes-
day.
TURKISH RUG CO.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Painless Dentistry.
dfffepjHi) Fillings - • 50 cts
¥MW Crowns - - $3.50
Pl_.l*M
EHr xi! fII if" $*•""
Wk_ 11 ALL WORK
™3* " WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth st., Cor. Stevenson.
H PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER,
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS
For the Past 7 Years.
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD. GLASS. METAL, STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any other
paint, stands 500 DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC. DURABLE, WASH-
ABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and FOULING
in SALT WATER, CORROSION and RUST
from exposure. Send 25c for -SAMPLE bottle
and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEGAMOID?"
'■",■ WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
61 and 62,' Chronicle Building. S. F.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
! For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.
Price ___ bottle. For sale by druggists.
frills Man Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pirn.
.. _plea and purify, the blood.