•VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 46.
ALAMEDA'S REPUDIATED ASSEMBLYMAN
ADMITS THAT HE GOT GRANT'S MONEY
HOWARD E. WRIGHT
SOLD HIMSELF AND
WOULDN'T STAY BOUGHT
Speaker of the Assembly Admits Receiving
Money From Grant.
GOKGLUSIYE PROOF OF HIS VENALITY.
Played Triple Traitor, First to His Honesty, Second to His
Constituents and Then to the Man Who Had Relieved
His Financial Distress.
|i 4 CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Jan. 14.—
:. ■■•■;.■]■ toward E. Wright of Berkeley, Speaker of the Assembly, re
ceived Si 6so from U. S. Grant Jr. through his political mana
:...•■ ger, Milton S. Green, in return for the promise that he would
ite for Grant for United States Senator.
Mr. Wright has failed to keep his promise and carry out his
.•••part of the bargain and sale. Instead of voting for Grant he
../.-.•has elected to cast his Senatorial ballot for D. M. Burns, in de
fiance of the wishes of the people who elected him. He would
,'.■; not stay bought. The nature and amount of the obligation ac
•■; : knowledged by Mr. Wright when he cast his vote for Burns are
. only partially known. Precise knowledge on this point is unr
\/ -necessary, as the rules of trade are sufficiently familiar to the
:,\ people of this State to enable them to form a reasonably correct
in the matter, the amount paid by Grant being
■v'vJdiown. Mr. Green acknowledged having paid Mr. Wright the
1 ■•-money, and also that he paid it for the purpose mentioned. My.
:;:. Wright admits having received the money from Mr. Green, and
>.; -also that it was paid to him under the distinct understanding
.^/tjiat he should vote for U. S. Grant for Senator. There can be
;:•:; .no mistake. Aside from Mr. Wright's admission and Mr. Green's
;;; ; acknowledgment, there are letters and receipts in existence
W which fully prove the facts as they are here stated.
There are two other matters upon which Mr. Wright
. V touches in his admission which should be mentioned at this
•:•; point. One is the statement, the truth of which cannot be
.. vouched for at this time by The Call, that Wright went to W.
F. Herrin, manager of the Southern Pacific Company political
bureau, and asked for $1200 with which to defray his election,
expenses. Mr. Herrin, according to the statement, declined to
pay over so large an amount oi money at one time, but com pro
mised by paving Mr. Wright $800.
The other is Mr. Wright's sworn statement of the amount
of money expended by him during the campaign, as provided
for by the purity of election law. According to Mr. Wright's
sworn statement, now on file in the office of the County Clerk
of Alameda County, he spent a maximum sum of $74 during the
campaign. In his confession Mr. Wright declares that the
money he received from Milton Green in return for his prom
. ises of support of the Senatorial candidacy of U. S. Grant was
put into his own campaign in order to insure his election to the
Assembly. In making this statement Mr. Wright confesses him
self a perjurer.
Finally, Mr. Wright acknowledges that he is going to con
tinue to vote for and work for D. M. Burns, and that he in
tends to ease his conscience by making restitution to Mr. Grant
within a few days.
Mr. Wright's admission was made to a representative of
The Call at the Golden Eagle Hotel in this city last evening.
It was as follows:
"I am forced to admit the truth of the statement that I
received money from U. S. Grant, or, rather, from Milton S.
Green, his political manager, with the understanding that I
should support Mr. Grant's Senatorial candidacy. I am now
supporting D. M. Burns, and I intend to return the money I re
: ceived from Mr. Grant through Mr. Green.
"I went to Mr. Green prior to the meeting of my district
convention pnd told him that I needed money to buy off a man
named Pringle, who also wanted the nomination for Assembly
man in my district, I told Mr. Green that I was friendly to Mr.
Grant and felt kindly toward his Senatorial aspirations.' I told
him that I would have to have $200 right away to buy off Prin
gle. He gave me the money and afterward gave me $400 more.
"I was in a bad way financially and after the campaign was
.opened I stopped in Sacramento on my way to Grants Pass to
close a land deal. While here I wrote to Mr. Green from the
Sutter Club, telling him that I needed a certain amount of
• money to meet a very pressing debt. ; Mr. Green paid the debt
for me.
"In all I received $1650 from Mr. Green. Circumstances
have intervened to prevent me voting for Mr. Grant for Sena
tor. I feel that I owe it to Mr. Grant and to myself to pay
. back the money that was given me prior to my election, and I
: intend to do so within a few days.
"I never received any money from Mr. W. F. Hexrin of
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
HON. WILLIAM D. KNIGHTS.
The Sacramento Assemblyman Who Stood Firm for
Decency in Spite of the Threats of the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company.
the Southern Paciiic Company. I intended to go to him for
money, but Guy Earl advised me not to do so. It is not true that
1 asked Herrin for Si 200, and that I told him that $200 of the
amount was for the purpose of inducing Pringle to withdraw
from the contest for the nomination in my district. I deny that
I asked for $1200 and that Herrin gave me $800.
"I had a hard tight in my district and most of the money
I received from Mr. Grant through Mr. Green 1 put into my
campaign.
''I intended to carry out my promise to vote for Grant, but
when the scandal about Clough and the others became public
I made up my mind that I would get' out before an exposure
came. I thought I could get out and pay back the money, and
thus save myself."
Such is the admission of Howard E. Wright, Speaker of the
Assembly, the man who played the part of traitor to the voters
of his district by voting for D. M. Burns against their ex
pressed wish. This is the man who, as Speaker of the Assem
bly, threatened last night to make an order expelling the legis
lative correspondents of this paper from the floor of the Assem
bly because they have been instrumental in exposing the man
ner in which two of the Senatorial candidates have debauched
and are seeking to debauch legislators.
The attention of the honest
and honorable members of the
Assembly is called to the facts
concerning Speaker Wright as
they are set forth in this article,
and the public is left to judge as
to who should be expelled from
the Assembly chamber — the men
who have exposed him or he who
has violated the trust imposed on
him by law and society.
PRINGLE DENOUNCES
WRIGHT'S STATEMENT
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— "There is not a
particle of truth in the story that I re
ceived any consideration from Howard
Wright for getting out of the Assembly
fight." said Councilman Pringle to-night.
"I was forced out of the fight and was
not reimbursed even for the political
printing I had done. I have heard such
rumors, but there is not any foundation
for them in fact.' 1
HONEST MEN SHOW
THEIR APPROVAL
OF W. D. KNIGHTS
Loud and. Prolonged Applause Greeted His
Defiance of Threats.
STRONG ANTITHESIS TO WRIGHT'S ACTION
After All His Boasting of Gains That fere to Come,
Burns Stands Jnst Where He Did at the Close of
the Previous Day's Balloting.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.-C, B. JILSON OF
SISKIYOU AND HOWARD E.
WRIGHT OF ALAMEDA remain on
the roll of dishoner. Four ballots were
taken for United States Senator to-day
and on each ballot these two men voted
for D. M. Burns. They expected that
three others would join them in betray
ing the people, but their hopes in this
regard were not realized.
The strength of Burns was dim
inished to-day by the absence of As
semblyman Miller of San Francisco.
General Barnes sustained the loss of
one vote by reason of Senator Strat
ton's absence. Assemblyman Cheno
weth would have voted for Grant had
he been present and twenty-eight votes
would have then been cast for Grant.
As it ■*. as Assemblyman Marvin of
Humboldt went back to the Grant fold,
thus enabling the San Diego aspirant
to maintain his strength of twenty
seven.
The event of the session to-day was
the spontaneous and prolonged ap
plause which followed the announce
ment of Assemblyman Knights' vote
for W. H. L. Barnes. It was common
talk in Sacramento last night and the
statement was published in the San
Francisco press that Mr. Knights had
been "stood up" by the railroad in
fluence controlling the Republican
County Committee of Sacramento and
compelled to desert General Barnes'
cause and enroll himself for Burns.
Profound silence reigned when the
chief clerk of the Assembly called the
name of Knights. When the Assembly
man responded, "W. H. L. Barnes," the
admiring applause evinced in the clap
ping of hands vigorously was prolonged
and renewed. The members on the
floor and the spectators in the lobby
and gallery participated in the tribute
to a man who had manifested the cour
age to stand up for the rights of the
people against the trickery and bull
dosing of the railroad gang and the
touts of Dan Burns. The approval was
not manifested by the shouts of the
rough element, but the volume and
character of the applause testified that
the good people, in their joy that this
Assemblyman had displayed in the
open the courage of his honest senti
ments, were proud of him and honored
the record he had made for himself
and the State.
To-day the name of William D.
Knights, the courageous man who rep
resents the Twenty-first Assembly Dis
trict in the Legislature, is honored
throughout the length and breadth of
the fair State of California. In the
camp of Dan Burns there is infinitely
more respect entertained for him than
for a thousand Jilsons or Wrights of
the legislative ilk. Whatever may be
the political faults and failings of Dan
Burns he has nothing but contempt for
a fellow creature who falls down.
After all the boasting and vaunting
of the "Colonel's" friends concerning
the Candelaria gains on the balloting
to-day. Burns is just where he stood
yesterday., counting the absentee, Mil
ler, in his favor. The hopelessness of
the struggle to elect Burns United
States Senator is now obvious to his
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
friends. It Is recognized that the moral
influences of the commonwealth have
been aroused to action. Multitudes of
j letters and messages arriving here,
calls for mass meetings at home and a
widespread sentiment of resentment
against his candidacy have served to
convince the supporters of the Colonel
that the people cannot be ignored in
the selection of a Senator to represent
California in Congress.
The outlook for Grant is equally aa
gloomy and hopeless as that for Burns.
Boodle is the one element that has ad
vanced Grant's voting strength to
twenty-seven. The proof of the bood
ling is now so direct and overwhelming
that no more gains can be accomplished
by corrupt tactics. The managers of
the Grant campaign ought to compre
hend the real facts of the situation and
relieve the San Diego statesman from
further distress in the fight. The Burns
men are firm and resolute in their de
termination to defeat Grant. In the
light of transactions no longer con
cealed from the public gaze it is doubt
ful if Grant could hold his seat in the
United States Senate if he should re
ceive the requisite number of votes for
a choice. The scandalous use of money
to procure his election would be the
subject of Congressional investigation
as soon as the facts were officially pre
sented to the Senate.
It was fancied by some of the specta-
I tors that the Burns men would rally a
man or two on the fourth ballot, as
they made a grandstand play against
adjournment, but the play was called
by members voting against the propo
sition to adjourn. The strength of the
Mexican was not increased on the
fourth show down of the day. The bal
loting next Monday may record some
changes. General Barnes is in a fair
way to gain a few votes. He has held
his own steadily from the beginning
and made one advance. The General
went to San Francisco to-day, but will
return to his headquarters to-morrow
evening. He is the popular man of the
hour and every change in his favor
enlists applause. He has conducted his
campaign in a spirit of friendship and
cordiality for other candidates.
KNIGHTS WILL NOT GO
AGAINST HIS CONSTITUENTS.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— Assemblyman W. D.
' Knights refuses to accept the dictation
of the railroad push in Sacramento. Ha
will not vote for Daniel M. Burns un
j til he is fully assured, in an unmistak
able manner and beyond any question
[ of a doubt, that it is the wish of the
j people of the Twenty-first Assembly
: District. Mr. Knights will not desert
i the standard of W. H. L. Barnes simply
because a County Committee, controlled
I absolutely by a division superintendent
! of the Southern Pacific Railroad, at the
i dictation of W. F. Herrin, indorses the
] candidacy of the mine-jumper of Can
\ delaria and then endeavors to coerce
j this honorable business man and mer-
I chant into doing the bidding of the cor
i poration.
There is only one way open whereby
Mr. Knights can be prevailed upon to
change his vote in the Senatorial con2
INCIDENTS OF THE DAY AT SACRAMENTO
te.et. If a mass-meeting of the voters
;OI his Assembly district is called and
the sentiment expressed by that mass
meeting is clearly indicative of a desire
fpr the Assemblyman to cast his
vote for some Senatorial candidate
6ther than General Barne*, then Mr.
Knights will carry out the wishes of his
people as shown by the mass conven
tion.
But he will not accept the dictum of
any packed assemblage. He does not
propose to be deceived by any gather
ing of race track touts and Southern
facine wire pullers who might possibly
assemble at some point in the Twenty
first District and endeavor to mold
public sentiment.
The mass meeting must be attended
and participated in by the representa
tive citizens of the district before Mr.
Knights will be in any way guided by
its action.
Last evening Mr. Knights was taken
. to Colonel Burns' headquarters
.prest-nted t<. him. He had at that time
concluded to accept the action of the
Republican committee of Sacramento
County as an expression of the wishes
of his constituents. He therefore in
formed Colonel Burns that he would
vote for him to-day.
Air. Knights fully intended to do so,
but before the Senate and Assembly-
convened In Joint session this morning
a committee of the most responsible cit
izens, including prominent business and
professional men, called upon Mr.
Knights, and in the name ot the re
spectable and honorable people of the
Twenty-first Assembly District they
asked that he continue to vote for (Jen
oral W. H. L. Barnes.
This expression, coming from the high
source it did, convinced Mr. Knights
that the action of the Republican com
mittee in indorsing Burns meant noth
ing. He saw that it had been brought
about by unfair methods and at the
BOle dictation of the political agents of
W. F. Herrin and J. B. Wright. He
thereupon assured the committee that
he would continue to vote for General
Barnes until his constituents expressed
a desire for him to do otherwise.
. After the Assembly adjourned this
afternoon Assemblyman Knights' desk,
which is situated in the center of the
hall, on the main aisle, was surrounded
by a number of admiring Senators and
Assemblymen. They pushed forward
and grasped his hand and extended to
him hearty congratulations for his bold
and manly stand. Mis. Knights was
sitting by his side, ami a gladsome
smile of pleasure graced her expressive
features as she looked up and saw her
husband receiving the applause of his
fellow-members and friends for having
given such unmistakable evidence that
he was every inch a man.
"Until the voters of my Assembly
district indicate to rt»e beyond any
doubt that they desire me to change
my vote from General Barnes to some
other Senatorial candidate I do not
propose to do so," said Mr. Knights to
a representative of The Call. "Last
evening after the County Committee
hii% indorsed Colonel Burns I believed
th.it it was an expression which 1
should heed. I was taken to Colonel
Burns and presented to him. I said to
him that I would cast my vote for him
to-day. I fully intended to do so. But
this morning I was waited upon by a
company of gentlemen, constituents of
mine, sufficient In numbers — of unques
tioned character and standing — to sat
isfy me that they spoke for the district.
They request! d me to continue to vote
for General Barnes. I informed them
that I would do bo, because I felt con-
fldent from their representative char
acter they expressed thf true and un^
biased wishes of my people.
"I propose to continue in my present
course until it is demonstrated to my
satisfaction that my constituents want
me to change. When 1 am satisfied
that they desire that I should support
gome other candidate then I will do 30,
but not till then.
"I do not iir.'pns.' to do the bidding of
any corporation as long as 1 am in this
Legislature. The best way to determine
thf sentiment of the people of my dis
trict as to whether or not I should
change my vote is by a mass-meeting
of the representative men of the dis
trict. By the action of that maße-meet
ing. if it is a representative gathering,
I would be largely guided. But I am
not K°ingr to be duped, bulldosed or
coerced."
This is the statement of a brave,
courageous and honorable man who is
striving to do his full duty as he sees
it and who will not be led astray by
Herrin and his gang of political high
binder?. '
THE DAY'S BALLOTING
BROUGHT ONE CHANGE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14- — Assemblyman
Knights of Sacramento voted for Dan
Burns on neither one of the four
joint ballots taken to-day for United
States Senator. On the contrary As
semblyman Knights kept right on vot
ing for General W. H. L. Barnes, and
for his constancy he was rewarded with
as mighty and hearty a shout of com
mendation as ever went up in the As
sembly chamber.
All through the morning the Burns
forces had advertised it in every cor
ner of the hall that Knights had been
won over. Not won but forced. Shame
lessly they boasted that the weight of
Herrin's influence invoked in their
cause yesterday and the made-to-order
instructions of the Sacramento County
Republican Central Committee had
availed and that the first ballot would
see Knights sign his name to the black
list. Every member on the floor was
made aware of their supposed tfeccesS
nor was the Senate neglected, and
j everything was done that could be to
use the fact as a lever and moral
weight on other contrary votes.
But Knights rendered their boasting
of no effect. He was seated at his desk
with Jlrs. Knights and a party of
friend* when the ballot began and at
tracted no more attention than any of
the Burns crowd. That is Mr. Knights
did not until his name "was reached in
the roll call. Then he became for longer
than Speaker Wright cared to rap with
his gavel the man of the house, and
no one of his friends looked so pleased
as did Mrs. Knights when he answered
"Barnes" to the roll cA(I in a voice that
said he meant it. Cheers went up from
all over the hall and the man who did
i not go to the Mexican was so much
embarrassed that his wife was com
pelled to bow his acknowledgments.
Assemblyman Marvin of Humboldt
also precipitated applause. After shin
ing for two days as Charles N. Felton's
other vote Dr. Marvin returned to the
camp of Grant, .there to remain for an
indefinite period. Dr. Marvin has gained
a reputation as a natural born switcher
since this joint ballot began. He opened
it by putting George A. Knight in
nomination for the Senate. He was sec
onded in his nomination by Boynton of
j Humboldt and for the day represented
the Knight strength on the lloor. Dr.
Marvin went over to Felton next day
and there remained until to-day, when
he decided to represent Grant's gain
of one.
"Although the San Diegan rolled up
only twenty-seven votes to-day he is
actually entitled to one more; that of
Chenoweth of Orange, who was ab
sent through the day because of the
serious illness of his mother. Mr. Che
noweth has been a persistent Grant
voter from the start and has announced
his intention of remaining as such so
the southrons were not worried to-day
when he failed to transpire. Senator
Stratum was another of the absentees
anc 1 General Barnes' total was not as
large by one because of it, but Stratton
will be on hand Monday and his vote
will be ca6t as formerly.
There was a good bit of wrangling
after the second ballot and only a roll
call would settle whether the voting
would continue or adjournment be
taken. The vote decided for the ballot
and things progressed evenly until the
fourth had oeen taken and no change
resulted, when another fight was pre
cipitated and an opportunity created
for the Garfield of Santa Clara to come j
to the front with a grandstand play
for his Mexican master. He was in one
of those close communions with himself
that have been since the session opened
the one relaxation of a hard-worked
Senator. The Shortridge communion
was In active operation throughout the
roll call until the name broke the
Shortridge trance, and instead of giving
off a commonplace "Aye" or "No" the
pride of the valley, one hand on his
bosom, shouted lustily, "Dan M.
Burns." He was jeered to the echo,
but that's naught to a Shortridge, and
satisfied with having relieved the ten
si-. n of more serious matters the trance
was resumed.
Pursuant to the decision had in cau
cus yesterday the Democratic minority
stayed with its politics and voted an
other list of party favorites. On the
first ballot Judge Coffey of San Fran
cisco was honored; on the second
Judge William M. Conley of Madera;
on the third General Hamilton of
Placer, and the fourth Charles D. Lane.
The first ballot resulted as follows:
For Barnes— Senators Dickinson, Luch
singer, Morehouse; AssemDlymen Ather
ton. Clough, Knights, Knowlton, Lard
ner, Muenter— 9
For Bulla— Senators Currier, i-.mpson;
Assemblymen Belshaw, Conrey, Cosper,
Mellick, Miller of Los Angeles, Robin
son, Valentine— 9.
For Burns — Senators Bettman,
Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
ridge, Wolfe; Assemblymen Arne
rich, Barry, Beecher, Cobb, Devoto,
Dibble, Henry, JILSON, Johnson,
Kelsey, Kelley, Kenneally, Lund
quist, McKeen, Pierce, Rickard, Eu
gene Sullivan, WBIGHT— 2S.
For Grant— Senators Boyce, Cutter,
Jonts. Maggard. Nutt. Smith. Trout;
Assemblymen Bliss. Blood. Cargill, Clark,
Crowder, Dole, De Lancie. Greenwell,
Le Barron. McDonald of Alameda, Mc-
Donald of Tuolumne, Merrill, Merritt, Mil
ice Radcliff, Raub, Raw, Works, Huber
—27.
For Knight— Senator Gillette, Assembly
man Boynton— 2.
For Felton— Assemblyman Brown— l.
For Scott— Senator Davis, Assemblyman
Dun lap— 2.
For Rosenfeld— Senators Feeney, Hall
—2.
For Bard— Senators Flint, Rowell— 2.
For Faterson— Senator Taylor, Assem
blyman La Baree— 2.
For Estee — Assemblymen Anderson,
Wade— 2.
The second was the same as the first
with the exception of the name of the
minoritiy candidate. The third and
fourth ballots brought no change and
adjournment of the joint convention
was taken to Tuesday at noon, when
the fight will be resumed.
ROUTINE WORK IN
THE SENATE CHAMBER
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKNTO, Jan. 14.— U. S. Grant, Mayor
James D. Phelan of San Francisco and
Charles L. Patton were among the visit,
ors to the Senate chamber this morning,
and were interested spectators of the pro
ceedings.
One of the most important matters pre
sented for the consideration of the Sena
tors was Trout's constitutional amend
ment abolishing the Board of Railroad
Commissioners. It is the same as the
amendment already introduced in the As*
s«>mbly by Radoliff, and as both gentle
men are from Santa Cruz it would appear
aa though that county had a special an
tipathy to the board. The proposed
amendment reads as follows:
"A resolution to propose to the people
of the State of California the repeal of
section 22 of article XII of the constitu
tion in relation to Railroad Commission-
ers.
"Resolved by the Senate, the ABsembly
concurring, That the Legislature of the
State of California at its regular session,
commencing on the second day of Janu
ary, IS-K9, two-thirds of the members elect
ed to each of the two houses voting in
favor thereof, hereby propose that sec
tion 22 of article XII of the constitution
of the State of California be repealed."
The question of the necessity of ballot
ing for United States Senator on Sunday
was brought up and quickly decided In
the negative. Bettman moved that when
the Senate ndjourned it be until Monday.
Simpson wanted to know if a ballot was
necessary^ to-morrow. Bettman read the
following telegram from Senator Perkins
in reply to one sent by Bettman asking
for an opinion in the matter:
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 13, 1899.
Hon. S. M. Bettman. Sacramento, CaL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
Senate Judiciary' Committee: State Leg
islature is required to vote for Senator
only on legislative days. Therefore Sun
day is excepted.
GEORGE C. PERKINS.-
Morehouse said he had looked up all the
laws bearing on the subject and was sat
isfied that no vote was necessary «n Sun
day. The motion was carried unani
mously.
Dickinson, from the Finance Committee,
Introduced four bills prepared by the Con
troller, one of which amends the act gov
erning commitments to Whittier; the sec
ond transfers $40,000 from the railway tax
contingent fund to the school fund; the
third. transferring $80,000 from the general
fund to the estates of deceased persons
fund and $100,000 from the school fund to
the estates of deceased persons fund.
After adopting the report of the janitor
regarding the purchase of new furniture
for the Senate chamber and commlttee-
rooms, Assembly concurrent resolution
relating to the conversion and appropria
tion of the waters of streams for irriga
tion purposes was read and referred to
the Federal Relations Committee.
Assembly Joint resolution No. 3, in
structing the Congressional delegation to
endeavor to secure an appropriation for
the completion of the jetty in San Diego
harbor, was adopted under a suspension
of the rules.
Wolfe Introduced a bill to compel sav
ings banks to publish sworn statements
of all unclaimed deposits in their keeping.
Referred to the Committee on Banks and
Banking.
ASSEMBLYMAN DIBBLE MOVES TO ADJOURN TILL MONDAY.
Sims offered a resolution, which was
adopted, instructing the State Printer to
print 600 copies of ex-Governor Budd's
second biennial message and COO copies of
Governor Gage's inaugural address.
Resolutions authorizing the president of
the Senate to increase the County Govern
ment and Township Organization and the
Roads and Highways committees by two
members each were referred to the; Com
mittee on Rules.
Gillette offered a concurrent resolution
which was referred to the CommKtee on
Federal Relations requesting the Congres
sional delegation to work for an appropri
ation for the completion of the improve
ments at Humboldt Bay.
Cutter offered a resolution instructing
the sergeant-at-arms to purchase and the
Comptroller to pay out of the contingent
fund therefor $75 for rubber stamps for
uae of the Senators. Referred to the
Committee on Attaches.
A petition was presented from the Pres
byterian church of Chico requesting the
Senators and Assemblymen to enact a
Sabbath law.
When the Senate reconvened after the
joint convention Braunhart. speaking to
a question of privilege, denounced as un
true the insinuation of a San Francisco
paper that his bills limiting the pay of
court stenographers and reducing the
rate of interest are in the nature of
"cinch" measures.
The Senate then adjourned until 10 a. m.
Monday, the following bills having been
introduced during the day.
THE CHARTER WILL BE
CONSIDERED TUESDAY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— San Francisco's char
ter was this morning made the special
order in the Assembly for Tuesday morn
ing, immediately aiter the reading of the
journal. It was done upon motion of As
semblyman Cobb of San Francisco, and
finally removes that , precious document
beyond any slight danger there may have
been of its suffering by amendment at the
hands of the Judiciary Committee.
It was feared by the more nervous of
the friends of the document that Dib
ble's motion of yesterd*y to recall it from
the Committee on Municipal Corporations
and rereftr it to the Judiciary Commit
tee preceded an attempt to cut out certain
Motions objectionable to the San Fran
cisco push, but the truth is that, though
Dibble is said to have had some such in
tention, he was the only one of the com
mittee who had, and would not have been
strong enough to effect his plan. The
charter hats not been for a minute in any
actual jeopardy, and Dibble himself will
vote for it when it comes up for its final
reading and passage.
This howl of danger to it and these
pleas for eternal vigilance have been to
effect no other purpose than the spectacu
lar plan of advertising just now the one
idea of Mayor Jnmes D. Phelan. Does
there go out an announcement that the
charter is being considered and Mr. Phe
lan's daily issue blazons forth "Danger to
the charter," and Jamesy, with Eddie Fay
tagging along to see to the immaculate
polish of the Phelan shoes, and the bur
nishing of the Phelan tile, resumed since
election, hurries to the Capitol. It is a
clevor somersault before the grand stand,
but it has no excuse in reason. The ona
man in Sacramento who is out against
the charter is Martin Kelly, and Martin
Kelly has not a vote he can throw against
it. His political influence in the present
Legislature is a minus quantity, and the
good old has-been spends his time in
friendly tips that carry no weight and
harangues characteristic of the days
when he was an influence to be figured on
in things political.
At the earnest solicitation of Mr. Phe
lan he was accompanied to this city by
Hon. Charles L. Patton, and with Pres
ident Dohrman of the Merchants' Asso
ciation and Henry N. Clement, they ap
peared in the Assembly chamber this
morning, but departed after the Question
at interest had been disposed of until
Tuesday.
By the adoption of a resolution intro
duced by Blood of Calaveras, all City
and County Clerks in the State will here
after be provided with two copies each
of every bill relative to municipalities or
county government.
The Committee on Attaches, which held
an unimportant meeting last evening,
filed its report, in which it recommended
that all committee chairmen immediately
submit the names of their clerks that
they might be duly appointed.
Assemblyman Valentine was in the
chair during the greater part of the morn
ing, and at ten minutes after 10 he called
a recess until 11:45 o'clock, when the As
sembly reassembled and adopted a reso
lution providing that when the Assembly
adjourned for the day it should be until
11:30 o'clock Mondny morning 1 .
The joint Senatorial ballot was begun
at noon, ajid after four votes had been
taken the joint convention adjourned un
til Monday noon, and the Assembly to the
hour on Monday agreed upon earlier in
the day.
THREE IMPORTANT
BILLS INTRODUCED
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— Assemblyman Meade of
Los Angeleß is out after the many and
| variegated so-called investment compa
| nies. The Western slope has for the past
j half a dozen years been a prolific field for
| about every catch-penny scheme that a
clever grafter can conceive, and few of
them have ever resulted in anything save
profit to the promoter. San Francisco
and Les Angeles particularly have been
successful fields of operation. Mutual
benefit associations have builded up
assets of thousands of dollars out of no
apparent capital, and although Califor
nia's code does not permit of preferred
stocks in its corporations, so-called pre
ferred stocks, thinly disguised, guaran
teeing ai< r where from 6 to 12 per cent
' per annum to any one who cares to put
i his saving* in them, have been unloaded
all over the Slat.-, ami every year ha>
its story to tell of one or more of the con
cerns going broke, its patrons with it.
It is these institutions that Assembly
man Meade is after, and the more reputa
ble class as well. Among the numerous
good bills he has already introduced is
one that he handed up to the clerk's desk
| this afternoon, which brings all of these
! associations under the class known as
building and loan associations, and makes
1 them amenable to the rules and regula
' tlona of the Building and Loan Cum
! mission.
The bill also hits a solar plexus blow
j at those building and loan association*
I whose methods are as questionable as
i their assets, in providing that any mcm
i ber or investor shall have the right to
I withdraw from the association upon
, thirty days' notice, and that if his mi
i vestment and accrued interest be not
paid within ninety days after formal no
tice is given, the corporation may issue
no more of its stock until such with
drawal is fully liquidated.
An association shall be insolvent when
its assets are less than the dues that have
| been paid in, and any insolvent associa
tion roust pare down the face of its stock
enough to offset its arrearages or go into
the bandi of a receiver. The provisions
i ol the lilll relating to insolvency are taken
! from the laws now In effect in New York,
j Illinois and Indiana.
Works of San Diego also introduced a
bill regulating the appointment of not
aries public. Under the present law the
only qualification necessary in an appli
cant for a notary's certificate is the sig
; natures of two citizens of standing In
his community. Under the law proposed
by Works, an applicant must undergo ex
amination by the Superior Judge of his
county and must have lived in the county
in which he makes application for a year
or more.
A bill, said to have bean drafted at the
request of associated labor, was intro
duced during the morning, and bids fair
to attract considerable attention before
it Is finally passed. It takes a iar step
forward for the betterment of the men
who am employed in factories, foundries
or in any business where stationary ma
chinery is used ;ind where the record of
1 injuries is necessarily a long one. By the
provisions of the act all employers are re
quired to provide for men injured while
on duty their surgical attention and
medicines and such other things as their
recovery may necessitate. The limit to
the -employer's liab.uty is fixed at three
months, and if he fails to do as the act
requires he shall be liable for damages
in three times the- amount expended by
the employe on his own account.
BULLA AND GRANT ARE
NOT THROWING BOUQUETS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA :
MENTO, Jan. 14.-Robert N. Bulla and
General W. H. L. Barnes were to-day tied
in the Senatorial contest. Each had nine
votes. Owing to the fact that Senator
Stratton of Alameda had returned to his
home. General Barnes' strength was di
minished by one vote. It will be with him
again on Monday. The Bullaites had their
dally caucus at 5 o'clock this afternoon,
and agreed to all stand together for Bulla
during the balloting Monday. As yet
there are no signs of any additional votes
coming to the Buila column.
As the days go by the entente cordiale
between the Grant and Bulla men be
comes more strained. The. winning over
of Assemblyman Huber by the Grant peo
ple has angered some of Bulla's friends,
and they are very bitter about it. Assem
blymen Valentine and Mellick. and possi
bly Conrey, will never vote for Grant
under any circumstances. Kut Senator
Simpson, Senator Currier and Assembly
man Miller can probably be prevailed
upon to do so should they ever leave
Bulla. This would give Grant four of the
eight votes from the Los Angeles delega
tion. Bulla is not voting just now, but
should his name ever be dropped he will
then be in a position to exercise his right
to vote, but he will never go to Grant. It
is asserted positively that under no cir
cumstances is there a vote in the Los
Angeles delegation for Burns, and this is
undoubtedly true. The Los Angeles Sen
ator or Assemblyman who casts his vote
for the Candelaria colonel is ready for tne
political undertaker, as far as his future
prospects in Los Angeles County are con
cerned. There are a number of Los An
geles politicians who desire Burns' elec
tion, but they can be named and told off
on the fingers of your two hands. Among
them might be named William E. Dunn,
ex-City Attorney; Frank P. Flint, United
States Attorney; H. Z. Osborne. United
States Marshal; "W. F. Parker, Governor
Henry T. Gage and his satellites. But
these parties 3o not cut any figure in the
Republican politics of their home county
any more. They cannot swing one vote
from Bulla to Burns, if Bulla retires from
the fight, save for a good round consid
eration.
The Grant men. on the other hand. ar«
very bitter against Bulla. They think
that if Grant could have tho eight votes
from Los Angeles County he would be
on the high road to an election. That
would give him only thirty-five votes, and
he would still be lacking twenty-six of the
required number. But as long as Bulla
remains in the fight Grant will not have
any more Los Angeles County votes than
he has to-day. The treacherous Huber
will probably stay with him to the end,
or at least until he sees fit to "do poli
tics" and make another switch. * lye
Grant supporters in Southern California
have announced that If they ever leave
Grant they intend to vote for Thomas R.
Bard of Ventura. They said that under
no circumstanCf-s will they go to Bulla.
Bard now has two votes. Senator Ches
ter Rowell of Fresno and Senator Thomas
Flint of San Benito are voting for Bard
just at present.
BULLA'S SUPPORTERS
WANT GRANT NEXT
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jnn. 14.— Thpre will be quite an
effort put forth by the friends of U. S.
Grant in Los Angeles during the next
few days to prevail upon the Los Angeles
delegation to drop Bulla out of the fight
and go over to Grant, on the ground that
by so doing they will probably insure the
election of a Southern California candl-,
date, or at least lend their aid to that
end. To-day a number of individual tele
grams were received by Bulla' s Los An
geles County supporters from parties who
were delegates to the last Republican
convention held in that county to the ef
fect that they believed that Bulla could
not be elected and that it was now time
for them to go to Grant. In addition to
the individual telegrams a general tele
gram extensively signed was received by
Senators Simpson and Currier. It fol
lows:
We, the undersigned delegates to the Re
publican county convention, believe that the
instructions to representatives to the Legis- i
lature to vote for R. N. Bulla have been car- I
ried out, and believing that he cannot b« :
elected hereby request that you at once vote i
for U. S. Grant and thus elect a Southern Call
fornian United States Senator.
W. LEMOTNE WILLS,
• W. M. GARLAND,
E. B. MILLER.
S. S. BULLFINCH,
B. F. ORR,
D. F. DONEGAN,
FRANK GILLESPIE,
CAL F. HUNTER,
M. M. GILLESPIE,
ROBERT A. ROWAN.
E. M. HALLETT.
E. A. HEMSEMAN.
W. BOUFILIO.
- E. ESTERBROOK.
E. R, WERDIN.
CHARLES M. SMITH.
R. B. PIERCE,
A. M. ELSON.
P. S. McKENZIE.
J. A. NELSON,
A. E. POMEROY.
P.. L. HAZEN.
HOWARD ' RAMES.
R. WILLIAMS.
F. TANTERIO,
J. C. CLINE.
The names signed to this telegram are
in many cases those of prominent Re
publicans.
■ ♦ ■ ■
OAKLAND REPUBLICANS
REPUDIATE WRIGHT
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The Oakland
Times this morning published the fol
lowing:
CITIZENS TO REPUDIATE THE
ALAMEDA BURNS LEGISLATORS.
The sentiment in this community has
been so outraged at the possibility of
California being represented in the United
States Senate by a man of the character
of Dan Burns that steps have bec-n taken
to call a mass-meeting, to be held this
evening- t Exposition Hall, formerly
Mills Tabernacle, to express a popular
protest.
It is proposed to make this a big demon
stration of disapproval by the reputable
Republicans of Alameda County of the
action of those Senators and Assembly
men who voted for Burns. Prominent
speakers will be present and address the
meeting, and an effort will be made to
bring public sentiment to bear on the
legislators of this county, who, it is be
lieved, misrepresent their constituents.
The arrangements for the meeting have
not been completed yet, but Exposition
Hall, formerly Mills Tabernacle, has
been engaged for this evening.
The action of Speaker Wright in voting
for Burns has evoked a storm of protest
and it is proposed to make to-night's dem
onstration one that will leave no question
as to Alameda County sentiment.
The meeting was postponed owing to
the Municipal League Convention and
wet weather.
MARVIN HOLDS THE
RECORD AS SWITCHER
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— Assemblyman G. D.
Marvin of Humboldt County has the rec
ord for the week on changing his vote
in the Senatorial contest more frequently
than any of the hundred and twenty mem
bers of the Senate and Assembly who
have now given over the greater portiqn
of five days to thirteen fruitless ballots
in an attempt to elect a United States
Senator.
Assemblyman Marvin started out by
voting for George A. Knight. Then on
the second day he changed his vote to
Grant. On Thursday he made another
switch and voted for Charles N. Felton.
Friday he still remained true to ex-Sena
tor Felton, but to-day one more change
and again he cast his vote for Grant.
Assemblyman Marvin has made four
changes in live days and has voted for
three different candidates. Where he will
ultimately wind up it is hard to predict,
but the Grant men think h<s will now re
main with them.
-'it is nobody's business how T vote,"
said the Assemblyman from far off Hum
boldt, when questioned to-day as to who
his next choice would be. "I vote as I
see lit and as I believe my constituents
would like to have me vote and they are
the only people who have any right to
hold me accountable. Further than this,
I do not care to discuss this question at
all."
Mr. Marvin admitted that he thought
Grant was the choice of a good many of
his constituents, but not all of them. He
denied emphatically that he had been in
fluenced In switching his vote so often by
any consideration other than that of dis
charging his duty to his constituents as
he conceived it. The Grant men think
that Marvin will be with them when the
balloting is resumed Monday, but as a
matter of fact no one save Marvin him
self knows what camp he will be in when
his name is called for the fourteenth bal
lot.
DEMOCRATIC SENATORIAL
TIMBER EXHAUSTED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— 0n the four ballots
taken to-day the Democrats exhausted
the Senatorial timber they had selected
to mark with the empty honor of their
thirty-three votes, save in one instance.
On the first ballot on Monday they will
vote for Hon. Abbott Kinney of Los An
geles. No caucus has yet been officially
called to select Democrats to be voted for
on the other ballots which will probably
be taken during the day, but it Is under
stood that a meeting will be held early
on Monday morning to make a selection
for five more ballots. Senator Feeney
continues to vote for John Rosenfeid and
Utterly ignores the action of the Demo
cratic caucus. On some of the ballots
Senator Hall joins him, but not often
The Democrats are growing weary' of
the deadlock, but thus far there seems to
be no general sentiment among the mi
nority members in favor of interfering
The majority of the Democrats seem to
favor the idea that the Republicans
should settle their own family
fight. There are some Democrat? how
ever, who do not feel this way and who
are ready at any time to offset the votes
of any Democratic members who may be
unduly influenced to vote for a Republi
can. This fact is known to the Burns
push, and it is not pleasant information
to them.
THE FIRST WAVE OF
ECONOMICAL LEGISLATION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14. -This Legislature of 1599
has come to the Capitol pledged to econ
omy in the fullest and against the multi
tude of commissions that have flourished
for years for no other purpose than the
spending of their appropriations.
The light was begun this morning in the
Assembly, when Grove L. Johnson of Sac
mento Introduced a resolution instructing
the Committee on Commissions and Pub
lic Expenditures to begin an investißcUion
into every commission with offices at the
Capitol and elsewhere and to report as
soon as is practicable those that may be
weeded out, and others that may consist
ently be reduced or consolidated with
others.
Mr. Johnson's resolution, which was as
follows, was adopted by a unanimous
vote:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commls-
Fions and Public Expenditures be and they are
hert-by directed to Inquire Into the manage
ment of all the State commlsßlons and report
to the House hy bill or otherwise what, it any,
chanpfs are net-decl therein, and what, if any.
commissions could be abolished, and what, If
any, saving can be effected In th» management
of said commissions. And said commission la
hereby given power to send for persons and
papers in order to make a thorough and com
plete investigation.
Feenev Wants Pure Elections.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 14.— The bill introduced in
the Senate to-day by Feeney of San Fran
cisco, amending the purity of elections
law, amends section 18, making It manda
tory upon the District Attorney to insti
tute proceedings against violators of the
provisions of the act on receiving infor
mation of such violation. If he should fail
to prosecute after receiving such infor
mation he shall be deemed guilty of mis
demeanor and shall forfeit his office.
Section 32 is amended to provide that
any person offending against the purity
of elections law is a competent witness
agiinst another offender, and he may be
convened to testify. But the testimony
so siven shall not be used against him,
and the person so testifying shall not be
liabU thereafter to indictment or pre
sentment or prosecution for his offense.
Wrong Credit Given.
LAlii, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, j an 14.— The Call this morning,
in referi to the constitutional amend
ment exempting churches -and chapels
oin » tu>!ltl( which was introduced in
tne hcnaie yesterday, inadvertently cred
ited the imendment to Senator Braun
inirt. It vas Senator Wolfe who had the
honor of cfrerlng it.
THE TAX COLLECTION
LAW IS LEGAL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 14.— A letter received by
Governor Gage knocks the bottom out of
the scheme planned by San Francisco and
Sacramento lawyers to collect on behalf
of forty-two counties of this State large
sums on the settlement of State taxes.
It was roughly estimated that $1,500,000
was due the variois counties as commis
sions for the collection of State taxes.
The claim was put forward by tho law
yers in the scheme that the bill in the
Legislature of ISS3 repealing the act which,
allowed commissions to the counties for
the collection of State taxes did not re
ceive a constitutional majority in the
Senate. The records of the Senate were
cited to prove that only twenty Senators
voted for the repealing act. ' Senator
Campbell's name was not recorded as
voting.
Contracts were therefore made between
the attorneys and the Boards of Super
visors by which Devlin & Devlin of this
city and Slack, Rodgers & Paterson of
San Francisco were to receive from 25 to
40 per cent of all the money collected from
the State.
The Call thoroughly exposed the
scheme, showing conclusively that if
M, 500,000 wus taken from the State treas
u"> to reimburse the counile.3 .for com
missions under : the old law, tlic Sta'e
v.o'iid be compelled to levy a tax on the
various ccrnties to 'make good the sura
B'i taken Iroin the treasury. Tho tax
payers would therefore losr> all that ■was
gained from the State, and in addition
be- compelled to pay nearly a haif ir.iliiou
dollars. to the lawyers.
There is no longer a doubt th.it the law
Vv ii3 passed in a constitut'oual manner.
Senator Orr.pbell has written the follow
ing letter to the Governor:
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 9, 1899.
His Excellency. Governor Henry T.
Gage, Sacramento— Dear Sir: Referring
to the repeal of the law in 1893 allowing
county officers a commission for collect
ing the State's portion of taxes I wish to
state that the bill had my hearty support
throughout and also my vote on its final
'passage. But evidently through a clerical
or typographical error my name, which
should appear as voting aye on the .final
passage. was omittt»d in the printed pro
ceedings. Very respectfully.
# R. H. CAMPBELL.
Senator Second Senatorial District, Ses
sion of 1891-83.
PROBABLY PERISHED
DURING THE STORM
Vain Search for a Mining Prospector
Who Is Missing From
Bedding. .
REDDING, Jan. 14.— Charles Rurglen,
one of the two men who had been miss
ing from Iron Mountain for five days,
turned up safe and sound late yesterday
noon. The horses for which he and
Cal Kracher went in search on snowshoes
were found at a great distance In the
mountains. On the way to Iron Moun
tain the two men separated, Burglen pro
ceeding down Whisky Creek and arriv
ing borne without much difficulty.
Kracher took another route, driving the
horses before him. Up to a late hour this
afternoon no tidinn of Kracher had been
received, and his friends express the be
lief that he lost his way in the mist and
fog and perished in the snow.
Search parties have taunted for him in
vain for several days, and all hope prac
tically has been abandon*
It is stated that Kracher' B real name is
Rocher. he having had money on deposit
in this city under that name.
SANTA CRUZ POWDER
MILLS EXPLOSION
Building Partially Wrecked and a
Workman Loses the Sight of
One Eye.
SANTA CKUZ. Jan. 14.— An explosion in
the rifle smokeless powder mill this after
noon wrecked the powder press and blew
off a portion of the roof and aides of the
building. Ralph Bradley was injured on
the leg by a (lying piece of machinery,
and William Turners face was so bailly
burned that tlie sight of one eye probably
is lost.
Ten pounds of powder exploded in the
high-pressr.re press, setting lire to the
building and communicating to several
hundred pounds of smokeless powder,
which was burned. Two bottles of nitro
glycerine exploded, blowing a hole in the
Moor six feet in diameter. Turner was on
the platform overlooking the press when
the explosion occurred. H. Pawsey, J.
Ward, J. Holmes and H. Jarvis were in
t\e building, but escaped without Injury.QUIXOTIC MISSION OF
FOUR SAN FRANCISCANS
Charter-Savers Rush to the Front to Fight
a Will-o'-the-Wisp.
An Interesting Comparison Between the Positions
of Knights, Who Resisted Pressure, and
Wright, Who Was an Easy Victim.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, j an 14.— Several gentlemen came
from the city to-day with the intention of
saving the San Francisco charter. It was
a noble mission. The charter was in no
; r than the constitution of the
United States, but they came just the
same. No Don Quixote charging a wind
mill over displayed a courage more reck
less. As a matter of fact there is abso
lutely no opposition to the charter here.
The only man known to entertain hostile
feedings toward it is Martin Kelly, and
what feelings he may entertain toward
the charter or anything else are of very
. ■ little consequence. t
The party embraces Mayor Phelan and '
rs. Fay. Dohrmar.n, Patton and !
Boyd. As Phelan has been here before
and knows the lay of the land, there does
■ hot seem to be any good excuse for him. :
but the others may be excused. Fay does |
not count, and Dohrmann, as head of the
Merchants' Association, is ever ready to
defend the public interests. Ail but Phe
lan have been led astray by a false alarm,
and as for Phelan, he turned in the
alarm. Nevertheless he has a mission. He
has had the complimentary vote of the
Joint session once, and he wants it not
.pn . but all the time. No confi
dence is violated in saying that he will not
get it. There are other Democrats to be
remembered. W. W. Foote has not yet j
had a vote. At times when the joint ses-
Bion adjourned it has been supposed to
be for the reason that the Democrats
were unable to find suitable material upon
which to waste their sweetness. Why
Should Phelan and Tarpey, Maguire and
Hamilton and the rest who are not pos-
Bibilities nor activities be placed ahead of
Mr. Foote? I simply ask the question.
Nevertheless the gentlemen are welcome
lr presence lends respectability
' ■ situation. If they like the climate of
.■■mo, if they enjoy the stainless
atmosphere of political contamination, if
they wish to dwell where a Burns sits
serene upon a little throne and rejoices in
..'••] - . -fa halo which he has a gang
employed to polish, Sacramento is the
place for them. But Pheian has lured
them with a gold brick. This expression
is becoming trite, but there seems to be
■ : no other to suit the circumstances.
'• ! The scene at the joint session to-day
. :..:' was more inspiring than usual. There
■Vwere cheers, and with good reason— the
Burns crowd thonght they had captured
''another vote and found that they had
'•. . '. nut. It was when their failure became
.• -Tnanifest that the spectators applauded.
They had openly boasted of having won
■•'.. Knights over from Barnes. When his
;. ' name was called he voted for Barnes.
'■■[ ;. ;.' J l'h.en the cheering broke loose. It was
::"••• not that the crowd was for Barnes, but
'that it was against Burns. A woman sat
beside Knights. She looked happy at wit
' ..nesslng his triumph. Her approval must
...:'.. "have been no small recompense. The
:.•■• rs he received were not from hired
. claquers, but the involuntary tribute of
.;. ■ members and of strangers who heard of
'."■■■\the bargain and wondered if the deal
, .: ■ '.could be consummated.
•■. : .;.' '.:At one time after there had been two
■ '. • ballots an effort was made to adjourn and
: .' a-, rollcall became necessary. Senator
.'Shortridge had been in one of his pro
: •:'•■;■ •; -found and impressive trances. At the
■ Rujhm ( na of the clerk he awoke and re
•Vsj onded "Daniel M. Burns." There was
:■; a roar of laughter and Shortridge might
i ■ h.iv.- looked confused except that he is
'.'■• ..out of practice. He collected his wits and
■■■....voted on the question. It is hard that
■". .-'-a Senator should cherish Burns during
. .waking hours. When he carries the Mex
f.:' lean into dreams and Fnoozes with the
.'.,• . magic name of the Candelarian at the
• -end of his tongue he is in a bad way.
those mean enough to say that
shortridge was merely posing; that he
f was not napping nor off his guard; but
d to attract attention to
himself and to the. fact that he remains
true. Shortridge is not new to the mak
•lnß of United States Senators. He ex
.pended time and energy on making one
V brother Ham. And the success he
SAN DIEGO DEMOCRATS
WANT GRANT ELECTED!
SAX DIEGO, Jan. 14.— The fact has
... Just leaked out to-night that the Demo
cratic City Central Committee held a
.ng on January 4, at which U. S.
; Grant was indorsed for United States
Senator. Three-fourths of the members
of tlie committee were present, and all
were unanimous in expressing the senti
• that Grant is the best available
for the position to which he as
-. While the committee's action did
not take the form of a request to the
Democratic legislators at Sacrmento to
indorse Grant, it was intended to have
the same effect, local Democrats recog
■ a that Grant is not only a represen
■ zen of the State, but embodies
all the qualities that are requisite in a
! Sou. s Senator. Chairman George
'.- Neale of the committee, when ques
d oh the subject lav- to-night, said:
"Yes, the committr-e took action indors
ing; Grant, but we have kept the matter
. : - . -8 re until to-night, when the fact
to Ban Fran is. ... \\v riid not
think it would !.< necessary to make the
ur indorsement public, and it
maj not be necessary at all, but In view
F 'ol tii.- apparent deadlock in the Legisla
'-' ' ' eemed it advisable to acquaint
■..our Democrats hi the St-nate with our
position in the matter. We sincerely hope
••. • that the Democrats at Sacramento will
indorse Gran.. We know him and feel
(hat he is the best man for the distin
•: . guished honor."
A STATE BUILDING FOR
SAN FRANCISCO
CAXL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
JIEXTO, Jan. 14.— Senator Braunhart has
.Jijtroduced a bill in the Senate pro
■ viding for the purchase or lease of a site
and the erection of a State building in
•■" San Francisco. The bill is identical in its
.... provisions with that introduced by him
.' at the last session and which passed the
. • -Senate, but died on the Assembly files.
••■• ■ The: bill appropriates $300,000 for the
purchase of a site and the erection of the
building, half of the appropriation to be
available during the fifty-first fiscal year
and half during the fifty-second fiscal
year. The Governor is empowered to ap
polnt a commission of three members
■ who shall serve without compf-nsation.
but shall be allowed adequate contingent
expenses. They shall be allowed to ap
point a secretary at a salary of $1500 a
. The life of the commission Is lim
ited to four years.
The commission Is authorized to select
.-a site in a convenient location in San
Francisco and acquire title to it by pur
chase or condemnation proceedings. On
this site Is to be erected a building for
the accommodation of the Supreme Court,
; the Supreme Court Commissioners, Rall
roa/1 Commission, Bureau of Labor Sta-
Y.i • mite Valley Commission,
. • State Mineralogist. Fish Commissioners,
.Hank Commissioners, Insurance Commis
sioner, Attorney General, Horticultural
< immissioners and other State officers
■ and Institutions.
The commission Is also authorized to
achieved brought him fame which ahall
not die if I can help It.
The record of the ballots is given eise
•where. It does not indicate much to the
casual observer, but to one who has had
the boasts of the Burns crowd d'.nned into
his ears it means considerable. To-day
they were going to make a grain, they j
were going to show Just an inkling of
that mighty reserve strength with which
it is their purpose tr> sweep the field when
they get ready. Why this delay? There
never was a better time to do the sweep
ing than right now. The truth is, they :
had built their hopes on the defection of !
Knights from Barries, and when it proved j
to be ix defection with a fatal defect a
i sorrow fell upon them. It is as I said yes
terday. Burns has no show. His disciples
i are whistling in a graveyard. Their pre
tensions :ire born of a groundless yearn
ing. If they possessed the strength of
which they hrag that strength would have
! been in evidence before this. Even if a
few members feel inclined to go over to
'■ him, they lack the courage, and they are
beginning to realize that there would be
;ior and scant profit in getting under
the banners of the defeated. There is
■ such a thing as honorable defeat, but this
is not the variety in store for Burns.
The other candidates are so glad to see
Burns on the shelf tht for the moment
they forget that there Is only one place
for several aspirants and that nobody has
a mortgage on that place. The Grant
men made a gain of one vote, for. while
the total looked the same, it embraced
Marvin, and Marvin had been voting for
I Knight or Felton. The circumstance that
a Grant man was absent had no real
effect on ultimate results, although his
presence would have pleasingly fattened
the column.
To cling to a forlorn hope may be com
mendable, but I do not think Scott, Ros
enfeld. Bard, Knight, Paterson, Felton
or Estee represent even a forlorn hope.
On the contrary, they represent a series
of bluffs, and the men voting for them
will vote for another.
The minute the band wagon comes into '
sight they will scramble for a place and !
try to get the front seat. Barnes and !
Bulla are different. Each has a following
and each separately may be regarded as
a factor in the situation.
Wright still votes for Burns. The shame
of surrender seems to be wearing off. To
day he pronounced the name of his mas
ter audibly. In his case, taken with that
of Knights, there is opportunity for an in
teresting comparison. The men were sub
jected to the same pressure. All the
powers of the great political machine, of
the railroad and the State Central Com
mittee, were brought to bear upon them.
Wright yielded, forfeited the respect of
his fellow-men, the support of his con
stituency and the right to hold up his
head as an independent citizen and a good
Republican.
Knights refused to be bulldozed. He
listened 10 arguments, and finding them
specious declined to be convinced. He
heard threats and had the courage to
defy them. In consequence he has re
tained respect and made countless friends.
He could ask of the people of tois State
favors which they would be glad to
grant. If he holds out against Burns
he will be remembered to his advantage.
If he surrenders he will be remembered,
but as a person not to be trusted, and he '
will yet be subjected to every inducement j
cunning politicians can devise. Th-2 ]
Burns gang have not given him up.
To-morrow being Sunday there will be
no practical politics. Men will simply
meet and talk matters over, debate the
qualifications of the various candidates,
line up at the bar, button-hole, villify,
bet, try to win votes, denounce the press
and otherwise deport themselves as be
come? a season of rest.
Representatives of this paper have not
been barred from the floor of the Assem
bly, although some of the members are
paid to entertain ambitions in this direc
tion. It has been intimated to me that
they have found in The Call's columns
much of interest and tending, I tiust, to
induce them to lead better lives. Yet not
all of them appear to be grateful, and a
few have gone to the extent of refusing
to buy a paper, thinking the practice of
borrowing a copy more in consonance
with their imposing and statesmanlike
wrath.
secure at nominal rental, if it deems it
advisable to do so. a suitable site on some
public square or other city property.
WORKS WANTS TO RELIEVE
THE POOR FROM TAXES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Assemblyman Works
of San Diego County will in a few days
introduce a concurrent resolution provid
ing for submission to the people of a con
stitutional amendment exempting from
taxation personal property to the value of
$200 in cases where the party owns no real
property.
Assemblyman Works contends that It
costs more to collect the taxes and keep
the books on an assessment of this
amount than the amount collected. Fur
thermore, the exemption will benefit a
poor class of people, and he thinks that
as an act of justice to these citizens the
amendment should be submitted to the
ISSf! - . le S vf a e - Hls amendment will
albo provide that ?' nere the amount of
real property tax of an one citizen is 25
th 2 h?v »nH as com P u ted by the rate in
the cit> and county in which the prop
fa&tfcn ° C Th d> U shall be ««mpt from
,"• The , argument the Assembly
man advances in favor of this proposition
tSJS 1 WE as lhat h0 &ives for the ad '.p
--tlon of the personal property exemption
The Old Stone Mill.
J"«e is one thing in Newport that the
««<£^ ± !™
fixed the longer it is exposed to the Ye
menis. Assail it ever ho furiously from
the north from the south, from the easT
or from the west, the storms of years'
make no impression on it except may
hap, to press its everlasting foundations
firmer in their bed. Generations of New
porters come and go, but the Old Stone
Mill goes on forever. Drenchine rain?
cannot soften its sides, heavinl fro
cannot stir its arches, freezing -snows c-fn
not split its parts-it is indlstruct?ble"
Forty centuries pretty soon will look
down on the old structure, with the same
smile of approval "that they favored the
Pyramids of Egypt with when the great
Napoleon stood at their base. If eve- mil
tllation or destruction comes to the old
mill it will come not from the elements
but from the same iconoclastic hand that
"for military purposes" is now emnloved
in annihilating the old Dumplings across
the bay.-Newport Herald. S cross
FRENCH LADY LAWYERS.
In Paris there are no obstacles in the
way of a lady studying with a view to
being called to the bar, but it appears
that after she has been called, and she
desires to turn her studies to profitable
account, her troubles begin. A large
number of barristers are not in favor of
lady advocates, but It seems that a com
mission which lately sat to discuss the
subject has pronounced in favor of the
ladles. And It is this decision which is
causing emotion at the Palais de Justice
just now. The prospect of lady barris
tfrs, gowned and bewigged, sitting in the
court under the eye of the President is
not at all to the liking of old bar hands
though the young ones, if the Evenement
is to be believed, are disposed to welcome
tne innovation.— London Glob*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
Wright Crossing the Bridge Between the Hobart Building
And the Knockery for Senatorial Instruction
RELATIONS WITH
GERMANY IMPROVE
Embassador White Is
Most Sanguine.
MEAT BILL SATISFACTORY
NO STRAIN CAUSED BY NEW
POSSESSIONS IN PACIFIC.
Berlin Newspapers Declare That In
spection. Concessions Will Not
Be Made to the
United States.
Copyrighted, 1393. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Jan. 14.— The United States
Embassador, Andrew D. White, said
to the correspondent of the Associated
Press to-day for publication:
"Our relations with Germany are
thoroughly good and are steadily im
proving. _ I look to the proposed meat
inspection as a step calculated to help
rather than hurt us. What thinking
men on each side wish to secure is a
single inspection which will be valid
throughout the empire and supersede
the various local inspections which are
often prompted by a panic arising from
isolated trichinae cases, justly or un
justly attributed to foreign meats. We
have been laboring to obtain this in
spection for a long time and now have
strong hopes of a successful issue.
There are unreasonable men on both
sides of the Atlantic, but we believe the
reasonable men here and in America
are in the majority and they are more
and more understanding the import
ance of good relations between the two
countries.
"Regarding the question of acquisi
tions in the Pacific and elsewhere the
feeling of the two governments is ex
cellent. The German Foreign Office
shows every desire that this state of
things should continue and the German
officials in every way work in harmony
with us. In the Pacific as elsewhere
there is not the slightest cause at pres
ent for the slightest ill-feeling arising
out of the ambitions of either power
and all questions are being steadily
placed on a better footing."
The Bundesrath considered the meat
inspection bill this week, and the favor
able view taken of the measure by the
American Embassador is contrasted by
the fact that the Agrarian press this
week very severely criticised the bill.
The Deutsche Tagezeitung, comment
ing upon the Cologne Gazette's discus
sion of the bill on January 9, when that
paper took the ground that the measure
would be in no way detrimental, but
rather advantageous to American meat,
describes the measures "unheard of
groveling before the United States,"
and predicts that the Reichstag will
not confirm such a bill.
The Deutsche Agrar Correspondenez,
which, as the organ of the Federation
of Husbandry, recently fiercely at
tacked the scientific attache of the
American embassy for having in the
German press disposed of false state
ments set afloat by that body, goes even
further than the Tagezeitung, heaping
abuse upon those who are responsible
for framing the bill and on the meas
ure itself, declaring it is utterly impos
sible for the Reichstag majority to in
dorse some of the essential provisions of
the bill, especially the one delegating
to the Bundesrath its own powers of
prohibition.
On the other hand, the Liberal press
joyfully welcomes the moderate provi
sions of the bill. The Vossische Zeltung
says: "If the Agrarians had their own
way Germany ere this would have been
in the throes of a tariff war with the
whole world— England, Russia, Argen
tine and every agricultural and export
ing country."
The Tageblatt remarks that if a
DEATH CUT SHORT
HIS WEARY FLIGHT
Dawson Prisoner Escapes and
Eludes Pursuers, Only to
Succumb to the Cold.
VICTORIA", B. C, Jan. 14.— News of a strange tragedy, which oc
curred about the middle of December along the Yukon banks, and the
details of which would supply the plot for a story like those of Bret
Harte, was brought by men who reached here this morning by the
steamer Amur from Dawson.
On December 9, while an American named O'Brien, who was sen
tenced to imprisonment for one month for drunkenness, was engaged
at work with the chain gang near the Gold Commissioner's office at
Dawson, he suddenly took advantage of the negligence of his guard to
make a break for liberty. It was not until night had fallen that his
disappearance was discovered, and then the fugitive, having had a
good start, had covered a considerable distance up the river on his
way to American territory and freedom. The pursuit was not begun
until three hours after O'Brien's escape, and, saving his fellow-prison
ers, none knew of his escape until the assembly call sounded at the
barracks, and the pursuers " dashed over the ice after the fleeing
American.
Two constables went after him, Constables Macleth and Kelly.
They had a fast dog team, and for a night the chase continued. The
breaking down of the constables' sled further aided the fleein^ man,
and it was not until when within but a few miles from the boundary
that the pursuers came upon what had been their prisoner, but what
was now a firmly frozen corpse.
The prisoner had been overtaken by the cold and fell asleep in a
bed of jagged snow and ice, sleeping till death came to him.
Rhenish paper is correctly informed,
the bill will not be approved by the
Agrarians, for the Tageblatt addr the
latter declare they intend to have it
framed so as to prevent . merican im
ports. This causes the Tageblatt to
say: "It would be an enjoyable symp
tom if the Government began to show a
little more backbone toward the Agra
rians."
Official statistics of German exports
to the United States show that they
amounted during the last quarter in
the northern half of Germany, exclud
ing the Zittlau consulate, to $12,503,161,
compared with $9,024,9-17 in 1897. In the
southern half of Germany the exports
to the United States amounted to $8,
--815,189, being an increase of $626,539. The
total increase for the past quarter
amounted to about $5,000,000, mainli
ne to sugar exports, which came to
a standstill during the last quarter of
1898. The total exports for 1898, how
ever, show a decrease when compared
with those of 1897. This also is mainly
traceable to sugar, which from the
Brunswick consulate alone the exports
diminished over $2,500,000.
The semi-official Berlin Post sum
marizing Germany's export trade for
1898, says referring to the United States
that excepting in the one item of sugar
Germany's exports were not nearly so
poor as it was at first feared they
would be.
A strong movement in favor of a pro
tective tariff has been set on foot by
the horticulturists of Germany. A meet
ing of over 1000 of them has addressed
a strongly worded petition to the im
perial government, reciting their rea
sons for demanding protection. The
Minister of the Interior, Count yon
Posadowski-Wehner, ■ has summoned
the president of the organization to
furnish him with additional informa
tion on the subject and there is reason
to believe the Government intends to
frame a tariff measure which will meet
the horticulturists' views.
A sensational high treason trial has
been fixed for next month before the
Supreme Court of Leipsig. The pris
oner, a Pole named Goldhumer, claim
ing to be a dealer in precious stones,
was arrested at Metz on his arrival
there from Paris. It is said the evi
dence collected directly implicates a
number of higher government and mili
tary officers in France. Some stir has
been created by the fact that the Gov
ernment organs, the North German Ga
zette, the Kreuz Zeitung and other in
spired journals this week have pub
lished editorials representing that the
two years' military service system
adopted in 1895 has not proved a suc
cess.
How Sound Is Carried.
From a high ridge in Berkshire there is
occasionally to be heard the sound of the
firing of guns of Aldershot, thirty miles
to the eastward. These guns are chiefly
noticed in the summer time, when there
is very rarely an east wind to help the
sound. Occasionally the reports are mis
taken for distant thunder, and thus cause
alarm at a time when hay harvest is in
progress. There is. however, a saying in
the district that the "guns are worse than
thunder," and this because they forecast,
not a passing or local .«torm. but rather
the approach of generally unsettled
weather. It is easy to prove that it Is
a continuity of a uniform moisture-laden
air stretching acrops that part of the
country that is the cause of the phenome
non. The testimony of seamen and other
trained observers goes to show that ho
mogeneous moist air or mist is the readi
est vehicle of sound; that dry air seldom
or never conveys sound so readily, while
an atmosphere of varying density ren
ders all sound capricious.
From a sheltered, quiet lawn the Aider
shot guns had not been noticed all
through the late summer until far on in
one afternoon in the middle of August,
when their sound rolled out with great
distinctness, the woather, to all appear
ance, remaining unchanged and the ba
rometer standing firm and high. In the
night, however, thunder was heard for
some two hours, the lirst time for many
weeks, and in the morning the guns were
heard again more distinctly than before.
In this case sound has been the clearest,
and indeed the only telltal* of a humid
layer of the atmosphere brooding over
the countryside.— The Contemporary Re
view.
On a Hot Sabbath.
This story is told of a prominent
preacher: On a hot Sabbath as he was
preaching he took from his pocket what
he thought was his handkerchief, shook
it out and wiped his face, intently talk
ing all the time. To his surprise a broad
smile was on every face in his audience,
when he discovered that what he had put
in his pocket for a handkerchief that
morning was a pair of his little's child's
drawers, the legs of which were quite vis
ible as he wiped the perspiration from
his face. — Homiletic Review.
EXPLAINED AT LAST.
Suitor — Your daughter, sir, is the
light of my existence.
Her Father— Oh, that's it, eh? I've
often wondered how you could ever see
her with the gas turned so low.—Chi
cago News.
RUMORS OF COUP
ARE IN THE AIR
French Republic Yet in
Suspense.
BRUSSELS THE DANGER POINT
PRINCE VICTOR SEEMS TO HAVE
THE BETTER CHANCE.
Abides Time and Opportunity, While
the Duke of Orleans Burned His
Powder Uselessly in a
Manifesto.
Special Cable to The Call nnd the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 14. — Rumors of a coup
d'etat are in the air, and Premier Du
puy's declaration in the Chamber on
Thursday that the army would not fol
low the Savior, whose coming Paul de
Cassaignac prophesied, has not suf
ficed to dispel them.
The reports have taken different form
from those prevalent a month ago.
Then the fate of the republic was said
to be in the hands of certain generals
who were somewhat roughly used over
the Dreyfus case.
Now Brussels is the danger point.
The royalists appear to favor an im
perialist reaction. They seem, to think
that Prince Victor has a much better
chance of overthrowing the republic
than the Duke of Orleans.
Prince Victor has been biding his
time and opportunity, while Philippe
d'Orleans has burned his powder use
lessly in a manifesto which fell very
flat some months ago. The Napoleonic
pretender has a good card in his
younger brother, Louis, who will soon
have a general's rank in the Russian
army.
Paul de Cassaignac is not the only
one predicting another Napoleonic
throne within a month or so. Others
say not till the "affaire" is settled.
Major Count Esterhazy has sent to
M. Mazeau, President of the Court of
Cassation, a synopsis of the evidence
which he says he would have given at
the Dreyfus revision inquiry if a safe
conduct had been granted him. He ad
mits his relations during 1594-95 at the
request of Colonel Sandherr, chief of
the Information Bureau, with a foreign
agent, by which the count claims he
supplied the colonel with important in
formation, "enabling him to combat
the intrigues of an individual well
known, but whose position was made
unsafe to act openly against him."
Esterhazy adds that he was warned
a month ahead of Matthew Dreyfus'
intention and denounced it at the in
stigation of Colonel Picquart. Subse
quent to this he had the closest rela
tions with his superiors and acted
throughout on their instructions until
January 7, IS9B, when, he claims, the
War Ministry suddenly assumed a hos
tile attitude toward him.
Fresh proceedings, the Count asserts,
were instituted at the • -~H <*ation of his
cousin, with the view of getting him
out of the way and preventing him
from testifying before the Court of
Cassation.
In conclusion Esterhazy says:
"Alone, exiled, abandoned by those
who should have defended me, I have
resisted the most tempting offers and
have refused to say or write a word
against my chiefs. I hope the pain will
be spared me of having to appeal to the
tribunal of public opinion from the de
cision of the Court of Cassation."
The Savage Bachelor.
"Men," said the Dear Girl, "have as
much idle curiosity as women."
"More." said the Savage Bachelor.
"Women's curiosity is always active."—
Cincinnati Enquirer.
TO CHECK THE
OPIUM TRAFFIC
Prison Directors Con-
sider the Situation.
APPEAL TO THE LEGISLATURE
WILL ASK FOR THE PASSAGE Off
A SUITABLE BILL.
How Guards Cramer and Brooks
Were Detected in the Act of
Smuggling in the
Drug.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Jan. 14.—
Opium smuggling and measures to pre
vent it constituted the principal topio
of discussion at the monthly meeting of
the Board of Prison Directors to-day.
Besides the consideration of a number
of cases the vigilance of the guards de
tected throughout the month, it waa
agreed to ask the Legislature to pass a.
law making the offense of bringing the
drug upon the grounds a felony.
Collaterally the board took up ths
case of Guards Cramer and Brooks,
who were discharged last month for
alleged complicity in the contraband
trade. A convict gave the officials the
tip which led to the discovery and the
facts came out on the examination of
J. J. McCanthy for the same offense.
McCanthy is serving a ten years' sen
tence from Los Angeles County for bur
glary and is alleged to be the man for
whom Cramer and Brooks were ob
taining the drug. He denies this, how
ever, and maintains that he knows
neither.
According to the statements of tha
officials before the board it appears
that C. H. Miller, a two-year man,
serving a sentence for forgery com
mitted in San Joaquin, supplied the
bulk of the information. Miller claims
he was approached by McCanthy and
requested to carry letters to Brooks.
At first he declined, but after consult
ing Captain of the Guard Birlem en
tered into the scheme. The letters
■were written in cipher. Miller took the
leters to Birlem, who, after making a
translation, returned them and directed
him to deliver them to Brooks. There
were some ten letters, all relating to the
purchasing of opium and several con
taining money. A close watch was
kept on these men. Shortly following
the receipt of a letter containing the
necessary funds to purchase the
"dope" Cramer was seen to walk down
the wall to Brooks' post and hand him
a package. Cramer returned from San
Francisco that morning. About an
hour later Brooks lowered a water
bucket from the wall at a prearranged
time with Miller, who waa there osten-«
sibly to fill it.
In the bucket which was lowered a
two-pound package of opium was
found. Miller slipped it into his pocket,
filled the bucket for Brooks, and then
hastened to Victor Gilardin, keeper of
the lower gate and reported the facts.
Warden Hale dismissed Brooks and
Cramer. upon this showing without call
ing for an explanation. McCanthy, the
convict, stated to the board that Miller
was an enemy of his and that this
charge had been concocted for revenge.
The directors regarded the matter in
another light, however, and deprived
McCanthy of all his credits.
The constant use of opium •by the
convicts, which the officials apparently
cannot pre%'ent, has led Warden Hale
to draft a bill making it a felony to
bring that drug or any other narcotic
upon the grounds. He submitted the
matter to the board. The draft did
not quite meet the views of the di
rectors, so Devlin and Fitzgerald were
appointed a committee to draw up a
bill which shall meet the requirements.
At the same time the warden was au
thorized to go to Sacramento and urge
Its passage before the Legislature.
Leon Crosmond, who is serving two
years for burglary, from Yuba County,
was ordered released on parole, as was
Claude Armstrong.
Pretty French Sentimentality.
The Jour, which is 'one of the loudest
and most influential of latter day French
newspapers, published on November 13 a
paragraph on a duel which a member of
its staff had fought with a lawyer named
M. Morel, and the terms employed by that
journal throw a curious side light upon
the chivalry of some of the writing and
flßhtinp classes in France: "We have itad
the happiness to learn that the wound re
ceived yesterday by Lawyer Morel is more
serious than was supposed at first. Con
sidering that it is complicated with a bad
disease, there are good grounds for hoping
that this wound will have serious conse
quences."—Contemporary Review.
adv"-;bttsements. -
yjgfck/./. Q'c 1 Tke mystery
TT /^T^'^L-CjCl i -'death has p uz *
JW-f/'Z^'^jF^^- zled many ~ a
__JrJ LJ, f Jm/7 xf' wise man. The
is. V i«» J j /fli \Ss. alchemists :o f
>V^ A.% mll'lls VY old searched in
«H*«3(4»9y f/i \ \ vain for some
~2^~r-^Xs%^ K/7 \, J combination of
I XlUffW^t) I ru £ s that
tatipr -^iWi^^ ~y I would prolong
V^Ov \*Zf%r^\ I life indefinite-
rjC>'Vv \V7 A) ) v - Common
_J^J-^^r y 4,'Al/v' / sen9e . chemis-
-sS^p) / I L<A i\ try and medical '
Z^lf l\hw^s science have
" n*l \cT~^ combined in
this age to
show man the way to a long and healthy
life. •
Common sense teaches that a man should'
not over-work or over-worry; that he should
take ample time ' for his meals, for resting" :
and for recreation and sleep: that he should
not neglect the little ills of life, because
they are the precursors of serious and fatal
maladies.' Chemistry has enabled men to
make combinations of drugs that were im-
possible in the days of the alchemists. .
Medical science has taught when, how and
why these combinations of drugs should
be used. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery is the most valuable of- all health-
restoring medicines, and the most effective.
Its first work is upon the fountain-head of
life — the stomach. A man who has a weak
and impaired stomach and who does not
properly, digest his food will soon find that
his blood has become weak and impover-
ished, and that his whole body is improp-
erly and insufficiently nourished. This,,
medicine makes the stomach strong, facil-
itates the flow of digestive juices, restores
the lost appetite, makes assimilation, per-
fect, invigorates the liver and purifies and
enriches the blood. It is the ; great blood-
maker, flesh-builder and nerve tonic. It
makes men strong in body, active in mind
and cool in judgment.
It does not make flabby fat, but solid,
muscular _ flesh, nerve force and vital en-
ergy. Ali medicine dealers sell it.
J.W. -Jordan. Esq., Corbin. Whitley Co.,
Ky.. writes : J " About two and a half years ago
■ I was taken with severe pains in the chest,
gan.to spit tip blood, was troubled with night-
sweats and was so short winded that I could
hardly walk half a mile. Tried Dr. Pierces
Goldeu Medical Discovery and have improved
both in strength and weight."
The medicine dealer who urges some v
substitute is thinking of the larger profit
he'll make and not of your best good. .
34
INVESTMENTS IN
THE PHILIPPINES
American Capital Now
Pouring In.
MANY SPECULATORS ARRIVE
CAUTION SHOULD BE USED IN
BUSINESS VENTURES.
Islands Are Not a Paradise and
Chinese Control the Fertile
Tracts in the
Valleys.
Special Corror-pondence nt the Associated Press.
MANILA, Dec. 13. — Americans are ar
riving by every steamer from the
United States to look for Investments.
Some represent syndicates in Chicago,
New York, Boston, or other money cen
ters, but many appear to be organizing
speculative companies for themselves
and associates. One concern of Taco
ma. Wash., is in the field with a Philip
pine Island industrial company, cap
italized at $100,000. Its purpose 5s to
buy and develop coffee lands, mines and
rice plantations, and do a general mer
chandise business.
: Business men in^ the United States
who contemplate making investments
in the Philippines will be very cautious
If they are rightly informed of condi
tions here. The population of Luzon
Island, the largest and most important
in the group, is generally estimated at
3,000,000-. Some good authorities put it
as high as 4,000,000. A high, rugged
range of mountains forms the eastern
coast line. Another range extends
along the western coast. These mount
ain ranges are thinly populated by half
savages, and the gravelly soil and
cloudy climate there are not adapted to
cane, coffee, tobacco, or rice, the staples
of the islands. The main part of the
population ie. therefore, confined to
. river valleys and the low lands adjoin
. ing the coast. The population is con
gested in villages and settlements of
fifty to 5000 huts, or nipas, in each set
tlement.
Outside of Manila there is no settle
ment in the Philippine group that de
ierves to be called a town. The native
huts bunched together anywhere off
Manila Bay are put there without
order or system, with narrow trails
winding circuitously through mud as
the only streets. Occasionally there is
a large cathedral and perhaps three or
four other buildings connected with it,
of Moorish architecture, some of them
phore than 100 years old, and all more
or less dilapidated, which present a
strange contrast to the squalor and
poverty of the hundreds or thousands
of surrounding nipas.
The rice fields are chiefly in the hands
of the Chinese. A rice patch of a half
acre is a pretty good sized farm for one
man. Three crops are harvested each
year. The rice lands are not as a rule
owned by the coolies who cultivate
thorn, but the rich Chinese half-castes
who lease the tract, usually on shares.
There are some large plantations of
1000 to 10,000 acres managed by over-
Feors. These plantations are devoted
to the production of tobacco, sugar
cane and the plant from which the hemp
fiber is taken. The monks and Spanish
officials were the plantation owners un
jgßH"B»fc~s=p^ ■ 1 5^ ' \ 55 H üßf*^w23l
IHI I /// / , / HUDYAN is the greatest
/ ,'// / / / // remedio-treatment that has
/ r I I / / / / ever been produced by any
111 * / / combination of physicians. It!
II * / / cures prematurity. The HUDYAN
// / / femed.o-treatment cures the diseases
// / / and disabilities ot men. It is a remedio-
. / / / treatment for men only. It cures nervous
/ / weakness, spermatorrhoea, losses and pir-
n/ / P' es - HUDYAN cures depression of spirits.
/ / bashfulness, inability to look frankly into the
I / eyes of another. HUDYAN cures headache, dim-
/ / ness of sight, weak memory, loss of voice. HUD-
/ / VAN cures stunted, growth, dyspepsia, constipation.
/ / HUDYAN cures weakness or pains in the small of the
/ / back, loss of muscular power, gloomy, melancholy forebod-
/ / ings. HUDYAN can be had from the doctors of the HUD-
/ / oON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, and from no one else. . You need
// HUDYAN when the facial nerves twitch, as there is certain to be
an irritation at their centers in the brain. You need HUDYAN when
there is a decline of the nerve torce, because this decline shows a lack
of nerve life, which may develop into nervous debility, and then pos- 1
sibly into nervous p ostration. If you have harassed your nerves, if
you have knotted or gnarled them, if you have abused your nerves, the
best thing for you to get is HUDYAN. You can get HUDYAN only
from us. HUDYAN cures varicocele, hydro:ele, dizziness, falling sen-
sations, despair, sorrow and miser Consult the HUDSON DOC-
TORS about HUDYAN in their offices— they occupy a building of !
thirty rooms — or write for circulars and testimonials of the a'r'eat !
HUDYAN. ( ° : . \
. 4-4- -f 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- -'^ 4- 4- 4- 4- 4 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-.
FDUP CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS PBTjiTI
| illiJlJ ♦ CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS ♦ | J\JliJli
_
BLOOD POISON— In its first, s-cond^ry or tertiary form is sure to show these
BLOOD POISON— bad signs: You will notice copper-colored spots, an itching j
BLOOD POlSON— skin, irrirateJ, dry, parch:d throat, sores in mouth, falling hair. i
BLOOD PO/SON — You have to be quick to stop this diseasr. If you want to be '
BLOOD POlSON— ured easiiy, quickly and thoroughly 'consut the doctors of
BLOOD POISON-HUDSON. Their great
BLOOD POISON- o nflv riipp'
BLOOD POISON— OU-LJHY L>UKfc/
•BLOOD POISON— Is what you need. Call or write for circulars of 30-day cure. '
Hudson Medical ; Institute,
fIULIA&UII Aflt>lllOCil IIIDLILLiLtJ^
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
FRANCISCO -.«,.. ,'CAL. .
- .
der the Spanish regime. Their swarms
of laborers were paid :!0 to -3 cents a
day, Mexican money, equal to 10 or 12
cente gold. The laborers were obliged
to board themselves. The plantation
Bystem, however, is rapidly passing
through a renovation since the Ameri
can occupation. The nionka are dispos
ing Of iheir"lands as fast as'they can,
and will probably succeed in selling all
their holdings to one or more English
syndicates. A Boston syndicate also is
represented here, negotiating for the
purchase of hemp plantations.
.plovers of labor complain that the
American occupation has caused a
doubling and trebling of Wfcgefl on
plantations and elsewhere. Admiral
Dewey began paying the natives $1 50
a day for Government work imme
.iiat.lv after the destruction of Mon
tejo's fleet and has kept up that scale,
Chinese and Filipino laborers, who for
merly worked for $5 to $S Mexican
per month, will not turn a hand for
less than 51 a day Mexican. Plantation
laborers are being contracted for at 50
3 a day. The consequence will be
a rise in the price of raw hemp, sugar
and tobacco, unless more intelligent
management and improved machinery
serve to equalize the increased cost of
labor.
Coal mines are being worked in the
southern part of Luzon Island and on
the island of, Oebu, but the coal is soft
and far inferior to the Australian and
Japanese varieties. Prior to the break
ing out of the war Cebu coal was deliv
ered at the coast In large quantities at
$3 f,O a ton Mexican, but was consumed
mainly by the interisland steamers.
The price under new conditions is prob
lematical. Surveys indicate that the
coal beds are In scattered localities be
tween the ( ighth and thirteenth paral
lels of latitude. An English syndicate,
with headquarters in Manila, owns
practically all the coal lands known on
the islands of Luzon and Cebu. For
fhat matter English capital controls
nine-tenth* of all the industrial enter
prises in the group.
Good opportunities seem to be abun
dant for dealing in hardwoods. The
islands are dense with the choicest of
mahogany, iron wood, camphor wood
anrkinany other varieties of hardwoods.
Die of taking a high polish.
This is not a fruit or vegetable coun
try. The climate is too hot and damp
for their cultivation. Bananas grow
well, but they are small and taste flat
and pasty. The Philippine orange is
two inches or so in diameter. The fiber
is coarse, the peeling thick and the
juice has a flavor much like spoiled
vinegar seeped through sawdust.
The coffee industry has never bepn
developed to any extent. Europeans
who have tried it declare that coffee
• successfully cultivated only in a
few of the mountain regions particu
larly favored by comparatively dry
currents of air.
But a, supreme consideration to be
kepi in mind by intending investors is
the enervating influence of the climate.
Here, in Luzon, the climatic conditions
are more favorable than in the south
ern islands. The thermometer is rarely
. 80 degrees, and generally above
80. The high humidity of the atmo
sphere increases the oppressiveness of
the heat, and ultimately brings on a
languor and indolence that render men,
tally white men, incapable of per
ling. mor.e thnn half th* amount of
work the- do in the temperate zones.
SAN JOAQUIN IN LINE.
Prescinds Its Contract for the Enrich
ing of Legal Firms.
STOCKTON, Jan. 14. — San Joaquin
followed the Action of other counti'
day when its Supervisors voted unani
mously to rescind their recent action au
thorizing the employment of certain legal
firms to act for th« county in colle
money due th»- county from tho State in
the Way of commissions for the collection
of State taxce.
Kerwin and Gans Matched.
CHICAGO, Jnn. 14.— "Mystery" George
Kerwin has been matched to meet Joe
Cans, the colored lightweight. The con
test. which is for twenty rounds, will be
in fore the Lenox Athletic Club of Xew
York. The date has not been -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
AGUINALDO
IS GROWING
MORE BOLD
His Army Is Massed Around the City of
Manila, and It Seems Difficult to
Avoid Hostilities.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, ISM, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA. Jan. 14. — The American troops will re
main at Uoilo. The Indiana will take down 200 tons of
provisions and a full cargo of coal. General Miller is await
ing orders as to landing. The natives are still hostile to the
Americans, owing to the attitude at Iliolo, of General Agui
naldo's party.
Last night two natives attacked and wounded a sen
try of the South Dakota Regiment, who bayoneted one and
shot the other.
The situation is difficult. Aguinaldo is massing his
troops around Manila. It is estimated that they number
forty thousand. He has many secret allies inside Manila.
The conference between General Otis and Aguinaldo's representatives has produced no
good result so far as has been reported. It seems difficult to avoid hostilities. Aguinaldo,
emboldened by the vacillating policy of the Americans, will not listen to a reasonable solu
tion of the question, and his army is strong enough to dominate public opinion. Twelve
thousand natives have left Manila. Seven extra trains carried many out of the city yester-
day and thousands are leaving by the roads.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 14.
The War Department will not make
public the text of the message received
from General Otis this morning-, but it
is similar in character to the one given
to the press several days ago, in which
he told of improved conditions.
General Otis said that the conditions
were improving, and that he was well
satisfied with the situation. There waa
nothing in the message-about a mutiny
among United States troops.-
The statement from Madrid that
American- troops were disaffected and
were deserting and threatening to
mutiny was absolutely denied at the
War Department to-day. On the con
trary, the spirit of the soldiers is re
ported as excejlent and the men are
anxious to fight the Filipinos.
General Otis' dispatch shows, it was
asserted, that since it became evident
there would be an open rupture with
Agulnaldo' and his insurgents the ma
jority of the American soldiers who had
applied for discharge or to be mustered
out have withdrawn their applications
and informed their officers that they
will remain in the ! sSrvice until \he last
vestige of opposition to this Govern
ment has been wiped out. either by
j peaceful methods or hy fire and sword.
Instead of being dissatisfied the trocrps
are enthusiastic and filled with patriot
ism. : >7.- ; '
It was denied at the War Department
that General Miller and his forces had
been ordered to abandon Iloilo and re
turn to Manila. Had^such a step been
taken General Otis would have men
tioned it in his cablegram to-day.
"You can say," said an army officer,
"that the American soldiers in the
Philippines are not disheartened and
anxious to return home. There is a
prospect of fighting, and that in itself
is enough to destroy all germs of nos
talgia." ■
HOAR'S RESOLUTION FOR
FILIPINO INDEPENDENCE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— At the open-
Ing of the Senate's session to-day the
blind chaplain paid a tribute to the late
Nelson Dingley.
A letter was presented from Frye of
Maine, president pro tempore, appointing
Gallinger of New Hampshire to presido
over the Senate In the absence of the
Vice President and himself.
Proctor of Vermont Introduced a joint
resolution providing for busts of the late
Senator Merrill and Senator Voorhees to
be placed in the National Library. The
resolution was referred to the .Library
Committee.
Huar introduced the following resolu
tion:
"Resolved, That the people of the
Philippine Islands of right ocght to be
free and independent; that they are ab-
Bolved from all allegiance to the Span
i.-h crown, and that all the political
connection between them and Spain is
and ought to be totally dissolved, and
they they have, therefore, full power
to "do all act* and things which inde
pendent states may of right do; that it
is their right to institute a new govern
ment for themselves, laying a founda
tion on such principles and organizing
its power in such form as shall seem
most likely to effect their safety and
happiness, and that with these rights
the people of the United States are not
disposed to interfere."
"1 should like to have It adopted im
mediately," said Hoar.
"I object," said Davis of Minnesota,
chairman of the Foreign Relations Com
mittee, and the resolution went over.
The resolution of Allen for the appoint
ment of a committee of five Senators to
Investigate the conduct of the late war
was laid before the Senate, and Allen took
the floor.
Allen said he had no de3lre to embarrass
the President, but so many complaints
had been ;uode by the press and individu
als of the conduct of the war that he
thought it time for a rigid and impartial
investigation of the war to be made. He
had, he said, no confidence in the "Alger
Relief Commission," which was not con
ducting an investigation of the war. He
criticized the sending of troops to Chicka
mauga, where they were faced by sick
ness and death. He intimated that the
troops of .the West were sent to Chlcka
mauga for the benefit of transportation
companies. He declared that there had
been gross irregularities in the handling
of llic commissary and other supplies.
He said it had been charged that the sup
plies were In many cases unfit for use,
and he was satisfied the churges were
tru<' If the troops had been furnished
'emijalmed beef, 1 ' the people and the,
world bad a right to know it.
Interrupting Air. Allen, Spooner of Wis
consin criticized him for his anticipation
of an unfair and partial report from the
commission nivl suggested that he might
better wait until the report was presented
before he attacked it.
At this point a message was received
from the House announcing the adoption
of resolutions on the death of Representa
tive IMngley.
Hale requested that the resolution be
laid before the Senate and read.
Hule then offered resolutions expressive
of the deep sensibility with which the
Senate had learned of the death of Rep
resentative Dingley and directed the ap
pointment of a committee of Senators to
accompany the remains to Maine.
II:ile also delivered a feeling eulogy of
DlngU-y.
The Senate then adjourned.
Captain Leary Governor of Guam.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— Secretary
Long to-day ordered Captain Leary, at
MAY GIVE THEIR
INDEPENDENCE TO
THE FILIPINOS
The President Wants Advice,
but if They Can Govern Them=
selves They Will Be Free.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14. — The Herald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: President McKinley has decided to send a commission to the Phil
ippines to make a thorough study of the situation and advise him as to
■what the policy of the United States should be regarding those islands.
He has asked those gentlemen to serve on the commission: Rear Ad
miral George Dewey, eonimander-in-chief of the Asiatic squadron; Major
General E. S. Otis, Military Governor of the Philippines; Professor J. G.
Schurman, president of Cornell University; Colonel Charles Denby, former
Minister to China, and now member of the War Investigation Commission,
and Brigadier General Charles B. Whittier of New York, recently on duty
at Manila. •
Admiral Dewey will be president of the commission. It is now only a
question as to whether or not the gentlemen named will consent to serve
and as to the date when the commission will start for the Philippines.
The fact that Professor Schurman has been summoned to Washington
to confer with the President indicates that Mr. McKinley contemplates
appointing the commission immediately, though there is a probability that
he may wait for the ratification of the peace treaty.
The President desires not only Professor Schurman's views regarding
the future attitude of this country toward the Philippines, but his advice as
to the phases of the question that ought to be considered by the commission.
Should he consent to serve there will be little difficulty in making up the
rest of the personnel of the commission, as all of the other men named are
thoroughly familiar with and interested in the subject and will doubtless
be glad to accept service.
President McKinley is not averse to the Filipinos having independence
if It can be proven that they are capable of maintaining sovereignty and
control of the Philippines permanently, but he wants to be sure of his
ground before taking any definite stand.
present commanding the San Francisco,
to proceed to the island of Guam and
assume the duties of Naval Governor of
the new acquisition. He will carry with
him a proclamation to the natives inform
ing them of the designs of the United
States Government toward them in pre
cisely the terms employed in the case of
the acquisition of Porto Rico.
SENATOR FORAKER'S SPEECH
ALARMED THE ENGLISH
LONDON, Jan. 14.— When the Amer
can correspondents succeeded in im
pressing upon the British mind that
Senator Foraker, in his recent speech in
the United States Senate, spoke only
for himself when he suggested that the
United States might eventually with
draw from the Philippines, a distinct
sigh of relief might have been read be
tween the lines of the newspapers.
Every one here assumed that because
the Senator was from the President's
State he spoke for the President, and
the declaration made not only succeed
ed in giving British public officialdom
an unpleasant shock, but it fell like a
dash of cold water on the ardor of the
British for an Anglo-American under
standing. They began to question what
was the profit of this friendship if
America did not propose to back up
Great Britain's policy in the Far East'
by retaining the most important base
of operations in the event of war over
China.
The Incident has illustrated how
deeply the late war has left the United
States entangled in the world's policies,
for one of the foremost arguments ad
vanced against Senator Foraker's sug
gestion was that the United States
owed it to the world not to disturb the
balance of power, and not to furnish a
possible subject for war by throwing
the Philippines into the field, to be
scrambled for by the colonizing nations.
The leading editorial writers fell to
proclaiming most strenuously that
America's duty to the world at large
as well as the Filipinos should con
strain her to establish civilization, and
throughout the British press and in the
clubrooms and streets only one voice
was heard. The principle of the con
sent of the governed, all contended,
does not apply to people who are in
capable of forming a rational opinion
upon which to base their consent, and
that the United States stood in the
place of parents of the Filipinos and
must regretfully chastise her rebellious
children for their own good. Many
drew a parallel from the so-called co
ercion of the South into the Union.
The solemn Spectator flippantly fn
quires whether Senator Hoar does not
chastise his children when they are
naughty and imagines a Louisiana
Congressman talking consent after the
military occupation whereby the State,
after its purchase from Napoleon, was
reduced to order. The Spectator then
asks if the Americans are going to give
up Texas and hand California back to
WILL TALK
FOR PEACE
MANILA, Jan. 14.— Brigadier
General Reeves, Major Strother
and Colonel James F. Smith, of
the First California Regiment,
have been appointed as commis
sioners to treat with the Fili
pinos to prevent hostilities and
explain the situation.
the Mexicans, saying it believes great
races, when the hour of opportunity
comes, expand greatly, regardless of
arguments.
Continuing, the Spectator remarks:
"We believe the Americans are to be
one of those. Fifty years hence, under
their control, the Filipinos will be or
derly, law-abiding persons like our own
Hindoos, with a taste for acquiring
money and the foible of believing that
rhetoric is an admirable substitute
alike for thought and action."
WILL BRITAIN OBTAIN
FOOTHOLD IN PHILIPPINES?
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— A Sun London
special says: A subject which will en
gage the attention of Embassador Choate
immediately upon his arrival in England
is one which links the political fate of the
Philippines and that of the British West
Indies. Several public hints have been
made within the last few weeks as to the
great mutual advantage that would ac
crue to the United States and Great Brit
ain from the latter's rellnquishment of
her principal possessions in the West In
dtea in exchange for a foothold in the
Philippines.
I will not venture to assert that there
have already been important pourparlers
on the subject, and that consultations and
an exchange of papers bearing thereon
between the foreign and colonial offices
have Taken place- this weeK, because such
an assertion would probably call out
prompt and official denial. I will, how
ever, go so far as to affirm that such a
project will encounter no serious oppo
sition In either of those departments of
the British Government. Tt would be pre
mature to say more. I will add only that
this is one of the possihle solutions of the
Philippine problem which are within
range of practical politics.
NAVAL TRANSPORT
SERVICE TO MANILA
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.-The Navy De
partment to-day took the initial steps for
the prosecution of its plans for the forma
tion of a naval transport service. It pro
mulgated a schedule for the sailing of the
two vessels now available for this service,
by which the Solace is to sail from New
York for Manila in January and July, and
the Buffalo is to run from San Francisco
to the same port in April and October.
The schedule will give a three months'
service to begin with, allowing the vessels
ample time to refit between trips. They
will carry stores for the forces in the
Philippines, and Admiral Dewey will not
only erect a storehouse for the goods but
will have the Celtic and ttie Culgoa to
use as refrigerator ships, to use for the
storage of fresh provisions.
PREPARING FOR THE
PHILIPPINE CABLES
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— General Gree
ley, the chief signal officer, has gone to
New York to look after the execution of
contracts for the supply of ocean cables
for the Philippines. The arrangements
are moving along rapidly and General
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Interest in Our
JANUARY
CLEARANCE SALE
HAS NOT ABATED.
OPPORTUNITIES CONTINUE
AS THE FOLLOWING
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERS WILL SHOW.
SILKS AT
We continue our •• Rs^ Additional lines of
Great Silk Sale, and *A IT B ft *. 4 fancy Silks have been
have added some goods A *TkH l/T-P taken from our stock,
of choice fancy silks V qr( | I r U 1 ffi . Yard worth $1 and foe a
worth $1 and Ssc. To laru WV V ldfU yard, which we offer
close at 50c a yard. .- -- ~ .- ■ . to close at jOe a yard.
DRESS GOODS DEPT. DOMESTICS.
Mr- A YARD— AII wool. 40-inch f" A YARD— About 225 pieces of
"Jit ' Scotch Cheviots and 36-inch kfl Flannelettes in light and me-
/ II- Novelty Dress Goods, worth 11. dium colors; good quality. Reg-
&m\J\J 50c; to close at 25c. WU ular price 10c and 8 l-3c a yard.
• [v\ • v '■ -*- — " Aai A YARD— pieces of 27-
-ad. A YARD — Novelty Dress "Jk ft inch All Wool Eiderdown
VKft Goods in dark colorings and /.I , lannel in Cream Blue,
ifll- 40-inch all wool cheviots, re- fcWU Pink. Cardinal and Gray.
UyU duced from COC a yard. ! Regular price 40c.
'";".: i%W EACH— dozen large size
>■ a YARD— Fine quality Mo- IKH All Linen Hemstitched Huck
/LA hafr - Wool Diagonals. 4G /-li- Towels; extra good quality,
I 1 1 inches - wide, in blues, fcUU Regular price $4 a dozen. '
IvU browns, greens and black; _ - . r- •■ -,- r; : t';
reduced from $1.25 a yard. fat Cn EACH— leases of large
VIiDU size Bed Comforters, Sllk-
•; ■ ■ '. ' . ■ll I oline covered in pretty de.-
g\mmi A YARD— all wool 1 %y| Bigns, rilled with extra
■J/lfl Granite.- Drpss ■ Fabric, in quality white cotton, nicely tufted.
/I Ql cream, 'black, cadet, corn, 1 Regular price $2.
8m I L\S gray arid tan: nne quality; ' -.:
reduced from 65c a yard. . . gfK m nr EACH— SO large size pure
.. V/IiUU Eiderdown Comforters,
Ar A YARD-50-Inch all wool o*f g^ftj* 'sSeeTi
hhO S::,r OualTty; Seed from beautlful dcslgns._Regular price $6 50.
UUU $1 yard. ..; > -- ; v' aa nr 5 cases of large size
— VV. HD White California All Wool:
rfh ft 7C A SUlT— Choice black -\.| lw Blankets, made of extra
II Id Creponnes, Poplin yU quality wool, silk hound
■ rail grounds, with rich Mo- in very pretty borders; good value at
VIU hair figures; beautiful de- $5 50. *>
signs; 6 yards to a suit; regular value
$12 and $13.50. j .
v ' ~~ ~-~ Sheets and Pillow Cases.
Silk WaiStS Made. of extra quality sheeting, with
k?lia TT U1313*.  a two-inch hem, ready for use.
Ap flft EACH— YoUr choice of 75 CHFFT« ?I Yfi:' ri«FS
VK.UU Silk Waists, this season's totttt-«». CAfofctv.
m\l\ latest styles, lined ! Each. Size. Each. Size.
VU throughout, in plain and \ 37^c 63xS0 . i2Uc 4?ylku.
fancy Taffeta; some very swell styles; J 424 c ......72x90 1 , - "-„«;„
regular price $9 and SS. SO; to be placed : 47 I - c Slx9o 15c ; o0x38»/2
on sale to-morrow at $5 each. I 52M:C 90x90 I 16 2-3 c ...54x38Vi
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
WONDERS OF FRUITS
GROWN IN CALIFORNIA
NEW YORK, Jan. 14. — At the annual dinner given by the Fruit
Auction Company to the fruit trade of New York last evening J. H.
Schneider, in the course of his address, said:
"The fruit trade has in the year just passed undoubtedly been
amazed at the performance of California. We have received oranges
from that State during every month of the year, and when we con
sider that five years ago scarcely a box of California citrus fruits
could be disposed of here to advantage the growth of this trade alone
is beyond comprehension of man. Out of a total output of 15,000 car
loads of oranges and lemons in 1898 our city alone has disposed of
2000 carloads, or nearly a seventh of the entire crop."
Greeley expects that within one month
at most his specially chartered cable ship
will have started from San Francisco for
the Philippines, carrying the cable which
is to connect the Philippine Islands of the
northern group with the American head
quarters at Manila. One of the first links
to be supplied will be a line between
Manila and Iloilo, and the islands first to
be connected with Manila wul be Mindora.
Masbato. Samar and Leite. Later on the
e:ible may be extended to the Sulu Archi
pelago.
SEAMEN TO MAN
CAPTURED GUNBOATS
VALLEJO, Jan. 14.— 1n obedience to an
order from Washington, all the available
men of the Independence are preparing to
co to Manila for duty on the small gun
boats captured from the Spanish. The
draft will include about 100 men, and they
will leave next Tuesday on the steamer
Coptic, sailing from San Francisco, in
charge of Lieutenant Gill.
NATIVE ENGINEER
SLAIN BY THIEVES
MANILA, Jan. 14.— A native engineer
at the water works outside the lines was
murdered on Thursday evening by an or
ganized gang of thieves armed with vari
ous weapons. His wife barely escaped
the same fate. The place was ransacked.
The native authorities are Investigating
the affair, but the Filipinos disclaim any
knowledge of th« outrage.
The general situation here is improving.
The Helena Sails for Manila.
PORT SAID, Jan. 14.— The United States !
gunboat Helena has sailed for Manila.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ /'•■,-.■■
ie9eeo9OO9eoee9oeooG®9oeee®e9OGee9Qo@QQ@oQO(
IDo You Need an Electric Belt?
1 y^*""'*""*"***'v f 6Op remem ' 3er ou r oft-repeated advice:
if r*». A If so, remember our oft-repeated advice:
J| BUY NO BELT
t I* ■JW^> #BS«^ TILL YOU see i
;";- W^IH "DR. PIERCES."
\«t JL^a^.* m^ u. i-i. Ji% \y l_4. xJ»«
I . \ Tj'^a^^^^B This Belt cures you while you Sleep. It
I. , 1 '-J*^H*.M "V cures WITHOUT MEDICINE! You reel the
, sC-'/'s /*%■'•' * Vi^JP m , electricity at once and you never regret the
i f ° r '— es y ° u ba " your
I H«%Ml!;iwJw\ ■ ICT'Si?!!^ 2 cents in stamps for our ILLUS-
• VKw^^^P^i BS^W " TRATED PAJir-HLET No. 2, or call at office.
|; »lw^^^Hlf' ■ Pierce Electric : Company,
v :'-v^®iW ; 1 IClvw L!!vClllv vllllipalljj
»- • N^V\SU;7r 620 Market St.. Opposite Palace
I Di». Pierce, Inventor. Hotel, San Francisco.
• .. .; CrOPEN SUxbAY. FROAI 1:30 to. 3 P. M.
BOY DRAGGED BY A
FRACTIOUS HORSE
Animal Baces for a Half Hour With
Lad at the End of Its Halter
Hope.
SALINAS, Jan. 14.— Clyde Cornell, the
9-year-old son of John Cornell, a promi
nent rancher of Alisal, was leading a
refractory horse to water this evening,
and for greater security fastened thra
halter rope around his chest, tying it
into a running knot. The whistle of a
locomotive frightened the animal, which
started to gallop and plunged around a
two-^cre lot, dragging the boy after it.
Ttw continual striking of his head and
on various obstructions soon
r< ndered the lad unconscious, and the
rope, tightening from the repeated
plunges, caused a cessation of respira
tion.
After a half-hour's wild run the horse
was caught by the boy's brother and the
rope cut. A physician summoned from
Salinas says the boy is in a critical con
dition and there is no hope for his re
covery, as he suffers from concussion of
the brain as well as external and internal
injuries.
Sudden Death of a Miner.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 14.— John O'Brien,
a miner, 75 years of age, was found dead
In a cabin at Los Mertos by a Mexican
who had accommodated him with lodg
ings last night. O'Brien appeared at the
cabin at about dusk yesterday and asked
the inmate for permission to spread his
blankets, on the floor and sleep there
for the night. The permission was grant
ed and the owner of th^ cabin, on awak
ening this morning, discovered that his
guest was dead. Ehußhination. showed the
deceased had died from natural causes.TRANSPORTS WITH
FAIR PASSENGERS
Officers' Wives Arrive
at Manila.
SOCIAL GAYETY IN PROSPECT
jB&t.DIERS GET CHRISTMAS BOXES
FROM HOME.
.Sickness on the Decrease in theAmer
. ican Barracks — Honors for a
.'.';. ■.:.' San Francisco Phy
. .';.;:■ : •. sician.
PV CORPORAL FRED A. HEALY.
. , : Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Dec. 8. 1898.
... :• The last transport has arrived and
the Eighth Army Corps is at home. With
every transport there came mall in
pmall quantities, and for over a week
the bnys were made happy by receiving
a letter or two each almost every day.
With the Newport about twenty Amer
ican women— wives of officers— made
their appearance. They, together with
those already here, should form a col
lection of femininity large enough to
create a little social life.
Every one at home seemed to remem
t?er the season that is rapidly ap
proaching, and there have been enough
boxes sent down to create fifty dysen
tery epidemics. I am sure that some
order restricting the boys will soon be
put into force; otherwise they will eat
•so heartily that they will be forced to
folly w. the example of the grizzly and
hibernate, thus becoming an easy prey
tor. the treacherous and bloodthirsty
Filipino.
... Speaking of those same Filipinos, I
rHi.n.k we will have but little trouble
:'*pito them. True, Apuinaldo has a large
"following under arms in the country
."bitf/they are gradually dwindling away,
■'. hen the critical moment comes,
if; it. ever dues come, the best he will
; : be able to put up will be a slight skirm
iKli; ■• He is too far outclassed in every
i be given any serious considera-
There will be trouble here for
■;Wijariy y.-ars to come, but It will not
t to the dignity of war. lam not
ithori.ty on matters diplomatic or
.; niilitary, but 1 think that the leaders
-■;> o'f-.tfte insurgents realize the hopeless
.:• :r position and will come to
as soon as they find a way to
> their rank and file and to reim
■.(•••iDiurse them in some way f<">r the prom
hat have not been made grood. This
. island and, for the most part,
■my not civilized, but not even
.•••'••.explored. The inhabitants are crafty,
H': treacherous, cruel and dishonest, pos
'.'.':"s s'sing, in fact, all the attributes of the
md, save his courage. The lay
. uf. the country, the nature and educa
'.\ Worj of the people and the opportunities
■ O.ff;>rded by prospecting parties that
' '■;'-. fill eventually dock down here and into
•'< ; . lire" wilderness, will make plenty of
.: .wVirk for regular troops. But it will all
•■iie? work and nothing: more. The
us era of war has passed and the
: i volunteer is no longer needed.
'■}■[■': : T.h>'lai -t that the volunteer is no long
•:..:eir needed does not mean that he is to be
;.--B^nf-home In the near future, if one
v.v'nrjay Judge by the general appearance
, .of thfhg-s. The boys go on drilling, eat-
S; tiig^abd sleeping in the old regulation
;:V\ay;; they become sick and get well, as
ferejitribed by regulation, and the only
difference between garrison life now
"v'aii'4 r 'jgarrlßoa life three months ago is
•ttte : gi v eiitor stability of the present. No
.l<>h£er .is there any enthusiasm or ex
•tßeri^ent among those of the veteran
. . r.eghmims. Things are beginning to
hrto the groove prepared for them,
iififl tfere is about as much life notice
in'a Manila garrison as would be
• : ill- an Angel Island barracks.
V.-'.jptp'ejudtag of Angel Island brings me
-$p : >th"eLnew work under way on Corre
;VKth>- establishment of a conval
ni. hospital, whither fever and dvs
: . en-t.^ry- patients will be sent and given
: ■.a;::i'Hance. to recuperate on the strong.
/ :■■: inf.igo.ra.ting salt sea breezes that come
; .rs\V^ei'Mng in from the China Sea. Two
: ooiripanies^-A and B of the Tenth
•nsylvania — are now stationed there,
: ju^P'tho work on the buildings has al
"". :' r<;a if y en m menced.
.'\i;'l who is to be in charge of this
•■;■.; Irjfttftution? Who is placed anywhere
Avlie.li good men are needed and Califor
;-.tj)iana are around? Dr. E. K. Johnstone,
>ung physician from San Francisco,
■•■. .'-in present attached t>> the regular army
.corps, Is the man selected for the place
.by Major Owen. Dr. Johnstone Is
.'given the post— one of the most import
'; ant of the medical positions down here
•■'—in recognition of the excellent service
hr> has rendered since his arrival. This
Is the second time the doctor has dis
tinguished himself since entering the
service, his work in the camp hospitals
' at home having obtained for him
'special mention in the report of the of
fiffr commanding.
While I am on the subject of distinc
tion earned by Oalifornians down here
1 wish to call attention to Corporal
Frank B. Mosley of the Eighteenth
Regular Infantry. At the taking of
Manila the Eighteenth was the first
regiment in the advance on the
trenches. Some of the old soldiers in
the regiment had been "joshing" the
rookies and warning them against "cold
When the critical moment ar
rived Mosley, thf-n a private, sprang
out ahead of th" whole command and,
tiling the old fellows to watch a
"rookie," sprang forward to the
trenches, which he entered amid a
storni of bullets thirty yards ahead of
the balance of the command. That was
how he won his stripes.
Sickness is steadily decreasing.
Thoutrh the men are in a better state
of health, collectively, than ever be
for<*, yet the consequences of past ill
■md suffering are severe enough to
unfit many a poor fellow for active
duty for a long time to come. Many
of tV>sp fellows have received their dis
cfc. treys and will leave for home in Ihe
first transport that departs. How soon
the balance of the regiment will get
• 1 am unable to say, though it
looks r.; though it is here for some time.
Every man who has any sort ot a
1 pull 1 ! is using it "for all Its is worth "
Those who nave no "pull" arc either
■;-.iwinj, wood and saying nothing" or
;Hre making a virtue out of necessity
and telling their comrades of the sol
djerly^sense of duty that holds tho !n
.. here';' notwithstanding the urgent solici
tations they are continually receiving
from Senators and Congressmen to al
; low. lntercession in their behalf.
.Dr. Farrell probably will be the next
v«ne 'of our officers to leave, llr- is suf
;.:foring intensely from inflammatory
.rheumatism in his left arm. His con
.dltjbh has become such as to cause con
siderable anxiety to his friends. Colonel
Smrth and the other officers urge him
. 1(1 iapply for a transfer to California,
but he refuses, saying that in peace as
:'•'. wolf as in war physicians are necessary,
••'■ and his place is with his boys.
Death at Copper City.
•REDDING, Jan. 14.— David Porter
Miles, a prominent citizen and merchant
ol .Copper City. Is dead, having suc
cumbed to a stroke of paralysis, fie was
49 years of age. A large family survives
him.
THE EMPORIUM.
// Pays to Trade Here. d\[o Transaction Is Completed in This Store Until the Customer Is Satisfied. January Clearing {Now
THE SALES CONTINUE STRIKING ECONOMY-NEW BARGAINS.
JAJ^ll^^g^&jbA^^ Everything to cat. Mr^-^^^^^^^^^^^\ K§
Bmw| Hp^wear or u<e in your Home, under One fS^^^^^ff F* LWHr.2
ffr,f^ W^^^yyWr The advantage of bsinjrabla lo -buy everything for p*r In I l!* 3 11-^r^"
"^i iISJ "J ,J IJt ,JL-^ir Bomi ' or 10m ' use in on« store, is most apparer.'. on a ralr.y 'liLs £?>^^^V^ 5*3?
BSH I ag|jJCT^afejSßßMr^ / day." '' is then that thr many conveniencse of Th<? Kmporium .^~^~*C*^l\ =V^
H|| / and Golden Rule Bazaar ara moit appreciated. The immense /^Jfi^^ißi! -" 5""2 v
©J f£ m* f^flffiy I / e*ntng from the curb to the door is th« latest innovatioa /^-\^ = ' \a^^ s '
I Hosiery*
'faf' Not the cheap and
medium priced lines alone
wK that are cut, but the sur-
JH^\ plus stocks of the finer
I^^ grades as well.
B^——— «^^ Ladies' Fancy Li3le Thread
p^pßHßpflßHßS^^^ Hose, drop stitch in Roman
Bhy f | Br^T^l w^!w str 'P c:J ' Scotch Plaids, black
boot, Persian and Roman stripe
jW^aß By tops. Former price 75c — Glear-
m A?V»J r¥^y3^ ing price, per pair
3%1f Ladies' Black Silk Hose--
high-spliced heels, double soles
and toes, hermsdorf black,
B& heavy weight. Former price
$1.45— Clearing price per pair
W Three Big
W Values in
pSj/ Ladies' heavy fleece lined
3** Egyptian Cotton Vests, full
'&$ finished seam, silk trimmed, col-
org ecru and white. Former
O> price 50c each — January
Clearing Sale price OOC
Ladies' "Oneita" heavy fleece
l^^j-v^ lined combed Cotton Union
j Suit?, silk finished, natural
{ "^^^^^^ color only. Former price 75c
I each — January Clearing . _
p a ' e p peer ' cc
r - ""^^^^^^ Children's Jersey Ribbed
r heavy fleece lined Vests and
}■ Pants, ecru color only, for ages
I - — 3 to 10 years. Former price
L. ■! ... » 25c — Glearing Sale price.. f Q
J7C
Undermuslin Climax.
Hints only of the value •> fRSSSS
given in this department — --«rr^^^ kfew
prices mentioned often do /^i^l'wifefl
not cover cost of materials. isiifl^l"SiiSiv /IS.
Ladies' Gowns \^'7 : ®fs^W}
— best muslin, embroidery IT- jf 'w I: •f»l Uwyyrr^ f
yoke — reduced from ZQ (rfji 1 "" 1 "' •'••"^■^ry / I
$1.00 to O/C T >Th\ ■ /
Ladies' Gowns j^-.. /sTm\ \\\'\ 1 1 1
— beautifully made, lace »<%^?/7rrSr^{»^7 /In( IV
trimmed, _ reduced q_ v^w^4^^i^frY// 1 *\ \ \
from $1.50 to 95c ? i UJ "
Ladies' Gowns
— of finest materials, ; — '■ — -^"^^
charmingly designed, reduced from $1.75 t" a^ 1A
; 4>1.1U
Ladies' Tennis Flannel Gowns — all ~ o
sizes, well made, pearl buttons <3OC
Corset Covers— high or low neck, felled seams, [= .
now t , 3C
Corset Covers— high neck, embroidery trim- * A
ming— now >UC
Corset Covers— V-shaped neck, wide embroid- *g.
cry trimminer — were 25c, now >5C
Muslin Skirts —with deep Spanish flounce, were m
$I.oo— : 3UC
For Children's Wear
73c Plaid Dresses— for children : cashmere
trimming on yoke and cuffs, all lined, for ages 3 and 4 ~q
years only — reduced to <J7C
Children's $1.25 Dresses— Boucle dots R _
for apes 2 to 6 years — now OjC
Infants' Short Skirts— trimmed with fine lace
or embroidery, for ages 6 months to 3 years — were $2, * . -_
now »p* »O
infants' Muslin Gowns— fine torchon lace __
trimming— were 86c, now OjC
Infants' Cambric Gowns— (me tucks and , _
embroidery trimmed— were $1.00, now OjC
Children's Jam o' Shanter Hats -in Ar -
plain or plaid velvet — were 75c, now 4jC
Entire line Children's Woolen Dresses
reduced— no reserve.
v
ALBERT PARR'S DEATH
VEILED IN MYSTERY
Peculiar Circumstances Attending
His Fatal Plunge Over an
Embankment. •
SAN JOSE, Jan. There are some un
explalnable things surrounding the death
of Albert Parr, the blacksmith who drove
over an embankment of Los Gatos Creek,
near St. James street, on Thursday night.
Parr left his home on the. Almaden road,
six miles northwest of here, at 2:30 o'clock
in the afternoon. At 5:30 he was In the
City store on Market street and an hour
later he called at the blacksmith: shop of
James Robinson at^El Dorado and San
Pedro streets. After thiß no trace ol him
could be found until his body was discov
ered the next morning under his team' in
the creek.
Where Parr spent the evening is a mys
tery. It is thought he must have driven |
over the embankment at about midnight, i
or he would have been seen or heard by
passersby. Parr was probably s-timnell |
by the fall and • died from* exposure and I
from being trampled -' on .hy his horse. I
He had been 111 with the grip and very '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 15, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
White Woolen Blankets— material and finish
first-class — weight 5 lbs — large size, for double beds — nicely
bound— a $5 value, for the January Clearing Sale, *~ q-
per pair.. 3>0.7j
White Woolen Blankets, made from Califor-
nia wool in the Stockton Woolen Mills, size 72x80 inches, * . Q p.
our $fi line, for the January Clearing Sale, per pair !p4.7U
White Woolen Blankets, extra grade, the
product of California labor and wool, 7-lb weight, size 78x84
inches, slightly soiled from handling, an $8.50 per pair * , - _
value, to be closed out during the January Sales at 4>6.Zj
Comforters, abundantly filled with good white cot-
ton, carefully quilted in fancy scroll designs, substan- *. .-^
tially covered, as 2 value, for the January Sales, each *P* "JJ
Comforters, filled with fine carded white sheet cot-
ton, hand tufted in wool, light in weight, but warm and durable,
our $2.25 line, January Clearing price until sold 0ut.... * f or
, 4>J.OJ
The Dress Goods man said, ''Give us a large space in the Sunday papers; there are no values in the
store to equal mine." The items offered are in truth unusual — better than our usual best — but the de-
mands of many stocks for space allows us to mention only these few:
SI Black Camel's Hair Brochc A handsome and popular 40-inch suiting— now only 68c
$1.25 Black Fancy Mohair Luster —Three beautiful designs— width 50 inches— now only 78c
600 Silk and Wool Mixtures- -Nc-w color effects in blue, green and brown— width 40 inches — now only 42c
75C English Curled Mohair — Brocaded effects -many pretty colorings— 44 inches wide— now only 59 G
$1 Tailor Checks and Cheviot Suitings- Width 50 inches— latest colorings for tailor-made suits— now onh\73e
$2 Astrakhan 54 inches wide — brown, green, new blue, cardinal or navy— now $Ib 4-8
51.50 Astrakhan — 54 inches wide — cardinal, navy and golden brown only — now reduced to $1.22
$1.25 Fancy Suitings — Bayadere stripes in light and dark effects — a great bargain at the new price 89c
nil y
Men's 50c Neckwear cut to 33c and 19c ;
Men's 15c Hosiery cut to 10c !
Men's $1 French Percale Shirts, new patterns, cut to 78c j
Try one of our Emporium
Tapestry Portiere Bargain
In Green, Red, Blue, Olive or Terra Cotta colorings. They are
3 yards long, 50 inches wide, same on both sides, heavy corded
effect, fringed top and bottom, overthrow fringe 12 inches
deep, beautifully patterned. Reduced for this sale, per <t ,. Qf
pair 4>4.yU
More Grocery Bargains
Who sells at all times first-quality food supplies so cheaply
as we do? Answer the question from your own experience.
These specials for the coming week are among the best values
that even we have ever offered.
Choice Eastern Hams— Quality guaranteed, sold
regularly at 12' ic lb.— will be all this week fOe
Corn Meal — 10-lb. sacks, yellow or white, regularly
for 25c— will be this week 18c
New Persian Dates— regularly 10c lb.— will be
this week 8c
Menier GhOCOlate— yellow wrapper, regularly 50c
lb. — for the coming week 3Sc
300 Cans Webb's Succotash— "an excellent
article," regularly 15c can— this week, while supply lasts.. /Oc
some Liquor Bargains,
Good Table Claret— regularly 38c gallon— this
week 25c
Jesse Moore Am Am Bourbon— quart bottle,
regularly $I.lo— this week 85c
Old Sherry Wine -our dollar-a-gallon quality—
this week 7Oc
Good Bourbon Whiskey- the entire week—
per gallon $2.00
THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— A METRIC AS GRANDEST STORE.
weak. The verdict of the Coroner's jury
wns that death resulted from natural
causes.
Where Parr spent the evening and what
he did with some money he had in his
possession and some of his purchases are
bothering the officers. Mrs. Parr said
her husband had $26 50 when he left home
In the afternoon. He purchased $8 worth
of groceries that he paid for, and $3 was
found In his purse. This leaves $13 50
iiuuccounted for. A fifty-pound sack of
flour and some other groceries Parr pur
chased are missing. There was no evi
dence that the body was robbed.
RIOT AT JOHANNESBURG.
TJitlanders and Burghers Engage in
a General Fight.
JOHANNESBURG, Jan. 14.— A public
meeting of British residents was held this
afternoon with the object of protesting
the grievances of the Uitlariders. An
enormous crowd of Burghers and Afri- j
kanders was present and the attempt to ■
read tli>- recently formulated petition to;
the Queen w.is the signal for a great up- I
roar on their part. -,-.• A free fight ensued, !
in .which chairs, benches. and' tables, were '
broki up and the pieces used as weap
ons. The lighting became "general and at :
lasi accounts was still in progress. '
THE EMPORIUM.
Blankets Comforters Sheets.
We cannot duplicate these extraordinary offerings when stock now on hand is exhausted.
First-class 5-pound Woolen Blankets for $3.95 the pair means an actual saving to house or hotel
keepers of 20 per cent. Each one of these nine items is a particular, special bargain that careful
housekeepers can best appreciate.
Vllue'JaMnfin Dress Goods.
We are clearing out the surplus lines of Winter Clothing — closing
them out quickly — good honestly made wearing apparel for men and boys
that was fairly priced before the January Clearing Sales began — that simply
cannot be duplicated at the Clearing Prices when present lots are gone.
Men's Suits at $10*45 — Here is one of the very best clothing bar-
gains ever put before the people — Several lines of Stylish, perfectly fitting single or double
breasted Sack Suits, made up handsomely from fashionable materials by some of the best
makers in the land (all sizes) have been marked down from their regular* prices of *
$15 and $18 to $10.45
Men's Overcoats at $12*75— This is another chance of a life-
time— silk-faced fancy Cheviots with velvet collars— new double faced Coverts without
linings — handsome all-wool Kerseys in Blue and Black, Black Thibets, Vicunas and Worsteds
the kind we have always sold at $15 — the kind that will stand a close comparison * _
with those elsewhere at $17.50— cut to clear out during the January Sales to $12.75
Popular lines— goods that are desirable — that are in active demand —
that's the sort that we have cut prices on.
FAIR MINSTRELS
SCORE A SUCCESS
Society Women of Redwood City Ap
pear in Burnt Cork
Roles.
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 14.— A decided
innovation in the nature of a woman
minstrel show took place here to-night at
i the Alhambra Theater. Notwithstanding
the inclement weather, a large and fash
ionable audience was in attendance, many
coming from the neighboring towns and
country. The personnel of the minstrel
club consisted of some of the best known
and the most prominent women in this
community, many of them belonging 1 to
the local lodge of Native Daughters, un
der whose management the show was
given. The affair was a great success,
j both financially and socially, and all pres
| ent enjoyed themselves to the utmost,
i The house was kept in a continual roar
: from beginning to end, the local jokes
' being especially good.
THE EMPOEJT/M.
This week's bargains are of the caliber that make friends for us— and hold
them. We are putting forth every effort to make this the most satisfactory as well as
the most liberal store on the coast. The January Sales exemplify this policy. They
are paving the way for entirely New, Clean Spring Stocks— they are saving money for
thousands of careful buyers.
The Climax of C£#fr«»
Good Values in &mMS€&m \
Novelty Figured and Roman Stripe Taffetas, heavy grade
suitable for underskirts, retail value $1.00 and $1.25. , Q
January Clearing Price O7C
21-inch Basket Weave Plaids, neat styles for shirt- _ Q
waists, retail value $1.50 yard. January Clearing Price... /7C
Ombre Stripes :snd Metalasse Effects, high-grade
novelties, retail value $1.50 and $1.75. January *. , Q
Clearing Price 1p1.*7
19-inch Changeable Taffeta, heavy grade, suitable for _ Q
underskirts, former price 75c yard. Clearing Price J7C
Canton Flannel 7^c
Canton Flannels, bleached or unbleached, solid weave and
heavy, wide width, wear and warmth in these; our 10c a _«
yard quality, during this sale /^C
Down-Filled Comforters, Fancy Sateen cov-
j ered, standard double bed size, nicely quilted, large *.-» Q£ -
range of coloring, were $3.75 each, sale price $2,*7j
Down-Filled Comforters, covered with high-
! class silk on one side and finest French sateen on the other,
i liberally filled with choice quality of down, were $10 .*_ qc
I each. January Sale price $7.75
PHIOW Gases, neatly hemstitched and carefully
made, full siza (45x36 inches), 50 dozen only — on sale ir .
while quantity lasts (well to come early) each >UC
Bed Sheets— Another lot of those heavy, serviceable,
well-made Bleached Sheets offered during first week of sale.
I Clearance Prices of the various sizes as follows:
54x90 inches.. .32^c each 72x90 inches. ..37^c each
63x90 inches. ..3sc each 81x90 inches. ..4oc each
90x90 inches 45c each
The Climax of ECso4*&* ff^Bnlß+Smmrm
Value-Giving in F IKB O#oCff#ffiy«
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
Men's fine $1 and $1.25 Underwear cut to 89c
Men's fine $1.25 Underwear cut to 98c
Men's regular 50c Balbriggan Underwear cut to 33c
Brand Linen 10c Collars.
Linings and Notions.
15c Percaline Lining, light shades, now 5c yard
35c Wool Mixed Moreens, changeable, now 22c yard
25c Satin Hose Supporters now 12c pair
12c Children's Side Supporters now 7c pair
25c Beaded Slides now 6c each
35c Beaded Loops now "... 14c each
! 10c Stockinet Dres3 Shields now .5c pair
! 10c Shell Hair Pins, assorted, now 6c dozen
j Hooks and Eyes, that were 10c, now 3c for 2 dozen
7c Cord Edge Skirt Binding now 4c yard
Printed Flannelettes sc.
The line 3 of Flannelettes that we offered at the commence-
ment of the January sales are all gone, so we have taken 500
pieces of Fine Weave, High-Class Printed Flannelettes, light and
i dark plaids and figures, all desirable and in constant de-
| mand, and have made the sale price per yard ; 5c
Toilet Articles.
Hair Brushes — large : -^
size, wood back, mixed bristle C__ — ■-' ' Jk
i stock; a good value 25c brush — ""^JjST^^.JIeI
I while present supply lasts for...#/o "*«*!£! !»■*"
Crown Perfumery Co. Ex-
<gv^"'"v.!fr^ tracts— the genuine in all popular odors—
§£?T--" <?^sru re gutor 90c size reduced for the January sales
|pvsv «S4 to 63C
X * i Ladies' Purses — Combination
V Cardcase and Pocket Book, in colored grain
/ leather and imitation monkey skin, well made,
Jj. . mounted : witb sterling silver corners, good
S^"*.v*t' i value 75c purse— sale now at 30C
88*&\^' <£?4 Kirk's Soaps — The regular 25c
V^W^^^OJ box goods, popular brands, now on sale — box
"^^^'"^Nof 3 cakes for 17c
Some of the characters taking: part
were: Fanny Davenport, Cissy Winks,
Adallna Paddy, Yellow Peach Yaw, Merry
Tempest, Sorry Bernhardt, Ima Dandy,
the Snowball Twins, Smoky Ham. Clem
entina Bigfoot, Inky "White, Rosa Cog
wheel, Merry Coon, Mile. Kanki de Koko,
Steve Handy. Ike Razeyors, Para Dice.
The performance concluded with an old
fashioned cake walk.
The following well-known ladies and
gentlemen composed the club: Mrs. ('.
! H. Off>rman, Mrs. Goorge Holden, Mrs.
t Charles Townsend, Mrs. J. F. Johnston,
j Mrs. J. W. Wilson. Miss Lottie Christ,
Miss Jenny Kelly, Miss Rose Hilson, Miss
Eva Cook, Miss Irene Doyle, Mrs. J. H.
O'Keefe, Mrs. A. Hanson, Mrs. W. Havey,
; Mrs. E. Stevens, Miss Louise Rouselfp,
! Miss Louise Miramontes, Miss Clara Mira
j montes. Miss Pauline Hanson, Miss Chase
' Stafford, Miss Claire Murray, Miss Mura
i Wilcnx, Miss Alice Holden, Miss May
'< Durham. Miss Viola Sahlberp. Miss So
| phia Hatch, Miss Eileen Swift. Miss
I Bessie Winter, Miss Laura Genochio, Miss
Petra Johnson. Miss Emma Holden, Miss
Edna Lloyd, Miss Gladys Lowe, Miss
Abby Douglass, Miss Viola Hanson, Miss
j Lottie Genochio, Miss Natalie Hansen,
| Miss Aimee Jacobus; George Graham,
j Harvey Ross, Dr. Asa W. Collins and
' William Usher.
THE EMPORITTM.
The New Jabot.
On sale at Ribbon Counters y
The charming and effective' neck
dressing which the big store recently , x-jyf v.
introduced has become extremely pop- ■jP^<()fT
ular and bids fair to be the favorite . Ql h'|-^
Jabot of the new year. It is in greater N jfl?j; \r<S\
demand than any Jabot we have over (I \
sold. This week we offer a special, f^V£&^&S§V
not for clearing purposes, but to still x^«r&. ~\l&£}
further introduce them. tibl* "* £r
Ribbon and Lace Ja- Mi i.
bots — Made of lj a ' yards on all- A^ "^ 1 \
'* silk wide
/^%2^+xL wear, sev- Jo%'sM
S. aawWh eral hun - Mt^Wi
&. $tf%y*sg& d r e d to
'WZ/amw^tft I \ made 'to order while you wait,
W/fiSif %\ \ for • 48c
W/fff & \ I Latest style Liberty Go!"
mliliW n laretteS— The balance of the
.■://."■■ r season's Black Liberty Collarettes at
vilMll about half regular prices. The good
IIJJjI M\ assortments left now marked $1.89,
$1.35 and 78c
Hantikerch'f Specials
Ladies' Linen Handkerchiefs, 200 dozen, all pure linen, Q
hemstitched, extra quality. January Clearing price 0n1y.... /C
Ladies' Lawn Handkerchiefs, 200 dozen sheer lawn, scal-
loped embroidered, slightly mussed in window displays, so c
marked to close, each '. 5c
House Furnishing Economy.
Porcelain Decorated Lamp,
rjjJJ with shade to match, burner and chimney com-
{ || plete like illustration.
'"\ j^f January Sale price,
/^fiisEsJ^v Clear Glass Break- ]^l|i!39ll<\ \
feysg*g) fast Set, 4 pieces i^W^Wk I
t^~~ ■—^^^ — sugar bowl, creamer, M& Wk f 3 Jll
butter dish and spooner. | | f g| a 111
A splendid bargain at Mill %yj
January Sales price, || | | 1 1/
set complete 4Oc V^. $k «»v
Water Pitch-
er, like illustration, -^er-
a fine imitation of cut
glass, 1-quart size. January Clearing Price.2OC
sq^ Covered Vege-
- table Dishes, Carlsbad
s x*f*ls^)i^^^++^ China, pretty violet decora-
> ' *\ _^ a _^ l fSXU.'.'M«fea tions, shape like picture, regu-
w^f^^^l-^^^- s*l^^5 * 1^^ lar price $1.90 each. Janu-
a r y Sales Price only 9Oc
Salad Dishes, clear
white semi-porcelain, 10-inch
Bize, gold edge, colored flower decoration, regularly 60c, January
Sales Price :..; 45c
Thin Blown Water Goblets, in" "amber and
green shades, with a gold band and edge, regular price 50c
each. January Sales Price .. . 25c
T.lsin Blown Crystal . a
Water Goblets, prettily JLzrrr~*-— — -&— ,
etched, regularly 25c each. Janu- / JM] ' i^^s^^^^
ary Sales Price ISc r3ni
. IQc Emery Knife UL_.eJ]U I
Sharpeners, for table, ni JJ&^™4**
knives and carvers, reduced to. Sc /*^H
Four Shelf White Wood Book \ LJ-^4* J—
Rack, like picture, size 24x28 "|| -—*^== =*=*
inches, now 38c
25c Knife Sharpening JU"- — . 1
Boards reduced t0........./6c * ~» s^
$1.75 Asbestos Sad Irons, ■ .-, '•';.':'' : Vl »
<^^^> se of t ree ' nickel plated. Marked
T^^T if—tC or January Clearing Sale t0... 51.44
>I - ,8.7- 85c Three-hook Oak Hat
i -" i~"~ Racks reduced t0... .......:.... 420
N: " 'Tv'^T ' One-quart Measuring
vI " ! _"_ . Glasses, two styles, like illus-
v | " M tration, very useful to have in house.
NI ■" I' ±. ' Reduced from 35c each to ■ 25c
Sisdc^-^^^lf 20c Nickel Plated Tack Ham-
mers n0w.....: :..... 14c
Three - prong Metal Towel
I] Racks reduced from 10c to 4c
j. Ij 25c German Cylinder
f\ l\ // Graters, 3 * grates in one — coarse,
\\ /wSK// medium and fine reduced to lOc
\)jj2tcw / The Quick Cut Chopping
Ca#r3SSp^ Knife, was 10c, n0w.... Sc
m »>TA 50c Oarved Bread Boards
l\\k/ I \ reduced to 33c
I \Mi) \\ Wood Chopping Tray, 25
I V inches long, now .: 36c
' 7 7 wl l\ F ° ld " J
—^^^**-~^_o'* = \Fs=^> ttaCK, -~ti
<&z^^=z = ~<? 40c to 26c
* J^- L v This good Fire Set, Shovel, Tongs
and Poker, on bronzed iron stand, now reduced to 8&O
r\ Extra heavy Wood Bucket, with
V** 5555^1.*— ,n 3 galvanized iron hoops, only 26c
M J] 20c Wood Rim Flour Sieves,
**sj *** ««J 12 inches in diameter, reduced to., 13c
II | T Folding Clothes Bars for
'^ ==**««, kitchens — will stand in corner of room —
_f ■ equal to 50 feet of clothes line — invaluable
'^ ssS= **?: in rainy weather — were $1.60, n0v?..51.17
[^ ||_ Steel " Enamel ' Coffee Pots, 3-
L*' \Lsr Jis= quart size, reduced from 36c to 29c
Wide Lace Curtains, $1.98.
E0 pairs Lace Curtains 60 inches wide, 4 yards long, imita-
tion Arabian border and net center ; large enough for bay win-
dows, charming for single windows ; reguhr price and unusually
good value $2.25 pair. For the clearing sale this lot *.« QQ
is offered at.: \pJ.7O
DIES A VICTIM OF
TRICHINOUS PORK
Felix Conti Paspes Away at Tomales,
and Three Others Are Very-
Low.
TOMATOES, Jan. 14.— Felix Conti, the
victim of a diet of trichinous pork, was
buried here to-day. Grandi's life may be
saved, say the doctors. Conti's wife is
very low, and Anzini Is just alive.
A singular fatality seems to hang over
this gloomy ranch by the sea. Mrs. Casa
rotti died here. Situated in a deep hol
low, dark and damp, the water supply has
been of dubious quality. The ordinary
residence, dairy houses and the great l>arn
and corral for cows have been crowded
down into this hole and conditions far
from wholesome have been a necessary
consequence, especially during the sea
son of heavy rains. Ample opportunity
for pigs to eat matter infected with
trichina is offered by the curroundings.
That other infected swine are on the
ranch seems almost a certainty.
Some years ago. the predecessor of
Uuuil on this place was an Italian luzued
THE EMPORIUM.
Gaspari. He was a man of splendid
physique and in robust health, but he
died very suddenly of inflammation of the
bowels. His sickness was apparently of
only a few days' duration. Severe
diarrhoea is a common accompaniment of
the third stage of trichiniasis. This is a
significant circumstance in the light of
recent events.
To-day Dr. T'rban, the health officer at
Tomales, in company with Dr. Nief, the
Matin County veterinary, made a thor
ough investigation of the premises, pay
ing particular attention to the hogs. The"ir
report has not yet been submitted.
BOTH CLAIMING VICTORY.
CARSON." Nev.. Jan. 14.— The members
of the Legislature are nearly all here.
They will caucus to-morrow. The silver
men claim the organization of both
houses. v The Newlands men claim a vic
tory in the Central Committee meeting
and say -they will retain Sharon as chair
man. The Stewart faction is collecting
evidence on Sharon's attitude during tho
campaign'and claim it Is damaging. Pitt
of Humboldt is set down as refusing to
caucus with, either Bide. Cleveland's con
dition is no better and be Is out of th«
tsaegk
56
'■* SUNDAY JANUARY 15. 1899
1 • *
t >-. - ' - , ,  _^,
::.:•/•• • JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ■-'
:"\'\... Address Al! Corr.munications to W. S. LEAKE, Managor.
i PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
••:;■- • --Telephone Main ISCS.' ••■■
' tDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
•; : V • • Telephone Main IS7I.
. : ''THE san francipco call (DAILY and sunday) i»
■■• 'served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
:■'."•.; for 15 cents c week- By mail $6 per year; per montt)
'.'. .'•'•■ 65 cents. '
I -THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 pa&es ..One year, by mall. $1
i;;-OAKLAND OFFICE |V.V 908 Broadway
'■ ••'; KtW YORK OFFICE ...Room IBS. World Building
•■;-'. . • DAVID ALLLN, Advertising Representative.
• VVASHINGTON (D. c.) office Rig^s Housb
; y ■ C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
'. CHICAGO OFFICE.. ', ' Marquettc Building
;':'' C- GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Represcntetive.
.■ BRANCH OFFICES— S£7 orrery street, corner Cloy.
; : • cpen tmtll 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes s.treet. oc>er> un'.ll
0:30 o"ciocK. 621 McAlltetcr street, open urjtll 9:50
•" • o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9:39 otlocK
-1941 Mission street, cpen uotil 10 o"c!6cK- £291 Market
ctree!., corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- ! 06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Tv.'enty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open Until 9 o'clock- . .;
Columbia— "The Man From Mexico.", .' i -
California— "PudiTnli^ail Wjlson.".
A|carar— ''A Temperance Town," Monday ni£ht.
. . Tivoli— "T6e Yellow Dwarl :
McroScc's— Hi Henry Minstrels. • - ' -
. Orrheum— Vaudeville. :
Comedy— "I,'r.c!; Tern's Cabin." .
Chutes and Zvo— Pianka, the "Lady of Lien*.'"
"■■ Olympia — Coxnrr Maf=on and Ellis streets. Specialties.
, ■ Ing-lestdc C:-uislr.B P.adt— Ccuriir.g to-day.
necreat'.cn Park — Baseball.
Ir.kleslde Race Track— Races To-morrow.
Sherman -Clay Hall— Gercme Helmoct. .Violinist, Tnesday
fvpnir.g. January 17.
AUCTION SALE ',
~~~
By A. W. Louderbaek— Monday. January 15, at 10:C0 a. m.
and 2:30 p. m., Turkish Rug?, at 123 Geary street.
Tiy Madison & l^urke— Tuesday, January 17. at 12 o'clock,
Real Estate, at €2fi Market st.
NO CHANGE IN THE LIST.
TE black list, roll of dishonor, made up of
the names of members oi the Legislature who
r Burns for United States Sena-
Dged. To record this act is a
say that a name had
stricken from the list would have been an ad
le present this is denied.
tit that they had won
their side VV. D. Knights of Sacramento.
tor when he recorded his vote
ral Barnes, as it had been before.
ran? through the Assembly cham
ber, where the houses were in joint session. Boasts
had been made by the Burns push that they had se
cured Knights. A tremendous pressure had been
: to bear upon him. The County Committee
had issued its ukase, and yet Knights stood firm.
He was not to be won by promise nor threat.
There were many who feared for him. They had
witnessed the fall of Jilson and the spectacular plunge
of Wright. They knew the Burns gang had been
driven to desperation and that there was no limit to
the inducements they would offer. Knights had
•en led to promise that he would support
ome promises are better broken than
he realized that misrepresentations had been
made to him. that a deliberate effort to deceive him
rt of the programme, and he turned against
who would have led him astray. They were
surprised and chagrined More surprises and greater
humiliation await them. The following is the black
ippeared yesterday. There is a hope that
i r vote some of the names may be taken
from it:
SENATORS.
Bettman, San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Alameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Wolfe, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara.
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
JILSON, Siskiyou.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Kelley, Alameda.
Kelsey, Santa Clara.
Kenneally, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Alameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
WRIGHT, Alameda.
There may be Burns' votes in reserve. Whenever
they desire to get on this list, and to be held up to
■ihe scorn of the peoj>le, there is space for them.
The Examiner is sure the arrests in connection with
the Wilson murder were too soon. They wer^ cer
nly too soon for the Examiner to know anything
pbout them until details were printed in The Call, and
• the same is true of many other events of Importance.
, The police have turned loose a gang of confidence
. men. who promise to leave the city within five days.
The interval will be sufficient to permit them to turn
enough trick? to pay for tickets.
an Berry of Kentucky has taken to
writing poetry, but the depressing feature of this cir
cumstance is that he makes Uncle Sam assume the
role of publisher.
The attorneys who were to press suits against the
State on behalf of the various counties have with
drawn. They are astute gentlemen, quite capable of
taking a hint.
In order to show the situation at Sacramento con
temporaries are quoting freely from The Call reports.
This is all right Our aim is to instruct as well as
pjcase.
ThjE POSITION OP THE JUSTICES.
{ *" I 'HE bandaged eyes represent the equaljty and
the ermine the purity of justice, administered
I * through the forms and in the tribunals' of the
* law. A shir upon the integrity of the bench is like
the spitting of scandalous venom .at a- woman. The
American people feel that while their courts are clean
they can meekly endure the filth of the lower depths
of politic?. For a Judge to be seen even carefully
picking lus steps through that nasty pool iS as shame
ful as the spectacle of a wife slipping into an abode of
sin.
For these reason^ the charge of Speaker Wright
against four Justices of our Supreme Court, now de-
I nied by them, is almost unexampled in its infamy, ana
ii true would have been a sickening revelation. He
made the accusation as an excuse for his own deep
treachery to his immediate constituents, to the State
and to the country. For the insult to the nation, ex
pressed by his vote for Dan Burns, he sought to
shield himself by quoting the imaginary advice of four
members of the most exalted department of the State
government A Jiid not cease to be a man or
j a- citizen, but, for the reason that he speaks for the
};:\\; "whose seat," as Hooker beautifully said, "is in
, the bosom or God and whose voice is the harmony
of the world." he is placed somewhat above ordinary j
' manhood 'and ordinary citizenship. This is the chiv- i
, alrous- tribute of a free people to the men who are j
: intrusted .with the protection of their rights and the !
; redress of their wrongs. Judges are supposed to
touch the world in its most vital interests, and yet to
live apart from the world, in the realm of undiluted
| truth and honor, so that they may rigidly apply I
j eternal principles to fluctuating facts.
Therefore, even where great and honorable states
men, with laudable ambition, are pressing toward the
toga, judicial interference is resented as an outrage j
and a crime. But for a Justice of the Supreme |
Court of California to champidn Dan Burns would!
reveal unspeakable moral leprosy, and, for plain rea
sons, would constitute almost an impeachable offense.
i Such advocacy would imply absolute disbelief in the
hirustantial record that has been published broad- !
] cast against this Mexicanized American by The Call j
I and by the reputable press of the State. Each one J
of these accusations, unless true, is a gross and in
defensible libel, for which newspaper proprietors,
irs and reporters, are both criminally and civily
liable. Dan Burns, if possessed of the strength of in
; nocence and integrity, has the inalienable right to
'■ invoke the>e remedies and to wash bis dripping repu
tation to the whiteness of snow. And yet the very
judicial officers who. if his apparently torpid sensibility
used to the point of common self
respect, would sit in the place of ultimate judgment,
. Speaker Wright has represented as having deliberately
1 prejudged a multitude of cases upon which it might j
thus become a necessity for them to pass. The annals of
the United States' do not contain the story of an atti
so humiliating, so despicable and so exasperat
ing. The Call, to which, as to citizens generally, ju
dicial reputation is dear and beyo«d calumnious
: rumor? or uncorroborated statements, is glad to be
\ assured that a majority of our own appellate court
' have not voluntarily transferred themselves from the
bench to the lobby. It is hoped, moreover, that leg
islative resentment at such a challenge to decency as
! Speaker Wright has issued will insure the igno
. mioious defeat of the defiant candidate for the Federal
•'Senator ship, on whose behalf so transcendent a deg
i radation was falsely promulgated. As for the Speaker
, himself, his broken pledges will not be seriously un
derscored by one additional falsehood.
THE IMPERIALISTIC DRIFT.
WE have already commented upon remarks by
General Merritt and others disparaging to the
constitution in connection with the acquisition
of the Philippine Islands. The subject is attracting
the notice of reflecting and educated citizens all over
the country, and is by no means exhausted. The
possible addition to our flag of a black star, repre
senting barbarism, paganism, Mohammedanism,
polygamy and all the other degraded characteristics
of the nine millions who form the mongrel Asiatic
population of the Philippines, is exciting not only
apprehension, but positive alarm. The drift in favor
of imperialism and the imitation of Great Britain,
though not to be discerned in any formal utterances
of the President of the United States, has neverthe
less been manifested in official circles. For example,
James Wilson, the Secretary for Agriculture, in his
annual report, speaks of increased trade relations be
tween the United States and its "insular dependen
dencies." This is not the only expression of similar
import to be found in the public documents of 1898.
The sensational press constantly belittles, derides and
misrepresents the constitution, every great expounder
of that instrument, and every American statesman
whose name has been a household word and whose
reputation has been held dear among the American
people. There have been so many evidences of flip
pant disregard of the most sacred principles of our
government that thoughtful and earnest men feel the
necessity of arresting the tendency toward retrograde
revolution.
It has been proved beyond controversy and with
out even the semblance of intelligent contradiction
that the retention of the Philippines, either as a
colony or as an Asiatic addition to our territory,
would be a gross violation of fundamental law, op
posed to the spirit and the objects of our political
institutions, a departure for which there is no pre
cedent, and an act of deliberate treachery toward
mankind. The fact, however, has not been clearly
explained that our claim of ownership of the Phil
ippines, under the recent treaty of Paris, is in itself
a relapse toward the tyrannical and illogical doc
trines of the Middle Age?, which were expelled from
our soil by the Revolutionary War and by our Gov
ernment, and the repudiation of which in relation to
Cuba was the official justification for the late war.
Spain held the Philippines as she retained Cuba, not
withstanding her claim resting upon discovery, un
der the rejected dogma of the divine right of kings.
She had no other title or source of title. This dogma
necessarily denied fhe existence in the inhabitants,
as against the monarchy, of any rights, natural or
conventional. There had been prolonged rebellions
in Cuba and in the Philippines, and the interference
of the United States was put solely on tlie ground of
humanity and to insure to the Cubans an opportun
ity to exercise their conceded right of self-govern
ment.
When the treaty of Paris was framed the situation
hi the Philippines was that Spain claimed the sov
ereignty she had exercised for centuries: that we
had captured Manila and occupied other portions of
the island of Luzon, and that the actual possession
of the archipelago was held by. the nine millions or
thereabouts who composed its population. So much
of the title of Spain by divine right as remained was
transferred to us for twenty millions and in recog
nition of our military and naval supremacy, and we
now claim that this transfer, with or without their
consent, carried it the nine millions who,
whether as subjects or citizens, politically belong to
THE SAS FKAXCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
the United States and must be disciplined, if neces
sary, to consummate the transaction.
It is devoutly to be hoped that we may not have to
shoot the principles of the Declaration of Indepen
dence into the Filipinos. But if they refuse'peacefully
to accept our offer of American liberty, then it would
seem that their acceptance must be enforced at the
cannon's mouth. They must either submit or be
bombarded into submission. Our conception of
freedom regulated by law, of government for the peo
ple and by the people, if necessary, must be rammed
down their throats.
This decision of the expansionists, who deny that
they are imperialists, is a new application of Ameri
can doctrines. Old-fashioned citizens insist that it
involves treason and revolution, and that we are now j
doing what our Revolutionary Fathers shed their !
blood to extirpate, and with professions of sentiment
which are false, but for the actual benefit of specu
lators and gamblers, denying the high-sounding
manifesto that we paraded before the world when our
Embassador left Madrid. Perhaps some of the ex
pansionists who are convinced that the masses have
closed their eyes and fallen into deep sleep can point
out in the constitution, in judicial decisions, in the i
practice of our State Department, or in some ;
r-.cknowledged record, the particular American prin- ;
ciple or precedent under which, through our cap- '
ture of Manila and the twenty-million purchase from j
Spain, the nine millions of Filipinos have been con- j
verted from more or less successful rebels against
Spain into involuntary subjects or citizens of the
United States. Perhaps they can reconcile this
proposition with the entrenchment of freedom in the
constitution that was the chief triumph of the Civil
War. Perhaps they can establish the consistency,
especially in the face of the Congressional response . I
to the unanimous demand of California, of replacing
the African question in the South by an Asiatic
question in the West. But. when they do these
things, they will have succeeded in fastening a
"'bridle in the jaws' of the people, causing them to
err." and they will have followed the injunction: j
"Prophe>y not unto- us. right things. Speak unto us!
smooth things: prophesy deceits." Freedom con- |
ferred on Asiatics by bombardment and military j
force will be a unique revelation of manifest destiny,
and will necessitate some new fabrications from the i
reconstructed Jefferson and the expanded version of j
Cooley on Constitutional Limitations.
fl LOSS TO THE NATION.
BY the death of Nelson Dingley not only Maine
but the whole country suffers a severe loss. He
was one of the statesmen we can ill spare at
this juncture in our affairs, for he was an acknowl
edged master of those economic problems which are
now pressing for solution, and his wise counsel and
leadership would have materially aided Congress in
leaching right conclusions concerning them.
Mr. Dingiey's fame will be chiefly associated with
tariff measures, and particularly with the act which
now protects our industries and regulates our com
merce. It is not likely that any radical change will
be made in the act for many years to come. It is
now about midway in the second year of its existence,
and month after month, despite the disturbance in
trade caused by the war. it has worked out a com
plete vindication of the financial skill and economic
ability of its distinguished author.
So far as tariff measures are concerned, Mr.
Dingley may be said to have completed his task, but
there- remain financial questions to be dealt with in
the settlement of the currency, and the important one
of providing well devised legislation for the up
building of our merchant marine. On these meas
ures the nation expected great service from him and
counted upon his zeal, his patriotism, his energy and
his skill to accomplish the prompt enactment of the
desired legislation. Death has taken him at a time
when his presence in Congress was of vast value to
the republic, and it comes as a loss which will be
felt throughout the Union.
Mr. Dingley was one of those statesmen who rise
to eminence by patient, laborious study and a self
sacrificing devotion to the public. His energies and
his rare business capacity, had he applied them to
the advancement of his private fortune, would have
made him a rich man. He turned aside from the al
lurements of personal gain and worked with an eye
single to the welfare of his country. It is gratifying
to know that the people appreciated his true worth
and freely accorded him the honors to which he was
entitled. He passes now into history as another of
those illustrious sons of Maine of whom all Ameri
cans are proud, and his memory will long be cher
ished by his countrymen.
THE NEVADA SENATORSHjIP.
COLONEL JACK CHINN, who has hitherto
been associated exclusively with Kentucky
politics, is now playing a star part in the Sena
torial melodrama in Nevada. Senator Stewart and
Congressman Newlands have the leading roles in the
play as contestants and rivals for the Senate, but
Colonel Chirm is making most of the uproar and at
tracting most attention.
It is not altogether clear by what title or right the
Colonel is taking part in the contest. It was as
serted at one time that he had been sent out by the
Democratic National Committee to help Stewart,
but that has been denied by the chairman of that com
mittee, and the Colonel himself has declared that
if any impertinent person wishes to know why he is
at Carson and what he is doing there they must apply
to Blackburn, McMillan, Daniels or some other dig
nitary in the far East.
His entrance into Nevada politics has been hailed
with satisfaction by the supporters of Stewart, but
the independent citizens of Nevada are shying bricks
at him. The Silver State, for example, after noting
bis pernicious activity in the Senatorial fight, says:
"We ask in all candor if it has come to such a pass,
after long years of electing non-residents to that
high position, that a further indignity is to be placed
upon us by having non-resident lobbyists? Has it
come to such a pass that we are not considered wise
enough to select our own Senator? Have we degen
erated to such an extent that we need outside ad
vice?"
We are Dot in the confidence of Colonel Chirm. nor
of Senator Stewart, but we regard it as a wager so
safe that one can risk a big bonanza against a little
banana on it that with the presence of the Kentucky
fire-eater in Nevada the Southern Pacific Railroad
has something to do. That corporation is seeking to
dictate the election of Senators all over the Pacific
Coast. Its agents are of many kinds, and their name
is legion.
If; therefore, the people of Nevada desire to find
out who has imposed upon them the indignity of
trying to boss their Senatorial choice by the in
fluence of outside lobbyists they should apply to the
notorious knockery in San Francisco. Mr. Herrin,
doubtless, knows something of Jack Chirm, what he
is doing in Nevada, and why it is desirable that
Stewart should be elected.
In their civil contention against Consul Wildman
the Filipinos may forget some of their other troubles.
TRAVELING LIBRARIES.
Their Origin— Development in New York and Wisconsin.
Object With Possibilities When Adopted in
California.
"It is, after all, not the few great libra
ries, but the thousand small ones that
may do most for the people."
The Bth day of February, 1593, is a
red letter day i:i the annals . ot . the
j library worM. 'On this date the flrst
I traveling library was Bent out by the
Regents of the University of New York,
to begin in f that State a form of popu
lar instruction which has achieved in
stant success. Ric!h in the possession
of nearly 600 libraries in general use,
! varying in size from 1000 to 400,000 vol-
I umes, New ; York is also fortunate in
having some of the ablest librarians in
the Union, and an enlightened public
sentiment respecting the educational
; value of libraries. i^inual legislative
': appropriations of $25,000 enable theUni
! versity Regents not only to aid weak
i local libraries, but, besides, to create a
i large duplicate department in the State
'■ library.. ' From this department the
' traveling libraries were dispatched.
■ They consist of 50 to 100 v.olumes, being,
in fact, miniature libraries, put up in
bookcases, and are sent for terms of
i three or four months on their' work of
education. The use of the books is free,
I 'under simple rules, including a guar-
I aniee f6r the safety of the library, but
; the receivers pay - freight charges both
Ways. . -V-d:. ■•■ — - ■ '■:•■-■-;■
Our space does not allow quoting of
details of the establishment bt the sys
tem, but it may be observed that strug
gling libraries have been- encouraged,
many new ones started, schools bene
fited beyond me&suve, gi tings
made more efl tension < i
quickened to stronger 'life, and- resi
dence at summer hotels made more en
joyable by the visits of these libraries.
During the last year particular atten
tion has been paid to the needs of study
clubs, and it is now possible for a club
in any part of New York to obtain from
the Kegents entire libraries upon spe
cial subjects under study by the club.
Among these are economics, agricul
ture, literature, history and other de
partments. Every possible attention is
paid to all genuine wants, and the 657
traveling libraries now in success
ful use indicate the esteem in which
they are universally held. These are
some of the results of six years of
thoughtful, energetic action in the Em
pire State, under the direction of Melvil
Dewey.
Turning to Wisconsin, we see a field
\ in which some of the finest library ex
tension work has been accomplished
under totally different conditions from
! those just noted. Comparatively
! State, with extensive areas of forest
i and of land deforested in certain sec
| tions, sparsely populated in whole re
gions with settlers from- Germany, Swe
den and Poland, and, with slight gener
al knowledge of library benefits, it was
( Impossible to launch the traveling
; library system with State aid in 1896.
Fortunately, Senator J. H. Stout, rec
i ognizlng the urgent need, generously
j placed funds at the disposal of the new
I library commission for the starting of
; twenty-five libraries in the county of
'■ Dunn. This number he has increased
■to thirty-seven. Emulating this liberal
! example, a banker, Mr. . J. D. Witter,
i provided the means for twenty-five li
| braries for Wood County. The work
• was to be confined to these two coun
i ties (each of the area of Alameda Coun
! ty), to be under close local supervision,
I and designed for farming communities,
> but free to all. The books chosen were
1 popular ones of interesting travel and
j biography, the best of modern and
' standard fiction, while science, history
and children's books were not over
looked. Additions to the books sent were
soon made of old magazines, picture
! papers and children's periodicals, all of
which were to be retained in the neigh
borhood. Local associations were re
| quired to be formed, but no expenses
beyond freight charges were to be met.
In Dunn County, of the thirty-four
stations established for the care of the
| libraries, twenty-two were in farm
j houses, nine in postoffice.s, two in stores
i and one in a railroad depot, thus bring
ing the supplies of books into closest
touch to the people.
The benefits conferred by these librar
ies can hardly be computed; in Dunn
i County they reach in their range prac
tically all of the 16,000 population living'
beyond the limits of the city of Meno
nionie. Joyous recreation, instruction,
sympathy with the world, an uplift
! from grinding toil, sweetness and light
I entering darkened lives, and a quicken
ing of mental power have been its fruits
to adults: while to thousands of chil
dren it has been a veritable entrance
j into a new world of picture and story,
' and the beginning of higher ideals of
life.
Awakened public sentiment secured
annual appropriations from the Legis
lature of $4000, providing for the main
tenance of two efficient field secretar
ies. Still another result, though not
unexpected, is seen in the founding of
eighteen local libraries within the past
year. Other private donors, clubs and
federations have taken up this pioneer
work in various portions of the State,
and to-day there are over 160 traveling
libraries circulating in as many as a
score of counties.
Of the traveling library work in other
States it may be mentioned that Mich
igan, lowa and Ohi>> have successively
adopted it by stated appropriations, and
in twenty additional States reports are
given that individuals, clubs and espe
cially federations are constantly in
creasing the number and range of these
libraries.
Particularly does the cause of educa
tion appeal to women's clubs, and the
I organized power of the best women .if
] the land is now effectively exerted f< r
! the spread of good literature among The
j masses of the people. So rapid has
the growth of this movement thai It
I is estimated that in these twenty-five
' States there are now over 2000 traveling
\ libraries in circulation with al
000 volumes.
No more hopeful sign in our con
schools can be seen to-day than the
wide-spread conviction among our edu
i cators that largest possible atl
j should be paid to the reading of
books in the early years of Bchoo] life.
It is beginning to be- realized tha;
to the cultivation of the power
'■ serration In youngest children, is the
■ importance of thorough teaching of the
1 language through whose words th<
I to think and to express their thoughts
i through life. Less crowding of the.cur
■ rieulum and more intimate acquaint
i ance with English literature is the com
| ing slogan.
The importance of traveling libraries
to the intellectual well-being of Cali
fornia has long been discussed and ran
with difficulty be over estimated. This
: State Is, regretful as is the fact, but
, scantily supplied with free public
libraries, there being less than fifty
: within its limits. For instance, in the
| San Joaquin Valley, south of Stockton,
: the two little libraries of Fresno and
Tulare are the only free libraries in that
i large territory with fully ion.ooo people.
Tn the dozen northern counties of the
•State the two libraries at th<3 wirlely
; separated points of Marysville and
Eureka are th:- only known ones for a
population of 125,000. Looking along
the coast between San Francisco and
; the city of Santa Barbara, in the enor-
I mous extent of 350 miles through some
of our most fertile valleys, there Is
but one up-to-date, influential free
librarj to be found— the one of 15,000
volumes at Santa Cruz. This deficl
Is not wholly owing to a lack of public
spirit, but in part to want of knowl
edge of the existence of a law provid
ing for the support of libraries by tax
ation, still there is wide-spread Indif
ference upon the subject; even frozen
la, where George Kennan discov
ered well equipped public libraries, can
Ki\-f points to many a California town
■which prides itself on its standing and
attractions.
The beneficial results attending the
introduction of traveling libraries in the
East will be realized here, providing al
:hat sound judgment in the selec
tion of book.- and business sense in
management are exercised. Mir
how- not performed by these
lat ing libraries, and it cannot be
expected that the adult of 40 years,
who, from choice or necessity, has not
acquired the reading habit, can genu
inely appreciate books. To all others,
the children, the young people especial
ly, and the older readers, the traveling
library has a mission of supreme value
in bringing: the best that has been
thought and said in the past and pres
ent before their minds. Emphatically
is it the boon of the age to the distant,
neglected dweller in the country's soli
tude.
Specifically, the use of traveling
libraries In California would insure the
starting of a largo number of free
libraries in our incorporated cities and
towns, which alone have the ii">\
tax for their" creation and maintenance.
In scores of other towns which an- not
: u^ated, particularly in the mining
counties, where there are very few
places with corporate powers, these vis
its would secure the establishment of
reading rooms, and, gradually, of local
libraries. Numerous are the wrecks of
little subscription libraries all over the
State which have failed solely for want
of regular supplies of such fresh, at
tractive !">'>ks as traveling libraries
would provide.
No greater want for our young peo
ple in the country exists at present than
a chance to continue the education be
gun in the common schools. Obtaining
the rudiments of knowledge, they now
needs the acquisition of power. Over
95 per cent of the scholars in the State
have no instruction beyond the gram
mar school, and of these a large per
centage do not graduate. Leaving
school, the country boy, when work
fails, has nowhere to go, has nothing to
interest him, and, sadly too often, be
comes a loafer. A few thousand dol
lars per annum invested in traveling
libraries will save untold numbers of
our youth from idle, dissolute living.
Says President Eliot (in referring to
university endowments), "Whoever
wishes tv do some perpetual good
in this world, whoever hopes to
win that finest luxury, must exert his
iniluence upon the young, the healthy,
and the promising."^
Some striking testimony of the worth
of libraries was given nt a recent gath
ering of librarians in Sacramento, when
a prominent visitor stated that at the
age of 12 he was obliged to become a
breadwinner, and as^ibed much of his
success in life to the aid afforded by
the public library.
It is plainly evident that California
cannot now undertake a State system
of traveling libraries. That will fol
low in due time. Private liberality
must be relied on for moans with which'
t" prosecute this great work of home
education in our midst. These means
will not be wanting, as paat experience
in other phases of educational work
among us abundantly proves. It is one
of the interesting features in this move
ment that, ones understood in its scope
and its bearing upon the welfare of the
country people, who Before have been
neglected in all other library develop
ments, helping hands have been held
out to aid them. The work in our State
can be begun in many directions. With
the Los Angeles public- library aa ;i
base, the donation of $1000 will equip
twenty traveling libraries as the first
Installment for that region. In Stock
ton, the strong Woman's Club can find
a field of exceeding usefulness by sup
plying destitute towns in that vicinity.
In El Dorado County the work of send
ing out a few libraries into adjoining
hamlets has already been started by
one of its honored, men. The new Fed
eration of Woman's Clubs In thr San
Joaquin Valley can, In their own neigh
borhood, make common cause with
their Eastern sisters, who are pressing
this missionary labor so effectively in a
score of States.
Perhaps no finer philanthropy could
now be devised for the State at large
than for some interested person to do
nate $500f> or $6000 to the State Univer
sity for the purpose of beginning in a
systematic manner the supply of trav
eling libraries to destitute localities.
Those willing servants, the Regents,
would doubtless accept the trust and
experienced librarians would attend to
its performance.
The Library Association of California,
of which Mr. F. J. Teggert, librarian of
the Mechanics' Institute in this city, is
secretary, is earnestly Interested in pro
moting the cause, and cheerfully
furnish needed information.
President Jordan, in one of his ad
dresses, pithily says that "The unedu
cated man looks out upon life through
narrow ■windows." Gladl" does the
State of California annually spend
$7,000,000 on schools and university,
that her boys and girls, hor young men
and maidens, may view life through
broad windows.' The traveling library
comes to increase the horizon by wider
outlook upon the beautiful worlds of
nature, art, poetry and song, by con
tact with men in history, science and
literature, by never-ending progress in
"preparation for complete living."
GOLDEN GATE.
Elected and Installed.
The California Society of the Sons of
tho American Revolution has elected the
following named to serve for the ensuing
t<-rm: Hon. Horace Davis, president: Wil
liam M. Bunker,, senior vico president;
w. H. Jordan, junior vice president; Ed
win Bonnell, secretary; Colonel A. R.
Hubbard, registrar: Charles EL Warner,
:rer: Sheldon I. Kellogg, marshal;
T. '1. Perkins. R. Vahdercook, M. L. Re
iiua, Warren Oney, A. G. Towne and By
ron M.iuzy, board of managers. The mem
■ i)i of the society is now 905,
■The following named have be< installed
as the officers of American Council of the
Order of Chosen Friends for the current
term; a. M. Pfaendler, councilor; Mrs.
.M. ,K..Ellioti, vice councilor; Mrs. F. M.
Murals, .instructor; J. M. Morais. secre
retary.- J.- C. Bern-stein i assistant secre
tary; Mrs. L. M. Pfaendler. treasurer;
Thomas Jones, prelate; Mrs. B. Simon,
marshal;. Mrs. Anna Hanisch, warden;
Mrs. C. Beer, organist; Mrs. F. M. Mo
raia and Senator E. i. Wolfe, representa
tives to the Grand Council; Mrs. M. E.
Elliott and Mrs. •L. M. Pfaendler. alter
nates. j. WarsluiwskJ becomes past cpun
eilor. Past Councilor J. C. Bernstein was
the Installli | officer. „■: ;
a Alcalde Parlor, Native Sons of the Gold
en \\>si . had the tollowing "named officers
for the current term installed by G. Rey
nolds, D. D. G. P.: L. J. Hurley, P. P ■
J. F, Hetty. P.; L. E. Derre, first vice
president; J. "W. Desmond, second vice
president: L. J. Watrnn. ' third vice presi
dent; T. F. Moran, M.;H. F. Morton, R
S.; R. 11. Hession,. F. ,S.: A. RahwyL.r, T •
H. Alari, I. S.;E. Ivorten, O. S.; r! h'.
Andrews. trustee; Drs. Bond and Galwey
surgegnn. . ' - ,
, The following named have been Installed
as iiffior of the \ustrian Military and
Benevolent Association: M. Perich. presi
dent; A. N. Batchia," vice, president; P.
Saulovlch. recording secretary; ■ George
Mostahinlch, financial secretary; P. Sven
1 ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WAREXTRA
BATTERIES ROAR
I IN FURNITURE WAR.
The rumbling thunder of Pattosien's
| artillery duel with the high-price-com-
i bine stores still rolls upon the ear and"
j echoes among tht hills from San Diego
to Eureka, from Nevada City to the
Golden Gate. Low prices resound
; ywhere.
But don't you tlvnk that Pattosien's
| are selling their gi ods at least 20 i>- r
| cent too low? The..- could easily get
that much more tha i they ask and be
all that money in. I vmild advise them
to do it. That, no doubt, is good ad-
vice gratis, but w'r ien's need
advice about running the great two-
acre store in the Mission, they'll
j a professional adviser and pay him for
! a lump of it.
Their low prices are the bone of con-
i tention. That's exactly what the ftght
is about. They have bee,n selling
ig to the high-pripe cqm-
blne's Idea, '-' pei I 'W all
all \\k. and if they would join the pro-
n and raise their prices the war
would be over to-n BUT Jt>lN
THE COMBINE? NEVER!
Where Is all b4 ? Xt is
; never going to end. It wj'l. p; straight
on with a stream of appreciative
i tomers, "increasing ■ after
i- day, week after week and year after
year.
Yes. a delighted public appreciate
such bargains as Pattosien's offer. You
can draw your own conclusions when
\ thirty-two double wagoiuloads hf fur-
j niture and carpets were delivered last
week. Just think of it— thirty-two
wagon-loads delivered from the great
two-acre Mission store in one wook.
And what does the last war extra of
Pattosien's Bar-rain Bulletin say".' It
! says:
Brussels Carpet, sewed and laid,
! including lining, 50 cents.
Ingrain Carpets, 25 cents and 30
; cents.
All-Wool Ingrain Carpets, highest
j grades manufactured, worth 90
cents, selling for 70 cents.
And a thousand other bargains on
every floor.
Seven-piece Oak-finished Bedroom
Sets cut down from $24 to $14 50.
Highly Polished Oak Sideboards,
: worth regular $25, $35, $40 and $50,
cut down one-third.
Metal Beds, with brass trimmings,
is 2 50; others at $4, $5, $6, SIO,
,812 and $15; worth one-half more.
REMEMBER, RECOLLECT-
A'l roads frohi East, "W§st,
North and South iead zo
PATTOSiEN'S
GREAT 2-ACRE STORE,
Sixteenth and Mission Sts.
You can not miss it. it is the magnetic
center of house-furnishings.
tinich, treasurer; George Pustich, con
ductor; F. Martincich, sergeant-'at-arms;
M. Sabadin. captain; P. Danyovich, first
lieutenant; N. Borina, second lieutenant;
J. Turato, V. ZuspaT, Charles Micich, A.
Popovieh and B. M. Burin, trustees; ,and
V. Zupar. janitor. Z. Carich was the in
stalling officer and was assisted by George
Dabelich as master of ceremonies. The
Austrian military band furnished the mv-
I sic incidental to the installation. The as
sociation now numbers about 200 and the
reports show an increase of • $1380 during
j the past year. After the ceremonies there
i was a fine banquet.
District Deputy Grand President Hall of
Menlo Parlor last Thursday installed. the
officers of Alcatraz Parlor, being assist
ed by Leonard Stone of Pacific Parlor.
The new officers are: Henry Lichtenstein,
I J. P. P.; T. J. Barry. P.; Max Lichten
stein, first vice president; Arthur Lich
tenstein, second vice president; B. P.
Lapachet. third vice president; Charles
H. Kendrick. M.; F. W. Sink. R. S.;"H.
T. Ansbro, S.; G: Moulin, T.; S. B.
i Priest, I. S.; Edward Regensberger.'O. r S. ;
W. B. Deane and Joseph Mcßride, trus
! tees. At a banquet which followed- C. F.
| Fitzslmmons, the, retiring, past president,
I and William Horabin, the retiring' flnan
i cial secretary, were . each 'presented; a
handsome gold badge in token of the high,
esteem in which they are held by their
fellow-members.-
The following-named officers of Magno
lia Lodge of the Independent -Order- of
Odd Fellows were installed- by E. G. Har
riaon, D. D. G. M.: John Deas. N. G.; C.
J. Rehn, V..G.; Samuel Po\ack, S.; Her
man Stern, F. S., and A. Q. Forsbergy T.
Deputy District Grand President -F.
I Barnet of Piedmont Parlor installed "the
i following named officers of Sequoia Par
lor, N. S. G. \Y.: John S. "Ward, P. P. ;
H. P. Sengstacken, president; "William L.
i Goodwin, first vice president; Henry Sche
j fer. second vice president; Joseph Law
i less, third vice president; Richard D. Bar
i ton, recording secretary;' Charles E. Tor
! res, financial secretary. Dr. Frank Cranz,
marshal; F. Oldenberg and M. O'Brien,
! trustees; W. L:Vlce, outside sentinel; and
A. Gudehaus, inside sentinel. -After- the
installation and. the other, business of the
: evening was disposed of there were' in
j teresting addresses by the installing offl
! cer and members of the parlor. :
The following officers have been in
stalled for Court Magnolia of the Fores
ters of America: C. M. Harris, C. R. ; A.
L. Friedman, S. C. R.; J. Anderson,
treasurer; F. W. Clarke, financial secre-
I tary; M. Bloom, recording secretary; J.
I Anthony. S. \V.; M. Glass, J. V.'.; A. C.
I Karskl, S. B.; S. Hartman, J. B.; F. S.
Gun, trustee; A. Nusbaum, M.D.v physi
cian; E. Happersberger, drupgist; G.
Pinto, organist. . ■;.-■ ff t
i The- following named have been installed
i as officers of San Francisco Lodge No. 3,
<I. O. O. F., for the current term: r H. B.
Wid.emeyer, J. P. G.;' Alexander Jacobi
N. G.; J. F. Regan, V. G.; W. D. Witcox
R. S.: F. W. Warren, F. S.; E. Bd%ards,
T.; F. Lafaix, W.; Samuel R. Jacobs C ■
George Walcom, R. S. N. G.; J. H^Bruce'
L. S. N. G.; C. riattner.: R. s. V, G • \'
Corry, L. S. V. G.; F. W. Randolph, R.
S. S.; F. M. Heyeman. L: S. S ; F A
Jennings, chaplain. The retii past
grand, F.. A. Jennii [ was pMsehted a
I •handsome- -je-wel as an sacknowltf'tfgment
i •of his services whiler, in office, the pre
sentation speech being made by S. R. Ja
cobs. '.*.. .' * ■ '. .\...
-•- '
Treat your friends to Townsemi'4 Cali
fornia glace fruits; 50c lb, in fire etched
boxes or Jap baskets. 627 Market st. •
» ♦ .
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Not a Cheerful Topic.
The Gander— Did v :■ the lay
ing, "Sauce for the goose is sauce for the
gander"?
The Goose— Ugh! My dear, it makes me
nervous to hear you discussing such ex
tremely unpleasant Subjects.— Pock.
California Limited.
Connecting;. train leaving, at 3 p. in. on Sun
days, .Tuesdays and Fridays allows half a, clay
in. Los -.Angeles. Soljd. vestibuled,« electric
lighted, dining car and observation car train.
Los r Antreles to Chicago via the Santa " Fa
Route. Finest service ever civen across tha
continent. Full particulars at 62S Market *t-SIERRA CLUB
TO THE RESCUE
OF THE FORESTS
Miners' Association to
Co-operate.
SAVING TIMBER FROM FIRE
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ASKED
TO LEND ITS AID.
"Urgent Need for Berkeley and Palo
Alto Universities to Establish
a Course of Instruction
on Forestry.
An important conference of representa
tive from the Miners' Association and
Sierra Club will be hold next Satur
day at the Chamber of Commerce. Its
purport will be tlu devising of ways and
means fur the preservation of the for
• of California.
A committee consisting of J. ». Le
Conte and Elliott McAllister of the
Sierra Club has been making an ex
haustive Inquiry Into the subject, and in
v report which they have submitted de
clare that something should be done to
protect California's forests from the de
structive fires that run through them
during the summer months.
The report in substance is as folllows:
"A necessity seems to exist for the two
universities of Stanford and BerKeley
to establish a course of systematic In
.. struction on the subject of forestry, a
Bsity as nal as that which has de
■•. .nianded instruction Tn many of the divi
sions of the mining or agr. ultural de
' i>artm<-nts of these institute
: "Action has been taken by the Miners'
Association in regard to the best
method of preserving the watersheds of
pur rivers, and by the Hoard of Trade for
forest prote< tion. Th>-rc is a desire to
•.take up the subject common to the agri
• cultural, mining and in fact all the pro
■ ductive interests of the State, and the two
great resources, the water sources and
thi' forests, should be properly cared for.
"Vast tracts of land along the sum
mits of our mountains in California have
withdrawn from location, and it is
only rieht that we should ask the Federal
rnment to take the necessary steps
heir further protection from lire and
ir preservation for the future.
"And, again, th>- necessity of a prop- r re
tization makes itself manifest as
irs )co by, and as vast tracts are
by the lumber men to supply tTic
: market and by the railroads for their lo
tives. When the lirst and best tim
- taken from the mountain sides the
natural reforestization which follows ts of
grade of timbi r. and in the high- ;
Ititudes of the Sierras and Southern;
California no reforestization takes place
at all.
••The time, therefore, is fast approach
ing when the United States Government
and private corporations will be asking
leal advice on the subject of for
ests, their protection and the reproduction
■ quality of timber. A properly
ted forester should be able to find
idy demand foi his services at the
: 'Hands <if the Government or of Individ-
The time is not far distant when
imber men themselves will ask for
the practical man who is also a technical
ster. At present In this State there
are ■ to whom any public or
may turn for information and
n this subject. We believe it .
Is tl "iir universities to offer
Instruction to their students. Such;
ires would be eagerly sought, not
by the few who might desire to
■ train themselves as foresters, i>ut also
...by many who desire th»- knowledge as
a matter of general culture.
"Until re< ently, If any person wantPd an
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
• A Pleasant, Simple, but Safe and
• . - Effectual Cure for It.
■-:..*'■ Catarrh of the stomach has long been
.considered the next thing to incurable.
.The usual symptoms are a full or bloat-
• in;; sensation after eating, accompanied
sometimes with sour or watery risings,
.;k formation of gases, causing pressure
. ••■ on the heart and lungs and difficult
•■• breathing; headaches, fickle appetite,
■ uervousnesa ar.tX a. Ee'ieral played out,
languid feeling.
There is often a foul ttMe in the
■ mouth, coated tongue and if the interior
'•'. .of the stomach could be seen it would
-.: show a slimy, inflamed condition.
• The cure for this common and ob-
stinate trouble is found in a treatment
which causes the food to be readily,
thoroughly digested before it has time
• to ferment and irritate the delicate mv-
• oous surfaces of the stomach. To secure
a prompt and healthy digestion is the
one ssary thing to do and when
normal digestion is secured the ca-
tarrhul condition will have disappeared.
f ording to Dr. llarlanson the safest
and best treatment is to use after each
meal a tablet, composed of Diastase,
■ Aseptic "Pepsin, a little Nux. Golden
• Seal and fruit acids. These tablets can
now be found at all drug stores under
the name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
• and not being a patent medicine can be
.used with perfect safety and assurance
'. that healthy appetite and thorough dl-
" •geßtion will follow their regular use
.after meals.
Mr. U. J. Booher of 2710 Dearborn
street, Chicago, 111., writes: "Catarrh
■is a local condition resulting from a
'■'neglected cold in the head, whereby the
• lining membrane of the nose becomes
"' lntlamed and the poisonous discharge
'"• therefrom passing backward into the
" .throat reaches the stomach, thus pro-
.'•■■ ducing catarrh of the stomach. Medical
•authorities prescribed for me for three
•years for catarrh of stomach without
•" : cure, but to-day I am the happiest of
' jnen after using only one box of
• : Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. 1 cannot
".find appropriate words to express my
.good feeling. I have found flesh, ap-
petite and pound rest from their use.
, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
' '.safest preparation as well as the slm-
. plest and most convenient remedy for
• •any form of indigestion, catarrh of
■ ' stomach, biliousness, sour stomach,
- heartburn and bloating after meals.
••; Send for little book, mailed free on
stomach troubles, by addressing F. A.
■ .'Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich. The tablets
. -.can be found at all drug stores.
: Leading
i Opticians,
14-16 Kearny Street.
•■': • • Use f^&L se
•.• Woodbury's y* % Woodbury's
: Facial Soap, Facial Cream.
Wrinkles, blotches, pimples, blackheads,
■•rough, red or oily skin sjifeillly removed and
• cured and the skin rendered soft, smooth and
whit" Send 10 cents fur Heauty Book, and re-
■ eelve samples of each. JOHN ZL WOODBURY.
".' 26 W. 23 Bt., New York, and 163 fetate St., Chl-
C*£u
education in forestry, he was compelled j
to go to Europe. Cornell University ;.nd j
the State of New York have come to tne ;
front and have prepared themselves to
] meet this growing demand for trained
foresters. A large appropriation was made
!by the Legislature, a-nd 30,000 acres of
i land from their Adirondack reservation
was set apart for the use of the uniyer
i sity. We believe that our universities
; should be most ready to take their place
1 ns educators, not only of their students,
on this vital subject, but also of the pub
lic at large, we therefore recommend
| that the Sierra Club should use all proper
I efforts toward the establishment of
courses of instruction on forestry at
I Berkeley and Palo Alto."
WEATHER PROBABILITIES.
Professor Hanrmon Says Conditions
Are Favorable for More Rain.
Professor Ilammon of the weather bu- j
reau late last night said: "The rain
Which has deserted us during the last •
twelve hours will return, and the State
north of the Tehachapl will receive more
of the welcome precipitation. The local
conditions are as they generally are be
fore the coming of rain, and the pres
sure has been falling rapidly all along
the coast north of this city. The wind i
is blowing at the rate of fifty miles an !
houi at the mouth of the Columbia Rfver
and the storm will be with us once more.
The conditions have materially changed
from what they were this afternoon and
ram is assured us for Sunday, according
to mj observations.
"The last rainfall was about half an \
if,' 1: on the average for Northern Call
lornla. There was a trac of rain at San
Luis Obispo and a third of the way up
the San Joaquln Valley. About half an
inch fell in the Sacramento Valley. While :
we cannot deny the benefits that will ac- i
crue from this last precipitation, it id cer
tain that no part of the State has been!
sufficiently moistened and as much again :
will have 't.. fall before it matures a crop. !
The upper San Joaquln wants more |
water, and that quickly and decidedly, in j
amounts necessary to grow a crop.
At Eureka yesterday afternoon tlje
wind was northwest and it was cloudy, I
but no rain was falling. The snow now ;
!»iored in the mountains is a guarantee
01 plenty of water for mining purposes,
and many mires which have been closed
down for mcitths have now resumed cpe
nui-rrs.
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE
IS FREE FROM DEBT
A WELCOME REPORT MADE BY
THE TREASURER.
• The Institution Has Profited by the
Bequests of Charitable People.
Officers Elected.
At the annual meeting of the directors
of the Maria Kip Orphanage, held in the
Diocesan Home on California street, the
report of the treasurer conveyed the wel
i come news that the debt of $17,140 which
was on the home a year ago had been en
tirely paid off. Jn her report the secre
tary, Mrs. T. P. Woodward, says:
When, less than a decade ago, this work,
which Is now the Ivime of X!- children, opened
its doors with thirteen girls, a generous gift
of $2000 from the late George- W. Gibbs wat us
only capital.
To be in the possession of a beautiful home,
surpassed by none of itß kind In the City,
which represents a piiW up capital of $60,000,
la truly enough happiness :or one year. How
this was all accomplished I will now relate.
To our kind friend ami advisor, J. C. John
: Wbose sudden death the early part of the.
year we have most sincerely mourned, we are
indt-bted for a legacy of $3000. Through Ihe
settlement of the Kalr estate our share of a I
generous gift to the orphan asylums of San
Francisco amounted to $7707, and by a lik>
bequest from the late James Quentln ?155'J
more has been added to our treasury.
It may be remembered that at the Inception
of the Valley Railroad, the Hihernla Hank,
alive to the good it would do the State at
large, subscribed for r.CK) shares ol Its stock.
I'nder the rules of the bank, that corporation
wtis unable to retain the stock, so It was
generously divided between several of the
charities of this city, and through the kind
ness of Thomas Brown tn<- Maria Kip Or
phanage was brought to the notice of the di
-. and we received »•• • nr portion seventy
flve shares of stock, which last month was sold
for the hnniiHMm*' sum ot 17500, enabling us to
make the last payment on our debt— thus leav
ing our home free from all incumbrance.
The report closed with an earnest appeal
to the friends of the orphanage to assist
the managers In their endeavor to es
tablish an endowment fund, which in the
, future might be the means of making the
institution self-supporting. The following
I officers were elected: Trustees— Right
; Rev. \V. F. Nichols, president; T. P.
Woodward, vice president; E. ML Rixford,
; secretary; W. H. Crocker, treasurer; El
: Hot McAllister. Board of managers— Miss
! Gwin. president: Mrs. W. S. Wood, vice
I president; Mrs. T. P. Woodward, secre
tary; Miss Mary C. Heath, corresponding
I secretary; Mrs. Sidney Worth, treasurer;
Mrs. R. B. Sanches. Mrs. George H.
Buckingham, Mrs. P. I. Asbury, Mrs. Ed
i ward Field, Miss Eva Maynard. Mrs. G.
C. Woodward. In charge of orphan)
! Sister Anna. Physician— Sidney Worth,
M. D.
WANTED TO SURPRISE MOTHER
Mrs. Sckrader Has Lost Confidence in
Good Young Men Who Want
Hats.
Mrs. A. Sehrader, the proprietress of a
millinery store at 1913 Howard street, was
cheated out of two brand new bats last
night by two young men who entered her
store on the pretense of purchasing a
hat, "just to surprise mother," as one
of them put it. The obliging milliner
showed the "good" young man one of the
latest creation in feminine headgear. True
to the instincts of a well-raised son, he
examined the tower of nodding plumes
and daintily shaded trimmings, pronounc
ing it just such an article as would com
pletely surprise and gratify mother. The
companion of the •■good" young man,
however, suggested that he thought
mother would prefer a black hat to the
brown one selected, as it would be
more becoming to her complexion. This
suggestion was accepted by the "good"
young man who was so anxious to sur
prise mother. By the way of a compro
mise it was suggested thut two hats, a
black and a brown one, be taken to the
homo of mother at 1715 Howard street.
The obliging milliner, falling an easy vic
tim, handed out the two hats. Tha
"good" young man, who gave the name of
"Williams, said he would return Immedi
ately and pay the milliner's own price
for the one selected by mother.
From the story told to Captain Gillen
at tli^ Seventeenth-street station by Mrs.
Schiader at 10 o'clock last night it is
quite evident that mother had not made
a selection between the black and brown
bajts, for the "good" young man had not
returned with either the hats or the
equivalent.
Inquiry at 1715 Howard str^pt revealed
the cold fact to Mrs. Schrader that
neither mother nor the "good" young man
resided there. Consequently she loses two
of her beat hats, and must suffer the cha
grin of having been duped by two dapper
young thieves.
■ ♦ ■
China and Its Government.
One of the most interesting lectures in
the regular Mechanics' Institute course
was delivered In the upper room of the
library last night by Professor John Fry
er, LL..D., on "The Government and
Laws of China." Professor Fryer has
spent the greater portion of the last thir
ty-five years in China and for the past
thirty years has been engaged in the
translation of scientific works for the
Government. In return fur his services
he has had conferred upon him one of
the civil noble degrees of China and is
entitled to wear a certain peculiar but
ton on his hat and a blazonry across his
breast. His lecture last night was brief,
complete and comprehensive. He covered
In a simple way all the different branches
of the complicated Chinese system of
government in such a manner that a child
could understand him as thoroughly a-s
the best educated man in the audience.
In his conclusion he said that China must
become fully civilized gradually. It has
much that Is good and much that is bad
in its laws, but an attempt to completely
overthrow the old system and Inject a
new In a day, as wns made by the Em
peror recently, must end in failure. China
will some day be on an equal footing with
the rest of the world, but the process
must be a slow one.
Kearney Died at Home.
Bfrs. Bernard Kearney, the widow of
the man who was hit on the head with a
bottle on New Year's evening and who
died on last Sunday from the effects of
the blow, desires it to be known that
her husband was not at any time an In
mate of the County Hospital. On the con
trary, he was taken to his home, at 1
Esspx place, and there nursed and cared
for by his wife until he died.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAKUARY 15, 1899.
JAPANESE STEAMER NIPPON MARU.
SHE arrived here from Yokohama via Honolulu yesterday and is one of
a line of vessels heavily subsidized by the Japanese Government to
run between San Francisco ;>nd the Orient. She was built in Eng
land, and has a list of English and a list of Japanese officers aboard.
The Nippon Mam and her sister ships are to run in conjunction with the
vessels of the Pacific Mail and O. and O. companies.
HEW JAPANESE
STEAMER NIPPON
MARU IN PORT
Will Alternate With
the Mail Boats.
"TERM OF HIS NATURAL LIFE"
SENTENCE GIVEN AN AMERI
CAN CAPTAIN IN CHINA.
■
British Ship Troop Set on Fire in
Yokohama Harbor — Narrow
Escape of the Coquille
River.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha (Oriental Steam
ship Company's) line new steamer Nippon
Maru arrived in port yesterday morning
on her initial voyage. A description of
the vessel ami her slater ships, the Ajner-
Ica Maru and Hongkong Saru, was pub
lished exclusively in The Cull three
months ago. The Toyo Kisen Kalsha, t It ■
Pacific Mail and the O. and O companies
have joined Issues In the trade with
Japan and China, and in future each con
cern will run three steamers on a com
bined schedule.
The Nippon Maru is not a very hand
some boat, but her officers say she is fast
and very comfortable. As told exclusively
j in The Call last month, sho has two sets
'of ofticrrs. Captain F. R. Evans is in su
j preme command, but under him are three
; European and three Japanese officers,
while a similar state of affairs exists in
the engine room. Captain Evans holds
a Japanese as well as an English certifi
cate, but the engineers and other white
officers do not. When the Nippon Maru
went into commission in England • her
crew was shipped for a year. Now the
Japanese law provides that a vessel th
ing the Japanese flag must be officered
by men having a Japanese certificate. The.
Englishmen would not pass the Japanese
examination, the company could not dis
charge them and so in order to comply
with the law officers with Japanese li
censes had to be added to the crew. And
| that Is how the Nippon Maru carries two
; sets of officers on deck and two In the en
gine room.
• The Nippon Maru brought up 60 cabin
and 11 second-class passengers, besides
19 Japs and 17 Chinese in the steerage.
After leaving Yokohama a northeast
storm was run into that tested the
sea-going qualities of the vessel to the
j utmost. For thirty-six hours it blew a
hurricane and the ship was hove to. .The
cargo shifted, and when the gale was over
the crew was called in to trim ship. The
men refused, because it was Sunday, and
they were not railed upon to work that
day Finally the officers persuaded them
to trim the "cargo on a promise of extra
pay. It took the Nippon Maru 17 days
1 and 6 hours to make the run from Yoko
hama to Honolulu. For fourteen days
Purser W. Magee was down with a fever,
but is now on the road to recovery.
Among the 'passengers by the Nippon
Maru wprf Messrs. Lorsauo, Luna and
Marte, agents of Aguinaldo, who are on
their way to Washington. They took
passage on the steamer at Yokohama, and
arc in a hurry. A Secret Service Agent
of the Treasury took considerable interr
ntß In their arrival yesterday.
The Nippon Maru brings the news of
the firing of the British Bhip Troop m
Yokohama harbor. The vessel arrived
from New York farly in December and
on the night of the 14th she was found
to be on flre. As her cargo consisted of
coal oil there was a wild scramble among
the shipping to get out of the way. Sev
eral of the English ships sent assistance,
and crews from the men-of-war in -port
rendered valuable aid. After the lire had
been put out an examination showed that
some of the cans of oil had been opened
with a knife and a lot of sails in the laza
rette saturated with oO and fired. Emil
Gorig, who had been shipped in New York
as an able seaman but had been pro
moted to boatswain during the- passage,
was suspected. He was seen going doWn
the ventilator into the hold, and tin blade
of his Jaekknife just fitted the holes in
[ the oil cans. He was arrested, and on a
preliminary trial held to appear before a
fuli consular court.
Captain Richard Toulmin has been
sentenced to imprisonment "for the term
of his natural life" by a United States
Consular Court sitting at Shanghai. Toul
min is an American citizen and was in
command of the American river steamer
Dosing. On July 7 last the vessel was
chartered to carry 200 Chinese soldiers
from YVuchon to Tung Yuen, where a
rebellion was in progress. rheng Lei
San, a Chinese comprador, was really in
charge of the vessel and he and Captain
Toulmin liacl two or three quarrels over
the handling of the ship. Finally the
skipper tried to take a steamer chair away
from the comprador, and when the lat
ter resisted Toulmin shot him dead. John
Qoodnon, United States Consul General,
and H. R. Williams, United States Consul.
conducted the trial. Toulmin was to be
sent to Hongkong on the United States
gunboat Concord and from there to San
Francisco to serve out his sentence.
The steamer Coqullle River came near
to being a* total loss on the Tillamook bar
a f«w days ago. During a lull in the
storm Captain Hansen thought he could
get to sea. but nearly lost his vessel in
stead. The channel at Tillamook takes a
zlz-zag course, and at the first turn the
Coquille River went ashore. After a lot
of backing she was at last got off and
headed again for the open sea. When
the captain thought he had cleared the
north spit he put the vessel on her course
for San Francisco. He had mistaken his
position, however, and in consequence
piled the steamer up on the south spit.
The crew went to work and jettisoned
50,000 feet of the lumber cargo and the
vessel floated. Captain Hansen would not
take any more chances, but got back into
Tillamook Hay as quickly as possible,
and there the Coquille River is bow.
The strainer Greenwood, which left here
on the iL'th Inst., lost a blade off her pro
peller while making Greenwood yester
day ami was compelled to return to tnis
pdrl for repairs.
Second Bngineer William Home of the
wrecked steamer Jewel died from his in
hnies at Caspar yesterday. He was in
jured by a falling timber while escaping
from the wreck.
Captain Jim Curley of the steamer
Herald wenl away quietly to Eureka last
week and got married. His wife was a
Misjß Maggie Carr, and she returned to
San Francisco with her husband. This
will be tin first Intimation that inr.ny or
Jim's friends will have that he is now a
benedict.
The steam whaler Alexander came over
from Oakland Creek yesterday and went
to Polsom-street wharf. Her old boilers
are t'> be taken out and the ones that
were recently taken out of the Bertha
put in. The Bertha is to have "now boil
ers, practically new engines and she has
been lengthened forty feet. She will be
ready for the. Klondike trade this spring.
A BAILIFF'S MISTAKE.
Judge Treadwell Waxes Indignant
Over an Attempt to "Fix a
Case in His Court.
Judge Treadwell waxed Indignant - yes
terday morning when he learned that the
bailiff, of another court had been trying
to "lix" a case in his court. The cause
was that of Minnie Morris, a young girl
arrested for vagrancy by Policemen Gll
len and Hook on McAllister street-Janu
ary 3. She was convicted -by \ Judge
Treadwell and ordered to appear for sen
tence-yesterday morning. She was out on
|300 bonds. ,
i When the ense was called the girl failed
toappear, and. the court learned that Bai
liff O'Connor of Judge Graham's court
had told her she need not appear, as he
could "square" the case witli the Judge.
Then the Judge spoke his mind. Hi- said
he Intended to brook no interference in
his. court, and would not for a moment
permit an officer of another court or any
one else, as had. been the custom for
years past, to talk to him about- "fixing"
<:is<s. He ordered a bench warrant is
sued for the girl's arrest and fixed 1 her
bonds in $1000.. : > ; '^ Q-^U
— ♦_
Death of Sister Theresa Fox.
News has been received of the death
of Sister Theresa Fox. who died on Jan
uary 6, 1899, ai St. Vincent's Academy, in
St. Louis, Mo. Sister Theresa was an
only Bister <>f Mrs. Henry Qeorge of New
York, and both ladies have many friends
and acquaintances In San Francisco.
Kadles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Hnth.-chlM. 11l Suttsr Ft., r. 6 and 7.
Mad From Melancholia.
The Coroner's jury yesterday in the
case of the death of Mrs. J. E. Sllnkey,
who hanged herself last Thursday riieht,
returned a. verdict that the deceased had
committed suicide while, laboring under
an attack of melancholia. The jury was
composed of members of the O)d Friends,
Of which Mr. Sllnkey was the secretary.
In the Divorce Courts.
'Mrs. C. l>. Goodwin was granted a di
vorce from her husband, Thaddcus A.
Goodwin, yesterday on the ground of wiii
ful desertion. Charles W. Hall has sued
Catherine T. Hall for n divorce, alleging
infidelity us a cause of complaint.
Advances made on furniture and pianoc, with
or Without removal, J. Xoonan, 1017-ICC3 Mission.
TO PROTECT
THE PUBLIC
FROM FRAUD
An Effort to Supervise
Institutions.
A BILL TO BE PRESENTED
IT PROVIDES FOR THE CREA
TION OF A STATE BOARD.
The Act Would Give Authority to
Make an Investigation of
Prisons and Public
Charities.
A number of charitably inclined people
in the State have started a movement
which will result in a bill being presented
at the present session of the Legislature
for the creation of a State Board of Char
ities, similar to those now in existence in
Rhode Island, Wisconsin, South Dakota,
Arkansas, Illinois and other States.
The board, as provided for in the draft
of the bill, is to consist of six persons,
to be appointed by the Governor, to serve
without compensation. It will be ktu»wn
us the State Board of Charities and Cor
rections, and its duties are "to investi
gate, examine and make reports on the
whole system of public charities and cor
rectional institutions of the State and
counties and cities of the State. To ex
nmine Into the condition and management
thereof, especially of municipal and State
prisons, reformatories, workhouses, alms
houses, jails, hospitals and children's
homes and the officers in charge of such
institutions.
All plans for new jails, workhouses, hos
pitals., children's homes or State institu
tions, are to be submitted to this board for
their adoption, and they are also to be
given tlie privilege of visiting any one of
these iii. t.tutions and making a thorough
investigation.
Oth.r sections of the bill provide for an
appropriation of $WOO and the privilege of
appointing ,t secretary at a salary not to
exceed $iS*t»O per year.
PREFERRED DEATH
TO A PRISON CELL
ROBERT EGAN TRIED TO HANG
HIMSELF.
Arrseted for Being Drunk, He Sought
to Commit Suicide at the Cali
fornia-Street Station.
Robert Egan, a sailor, was arrested for
being drunk yesterday afternoon, and felt
the disgrace so keenly that he attempted
suicide by hanging' shortly after being
locked up in a cell at the California-street
station. lie was discovered by the officers
on duty and cut down before he had lost
consclousm ss.
Eg'an waa arrested by Officer McGrnvan
I about 2 o'clock and sent to the station,
where he wan placed in a cell by Officer
i Nick Bakulich. When locked up he
threatened that lie would hang himself,
but it whs thought that as everything: had
been taken from him by which he could
| do himself any harm no attention was
paid to his threat. Bakulich, who was
on office duty, started upstairs, when his
attention was attracted by a sound in
Egan'a celL He turned, and found that
• th« prisoner had taken a leather belt
and banged himself to the door of his cell.
Bakulicta speedily unlocked the door.
1 and. taking the drunken sailor in hN
; arms like a baby, cut the strap before
Egan had lost consciousness. The choking
sobered the mail, and after being cut
| down he had no further desire to die.
NATIONAL PARLOR OFFICERS.
A Subordinnte of the Order of Native
Sons H.-»s a Banquet After the
Installation.
Last Thursday night the following
named officers of National Parlor, X. S.
G. W., wore Installed by District Deputy
I Grand President A. C. Hewston of Wood
land: E. W. Hall, past president; Fred P.
Wehe, president: A. R. Vaughn, first vice
president; D. P. Nunan, second vice
president, and F. G. Sllvey, third vice
president; C. Huffschmidt, marshal; W.
V. Doughty, recording secretary; W. B,
Larkins. financial secretary; P. G. Dv J'y,
treasurer; F. 10. Hellmer, inside sentinel;
(i Vaughn; outside sentinel; W. G. Harr,
W. Brown and W. E. Clark, trustees; W.
i Koch, organist.
After the installation there was nn ad-
I journment to an adjoining hall, where an
excellent menu was served to the mcm
i bers and invited guests. During the dis
cussion of the several courses Cellarius'
orchestra furnished music, and after the
black coffee had been served there was a
programme, which included addresses by
the new president. Grand Secretary Lun
stedt. Deputy Hewston, the presentation
\ of v budge to VY. G. Barr, the retiring
I past president: the reading of letters from
members at Manila by J. Dispaux, funny
stories by J. Palm, and vocal and instru
mental selections.
The Druids.
Owing to the inability of Noble Grand
Arch Juewis to attend, J. F. Martinonl, D.
N. G. A.; John M. Graves, G. S.. and J.
W; Goetze, G. M., visited Novato on the
iitli and instituted Novato Grove No. li.i.
These officers were assisted by Past No
ble Grand Arches Louis F. Dunand and
G. H. 'L. Gerchkens, Past Arch William
Evans of Tomales Grove, organizer of the
new grove, and a large number of mem
bers of the groves in Petaluma and of
Mount Tamalpais Grove. The Institution
was followed by a collation.
During the past week Hesperian Grove
conferred the second and third degrees.
Oakland Grove worked in the same de
grees. ':'■•' ' ' ' **-'.; I
Templar Grove has initiatory and de
gree work at every meeting, Galileo
Grove has organized a drill team to con
fer the seconil degree in amplified form.
The team, at great expense, procured line
paraphernalia. .,.,..
Mendoclno Grove initiated ten candi
dates during the past term.
Volta Grove is again coming to the
front having recently initiated six can
didates. St. Helena Grove recently held
public memorial services in memory of de
parted members. "' • •
Young Men's Institute.
American Council of Oakland will give
a banquet on the 16th inst. The prand
officers will he present.
St. Vincent Council of Petaluma was
visited last week by Grand President
Haskins and Grand Director J. P. Foley.
Golden Onto Council will five a hall on
the Bth of February and Cathedral will
give one on the Utth of the same month.
The lecture before San Francisco Coun
cil will be delivered enrly next month.
Washington Council pave a very pi.-nw
ant entertainment and ball in union
square Hall last Friday nipiht.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed in his hands by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
f<.r the speedy and permanent cure of Con
sumption. Bronchitis, Catarrh! Asthma and all
Throat and l.unn Affections; also a positive
and radlrat cur» for Nervous Debility and all
Nenrotll <\>mjilnlnts. Having tested Its won
derful iur:itiv.' :>owers in thousands of cases,
nnd desiring to relieve human suffering, I will
send free of charge to all who wish it. this re
ripe. In German, French or English, with full
directions for preparing and using. Sent by
mall by addressing, with stamp, naming this
paper, W. A. Noyes, S2O Powers block, Roches
ter, N. T.
_ _ __ ADVERTISEMENTS.
OVERWORK MAKES
_WEAK KIDNEYS.
Unhealthy Kidneys Make Impure Blood.
YOUR KIDNEYS ARE YOUR BLOOD FILTERS
A Prompt Way to Cure Yourself When Symptoms Show That Your
Kidneys Ape Out of Order.
To Test the Wonderful Merits of the Great Modern Discovery,
Swamp-Root, Every "Call" Reader May Have a Sample Bottle
Sent Free by Mail.
The way to be well is to pay atten- j
tion to your kidneys.
They are the most important organs j
of the body— the blood filters.
All the blood in your body passes
through your kidneys once every three
minutes.
The kidneys strain or filter out the
Impurities in the blood — that is their
work.
Purifying your blood is not a question
of taking a laxative or physic.
Does your blood run through your
bowels?
What the bowel-cleaner does is to !
throw out the poisons confined in your
bowels ready for absorption into your
blood, but the poisons which are j
already in your blood, causing your
present sickness, it leaves there.
There is no other way of purifying
your blood except by means of your
kidneys.
That is why bowel-cleaners fail to do
their work— they forget the kidneys.
When you are sick, then, no matter
what you think the name of your dis- i
ease is, the first thing you should do is
to afford aid to your kidneys by using
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
Kidney Remedy.
Jn taking Swamp-Root you afford j
natural help to nature, for Swamp- j
Root is the most perfect healer and i
Order of Chosen Friends.
The officers of Eenicla Council were in
stalled in public on the 10th inst. by Dis
trict Deputy Mrs. Kate Flynn, assisted
by F. P. Barm. The ceremony was fol
lowed by a banquet.
The officers of Angel Council, at Angels.
were also installed in public by Past
Councilor William Moyle and Deputy
Mrs. M. L. Dolling. There was a large
number of persons present, who were
deeply interested in the work, which was
done without ritual. There were, after the
ceremony, a dance and supper.
The officers of Eveline Council at Cnico
were installed by District Deputy Ida
Morton. Every member of the council
was present.
The officers of Pacific Council were in
stalled last Friday by Deputy Taylor, as
sisted by Grand Recorder 3. C. Wall's.
CoUlt-n (late Council moved into its new
quarters last Friday night, ami there was
a glorious house-warming. All the grand
I officers were present.
The Order of Chosen Friends has issued
a handsome souvenir calendar for the
present year. The cover is in gold and col
ors. th>' features being a half-tone por
trait of President McKinley, the Ameri
can eagle and the American Hag. J while
the twelve pag's have very fine portraits
of the heroes of the recent war and views
of great events during that war.
Nourished by the Air.
Careful experiments by M. Bouchard,
communicated to the Academic dea i i <-[-
fiici-s, demonstrate that the human body
takes some substance from the air which
adds to its weight. Subjects were found
to gain from lot) to GOO grains in breathing
air for an hour. The absorbed subs: ami'
cannot be carbonic acidt hs there is too
little of this gas in the atmosphere, and
It cannot be nitrogen. Oxygun is, no
dpubt, the gas absorbed, but tlip quantity
which enters the blood or oxidises the
hemoglobins is very slight. The excess of
I oxygen absorbed cannot be explained by
other known effects, such as tin- reactions
of albumen, some or which cause a reduc
tion of weight. There is every reason to
believe that the main augmentation of
welglit arises from the transformation of
j fat "Into glycogene. A dog which, was
given T-'jOO grains of fat to eat was found
, to 80 grains' weight in addition
through breathing tor ten or twelve hours.
—London GMobe.
London Pavements in the Olden Time
Occasionally a side pavement added to
the comfort of the foot passengers
and spared them the necessity of
floundering through the deep mire
of the roadway. These pavements,
however, were very partial, and pas
sengers made use of the highway,
soft with mud and filth thrown from tin
houses, and obstructed with heap* ol
manure, which dogs and swine made their
lair. The latter animal was so useful a
scavenger, and could be kept al bo little
expertise as to account for the pigsties
whit h stood in the main streets of all our
towns, even in T,ondon. When a royal pro
cession was expected to pass along the
narrow roadway, dogs and pigs were
driven indoors and gravel was thrown
down to make the road passable. Usually,
however, the streets were left In their
primitive noisomeness.— From "England
In the Fifteenth Century." Denton.
Glasses and Congeniality.
He is one of those enthusiastic men
whose hobby is his friends. His chief aim
in life seems to be getting those he most
admires together in hfs home or at the
club, anil then having them to get ac
quainted while be writes, a letter or at
tends to some equally unimportant busi
ness.
Not long ago he caused to become ac
quainted a man whose one desire Is to
thoroughly understand agriculture and a
broad-minded, free-thinking lawyer, who
cares no more why things grow than a
goldfish does for a mouse They are both
intelligent, but the only thing similar
about them is that they both wear
glasses.
"Mr. Jones, this is Mr. Brov.-n. Now. if
you will excuse me. I'll write a letter."'
said mine host, in his usual way as he
withdrew.
They both lighted cigars, and the law
gentle aid to the kidneys that is known
to medical science.
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician
and specialist, has attained a far-
famed reputation through the discov-
ery and marvelous success of Swamp-
Root in purifying the blood, and there-
by curing chronic and dangerous dis-
eases, caused by sick kidneys, of which
some of the symptoms are given below.
Pain or dull ache in the back or head,
rheumatism, neuralgia, nervousness,
dizziness, irregular heart, sleeplessness,
sallow complexion, dropsy, irritability,
loss of ambition, obliged to pass water
often during the day, and to get up
many times at night, and all forms of
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root is sold by all dealers,
in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles.
To prove the wonderful merits of his
great discovery he now offers to every
reader of this paper a prepaid free
sample bottle of Swamp-Root, which
he will send to any address free by
mail.
A book about Health, Diet and Dis-
ease as Related to your Kidneys also
sent free with the sample bottle.
The great discovery, Swamp-Root, is
so remarkably successful that our
readers are advised to write for a sam-
ple bottle, and to kindly mention San
Francisco Sunday -Call when sending
their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y.
yer began a story of the day. but It fell
flat. Then he told a better one, but tho
agriculturist merely smiled a faint, far
away smile. The lawyer talked of a diffi
cult case he had just won, and of numer
ous well known cases over the country,
but called forth no answering remarks
from his companion. He discoursed at
length upon the theaters and all the latest
music-hall gossip, but to no avail. He nar
rated on the virtues anil failings of past
and modern literature, religion, art, sci
ence, the Australian ballot system, and
national politics. Mis companion listened,
but said nothing, showing Me was not in
terested. In despair the lawyer com
menced ;i discourse on the meteoric show
ers, when he noticed the agriculturist re
move his spectacles and wlpe>theni on the
corner of his handkerchief, a bright idea
came to him.
"I see you wear spectacles." he said. "7t
is said there is a \;ist difference in results
of wearing nose glasses and spectacles. I
suppose you have worn both. Can you tell
me what it is'. 1 "
The agriculturist bad, could and did. He
talked on what was the matter with his
eyes, what he did for them, how certain
lights and things affected them, what sort
of prisms t>> wear and who is the best oc
ulist, and listened attentively and easrerly
to like remarks from the lawyer. When
mine host returned they were st.,l discuss
ing the subject, and were apparently the
besi of friends. Which goes to prove that.
v.n mutter bow far apart your everyday
lives may be. whether you are a man or a
woman, if you wear glasses there is al
ways a bond of fellowship and interest be
tween you and an open sesame to con
versation. Try it some day and see.—Chi
cago Chronicle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
Elec- dr^^^Sb. Doctor
trlclty >«" .^ Sweany's
or e« \ ' Comb!ned
Medicine- fSR (sS^f Electro-
When \^ft V 1 Medical
Alone iwsjr^^mkz. - ment
Often I'V^'iar^ "'sßSsl' Never
F>ii -- ii§SlSlili Fai^
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-OF THE GREAT CURATIVE POWER£
Never Fails to Cure Any Curable Disease.
This treatment combines the two ereatest
factors of the healing art— Electricity an^
Medicine. Electricity is the acknowledge*
greatest power on earth. When used alone <,
has a very beneficial effect on many diseas
but when • scientifically combined with t.H
proper medicines atid adn;tni«tered by an ex«
l>er!enced and competent physician, cures ar«
effected when ai' ot'.icr methods had failed.
MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT
Restores lost vigor and vitality to weak men.
Organs of the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or Indis-
cretions are restored to perfect health and
strength through this new and original sys-
tem of treatment. RUPTURE cured by this
new method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, h painless, sure and permanent
cure. .VARlCOCELK.' h'ydrocele, swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
ing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
In any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. LADIES will receive special at-
tention for all their many aliments. WRITE If
you cannot call. He will also send you a valu-
able book, "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANT, M.D., 737 Market St.,
San Francisco, CaL
78
M'EWEN AIDS
THE ALLEGED
MURDERESS
Advances Money for Legal
Assistance for Mrs.
Dickinson.
Woman Accused of Complicity in the
Murder of Wilson Still Asserts Her
Innocence.
iUISUN, Jan. 14.— H. McEwen has
dime to the rescue of Mrs. E. G. Dickin
son and supplied her with funds with
which to hire a lawyer to defend her
agaihst the charge of complicity in the
murder of Daniel H. Wilson, i.ast even
ing, just before his del arture for his
ranch, McKwcn visited the office
if Attorney George Lamont and placed in
his hands $135 to be handed over to ICn.
I*:. G. Dickinson. Mr. Lamont !s in Oak
;;h]<l to-day, but will return to Suisun to
morrow or Monday, when he will execute
rust. Mrs. Dickinson has been trying
to engage Mr. Lamont as her attorney,
but up to the present time he has re
turned no definite answer. This after
however. the woman was informed
by a messenger from Mr. Lamont's office
that an attorney had been engaged for
ad her interest* will be well guarded
from this time forward.
The knowledge that McEwen had not
. 3esorted her and that she was to have the
• advice of counsel wrought a wonderful
. change- In the spirits of the accused
.woman. She was very much depreessed
hiring the morning, and her assertion
that she had slept very little during the
;. night was borne out by her appearance.
; She trembled with emotion when convers
ing, with callers and managed to keep
back the tears only with the greatest
■■•difficulty.
. This woman, who Is accused by the au
..thorltiea . of having been the head and
,: -life of the ospiracy that attained its
■•■ "object in the assassination of Dan Wll
• son, is a latlon to those who have vis
;. '.ted her in the County Jail at Fairfield
since her Incarceration. Her appearance
. md actions belie her reputation.
; • She does not impress one as a woman
Rho would commit murder or as one who
had ridden rough-shod over everybody
. ;vith whom she came Into contact for the
. last ten years.
■• Mrs. Dickinson admits that she Is great
ly worried, but while she realizes that her
position is Berlous she gives no encour
agement to those who are hoping she
Mil break down and confess. She con
tinues to protest her innocence without
bitterness and with every evidence of sin
cerity.
The action of McEwen in putting up the
money for Mrs. Dickinson was a great
surprise to the attaches of the Sheriffs
office and those who have been instru
. mental In gathering the evidence against
Ihe trio. The fright given the rancher by
the District Attorney yesterday and his
frank admission that he was afraid of
his mistress— so much so, in fact, that
he did not dare to talk freely about the
murder — thought to be the entering
wedge In securing from him sufficient in
■ formation to make the conviction of all
three prisoners absolutely certain. It ap
pears, however, that McEwen told the
truth when he said he feared Mrs. Dick
inson more than he did Deputy Sheriff*
or prison cells. He is apparently pos
sessed of more determination than he
ias been given credit for. It may be that
the payment of the money is, after all,
but the first move on his part to sever
relations with the woman, as he ex
pressed a desire to do, since he was ow
ing her money— as much, if not more
■ than the amount placed in the hands of
• Attorney Lamont.
. -Whatever his motive, he has given new
tourage to the accused woman and placed
the means for defending herself in her
- hands.
Mrs. Wilson complains of being unable
to sleep, and it is plain that prison life
apd fare do not agree with her. She pro
seats a sad spectacle, sitting alone in her
roll hour after hour crazing hopelessly at
:he padded walls which shut out the light
of freedom. She lias no one to put up
money for her. like her mother, and she
lays claim to the possession of no fri.
as does her brother. She says if the
court appoints a lawyer to defend her she
jvi)l bo satisfied; if nut t=ne will be satis
fled just the same.
"If they hang me, it will not he the
first innocent person that has suffered "
she says.
She sees no one but her jailer and an
ncrasional reporter, and no one Inquired
about her or seems to take any interest
In her
For the lirst time, Mrs. Wilson was to
3ay in a talkative mood. Heretofore she
has talked, but not with the freedom of
her mother and brother, answering only
such questions as she chose and carrying
an her side of the conversations in mono
syllables. To-day, however, she opened
the conversation, and proceeded to give
Borne reasons which she seemed to think
sught to convince the world of her inno-
Dence.
*'Th«y may keen me hore until I die,"
she declared with unusual vehemence,
"but they will never get a confes?ion
from me hr-eause I have nothing to con
fess. I admit I am in a bad box and there
Ib no use denying that 1 am worried. I
cannot sleep night. «= ...". I feel as though
I should ro crazy s ■mir-times— but what
can I do? It Is not my fault that I am
hero and I have no one who would turn a
hand over to help mo.
"There is one thing I want to say,
though." she added, rising to her feet sud
denly, while her eyes glinted like steel,
."and that is. if ever 1 get out of this
place I will devote the rest of my life to
finding the murderer of Dan Wilson."
In describing the happenings at fihe Mc-
Ewen ranch on the evening of the murder,
Mrs. Wilson made one statement in direct
contradiction of her daughter, Mrs. Bay
land. The latter said, a day or two ago,
that her mnthr-r was outside the house on
the night in question until the shot was
and that as soon as she heard the
report Rhe came inside and got Into bed
with her clothes on. At the time she said
it was not an uncommon thing tor Mrs.
Wilson to retire for the night fully
3ref=sed. To-day Mrs. "Wilson positively
3eclared that she never in her life went
to bed without removing her clothes, and
'.hat on the evening of the murder she
sisrobed as usual.
Miller was as loquacious as usual to
3ay. He is always glad to receive visit
ors, especially if they will listen while he
repeats the oft-told tale of his where
abouts on the night of October 9, 1896.
Mrs. Dickinson, tired of prison fare, to
day and this evening mother, son and
daughter were served with dinner from
".urnolcl Hotel, at the expense o: the
former, who is the only one of the t:io
.f h funds. The profience of a well known
mind reader in town this afternoon sug
rosted the possibility of obtaining a con
n from one of the prisoners through
the application of hypnotism. Suppri r
Judge Buckles, who was in th" crowd, at
tracted by the street exhibition of the
expert, remarked that if the mind read-
Ing artist were taken into ons of the
rolls occupied by the allege-i murd^ rer
his accomplices, he would probably
i ;;rn something of value to the prosecu
tion. The Judge spoke witn apparent
seriousness, but. every one present was
iwarr that he would be the last to coun
k-nanc- such a proceeding, «o the hyp
notic experiment was not made.
• District Attorney Devlin said to-day
that the preliminary examination would
be held some time during the present
week. The witnesses have been nearly all
located and served with notices to ap
pear. A letter was received at the Sher
■fff's office this afternoon from Mrs. Lucy
Owens, who was Wilson's housekeeper at
:he time the crime was committed. The
»pistle was dated Surf, Santa Barbara
County, and the woman expressed her
.willingness to come whenever wanted to
testify at the hearing. Mr. Devlin does
jot have much faith in the value of the
»vldence gathered by J. F. Stranahan,
who is now in Pendleton, Or. He says
Stranahan left Suisun in bad odor and he
will not send for him to testify at the
hearing as he believes his evidence would
weaken instead of strengthen the case
of the prosecution. Sheriff Savage is ill
with the mumps at his home in Yallejo,
and It is possible that the hearing may be
postponed until he is able to be out.
NEW CANAL BILL
BY DAVIS OF FLORIDA
It Provides That the Government
Shall Construct and Own the
Nicaraguan Waterway.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.—Representa
tive Davis of Florida has added to the
labors of the House committee on com
merce by introducing another bill for the
Nlcaraguaa canal. His bill follows the
general lines of the Hepburn bill for Gov
ernment ownership. Jt authorizes the
President to acquire, by purchase from
- of Costa Rica and Nicaragua "full
ownership, right, title and jurisdiction to
such portion of territory now belonging
to said States of Costa Rica and Nica
ragua as may be necessary or desirable
on which to build, construct and defend a
ship canal of such depth and capacity as
will be sufficient for floating ships of
commerce and vessels of war of the great
est tonnage and draft now in use, from a
§oint near Greytown, on the Caribbean
ea. by way of Lake Nicaragua, to or
near Brito, on the Pacific Ocean."
It is provided, however, that before
making such purchase the President shall
adjust and settle with any Government
with which the Government of the United
States may have entered into any treaty
on the subject of this canal, or any canal
acjoss the isthmus of Panama, so that
there shall be no question left as to full
and complete right in the Government of
the United States to build, construct and
fully defend such canal as contemplated.
The sum of $10,000,000 or so much thereof
as may be necessary is appropriated for
making arrangements.
SORROW IN THE HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES
Death of Dingley of Maine Followed
by Eloquent Tributes and Many
Arrangements for the
Funeral.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— The House of
Representatives assembled to-day under
circumstances of deep and universal sor
row in the death of Representative Nelson
Dingley of Maine. As Speaker Reed en
tered the chamber a hush fell upon the
members, who a. moment later arose and
wi'h bowed r- »!s listened to the eloquent
tribute from 1 i chaplain. Rev. Dr. Gou
den. * .
Boutelle, the senior member of the
Maine delegation, offered and the House
adopted a series of resolutions providing
for funeral ceremonies in the hall of the
House at noon on Monday, and for a
committee of nine members to accompany
the remains to Maine. The resolutions
concluded with a motion to adjourn.
The Speaker announced the following
committee under the resolutions: Bou
telle, Payne. Dolliver, Tawney. Evany,
Hilborn, Clarke of New Hampshire,
liaJley. Dockery, Bell and McClellan.
At 12:20 p. m.. as a mark of respect, the
House adjourned until Monday, when the
funeral services will occur.
SOUTH AFRICA MAY
HAVE A MEAT FAMINE
Millions of Cattle and Sheep Have
Perished Through the Drought
and Rinderpest.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— Owing to the
terrible ravages of the rinderpest and
ili. prolonged drought, South Africa is
threatened with a meat famine. During
the year ended May 1 last, according to a
report to the State Department from
United States Consul Stowe at Cape
Town, no less than 1,400,000 head of cattle
were lost from these causes, while in the
same time the loss of sheep was 2,086.000.
In many districts the drought has become
worse since May; all over the country
the farmers are selling their breeding
stock for slaughter, and the price of meat
is rapidly rising. In the cities it sells
now for from 20 to 40 cents per pound for
beef and 20 cents for mutton. Prices of
living are mounting to the danger point.
American flour and cornmeal are being
imported, the demand for the latter being
beyond the supply. Altogether, says the
Consul, the outlook for a large trade with
the United States in cereals is good, and
he regrets only* that the United States
cannot share in the large prospective
sales of frozen meat.
CAROUSED WITH THE
COMMON SAILORS
Passed Assistant Engineer Myers of
the McCulloch Charged With
Various Misdemeanors.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— The Treasury
Department has been advised that Passed
Assistant Engineer William C. Myers of
the revenue cutter McCulloch was guilty
of various misdemeanors while at the
Manila station and that the full report by
Chief Engineer Chalker is en route. It is
alleged that Myers was intoxicated while
on duty, that he associated and caroused
with common sailors and in other ways
conductpd himself in a manner unbecom
ing an officer and a gentleman.
LAUNCH OF THE AEBANY.
The New Cruiser Glides From the
Ways at Newcastle.
NEWCASTLE, Eng., Jan. 14.—
United States cruiser Albany was suc
cessfully launched this afternoon in the
presence of United States Naval Attache
Lieutenant Colwell and many other
Americans.
The Albany was christened by Mrs. Col
well. After Sir Andrew Noble, vice
chairman of Sir W. C. Armstrong & Co.,
proposed success to the vessel and in do
ing so regretted the absence of the United
States Charge d' Affaires, Henry White,
who, however, telegraphed, wishing the
Albany a successful career as sister ship
of the New Orleans, which, Mr. White
added, has given great satisfaction to her
officers and crew.
«
Jockey Club Improvements.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The Coney Island
Jockey Club has completed arrangements
for the purchase of 100 acres of ground at
the upper end of its track at Sheepshead
Bay, which will permit the building of a
full six furlong track. More than this,
it has been decided that the chute will
be still further extended, so as to permit
seven furlong races on the straight.
■ m ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mifliion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
DAMAGE DONE
BY WINDSTORMS
Many Buildings Blown
Down.
WIRES ARE ALSO PARALYZED
LOSS OF LIFE REPORTED IN
PENNSYLVANIA,
"Wide Scope of Territory Visited by
the Gale, Which at Times At
tained a High Vel
ocity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Jan. 14.— A terrific wind
storm to-day caused almost complete
paralysis of the telegraph service out
of this city. Wires were prostrated in
all directions, and communication by
the Western Union and Postal Tele
graph companies was cut off from all
but southern points. Considerable dam
age was done throughout the city by
the high winds, and a number of per
sons were injured by falling signs,
poles, etc., but so far as known no one
was killed. The wind attained a ve
locity of forty-eight miles an hour.
Reports from near-by towns coming
in to-night show that the high wind
was prevalent throughout this entire
section.
At Washington, Pa., one and per
haps two lives were lost. A scaffold en
which Daniel Jennings and William
Palet were working at the Washington
ice plant was blown down, and both
men fell forty feet and were buried un
der the debris. Jennings was killed
and Palet seriously hurt.
A part erf the Washington and Jef
ferson grand stand at College Park was
blown down, also a portion of the Nov
elty Glass Works.
At Taylorstown over fifty oil rigs
were demolished, the loss reaching
about $10,000.
At Wellsville, Ohio, many buildings
■were unroofed, fences and trees blown
down and telegraph and telephone
wires prostrated. Four large stacks,
130 feet high, of the Wellsville Plate
and Sheet Iron Company were blown
directly across the Cleveland and Pitts
burg Railroad tracks.
Greensburg. Pa., reports the storm
the "worst ever experienced there. The
roof of the Courthouse at Greensburg
was loosened from its fastenings and
for several hours great uneasiness was
felt.
The large flagpole in Ludwick, erect
ed in honor of the soldiers at Manila,
was blown down and several persons
narrowly escaped being struck.
Considerable damage was done at
Newcastle. In all parts of the city
roofs were blown off. The Vulcan Foun
dry was a heavy loser, as one side of
the big building was blown in and
greatly damaged.
The new six-story Heilman building,
which is in course of construction, was
badly damaged, part of the brick work
being blown down. Three houses in
South Newcastle were also blown over.
WILL NOT SEPARATE.
No Truth in the Story of Trouble
Between Pullman and Wife.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 14.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Hot Springs, Ark.,
says: Mr. Pullman, who is In this city,
in answer to the question regarding the
reported separation of himself and wife,
stated emphatically that there was no
foundation for the story. He said it must
have originated with one of his servants
whom he recently discharged. He nas
been married five months, and says that
during that time he has never had the
slightest unpleasnatness with his wife.
Mr. Pullman, who is sick, is hero taking
a course of baths. His wife, he says, will
come here within the next week or ten
days, and will remain with him until he
returns home.
Linseed Oil Combination.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 14.— A new Unseed
oil combination has been formed, the in
corporation taking place in New Jersey
under the name of the American Linseed
Oil Company. The National Linseed Oil
Company of Chicago was incorporated
about ten years ago and included thirty
seven establishments. From then until
now it has been fought by the twenty or
thirty outsiders, who produced about 65
per cent of the total output. The state
ment is made that all of these concerns
have gone into h new company. To-day
the property of the Cleveland Linseed Oil
Company was transferred to the Ameri
can company for the nominal considera
tion of $1. The headquarters of the new
company will probably be in Chicago.
jok "OH, MY BACK!"
V \.& CVEN MEN who do no manual labor have pains in the back. Everybody
gf^f^SgSmt^J^ *-' has them. They are the usual result of some sort of weakness; some-
j^_ / BWSy^^Ufh times of a sprain. There are various causes, and each produces the dull,
JMHnE'-ffiffifif JHflßnfc g \ tirec^ aclim S wnicn renders a man so miserable.
i^BBHIB4 FAQV TO PTTPI? Pain in the back can te cured
i^^m- 1 t^?-*'"i ; °"'-'V f fV ''' 1 f ik UiilOl JLU UUllill. Knowing what causes it, and know-
■ P BK^jß^^.' "-^^ 1?r^' : ""' -" ok ing that electricit y» properly applied, will restore the muscular
r : r i' '--' ■ $M> strength, I can warrant a cure. I have cured hundreds of cases in
ISBBW'^Wj s^^BX^o 'ESS two weeks, thousands in a month. I pour a constant, warming
Tffißfljffl^ |jp electric current into the back all night while you sleep. This is mi-
i: ;;'^ '■ : |p vigorating and contractile upen the muscles, and two cays are often
ißbA^Hr* - >• ' y ~'v ' ; '■ ' '• lr\i enough to cure.
iHHRHHHIft "T AM fITTHfiT) Y Ur Belt l cured n^ e of lumba g° tteeh 'cc years
■ p£J S^^HBBBjMff> •*■ ■"^•"-^ UUll/UJUt ago, and I have never teen troubled with it
■' ?' ' J.:'^ : ' •'^BBfiJoM since," writes E. F. Hale, Collinsville, Solano County, Cal., Dec. 27, 1898.
■IBWP MY ELECTRIC BELT WILL CURE IT
MHsBBBra Look at the thousands who have been cured by it. No one who is
informed will suffer from lame back or any of those peculiar weaknesses
M^^WF raS'"'"-' that men have. They know that my improved Electric Belt will cure it,
fiiii&llF w '■■' ''■"■• m. because it has cured their friends.
BaßEll %r Sfflßr' My best friend is the man 1 have cured. Call and make a free test of
WrQßt ISP?) my Belt. Note how simple it is, and how it works. If you can't call let
w «Hl» •▼/ me sen( y OU m y book, sealed, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, c^^ss^^sL^. not in drug stores;
Office hours, Ba. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Anpreles, Cal., 232 West Second street: Port- Dr - Sanden'e Electric Belt is never sold in
land, Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. l^ c fl2I c*e * nor by tr * velln * ****«*■■ only at
Mont., 110 North Main street. - cur otflce - . .
DR. WIDNEY LOSES
THE PASTORATE
Out of the Church of
the Nazarine.
REV. BRESEE NOW SUPREME
CAUSE OF THE TROUBLE IN THE
NEW SECT,
Pastors Who Held Life Jobs Ask to
Resign, and Then One Was
Left Out in the
Cold. / "*'-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.— Dr. J. P.
Widney is no longer pastor of the
Church of the Nazareii-. His resigna
tion, which was handed in some time
ago, is said to have been the result of
a disagreement between himself and
the brethren. Those most interested
have preferred to keep the matter quiet
for a long time, and the surface of the
difficulty was smoothed over.
The Rev. P. F. Bresee and Rev. J. P.
Widney originated the Nazarene sect.
A church capable of accommodating
1000 persons was erected in South Los
Angeles street. Methodists from all
over the city flocked in. Branch Nazar
ene churches were organized in a dozen
small towns and the work seemed to be
in a flourishing condition until the
trouble arose which resulted in the
resignation of Dr. Widney.
The doctrine of the Church of Naza
rene resembles that of the early Metho
dist church and many of its members
profess sanctification. Since the estab
lishment of the church Bresee and Wid
ney have been associated in the pas
toral work. The constitution of the or
ganization made these ministers life
pastors. For a long time perfect har
mony seemed to exist.
The unpleasantness in the church be
gan at a camp-meeting held last No
vember. This particular meeting was
of the good old Methodist sort, and
those present gave vent to their feel
ings in shouts of rapture over their
saved condition or loud moans of re
pentance over their sins. Dr. Widney
was displeased and openly spoke his
mind about the doctrine taught by this
sect. He thought such teaching was
the means of doing incalculable harm
to human souls.
Dr. Bresee spoke to his brother pastor
on the subject, but Widney maintained
his stand. It was decided to call a con
sultation of the directors to take cog
nizance of the matter. The trustees
waived the question as to whether or
not the church was on the right track
to reach eternal life, but raised a ques
tion concerning the propriety of any or
ganization electing a pastor or pastors
for a life term. Before the investiga
tion ended the trustees asked for the
resignations of both pastors. No
sooner had their resignations been ac
cepted than Dr. Bresee was appointed
pastor of the church. This froze Wid
ney out, and he is without a pulpit.
His supporters say that the action of
asking for the resignations of both was
a well-planned plot to force him out of
the church. The Breseeites do not deny
this charge, but retort that It saved
Widney from being publicly asked to
vacate his pulpit.
According to the supporters of
Bresee, the original trouble arose from
the fact that Widney was ambitious to
build a church in which the congrega
tion of the Nazarene might worship.
The trustees listened to the proposition
and thought favorably of it. Dr. Wld
ney said that his desire was to have the
deed for the proposed new edifice in his
own and his wife's name as long as
they should live, and that after they
were gone they would arrange to turn
the property over to the church. This
arrangement did not please the trus
tees and they declined to accept Wid
ney's proposal. After that the rela
tions between Widney and the congre
gation seemed strained. People began
to complain that the pastor was preach
ing a strange doctrine and that he had
departed somewhat from the faith of
the church. This difference was mark
ed, as Bresee preached in the morning
and Widney in tho afternoon and even
ing. The trouble grew and spread, per
vaded the entire congregation, divided
the members and reached a climax
when the trick was neatly turned by
forcing Widney out of his pulpit.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAGAN MUST
ANSWER FOR
VILE WORDS
To Be Court-Martialed for
Y\\s Defamation of
Miles.
Before the Trial BegiQS the Com
missary General Will Be Placed
Urjder Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The
Herald's Washington correspond
ent sends the following: Formal
announcement will be made by
the President or Secretary of
War to-morrow or Monday that
Brigadier General Charles P. Ea
gan, commissary general of sub
sistence, will be court-martialed
without delay for his defamation
of Major General Miles.
Before the trial of General Eagan oc
curs that officer will be relieved from
duty as commissary general and placed
under arrest. This decision is the re
sult of the careful consideration given
the matter by the President and Sec
retary of War, who foresaw imme
diately after the submission of the
statement, as stated in the Herald, that
there could be no other course than to
direct a court-martial of an officer who
so Hagrantly violated the principles of
a gc-ntleman and officer of the United
States army.
It developed to-day that rather than
prefer charges against General Miles,
which General Eagan proposed to make
in his statement before the commission,
the chief clerk of the commissary and
sulipistence department threatened to
resign. The chief clerk is William A.
Decaindry, a member of the Cosmos
Club of this city and well known in lit
erary and scientific circles. Mr. De
caindry and the commissary general
have not been enjoying cordial rela
tions, and the trouble culminated when
General Eagan desired the chief clerk
to prepare charges against General
Alihs. Tli-' latter refused to obey his
chief and wrote out his resignation, but
by the advice of friends he has not pre
sented it.
The determination to court-martial
General Eagan was formally reached
to-day after the President had been in
conference with several public men and
had consulted with Secretary Alger,
who was at the White House for an
hour. It is not intended to let the beef
controversy creep Into the trial. So far
as the President is concerned he has no
desire to permit a controversy and he
will accept the report of the War Com
mission as final.
General Eagan will be tried on
charges arising out of the violent lan
guage he employed In attacking Gen
eral Miles. The most important charge
will be "conduct unbecoming an officer
and gentleman, in violation of the sixty
flrst article of war."
The penalty for violation is dismissal.
He will probably also be tried for "con
duct to the prejudice of good order and
military discipline in violation of army
regulations."
There is every reason to believe the
President and Secretary of War have
given serious consideration to the char
acter of the charges which will be pre
ferred against General Eagan, and it is
understood orders will be given to
Judge Advocate General Lieber early
next week to prepare the necessary
specifications to support the charges.
There is no reason to believe that
General Eagan will apologize to Gen
eral Miles, and if he should do so the
commanding general would not accept
an apology. A friend of General Miles
who is quite aware of his attitude told
me to-day that the general felt an of
fense had been committed and that no
apology would atone for it.
General Miles makes no secret of his
belief that General Eagan should be
dismissed from the army for his un
disciplined, unmilitary and ungentle
manly conduct, but for the present he
is determined to leave his vindication
in the hands of the President and Sec
retary of War.
NEW FOOTBALL MATERIAL.
Stanford's Team Will Be Greatly
Strengthened This Year.
STANFORD, Jan. 14.— A rather impor
tant football meeting of old Stanford men
has just been reported. Treasurer Fickert,
at the close of last semester, started East
in search of a football crack for next
year. Three days ago Bliss, Culver,
"Heff" Williams, the old center, and
Treasurer Fickert met in Washington,
D. C. The exact results of this meeting
Cannot as yet be made known, but In all
probability Chamberlain, the crack East
ern player, will be brought West to assist
the cardinal. Chamberlain is known to
be one of the surest men in any Eastern
college and at the Bame time to possess
the raculty of leading and coaching a
team into the best condition. Fickert also
promises to supply Stanford with a line
averaging 210 pounds to the man. With
such a line and the present backs Berke
ley's chances of winning the next event
would be greatly diminished.
NEW GOLD FIELDS.
Dawsonites Bushing to Stake Claims
on Carlisle Creek.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 14.— The Yukon
Midnight Sun has the following of the
stampede to Carlisle Creek:
"Dr. Wills and party of twenty have re
turned from the stampede to Carlisle
Creek, which enters the Yukon seven
miles above Thistle Creek, from the oppo
site side. One Cook, stationed on the
steamer tied up there, was sent out to
do some prospecting. He sunk a hole on
Carlisle creek, six miles above its mouth,
on a favorable bar. A pan of gravel three
feet from the surface yielded several dol
lr.rp. He came to Klondike City and noti
fied Dr. "Wills, and off he and the party
went pell-mell to Carlisle Creek. They
located the first ten claims above and the
second ten below Discovery. The first ten
go to the crown.
"Herbert Macauley of Victoria, with a
party of ten. were met at Stewart on the
full jump for Carlisle Creek."
ADMIBAL SAMPSON A GUEST.
Henry Harrison Scott and Bride Give
a Dinner Party.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— Henry Harrison
Scott of San Francisco gave a dinner
party at the Gerard last night. Among
the guests were Admiral Sampson, wife
and daughter. After dinner Mr. Scott and
his bride held an informal reception in
their apartments. Mr. and Mrs. Scott
will make this house their permanent
home.
Cutting His Stick.
To cut his stick, in the sense of going
away In a hurry, has long been a com
mon expression, though it is not heard by
any moans so frequently as it was forty
and fifty years ago. "Hey"s cut his
stick" equals run away. "Now, then, cut
yer stick!" equals be off. In playing
cricket when I was a boy, the record of
runs for each player was notched on a
long stick, and runs were only known as
"notches" in those days. I have seen the
records of bigger matches also recorded
on sticks by means of notches, say, forty
five years ago. — Notes and Queries.
Could if Necessary.
Neighbor— What beautiful hens you
have, Mrs. Stuckup!
Mrs. Stuckup— Yes, they are all Import
ed fowls.
Neighbor— You don't toll mp so. I sup
pose they lay eggs every day?
Mrs. Stuckup (proudly)— They could do
so if they saw proper, but our circum
stances are such that my hens are not
required to lay eggs every day.— Tit-Bits.
"\ CAN BE
Permanently Cured.
If you. suffer from Epilepsy, Fits,
Spasms, Spells, Falling- Sickness, St.
Vitus' Dance, etc., have children, rela-
tives, friends or neighbors that do so,
or know people that are afflicted, my
New Discovery, Epilepticide, will PER-
MANENTLY CURE them, and all you
are asked to do is to send for a FREE
bottle and try it. It has CURED thou-
sands where everything else failed.
My 90 page Illustrated Book, "Epi-
lepsy Permanently Cured," FREE.
When writing please mention The Call,
give name, AGE and full address.- A .
correspondence professionally confiden-
tial.
W. H. MAY, M. D.,
May Laboratory, 94 Pine Street, New
York City.
OWING TO ENFORCED REMOVAL
OF THE
TURKISH RUG CO.
I WILL SELL—
THEIR I i ! I |||
ENTIRE STOCK BK i I
0F.... J | j | 1 fll|
. AT ABSOLUTE
....AUCTION....
■
COMMENCING
Monday, January 16,
At 10:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m., at
123 GEARY STREET.
The sale continues one week, same houra
daily.
Any article will be put up without reserve
on request and sold to the highest bidder.
SALE POSITIVE.
ALL GOODS MUST BE SOLD.
Stock consists of the choicest and rarest
Antique Rugs and Carpets, Carved and Inlaid
Furniture, Arms. Lanterns, Curios, etc.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
TRADEmfIRK.
"PEGAMOID"
The Latest and Best European Discovery.
We invite the Upholsterer, the Furniture
Manufacturer, the Trunk an'l Valise Makers,
the Painter and Decorator, the Contractor and
j Builder, the Shipowner and Yachtman to Ex-
i amlne • -./ .
PEGAMOID LEATHERS and PAINTS.
Come and See a PEGAMOID boom.
Write for Catalogue and Sample Book of
Leathers.
WESTERN* AGENCIES CO.,
Gl and 62 Chronicle Building-,
San Francisco, Cal.
REFEREE'SSAL^
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
AT AUCTION
BY ORDER SUPERIOR COURT.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899,
At 12 O'Clock, Noon, Sharp,
AT OFFICE OF
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market Street.
Polk-street business block, Nos. 1709 to 1715
Polk rtreet, between Clay and Washington. A
solidly built building containing fifty-six room*;
three large stores with rooms In rear: fine con-
crete basement, with sidewalk elevators. Polk
street is the finest business street west of
Kearny.
Size of lot 63:10x123:6.
5 35^b. Dr - Won Him, No*.
45K&&&ZEH 115 and 117 Mason street,
ti§*Ti^<a San Francisco, Cal.— This
*.s£L_~ ¥ Jb to certify that I have
KafC J been for several years
raLA-i B 5; great 6ufferer from
SJ-3*T£\ j Bright' s Disease of the
MJjffSr / Kidneys, a tumor in the
_^HBK/v left side an.l other dis-
jKMgr**^ J*^V eases Incidental to fe-
<rfftBlg(mi*J -^aigCT)^ males; that I have for
Q^B^B|HfjßKS* weeks and months at a
■VOShkV T time been totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
! be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
: rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my flrat Interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
jrour medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; Indeed, for the past 15 or 20
years I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE,
8871 24th street, San Francisco. Cal.
October 18, IS9S.
, ■ "
j£?*l W tk • The pee..i;w
a n ft - Uio*- 2^' 2
.THE HOME REMEDY N S?/ r^S
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS Not! n nye y h o
wi-uig. For all theoo pains, irregularities aud difficulties no
remedy on e»rth Sorj f» -Dirt HJ'WIM by lady her-
-y.i faneous^ailU'ixiU self. BeUcven ull pnin
jSBEHk ln\romb or Ovnricß hi 10 minute*.
SjSC^Sjii Promptly relieves U-n.lache, Nausea, Elnod ,icd
Sg'jjSS BUcMer Troubles, Faintnesn, Nervousness, i'-ir
W'ijl and DesponJen-y. Cures Leucorrhcea, Wot . ,
jfiijr §Js< Complaints, r/isplac-mercts, Rackuche, B?;:,.;ig
;*3r g< ' *<ssa_ "" wn P»'ns and all Female Unorder*,
/ VkL * TSfos" an '*' ieß Soreness and Uleerntion* V^Jr^
X f*^«^*y( cilecr9 tho »pWt* «nd VU»Uze«n.l* J
' *^Sr* the whol« frame. • Safe, Sure and TSffey
Absolutely IlarmlcM. One 60 cint box will '^iHP'
comnlet« a cure In ordinary cases
STOPS Al L PAIN f SOU> BT AtL DUFGOISTS.
1M ID WINIITF? Th<- P«rf«to Co.laxlon BMe.
If! IU rrtirjUiLO The Perfecto Co.Caxton Bldir. Chtotfto
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
ggggpfi- HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
»gaH"BS§! Vl\e hundred reward for any cas*
RiHM MSB Re cannot cure. This secret remedy
SDLHALL'S REINVIGORATOB
!• , \ v liundri'd reward tur any casd
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
hti.ps all iut.-<-» in 24 hours, cures
B&O mSo Emissions, lmpotency,- Varlcocele.
IiTTI 'ffll Conorrhoea, Gleet, Kits, Strictures.
WM iltl Lost Manhood and all waatins ef-
HSn Sra fectsof self -abuse or excesses. Sent
E^Taw^yftj Bt . a!£d|s bottle; 3 bottles,*s; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. SSS Hroadway. Oakland. Cal. Al«a
for sal* at 1073^. Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STB.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan, Rooms, 600 to $1 60 day;
♦6 to $8 week; %i to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs ull night.IS THIS TO BE
A CALIFORNIA
CRIPPLE CREEK?
Great Base Ore Finds
■''■-" on Coffee Creek.
FTS WONDERFUL TELLURIDES
$*;;:£ • ' 1: /
DEES NEW TO CALIFORNIA MIN
.-;■.;•/ • -/. ■ ING MEN.
; '.Recent Finds in Northern Trinity
':•'-- •'} ..County Run From Hundreds
}-y ■-.'■;'■'.■ •'' to Thousands of Dol
/■;\\' ;'-' : lars Per Ton.
l ; he mise of a California Cripple
Creek seemed to come into view in this
city yesterday, when the Selby Smelting
Works made official returns on a lot of
n-iwlj;" discovered ores from Northern
California and nrben some mining men
RJrired and gave evidence regarding some
remarkable recent developments.
Fi-i'jh the Coffee Creek region and from
a number of recent ore discoveries in it,
distributed over a range of thirty miles,
are -coming really wondrous reports of
gold 'discoveries.
Away up in Coffee Creek, near the head
waters'of the Trinity River, about eighty
; mites from a railroad, in a wild virgin
IVr-egion whore an ax has rarely been heard
, -to. .this, day, some patient prospectors,
" fc'fter long years of grubstake rustling, are
I:; uncovering and shipping out on pack
.' -Joules and in • small quantities gold ores
f that" assay from .'-•■■veral hundred to $SOOO
■ U :iV>n.. and. the evidence ol" the values is
■•at.- .hand.
■ ; :.:Theai;- new discoveries of some of the
yVti.qhtst- ores that California or any other
: •'■■ifp, region can show are distributed over
■•'•a-'raoge of nearly thirty miles in length,
■ '■•■.in. : ii' country that is being prospected for
,-t;bt3v^|rst time, and they are concentrated
'.-irKa "'region that seems to be typical of '
VthiSusartdsf' of square miles of virtually
.".'•U'nprospected territory In that region.
•. ■•'lll A'o case has development work gone
:r,'k.ui»a.:.'comparatively few feet below the
: : :.CBOrface, and what la below no man can
■• -..f.'vy;. but the great Cripple Creek district,
../that- furnishes now the bulk of Colorado's
•;y.'::j£fp)U". jiTid which has enabled that State j
■r-.to "eclipse California In its gold output for ;
i :Vthe Jlr.st (time, could not make bo promis
.'•■■;;iH^ ai.shov.iiig so early in Its development. >
. :•••;> '•'•^'•hcte are three features to the new i
•; ■;^olt\'i:'--"Creck discoveries that are engag- ;
:• vllftr:-f'*iblic attention. One is the fast that
1 '"•••riic'-h ■te4luride ores are included in them;
. : -"'iuj}.n'ii-er is that on Union Creek there has
.'•..^.lioeii-'d-iscovered a kind of telluride ore
:":'i: H:e.\'er' bv.-f ore found in California, and that
'. '-.' ;'.:l^.!.'B^.S ; yasite, a sulphur tellurium of lead j
;■•.■•; 'jthS/'gold. and a third striking feature is
■ ;. ;:ft'he-;'Ee'm;u'kab]y high assay values which
■ ■■•./iy^ve tften discovered in widely separated i
•■ ; .
■
>': : /:'lvHeFy. rrived at the Russ House yester
'.•• : ; -.feti'.sonn' Copper reek mining men who !
: . : v--:eii"Er>t:- evidence of gold values recently
:.'• /.vt i t»s*.p.ve"red up there. The principal ones '
•'v^BO-^-.-Gfeorge L. •rr. Amos Hill and J. C.
:• . •'■.•:.■■. Mr. Steele has been a rustling
; 'y/..m?jH3vin tiiat region for two years or
!;:-. : >;-rriOT^-.aii(l is iviv. superintendent for the
' :>':ijotr>ii .Jubilee Mining Company, com
;.',->v:;K!jj:?'d ol Napa people, who recently a"c- j
■" ■'-.'•.7«-iviti : v*J" the Golden Jubilee mine, or pros- I
.":' .. rjj'ettv- on . BouWer Creek, a tributary of
■i" : :'.'Co.ti : f.?i Creek, and who re planning to I
-r ::■ &L-;jyliip and work tne property.
ir- -"TlVj :-Go!den Jubilee as not furnished '
. • ••'■thtfVWchest ores that have recently been
•'>".n? r ;uy.<.V on Coffee eek, but Mr. Bteele
vU'.-'h'ifi'ibeiit'd to have the most reliable cvi- j
: *.-,'• 'jjte^-vtu-. of values. 'i'his evidence consisted I
"••-rjtn '-.otflcial returns, dated January 14, on!
.:'. iifcfcieral experimental lots of ores recently
.' ; .':shipp-ed to Selby's for treatment. In the
' ■.'•".polden Jubilee property there is a strong !
;■ :':-l-ed : gc-'f3f sylvanite ore, quite rare in Call- |
•' ;.. £or-n'ia',.-and also a rich vein of soft ma- 1
': •.-•;tcr3al called "ochre" for short, by Mr. !
;■■'..' S'tVe'le. Sume prospect holes have been j
jV.vfruiik. In the sylvanite vein and a short j
. .•.'V.ttirfri'el; taps. the vein at a short distance
A.; : JbVlp-w. ,'the surface. Samples of ore taken
" :'"jujfi-ler; • such surface conditions were!
■." '".i'snifpied to Selby's for treatment. They
from various places on the !
•■."■ rV.^fnf-" ' i
\ ;•;.>-•. Oftie" lot of 4CO pounds may be rated as I
'/",.-;.fsli»f"'P :ore. Selbys report the assay value
": 'j v per:.-ttfri to be: Silver. 31.1. ounces: gold,
. ; y-MAJ .- ounces. The totnl net va lue, less
' : i.-ClSar.gt-s, is given as $070 20 per ton. The I
•■■:'• rie.t'.'r-oturris for the 460 pounds were $220 64. I
•'•. •■•:'.TtiisJ"s. nearly 50 cents a pound for stone j
' •'• . '.^dXi'g- torn the side of a canyon. Another
:.'. ■:'-Wt.;ih---iVported by Selbys to ."issay $241 92,
". /:':n:M)XhfT $209 93, mother $179 43 and others
.4:, : ;fTniilar amounts.
■■';''.■■]• .•T;lii.s is decidedly rich ore. Such ore is
: ' '.-ruqi^mrne'd in' many spots on earth. The |
:•/;'■,. •&!<<■) whig, however, Is, of course, for lots
:•'.••: .W£v, ! yyrted ore. There Is not available any
. ••■•"!>.» t a on the average value of the vein,
:.: : .-" : -w-!ooVh is the only showing in which the
■■; : .- j : a"tile-, of a mine may be estimated, and,
been explained, the development '■
••■•.:. C; «.'f" - i ho Tnino is a surface one .so far. The
'■■•', i T>jj nit is that such rich ore Is found at the
r : v{.:puifai : c.
i :•••■•■ 'i'Jnv re are other rich strlki a on Coffee
•y £,:•.. "•' POSTUM CEREAL.
ANOTHER DOCTOR.
' ■Coffee May Agree With Some Peo-
r.l;-:-.. ■ • pie and Not With Others.
7.:.' ..-Until a year ago I was a most in-
: :.>Tefe'rate;. coffee drinker.
=„•; : 'v : : i; have always assiduously abstained
•■.V ; fVpm all other forms of stimulant*,
:; ."ij.neluding tobacco, and hence could
V; : easily localize the cause for the nura-
..;."] 'orirtis"" abnormal symptoms I became
. /.subject to. I grow nervous and irrit-
; ;. ...able, became easily excited and experl-
.:.■'.;■ enreVl a decided loss of memory, to-
i '■::••• ■^■ff : h;er with many other symptoms,
'.ci 'riridifc'ating an unduly stimulated nerv-
,-;.y v : ouK \sy stern. My appetite was poor,
•'.ih.R^ht- leficient, bowels irregular. Like
•:-;7..iliiibV.amls of others, i could not bring
'.i> j'jriyself to believe that my favorite bev-
:";V^a-sS' was the cause of my abnormal
Vi'r^oixdjtions.
;v':S ; "; About a year ago a package of Pos-
.."!•• came to my office, and I
■;' :. "•JriViiciuded to trj r it. I was very much
..: ••h:>'dis-h-ppointed with the trial, tho liquid
'•<:•:■; jrc^iVfi- JlKht-colored, v.eak and insipid.
\ >yl£- '•jacked the strong flavor I had been
'•j; ';"?n.'Mrihsf acctistomcd to.
':'•.;:>•; i;;>;'JiHiud(td, however, I would have
•JVJa--.i-ulti.vate a taste for It, and hence
.'.'J.fte?iShUeu in drinking- the almost taste-
..■j.r.^?6a- :inixtnrc for several weeks, until
Vj^naiiy I lwcame -disgusted with it and
i/.'.';iiuU::.it>. . I -noticed, however, an Im-
Lv'-V^'^yv-i^Ot in my nervous symptoms.
'■■'': I after this my attention was
: '. : -.-;.eafle.dV-to your specific announcement
Js fa.?..%t0 ■■tho length of time the mixture
;.';'.- ; '?th^w : id-- .boil. 1 took the subject up
•i'.;;f o^in,r.tfollow4iig the directions ex-
. ■/■ ••vsj£i,tfy, aiul-the result was truly grati-
;'/".'fvihffi' Tlie ' olor, the aroma, the
"■ .'•■•■•;tag-tri..- > arid. everything (except the nerve
,;>i-ac}k'ing- 'stimulant) was there, and I
; -was"- Goia'ple'tely satisfied. The nerv-
. oifti symptoms entirely went, and all
other, abnormal conditions vanished.
The experience in my own case naiur-
ally led to a conclusion as to the cause
of 'the •difoYdurs with many of my pa-
tients, and I have had occasion In
numerous cafces to insist upon the
abandonment' of coffee entirely, and
the substitution of Postum Food Cof-
fee, with highly gratifying results.
Dr. Geo. W. Hoglan, 113 E. Long St.,
Columbus. Ohio.
Cre^k to be credited to the season just
closed, but the greatest ones appear to
Je those from the headwaters of Coffee
ureek, twenty-five miles fn>m a wagon
Vli 1 n , a ru K«e<i country clothed in its
primeval wilderness and on the divide
wnicn separates the headwaters of the
innlty from those of the Salmon River.
Lnion Creek is a tributary of Coffee Creek
near its head, and along'it the great find
of tellurides has been made.
Amos Hill and his partner located a
'edge, put up a crude arrasta at a cash
cost of 70 cents, and during the early fall
the mule ground out a good deal of gold,
though leas than 40 per cent of the base
ore values was saved.
To make a romantic story short, Hill
got two strange school manns of Napa
to buy out his partner for $500. They are
the Misses Irma and Josephine Rider. The
former teaches at Soda Springs and the
latter in the Napa city schools. Hill says
that they have got back $1600 in cash from
that arastra and have a half interest in
the mine that, it is reported, they have
bonded.
Hill named the mine the Yellow Rose of
Texas. Samples of the ore were recently
sent to the State Mining Bureau for anal
ysis. E. B. Preston, the assayer, who has
been a field deputy of the bureau tot
many years and who has thoroughly ex
plored many times that northern country,
was greatly interested to discover a tellu
ride gold ore new to California and which
he found to be nagyagite, a sulphur tellu
rium of lead and gold.
"It was very rich," says Mr. Preston,
"but as the bureau makes only qualitative
analyses I do not know its value. 1 have
always believed that that was a rich
mining country and I expect to see some
great mines developed in it in time.
As to the value of this new tellurHe
ore, Mr. Hill says that he recently s;
a little over two tons to Selby's for tr« it
ment. Packing thirty miles on mules to
Carrville cost a cent a pound. Hauling
lifty-six miles to Redding cost as nmcii
more. Rail charges w< te M 4 a ton, mak
ing $S4 transportation charges alone, lne
cost of mining and the smelting charges
are to be added. Mr. Hill's net receipts
from the lot were $1003. Another smaller
shipment assayed $115" a ton. Other Bam
ples sent to Redding have been reportc-d
to go ay high as JSOOO a ton.
Similar results are reported from the
claim next to Hill's, owned by a Mr. Law
rence of Hopland. The ledge is said to
have been traced for three miles, and R
number of locations in which develop!
work has been done have tx
These are but two of the recent finds
Coffee Creek.
Within a mile of the Golden Jubilee
mine is the recently located Dewey mine,
controlled by George L. Carr. Mr.
<'.irr is one of the best-known mining men
and capitalists in that part of the coun
try. He is the proprietor of Carrville,
near the mouth of Coffee Creek, and owns
well-known mining properties. He asserts
that the Dewey mine is one of the many
rich prospects of that region. Sel
samples give high . d average
les of a three-foot ledge run J7l a
ion, with 1200 feet of croppings showing
a continuous ore body.
"I firm!-. said Mr. Carr, "that
with a few years' d- velopment in.
fee Creek country will be one of the fa
mous mining camps of the West. It
- wontic rful surface promise and has
immense possibilities. The district is Just
>in. wing up some of the richest ores ever
found in the State, and next yeai
see a number of cyanide and other plants
put in to work them and a gri at d< a! ol
prospecting and development work done.
Football at the Presidio.
The Jacksons and Princetons, formerly
Company M. League of the Cross Cadents,
will play a game of football Sunday after
noon at the Presidio athletic grounds,
with the following line-up:
Jacksons. Position. Princetons.
Vetfyguth Center Keenan
Duden R. G. L Harnsman
Middleton L. G. X Behan
Kennedy R. T. L McMahon
Stadfeldt L. T. R Mclntyre
Brickell R. E. L Fitzmauriee
Douglass L. E. R Smithson.
Sawyer J Horton
Bishop R. H. L Henricl
Rooney L. H. R Gresty
Hickman Full Bleathen
THE ORIGIN OF YANKEE.
An Englishman Wrote in 1777 That
It Was an Indian Word of
Contemptuous Meaning.
Major W. A. Guthrie of Durham, in
addition to being an able lawyer, an
astute politician and an admirable gen
tleman otherwise, is fond of literature |
of the best class. He likes to search
through rare books and papers. Some
years ago, at the sale of the effects of
Borne aged citizen, he bought two rusty- |
looking volumes for a mere trifle along
with other books. On examining the
books he found them to be "Travels j
Thnmgh the Interior Parts of America, j
in a Series of Lectures by an Officer of
the British Army." They are the let- ;
Of Lieutenant Thomas Auburey. I
He was taken prisoner at the battle of ;
Saratoga during the Revolutionary j
war. From there he was sent a pris
oner to Boston, and later was marched
with many other prisoners of the Brit
ish army, who had been captured at
various places, to Charlottesville, Va.
Mr. Jones, a large planter of Virginia,
and a member of the Continental Con
gress, had tendered his plantation and
negro quarters to the Congress for a
prison camp. From this plantation
Auburey wrote many of his letters. All
the prisoners were paroled. This offi
cer spent his time in riding about the
country around Charlottesville. The
tetters were to a friend of his in Eng
land. Later the letters were published
in two volumes and were dedicated to
the Earl of Harrington, Viscount Peter
sham, colonel of the Twenty-ninth
Regiment of Foot. They begin August
8, 1776, and run to October 30, 17-1.
The letters are full of interesting and
instructive reading. In volume 11, page
46, written from Cambridge, New Kn;-, r
land, November 25, 1777, is a history of
the word Yankee. Before the Revolu
tionary war the Virginians called the
New Englanders Yankees; from th< n
to the. civil war everybody that was not
of the Xew England States called the
New Englanders Yankees, and during
the civil war everybody north of the
Mason and Dixon line was called Yan
kee.
As to the word, Lieutenant Auburoy
wrote in 1777: "It may not be amiss
here to observe that the etymology of
this term is derived from a Cherokee
word, Eankke, which signifies coward
and slave. This epithet of Yankee was
bestowed upon the inhabitants oi New
England by the Virginians for not as
sisting them in a war with the Chero
kees, and they have always been in
derision by It. But the name has been
more prevalent since the beginning of
hostilities; the soldiers at Boston used
it as a term of reproach, but after the
affair at Bunker Hill the Americans
gloried in it. 'Yankee Doodle' Is now
their paean, a favorite of favorites,
played in their army, esi war
like as the 'Grenadiers' March.' It is
the loon's spell, the- nurse's lullaby.
"After our rapid successes we "held
Yankees in great contempt, but It
was not a little mortifying; to hear them
piny this tune when' their army
marched down tn our surrender."
Such is the history of i.hp etymology
of the word "Yankee. "—Charlotte Ob
server.
Black Images of the Madonnn.
The natural explanation of the circum
stance of black images of uic Mn donna
is that certain woods become darker with
age. the smoke from the votive lampa
occasionally help the process, in sev
eral cases, as at Prigny, the images have
bfen blackened by the fumes from con
flagrations. It is possible that some of
the oldest are imported figures of isis
The question as to whether the Virgin
herself was brunette or hlonde opens a
wide field of discussion, but the balance
of argument perhaps lies against, tho
the text "I am black, (afflicted?) but
comely," was a reference to the Virgin
and in favor of the idea thai these ini
ages are intended to be horsewhiped in
spite of their swarthines3 and -not on ac
count of it. Their very color, however,
attracts pilgrims.
Truth in an Obituary.
William Herrington died at h,s home,
near I'lcisanton the other day, leaving
considerable riches and a respectable fam
ily, and this Is part of a <■ ;r ous obitu
ary notice sri\"<'ii him by the Observer:
"His greatest fault whs the extravagant
use of profanty. Tt was almost Impos
sible for him to engage in any port of
conversation with man, woman or child
•without using it. He r.o doubt often
swore unconsciously,"— Kansas City Jour
nal.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 3899,
POOR OLD POLAR
BEAR WAS COLD
An Icy MistaKe That Caused the Demise
Of Bruin at the Chutes.
THE frosty or "cold" weather that has prevailed In San Francisco
during the past few weeks caused a great deal of trouble in the Chutes
Zoo. The Chutes people have animals and birds from all kinds of
zones in their menagerie, and the advent of the frost king nat
urally mixed matters up badly. An effort was finally made to
furnish all kinds of weather for the occupants of the cages. In
order to do this three large stoves were installed in the menagerie and kept
stuffed with coal night and day. After the crowds had gone at night the
delicate, thin blooded monkeys were garbed in warm
"sweaters" and the lions protected by horse blankets.
This scheme worked to perfection so far as it went, and
the managers congratulated themselves on their fore
sight and good fortune.
They had one important member of their dumb brute
family that required entirely different treatment. This
Immense fellow, with a coat as thick as the bark on a
redwood tree, did not seem to be satisfied with the
weather conditions ordered by Professor Hammon. It
appeared to be too warm for him and he pined for his
own clime. What the Chutes people did to ameliorate
the sufferings of the Polar bear is best told in the lan
guage of Impresario Phil Hastings :
"We kept (ah on the big bunch of hair from the
Arctic circle," said Phil, "and concluded that the tem
perature was too high for him; that his feet were too
hot, and that the proper caper was to insure his com
fort n.nd safety by putting him on ice and providing an
electric wind blast. This was done. We actually paved
his cage with slabs of the real thing and assured our
selves that we were the only expert Polar bear nurses
in the country.
"Somehow this did not suit; so we piled in more ice
without regard to the matter of expense. Much to our
alarm, bruin began pining at a rate that made us lie
awake nights. Alas, too late, we discovered that we had
made a fatal error. What was the trouble? Why, that
overgrown, perverse, inconsistent product of the Polar regions was cold. We
had done the ice-pack and wind-blast act and he did the rest— laid carefully
down on his slab of ice and died. The weather was too frosty for him."
AN EXHIBITION OF CRIME.
Art Contributes to the Curious Col
lection in the Austrian Capital.
One point of attraction at the Jubilee
Exhibition here is a pavilion which re
veals secrets and mysteries of a kind
which we all lova to hear about. The
Vienna police, in the endeavor to con
vince the public that its only task is
not to bother people and arrest them,
has attempted to make a show of its
duties and aims, the system on which
it works and the "results attained. Ta
bles and figures have been conscien
tiously avoided, and a very pleasant
mode of enlightening the public has
been found. The pavilion has seven
large rooms, which, with a good cata
logue and a very little explanation, give
an insight into a most complicated or
ganization. Forty-two artists of note
have contributed to the police picture
gallery. One has illustrated a touch
ing scene— an every-day event in Vi
enna—of two policemen bringing a
young girl, who has flung herself Into
the Danube, to the shore. A sculptor
has treated the same subject in a mas
terly group. Another artist shows how
a mounted policeman stops runaway
horses, another gives us the. interior of
a police station, where several police
men are amusing a little child who has
strayed and is seated on their table,
contented to see so many kind faces
around. Then there Is an excellent
picture of a fire from which a police
man snatches a woman, another of a
policeman on guard in pelting rain at
night at some desolate point. The po
liceman who has found a babe "laid
away" by its mother makes the most
touching picture of all, perhaps, and
one deciding a quarrel between two
market women the most comical. There
are seventy excellent works of art, il
lustrating the policeman's difficult ca
reer. '
Adjacent to the picture gallery is a
i model office for a police commission —
! in which the newly caught Criminal is
i being examined. Close to the desk is
j the so-called "Criminals' Album"—
which is a good sized cabinet with six
i teen drawers — holding material which
< makes it easy work to recognize the
' man if he is not at his first crime. The
exhibition shows some of the photo
graphs by which criminals are identi
fied. All are natural size. Every man
is taken twice— full in the face, and in
sharp profile with his right ear to the
beholder. The exhibition contains hun
dreds of these fine photographs, many
of which show the same man at inter
vals of one year or longer. It must
be admitted that in nine, cases out of
ten the man in one cannot be recog
nized in the other. It is, of course, in
the interest of every criminal who has
been in the hands of the police to
change his appearance as much as pos
sible. But we are shown that two
men can be perfectly alike, so as to
deceive even the cleverest police officer.
These photographs are exhibited to
prove the necessity of anthropometry.
Life sized wax figures illustrate this
interesting system of keeping a record
of criminals. The eleven measurement*
recorded on the card with the criminal's
photograph are here taken before our
eyes.
A policeman's schoolroom is also
shown, with all the material for his
teaching — enlarged photographs of
hundreds of ears, portraits of criminals,
a skeleton, a collection of glass eyes
showing all the colors that exist; then
fifty-eight , wigs to show all the possi
ble colors of hair. An interesting ob
ject is the bap: which a Police Commis
sioner takes with him when he Is called
to the site of a murder— with micro
scope, magnifying glasses and fifty im
plements, Including a case of strong
cigars in case a disinfectant should be
found indispensable. : ;i ; \
There is, in addition, a collection of
criminal implements seized on the
scenes of murders and burglaries. The
new hammer with which a solicitor's
clerk murdered his master is there, the
hatchet with which a married couple
were. murdered years ago, a piece of a
railway rail with which a lodger killed
his landlady some months ago. Thou
sands of keys, iron bars, tongs, cross
bars and many mysterious implements
are arranged into groups and tableaux.
A most remarkable object Is a steel
contrivance which a suicide made for
himself to be quite, sure of getting the
ball right into his heart, and we are
assured he did not fall. There is a!pr>
■i pistol which an apprentice made with
his own hands and shot himself with.
A large glass case shows how poachers
catch game in the Prater— pheasants,
wild ducks, hares, partridges and even
a deer Bra caught ir. the slings and
traps and the other contrivances, which
reveals extraordinary powers of inven
tion. The most recent murders are
shown In a series of photographs— the
victim during the examination by the
physicians, the scene of the murder in
all the terrible disorder, speaking of re
sistance offered, the plcturp of the mur
rlerer. We are promised a practical
demonstration shortly, when a thief
will be caueht in the crowd and taken
to the pavilion, there to be identified
and treated according to his deserts.
London Standard.
The Force of Habit.
"T guess there's something the matter
with my boy," said the father of one of
tho Tr-nth Battalion boys recr-ntly. "He
pot home, about 11 o'clock Wednesday
night and w^nt to bed about midnight.
and half an hour later, when T went up
to his room, he was curled up on tho
floor. He had lust nulled the clothes off
the bed and crawled Into them. I asked
, him about it, and he said he never wanted
Ito sleep on a bed again. Said -he had a
i bed In San Francisco, but it was too soft
I for comfort."— Argus,
COLD BATHS.
Their Injurious Effects Upon the
Anemic and the Old.
The Journal of Topical Medicine
has an interesting article on the use of
the cold tub in tropical countries, in
which it is shown that, health-giving
as it may be to those who are young
and vigorous and newly arrived, it is
by no means a process to be universally
advised. In the tropics a dally bath of
some sort becomes a necessity for pur
poses of cleanliness alone. But the
"tub" which is indulged in by Euro
peans — that is, immersion in cold water,
or, at any rate, water that is distinctly
colder than the body, for say five min
utes—has a distinct physiological ac
tion besides the removal^ of dirt, and
the question is whether triis is good or
bad. It is pointed out that the shock
is relatively greater than in temper
ate climates, that the abstraction of
heat during the process can be but ill
afforded, and that the depression of
temperature induced is difficult to re
cover from.
It is also insisted on that neither the
circulatory nor the respiratory organs
respond to the stimulus, and that, es
pecially in the case of those who are
"getting on" in years, the digestive or
gans may be congested to a dangerous
extent. We think that all this is very
true, but that it is true for a very large
number of people who live in temper- j
ate climes as well as for those who.se
lives are passed in the tropics. Many
people whe have, as they would say,
been "always accustomed" to take a
cold tub every morning continue the
habit long after it had better have been
given up. They do this partly because
it is a habit and partly because they,
dislike the confession of getting old
which seems to be involved in giving
up the customs of their more youthful
days.
But we are quite clear that unless
good reaction very qulcklv follows a
cold bath, and follows it without much
"toweling," such tubbing is very often
injurious. Whenever a man has to
"rub himself warm." or when he finds
that he is not right again until after
his breakfast he may feel sure that his !
tub is doing him harm, and that he
would do better to take a warm bath,
finishing off with a rapid sponge over
with cold water. "For the young, vig
orous and newly arrived youth in the
tropics the cold bath may be indulged
in with impunity, and it may be with
benefit, but as years lapse the tropical
resident calls for bath water warmer
and still warmer, until he finds that h^
has best health only when the water
of his bath is not below the tempera
ture of his body."
And it is the same In temperate cli
mates. On the one hand the anemia
of the renders a man more sus
ceptible to cold, but, on the other hand,
the arterial rigidity which in temper
ate climates is so common an associate
of advancing years renders men pecu
liarly unable to bear that sudden dis
placement of blood and that sudden re
arrangement of the circulation which Is
Involved In getting into cold water.—
The Hospital.
Seeing Bullets as They Fly.
"As every sportsman knows," said
an enthusiastic New Orleans hunter,
"it is easy to see a rifle bullet in the
air, and those fired from the new high
power guns are very curious to look
at. Stand a dozen yards to one side of
the mark and let a friend blaze away
at any range with a small caliber
weapon using smokeless powder, and
you'll see a strange, blufsh white streak
the instant the bullet strikes home.
The streak is apparently a couple of
inches wide and several feet long, and
is more like a flash of light than any
thing else I can think of. With the
old-fashioned Remington or Spring
field carbine the bullet has the ap
peaerance of a long black rod, and I
don't know why there should be such
a difference in the optical illusion pro
duced by the smaller caliber. I have
heard some people deny that the bullet
can be seen, but they are very much in
error. It all depends on getting the
right viewpoint. A few feet either way
will render the missile invisible, but
the right spot is soon found by experi
ment, and after that the thing is as
plain as day."— New Orleans Times-
Democrat.
Carbon Pictures on Celluloid Base.
Carbon pictures, done on heavy paper
or celluloid base?, are one of the recent
novelties in the photographic world. To
day they are made in monochromes of
fourteen different colors, from black to
light blue. Few operators aro skillful
enough to make them well, and most of
the city trade is handled by a few men.
Paper with a coating of gelatine and
carbon on it Is dampened in bichromate
of potash and then dried by a draught of
air in the dark. After drying It Is ready
for exposure. It is placed in contact with
a negative In the usual way, anc> print
ed by sunlight, the time for each negative
being told by a photometer. After print
ing the carbon paper Is soaked In warm
water, and all the unexposed part dis
solved. The paper is then stuck face
downward on tne celluloid base to be
used. A long application to the water
takes the paper off. leaving the picture on
the celluloid. This process requires dry
weather and particular precaution in
handling; its effects are especially fine
when wall executed.— Boston Transcript.
A Legislator in Two States.
John J. Upchurch lives on the boundary
line between Florida and Georgia. He Is
a wealthy mill man, and so popular on
both sides of the line that he alternates
his public services as a legislator between
the two States. He represents Oharlton
Count- Qa.. !n the lower housr of the
Legislature at the present session. He
was a member of the Florida Senate at
that body's last session; before that he
was sent to tne lower house of the
Georgia Asaembiv. and further back was
in the Florida House and Georgia Senate
In alternate session.— Baltlm"-.-> Sun.
THE QUESTION
OF A TEACHER'S
PAID VACATION
Three Months of Sal
aried Recreation.
WILL THESE PRIVILEGES GO?
MISUNDEBSTANDING AS TO
MONEY ON HAND.
President Bergerot States That No
vember - December Salaries
Will Finally Be
Settled, '
One of the cloud of worries emptied out
of the Pandora box by the young Board
of Bdacation is the November-December
salary question. This "trouble," ex
pressed arithmetically, reads $180,000, run
ning something like an average of $180 to
each teacher for the two months. The
old board intended to issue warrants for
these months, but did not do so, choosing
to leave the educators with the other
army of creditors to comtemplate and
enjoy the deficit en masse. With the late
board it was— as with the historically
profligate French monarch viewing the
wrecked treasury— "after us, the deluge."
The outside creditors enjoined the de
partment, and the teachers enjoined the
outsiders, and so the preliminary guns of
the battle were fired, and then the first
wave of the "deluge" swept that board
into the black limbo of obliquy. Now,
connected with their injunction suit, there
is a solemn thought buzzing in the minds
of the thinking teachers. It Is the sal
aried vacation matter. For three months
in each year the educators play under
pay. One thousand teachers at $90, multi
plied by three months, amounts to $270,
--000 if there is any honesty in figures. The
Finance Committee of the Board of Edu
cation reported in effect last Wednesday
evening that possibly the actual deficit
would reach $230,381. A recovered fund of
$270,000 would help this indebtedness out
amazingly. Should the court, in working
out their injunction case, decide that
those vacations are only luxuries and not
necessities, and that such luxuries should
not be paid for by the somewhat heavily
burdened taxpayers of the city, that
working folks often pay their own way
when they play, where will the future
vacation privilege be "at"?
It has been mentioned that country
school teachers who are not gifted with
a life-tenure of position, whose labors are
just as arduous and whose remuneration ia
below that of the city educators, have no
salaried Intermission between terms. Said
a country school rnarm recently: "Why
should Mrs. X (whose husband has a fair
Income) draw down $250, which Is five
flchths of my pay for eight months' work,
while recreating at the 'springs,' while
1 am paying for my vacation out of my
own pocket?" The possibility of the en
tire abolishment of the vacation and its
salary by some one of the powers that
be was recently borne in on a mind
or two and an effort was made to stop the
injunction proceedings. But other counsels
prevailed and the case Is yet on.
It is argued by those close to the edu
ucational office that If the board could
bring itself to cut into the work of the
department as instanced by the abolish
ment of the normal and the throwing out
of the evening schools it will not for an
instant hesitate to clip off the play-part
of that work.
President Bergerot yesterday evenlnp,
speaking of the November-December sal
aries, said there existed no intention on
the part of the present board to have the
teachers ilnally lose their pay of these
two months.
"The present board," he contjnued, ''will
discharge every obligation just as rapidly
as it can. Burdened and overburdened
as it is by a mountain of debt piled up
by its predecessors, it is trying to dear
off one by one the load. The classes,
schools and teachers that can be spared
must go that money may be saved. The
Normal School could be spared, as there
are several State Normals and a univer.
sity all running and turning out teachers.
It may be found that all the evening
schools can be spared, and if so every
one will go for the present. The pres
ent board has three lawyers in its ranks
and they have their heads close together
studying up in the law to tit these 'com
ing suits.' And I can srty the board is
all ready, well fortified with decisions and
opinions for emergencies. We will do the
greatest good to the greatest number and
be a decided improvement over our prede
cessors, I fancy.
"To-day the representative of a morn-
Ing paper demanded the names of the al
leged list of teachers who were to be con
solidated out. No such information was
or will be given now, for the reason that
no list is in existence. Some of the news
papers and some of the startled public
have fixed upon a high number of teach
ers who have been virtually dismissed,
but the figures are all wrong.
"In conclusion 1 will say that unless re
calculations are very incorrect— unless
the School Department remains poverty
stricken, its present condition— no teach
er will finally lose his or her November-
December salary, nor will any creditor
for that matter.
"Now, as to the plaint that has been
raised regarding those Normal girls los
ing a half year, etc. Any of those young
ladies who can pass the necessary ex
aminations will receive recognition in the
way of diploma or certificate. They will
not be thrown out on the world to suffer,
half educated and certiflcateless, as cer
tain of their friends fear. All such com
plaints are groundless. Everything the
present Board of Education will do will
be within reason."
The reply of Auditor Asa R. Wells to
the Board of Education regarding the
amount of money at the disposal of the
board for the ensuing six months seems
to have taken the officials by surprise
It is $50,000 less than was expected and
the deficiency is readily explained by Mr
Wells. In the last levy there was a spe
cial approprition of $100,000 for the pay
ment of salaries for June. l£>7. As this
was levied for a special purpose it was
applied to that purpose at once; hence it
is not available now.
Mr. Wells submitted his reply to th©
Board of Education late on Friday and
spent the greater portion of yesterday
morning explaining how he reached his
conclusion in the matter. Directoi H M
Holbrook telephoned him and later' oii
sent his secretary to Interview him on
the matter. As chairman of the Finance
Committee of the board he is deeply in
terested in the amount of money that will
be available for the schools for the ensu
ing six months which will bring the pres
ent fiscal year to a close. Auditor Wells
lias assured the Directors that if his inter
pretation of the matter is not the correct
one the board will lose nothing, as there
is money on hand to make up the 550,000.
The Brave Bull, the Cruel Spaniard.
The trumpet sounds again, and the
espada takes his sword and his muleta
and goes out for the wild scene. This
which ought to be, is not always the reai
climax. The bull is often by this time
tired, has had enough of the sport leaps
at the barrier, trying to get out. He is
tired of running after red rags, and he
brushes them aside contemptuously; he
can scarcely be got to show animation
enough to be decently killed. But one
bull that I saw recently was splendidly
savage, and fought almost to the last
running about the arena with the sword
between his shoulders, and that great red
line broadening down each side of his
neck on the black; like a deep layer of
red paint, one tricks one's self into
thinking.
He carried two swords in his neck, and
still fought; when at last he, too, got
weary, and he went and knelt down be
fore the door by which he had entered,
and would tight no more. But they went
up to him from outside the barrier and
drew the swords out of him; and he got
to his feet again, and stood to be killed.—
The Saturday Review.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ff|O ANNOUNCE a tpfli
II * MONSTER CLEARANCE I/*Q|
9^ SALE OF SHOES JOB
The truly marvelous offers that
people have been accustomed to in
these sales of ours, will be re-
peated during this one. If such a
thing is possible, greater bargains
than ever before will reward those
who buy now.
1600 P a ' rs Ladies' fine French Kid Lace Shoes, welted
sewed soles, stitched edges, latest style coin toes, a« j-a
with patent leather tips, worth $4, reduced to tpZ.dv
900 P rs same style Shoes, in button, reduced from fi m - '
$4 to $Ld\J
1700 P a ' rs — ur Own Make — fine French Kid Lace
Shoes with narrow coin' toes and patent leather £« »j-
-tips, at .. tpl.
WE HAVE ABOUT $20,000 WORTH OF
SURPLUS MEN'S SHOES THAT WE SHALL
CLOSE OUT FOR ALMOST NOTHING.
1800 P a rs Men's fine French Calf Lace Shoes, hand
sewed, welted soles, stitched edges, latest style '^>% r*
coin toes, worth $5, to be closed out at. $L»v"
1500 P a i rs Men's genuine Alaska Seal Lace Shoes, calf
lined, latest style coin toes or square toes, regularly a-j aa
sold for $5, to be closed out at tpu»ll V
1400 P a ' rs Boys' fine Calf Button Shoes, a first-class &t aa
bargain at $3, to be closed out at «p»»vU
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN ALL LINES.
WE ASK YOU TO CALL AND
MAKE A CRITICAL INSPECTION.
IT COSTS YOU NOTHING.
it. _ _* * .^
Entire satisfaction in Some of our greatest
every case, or money re- bargains during this sale
funded. Mail Orders will be shown on our bar-
filled promptly. j gain counters.
* — — — ♦ ♦ : *
NOLAN BROS.' SHOE CO.
li\/ infill D'lix/iJ* tJIli/L/ v\/«
PHELAN BLOCK., I
812-814 Market Street, San Francisco.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GERMAN IN EVENING SCHOODS-
H. J., City. In San Francisco the only
evening school in which the German lan
guage is taught Is the Humboldt.
IN CASE OF WAR— H. D.. City. In
case of war and the necessity for a draft
the military authoritites will not exempt
a man on account of his religion.
A DOLLAR OF 1884— Subscriber, City. J
A silver dollar of 1884 will not bring the
possessor a fortune, as it is not a pre
mium coin. Such can be purchased at an
advance of 50 cents.
IRELAND— J. M. H., City. The great
est length of Ireland is from Fair Head,
in Antrim, to Crow Head, in Kerry. 306
miles. Its greatest meridional length is
but 225 miles. Its greatest breadth be
twoen the extreme points of Mayo and
Downs is 182 miles, but between Galway
Bay and Dublin it is but 120 miles.
QUARTZ MINING— G. M., Oakland, Cal.
P. H. Miller, whose name figured in an
article published in The Call recently in
connection with quartz mining in Daw
son, is a man of medium height, middle
aged, somewhat bald and has a sandy
mustache. He was for a time engaged in
mining in Colorado.
MAN AND WIFE— J. S.. City. Man and
wife divorced in California cannot marry
again in that State within a year from
the time the divorce was granted. There
are those who have been divorced in that
State who have gone into an adjoining
State and married again. A marriage
that is legal In any other State in the
Union is valid in California.
SEX IN THE UNITED STATES— L.,
Livermore, Cal. Until the census of 1900
Is taken it will be impossible to give figr
ures as to sex in the United States. The
latest figures on that subject are those of
1890, from which it appears that there
were at that time 32,067,880 males and 30,
--654,370 females. The figures for Califor
nia were, 700,059 males and 508,071 females.
EMBEZZLEMENT IN PENNSYLVA
NIA—Q. P. V., City. In the State of
Pennsylvania if a person, acting under a
power of attorney, comes into the pos
session of money for account of his prin
cipal and fails to account for it or appro
priates it to his own use, he is guilty of
a misdemeanor, the penalty for which Is
not more than $1000 or imprisonment for
not more than three years.
A CLEAR TITLE-T. C, "Waterford,
Cal. In the absence of an agreement with
the vendor that he r.hall furnish an ab
stract of title to a piece of property, he
is not bound to furnish such abstract; but
it 1b the duty of the intending purchaser
to satisfy himself that all Is correct. If,
however, the vendor offers to give a clear
title, he undoubtedly would be liable in
damages in case the title did not prove
perfect.
ESTATES IN IRELAND— J. T., City.
If a man is possessed of realty in his own
name in Ireland, on which there are no
conditions as to future disposition, he can
dispose of the same by will to his wife
or in any manner he desires, just as he
would be entitled to do under the laws of
California. She could come into posses
sion of it without having to wait until a
minor child of which he and his wife were
the parents reached its majority.
WALTZING— East Street, Oakland, Cal.
It is reasonable to suppose that some, in
making the great circle of a ballroom dur
ing a waltz, may become giddy by reason
of the circular movement in one direction,
consequently the forward or backward
movement may be Indulged in at pleasure
or the couple may go within or without
the great circle or do the reverse as they
may feel disposed. It is the province of
the gentleman to take the lady in all these
changes, which ought to be frequent.
There cannot be a set rule that "waltzers
must reverse when the music changes"
for the reason mat many dancers cannot
reverse.
A WAGON WHEEL—G. W., Quincy,
Piumas County. A friend of this depart
ment has kindly furnished the following
in answer to the question "Does ihe top
of a wagon wheel move faster than the
bottom on level ground?"
"That a point on the top of a wagon
wheel travels faster or through more
space than a point on the bottom of the
wheel can be proven by experimenting in
two Ways: (1) When a wagon or buggy
wheel is at rest put one foot on the bot
tom part of the felly or rim and one hand
on the top part. Let the vehicle be moved
ahead a part of a revolution of the wheel,
say one-fourth or less, with foot ana
hand retained on the portions of the rim
where placed, then note the difference of
spaces through which foot and hand have
traveled. (2) Take a circular piece of
pasteboard or thin wood to represent a
wagon wheel. Place It on the floor with
side against the wall. Insert a small pen
cil or marker in top and bottom edges of
the wheel. Then move the wheel one
o'^btii f) f -i -evintion nr sn and have tho
pencils mark the curves through which
n.f.v travel ana note the difference. Of
course, at a uniform rate of travel of a
wheel each and every point in the rim
makes a revolution in the same time, but
moves slower or through less space when
at or near the bottom than when at or
near the top."
DEMPSEY-LA BLANCHE-FITZSIM
MONS-43. F. H., City. The fight between
Jack Dempsey (Nonpareil; and Georgo
La Blanche (the Marine) for a $1500 purse
and $1000 a side took place March 4, 1886,
at Larchmont, L. 1., and was won by
Dempsey in thirteen rounds.
Bob Fitzsimmons beat Jack Dempsey
In a fight for $12,000 and the middle-weight
championship of the world in thirteen
rounds, in forty minutes, at New Orleans,
January 14. 1891.
George La Blanche beat Jack Dempsoy
for a $5500 purse, with four ounce gloves.
in thirty-two rounds, in two hours and
seven minutes, In San Francisco, August
27, 1889.
CARTER HARRISON— Reader, Covina,
Cal. Carter Harrison, Mayor of Chicago
who was murdered in his home October
2S, 1893, was not related to Benjamin Har
rison. ex-President of the United States.
Prendegast. who murdered Mr. Harrison,
expiated his crime on the gallows in the
city of Chicago July 18, 194.
COLLECTION OF COlNS— Cnritwlty,
City. If you will communicate with the
curator of the museum in Golden Gate
Park you will probahly ascertain what
you desire to know about the disposition
of collections of coin.
DR.T.S.HIGGINS'
DENTAL PARLORS
927 Market Street.
Over Cafe Zinkand. ELEViTOB.
To DECAYED and ACHING TEETH
we give a SPECIAL TREATMENT,
after which we crown or flll them
painlessly.
Painleßs extraction without using
dangerous . anaesthetics.
PURE GOLD FILLINGS fr0m.... 81 00
Plates, with free extraction. from.fM 5O
A hygenlc metal plate, from $8 00
PAINLESS EXTRACTION A
SPECIALTY. . >; ,
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
It has been fully demon- ifflPgaU^y— ■ «g»y
etratod that BrQp/XYs^H
Ely's Cream Balm W§&^KSl
Is a specific for V^ Cc st l^ f| EAo'|
NASAL CATARRH. E^Jj/J
This distinction la the re- *f S
suit of continued success- [My
ful use. A purifying and sSio_ - ---«sKy^|
heallnK treatment. It 1b ■EBoT^CV^r^JW
an agreeable cure. W&r \S>->t v ' '""*-ifi
Cream Balm is placed Into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not dry-
ing—does not produce sneezing. Large, 00c;
Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren It. New York
910
THE BRITISH SHIP ANDELANA
CAPSIZES IN TACOMA HARBOR
THE BRITISH SHIP ANDELANA, SUNK WITH HER CREW ABOARD IN TACOMA BAY.
CAPTAIN STAILING
AND SEVENTEEN
MEN DROWNED
Vessel Goes Down at Night During
a Squall and Is Not Missed
Until Morning.
rACOMA, Jan. 14.— Captain Stall- 1 1
ing and seventeen men were I
drowned by the sinking of the I
British ship Andelana during a .
heavy wind storm early this morning, j'
The gale which blew her over was one |
of the most severe experienced here in '
.years. It blew at the rate of thirty- |
eight miles an hour. The Andelana i
was capsized almost instantly and be- jl
fore her officers and crew knew that .
they were in peril.
Yesterday noon a gale sprang up, |
which soon reached thirty miles an |
hour. It gradually subsided until night- j |
fall or the Andelana probably would I
have pulled into a dock. As it was, j I
she remained at anchor in the stream, I .
being pit-vented tipping over only by
heavy log buoys moored on either side i
of her. This was really a dangerous i
position during windy weather, for all 1
of her ballast had been discharged and !
she had taken no stiffening aboard.
There is no doubt that when the ter- ,
rible gale sprang up last night she j ■
partly turned over. This lifted her ! ]
starboard ballast log out of the water j :
and itt- weight caused a defective link ;
to break. Thus released from the log, | '
the ship turned suddenly on her beam
ends, and in another instant the water
was pouring down her hatchways, j '
These were but loosely covered and af- ;
forded no protection. With her toppling j
masts and towering side to give the
gale full swing, the- Andelana went over
as though she were a racing shell.
How the seamen struggled to escape
can be imagined, but without doubt
they had scarcely leaped from their
bunks into the inflowing waters before j
their vessel had struck bottom, twenty- i
three and a half fathoms below the sur
face. This is indicated by the fact that
the vessel did not drift from her moor
ing place, but sank almost at the spot
where she was moored last night.
With daylight this morning tho Ande- ■
lana was missed. Where sin; had been
riding, apparently secure, at dusk last
night there- Bbxrwed but a blank stretch
of waters. Captain Doty of tho ship
Walter EL Wilson was probably the
first i" discover the Andelana'a disap
'.pearance. Hurriedly calling hit; gig l
: crew he was rowed to the tug Fair- i
field,' lying at the Eureka dock. The |
tug was sent across the Andelana's j
anchorage. Not a trace of the missing !
.'ship was to be found. The Fairfield j
then crossed tt? tho eastern :-ide of the
.' bay. Here the Andelana's fate was j
madf evident.
Swamped and with battered gunwale
one of the ship's lifeboats tossed against
the gravelly beach. Further on was
found a ballast log, with a broken chain I
attached. Then were discovered wooden j
shovels such as had been used on the
Andelana. The last piece of wreckage
found was a mattress marked with the
ship's name.
I'll and down the beach Captain Doty
and Captain Hurley of the tug tramped,
but not another vestige of wreckage i
• from the ship was to be found.
• ■ It was scarcely believed along the
water front that the ship could have
. sunk without some one escaping or
without being heard by watchmen
aboard vessels at the St. Paul and Ta
. coma Lumber Company's wharf, less
than half a mile away. To make cer
tain of her fate, it was decided to send
the tug Fairfield out with grappling
•irons to locate the wreck. At 5 o'clock I
this afternoon a steam launch caught
with grappling irons what seemed to
be a piece of cable. Still later the tug
Fairchild caught hold of some solid
substance.
This was the best that could be ac
complished with grappling irons at a
depth of 141 feet, and is considered
complete evidence that the ship is lying
underneath where she was last seen
anchored. This depth is too great to
permit divers to work with ease. No
attempt has been made to engage
divers pending the receipt of instruc
LIST OF THE DEAD.
Captain G. W. Stailing, Nova Scotia.
First Mate E. H. Crowe, Nova Scotia.
Second Mate E. G. Doe, Blackpool, England.
Boatswain Charles Smith.
Second Boatswain James Daly, Leith, England.
Steward Ernest Jonsin, Liverpool.
Cook J. B. Brown, Barbadoes.
Apprentice James D. Haeyere, Ostend.
Apprentice Richard Hanze, Ostend.
Seamen Fred Lundstrom, August Simonson, Edward Letz, A. John
son, John Nellson, E. Antrum, and two others, names unknown,
all shipped at New York on May 7, 189 S.
tions from shipowners or underwriters. I
Shipping men believe the vessel can be j
raised with air bags or by sinking air- |
tight scows and connecting them with |
cables which shall pass beneath the
wreck. The water would then be j
pumped out of the scows, causing them |
to raise.
The bodies cannot be recovered unless I
the vessel be raised. It is believed they |
would be recognizable should the ves
sel be raised several months hence,
since tho ice cold water at the bottom j
of the Sound will tend to preserve
them.
The Andelana was to have loaded
wheat here next week for Queenstown.
Her coming voyage would have com- ;
pleted her trip around the world. She ;
left London about a year ago for New
York, whence she sailed in May for
Shanghai with coal oil. She reached i
there on October 19, and arrived to
Port Angeles seventeen days ago. At j
that time she was erroneously reported j
as being the overdue bark Caradoc. i
Eppinger & Co. subsequently chartered'
her and she reached here this week.
To be absolutely on the safe side. [
Captain Stalling should have taken j
some wheat aboard as stiffening be
fore discharging all his ballast. Wheat !
vessels loading here and at Portland.
however, have been in the habit of re- |
lying only upon the less expensive log i
system of ballast during the interim be- j
tween discharging ballast and loading, j
Capt. Stailing expected to be towed to j
his loading berth to-day. Possibly he had j
some apprehension of danger by wind, ;
for last evening he declined an invita- |
tion to dine and spend the night ashore,
saying his place was aboard his ship.
Twelve men left the ship on Wednes- j
day. The next day ten of them shipped I
on the ship Dirigo for Queensto-wn. j
Apprentice Buck was sent to the hos- j
pital for an operation, and to that fact ;
he owes his life. This reduced the crew ,
to eighteen, of whom not one escaped.
Captain Stailing had been the Ande
lana's master but one year. He had ex
perienced the usual troubles at sea
during his twenty-two years as mas
ter, becoming captain at 20 years of
age, but it remained for the ballast
logs of the Andelana, his empty vessel I
and a heavy squall to mar his record
and send him to the sailors grave.
The Andelana line has become known
for ill luck among shipmasters and un- j
derwriters. A few years ago the An- I
drina went ashore on Vancouver Island. !
It cost $12,000 to clear her of the rocks, i
Subsequently the Andera, bound from \
the sound to South Africa, was lost at \
sea. Then came the Americano, .which,
being out 100 days from Hongkong to ■
the sound, her owners paid 70 guineas
reinsurance on her only to have her j
turn.. up safe and sound.
Captain Staillng's home was Annapo
lis, Nova Scotia, where his widow and
three children live. He had been mas
ter of the ships Truro, ColchesteV, Sa- |
vona nnd Andorhina.
HISTORY OF THE ANDELANA.
The four-masted steel ship Andelana
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SITS DAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
was built in ISB9 at Workington, Eng
land, by R. Williamson & Son. She
was of 2395 tons net burden, 303.7 feet
long, 42.2 feet broad and 24.6 feet deep.
She was owned by the Andelana Sail
ing Ship Company (E. F. and W. Rob
erts) of Liverpool and was well known
I in this port.
The Andelana left Shanghai for Puget
| Sound on November 11 last and while
I several vessels have been wrecked and
■ heavy reinsurance is being paid on
others from that port, she made the
run in the fast time of forty-eight daya
to Port Angeles. From there she was
taken to Tacoma, where she anchored
on the sth inst. Captain G. W. Stall
ing, who was in command of the Ande
lana, was not known on this coast. He
was a Nova Scotian and took command
of the vessel last year. He leaves a
widow and thre<=> children.
The Andelana was last in San Fran
cisco in July, 1897. She was then in
command of Captain Gillis, and on
July 22 of that year sailed for Queens
town with a cargo of wheat. She was
not on this coast again until she came
over in ballast from Shanghai.
ALONZO'S TROOPS ARE
DEFEATED BY REBELS
Bolivia's Revolution Spreads and
Foreign Consuls Have Decided
to Act as Mediators.
LIMA. Peru, Jan. 14.— Reliable advices
from Bolivia say that General Caceres
is detained at L'yuni by order of Presi
dent Alonzo.
According- to the same advices General
Camacho. the head of the Federalist
troops, left La Paz with 2000 men and has
token up a position at Qtienoo. two
leagues from La Paz, on the heights of
the road to Oruro.
President Alonzo's troops were out
flanked by tho Federalists and his ad
vance guard was defeated.
The foreign Consuls at La Paz have de
cided to act as mediators between the
Government troops and the insurgents
with a view to averting bloodshed.
RAIN AT STOCKTON.
San Joaquin Valley Receiving An-
other Mild Wetting.
STOCKTON, Jan. 14.— Another welcome
: rain reached this county last night, and
I continued throughout the night, the pre
cipitation amounting to .34 of an inch
here. The ground is now in condition to
stand a long dry spell, and good crops are
already assured.
BALLARD, Jan. 14.— As a result of the
recent storm, farming operations have
been resumed throughout the Santa Ynez
i Valley. Cattlemen are preparing to re-
I stock the great ranges with animals that
I had been driven to Northern California
; pastures, and orchard cultivation will
proceed in the old-fashioned way. The
San Rafael Rangp, forming- the south
boundary of the Zaca Lake and Pine
Mountain reserve, is now covered with
snow down to the valley foothills, insur
ing good feed on the reservation and
plenty of water in the valley streams.
Colonization of Negroes.
CHATTANOOGA, Tcnn., Jan. 14.— An
application was made to-day by S. J.
Hutchins, J. E. Patton and other lending
colored citizens of this city for. a charter
for the National American Colonization
Association, the object being to organize
branches in the Southern States. The
association is formed with a vjew to eol
nnizing negroes in the West and s.curinir
from Congress a concession to allow col
onies so formed the right of State gov
ernment and representatives in Cinq.-ess
etc. The plan was originated by S j'
Hutchins, a negro lawyer of this tity'
Hutchins gives as a reason for his pro
posed colony "that the people of the
United States should be given an oppor
tunity to see whether the negro is capable
of governing and holding office."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WHY IRELAND IS
CALLED TO ROME
Leo XIII Wants Some
Explanation.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9?, by James Gor
don Uenpett.
ROME, Jan. 14.— With regard to the
visit of Mgr. Ireland, which has caused
so much speculation on both sides of
the Atlantic, I am now in a position to
give some interesting particulars.
Archbishop Ireland, it appears, has at
different times and occasions put him
self forward and made known to the
Pope that he was on very friendly
terms with President McKinley and had
considerable influence with him.
The Pope, wishing above all things
to preserve peace as far as he pos
sibly could, and to do everything in his
power to avoid the Spanish-American
war, naturally was much impressed by
the ambitious and, to say the leas', too
sanguine Archbishop, hence those over
tures which are now historical on th^
part of the Vatican to arrange the
Cuban question on some friendly basis
satisfactory to both parties.
These questions of Intervention, of
bringing about an armistice and other
overtures gave rise to prejudice and to
outspoken opposition in America to the
so-called "clerical influence."
Certain it is that if the Pope made
any great efforts at intervention they
signally failed, and it appears, and is
not to be wondered at under the cir-
eumstanees, that the Vatican is much
displeased at having made overtures
which only invited refusal on the part
of the President to accept them.
Archbishop Ireland is therefore sum
moned to Rome to explain his action in
undertaking to guide the Vatican on
what appears to have been such insuf
ficient grounds for success. .
But this is not all. The question of
a division between the American party,
which is united to the clerical party of
Canada, on one hand, and the Jesuit
party on the other, will be inquired
into. The American party, which ac
knowledges the leadership of Mgr. Ire
land and Cardinal Gibbons, is supposed
to be in sympathy with French influ
ence, if any, while the Jesuit party is
supported by German}-.
Treaty With the Cherokees.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 14.— A special to the
Republic from Muskogee, I. T., says: The
treaty between the United States and
Cherokee nations was signed by the com
mission here to-night. Sargy Sanders and
John Gunter, two members of the Chero
kee committee, refused to sign the treaty.
To become effective the treaty must be
ratified by Congress on or before March
i, In!>9, and by a majority vote of the
Cherokee people.
LARGEST STEAMSHIP
EVER CONSTRUCTED
Launching of the Oceanic, a Vessel Weigh=
ing Half as Much Again as the
Great Eastern.
BELFAST, Jan. 14.— The White Star steamship Oceanic, the largest
steamship ever built, was successfully launched at Harland & Wolf's
yard to-day in the presence of an enormous crowd.
A grand stand was erected to accommodate 5000 people. Among
those present were the Duke and Duchess of Abercorn, Lord and Lady
Dufferin, the Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry, the Earl of
Shrewsbury, the Earl of Ava, the Earl of Shaftesbury, Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach and the Lord Mayor of Belfast.
The Oceanic, unlike the Great Eastern, which was launched broad
sMe, was launched stern foremost, though longer and weighing half as
much again as the Great Eastern.
The Oceanic has a coal capacity sufficient to enable her to cir
cumnavigate the globe at a speed of 12 knots an hour without re
dialing.
She is 704 feet long (24 feet longer than the Great Eastern) and
has a gross tonnage of about 17,000 tons. To walk from her bow to
her stern means a stroll of SOO yards.
The Oceanic, though owned by a private company, has been built
in accord with Admiralty requirements as a merchant cruiser, etc.
HAWAIIAN COURT
REVERSES ITSELF
Chinese Petitioners Re-
fused a Landing.
JUDD RULING SET ASIDE
ASIATICS REMANDED BACK TO
THE COLLECTOR'S CUSTODY.
Chief Justice Files a Dissenting Opin
ion Opposing the Stand
Taken by the
Majority.
HONOLULU, Jan. 7.— A decision filed
fey the Supreme Court yesterday in the
last batch of Chinese habeas corpus
cases disagrees from the former opin
ions oi" Chief Justice Judd, and reverses
the situation completely. In other
words, the Chinese petitioners, who
claimed the right to land in Hawaii by
virtue of certain permits issued to them
prior to annexation, are remanded back
to the custody of Collector McStocker,
to be deported or disposed of as Agent
Brown may elect.
The opinion is by Justice Pefry, and
the opinion is concurred in by Justice
Whiting. Chief Justice Judd signs a
dissenting view, adhering to the opin
ion put forward at the hearing decided
on December 15. Judge Perry's opinion
is very long and embraces a vast deal
of matter. The following is declared
in it:
The joint resolution passed by the Con
gress of the United States on July ti, lfs'JS,
relating to the annexation of the Ha
waiian Islands, provided, inter alia, that
there shall be no further immigration of
Chinese into the Hawaiian Islands, except
upon such conditions as are now or may
hereafter be allowed by the laws of the
United States.
Held, that by virtue of this provision
the United States laws relating to the im
migration and exclusion of Chinese were
extended to and put in force in the Ha
waiian Islands, and are no\y in this coun
try; and further, that Chinese, whether
residing In this country or not prior to
July 7, 1898, to whom permits to enter the
Hawaiian Islands were issued prior to
said date by the Hawaiian Government,
are not excepted by the resolution from
the operation of said United States laws,
but are also subject to the provisions
thereof.
This court is not a court of the United
States and has no jurisdiction, in habeas
corpus proceedings or otherwise, to pass
upon the validity of the appointment of
a Federal officer, or the extent of his
powers under Federal laws, or the legal
ity of the detention by him under such
laws of persons who claim to be illegally
in such custody.
The opinion opens with the papers in
the case, and the particulars of the
view follow. Summing up, the Judge
says :
This statement of the law is clear and
to the point. If in this case there is any
defect in the power of the United States
officer or in his mode of proceeding it is
for the tribunals of the I'nited States to
revise and correct it, and not for this
court. That no United States court has
been established here yet, and that groat
Inconvenience may result from this court's
holding that it has no jurisdiction, cannot
of itself confer jurisdiction upon the
court. The Hawaiian Government had
not and has not the power to confer upon
this court jurisdiction to construe or ju
dicially enforce United States laws, and
the United States Government, though
possessing the power to confer such jur
isdiction, has not yet done so. For such
failure and the inconvenience resulting
therefrom Congress alone is responsible.
The American transport ship Taco
ma, C. Pederson, master, First Lieu
tenant John O'Shea, Fourth Cavalry,
military commander, arrived on the
sth, after a good voyage of thirteen
ami a half days, from San Francisco.
The Tacoma brings 111 mules and a
large quantity of quartermaster and
commissary stores for Honolulu /and
Manila. The mules will be left here and
the horses and mules brought on the
previous trip will be taken on to
Manila. The Tacoma will remain here
for about ten days. \
The Bennington was taking on stores
to-day for her long cruise by way of
Wake Island and Guam to Manila. One
of the most significant things that went
aboard to-day was a seventy-foot cedar
pole, from which the American flag will
float over Wake Island. The Benning
ton sailed this afternoon.
President Dole did not receive a call
to Washington by the last mail.
"I hardly think now that I will go,"
said Mr. Dole this morning, "for the
reason that the committee work is fin
ished and there seems hardly any
necessity for my making the long trip."
DISASTER ON THE SOLANO.
PORT COSTA, Jan. 14.— Two cars loaded
with coal, while being switched on to the
large ferry steamer Solano this morning,
broke loose from the engine and crashed
through the blocks on the tnd of the
steamer, one car going overboard out of
sight into the bay. while one-half of the
Becond car dropped on to the end of the
boat, another half remaining on the
tracks.
The coal was for the use of the Solano,
being placed so that it could be unloaded
into the steamer's bunkers. The hoat be
ing higher in the center where the coal j
bunkers are, the cars had a good start |
and could not be stopped after breaking |
away. The wrecking crew was on its
way to Oakland from Ingomar with the j
wrecked Owl train, and being here at the
time of the accident was called upon to
remove the sunken car, the tide being
high until this evening. It is expected
the Solano can pass over the sunken car
all right and transfer passenger trains
without delay. .
No one was injured, but two men were
on the cars at the time setting the hand
brakes, and only escaped being carried
along by jumping from the runaway
cars.
MRS. WALTERS
WILL NOT TALK
Throws No Light on the
Napa Tragedy.
MAY SOON HAVE TO TESTIFY
WILL BE A WITNESS AT THE
PRELIMINARY HEARINGS.
Her Knowledge of the Killing of
Cook May Be Used Against Mc-
Kenzie, but Not Against
; Her Husband.
Sueclal Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. Jan. 14.— While little of mys
tery now attaches to the part Jesse
Walters and ex-Sheriff McKenzie took
in the slaying of Alfred Cook, Mrs.
Walters remains the sphinx of the sit
uation. Neither friend nor foe has
been able to break through her barri
cade of "I don't care to answer." "I
have no statement to make at this
time." "I will neither affirm nor deny
anything."
Among the questions which she could
answer, to the advancement of justice,
are: Whether she in reality sought
employment for Cook with Mc-
Kenzie; whether she wrote to Cook to
j come to Napa; whether she had knowl
edge of the man hunt by her husband
and McKenzie, with Cook as the game,
! and whether she knew what her hus
; band's purpose was in hunting down
her alleged lover.
Under the protection which the laws
I extend over the relations between man
; and wife, neither can be compelled to
| testify against the other, nor can one
testify against the other, even if will
ing to do so, if objection is made by the
one on trial. So Mrs. Walters cannot
be made a witness in the proceedings
against her husband.
In the case of McKenzie, however,
the way is open to place Mrs. Walters
under examination. McKenzie will be
tried on the charge of murder in the
first degree, as having aided and abet
ted in the killing of Cook, and, accord
ing to the Supreme Court of this State,
Mrs. Walters can be used as a witness
against McKenzie, even should her tes
timony inplicala her nusband. Such
testimony, however, could not be used
against her husband, and so far as
Walters is concerned would count for
nothing against him.
It is the expressed purpose of District
Attorney Bell to place Mrs. Walters on
the stand, as he is particularly anxious
to clear several matters which he has
not yet made public.
Among the effects of Cook now in
possession of the Sheriff are a number
of letters, one presumed to have been
written to him by Mrs. Walters, in
forming him of the situation open for
him in the stable of McKenzie.
The point which the prosecution de
sires to establish is the genuineness of
this letter. It would cause no surprise
lif it proved to be a forgery. But should
I it be acknowledged by Mrs. Walters the
; prosecution will seek to learn whether it
was written in good faith by Mrs. Wal-
I ters, or whether she was deceived or
I possibly coerced into writing it.
Another damaging bit of evidence
! that will be produced later is that Cook
was known to have possessed a 38
--caliber revolver, but not a 32-caliber,
! such as was found in the box-stall.
i The preliminary hearings will have
! much of fresh interest besides these
matters, as the prosecution has con
siderable evidence that it deemed un
advisable or unnecessary to -roduce be
fore the coroner's inquest. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1881 I Success for Eighteen Years. | icqq
I | Practice Extensive and Increasing. I
IF A MANJOUNG OR OLD,
/ ■ • - 7
Feels weak physically his mental faculties cannot possibly be at their best:
failures and discouragements come thick and fast, and he gets no enjoyment
out of life. This applies especially to victims of Nervous Debility— who
have ignored the laws of nature in various ways. If death does hot come to
them prematurely they soon become mental and physcial wrecks, virtually
dead to ther selves and to the world.'
FOUNDED 1881. A SUCCESS FOR EIGHTEEN YEARS.
If men who are puny, debilitated, despondent and disheartened with life
and its prospects, and those who are suffering with a contracted ailment
will place themselves under treatment at the great medical Institution of
DR. MEYERS & CO. they will regain perfect health, strength and robust
manhood in the shortest time consistent with a permanent cure.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are competent and reliable. They have been cur-
ing men for more than eighteen years. They have better and more success-
ful methods and remedies than other physicians. DR. MEYERS & CO
have an extensive practice, which is increasing every month. •
NO PAY TILL CURED. FREE ADVICE. HOME CURES.
PUT THE MONEY IN BANK-Patients DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest
•who have the least doubt about being and best equipped medical institution and
cured may dc-toslt the price of a cure In j the most extensive practice in America
any bank or with any well-known busi- Home cures a specialty. If you cannot
ness house or newspaper In San Francisco. call, write for free book for men only ad
such deposit NOT to be paid to Dr. Mey-vice and treatise on any disease All' let
ers & Co. until the patient is convinced I ters confidential. ■ No printing O n en ve"
that he is permanently currd. • |l Qr , c*e * or packages ' " s on cine "
If patlentH prefer they may pay in Prices reasonable In all cases whether
monthly installments, or they may pay the the sufferer is rich or doL whether
entire orice for a cure .lirect to the doc- All cures are lasting ,= r v- i
tors and thus obtain a liberal discount. sonous or dangerous "dreg* fever 'dispensed:
DR. MEi/ERS & CO., 731 Mark *r*.'
" w * can Francisco.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Ho™ 8 to 5 daily. Evening 7 to 8. Bnnday, 9 to 11.
~ —I Largest and B?st Equipped I" —
1881. Mejical i nstit!ltloil in Amgric3 1899.
SEEKERS OF GOLD
SLAIN BY INDIANS
Crimes Charged to Por
cupine Creek Reds.
MURDER LONE PROSPECTORS
MINERS HALTED AND BOBBED
OF THEIR SUPPLIES.
The Trib? Has a Grudge Against the
Whites Because Some of Its
Braves Were Shot for
Stealing. <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. Jan. 14.— After a terribly
rough pat-sage from Lynn Canal the
steamer Amur arrived this morning
with a number of late comers from
Dawson and tht trails. Those from
Skaguay bring n-^ws that the Indians
in the neighborhood of Porcupine Creek
are very aggressive and are reported
to have murdered a number of lone
prospectors. A. J. Plantag, a recent
arrival at Skaguay from the new
American gold fields, says in the
Skaguay Alaskan that the . Siwashes
there are very insolent, and whenever
they catch a prospector alone they
make him "divvy" on "grub" and other
supplies, and if he objects they take
what they want through force of num
bers.
He tells of two men who had pro
ceeded up the Alsek River on a pros
pecting tour having been robbed by a
band of about twenty young bucks.
The prospectors camped one night <>n
the river bank, some thirty miles above
Haines Mission. No gign of Indiana
was apparent, but suddenly from the
surrounding brush there appeared a
gang of Siwashes, who immediately
proceeded to overhaul the pair's ef
fects and demanded to be given some
of them. To pacify the horde a great
amount of supplies was yielded up. The
Indians then went away.
The balance of the prospectors' sup
plies was taken far up a gulch and hid
den, because they expected the raid
would be repeated. After a two days'
stop In their camp they wont up the
gulch to get their hidden supplies, in
tending to proceed up the river. But
Indians had stolen everything. There
was nothing to do but turn about and
make for a base of supplies.
It is said that the mysterious disap
pearance of many prospectors going
into that country is laid at the door
of these Indians. Mr. Plantag says
that many have been murdered in the
wilds of that land. The tribe dwelling
there is the most insolent of all In
dians of the far north and claim to
have a grievance against th" white man
because some years ago "Jack" Dalton
taught them a lesson in honesty. He
is said to have shot some who were
stealing from a cache. Since then they
let his stuff alone. However, they have
taken several shots at him and declare
they will make him bite the dust.
In the meantime, Indian fashion, they
seek vengeance on any unprotected
prospector who ventures into that sec*
tion.
Victim of the Jewel Wreck.
CAHTO, Jan. 14.— William Home, second
engineer of the steamer Jewel, wrecked
and lost at Caspar yesterday, died of his
injuries to-day. He was unmarried and
had no relatives in the I'nited S1
He was a native of Canada, about 40
years of age. The burial will take placp
at Caspar to-morrow under the direction
of the Marine Engineers.HOUNDS THAT
CUT UP THE
GREEN GRASS
at Ingleside
oursing Park.
; AND DOGS RAN WELL
E WINNERS OF TO
DAY'S MEETING.
in Beauty. Joy Bells, Jennie
tad Cavalier Expected
Be in the Final Rounds
of the Stake.
■-. ■-.vithstanding the threatening weath
• managers of the Ingleslde Cours
• : ark were agreeably surprised at
• .■■_- the large and enthusiastic crowd
; ort lovers that was present to wit
..:..-- the rundown of the non-winners'
- ske yesterday.
I\y.a pool boxes were kept busy all day
dhg in and tying out hard coin. The
;> rsinp was of the usual high class and
.:.<: a dissenting voice was ■ ard against
■&bj- of the decisions given by the prince
. coursing judges, John Grace, whose
rures, telling the points made in each
■ .:><■•. appear immediately after a race
on the — blackboard.
The hares ... with their usual vim and
- "'i. many of them making their es
cape, much to the gratification of the
-Li.'jxough sportsmen, who are always
"pleased to see the little "jacks" give their
opponents the "go by."
•: Asn^ns tile dogs that ran well and
..Bnotlla give good accounts of themselves
to-day. are Flying Faster, Bonita. Jennie
Wilson; Snarshot. Joy Bells, Tod Sloan,
•^loUntain Beauty. Sylvia, Diana and Lady
■BtrscheJ. The sportsmen who have made
■..a, ■ s-Vuay of the game are of the opinion
! t-ha-t Jpy Bells,. Jennie Wilson. Lady Her
schea.an^ Mountain Beauty will be in the
tirrish of the great stake. Certainly Moun
tain.'Beauty and Joy Bells ran splendidly
yesterday, and will doubtless be contest
.•injr...-in the final rounds for the "long.
'gT'eon"." The result of tbe rirst day's
•nieeting is appended:
\ Ingleside Coursing Park: Non-winners' stake,
,• t'lul. .jturse $700- The run down: Lady Grace
■.-,bfcat.-Uentle Annie, score 11—2; rtyr teat
' •■■.Ma->,t>:ri ice, 4—l: Flying Faster beat .'■.r-man.
\.V-5; : Kor:ita beat Peaceful Glen, 12 I; Jenny
•.••jyrUspn beat Bernice, s— »; Senorita beat Miss
. •■.•Sk-yt.iall. S — 4; Jesse Moore beat Kerry Gow,
•V^'"'; rfedora beat White Tip. 5—4: Tullamore
; .b(-a!fl:>auntHfss, -s—l;5 — I; Nelly B beat Sunbeam.
" :..tf^.";-"t.vjnqueror beat Decency. S — Babe Mur
' . J3hy.;:"b*-at Emerald. 3—2; Silkwood beat Miss
- : . :-Diviclend. 11-6: Snapshot beat Scout. 5—3:
i. f C-aVftKer beat Loyalty. 3-2; Rocklin Belle beat
.■■Xyrpf,: -13— T: Joy B*lls beath Maid of Ball,
•I;W-i>; : Quickst'tch beat Arab, 9—2-: Tod Sloan
■ ■'/-.be'aj- -Hayseed. 9—2; Prince of Fashion beat
. : SB&Vdhit, 4—2; Lady Gilmore beat White
'V'-Wtto. I*—*: Revolver beat Mystic Maid. 8 —
■.•••InteJ-ewir.e beat Black Lock, 5—2; Mountain
!£ Beauty i beat Torsido, 20—9; Statesman beat
.- vMenisha, I*— 9; Sylvia beat Glenrosa, s—l5 — 1
'••; IjAdy-Herfschel b eat van Kirk, g — 1; Matchless
..-,-b:%t Jowa. Girl. 7—4; Miss Grizzle b°at Free
•.',.' Silver, f— 3: Miss Alice beat Liberty, 2— Log
-....' Boy 'b>at Hattel. 10—6; Commodore Nash beat
: ■.■■"'Hercules. 24—21; Galivant beat Petmnius, 16— >;
'wP^atixV beat Black Pattl. 11—7; Van Needa
: ,*.tK>at* woodbine. .«—.": O. K. Capitol beat Bend
.yo,hin£ -11— j; Sylvanius beat Iron Duke, 4—l;
•■ -Prpcita Girl beat Sweet Marie. ? — 0: Red
;--:jCl3ua'ra'n a ■fcj-^-; Florence N beat Counterfeit,
•';-. 64.-3. . ..'.'■ ■• • ■
AT UNION PARK.
. i'.G-enornl Dissatisfaction Over the De- !
.'.. .;■•;-■■;•■ .■'-.-•' cisions in Two Events.
■%;}. rJ'fiXeres't in'?r n rt seems to bo •xiner
"'; : :?:t-J.~cAbn .Coursing Park. There was an I
'..■raffr.daace limited to a .small cluster of !
j .""--ttieh" on- the grounds yesterday, and the |
'•■•■■ ■on:?" fr)ol stand, which kept on deck to
,:.'••.' ei've -the place an appearance of prosper
,;' :-ltjiys measured very poor returns. There
■;'•. •■w-p.'s- general dissatisfaction over the de- i
v;'.\.c^!sldns ctl two particular courses, and |
■:~ 'some people who had money on the losing
•.. "jdps-R-raved and swore to never set foot
: •••.cfi • the grounds again.
■ •...•■"T.he. first event which troubled the sports
•• •■ ".was the course between Pretei and
-.. '{klisrhtfoot- Prfctender was a 3 to 1 short
•• ."f-n<-l. and .after the tussle was over his
: '•./.k^kers jumped into line to cash their
■•»,! ph«ls. They were suddenly dropped out
;■■"'■• ;.>.£ nin-. hawever. when the flag announc
••■■Viinp-Licrhtfoot the winner went up. Ac
:; r ;' : ".eofding to many of the sports present
• "'/■■ Pretender should have been accorded the
. j><tiecf@ton. ■ - :
.. '■':.- .The -next dissatisfaction was felt over
■'". ' ~tbe -result of a course in the Puppy stake
■ ::') y-tw'een Rollicking Airs and Prince
.■.■.;::J'.-rbme. Prince Jerome's backers and a
•' '.'•'■ '"'■nfiYnJier- of disinterested parties assert
".-•'-'Vlivit'jhis dog should have had the honors,
::l';i.t- the judge declared for Rollicking
/:'.;■ Af-cs.
■■■■).. -.The results were as follows:
■':■ ' Open stake— R. E. de B. L-I'.-z's Rochester
■• : ': ; . : .K : a: .VI Austin's Trinket; R. E. de B. Lopez's
■ ■.• : .lfinneapoUs t)* a t Tosemite Kennel's Wild Las
'■ •.'•slrt: 'A. Massey's Lightfoot beat Aeneid Ken
'" >'a^l'a Pretender; X*n«id Kennel's Maid of Erin
- .' -tAjt-Larkey & RocTc's Myrtle; John Kerrigan's
'•.■f'St: OiTtrude b*at' 1-arkey A Ttock's Minerva;
'•*•>'. Handy & Pmitli"^ Victor "QUeen beat J; Flynn's
'. :...• Jfifr-ksnipip; W. F. Hobb\s Mercy May beat P.
'. • J.- Itilpy's Master Mat; J. S^rgereon's Cande
" i tarv4,-V>**i- K-l Kv*«'s Hurricane; Yr.semite
: :V-K^nriol'ij Beauty Hpot beat r. J. Cronin's
■ ••"T^rrnhil 1 .: R- E: da n. pei's Green Valley
;..Mai;l beat E. M. Kel'.oeff's Old Glory; Handy
•••■.& -Smith's VictOT 'beat Eclipse- Kennel's Tarn
. "•'. o',«hanter; J. Dean's, Gladiator beat E. Uau
•'.. .nieister's O'Grftdy; Aeneid- Kennel's -Tea Rose
•;•• "tbeit T. 'Rroihy'a Jim H; E. -M. Kellogjfe
'l.Oltfn Chire beat J. F. WVhmeyer's One Spot;
:.-;. ; ADV£KTISEMENTS. !
Drunkenness Cured
■ .■
-.'-•■■'.■ ' ■ — — — -:•■•>
• It Is ; Now Within the Reach of I
Every Woman to Save
;"• ' the Drunkard. . :
>!:-:a : TRIAL package free.
;•<■. .Ttie Remedy Can Be Given in Tea,
;': .•; -■; Coffee op Food, Thus Absolutely
;■' I-'*; '• and Secretly Curing the Pa-
: ; J: . tient in a Short Time
: > .- : : ■■. Without His Knowl-
: ■"'••■;,•.■.■ h'-\ ' edge.
■« V MWs cure for Drunkenness ha« Fhed a radl-
:.-.'•• attce -rnto thousand* of hitherto desolate Hre-
•' : . - Sides, -It does its work to silently and - -irely
.••■•• .. tfrat jvhile the devoted wife, slstsr or daughter
.•.- -iooks on, the drunkard is reclaimed even
■•■■ agalpst-hla will and without his knowledge or
•f- go-operation. The discoverer of this jtrand
.. '•■ remedy. Dr. Haines, will send a sample of the
■; .." remedy free to all %vho will write for it. Enough
;,.-.:. pf- the- remedy is mailed free to show how it is
.■ . •" ilsed in tea, coffee or food and that it will cure
•'.■-• -the 'dreaded habit quletlyand perrr.JLnently. Send
'-.'.i-our. name and address to Dr. J. W. Hatnes
•'-. •■'•'llS Glenn building, Cincinnati, Ohio, enclosing
.':'• ..six cents In atami to cover tajre and he
. ."-■• will mall ■ free sample of the remedy to you,
[;'•: -securely sealed in a plain wrapper, also full
:; -'-d.:-recttons' how to use It. books and testimonials
"•".•" from hundreds who ha\-e been cured, and every-
•' -thing needed to aid you In saving those near
' a*id dear to you from a life of degradation and
■ ■'• ultimate poverty, and disgrace.
•■■■ ' Send -for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
• .. :•/. Xh.t rest of your life.
■ '.:\':..- .
: q vi.it OR. JORDAN'S Great
i^r Museum of Anatomy
■■" ' I SMI 1051 IUSZXT ST. te 6ti 4 7th, S. r. C*L
'■:'.' ■ » 3 ■ Tk« L»rseitontikindlntl>eT«tia.
'" I Mil DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
•: : i; M I of Marriage.
. ■ ■'.■. ''.■' A m MAILED rntK.
BROUGHT HOME A DOG
WITH A BROKEN HEART
WHEN the Astor Battery arrived in this city yesterday the boys
brought with them a little four-footed friend around whose life
hangs a pathetic little tale of real life which sounds almost like
fiction. The animal is just an ordinary little scraggy fox terrier
bearing the unpoetlc name of Boojum, but if ever dog suffered from a
broken heart Boojum was that dog.
He was originally the property of £ I Major Holme? of the Astor
Battery. When the battery was organize-! in New York the major did not
want to part from his lively little canine friend, and accordingly took him
along as a mascot. Everybody petted the little fellow. He was lively and
intelligent, as all his breed are. and any one who would hurt Boojum would
be called to account speedily.
When the battery shipped for Manila Boojum was the life of the ship.
When everybody else was suffering from the dreaded mal-de-mer Boojum
was skipping merrily around the d*--k, wasging his stump of a tail and
happy as a clam at" high water. The sight of him cheered the weary ones,
and he caused many a laugh.
But it was at Manila that the little dog distinguished himself; it was
at Manila that his master fell, and it was at Manila that the joy went out
of thr- heart of the faithful pet.
During the battle, when death and destruction was flying In the air.
Boojum. lik^ his master, was in the heat of the battle. The whole thing
seemed a nay's sport for the dog. He cavorted, barked merrily, and when
a bullet would stir up .1 little cloud of dust near him would make a rush for
it and bite up a mouthful of earth.
Then came th<- change. Somebody missed Major Holmes and his dog.
After the battle they found them together. The major lay stiff and cold in
death and his pet. his mascot Boojum. stood by his side, licking the cold
face of his master and whining piteously . They took the body
away and the dog slunk silently after it, giving vent occasionally to a
piteous, half-human cry of grief.
When the major was buried it was thought that the dog would die of
grief. Day after .-' on the grave and would not be comforted.
When the regiment finally left he was with great difficulty coaxed aboard
the transport, but has never be* n known to ft 'lie or give vent to his merry
bark since the Spanish bullet robbed him of his master.
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell beat Milo Ken
nel s irma; E. M. Kellogg 1 s Prince Georg- beat .
M. London's Shaxkey; J. Seggenon's hlte j
Chief beat E. M. Kellogg's Pet Kirby: Pasha i
Kennel's Firm Friend beat ivmbroke Kennel s
Magic: J. Dean's Brllllantine beat T. Gaffany s j
Sir John Arnot: Euchre Kennel's Right Bower .
beat Aeneid Kennel's Bona Dea: Euchre Ken- j
nel's Left Bower beat George Ehraann's :
Pasha: H. F. Anderson's Crawford Braes beat
Ed Evatt's Vigilant; T. Butler's Su»le L*at I
Euchre Kennel's Ace of Clubs; Pembroke Ken- !
nel's Terrona beat J. H Smith's Merced; J. J. |
Edmond's Morning Glory beat O. Shannon's ;
Faultless Beauty; F. Moran's False Flatterer
beat Pasha Kennel's Santa Alicia; Eclipse
Kennel's Crosspatch beat G. Lahnsen's Fire
ball; Pasha Kennel's Pocahontas beat C. L.
Appleby's Clare B; Euchre Kennel's Rosebud
beat Mllo Kennel's Kentish Girl; D. Hooper's
Koolawn beat Pembroke Kennel's Fleeting
Fancy; F. Moran's Golden Russet beat H. B.
Robben's Dlxaon Maid, and Aeaeid Kennel's
Van Clole beat George Lahnsen's Wheel of For
tune.
Puppy stake— George Whitney's Daisy beat
Pasha Kennel's Rod of Ash; T. Sullivan's |
Maid of Hill beat J. Murnane's Wolf Tone: ;
\V. Jones' RuEtan beat H. Brader's Belmont
Boy; Dailey & Srebeln's Shylock Boy beat
Orient Kennel's Golden Rod; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Santiago beat T. J. Cronin's Depend
On Me: George Whitney's Pyramus beat R. E.
de B. Lopez's Santa Rita: R. E. de B. Lopez's
Santa Ana beat Pasha Kennel's Rings Around;
Pasha Kennel's Rollicking Airs beat W. J.
Jones' Prince Jerome; W. J. Jones' Lady !
Marion beat M. Tiernay's Van Brax; Yosemlte I
Kennel's Winning Lassie beat M. Tiernay's
Mary Ann; Pasha Kennel's Recent Arrival
beat Yosemite Kennel's Banner Boy; F. Her
ring's St. Elmo beat Ycsemlte Kennel's Bound- ;
ing Belle.
NEWS OF~ THE WEEK
IN YACHTING CIRCLES
The San Francisco Yacht Club has at !
last removed its "ways" from the yard of
Menotti, at North Sausalito, and has re
built them in an improved manner upon J
the shore of. Hurricane Guieh. between .
the Walhalia and the quarters of the Pa- '
cific Yacht Club. The club has acquired
from E. \V. Hopkins two handsome cedar j
Japstreak rowboats, which may be used ,
by -members for rowing .excursions on the
bay. They are eighteen feet long, and i
will carry seven or eight people com- ,
fortably.
On Wednesday evening a meeting of the
San Francisco Yacht Club was held at
the Merchants' Exchange. There will be
several changes in the board of directors.
Recording Secretary Charles B. Hill has
sent in his resignation, as his work is
likely to call him away from the city sev
eral times during the year: Vice Commo
dore G. T. S. \\ bite will decline re-elec
tion, and Treasurer K. B. Hogue expects
to return to Australia about May. It is
not unlikely that E. C. Bartlett, owner '
of the yawl Frolic, and formerly financial ,
secretary of the club, will be placed on !
the directorate. He has for many years
been an enthusiastic yachtsman, and is
a resident of Satjsalito.
WITH THE GOLFERS.
News of the Links in Other Parts of
the State.
The open competitions of the tourna
ment recently held by the Los Angeles
County Club on its link? at Pi
to have been held on January 2, but
the weather on that date . . | that
they were postponed. But last Saturday,
the 7th, was a fine day in Los Angeles.
the link? had dried alter the rain, and
were in good condition for play. For the
first event, the open amateur competition
for m^n, thirty-six holes, medal play,
there were twenty-five entries, ten from
Los Angeles Country Club, three from
Highland Park, two from the Pasadena
Country Club, two from Redondo, two
from Riverside, two from Denver, nn?
from Catalina, one from Duarte and two
from pla'.es not named. The scores are
given herewith:
iver—
". E. Orr. . Pasa. Country Club! 16*
W, Cosby: L. A. Country Club! 177
M. S. Severance..'... L. A. Country Clv 184
E. C. Jones...;. L. A. Country Clv IS3
C E. Maude.'....:.... Riverside C. £ ....... IS3
A., Butcher .Riverside C. C... I IS6
H. May......:.........,E. A. Country Clubj" 188
J. F. 5art0r!.... ...'...1L. A. Country Club 191
R. H. H. Chapman. L. A. Country Club, 194
W. A. Young ....|Duarte C. C 196
I. E. Cook : L. A. Country Club 196
J. H. P. Voorhees.... I Denver C. C 201
E. Tufts.-. ......... ;... L. A. Country Club 201
J. F. Nlcoll ......;L. A. Country Club 2^3
11, w. Vail L. A. Country Club 208
K. Jones L. A. Country Club 213
R. J. C. W00d. .... ..(Denver C. C 213
N\ W. Howard... Ilighl'd Park C. C 214
P. Rowan... .". . Pasa. Country Club 227
5. Bates jCatallna C. C | 229
A.. J. Morgan ! Hlghl'd Park C. C. 230
A. R. Warner :. Redondo C. C 233
A.. F. 80rden......... Redondo C. C 234
Robertson Hlghl'd Park C. C. 24S
J. A. Parker. IHighl'd Park C. C. 272
C. E. Orr of the Pasadena Country Club
won the gold medal for the best gross
score and the honor of having his name,
address and score engraved on the Los
Angeles open competition cup. W. Cosby
of the Los Angelas Country Club won
the silver medal for the second best gross
In the open competition for women,
eighteen holes, medal play, there were
sixteen entries— fourteen from Los An
geles and two from Santa Monica. The
scores were as follows:
Player*.
trs Hugh Vail L- A. Country Club 130
Irs' J D. Foster |L. A. Country Club 133
[tss Crouch |L- A. Country Club 134
Irs Sartor! I- A. Country Club 141
Irs Porter «* A. Country Club 144
liss Silent !*• A. Country Club 144
Mas McCrae D- A Country Club 145
Irs. Bartllng ;.... '- A. Country Club 165
Irs J. Griffith.. ..;..'|L. A. Country Club 174
Irs Warner D. A. Country Club) 178
trs. Ryan Santa Monica I 178
iu rg .Wells of Santa Monica. Mrs. Sever-
I pt.-- Mrs. Monroe, Mrs. Bundrum and
Mrs Tufts, of the Los Angeles. Country
Club, made no returns. Mrs. Hugh Vail
won the gold medal for best gross score
and also the honor of having her name
and score engraved upon 'h- club cup.
Mrs J D. Foster won the silver medal
for the second best gross score.
The open driving competition for men
' was won by C. B. Orr of Pasadena, with
a drive of ISS yards, W. Cosby being sec
ond, with a drive of about 170 yards. The
; open driving competition for women was
1 won by Mrs. Hugh Vail, with a drive of
! 100 'yards, Mrs. F. Griffith being second,
with a drive of 97 yards. First and sec
ond prizes were awarded in both tr^so
competitions. It is to be presumed that
the distances were measured to ui< bjjot
where the balls fell, not who-e they
rolled.
After the tournament dinner was served
in the club house to a large number of
guests. More than three hundred spec-
I tators watched the tournament.
A'T\-an<?ei^nid.fle cm rurnlturo and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAMi, SUNDAY, JANUARY: 15, 1899.
BRAVED INFECTION IN
THE NAME OF HUMANITY
DR. TILLMAN CARES FOR A VA-
RIOLOID PATIENT.
It Was Thought to Be a Case of
Smallpox, but Investigation
Proved Otherwise.
What was suspected to be a case of
smallpox caused considerable flurry at the
health office yesterday and elicited nota
ble heroism on the part of an interne.
Word was brought to the health of
ficials that a well defined case of the
dread disease existed at a Post street
lodging house. Investigation proved that
a young man named Tully, Just arrived
from the south, had become alarmed
while on the train by the appearance of
blotches on his person, and since his ar
rival in the city had grown rapidly sick,
while the rush continued to spread. The
case was diagnosed as varioloid. but
Health Inspectors Crow and P.e^amin
were ordered to take art precautions by
burning carpets, furniture, etc.. in the
young man's room, which was also thor
oughly fumigated.
\oung Tuiiy himself was removed to
the Twenty-sixth Street Hospital. Here
Dr. Tillman, an Interne of the City and
County Hospital, nobly volunteered to go
and remain, giving the- sick man all the
medical attention possible and braving
possible
Baseball at Recreation Park.
The Seattle baseball players, beaded by
the redoubtable ''Tacks" Parrott, will
make their last appearance In ;hls city
at Recreation Park this afternoon. They
have won two of the five games which
go to make up the championship series,
and are anxious to add another victory
to-day. Their opponents will be the Oak
iar.ls. and a brisk game is anticipated by
the men who follow the fortunes of the
national jram^. Doyle will be in the pitch
er's box for the aergregation from across
the bay. while the men from the north
will be represented by either Whalen or
Andrew.
This will close the season of professional
baseball. The new season will see many
changes in the personnel of the teams,
and a marked improvement is expected
in the game.
To-Day's Handball Games.
For to-day'a gamea at Phil Ryan's
handball court, 868 Howard street, the
schedule announced is as follows:
D. J. Sheehan and N. J. Prondergast vs.
L. Waterman and E. McDonough.
J. Dowling and J. Collins vs. J. White
and E. Curley.
E. Lynch and A. J. Griffith vs. Dr. W.
H. Steberst and T. Quinn.
E. Barry and J. Kirby vs. M. Kirby and
D. Regan.
T. Lynch and R. Housman vs. J. Condon
and T. Lydo/i.
J. Riordan and M. Dillon vs. If. J. Kil
gallon and E. Maloney.
J. C. Xealon and R. Linehan vs. T. F.
Bonnet and A. Hampton.
Steel-Die Engraving.
The greatest care is given to the en
graving and stamping of fine stationery
with monograms and crests by Cooper &
CO., the art stationers, 746 Market street.*
Our Beloved Mr. Pickwick.
If Mr. Pickwick i* not a gentleman (of
course, not in the heraldic sense), who is?
Who was ever more courteous and con
•te and (despite Mrs. Bardell and the
lady in yellow curl papers) more blame
leys in his relations with women? Who
more gayly put himself in peril to rescue
virtue in distress I Who was more fiery
on the point of honor, even if his attitude
of self-defense was unscientific? In whom
■ mark a hand more open, a heart
murr ti r.uer or more eager ro forgive?
Indeed, Mr. Pickwick seems "scarce other
than my own ideal knight," though "a
knight sin amor," like the good Earl
Marlschal. His foibles are amiable; his
scutcheon Is white as the pennon of Brian
Tunstal. He did not shun the bowl; nor
did Socrates, who, to be sure, like Dr.
Johnson, had the stronger head. These
isea of the Piekwickians are to be
taken in a Pickwickian sense; they are
as symbolical as Maeterlinck, and infi
nitely more entertaining.
As to the method or plot, Pickwick has
none, and needs none. It is not a novel,
but something far better; it is Pickwick,
the breviary of kindly men. "Delightful
Look:" as Thackeray cries when Dugald
Dalgetty's name comes into his mind.
"To think of it is to want to jump up and
take it down from the shelf." It opens to
v.- a world literally crowded. with human
beings, of whom the least important even
ar>- permanent creations, friends whom
we do not forget.— Andrew Lang in The
Fortnightly Review.
A Murderer's Suicide.
The suicide in New Zealand the other
day of Louis Charms recalls the tragic in
cident of which he was the central tigmre
some years ago. A neighbor of Chemis,
near Wellington, was found murdered. He
had been shot at close range with an old
fashioned muzzle-loader, and a piece of
newspaper that had been used for wad
ding was found in the wound. The news
paper itself was subsequently discovered
In chpmis' house, and he was in the end
convicted of murder and sentenced to
death. A few days afterward the counsel
who defended him fell ill of typhoid and
died. He had shown signs of illness dur
ing the trial, and a feeling got abroad
that, owing to this fact, the convict had
not been thoroughly well defended. He
was reprieved, and -"-ears later, on the
occasion of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee,
he was liberated entirely. Nobody would
employ him. and the other day he bought
a dynamite cartridge, put it in his mouth,
lit the fuse, and blew off his head.—Lon
don Pall Mall Gazette.
Sikh Regulations.
A Bet of regulations, intended to dis
tinguish the Sikhs Irrevocably from those
around them, was the rule of the Five
Kakkas. Every Bikh must have with him
five things beginning with the letter k,
viz.: Kesa (long hair), kangha (a comb),
karada (a knife), kirapana (a sword) and
kacha (breeches reaching to the knee).
The purpose of these rules was that every
Sikh should avoid shaving, as do Moham
medans and Hindus, and should be con
stantly armed and free from the long gar
ments* that might impede him in a fight.—
The New World.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
SAN RAFAEL
STAKES TAKEN
BY HUGH PENNY
Was Grandly Ridden
by Nash Turner.
JOE ULLMAN FINISHEDSECOND
BOOKMAKERS HARD HIT AT IN
GLESIDE.
Tortoni Again Captured the Hurdle
Event — Imperious Scores An
other Win for Pat Dunne.
Corsine a Clever Colt.
The coat of Hugh Penny shone like the
surface of an imported plate mirror and
the old champion failed to show his years
as he faced the barrier at Ingleside yes
day, favorite for the Sari Rafael Selling
stakes. With him reposed the hopes and
considerable available capital of the Sat
urday crowd. Of the other three pieces
of racing hardware opposed to Penny,
Joe Ullman looked the sturdiest and was
a heavily played second choice. The duel
between the two proved a great one, as
Batsuma and Topmast cut a very small
figure. Tht^ start was made in front of
the stand and Turner immediately Balled
off in front with the favorite. Well into
the back stretch Rutter. astride Jo*' I'il
man, drew up on equal terms with 1'•
and the pair raced head and head ;
far turn. Here possibly Rutter made an
error. Instead of keeping the first choice
pinned to the rail, compelling him t"
the worst going to the run homi
forced his mount to the front. "\Vh.
stretch was reached Turner turned
and getting the dry footing was ena
in a drive to lead r'llman past the
less than a length. The victory was a
popular one and in all likelihood the best
horse won. Satsuma disposed of Topmast
for third money.
The members of the ring did not t
the afternoon proceedings in the
The talent early develped a t
let their coin ride on the chances of the
first choice, and as four of th.- six won
the majority of the books had bellows
to mend. . . ... . 
Barney Schr^iber furnished the xavonte
for the opening event, a seven furlong
run, decided under selling conditions, in
Ri s-beau. Starting at even money.
Jack Ward up, she showed hrst >■•
many roils had been traversed, and
comfortably from Prince Tyrant,
dale, ridden by Bullman. away from the
post poorly, finished a strong third.
After capturing the mile hurdle
on Friday. Tortoni showed to
repeater by taking the mile and a q\
handicap over five obstacles. As
as 10 t > l was again obtainable about the
"Upper," and he won in impressive style
from the 7 to 10 favorite Ferrier.
;■, the veteran sprinter, an
knocking at the door, ran a dangerously
close third. .
An eU-nv-nt of luck probably ngur<
the win of Corsine, odds on choice for the
six furlong sprint for thr~<»-year-olds. The
Corrigan colt was slow to get in motion,
and for a time it looked as if the black
filly Sombre would •"roll in." At the
h turn Spencer, on i
wide turn threw the race away, enabling
Corslne to win handsomely. Th
f.-ll to Judge W"fTord.
The tirst venture out of Aoolprt Spreck
els on Thursday, wh^n he was a 1
shot, evidently worked wonders, f t
bay g-lding went into the star
a 9 to 10 favorite for the sevpn fui
selling affair that followed. At the end
he was easily disposed of by T<>m I'rora
well, the mount of Thorpe, and second
choice in the betting.
In the hands of Pat Dunne. Imperious
appears a veritable "Hind A .
favorite for the closing event, also at
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE KACE TRACK. Saturday. Jan. 14. 1899.— Thirty-first
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather cloudy; track
sloppy.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
|£» FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I
:. Horse. Age. Weight. St
4m.
!
4m.
4m.
Sir.
Fin. '
Jockeys.
SOS Rosebeau. 3 89 2
480 Prince Tyrant, 4.... 114 3
500 Casdale, 3 106 6
m Guilder, 3 111! 1
(504) Merops. 3 104 4
509 Doremus. 3 .... 94} a
1 1
2 1
4 1
3 3
5 2
6
2 2
1 ?
4 2
34
6
—13
1 n
2 2
I 1
42
5 1
6
1 h
2 2
34
4 2
5 1
6
11 [X Ward
2 n [Thorpe
310 jßullman
4 2 J. Shields
510 Rutter
6 |J. Reiff
4-5
1
2
8 .
10
I
1
4
3
30
30
IS
Time— 4, -254; 4. SO*; %. 1:01%: 4. 1:31. Winner, B. Schreiber's b. f. by Flambeau-
imp Fairy Rose. Bad start. Won. handily. Second and third driving.
With an even break. Casdale would have won hands down. Rosebeau held the Prince
safe. Guilder Is a "rummy" in slushy footing.
1»y SECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles; handicap; four-year-olds and upward;
lie over five hurdles; purse. $500.
St. Std.
4m.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
I Betting.
I Op. CI.
Horse. Age. Weight
(512) Tortonl, a 142! 2
(406) Ferrier, a 147 4
512 Joe Cotton, a 127 6
(416) Granger, a 150 5
416 Viking, 5 150 1
405 Rossmore, a 138 7
493 De Los Reyes, 4 136 3
3h 2 3
12 12
42 3 h
62 5 4
51 4 4
24 6 1
2 1
4 1
I 4
3 1
5 1
6 10
7
2 1
1 1
4 4
5 3
3 4
8 25
7
2 2
1 1
3 4
4 1
5 10
6 40
7
1 n (Shepard-
2 1 Tanner
3 -2 Ambrose
4 2 Kerrin
510 Mattier
640 Biggins
7 (Cairns
:4-:'VJ
1 7-10
8 10
2 7-2
6 15
20 60
30 60
Time— Winner, Smith & Tarn's eh. g. by Ecuador-Eva S 11. Good start. Won
Shepard. on the winner, is a polished rider over, the timber. Ferrier blinked and made
funny faces at the last jump losing all chance to win. Joe Cotton is on the Improve.
■ O THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; San Rafael stakes;
Icse value. 31000.
Horse. Age. Weight.
L-,
4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
C
(505) Hugh Penny, a 108-2 lh 2 3 23-22 11 N. Turner.... 4-5 4-5
,'-:.»;, Joe UUman; 5 103 1 2 2 14 12 1 4 - 5 Ratter 9-3-2
222 S»»"!iraa. a 108 4 .34 31 32 33 3 3 Thorpe ' 6 9-2
456 Topmast, 5... .'.loB| 3 1 .4 4 4 4 |J. Shields 12 25
Time- :254: 4, : ' i! 4'- 4. 1:164: mile, 1:434. Winner. F. W. Doss & Co.'s b. g. by
Luke Blackburn-Maud Ward. Good start. Won first three driving.
Hugh Penny was tuned to concert pitch and received a brainy ride. If Rutter made
a mistake, it was In being over-anxious. Satsuma ran to expectations. Topmast Is not
a society gentleman. ■_ __
(505) Hugh Penny, a.... 108 j 2
i".it',) Joe I'llman, 5 103 1
222 Satsuma. a IOSj 4
456 Topmast. 5 ..1081 3
1 h
.i •>
3 4
_4
2 3
1 4
3 1
.4
2 3
12
32
i^_
2 2
1 4
3 3
4
1 1
2 5
3 5
4
N. Turner —
Rutter
Thorpe
J. Shields
|£| FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, IMB.
4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
ting.
CI.
K. Horse.
Weight.
(4871 Corslne 108 2 ... 2 6 215 215 12 H. Martin.;.. 1-2 1-3
Sombre 108 1 ... 12 12 11 2 20 ! Spencer 5-2 18-3
EM Judge Wofford 100 3 ... 4 3 2 3 3 3 8 J. ReilT.... 20 50
508 ...n't Tell 98 4 ... - 32 4 4 4 Hal Brown... 40 200
500 Balllsta IPS * • |Bullman ..... | 5 9
•—Left.
Time— 4, :254; 4. :494; \, 1:154. Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. c. by Riley-Hlnda. Bad
start Won easing up. Second and third driving.
The start was one of Mr. Caldwell's fidgety efforts. Spencer on Sombre threw the
race to the winds at the head of the stretch, losing half a dozen lengths. The winner
will be encased In, more brackets ere he gets through. He has class and staying quali-
ties, r "■'-';::.",*■'''- '>*'•■.:-:
Scratched— Tirade 103.
g>QA FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, MOO.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight, i
I II Betting.
ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. : %m. ■ Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. (Op.- CL
460 Tom Cromwell, 6... 112! 2 2 4 32 lh 12 13 IThorpe ...:... I 8-6 2
502 Ad. - Spreckels, 5.. ..109.1 31 2 4 2h 21 214 H. Martin.... 4 9-10
470 Scintillate, 4 104 3 14 14 3 4 3 4 .3 5 .Bullman 15 20
499 Henry C, 4 109 6 4h 4 1 .4 15 420 4 20 ; IN. Turner.... 15 20
470 Simmons, a 109; 4 51 5 2 52 ; 5 2 5 4 'Macklin I 6:8
499 Goethe. _4. .._.■_. 1"«. 5 6 6 6 ■ 6 6 jj. Ward 200 400
Time— 4, :264: 4. -'14; 4. 1:06; 4. 1 Winner. Dr.' Rowell's eh. g. by Bramble-
Fonsle. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Adolph Spreckels swerved at the start, spoiling the chances of the last three. Crom-
ell's underpinning moved better. Scintillate ran a comely race.
Scratched— Gratify 109. . ,
St
4m.
SQI SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St
4 m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(507) Imperious. 4 1013, lh 32 12 13 i 13 (H. Martin.... 3-5 2-5
514 Robert Bonner, 5. ..107. 4 31 4 3 3h 34 2n Turner 5 4
366 Heigh Ho $9 6 5 3 5 6 '5 12 ." 5 8 3 3 J. Reiff 8 9
506 Castake. 4 101:2 2 1 2h 44 41 42 Powell 10 16
49S Petrarch. 6 ....106 ■"> 44 lti 24 2h 56 Beauchamp .. 8 30
60« Darechota, 4.. ...... 99) 1 6 6 8 6 6 jFellehy ....... 100 500
.Time— 4, :25>»; 4. :304; %. 1:04; %. 1:304. Winner. P. I Dunne's b. g. by Morelio-Helen
" 'Scratch. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. -
Imperious just helped himself to It all again. Bonner only got the place by a nod.
. With an equal break Heigh Ho would have been second. Petrarch stopped at the stretch
turn for luncheon.
Scratched— Captive 107.
seven furlongs, the Morello gelding won
all the way. In a hard drive Robert Bon
ner, with Turner in the saddle, snatched
the place from Heigh Ho by a head.
Crescent City Handicap Bun.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 14.— Weather
fine; track good. Queen of Song was
the only winning favorite. Results:
First race, six and a half furlongs-
Queen of Song won. What Next second,
Village Pride third. Time. 1:22%.
Second race, three furlongs — Paschal
wnn. Jrw second. Sorrel Rose third. Time,
Third rare, selling, mile and a quarter
ly;! rateria won. Admetus second, Judge
third. Time. 2:11%.
Fourth race, the Crescent City handi
cap, one and an eighth miles— Handsel
won, Basqull second, Deyo third. Time,
1:56%.
Fifth race, one mile — Jack Martin won,
Turn Toher second, Stockholm third.
Time, 1:44.
FITZSIMMONS BABBED.
Cannot Fight Under the Auspices of
the Lenox Club.
NEW YORK, Jsn. 14.— At a special
meeting of the directors of the Lenox
Athletic Club to-das" it was voted 'noV'to
entertain any proposition from Robert
Fitzsimmons. ch.impion heavy-weight pu
gilist, looking to a contt - i him
and Sharkey under the auspices of the
club. Tom O'Rourke, Sharkey's manager,
then announced that if Fitzsimmons could
find a club willing to give a satisfactory
purse and guarantee it. Sharkey would
fight and Fitzsimmons' forfeit would be
covered.
A £250 Bird.
AUCKLAND. Xov. 16. -Some few weeks
ago, at Lake Te Ar.au. at the back of the j
I We?t Coast Sounds, an exceedingly rare
i bird— a species of water hen— known aa i
i the Notornia Mantr-lli, was captured.
Only four specimens have yet been seen.
In Maori it is called Takahe. In siz-> it is
like a goose. The breast is a beautiful rich ;
dark blue. The feathers of the back, •
j wings and tail are olive green, with an
| almost metallic luster in certain lights;
below the short tail the feathers are pure
white.. The powerful beak is a great
equilateral triangle of hard pink horn.
With one angle directed forward. At the
Upper side is- a bright red band, likje an
attempt at a "'comb." only transversely
placed. The Notornis is of heavy gait,
unable to fly. It exists nowhere else in
j the world except in the South Island of
, New Zealand. Tho name "Notornia Maxi
j telli" was bestowed by Sir Richard Owen
i on a f»-w fossil bones dlscd-vered in the
North Island, viz.: a part of a skull, a
I jaw and a leg bone. Differences between
I the fossil forms and the living species
j havo Induced Dr. Meyer, as a result of
I measurements, to give the name "Nortor
! nip Hochstetteri" to the living bird. The
first specimen was captured in 1R49, and
ita stuffed skin is in the British Museum,
whf-re the second, caught in ISSI, is also
preserved.
This latest specimen was offered to the
New Zealand Government for £2n". but
| the offer has b<-t-n declined on the ground
that the price is excessive.— Melbourne
| Argus.
French Republics.
Talking to Mint de Mellto at Monto
belo in July, 1797, Napoleon, fresh from
his Italian triumphs, thus enunciated his
views of the Jacobin doctrines and their
professors: "Do you imagine that 1 tri
umph in Italy in order to aggrandize tho
pack of lawyera who form the Directory?
What an idea! A republic of 30,000.000 men!
And with our manners and vices!
How is it possible? That is a
fancy of which at present the
French are full, but it will pass away,
like all the others. .What they want is glo
ry and gratified vanity, but as for liberty
they do not understand what it means."
It is not Strange that tne pu'rcinc: eye
of Napoleon should have seen the glaring
discrepancy between Jacobin theory and
practice, though it may seem strange that i
he should have uttered his views to a
comparative stranger at the time when l
be was posing a« citoyen general," "one '
of Plutarch's men," but the frankness !
of Bonaparte, like the frankness of Bis
marck must at tim.-s have surprised his
contemporaries. That his views were
sound politically there are. perhaps, few
■who would now dispute. "What is the an
swer that would be, given by most think
ing people to 1 the Tgrave question pro
pounded by M. Renan : nearly ten years
ago as to the success of the French Rev
olution? Probably it would be found to i
coincide with that of Pitt rather than
that of Fox, but the lapse of a century
is only, just enabling us to judge with tol
erable impartiality of its effects.—Corn
hill.
The man who never failed is unable to
appreciate success.
ARE YOUR
LUNGS WEAK?
To Every Sufferer from Coughs, Grip, Consump-
tion and Similar Signs of Lung Weak-
ness a Great Specialist Offers His
New Scientific
TREATMENT FREE,
Nearly everybody you meet will feel
( insulted if you say they have weak
\ lungs. All seem to have a solid faith
I in the soundness of their own breath-
; ing machine. They maj admit they
have a "heavy cold," "a touch of bron-
chitis," or even "a spell of asthma,"
I but as to weak lungs, NEVER. Even
! the poor consumptive, who scarcely
j speaks without eouglung, whose cheeks
I are wasted, hollow, and bear the hectic
i !lu?h of doom, will assure you that he
| will be all right when the weather
' changes.
How many a poor bread-earner there
is who keeps on and on at his daily
1 toil, taking cough medicines "by fits and
; starts, but never quite curing his cough,
\ while this same cough is but a symptom
i of decay that is eating into his lungs,
i and will in time cause their destruction.
R ' ■ f *ij" b l( f» _^£
wfti ' ' •U/Eiflt'tffUriff ■ ■■■'■^jB ■ via J ■MOT 'mli: ' B'' Intnal ' ■ ill l*^" ki
THE TREATMENT THAT HAS NEVER YET FAILED.
Thus does a wife observe her hus-
band, or parents witness the struggle
of a darling child, while no steps are
taken to battle with the evil until con-
sumption has seized on one more vic-
tim. It is terrible to think how far we
may be guilty by our indifference to the
lung troubles of those near and dear to
us. It is also terrible to think that we
may possibly hug a similar dangerous
delusion as to our own health until too
late to obtain a remedy.
Let us leave the distressing subject
to come to what ia practical.
Lung troubles don't move backward.
Weak lungs must be healed and
strengthened and rid of the very earli-
est germs of disease or you are simply
committing a form of suicide. Either
you must cure your lung troubles or
THEY WILL KILL YOU. That's th^
CIVIL SERVICE
AND THE CENSUS
House Committee Hears
League Views.
SELECTION OF SUPERVISORS
IT IS URGED THAT COMPETITIVE
EXAMINATION IS NEEDED.
No Advantage Could Be Obtained by
Making Appointments Un
der the Bi-Partisan
System.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*, Jan 14.—Represen
tatives of the Civil Service League ap
peared before the House Census Com
mittee to-day and argued against any
bill which contemplated having ap
pointments made outside of the civil
service.
F. L. Siddons made the first ad
dress. He insisted that the Civil Ser
vice Commission would have all the
eligibles sufficient to make all the ap
pointments wanted in Washington.
He said that the supervisor* should bo
selected by competitive examination
under the direction of the Civil Service
Commission. He did not think it would
be practicable to have the enumerators
so selected, for supervisors under the
protection of the civil service would se
lect the enumerators without regard to
political considerations and solely with
a view to their ability. The clerks in
Washington should also be under the
civil service.
William Reynolds of Baltimore, who
followed, said that the appointments,
unless placed under civil would
practically be made by Senators and
Representatives, and supervisors so se
lected would make appointments of
enumerators under the direction of the
Senators and Representatives. He did
not think it would be of any advantage
to have appointments made from both
parties under a bi-partisan system, as
there would still be politics brought in,
to the detriment of the serfce.
"Scarcely any one has a good word !
for the last census," he said. "More
complaints were made of the last cen- ■.
sus than of any previous census. The
general complaint was that men em- i
ployed were not efficient."
Heatwole asked if these complaints j
whole situation in a nutshell.
Never was there any positive cure- for
lung troubles until Dr. Slocum made the
discovery which is now embodied in his
new system of treatment. It cures
weak lungs, bronchitis, asthma, coughs,
consumption, catarrh and every other
ailment of the pulmonary region. It
destroys every germ that can affect the
respiratory system, and even in. ad-
vanced stages of lung trouble positively
arrests the tubercular growth, while it
also builds up the patient so that hi 3
system is enabled to throw off ■ scrofula,
rheumatism and other diseases. Thou-
sands of cured cases already prove
these statements. Thousands of grate-
iple bless the discoverer.
The system consists of three remedies
which act simultaneously and supple-
ment each other's curative action.,
Every first-class druggist dispenses
the Slocum System of Treatment in
large original packages, with full direc-
tions for use.
The doctor wants everybody to know
the merits of his system. He has ar-
ranged to give a free treatment (three
bottles of medicine) to all who will ap-
ply to him in person or by letter. Full
instructions for use accompany each
treatment. Surely, if you have weak
lungs you will be glad to take advant-
age of a scientific treatment that ia
offered in such a generous spirit.
Write to Dr. T. A. Slocum, 93 Pine st..
New York City, giying full address, and
please tell him you read this in The
Call.
Delay only makes your trouble
worse.
could not be traced to poor pay, and
Reynolds said he thought not. be
cause there were few complaints of
previous censuses and he supposed
there was not much different tn the
pay of the last and other censuses.
Pigs and Witchcraft.
Two women of thr lower class wen
quarreling violently the other evening in
Heavitree. a suburb of Kxeter. One yelled
to the other, "You wretch, you always
keep a black and a white pig so th, ■ you
can witch us; you ought to be scragged"'
The one so addressed, it seems, has lived
in her cottage some twenty years. She
has during this period, it is said, always
kept a couple of pigs, one of each color,
Tind her neighbors consider she does this
so that she may enjoy the very, quesi
able powers of witchcraft.- No butcher
i in the neighborhood will buy her pig's,
as, if he was known to do so. he would
', certainly lose the local custom, upon
which he relies.— Notes and Queries.
A pood example may be a disease, but
it is seldom contagions. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jgjjjThe Keeley
Treatment Hjjj
Ellis for Men-
andWomenim
ijßwho have
lost control!!!!
§[|||of the use
of alcohollllil
Hjgj[and drugs.
It is an ab=jj|j||
HHflsolute cure.
Write Today.
Ti II tv IUU Ajf * - •
■ THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, .
- 1170 Market Street, San Francisco,
. Donohue Building.
Lankcrshlm Building. Third ■ and •
Spricp Street, Los Angeles. /-
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
rw
RADWAYS'S READI RELIEF ha§ stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years a* a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
.cures all Colds. Sore Throat 3. Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, . Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain*. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drUMTlsta.
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS. >h'V; A'
EEat? try KJIJI
Sleep? iK&iuflSli
ife-23 yy II I X W MARIAN I WtNB
mmMM Fll Ct(* Cf The Ideal French Tonic for BODY*™
t^^^^JJlgCSlr Since 1863, Endorsed by brain
•*^*O V/C ' 1 ' * Medical Fac;aty DKAIjI
Immediate- Lasting - Efficacious - Agreeable
MARDI GRAS BALL OF
THE ART ASSOCIATION
TO BE HELD AT MARK HOPKINS
INSTITUTE FEBRUARY 14.
Will Eclipse All Former Affairs
Given by the Organization — List
of Name* of the Various
Committees.
Thr- sixth Mar ..'. f rtnlnrr.ent of
will be given at
Mirk ll< • ■ . the
ng of February 14. and from the
extraordinary efforts 1 ; : : k r.iade by the
having the affair i:i
■ ■ .- to . clipse all former
.hat line given by this popular
. Oon. The artistic and social
res of these entertainments have
been very much admired, and it is certain
that this one will be no exception to th-'
. ; laced at $5
men and $3 for ladies, and there
.(!y a large demand for them.
first Mardi Gras entertainment
given by the Art Association was held at
of the association at 430
the evening «■! Febi
<ler the a-: I Joseph D.
Ing, and was a splendid success. The
rooms were so beautifully decorated by
and Joullin that
hundreds oJ people visited and admired
itions were n m
. Lys after the ball. The receipts wore
■:it for the
• 7 70.
■ The success of the first entertainment
Induced the directors to give the next
one—the second— on Mardi Gras night,
March 5, ISSO, at the Grand Opera-!
In order to have more dancing room, the
stage of the theater was floored over and
fxtensive and magnillcent decoration?
were made, under the direction of John
A." Stanton. assisted by Amadee Joullin
and Emil Pissis. This entertainment was
a'tremend success, the receipts reach
ing JC425, expenses $4171 50, leaving a gain
•of $22:3 50.
The third Mardi Gras was held at Odd
Fellows' Hall on the evening of the 18th
I, under the presidency of
the late Livingston L. Baker. The receipts
$8303 60, expers g, leaving a
ration was under
the direction of A. F. Ha thews, Amadee
Jcullin and a committee of artisis.
A number of operas by amateur per
formers followed, until on Tuesday even-
February 18, 1896, the fourth Mardi
Gras nent was given in the
• home of the association.
This entertainment, under the presidency
of James D. Ph>'lan. was considered to be
one of the most enjoyable functions ever
held in this city, and was agn . -
The following year, under the presi
ot Ht race G. I'iatt. the fifth and
lasi W was given on the evening
vt M.ircji 2. )*'.'!, two years ago.
The following are the committees and
Ing on them:
ecutive— Joseph D. Grant, Edward
Bosqui, L. P. Latimer, William G. Staf
ford, <;> »rge Whlttell, Horace G. Platt,
James D. Phelan, Irving M. Scott. Arthur
Rodgera, Henry Heyman, James ,\\.
ra* ion— Lorenzo P. Latimer, Robert
31. Fletcher.
Music— Henry Efeyman.
Mam Alvord, William
ick, l>r. C. B. Brigham. E. A.
Bruguiere. Frami.-? .1. Carolan, A. <
l.r..;i>rh. Henry J. Crocker. William H.
Crocker, Joseph B. Crockett, Horace
. Christian de Gulgne, M. H. de
Young, Walter Scott Hobart, William G.
Irwln. Charles Josselyn, William Keith
Martin Kellogg, Lorenzo P. Latimer,
• H. 1..-,.,. H. M. A. Miller, Edgar
J. Mills. William Mayo Newhall, Charles
James I. Pbelan, George A. Pope,
Jv!f.<ar v. Preston, Major J. L. Rath
R. P. Bchweiin, Irving M. Scott, General
William R. Shafter, U. S. A.; John 1).
ph S. Tobin, T. C. Van
Ness, Commodore J. C. Watson, U. S. X.;
Mount foul S. Wilson, Russell J. Wilson,
Clinton E. Worden. Frederick W. Zeile.
Tor Government Contracts.
■hea from Washington in
dicate that the Government intends |
T;.'Mi.«h a numl >aling sur
< ■!«-., in ih»- new possessions iii
tide making improvements
on the Government properties In and
around the Hay. With a view of having
some of, thf- contracts for construction
"and furnishing of supplies placed in this
the Chamber 01 <''>mmen.e has s<-nt.
the following dispatch to Becretary
Long of the navy and M. T. Endlcott,
chief of the yards and dock department
of the navy:
"California merchants and contractors
are especially well equipped for prompt
execution of Government construction
contracts In the Pacific islands ;it reason
able prices. Kindly giv» us opportunity to
bid. You will not be disappointed."
Have you tried that 26c dinner at The
Ralston? Salad, sou)', flsh, chicken,
roast sparagas. icecream, Eng
lish walnuts, good wine, black i
and cognac. It's a 50c dinner for L.V.
The Ralston, 753 Market street. •
Caring for the Little Ones.
At the regular meeting of the Eureka
Society fur the Protection of Children
Secretary Wad ham
teat showed an I nineteen mem
bers during r. In that time sixty
nine complaints were made to the officers
in which 130 children were mv.
Porty-nine cases *?ere Investigated and
eighteen children sent to public lnstitu
iions. Seven cases were prosecuted, three
r>ffend»-rs wf>re convicted and three
were dismissed by the Police Judges.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FLOOD BUILDING.... SECOND FLOOR.... FLOOD BUILDING. c
809 Market Street. PAINLESS DENTISTRY, t
25g>jl FULL SET OF TEETH (extractln ff _ ' |
gom7 crowns. ■ 22'k; ;;;;; ;;;;;;;;;;;: ;*s Ho ll}', 1
-^^rr^^b^WjEJ I'.KinOK work. per 'tooth!!!!!!!!!!! 3 ho up V
<WSS»'V^ Be^»k SILVER FILLING 25« up
**2jtosßj gold filling.........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Toe up °
B Written Guarantee Given. C
xl?vs j«3k ' Teeth and roots of all kinds nnd in all con-
#^f«* /t&riiP *?Sl/ dltlons can be trp.ttecl or removed by using C
<fts*Hl *^!SSr *^ vSffil our electrical appliances without pain and with
j «^o v «3^ V % perfect safety. A suit of five rooms elegantly C
/ Yot J ■v. ■• furnished and thoroughly equipped are at the *§
f- ■ V^» £^"sf><Kti "4 \ Berv ce of our Patrons. C
/*<U JysM?m^ \ A PHYSICIAN IN ATTENDANCE %
Y/S?s \ .^W^i^M V Skilled Operators— Lady Attendant. 4
oyMfa Jv^^^^^v b ' Consultation FREE. , C
n&ffip'jlit > Don't forget the number— '-.V- *^
VKtMA W^&aSirS^^^ 809' Market Street. Corner Fourth. V
noJ^wAV ' W^y-i*^l Flood Building. .Second Floor, Over Cafe Royal. C
HHObK .A \,%NSS^^(p3HbW > G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D. f
TO BRING HOME THE
FIRST CALIFORNIA
FRIENDS OF THE BOYS CIRCU
LATING A PETITION.
It Asks for a Return of the Regiment
and the Substitution of An
other Should It Be
Necessary.
Anxious friends and relatives of the
members of the First California Volun
teers, who acquitted themselves so nobly
in the Philippine Islands, are making a
determined effort to have the regiment
recalled. A petition to the President and
Secretary of War has been formulated
and copies of it are being freely circulat
ed, with a request for signatures. A copy
is also kept on the desk at the Russ
House, and friends of the boys of the gal
lant First are requested to sign it at that
place if they have r.o other opportunity.
The full text of the petition is as fol
lows: •■,
To the President of the United States and th-
Secretary of War:
"Whereas, The First Regiment of California
Infantry of United States Volunteers were the
first troops to leave the United States for a
foreign port during the war with Spain, having
left San Francisco on May 25, IS9B, and have
been continuously In service away from home
longer than any other volunteer regiment, ex
cept the First Oregon Regiment, which went
out with the First California Regiment, and
Whereas, Many of the men volunteered and
are now detained in the service at great sacri
fl' to their personal and business interests,
and
Whereas, Long detention in a tropical climate
is undermining the health and spirits of many
of our best young men who gave their services
so cheerfully to their country when hostilities
were actually pending, we, the undersigned
relatives and representatives of members of
the First Regiment of California Volun
teers, most earnestly request that said regi
ment be allowed to return to their homes and
business. If troops are necessary in the Phil
ippines we respectfully request that other
troops be sent to relieve those first sent.
By granting our humble request you will re
lieve many anxious hearts in San Francisco
and vicinity and will gratify the most ardent
wish of almost every enlisted mun in said regi
ment.
MRS. BEGAN "WEPT.
The Coroner's Jury Brought a Ver-
diet That the Fatal Shot Was
Tired in Self-Defense.
Mrs. Elizabeth Regan wept bitterly yes
terday when the witnesses told the Coro
ner's jury how Policeman 'Kennedy had
been killed on the day before by a shot
from his own pistol in her hands.
Nothing new was brought out in the
testimony. When the prisoner was asked
whethc-r she wished to take the stand
she replied that she had nothing to add
to what she had already told the police
and that her lawyer had advised her not
to say anything further. She was heavily
. and N-i-raed to be afflicted with
grief lrPcuuse of the loss of her lover and
the tragedy In which by his brutality she
had been forced to play a part.
The jury, composed of business men,
was out only long enough to sign the ver
dict. It was that the deceased came to
his death from a wound inflicted by Mrs.
Elizabeth Kennedy in s< !f-defense.
Red Men Raise Chiefs.
District Deputy Thomas Roche, as-
I by Deputies U. A. Lewis, F. B.
Swan, M. L. Wheeler and L. L. Remy,
raised the following named chiefs of Bald
Tribe: William .1. Nodder, sachem;
Fred W. Kewell, senior sagamore; Frank
it. l.'hiink, junior sagamore; S. Rothberg,
prophet; Henry Goetz, first Banap;
<"ha.rlps Adler. second sanap; E. Ander
son. B. T. Johnson, J. B. Berwert and E.
Gilbert, warriors: I. Mayer, Charles Law
rence, P. Kehres and G. B. Pierce, braves;
C. O. Swanson, guard of th" wig-warn;
Charles Gantcrt, guard of the forest.
Past Sachem S. Rothberg, on behalf of
the tribe, was presented a very fine
watchchain charm, emblematic of the or
der, .In recognition of his efficient and
valuable services during the preceding six
moons. The chiefs were raised in the
wigwam on last Wednesday.
Last Thursday night there was a rais
ing up of the chiefs of Osbonee Tribe in
Stilus building by Deputy M. L. Wheeler
assisted by Deputy Jacob Fowzer. The
principal chiefs raised up were: T. Rob
sachem; B. Fuchs. prophot; S. Stus-
Ber, senior sagamore, and George L. Cook,
junior sagamore. After the c-remony
was an entertainment under the
direction of G. A. Trautner, J. Kramer, R.
A. NVlson and M. Bloom, which included
several pleasing numbers, and then fol
lowed a dance and a collation.
Will Not Steal the Whisky.
John Murphy, a barber at Twenty
fourth and Alabama streets, who was
arrested several weeks ago on complaint
[ward McGinnis, grocer at the same
place, had his case dismissed by Judge
Graham yesterday. Murphy was accused
of burglary in going into McGinnis' shed
where he k»-pt his liquor and stealing
whisky, which lip served out to customers.
It was shown that he had a key to the
shed, as the lessee of the barber-shop, and
tl • r> fore could not bo convicted of burg
lary. Ho has again leased the barber
shop from McGinnis and promised In
court to pay for the whisky in future.
McGlade Gains Time.
Peter McGlad'-. h«-M on several charges
of forgery, was granted two weeks' fur
ther time yesterday in which to plead
The continuance was granted on account
r.f the illness of defendant's counsel Pat
rick Reddy.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
HALF CENTURY
EXPOSITION
DISCUSSED
Organizations Appoint
Delegates.
SUPERVISORS ASKED TO AID
LABGE SUM OF MONEY IS RE
QUIRED BY THE PROMOTERS.
If This Is Not Forthcoming the Pro
ject Will Be ALandoned—Citi
zens Who Were Named
to Act.
The proposed Pacific Ocean Exposi
tion to be held in this city two years
hence was the subject of extended dis
cussion at a meeting of representative
business men yesterday. The meeting
was held in the assembly room of the
Supervisors, and the majority of the
local commercial bodies were represent
ed by delegates. The object of the
meeting was to induce the Supervisors,
acting for the city, to appropriate
$1,000,000 or any part of that amount
and to further assist by securing an
appropriation from the present Legisla
ture and from Congress. This was all
embodied in the following resolution,
presented by A. S. Baldwin. It was
adopted and will be presented to the
Supervisors on Monday. It reads:
Resolved, That the Board of Super
visors of the city and county of San
Francisco be requested to pledge the
faith of the city for an appropriation
or one million dollars in aid of the
Pacific Ocean Exposition to be held in
said city in the year 190 L
Resolved. That the Legislature of
this State be requested to appropriate
the bum of $200,u00 for the same pur
pose, and that the Congress of the
United States be requested to appro
priate $SuO,U(A) for the same purpose.
Resolved, That the Legislature of
this State is respectfully requested to
pass a statute authorizing each county
In the State to provide either by a tax
levy on the issuance of bonds such
amounts as may be deemed necessary
for the aid and support of the above
proposed exposition.
Resolved, That the City and County
Attorney be and he is hereby re
quested to prepare a bill for presenta
tion to the Legislature, vesting th,o
n- cessary power in the governing body
of the city and county of San Fran
cisco and the other counties of the
State of California, ' and submit the
same to this Board of Supervisors 13f
the city and county of San Francisco.
The original committee of fifteen was
enlarged by the addition of men recom
mended by various organizations inter
ested in having an exposition held here.
The proprietors of the three morning
and three evening papers — Messrs.
John D. Spreckels, M. H. de Young, W.
R, Hearst, Paul Blades, R. A. Crothers
and Hugh Hume — were also added to
the committee. In order to straighten
the record, about which there seems
some doubt, the Mayor, Auditor Asa R.
Wells and the twelve Supervisors were
made members of the committee. The
names presented by organizations yes
terday follow:
San Francisco Produce Exchange—
T. C. Friedlander.
Board of Trade— T. J. Parsons, F. L.
Brown, Joseph Sloss.
Merchants' Credit Association—Ed
ward L. Labadie, Edward Pond, Mor
ris Felntuch.
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation—Frank L. Brown, G. W. Kerr,
J. P. Currier, A. Sbarboro.
Merchants' Association— M. S. Kohl
berg, Andrew Carrigan, A. A. "Wig
more.
Mechanics' Institute — Colonel Ernst
A. Denicke, Rodney Kendrick, J. P.
Fraser.
Stock and Exchange Board— A. W.
Foster, A. J. McDonell, Wiiliam Ed
wards.
Chamber of Commerce — Edward
Coleman, George A. Jsewhall, P. McG.
Me Bean.
Associated Wholesale Grocers— G.
A. Kohn, Fred K. Tillman, Charles H.
Luhrs.
Academy of Sciences— G. W. Dickie.
E. J. Nolera, W. E. Ritter.
Merchants' Exchange— Judah Neu
man.
California Hotel-keppers' Association
— J. C. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Soule, Charles
Montgomery.
Labor Council of Federated Trades—
G. \\\ Lamont, Ed L. Clap]', C. 11.
Parker.
Requests for clerkships and other
positions were received. These, with
written suggestions as to the scope of
the exposition, were filed, to be later
placed in the hands of the proper offi
cials.
George W. Dickie wanted light on the
scope of the exposition, and incidentally
objected to the name by which the af
fair has been known, as it did not seem
broad enough. In reply to this, W. H.
Mills made what political writers are
pleased to call an "impassioned ad
dress," He went fully into the magni
tude of the present undertaking: and of
the benefits this city would derive from
its being carried out in a proper man
ner. A. S. Baldwin followed in the
same strain, saying that unless all this
assistance which has been asked for is
received it would be injudicious to pro
ceed. While he was talking an enter
prising photographer took a snap shot
photograph of the assemblage. Mr.
Baldwin sat down as though one of
Dewey's guns had been exploded under
him, and in the general laugh which
fallowed, said he "did not know that his
oratory was becoming so pyrotechni
cal."
A letter was read from Colonel E. A.
Denicke, president of Mechanics' Insti
tute, regarding the Colonial Fair, which
the institute proposes holding shortly.
It is intended to memorialize Congress
for an appropriation of $50,000, which
will be spent in the collection of ex
hibits from America's new possessions.
These will be shown here and then
turned over to the State museum.
George A. Newhall tendered the use
of the Chamber of Commerce as being
a central meeting place. The offer was
accepted, and the next meeting will be
held there on Friday at 3:30 p. m. An
effort will then be made to affect a
permanent organization.
SAN BRUNO ELECTRIC LINE.
The New Accommodations Bring Joy
to the Residents.
By the Ist of February the people re-
FicMnK on the San Bruno" road will be
brought in brtter communication with the
city by means of the completion of the
new electric line of cars which will be in
operation en that date.
Work was commenced on this roadway
about two months ago at the intersection
of Folsom strf *-t and Precita avenue and
continued along the avenue to San Bruno
road and back to Folsom street along
Army street. In the meantime a ganij
of laborers were set to work on the San
Bruno road at the five-mile house, where
the old horse car line terminated. From
that place the work has been pushed
with vigor, until now there is only a short
gap between Army street and '"'Tannery
Hollow" to be filled up. when the entire
roadway will be complete and cars run
ning.
From San Bruno road the cars will run
along Army street as far as Folsom
street, to which point transfers "will be
exchanged on both the outgoing and in
coming runs.
The change will do away with the pres
ent transfer system from the Howard
street line at the junction of Potrero ave
nue and Twenty-fourth street.
SALE OF ART TREASURES.
A Magnificent Collection to Be Dis
posed of at Auction.
The people of San Francisco will be af
forded during the coming week an oppor
tunity to not only inspect but purchase
one of the most complete, varied and
magnificent collections of art treasures
ever brought to this city. It comprises
the combined collections of Ferdinand
Rossi and Jaques Gerome, representing
the chef d'oeuvres of London"s leading
private art collectors, who are compelled
to dispose of their property.
The offering consists of rare paintings
by old masters, splendid porcelains, en
amels, bronzes, bric-a-brac, carved ivor
ies and artistic furniture, constituting a
complete line of the things of beauty that
are ever a joy to the possessor.
In this connection particular attention
Is called to the Jatiues Gerome treasures,
embracing 167 priceless pieces of Capo di
Monte, Strassburg, Lille, Mayence, Crown
Derby, Rouen, Dutch Delft and old Sevres
porcelains and fayences, also quite an ex
tensive assemblage of the genuine royal
Worcester that will command the admira
tion of those who are able to appreciate
their beauties and value. This particular
collection is said to be the finest in this
country, and there will doubtless be sharp
competition to secure the most striking
pieces when they are offered for sale.
Among the principal articles are a prec
ious pair of Sevres vases— "soft paste"
specimens of the ancient ceramic art, in
which the panel painting is exceptionally
fine and guaranteed to be by Pa>cault;
pair regal Oleu de roi Sevres vases superb
ly painted and relieved by gold scroll
work, from the Paris exposition of rs67,
and valued at $8000; the largest known
specimen of a. royal Meissen vase, with
paintings after Angelica Kauffman. val
ued at J2000: a royal Vienna coffee service
of forty-four pieces from the collection
of the Marquise de la Fourronays, valued
at $2500; a pair of royal Vienna vasea
painted by Barschneider, priced at $0500
each: royal Vienna dessert .service of
eighteen pieces, valued at $1500; superb
1 Weimar-shaped vase on postament by
Barschnelder, showing the wedding feast
of Alexander the Great; royal Sevres cof
fee service, richly decorated, priced at
I $2200; a princely table with richly chased
I double scroll plinths and mounts. Aside
from these, there are hundreds of other
objects of vertu to charm the lovers of
the beautiful in these arts.
This splendid collection will be on public
exhibition beginning to-morrow and dur
ing Tuesday. The sale is to be inaugu
rated on Wednesday and continue till
Saturday, inclusive, at 11 a. m. and 3
p m. each day. at TS, Geary street. The
sale of these artiel. s. the aggregate value
of which is $125,i«h1. will be under the
direction of B. Grossbaum & Sons of Lon
don. It is to be without reserve to the
highest bidder.
KNOTT WILL HANG
FOR HIS CRIME
SENTENCE PASSED BY JUDGE
DUNNE.
Criminal Killed a Man Who Kicked
His Dog — Three Burglars Sent
to the Penitentiary.
A. T,. Knott, who on July 6, IW, shot
and killed Joseph Knauer, was sentenced
by Judge Dunne yesterday to be hanged
on March 21 in San Quentin.
KnnutT kicked a dog belonging to
Knott and the latter lay in wait lon Te
hatna street and killed Knauer, who was
on his way home. Knott was sentenced
to be hanged by Judge Wallace, but an
appeal was tak<-n. which acted as a stay
of execution. The Supreme Court sus
tained the judgment of the lower court,
and in consequence it was necessary to
resentenc 1 the convict.
Frank Harris and John Meehon pleaded
guilty to charges of burglary before
Judge Dunne and were each sentenced
to five years in Folsom.
James Cunningham, a boy burglar, was
sentenced to two and a half years in San
Quentin by Judge Lawlor.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
A. J. Foera of Napa is a guest at the
Grand.
Captain Robinson of San Jose is at the
California.
Banker T. C. White of'Fresno is staying
at the Lick.
Dr. E. A. Codman of Boston, Mass., is a
guest at the Palace.
J. R. Garrett, a merchant of Marysville,
is a guest at the Lick.
C. M. Reynolds of Shanghai, China, is
staying at the Palace.
R. E., W. E. and IT. S. Forbes of Milton,
Mass., are at the Palace.
United States Marshal H. Z. Osborne of
Los Angeles is at the Palace.
Willinm E. Tower of Shanghai, China,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
E. L. Curtis and F. R. Eban of Yoko
hama are guests at the Occidental.
J. A. Reynolds and wife of Canton, Ohio,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
O. J. Woodward, a prominent rancher
of Staten Island, accompanied by his wife,
is at the Grand.
W. Cywlnski and wife of Russia arrived
at the Palace yesterday. Mr. Cywlnski
is the chief engineer of the Manchurian
branch of the trans-Siberian railway.
This road is to be built from a point on
the border line between Siberia and Rus
sia to Port Arthur. The survey of the
road has been made. Mr. Cywinski is
on his way to St. Petersburg. He is re
turning by the way of the United States
in order that he may study our railway
system.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— W. N. Kernan
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Savoy. F. Briggs of Oakland is at the
Cosmopolitan.
■ m ■
A Good Showing.
In compliance with the recent call of
the Bapk Commissioners the nine sav
ings banks of San Francisco have filed
their reports with that body, showing
their financial condition on January 1.
The reports show a gain in deposits
since August 31 of $3,668,811 11. Their
condition is as follows:
RESOURCES.
Bank premises $1,447,976 97
Real estate taken for debt 5,163,311 12
Miscellaneous bonds and
stocks 36,356,912 94
Loans on real estate 68,939,575 54
Loans on stocks, bonds and
warrants 1,653,560 00
Loans on other securities
(grain, etc.) 1,200 00
Money on hand 3,817,472 41
Due from banks and bankers 1,665,797 25
Others assets 497.C96 20
Total resources $119,548,502 43
LIABILITIES.
Capital paid in coin $4,010,000 00
Reserve fund 5,305,412 38
Due depositors 110,001,652 75
Other liabilities 231,437 30
The Helmont Concerts.
Gerome Helmont, the famous boy vio
linist, described by Ovid Musin as "not
only a wonder but a genius and an artist,"'
will be heard for the first time in this
city at Sherman & Clay Hall next Tues
day evening and on Wednesday and Sat
urday afternoon. The advent of this tal
ented boy Is creating a great deal of in
terest in the musical community, especi
ally as he is accompanied by Miss Grace
Preston, the noted contralto, and Miss
Ida Simmons, the distinguished pianiste.
A Santa Cruz Insolvent.
Rosa Huber, a merchant of Watsonville,
Santa Cruz County, filed yesterday a pc-
I tltion in bankruptcy in the United States
District Court. Hor liabilities are $10,630
and her assets $2500.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
PROTESTS ARE
MADE FOR THE
CIGAR MAKERS
Business Men to Avert
a Calamity.
THE LEAF TOBACCO RULING
REVENUE COMMISSIONER ASKED
TO RECONSIDER.
If His Order Is Strictly Enforced
Thousands of Industrious Work
ers Will at Once Become
Poverty Stricken.
The recent decision of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue by which leaf deal
ers in tobacco are prohibited from selling
leaf in "hands" loose and the effects of
this ruling upon the small cigarmakers,
as published exclusively in The Call yes
terday, has attracted the attention of the
entire business community. The injustice
to the small dealers and manufacturers
was so apparent that the large cora
mercial bodies in the city have taken
iho matter in hand and yesterday a dis
patch was sent to Washington asking
that the case be reconsidered and that
pending the decision the ruling com
plained of be suspended.
As stated yesterday the dealer can only
sell to the manufacturer in bundles, bales
or cases, and Is not allowed to break pack
ages and sell in small quantities, as in the
past. Scattered all over the town are
hundreds of cigarmakers who employ one,
two or three men and have only a limited
capital to operate on. Still 'they man
age to make a living Tor themselves,
families, their employes and those de
pendent upon the latter. The manu
facturers' custom has been to buy small
lots as wanted, but if the rule mentioned
goes into effect they will have to close
their shops, as they are not able to ex
pend from $300 to $600 for tobacco in the
original packages. Besides, to make the
proper blends a number of bales or pack
ages would have to be bought.
• The effect of throwing 2000 working men
out of employment and rendering desti
tute those dependent upon them appealed
to the business community and steps were
taken at once to avert such a calamity.
At this time of the year, when all kinds
of business is dull, the throwing of such
a number of pe#ple upon the charity of
the community would be seriously felt in
all classes. Those most interested, the
riKarmakers. found a statute which they
believe covers the ease and 1 makes null
and avoid the rullingof the Commissioner.
Upon presenting the facts to the commer
cial bodies the latter swung readily into
line to assist the workers, ami yesterday
the following dispatch was sent to Wash
ington:
To the Honorable Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. Washington, L>. C. — Sir: Treasury de
cision No. 2U.372. prohibiting the sale of leaf
tobacco in quanaitks less than a bale.
etc., seems to be in conflict with the following
language contained in subdivision VI of sec
tion 3244. Revised Statutes:
"Provided, It shall be lawful for any
licensed manufacturer of cigars to purchase
1-af tobacco of any licensed dpaler or other
manufacturer In quantities lens than the
original paekaces tor use in his own manu
factory exclusively."
In consideration of this matter your atten
tion had probably not been directed to this
clear and unambiguous statutory provision,
and consequently it must have been over
looked. Will you please refnvestijrate the
question as speedily as possible and in the
meantime order a suspension of proceedings
on that decision.
We call your attention to the fact that the
remaining in force of your ruling will virtu
ally destroy the cigar manufacturing industry
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE CURE FOR BALDNESS
Trial Package of a Remarkable Remedy to Con-
vince People It Actually Grows Hair.
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Removes Dandruff, Stops Itching
and Restores Luxuriant Growth to Shining Scalps.
MISS EMMA EMOIND
(Before Bending for i Fr«e Trial Ptektge) (Aftsr Using the Free TrUl and Following Direction!.)
Those who are losing their hair or have
parted with their locks can have it restored
by a remedy that is sent free to all. A Cin-
cinnati firm has concluded that the best way
to convince people that hair can be grown on
any head is to let them try it, and see for
themselves. All sorts of theories have been
advanced to account for falling hair, but alter
all, It Is the remedy we are after and not the
theory. People who need more hair, or are
anxious to save what they have or from sick-
ness, dandruff or other causes have lost their
hair should at once bend their name and ad-
dress to the Altenheim Medical Dispensary, 233
Selves building, Cincinnati, 0., inclosing 4
cents in stamps to cover postage, and they
will forward prepaid by mall, a sufficient free
trial package of their remedy to fully prove
its remarkable action In quickly removing all
trace of dandruff and scalp diseases and forc-
ing a new growth of hair. The remedy is not
a new experiment and no one need fear that
it Is harmful. It cured John- Bruner. post-
master, of Mlllville, Henry County, Ind., and
he strongly urges everyone to try It. A Metfr«
odlst preacher, Victor A. Faigaux, of Tracy
City, Term., was perfectly bald on his fore-
head for many years, but has now a fine
growth. Mrs. C. W. Castleman, 843 Main street.
Riverside, Cal., reports her husband's shiny
head now covered with soft, fine hair, and she,
too, has derived wonderful benefit. Among
others who have used the remedy are George
Dlefenbach, general agent of the Big Four
Railroad of Dayton. ()., whose wife was en-
tirely cured of baldness.
The president of Falrmount College. Sulphur.
Ky., Professor B. F. Turner, was bald for thir-
ty years and now has a splendid growth of
hair from having tried this remarkable rem-
edy. Write to-day for a free trial package. Tt
will be mailed securely sealed in a plain wrap-
per so that it may be tried privately at home.
in this State and entail great distress upon
thousands of employes and their families.
Chamber of Commerce, by President Hugh
Craig; Board of Trade of San Francisco, by A.
A. Watkins. president; Merchants' Associa
tion, by A. S. Baldwin, vice president; Manu-
facturerers' and Producers' Association, by A.
Sbarboro, president; California State Board
of Trade, by J. A. Fileher, manager.
To-morrow the interested parties will
send communications to all of the Pa
cific Coast representatives In "Washing
ton asking them to assist in having the
objectionable ruling revoked. It is be
lieved that as soon as the purport of the
Commissioner's ruling is understood
through the country the Internal Revenue
Department will be flooded with similar
protests from all parts of the United
States, for the small cigarmakers are
very numerous in the land and they have
a hard time as it is to compete with the
sweatshop laborers.
TO OUST DEMOCRATS.
The New Republican County Commit-
tee Wants All the Patronage.
The new Republican County Committee,
which was elected by the last Republi
can municipal convention, met last night
in the Shiels building and effected a per
manent organization. A. J. Rich was
elected chairman and P. Prcndergast sec
retary. Harry A. Graham was elected
treasurer. The committee decided to em
power the chair to appoint an executive
committee, the number of which will be
specified by the committee on by-laws.
On motion of A. Ruef the chair was in
structed to appoint an advisory commit
tee to act in conjunction with the exec
utive committee in making a vigorous
protest against certain Democrats who
are holding places in the City Hall under
the Republican administration.
CORDELIA BOTKIN
WAS NOT SENTENCED
FOR A SECOND TIME SHE ES-
CAPES THE ORDEAL.
Attorney Charles J. Heggerty Repre
sented the Defendant — lurther
Proceedings Continued Un
til the 23d Inst.
Cordelia Botkin has again appeared in
court and again has she returned
to her cheerless cell in the Branch
County Jail without hearing the judg
ment of court condemning her to pass her
remaining days behind the bars of a pen
itentiary. Yesterday was the second day
set for the sentence of the notorious
criminal, and the usual crowd of specta
tors thronged the court. As the fair pris
oner tripped in, accompanied by Mrs.
Robarts, her sister, and Sheriff Martin,
all the spectators "rubbered" and were
content.
Mrs. Botkin seated herself, and Charles
J. Heggerty, who, in the absence of Attor
neys Knight and McGowan, who are
mixed up in the Senatorial fight at Sac
ramento, represented the defendant,
asked for a continuance. It was mildly
objected to by the District Attorney, but
Judge Cook granted the motion, setting
th< 2.'id inst. as the date for further pro
ceedings.
Trouble About "Drunks."
The "drunks" were distributed over the
different Police Courts yesterday morn
ing insttad of being discharged in the City
Prison. Thip caused considerable annoy
ance. Certain Seymour objected on Fri
day to Jucipe Mogan sending word to the
prison to discharge all the "drunks" and
insisted tbat the Judge should go to the
prison am- discharge them separately.
The Judge complied with the request, but
to prevent further bother the captain will
in future send them to the courts the
B-ime as other cases. The Judges have
been in the habit of taking the "drunks"
euol. alternate week as a matter of uon
venienco to themselves.
Mrs. Belasco's Funerai.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Reyna
Belaseo. mother of David and Kred Be
lasco, will be held this morning from the
family residence, 174 Clara street. The
Alcazar will be closed to-day, but will re
open Monday evening. The funeral will
be held at 10:30, and will then proceed to
the funeral train at Third and Townsend
streets, which will carry the funeral to
the Hills of Eternity Cemetery, San Ma
teo County.
WAS DEVOID OF HAIR.
PECULIAR PLIGHT OF A SALEM
GIRL-ENTIRELY BALD.
What a Trial Package of a Remedy
Did Fop Her.
The portraits of Miss Emma Emond show
what a striking difference is made in a person
when the bald head is covered with hair. Miss
Emond was totally bald, the hair follicles not
only upon her head but upon her eyebrows be-
ing completely contracted, not the sign of a
hair being found. Of course she was the ob-
ject of many experiments, all of which failed
and the offer of a well known dispensary to
send a free trial of their remedy was peculiar-
ly alluring to her. She sent for the free trial
followed all directions faithfully and soon she
thlckn^; S ar(1 n, d D nt y a "S 0 ?" 1 of halr - whlc h for
markShu' « Q ?L' ty an< 7 luxur *ance was as re-
markable as the result was gratify-lntr mi,.
Emond lives in Salem. Mass.. at 276 Wa^ln K -
ton street, and naturally feels very mu C h
elated to recover from total baldness. An itch"
ing scalp to people who are bleßSed with hair
[ S er a ded B t o°a f t C O n m ce nB baldness ™ d shou!d be at-
The. remedy that caused Miss Emond's hair
to grow also cures all scalp ltchings and dis-
eases, removes dandruff and keeps the hair
and scalp healthy and vigorous. Trial pack-'
ages are mailed free to all who write to the
Altenhelm Medical ; Dispensary. 233 Selves
building, Cincinnati, 0., inclosing 4 cents in
i stamps to cover postage.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
HE KNOWS
THE FATES.
A MAN TRULY GIFTED WITH POWERS OF
SECOND SI6HT.
Prof. Carl Roth, the Clairvoyant, Proves
Marvelous Revelations to Skeptic 3
of San Francisco.
_ Mr ~ Professor Roth, the
JBOj&P§&J clairvoyant, is get-
fiS|Br^^jk tlngr to be Ihe most-
Set >*^Bk^*^ talked -of man in
IK I '^^EaT San Francisco. His
--^S^M office at 906 Market
]T JwSß' street is crowdod
j^^"<s«df daily with people of
>B^|||toj^Jk -all classes, rich and
<^P§p||||y3|^ poor alike, all anx-
ious to kno w wn 'it
; f?\ destiny holds in
"*^^'' store for them.
Some there are whose careworn faces
speak plainer than words could tell that
their lot in life has not been a happy one,
and that misfortune and disappointment
have aged them mure than years. Many
whose burden has seemed a heavy one,
and to whom life has been a vast, com-
plicated, profound mystery, are seen to
leave his place with a lighter step and
faces beaming with the joy of a new-
found hope. Others who come in carri-
ages and whose appearances suggest that
the fates have been less unkind are seen
to wait patiently for an opportunity to
consult this great physician of human
woes. The powers possessed by Professor
Roth seem almost too remarkable to be
true, but the proof he gives by reading
the innermost secrets of those who call
upon him is sufficient to convince the
most skeptical mind. Many who had al-
most given up in despair have been
buoyed up with new hopes and started
anew on the road to a successful life by
following his advice. The anticipation of
better days to come with "a little light in
the darker places" is the elixir that has
restored many broken hearts.
\ V aflrHMfL oKNIFE or PAIN
\ 1 JgraMffi&KgS^'^ No Pay until Cured
t^^ j|jH ?s*ijs>2& Any lump in a wo>
{^J Iffi^fPpllpffi^ man's breast is cancer,
and if allowed to get
large, always poison*
Jj/L B^^^ the glands in the arm-
>^»j>§ii|jlip^^| pit. When the cancel
M d^^ M i 1 * n the armpit gett
l &^^' S large cure is impossi*
ble. Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
with testimonials of thousands I have cured.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., Office 25 Third St.,S.F.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
UQDIIWC FOB EITHER SE\.
DltUn O This remedy being in-
j**"**" l directly to the
ejffSjv seat of those diseases
0 * |eb of the Genito-Urinary
Jff Rn Organs, requires no
OJi Wm change of aiet. Cnro
-JS-%JP guaranteed in 1 to 3
*»«?«■- Small plain pack-
dT* TS TE* 5 - n >" mail, 81.00.
%d> 4J JEli Sold only by
GEO. DAHLBEXDER & CO., Sole Agents,
214 Keamy St., San Francisco, Cal.
AH!! 111 and Morphine Habits
[I/I I nil cured at home. Write
IV I for fu " particulars and
: Vl IVll B book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KfMMIS.
201 Turk St., San Francisco.
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Pilled. Factory oa
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians a k genCYI
642 Market St.
« CHRONICLE EPLDIN&-* . .
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
■ • — — .
poo oro ooooooooooooc
V nr PALACE wj
IGRAND hotels «
0 SAM FKAHCiaCO. 5
jf Coanected by a covered j>essagew*y. "
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. C
9 All Under On* Management. C
D KOTE THE PSI0E8: fl
_ European 81.00 per day sad ojnr*r« 2
» American plan.fS.OO per da.y and upward G
ft Correspondence Solicited. m
c JOSN 0. KISKPA7BIOK, Xuigo. «
ql o ooooooooaoooo o o o
fs& Citchesttr'B EncUib DUmoad Braid, *■»
fENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
i'^-^rrv Orl«lnBl and Only Genuine. A
£jvs^m. S * FI «i»»yi rellablo. ladies »jk
Dru F?i«t for Chichcttcrt En<jUt\ Bia/JfVV
ft^-*S^S«^mon<i Brand In Jled »nd Gold mf»:iie\\«l?
T^ —OftJOboiM. Bci'.ed with bine ribbon. Take^y
Tri *•*%; Ws"}! °° °*' lc '. r " R*f"*e dangerov* tvbttitv v^
I / "" ftftxy.xsani imitatUmM. At Drog;ii:i, or Mid**,
I Jr. tA i? '^V Jot pxnlenliTi, taximouitlt ul
VtJ* J9 " Relief for Ladiea," in letter, by retnn
-\_^/r Mall. 10,00© T-nimom»!«. ITm^rt-J^?
. "*/ Clil«he»tcrChemlcalCo..M»ill»o« Bnaar«l
fcMfcjaU Local DroggUti. PHLLAUaL
D&MGNULTY.
rtmifi \VELL-KXOW^ AND RELIABLE OLD
X Specialist cur« Private, Kervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only, Book on l'rivate Diseases and
\V(. kne-«es of Men. free. Over -Oy'r* 1 experience.
Piitlentscurpdnt Home. Terms reasonable. Hourß9
t03dK11y:6.30t08:30 ev'(;s. Sun.lavs, 10 12 Consul-
tation free aud sacredly eonndentfnl. Call.or address
P. KOBCOE McXUIiTY. M.».
26^ Keamy St., San Francisco, Cal.
Pi B ■■ #% MAC'S Infallible Pile
la B WLm Cure! Cures all cases of
mm I M B9' blind. bleeding, itching,
II T m^k protruding piles. Cases of
I IkLiVl J -I?ars ' a box ns cureu L/
"*~ fc * i ™ Br single COc box.
A. McBOYLE & CO., Druggists, L
504 Washlniiton Street, San Francisco.
< y > >digSkv' JsShS«>t H I!I; f ** Is a non-roisonor»i
0.^ } Spe 0 r r ma G r 0 o n r°r^t:
ElKfSr inltoS j»j». tS3 "liit<-H, unnatural ■iis-
Mfffm Ociraau-ed M «'hargeg. or any innarama-
■••■ not to lUietore. rj tion, irritatioa or'ulcera-
g—^jPrerenti con-.iEion. tion of mucous niem-
f HEEyHNS CHEMiruHo. branes. Non-astringent.
WbLoinCINNATI.O BB I &oia by DrounriaUK
W& C. S. A °Br or 6eQt ia plain wrapper,
/wa^^ LJKW% I by expresß. prt'paM. tof
* ! k3*£BßSltSPisrU I 1 or s bottles, 12.75.
'^■^r ■ Circular i-jut oa nmr^Sfk
RX?TTOUI7C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
JDXIU kjXlJuO -rs, bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
- dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tRr-*"oorer*. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3b
.^^OEWEY.STRONG &CO.>g£V
P» 6 PATFWTS a!
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USK DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual orguns. Depot. 323 Market.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MUNICIPAL
CANDIDATES
IN THE FIELD
c. League Holds Its
Convention.
W CHOSEN FOR MAYOR
aJNSDALE FOE AUDITOB, GIL
PIN TOR TREASURER.
Dbw Receives the Nomination for
City Attorney, Miller for City
Engineer — Those Named
for Councilmen.
Oak? and Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway. Jan. 14.
The Municipal League, after a long ox
eou(i\>> :-. <.-Mon, htld its convention to
night. The nominations were made se
'vtary announced the
r.ames ■ for whom the delegates would
Vote.
; ; R. W. .Snow and J. W. Towle were
, .ijamed for M:i> ta were ca^t
•'■ .before Snow obtained the necessary two
thirds vote.
.- .A. H. Breed and D. C. Hinsdale were
■ . named for Auditor, and after four ballots
■ jriinsdale was nominated.
'■''■ ; ■• : Z..T.Gilpin and W. H. Knight had been
;v nominated for. Treasurer, and one ballot
: ! was sufficient to show that Gilpin was the
:• favorite.
■(••! -There was no opposition to the nomina
' •■'?io.n of. W. A. Dow for City Attorney.
. ' : : £or.. City Engineer M. K. Miller, Mar
... tian Gam*] Monte Clement and J. W.
• ..Gray were placed before the convention.
„"; 'Jlilkr was nominated on the second bal
•i:k*.;: ■ •
• : -..Ben Woolner, Adolph Uhl, F. M. I'ar
. ■ "cel'lis-, -Anson irstow, C. L. Pierce, Mack
''.■TlXomkß, C. A Chlchester, B. C. Cuvellier
«md:L. J. Hardy were named for Council
. men at large. Chichester, Cuvellier and
•Barstow were nominated on the first bal
■ -VltH : "and Hardy on the second.
•' -.. j'\Vard nominations were made as fol
'".'iosrs;.
• •■. :; ' : .f:ir"st". F. KJ Mott: Second, F. R. Girard;
'■■-.Third, -M. W. Upton; Fourth, J. C Rued;
V-Fi.fth. 'Fetton Taylor; Sixth, G. B. If.
■ .\sray; Seventh. H. D. Row* .
... .•.'Dr. " Myra Knox, H. A. Powell, John
• Mlyss. a^id J. W. Evans were the only can
• • "didatfs;' for School Directors at large, and
: - : r(>l-.e.r"e nominated unanimously.
'..• :• 'For; Ward Directors the followini were
. -nivrelinated: First, C. H. Redington; Sec
;:-pnrt-E. B. Clement; Third, J. H. Todd;
:': : F^uHh. G. H. Gray; Fifth. R. O. Whlte
.•■He'.;iil: §ixth— D. Rutherford; Seventh, W.
■ j,.-.VV'ilc\3x.
TtiEfß WOES HEARD
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS
MANUEL BETTENCOURT SUING
FOR DIVORCE. ..
•'.A,xi.tone Inez Mendoza, an Important
'.• .Witness for the Aggrieved Hus
.:•'-":'•' band, Has Suddenly Gone
to Unknown Parts.
• ::x :.' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
..■:■'■.■ "." 90S Broadway, Jan. 14.
' ~:-\ ,One' of the most sensational divorce
... -iuits-.of recent years— that of Manuel Bet
•r.V.t.ea court against Maria Bettencourt— has
'■ ■.'/.'V^ti on trial behind closed doors before
.■..■.•.Superior Judge W. E. Greene the past
■ • '; tTifee days.
■'..'•.^ : ;".:'tn'e. husband charges the wife with the
•■. ■grgsse^t infidelity, and yesterday and to
'•./V.da'it jdver twenty letters alleged to have
U . • written by Mrs. Bettencourt to "Joe"
: . -RG.se' were introduced, and the greater
'• -part; of to-day was occupied with the tak
•'.■frilf of the testimony of an expert on writ
••-":in£. bane Demenzes.
:".\ The contents of these letters are as lurid
■ .as- the purple ink in which they are wrlt
.J-ten.: They contain most damaging state
• --.ments of a nature that would not look
-. -jveliih print. These the defendant insists
• She' never wrote.
" ; • The parties have not lived together for
:.' Several -ars. They formerly resided at
'.Sausalito, Marin County, where t:. suit
..-. y.-as -commenced nearly a year ago. They
have- been married about twenty-seven
•• years and • have two . t>uns, who have
" reached their majority. Since the com
•-' iheucement of . this action Joe Rose has
married, and by some means the plaintiff
.prevailed upon "him to deliver up the sen
sational letters, which were written near
". ly. eight years ago. Recently the suit was
..-.transferred to Alameda County on the
••'.ground that defendant now resides in
[• • :OaK!and and because the trial at Sausa
'" 11 to. would greatly inconvenience about
: forty witnesses for the defense, who also
• r<-*i<s* here. • ■• •
-.Antone Inez Mendoza, one of the most
■ • • witnesses for the nlaintiff. has
disappeared and cannot be found. It is
■ : tald that on Monday next . another very
important witness, Joe Rose, the recip
ient f the warm letters, will be put on
thfmnd.
Engineer Wood's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The funeral ser
vices of V.'llHam M. Woods, the engineei
killed In the "owl" train wreck, near In
gomar. were held, this afternoon from the
amily residence, 1172 Twelfth street, and
the remains were interred in Mountain
View Cemetery. Rev. D. E. Potter offl
.ciated. The pallbearers were: Harry
Brydges, Charles Thomas, Tom Ambrose,
William Lumsden. G. Leon and Jerry Sul-
UVan. A trio, composed of Mrs. a. Pol
■litt "Clffion, Miss Lillian Cooper and F.
Brown, sang "Xearer, My God, to Thee."
.The floral tributes were numerous and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f: M 77"
Is Dr\ Humphreys' Specific for
Coughs, Colds, Influenza and
GRIP
Prevents Pneumonia.
: : ■ • The use of "Seventy-seven" for Grip
:■.,■ prevents Pneumon a by "breaking up" the
.; -Cold, 1 while its tome powers sustain the
:. ' vitality during the a ■
.■'■;•;•• The doctors and officers of Boards of
;-. Her l .ft -say that this epidemic of Grip is not
: ■ : -?o severe or fatal as former ones, but the
■.'• da.nger of Pneumonia or other complications
■■.■;■.. is jost'as-great.
j. •• / l.f you will carry a vial of "77" in your
-.-r -■■pocket and take frequently you will escape
trie Grip.
'. ' At druggists or gent prepaiJ; 2Sc, BOc and Ji.
■ flurrphreys' Me<l. Co.. cor. V.'llliam and John
■ VUctla,. New York. Be cure to get
HUMPHREY'S.
fe. u ' ifl " Among these were a white
"On som P iUow which bore the words,
■rV"! .Papa'; another from \ Conductor
tsr>dges at the foot of the coffin ftorally
Sl r ,^ cd No - *." the number of Woods'
engine,  and below were the words "No
Orders." The Brotherhood of Locomotive
i^nginwrs sent a large floral shaft, with
uur rlend" in purple on its base.
ALLEGES PREJUDICE.
J. P. Ames Wants His Cause Trans
ferred to Another Court.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The defendant in
the suit of Ann Harris against her broth
er, J. p. Ames, filed notice to-day that
on Monday. January 23, he will move the
Superior Court for a new trial and to
transfer the cause to some other depart
ment on the ground that he cannot have
an impartial trial before Judge Ogden.
The suit was brought for the recovery
of certain bonds— twenty-three of the
Cincinnati. Richmond and Fort Wayne
Hailroad Company and twenty of the
Ohio and "West Virginia Railroad Cor
n-each of the par value of $1000 and
bearing 7 per cent interest annually.
I UUntiff also sought to have canceled a
certain receipt dated September 30. IS9S.
claimed by defendant to have been given
to him by plaintiff, wherein is recited
that she has received full payment of all
demands and which purports to annul a
certain agreement dated February, 1895.
Judge Ogden, on the 3d lnst., rendered
judgment for 161,862 75 in favor of plain
tiff. During the trial Ames presented tes
timony consisting of certain statements
of account, vouchers and memorandum,
which Judge Ogden passed on adversely.
At a retrial Ames contemplates introduc
ing this same testimony and he avers
that Judge Ogden. having already dis
credited this testimony, he could not have
a fair and impartial trial before that tri
bunal.
The case involves about' SIdO.OOO. The
attorneys for plaintiff are W. F. Fitzger
ald. Bishop & Wheeler, Raymond Ben
jamin and W. H. Anderson, while the de
fense is represented by Fox & Gray, A.
A. Moore and Everett Ames.
PATTON'S BLIGHTED
POLITICAL HOPES
STERN PARENT TAKES A HAND
IN HIS CAMPAIGN.
Wanted to Be Marshal of Alameda
and Unwittingly Used His Fath
er's Funds for Expenses.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 14.— Clarence Patton,
a young man about 25 years old, who
made himself famous during t\\c last cam
paign by breaking up a political meeting
ast Alameda, when he insisted upon
ng on the platform and announcing
himself as a candidate for the office of
City Marshal, has had all of his political
ambitions crushed. The crushing was
done by his father, the well-known archi
tect who desfgaed the plans for San Fran-
Pcisco's "new" City Hall. The instrument
by which the crushing was done was a
j stout switch.
Young Patton, who Is somewhat eccen
tric and quite a character about the city,
has had his eye on the Marshal's office
for some time. He stated to his frit-mis
that he was going to make a hurricane
campaign for the position and would be a
Bure winner at the spring election. The
only thing that stood in the way of his
carrying out his plans was the lack of
funds. A few days ago, however, young
Patton went down the cocktail row and
announced that his campaign for the
tp had been started. He backed
up the assertion by treating the boys. His
campaign was progressing nicely, and he
felt that his light was already won, when
his paternal ancestor swooped down upon
him and in tones that boded no good com
manded the young politician to repair to
the Patton domicile at once and lose no
time in getting t
Father and son reached the house about
the same time. Thi public took no part in
the interview that followed. Out into the
night came the angry tones of a stern
parent and the humble replies of a
crashed aspirant for political honors.
Then the dull thu'l of a snout stick coming
in vigorous contact with the back of a
candidate for the office of City Marshal,
and the lights went out and all was still.
Later it was learned tfta.t young Patton
had found a stray gold piece around the
house, ar..l. thinking that some good angel
had left it for his campaign expenses, he
appropriated the coin and went forth to
lin- up hit But it so happened
that the gold piece did not come from a
good angel. It belonged to Patton . Sr..
and that Is why Patton Jr. has retired
from politic?.
The Fletter Funeral.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 14.— Arrangements for
the funeral of the late F. J. Fletter were
completed to-day. The services will be
at 1:30 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
at Masonic Tt-mple ar.d will be under the
ces uf the Uasonic fraternity, of
which the deceased was a member. The
city officials will attend in a body. The
Board of City Trustees met last evening
aijfl decided upon a floral piece represent
ing thi- City Hall, with the hands of the
clock in th>- tower pointing to the hour
. the time when Mr. Fletter died.
The following gf-ntlemen will act as pall
rs: Judge Ellsworth and D. J. Sul
livan for the Masons, J. 11. Fields and
Charles Mvtzgar for the d. A. R., F. Rol
ler and Mr. Nesmith for the Vulcan Pow
'. nrk?. and J. F. Forderer and A. V.
Clark for the Board of City Trustees.
Alameda Boys Again Victorious.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 14.— The Alameda High
: :■ 'ball team added another vic
tory to its unbroken string to-day, when
it defeat* d an eleven representing the
s.i n Rafael Athletic Club. Torter, Nahl,
uortby. Underwood and Thomas,
rlw of the best players of the local team,
wore- nnn.ble to take part in the game, but
te this handicap the Alameda boys
■'•ore of 6 to 0. This is the
-ame that the high schopl team will
play during the present season.
Alden Instead of Temescal.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The agitation over
changing the name of Temescal— meaning
an Indian sweathouse — to something more
rriat" and euphonious has simmered
down to the selection of the name Alden
.kliind's pretty suburb. This was
decided upon at a meeting of the North
Oakland Improvement Cub held Thursday
evening. This action was taken in honor
C. Alden. founder of Temescal. A
P'tltlon is now being circulated for sig
natures, to be headed by Postmasters
P.drini and W. H. Friend, which will be
forwarded to Congressman Hilborn, and
after being signed by him will be pre
sented to the Postmaster General.
Justice Hard Has Lost.
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— Judge Hall has
rendered judgment for the defendant in
the case of T. H. Hard against Constable
George D. Gray and his bondsmen for
$5000 damages, alleged to have been sus
tained hy reason of an attachment levied
on plaintiff's courtroom furniture in Ala
meda. Hard at the time was a Justice of
the peace in the encinal city, and the de
•it locked up his temple of justice,
whereby Justice Hard claimed he was in
jured in the estimation of his friends and
justice had been outraged.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— August C. Kruger,
who at one time wai engaged in gath
ering evidence against violators of the
llouor and lottery ordinances, was con
victed in the Police Court to-day of sell
ing liquor without a license. The jury rec
ommended him to the mercy of the court,
and he was lined $100 or 50 days' impris*
onment. _ , , 
Default was entered to-day In the di
vorce suit of Perry IfOtTfson against
Clara Morrison on account of defendant' 8
failing to appear or answer.
E R Elrod was committed to Stockton
Insane' Asylum by Judge Ogden to-day.
Klrnd is one of California's earliest pio
and his mental derangement Is the
result of two years of sickness. He Is 73
years of age and imagines people are try
ing to drown him in a tank of water.
Because the instruments on which W.
H Allen was charged with having obtained
money by false pretenses were not set
out In the information. Judge Hall to-day
>-ust;iined the prisoners demurrer. A new
information will be prepared.
Rev Father Prendergabt will officiate
and deliver an address at to-morrow's
services attending the dedication of the
new hall and school erected by Sacred
Heart parish in place of the one destroyed
by flre a year ago.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1399.
RUMORS OF A
TRADE WITH
REPUBLICANS
Delegates Appointed
to the Convention.
OPPOSITION IS INCREASING
THE DISSATISFIED ARE TO ACT
INDEPENDENTLY.
May Call a Mass Meeting in Every
Ward to Choose Delegates to
Name a Full
Ticket.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 14.
After the Republican convention to be
held on Monday there will probably be
another organization effected to name a
municipal ticket. This move is being en
gineered by those who claim that there
Is collusion between the Municipal I.
and the Republican City Central Commit
tee.
The Central Committee named its dele
gates to-night to Monday's convention,
and this method has created much un
pleasantness. It is freely prophesied that
the campaign will be a repetition of the
tactics employed four years ago, aW which
occasion the party organization stood in
with the Municipal League, while the
rank and file of the party voted for a
separate ticket. This led to the election
of John L. Davie, although J. \V\ Nelson
was the nominee of the Republicans, the
Democrats and the Municipal .League.
Under ordinary circumstances N
shuiild have polled about 6000 votes and
Davle 2000. but Davie was elected.
It is n»w stated that the candidates
nominated by the Municipal League will
be indorsed next Monday, and that there
is an understanding to this effect. The
opponents to this plan are preparing to
hold a mass meeting in each ward, at
/Which delegates to an independent con
vention may be elected to nominate a
ticket in opposition to the combined ticket
of the Republican Committee and the
Municipal League.
It is known that one of the seven mem
bers of the committee is opposed to ap
pointing delegates in the proposed man
ner, and as the Army and Navy League
and one of the Republican clubs in the
Seventh Ward and an independent citi
zens' movement in the Fifth "Ward have
already declared their position It can
easily be seen that the foundation for an
active opposition is already laid.
The plans for the opposition ticket will
not be completed until it is seen what
the Republican convention dots on Mon
day.
A proposition has already been made
to the city committee to change Its plan
of calling the convention and to suggest
that a certain proportion of the delegates
be nominated by the Board of Trade and
hants" Kxchange as a guarantee that
the campaign will not be conducted by
any political clique. This proposition has
not met with favor from the committee
and it is not known how far the sugges
tion was authorized by the mercantile- or
ganizations.
The Democrats will meet next week and
as fusion is already repudiated by both
Democrats and Populists each may put a
ticket in the field, although it is more
than probable that some combination will
be made with the dissatisfied Republicans
and that a union effort will be organized
to defeat the reform ticket.
CENTRAL COMMITTEE ACTS
Delegates Selected for Next
Monday's Municipal Con
vention in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The Republican
City Central Commiee met In executive
session In the Blake & Moffitt building
to-night and approved the work of the
committee of twenty -one in selecting the
144 delegates to the convention to be held
at Germania Hall at 7:30 o'clock next
Monday night. A complete municipal
ticket will be nominated at that time.
The committee of twenty-one is as fol-
lows:
First Ward— J. E. Whitehead. H. L.
Nash, E. M. Long.
Second Ward— E. A. Heron, Dr. T. W.
Hall. Ed M. Campbell.
Third Ward— George E. Randolph, W. S.
Baxter, A. P. Leach.
Fourth Ward— Hoir.er T. Blckel, Wil
liam B. Greenbaum, James Adams.
Fifth Ward— Judge F. B. Ogden, Mack
Webber, Clarence Crowell.
Sixth Ward— Eugene Lynch, Frank Bar
nett. Morris Isaacs.
Seventh Ward— Lloyd P. Larue, R. D.
Yell and G. S. Prosser.
The list of delegates to the convention
is as follows:
First Ward— H. Payne, W. E. Frost,
Charles Stevens, A. L. Nash, O. C. Hyatt,
"William McKeen. William Tyson, E. M.
Long, J. J. Heck, H. Schwartz. W. <;.
Dunsmoor, George R. Stetson, A. John
stone, John Baptista, J. F. Sward, J. E.
Whiteheod, Theodore Westphal. J.
Blakie, H. T. Vcsslng. J. A. Jaoksnn.
Second Ward— S. W. Condon. R. M.
Price. Herman Harpst, J. G. Hoyt, Major
J. L. Bromley, Harry Benner, G. B. Dan
iels. Kirk Gery, William Moller, Herbert
Swift, Dr. H. B. Mehrmann, T. M. Robin
son, W. W. Knickerbocker, David Tis<-h.
J. H. Smith, F. L, Button, A. L. Mac
donald. L. D. Manning, J. F. Ford, E.
Hughes, C. E. Nichols, Dr. G. E. Brink
erhoflf, O. L. Knowles, Jepse Kenney.
Third Ward— P. W. Bellingall, D." For
tin. Wells Whitmore. H. W. Pulcifer, Levi
S. Bixby, George Samuels, C. C. Davi«on,
F. D. Voorhies, Elmer Reed, C. F. Wag
ner, M. Bock, A. S. MacdonaJd. J. B. Wil
son, George S. Meredith, Fred Johns,
Charjes Weidersheim, George E. Ran
dolph. H. L. Cunningham, George F.Win
chester, F. F. Jackson.
Alternates— O. B. Palmer, James Fox, J.
D. Galloway, W. H. J. Matthews, Peter
Cook.
Fourth Ward— D. W. Standeford. E.
Everett. W. F. Kroll. Charles R. Cofa W
J. Me<'h;nU-. F. D. Hinds. E. A. Young.
C. K. King. M. D. Merritt, J. W. Arm
strong, Fred K. Meckfessel, H. Luke,
George Planer, John McLeod, R. J. Calla
ghan. Charles N. Fox. H. H. Bahls, J. H.
Grlndley. George W. Hoguet, William B.
Greenbaum.
Fifth Ward— W. Frank Pierce. Edward
W. Thompson, Byron Rutley, Mack We
ber, John W. Helmke, W. H. Dickerson
Frank E. Brigham. Clarence Crowell
Captain E. F. Taylor, J. Cal Ewing, Dr.
H. P. Carlton. John Laughland. G. R.
Lukens. John W. Stetson, J. TV. Ellis.
Theodore Gier, John C. Suhr, Ed Remil
lard. W. A. Kenney, William Nat Friend.
Sixth Ward— George Richardson. John
Tierney, E. Voorhies. J. Butler. C. Sturm.
D. W. Doody, F. Hammerly. Henry Evers
Jr.. E. Beaudry, E. Farrell, C. Quigley,
William Powers. F. Graham, B. Litchen
steln. Albert L*ffler. Morris Isaacs, F.
Peterson, H. Audifred, H. Osgood.
Seventh Ward— George Mason, Henry A.
Schulze. Charles A. Cornell. J. H. Sum
ner. Charles Cowell, C. A. Thayer. Fred
Farnham. J. K. Smallman. Hugh Hogan,
A. J. Reed, C. H. Smith. W. F. Doig, A.
B. Clark. J. M. Camp, F. J. Fernhoff.
John Mole, A. A. Williamson, Edward
Olney, Horace Allen, Dr. J. M. Kane, W.
O. Bagtay.
According to the call for the convention
the chairman of each delegation is em
powered to fill any vacancies In the dele
gation from his ward and no proxies will
be allowed in the convention.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 14— The new bOM
wagon of the Alameda fire department
will go regularly into commission next
Monday and will be stationed at the Sher
man street engine house.
Alameda Court. Foresters of America,
Installed its new board of officers last
evening.
J. H. WILLIAMS
MIGHT HAVE
LEFT A WILL
The Aged Capitalist
Was Peculiar.
ORDERED HIS OWN FUNERAL
LED INTO LITIGATION BY DE
SIGNING PARTIES.
His Grandson Accepted a Trust
Which He Was Glad to Relin
quish — Exaggerated
Stories of Wealth.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 14.
A search is being made for a will that
Is supposed to have been left by the late
John N. Williams, who died last week
at Claremont. During his lifetime Mr.
Williams was possessed of considerable
money, but lacked all business qualifica
tions and experienced during the last few
years many vicissitudes that materially
altered -the ordinary course of the last
days of his life.
All sorts of exaggerated stories have
been circulated regarding the wealth and
actions of Williams, and although he had
some eccentric notions and some original
ideas he appears to have found his best
friend in the person of his grandsonyC.
D. Vincent. Mr. Vincent a few years ago
was made the recipient of deeds covering
all his grandfather's property. These
deeds represented an estate worth ap
proximately $45,000, instead of $245,000, as
has been reported. It was at Williams'
request that Vincent accepted the prop
erty and on the agreement that the
grandson pay the old man $100 per month
for the rt*t of his life.
Some time after the transfer of the
property Williams was induced by Info r
ested parties to try to get his property
l>afk. He filed a very sensational suit.
charging Vincent with ingratitude. The
suit never came to trial because inquiry
on the part of Vincent's attorneys re
vealed the fact that the obligation was
all on the part of Williams and in favor
of Vincent.
Recognizing this, Williams and his at
torneys and Vincent and his attorneys
signed a 'stipulation which Is on file in the
Superior Court, stating that all claims
on either side had been adjusted with per
fect satisfaction, and also setting forth
that "Williams had commenced the suit
without fully understanding what he was
about, owing to his old age and lack of
ordinary business knowledge.
Williams died last week possessed of
much property, which is, however, heavily
mortgaged. Immediately after his death
his landlady found a peculiar order on a
local undertaker, requesting . him to at
once proceed to the house and take charge
of the body and take it to his undertaking
parlors. -This order was signed by "Wil
liams, and his landlady obeyed it. At thn
funeral there were but few mourners, and
these Included Mrs. Gray, a daughter of
Williams, and Mrs. Vincent. Mr. Vincent,
who is a contractor, in the southern
part of the State and could not attend.
After the agreement tiled in court dis
missing the. suk Mr. Williams and his
grandson never spoke to each other, al
though the latter always took good care
to see that the old man needed nothing.
Should a will be found it will probably
lead to some litigation.
GOOD LUCK FOLLOWS
SERIOUS MISFORTUNE
INSOLVENT CONTRACTOR IN
HERITS A PRINCELY ESTATE.
4-. R. Denke Fails for a Large Sum
and the Next Day Learns He Is
in Financial Clover.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 14.-Misfortune and j
good luck are following in rapid succes
sion in the affairs of A. R. Denke, the con
tractor, who made and lost a fortune try
ing to build up West Alameda with pretty
homes. Denke had reached the pinnacle
of prosperity about three years ago, when
he got into domestic troubles which
brought about an estrangement between
himself and wife. One of his sons took
sides with his mother and started in busi
ness in opposition to his father.
From that time Denke'? financial affairs I
began to tangle and the; cra.sli came last '
Tuesday, when he was forced to file a I
petition in insolvency. His debts were I
over $16,000.
That was his worst mis-fortune, but the
following day he received information <>f
a bit of good luck that sent a gleam of ,
sunshine through a riff in the clouds of !
his financial troubles. The day's mail j
brought him a letter from his old home in
Germany apprising him of the death of
an uncle and containing the further in
formation that the aforesaid uncle hail j
remembered him in his will to the ex
tent of $50,000.
] >• oke hastened to his creditors with the !
glad. tidings and asked them not to press ■
the insolvency proceedings until he bad
time to receive his inheritance from the !
old country, when he promised to settle i
his accounts dollar for dollar. The cred- •
itors are considering the proposition, but j
will look into the matter thoroughly be- I
fore they give a decided ewswer.
CHINESE LABORERS
SOLD INTO SLAVERY
Hundreds of Asiatic Coolies Sent to
Mexico to Work on Plan
tations.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Jan. 14.-A story
of alleged Chinese slavery has come to
light here since the arrival of the steam
ship Empress of Japan from the Orient.
She brought from Hongkong 406 Chinese,
of whom 191 were reported to be destined
for Tamplco, Mexico, to work on planta
tions. They were under the care of a
Chinese named Ma Chop, who said thir
teen hundred more were to follow.
AYhlle herding the Chinese from the
dock to a special train a stampede en
sued. In their frenzy a number rushed
toward the fnlge of the nock. They would
have fallen into the bay had it not been
for a police officer, who stopped the rush
by knocking a score of them down. When
they were finally rounded up it was found
that eight were missing. After several
minor stampedes the Chinese were per
suaded to get on the train.
The cause of the frenzy and stampede
was the arrival of a Chinaman from San
Francisco, who told them they had been
sold as slaves by Hongkong men. and
that they would never go back to China
Local Chinese here are helplne the men
still in hiding in every possible way. as
all are convinced that tney and the re
mainder of the 1300 to follow are being
sold Into slavery. They are gomg to
send word to the Chinese government
about it.
The city police are hunting down the
missing Chinese for evading the $50 poll
tax. The Canadian Pacific officials also
are hunting them, because they have con
tracted to take the party safely over their
lines and are liable to a heavy customs
penalty for every Chinese landed in Brit
ish Columbia who does not pay poll tax.
The police force of the State or Sao
Paulo, Brazil, is henceforth to consist of
5150 men. This Is quite an army, In view
of the fact thnt the total population of
the State is under 1.500,000.
TO FIGHT THE
TRADES UNIONS
British Employers Form
ing a Combination.
CORRUPTION FUND PROMISED
BIG SUM OFFERED FOR USE IN
PARLIAMENT.
Scheme Being Arranged by Which a
Firm Fighting a Strike Will Get
Indemnity Equal to Aver
age Profits.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated PreM.
LONDON, Jan. 14.— The power of the
trades union is gone so far as Great
Britain is concerned. The British em
ployers are forming' a gigantic combi
nation to fight the workmen with their
own weapons. The Engineering Fed
eration, which proved so powerful in
the recent strike, has invited employers
in all the trades - "crush the tyranny"
of trades unionism. One object of the
combination is to secure legislation fa
vorable to the employers.
The Railroad Review asserts that one
firm has placed £35,000 at the disposal
of the organization's parliamentary
committee, though how it could be ex
pended legitimately does not appear. If
such a thing happened in America it
would be called a "corruption fund."
The second object of the organization
is to secure for employers freedom to
make contracts with individuals in
stead of with the unions. The employ
ers pledge themselves not to negotiate
directly with strikers, but to deal
through the committee of the organiza
tion.
The backbone of the scheme Is found
in the arrangement by which a tirm
lighting a strike will receive indemnity
equal to its average profits. Even the
Daljy Chronicle, the workingman's or
gan, warns the labor leaders that they
have been carrying matters in a little
too high-handed a manner, and admits
what every one knows that the
standard day's work fixed b" the unions
is below the capacity of the average
man.
The unions will not permit their
members to exceed the standard and
also assert the rights of workmen to
take holidays whenever they please, re
gardless of their employers in this and
protect them for so doing. The em
ployers complain that they cannot in
duce idle men to work even at the high
wages which prosperity warrants. The
Chronicle admits that there are many
workmen living on the union funds who
could get employment if they chose.
The American Society here is taking
extraordinary measures to check the
great notoriety attained by Colonel
George Gourand. who, of his own mo
tion, assumed the leadership of the
American wing of the Anglo-American
movement in London. Colonel Gourand
first came forward on the occasion of
the" arrival of General Lord Kitchener
of Khartoum in England. The colonel
went to Dover to greet him, and is the
most conspicuous figure in the kineto
scope pictures of the event shown in
the music halls. Since then he has
deluged the papers with letters, writing
always in the name of the United
States army and of the Americans in
London, signing a string of titles to
his name, of which the first was "the
one-time assistant inspector general of
artillery on the staff of General Sher
man." He pledged the Americans to
contribute £1000 to the fund for the
erection of the Gordon memorial col
lege at Khartoum and issued a circular
with glaring headlines, requesting con
tributions to found an "educational
chair of science." The colonel's latest
appeal is for money for the Englishmen
who enlisted in the United States army,
helped to defeat Spain and were after
wards discharged, of whom he says
there were many. This was taken up
by some of the papers as corroborating
the assertion of Cunningham Graham
that the best fighting in the Spanish
war was done by Englishmen.
The whole business has made the
London Americans a laughing stuck,
and the executive committee of the
American Society has issued a letter to
editors and others declaring the col
onel has no warrant to speak for any
one but himself.
John W. Bookwalter of Ohio, whose
views on Russia were published in a
dispatch from here to the Associated
Press, under date of December 22, is
returning to the United States with the
intention of writing a book describing
his three months' travel in Siberia.
Incidentally, this work will be a plea
for an American alliance- with Russia
intead of Great Britain. He says his
observations in this country have
strengthened hi 3 pro-Russian views
and adds: "The interests of the United
States ami England are radically an
tagonistic, anrtthe attempt to foster an
aliiance is an* artificial movement, so
far as England is concerned. It has
not yet captured the hearts of the peo
ple "and is merely a political device
with two aims. First, to divert Amer
ica's attention from conflicting inter
ests in her own hemisphere: second, to
make the United States Great Britain's
catspaw in her diplomatic game in the
East. She thinks that if she can point
to the United States as an ally, she will
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FRBETo MEN
The State Medical Instituts Discovers a
Remarkable Eejaedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
rem^dv are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute Fort Ind It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physicai
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
nackages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
mv form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature losa of
Ktreneth and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the df sired location, giving strength
and development just where It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions 'and hae been an absolute success
in all cases. A reaueut to the State Med-
ical Institute, 198 First National Bank
buUding, Fort Wayne Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with. The Institute
ia deslrouß of reaching that groat class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it Is to bo
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions, Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
emhttrrnss^mcnt or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
be able to extort better terms from
Russia. What America wants in the
East is trade and she will do more by j
co-operation witL Russia than by an
tagonizing Russia. The latter already '.
practically controls China and will
give the United States what she wants,
if friendly. It would be madness for
England and America to attempt to
coerce Russia into concessions. The
combined nations of the world could
not whip Russia, any more than they |
could the United States. The most
they could do would be to bombard a
few coast towns, while Russia's rail
roads could pour so many soldiers into
China that any the United States and
Great Britain could send would be a
handful in comparison.
ORDEBED TO HONOLULU.
Naval Tug Iroquois Will Sail for the
Hawaiian Islands To-Day.
VALLEJO, Jan. 14.— The officer com
manding the naval tug Iroquols has re
ceived orders to proceed to Honolulu, 'me
vessel was coaled to-day and will leave
Mare Island to-morrow morning-.
The torpedo boat Davis is still in the
hands u£ the contractors. The yard work
men are repairing the boiler which
gave out on the way down the coast. Af
ter she is thoroughly cleaned and painted
she will be accepted by the Government.
Repairs to the Ranger are approaching
completion. Her new shaft and
peller will be in place in a few days. Her
masts were stepped last week. The work
on htr sister shin, the Alert, is under
way. The Hartford is ready for her
masts, which will go Into place in about
ten days. The Nero Is discharging
tons of coal at the quay wall. She will
be put out of commission and thoroughly
overhauled, making- a, model vessel for
the purpose intended.
DAWSON MYSTEEY.
Rumor That Myrtle Brocee Was the
Victim of a Murderer.
MCTORIA, Jan. 14.— R. M. McCoy, -who
left Dawson December 15. brought news
to Skaguay that when he left Dawson the
rumor was abroad that Myrtle Broeoe
had been murdered instead or committing
suicide, as reported. Th^re are several
circumHtancfs connected with net i
that caused suspicion, and the police were
watching suspected persons. No arrest
had been made up to the time he left.
McCoy says the Klondike received a
surprise on December 14, when the news
came in from Gold Run that gold had
actually l>'en found. This is the firs;
tributary t<> Dominion Cre<rk that has
proved gold-bearing to any extent. The
strike ran 67 cents to the pan.
Forbids Fishing With Nets.
SAXTA KOSA. Jan. 14.— The Board of
Supervisors passed an ordinance to-day
forbidding the setting of any kind of net
to oaten fish in Sonoma County streams.
Thp offender will be punished with a fine
of $100 or fifty days' imprisonment in jail,
or both. The ordinance goes into effect
on February 1.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Parchasers' Guide to BesponsibSe Mercbaots, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im*
. porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, InsDrance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correesoodiag With Any (f t&t 7§fl#cteg rirau Ple»s« Hsntioa "Ths C*!L"
tJ - _ r - -|_n_- _.,-!_- l , jur .i l . i_ i_- ii --".■_■■ 1— ■■■ii--. --.-. .- -_ - _i-L*-i_-Lru
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCBOENING,6 S n a de euppHed -
BELTING.
LP npr.cu Menufncturer of Belting and
.r. irEUL Lace Leather. IOS-107 Mls-
slon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attrition Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
U : -i\. Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BDIEV £■ CAVC— Makers and Dealers ln
DnICIN <i JLandaus Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate a\%. and Polk
at.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
800 BATTERY STREET.
- Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS A: CO.. practical coppersmiths,
mfr'B of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous «tille, etc. 415 Mission st., near First;
all work guaranteed.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO. f 0 ce n C0 s stn t d s . a^i s^i ce n n 4-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TAS RflVF^ £ frt Shipping Butchers. JO4
JAS. DUIC3 _ WU,, clay. Tel. Main 1204.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
A II II A Hunters' Equipments, Fishlr.g
IliußlX. Tackle, Athletic Gcx Ib, etc. Send
UUiltJ frir catalogue. GEO. \v. SHREVE,
w«f v w 739 Market atreet
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Goast Steamship Co,
fe^ Steamers leave Broadway
7^lS . wharf. San Francisco:
Kfc«^&KV— _. FT Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
I^Vi^T^k Jan. 11, 16, 21, 26. 21; Feb. 5;
MkUKwl change at Seattle.
Mi^gl^jM For Victoria. Vancouver, i'B.
mBBmH^H C. Port Townser.d. Seattle,
r^^^BHßa Tacoma. Eferwtt. Anacorteß
es^ and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 v. m.. Jan. 11. 1«, 21, 28. 31:
Feb 6 and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: Tacoma to N. P. Ry.;
a Vor an "nSmbold/Bay) 2 p. m.. Jan.
14, 19. 24, 29; Feb. 3. and every fifth day there-
Fo r r Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford, 'San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Jan. 12. 16 20, 24, 2S; Feb.
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lvi? Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan 14, 18, 22. 26. 30, Feb. 3. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Roailia
and Ouaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 14. Feb. 9.
Mar. 9. Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chansre
without previous notice, steamers, sailing .dates
an<l hrwrs of sallinß-.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
■treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIKS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER 3 TO .
iPO^TrjJLisrD:
. From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. ra. !
II DC *12 First Class Including Berths
rMHC S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia rails Jan. 3, IJ, 23, Feb. 8.
6tate of California sails Jan. 8. 18. 28, Feb. 7.
6hort line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
SuDerlntendenU.
Gompagnie Genuals Transatlantique.
r* (Frenoh Line)
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS »**^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <jFfla2>
at 10 a. . ro. from Pier 41, North •***S«l»
River, feet of Morton street,
LA BRETAGNE ..,....: Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE Jan. SH
LA GABCOONE ...;.. ..Feb. 4
LA CHAMPAGNE Feb. 11
LA BRETAGNE ....Feb. 18
First class to Havrs, $53 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre 145, 10 p«r cent reduction n.ur.d trip,
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. S Bowling Green, New York,
J V. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agent*, 5
Montgomery are., San Francisco.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACK HOTEL.
F W Flint Jr & w,LA E Forbes. Milton
C Smith, Pasadena H S Forbes, Milton
J Broughton. Waikrvll E A Codman. Boston
.1 Annea, Walkerville ' R W Buchanan, lowa
F WUson & w. Berkly S J Mason, lowa
H W Hixon & w.Helna MrS Dodson, Spokane
E J Siller, Cleveland Miss Dodsor^ Spokane
W H Kelly. Cleveland Monye & w. Tokio
F Sargent & w, Mont ,W Cyuinskl Russia
Miss N Harvey, Vmnt H C Stall & W, Bellev
T E Thomas. Sactn (T Luna, Manila
J H Anns, Oakland M Marti. Manila
J J Crooks. S Rafael J Larade, Manila
M H Graham, Hanfrd C ' M Reynolds. Shangfc
Mrs W Walters. Chgo G'S Beebe. X T -
L Stern, N V W A Frost. Chicago
G E Horr, Boston C w Rollins, St -Louis
C T Nightingale. N YIW A Newton, Chicago
J J Brennan. Chicago F. T Sterling; Sanr J.Q3e
A B Bowers. St Petrb Mrs Sterling. - Jose
H ZOs borne. Los An? Mrs H Spring. I^qs A
E H Plant. Chicago H Lindley. Klamathan
E J Marx & w. S Ll oil C H O'Brien. Chicago
W Torrens. Shanghai J Barnes, Chicago X :
W Taber & w. Albany X Rr.senthal. Chicago
Dan Staley, Dawsgn 'J T> Kllpatrfek, Wy©
R E Forbes, Milton |Mrs E A Gibbons. 1 X V
Dr W Taylor. Livrmreic Gibbons, N V '
GRAND HOTEL.
O E "Williams, rk.ih S j Hayes, X V
W H Chesnutwood & E O Mcller, L Ang
w, Stockton J B Brady. Pomeroy
S O Spring, 11l ' E J Owens &w, N/T
G F Emerson. 11l M Rosenlien. N V • <■
DrRH Ashby, Eng O \V oodward & w, NT
E Hoi ley. Cal L 3 Fontenrose, Jacksa
C E Phlpps, Saetn a Fontenrose, Butt«rC
J D Byrnes, S 'ateo ,H L Morrow. Folsom
N Blackstock & w, E Schirmer. Sebastapol
Ventura A L Paddleford, Cal
F Flint, Cal L B Derby & w, Wodln
E J Owens &w. X T Mrs L M Barron, Aubn
r> Lvvy. Williams DrCL Gregory. Treka
Mrs H S Williams. Cal L O Orstad. Martinez
X L Williams & w.Cal A S Riffle & w. Martnz
F H Green, S Rafael H Clark. Monterey
W X White. Berkeley : H McCaba. Stockton
H R Stnvel, E Jose IM C Miskey & •*. Chso
E A Preble, Cal J H Weinberg. Fresno
E C Beem, Cal \Y M Voice. Fresno
A J Foera, Napa I)r G Ivancovkh. Petl
C Phlpps. Riverside [Mr & Mra D B Jack-
Bon, Oakland. \ I. ?
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
E J Fletcher. Montana LA J Dickson, Riverslds
T Dwyer, San Jose M Clarke. Suisun
J Weiman, Saeto ..PR Phillips, Chic-ipo
T Bucklev, London J Sweeney & w, S Jose
W Schwartz, Butte C Anderson. New York
A G Am-ld. Oakdala J Vogel. Petaluma
A J Laux, St Louis M Sinclair. Fresno ■
E M Derry, Mexico J D Lovell. Dlxon
J a Mitchell. Stockton jM Morrell. Mexico
J McWilliams. St Paul I W Thompson kw, Mo
LATE SHIPPING IXTELUGEJfCR
TRANSATLANTIC SKA:.'.
XKW YORK— Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Trave. fop
Genoa: stmr Scotia, for Antwerp: stmr Rotter
dam, for Rotterdam; stmr La. Champagne, for
Havre: stmr Umbrla, for Liverpool.
Jan — The stmr St Louis, from Southamp
ton, was sighted southeast of Fire Island at
1:45 a m. ...•...;■ .:....
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Aura
n:a. from New York.
BOTTTHAMPTON— Jan 14— Stmr Paris,
for New Y'irk.
NAPLES— SaiIed Jan 11— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm 11. for New York.
HAVRE— Balled Jan It— Stmr La Normandie,
for New York.
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Thing
valla, for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Xeder
lar.ti, from Philadelphia. — T_B
Baku, Russia, has 100 oil refineries.
>•;-: HARDWARE.
D ALACE HnrdwareCo.,lmportersSDealers
, * in Hardv.-nrc. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
j Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
! 234 Fremont St. Castines of Erery De.
i scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black ISOS.
PAPER DEALERS. ~"
WILUMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
j TULLrtfflC II L 722 .Monteomery Street.
PRINTINQ.
EC HI HF^ PRINTER,
• W- lIUIinLO, su Sansome tre<t.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
| Te^d r e a 9 phlc PARTRIDGE %<ffk
TBE fIICKS-JUDD CO., - a^- st ,
TYPEWRITERS.
]|g\ All Typewriters Rented.
! §&J=» -ijpt Few partly used for sale cheap.
'jaggQ \ AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
JgEpiSk L - &M. ALEXANDER.
-"lijh^**^a no Montgomery street.
_______
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 92S Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
' Forwarding: Agents and Public Weighers. Gt ...
i eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gea-
| eral office. 210 California St. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI rVHV Headquarters for One Jewelry and
, • LLnlll) ;uii is-k. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at IU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Best Coal in the Market.
Office and Yards 4so Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrlp-
I tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission. tel. M. 5927.
. OCEAN TBAVEL.
■ .
COOK'S TOURS
-TO—
HA WAI/
| January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22.
FARES $150 and $235.
:AH expenses Included : first-class throughout.
■ ProgTammeß free of THOS. COOK & SON.,
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
\ Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
! India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
i of sailing.
I NIPPON MARC Wednesday,' Jan. 25
' AMERICA MARU Tuesday, Feb 21
, HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
I Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
| freight and passage apply at company't office.
421 Market street, corner First.
, W. B. .CURTIS, Genera! Agent.
tf&liiffiifercSA sails via Hono-
i & nißaia " w lula and Auckland for
3 . ~^. Sydney Wednesday,
PHllflfllf) The 25. at 10 MAHI-
3KJ|iQ|LPC9A sails via Hono-
rfc KrM "*lu'»u and Auckland for
■J — >^ t=y<iney Wednesday.
Q^<l-L' >k Jan. 25. at 10 p. m.
rSBSITISRD " s - s - AUSTRALIA
°>?KKii Ball 9 for Honolulu
mfpP)Opfeh\''><ln»aday, February
»i"-i^i -"I s, IS3». at 2 p. m.
! Line to COOLOARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
: TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKEL3 & BROS. CO., Agents.
' .114 Montgomery street,
; Freight Office— Market et., San Francisco.
j BAY AND BIVEB STSAMEB3.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AHO YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlceilo."
Mon. Tuea., Wed., Thur», and Bat,
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. ra. (8:30 p, m. except Thur.)
Frldaj'9 ..,;.. ..1 P. m. and S:3O p, m.
Sundays..,,, ..;..i.. 10:30 a. m. tuii 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier, 2.
Telephone Main 1303. • '
lf#Cftsl.#fflliff
1314
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
PT'SINKSS OFFICE of the San FrancJseo
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 1? o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:SO o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until 8:80 o'clock.
6SI McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€16 Larkin utreet; open until 9:20 o'clock.
1941 Micslon street; open until 10 o'clock,
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenta; op«n
until P o'clock,
JM Eleventh street: open until 9 o clock.
2,'K illtsion street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner cf Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftreets: open until 9 o'clock.
, . ."• CHURCH NOTICES.
■CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Geary
- . ■ aiid Powell sts., Rev. John Hemphill, D. D.
.•■• Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
■»■•" l*r. Hemphill will preach at 11 a. m. The
". : • Jiev. B. C, Henry, D. D., a distinguished
■' .': orator from China, will preach In the even-
/ .•''."ing. All are cordially Invited.
. FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness aye.
''.•.'■' and Sacramento St.— Dr. Mackenzie will
:'■•- preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Evening
.' • "subject: ''Young People Beginning Life . for
Themselves." Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.
• ;-. Y. P.. S. C. E. at 6:15 p. m.
ET. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner of
'"..' California and Ootavla sts.— Rev. W. A.
■ • .-"Hutchison, D. D., of Ohio will preach morn-
'"'■.'. Ing and evening. Morning service at 11
• •••'. o'clock, subject, "Unseen Things." Evening
C .-.- •ervic*' at 7:30 o'clock, subject, "Not
"• Ashamed."
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest corner
" r of Geary and Franklin sts.. Rev. Dr. Steb-
.bins, minister; Charles A. Murdock, superin-
tendent of Sunday-school— The Sunday-school
Is at 10 o'clock, the mornln* service is at 11
o'clock. Rev. Roderick Stebbins of Milton,
Mass., will deliver the sermon. All are cor-
dially Invited. Rev. N. E. Sehultz's Bible
class at 7:30 p. m. There is no evening
service.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason «b.— Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Morning theme, "The I'rayer of Faith."
Evening theme, "Jonah Running Away From
God." All are cordially Invited.
PLYMOUTH ConKregational Church,. Post Bt.,
near Webster— to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Bunday-Bcbool at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. B. Cherington, D. D., pastor, will
preach morning and evening. Morning sub-
ject: "Business Side of Spiritual Life."
. : Evening subject: "Jesus and Sufferers."
ST PAUL'S, California St., near Steiner, Rev.
William Maxwell Rellly. rector— Holy Com-
'" inunlon at 7:30 v. m. Sunday-school at 9:45.
Morning prayer and sermon by Rev. A. L.
\ Brewer, D. I>., at 11 o'clock. Evensong and
. sermon by the rector at 7:30 p. m. Music at
' both services by vested choir cf men, women
and boys.
- ST. ALBAN'S Church (Episcopal), Golden Gate
: ' ,' .Hall, 625 Sutter St.— Church service at 11
"•.".•'a. m. Sunday-school at 10 o'clock. All are
cordially Invited. Rector of Trinity Church
• "in charge.
•' FIKST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
:. •• ' block, 223 Sutter St., between Kearny and
•■ '-.Grant Christian Science Bible lesson, 11
•'■■.a-'-rri. Subject, "Truth." Sunday-school for
''.■l" children at the same hour. Wednesday even-
• "■ ing meeting at 8 o'clock. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E.
= .- <'r_mer. pastor^ — Discourse at 11 a. m.. sub-
"■'ject, "Love." Services every Sunday in
'■' Yosemlte. Hall, Native Sons' buiMing, Mason
... St., between Geary and Post. Take elevator.
: .'REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
; • -Post Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
'•■/.. m. This church was organized by command
.-l.- of God, April 6. IS2O, to proclaim the angel's
;'■ " . message of Revelation xlv:6-7. the dis-
'•-'■ • pensation of the fullness of times, Eph.
-' •-. 1:10. Strangers invited to investigate. All
■ .-.are welcome. C. S. Parkin, pastor.
■=.="AT THE STRANGERS' SABBATH HOME. 643
Howard st., between Second and Third. Meth-
■ ' bdlat Episcopal Ch«rch— Rev. John A. B. Wil-
son, pastor; tel. Black 961. Methodist Union
.".•• f'-rward movement every night; 11 a. m.,
• . "The Keystone of Peace"; 7:30 p. m., "Sal-
•.. -vatlon of the Righteous and or the Wicked."
-Offertories, tenor solo by Mr. Smith; ladies'
••■ trio song, the Misses Mabel and Ethel Per-
:: ■ kins and Miss Young. Seats free. All always
• .; welcome.
•'•' .ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
'.'■• sts.— Special address to men only, to-day at
3 o'clock, by Rev. George C. Needham.
; ■ -Women only at > the First Congregational
Church, Post and Mason sts., by Mrs. Need-
;'••'. .ham. the same hour. Professor Stevenson's
.••■■ second lecture next Thursday night, Asso-
.7. elation Auditorium, on "Scotland, the Land
: \ of Song and Story"; beautifully illustrated
-. ■ ■ by stereoptlcon; the public invited.
':■. THEOSOPHICAL Society— lectures every
• '. Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Fraternal
..- 'Hall, Odd Fellows' building. To-night, "A
•• ' New Heaven and a New Earth." by Miss
• ■ Nellie E. Dashjell. Lotus circle for children
.• . at 2:30 p. m. Inquirers' meeting Tuesday, 8
 "' 'p. m. : Thursday, at 2:30 p. m.
l - : UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (the Theosophical
';. '. Society in America), Academy of Sciences
■-'.■: building, 819 Market Lecture to-night, "A
■ . • -New Earth," by A. J. Johnson; subject Tues-
r'.-day night, "The Christ Man"; subject Sat-
•. ".•■, uMay night. "Practical Brotherhood."
X : t : :s ; SUNDAY MEETINGS.
"•: [EJT_ of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
'•••• .dental Hall, cor. Larkin and McAllister sts.,
••■••Sunday January 15, at 7:30 p. m. Speaker:
••""'••'Mrs. R S. Llllie. Subject: "How Shall We
■;,i;'Escape if We Neglect so Great a Salvation?"
;.-.-. ."'.'.Admission free.
'•'•■ TRUTH seekers' meeting, Glers Hall, Oakland,
•■■:.'-._ p. iri. ; lecture, "Electricity," by Hougham,
■;/? : L<?w and others; S p. m.. Irene Smith and Dr.
■■:.. '.SLvartha will lecture, answer questions and
' ' ; ' v ';r.eiul hands.
•.'•■'•bUn'daY night platform— York, the noted
■-:•. "orator, speaks at lower Scottish Hall THIS
. V'KVKNING on "Religious Conspiracy" ; v01-
•■ . .-'.'untaxy collection at door.
■VATDr; Rines' Spiritual Society, 909 Market;
.'■-■ - : -11--2-8. Mrs. Gillingham, Seeley, Barclay, Dr.
,\;..:;. Carpenter; all tests.
-./."SIRS!* SEAL, spiritual business and healing
; ; . •-.'•medium readings and treatment dally. 230
. • ; ..Valencia St.
. .v'tv. /MAYO-STEERS, 112'_ Oak Circles
-Tuesday, 8 p. m. ; Thursday, 2 p. m. ; read-
• .-■>;=; fog. $1.
■KAJIE HEUSSMANN'S meeting to-night; tests
: ■ ''to-all; 10c; cymbal circles Fri. eve. 641 Jessie.
■ GRAND spiritual test meeting to-night, SO9
Mkt., Mrs. L. S. Drew; convincing tests; free*
■.MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to- ;
./ ntght; 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
: ' C.'V. MILLER'S ethereallzing, materializing
"•■ ; : *eance, 8 p. m.; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
•'.'.A. TEST meeting. 2 and 8 p. m. ; 10c. 1346 Mar-
." . ket. R. A. Stitt, Nita, Hargrave, others.
•PRIVATE test to each one to-night at LEAN-
• . •• DER'S test circle, 313 Eddy st.
''■■ : : . MEETING NOTICES.
'.'•; WESTERN Addition Lodge No. >><__!_£„
;.,- L"vi, I. O. 0.. F.— Members are -ji_y__{x— ,
: '-■'." hereby notified to attend the ~z-£&r^sS~
: _•■••. funeral of our late brother, •^Mft l^-
' iSBPH B. DAHLGREN, on SUNDAY,
'. : .:. January 15th, at 2 o'clock p. m., from I. O.
-. : O. F. Hall.
.'..• H. W. NOWELL, Noble Grand.
.••■'' : WM. F. LEE, Financial Secretary.
MEMBERS of Court Acme are hereby «^t~
•'. '■■' notified to attend the funeral of S*¥
". 1.. ■.• Brother DANIEL McGLOIN at his late 3rl
„• / residence, 1325' i Natoma St., MON »—
'."-,' I?AY, January 16, at 'j a. m. sharp. By
.'.'. «rder of A. SEIVERS, Chief Ranger.
".'.•. ' W. A. SAMUEL, Financial Secretary.
-..- : "iST: 'ANDREW'S Society will cele- . w ■»,
: ■: .brate the 140 th anniversary of the 2™ l_iX7
,-..-• birth of ROBERT BURNS by a 'Wvjf-*
. "-• concert and dance at Scottish Hall.
' • - I';:, Larkin Kt.. on FRIDAY EVENING, Janu-
..' f. ■ a-ry -27. Stereopticon views of Scottish scenery.
• ■■r.:AdmlsSion 25c.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President
■■■-'.., A. R. PATTERSON, Becretary.
■- 1-TJtE regular annual meeting of the stockholders
;■•. of the National Ice Company will be held at
• • ,the. office of the company, 327 Market ft
".• •San Francisco, Cal., on Wednesday the Ist
. ■••.day of February, IS>S*9, at 11 o'clock a. m. for
•■•'Che purpose of electing a board of directors
•-: }.o serve for the ensuing year, and for the
. '.■■.'■ transaction of tmch other business as may
■'■■■ "'come before the meetin_. *
.-;:;_• J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
•" -"THE. California Debris Commission, having re-
.■..■•;.'■ celved applications to mine by the hydraulic
• -process, from S. 8. Taylor, In the Silver Star
.•:••• Flume andMiningCompany'smine, near Span-
.- .' lsh Ranch, Plumas Co., to deposit talllnjrs in
'a worked out pit; from H. S. Byam, in the
■•. .Bonanza claim, In Amador Co., near Michl
: -• -gan Bar to deposit tailings in Arkansas
. • 'Creek, and from the Badger Hill and Chero-
„• .- .k«e Gravel Mining Company, in the Badirer
. Hill Mine, at Cherokee. Nevada Co., to de-
*' posit tailing- In a worked-out pit giveg no
• 'tice that a meeting will be held at room E9
•• Flood building, San Francisco, Cal. on Janu
• ary SO, 1899, at 1:30 p. m. .. Janu-
• BTOCKHOLDERS' meeting— The annual meet"
• Ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the office of th" com
pany. 222 'Market St., San Francisco on
• TUESDAY. January 24. 1599. at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business aa
■may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary
Office, 222 Mnrket et., San Francisco CaL
. January 9, 1899. . '
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company win
be held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
. ket street. San Francisco, California, on
' BATT'RDAY, the Mst day of January, 1599, at
11. o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing
a Board of Directors to serve for the ensu-
ing year, and for ■ the transaction of ouch
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. TransTer books will close on Tuesday,
January 10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. in.
• E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A LOAN can be had on your plane without re-
moval, or we will buy It. UNCLE HARRIS,
IS Grant aye., near Market Bt. . •
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS panned from $3; whitened. SI up;
painting dfcne. Hartman Paint Co., 343 3d st.
THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half-orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the In-
stitution from July 1, 1898. to January 1, 1899:
Mntllda Zimmerman, 6 yrs.; Margaret Kes-
llncer, 4 yrs. ; Eugenia V. Kloss, 3 vtf. 8
m 0.«.: Annie V. Kloss. 2 yrs. 3 mos.: Claudlne
F. Moller, v yrs. 8 mos. ; Sophia H. Hoppe,
8 yrs. ; Eva Mclntyre. 8 yrs. 6 mos. ; Olive
M. Joslin. 6 yrs.; Edith M. Joslin, 3 yrs.;
EJna V. Joslin, 3 yrs.; Myrtle Leigh, 3 yrs.:
Genevleve Adams. 8 yrs. ; Mary Adams, 6
yrs. ; Albert Zimmerman, 9 yrs. ; Harry
Hayne. 10 yrs.: Adolph Hayne, 7 yrs. 3 mos.:
Otto W. Moller, 4 yrs. ; Johannes E. Moller, 7
yrs. ; Wesley L. Marshall. 7 yrs. : Leslie E.
Montrose, 8 yrs. 4 mos. ; Edwin Fisher. 7 yra. ;
Alexander Williams, 8 yrs.; Georee M.
Adams, 11 yrs.; Nelson J. Adams, 10 yrs.;
Harry Lane, 6 yrs.; James Adams, 8 yrs.;
William Adams, 4 yrs., and Clarence Haw-
kins, 7 yrs.
SINCE July 1, IS3S, the orphans admitted Into
St. Francis" Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum,
are as follows: Female — Annetta Antonia, 1
years; Camellia Hawkins, 9; Ada Haley, 9;
Marguerite Kaisar, 6; Carrie B. Pickett, 7;
Pearl Hunter, 10; Katie Riordan, 5. Male-
Harry Antunia, 3 years 3 months; William
Rohling, 3 months; George Hunter, 2 years
6 months; Harold Hunter, 4 years 3 months;
Thomas O'Nell, 3; Bert de Shields, 6 years
6 months; Fred de Shields. 3 years 6 months;
Thomas Riordan. 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Half
orphans — Marguerite Gamerston, 6; Irene
Gamerston, 9; Catherine Shepherd, 4 years 6
months; Lyda Shepherd, 9. Male— Jacob
Smith, 10; Osar Smith. 7; Fred Smith, 5
years; Jennie Shihade, 6 years.
ABANDONED children Jn St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1597, to Decem-
ber 31, IS9S: Frank Swett, age 4 years;
Margaret Cunningham, 4 years; Hazel Cun-
ningham. 2 years; Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly, 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years;
Ruth Dougherty. 4 years; Lillie Aubertine,
5 years.
_>iyidi:m> notices.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January S, IS»9, a dividend was declared for
the hair year ending December 31, IS9B. at the
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the 16th inst. Transfer
books will be closed from the 10th to the
16th Inst., both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary,
.anury 4. 1899.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 83 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Friday, January 20, 1899. Transfer
bcoks will close on Saturday, January 14,
1899, at 12 o'clock noon.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
A YOUNG woman, help in kitchen or cham-
berwork by day. 338 Bryant.
A WIDOW, with little girl, 7 years old, would
like a position as housekeeper; can give best
of reference; kind treatment and and a good
home wanted more than wages. Call at lt>l
Chattanooga st., near Twenty-third.
WANTED— A position by a young lady as
chambermaid In private boarding house or Uu
housework. Address 724 Folsom St.
STENOGRAPHER; office assistant; small
salary: experience. S, Box 1411, Call office.
COMPETENT lady compositor wishes em-
ployment. Box 1415, Call office.
EXPERIENCED teacher, of travel, with high-
est testimonials, would like position as visit-
ing tutor, companion or secretary; small
salary. Box 452, Call office.
QER— IAN nursery governess would like situa-
tion in private family; best of references.
.Box 1417, Call office, Oaklanfi.
TRUSTWORTHY woman of 30, with child 2
years old, desires a position as housekeeper;
wages moderate. Apply at 4354 24th st.
A NEAT woman would like place In family as
housekrr-i.>--r. MS Pacific st.
WOMAN wishes any kind of janitor work.
Address box 1748. Call office.
RELIABLE girl wants general housework and
plain cooking in small family. Address box
1508. Call office.
DANISH girl to do second work or take care
of children; best references. Address 13 Free-
lon St., near Fourth and Brannan.
FII'.ST-CLASS laundress wishes situation; city
or country; best of reference. 1234^ Bush st.
LADY wishes engagements to put on skirt
braids; 25c per skirt. Call at 1333 Eddy St.
WANTED— Dressmaking by the day; perfect
fit guaranteed; best of references; $1 5u per
day. Box 1504, Call.
WOMAN wants general housework or cooking;
city or country; references. Call 155 Natoma.
WANTED— Light work of any kind part of the
day in exchange for board; sleep home. MRS.
M., 12i Turk St.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants work by the
day, washing or cleaning. 162 Tehama st.
YOUNG woman would like a place on ranch;
good cook. Please call at 322 Minna st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to do light house-
work and sleep home. Call or address 3 Isi3
St., off 12th, bet. Folsom and Han:
WOMAN wishes situation: is good plain cook;
city or country; is kind to children; good city
references; wages $12 to $15. Please call at
270 Jessie St.
YOUNG lady desires situation as companion
in suburban home; will assist with chil-
dren, sewing or housework for moderate
compensation. Address Box 44, Call office,
Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework; good cook. Call 515
Ninth at, Oakland.
GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work in a private family; good references.
Please call at 4 1 ,: Hoft aye., near Mission and
Sixteenth.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, Ironing or
housecleanlng by the day; $1 50. Address 30
Aztec St., off Shotwell.
DRESSMAKER will take work or go in fami-
lies; 75c day. 2748 Harrison, near 24th.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Address
Branch, 1941 Mission St.
SCANDINAVIAN woman would like place as
housekeeper; good cook and kind to children;
moderate wages. Address Bux 21, Branch
Call office, 387 Hayes st.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a situa-
tion to do general housework; is willing and
obliging. Call 71 Germanla aye., Monday
and Tuesday.
WOMAN desires position to do general house-
work, cooking; by the day, week or month;
will sleep at home; references. Address Box
80, Call branch office, 357 Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress on ladles' and chil-
dren's dresses; would like engagements by
the day or month. 422 Franklin st.
WANTED— Work of any kind by the day; first-
class laundress; references. 5138 Larkin at.
EXPERIENCED, refined young lady desires
position as seamstress in private family or
institution; first-class references. Address, by
letter, M. C 634 Lyon st.
WOMAN, first-class cook, wants cooking or
general housework in small family; good city
reference. Box 1420, Call office.
PROTESTANT girl wl-bea situation to take
care of a baby or assist in upstairs work.
:ress_box 1428, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
very best of reference given. Apply room
24, Flood building.
SITUATION "by a girl 15 years of age in a
respectable private family without children
to assist in light housework for room and
board. Address F. M., box 1449, Call office.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily emba: asgpd at
UNCLE HARRIS', 16 Grant aye.. nr. Market
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes chamberwork
or any kind of work by the day or week.
326 Minna st.
YOUNG German cook wishes situation; wages
$25 to $80. Address 4073 Twenty-fourth st.
EXPERIENCED cook and baker; hotel or min-
ing camp; references. Address box 1426, Call.
LADY wishes position as cashier; cafe or
restaurant preferred; city or country; refer-
ence. Address box 12J9, Call.
SITUATION wanted— Young girl wants work in
family in city for slight remuneration while
attending college. Address G. C. 9.. Ala-
meda office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 DO night: $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bni'caire to find from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414H O'Farrell Ft. ; tel. East 4SB.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes a position;
has best of reference. Address Belmont
House, 1126 Market, room 61.
BY man and wife in lodging house, hotel or
private place; roan experienced in all linos of
general work; wife first-class housekeeper.
Box 1414. Call.
POSITION wanted by young man with 3 years
In machine shop and boiler-making and re-
pair work; first-rate man with engines, boil-
ers or irrigating plants, mining machinery,
etc; reference. Box 1330, Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
man (German) as second butler or house-
man; first-class references. Address box
1410. Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
GENTLEMAN nurse with references for pri-
vate families, rheumatic and paralytic in-
valids a specialty. F. W. DAVIS. 417 Kear-
ny st.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife, good
cook ; man capable of doing any kind of
work; city or country. Address 20 Rondell
place, off Sixteenth St., bet. Valencia and
Mission.
BOY, 16 years, steady and obliging, wishes a
position of some kind; wholesale house pre-
ferred. H. MORRISON, 2406 Folsoni st.
BUTCHER— Situation wanted by steady man
as meat cutter; city or country- Box 1422,
Call.
SOBER young man wants any kind uf work.
Address box 1405, Call office.
WANTED— Position as dry goods or clothing
salesman: question of salary settled after
first month; best of references. Box 1401. Call.
RELIABLE person wishes situation at gen-
eral housework in private family; Is good
cook; wages $10 to $12; flat or cottage pre-
ferred. Box 1508. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman; single; thorough ex-
perience; good houseworker and man about
place; sober; use no tobacco; not afraid of
work; many years with same employer; best
reference. Address L. A., 119 Fifth St., flat 1.
EXPERIENCED, educated single man would
like to travel with rich family; active and
.nber; neat appearance; beat reference. L. A.,
119 Fifth St., flat 1.
YOUNG man, watchmaker, jeweler or en-
graver; steady position in city Jewelry store.
Wrlto. stating capabilities and references,
also salary expected, to box 1510, Call office.
YOUNG man well known, formerly of Baldwin
Hotel for seven years, would like place in a
first-class saloon to learn *n tend bar. Box
1739. Cail^ __________
BOY of 17 wishes place on ranch; can prune
trees and do ranch work. Box 1511. CalL
HONEST Japanese schoolboy wants place to
work out of school hours. K. ISHIDA, 104
Eleventh St.. San Francisco.
SITUATION by practical American pruner; 30
years' experience; orchard and vineyard
work; 4 years last place; best references;
sober and willing worker; small wages and
found; punctual and strictly reliable. Ad-
diess or call room 29. lll',j Minna Et.
EXPERIENCED man around house wishes po-
sition; handy with tools; good driver, gar-
dener and first-class horseman. Box 1422, Call.
YOUNG man as collector, office work or any
position of trust; good security; capable. 311
Taylor st.
RESTAURANT cook, who has worked In San
Francisco's best houses, wishes situation of
my kind. Box 1419, Call office.
JAPANESE, honest young boy, desires posi-
tion as waiter, general housework and ex-
pert plain washing. C. HABATA. 41SA Post.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiy-
Ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.. near Market st.
BY a married man who understands the care of
horses or who would be willing to do any
kind of work. R. F., 1931 Fifteenth aye..
South San Francisco.
YOUNG man with good references and recom-
mendations, sober and industrious, desires
position as clerk or collector where there Is
a chance of advancement. Box 1439. Call.
INDUSTRIOUS gardener, German; understands
the care of horses, cows, flowers, lawn, driv-
ing; private place; handy and willing; small
wage? and good home. Box 1438, Call.
POSITION by person of experience, nurse in
sanitarium, institution or otherwise; oppor-
tunity of practice more an object than
wages. Address box 1445. Call office.
WANTED— Position as janitor, light porter,
watchman or any position of trust; can fur-
nish highest references and testimonials as
to integrity and sobriety. Box 1447, Call.
WANTED — Position as engineer, fireman or
night watchman by young man; will give
cash security as to responsibility. Address
box 1347, Call.
PLUMBER, first-class, will work by the day or
month for property owner or estate; has all
necessary shop tools; ref. Box 1429, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man who un-
derstands the care of horses and garden; a
good driver and porter. Address box 1457, Call.
GARDENER — Situation wanted by practical
man; city or Address 1722. Webster
St., Alameda.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as helper on
cakes; Oakland preferred. Address 813 Cen-
ter st.. Oakl-a?-.
COLORED waiter wants situation as above, or
any place where can be made useful; ab-
Ftainer; age 24; good reference. H. ALEX,
326 Pacific St., room 39.
SITUATION by German: well acquainted with
grocery and wine business: good barkeeper;
can keep books. Address box 685, Call of_c_,
FIRST-CLASS shoemaker, German, with best
of experience on custom and pattern, would
like situation; city or country. R. Z.. Dan-
ville, Contra Costa County.
SITUATION wanted by young man in office,
store or hotel ; understands 4 languages, book-
keeping and correspondence. Box 1351, Call.
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whltener, hav-
ing complete outfit of tools, wants work; city
or country. MERKiAN. 1302 Webster St.
1111. 1' WASTED 1 KM M.l-J.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone, Grant 185
2 second girls (French), $20; 25 girls for gen-
eral housework, fli to $25; 3 first-class oooks,
$25. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant ISS
28 waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25; 3
chambermaids, country, $2u; 4 chambermaids
and wait on dinner, city, $20; 7 waitresses, $15
and $18; 10 private family cooks, $25; 11 Scan-
dinavian, 9 German general housework girls,
< ity and country, $20 and $25; neat girl, care
of children and housework, $15. C. It. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant IS>5
Want Monday Morning for Hotels
2 waitresses, same country' hotel, $22 50; 2
waitresses, same country restaurant, $20 and
room; waitress, country' hotel, $25; chamber-
maid, country hotel, $20, fare advanced for
all: 3 chambermaids and wait dinner, $20; 2
waitresses, $20; 4 waitresses, $15 and $18; res-
taurant waitresses, $5 and $6 a week; Ger-
man pantry girls, $15; 2 restaurant cooks; 2
hotel cooks. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary 6t.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Family Help Wanted Monday Morning —
10 cooks. $2"i; 6 Scandinavian housework girls,
$20 and $25; 7 German housework girls, $20 and
$15; 11 girls for housework, $15; 6 girls to as-
sist, $8 to $12; 5 girls for housework, country,
$20; neat girl", care of children and housework,
$15; 2 girls, same house, country, $20 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Gear;.
WANTED— German girl for pantry work In an
institution; no experience required: $15 per
month. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS' Emp. Of., 1243H Park st., Alameda.
WANTED — Good starch girl on new work.
Call to-day. 790 F>lizabeth St., bet. 23d and
24th sts., for 2 days.
WANTED— A girl, 16 or 17. plain housework;
no warfh, no children; to sleep home. Call to-
■ hiv. 790 Elizabeth st., bet. 23d and 24th sts.
WANTED— Neat, refined young girl for house-
work; 2 In family; wages $10; reference. Box
1418, Call office.
LADIES earn $8 per week working at home;
no canvasKinp; inclose sglf-addres-ed, stamped
envelope. STANDARD NOVELTY CO., 101
Bcekman St., New York City.
YOUNG girl for general housework; no cook-
inp. 1831 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED operators in our white and
fancy shirt departments; a limited number
for Instruction. STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
T< HIT, Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG girl for general housework; good cook-
ing: no washing. Call between 9 and 11 at
2219 Pacific aye.
WANTED — Tonne lady for roadhouse. Box
1502, Call office^
WANTED— GirI for light housework; 2 In fam-
ily. 4079 Eighteenth St.
GOOD girl wanted to do general housework.
731 Green St.. near Mason.
WANTED— An experienced cook, with best ref-
erences; wages $25. Call at 1307 Gough St.,
between 9 and 12, Sunday. .
WANTED— Chambermaid for an institution in
city. nic<- place, $1". per month: pantry girl,
same place, $15. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
i 'lay st. _______
WANTED— CiirI to tiFFist In general housework;
Fmall family. Apply 24 Baker st.
YOUNG girl to take care of two grown chil-
dren; must sleep home. Address 854 Broad-
way.
FROM CHICAGO! FROM CHICAGO!
Mr. Herman Heinrich, late from Europe, with
Mandel Brothers and other first-class houses
of Chicago, Is now at the well-known Mc-
Dowell Drcsscutting School for the purpose
of giving a course in strictly tailor-made
dresses. The tailor-made Is here to Stay,
and all dressmakers should jump at this their
first opportunity to take lessons from a first-
class ladles' tailor. We have gone to great
expense to give this course and all ought to
take advantage of our liberal offer at once.
We will teach hasting, padding, button-
holes, plain, lapped and strapped seams,
pockets, collars, etc.; in fact, we will give
a thorough course in cutting, fitting, finish-
ing and the final pressing, as only an experi-
enced tailor can give; call and see samples;
latest patterns cut to order. THE McDOW-
KU. DRESSCUTTINa AND MILLINERY
SCHOOL, 103 Post st. A. H. LYNN.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshirts;
a few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
ehirts; steady employment. 535 Valencia tt.
HELP W.\NTE£>— Continued.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators; best
prices; steady employment EAGLESON &
CO., 535 Market St. ..
OPERATORS on ladles' waists and men's
drilled coats and pants. NEUBAUP. BROS.,
_IS_ First st. .
WANTED— A Catholic woman, middle-aged, for
housework: without any incumbr_nce. Ad-
_dress box B, Branch Call office, 357 Hayes st.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near Market st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position*
free: patterns. 2nc un Mr>w»"'« '"I p -«♦
' HELP WAATKIJ —
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
'. " WANT MONDAY
Buggy washer, $50 6tableman. $40
milker and farm hand, also pruners; 53
woodchoppers, $1 50, $1 and $2 a cord; 45 tie
makers. Be, 8c and 12c each
metal -spinner. : gardener,- private
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay
DRY GOODS clerk, $50 bakery boy
MURRAY & READY". 634 and 636 Clay st.
4 BAKERS, $10 and found and $30 and found;
2 butchers
6 cooks 5 waiters 3 dishwashers
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city, $35
and found; coachman for gentleman's place
near city, $30 and found; gardener, small pri-
vate place in country, $2o and found; ranch
blacksmith, no shoeing, $30 and board; 2
miners, $2 per day; farmers, milkers and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st
TRAVELING salesman, exclusive or side line;
commission. Write or call, Premium Cigar
Co.. 207 Battery st.
GOOD stenographer and assistant to book-
keeper; must be experienced in commercial
affairs and of Al habits; permanent position;
give reference and full particulars. Address
Box 1403, Call office.
WANTED— Salesman with established trade in
California, Oregon and Washington to travel
for confectionery house manufacturing me-
dium and high class goods. Address, stating
amount of last year's sales, with references,
C. F. GUNTHER, Manufacturing Confec-
tloner, 212 State St., Chicago, 111.
MAN to sell baking powder, your locality, on
salary; eend 2 references and $2 for sample
case; reliable firm. NATIONAL SUPPLY
CO., Wilkesbarre, Pa,
WANTED— A young man desiring to study
dentistry, who is graduate of Grammar School,
between 17 and 20 years of age; position in
dental office. Address box 1416, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our Illustrated catalogue of information,; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE, Washington, D. C. ■
WANTED— Good cook; $10 week. 121 Fifth st.
WANTED — Carriage painter; must ba good
scroller and striper. 82S Harrison st.
WANTED— A good stock clerk for crockery and
glassware business at 108 Sixth st. Call Mon-
day between 8 and 10 a. m.
DISHWASHER wanted. 141 East st.
WANTED Carpet layer; state wages and ex-
perience. Address A. L., box 1512, Call office.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1; new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. £62 Mission st,
bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
I HAVE a two-chair barber shop to rent.
Call on owner after 1 o'clock. Lady Barber
Shop, 234 Montgomery aye.
MAN and wife to cook and wait on table on
large farm. Call Monday and Tuesday fore-
noons room 5, 122 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced operators to sew on
men's shirts and underwear; a few inexperi-
enced will be taught. Apply between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at the L. ELKUS CO., 29-31 Bat-
tery st.
WANTED — Reliable men and women in every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
send us your address and we will 6end you
work immediately. Address STANDARD
ART MFG. CO., 142 West Twenty-third st,
New York City, room A.
MEN, attention! — Pacific House, corner Leides-
dorff. and Commercial sts.; rooms, per night,
_2'4c, 20c and 25c; per week, 75c, $1 and $1 25.
LADIES or gents can make $10 to $15 per week
at their homes. 331 Kearny Bt., room 18.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses; cash every week; par-
ticulars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate,
goods in warehouse and in bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St., UNCLE HARRIS^
RECRUITS wanted for thb United States Ma-
rlne Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters, blacksmiths,
for ships. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie llb : 4.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at Sin
Francisco Barber College, 138% Eighth St.
BARBERS' Association Free • Employment
Office. S." FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. .
TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764»4 Mission
Ft., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 563V4 Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis Bt., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, Isc night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGKNTS wanted Exceptional chance to make
money: Mr. Ramon Reyes Lala's large book
on "The Philippine Islands," an entertain-
ing, accurate. Instructive work, with about
200 beautiful and rare Illustrations; this work
Is the result of years of preparation •by an
able man native of , Manila; therefore
nothing on the subject can equal It; sells at
sight. Send for prospectus and terms. Con-
tinental Publishing Co., 25 Park Place, New
York.
AGENTS— We will pay $100 per month and
railroad expenses to any man who will faith-
fully represent us in taking orders for the
most reliable portrait copying house In the
world'; we pay strictly salary. Address G. E.
MARTEL, Department 7, New York.
ECONOMIC . INSURANCE.
Agents wanted— and vicinity; liberal in-
ducements; paying proposition: : Industrial
insurance; men preferred. REDWINE &
BREWSTER, managers, 144 Phelan building.
Call 5 to 6 p. m.
AGENTS wanted— The De Lery Tassel Incan-
descent Gas Burner, the most wonderful in-
vention of modern times; "no chimney," "no
; mantle": for artificial or natural gas; glvos
a light of 40 candle power at a saving of 30
per cent; pays for itself in a month; send $1
for sample and terms prepaid; if not satisfied
upon receipt of burner money promptly re-
funded; refer to any bank or express com-
pany in Cincinnati. Address DE LERY
LIGHT CO.. 434 Walnut St., Cincinnati. O.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Sunny modern flat; 5 rooms. Ad-
dress 527 Hayes Ft.
_____ __ __
LostT
LOST— Yesterday, Saturday, a very small white
dog, with yellow or tan spots on his body
and head; named Jumbo. Liberal reward
paid for his return to 1 Fifth 6t.
LOST— Knights Templar charm. Suitable * re-
ward will be paid at the Call office.
LOST— Big dog: looks like tiger or zebra. Re-
ward at 1332 Paclflo st. " .
Monday night, near Native Sons' Hall,
i a diamond star; finder will receive liberal re-
ward. Apply 310 Ransome st.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near Market Bt.. the
eurety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the kindest treatment; private
entrance and private rooms. •
LOST— A fox terrier pup: liberal reward. 1342
Market st. SCHRADER. City Hall Market.
FOUND. |
FOUND— Dec. 29, back of Shell Mound, small
skiff. M;-:i:r.AT.L'S Mfg. Co.. Emeryville.
SEAVING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought sold;
, machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone . Mint 43.
ALL kinds - bought, ; sold, exchanged, rented;
' repairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
NOTICE f~
WM. EHRENPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort offers its stock of CARPETS. LINO-
LEI 'MS. WINDOW SHADES, ETC., at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been In
business 45 years, and Its reputation for high-
grade goods and low prices have been exceled
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to
his friends and patrons that all the stock
must be disposed of within 10 days. This
Eale means the positive closing of the old re-
house located at 1323 Market st.
WEALTHY widower, worth $75,000, no incum-
brances, noble, generous qualities of heart,
seeks devoted wife. Broker, 3126 Forest aye.,
Chicago, 111.
CITY gentleman, age 35, residing on farm,
wants a wife. Ladles matrimonially inclined
write for particulars to C. A. CHASE, box
100, Flacerville, Cal.
ANY information concerning JOHN J. GOLDEN
7, i }}J i \? ioat B rat « f "'ly received by his mother,
MRS. M. A. GRAHAM, 35S Linden aye., San
Francisco, Cal.
JlM— Lost your letter: want to hear from you.
L. DEAN. 1035 Market St., S. F.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla Is in great demand as
a hair tonic: beautifies the, hair; only 35c a
bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LATEST modes and styles in halrdresslng, 25c*
n « 9oe; swltche s. $1 up; LEDERER'S
FOAMO, fine shampoo, 5c package. G. LED-
ERER, the hairdresser, 123 Stockton st.
ARE YOU BALD?
\\ c are the only genuine first-class hair and
scalp specialists In San Francisco. W r e guar-
antee our work and no pay until satisfied.
We will grow you a good head of hair on that
bald head. Our remedies sent prepaid to those
who cannot visit us. The Hlrsuitine Company,
6 Eddy St., rooms 34-41, St. Ann's building.
MASSAGE by young man who is thoroughly
competent; "invalids a specialty" ; calls
promptly attended to. PROFESSOR HAM-
HILTON, 208 Jones st.
PARTIES with $5 00 to $500 to Join advertiser
in opening sanitarium for cure chronic
diseases; entirely new enterprise. Address
box 1509, Call office.
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist, 143
Phelan building, third floor.
WALLACE'S system of dresscutting taught at
419 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
JOHN— Have you tried that 25c dinner at the
Ralston? Salad, soup, fish, chicken, roast
goose, asparagus, icecream. English walnuts,
good wine, black coffee and cognac. It's a
GOc dinner for 25c. The Ralston, 783 Market.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
25e to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $»i per week;
free 'bus and baegage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail: all kinds fancy work to order. K.
YOSHITANI & CO.. 313 Slitter St.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture. Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. Okuno
Company. 507 Larkin st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
THE MODERN. 31 4th, nr. Mkt.— Baths. 12Vjc;
separate entrance for ladles; first-class.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price: postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'NKE. 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. Li
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, mil-
linery; special offer this week; perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SILK or cloth dress made. $5 to $6: dress made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy, MME.GOLDSTEIN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
LEARN sewing at Kelster's system; free this
week only. 424 Geary st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those' who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
ea^es before going eleswhere; they will find
her a true friend: home for patients, with
every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
Who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYKTH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per hox, sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female troubles; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure: no medicines or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pUls and capsules, $1: cure, $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 27
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
i'Oi'i'EK. SIS Kiarny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $s; travelers helped Instantly; consult
free; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL, 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure t'<. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mitt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irreßularitles restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023 M: Market.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALLmarried ladies know "Segur<">." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS ft CO., -,06 Clay st.;
$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS L. s! Rt'RT. massage and electric treat-
ments; positive cure for nervousness, neural-
gia and rheumatism. 355'^ S. Spring, Los A.
BHLLKVTTE Panitnrium— Ln.lles cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
INSTANT relief for monthly troubles, etc. ; $5;
Dr. ami Mrs. Wise. 111S Market st.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work at
lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings
25c up. All work absolutely painless; written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
our specialty: ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents: the largest and handsomest dental par-
lors west of Chicago; open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth. $5: crowns, $3: fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings, 25c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired:
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM~HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and filllngß a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association. 806 Market et.
DR. CHARLES \V. DECKER.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4; filling, gold, 50o; *Uver. 25c; crowns, $3.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
The great medical . clairvoyant, trance test
medium and life reader, through the gift of
clairvoyance she is able to penetrate all af-
fairs of your life and assist those who are
In doubt or trouble, whether SPIRITUAL,
PHYSICAL or FINANCIAL. She will give
you • positive proof that your spirit friends
can and will help you if you seek their aid
through the right channel.
• THE SICK CURED.
While In a trance or clairvoyant state she
has the power to see every organ that is dis-
eased in the human body, thus her phenom-
enal success In curing disease, either private,
chronic or obscure, • that has been given up
by prominent physicians. For those at v.
distance who wish to consult or treat by let-
ter, send age, sex, leading symptoms and 2-
cent stamp for reply and circular. 232 Stock-
ton st., bet. Geary and Post.
ADVICE and Assistance for All. ~~
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 and upward.
Reveals your life from cradle to grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, curp
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and nai-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole Flope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market. Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything; valuable in-
formation given to users of morphine; 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy Bt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye., near Market st. ■
MRS. MENA FRAWCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mon. S: 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia «t.
_. clairvoyants:
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at 1023% Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will
give correct information on law suits, sick-
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023U Mkt.
MME. L. DAVIS, the great palmist and card
reader, returned from the East; can be con-
Bulted in all affairs, marriiige, loss of love,
etc. ; hours, 9-12, 2-8 p. m. 260 Golden Gate ay.
CLAIRVOYANT. 24 Page St.. near Franklin;
satisfaction guaranteed or no pay. MRS. M.
A. KNAPP.
CLAIRVOYANT, cardreader, 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma St., bet. 6 and 7.
REMOVED — Mme. Lenemar, fortunes by plan-
ets. 472 Stevenson st., cor. 6th, room 4.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 143.6 th, rm. 10,
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th st., now 92S Mis-
sion, bet. sth and 6th; 25c and 50c; no sign.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
EVELYN FOWLER, mind reader and palm-
ist Call 120 Ellis st., room 4.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Sth.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and cart
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
tellPr. has oppnpd an offlrp at 315 O'Farrell.
MtSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 CO pI?R^rdN^I^STXLLiIENTs"AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright 187 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
• And over 20 bargains from. $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
. 136 Ellis st., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are Felling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A LIST OF A FEW GENUINE BARGAINS—
Rogers & Bacon, upright; good order $95
Neuman, upright; thoroughly repaired.... 145
Henry Miller, upright; cabinet grand 190
Chlckering, upright; good as new.. 255
All guaranteed; sold on easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering Agents,
16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largf-st house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
THE best bargains in the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
FINE Hardman, Hazelton, Hallet & Davis and
Fischer cheap for cash. Room 12, Flood bldg.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A FINE Steinway and new Chickerin;!: upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, tha Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st
HAINES Bros.' and other flrst-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_____^_.-___
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, oon-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post 6t.
A SINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate; classes now forming; term, 6 mo.,
$75 piano: languages, French and Spanish,
course, $30; special training during second
term for Paris Exposition, 1900. Rooms 6 and
. 20, Mercantile bldg., 530 Golden Gate aye.
ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years: pupils qualified to be court reporters;
terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
Parrott building, rooms 430-31-32.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as .teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rat?s; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUS. COLLEGE,
1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723- Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, i etc.: life
scholar&hlp, $50; low rates per week and mo.
PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission, nr. Sixth— Vlqjln.
mandolin, guitar, Juvenile class. $1 monthly:
guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
50c hour; excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
WANTED— English teacher; terms reasonable;
only letters. J. LEVIN, 557 California st.
DANCING taught: ballroom or stage; private
or class. IRVINE'S. 421 Post st.
40 CENTS a lesson by experienced piano teach-
er. Box 1412. Call.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory in
Leipslc; lessons, 75c. 110 Hyde st.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th at.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
1C i'ag-*s. In wrapppr. for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE -free; divorce, law, private estates. J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister st. room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
. free advice open t-gs. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance.
STORAGE./ .-■ -
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. ; cut rates. SCRIB-
NER & CO., 1145 Mission St., bet. 7th and Bth.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 101 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Mala 6711
. JSINESS CHANCES.
A— SALOON and cardroom: $15 daily; will
givetrial. KREDO - CO.. 22% Geary St.
BAZAAR; large stock hardware,
crockery, > etc. cheap rent; living rooms.
KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st. \
A— slooo— BEST restaurant: near Market; $80
daily; large, steady trade. KREDO _ CO.,
22-.. Geary st. : _____
A— S42SO— DRUGSTORE: fine opportunity for
doctor; $40 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick tor cast*
apply to MOON _ CO., 1008% Market st
A— SOBER, steady man wanted in estab-
. llshed business; pays $75 a month to eaca
yearly. MOON & CO., 100S% Market st.
A— S4OO— HALF cash; old-established business;
good team; will clear $125 a month; full in-
vestigation. 'MOON _ CO.. 1008% Market st.
$500 TO $2(00 per year can be added to yr>ur
regular income without conflicting with your
present business; a safe, conservative tnd
certain business proposition; indisputable -vl-
dence, with full particulars, on application.
THE OAXACA CO., 620 Fullerton building,
St. Louis. Mo. • ■
GROCERY; neat place; good business $ 500
Branch bakery $100, $125, $200 275
Grocery and bar $125, $150, $250 up to 1000
Saloons $60 $100, $300, $400, $600 800
H. WEHNER _ CO., 1027% Market st.
ONE-HALI' interest in best-paying
placer mine in California: yields $20 clear
profit daily; can be made to pay $100 with lit-
tle outlay; full investigation given; haif cash.
Address box 1406. Call office.
$300 WILL buy notion, stationery, cigar and to-
bacco store; confectionery branch bakery ana
circulating library; low rent and 5 sunny llv-
lng rooms. 1151 Mission st. -■-' ■
$50— BRANCH bakery, with 3 living rooms j.
rent $10; call to-day; no agents. 1000 Larkin.
BEACH hotel to lease; furnished; can be mad«
family hotel. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
SHOE shop, doing good business; cheap rent;
business locality; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
SALOON at a bargain. Inquire Callaffice.
BARBER to buy shop at bargain: must sell at
once; apply Sunday. 1055 Market at.
FOR sale— Cigar store; 2 rooms; rent $8. 1734
Mission st.
EXTRA location for harnesß shop or other
business, with 3 living rooms; also barber
shop and 2 living rooms. Inquire ROBIN-
SON. 22', Geary St.. room 27. .
LADY with $150 can secure partnership In a
flrst-Clase summer hotel; 30 furnished rooms;
old established and fashionable; investigation
invited. Address box 1421. Call office.
WANTED— responsible and live promoter to
push a big deal with millions In sight. Ad-
dress or see C. W. HALL, Grand Hotel, city.
A— s2oo; SALOON; 2 cardrooms; rent $15; must
sell to-day. 30ti Minna st. '
OLD-ESTABLISHED shoe store; between $3000
and $1000 stock on hand; will sell very rea-
sonable; owner going out of business; 50 mtlee
east of Sacramento. For further information
Inquire at 209 Mason st. '
GOOD corner grocery and bar; Al stock and
fixtures; computing scales; cheap If taken at
once. Inquire Call office. |_
$350 CASH will buy a saloon and boarding-
house. Address box 1427. Call office.
$30 PER share; 10 shares capital stock of realty
syndicate; par value $100. 503 California, r. 318.
BAKERY in Redwood City; good outside and
inside trade; 4 horses, 2 wagons; fine stoclc;
a bargain; account of sickness. Apply Call.
FOR sale— A good harness business in a lively
town. Address JOHN ROCCA, Jamestown.
Tuolumne Co., Cal. ;--■'■>■•'■•■"■: __
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
Call at 2029 Mission st. _
CIGAR stand; If sold at once; owner leav-
ing city. 304 Fourth st. _^
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
LODGINC HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
110 rooms; clears $3000 yearly —.$4OOO
60 rooms; Third st; corner 2750
64 rooms; best on Fourth st .. 2SOQ
4« rooms; Stockton; clears $150 1500
30 rooms; Kearny; offices _ 2200
22 rooms; Market; all full 1200
19 rooms; Mason; clears $50 month 850
14 rooms; O'Farrell; central; cheap rent.' 500
12 rooms; Van Ness: boarding; elegant.... 850
11 rooms; nicely furnished; Second 5t.... 200
10 rooms; new and good, with piano.... 500
10 rooms: Taylor, clears $30 325
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms; guaranteed to clear $350
per month; trial given. KREDO & CO.
20-ROOM house; rent $50.. ~ ._..._ $ 7SO
. 6-room flat; rent $22.....°. 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st ............. 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 t0............ _>0O
12 rooms; on Market st; rent $40..™...... 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner: clears $150 550
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
FURNITURE of 7 rooms; good condition:
owner leaving; $150. 560 Minna, 2 to 4 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSE, 31 rooms; all light rooms;
$750. 739 Folsom st -
$75— BRANCH bakery and delicacies, notions,
toys; worth $150; must sell. JONES, BGS Mkt.
LADIES, If you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIS. I.* Grant aye.. near Market st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-"
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sizes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission.
INCUBATOR and fancy wicker crib; cheap.
3336 Twenty-sixth st.
FIVE horse-power good engine and boiler: also
No 3 Knowles pump; cheap. 631 Market st_.
Oakland. ■
FOX terrier pups: the finest. ST. GEORGEJ
KENNELS, 120 Douglass st, bet. 17th & 18th.
PIGEONS— 6OO fine pigeons; mated; squabs;
coops, boxes, etc. ; cheap. 611 Turk st.
FOR sale— Fine set of 20 musical glasses, $10.
J. M., box 1503, Call office. , -■:■-.
COW for sale; cheap. 4509 Eighteenth st.
HOLSTEIN family cow for sale cheap. 19»
Preclta aye., off Mission.
NEW 22-ft. gasoline launch, 3 h. p. engine,
speedy, $325; will take sloop or small schoon*
■ er in trade. Address box 1448, Call office.
DON'T be foolish and throw money away; 50
per cent saved in purchasing from UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BRANCH bakery; $50; 3 living rooms con-
nected with it: rent $10; call' to-day; .no
agents. 911% Larkin st.
LATEST style Singer tailor machine;
large oak table; must sell. 812 A Filbert st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission »t..
above Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS 2 h. p. gas engine: Improved pa-
tent sparker: guaranteed. 618 Mission; cheap.
TOOLS _ machinery: every description, bought,
sold & exchanged; send postal. 648 Mission.
GASOLINE launch: good condition and fast;
price $1250. Box 1301, Call office.
FOR belting, pump cups, lace leather, pulleys,
etc.. Cal. Belt Co . tel. Br. 331. 519 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand : all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market.' S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HTrFSCHMTDT. K?» Golden Gate ay.
C __PET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Clean*
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 3">3-357 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.. tel. East 126.
~ — ' $
' PROPOSALS.
' SAN FRAN^CoT^C^^De^n^rwriSs^
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 12 o'clock m., January 18,
1599. and then opened, for construction of a
garbage cremator at Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids in whole or in
part. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal,
and such preference given to articles of
American production produced on the Paciflo
Coast to extent of consumption required by
the public service there. Information fur-
nished on application to undersigned. En-
velopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "Proposals for Cremator at Presidio
of San Francisco, .Cal.," and addressed to J.
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M -
___________ __
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL. Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell.;
and residence, 1021% Market.' bet. 6th and ft-,:;-:-;vV:i.-v. ;- CITY real, estatb.
'•.'■j'l 11. VMBSEN _ CO.
7,.V ; y. '-J';-: ':""• REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
..';■:•:;••■•.:"_.••■•-.•■•./-• 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
■:iV' ? :'."''.'':.v,..: : '{ CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
••".-••■,■.- $575-eac}j— Army s_, near Mission; lots 25x115
/..;:.. f.^j;v*eidy to build on; these are very cheap.
•f.'VV '."..'i StMOND BARGAIN— CORNER.
. ■.■/.sl'*oUt.>)i-ner on Eighth aye.; on line of Sut-
.••.:/ .••rer-^'qars and near Geary and Powell street
•'■•■.■•;..-UhJs-j;32':6.xi00; this is a real snap.
"•.•.'/..^^••'JSHSPION BUsmEsa CORNER.
; •: • .fljOQ— Hiif'iness corner: lot 29x100; terms one-
•• " -.iflf.th-'c^h;. balance at 7 per cent In 1, -, 3 or
';; ;\. 4 .s'_?ars£ ! --le.\'el and ready to build on.
•■.;:■:•.'•• •.-.'■• cMiVsioN cottage-very cheap.
:".■■ ,'''-SI4SO^T'CQZ.y -cottage of 4 rooms and lot 26x100;
•■ • . .M4ftsjuii; ; belt; handy to several lines of
.-.•■,. ■cars;-!:: very \>usy terms can be arranged.
',••■•■, ;■; '■ -i-' -,! aye. boulevard; 25x110; street ac-
.-;-. ,;«efii;?d.-"' : ': : ; . ".
..••■• : '"'; ; ',V-c6zy' COTTAGE-VERY CHEAP.
.'• •'..<"• '. S •: I >'.'--.-:"--i^y-. cottage, 6 rooms; nice flower
' .>■.' VrdW-! lot Z6x:>); handy to several lines of
'..'■'•'. .Jarsi.wlll be Bold on very easy termi.
■ '.-".V--.' -■.-■'"■•• .-"mISFION COTTAGE.
'■.->■":>' $IS&V4 A- -'real bargain; cozy bay-window cot-
.- '■•-': -ttisei-oT-. 6- -rooms and bath; brick foundation,
.■.t.-':.«;t one- walks: 25x114; nice flower garden;
;.'■;.;. hanxry'tp several lines of cars.
' V^ : ' ; -V^-'' WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
■ "■■'■■.'.'r.ilwy Must lie -told; no reasonable offer re-
: v'.f'usf«i:; gooa location for six flats.
: / ; VP&ESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
.'; ■/ {feiUfoijiiMmls fine marine views; 51:6 x
.- : V^fr-:i!-,. will suddlvide.
:;'■'■•: MINION FLATS AT A BARGAIN.
Z:' J'lW-^items $2?2 per annum: two substantial i
' i'-fiats -pt '5 and ' 4 rooms and bath each; brick
;:.':; jFo'ujijlation.
:.-. :• ■ rrnoiCE fillmore-st. cottage.
...". .-.s."r><jr_ Cozy bay-window cottage of 5 rooms «
:-..y^ahir.l..aih, etc.; -'■'•■
■■:■?' y~r '-.'mission FLATS-VERY cheap.
■:'■': . :"': s3Trc> — Shotwell Bt. ; rents $39 per month; 2 :
. '' X fiat* ' and cottage and lot; this is a splendid
: -- ;.p%.'rjng.
f-... : - ESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
..;'•■ .;.s£ii'O— Golden Gate aye.: 2 substantial houses
■ }-'-iif 8." rooms, I ith, laundry, basement, etc.,
.■.■eo^h:; 31:6x57:6; rents $4S, which can be consid-
v'l-rabiy . increased.
'.«•;■- 'd-ll a»d obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
■V: - .».V}r_sj- trhlch contains a list of properties for
"• •:'«_e.in* {ill parts of the city.
'•-■■•.-•■ ••'••" • G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
■•.,.:,•:•■•,: 14 Montgomery Et.
-■■:'■• : -:-. ; .'••■■■ FINK TRANSFER CORNER.
■ •■'•::.■..••• ..pirie f corner in Western Addition: transfer
■■'■'.p'riin-t for three ear lines; new 2-story build-
•J'.-ipg; -stores below and flat above; nov occupied i
: .-'V-b.y: pw.ner; would rent for $125; lot 25x9S feet: |
/VUt-iVis-a'-splendid investment. The owner must |
; V-' sen- -on .'account of elcknefs.
.■■.■:!■ '■■■■PQV7H OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
'••'*).':.,• L^t and' improvements on Seventh st., near
:.'•■ .Hfj-var-'d; lar. lot, 50xS5 feet; can be made to
.:brlng -in a line income; price $S5OO.
■-'■'.■ -/- WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
'.' ■•,'':%. -7-room 2-story house <n California st.,
.?.; V.^Vjip-- Baker: property in good condition; easy
;-;V',:terrt>s; ''price $5250.
■■■''■ : - ■•'•'V'"',V.-.. '.-. 37:6 FOOT FRONT.
■•'■•."■'. ''Oil'.- sick*- street, near Market; a 2-Ftory brick
'■■■■":■ Enui^cf 9 rooms: bath ad two patent closets;
■':.':. ijri 'giiod. condition; will always rent; only $3000.
::':■:': ''■'•'•• CHEAP PANHANDIiE LOT.
'.■•:•? 'jC-r'fe'pt.. near Pape; very cheap lot in Pan-
;.i-fcac : ih? -district; 25x106; price only $2300.
■ :-;..-•: y -''--y .CLAY STREET LOT.
' •"^••'■■■'■.S'fi'rth : £kie Clay St., near Walnut; "0x127.8
•' •' .-''feeti' -fine; building lot; for sale cheap; must be j
'[;<■;' ifalii. •■-■;;■•.'' •
'•'.'■'■':■:;:'/'.•■' . ■■■ PAGE STREET LOT.
■ i .- ■:• Supn-y Page st.. !ot, near Bcott; fine for flats; I
■•V'£:il'2i:B; -j^rlce $2250.
■w SfJtti.J-'f of -'-.our list of Presidio, Pacific Heights
. ■;aij;j': : Pa'ti'hahdle cheap lots.
• •■i'M^FE'K- BROS.. McAFEE BROS.,
;•;•■': ioS-M- .hi Ef-imery ■=t. San Francisco, Cal.
:' . Rj;.SS.g_ ; L .- &■ SURRYHNE,
i: ■i-.jieal'.. Estate Agents, Rent Collectors
■ ..'■■ •: V r .': .?.'■.' '-'.and Insurance Brokers.
'. : •■/:■■• 5.-.'-_8 MONTGOMERY STREET.
■ .-s4Ssoir-A very cheap place; nice 2-? tory resl-
.-■ ■ _e'flrtg',6: : rooms and bath, brick foundation; lot
'■' '•: ?2.'ixKfc--'eti_ny Bide of Washington st., near
: • FiU.nV.re."-- •
...■■;■/ !57 : p!:-f--Page St., clo«e to Market; four flats '
■ rrktiig'lfar $40 per month; lot 25x120, running I
• ■ th.'rbu'g)i..-t'o" a rear street.
". ; '■• i-is'OfO^-.T.yro new, modern flats: best part of ,
• Fa'ol'flcV Heights; rent $72 50; lot 25x110.
■ '■?:■'. : j»,}oiWituat. be sold; no reasonable offer will
■ '.-£ef .-'reYubetJ; ' modern. 2-.«tory residence of 11 i
' .joi>m.s-;'BLp'cl hath: lot . -i 2's; mortgage of j
..'-, ".cah remain: close to park. !
: -.ytJSiiy^'l'wo new, modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms; ;
. ;,'.r.e;rie"'.f.M per, month; lot 25x125; near the- park.
. '■:•'". $7500^-Modcrn residence, 9 rooms and bath;
■■;- >UTihy..*:ide of Page St.: lot 25x100.
:'.'' J^'j' - : 'ti.u i!lr aye. residence, near Webster St.;
:• ■» room*, and bath; note size of lot, 35x127 :S^A; ]
■ v. sun; ; srr-'4ay.
■■;-N:.-VljfP..OflO»r_ix modern flats on Geary St.. near j
-. : ••.-■fjcl-ay.ra-;..10t 76 x120; mortgage of $14,000; this I
■ .'•■' ■.prf>i>e'rt>; must be sold. !
<:■■■.■! $SJOO-4rPcsslbly less; modern cottage, 2 years
.VjGftl '.V on. Green St.; lot 40x60; easy terms if de-
•X.:^frea. : »•■'?-. . ' •
(!' - : ilfs'V— Building Iot; choice; Capp st., near
■ V'N.lJreteSrfth; lot C5x97H: street work all done.
:^•.''JStfJCMiEHegant. modern residence; north line
:->'6f.-iJf.loa.--«ti; short distance from Van Ness; S
.rbojßS and -bath; lot 28xl37H-
■■■ .- ; l&OOf^CTioice corner on Eleventh St., close to ]
■.::..Mar.itet',. ■.:■.'•■«■ occupied as a grocery; lot 25x75.
•'■ ;■ .'•jpTSH'Pulton St.; 2 modern flats; rent $65;
": : .te..lZ7,\*Xl37'i.
.-'" '.-J.2S> l - i: _lodjern cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot :
: y-pxl&. '.Mission warm belt.
."i. ■".■-'• ' •- : : ' . .: to close on estate; house, 9 rooms j
•';-'insL?Kiu_j> rot.- 22:11x80: Leavenworth St., near j
:V--fWi-v'3rj;i(r: any reasonable offer will be con- |
';'•: \BWcjfexf,j subject to confirmation of court.
•■.■-'-.•' .' : : : ■\.--a:. -:. •■ rth st., near Broadway; 6
. -,fc>O!Jpß;; : .'W>t 20x60.
;:'■• IJifeMK^QTeenwioh st.. near Montgomery, aye.
■■'••..VJ«l'i23xfA:'..qld improvements: want an offer.
. v-.V..sJ.6si'4;Noe st., near Fifteenth; building; lot,
..:.?<ilp;_s.-: .=
" V:v.-I>?KJ^rPBBe st.,- near DevlEadero; lot 27-.x
-'ij37! ?Ueet Lccepted.
lots in 'ferent parts of the city
. :;••;.:;.. i&Svss-:mpnthly payments.
." j: .jis Tm&nfWy. $100; level building lots, 25x120;
. .\<sfli'y,i'. block from San Mateo electric cars. JA-
:.v.COB" : BEYMAN & BON. 11 Montgomery st.
•os7 & HLY payments will buy a lot 25x
■.r:'i's>''./;w'Uri 2 cars; 1 block from the Ocean
' '.- ■-'.-txTvife'vard-. and el«etric road; can be rented
"v-jfdt 3 already sold. JACOB HEY- !
;:.;'iI ; AN &/SDN. 11 Montgomery Bt.
•-.J'VLOT-S- 'cheap on 11th a\p., In Sunset Heights,
••.."■• ' weady ..for. building; $10 monthly. JACOB
HhYM.AN & SON, 11 Montgomery st.
;.lii:.Y-A _ot~
'.-., •..-..• • FOR NEW YEAR'S
.$5. down and $5 a month; no Interest; no
taxes: .
■ #s. special New Year offering we will
pell' a', few -choice lots near Castro st. and Glen
Par-k: ■
•■ • ONLY. $250 EACH ONLY $250 EACH.
■'■ Lots -are 25x114, finely situated, and only 3!
blocks. 'from Castro-st. cars; they are the best
■ l^s- ia the market for the price. JACOB HEY-
U AJJ &.SO.N', 11 Montgomery st.
/." I-- RARE CHANCE.
'•:" •'. '. 000; rent $135; fine four-ctory building,
GorneT store and upper, and extra large lot,
• r ' .fil'cely..located on Mission st. Must sell this
: ■_ wetsk.
.- • .. : GREAT SACRIFICE.
; -..- '54250; rent $41 50: 2 elegant almost new
I ■  fla,t|s; Fajv.e tenants for 3 years; large lot 25x
122;. street accented.
••'"•■.'• DRAYMEN ATTENTION.
.'• , ■ $^7"."; flne home of 8 rooms and bath; stahle
'•■ .-.,; v an) 3. lot,' 60x120; only $500 cash and $35 a
."'.' : mo.n.th'; close to Point Lobos aye. and on car
•■' :=■" line. .' '
: : ■:.•'. PAYS. 12 PER CENT INTEREST.
■'■.■• ..-^3000—4 ne-.v fluts on accepted street, near
■;••> •'. •Gqlden Gate Park.
;•■;•■•:"•';■ ■:•' ■ BIRNHAM & MARSH CO.,
•";/:'•''. .-." • .."•. • 20 Montgomery st.
';.-.',: Xt-ER! ~~
•./•'■ £ --I-' ': HOW ABOUT BEING AN OWNER?
 ■ •■'■; :8.-r.ooth house and lot, $10 per month.
■-'■■■■ .^T.roohi house and lot, $15 per month.
:■::■: 5.- room house and lot, $20 per month.
■.■..''■-•*:■ jvrn houce and lot. $25 per month.
1 .■•■':•-■•■•: paying rent all hollow. Gives you a I
: <.-J»pme In a little while. We have them in 1
: ■ ..' ■xJlfferent parts ot the city
■:;. .■•■>.■•:'.'::'■'■;■• " JACOB HEYMAN & SON.
■■' '■■ .'•-"••■'■;• •'. ,_ 11 Montgomery st.
' •r^^KgLEGANT Pr««idlo Heights home; re-
• .;«. d<i.ce(l from $9000 to make quick sale; Laurel
■ _.'■■- st... near (lay.
'■ ./ .■-•.■- > $1 ISO— A snap; on Douglass sL. near lSlght-
-••.'.'- ,eenrh; all street work don*. ___
.' :•..-. $1100— Third aye., near California st ■ '-.x!2O
:...:■ ■• ■ $«£O— A chance for a home for less than the
•:-•;.'£ .prioe'of the lots; cottage of 3 rooms; lot s»x
; :■ ■ ; 100;- can arrange for easy terms or flat mort-
.;';.'-'• '.y. I . McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery st.
••. '. ,: - McKWKN BROS.. il l M jntffomery st.
•'.'• jH.^'ki-A pood buy: new Improvements: rent-
• ■"■.irH; for $140 per month.
".-,..-' .-/slsoo— A snug business cornpr: store and 3
■,".". rooms; flat of 6 rooms; strictly modern.
•■■-.; .'•• \'M6b— 'pick-up; Ninth aye., near r size
•••.f; ;-25x120. •
'..... -ENGLISH _ MORRIBSEY, SM Market st.
' •■■.. ! ':s*0 > ; WORTH $150— Lot 2 blocks from park and
■•• •" -.flt-ctrlc. " cars; p;iiiranteed to earn 5 tlmea
.•■•■••.- featfk -Interest: $2300; % cash, bal. $Ie p er
-.-.•■ '--mont-h;. 2 new flam, near 24th and Castro 1
./. .'.-tj. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
■•-.- POfi sale— Lot and brick building:, south side
'-. ■■'CVrmmercial 5t., west of Kearny; cheap. Ad-
..'■.-. rdifggs.Q. H. 8., 18 Geary »t.
° ■ .TI;iIHD st. buslnes* property; we want to sell
i :" -at onqe; will make a sacrifice to get money.
Box 1409. Call office.
• .'s3f>oo— BARGAIN; flats of 5 rooms, bath each;
. r-rft-ISl; lot J0x»0. Owner, 3019 Buchanan ut. j
CjITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW PROPERTY LISTED DURING THE
MONTH OF DECEMBER.
MARKET-ST. PROPERTY AT A SACRIFICE.
$12,500— L0t 60x100 feet, with good frame im-
provement; all rented; mortgage of IJUOU can
remain; this property ha^ an assured future.
$3600— .\taj- .Ninth ana Folsom sts.; rent $40
per month; 4 flats of 4 roomß each.
$S2.wk>— An offer wanted; .Drunim St.. close to
Market; corner lot, with old improvements;
rent $b7 5a • ,
A groat bargaln-S4SSO; 124 Beulah at., close
to Golden Gate Park (between W aller ana i red-
erick sts.); lot 25x137:6. with brand-new 2-story
bay-window residence ot 6 rooms, bath, etc.;
rinished basement; street accepted.
$4non--AimuM a 6C-vara lot on Lyon St., near
Post, with 2-story house containing 6 room*.
$3500— Seventh-lit, corner, near Fulsom; lot L'^x
80; ground rent $20. . _ . .
$45uO— Dolores-st. corner; store and flat above
containing 6 rooms and bath; also cottage con-
taining 4 rooms and basement; rent $3!»; extra
large lot, 55 teet frontage; must be sold at once.
$3100— McAllister St., near Baker; lot -oxioo,
with 1-story building containing store; rents $1!>.
$B»o— Mission St.. near Twenty-third; extra
large lot, 35x122:6, with house vi 7 rooms and
a *26,'(X>o — Mission St.. between Third and
Fourth; 3-stcry building containing store and
rooms abuve: very large lot, with double front-
I "Arwy'Vt.. near Sanchez; 2-story house
containing 2 flats of 4 roome and bath each;
lO «_!ow^MßPket St.. near Fifteenth; lot Mx
115; 2 fiats of 6 rooms and bath each; rent foO.
' $9000— Clay st.. near Battery; 3-story brick
building, store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70. . „ _
$5100-Golden Gate aye.. near Baker St., 2 flats
of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rent $i, 50;
°$5250— Fine business corner on Seventeenth
St.; new corner building, containing store and
flat of i rooms above; also new building con-
taining 2 flats of 4 ro inn and bath each; rents
$74; all tented; this property is a fine invest-
soooo— Clay st.. near Drumm; lot 25x60; im-
provements nominal. . "';_,' '■-",._ : i
527 500-Corner of Haight and Broderick sts. ;
extra "large lot. 17:6x112:6; 2-story, attic and
basement house of 16 rooms, 2 baths and all
2tMS-sB_iMlS^H&i et.. near Baker; lot
50x187:6; 5 tlats of 5 and ,6 rooms each; all
rented> BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
bsai. BBAnroyua^
22 Montgomery st.
Telephone Main 16,24.
S6O per lot— lots south of the park; Market
and otith aye.
$9500— Rents $75; two fine flats on Post, near
GouEh; 6 and 7 rooms each; just the thing;
make offer.
$4," 000— Valuable inside business property;
looks Into Market St.; large lot; good improve-
ments.
$S;,(X)— Rents $S0; three new flats; 6 rooms and
bath; each; l'age. near Fillmore: buy these
ar.d secure a steady Income of 10 per cent net.
$10,500— Rents $i 3 per month: Polk, near
Eddy; 3 fine fiats; 6, 7 and 7 rooms and bath;
best renting location in town; never vacant
since they were built.
— Downtown corner; business center;
SOxS7Va; a bargain. .
- HOWARD STRBET— INCOME.
$15,0 l »— Rents $150 per month; 6 new flats, al-
ways rented; choice location; big value for
the price.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 California st.
IMPROVED.
$25,000— Mai St., adjoining Oriel Hotel;
27:6x104; frontage on 2 streets; sold to close an
estate.
45:10x137:6; full -water lot; improved; leased
for G years at $250 per month.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington St.;
brick improvements; rents $190.
137:6X137:6: corner of Leavenworth and Green-
wich sts.; 10 rooms and bath; rents $50; $li',oOU.
25x90; Turk St., near Laguna; 3 new flats; ;
$11,000.
23x77; Jackson st., nr. Taylor; rents $76; SSSOO.
20x57.6; Lewis Place; west of Taylor; three
bay-window flats; rents $59; $6000.
25x82:6; Hayes St., near Steiner; fiats; rent
$42 50; modern bay-window; $5750.
20x57:6; corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
and lodging-house; rents $S5; $10,000.
,21x67:9; Powell, near Vallejo; rent $18; $6350.
24:3x69:9; Green, near Powell; new modern
bay- window flats; rents $38; $4500.
20x76:6; Vallejo, near Powell; $4000.
25x122:6; Shotwell, near 24th; 2 flats; $3500.
26:9x76:9; corner Boardman place and Fargo
place; Etore and flat: rents $22; $2200.
UNIMPROVED.
80x71:10; SE. corner Polk and Lombard.
25x115; Scott, near Washington.
25x85; 13th, near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
25:8x114; 2Sth, near Dolores; $1000.
60xlSS; corner B and 2;th aye.; $1200.
Sliver Terrace Hoine6t«ad lots cheap.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$16,000— Rent $l€ 0; a 3*4-story corner: mod-
ern; 6 years' built house of 42 rooms; 6 baths
and all modern arrangements; lot 44x97.6 feet.
$33,000— Market St., near Twelfth; lot 50x125
feet: Improved.
$5900— A busings property on Geary 6t. ; store
and 2 flats; rent $47.
$46, 5C0— Large corner, well improved; 1 block
from Mason and Ellis sts.
$12,000— Haight St., near Webster; 3 2-story j
and baeement, bay window, houses; lot 55x ',
137.6 feet.
$1100— Cottage and lot. 25x100, at Potrero.
$62,500— Market St.; l'j blocks from the Bald-
win: nne 4-gtory house.
$43,000— Near cor. Taylor and Market St.;
large lot; stores and flats; plan in the office to
make this pay 10 per cent.
$25,000— A 10 per cent proposition on Larkin '
St.; best business part; rent $186.
$3750 Rent $80; business property, store and
flat; owner wants to go to Europe, otherwise
would not sell at that price.
$25,000 — Reduced from $38,000; paylnr S per
cent now and will go up to $50,000.
$4250— Fine Park Panhandle cottage, 6 elegant
room?; lot 25x110 feet.
_____________________
BOARDMAN, HOOPER & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
_J3S_ MONTGOMERY ST.
$7500 — Bußh St., near Larkln; flne 2-story and
basement house of 16 rooms and bath; street
work all done and accepted: stone sidewalk.
$7000— Leavenworth St., near Clay; fine mod- I
crn residence of .9 rooms and bath, furnace,
etc.; rents at present for $45 monthly.
$4250— Hyde St., near Jackson: good 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 2.>x57;6; lot alone
Is worth the money; street bitumlnlzed; stone
sidewalk.
$5500— Tine modern cottage of S rooms and
bath: also servant's room; lot 25:6x102:6: Baker
st.. near Clay; street bituminized; stone side-
walk.
$6000— No reasonable offer will be refused; .2
new modern flats In Park Panhandle District:
6 and 7 rooms and bath: street bltuminized;
stone sidewalk: rents $57 50 per month.
FOR sale— House and lot, southeast corner
Mason and Pacific 6ts; will sell an a whole
or Will subdivide. Apply F. R. SOUTHARD,
storehouse Market-st. Ry. Co., Market and
Valencia sts.. or 734 Shotwell st.
_____________
MOXEV TO LOAN.
Nl>, SUMS FROi: $300 'TO '$r.0,000. at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real pstate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD.
131 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Vacant lot or land, value $2000,
exchange for Castro st. business property,
$3C0O; mortgage, $1600.
$4500— Sutter pt. business property and large
corner lot. Mission, exchange for 2 fiats.
Western Addition; will pay $2000 difference. I.
SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. - J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission Bt., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on (ttamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. Ml Market St.; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New F.ra Loan Co.. 1003H Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
movsl: low rate«; no commission; $25 up;
private party, ■RONNELLI, 130 Powell nt.
ANY amount of 6Vi P«r cent on reol estate, 2d
and Sd mortgages, estates, real rstat* In pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS to salaried people: any proposition
considered. C. G. TAYLOR. Chronicle build-
ing, room 76.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St., loarTon
real estate, chattels, advance rents, etc
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsFlon: privatd LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mrrtKaieeK and undivided Interests In
entates a specialty. MURPHY. fi3« Market st.
$50 TO $.'0,000: lnwei>t rates; l«t otid 2d morts.:
>ny prnr.n«lttnn. 'Prvdpn <i? Ifonfennwrv »t.
FINANCIAL.
"INS and Outs of WalFst?"— Revised edition;
Just out: 80 pages, with charts and tables:
full of valuable Information to 'peculators
and Investors; 10c In stamps. Publisher, P.
O. box 196. New York.
100 POINTS advance will goon take place in a
stock now selling below 10. Full irformutlon
will be 6ent free to thone who co;nriir-.cruc
with me at once. A. SNYDER, 103 Fultnn
st., New .York. . . .; ...
WANTED— Capital interested in 2 valuable ad-
vertising Inventions . (patented); want r<»-
sponsible party to form company to handle
them. , Address box 1437. Call office, v
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALI,, SUNDAY^ JANUARY 15, 1899.
CITY REtl, ESTATE. .
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st.
$7500— McAllister st., near Fillmore; 2 large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Must be sold— fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $55: only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush Bt., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough st.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and ;
bath; laundry ar.d large ceiiar; lot SlxS2:6.
$2600 oniy for a nice 2-story house in perfect ■
order; Hampshire tt., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
$5000— Three fiats: Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
$5000— O'Farrell st., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; .lot 45xS0.
Twenty-tilth St., near Sanchez; 6
roon-.s and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster St., near McAllister: 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6.
Hyde st., near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60; 1
only $2500.
$2200— Building and lot; west line Mission st.,
near Cortland aye.; 26x60.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Hai^ht and Octavla sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner: only $_50; California and Locust
BtB.; 37:6x107:7.
£0 ra: Buchanan st., corner of Chestnut;
$6000; 137:6x137:6.
Church st., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
per let.
Cheap; north line Jersey, near Castro;
SCxll4.
$2000— California, near Broderick, 24:9x82:6.
$3..oO— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:5.
Twenty-first st., near Sanchez; 50x114.
Si..' -Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$iUOo— Seventh aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$$00— Jersey st., near Noe; 26x114/
California st., near Second aye.; 25x100; $$00.
JbOO— Tremotit aye., near Frederick st.; 25x75.
MADISON _ BURKE. 626 Market st.
$6000— Fillmore St., near Sacramento, 2 flats,
6 and 7. rooms and bath; lot 25x90 to alley;
must sell: make offer.
$22,300— California st., corner; rents $.ISS; a
snap. Call for particulars. ;
Cheap lots on easy terms in all parts of the
city. Will buiid to your order on easy
terms. Plans at our office.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market st.
$2000— MONTH ; cottage, 5 rooms, bath; small
amount down. 340 Jersey St., near Castro.
~ I
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth Aye., near H st.
$400. $450, $"0Q to $800 each; street graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down, $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Agents on the ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 to $SOO.
$100 to $300; lots near Mlssion-st. electric
cars; ready to build on: $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice bulldlnsr lot on Army and Twenty-
Beventh sts. : close to electric road.
$5800— Good corner lor store; must be sold;
lot 62:4x80 feet.
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jsckson St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
F.O-vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain — Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
et.; 109x95 feet. |
GOOD building lots. $200 to $450; Spring Valley !
water: graded and macadamized streets. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
work done; will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Builder. £21 X St.. Sunset District. ,
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, meekly I
or monthly should remember that thnr can 1
borrow on their diamonds fromUNCLJC H_K- :
RIS. 15 Grant aye.. near Market. st. • |
country real ESTATE.
l?)w^pl?Tc^s^lo7?g^timr "
Choicest land in State at Antelope, Sacra-
mento County; 10-acre tracts, ready for crop;
no failures; no drought; land can pay for it- j
self; every farmer who is industrious can own j
his own place and become independent. v
McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery st.
124x140-FOOT -.vn lots; also 3 acres hill land,
with pood supply of water; all fenced; close ;
to depot in a thriving town 26 miles from this
city, on N. P. R. R. ; cheap for cash. Parti-
culars of A. BRUHNKE. 1714 Polk st.
$2 50 PER acre; bargain extraordinary; 690
acres good land r.par I'kiah; R. R. station on
property: selling to close an estate; Vi cash.
I. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
GOVERNMENT lands located; scrip or home-
stead; entry. For Information apply to J. C.
RICE, between 3 and 5 p. m., at surveyor's
office, 11 Montgomery st.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292, Call office.
FOR SALE— Country home of F. S. Wensin-
(ter; 623 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premise*. Freestone.' Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCH.V.\GE.
TWO elegant flats, near Broadway; price 57500;
to trade for large house in San Francisco,
Alameda, Berkeley or Haywards. P. X.,
box 2003, Call office Oakland.
TO exchange — House and lot in Ran Jose or in
Santa Cruz, for like property "in Oakland or
Alameda. Add. J. R. LENOX, box 1404, Call.
LOTS to exchansr* for little ranch; about $1500.
Address box 1236, Call office. •
TYPEWRITERS.
All typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used tor sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER- CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Caligraph, $15: Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery «t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
i OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
J2O CAPH, $5 monthly until paid for, a single
cottage and lot. 43.40x200; price $200, all told;
fine climate: Al soil; grand view; no fogs
nor cold winds; streets all graded: some
macadamised; city water; fine drainage; 3-
story school ■ and 3 electric car lines near;
50 families now have homes: Allendale Set-
tlement, East Oakland, 2 blocks from a 90-
-foot boulevard. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh St., cor. Broadway, H. Z. JONES,
owner.
STOCK ranch— acres; 2500 acres for alfalfa;
ICCO acres meadow Brass; 600 acres hay and
grain land; large reservoir; free water;
stocked and fully equipped; owner profes-
sional man; will sell at one-half cost, and
upon very easy terms; right party can make
ranch pay for itself. Address box 1211, Call
branch office, Oakland.
A— ss ionthly will buy a new cottage and two
lotß in Alvin Tract; take Haywards local
train to Elmhurst Station: trains stop in front
of the Alvln Tract, or Haywardl electric car
to Jones aye. ; free carriage meets electric
cars Sundays. JACOB HEYMAN 4 SON, 11
Montgomery st., city, or DO2 Broadway, Oak-
. land. ' : '- V
YOU can Fecure a large modern home of ulna
rooms, corner lot. overlooking Lake Merritt,
for good lot in San Francisco or Oakland.
Address box 187, Call branch office, Oakland.
LARGE fruit ranch, 100 acres, near Oakland;
will exchange for San Francisco or Oakland
property and assume small mortgage; value
of ranch. $16,000. Bos 474, Call branch. Oakld.
OAKLAND home wanted for good 6-room house I
and 2 lots In San Francisco. Address !
OWNER, Call branch office, Oakland.
$300,000— INCOME $21,000; will be increased:
mortgage $150,000: int. 4; will exchange equity.
1-:. E. BUNCE, COS Broadway, Oakland.
ELEGANT home, A-ams Point property, ad-
joining Vernon Heights; a beautiful new resi-
dence. Just built; 3 rooms, .bath, reception
hall, two pantfies, etc. : plumbing latest and
best; plate glass windows: hot air heater,
with pipes to all roomn and halls; lot 50x125;
more land can be hnd If desired; this Is
certainly a model residence; picture of same
will be sent on application: price $6000; terms
to suit pUTChaser. LAKE SHORE LAND
CO., A. H. BREED, manager, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal. ' '.';■'
OAKI AND^FIKM-tM I» ROOMS
SUNNY furnished rooms; single or en suite;"
also tor housekeeping. 418 Twelfth Bt., Oak-
land. '■'■'■■ ■ ' <
OAKLAND FLATS i-OR SALE.
TWO modern .flats of G rooms each at a bar-
gain on easy terms: well rented. Apply box
C 42, Call office.' Oakland.
O AKIiAXI) I"l HMM FOR SALE.
FURNIT. RE— Good ar.fl cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS old store, 40S Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.VMEIJA real ESTATB.
MODERN 7-room house: large lot: south front;
$500 down; balance $20 per month; occupied 3
.months; will sacrifice place; sell furniture if
desired; owner moving away. Address Own-
er. box 1407. Call.
«0\125 LOT on San Antonio aye.
$1100—50x268 lot on Benton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.
$1500 — 5-room cottage, on Grand St.; work
all done.
$2500—50x200 house, 8 rooma; windmill and
tank. \ *-• -
$33(10—50x150 elegant new housa. 8 rooma;
modern: at Morton-st. station; easy terms. .
Bargains in all parts of Alameda. Office
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
. • 1600 Park St., Alameda.
$2000— FOR Fale. a flne, new. first-class 5-room
cottage and lot: your own pfan; $300 cash, $25
month. J. H. YOTNr;, Builder. 1243 Park st. j
■ BERK— I.— V REAL ESTATE.
$17,0— lovely little home; house of 5 rooms;
bath; larre lot; street work all done: near
the station; any reasonable terms. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Station.
A VERY sensible New Year's present— A love-
• ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley station.
FRuTrVALE REAL ESTATE.
NOW is your opportunity— Offer wanted; half
an acre of sandy loam. with newly renovated
house, of 6 larce rooms and bath on one
floor; 7-foot basement; fruit trees in bearing;
fine artesian well; located on the N. side of
East Sixteenth St., In the best residence sec-
tion of Fruitvale; only 4 blocks from local
station; owner is obliged to sell; see this im-
mediately. H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale
Station.
CHICKEN ranch of 2Vi acres, with house of
5 rooms; barn, 2 chickenhouses, windmill
and tank; for rent at $11 per month; stock
and improvements for Bale; consisting of 50
chickens, 3 geese, 1 large brooder house, 1
incubator for 400 eggn, 1 horse, 1, harness,
1 buggy, 3 chickenhouses, 12 chiaften coops
for setting, 1 plow and other implements: all
for $200. H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Sta-
tlon, Cal.
HOUSES TO LET-
ELLIS st.— House of 7 rooms and bath. In-
qulre at 626 Eddy St.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14
Montgomery st.
JONES, 1709,' near Broadway— sunny rooms
and yard; rent reasonable.
PERnY. 212^— Bay-window house. 4 rooms;
rent. $12 50; water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN Sc CO.. Incorporated.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
TURK. 624. near Larkin— Sunny new house; 6
rooms; bath; gas; rear.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
$20— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath. 133 Page st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BRYANT, 2714—5 rooms; bath: laundry; large
stable; beautiful garden; electric cars.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, with stable. Apply
SOS 4 Union st.
SUNNY bay-window cottage. 6 rooms; flat 6
rooms, bath, cheap. 1876 15th st, nr. Dolores.
2 COTTAGES of 4 and 5 rooms, large yards
and sheds. Apply at S. E. cor. Twenty-
eeventh and Folsom sts.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 47 FLATS. 3 4 nns., $6 to $1"; 1" days free.
A— flats, ato S rooms, $11 up; 10 days free.
A— foqmß, $25 up. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
ALMOST new flat: S large sunny rooms, bath,
store room. 27 Elgin Park, near Market st.
BRYANT, 1726, bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth
—Sunny upper flat, 5 rooms, bath; modern.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna St.,
near Tenth.
HOWARD. 1806— Sunny bay-window flat of C
rooms and bath; cheap.
McALLISTER. 635— Sunny flat of 8 rooms; rent
reduced to $25; bath and gas. . .
MCALLISTER, 1723, near Broderick— B rooms
and bath; modern style; rent $35. ASHTos
6 GARDINER. - •
MODERN 5-room upper flat, 125 Ash aye, bet.
Polk, Van Neas, McAllister and Fulton.
POWELL, near Pine— Elegantly furnished up-
per flat: 6 rooms and bath. Box 1450, Call.
SEVENTH, 454, cor. Bryant— A sunny S-room
flat; apply between 1 and 3.
STEVENSON, 427, between Fifth and Sixth— 2
convenient flats. Apply rear or 705 Oak st.
SUNNY finely finished flats; 6 and 7 rooms,
baths and large basements: 721 Fourteenth st.,
near junction Market and Fillmore sts.; rents
$18 and $20. \
SUNNY modern lower flat; 5 rooms and bath.
224 Diamond st., above Nineteenth.
3 LARGE sunny rooms, with kitchen; bath-
room. 1136 Folsom st. , '
$1,000,000 TO loan on alamonda, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 nice large sunny rooms, kitchen
and bedroom, furnished complete for house-
keeping. $1 50 per week; no children. Apply
at shoe store, 562 Mission 6t. between First
and Second sts.
ALVA, May, Laura and all young and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st.
CLAY, 2419, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooma; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY, 468— Nicely furnished suite; housekeep-
ing; complete; also single rooms; private.
EIGHTH. Front sunny suite, $12; front
room, $5; bath and housekeeping privileges.
FIFTH, 309— New house; nicely furnished, sun-
ny, connecting suites; complete for housekpg.
FOLSOM, Large sunny bedroom, adjoining
kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping- rent $12 50.
FOURTH, 223— Furnished rooms; suitable for
light housekeeping.
GOLDEN Gate aye., 33ft— Nice sunny front
room; near City Hall; light houßekeeping.
HOWARD, 629— Rooms, $1 to $5; per night, 250
to $1; also housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1503, near Jackson—
sunny furnished rooms; $10; bath.
McALLISTER. Sunny front room, with
kitchen. .
MINNA. 620U— 2 nice Funny front housekeep-
ing rooms, suitable for 2 ladles or man and
wife; no children. - '
MISSION, 1142, nr. 7th— Bi_ - furnished rooms,
$3 mnnth: central; dean, respectable.
NATOMA, 63SB— Nice furnished room for house-
keeping ; private family.
NINTH. 20, near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rooma; gas; water; stove; $11.
NINTH. J ll— Two bedrooms and kitchen; bath;
also double bedrooms; running water.
O'FARRELL. 441—4 unfurnished sunny rooms
and bath, $15 per month.
SIIOTWELL, 718 — Two housekeeping rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; hot and cold water.
SIXTH. 216V4— Nice large sunny front rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable; adults.
SIXTH, 408—2 sunny connecting rooma; stove;
everything convenient; $10. ■
THIRD, 309— Sunny front rooms: single or
double: furnished complete; housekeeping;
low rent. _£
TURK, 35 — Furnished rooms, single or en suite; !
also 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
26TH, 3367, Dr. Mission— 2 large front sunny
housekeeping suites; furnished complete; $10
and $11. - ■ -..---
VAN NESS aye.. Parlor; sunny front suite
2or 3 ifioms; kitchen; gas range. '
WASHINGTON, 2907— Upper floor of .3 large j
sunny housekeeping rooms and bath; rent $16. (
IE MONTH; be<l and slttlne-room combined;
.sunny; furnished. Box 1402, Call office.
______________
"~ BOOMS TO LET.
AT 14A Geary— Good rooms and beda for $1 per
week; also sunny suite; cheap.
ASH aye., 12, near Larkin— airy fur-
nlshed room; private family; cheap.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or clngle; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT. Stockton, 242— Sunny front room*: aultes, i
single: facing plaza; day or month.
BIRCH aye., 507 A, near Octavia— Nice bay-
wlndow room; furnished or unfurnished;
rent $B. ' ■- ■' -..-.-■ . . •
BALBOA, The— Market St.— Suites, Sl5
per mo. upward; $1 per day; elevator; tel.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard—
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a ntcht;
- $1 25 to $5 week; open all night: Howard-st. j
. cars pass house direct from all trains.
ROOMS TO LKT— Continued.
BURNETT, 1364 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
CHESLEY, 68, between Seventh and Eighth— 4
rooms to let and also a stable; rent ?10.
CLAYTON, 412, nr. Golden Gate Park— Parlor
suite; grate; running water.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, US— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $0 per month upward.
EDDY, 207— Nice single room, $5; double, $.8
a!hd $10; with gaa and bath.
EDDY, Wfr— A large front room suitable for
housekeeping.
" 313— Nice BUnny room; running water;
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
FIFTH, 415— Large sunny front room, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
FIFTH. 43S (Mechanics 1 House)— Rooms, single
or suite, $1 wk. up; transient. F. W. Gardener.
FIM/MORE. 1100 — 3 elegant sunny corner rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping or professional
office.
FOLSOM. 776 Vi— Large furnished front room,
with grate; cheap.
FT'LTON, 7— One large sunny front room.
FURNISHED— Two single rooms for rent. Ap-
ply 2929 Sixteenth bet. Mission and Howard.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 527 — Nice sunny room;
reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 439 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery- and Sansome; rmr at 10c,
15c and 20c per day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND CARNOT, 41S Ellis— Nice comfortable
rooms; $1 25 a weefc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant eunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 417%— 2 unfurnished front rooms to
let.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $C per week.
HAMPTON place, off Folsom, bet. Second and
Third— 3 sunny rooms; yard; bath.
HOWARD, 953' i— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms and bath, $1 per week and up.
HOWARD, 1343. *ear Tenth— 2 large unfur-
nished front rooms, with bath; cheap.
HOWARD. ISOO, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; rent $7.
JONES 117— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window large rm. ; light housekpg privileges.
LARKIN, 512—1 gunny or 2 furnished rooms;
private American family; bath.
LARKIN, 706— Newly furnished front rooms;
light and sunny; single and double.
LARKIN, ?04— Large sunny front; nicely fur-
nished; grate; $8; large back room, furnished
housekeeping. <6 50. .
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunny single
room; $2 per week up.
MINNA, 153— Nicely furnished front sunny
room, with a grate.
lI I XX A, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1520— Front single furnished room
to let.
MISSION. 2533— Partly furnished 8 rooms; mod-
ern conveniences; warm belt; suitable for
doctor.
MONTGOMERY aye.. 430— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms.
N ATOM A, 81— Sunny front room; also house-
keeping rooms; single rooms; $1 a week up;
respectable.
NEW elegantly furnished rooms for gentlemen;
a nice home: reasonable. 684 Turk st.
NINTH. 113— Nice sunny furnished rooms; run-
ning water; private family.
OAK. 130— Sunny furnished front room in a
private family; upstairs.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights : day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 255, The Afton— Nicely furnished
parlors; running water; ga«, bath; also other
rooms; reasonable.
FiNeT BI4A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: moderate.
PINE, 1227-3 handsome unfurnished rooms,
over parlor floor; every convenience.
POLK, 810— Large handsomely furnished roan;
large closet; grate; gas; bath; private family.
POST, 1037— Sunny furnished room.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.. near Market st.
SEVENTH, 178— Nicely furnished double front
room; large closet; suitable for 1 or 2.
SEVENTH, 214— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
suitable for 1 or 2.
SHERMAN Apartment Housa. 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWBLL, 736— Furnished rooms, $3; Mis-
sion warm belt.
BIXTH, 136— Large front parlor, suitable for
dressmaker; double room for light housekpg.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable rooms;
sinjrle and en suite; reas. ; housekeeping.
TURK, B4J Nicely furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; very desirable; $1 50 per week.
1 PRIVATE room for gents ana two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and .lewelry are waited on, at UN-
ri.K HARRIS. 1" Grant avf.. nr. Market »t
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and room in private family, ?1S up;
EUiB and Leavenworth ets, Box 1738, Call.
BVsH, 634— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able.
FIRST, 415— Swedls private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Putter st.. corner
Jon fr— Best location in city; elegantly fur-
nished; nret class in every respect: excellent
table; elevator; suites with board, ?so upward.
HOTEL Falnnount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 16 Grant aye..
near Market st.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable: table board.
~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD boarded reasonable. Address box 1408,
Call office.
"stores to let.
PACIFIC. 324 and 328. corner Sansome— Large,
handsome stores; very cheap.
STORE, 2 show-windows, 2 living rooms;
'•tnT>. Address lS r ift Howard st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPP.ECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, janitor and telephone; rent* $11 5«
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room HO.
A SUNNY corner, suitable for offices; single
OT suite. 120G Market st.. cor. Golden Gale.
horses!
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
rarts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day grT.LTVAN &- DOYLK. Auctioneers.
WACOVS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SET second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys anil horsea. 1140 Fnlsnm pt.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriasre licenses have been issued a» follows:
A. L. Whitney Jr. and Josephine Driscoll. 2s-34
Albert Witt iind Lizzie Voltmann 30-34
W. H. Dohrmann and Melalne M. C0x... .28-91
Bernhardt Bnmberger and Hulda Sternfeld. 3l-26
George I- Lynde and Amelia O. Kine 59-47
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsad -with the name 'and residence of per-
sons authorized to hnve the same published.
BORN.
BERRY— In this city, January 11, 1899, to the
wife of G. S. Bern*, a son.
BRAMWELL— In this city. January 14. 1899, to
the wife of A. J. Bramwell, a daughter.
BURMEISTER— In this city, January 13, 1899,
to the wife of Henry E- Burmeister. a s=on.
CLARK— In this city. January 10, 18S9, t othe
wife of Edward J. Clark, a son.
D'ARCY— In this city, Jaunary 5, 1599, to the
wife of Charles DArt-y. a son.
FITZGERALD— In this city, January 6. BSD,
to the wife of John P. Fitzgerald, a daugh-
ter.
FRANKLIN— In this city. January S, 1599, to
the wife of Frank Franklin, a son.
GF.RLACH— In this city, January 11, 1899, to
the wife of John A. Gerlach. a son.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 1, 1899, to
the wife of Carlo Johnson, a Bon.
LEONARD— In this city, January 7, 1599, to
the wife of Joseph F. Leonard, a son.
LUCEY— In this city. January 14, 1g99, to the
wife of Eugene Lucey, a daughter.
McADOO— In this city, January 11, 1599, to the
wife of J. W. McAdoo, a daughter.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city. December 9, 189S,
to the wife of Dennis McLaughlln, a son.
MILLETT— In this city. January 9. 1399. to the
wife of John E. Milieu, a daughter.
MORGAN— In this city, January 11, 1899, to the
wife of John A. Morgan, a son.
REHFELD— In this city. January 9, 1899, to
the wife of Adolf Rehfeld. a son.
RENNEY— In this city, January S. 1899, to the
wife of John G. Renney, a son.
SCHMIDT— In this city. January 10. 1599, to the
wife of Junius Schmidt, a son.
STEALEY— In this city, January 14, 1^39. to
the wife of Dr. E. M. Stealey, a daughter.
SPALDING— In Alaxneda, January 7, 1599, to
the wie of Ch.irlos'W. Spaldine, a son.
WARREN— In this city, December 31, IS9B. to
the wife of Frank W. Warren, a son.
WYCKOFF-In this city. January 7, 1599, to
iie wife of Joseph M. Wycfcoff, a son.
MARRIED.
ANDERSEN-MATHIESEN— In this city, Jan-
uary 10, 1599. by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
AnderEen and Caroline Mathiesen.
BASTIAN-LINCOLN-In this city. January 12.
1889, by the Rev. J. H. Thelss. Fred H. Bas-
tlan and Ella J. Lincoln.
BAUMANN— EDELMANN— In this city. Janu-
ary 10. is<#, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. |
Charles Baumann and Mrs. Louise Edelmann. j
BONNIFIELD-HAKTT.EY-In this city. Janu- I
ury 4. 1899, by the Rev. .1. Fuendeling, Wil- I
liam S. Bonnifielil of Winnemucca, Nev., and I
Alice M. Hartley of San Francisco.
CONDON— TOWNLEY- In Oakland. October 24,
by the Rev. Father Nolan of St. Mary's
Church, .lohn I>. Condon Jr. and Mary Agnes
Townk-y. both of San Francisco.
DEUBNER— SCHEIDINO— In Oakland. Janu-
ary 7, 1 $;■:», by the Rev. J. H. Theiss. George
C. Deubner and Frieda Marie Scheiding. '
DOLF-BAKER— In this city, January 11, 1!>99,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Thomas Dolf and
Ida L. Baker.
GIESEL— VERHAOAN— In this city, January
11, 1889, by the Rev. J. Fu.-n.Mlng, William
Glesel and Mrs. Pauline Verhagan.
NIELSEN— HOLMGREN— In this city. Decem-
ber 81, lv>'>, l.y the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Thomas Nielsen and Olivia Holmgren.
BOEHL MARSCEN— ID this city, January 10,
1189, by tii,- Rev. .1. Fuen.lellng. William H.
Soehl and Margaretha Marecen.
STEGEMANN— DREWS— In this city, January
12. 1889, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John D.
Stegemann and Elsa L. Drews.
WESTPHAL— SCHOENMAKERS— In this city,
January 12, 1889, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Dr. C. H. Westphal and Pauline Schoen-
makers.
DIED.
Batchelder, Fidelia Milllgan, John D.
Bauer, John \V. Newell, Eugene T.
Belasco, Reyna Oh Lee
Bergln, Catherine M. Olson (infant)
Campbell, Mary A. Parsons, Th jmas K.
Dahlgren, Joseph B. Perry, Harry J.
Dermody. Francis A. Ristau, Louise
Dunn, Thomas n.imkau, May N.
Ellsworth, Martha Rossell, Christina
Fogarty, Thomas F. Schrieber. Albert R.
Futter. Jacob Simmonds, Genevieve
Johnson. Imogene E. Slinkf-y, Christine
Kennedy, Thomas H. Spiegel, Lily A.
McGillvcray, Angus Stewart, Minnie
McGloin, Daniel Toohey, Patrick
Marcus, Emma C. Venn. Georpre G.
Meinecke. Mrs. P. Washburn, Enrika
BATCHELDER— In this city. January 13, 1899,
Fidelia, beloved wife of the late Captain
Timothy Batchelder, and mother of William
H. and J. P. Batchelder, a native of Bath,
Me., aged 75 years 6 months and 8 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this "day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock sharp, from the
Third Congregational Church, Fifteenth
street, near Mission. Interment private,
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, by 3
o'clock creek route boat.
BAUER— In this city, January 13, 1599, John
W., beloved husband of Lizzie Bauer, son of
John and Caroline Bauer, and brother of
Jacob and Fred Bauer, a native of Phi'a-
delphia, aged 38 years 6 months and 3 days.
BELASCO— In this city, January 11. 1599, Rey-
na, beloved wife of Abraham Belasco, and
mother of David, Israel, Fred, Walter, Sally,
Henry and Edward Belasco, Mrs. Sarah
Mayer and Mrs. Hannah Heringhl, a nutive
of London. England, aged 68 years. (New-
York and London papers please copy.)
(C3^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho luneral services
this day (Sunday), at 10:30 o'cluolc, at
her late residence, 174 Ciara street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
BERGIN— In this city, January 14, 1899, Cath-
erine M. M., beloved daughter of John J. and
Mary A. Bergin, a. native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months.
CAMPBELL— In this city. January 12, 1899,
Mary A., beloved wife of Shadrick Campbell,
dearly beloved mother of James Campbell,
sister of Mrs. Blum, Mrs. Williams, James
ari<l Josle Foley and the late Mrs. Caroline
Jrffress. and daughter of the late C. C. Foley,
a native of Marysvllle. Cal.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 233 Guerrero street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DAHLGREN— In this city, January 10, ISM,
Joseph 8., beloved husband of Wilhelmina j
Dahlgren, brother of B. L. Godfried
I 'iihlgren of Chicago, and brother-in-law of
Mr=. Mary Carlson, a native of Orrefors,
Sweden, aged 35 years 2 months and 18 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the^ funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to Odd Fellows' Hall for servic*. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DERMODY— In this city, January 14. 189?. !
Frankls A., dearly beloved son of James P.
and Margaret Permody, and beloved brother
of Willie E.. Arthur P., James F. and Annie j
Dermody, a native of San Francisco, aged !
9 years 1 month and 14 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence )
of her parents. 609^ Grove street, thence to (
Sacred Heart Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DUNN — In the City and County Hospital, Jan- '
vary 14, 1899. Thomas Dunn, a native of |
Louisiana, aged 49 years.
ELLSWORTH— In this city, January 14, 1899, I
Martha, beloved wife of A. M. Ellsworth, a
native of Vermont, aged 49 years.
[CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2429 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.
FOGARTY— In this city. January 11. 1899,
Thomas F.. beloved husband of Sadie Fo- j
garty, son of Michael and Mary Fogarty,
brother of William J., Jennie. Charles E.,
N>llie, Florence and James Fogarty and
Mr?. David Wilson, and brother-in-law of
Mrs. F. Lauterwasser, Mrs. T. Jones and
John Butler, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years.
ICZFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence, 68 Converse street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FUTTER— In this city. January 13, 1899, Jacob
Futter of Sutter Creek, beloved husband of |
Robecca Futter. father of Samuel, Sadie and I
Ray Futter, and brother of Mrs. D. Bern-
stein and Mrs. M. Abrams, a native of Ger-
many, aged 58 years. (Sutter Creek papers
please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at P:45 o'clock, from the rr-sidence
of his brother-in-law. Mr. J. yilverstein. 536
Fell street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
JOHNSON— In this city, January 14, 1599, Imo-
gene E., beloved wife of Neils E. Johnson,
and mother of M. Edith Johnson, a native of
Stryksville, N. V., aged 00 years 6 months
and 10 days.
KENNEDY— In this city, January 13, 1899,
Thomas H. beloved son ot Ellen E. and the late
Thomas H. Kennedy, and brother of Joseph
P., John V.. Margaret C. and Ella Kennedy,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday i, at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 318 Page street. Interment Mount Cal-
vury Cemetery.
N. S. <~i. W.— Alcatraz Parlor No. 145. N. S.
Q. \V.: The members are requested to meet
at 31S Page street this day (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Thomas H. Kennedy.
T. J. BARKY. President.
F. W. SINK, Recording Secretary.
McGILLVERAY— In this city. January 13, 1899,
Angus, dearly beloved husband of Sarah M.
McGillveray, and father of William. Katie.
Margie and Mary McGillveray, a native of
Scotland, aared 54 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from his late residence. S Vir-
ginia avenue, between Twenty-ninth and I
Thirtieth streets, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
McGLOIN— In this city, January 14. IS9S, Dan-
iel, beloved husband of Annie McGloin. and
father of Daniel J. McGloin. a native of
County Sligo, Ireland, aged 50 years.
C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1325^-i Natoma street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo'B Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARCUS— In this city, January 13, 1899, Emma
C beloved mother of Morris Marcus, a na-
tive of New York, aged SO years 11 months
and S days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1630 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flanagan A Gallagher).
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB AU. ' !SB*JL
80 Fifth at., oppoilu Lincoln
Telephone South 80.
| •
MEINECKE— In San Pablo, January 14, 1899.
Mrs. Phillipine Meinecke, beloved mother of
Mrs. J. S. Wolf, Mrs. C. S. Brandt. Mrs. C.
H. Grasser. Mrs. R. T. Mills and Henry
Meinecke, a native of Wle6baden, Germany,
aged 70 years 7 months and 2S days.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
January 17. at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. J. S. Wolf, San Pablo, thence to the
German Lutheran Zion Church. corner
Twelfth and Myrtle streets, Oakland, where
services will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery-
MILLIGAN— At the hn?p!ia<, Grand Fork*
near Dawson, N. W. T., November. 21. IS9S,
John Dickson, youngest son r>f Elizabeth and
the late Alex Milllgan, and brother of Robert,
Alex and Mary M. Milligan, a native of
Glasgow, Scotland.
[CTlnterment took place at Grand Forks
November 27.
NEWELL— In West Berkeley. January 14. 1599.
Eugene T., beloved son of Eugene and Eliza-
beth Newel], and grandson of Henry and Ann
Wendom and John and Catherine Newell, a
native of West Berkeley, Cal., aged 4 years
and 14 days.
OH LEE— In the City and County Hospital,
January 14. 1899, Oh Lee, a native of China,
aged 30 years.
OLSON— In this city, January 14, 1899, Infant
son of John and Abbie Olson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 day.
PARSONS— In this city. ' January 13. 1899,
Thomas Raymond, beloved son of G. W. and
N itie Parsons, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months and 11 days.
PERRY— In this city. January' 13. 1599. Harry
J.. beloved husband of Lena Perry, a native
of Louisiana, aged 4f> years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 440 Thirty-fifth avenue. Interment pri-
vate
RISTAU— In this city, January 14. 1599. Louise
Rlstau. beloved mother of Gussle. Mrs. Alex
Oden, and grandmother of Edgar and Milton
Oden. a native of Germany, aged 62 years 8
months and 1 day.
(CTFriends and acquaintanfes are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Mnnday>. at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Alex Oden, 1(509 Dupont
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RONDEAU— In this city, January 13, 1899.
May N., beloved wife of Louis A. Rondeau,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 54 years 8
months and 12 days.
ETFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 334 Third avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
ROESSELLr^In this city, January- 14, 1599,
Christiana Roessell, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years.
SCHRIEBER— In Fruitvale, Oakland, January
14. lS?ri. Albert R., dearly beloved son of the
late Captain John and Nellie Schrieber,
grandson of Captain R. Barren of Mount
Eden, Alameda County, and cousin of Mrs.
H. L. Samml and Mrs. A. Stuhr, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years 11 months and
25 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Samml, 284 Thirteenth
street, near Mission. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
SIMMONDS —In this city. January U, 1899,
Genevieve Rose, beloved daughter of Thomaa
and Rose Simmonda, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 23 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 623 Seventh street. Interment
private at Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SLINKEY— In this city, January 12. 1899,
Christine, beloved wife of J. E. Slinkey, and
mother of Lillian K. and Milton Otto Slin-
key, a native of Germany, aged 54 years.
OLD FRlENDS— Officers and members of the
Society of Old Friends are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral of Mrs. J. E.
Slinkey, wife of the secretary of the Old
Friends, this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock.
CAPTAIN J. W. HOWELL, Pres.
JAMES O'CONNOR. Vice President.
SPIEGEL— In this city, January 14, 1899, Lily
Anna, beloved daughter of Christ and Anna
K. Spiegel, and beloved sister of Louis,
Julius. Freda, Bertha, Alice and Christ
W. Spiegel, Emma Dumaraz and Rob-
ert and Minnie Miller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 19 day*.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'qlock, from the residence of
her parents, 1154 Folsom street, near Eighth-
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city, January 14, 1899, Min-
nie, beloved wife of F. J. Stewart, and sister
of Jeremiah Linehan, a native of Glenbrook,
Passage West, County Cork, Ireland, aged
36 years.
[C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ZiA Third street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be held for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TOOHEY— In Tehachapl, January 14, 1599, Pat-
rick Toohey, .beloved brother of Mrs. P. Mur-
ptfy and Mrs. James McHugh. .uncle of Mar-
tin Toohey, and nephew of Mrs. Luke Kelly,
a native of the parish of Chascrough, County
Gal way, Ireland.
E7"rhe luneral will take place from the
residence of Patrick Murphy, 1062 Willow
street, Oakland. Notice of funeral hereafter.
YENN — In this city, January 11, 1599, George
G., beloved son of Charles C. and Catherine
Venn, and brother of Mrs. F. P. Gilbert. Mrs.
A. Messee and Harry, Maude and Gertrude
Venn, a native of San Francisco, axed 19
years 10 months and 18 days. (Detroit, Mich.,
papers please copy.)
(CFrienus and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. "f)O2 Laguna street. Interment private.
WASHBURN— In this city, January 14, 1899,
Enrika M. Washburn, mother of Lloyd Wanh-
burn, and wife of E. E. Washburn, a native
of Stockton, Cal., aged 49 years.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edward" F. Sweetman to James H. Sweet
man, undivided half of lot on S line of Jack
son street, 65 E of Fillmore, E 25 by SK',
--SIOOO.
William and Helena Well to Gustav and
Amelia Schier, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
Btreet, 50 E of York, E 25 by N 184; $lU.
Peter J. and Mary E. >'arr (by Frederick YV.
and Arthur F. Bridge, trustees) to Carrie E.
Bridge, lot en W line of Howard street. 103
S of Twenty-fourth, S 34:10 by W 115 (trustees'
deed); $704.
Margaret Coffey to Joseph and Maurice Cof
fey, lot on W line of Church street, 50 S ol
Army. S 26 by W 80; $5.
Albert Meyer to Walter J. Noonan, lot on B
line of Douglass street, 64 S of Elizabeth, S
25 by E 125; $700.
Joseph and Mary Cuneo to Gianbatista Cer
regrhino, lot on N line of Bay street, 132:5& W
of Montgomery avenue, N 70 by W 2 for an
alleyway; first parties also declare the next 2
feet W on the N line of Bay street as an alley
way; $85.
Manuel J. Saymon to Elena E. Rodlfer (wife
of Robert E. Kodifer), re-record of 1779 d 294.
lot on SE line of Clementina street, 110 NE ot
Fourth, NE 40 by SE 60; gift.
Margaret Coffey to John J. and Alice Coffey,
lot on NE line of Gilbert street, 225 SB of Bry
ant. SE 25 by NE SO; $5.
George J. and Rebecca L. Strong to G. L.
niackwell. lot on E line of Twelfth avenue,
75 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin to R. P. Ham
mond, lot 238, block 34, Mlsslon-and-Thirtieth,
street Homestead Union; $10.
William J. Smith to Cora A. Smith, lots 822.
824. l'W and 1626 and property in other counties
(quitclaim deed): gift.
Alameda County.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to J.
Dermot. lot 83 In plat 8 of said cemetery. Oak'
land Township; $48.
F. D. and Margaret B. Frost to Cecelia
Blackburn, lot on S line of Histe street, 210 W
of Mllvla. W 50 by S 1»5, being lot 9, block
«, Barker Tract, Berkeley; also lot on SE line
Of Mina street, 275 fIW of Warren, SW 125 by
. being lots 23 to 32, block IS, resubdl
vision of townslte of Fitchburg, Brooklyn
Township; $1000.
J. Jr. and Mary E. .Conroy.to Henry Meyer,
lot on SW corner of Ellis and Woolsey streets.
S 60 by W 120, being a portion of lands of
Regent-street Homestead, Berkeley; $300.
Ellen Hurley to same, lot on W line of Ellis
street, 50 S of Woolsey, a 70:6 by W 120, bein»
a portion of lot 75, same; $750.
John and Sophia Elder to H. B. Griffith, lot
on S line of Fair-view street, 160 E of Calais, H
50 by S 135, being lot 14, block D, Harmon
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
H. B. and Lina P. Griffith to John and
Sophia Elder, lot on SW corner of Santa Clara
and Versailles avenues, W 141 by S 46, being
lot 14, block 9, Hays and Caperton property,
Alameda; $10.
William B. Heywood to Southern Pacific Rail
road Company, .S4-aere lot, being 30 in width,
through block I, Berkeley Land and Title In
surance Association, Berkeley; $10.
Samuel and Charles Heywood to same, lot
on XW corner of Second and Bristol streets,
W 5«, NE 89. 06, S 70 to beginning. Berkeley;
$1.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Hans Ras
mussen, lot on E boundary line of University
Terrace, S2S:6 NW from SE corner of lot 18.
University Terrace, thence NW 20. W 230, 8B
40, E 230 to beginning, portion of University
Terrace. Berkeley; $100.
Catherine Ward tn David J. Curtin, lot on
NE corner ot Linden and Twelfth streets, N
96:6 by E 90, block D, Oakland Central Home
etead. Oakland; gift.
William E. Allen to Catherine S. Schmidt,
undivided half Interest in lot 8. block 79. Tract
B. Berkeley Land and Title Insurance Asso
ciation. Berkeley: also undivided balf Interest
in 5 acres in Contra Costa County; $100.
William and Jane Mclntyre to town of Berke
ley lot on E side of Berkeley View Homestead
Tract, 3CO N of Vine street. NE 30.05, SE 330,
SW 30.03. NW 330 to beginning, being a por
tion of plat 84, Rancho V and D Peralta, Berke
ley; $450.
Charles Franck to Anna E. D. Franck, undi
vided half interest Jft lot on E line of Mag
nolia street, 126 N of Fifth, N 50 by E 125.-S,
being lots 12 and 18, block 4SB, Brings Tract,
map 2, Oakland; $10.
Nancy E. Batchelder to Rose Moreira, lot on
E line of Lewis street. 100 N of West Third. N
25 by E 125, being lot 11. block G. Bay Visw
Homestead, Oakland; $82fl.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Jessie B.
Stroud, lot on SW line of Santa Clara avenue,
IM.TJ SE of Oakland. SE 50 by SW 150, be
ing lot 10, block J, Linda Vista Terrace, map
2, Oakland; $10.
Mary 8., Alice R. and Frank L. Owen to
Giuseppe and Ropa Cava. lot on S line of West
Third street. 54 W of Linden, W 37:« by S 94.
being lot 30. and E 12:6 of lot 29, block 443,
Adellne-and-Market-ptreet Homestead, Oak
land (quitclaim deed); $10.
1516
THEY SEEK FOR
JUSTICE ONLY
Representative Filipinos Who Will Ask
Congress for Liberty and Self-
Government
THE stenmrr Nippon Maru of the
Toyo Kisen Kalsha line, from
Hongkong, which arrived h.-re
yesterday, brought from Manila
three most interesting persons.
The trio in question consists of
Dr. Jose Lasoda, "professeur de la
faculte de medecine" of one of the
established colleges in Manila; John
Luna, "artist peintre," H. (_'., "mem
bre de la Societe dcs Beaux-Artes de
Paris" and "correspondent dv journal
'La Independencia,' " and M. Marti
Burgos, "capitaine de I'armee Philip
pine."
It was stated that the party were
members of Aguinaldo's cabinet and
were on their way to Washington on
some secret mission which they re
fused to divulge. Such is not the case.
The three gentlemen, who are at the
Palace, it is true are en route to the
national capital, but they have no
hesitancy in talking of the nature of
the business that brings them to this
country. They come as the repre
sentatives of the provisional govern
ment of the Philippines, not in the
■ 1" commissioners, but more as
suppliants to lay before Congress and
the President the fact that th
ii>inos desire to govern themselves.
They propose to ask in the name of
common justice that the United
States allow them to have their own
independent government. They fur
ther declare that they believe that this
will be granted when they are allowed
The New Reporter's First Effort.
■| A man killed a dog belonging to anoth
! er man. The son of the man whose dog
: was killed proceeded to whip the man
: who had killed the dog of the man he was
the son of. The man who was the son of
the man whose dog was killed was arrest
■ ed on complaint of the man who was as
saulted by the son of the man whose dog
the man who was assaulted had killed.—
Chicago News,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REMEDIES
THE SET
$1.25
JConsistingof CUTICURA
SOAP, for the bath, CU-
; TICURA (ointment), for
the skin, CUTICURA
: RESOLVENT, for the
blood, is often sufficient
: to cure the most tortur-
ing, disfiguring, and hu-
miliating skin, scalp and
blood humors, with loss
of hair, when all else
fails. ■ -
CUTICURA SYSTEM OFTREATMENT-
CUTICURA RESOLVENT purifies the blood
and circulating fluids of HUMOR GERMS, and
thus removes the cause, while warm baths
with CUTICURA SOAP, and gentle anointing
with CUTICURA (ointment), the great skin
cure and purest of emollients, cleanse the skin
and scalp of cruets and scales, allay itching,
burning and inflammation, soothe and heal.
Thus are speedily, permanently and economic-
ally cured the most torturing, disfiguring hu-
mors of the skin, scalp and blood, with loss of
hair, when the best physlcianß and all other
. remedies fall.
Sold throughout the world. CUTICURA SOAP.
25c; CUTICURA (ointment), 50c: CUTICURA
RESOLVENT. 50c and $1. POTTER DRUG
AND CHEM. CORP., Sole Props.. Boston.
"How to Cure Torturing Skin Diseases," free.
SAVE VflllP Hands and Hair by using
MtciuUflMun cuticura soap.
to state their reasons why the wish
of the Filipinos should be acceded to.
They propose to show from the pre
vailing condition of affairs In the Phil
ippines that their request is a just one.
They come to this country as three
representatives of their country and
with the knowledge and consent of
their government.
Dr. Lasoda is one of the most promi
nent physicians of Manila. .He is a pro
fessor in one of the colleges iht-:'<' and
is a mnn of high education. Artist
Luna, who !s a member of, the Salon at
Paris, and whose pictures are always
admitted to the Salon without having
to be passed on by the committee or
admission, is also the correspondent
of the Journal of Independence in
Paris. He has a reputation as an
artist and is well posted on the condi
tion of affairs in the Philippines. Cap
tain Burgos is one of the best known
officers In Aguinaldo's army and a
highly educated gentleman. With the
assistance of an interpreter and
Editor Ribas the trio made the fol
lowing statement for publication:
They desire that this Government
will listen patiently to them until th^y
can thoroughly explain the situation.
Ever since 1872 they have been in
actual rebellion against tho rule of
Spain. They have been fighting for
their freedom under an established
government of their own, and they
Believe It is but just that they should
be allowed to govern their own coun
try. They first wish to a.s<t j rtain the
feeling of the United Stan? in the
matter. They claim that the Filipinos
as a people do not understand the
Americans, and that they look on them
PLEASURE WILL
WAVE HER WAND
FOR TOTS IN PAIN
Monster Benefit for
Wee Patients.
TO BE THE ORPHEUM'S BEST
GENEROUS ARRAY OF TALENT
IS ALREADY ASSURED.
The Charitable May Now Aid tao
Children's Hospital and Enjoy a
Rare Artistic Treat in the
Bargain.
One of the most worthy institutions in
this city Is sadly in need of funds with
which to carry on its good work. The
name of the Institution has only to be
mentioned when the charitably Inclined
people of this city will know that the
cause Is truly a worthy one.
It is the Children's Hospital, and for
some time the good ladies who devote
their time to its welfare have been seri
ously hampered in their work for want
of sufficient funds.
Now Morris Meyerfeld, president of the
Walter Orpheum, has generously donated
the use of the Orpheum Theater for a
monster benefit, and every cent taken in
at the box office on that afternoon will go
to swell the hospital funds. There will be
no deduction made for rent, lights, em
ployes or music. Whatever comes in is
just so much added to the funds that the
ladies will have on hand to alleviate the
sufferings of the little children in the
hospital wards.
Manager Morrisey of the Orpheum has
secured the services of all the Orpheum
artists and a number of volunteer talent
as well. Harry Orndorff, the Orpheum's
stage manager, and his corps of stage
hands will contribute their services, and
Director Rosner and Leader Jatilus of the
Orpheum orchestra have prepared a spe
cial musical programme for this occa
sion.
JThe list of talent includes the Arbras
European acrobats and musicians, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
as invaders since they continue to
keep an armed force in the islands.
To this fact they attribute the pres
ent warlike state of affairs. They say
the Filipinos will never consent to be
under this Government as a colony,
but they admit that they might agree
to an equal citizenship. Statistics
show, they claim, that there are 11.
--000.000 people in the Islands, and of this
number 600.000 have never been under
the rule of Spain. These the Spanish
called the unconquerable. The Spanish
also gave out that the population of
the islands was only 7,000,000.
Under their present government the
power of Aguinaldo is recognized as
being absolute. The people of the
islands were made tn believe when the
war begun that this country was
merely helping them to gain their
liberty, as it was the wish of this
country that all nations should be
free. They think in view of thjs fact
that it Is but just that the United
States should find out what the Fil
ipinos desire, and not that they should
Peek to learn the wishes of this coun
try. They claim that out of a popula
tion of 10,000,000 at least 9,000,000 recog
nize and are loyal to the government
as represented by Aguinaklo. The
three gentlemen are unanimous in say
ing that if this Government sees fit to
allow the Filipinos to have their own
government, then the people of that
country will out of gratitude give to
this Government the preference in all
things.
The party will leave for Washington
some time this week, but at present
they do not know the exact day of
their departure.
four Avolos, the London xylophone won
ders; Max Cincinnati. Europe's most
clever comic juggler; Johnnie Carrol and
Adie Crawford, in their black-face spe
cialties; George Evans, monologue artist;
Barton Hill and Charles Willard, assisted
by Ella Sothern and Lucila Nunn, and the
great Papinta, with her wonderful myriad
dances. She will have something new to
offer on this day. and in addition will give
her services as a flower girl. Then there
Is Qu.-rita Vincent from the Olympla.
Miss Vincent was recently brought out
from New York for an engagement at the
< •lympia, and shp lias proved as great a
favorite at that house as she is in New
York. She will sing her latest songs and
dance her great Cakewalk dance. Little
Biddle and Master Mangles will appear
In their clever juvenile dances and songs,
rhis little pair of volunteers are only six
and seven years of age, but they want to
do what they can toward this good cause
Some twenty or more of the leading lady
members of the Columbia, Tivoll and Al
cazar companies have offered their serv
ices in the selling of flowers and pro
grammes.
With such an array of talent the Or
pheum ought to be packed to its fullest
capacity on this occasion. It looks as
though there would be a $1 50 show at
the nominal price 10, 25 and 60 cents. For
this matinee the Orpheum management
has agreed that evening prices shall be
charged. This is something out of the
ordinary for the Orpheum. But it is de
sired that the hospital funds should be
Increased to the greatest possible amount
and for this reason evening prices are
charged. Reserved seats are now on sale
at the Orpheum box office.
Reception Invitations.
For the engraving of invitations for
weddings and receptions Messrs. Cooper
& Co. have unexcelled facilities. The best
engravers are employed and styles which
are thoroughly up to date. •
HISTORIC FLAG FOR
GOLDEN GATE PARK
THE "homeward bound" flag purchased by the crow of the little dis
patch boat McCulloch will become the property of Golden Gate Park
this afternoon, and hereafter on gala occasions will float proudly
from the nag-pole at the bandstand as a memento of the glorious
service done by the boys in blue at Manila. The flag is a very handsome
one, 18x30 foet in dimensions, and made of the best Japanese silk.
When Admiral Dewey ordered the McCulloch home the crew of enlisted
men clubbed together and raised a purse of $175 with which they bought the
flag. At sea there were many consultations held regarding the final dispo
sition of the pretty banner. The matter was put to vote. Several ballots
were taken and Golden Gate Park came out winner every time. This is
the more of a compliment to San Francisco as the boys o» the McCulloch
only knew of the park from hearsay. They are from Philadelphia and
vicinity and had never seen the park.
As many of them leave for home to-morrow, there will be little cere
mony. The flag will be presented by a member of the crew at 2-30 this
afternoon and will probably be received by Mr. Metßon on behalf of th«
Park Commissioners.
W. F. HERRIN
DENOUNCED BY
ANGRY MINERS
Charged With Grabbing a Valua
ble Mine From a Defense
less Old Man.
Dave Nagle and His Ready Gun Were Con
nected With the Job— Gold Diggers of
Tuolumne Are Aroused.
THE miners and merchants of Tuol
umne County, who have often read
of the devious methods of W. F.
Herrin in his various capacities as
general manipulator of the Southern Pa
cific's dubious schemes, not only believe
these charges made against him, but by
the diggers in the mines about Sonora he
is considered a heartless, oppressive man,
who is using his great power of wealth
and position to defraud a poor old Italian
miner of a valuable mine. Herrln's agent
In this instance is the notorious Dave
Nagle, whose reputation is too well known
to require airing. Herrin's operations in
this mining deal are nothing less than
claim-jumping, if the statements of the
oppressed miner, his lawyer and his
friends are true.
From the United States Land Office at
Stockton and the attorney for an op
pressed miner at Sonora The Call has
obtained the facts contained in the story
of the Carlotta Mining Company, of
which W. P. Herrin is president and Dave
Nagle superintendent. This company has
applied for a patent on a mine which has
been in the undisputed possession of one
man for over forty years, and by a most
peculiar error the surveyor who was em
ployed by both sides made a plat locating
the uriglnal owner on a site six miles
from his original location. Herrin s com
pany was located on the proper range,
and the land office refuses to correct the
surveyor's mistake.
A man employed to do assessment work
by the original and rightful owner of the
mine in question has been driven from
his work by Dave Nagle, who stood with
a rifle in his hand and threatened to kill
any man who interfered with the scheme
he has charge of. Tuolumne miners are
peaceful, law-abiding citizens, who hate
Injustice and despise a swindler. These
hardy men have no fear of Dave Nagle s
ever ready gun, and should his linger
ever press the trigger and harm an in
offensive man in that section hia punish
ment will be swift and sure. These nien
who are wresting wealth from the rocks
are more than indignant at the treatment
one of their kind has received from Her
rin, Nagle & Co., and they unhesitatingly
denounce the legal adviser of the Hunt-
Way back in 3850 Francisco Cardemar
tori located the Venus claim and re
mained in undisputed possession of the
property up to a year ago. He worked
hard and incessantly to develop the prop
erty and success was about to crown his
years of labor and poverty, when he
learned that several rich and powerful
men claimed his property. The Carlotta
mine had been located in I&>9, and was
being worked by its owners, Sutton and
Symons, who sold out to the company
which now seeks control of and title to
the major portion of the Venus claim.
Cardemartori believed the Carlotta was
the adjoining claim to his own, on which
he had labored for over forty years. Be
lieving his title was safely established
and not expectin- an attempt would be
made to rob him of his mine, he paid no
attention to the work being done on the
mine near his own. He was fortunate
enough to strike a rich vein and was just
beginning to develop It. Never antici
pating that his claim was practically the
same as the Carlotta, the aged miner con
tinued his daily efforts to extract the pre
cious gold from nature's strong box, se
renely indifferent to the operations going
on not far from his tunnel.
The Carlotta claim was u^> for sale for
several years, but no one familiar with
the country or the conditions would buy
It as it was not patented, and the old
Italian's claim was recognized as .ne bet
ter of the two. Many miners also knew
there was a conflict in the claims, but
as the question had never been brought
to an issue the matter only came up when
references to the sale of the Carlotta were
made. About a year ago agents of H. E.
Huntington and Herrin went to Tuolumne
County to seek some good mining invest
ments. One of these agents was Dave
Nagle. who was not known except by his
unenviable reputation at that time. Wil
liam Symons, Fred Sutton and F. Y\ .
Street, the owners of the Carlotta, sold
their Interests in the mine to the repre
sentatives of the railroad people. Before
the sale was consummated, however,
these agents were informed by a half
dozen Tuolumne miners that the old Ital
ian had a better title to the property
than the vendors. To one of these people
Dave Nagle is reported to have said:
"We have bought all the interests we
intend to buy. and we will get that mine."
Soon after this Herrin's company filed
an application for a patent on the Car
lotta mine. This application was pub
lished according to law and, seeing the
notices bearing the description of the
Carlotta claim, Cardemartori learned for
the first time that the mine on which ne
had spent his life and labor was claimed
by others. He went to his American
friends for advice and they told him to
go to the Carlotta people and explain his
position and sell out. Acting on this coun
sel the old Italian sent a friend, who was
coming to San Francisco, to see Herrin.
The mtner called at the yellow building
and after waiting nearly a whole day
finally succeeded in seeing the grand po
litical mogul. Herrin would not listen to
the man and dismissed the interviewer
with a heartless sentence. The rights of
the poor old septuagenarian miner did not
concern him. He would be guided wholly
by his agents— and gun-fighter Dave Na
gle was one of these.
Cardemartori again sought his friends
and they told him to get a lawyer to pro
tect his rights against the heartless har
pies who were trying to oust him from his
property. John P. O'Brien, the Sonora
attorney, took the miner's case in hand
and prepared to file an adverse claim, giv
ing a survey and appending the facts al
ready stated. The Carlotta company had
filed their application for a patent, hav
ing 1 their alleged claim surveyed by Dep
uty Surveyor Barton of Sonora. Attor
ney O'Brien protested against the issu
ance of the patent on the Carlotta and
then set about to prepare his client's case
for submission to the Land Office officials.
Surveyor Barton was employed to sur
vey the Venus claim. He made the neces
sary drawings, delivered them to O'Brien
and submitted the plat and affidavits to
the Land Office at Stockton.
Several months elapsed, when the Land
Office finally Informed Cardemartori that
his adverse claim had no standing, as the
Venus mine, according to the deputy
surveyor's plat, was located on range 15,
while the Carlotta mine, for which patent
was asked, was situated on range 16.
Attorney O'Brien saw at once that an
I error, inexcusable by the way, had been
: committed, and he endeavored to have it
corrected. He was informed at the Land
Office that, notwithstanding a clerical er
ror had been made, no remedy was to be
had. The lawyer then obtained a cor
rected plat from Surveyor Barton and
also his affidavit that the Venus mine was
located on range 16. This was also thrown
j out by the officials at Stockton. An ap
peal was taken to the General Land Of
hce and the action of the local receiver
was sustained.
This left Cardemartorl but one more
chance to hold his mine. He must appeal
to the Secretary of the Interior. This was
done, and the briefs, affidavits and plats
were sent on last wtek. An action to
| restrain the Carlotta mine from encroach
| ing upon the claim of Cardemartori is also
pending in the Superior Court of Tuol
umne County.
While his attorney was attending to
the legal technicalities of the case the
a < K l. owner of the Venus, to protect his
rights, prepared to do the assessment
)t °, n his claim. Last December, near
tne end of the month, when but few days
remained during which the yearly assess
ment work could be done, Cardemartori
began his task. He employed Joe Rollert.
who worked all one week and went to his
home Sunday. Monday morning Roller!
returned to his work. Dave Nagle and
two companions were at the Venus, wait-
Ing for him. The assessment work had
been obliterated and Rollerl's tools bur
led or thrown away. Nagle, who was
armed with a rifle, ordered Roller! to
move on and told him if he was caught
around there again he would kill him and
! bury him in a prospect hole. Nagle's re
peated threats and his readiness to make
good those threats have no terror for
i many miners in Tuolumne, and more than
one indignant knight of the drill who
knows the particulars of the Carlotta
deal has declared that the career of the
bouthern Pacific's bad man will come to
a sudden close if he becomes "too pro
miscuous."
Nagle is the ostensible superintendent
of the Carlotta mine, but the citizens of
Tuolumne, who know his record, are sat
isfied he is only serving Herrin and Hunt
ington in their endeavor to obtain posses
sion of a valuable mine by fighting away
the rightful owner. Conservative miners
at Sonora say the Venus claim Is a good
one, and in its present condition is easily
worth $10,000. arid the vein is considered
one of great promise. The mine is lo
cated near Cherokee, about twelve miles
from Sonora,
, Cardemartori located the Venus claim
In ISSO, and later mortgaged and sold It to
Captain' Lombardo, who took many
thousands from it. The mine was aban
doned for a while, but in 1880 Lombardo
and the present owner relocated it. Lom
bardo died, leaving- his interest to his
partner. The Carlotta was located by
Sutton about a dozen years ago.
Since the Ist of January, according to
reports in Sonora, the Carlotta company
has leased the mine to which they claim
ownership. It Is said that C. P. Hunting
ton gave peremptory orders to his nephew
and Herrin that they must cease mining
or railroading. They obeyed by leasing
their mines, but they still retained owner
ship and direct the lessee's conduct of the
property. . .
SHE FAILED TO APPEAR.
Bench Warrant Issued for the Arrest
of Mrs. Dora Fuhrig.
Mrs. Dora Fuhrlg accused of having
caused the death of Mrs. Freda Mairer on
July 9 and Anna Eggertsen on August 14,
1597, by means of criminal operations,
failed to appear when her case was called
by Judge Cook yesterday morning. As
neither the prisoner nor. her counsel were
present Judge Cook waited a few min
utes and then made an order forfeiting
her bonds, amounting to $7000, and issued
a bench warrant for her arrest without
bail. The warrant was placed in the
hands of Sheriff Martin for service.
Odds «■,<. Ends
Some are desirable and some are not. They
have accumulated here and we must sell them
before our annual stock taking, January 28th,
so the prices have been marked down — just
enough asked to call them prices.
You may find amongithem many things for
your bureau, bedroom or several places about
the home. The prices surely prompt your buy-
ing anythingg.that will be useful.
Doylies, laundry bags, duster Doylies, cushion covers, table
bags, tinted tray cloths, center covers night dress t
pieces, table covers, comb and m, . , B * ' clc *'
brush pockets, etc, sold for 25, sold for s°, 75c, fi, 1.25 and
50, 75c and $1, now 1.50, now
10c 25c
Ten cents isn't much Worth that surely
Dress Trimmings
Trimmings which formerly Trimmings which formerly
sold for 12*, 20, 25 and 40c, now sold for 50, 65, 75 and 85c now
SCayard lOCayard
Like finding it
Trimmings which formerly sold for $1, 1.25, 1.50 and 1.75, now
lOC a yard
Slightlylpasse', but look at the prices t
We expect that these low prices will sell
the'goods. We hope so anyway.
When taking stock, counting coin is easier
than measuringjgoods, especially odds and ends.
Look at the goods in the windows.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOUSEKEEPINfi GOODS.
CURTAINS,
PORTIERES,
BLANKETS.
*
The attention of our customers is called to the. follow-
ing Bargains now offering above goods.
250 PAIRS
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, White and Ecru,
Price $1.00 Pair.
250 PAIRS
Extra Wide NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS,
Price $1.50 Pair.
200 PAIRS
FISHNET AND SAXONY LACE CURTAINS, Latest
Patterns,
Price $2.00 Pair.
1:25 PAIRS
TAPESTRY PORTIERES, New Colorings and Extra
Quality,
Price $3.00 Pair.
250 PAIRS
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, Extra Size
and Pure Wool,
Price $6.00 Pair.
HOUSEKEEPERS SHOULD EXAMINE OUR
STOCK OF" ABOVE GOODS.
Ilf, 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Michael Meagher Laid to Best.
The funeral of the late Michael Meagher
took place from the Sacred Heart Church,
Fillmore and Fell streets, yesterday morn
ing. Rev. Father Powers of Livermore
celebrated solemn high mass, assisted by
Rev. Father Cullen. Father Flood read
the burial service at Holy Cross Cemetery,
wherr> the interment took place.
Dr. George C. Pardee,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
Won't Do So Again.
Charles F. Corriea, a poultry merchant, j
was fined some weeks ago $100 by Judge j
Conlan for having wild ducks out of sea- !
son in his possession. He appealed the j
case, and the Superior Court sustained I
the judgment of the lower court. Yes
terday Corriea paid the fine in Judge Con
lan's court.
Art Antiques.
Having been compelled to vacate their
; former store on Sutter street, the Turk
: ish Rug Co. have temporarily secured
: the large store at 123 Geary street, near
j the City of Paris, until they may rapid
ly close out their large and handsome
stock of rugs, carpets, draperies and
Oriental goods at public auction. These
goods are the accumulation of twenty
years' research among the rug centers
of the old world, and constitute one of
the finest collections of antiques to be
found in this country. A genuine an
tique, so eagerly sought for by con
! noisseurs, is becoming very rare, the
! supply being practically exhausted, and
| in the future will rarely be seen except
!in private collections. This stock will
be sold without reserve to the highest
bidder. The sale will commence Mon
day, .January 16, at 10 a. m., and will
be conducted by Mr. Louderback, the
art auctioneer.
Military Notes.
The detachment of the New York regi
ment, thirty-seven strong, which was to
have left for the East on Friday, started
yesterday afternoon. It was originally
intended to have these men go with the
Astor Battery, but at the last moment
the Southern Pacific was unable to fur
nish the necessary cars so that the sol
diers will not get away until to-morrow
or the next day.
The men of Batteries B and C of the
California Heavy Artillery will be dis
charged from the -service about the 2Sth
of this month. The Eighth Regiment will
in all probability get out by the Ist of
February.
Major General Shafter is expected to
arrive here by Tuesday or Wednesday,
and he will at once assume command o£
the department on his arrival.
There will be an exhibition of cavalry
maneuvers at Glen Park to-day. Sergeant
Moffatt, Fourth Cavalry, with twelve
picked men, will give the exhibition.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The officers of TVest End Lodge were
Installed last week by the grand officers
and at the close of the ceremony there
■was an adjournment to the banquet hall,
where the members and visitors enjoyed
a fine collation.
The officers of Bay City Circle will ba
installed next Monday night.
The propagating committee of the Su
preme Lodge has sent a circular to all
the lodges offering a number of special
inducements to work for and increase tho
membership of the order throughout the
United States.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
WHITE IRON 00 Cfl
BEDS OUi 3D
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
VERY NEAT AND PRETTY
WHITE ENAMELLED IRON
BEDB WITH BRASS TRIM-
MINGS. THEY'RE AN ORNA-
MENT TO ANY HEDROOM.
PRICES THIS WEEK START
AT «U. 50.
THE J. NOON AN
FURNITURE CO.. Inc.
1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
'Phone South 14. Open Evenings.CLARA BARTON DESCRIBES THE RED CROSS WORK IN CUBA
In Her Forthcoming Book She Will Tell Ail About the Horrors of the Cuban Campaign as She and Her Assistants Saw It, and Wall Score the War Department.
IN her forthcoming book on the history of the Red Cross So
ciety, a review of whose preliminary chapters has already ap
peared in the New York Sunday Herald, Miss Clara Barton will
give to the world a thrilling— almost a grewsome— narrative
of official mismanagement. Through the courtesy of the pub
lishers the advance sheets of those newer portions of the work
that deal with the Cuban campaign are here reviewed. The state
ments are Miss Barton's, and will appear over her own name in
the volume to be issued next month.
It must remain for the War Investigation Commission to lay
the blame for the shameful mismanagement she describes on the
proper shoulders. Every candid reader will rise from the perusal
of the book with the fixed impression that had it nut been for the
aid cheerfully extended by the Red Cross and grudgingly accepted
by the military authorities, the loss of life and health at Siboney
and Santiago would have been well nigh unparalleled in the history
of modern warfare.
The publishers of the book are the American National Red
Cross at Washington, D. C.
IN reviewing Miss Barton's forth
coming book I must necessarily
pass over much that is Interesting
about the beginning of the Red
18 campaign in Cuba and the
. official stumbling blocks placed in the
, society's way, and come down to the
.Bltuatij-in just previous to the destruc
tion of the Maine. At this time Miss
■Barton was already well established in
r.Cuba, and was dispensing relief at
■-Ceno, a suburb <.f Havana.
Explosion of the Maine.
. It. was before this good work was well
In-hand that the explosion of the Maine
■'occurred. Miss Barton describes how;
on th/> memorable February 15. the
clerical work to be dono was so heavy
..that it kept herself and Mr. Elwell, her
.'lnterpreter and secretary, busy at
tjieir writing table until late at nicht.
; "The house had grown still, the
'ibises' on the streets were dying away,
..'When • suddenly the table shook from
, xinder -our hands, the great glass door
on the veranda, facing the
i-^a, flew open; everything in the room
was In motion or out of place, the
deadening roar of such a buret of
thunder as, perhaps, one never heard
lpefore, and off to the right, out over
the bay, the air waa filled .-with a blaze
THE CALL Sunday Edition.
of light,' and this, in turn, filled witn
black specks like huge epeters flying
in all directions.
"Then it faded away. The bells ran*,
the whistles blew and voices In the
street were heard for a moment. Then
all was quiet again. I supposed it to
be the bursting of some mammoth mor
tar or explosion of some magazine. A
few hours later came the terrible news
of the Maine."
Some forty of the wounded were
brought ashore and placed in the Span
ish hospital of San Ambrosio. All the
jni'mbers of the Red -ross hurried to
th( ir relief.
• • •
Upon the advice of the Consul Gen
eral at Havana the lied Cross retired
when the President recalled all Ameri
cans home. The day before they ]*-f t
Cuba the Archbishop of Havana pub
licly blessed the Lee Orphanage in the
presence of a large crowd. In the eyes
Of nil Catholics, Cuban and Spanish
alike, this blessing was a symbol of
protection by the church and a warrant
of success. Hence Miss Barton was not
surprised to lea-rn several months after
the war had begun that the Spanish
authorities had not only taken the most
scrupulous care of the hospital, but
had also placed a guard around her
former private residence.
Return to Key Weet.
On April 11, 1898, Miss Barton and her
staff! boarded the ship Olivette and after
• a great deal of discomfort caused by
overcrowding of passengt s and stormy
weather, reached Tampa, Fla., two daya
later. Leaving the rest of the party at
Tampa, Miss Barton proceeded to
Washington with Drs. Hubbell and
Egan. The Red Cross agents left in
Florida found work enoug-h to hand in
looking after the 1500 Cuban refugees In
Tampa and the 800 or 900 in Key West.
These people were almost entirely de
pendent for a period of some seven
months upon the good offices of the Red
Cross agents.
In the meantime Miss Barton, in
Washington, also had her hands full.
Early in April it had been decided by
the Cuban Relief Committee in New
York to charter a steamer in that port,
load her with supplies and send her
to different ports in Cuba, where her
cargo could be unloaded in such quanti
ties as might be required.
The steamer Btate of Texas was ac
cordingly selected. Notwithstanding the
departure of the Red Cross party from
Havana and the subsequent declaration
of war with Spain the preparations
were kept up and the steamer was load
ed with a cargo embracing a fine as
sortment of necessaries and delicacies,
medicine and other hospital stores. She
arrived at Key West on April 28, and
was met by Miss Barton, who had come
down from Washington, and all the
Red Cross assistants who had been left
in Tampa.
Key West at that time was a very
busy place, the harbor being filled with
naval vessels which came in daily from
the Cuban blockade squadron for coal
and provisions. There was scarecly
a day that some accident did not hap
pen to sailor or workman. The Red
Cross doctors were at all times in de
mand. In order to keep every one in
the best preparation for possible con
tingencies those on board the State of
Texas were instructed and drilled in
the various phases of their particular
work, and at all times of the day the
Red Cross boat, with its well known
flag floating, could be seen going from
one transport to another on Its errand
of mercy.
Prisoners Left to Starve.
There were other charities which
clamored for the attention of the Red
Crocs officials. Scarcely a day passed
that Borne of the blockading squadron
did not bring into Key West from one
to three captured prizes— ships, schoon
ers, steamers or fishing smacks. With
in a couple of weeks after the declara
tion of war there were between thirty
and forty of these boats lying at an
chor in the harbor with their crews
aboard under guard. Somehow it was
forgotten these poor foreigners must
eat to live! Or perhaps somebody
thought that somebody else was re
sponsible for this very important mat
ter.
At all events, when the small amount
of provisions aboard the boats at the
time of capture had been exhausted,
calls were made on the United States
Marshal for additional food. Having
no contingent fund upon which to draw,
and knowing the quantities of red tape
that must be unraveled before he could
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
secure any relief, the Marshal came
to Miss Barton with his troubles. That
good lady reassured him by promising
to provide for all the prisoners until
such time as he could Ret his petition
through the circumlocution office.' Sev
eral boatloads of provisions were hasti
ly gathered and taken in tow by a
steam launch, which landed them
alongside of each prize.
Miss Barton visited every boat in per
son, learned the wants of the crews
through an Interpreter, and not only
supplied all needed foods, but ar
ranged to take all letters and forward
them to their destination through the
intermediary offices of the Red Cross at
Portugal.
Could Not Reach Reconcentrados.
On.' June 20, everything being in read-*
mess, and no disapproval having been
elicited from the Navy Department, it
was decided to sail and find Sampson's
fleet near Santiago de Cuba, Here it
was generally believed that General
Shafter would try to effect a landing.
On the 25th the State of Texas arrived
off Morro. Castle, at the entrance of
Santiago Bay. The Spanish flag was
flying over the land fortifications and
Sampson's . fleet was stationed in the
adjacent waters.
Miss . Barton sent a 'representative
aboard I the flagship New York asking
Rear Admiral Sampson for instructions.
Word was returned that General Sh.af
ter's army had disembarked at Bai
quiri, a point about twelve miles east
if Morro Castle. The admiral advised
Miss Barton to take her ship to Guan
tanamo.Bay, where she would find good !
anchorage and calm water, and where
she would be able to . learn more of
ivhat was taking v place on land, as
there was constant communication
from there with the invading army.
rho Texas accordingly drew away and :
irrived that evening at Playa del Este,
lust inside the mouth of Guantanamo
F3ay and some forty miles from Santi
igo.
Here two reporters from New York
japers called. on Miss; Barton, inform
ng her that' they had - Just come in ,
Crom Siboney, where there was great
leed of supplies and medical aid. They
old how, many of the wounded in the
Ight between the Rough Riders and the
Spaniards, on the previous Friday, had
iust been brought in and were suffer
ng from lack of everything in the way
if comfort and conveniences. The
steamer was at once headed westward
md started to the scene of suffering,
which she reached at 8 o'clock.
A party of doctors accomplished a
difficult 'landing' in an open boat and
found their way to the army hospital.
This was a rough wooden building
which had evidently been used for a
store and warehouse in more peaceful
times. The surgeon in charge, Major
Havard, stepped forward to greet the
visitors, who formally ' offered him. in
the name of Clara Barton and the Red
Cross, the personal; services of all their
doctors and nurses and any of their
supplies that might be needed. These
were courteously refused. Major Hav
ard thought that .he and his assistants
would be able to take care of all the
3ick ! and wounded, and, as for supplies,
lie knew that there was an abundance
of them on the transports, which he
hoped would be landed next day.
A Sorrowful Scene.
But the sights that met the eyes of
the visitors as they, looked through the
miserable place that bore the name of
hospital did not seem ■to warrant the
jheerfulness o£ the doctor* Indeed,' Mr»
Oottrell, who tells the story, says they
bmught tears to the eyes of himself and
his companion. "There were a half
dozen cots in a building where there
were perhaps fifty or sixty patients, the
greater number of whom were lying on
the floor, some with a blanket under
them, but a great number were lying
on the bare boards.
"Sheets, pillows and bedclothes were
unknown, but those poor fellows, who
were not dressed in their uniforms,
were lying almost naked. There were
some wounded men and others who
were sick with fever, and in the dim
light of a few lanterns we could see
them turning from side to side in their
discomfort and agony and hear their
moans and, in some cases, imprecations
against the Government that would so
ill provide for such a contingency."
A touch of the grotesque is added to
these horrors by the complacent be
havior of one of the nurses in charge,
who quietly sat out on the veranda in
his shirt sleeves smoking a cigarette.
In answer to inquiries he said, with a
certain regret, that he couldn't do very
much for the boys for two reasons —
first, that he didn't have anything at
hand for them, and, second, because
one nurse couldn't do very much for
forty men, all wanting him at the same
time.
He added that he thought there ought
'to be more help.
"I couldn't," said Mr. Cottrell, "help
contrasting this good natured but
rather indolent chap, who was per
forming his duty in such a careless and
perfunctory manner, with the brave,
clean, intelligent and energetic young
women whom I knew, who, when on
duty, never took a minute's rest, but
were constantly busy; who anticipated
every want of a patient, and who, by
their bright faces and cheerful voices,
drove away all 'eelings of despondency
and homesickness among the sufferers,
and in this way helped them on the
road to recovery quite as much as the
medicine that the doctors might pre
scribe."
Welcomed fry the Cubans.
Rebuffed by their countrymen, the
party turned away with saddened
hearts and entered the Cuban army
hospital near by.
Very different was the reception ac
corded them. General Garcia received
them with his accustomed courtly
bearing, showed them the heartiest cor
dialty, introduced them to the mem
bers of his staff, and in every way
made them feel that they were more
than welcome. He gladly accepted all
proffered aid, saying that his men had
suffered so terribly in the last three
years that he welcomed the coming of
■Continued on, Page Thirty- two.18
"WILD BEASTS ARE PREFERABLE TO THE HARPIES
-TJHEy WINE YOU /\J*D DiNE yOU AND JHEJJ THEy /\SK yOU TO VOJE FOR SOJ4E MEASURE.
EX-SUPERVISOR ROTTANZI, Sketched Frcm Life.
I AM politically dead.
Friends, enemies and politicians
alike are jubilant over my political
demise.
My friends see in the death of
the politician the resurrection of the
man.
My enemies chuckle, because as man
I am powerless, as politician I had some
powjer.
The politicians— well, they always
speed the parting and welcome the
coniinp; office-holder.
Rut lei me say to them all that I am
a political suicide. If there is a political
i 'oroner who records Buch things let
him put me en the list. And, like the
other suicides, I want to leave a little
•'tired-of-life" farewell note.
I want to warn others from seeking
to be a member of the Board of Super
visors.
I say no decent man should go there.
Why, if Moses or any ideal lawmaker
were to sit in their midst he wouldn't
escape calumny.
It Is not a question whether I could
re-enter the political arena if I would.
J would not if ! could. Wild beasts are
preferable to the harpies that hover
over the Supervisors with wide
stretched mouths, waitin- for pickings
— fat or lean.
Even during the election for the office
the candidate realizes that the thin
sugar-coating around any political pill
cannot disguise the bitter dose. And a
man enters the office with a bad taste
,fn his mouth.
. For the handshaking and hail-fellow
well-met, smooth-tongued cordiality
which a candidate must besplash
over every man he meets becomes dis
tasteful. Individuals one would other
wise never notice must be treated as
brothers.
Then there is the "baby-kissing act"
and all the standard and time-honored
accomplishments ami arts in which he
must become past grand master in or
der to win office.
1 went my own way and followed my
own peculiar course while I was run
ning for office. I left undone many
things which, according to politicians
of all decades, have ever been consid
ered absolutely necessary to win suc
cess.
But the repugnant dose forced on you
during the campaign is nectar com
pared to what you are obliged to swal
low once you are in office. You are
bound to incur enmity. All sorts of
people, with all sorts of favors to ask,
dog your shrinking footsteps and make
your daily life a nightmare. Some of
these people, bent on heating their pri
vate irons in the political fire, you
have never even seen before. But they
tell you that they hav# voted for you,
an£ "upon that dubious ground they
proceed to demand the most fantastic
favors.
There is the man who buttonholes
you in the theater, or usurps your ears
during the concert.
There is the friend who rings you
doorbtfll at midnight to wheedle your*
vote in his favor on a selfish measure. 
There is the fawning, hand-rubbing^
Individual who hints mysteriously of"
what he is going to do for you. After .i<
week of this pose he mounts a still.
highetvpedeatal and asks you "to put a,,
certain thing through" in a grandilo
quent manner that puts you In the light"
of beneficiary while he assumes the- 1
role <>f benefactor. ,
Worst of all there are people who,,
have been life-long friends who request'
favors. It is often necessary to refuse"
these, and it is impossible to make them
understand your real position. <
The most repugnant thing that falls^
to the honest Supervisor's lot is the'
blarney that is showered on one for'
political reasons. They wine you and
dine you, but you reap an aftermath oi,
requests to cast an aye or a no for a^
measure which concerns the host.
Political wining and dining breeds"
indigestion. The hot bird and cold bot-<
tie are not palatable when you know.
the host has other fish to fry. <
One gets so nauseated with this of
fensive work that at last he mistrusts"
even his own friends. While the host- 1
serves his dessert you are wondering
whether his mouth waters for a plum,,
from the political pie.
To be a Supervisor is to slowly sizzle"
on the gridiron. The seeds of distrust
that' it plants promise nothing but a
crop of discontent.
My position toward my fellow mem
bers on the board was not always en-"
viable. I belonged neither to the league
ma jority nor the league minority. I,
voted according to my own convictions. a
There were times when I have scored'
the entiie board on the course it was"
pursuing. My views 1 know were sup-
ported by members who sat next to me."
They personally were in the same mind,
with myself. Yet when it came to a^
vote, although they took my point of"
view, they voted contrary to their opin
ions. Policy or politics tempted them"
to do this. Possibly it was because*
they feared the enmity or a claßh with.
some business or social power if they
proved that they had the courage of
their convictions.
On one such occasion I remember
that in a burst of anger I turned on.
them and in language more forcible
than elegant said: "- why don't'
you vote as your conscience dictates?"-
Much friction is the result of such,
heated arguments. Strained relations,
existed among fellow mcml ers of the
board. Though we elbowed during the'
meetings, outside the chambers we
turner! a cold shoulder on each other..
Obviously our weekly meetings under,
such conditions were not pleasant.
Last winter, owing to yellow Journal-"
ism, a resolution was introduced into-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
the board for the purpose of reducing
one of the chief light-giving properties
in gas. I was sick in bed when I first
heard of the resolution. From my own
knowledge of chemistry the scheme ap
HOW THE PEOPLE
SHOULD GOVERN A CITY
BY MAYOR JOHN C. CHASE Of Haverhlll. Mass.. tbc Only Socialist Mayor in America.
AMERICAN municipalities have long been the
despair of good citizens. I believe that Socialism
holds the key to American municipal problems.
I make the assertion that private ownership
of the means of production, distribution and com
munication is responsible for the Insecurity of subsistance
■and the poverty, misery and degradation of the ever
growing majority of our people, and that the liberty and
happiness of every man. woman and child are conditioned
upon equal political and economic rights, possible of at
. tainment only through the establishment of the co-opera
. tive commonwealth.
While it is not possible for any municipality to guaran
tee to its citizens all their economic rights, I believe that
much can be accomplished in this direction and that every
power the municipality possesses should be placed at the
disposal of the people in the interest of civilization, and
■mankind may progress to a grander and nobler life.
AVith the development of machinery there follows the
displacement of labor, and the concentration of capital
forces into the working classes those of the middle class
■economically unable to compete with the gigantic com
binations of capital that are the features of America's
industrial life.
From these sources there has come a class previously
unknown in society— the unemployed, whose existence can
not be denied, and whose rights as human beings require
-the formulation of some immediate plan for their relief.
■While no municipality can hope to solve this great prob
lem, it being a national and ever, an international one,
yet some little relief at least can be afforded by any city
' government.
A tract of land suitable for the raising of food products
■rnn be secured by any city, which can also furnish the
unemployed with tools and seed and permit them to work
.on It. A free fuel yard may be provided. Employment
may be given directly upon public works, not in compe
tition with the regular city employes, but on special works,
such as improvements of park systems and construction of
■ bicycle paths.
The system of contracting with the lowest bidder for
"work performed by the city should no longer be tolerated.
Low bids mean cheap work. Cheap work means cheap
■men and low wages, and low wages lower the standard of
-citizenship.
The city should perform its own work and furnish its
own material, giving employment to its citizens.
In common with every progressive thinker of the nine
teenth century. I believe that a municipality should own
-and operate all public utilities, such as street railroads
and gas and electric light plants. Public ownership of
'public utilities is no longer an experiment. It has been
"successfully practiced in this and other countries, and
-the results have been the minimizing of corruption and
THAT HOVER OVER THE BOARD OE SUPERVISORS."
Ex-Supervisor F^ottanzi Describes His Experierjces as a Member of
t\)e Late Board.
peared to me to be impossible, sheer
nonsense. I made a careful study of
the matter and came to the conclusion
that it was utter rot.
When the matter came up for con-
Bideration the committee asked an In
definite postponement of the resolution.
The league minority opposed this. After
the vote was taken, I then, in the dis
cussion of the resolution itself, demon
strated that it was against public in
terest and public welfare.
Even the introducer of the resolution,
after my exposure of the foolishness of
the scheme, did not dare to vote upon
the question. He asked for a postpone
ment until a report could be had from
the chemist of the Board of Health.
This report more than verified my
statements and the resolution was
never resuscitated. The yellow journal,
however, got back by berating me
soundly in the freedom but not the un
restrained license of the press.
While in office I always held that cor
porations, like Individuals, had their
rights. I was not a party to any dema
gogic grand stand plays. On such occa
sions the Mayor always took the prin
cipal part.
Only to-day I have seen that through
his mouthpiece. Colonel Sullivan, he
stated that he wanted a person who
was competent and upright for the po
sition of gas Inspector. Yet to the last
board he refused to submit the name of
a chemist indorsed by the faculty of
the chemistry department of the Uni
versity of California.
It will be/interesting to note whether
the assessment will be raised on down
town realty merchants and railroad
franchises, in accordance with the
views that were advanced to the former
hoard.
If so the Phelan building, at present
assessed in the neighborhood of $1,000,
--000, but yielding, according to real estate
men. interest at 5 per cent on $3,600,000,
will be raised according to their 60 per
cent valuation an extra million odd dol
lars. This alone in taxes at $1 81 should
give an added revenue to the city of
$18,100.
The question of a fish and game war
den came up at one of our meetings.
The Mayor stated that such a person
would be entirely useless. Yet the rep
resentatives of several shooting clubs,
comprising over 1000 citizens and tax
payers, conclusively demonstrated that
such an official was an absolute neces-
slty.
Evidently the Mayor considers it his
prerogative to change his standpoint
as one would a necktie. The fact that
CHINESE DENTISTS
AND THEIR TRICKS
THREE or four gaunt, dingily
dressed Chinamen were gazing
Intently into a little showcase af
fixed to the wall at a corner of
Dupont street. In any other
part of the town the case would
have been too commonplace to attract
the slightest attention, but here, in the
busiest and foulest center of China
town, it seemed strangely out of place.
The exhibit consisted of nothing more
than a few sets of cheap false teeth,
the kind that have rubber instead of
gold-plates to them. What could Mon
golians want with false teeth? As far
as I know such things were entirely
unheard of In the flowery land, and I
could not see what Chinamen would
need them for in this country.
It did not occur to me at first that
the display was for the benefit of Eu
ropeans, rather than Chinamen. But
the sign beneath the case was conclu
sive There, in the plainest English
lettering, was James B. Landon, Den
an improvement in the condition <V"VthP nnhHr
and in the quality of the service rendered the Public.
I submit as a self-evident truth, that no pub k • neces
sity should be privately owned. There are social and
economic reasons for the public ownership of street rall-
r ° a The burden of taxation should be equitably distributed
and in exact proportion to the holdings of each "tisen
Large property holders should not be allowed to evade or
dodge their just proportion of taxation because of their
influence in the community, and in the election of Asses
sors extreme care should be taken to select men who will
show no partiality.
Secret sessions and "star chamber" proceedings in City
Councils should be abolished. The people should at all
times know what their public servants are doing, and no
servant who hides his work under the mask of secrecy
is a proper person to be intrusted with the interests of the
people; he stands guilty of the charge of unfairness, ar.«l
whether innocent of not, he at least lays himself open to
tlto suspicion of corruption. The guardians of the public
welfare should be at all times willing to openly state their
position on public questions and to have a correct record
of their vote on such questions open to the inspection of
their constituents.
I believe in absolute home rule for municipalities in all
matters not conflicting with the rights of other cities; the
adoption of the initiative and referendum; the imperative
mandate or the right of recall of officials by their con
stituents.
Food and clothing should be supplied to those school
children whose parents are unable to provide for them
that none may be debarred through lack of the necessities
of life from attending school and receiving that training
and knowledge which will make them useful and valuable
citizens in years to come.
Well lighted streets add more beauty to a city, in my
mind that almost any other thing that can be accom
plished in the way of improvements. The truest economy
demand's that the city shall own and operate its own plant,
md thus be able to furnish all the lights that a city may
require at a less cost than might be paid for an Insuffi
cient service.
Through the development of machinery and the con
centration of capital the army of unemployed Increases
daily and in proportion to its increase comes an increase
in the demands made upon the poor departments of the
cities Every possible assistance to the unfortunates in
ne-ed of assistance should be given. Everything possible
should be done to spare them from the odium which un
fortunately has attached itself to the act of receiving such
.iFFistance.
Every atom of power possessed by me as a cnier magis
trate is being exercised in the defense and support of the
principles of socialism as they are applicable to munici
palities.
he wishes to extend conciliatory meas
ures to a Republican board has Drob
ably dissipated his opposition to this
measure.
There is an old adage to the effect
that it is better to teach by example
than precept. Yet during our entire
term the Mayor never Visited the pub
lic offices which duty is prescribed in
the consolidation act.
If he had devoted a little of the ener
gy consumed in advancing demagogic
measures to visiting offices and ascer
taining whether men were attentive to
their duties, there might possibly have
been some diminution of the city's ex
penses. But during his entire regime,
his newspaper and other duties pre
vented his fulfilling this prescribed
duty.
In the last three months of my office
as a member of the Finance Commit
tee I signed hardly any bills, observing
that a possible defeat was ensuing. I
am glad to note that the present board
has supported the Mayor's veto on the
furniture contract of the new Hall of
Justice, or better, Injustice.
By this alone the actual deficit that
exists will be entirely wiped out and
the new board can start in with a clean
page.
There was one ordinance thai I de
termined to make the board nass. But
every time I brought it up they cast
it aside. That was the "high-hat" or
dinance.
I was tired of playing bo-peep with
a feather every time I went to the the
ater. I knew that my fellowmen did
not enjoy two solid hours of millinery
any more than I did. But every time I
brought up the proposed ordinance the
board laughed and passed on to other
business.
After repeatedly casting it aside for
four months they finally passed it.
Constant nagging won. They passed it.
just to quiet me, protesting that it
would be a dead letter. The night the
ordinance was signed I took it over to
Manager Morrissey of the Orpheum.
Placards were printed and conspicu
ously placed in the theater. The next
night every other theater enforced the
"hats-off" law.
That ordinance has brought me just
as many congratulations from ladies as
from gentlemen. Not long ago I sat
behind a lady whose hat, adorned with
nodding plumes completely shutting off
tist. Even the name had an English
sound. Certainly there were a lot of
Chinese hieroglyphics scattered about
the wall, but who could tell what they
meant?
I decided to watch the place for a
while. A lot of Chinamen went up,
but they did not look like dental pa
tients. They were well favored and
dressed, and were evidently bound for
the Shanghai Club, a mysterious and
exclusive institution which occupies
part of the same bulding. But by and
by a young European woman, neatly,
if not fashionably, dressed, went up the
narrow stairway, carrying a baby and
followed by a smart looking Chinese
maid, who seemed to be acting as
guide. A little later a respectably clad
workingman sought the establishment,
and then, emboldened by these exam
ples, I thought it time to offer myself
as a patient.
The narrow stairway brings one with
a sudden twist face to ta.cz with the
closely barred doorway of the Shanghai
Club, which seems to monopolize the
greater part of the building. The place
was not so dirty as it might be, which
is saying a good deal for Chinatown.
►•But on the other side of the narrow
-passage the door of a cupboardlike
■ room stood open, and from it a cook
emerged, carrying a great wooden tray
►"filled with strange comestibles, which,
►after much ingenious maneuvering, he
►■managed to get through the doorway
-of the Shanghai Club. Evidently the
members of this ar'stocratic institu
tion live well. It needed no other
►■proof beyond the smell to show that
► the cupboard was used r-s a kitchen,
I did not penetrate farther into its
dismal depths.
A glass door at the end of the pas
sage led into the dentisfs waiting
-room. It was small and clean, fur-
in strictly European style with
.a few chairs and a table. Here I
[found the workingman waiting his
►turn.
X "Is Dr. Landon European?" I asked.
h "No, he's a Chinee right enough,
his name sounds like a white
man's."
y "And how do you like being treated
►by a Chinaman?"
v "Don't like it much."
► "Then why do you come here?"
"Can't help myself. You see, I'm a
cleaner at the car house, and my wages
►won't run to fancy prices. But I've
► got to get teeth somehow. I knmv a
that had been here, so I came."
X "What has the dentist done to you?"
"See here," and he opened his mouth.
Nearly all the teeth in the lower jaw
► were gone, and the cavities
► whence they had been extracted just
over. "He took the teeth out
right enough, and now I'm come to try
on the new plate."
► Just then the room door of the ope
► rating-room opened, and the young wo-
Kman with the baby, holding her hand
►■to her jaw, emerged. The working
-man went in.
- Presently my turn came, and I found
. myself confronted by a smiling little
'"man, dressed in well cut English
X tweeds. There was not much of the
►-Chinaman about Landon. At first
- sight, from the manner in which he
wore his foreign clothes I should have
►"taken him for a Jap. A Chinaman can
►■rarely wear "Western garments with
-grace, whereas a Jap takes to them
, with the greatest ease.
The operating room was well lighted
a window looking on Dupont. It was
►.furnished exactly after the fashion of
-an American dentist's chamber of hor
[rors. There was the same curiously
K shaped chair, with all sorts of devices
hfor raising it up and down, and grip
►■phag the patients head as with an iron
l vise. There were the same little steel
. instruments for prodding and poking
Hald out on the table, and in the corner
KBtood one of those flendlah wheel ma
the stage, insure the man behind her
or an uncomfortable nap. Now I hap
pened to bp that man. And I had pro
posed that ordinarce for my own bene
fit as well as that of suffering human
ity. So T had the usher read her the
part of the programme dealing with
high-hat "'bptrurtiong.
"If I ever moet Dr Rottanzi." snap
ped the lady, remov'ng her hat, "I'll
give him a piece of my mind that he
won't forget in a hurry."
She certainly looked as if she meant
what she said and sine discretion is
the better part of valom I hastily
changed my seat to another part of the
house.
I am going to try and fnrget the two
years I have spent on the Board of Su
pervisors. My disgust is so great that
to-day I would not advise a decent man
to become a Supervisor. Ht may retire
from the office untarnished, hut the or
deal is too hard.
How little I cared for the office after
I learned its shady surroundings is
shown by my joining the army. I elect
ed rather to serve the Government than
the municipality. And again, no mat
ter how I have been scored by politi
cians and papers, I have never resorted
to money to defend my position on cer
tain measures.
Everybody knew that my vote was
the result of my convictions. Mayor
Phelan paid me the highest compliment
when in order to have a just measure
passed, he delayed the announcement
of a vote until I could be summoned
from the Clerk's office. The vote stood
6 to 4 and had he not believed that I
would vote in favor and thereby pass
the measure, he would not have had me
summoned.
Of course this experience In politics
that I have had is invaluable to me.
My knowledge of men and their meth
ods has been marvelously increased.
It has taught me to turn my back on
official life. If you would learn "ways
that are dark and mysterious" you
needn't study the heathen Chinee. Just
pick out a politician.
But don't learn the legson by becom
ing a Supervisor. The experience isn't
worth it. I am probably the most dis
gusted ex-Supervisor in the land.
Of course, if T specified why this ig
so, I'd be called up before the next
Grand Jury and then there would be
war. indeed.
chines, which bore holes with a revolv
ing- drill, and seem to penetrate to the
very base of your skull. These things
were all arranged in the old familiar
way, and excert for a certain shabbi
ness in the furniture, and a certain
stuffiness in the air, I could have imag
ined myself in a dental parlor of the
second rate kind. But an opium-Bcent
ed whiff came now and again from the
Shanghai Club, and rendered a mistake
impossible.
"What you want?" broke In Landon,
astonished at my long silence. He
speaks our language perfectly well, and
it is not necessary to translate his re
marks into that absurd Pigeon-Eng
lish which all Chinamen are popularly
supposed to speak.
It occurred to me that I had better
explain by presence. "Oh, I want soma
teeth." I answered vaguely.
"Well, sit down, let me lpok."
It is not pleasant to have" one's mouth
pulled about by a Chinaman's fingers
but I had to submit. The doctor was
well dressed and looked clean, but still
there is a certain peculiar aroma about
the yellow skin which is most objection
able to us. To be just, Europeans have
also their special scent, which is quite
as JL bJectlonable t0 men of other races.
The dentist, with the aid of his finger
examined my mouth carefully, and then
announced that I should require about
half a dozen teeth in the lower jaw He
would undertake to carry out the work
in quite superior manner for forty dol
lars, with gold plates and everything
else in superfine style. Or he would nut
in a cheap rubber job for fifteen dol
lars.
If you go to an American dentist he
will charge you twice as much," he re
marked, by way of clinching the bar
pain.
I explained that I was short of
money just then, and asked about the
terms of payment.
"I want a deposit of ten dollars "
said Landon, "and the balance on coni
pletion of work."
"Can't I get time; pay it off on tha
Installment plan?"
"Not unless you are In business then
I might give credit; but not to stran
gers."
Landnn understands his business per
fectly well, and is not going to take
any chances when dealing with casual
visitors. He told me that he had
many European patients, most of the
mechanical work he dtd being for
whites. Chinese came mostly for sim
ple operations, such as tooth drawin.tr.
"Do your countrymen ever wear falsa
teeth?" I asked.
"Not in China, but here they are
learning to."
"And -where did you get your experi
ence?
Oh, I learned partly in China, and
then I came here and studied American
methods." I should like to have learned
more, but just then the door bell rang
and Dr. Landon gave me his card"
asked me to call again and bowed me
out with all the grace of a well-fed
Western practitioner.
I visited about half a dozen other
Chinese dentists, but the result was in
every case the same. Their establish
ments cluster thickly around Duoont
and Stockton, between Sacramento and
Jackson street*. They are all on
pretty much the same scale up a flight
or two of narrow stairs, and arranged
to Imitate as closely as may be an
American dental parlor. The furni
ture is more or lees shabby, and the
atmosphere more or less stuffy, accord
ing to the prosperity of the occupant
and the situation of his rooms. Their
charges, also, are pretty much alike
none of th>m varied more than five doll
lars from the price given by the first
dentist I visited.
One man, indeed, a great coarse fel
low, whose place was the dirtiest and
shabbiest of all, offered to make me a
complete set of false teeth for nineteen
dollars, "lubber," or thirty-five dollars
if gold plates were used. I was not
tempted to accept the offer, and has
tened to the nearest chemist to have
my mouth disinfected after the exam
ination. J. F. ROSE-SOLBY..-'-.■'.' ..'*->. O'ITETIY 1 . Keramics! The oldest
;;/-7^'l.j' } :.:i t nd the youngest! For none
■='."';• •:.}'.'• / "ther has the possibilities of cre
■:f;-..:..'.;l ' r»ting the new and yet not losing
:VV"v'.;- .t-he/old. For the potter with his
.;■■!■■/.■ ;-.;-. > .'.h*'.'c:; may! with magic touch, form a
"■•; '.':.-'■ iii.l -'l' which was never formed just so
-•'.;. .'.?;;: and the softening glaze may re
.:■'• : '. vJhi beauty of decoration never yet
-"•.■.■•'^•/■«i*.'. •md the fire of the kiln may bring
/■": :.■:.■.-; ' forth unlocked for results to surprise
;.5.':-"',itiie anxious ones who gave their skill
! : :H*>and labor to fill it.
• •■•••:',. A i-d so this old craft, remaining ever
J.-.\> •ybeng, even progressing, found a hume
:■.:•> ;'■: in .the "new world." As early as the
v-y-Vr'y.ear 1649 there were small potteries in
/[■' rginla, a,nd before 1600 somo were
*S ; .' : -: ; '€-rected In New Jersey, until at the
•v'.Kpfisenc time they exist in large num
f:?lV?\berß in the Eastern and Middle ■;■•>.
> And, as "the course of empire west
: . \>v.aril takes its way." so has the maiiu
.;■.;■:!--"fsic.trVre of keramics followed the set
: •'■■...' ■; t1 n ff sun to the Pacific, ar.d California
■ .;"..v.h.a^ now become the link which unites
.. •.• •'the>pld and the new, for traditions. Chi
■••si', ,'.'ne?e traditions, leach that China should
. :''.;v -be .considered the cradle of this sclen
../. • tific ' handicraft, pottery having • beer.
C.; : : ;;^r|tdV; .there 2000 B. C. But who really
i ". : i^r;<Rß-s-? • Egypt lays ' clairri tc being
■."■;:"• ■•,eatlj^r. in -pottery manufacture, as early
; ••: ;•; ifi#4pcia 'b: c.
■ : :' v ;. :• :■■-■ of California and her magnlfi
;V'---|;enJi;:; ibllities, her wonderful re
.-':"■ ■virceg,. I y."ish to sp^ak.
. ;••?,.•;■ '-^Jt-iOf her golden wheat fields, nor
\ : hr-r-rriiiies; not her forests of giant trees
■..."• ;..hoi-; : ; h6r luscious fruits; not her "whit.
■ ; ■'* wings-'* of" the ocean ov h<-r fruitful
;■•■•>. ■'. yltiGS.; ' not" .of all the blessings which
'•::",'; } videßce bestowed upon this en
.';.;; chanted '• land n.s Its b-rthright— not
.•^:. : V-..:si|d'.ne^Of ■ these, but cf one of nature's
■]1 ■ cit'ts ->yhich has been left, bo to speak.
' ' y; ; ;'\{inrvotice<J almost and uritehded, like «i
. .v.'.-'-.f.'itiU'de's.t.'' .little flower by the waysid?,
:•:...'.■... \v:: ; : tiij'£. timidly for a kind hand to mm.
?;! ■:ojtt*t : tfi .it. " ■:'
; :V, i - .'a'rti ' referring to the wonderful clay
/•;,>■. "'d* posits.'of . this State.
"•!■-■.;. '..children of California, you know
•:; •■•.- not./v-'hat your birthright Is!
••.-.•.■ .-.While millioi of dellars yearly are
• ;.-. : : '<xpfended on foreign pottery ware 3, you
■'".;.•• •hjrvvo Tight hen in this beautiful land
.; : v V'pf yOur own the wherewith to not only
•'■;.;•^manufacture for all home use, but to
'••-'»'._ abroad to other countries, as they
■'.',;..• tire, -sending to us.
...-••'.. • .The clay deposits of the Stcite of Cali
•';«.'i fornia are marvelous in their magni
:'; tude and variety ar.d only the lamenta
:": •• b!e lack of enterprise, the prejudice
'■'■ ••'■ 'against alj industry, has left undevel
oped what should years ago have be
•.'• : pome a generous revenue to this State.
:•' 'Through indifference, lack of knowl
edge or nearsightedness, or is ii the
love for the "imported"? Whichever'
DOES LIFE PAY?
If one poor struggling toller o'er life's
road
Who meets us by the way.
Goes on less conscious of his galling load.
Then life Indeed does pay.
Though all Eweet things are missing from
our lot.
Wherein all woes are rife:
if to some other we rmr joy have brought
We should thank God for life.
As the year draws to a close most of
us w.ho have passed eariy youth ask
MRS WILLIAM IREL/yN JJJ. Oj?NA/4EJiTI^Q A V/\SEi
it may be, groat opportunities have
been overlo*
Bat not forever.
Th^ exhibit of Roblin art ware at
the Califoi nic Club exhibitions
has proven to tl that fine pot
tery, tested by kiln fiie. can be made, is
made, fr fornia clays.
The struggles aivl trials which ac
companied the united eft* rta of A. W.
Roberts' m and myseli ;>!ish
what we did need not be told.
They shall not be told. They are bu
ried under the last dying embers of our
first kiln fire.
Our little art pottery came forth in a
modest way.- Who knows but. what it"
may be the means of the founding of a
great industry? The seed has been
planted, the germ came forth, a sturdy
little plant has unfolded its young
shoot*; some day there will be a big
tree with spreading boughs thriving
under the blue of California's sky. But
the young must be- tended. ''and so with
this new industry — it must be encour
aged, upheld and permitted to grow.
I think it will.
What has been done by other peoples
can be done heVe.
What has be<_-n done in tJv.' East can
be done in thi West.
What has itani • to do with indus
try ?
What, indeed, nowadays?
Cannot th:> same ships and freight
tro.ins which bring the products of
oth( countries to us take ours to th"m?
"VVe have all that le needed; California
clay beds will never bo chausted; any
•'vnd all materials necessary to produce
wares of all kinds are here, within easy
reach. Labor is not too high and our
climate!
Tho ideal climate for handling clays.
Our artists? W; can deny that
right in our midst talent is surprisingly
rent.
bltioh? Where are found more
hard-working, plodding art workers
than righi here? It is needless to say
That now fields Cor artists aiid laborers
of all kinds will always he appreciated.
Wealth? Wo all know the enormous
riches represented in .ifornia.
And needs? Note the huge crates of
art and domestic wares unloading on
our streets.
Would these very crates of foreign
and Eastern goods be shipped here 1 If
there were no demand for them? No,
we have inat<-ri:;i. talent, ambition and
wealth and we can manufacture right
here with large prof.t a:;d it should be
done.
It must be done.
A . than eight y .-*?-? ago
LBder William . a potter,
■i In every branch of the p I
from mixing the clays and fashion
ing shapes, from the assayer'a crucible
By Ella Wheder Wilcox.
ourselves as we look back over the
fleeting months, "Does life pay?" "We
i find in reading over our mental diary
so many records of worries, troubles
and sorrows, and bo few, comparatively
speaking, of pleasure and happiness to
balance the account. And so we fall
into i pessimistic reverie and ask our
selves, "Does it pay.'"
But the questio- is a very silly one.
We did not bring ourselves into life. It
was not a. speculation into which we
THE SAuST FRANCISCO CAL.L, SOJSTOAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
to the most perfect "thrown" Grecian
fr ::n producing the richest
"glaze" to "stacking" and "firing" a
kiln, interviewed me in consequence of
having read an article on pottery, a
contribution to the ninth annual re
port of the State Mineralogist, which
report is largely devoted to the clay
trees of the State of California.
furnishing analyses of numerous clays
and comparative tables. The chapter
ttery, a simple sketch, was written
by me and Mr. Robertson expected to
find, and did. a kindred spirit, one in
terests <i in his art.
He brought me a collection of articles
made by him in the year 1874 of Cali
fornia clays, some in the "bisque,"
others covered with rich, colored
"glazes."
These pieces, yet in existence, are the
first art pottery specimens made of
native clays.
They are beautiful, varying in text
ure and design.
The thought of founding an art pot
tery for the exclusive use of Californian
materials grew into the most ardent
desire, but was not put to practice then.
Not until after having seen the glori
ous exhibits of American pottery at the
Columbian Exposition in Chicago did
Mr. Robertson and myself make definite
plane to carry out our desired object.
We began by making some plaques,
which I decorated by 'carving" and
"slip-painting." But Mr. Robertson's
aim was to make clay tests, the previ
ous nnes which he had made having be
come useless to him, as the same clays
were 1 not obtainable without going to a
■ deal of trouble and new clays
being easily got.
We rented a small place on Twentieth
street and commenced work In a very
primitive way.
Encouragement we had none.
Unforeseen conditions prevented us
from working as w€- had hoped to and
in the course of time we ceased our
labors to take them up again and — to
cease once more.
But I could not "give up" entirely and
in due time, cheered by fresh hope, we
tried once more.
My experience had taught me that it
would be energy wasted to endeavor
to enlist others in the cause; the time
had as yet not com-.'.
Nearly a year ago we resumed our
labors, commencing once more at the
very beginning — making the sample
tests. But while doing so we concluded
to apply the experiments at once and
fashion decorated \vare. t
Part of a prolonged visit East I had
devoted to studying "underglaze"
painting and "rlay carving." "Model
ing" I was familiar with, having taught
classes some years ago. "Hammering
clay," a novel decoration^ applied only
consciously entered, expecting to reap
a profit of pleasure.
We came here despite ourselves. That
b.'ingr the fact, the only sensible thing
to do is to make the best of it.
"Whether life "pays" or not in nowise
concerns us, unless we use it as a logi
cal excuse from refraining to perpetu-
I ate our species. But I have observed
| that people who in loudest terms de
: clare life is i,ot worth living frequently
are most prolific in reproduction. Cer
tainly if the pursuit of pleasure were
the one consideration In this life it
•would not "pay."
But happiness is a matter greatly of
our own making. I have seen invalids
| suffering constant pain and deprived of
CALIFORNIA`S NEW INDUSTRY
ART POTTERY
''It is of California and her magnificent possibilities, her wonderful resources, I wish to speak. Not of her
golden wheat fields, nor her mines; not her forests of giant trees nor her luscious fruits: not her 'white wings' of the
ocean nor her fruitful vines; not of all the blessings which Providence bestowed, upun this enchanted land as its
birthright — not alone of these, but of one of nature's gift? which nas been left, so to speak, unnoticed almost and
untended. like a modest little tio.ver by the wayside, waiting timidiy for a kind hand to minister to it.
"I am referring to the wonderful clay deposits of this State.
"While millions of dollars yearly are expended on foreign pottery wares, you have right here in this beauti
ful land of your own the wherewith to not only manufacture for all home use, but to send abroad to other coun
tries, as they are sending to us. The clay deposits of the State of California are marvelous in their magnificence
and variety, and only the lamentable lack of enterprise, the prejudice against all 'industry, has left undeveloped
what should years ago have become a generous revenue to this State.
"The exhibit of Roblin art ware at the California Keramic Club exhibitions has proven to the skeptic that
fine pottery, tested by kiln fire, can be made, is being made, from California cl
in Mr. Robertson's art pottery at Chel
sea, Boston, I practiced under his in
struction and it became a gratifying
task to form objects of art and indi
vidual inspiration. The knowledge of
handling flay, with the object in view
of having the work fit to undergo the
ordeal of 'Tiring." I acquired also
through the thnrough teaching of Mr.
Robertson, whom 1 ever found a pa
tient, but exacting master.
ThM? we worked on for months, step
by step, with meager appliances, small
space and most primitive accessories?.
No snorting engine, no clay presses
and mills, no "jiggers" and stumps:
only the old, yet ever new pol
wheel, a "lathe," a few tubs aril sieves,
some boxes for "blungers," lumps of
clay and — our hands!
Ah, PaJiaay! You left an inheritance;
others followed in your footsteps. A
few hundred francs meant to you sal
vation; yet you suffered want. Now
fabulous sunu are paid for supposedly
genuine pieces wrought by your hand.
"The Middleman" was not the crea
tion of the imagination; it only tells
the tale of the poor, almost frenzied
potter who breaks up his scant furni
ture to feed the craving fire holes of his
kiln.
We were ready for our first 'Tiring."
The clays had been washed, dried,
mixed, ripe-Tied and allowed to "rest."
Omar Khayyam could have—
Remembered stopping by the way
To watch a potter thumping hi« wet clay,
As it was b.ing "wedged" ready to be
"thrown" into beautiful shapes.
The wheel had been humming merri
ly, the disk spinning and—
Turning round and round,
Without a pau^e. without a sound.
The magic hands of the wizard at
the wheel had formed piece? beautiful
in shape, pure in lines and delicate in
texture, that it almost seemed sacri
lege to decorate them; but individual
thought was banished and here a spray
of blossoms was modeled or painted,
there a design embossed, original, yet
vaguely recalling the crude handiwork
of the Aztec.
There a shapely Grecian ewer was
carved, or a low bowl Dipped and
pinched for two or three supple little
lizards to play hide and seek; or a hat
was hanging up for a rest, the pliant
clay portraying the silky texture of the
delicate wings.
One by one hundreds of dainty pieces
had grown under our hands, until
quite a collection of varied forma hail
accumulated from the chaste Grecian
vase to the irregular, quaint shape dic
tated by a fanciful mind.
Now we were all ready for our first
firing.
The "saggars" or cases made of clay
to hold the fine art ware were at hand;
the potter entered the kiln: one by one
the heavy "saggars" were lifted in to
be filled, according to his never erring
judgment.
One by one they were stacked, until
the first or piled up saggars
was comp>. '1. Ther. the second, third
and now the fourth and last.
The work of hours, t hip stacking of
the kiln, and— tisht quarters for the
squeezed in worker.
Half past 10. and the kiln full.
"Not another piece. Well, then, just
one more, but a wee one."
"Go in, then, little lizard, your ton.irue
showing already and th> kiin .is yet
cold. Go in and be brave; you will not
be alone."
Hundreds of articles, a!l duly
stamped with our emblem, the Callfor
nian bear and our adopted name, "Rob
lin," wrre incased ami tlv last "saggar"
closed.
The earnest worker has emerged from
his tight quarters.
Hand the fire bricks and the mortar,
for time is fleeting and the firing must
begin. Or.c by one the bricks are laid
to close the opening. Each one bears*
a wish for success. Carefully, firmly
the skillfully mixed mortar is spread
and smoothed with the trowel.
Accurately the test hole is closed and
the kiln is ready.
Twenty minutes of 12.
"Shall we begin?"
"No; let us wait for the new born
day."
Midnight.
With solemn sound the bells toll the
ending of that busy day.
The last stroke. I touch the taper
to my fire and the potter and our faith
ful assistant light theirs.
How I hoped, fervently, that my fire
— no, not only mine, but all should kin
dle and live. All was right and up
went the Raines, mine timidly, that of
Dave with a roar, the two of the master
just right. Steady, steady.
Over the hills rose the silvery disk of
the moon, like a kindly old friend,
sharing our long vigil.
Noisome fumes and clouds of smoke
filled the air. But it mattered not.
Carefully the fires were being tended,
a draught opened or closed here, there
a fire subdued, until the four burned
all the pleasures of the ordinary in
dividual, who were happy and who
scattered happiness on all who came
near.
Once we set about the work of culti
vating a happy trend in the mind and
it is surprising what possibilities for
happiness will develop within us.
One of the best recipes for happiness
is very old. It is so old many people
have forgotten it.
It ia simply to put aside all thought of
pleasure for yourself, make up your
mind to do the work given you to do
and to accomplish the nearest and most
unpleasant duties first. Then to lose no
chance to give the people who come
across your path all the pleasure and
happiness you can without interfering
with their development.
Begin with the people la your home.
Be courteous, amiable and considerate.
-
alike. After hours or watching:, a "test
hole" was opened and little "test pieces"
"drawn" quickly. One from below, one
from above. Every hour this was re
peated, until the potter was satipfied.
At intervals we heard threatening
sounds. "What can it be? The ware?"
"No, not the ware: don't worry."
But we did worry.
In due time one of the "spy holes"
was opened and we had a short glimpse
of the globing Inside. Through an
opening in one of the "saggars" i
Bite the "spy hole" could be seen a
"piece." It appeared safe, so far.
The long night ended and yet the
anxious watch was kept through the
(Jay. The flrea were permitted to "go
down" toward evening, the still ex
panding kiln had to "cool off."
A little spider fell from above and
lighted on my hand. The old super
stition that a "spider at night" brings
luck came to my thought. Tenderly I
tucked it away under a rose leaf. "Hide
away, little spider, and return on the
eve of to-morrow to bring us luck."
Another night passed and toward
evening of the second day I was given
the privilege of "opening" the kiln.
Enough of the bricks and clay were re
moved to make an opening just large
enough to take out the pieces put in
last.
For care must be taken not to admit
too much co.d air.
But how about our ware?
What were we destined to see?
Tiecps over which we had labored from
J\. W. pOBINSON jWDZL H] A VASE /\T Tf\Z J^OJJER'S WHEEL
You have no idea what opportunities
for improving: the world and benefiting
humanity lie in those three words. Very
few of ua are courteous, amiable and
considerate in our every-day dealings
with relatives, business associates and
servants. Most of us save these qual
ities for "company."
If you will bring them into hourly
use with everybody you meet you may
b« surprised at the results. You will
find it more difficult to achieve than
some larger exploits. But you will also,
quite to your surprise, find that you are
enjoying yourself, and you will cease to
ask "Does life pay?"
In speaking of a man who had at
tained great financial success, a writer
said: "He was equally ready and per
sistent in his efforts to aid a friend or
to ruin an enemy."
day to day shattered or distorted into
warped monstrosities?
"Quick; take this, but be careful; it
is hot."
I put. out a well-covered hand and
the lizard! The i i 1 1 1 - eyss
seemed to blink, the little tongue
!. but ail was well.
. "Whew, but it was hot." "Never
mind, little one, lizard no more, but a
fire-tried little salamander, you did
I y ore our ware was
from th
erfeet. "Fired" t" dainty
tint.
red and a
"Good kiln," you • as nobly 1 ;
for i. . • kiln "draw n" and all
well. ..iany a one returned but a
01 der. Mari\- a h . >
h arted, disappointed potter say.
Iren of his hands changed into
worthless fragments.
Thus was "Roblin," or California
faience, launched forth into the \
of Industry. The beginning jy made,
may it grow a to' more. May
th*e researches madj> by Alexander Wil
liam ttobertson, begun as far back a«^
1874, be crowned at last with well
merited success.
May the many years of patient wait
• rewarded by Californians manu
facturing what they need out of their
own flays.
When that is an established fact the
■ of having been the founder
of a great industry giving employment
to many will be the just claim of the
t from Chelsea, he who will go
down in the history of California, in
that of its clay development, as the
"pioneer!"
It seems to. me this is about as pitiful
a reputation as a man could achieve.
Whatever colossal material gain such
a man may .succeed in accuinul;;
his soul wealth would balance easily on
the point of a needle. Whatever his
weight in the world of finance, vrhat
tlie• measurement of his brain, ho
is nevertheless a small man in the eyes
of the universe.
It is oniy the small man who ever
pauses in this brief little span of life
to revenge his petty spite against an
enemy. It is the meager soul that finds
tiii-if or Inclination to attempt to ruin
anybody.
The great souls hasten on their own
way i bout their owa bus :
and j ustice k ii! at t>T,d to
then enerni> :-.
To leave our enemies in the rear,
while we press forward — so far forward
| that they catch only the echoes of the
band which r is the very
best revenge possible.
C the lowest human
i attributes and an indication of crudity
j and ignorance. It is excusable in a
i poor, uncultivated mind, but where we
find it nourishing in a nature which has
| been given the advantages of education
| and experience it is more reprehensible
than many a vice which is more se
ely condemned by moralists.
It is as ridiculous for a human soul to
stop and avenge some petty wrong it
has received as it would be for the
moon to stop in its course and wreak
vengeance upon the cloud which ob
scures it or upon the dog which bays
at it. The moon wisely keeps on its
journey, and the cloud vanishes, and
the dog exhausts Itself. — New York
Evening World.
1920
HOW A CITY FOUGHT AGAINST
GRIPPE AND DIPHTHERIA AND CONQUERED
LIKE nearly all other cltfes of
California, Alameda received a
most unwelcome visit from la
grippe. But unlike other cities,
Alameda at once went to work
with the most modern disease
fighting apparatus, and in ten days
completely knocked out the mi-sery-pro
ducing plague. At th< same time there
was almost an epidemic of diphtheria
prevailing, and this has also been
brought under control by the united ef
forts of the Board of Health, the physi
cians and the townspeople.
Alameda was free from la grippe for
GIANT UMBRELLA
FOR THE PARIS EXPOSITION
RE. SHERMAN*, a Chicago electrician and inventor, ceived word yes
terday from George Pangelo, Commissioner Peck's secretary of.Amer
i ican concessions for t Paris Exposition, that "Sherman's umbrella"
is now practically certain of getting'a place on the Exposition grounds.
•Sherman's umbrella" is the designation given to a mechanical device
intended to rival the Ferris wheel, and Mr. Pangelo has promised to no
tify the inventor by cablegram as soon as the concession is secured.
The name of the device invented by' Mr. Sherman was suggested by the
resemblance which his model bore to the frame of an umbrella. The ac
tual planning of the thing was intrusted to a practical mechanical engineer,
R. H. Hinchliff, who planned the Manufactures building at the Columbian
Exposition.
The idea of it is to carry passengers to a great height overlooking the
Exposition grounds. The plans call for a steel structure 350 feet high and
2no feet in diameter from car to car when the cars are at the top. Ten
cars are planned, each capable of accommodating fifty passengers. Mr.
Sherman says that the cars can make three trips every hour, which will
admit of their carrying more passengers in that time than the Ferris wheel
did, because all the cars can be loaded at one trip.
The cars are to be supported at the ends at ten long steel cables, which
are to run over the ends of the arms or staves of the "umbrella." The
power is to be applied from the platform around the central column. The
platform is intended to move up and down the column and to carry 350
passengers. The power by which It is expected to move the platform and
to lower and raise the cars is hydraulic pressure. Another motion is also
provided for in the plans. That is a rotary motion of the platform, carry,
ing with it the cars, and that motion is to be carried out by a separate ap
plication of electrical power.
Mr. Sherman says that not as much power will be required to run the
machine as is required to operate the Ferris wheel, because the weight of
each car filled with passengers is utilized as a counterbalancing power of
gravity over the pulleys at the ends of the arms.
The application for a site was made for grounds opposite the Champ de
Mars, where the Paris Ferris wheel is now in operation. The Paris wheel
is forty feet higher than the Chicago wheel.
a long time after it had become epi
demic in many other places, and pos
sibly might have escaped altogether if
the rain had only come a little sooner.
As it was, though, the long, dry season
that had prevailed left everything in
such condition that the germs grew
with frightful rapidity after they once
ptaited. The result vras that the doc
tors soon found themselves with their
hands full and the Board of Health was
confronted with a serious problem.
The cases of la grippe that might
have existed in Alameda before the be
ginning of this year were certainly very
few and attracted no attention what
ever. Two days later every doctor in
town had to work almost day and
night. There seemed to be a case in al
most every house, and new ones were
reported as rapidly.
It was apparent that something had
to be done, and done quickly. The
Board of Health was equal to the emer
gency and at once procured a large
number of portable formaldehyde gas
furnaces. These are acknowledged to
be the most powerful disinfecting ma
chlnes in existence. Large quantities
of formaline tablets, formaline liquid
and methyl alcohol were also procured,
and instructions given to use plenty in
every case.
From the first the board realized that
to do the work effectively It must be
done thoroughly. To this end several
•if the furnaces were placed at the ser
vice of physicians, who used them in
houses where they had patients. This
immediately put a check on the disease
in that place, as it killed all the germs
in the- house and so prevented the well
people from carrying' them out and dis
tributing them about the town.
The work done by the Board of
Health was principally precautionary,
although Dr. McLean, the Health Of
ficer, had a large number of cases that
required the same handling as was done
by physicians in their private practice.
The first public work done was to dis
infect all the omces in the City Hall.
This was done by bringing. the formal
dehyde furnaces into the rooms at
night, closing doors and windows tight
and starting the apparatus. In less
than an hour the rooms were so full of
gas as to make it impossible for any
body to remain in them. The gas was
allowed to remain in the rooms all
night, in which time it penetrated into
every crevice and killed every germ
that lurked there. In the morning the
doors were opened and the odor of the
gas passed away.
All public halls were treated the same
way. The Public Library was the
biggest undertaking, as the room is
enormous. Several furnaces were used
and nearly 3000 formaldehyde pastils
consumed. Th" material used in do
ing this work cost about $15.
Several merchants obtained the use
of the formaldehyde furnaces and disin
fected their Btores. People who had
no sickness also borrowed the machines
and disinfected their homes merely as
a precautionary measure. In this con
nexion it is Interesting to note that not
a single case of la grippe haß been re
ported from these houses.
It seemed for two or three days that
all of Alameda was being disinfected.
The odor of the eas huner h-^ivy nn
the air, but nobody minded that, for
the dread disease was being conquered.
i.'. < '. Maillot, the sanitary Inspector,
has had charge of most of the work
of disinfecting, and it has kept him
busy.
"I don't know how many cases of
grippe we had," he said, when speaking
of the matter, "but there were a good
many. And they all came on us sud
denly. I don't think there were any
more than we had at the last visit of
the disease, but they seem more, as
they all came in a bunch. Two weeks
ago we hardly heard of la grippe, ex
cept that it was bad in some other city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
Never in the history of
California has a municipality
taken the steps to stamp out
a disease that Alameda has
taken during the last two
weeks. And Alameda has
conquered. Like other cities
of the State Alameda re
ceived a visit from the grip
scourge. Owing to the long
dry weather that had previ
ously prevailed, the disease
established a strong foothold
and spread rapidly. Hut the
Eoard of Health was equal
to the occasion, and at once
procured a number of the
most modern disinfecting
machines. Then began a
systematic fumigating of all
public buildings, offices, the
library, reading rooms and
schoo's with formaldehyde
gas. In the laboratory of
the Eoard of Health one
apparatus was kept working
all the time, and whoever
wished had the privilege of
entering and being disinfected
of any germs that might b»
clinging to his clothing.
This was a precautionary
public measure that has
p-oved valuable. In a week
the disease was under con
trol and it is now almost
entirely stamped out, as only
cne or two new cases have
been reported in the last three
days.
Then suddenly we were swamped with
cases.
"Dr. MeLeap had to work almost day
and night. We used pounds of quinine
and pills in the office on city cases, and
still the malady got worse and worse.
"Then we got the formaldehyde fur
naces and disinfected everything we
could and soon had the disease under
cotitroL New it is practically stamped
out.
"One of the clerks In an office in the
City Hall seemed to have a touch of
the disease and he asked to be allowed
to stay in one of the rooms a whilo
during the time of disinfection. I d"on't
know whether it did him any good or
not, but it certainly prevented him
from carrying any of the germs around
with him, because it killed any that
may have been in his clothes.
"Then other people asked for the
privilege of being disinfected and, of
course, it was permitted. It is not ex
actly a pleasant sensation, but is un
doubtedly a powerful killer of microbes
in clothing. And if we cun prevent
germs being carried about in this way
we can soon check the disease. Did
you ever see the apparatus work?"
Mr. Maillot then led the way to the
VOUNDED NINETEEN TIMES. IN ONE BATTLE.
FRANK KENNEDY, now in Kansas city, was wound
ed nineteen times in the battle of Santiago de Cuba.
He walks with crutches, since his right leg, broken
six times, is still a little tender, but he hopes soon
to be able to discard them, when he will again
enter Uncle Sam's service, this time as a regular.
"I was in Guthrie, O. T., when the war broke out," said
Mr. Kennedy. "Two brothers of the name of Otto and
James Wi/Bon and I were going to the Klondike. We had
our tiolcett, to the Pacific Coast already bought and paid
for; then came the call for volunteers, so we sold our
tickets to a scalper and enlisted. Little did I think then
that eight months later I would be a claimant for a pen
sion, with my picture in the newspapers looking like the
diagram of a panicky day on the Board of Trade. But I
have long since ceased being surprised at anything.
"I was a sergeant in Troop F of the First Texas Volun
teer Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Wood. On July 3, the
second day of the battle, I was serving as mounted orderly
for General Lawton. Early in the afternoon, while carry
ing a dispatch from him to General Wheeler's headquar
ters, i ran into a Spanish skirmish line, and before I knew
It there were Spaniards all around me, yelling like Cnman
ches. It was too late to turn back. I put spurs to my
horse, and, drawing my revolver, proceeded to empty it
Into the Dons' faces.
"Well, I felt the conventional 'stinging sensations'
several times before I got out of that mess, but I kept
straight ahead, loading my revolver as I went, and incident
How FranK Kennedy Was Wounded Nineteen Times in the Battle of Santiago.
laboratory. The air was heavy with
a gas that made the eyes water and
smart. A few people were standing
about, undergoing the heroic treatment
merely as a precautionary measure.
"Let me put in a few more pastils,"
said Mr. Maillot, lifting up one of the
furnaces. He then took about a doz^n
small, white disks that had much the
appearance of candy and dropped them
into the top of the furnace.
Instantly a faint white vapor could
be seen issuing from the opening, and
soon it spread all through the room.
Gradually as the paste in the pastils
was consumed they disappeared. Then
there was a smarting of eyes and a
coughing. But there was no physical
effect as far as weakness was con
cerned.
"When I am disinfecting a room I
use it much stronger. But for this
purpose a mild strength is just as ef
fective because we can only expect to
kill the germs in the cjothing. Dozens
of people underwent this treatment,
and it undoubtedly went a long way
toward checking the disease.
"At any rate we now have la grippe
under control. No new cases have been
reported to-day and but one yesterday.
"We have also had a large number of
diphtheria cases to look out for. Quin
zy has also been very bad, but now
there seems to be an end of them. The
disinfecting apparatus has been used
wherever possible, and ■ I am sure it
has been the means of saving us from
a big epidemic. The citizens have all
been anxious to aid us in our work.
That we have done so well has been
entirely due to new scientific meth
ods."
• » »
In connection with the important
work just done by formaldehyde gas in
Alameda it is interesting to note the
following discovery just made in re
gard to its properties by Dr. Ernest
Pillsbury, of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons.
"I have done a great deal of work
with formaldehyde gas,"- said Dr. Pills
bury, "and have read a great deal of
literature on the subject, but I have
never heard that it had the power of
producing immunity from infection as
well as being a disinfectant.
"That it has this power I discovered
accidentally a few days ago while
working in my laboratory. And it
seems perfectly natural that such
should be the case if you stop to think
a moment.
"I had a lot of gelatine plates with
disease cultures on them that I did not
want. I destroyed them by the fumes
of formaldehyde *ras. It so happened,
though, that there were also a number
of fresh plates in the room. That is.
the pure gelatine plate in which no dis
ease cultures had been planted.
"The next day I planted some cul
tures in those plates and put them in
the incubator. To my surprise the cul
tures did not grow aX all. It took me
some time to find out what was the
matter. It then dawned on me that
the plates wore immune. That I am
right in this t have since proved by
experiment, and know positively that
whatever is touched by formaldehyde
gas is immune to any vegetable bac
teria, such as that of la grippe."
S. H. Rosenthal and Dr. S. J. yon
Kourocki have been for the last three
years working together in Berlin in the
endeavor to discover the means of mak
ing a non-poisonous match which would
strike anywhere. To Mr. Rosenthal be
longs the credit of finding a paste for
match heads which is not poisonous,
which is readily ignited on any rough
surface and which gives off no fumes
or smell. The use of phosphorus in the
manufacture of matches often gives the
factory operatives a horrible disease,
decay of the jawbone, sometimes called
"phossy jaw."
Like many other tremendous discov
ally taking an inventory of my wounds. I found I had been
shot four times and cut twice with machetes.
"A quarter of a mile farther on I ran into another
bunch, and again I had to run the gauntlet. The proceed
ing of three minutes before was repeated. I emptied my
revolver, .and put my horse to his highest speed. This time
I was shot three times and received four cuts from ma
chetes, which brought the total number of wounds up to
thirteen.
"After this second adventure I had ridden about a mile.
I guess, when a shell burst near by, killing my horse
and breaking my right leg below the knee in six places. I
fell to the ground, where I lay until 4 o'clock the next
afternoon. It was 2 o'clock when the shell burst.
"Shortly afterward I was placed on board a hospital ship
and taken to New York. While I was still on the ship in
New York harbor Major Armstrong, formerly surgeon ma
jor of the Second Kansas National Guard, «• which I had
been a member, came on board and recognized me, and
by his orders I was transferred to the hospital at Fort
Thomas, Ky. Here I was given the very best of medical
and surgical attention. I believe the surgeons took special
pride in bringing me out whole, as I was so badly cut up."
The World of October 20, 1898, published a diagram
somewhat similar to that which accompanies this article,
pointing out the wounds received by Fritz Woelk, a vet
eran of the Franco-Prussian war, nor a grocer at 420 East
Eighteenth street. But since Mr. Woelk was wounded only
six times, he must yield the palm to Mr. Kennedy, who goes
him thirteen better.— Kansas City Times.
People Beiog Disinfected With Forn)aldehyde Gas in the Laboratories Established for That
Purpose by the City. Similar Disinfecting Machines Were fllso Sent to Private
Homes on Application and Were Constantly in Use at fill Public Buildings.
eriesr"this one was made accidentally. I
am not at liberty to divulge the nature
of the experiments during which .Mr.
Rosenthal made it. But at all events it
was one which proves that "peace hath
her victories no less renowned than
war." The discovery of the Invention
having been achieved it was submitted
to the well-known assayists, Messrs.
Johnson, Matthey & Co., Limited, Hat
ton Garden, who declared that the
match contains no trace of yellow phos
phorus. Mr. Castle told me that al
ready provisional patents had been
taken out for the United Kingdom and
eleven foreign countries. Considering
that the discovery was only made on
the Ist of this month this is pretty
smart work.
"And how do you propose to develop
this discovery?" I asked. "Well, we
don't propose to develop it ourselves;
we are content with taking out the pat
ents. We are thoroughly assured that
the invention fs a sound and practical
one, and we expect to be approached
by one or the other of the leading
match manufacturers — that is to say, if
they are honest in their intention of
adopting a process of manufacture
which will do away with the use of yel
low phosphorus, and of that I should
say there can be little doubt."
Some time ago, it may be added, the
Belgian Government offered a prize to
the inventor who would produce a
match which fulfilled the following con
ditions: It must not contain phos
phorus or other poison; it must not
give off poisonous gases in combustion;
OVER 100 YEARS OLD,
ACCORDING TO HER TRIBE
° 800-TCHI-KA, the Indian
o Won)an who Is Said to
o Be 130 Years Old.
On the North Fork of Cache Creek, in
Lake County, California, there lives an
old withered Indian woman, 800-Tchi-
Ka by name, who is popularly supposed
to be at least 130 years old. She was a
very old woman in 1850, when Lieuten
ant Lyons punished the Indians of that
county for the murder of Stone and
Kelsey, two early settlers on Clear
Lake. "Old ZeV an Indian who is over
100 years of age, is the youngest son of
800-Tchi-Ka, who had a family of
eight children, all of whom are long
dead except Zeb. Zeb's great-grandson
is a man over 50 years of age, and his
own numerous years are pretty well
proven by records and the memories of
many old white people who when chil
dren knew "Old Zeb" and hi? phenom
enally aged mother. 800-Tchi-Ka is
totally blind and deaf and for years has
made no effort at communication with
any one. She cannot walk without as
sistance, and is cared for most kindly
by her tribespeople, who regard her
with supertstitious awe.
* * •
SINCE the death of old "Vaquero" a
few days ago the oldest Indian now
living in the Monterey County
Almshouse is "Old Parito," a Yaqui In
dian, who first saw the light of day
over a hundred years ago. The real
name of this Indian is not known, even
to his best friends now living. Thoae
who once knew it are all deal and the
present generation has never been able
to learn it. For some reason best known
to himself he refuses to tell.
Old Parito was a full-grown man
when the Mexicans rebelled against
Spanish rule in 1810. He was then
known as a young man, but he fought
with his tribe in that war, and says
it must strike everywhere. These con
ditions Mr. Rosenthal and his partner
claim to have fulfilled, and, moreover,
they claim that their matches can v>->
manufactured as cheaply as the- ordi
nary ones and by the same machinery
and staff.
There is no excuse, therefore, for any
manufacturer of "phossy jaw" matches
to hesitate in giving this new discovery
a trial.
A costermonger was in great trouble.
His little son was dead. The bishop en
deavored to comfort him to the best of
his power. Rocking to and fro in dis
tress of mind, he suddenly looked at the
bishop, and, with tears running- down
his cheeks, said: "D'ye think I could
get the young beggar stuffed? '
proudly that he did his share of the
work.
When the Mexicans had gained their
independence he, with the rest of his
tribe, claimed equal privileges with the
victors. As this was not granted a
general uprising occurred and a war
that only ended a few years ago be
gan. Parito took part in this fighting
but when certain rights had been ob
tained he emigrated to what was then
known as , T pper California.
This was in 1827, and he resided here
until the war with the United States
occurred in 1848. When thj goid fever
broke out he worked in the mines, but
was too feeble to do very much when
he came in competition with the
younger men. At that time he was
about 60 years of age.
He says he has a sister named Anna
Maria Vaquero, living on the Yaqui
River, who has property belonging to
him. She is his youngest sister and
was 100 years old when he last heard
from her.
As I was leaving I asked Parito
what he thought of the war between
the United States and Spain. His re
ply was: "I have seen that country
(Spain) own nearly every Toot of land
south of this country and the greater
part of this country itself. I have seen
her lose all: I have helped her to loss
some. I can now die happy."KING OF COUNTERFEITERS
NOTES FOR. MILLIONS,
AlfOftG all human paradoxes and
puzzles— men of Beckefs Ilk
there is one who died l^st week
wrho holds the distlnctkn of be
ing without a peer. 3e was a
man clever, cultured Old widely
known. He was a philanthropist to the
bounds of fxtravagance, patriotic be
yond the measure of the ordinary man.
His name was Hitter vo* Boor. He
came from a poor but nob> family and
had a lineage roeval with that of Em
perior Franz Josef himself.
As an opulent landlord the chevalier
was without an equnl in Austria. He
was the founder of the 7ienna Building
Bark and the prime promoter of the
Donau Steamship Company. Like Mae
cenas he was a most Indulgent patron
of the fine arts and aelles lettres. He
established asylums for orphans and
the indigent aged and was considered
the foster father of all the sick and the
destitute.
At the prime time this saintly man, ln
ventor and geniui, was the most suc
cessful forger aad counterfeiter that
ever operated in a civilized country.
He was born in Austrian Flanders in
IS2O. At a very early age he became an
orphan and feli into the hands of some
of his near relatives. They sent him to
a college, where he began to manifest a
decided leaning: toward art. To culti
vate this penchant for sketching he
withdrew to a school at Orwald in
Flanderi, aad later to the Academy of
Art in I'aris.
His small income being cut off by the
death of his uncle, the chevalier retired
to the little Austrian village of Klagen
furt. Her' he dropped th>- aristocratic
appendage to his name and subscribed
himself merely Maximilian Boor. After
a few months' struggle to obtain em
ployment suitable to his talents, and
meeting with sorry success, he chanced
upon r charming young milliner, whom
he wedded after a brief courtship.
To raise funds for their sustenance
the young husband turned his artistic
bent 't" good use in painting portraits,
while his pretty wife still continued to
work at the millinery trade. Altogether
it was ;i precarious living, even at its
best, and there can be little doubt that
it was at this period that Boor, goaded
by unsatisfied appetites, began to seek
a'means of bettering his fortunes by il
legu 1 methods.
After enduring more than the usual
share of adversity Boor suddenly met
■with an affliction that frightened him.
He began to lose his sight to a degree
■w r ere the discernment of colors became
in-possible to him. His means of liveli
hood came to a sudden end. But con
trary to the usual run of mankind the
artist did not despair.
Shortly alter this affliction it began to
be noticed by the curious neighbors
that times were bettering for the Boors.
He who bad been but a mediocre paint
er soon developed into a business man
Of the highest order. The little millin
ery shop seemed to be a veritable gold
mine, of course in a town of limited
size this sudden acquisition of wealth
caused a ripple of curiosity. However,
no one suspected that the gold which
the artist so generously handled had an
illegal origin.
Five years later Boor, who had set foot
in the town a penniless knight, rose to
the rank of its most opulent citizen. He
purchased several mansions which he
furnished most sumptuously. He began
also to take a hand in large business
transactions and acquired no little fame
as a financier of the first order.
The domestics in the mansion, how
ever, began to consider their master
v> ry erratic, if not demented. They
told in whispers how he would seclude
himself for days at a time in a dark
ened chamber, doing no one knew what.
But to the wiser and more important
citizens of Klagenfurt no shadow of a
suspicion of any evildoing ever came.
At this period Yon Boor began to feel
the restrictions a residence in the coun
try imposed and h^ «lghed for a larger
field of action. Finally he departed
with his wife for Vienna. There he
launched out in the schemes that made
his name a part of the industrial and
commercial history of Austria.
He began a life of unexampled splen
dor by purchasing the magnificent do
mains of Auf der Mauer and Koenigs
foerde, near Erlau, for six million gul
den. He associated with the elite of
the capital and his home soon became
a rendezvous for the devotees of art
and the sciences. Among those whom
Boor especially favored were engrav
ers. This fact, little noticed at the
time, came to bear a wonderful signi
ficance In later times.
The genius for business which was
bo remarkable a trait in the chevalier's
character soon made him engage in gi
WALTER BESANT`S OPINION
OF DOOMSDAY PROPHETS
THERE lies before me a document of the most surprising kind. It is
the manifesto of a prophet. He is a surviving specimen— one hopes
the last — of a whole class which were numerous thirty years ago. At
that time they were engaged upon the Great Horn and the Little Horn
—the second advent and the end of the world. The Emperor Napo
leon was the beast. He was going to overrun all Europe in the year 1870.
Poor man. he was overrun himself in that year. The second advent would
follow, with the end of the present order and the millennium.
I have a book published about the year 1866, in which these coming
events are set forth with great precision. And some people still remember
the prophet of Crown Court, the Rev. Dr. Cumming, who kept his flock in a
continual state of feverish expectation of what was going to happen and
never did. And there were many others.
My present prophet is a successor of those eminent seers and foretellers.
What he tells us is that the end of the present order cannot possibly be
delayed mure than a few months; and he proves it up to the hilt. At least,
he Fays so, in effect. How does he prove it?
Very simply. The number "six" is, he says, the "perfect" number;
perfect, that is. in evil. What this means I cannot tell you; nor what
any number can have to do with the round world and all that therein is.
He" goes on to illustrate this property of the number "six" by recalling the
fact that the creation of the world took six days. So that, contrary to
Revelation, the creation of the world was the supreme evil! Again, how
can the duration of rroation by days have any effect upon the future his
tory of mankind? Are we governed by charms and talismans? Then, after
• six comes sfven. which is the "perfect" number, <>r the number of "perfect"
good. Why? Because th<- day of rest was the seventh? Why should the
number of the day, reckoning from the first, have any effect upon the future
history of mankind? My friend does not explain.
But see how the numbers come In! In two or three days, by the old
chronologers, 6000 years will have passed away since the creation— the sev
enth thousand will begin. Therefore the old order will change, and the
millennium, or period of sabbatical rost, will begin. But why after 6000 more
. than after 600, or 60, or 60,000? The prophet does not explain, and, as to
that chronology which assigns 4004 B. C. as the date of creation, we row
know that before that period there was a flourishing kingdom with civiliza
tion and ordor of its own in Egypt and another In Babylonia. But this, of
course, is below the notice of a prophet.
In a word, we have here a piece of fanatical nonsense worthy of the
days of Venner and his fifth monarchy men. All the follies, all the enthu
siasms, all the perversions remain. We think we have outlived them, and
lo! they are with us again.
One Way Out of Trouble.
"Gimme six pounds of sugar," de
manded a small boy rushing into a gro
cery store in breathless haste.
"Four cents a pound; that'll be 24
cents," said the man behind the coun
ter, as he tied up his package.
"Hold on! I want ten pounds of rice
—what's that a pound?"
"Sir: cents," answered the man; "80
centß. What else did your mother send
for?"
"I want eight quarts of beans.
What'll they be?"
"Beans are 15 cents— a dollar twenty."
gantic enterprises, which necessitated
immense sums of money. His coffers,
however, knew no depletion. The only
noticeable feature of his life in the cap
ital was the frequency of his trips to
one of his country residences. These
journeys were not regulated by the sea
sons, as was the case with his fellow
aristocrats, lut occurred regularly
throughout each year.
In the height of his success the death
of Madame Boor took place. Whatever
sorrow this event may have caused It
was soon smothered by the fever of
speculation and business and by the
gayety of social life.
At the town palace, for which Boor
paid the handsome sum of two hundred
and fifty thousand gulden, affairs be
gan to be carried on on a more luxur
ious scale. The plate was of graven
gold, the furnishings were most sumpt
uous, the rare dinners that became an
established bi-weekly custom earned
for the knight the sobriquet of the Aus
trian Lucullus. Chance putting it in
his way, the domain of Kaltenbrunn,
near Voeslau, was added to his estates
by the power of his secretly manufac
tured currency.
As was before mentioned the chev
alier had foreborne to use his aristo
cratic title of Ritter or Knierht and had
even clipped the noble "yon" from his
name owing, of course, to the obscurity
into which he was cast by his few years
of poverty. Ignorant of this fact, how
ever, his many friends imparted to
Boor their opinions as to the proba
bility of the Emperor conferring a pa
tent* of nobility on him. Thinking the
time opportune for a resumption of hi<*
titles Ritter procured his papers from
"Now let me have seven pounds of
codfish, two and a half pounds of tea,
two quarts of vinegar, six dozen
clothespins and three pecks of pota
toes," called out the boy, reading from
a memorandum in his hand; "and give
me a bill of it all. please."
When the packages were all done up
and the bill was ready, the grocer
j handed it over, with "Did your mother
send the money or does she want them
charged, sonny?"
"My mother didn't send for nothing,"
was the boy's answer, as he made swift
ly for the door. "That's my arithmetic
lesson, and I had to have the answer or
get licked."— New York Catholic Newß.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
his old Flemish home and thereafter
his station among the nobility became
defined and undisputed. Simultaneously
he won the hand of a daughter of the
Prince yon Rosenberg-Orsini. All doors,
even those of the imperial Hofburg,
swung Avide to admit the noble Croesus.
Shortly subsequent' to this important
event Boor's father-in-law died, leaving
in the hands of the fortunate Chevalier
the castles of Rossegg, Teutendorf and
Rosenbach and the palatial villa ol
Rosenburg at Klagenfurt. Filled with
an inordinate pride for beautiful estates
the knight consumed one-half million
of gulden in embellishing these newly
acquired possessions. The man whom
fin-tune so greatly petted had now
reached the zenith of success.
At about this date he published his
opinions as to the value of savings
banks and he drew up the plans for
the first institution of its kind that
Austria had ever seen. He himself
was appointed curator. Thus while
he safe-guarded the money of his
k fellow men he manufactured im
MRS. EDDY'S DEFENSE
OF CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
MRS. MARY BAKER G. EDDY,
the founder of Christian Sci
ence, has been reading some
of the many recent attacks on
that school, anent the death
of Harold Frederic, and has come out
in a letter in its defense. Mrs. Eddy
refers at the beginning of her letter
to an article that appeared in the New-
York Times. Harold Frederic was, it
will be remembered, the London corre
spondent of the Times, and that paper
has been foremost in the recent attack
upon the Christian Scientists. The edi
torial to which Mrs. Eddy specifically
replies, contains such passages as,
"Why is it not possible to suppress
these murderous fanatics in this coun
try?" and, "Why are they not ar
rested?"
The words which call out Mrs.
Eddy's reply occurred in the following
paragraph:
"Why not enforce the law against
these homicidal charlatans who prac
tise their hocus-pocus on patients sick
with typhoid fever, heart disease and
consumption? They kill, and, so far,
kill unpunished. Not one of them could
pass the regents' examination. It
would catch them all, and they would
be delivered over to the law if they
practiced and took fees without a
license. The experience of Massarhu
setts shows that it may be difficult to
draft a statute that will net these pests.
Common sense shows that new legisla
tion is not needed. Existing law will
protect the ignorant from their deadly
impostures if it be enforced."
Here, in part, is Mrs. Eddy's reply;
"In a New York paper an article was
published November 25, 1898, in which
Christian Scientists were called 'pests.'
That epithet points a moral. Jewish
pagans thought the learned St. Paul,
the Mars Hill orator, the canonized
saint, was a 'pestilent fellow,' but to
day all sorts of institutions flourish
under the name of this 'pestilent fel
low.' Of old Pharisees and hypocrites
said of the great master of meta
mense quantities at his country cha
teau so that the amount in circulation
might not be diminished.
The Emperor himself did not disdain
to be found as a guest at Castle Kalten
brunn, 1 nor was his Majesty sparing in
his encomiums on the wealth of his
host, the beauty of his wife and other
kindred subjects. Little, however, did
the Emperor suspect the secret of Yon
Boor's good luck.
In the year of 1879 the chevalier's
star began its descent. The old oph
thalmic disease returned. An oculist of
much renown, Professor Rosas, per
formed an operation on his eyes and
succeeded in saving one from blindness.
But this remaining eye was so weak
that the unfortunate counterfeiter was
forced to forego labor of every kind
that necessitated the use of sight.
Lacking his master hand Yon Boor's
business interests began to suffer ma
terially. Owing to the lack of funds
which he could no more manufacture
loss upon loss followed. At first public
attention was not attracted, so slow
physics, 'He is a stirrer up of seditions,'
and because they could find no fault
in him they vented their hatred of him
in opprobrious epithets; but what
would be thought to-day of a man that
should call St. Paul "pestilent," and
what will be thought to-morrow of him
who shall call Christian Scientists
'pests'? Again, what, indeed, shall be
said of him who saith the Savior of
men, the healer of men, the Christ, the
truth, "is a stirrer-up of seditions'?
"What most concerns the world in all
ages is, that men suspend judgment
and sentence on the pioneers of Chris
tianity until they know of what and of
whom they speak. A person's ignor
ance of Christian Science is a sufficient
reason for his silence on the subject;
but what can atone for the vulgar de
nunciation of what a man knows ab
solutely nothing about?
"I challenge the world to disprove
what I hereby declare. After my dis
covery of Christian Science I healed
consumption in its last stages that the
M.Ds., by verdict of the stethoscope
and the schools, declared incurable, th<
lungs being mostly consumed. I healed
malignant tubercular diphtheria and
carious bones that could be dented by
the linger, saving them when the sur
geon's instruments were lying on the
table ready for their amputation. I
have healed at one visit a cancer that
had so eaten the flesh of the neck as
to expose the jugular vein so that it
stood out like a cord.
"In what sense is the Christian Sci
entist a 'pest'? Is it because he minds
his own business more than the aver
age man, is not a brawler, an alcohol
drinker, a tobacco-user, a profane
swearer, an adulterer, a fnrnieator, nor
a dishonest politician or business man?
Or is it because he is the very antipode
of all these? In what sense is the Chris
tian Scientist a charlatan? Is it be
cause he heals the sick without drugs?
Well, our best examplar, the Nazarene
prophet, healed through mind, and
commanded his followers to do likewise.
The prophets and apostles and Chris
tians in the first centuries healed the
sick as a token of their Christianity.
Has Christianity improved upon its
earlier records, or has it retrograded?
Compare the lives of its present profesl
cora with those of its followers at the
beginning of the Christian era and you
have the correct answer-
Meteoric Career in Crime of an Austrian
Nobleman— Has Just Died After Being
Released From Prison by the
Emperor's Clemency.
were the graduations of his ruin, but
finally as the unhappy man began to
sacrifice his beautiful estates in an ef
fort to avoid financial collapse much
wonderment ensued.
Five years later an alignment was
made. Nothing remained of that co
lossal fortune but a palace on the Jae
gerzeile. in Vienna, and a few scat
tered estates. The news of this event
went worldwide. Much sympathy was
accorded the chevalier, and it must
have caused a curious smile to rise on
his care-worn face when his secretaries
read to him from the daily journals the
columns touching on his financial dis
tress, where, above all. his sterling hon
esty was roundly praised.
Many of the following years were
spent in poverty, all the more dire be
cause a certain nobility of action had
to be maintained. The last florin of
his wife's fortune was about consumed
when, owing to the treatment that had
been recommended to him, his remain
ing eye recovered to such a degree as
to permit him to try counterfeiting
again.
In a very brief time the chevalier re
turned to Vienna. The high life of
former days was resumed, much to the
amazement of all who knew him. It
was supposed at the time that Emperor
Franz Josef, out of commiseration
for him, for his misfortunes had ac
corded him some practical assistance.
No one suspected the truth, but the
denouement was not far distant.
In 1880 the officials of the
Vienna First Savings Bank be
came cognizant of the fact that
counterfeit bank notes in the sums
"As a pertinent Illustration of this
general subject under discussion, I will
cite a modern phase of medical practice,
namely, the homeopathic system, to
which the old school has become recon
ciled. Here I speak from experience.
In homeopathy the highest attenua
tions of medicine have n«>t an iota (if
the drug left in them, and the lower
attenuations have so little that a vial
full of the pellets are swallowed with
out harm and without appreciable ef
fect, whereas the homeopathist ad
ministers half a dozen or less of thesc
same globules, and tells you, and you
will believe him, that therewith he
heals the sick. This, however, does not
disprove the efficacy of the system. It
enhances it, for it identifies it with
mind, not matter, in the grooves of
God, in the hands of Omnipotence. And
say, O petty scorner of the Infinite!
canst thou mock His miracles or scat
ter His shade who 'abideth under the
shadow of the Almighty'?
"The homeopathist handles in hi.«
practice, and is supposed to heal, the
most violent stages of organic Inflam
matory disease, to stop decomposition,
to remove enteritis, gastritis, gastral
gia, hyperemia, pneumonia, diphtheria
and ossification— the effects of calcare
ous salts formed by carbonate and sul
phate of lime; and the homeopathic
physician succeeds in healing his cases
without drugs equally with the allo
path, who depends uoon drugs. Then, is
mind or matter the intelligent factor
in pathology? If matter, I challenge
matter to act apart from mind; and if
mind, I have proved beyond cavil that
the action of mind is curative and po
tent in proportion as it acts untram
meled by matter. Hence our Master's
saying, 'The flesh praflteth nothing.'
The difference between metaphysics in
homeopathy and metaphysics in Chris
tian Science consists in this forcible
fact: The former enlists faith in the
pharmacy of the human mind, and the
latter couples faith with understanding,
and is based on the Divine mind, know
ing that this mind is omnipotent, is in
finite, is all — hence it is the sovereign
appeal, and there is nothing therein to
attenuate. The more of this mind the
better for both physician and patient.
"Ignorance, slang and malice touch
not the hem of the garment of Chris
tian Scientists, for once touching it
they would be destroyed."
of 10 and 100 gulden were being floated
by som,e unknown but masterly hand.
They secretly notified Chief of Detec
tives Felsenthal. The case presented
many difficulties, which were of a novel
character to the Vienna detective, but
with the instinct of his kind he set him
self to work and did not relinquish his
efforts until he had his prisoner behind
the prison walls.
A theory which at first seemed very
plausible to Felsenthal was that the
spurious currency had its origin outside
of the Austrian empire. This theory
soon proved untenable. The next step
was to order a close watch on all the
first-class engravers in Vienna. The
utility of this was shown by the fact
that the work on the greenbacks could
have been executed only by a man who
was an ade "t of the highest order. De
spite the keenest vigilance, the nefar
ious work still went on.
Informations were then sent to the
business men of the city as to the
method of detecting the true from the
counterfeit bills. There was but one
mar which the half-blind knight had
overlooked in his handiwork. To the
expert eye an irregularity in the water
marks was plainly perceptible. Being
apprised of this fact, the shopkeepers
were also instructed to bring to police
headquarters any one, no matter what
his station or degree in life, who passed
one of the counterfeits.
One day after this ste-p an elderly
gentleman of very dignified aspect was
caught paying for a watchchain with a
note of the spurious kind. Upon exami
naton he very readily explained how he
came into the possession of it and was
liberated without being requested to
leave his name. This man was Yon
Boor. Many other shoppers were
brought in to the police, but their hon
esty was easily proven. Among the
many Madame yon Boor was detected
paying a bill with the worthless paper.
Her replies were, however, very satis
factory.
These several arrests of the Yon
Boors prompted Felsenthal to take a
trip of investigation to their villa at
Meidling. The detective's clever prob
ing elicited some suspicions and facts
which were the foundation of Boor's ar
rest.
Felsenthal returned to Vienna with
the firm conviction that the chevalier
was at least one of the distributors of
the notes.
The report which the detective hand
ed in to the authorities met with de
rision. A few days later, however, the
new cook at the villa informed the po
lice that her employer showed all the
indications of insanity. He would se
clude himself in a certain barred room
for days at a time, neither eating nor
sleeping, and had followed this custom
for many months.
Upon receipt of this report the Min
RAMON LALA'S IDEA
OF FILIPINOS AS CITIZENS
Special to the Sunday Call.
THK Government and all the con
ditions of life of 7,000,000 men,
women and children, inhabitants
of the Philippine Islands, have
been profoundly affected by the
decision of the Paris peace com
mission. It is a little singular that,
while the disposition of the islands has
been thoroughly discussed from the
point of view of the Americans, the
English, the Germans and the Japan
ese, the Filipino has hardly been con
sulted as to his desires and inclinations
regarding the future. Ramon Reyes
Lala, a native of the Philippine Isel
ands, educated in England and now
temporarily a resident of the United
States, who is thoroughly familiar with
the conditions in the Philippines, ap
pears as the champion of his people,
and in the following article he makes
some exceedingly valuable suggestions
for the future government of the Phil
ippines, showing vividly the needs and
hops of his countrymen:
There has been not a little curiosity
shown by the American public as to
the future of the Filipino, and not a
few wiseacres have croaked most dole
fully about his worth as a citizen. I
therefore wish to show that my coun
trymen are not as black as they have
been painted and that there is enough
stamina in the race to warrant cultiva
tion and a high citizenship.
True, we have no world genius to
show you, we have no grand literature,
no distinct national art — but there are,
I think, enough evidences of our capac
ity for these things to cause Americans
to give us a genuine Yankee welcome.
For opportunity to prove ourselves,
our manhood, our talents and our hopes
is all that we feel entitled to. Let the
American people help us to a realiza
tion of this long-desired opportunity,
and they will win our eternal gratitude.
We have, I repeat, already given evi
dence of a capacity for civic functions.
Though living amid the most discour
aging conditions and under the most
oppressive government in the civilized
world, my countrymen have ever
proved tractable and law-abiding,
where the law was based upon equity
and right. Nay. they have done more
than this.
But it is not upon this capacity to re
ister of Justice, Count Sedlnitzky or
dered the villa to be searched. En
graver's tools, magnifying glasses, inks
and brushes were discovered in abund
ance. The aged knight and his wife
were arrested forthwith.
A few days after their imprisonment
a confession was wrung from the man
while his wife acknowledged her com
plicity. On March 10, 1894, judgment
was passed. The culprits were con
demned to loss of nobility and to life
imprisonment. The clemency of Em
peror Franz Josef prevented the lat
ter part of the sentence by commuting
it to eight years' imprisonment for Boor
and two years for his wife.
As the jailer was taking his prisoner
to his future home Yon Boor heard a
shrill cry of agony. He turned and he
saw his wife pass him robed In the con
vict garb. That heart-broken cry was
the last sound the nobleman ever heard
of the outside world. On December 2
of this year death commuted his term.
It is surmised that this genius coun
terfeited notes to the amount of nine
or ten millions of gulden, although he
confessed to a much smaller amount.
Only his last issues were discovered,
for his first work was so perfect as to
be undistinguishable from the genuine.
For the criminologist this talented
nobleman is a subject almost without
a peer. Charitable he was and honest
in everything but the one that caused
his downfall.
TRIAL OF A
GYPSY EMPEROR
The Assize Court of Coepenich. a
suburb of Berlin, has just had before it
a somewhat original case in which two
bands of gypsies were concerned.
Some time ago these two bands were
encamped at Neu-Weisensee. At the
head of one was a chief named Trutt
mann. The other owed obedience to a
leader named Wotasch, who assumed
the title of "Emperor of the Gypsies."
As a sign of his rank he always wore
a silver sword.
His daughter, Margaret Wotasch. a
celebrated Romany beauty, fell in love
with the son of Truttmann. The fath
ers of the happy pair were not averse
to the match. Wotasch, however, was
not blind to the weaknesses of his fu
ture son-in-law, and entered into a
contract with the latter's father, in
which it was laid down that if Trutt
mann Jr. should s\yindle or rob him, he
would be entitled to take his daughter
back and receive an indemnity for the
costs of the marriage.
In this the Gypsy Emperor proved his
wisdom. Three weeks after the mar
riage his ungrateful son-in-law relieved
him of six horses, which he sold at the
nearest horse fair, and followed up this
crime by further indelicacies of a like
nature. Wotasch called together a
gypsy court, which met in the forest
near Weissensee, and debated the af
fair. After much discussion the err
ing son-in-law was ordered to restore
his wife to his indignant father-in-law
and to pay the expenses of the mar
riage. As these amounted to 3600
marks, it is clear the Gyr>sy Emperor
did things in fine style. The festivities.
it was stated, had lasted a full week,
and were conducted on a scale of lavish
hospitality.
In how far the decision of the gypsy
tribunal was given impartially is the
question that has occupied the more
regular tribunals of the German Em
peror. The husband pretends that the
silver saber of his father-in-law, aided
by the sturdy fists of his followers, had
had an unfortunate effect on the sense
of justice of the gypsy judges. One
thing is certain, and that is that the
followers of both chiefs since the ludg
ment was given have been on a war
footing.
The "Emperor" Wotasch and his
War Minister appeared before the
court in gorgeous costume, with golden
spurs and an abundance of lace em
broidery on their garments. Wotasch
was put upon oath, and raised his right
hand to swear when by some accident,
as he averred, it came in violent con
tact with the head of his enemy. who
promptly measured his length on the
floor of the court.
Fortunately for him this last exploit
was the only one that could be proved
against him, and he and his "Minister
of War" escaped with a small fine. —
Lokal Anaeiger.
frain from bloodshed in times of great
provocation that I would base the right
of my countrymen to citizenship. I
claim that we have shown for genera
tions — ever since the Spanish occupa
tion, and even long before — the capa
city, to govern ourselves, for the most
of the gobernadocillos or governors of
townships, and n.any of the provincial
governors, have been native Filipinos.
As the township, under an American
regime, would also be the unit of gov
ernment, it follows that the same ad
ministrative talents that have made the
Filipino communities models of domes
tic peace hitherto will keep them the
same.
Aguinaldn, though young for such a
position, has surely shown remarkable
ability, and would, I believe, always
handle himself with discretion. Agon
cillo is another man who has shown an
uncommon talent for affairs — while
Cayetano S. Arellano, the eminent Ma
nila Jurist, is in my mind as capable as
any American whom it has yet been my
fortune to meet. This man is a pro
found lawyer, and is of untarnished
reputation. He is widely traveled and
conversant with the history of other
countries as well as with every detail
of the life of his own. He should be
put at the head of the Supreme Court
of the islands, if the United States de
cide to assume the task of governing
them, for no other man so well knows
the intricate Spanish laws, the customs
and the character of the people.
I have merely made mention of these
names to prove that a few of us at
least are ready for even the duties of
American citizenship — high as these are
—and I do not underrate them when I
say this. Indeed, we can show not a
few others who would rank on the same
intellectual plane with the gentlemen
mentioned above— and there is no rea
son why, in the course of a genera
tion, there should not be thousands
where now there are srorpp. It will
cause some surprise when I state that
no subject possesses greater interest to
the Filipino mind than civics and law.
There are to-day already more than
1000 Filipinos who are full-fledged law
yers — graduates of the University of
Manila, and some of them of the best
schools in Europe. The average native
also is much interested in the affairs
of his village, and there is usually as
much desire among them to hold pub
Continued on Page Thirty-Two.
2122
Greatest Attempt Ever Made
At Prison Reform
France .Has dust Started a Large insti
tution on an Entraiy .New Line,
/TT~\ HE greatest attempt at prison
I reform ever made in the his-
I • tory of trie world has jiisl been
■ I started by the, agency ;of the
new penal institution at Fres
nf>s, ETrance.
Briefly; the work expected to be ac
pllsihed here Is to prevent prison
ers, by keeping them Isolated, from
contaminating on« another.
The- mosi prominent students of pe
nolnjry have generally, agreed .that the
average modern prison is' simply a
school for crime. , Incarcerate a young
man who has foolishly, perhaps un
knc.vingly. made the serious mistake
of breaking the law, and after a year
lie will pome out a cdnhrmed criminal
tHrpush: association with the hardened
oj'-ii- confined >vith him.
P> to prevent this that the prison
*rpPn«^s has been start* d. The plan :
>i-t'a'n!y a unique one, but what the
ilts v.ill lje can onls be U>l<\ after
a trial ■>:' at least a year. Certain it is
thai if a man does [reform hei c he
cln br»il hv;in?e lie wishes to be. In- i
duccrr.ciits lo be good surround the
now' piiron. but no attempt is to l) 1
iriadr to force a prisoner to be "good."
He einipiy itak^s his choice ami it is
certainly philosophical to conclude that
Isa'jrnnr!' ::ot "thoroughly bad will take
advantage of them". "* Certaln'Jt is that
a* man wiil not -como out worse than
• 'when ho went in. -V", - j
in the new prison are to be
' r.v.ich shorter than uiidsr the«.o|ld sys-'
_, ;-fr<em; because the punishe;nent in a way'
'; is jr.ore Fc-vere, if the ilprit wishes to !
• make [t. so. A man with a good. ]
hc.:lthy mind could paps a year in the .
•' r.cw jiriifcin and noi be any the worse j
. for it. T 1 l; t to an idle vagabond the!
•.same punit'liment would prove most
•"fsvero
■". Here again is displayed the philoso
phy of the prison directors who hold
that If a man is not thoroughly bad,
but has only made a mistake, he does
rot deserve to be severely punished, j
.' T the other the more severe the pun- j
. Ishment the better, because it will de- I
, ter him from committing: crime and j
• going back again after his discharge.
To accomplish the desired results
the French Government h;is spent sev
eral million francs. The new prison is
like a big hotel than a penal In
stitution, it has room for 1000 pris
oners and each cenvlet is to have a
Evory cell is on the
ground floor and there is a small ex
d attach* (l to ea< h one. Sun
ligbl from a high «;- \>w comes Into
every cell. The ceils are furnished with
Of iron, a t;ii>
. shelf, stationary tvashstand and
other . ;, . lectric
light In '-very cell and :>. man rises and
t" b d at any time he pleases. In
a prisoner is left to do as he
pleas< to have liberty and com
panionship.
It might be thought that such a
prison would prove more of an induce
ment to crime than otherwise, but the
authorities think not. There will be
no cares of old cronies in crime sitting
and smoking together and possibly
plotting what they will do when they
are discharged.
?:ach prisoner .11 live in solitude
from the day he rs the prison until
he !»Rv«f. He -an speak only to the
guard who brings his m-als, but re
bates are big an if he behaves him
self ho ran cut his sentence down at
lerist hnlf.
This wonderful new prison is situat
ed in the Renard Valley, seven miles
from Paris.
The entrance of the prison?-, is upon
NEW ELECTRIC LIGHT BATH
THAT IS JUST COME TO TOWN
THE electric light bath is the lat
est adjunct to be taken up by
medical science. For several
months physician? in Europe and
the Eastern cities have been
using them with marked success.
The first apparatus arrived in Han
Francisco a short time <ago.
NEW ELECTRIC LIGHT BATH IN OPERATION.
the national road. An avenue bor
dered with trees leads to the main en
trance, which In no respect resembles
that of th-^ old prisons. The walls are
of tufa, rough-coated with rose-colored
cement. ,
Th"re are several buildings, the
principal pnea being a group Including,
in addition to the general services
(such :is kitchen, bakery. laundry und
food storehouses, common to the entire
group of structures), cell buildings for
Cut of Redwood, 15x4 Feet, Sent From Vance's Wood, Humboldt County, to London, England,
From a Photog'aph.
tin- short-term prisoners and
quarters capable of containing 400
beds. There will also be a genuine hos
pital, with separate cells and ■
gion wards. This is one <>f the finest
hospital building in Prance and sick
prisoners will get the best attention.
Let us imagine that we mi-.- to be
immured for a few months in this
From the day nf its arrival it created
a big stir by its remarkable work, so
that other machines were quickly or
dered and are now scattered abmt town
in the offices of different physicians.
What is the electric light bath?
Briefly, it consists of a cabinet filled
J with incandescent electric lights. The
THE SAIN ffBAH CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
I prison, and let us see how a person is
j received here.
As soon as the heavy iron barred
dour closes upon the prisoner he is
1 led to a waiting room, a sort of cage,
I whence he passes to a hall of inquiry
■ and mensuration. Note Is here taken,
also, of his physical condition. After
these preliminaries, he is taken to the
; barber shop. The barber of the estab
lishment cut? the hair of the prisoners
, and shaves them at thp rate of forty an
hour. In the searching room the eon
vii t is relieved of every object that he
possesses, and after being stripped as
naked as a yew-born babe. Is covered
with soft soap and submitted to a
shower bath, which clean? him as thnr-
oughly as it is n tssible. During this
indispensable operation, the civil cloth
ing nf the convict is sent down through
a tube to th<- disinfecting stove. Ujwm
leaving the bath hall the prisoner,
shaved, crop'n ■!. combed, scoured and
clad in nrieon garb, i:- taken ;>> the cell
tv which he has been assigned.
: ! i: < li the prisoner's future
patient sits in among them and absorbs
the light, heat and electricity, and in
this was many deep seated diseases art'
reached. It is claimed th;'t the effect
of the electric light rays are of great
er benefit than the sun's rays, and that
sick people quickly recov ■:• under the
radiant warmth.
At one time the electric light bath
promised to become a Cad In New Fork.
.Many women got into the habit of tak
ing a daily exposure, and could no! !>•>
in>l!]i"(] tn stop until it became only too
appareni to some of them that they
were rapidly inline: in weight
< »f the actual benefit or" the electric
light bath there is still a big difference
nf opinion. Many physicians claim that
it is ;iil bosh, and that the only bene
fit derived is from the neat and a little
]>s\ chic effect.
The advocates of the treatment point
to numerous "cures" and als<> the indis
putable fact that those who subject
themselves to the baths are sure to
lose in weight. The treatment is said
to be absolutely harmless, no matter
••\h..t the patient's condition.
Be all this as it may, there is no
denying the fact that a man feels dif
ferent after an electric light bath than
he ever felt before In his life. The dry
heat that permeates the body is not
possible and practicable by any other
means. Water heated to the same tem
perature as the interior ol the cabinet
is while ,i patient is being treated would
instantly scald off all the skin, it is
only reasonable to suppose that such
an atmosphere must have a strong ab-
BOrbative quality and should draw
some, if not all. impurities out of the
body.
"It won't hurt you at ail," said the
physician in charge of one of these elec
tric light baths, "and it may do you a
great deal of good. If there is any
diseased part In your body it will be
located in a very few moments after
you get into the cabinet. That spot
will feel a little warmer than the rest
of you l- body."
The apparatus in front of me looked a
good deal like one of the old fashioned
wardrobes that stood in our grand
mother's room. There was a good deal
of carved, polished woodwork, a good
deal of glass and a little brass finish.
"How do I get it?" I asked.
"I'll show you," answered the doc
tor. '"Just tbtoe off your clothes and
put on this thin linen gown."'
I did as requested. The doctor then
opened one side of the cabinet and
pointed to a chair on the Inside.
Whan I was seated he put * screen
with a hole In it, to let my head go
through, over my shoulder?. This
touphed all four sides of the cabinet and
was in reality a sort of diaphragm, in
tended to separate two different tem
peratures.
I'm to this moment the cabinet was
almost in darkness and felt a little cold.
When the doctor closed the door and I
heard the lock "click" it felt colder
I depends on himself. He has every ne
cessity of life and bodily comfort. But
there is no one to talk to. Before him
some simple work is laid out. He can
do it or leave it. Experience ' has
, shown that men in solitary confinement
i are generally glad to do anything to
i vary the c- rlasting monotony. Sh.uld
i tl c prisoner do the work within a cer
j tain allotted time he is permitted to
! obtain books from the prison library. If
; he conducts himself to puit the direc
: tors of the prison he is_glven a little to
bacco and other luxuries and hip sen
tence is also cut down in accordance.
The better the prisoner behaves the
better is he treated and the sooner he
gets out.
Exercise is also an indulgence to be
gained by good behavior., T"nder the
regulations each prisoner is permitted
one hour in the little plat in front of his
tight iron door, but this may be in
creased if the convict so desires.
The school chapel, which is arranged
like an amphitheater, contains 250 cells
placed side by side in pairs, and in such
a way that the convicts cannot see
: each other either in entering or leaving,
ar:d are able to perceive only the keeper
ior the instructor. The punishment cell
j has wii 3 like those of a stable.
I Things are so arranged that the tem
porary occupant may receive more or
• • ss light or be Immersed in complete
: darknep* according to his behavior.
The walla of this cell are covered with
graj paint and the sole furniture that
it contains ' a'^amp col Bealed to the
j floor. <
* Since the convicts are not allowed to(
'hold any communication with one an-/
)other, under any pretext whatever, the
has provided isolated^
!,< hambers for those who are selected for(
'kitchen drudg. ry. preparing vegetables)
ior washing dishes.
3 Penologists the world over have*
• ii.'.-n watching the progress of thlsi
novel prison, and the results will be,
awaited by all who have any
Jinterest in the betterment of the crimi- 1
*»nal classes. <
and I began to wonder how 1 could get
out.
But at that/moment there was a sud
den glare all around me. It was so
bright and startling it seemed to me for
an instant that there had been an ex
plosion. I soon recovered from this ef
fect and looked about me. There were
hundreds of electric lights fixed U> the
walls of the cabinet and just in front
•if me was a mirror bo arranged that it
reflected them all over again.
After a moment they all began to
swim around and I felt a dizzy feeling
creep over me. Then T began to get
warm, and it was such a delightful
warmth. Not the moist, clammy heat
of a summer day. but just the warmth
of the electric light bath. There is
nothing like ii. It permeated every part
of my body. My hands were warm and
dry. but I felt no impression when I
put them onto the iron arm of the chair.
A perfect equilibrium was established.
I. felt as if I could stay in the cabi
net forever. I seemed to be swaying
back and forth. The electric lights got
brighter and brighter and I was per
fectly happy.
Then the lights went out and the
doctor opened the door. I stemi^d out,
and, strange to say. felt no sensation
of co'<i. This was, of course, due to the
fact that my skin was perfectly dry.
Then T put on my -clothes and went
out feeling as if I were walking. on air.
. » .
The icebergs of the two hemispheres
are entirely different in shape. The
Arctic bergs are irregular in form, with
lofty pinnacles and glittering domes,
while the Antarctic bergs are flat
topped and pnljri looking.
; If lakes have no overflow to the sea
the water always becomes salty, partic
ularly if there is small rainfall and
much evaporation. The Caspian Sea is
-properly a salt lak-e. So Is the Dead
Sea. There are several lakes of consid
erable | size in Canada . which have no
visible inlets, being ted entirely from
subterranean sources. \ '
: The first attempt at scientific fore
casting of the weather was the result of
a storm which, during the Crimean
war, November 4. 1854. almost destroyed
the fleets of France and England. As a
great storm hail raged several days
earlier in France, Valiant, the French
Minister, of War. directed that investi
gations ,be made to see if the two
Btorms were the same, and if the prog
ress of the: disturbances could have
been foretold. It was then demonstrat
ed that the .two were in reality one
storm, and that its path could" have
been ascertained and the fleet fore
warned in a,mple time to reach safety. ,
Millionaire Astor Explains
About His Famous Redwood
WILLIAM WALDORF AS
TOR is going about London
with fire in his eye.
All of his attorneys have
been called in consultation, and he has
decided to make an example of a news
paper, some newspaper, any old news
paper.
And it Is all on account of a piece of
our California redwood tree.
How could a piece of California red
wood make a member of the aristo
cratic house of Actor mad? Ah, that's
it. And thereby hangs a tale.
Mr. Astor Is not at all particular as to
which paper he makes an example of,
but the tn üble is that he will have to
decide before his attorneys can get to
work. And then it will be shifted oft
from one paper to another until it
b t<< the one that fust published
the item that went the rounds of the
WHAT FOREIGN MISSIONS ARE DOING
ACCORDIG TO PRESIDENT MOON
3r~a-vHE Gospel "is the power of C,<«\ '
3 unto salvation to every one that
3 believeth." To the church the
3 J_ Savior said, "Go ye into all the :
3 world, and preach the Gospel to i
•every creature." "And 10, I am with
you alway, even unto the end of the
world." The promise of his presence is
on condition that his people engage in
the work of carrying nut the commis- ;
sion.
So long as more than half the people
of the world have never heard the i
Gospel, the church cannot be excused
! for inactivity. Nor can it expect to re- '
tain the presence of Christ and spiritual
power while it goes on in neglect of the
commission conferred on it by the head
Of the church. Never before in the his
tory of the world were conditions so
favorable to the preaching of the Gos
pel to every creature as now. Turn al
most where you will — to continent, na- |
tion or island — the gates are open, and \
the truth may be given to the millions !
of earth's inhabitants. It is little won- j
der that the church is shorn of its
power, when under these circumstances
nine-tenths of all the contributions for
foreign missions are given by one-tenth
of the church membership, and, fur- .
ther, the members of the evangelical
churches in the I'nited States contrib
ute for the conversion of a thousand
million heathens less than one penny
a week each, and 98 per cent of all the
contributions of the church for relig- I
ious purposes is spent at home, and j
only 2 per cent is devoted to the foreign ;
mission field.
It is estimated that if evangelical ;
church members would devote a tithe \
of their increase of wealth to the work
of foreign missions it would amount to
the sum of $4,347,900 annually, whereas I
the contributions to foreign work I
amount to less than one-thirty-second !
of one per cent on the valuation of the !
property held by them at the present i
time.
There is no lack of means in the i
hands of the church. If this was con
secrated, the Gospel could be given to
the heathen quickly; but if held, even
to be devoted to the home field, on j
which so much labor has been be
stowed; the church certainly can not !
expect God's approval.
It is evident from such Scriptures as j
Revelation, xiv:6, and Matthew, xxiv:l4, j
that the heathens are to have the j
Gospel. The Lord has waited for the ■
church to use the means he has placed j
within its reach, and it has not as yet
accepted the blessing in store for the
faithful. Will he continue to wait tat
me and for you? or will he find other I
agencies and means to accomplish his i
work? It will be done.
If a man Is lucky he never speaks of
the proverbial luck of fools.
Brought It From California to London
as an Object o? Interest.
j press, and gradually grew to the shnpe
that now offends Mr. Astor.
Mr. Aotor says that he ordered a
block of a monster California redwood
to ornament his grounds at Cliveden.
The commission was given over a year
! ago to a certain shipping firm who pro
; cured the gigantic piece of wood and
i transported it to England. It was one
< of the largest Mocks of redwood ever
I sawed and shipped, and naturally at
tracted considerable attention.
Everybody wanted to know what Mr.
Astor wanted with such a lump of
timber. The captain of the British ship
that was to transport it around the
Horn and across to England was asked,
Whether he intended it as a jok>' on Mr.
Astor cannot he stated, but he told the
reporters that the block was being
Diagran) Showing the Proportion of Heathens to ; the Followers of
' ■■_..■■■■"'■ the Great Religions
r'^lVti^?tt^%£r^& : !^ l^ n &i IT 11 Sf r re r?r
the two lone whitp snunrfs wJ»t U. v ,° are ln the darkness of paganism;
illzed lands 140,000,000 nominal Christfans. ° toward their conversion. In civ-
taken to England to decide a wagef of
$50,000. |Mr. Astor had laid this amount
that he "could find a tree, a cross sec
tion of vtnieh would be large enough to
serve as i dining table for flfty guests.
He waa , 0 w in his bet by bringing a
piece of the tree" to England and in
viting . fr»ty-nine persons to dangle
their legs yith his two under its spa
cious cirele\ ' •
The captain of the ship who carried
the redwoou to England is entirely re
sponsible. ihe.San Francisco papers
printed the sy>ry and gave pictures of,
the immense *ction of tree.
In time the San Francisco papers
reached New "York and thrre the stories
and pictures wire improved upon. , One
picture showed 'ihe block of redwood, as
having arrived at Cliveden with .the
crowd of diners', seated around it—
sorts of noble. foil, from princes to Mr.
Astor." All wfre enjoying themselves.,
and htibibing of sundry^ sparkling;
fluids.- Mr. Astor v?as the Jiost and -was .
pictured aa holding aloft t glass' and'
propoßii toast to California..
Although the pio.ure was printed'
about a year ago. Mi. Astor did not see
it until last -.week.. TJjat's when he got
mad and sent for hjs attorneys and
threatened to do all sorts of thfngs.
As far as 'known hehas really done
only one thing. That vasto take the
following letter to the London 'Times
office and get it inserted: 1
"Editor of the Times— Sir: TWiH yoti:
allow me. to publish in your columns a
Contradiction of the reports that have
bee*n circulated about a rection of Cal
ifornia redwood recently brought to
Cliveden? The section referred to haß
been placed on the ground as an object
of interest, but it has never bsen. in
tended to use it as a dining table, nor
has any bet been made as to the num
ber of persons who could be' seated
around It. The report repeating these
details, and purporting to give an ac
count of a banquet, is a deliberate and
mischievous fabrication. I have given
instructions to my solicitor. Sir George
Lewis, to commence proceedings
against the newspaper which has pub
lished the false statements in ques
tion. Yours faithfully.
"WILLIAM WALDORF ASTOR.
"Cliveden. October 25."
In the meantime the section of tha
noble California tree has been perma
nently located in Mr. Astor's garden,
where thousands have gone to look at
it and marvel at its enormous size.
If there has been any banquet it has
been kept mighty quiet.
The captain of the ship who is re
sponsible for the story that has pained
Mr. Astor is taking a vacation— but
just whore is not known.
Belgium's Gas Bill
The Bolgians are a frugal race. If
you doubt it hero is the proof.
A few days ago the Government re
solved to introduce a uniform standard
of time. In the western part of the
country the clocks were put back twen
ty minutes to conform with the facts.
Every Belgian peasant goes to bed at
9 p. m., if not sooner. Under the new
time style he went to bed at 9 p. m. by
the clock, which was really 9:20 p. m..
old style. Consequently he sat ud
twenty minutes later than before and
got up twenty minutes earlier — that is.
by actual sun time.
But sitting up twenty minutes later
involved a larger consumption of gas
and the nation's gas bill increased
$1,000,000 annually, to the great delieht
lof the gas companies, which had se
cretly lobbied for the new time stand
ard. The peasant soon found but that
I the time standard raised his gas bill.
He could not change his hour of going
to bed, because that was a family
habit that had been in force for gener
ations, so he began to agitate for the
repeal of the new system.
It was BhoWn during the campaign
that the new plan cost $1,000,000 in gas
annually and had no sense or meaning
in it whatever. There was never any
doubt as to its fate after the frugal
peasant went on the warpath for Its
scalp, and it has been repealed.Special to The Sunday Call.
OIK new islands in the West In
dies furnish one opportunity for
Yankee speculative genius that
has been curiously overlooked.
On the submerged rocks and
;.-; • fs and in the dangerous pas
■:!itfages around Cuba and Porto Rico lie
Id wealth — millions of dollars in
I coin, silver burs and jewels. In
v.Jth'e p;:st Spain's rapacious rule has pre
ivvvented the recovery of much of this
although several men have
made millionaires by the findings
. of div> -rs in Cuban waters.
.-..'.During the early years of Spain's
•■'rule In the New World hundreds of gal
'.Jeona Bailed yearly from Mexico and the
.'. shor- - nh America for Spain,
/.'■stopping at the ports of Cuba and pass
.; ins out into the Atlantic through the
Windward Passage. For more than a
ury there was a dose rivalry be
the buccaneers and the hurri
s to see which could sink the
ter number of those treasure fleets.
In many cases the location of the
wrecks is now definitely known, while
in many other the records at Madrid
■ and at Havana show the location only
approximately. West Indian waters
.outside of the harbors are exceedingly
that it is oftentimes possible
./-to see to the depth of eighteen or
;. -twenty feet, making it easy for divers
t" make the necessary exploration. In
. with some of the recently in
vented submarine boats, puch a boat,
for instance, as Simon Lake's Argo
. naut, which crawls on the bottom of
the sea, it would be a comparatively
task t<> prowl around on the bot
tom of the sea and discover these old
•Wrecks and loot them of their gold.
Lost $1,000,000 Every Year.
A little research into the musty re
cords of Madrid show that during th»
early part of the seventeenth century
aver thirty, million dollars' worth of
silver alone was shipped to Spain.
ing the latter part of the seven
th century one mine, the Valen
f < 'ruanazuato. employ
uid the company owning it lost
■ ■$!;.. i;v V i"i i every year by pirates and ac
•..■■i/lfiit.s at S'-a without In the least im
. -jiynring its credit in European markets.
■-^li'.ist of normous losses strew
.. O>e oee;m bottom around the \\ ■
■ 'Mian- islands. A careful Bearch of old
rds would reveal the ap
cimate location of scores of th«
wrecks, so that they could be
•: Visited with very little difficulty.
THE CALL'S HOME COMPARED WITH THE TALLEST STRUCTURES IN THE WORLD.
Tallest Modern
Office Building
Height. 390 feet; number of
"■ stories, 29; depth of foundations.
54 feet; height from bottom of
, foundations t>> top of flagpole.
feet; number of offices. 950;
estimated number of occupants.
4000; number of windows,
• total weight, tons; cost
$2,400,000.
; : :./ ¥ LTHOUGH New York city did not
—■ l\ undertake the construction of
' J-\ lofty office buildings until they
.• \'JL' JL had. become a familiar feature in
. '■•'. • the architecture of some Western
■■ci'tit?s, it has run them up in such num
. -tuTs and to such unprecedented heights
\.:Jri. the last ten years that they have
,' now-become the most characteristic and
'.. obtrusive feature of its architecture.
. • Towering hi.«h above the tallest of
'• these- great "structures is the vast bulk
.- 'of the Park Row building, which lifts
• .'its- twin to\v6rH'29o feet into midair and
V.-': unfurls its twq flags over the city at
• a height of 447 feet above the sidewalk.
." ' As regards the engineering and archi
tectural problems presented, it must be
confessed ] that the first hay* been
easier of soluti .11 than the second. It
•Is a .simple matter to pile story upon
"story and so proportion columns and
girders to'load/; thai the structure shall
•. .possess eteroal stability, but it is an
aUogether different problem for the
: : ;• Architect to cL-the the "skeleton" with
. \ a. mantle of stone and glass that shall
';• appear diversified, yet dignified and ap
■.--•; prop.riate. : ;
....'•'The Park Bow building is.conslder
■■abb' the tallest -commercial, building in
'•'•.■• the .world* ■
v • . The sketch, which is drawn strlctly
' ;.to scale,, shows the relative height
■••' above ground level of several notable
.'.-. HtrutHures in this country compared
••'with that fay rite reference scale for
■ 'height a.id bulk— the great Pyramid of
\ Egypt. It will be seen that, while the
Park Row building greatly exceeds the
. W«rld building, the dome of the Capi
■'• tol at 'Washington and the Hpire of
Trinity Church, New York, it requires
MILLIONS OF
TREASURE
NEAR
CUBA
My researches have been limited to
Fuch ancient Spanish records as may
be found in America, and from these
alone — and their number compares with
the immense libraries of such works in
Madrid as a drop to a stream — I have
unearthed the stories of more than a
"f vessels and fleets, the wrecks
of which now lie in American waters.
Fleet of Treasure Wrecks.
Bast of the Isle of Pines are the
Gardinillos, or famous Jardine rocks,
where lies a whole fleet of good ships.
It was here that the daring buccaneer
captain, liarthelome Portugues, lost
th.- richest prize he ever took in his
adventurous career, and it lies there
to-day, awaiting the lucky submarine
explorer. The account of the wreck
in the old books is most circumstantial.
Harthelome Portugues had fitted out
a small three-pounder vessel at Golfo
Triste, on the Gulf of Campeachy, and
with a crew of thirty men he had cap
tured a treasure galleon bound from
Carthagena to Havana. It was a lucky
adventure. The inventory of the ship's
goods showed over a hundred thousand
dollars' worth of gold and silver bul
lion, with as much more in coin. Por
tugues set his sails for Tortuga. but as
they were passing Cape Corrientos
three swift sailing guard vessels from
New Pnain swept down upon the ship
and captured him and the entire crew,
and took them in irons to San Fran
cisco in Campeachy. The old account
tells how Portugues escaped that night,
and after an almost incredible journ> y
through the swamps, secured a canoe
from a friend, enlisted thirty men and
actually recovered the ship that had
been taken from him. Then he sailed
away again for Tortuga, that island of
blood and spoil.
Off the Isle of Pines a hurricane
brought down vengeance upon him and
carried him irresistibly on the Jardine
rocks, and the galleon with all its
treasure went down. Some of the
hardy buccaneers escaped in a small
boat to tell the story, but the gold and
silver bullion for which they risked so
much is still heaped in some hollow .if
that rock-bound bed of the sea. This
treasure would pay richly for the re
covery-
Fifteen Tons of Silver Bars.
Another account of sunken treasure
is tcld as a musty joke in a musty
tome. In 1650 three canoes, manned by
fifteen buccaneers, each crept around
the western end of Cuba and came sud
denly upon one of his Majesty's treas
ure ships, bound from Caracas t<> Ha
vana. They swarmed over the side of
the great vessel like so many rats, and
threw every Spaniard overboard. The
uncouth victors ransacked the vessel
for booty, but to their disgust, found
only a small quantity of wine in th^
officers' quarters, and in the hold a
all of its fifty-seven feet of flagstaff to
bring its highest point within three feet
of the top of the pyramid. Omitting the
pyramid, however, it is conspicuously
the tallest inhabited building in the
world, for, while the cornice of the
American Surety building is ?,Yi feet
above the level of the street, the Boor
of the restaurant at the top of the Park
Row building will be 308 feet above the
; . while the floor of the topmost
offices in the towers (fine, well-lighted
rooms twenty-four feet in diameter)
will be 340 feet above the same level.
The main part of the building will have
twenty-five stories, while the Park row
front will be twenty-seven stories high,
the space between the two towers being
occupied by a kitchen for use in con
nection with a restaurant below it,
which will occupy the full width of the
building. The cornice of this front is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SONDAT, JANUARY 15. 1899.
BIIRIJED-
AN Eft '"
fty THE ;
:::l-'"" ""::::::■: JW ■dm..:-;:::::™: ".::.;:::::•■■ — '•::::^v--v-
Til
■ feiP^O^rEßPßisE:
lot of grayish metal, which some wise
acre on board decided to be tin ore, and
not wishing their newly acquired ves
sel to be laden with such trash, the
leader ordered it to be thrown over
board, and there it lies to this day, not
far from the Colorado banks, not less
than fifteen tons of fine silver bars.
Phipps' Enormous Fortune.
Sir William Phipps, a baronet of New
England, who was once Governor of
Massachusetts, enriched his ancestral
1336 feet abo.e the sidewalk, while the
i top of the cupola on the towers is 390
I feet above the same level. The flag pole
truck is fifty-seven feet above the
cupola, while the feet of the piles are
fifty-four feet below the street level;
hence the total height of the building
! from shoe of piling to truck of Hag pole
I is over 500 feet.
Although tli building admits of com-
I parison in respect of height with the
j pyramid when we come to the question
of volume and weight our nineteenth
century effort sinks into positive insig
nificance. The pyramid, in its present
mutilated condition, has a base n
about 450 feet. Its present volume is
estimated at about 82,000,000 cubic feet,
and its weight at 6,316,000 tons. The
Park Row building has a volume of
' 3,906,580 cubic feet and a total dead
i weight of 20,000 tons, so that the ancient
house and left his descendants among
the wealthiest in New England by
sharing the secret of a smuggler, who
saw a plate fleet go down in a storm,
about half way between the nearest
points of Cuba and Hayti. "Phipps' for
tune" has been famous ever since. And
yet it is said that he found only one of
the sunken Bhlps of the fleet containing
not less than thirty-two tons of silver,
with jewels enough to make $2,000,000.
The remainder of the vessels still lie off
the eastern point' of Cuba, and they are
structure has aljout twenty-one times
the volume and over 300 times the
weight of the modern building.
Evidently, in respeci of the bulk and
wight of our buildings we cannot i"in
pete with the ancients, and as the
pyramid is no longer a popular form
df mausoleum, it is not likely that we
shall ever attempt to.
it is a curious fact, which will come
as a surprise to many of "ur readers,
that, for all its great size and mass,
this building is no heavier than the
latest ocean liner the Kaiser Wllhelm
dpr CJrosse. The building contains about
8000 tons of steel and 12,000 tons of other
material, chiefly brick and terra cotta.
making a total weight for the building
Of 20,000 tons. The Kaiser Wllholm
displaces 20,000 tons of water, and
therefore equals the towering "sky
scraper" in weighi. The extreme length
estimated to contain many millions of
dollars.
Millions in Bullion.
Another treasure wreck is the center
of. a most romantic and thrilling story
of crime. In the year 1717 Charles
Vane, a notorious pirate of the West
Indies, captured about $80,000 in pieces
of eight that were being taken by div
ers from one of five plate ships that had
gone down in a storm just east of Key
W'.-st. The silver bars, as they were
' of the liner is 649 feet, measured on
deck, so ihat she exceeds the greatest
dimensions of the building' by 14S feet.
The total cost of the building was $2,
--400,000. and that of the ship probably
$1,000,000, or even $1,500,000 more, the
greater coat of the ship being: due
chiefly to the greater power and weight
of machinery, of which about 27,000
horsepower is in the ship, as against
1000 horsepower in the building;. Brick
and terra cotta, moreover, are cheaper
materials than ship frames and plating.
This extraordinary building, with its
modest frontage of 104 feet on Park
row and of 20 feet and 4S feet on a side
street and an alley, will accommodate
the floating population of a fair-sized
country town. That this is no exag
geration the following figures will show.
There are in the whole building 950
separate offices. As most of these are
brought to the surface by divers, were
stored in a little fort on the mainland
to await the Guardacosta, which was
carrying: the treasure in installments to
Havana. Vane learned of this and made
a sudden descent upon the fort, cap
tured the treasure, rowed out to the
vessel where the divers were at work,
captured the ship and sailed away,
leaving the destitute crew and divers
marooned on the barren key. The plate
fleet of flvil galleons, on which these
divers were working:, was carrying $4.
--000,000 in bullion when it was wrecked,
and less than a fourth was recovered
and captured by Vane. The old rec
ords estimate that $3,000,000 still re
mains in the sea at this point.
Treasure Galleons.
Another circumstantial but incom
plete report tells of the wreck of sev
eral treasure galleons in the Gulf of
Florida in 1676. Of this treasure eight
million dollars in pieces of eight were
recovered and carried to Havana. Fifty
thousand more after being stored on
the shore were captured by the famous
Captain Jennings, who had hastily
equipped three sloops in Jamaica. After
this assault the Spaniards abandoned
all further work on the sunken gal
leons and lost all knowledge of their
exact location. There is no question
that a little exploration here will re
veal this sunken fleet, which still con
tains, according to the old records, sev
eral million dollars in gold and silver.
Another Rich Wreck
Somewhere a few miles southwest of
the Isle of Pines there is a princely
fortune in diamonds and gold await
ing the hunter who will travel the bot
tom of the Caribbean Sea and cast a
searchlight carefully over the hulls of
sunken treasure ships. It is the re
mains of a Spanish ship in the royal
service, whose commander, Don Sebas
tian Jeminez, touched at Santiago de
Cuba in 1560, on his way to Spain. He
was carrying the "king's fifth" from
the silver mines of Guanacaboa,
amounting to nearly twelve tons of
good silver bars and unknown but im
mense quantities of personal treasure
shipped by homegoing merchants.
Upon sailing from Santiago he was
caught in a terrific tempest which tore
the ship from its anchor and drove it
upon the rocks within sight of the ob
servers on the bluffs at Santiago. No
vestige of ship or crew was ever seen
again. The galleon probably lies not
far from the recent naval battle
ground between the Spanish and
American fleets, and it offers a princely
lure for the bold submariner who will
conduct a patient search.
Richest Treasure Ship.
Another, and probably the richest of
all treasure ships lost in the West In
dies, was wrecked in 1679. A notable
of generous proportions, a fair estimate
of their capacity would be an average
of four people to each office. Now, it is
reasonable to assume that there will be
at any given hour <>f the day an aver-
I age of one visitor in tba buildine mi
business for each person employed. This
would m;ikt> ;i total number ■>! perßOns
in the building at any period of the day
8000. If we assume that on an average
five persons would call at each ofhVe
during the day for each person em
ployed we get a total of about 25,000
souls making use of the building in the
course of every working day of the
year.
While the home of The Call is not so
high as the new Park Row structure
it has many points 'about its construc
tion that make it the most unique
building in the world. The top of the
dome rises to a height of 315 feet and
company of officials, ecclesiastics and
citizens of New Spain were on board,
bound for Spain, at the invitation of
the King. They carried the most costly
personal possessions. The record tells
of diamond crosses of enormous value
and presents that were to win the fa
vor of the great King of Spain, besides
many tons of silver bullion, which was
actually used as ballast. But many
times richer than all these were the
bars of gold which most of the officials
were carrying with them back to
Spain, in the hopes of living the rest
of their days in distinguished opulence.
One of the ladies, Dona Inez Escobedo,
was taking with her an Indian slave
as a present for her brother, who was
governor of one of the Canary Islands.
The few negro slaves on board were
servile enough, but the Indian, whose
name the records do not give, was un
manageable and grew more obstinate
at every punishment.
One morning, when the ship was a
few leagues southeast of the Isle of
Pines, the captain was horrified to find
that water was pouring into the hold.
He was about to descend through the
hatchway to discover the cause, when
the warning voice of the Indian de
clared that the first man to appear
through the opening would be shot.
Immediately thowe who gathered about
heard the blows of a hatchet upon the
bottom of the vessel. The horrible
truth then dawned upon them that the
untamable Indian intended to escape
slavery by wrecking the ship with ail
on board. They threw down a negro
slave, believing that his body would re
ceive the fire of the Indian, but every
thing above the hatches was plainly
visible from the darkness below and
the negro lay where he fell, stupefied
with fear, while the blows of the
hatchet rained faster than ever, and
the roar of the water constantly in
creased in volume. At last an old of
ficer, Jose Nunez, sprang suddenly
through the opening into the hold,
waist-deep in water, and charged upon
the Indian, sword in hand. He was
followed by half a dozen others. They
splashed around and finally found the
Indian under a beam, beneath the
water, where he had crawled and
drowned himself. The most frantic ef
forts were made to stop the leak, but
the ship sank, and it was with diffi
culty that even one boatload of the
passengers was able to escape.
Numerous attempts were made by the
Spaniards to recover the treasure from
this ship, but divers never could find it.
These are only a few of many score
of similar wrecks, the records of which
can be found in the old Spanish re
ports and histories. They will indicate,
in some measure the enormous rich
ness of these hitherto undescribed re
sources of our new possessions.
C. M. STEVANS.
the base of the building is only 70x75
feet. The design of the building is
the most graceful and symmetrical of
any business structure in existence — a
tall, square tower surmounted by a
magnificent dome of carved stone.
■ ♦ ■
Mrs. BlyKins Reported Progress.,
TTie gentleman ta ho had rung the bell
several times before the servant let
him in was looking surprised and. a
trifle apprehensive when Mrs. Blykins
came into the room.
"I called," he explained, "to inquire
about your husband's health. He and I
belong to the same organization, and
several of the members desired me to
call and. see how he is getting along.
AYe were very sorry to hear of his 11U
ness."
"It's very kind of you," she an*
swered.
There was a crash which shook the
chandelier.
She paid no attention to it.
"1 think it will be only a day or two
before he is able to get out and go
down town," she added.
The slamming of doors echoed heavily
through the house.
"Has he been dangerously sick?"
"Not until to-day."
"But I understood you to say that he
was convalescent."
"I think I may say that he is so. He
wasn't well enough 'to be dangerous till
this morning. But before noon he had
discharged the trained nurse, quarreled
with the cook, smashed a rocking chair,
against which he stubbed his toe and
thrown the canary bird out of the win- •
dow. Those are always hopeful symp-.
Toms with him. and I feel fairly justi
fied in saying that he is convalescent."
— Washington Star.
■ ♦ .
Small Johnny had on his best clothes
one Sunday, and his mama told him not'
to play in the dirt with them on.
"Don't they have any dirt in heaven
to play in?" he asked.
"No, of course not," replied his
mother.
"Then what do little boys do up
there?" queried Johnny.
"O, they play harps and sing and sit
under beautiful trees," was the reply.
"Well," said the little fellow, "I don't
see how they can have treeß if there
ain't no dirt." — Houston Daily Post.
Boston father— What is it?
PHilistine nurse — A buy.
Boston father — Bah! I mean an ag
nostic or a positlvlst? — Town Topic*.
2324
THE MYSTERY OF TOKIO
CHAPTER I. -■/. X-
-IT was about 4 o'clock of a wintry afternoon that a well-dressed, mid
dle-aged gentleman entered the Sujlyama Bank in Tokio. wallet in
hand, and taking therefrom a certified check presented it to the cash
ier. The cashier examined the note and nodded, and then proceeded
to count out sixty thousand dollars in paper and other money of vari
ous denominations, which the gentleman tallied and then somewhat
carelpssly placed in his wallet and left the building. Entering a rikisha
• which was evidently waiting for him at the door, he said to the driver,
"Carry me back; quick!" Whereupon the man started on a run with the
vehicle homeward bound. The whole proceedings had been narrowly
watched by a man of slim though graceful build and pale complexion,
whose business about the bank seemed to be unknown, but who continued
to keep an eye upon the rikisha till it disappeared in the distance. Then
this personage also took his departure at a brisk pace and with a preoc
cupied air— indeed, his every action was indicative of deep meditation.
The rikisha man made straight for the Shiba Hotel, and on his arrival
there called out mechanically, "The gentleman has returned," at the-same
. time slowly holding the rikisha downward, so as to permit of the easier
egress of his fare, who left the vehicle with the wallet and its precious
I contents. The gentleman in question was Mr. Hara, manager of the Kobe
■ Trading Company, who had agreed to purchase a stock of merchandise
from the Yokohama Trading Company to the value of fifty-five thousand
dollars, the transaction to be completed at 7 o'clock that Evening— hence
hie hurry. Shortly after his arrival one of the hotel waitresses handed
Mr. Hara a telegram, which had been delivered during his absence, and
which read: "Come at 12 to-morrow. Merchandise iiui completely ar
ranged this evening."
"How vexatious this Is!' exclaimed Mr. Hara as s.->on as he had read
the patch, at the same time eying the wallet with an expression of
annoyance, as much as to say: "Now I am. under the neceasil of stand
ing guard over this money all night."
\ . "What do you wish to order for supper this evening?" asked the maid.
• Mr. Hara gave hi* order and was going to add, "I do not care for" any
sake to-night." had the words not been arrested on his lips by the en
• ticing odor of the fragrant beverage, supplemented by the clinking of
glasses and the interchange of toasts in the adjoining apartments; all of
which had the effect of Emulating his appetite for a liquor he was very
partial to. and so it ended by his ordering sake in answer to the encour
aging prnilp of the waitress.
Now the effect of a bumper of sake is to induce carelessness on the
part of the imbiber thereof, and when this bumper is repeated the care
lessness becomes all the more pronounced, until all precautl even to
the care of money, re forgotten. And so it came to pass that the normal
•wlntr aspect of Mr. Hara gave place to the roseate hue <>f spring and he
presently found himself taikir.g airy nothings even to a servant maid, till
••at last he crept into bori in a state >if utter helplessness. *
A tower clock on Giuza street strikes 12, deepening the night of night.
" All nature Is buried In repose. Winter itself adds to the solitude. A sus
picious figure, costumed in black from head to foot, only relieved by an
•-evil glitter of the eyo. pauses it the door of the apartment wherein -Mr.
. •Hara s presence is only betokened by his stertorous breathing. Slowly
nf! cautiously, inch by inch, the figure op.-ns the door of the apartment
and advances to the center of the floor. Further still the dying lamp is
lowered. Then the black figure approaches the bed on which* the sleeping
merchant is lying. There nre moistened papers in its left hand, a knife
in its right. The critical moment has arrived. No sooner have the moist
ened papers been placed ipon the face than the glittering knife is pene
trating the body of the sleeper. The papers on the face prevent any out
cry on the part of the dying man. the only thing betraying his agony
being the noiseless motion of tht feet and hands beneath the coverlet. At
leneth under the cruel thrusts of the knife the last gasp is heard Mr
Hara lies dead.
The black figure, after finishing Its butchery, looked cautiously over
its garments, as if to ascertain whether there are any blood stains there;
then took from its clothing s. long string, which it attached irely to
the wallet, the latter having been found beneath the pillow. With a "sat
isned smile, but still with a stealthy movement, the figure approacl the
window, which it opened just sufficiently wide to pass the wallet through
"Mew: mew!" was the sound which then issued from the black figure
which signal was promptly responded to by the barking of a dog upon the
ground below. At the same time the wallet was lowered from th*' win
dow by means of the string and w.-.s caught by a well-dressed Individual
who had evidently been waiting for It. At this instant a chill blast of
northern wind extinguished the light in the chamber, the black figure dis
appeared—such was the message from the night, fitting climax to this
barbaric tragedy!
CHAPTER 11.
A well-dressed individual, carrying a wallet, was making his way about
midnight along the Dobashl ditch, when he suddenly heard the" words
"Wait a minute." uttered by somebody behind.
"I don't mean to Interfere with your business." went on the voice
'but as I happen to be in depressed circumstances lust at present T
thought I would ask you to let me have some little share of what you've
got."
"Who in the world are you?" replied the person addressed, turning
with an air of extreme vexation. "Oh— Yone! What are you doing hero
at such an hour as this? You seem to be hard up— well, if that's the case
I'll let you have five dollars."
Yone took the money and immediately threw it on the ground
"What nonsense Is this? " he said In a louder key. "I know all about
the business, as the victim was one of a thousand. I've been all tne after
noon trying hard to snatch the stuff. I think in common fairness I should
have at least one-third of the pot."
"I never knew you were in the secret as deep as all that." replied the
other. "All right, Yone. you shall have it."
So saying he opened the wallet and began fumbling with the money
while Yone came up still closer to inspect the operation. A momentafy
flash lit up the darkness. Then the words. "Oh! you contemptible -
coward to use pistol."
Presently a man came running up to the epot. evidently attracted by
the flash, as no sound had accompanied It. He found nothing but a bleed
. ing body lying on the ground.
"What! Is it you, Yone?" asked the newcomer. "Who shot you? You
■ know who I am— Detective Kato."
V ' "Oh. yes. I know you. Mr. Kato," replied the figure on the ground
:•. '• ".There's nothing surprising in one of our society killing another but
-.that cur Goto .... to use a noiseless pistol .*. . I'll be revenged
• 6n him . . . tell you the whole business Listen, Mr Kato
that fellow that shot. me .... his Mine's Goto . . . you of
.'■ fleers call him .... his nickname. 'Noble' .... yes that fellow
'.- . L . Shiba Hotel upstairs .... oh!" ' Here the re
• cumbent figure gasped and died.
At 2 in the morning the Inmates of the Shiba Hotel were aroused by
■ the messenger boys' cry of "Telegram! Telegram!" No sooner was the
••door opened than some one outside said:
■•. '.."Hush! Keep quiet! We are officers. We <=imply cried "telegram" to
gain admittance quietly. You must lock all the entrances."
'•■ So saying the speaker, who was none other than the famous Detective
■i^ato. accompanied by two officers, passed into the hounc and proceeding
.: upstairs went straight to the room where Mr. Hara slept. Upon entering
. ..the room and lighting the lamp the dark tragedy was discovered which
. -constituted one of the most mysterious Incidents of that day Detective
• .Kato soon noticed two stout ropes extending from the window to the
.■■ground, whereupon the two officers at once declared that that was the wav
"■{.he murderer had escaped. Mr. Kato. however, held to the opinion that
.trie, murderer was still in the house, and under his directions all the rooms
.•-.were searched, without, however, revealing any suspicious indications so
: fa.r..as the search went. Disappointed in this Mr. Kato returned to the
room .-of the murdered mar., and after smelling the papers upon Mr. Hara's
•.-' 'face' *.ook them off and put them in an inside pocket, then left the hotel
"•V' : . •'. '. • CHAPTER 111.
' •'V-\ b ' M J t 11 o'clock on , the following night two rikisha men were waiting
.at -the foot of the Kadan Slope looking tr patronage. Down the slopo
■ rA-mea young gentleman in an overcoat, carrying a heavy looking bamboo
-..•hamper.- When he caught sight of the rikishas he made a bargain with
HOW TO SUCCEED AS AN ARTIST
.William M. Chase, the Famous New York Painter, Recounts His Early
Struggles to Win Fame and his Final Triumph,
From Fifteenth street, facing Livingston place, there is one of the
prettiest views in all New York. To the north are the red brick build
ings of the Religious Society of Friends, and beyond the old stone
Church of St. George. In an imposing old style house commanding this
view lives the famous artist, William M. Chase, and in his drawing
room I talked with him the other day regarding his carry struggles and
his first successful venture.
The walls of the parlors are hung with many of the paintings which
made Mr. Chase's working rooms in the old Studio building, on Tenth
■. the show place of New York for nearly twenty years There is
the portrait of Carroll Beckwith, the Lady in White, and beautitful Mrs.
Chaae watching her children at play in the broad hall of the summer
house in the Shinneeook hills.
Special to The Sunday Call.
WHATEVER success I may
have attained, said Mr.
rhape, comes from my love
of art for art's sake only. I
always wanted to be an ar
tist, and 1 came to be one this way:
My father owned a general store in
amsburff, Ind. .You know what a
general store is. He kept everything
ar.d sold to farmers and village peo
ple.
When I wag about sixteen he went
■up to Indianapolis and started the
largest shoe store in that city. One
part of it was separated from the
rest and devoted to ladies. It was
. carpeted. It was the first ladies' shoe
■tore in the West. One day my father
'came to me and said: 'William, you
have spoiled wrapping paper enough
here. Put on your hat and come with
me. I'm going to take you up to
' Hays."
On our way to the artist's rooms he
explained to me regretfully how sorry
he felt that his endeavors to make a
..business man of me had failed; that he
hadn't much hope or faith in my art
■ predilections, but was willing to give
'me a chance, and he thought that a
studio was a better place for that
rhance than a shoe store, and thus I
began my studies with B. F. Hays, the
artist, in his studio next to the old
Postofflce.
Mr. Hays set me to work copying
things which were of no earthly ad
vantage to me as an art student. For
instance he had me copy in oil a
steel engraving of one of Rosa Bon
heur's pictures. After I had been with
him for a year or so, however, he did
do me a genuine service. He advised
my father to send me to New York.
I came to this city with several let
ters of introduction to wholesale shoe
dealers, who were requested to keep
a kindly watch over me, and another
letter to the late J. O. Eaton, a West
ern artist, who had attained consid
erable reputation in the metropolis
I went into Mr. Eaton's studio and
upon his advice I entered the National
Academy of Design. When I was 20
years old my father failed in business.
He might have taken advantage of the
bankruptcy law and saved a respecta
ble fortune. But it was an honest fail
ure. He regretted very much that he
could not continue supporting me and
he wondered what use I could make of
my art training. I didn't know exactly
what to do.
I gave the matter considerable
thought. I had had one year's ex
perience In the shoe business, and I
had learned how to sell a lady a pair
of shoes two sizes too small for her.
I was very successful in that, and I
had made up my mind that if it came
to the worst I would go into a shoe
store as a clerk. But fortunately I
didn't have to. I laid the matter be
fore Mr. Eaton, and he advised me to
paint flowers and fruits, in which line
of work I had been moderately suc
cessful. Through his influence 1 was
able to sell some of these. There are
a number of them now up around
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
one of the drivers to carry him to Shiba street for 30 cents. When the
vehicle came abreast of the Shiba Hotel the young man suddenly called
out to the rikisha man to stop, as he wanted to go to the toilet. Sd saying
he got down, leaving the bamboo hamper in the rikisha.
The man waited more than half an hour, when he began to gr<hw sus
picious and made n thorough search (if the toilet apartment, but found
nobody there. As, however, baggage had been left in the rikisha. it was
the duty of the man to leave a at the police station, which was <"lose at
hand. The appearance of the bamboo hamper, which was very Securely
tied, excited the curiosity of the officers at the station, who thereupon
called up Detective Kato, and while the rikisha man held the liltht the
bumper was untied. What it contained excited the wonder and amaze
ment of all— the head, feet and hands of a man. who had evidentjy been
thus barbarously murdered and dismembered less than twenty-four hours
before. •
Detective Kato. to the astonishment of the bystanders, exclaimed:
"Why, this is; Goto!— 'Noblp.' as we call htm." and tnen to the still
farther surprise and bewilderment of the officers and the rikisha man he
turned to the latter and said:
"Did the young: fellow who rode in your rikisha look or act at all like
a woman?"
The officers, in short, had not the least conception of what he meant.
Surely, they thought, this detective is a strange and mysterious charac
ter. "While endeavoring ■■ obtain some clew to the murder at the Shiba
Hotel he smelt th> papers that bad been placed upon the. dead man's face;
now he asks n' th. young man who rode in the rikisha did not look or act
like a woman. Then again here is Goto, the very man we were looking
for as a probable agent in the hotel murder, dead himself. Nine out of ten
ordinary detectives w< uld look discouraged at the turn affairs had taken,
hut here is Kato. in spite i;f the apparent failure of his plans, seemingly
i;-; better spirits than ever!
Ni \t morning Kato. disguised a.« a peddler, began to visit all the
es in th« neighborhood of Kadan Hill, ostensibly leaving
samples of Uzl-chia, that choicest of Japan teas, with mistress or servant
rr.ipht be. After operating in this way f ( jr a couple of weeks
rnlng at a house '»f very artistic design, embowered amid
ivered trellis work, with the name "Fugli" upon the gate. This
nous* must i'done- to some official or high rank or
wealth He was acc< rdiugly surprised, while handing his sam
ple to The servant mai<i. to h-?ar the sound of the shamlsen from within.
"By the appearance of tin.- house,'.' he said to himself, "the inmates
should i'sc at least the koto or banjio, but to use such a vulgar street in
strument as the- shamisc-n— why. there's something suspicious in this."
CHAPTER IV.
The same day :;t nightfall two persons might have been seen convers-
Ing in Whispers near the Kadan race track. Presently one of them pro
himaelf of his outer clothing: and to put on some shabby
garmems. which the- other produced frnm the folds <.f his own robe- re
placing them with the dress his companion had taken off.
"All right. Mr. Kato," said ihis latter, "the disguise is admirable"
■ n Which the disguised individual went off in the direction of the race
track. Upon reaching the boundary of (he track he crept stealthily among
the bushes til', he reached a spot which he evidently had in view before
hand.
o'clock," he muttered, "and neither of them here. Strange
. ... ah! here she comes."
The rustle of a woman's dress was heard and presently a female figure
drew near to the place where Detective Kato was concealed. Two minutes
after a young and stylishly dressed man approached from the opposite
direction and loined the female.
"Ah, Ichita, my love, at last. How ungallant of you to keep me wait
ing!" was the salute of the latter as the man approached and embraced
her.
"Better late than never." rejoined her lover gayly. "Now let us sit
down here on the jrrass and tell me what it is you want to see me about "
The couple seated themselves at some little distance from where th»»
detective lay hidden, and as he could get no nearer without bring discov
he had to listen with all attention to enable him to make out their
language. The conversation at first proceeded in whispers, which it was
-ible for him to understand. At length the tones became more ani
mated.
"Why are you such a coward?" said the female. "You need never fear
his reappearance. Have I not assured you he is dead? Henceforth my
love, you shall be master in the house."
"But how. when and where?" responded the other dubiously. "I have
of the funeral ceremony. Tell me. when did it take place?"
"Don't ask such nonsensical questions." returned the female voice
"It is enough to knOw that he will never trouble us ns:ain. He Is now en
during the torments of hell, as h!= career demanded "
"But tell me. love, the particulars. I wish to be satisfied beyond a
doubt." Insisted the man in a coaxing tone.
"Well, come closer; the night is getting cold. There— now listen and
I'll tell you nil."
Here, to the disappointment of Detective Kato. the voices of the pair
sank so low as to be almost inaudible, only some disjointed expressions
such as "Gito . . . Noble . . . stabbed .... corpse .
happy." Berving to pive him an inkling as to the gist of the conversation
had. however, heard enough to convince him that he was
on th>' right track of the perpetrators of the series of murders that had
hitherto baffi tllce. It now remained for him to Identify the woman
him with the infstress of the mysterious house be had visited dur
ing the day. Tlys could readily be done by a comparison of their voices
and this comparison he proposed immediately to make.
CHAPTER V.
On the following morning a stylishly dressed young man. riding in a
rikisha, was arrested by the police about a hundred yards distant from
of mystery" find taken to the station. He" was known to the
;>le generally as a second-rate actor Ichita by
name, playing at the Azabusa Theater. About 10 o'clock the same even
shabbily <'r<<s(>l Individual called at the "house of mystery" and
asked to see the mistress, saying that he had an Important message to
deliver, accompanied] by a letter from an actor at the Azabuza Theater;
and aa It was for her ears alone he wished to see her in private. These
were conveyed to the mistress of the house and caused her such
a feeling of uneasiness as to Induce her to grant the messenger an inter
view, even at such an unseasonable hour. Accordingly she invited him
into h private apartment, where she opened and read the following letter:
"I hast, n to inform you that a sudden emergency compels me to leave
'he city immediately. The bearer of this letter is' a friend of mine in
whom you can place implicit reliance and who knows all the circumstances
of the case. Accordingly do not be afraid to converse with him freely and
also send me ritty dollars by his hand. Your most devoted lover,
Thus reassured Mrs. Fugii— for that was the name of tne lady— ordered
sake and was soon convening familiarly and confidentially with 'her guesi
Goblet followed goblet, and In the freedom which ensued she made many
allusions to circumstances connected wilh the tragedies which had re
cently startled the community, apparently under the impression that she
waß conversing with one who could be trusted. At length the strange vis
itor prepared to take his leave, and with profuse allusions to the hospi
tality of his hostess, made for the door with as much dignity as his ap
parent intoxication would let him.
"Thank you very much, Mrs. Fugii. for the fifty dollars " said he as
he balanced in his hand the purse the lady had given him. "I will give It
to Ichita as soon as I see him. He is waiting for me now, so I must keeD
the appointment." H
"Your hand is not very steady." replied the lady. "Take good care of
It. and tell him to return as soon as he can."
"Never fear." returned the visitor, though the unsteadiness of his walk
as he left the house belied his assurances.
By the time he reached the road he was staggering still worse and
went along singing snatches of comic songs in a maudlin voice Suddenly
somebody tapped him cm the shoulder.
"Why. it is you. Mr. Kato!" said a figure in the gloom "Well I
shouldn't have known you if I hadn't been looking for you about this
nlace and time."
"Yes. yes." returned the detective, for it was he. "Evervthina Is ill
right. I have unearthed the murderess, but I have an Idea she susrjects
who I am. Now run to the station and fetch a posse of officers as fast as
Yonkers, which I would like to recall.
I was so successful that by Christmas
I had saved up enough money to go to
St. Louis, where my father had re
established himself in business, and I
decided, after looking over the field,
to open a studio in that city.
Now in every large city that I have
ever been in there are one or more
mon who feel a personal interest in art.
They are natural art patrons. I mot
two such men in St. Louis. One of them
was named Hodges and the other was
Samuel Dodd. They were both very
wealthy. One day I overheard them
talking in my studio about me.
"What do you think we had better
do?" said Mr. Hodges.
"Send him abroad," answered Mr.
Dodd.
"We'll get commissions for him to be
executed on the other side, and we will
have the money advanced to him for
his studies."
When this plan was laid before me I
very willingly gave up my studio and
went to Munich, where I entered the
academy of which the great Piloti was
the director. I took with me several
hundred dollars and I filled every com
mission according to promise. The
most expensive commission was for D.
A. Cole, one of the best known col
lectors in the West. He had advanced
$150. The picture I painted for him is
now in the Widener collection in Phila
delphia. If I had to do it over again
I would not do it for- ten times that
much.
After entering the academy I had a
pretty hard time of it. I foresaw- that
my money would be spent long before
I had acquired the requisite training,
and try as hard as I might I could not
sell my work to the local dealers. I
had been more or less of a revolution
ist in the school. I had objected to
painting pictures to order, and it was
not the way of the master.
At last I got down to bread and
cheese. Even my canvas and my paints
were supplied by my fellow students.
I had Seen in Munich two years and a
half. I had worked hard and conscien
tiously. I had been unable to sell any
thing. I had rerolved, it Is true, the
highest medal given by the academy
I reoBEHT JEDONCAN «
you can. I shall wait for you hereabouts."
The figure hurried off, while Detective Kato sauntered calmly on, all
traces of his assumed intoxication having disappeared.
"Well," he said to himself gravely, "it looks as though that woman
had got the best of me after all. That noiseless pistol 1 noticed in the
folds of her dress— that was suspicious, to say the least. True. I had one
myself, but her position was always such as to make her mjstrcss of the
situation. I had no chance to use it. A remarkable woman, indeed, to
know I was a detective and yet to talk about her crimes and hand me
fifty dollars Into the bareafn. What? Ha!"
A momentary flash brightened the darkness, and as he uttered the
final ejaculation Detective Kato fell heavily to the ground. At the same
instant a dark-robed figure crept stealthily toward the recumbent body
through the gloom. CHApTER VL
Just then the moon broke through a mass of clouds and revealed the
Garr\jir\g the Murderess to the J^olic^ Station
From a Drawing by the Japanese Artist H. Mori.
form of the beautiful Mrs. Fugil bending over the motionless figxire of dered. as well as the Merchant Hara. Mrs. Fujrii was in firt th* mr>*t
Detective Knto. celebrated murderess who has yet existed during the thirty years' history
"That fifty dollars." muttered the woman. "I must secure that first of the New Japan. s "»riy \ears nistory
in each class, but I had been severely
' criticized by the teachers for my inde
pendence, and the dealers would have
nothing to do with me. I know what
despair means.
! It was the turning point in my life.
: I don't know how much longer I could
< have kept up the struggle. I was for
; tunate in having secured quarters with
, some people who had confidence in me
1 —sufficient confidence to let me owe
them two years' rent— but I could not
have held out very much longer, and
I knew it. It was then that I painted
;my first successful picture. It came
! about this way: I painted a study of
a woman in black, dressed in a riding
habit. It now hangs in the reception
; room of the Union League Club in this
; city. I sold it for $300. It was bought
by S. P. Avery. and now belongs to the
club. It was not the money that I got
from this picture, though, that brought
; me success, because I did not sell it
; until several months afterward. I took
' the canvas to Piloti and asked him
what he thought of it. He looked at it
i and then he said: "Mr. Chase. I want
you to paint the portraits of my chil
dren. I will advance you one-half of
the price before you begin work."
Within a day everybody in Munich
art circles know that the great painter
had commissioned me to paint the por
traits of his children. My reputation
j was made. The dealers who refused
to notice me crowded my studio and
asked for paintings, studies, anything
that I had. The seal of approval had
• been set by the highest authority of
his day. I had money — Piloti's money
— and I was independent, so I told these
dealers "No," to go away, to let me
alone; that I would have nothing to
do with them. I paid my rent. T
walked on air. The whole world looked
bright. There was sunlight every
where.
I won't tell you how I painted these
portraits or what has become of them,
for that has nothing to do with the
matter we are talking about. A cu
rious sequel, however, to this little
siege of the Bavarian art dealers came
to pass only last month. Let me tell
you about it. One of the dealers had
In his store a portrait of a girl smok
ing a pipe, by Wilhelm Leibl. even at
that time a famous painter. I enjoyed
studying this picture more than al
most any other in Munich, and it oc
curred to me that so long as my work
was in demand I would exchange pome
of my pictures for it. so that I could
study it at my leisure in my own stu
dio. I gave three studies of heads in
exchange for it.
Now at the Stuart art sale last year
one of Leibl's pictures sold for $15,000.
About a month ago the art dealer who
arranged the trade in Munich more
than twenty years ago wrote to me,
asking whether I still had this picture,
and if so, whether I would sell it. I
I replied that I had it, and did not care
to dispose of it. In answer to this I
received a letter asking me to put my
own price upon the canvas. This was
a different matter. So I wrote to my
old time friends, telling them that if
they would send their agent to me with
$2000 I would part with the picture,
never thinking that my offer would be
accepted. But they cabled their ac
ceptance and they've gol the picture
now, and I don't know whether to be
sorry or glad.
How did Pilot) happen to ask me to
i paint his children's portraits? It was
I not wholly my study of the Woman in
Black, as I afterward learned, because,
although the great painter was a very
| harsh critic, he had a rather high idea
or my ability, which I possibly did not
i deserve. I'll give you an illustration.
I told you how I resented the methyl of
I manufacturing pictures employed in
j the academy, of my desire for inde
j pendence and all that. This happened
j a month or so before I received my
[ commission. I had all the sensitive
: independence that goes with unrecog
nized ability and grinding poverty. I
resented almost everything. That was
i my mood. One day the master said to
me that he wanted competitive com-
I positions from the pupils, and he had
j selected the subject of Columbus before
j the council because there were a num
: ber of Americans in the academy.
I Now, I knew how Piloti wanted those
I compositions to be made. I knew
I where he would place Columbus and
where he would put the members of the
council, but I determined that if I wei*e
compelled to paint it I would follow
i my own ideas.
Two days before the time for sub
mitting the compositions arrived, some
of my fellow-pupils asked me what 1
was doing with Columbus. I told them
nothing. "You'd better do something."
said one of them, "the chief expects
something very important from you."
I laughed. They insisted, and more as
a» joke than anything else I laid out
nry composition. I said to one of the
young men, "There is no authorized
portrait of Columbus, is there?" No
one knew of any. "So," I continued,
"I'll paint the back of the discoverer,
and I won't put him in one corner of
the picture but in the center." And so
I did. I made him face the council in
a position that I knew would not en
tirely please the chief. The more I
worked on the thing the more interest
ed I became, and before I had been
painting an hour T was engrossed in it.
After I had finished it I laid it one
side and thought no more about it.
But I finally entered it with the other
compositions. To my intense surprise
it received the medal. As soon as the
award was announced Piloti came to
me. indignation written in every line
of his face.
"It's an outrage," he said. "I don't
and then—" Here she lowered her hand and made as if to fumble In
Kato's clothing. Suddenly a s;ream rent the stillness of the nignt-a
scream not from the supposed cead detective, but from the living woman.
As soon as the woman's hand was fairly beneath his robe Detective Kato,
who had merely been feigning -leath, grasped her wrist with a vl selike
grip. There was a short, sharp etruggle, during which the woman man
aged to break loose from the detective's grasp. In an instant both had
drawn their pistols, and it seemed as though the life and death contest was.
to be decided then and there. ■Jus\then the footfalls of running men were
heard approaching. They were th. officers Kato had sent for. The woman
sprang suddenly aside and disappeared in the direction of her house,
closely followed by the officers unter the guidance of Kato. The house
was then surrounded and vigilantly guarded by one party of officers
while another entered and began \ thorough search with lanterns and
torches. Every room and closet W*a thoroughly and systematically ex
plored, but without success, to the intense disappointment of. the omwrs.
"We must now try the basement," said Kato, taking a crowbar and be
ginning to pry un the flooring at ore end of the kitchen. Just then a
terrific explosion from beneath shook the building, tearing up the flooring
and sending the debris flying in every direction the officers narrowly
escaping with their lives. Detective Is.\to. though thrown from the house
by the force of the explosion, at once recovered his composure ana sat
down in a corner of the grounds to watch the house, which was now almost
buried In smoke and flame. The entir* neighborhood was aroused and
came running to the scene to assist in the removal of such' articles or
value In the shape of furniture, etc.. as it was still possible to save. Among
other things a number of wooden and bamboo trunks were taken ont and
set by the fence so as to be out of danger. Suddenly Detective Kato, wno
had been narrowly watching the proceedings from his post of vantage,
signaled to the officers to come to his assistance. Pointing to one of the
larepst of the trunks he gave orders that i; be securely roped and carried
to the police station. On its arrival there the lid was unfastened and out
there stepped with an air of bold defiance a beautiful woman — the same
who had originally been the wife of the rich merchant, and subse
quently the paramour of the assassin, Goto, both of whom she had mur-
undfrstand how the committee came to
give you that medal. You don't deserve
it. The idea of making so bad use of
so great a subject! Now. this is what
you want to do. Put Columbus over
on one side, paint a side view of him.
Do it this way," and he illustrated with
his expressive gestures how the figure
was to be drawn. "Now, don't paint on
your little canvas. I'll give you a
studio that three men have now. I'll
turn them all out. You can have it by
yourself. There we'll put a canvas
thirty feet wide, and I want you to
paint this picture this way. In one. in
two years, you will have produced a
painting. If I have any influence with
your Government it will be in Wash
ington. It will be in the Capitol. It
wiil make you famous."
Of course I was pleased. I was more;
I was touched. But I didn't have
money enough to work one or two years
en one or two months longer, and
I told him so frankly.
"You don't need money," said Piloti.
"The academy, the Government will
pay your expenses, will hire your stu
dio, give you your paints, buy you your
canvas, engage you your model."
I thanked him. but I went back to
my studio and resumed my single can
vas nnd tried to reach the hearts of
the Munich art dealers. This, will show
you how the master regarded me even
before I had submitted the picture that
gave me my first successful order.
While I was painting the portraits of
the children Piloti asked me how I was
getting along with my Columbus pic
ture. I had not begun it. I never
had any intention of beginning it, and
I didn't know exactly what to say to
him. Suddenly an inspiration came to
me.
"Do you think, Herr Director." said
I. "that Munich is the place to paint
thia picture in? Isn't Salamanca a bet- \
ter place?"
"Quite right," returned the master.
"Of course. Come to think of it, your
models here are all Bavarians. You
want Spaniards for models. Wait im- j
til you go to Salamanca. Do it there." j
That is the last I ever heard of my j
Columbus composition. But I have the i
original among my paintings in my stu- j
dio now.
What Is my rule for success in art?
Tears ago I thought that nature was
master. Now I know different. Art
transcends nature. One must paint
what is behind the eye of the artist.
As I paint, and I love to paint, there is
somebody standing by my shoulder who
says to me. "Don't paint that" or "paint
that." and I follow these directions. I
almost see this somebody. It is con
science personified. It "speaks to m°
Tt directs me. Every day I paint when
ever it is possible, whether it be well
done or badly done. I paint if [ havo
to scratch it out the next moraine, l
work because I can't help working. I
love work.
My best picture? In my studio there
is an empty canvas. My best picture
is painted there. It's in my mind. I
am always painting my best picture.
lam always at work on it. My beat
picture is still unpainted, and I hope
the time will never come when I shall
look at that canvas and say "There is
my best picture."
Jlrt Fpeak. of tfte Season.
Early in the autumn it was an
nounced that James McN. Whistler and
Frederick C. Mac Monies, the sculptor,
had, opened a school of drawing and
painting in Paris. Although the world
is well used to the eccentricities of Mr.
Whistler and is not surprised at any
thing he may choose to do, such was
not the case in this instance. Whistler,
as the painter, the author, the wit. the
friend of no man, was a familiar figure,
but as a teacher — that was a new role,
and the art world of Paris was immedi
ately all attention. Talk was rife in the
studios and predictions of success or
failure plentiful, with the weight oC
opinion mostly in the latter scale.
The school opened and studerfc
flocked to its doors and the classes im
mediately became so full that large
numbers had to be turned away. The
peculiar personality of Whistler had
been depended upon, nc doubt, to at
tract women, and tb« :-'f»ct is that the
majority of the apt .<.,.. -ta have been
women. The men vren not convinced.
The arrangement was that Mr
Whistler would criticize on Wednesday
and Mr. MacMonntea on Saturday The
announcement that the latter was to
teach drawing and painting occasioned
no little surprise on this side of the
water, for it is not very generally
known that he has painted for several
years and exhibited often at the S
Those who have seen these exhibits de
scribe them as •'strong," virile work,
but very Salonlike, meaning thereby
that they are good, but interesting al
most entirely from the artists point of
view. In America MacMonnies is known
almost exclusively as a sculptor.
From latest reports, although many
students are still at work in th- Whist
ler classes, a large number have left,
and the failure of the school seems a
matter of only a sort time. For some
reason, which is unknown, Mr. Mac-
Monnies had refused to criticize any
: more. What most astonished the stu
! dents was the character of the criti
! cism. Whistler, contrary to all expec
i tations, spoke mostly of the drawing,
' whereas MacMonnies, who would be
' supposed most interested in form, critl
i cized color exclusively.Catching Salmon
By
The Thousand
■ Special to The Sunday Call.
FAJRHAVEN, Wash., Jan. 13.—
< >ver clear waters, lie-htly danc
ing to the soft music of a gen
se wafting its way from
the snow-clad peaks of the Cas
•":'" -.'cades over that great inland sea called
mi, our steamer with its (fay
• '..' crowd of Eastern visitors slowly swings
.... v • salmon fish trap, one of
';.;• th,e sights peculiar to this region.
;■ '••. : T»'e had. steamed through a vast
.'...-.- ?ch'! <•! of Baimon. We had seen On m
■■':' : in multitudes flashing
..-through the limpid waters, or now and
:•':'. then in exuberance of sport throwing
r; - from crest to creßt of
'Waves. Yet that trap, with its 20.000
imprisoned salmon, making an all
solid mass well nigh forty feet Bquare
: -■ • and forty feet deep, the whole acted
•on- by the tide, Bwaying in such man
./._.• ixer as to cause the trap owner much
'■ uneasiness, was the crowning bight of
all.'
.7 'Tie up to the trap piles?"
• •'.• '.'By no means." A single line from
... .qur steamer with the slightest mill
: .ight tear out the whole trap and $2000
WX>rth "f fish be lost. .
So we steam easily forward and l^ck
in front m the trap and watch the trap
.:/',.-. crew with a large band net din out
•„•".•': 50 to 100 Baimon at a list, until we have
.'•'• -.B-f-n 2000 >»r more transferred from the
' .. water to the scow.
■-■•■'. Practically all the salmon canned in
.•■;..• the world is packed in North
' ■• America; that is, Oregon, Washing
/•"•British Columbia and Alaska. Salted
'■ gain on are put up to a small extent on
V /th- Siberian coast, and the market is
• : V found in China and Japan, but as no
•:'•.*. .means have been taken to keep up a
"••■•supply of fish on the Asiatic coast, they
,' -have been rapidly depleted, and to-day
■•• .tin- Oriental nations are looking to tins
'•-.- country for their salted salmon, and
■•■-■• orders have been sent to Puget Sound
which cannot be tilled this season.
;'. '.- England and Australia draw their en
■.■-:-tire Bupply of canned salmon from this
:. ' section, mainly from British Columbia.
. • while the United States draws its sud
".ply from Alaska, Oregon and Wash
ington, and now the new markets of
the Hawaiian Islands, the Philippines.
China and Japan will secure their
canned salmon from the same source.
Ifornia, in 1897, put up about 28.000
■ cases of salmon on the Sacramento
000 is a mere drop In the
bucket compared with the output of
this section, for practically 3.000.000
of salmon were packed that year
in the Pacific Northwest— Alaska. Brit
is>h Columbia. Oregon and Washing
tun—each packing in round figures one
third of the output.
The salmon pack of the world In
■ . 1897 was approximately 3 cases.
.. ; ■ ..Each case consists, of forty-eight 1
• • pound cans; hence the number of cans
' .-used was at least 144,000,000. Three
million casts of salmon are worth at
'. '. the place of production between $10,
--000,000 and $12,000,000. At least $9,000,000
.- .'capital Is handled in producing this
' • .quantity. Thousands of men, women,
• " girls and boys and Chinamen are em
. --pi'
' . The varieties of salmon in Puget
Bound are locally known as the
chinuok, tyee or spring, the sockeye,
th« humpback, the silver dog and steel
■ ' -.head. The BOCkeye is the choice can
ning fish. The tlc-sh is a rich red, the
'. . ■ meat is fine flb»rod, the oil is rich in
•inpr, and what makes this fish par
; '. tlcularly desirable from the canner's
■ ': point of view is the fact that this
species moves in countless schools.
Five thousand salmon in B scow is an
. ; ordinary sight. Thirty or forty thou
■■ Band fish on the floor of a cannery
: .'■ makes a showing.
• : The sockeye is artificially propagated
•".- In hatcheries and spawns in a natural
: ". state as well. From 3000 to 4000 eggs
make the product of one female. The
• ' ' female lays her eggs as far up a creek
iward its headwaters as pos
sible, and, after spawning, dies. Were
It not for this provision of nature,
• coupled with the attacks of enemies
':" .': without number, for it is estimated
; " \ that but 2 per cent of the eggs hatched
' naturally arrive at maturity, there
Would soon be no Pacific Ocean—noth
■ Ing but fish stretching from the Pacific
• coast to the Orient.
This statement ?eems extravagant,
5 •■ yet the logic of calculation proves It.
Tt is calculated that the productiveness
of the female sockeye salmon is 3000
eggs. Assume that all arrive at ma
turity and that half that number, de
\ clop into female salmon. The first
generation would consist of two, tne
Becond generation of iwuo, the third gen
tration of 15u0 times 0000 or 4,500,000;
the fourth generation of — well, the lino
type cannot keep up with the proces
sion of "o's". Or, to put it in another
way, it is estimated that 5,500,000 sock
eyes were caught in this country alone
in IS'jT. If half these fish had been fe
males and all of their egg capacity had
developed into mature salmon, their
progeny would havw numbered 8,250,
--000,000 fish.
When a few months old the young
sockeye descends the river and goes
to sea, and no man knows where it
spends its time until the fourth year,
when the school returns to its place of
birth to fulfill the functions and com
plete the round of nature.
It is on the return just before or just
after entering the river that the fish
is taken by traps or seines. Traps are
necessarily used in the clear phos
phorescent waters of the Sound. In
general a trap consists of a row of
piles driven from the shore out into
deep water. This row is frequently sev
eral hundred feet long, from above
the line of high water to the bottom of
the Sound a net is hung, making, as it
were, a fence. As the schools of sal
mon sweep along the shore they en
counter the net, and leading along it
enter the heart of the trap through an
entrance which., however, does not
as an exit. The heart or trap
proper is a large bag hung from the
piles, and is generally forty feet square
and forty feet deep. From the trap the
salmon are taken in scows to the can
nery. As they are thrown from the
scow into a hoist which lands them on
the cannery floor, they are counted for
the first and only time.
In most canneries Chinamen are em
ployed to do the work. They are paid
by the case. A canner, for instance,
makes a contract with a Chinese con
tractor to furnish men enough to pack
25,000 cases at a price ranging from 40
to 45 cents per case. If the output is
over 26,000 cases the Chinamen are paid
for the surplus. If less the canner has
to settle with the Chinamen for the dif
ference between the amount packed
and his guarantee.
The first operation in the cannery is
called "butchering," that is, the head,
fins and tail are taken off and the en
trails removed. Thji fish now go into
the "sliming" tank, where they are par
tially washed, thence into a second
tank, where they are washed thor
oughly. The fish now go to the power
cutter— a series of revolving knives,
which cut each fish into the length of
a can. Next, by hand, the fish is cut
lengthwise into pieces that will go into
B can. The can has no top on up to
the present. There is a small quan
tity of salt In the can, and the fish is
put in on top of that.
The can now filled with fish goes to
the washing machine, which not cmly
washes the oil off the outside of the
can, but also packs the meat down In
the can to permit the "chip" to be put
in and the top to be put on. You have
doubtless noticed two little drops at
solder on the top of a can of salmon,
one in the center, the other anywhere.
Moth of these drops fill holes, but the
top, which is now placed on, has only
the open hole in the center of It. The
can now goes to a crimper, which
squeezes the edge of the top down
against the body, and directly from here
the cans roll on their sides in an in
clined position, with the head lower
than the bottom, through a bath of
acid and then through a bath of solder
kept hot by fires underneath. If any
steam is generated in the can during
this process the top would not stay in
place, hence tlie little open hole In the
THE SAN FRAIS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
center to permit the steam to escape,
and hence that "chip" of tin to keep the
fish from plugging the hole at this end,
From the soldering machine the cans
roll down a long incline, the hut solder
meantime settling in the Beam. There
is a fascination in watching cans dodge
around the crimping machine, take a
taste of acid, struggle through the hot
r ai:d then chase one after the
othei d.-wii the incline at the rate of
200 a minute. ».
At the end of the incline they run
under a spray of water to cool the hot
solder and are there caught and placed
in "coolers." Now for the first test
and tests come frequently. Each cooler
is lowered into a tank of clear water.
If any can ieaks the fact is betrayed
by little bubbles. Those that leak are
taken out and carried to the hand
solderers, who are remarkably expert.
One cooler of cans is placed on another
on a small iron cart until they are
about six high. One cart after another
la loaded and they are all roiled into a
steam box where the lish are given the
first cooking. This is an occasion of
surprise to many. But it is a fact that
the raw fish is cooked for the first time
in a tightly sealed can. The tempera
ture is about 212 degrees. After being
about an hour in this temperature the
cans are rolled out and the top of each
can is punctured by striking it with
a mallet which has a steel point in its
face. The oil and steam spurt out and
there is many a merry little fountain.
As soon as the fountains cease this
second hole is plugged with solder and
the cans rolled into the retort, a thing
looking something like a boiler except
that the whole end opens to admit the
cans. Just before going into the retort
the cans are tested again in a similar
way to that described. In the retort
the salmon gets a second cooking at »
temperature of about 240 degrees. When
the coolers are taken out of the retort
they are washed in a bath of caustic
soda* then washed off with fresh water
and carted to the cooling floor, where
they stand until cool. Then they are
tested again, but this time they are
tapped with a little steel rod and the
sourd given forth determines whether
the can is tight. Now lacquering comes.
This is to keep the can from rusting.
Next the label is put on showing the
brano. of salmon inside. Then the can
is wrapped in tissue paper, then put in
a box with forty-seven mates, and
shipped by rail or boat.
The sockeye is not the only salmon
canned. The tyee or spring, the Bilver,
th- humpback and the qualah, or "dog,"
are also packed. They are all choice
food —ii, but the epicurean world has
gotten accustomed to looking for the
red color in salmon and will take noth
ing else. The world needs educating,
however, in the salmon line.
At the height of the season, when 200 |
to 300 people are fairly jumping to pack ;
20,000 to 30,000 fish in a day, the sight
about a cannery is an enlivening one. i
The wages paid are good, unskilled
help sometimes at filling alone earning
$2 per day. On the other hand, while ,
the construction of a cannery involves:
an investment of $10,000 to $20,000, the
amount of capital to handle she product
is about $3 per case; helce it may
safely be assumed that a cannery that
produces 150,000 cases in a season must
have a working capital of about $400,
--000.
At times flp.h have come in such num
bers as to be a drug on the market,
unsalable at any price whatever, down
to two cents a flsh, though these times
will probably never come ascain. The
writer has seen 4W)O flsh thrown away
because they could not be handled be
fore they spoiled; has seen flsh sold at
two cents and has seen the same kind
of fish sold at 25 cents each. Some
years there is a rare profit in the busi
ness of canning salmon; other years the
balance Is on the other side of the j
ledger.
The sportsman will sigh as he thinks
of the millions of salmon caught for
commercial purposes with no regard
for his feelings. Well, all salmon are
not to be tempted into taking a bait of
any kind, but some of the most royal
sport to be found the world over is here
on Puget Sound at certain seasons of
the year.
The steelhead salmon, which is
doubtless an ocean trout and not a sal
mon at all, is now running and will be
caught in nets during the next two
months. Probably this fish might be
allured into taking a bait, but the wet
winter months do not tempt sportsmen
out for experiments. The steelhead is
the great shipping fish for winter and
commanded during the latter days of
December 25 cents a pound wholesale
In New York City.
The spring salmon will follow the
steelhead in March and will be caught
This fish sometimes
in weight. It does
as late as August,
reaches 75 pounds
not take a bait.
The sockeye salmon will come In July
and run in countless schools. It will
weigh six or seven pounds. Neither
does it take a bait, and in fact few men
can tell what it lives on, for nothing
is found in its stomach when caught.
In September and October the silver
salmon come, and every second year
humpbacks come with them or
shortly _ after, and then follow the
qualah or "dog" salmon.
But the silver salmon is the sports
men's delight. He will weigh from ten
to fifteen pounds and is generally
caught with a trolling spoon; some
times on a light rod. He who gets a
silver on a seven-ounce rod has more
business to the square inch on hand
than he often finds. This fall out of a
school of silver salmon within a few
miles of this city «iO,OOO fish were taken
In nets. The sportsman who trolled
among that Bame school took — well, a
whole boatload, for they didn't count
them.
It has been stated that less than 2
per cent of the eggs of a female salmon
develop and mature -as salmon. By
artificial propagation over 98 per cent
of the eggs reach the stage of young
salmon. It is therefore to the present
hatcheries and to the proposed large
increase in the number of hatcheries,
that the State of Washington looks for
the perpetuation of her important sal
mon industry. _ J. M. BELL.
Millionaire Lipton's Three Great Ambitions
To Found the Greatest Charity Organization in the World, to Beat the "Yankees"
in the Jiext International Yacht Race and to Sain a Place in
the British Peerage.
SPENDING FORTUNES AND WORKING DAY AND NIGHT TO ATTAIN THE THREE OBJECTS.
Special to The Sunday Call.
LONDON, Jan. 2.— Sir Thomas
Lipton, the "most astonishing
citizen of London," has planned
to do three astonishing things
during the year 1899.
First— To found the Alexandra
trust; cost, $1,000,000.
Second— To win the America cup;
cost $300,000.
Third— To gain a British peerage.
The first is a plan of, practical phil
anthropy, the second is in the spirit of
good natured international rivalry for
yacht sailing championship, and the
elevation to the British peerage is an
honor which probably awaits Sir
Thomas as a reward at the hand of
Queen Victoria if his boat shows her
heels to the American sailors, and Brit
ish supremacy is thus again estab
lished.
Sir Thomas' motto is, "The Lipton
flag never has been hoisted in vain,"
and he firmly expects to carry out his
three plans.
Reward of Charity.
When the Queen's jubilee dinner for
the London poor was in danger of fall
ing through by the penuriousness of the
English public, Thomas Lipton came
forward and gave £25,000, and thus
made it possible for the committee to
feed 110,000 of the poor of London. For
that and other charities he was knight
ed, and then last summer he announced
that he was ready to give half a mil
lion of dollars in the starting of the
Alexandra trust for furnishing cheap
and good meals to the poor, and had
another $f>oo,ooo to add to the fund if
the system proves a success. Its pa
tronesses is the Princess of Wales, a
good person to know when one wishes
to be a peer — and the trust was named
in her honor. The Alexandra scheme
is much along the line of the soup
kitchens which have proved such a suc
cess in Vienna, but Mr. Lipton's wide
business experience has suggested a
great many details which will be new
In such movements. He has given
much sympathetic attention in the past
to the fare of the lower classes, and
says it is not only of poor quality, bad
ly cooked and untidily served, but costs
too much to those who can ill afford it.
All of these faults he plans to remedy
by a good bowl of soup, or bread or
meat, well cooked and served for a
halfpenny. For twopence a fair meal
| can be bought, the diner having be
yond this a considerable range in pric*
| and selection. This is the object of the
I Alexandra trust.
So soon as the necessary charter Is
secured a large dining establishment
Will be opened in the poorest quarter of
the city, and other places of the kind
will follow so soon as it is shown that
the plan is a success. Sir Thomas de
signs to make the institution eventu
ally self-supporting by the purchase of
property in several places about town.
And he is quite business man enough
to do it.
Small Fish Dealers
Opposition to the Alexandra trust has
developed from the keepers of small
fish shops and coffee houses, who say
they will be driven out of business if
Lipton enters the field. They have been
memorializing the committee on
charters asking that a permit be not
granted, and their union is making
ready to present their side of the
matter before Parliament when it
meets in February. These small vic
tualers claim that food in London is
cheap enough for anybody already, and
that lowering the price of living will
simply mean that the present number
of loafers about the public houses will
be immensely multipled.
Lipton is not discouraged by the op
position aroused, and says thai the
plan will prove a public blessing if
once tried, and this view is shared by
the Princess of Wales, the Duke of
Norfolk and Sir Francis Jeune, who
are associated with the promoter of the
enterprise. There is little doubt that
the royal charter will be granted, and
that the interesting experiment will be
inaugurated next year.
Plan to Beat the Yankees.
By a little dinner party held in the
Savoy Hotel a few nights ago, the
building plans for the Irish yacht,
Shamrock, were finally discussed and
agreed upon, and the keel of the trim
racer will now shortly be laid in the
Harland & Wolff yards at Belfast. Her
plans have been approved, but just
what those plans call for is known only
by a select coterie, ,who after dinner at
the Savoy turned all of the waiters oui
of the room, locked the doors and held
a star chamber session to go over the
plans again and give the final building
orders. Those present were Sir Thomas
Lipton, owner of the Shamrock that is
to be; William Fife Jr., the designer;
W. J. Pirrie, director of the Harland ft
Wolff shipyard; Hugh McGlldowney,
. the Belfast yachtsman; Baron Russell,
Lord Chief Justice of England, and his
son, Charles Russell.
"England and Scotland have both
fought for the America cup. but Ireland
never," said Sir Thomas, when, after
due persuasion, he was prevailed upon
to talk for publication on his .Shamrock
hopes. "I have been a member of the
Royal Ulster Yacht Club for some
years, and as one whose parents belong
to the north of Ireland, though I was
born in Glasgow, I have long had a
notion of sending an Irish challenge for
the cup, but one thing or another in
the past haa prevented me putting it
into execution. Over ten years ago I
went so far as to make an offer through
Hon. W. J. Lane of the New York Life
pany, then a member of Parlia
ment for Cork, to race for the America
cup, providing I could pret a yacht de
signed, built and manned by Irishmen,
but the matter fell through.
"What I have always aimed at has
been a challenge from an Irish yacht
club, by an Irish built boat, by an Irish
designer, sailed by an Irish skipper and
crew and bearing, I need hardly say,
an Irish ivime. All these essentials,
with the exception of the designer, will
be fulfilled when, the new Shamrock
meets her American rival.
Will Spend a Fortune.
"I do not wish to speak boastfully,
but I am prepared to spend £50,000 to
£60,000 to lift that cup. But money Is
not the only consideration, as brains
are needed.
"It was only after careful considera
tion that we decided to give the dsign
ing order to Mr. Fife, whom we have
every confidence in. and he- thinks he
can justify it. Fife believes that hith
erto, the best boat has won in the cup
contests," said Mr. Lipton.
An Irishman for Cuptain.
Captain William O'Neill will skip
per the new boat. He comes of a
seafaring family and is counted the
smartest sailing master along- the Irish
coasts, although his initial races on the
Thames in IST4 went against him. and
he wanted tn leave his command after
the first defeat Then hia luck changed,
and for a half dozen years he kept his
boat, the Mynsotis. at the head of the
winning list. Skice then he has al
most steadily kept first place with what
ever boat he has been engaged to cap
tain, winning thirty prizes In a single
season with the Annasona, a Fife cut
ter.
"I have laid down no new conditions
as to the race, but will leave all ar
rangements to the holders <>l the cup."
continued Mr. Lipton. "I know the
States well, and a fairer cr more sports
manlike body of men never lived than
I American yachtsmen. 1 am sure I
i shall get fair play from them, as I
■ know of no place where a Britisher can
;go where he will receive more true
I kindness or be better treated than at
j the hands of our American cousins."
Worth $20,000,000.
Twenty millions of dollars is what the
j Liplon fortune is accounted at present,
and this is being added to rapidly by
the receipts which daily roll into the
counting- house in City Road from the
j immense provision business of the coin
j pany around the world. As one looks
over the large and beautiful room
where scores of clerks and typewriters
are at work on the corporation's ac
counts he sees a little of the perfection
in the immense system which makes
to-day's quotation of the "Upton, Lim
■ ited," stock on the exchange sell at
I nearly two and ,pne-half times above
I par. Sir Thomas Insists that in every
department of his mighty business an
tiquated English methods be cast aside
and down-to-date American ways of
doing business alone be employed,
which accounts in large part for his
being able to spend a million or two
offhand, as he is doing in his yacht and
Alexandra enterprises.
Mr. Lipton takes a few hundred of his
employes now and again out to Osidge,
his beautiful country residence ai
Bouthgate, where he invites them to
I take full possession of the place in the
holiday he gives them. The American.
[ and British flags in the decorations al
wayfl tell that the host is an Anglo-
American. He likes fast horses as
I as a swift business and daily drives a
■ speedy span imported from Kentucky
over the ten miles between his country
home and city offices.
And all this charity, this touching the
pride of the Britisher in championing
British seamanship, this tremendous
1 activity in making friends with royalty,
this genius for money getting, is lead
ing straight toward the greatest of all
at Llpton's plans — the elevation to the
peerage. I suggested the rumors about
his possible elevation to him the other
day, but, of course, he wisely professes
never to have dreamed of such a thing.
EDWARD PAGE GASTON.
Bohemian Reese which are driven long
distal rket are Bhod t» fore Btart
tng on the
edly over >■ tar mixed with sand.
crust on the feet, tm
ablfng the geese to travel over great dis
tances.
2526
SOCIETY
SOCIETY has pruned Its feathers
and donned Its smartest frocks
twice during the past week,
which haa been a notable one in j
local Bwelldom, having Been 1
marked by two really brilliant
affairs.
First there was the Spreckels ball on
Monday night. This was the Mrst private
sorial function of any magnitude of the
• winter season, ami all Vanity Fair was
there.
• Then on Wednesday evening: the Cinde-.
rellas gave a party which was largely
attended and brought out. any number of
smart gowns and choice jewels.
• • •
Cupid's darts are still hurtling through
the iir, several weddings bavlng been
celebrated last week, and an equal num
ber <>f these happy affairs being an
nounced for the near future.
* Teas have dwindled in number, and only
.one dinner of note has taken place. This
was the dinner party given by Mr. and
Mrs. Mark L, Gerstle on Monday evening,
: .after which the entire party attended the
. Bpreckels ball.
■ The party comprised Mr. and Mrs. Sam
uel G. Buckbee, Mr. and Mrs. William L.
Gerstle, Mr. and Mrs. E., Avery Mc-
Carthy, Miss Grace Eiecht, Miss Helen
Wagner, Mr. Costigan, Edgar A. Peixotto,
Maxwell McNutt and Kdward M. Green-
Tvay.
• • *
Only two interesting affairs are sched
uled for the present week. One is the
■wedding of Miss Clementine Kip and Dr.
Guy L. Edle, U: B. A., which will take
place at Grace Episcopal Church at noon j
on Thursday next auu promises to be a
brilliant affair.
The other event is a large tea which
Mrs. Edwin Dimond will give at her home
on the afternoon of the same day. She
■will be assisted in receiving by Miss
Eleanor Jarboe and Miss May ToUin.
• * •
The next meeting of the Friday Nigh'
•Club, which was to have taken place on
Janury 20, '' has been '- postponed to
February '.'.
The directors of the. San Francisco Art
Association have decided- to give a Mardi-
Gra-s bal masque on. Shrove Tuesday,
February 14.
• * * ;
The most Interesting wedding of the
week was that of Miss Delia Davidson
and' Harrison Dibblee, which took place
on Wednesday in the Watt cottage, in the
grounds of the Hotel Rafael. The bride
is the daughter ol D. B. Davidson, casher
<ii' the Nevada Bank of this city, and is a
great favorite In society circles here. The
groom is the son of the late Albert Dib
blee of ROSS Valley.
Bishop \V. H. Moreland of St. Luke's
Church performed the remony in the
presence of about fifty relatives and inti
mate friends. The house was handsomely
decorated with riowers and foliage. The
bride's gown was of white satin, trimmed
with tulle. She carried lilies of the val
ley and a spray of the same blossoms held
her veil. She had no attendants, her
father giving her into the keeping of the
groom. Mr. Dibblee was supported by
his brother, Albert Dibblee.
After the wedding a breakfast was
served, and late in the afternoon the
young couple departed to make a tour of
the southern part of the State.
A nuptial m.iss celebrated the wedding
Of Mlsfl Marie Brudell and William
Wempe, which was solemnized last Tues
da> In the Church of St. Boniface, on
Golden Gate avenue. Rev. Father Maxi
ii;i;i was the celebrant, and Fathers
Plus and Augustus assisted. The bride,
who is the daughter of the late Dr. and
Mi>-. O. Brudell, spent several rears in
Europe, but since the death of her father
bhe has remained in retirement with her
motht r in this city. , The groom is a well
known business man in San Francisco,
being a member of the firm of Wempe
Brothers.
At the conclusion of the ceremony a
breakfast, attended by relatives only, was
Bi rved at the home of the groom's family,
41" r Oak Btreet, where -Mr. and Mrs.
Wempe will reside after their return from
a southern honeymoon trip.
Miss Fannie Johnson and Alexander T.
Vogelsang were quietly married Wednes
day afternoon in Grace Church by Rev.
"R. C. Foute. The bride was unattended,
except by her brother, Fred 11. Johnson.
The groom is an attorney-at-law in this
city and president of the State Fish and
Game Commission.
Mr. and Mrs. Vogelsang went directly
■ from the church to the train. They will
Bpend a few weeks at Coronado, and on
tne'r re-tun; will reßlde at the California
Hotel.
• . » • •
Major and Mr?. William Cluff cele
brated the twentieth anniversary of their
marriage Wednesday evening by giving
a. reception at their residence, Wlii Vallejo
street. The host and hostess were assist
ed'in receiving by their daughters, the
Misses Maud and Mabel Cluff. An or
chestra was in attendance, and there was
'dancing until early morning, with an in
termission. at midnight, Wjien an elabo
rate supp«r was served.
• • •
Despite the stormy weather of last
Tuesnay a large number of ladies were
present in 'the hall of the Century Club,
on the occasion of the reception given by
the members of the Mills Club. The club,
which was formed several years ago, is
composed of the alumnae, the students
and faculty of Mills College. The hall,
was decorated with the college colors,
and several vocal numbers were ren
dered, and refreshments served during
the afternoon.
Mrs. J. Homer Fritz, the president, was
■SSißted in receiving by Miss Lowry, Mrs.
J. L.. Litchfteld, Miss Phelps, Miss Fannie
Danforth, Mrs. Frank Bates, Mrs. l'e
mans. Miss Farquharson and Miss Helen
Bacon.
• '■*'.■•
Mr. and Mrs. O. O. Howard gave an en
joyable dinner party at the Colonial on
Thursday evening, at wTlich they enter
tained Mr. and Mrs. Henry Wadsworth,
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick L. King. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Howard. Mrs. A. E. Irwin. Miss
Emma Irwin. Mr. Green and F. 10. Ware.
The dinner was served in the red room,
and the table wa.s handsomely decorated
with carnations, eucalyptus berrries. red
satin ribbons and shaded candelabra.
The first meeting of the Colonial Dames
was held last week at the residence of
On Exhibition The Greatest ART EVENT Within the Galleries,
Monday and Tuesday, « n 125 Geary street,
fSntJol the history oi ian Francisco. B^^!§
TCPI
The FERDINAND ROSSI and "
JACQUES ; GEROME ;'
Collections
♦♦♦RARE**.
J; ART TREASURES
V" ' Rare paintings by ..old masters. Artistic..
'■: . r ;•■ .w'..' - Furniture, Pare Porcelains, Enamels.
Carvings, Etc.
To be sold at auction
(positively) , . Under the direction of
Wednesday, Jan. 18, _^^ ___»_,__ B. Grcssbaum or Sons,
and 3 days following. . WM, BUTTERFIELD, . 112 New Bond st..
11 a. m. and 3p. m. Auctioneer. London W.
Mis* Elizabeth Jones, on Washington '
street. A large number of the lJaim i
were In attendance, and besides a daint>
luncheon, vocal music and "talks" on va
rious subjects were enjoyed. Among those
present were: Mrs. s. M. \j;n Wyck, Mrs.
G. L. Whitney, Mrs. F. Winchester, Mis.
B. C. Dick, Mrs. J. F. Rogers, Mrs. Knox
Maddox. Mrs. J. L. Moody, Mrs. Thomas
Flint,* Mrs. Sam Holladay, Mrs. Harvey
Darneal, Mrs. Henry Gibbons, ->iiss ■
Moore, Miss Raymond. Miss Maddox, Miss ■
Unwell and Miss Rose.
Oakland is still outdoing San Francisco
in its chronicling of gay events. On Mon
day Mr. and Mrs. Brown celebrated their
crystal wedding by giving a large recep
tion. They were assisted by Mrs. Harry
Knowles, Mrs. Hall, Mrs. Monteagle and
Mrs. lloughton.
Monday afternoon Mrs. Orestes Pierce
gave an" old-time tea. Nearly all of the
younger crowd and a few married peo
ple were there. The house was tastefully
decorated with Christmas berries, ferns
and palms.
On Wednesday Mrs. James Mofiitt and
the Misses Lucy and Alice Moffitt gav ■• a.
tea to a large number of their friends.
Those who assisted them In receiving
were: Mrs. Stephenson. Mrs. Ernest Fol
ger. Miss Gardiner of Pasadena, M*ss
Mary Barker, Miss Kennedy and the
Misses Kat< and Josephine ChaboT.
Another charming < takland affair was
the matinee tea which Mrs. Edward 11.
Kittredge, Miss Kittredge and Miss Hat
tie Kittredge gave at fieir home yester
t ay afternoon.
Then there have be*:n several delightful
club parties and innumerable luncneon
and dinner parties in that festive little
city across the bay.
Colonel and Mrs. Middleton and Mrs.
Storm left yesterday for a visit of a few
months in the East. On their return they
will live at the Occidental Hotel.
Mrs. Daniell of London has arrived on
a visit to her mother, and is staying at
the Palace Hotel.
Mrs. John Hoggs and Miss Alice Boggs
will leave here next Friday for Coronaao,
where they will spend the remainder of
the winter.
Mrs. Jonathan J. Crooks has gone East,
where she will visit her mother for sev
eral Weeks.
Miss Km ma Wells, who was the guest
of Miss Jessie Fillmore for several weeks,
has returned to her home in Chicago.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred C. Peterson have re
turned from Belvedere and taken apart
ments at si<y Pine street for the winter.
Mrs. John H. Dickinson and her son,
Reginald Dickinson, have gone to New
fork City, and will be away several
months. The latter is to be placed in a
sanitarium foi treatment.
1 >r. Leopold Neumann left last week to
visit friends in the Kast and Europe and
will be away about two months.
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton, after a brief
stay in New York, is at present visiting
friends in Washington, D. C.
Mrs. Gertrude Foster of I'tica, N. V., is
the guest of Mrs. John W. Phillips of
East Oakland. Mrs. Foster and Mrs. Phil
lips expect soon to leave lor the Ha
waiian Islands.
Robert T. Lincoln and party of Chicago,
who are en route to California in a spe
cial car, are expected to arrive in San
Francisco in a few days.
* * *
Mrs. J. C. Tucker and Miss Mac Tucker
of Oakland left for the Orient last week.
They will visit Japan, Hongkong, the
Nile. Italy and many European i Itles be.
fore they return.
Mrs. George G. Carr, accompanied by
Miss Marie Voorhies, left for Los Angeles
last Tuesday.
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard has re
turned from an Eastern trip.
Miss Mary Hell Gwin left last evening
for a visit to relatives in New Orleans.
Mis. Kleanor Martin returned on Friday
In -i I'n 'm her trip to Palm Springs, where
she. went tc visit her son, Andrew Mar
tin.
Peter D. Martin left on Thursday for
Coronado, to be gone several weeks.
* » •
Mr. and Mrs. Rtidyard Kipling, accom
panied by John Hays Hammond, will sail
from England for New York on January
20. on a two months' trip to America.
They will spend most of this time in
Washington, and later will visit the City
of Mexico.
Miss Felice Kingsford left last Wednes
day evening for New York City, where
she expects to remain a year as the guest
of Mrs. W. P. Mitchell.
Mrs. Nat T. Messer will leave shortly
for Los Angeles. After a month's visit
with her father .he will join her daugh
ter. Miss Marie Messer, in Denver, and
later they will visit New York and other
F.astern cities.
Mrs W. 11. Bertsch is visiting her
mother, Mrs. Emille Tripler. at the Hotel
Bella Vista. She will remain with her
during the absence of her husband, Lieu
tenant W. H. Bertsch, U. s. a., whose
company is at present stationed at Neu
vilas, Cuba.
An enjoyable party was given by Miss
Emma Hahn on Friday evening. January
6, at her new home, 14U3 Gough street. The
evening was spent in dancing and playing
games. Prizes were awarded to Miss
Maud Pike and Frank Robinson. Those
present were: Miss Mary Martenstein,
Miss Maud Pike. Miss Frances Keyser,
Mis- Dausken. Miss Lillian
Baker. Miss Emma Hahn. Theodore Wat
son, Frank Robinson, Jack Grleason, Theo
dore Martenstein. Charles Bowers, Her
man faeine, Gardner de Veuve, Edward
Schneider and otto Hahn.
Tho seventy-sixth anniversary of the
birth of Mrs. Goss was celebrated at her
home, .T,4T Twenty-flrst street, on Mon
day evening. The affair was arranged by
some of her many friends in the Mission
to show their appreciation of the hospi
tality dispensed for so many years. There
were present: Mrs. and Miss GrOSS, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Taubman. Miss Mona Taub
man. Miss Kate .Taubman, Mis. J. Beau
mont, Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Mohr. Miss
Nellie Hughes and Will J. French. Miss
Mona Taubman had charge of the musical
programme.
An enjoyable dance was given by the
Misses Fortmann on Wednesday evening
at their home on the northwest corner of
Gough and Eddy streets. Among those
present were: Mi.ss Burns. Miss Qrace
Cole, Miss Florence Duggan. Miss Alice
Harmon, Miss Keano. Miss ESdythe Ma
rion. Miss McNab, Miss Alice May, Miss
Alene Mulcay, Miss Prosek, Miss Rapp
Mrs. Stewart. Miss Gladys Piver. Miss
Vogelsang, Miss Techuren, Miss Landers,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 55, 1899.
W. Stevens, Dr. AVoyer, R. Legge. W.
Moore, W. Adams. I>. Painter, VV. Gutz
kow, Dr. Derby, H. Moore, H. Forbes, W.
Meckfesael. 11. Davis, il. Dederky. L.
Smith, n. Walsh, F. Hammer, F. Coakley,
Mr. Stewart and Hugo Ibrrold.
A pleasant birthday party was tendered
Adoiph Muhl at his residence, 22." Corbett
road, on Friday evening last. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. August
Muhl, William Muhl. Frederick Muhl.
Miss Ella Muhl, Mr. and Mrs. George
Sohst, Mr. and Mrs. Schroder and others.
The Fin de Siecle Whist Cluo was de
lightfully entertained by Miss [da Wolfi
r home on Thursday evening. A
series of whist was enjoyeu, the prizes be
ing won by Miss Patridge and Mr. A. .1.
Kennedy, aft. r which the time was mer
rily spent In dancing, cake walking, etc,
nil r il all ri paired to the dining room.
where a dainty supper was partaken of.
Those present were: Miss Faith Gambit z,
W. B. Burner. Miss s. Logan, L. R. Gam
bits, Miss J.. Beauman, T. R. Jones, Miss
F. Baron, J. H. Whi eler, Miss ,]. Pat
ridge, a. .1. Kennedy, Miss a. Patridge,
.1. C. Crocks, Miss L. Maeirs, L. E.
Phillips, Miss r. Wolfe. F. A. West, Miss
A. Vellguth, Judge T. F. Dunn. Miss 1(.
L. GambitZ, E. <>. Whitney Miss J. HrO
mada, D. Boyer, E. W. Gates and Mis*
Kiefaber.
The first party of thp Third Thursday
Club will be held the 19th inst. in th'a
Supreme Court building. 305 Larkln str< • ;.
Active preparations are now being madi
for [he second anniversary party of Ca
thedral Council No. 59, V. M. 1.. to be held
on Friday evening, February iv. at Na
tive Sons' Hall. Admission by invitation
only.
The Social Whist Club held its tilth reg
ular meeting last Thursday evening ai
tho residence of Mine. L. A. Sorbier. The
members of the dub are: Mrs. Hunt,
Mr. Tevllin, Miss Lane, Mr. Thompson,
lime. Sorbi-r. Mr. Sherman, Miss Hess,
Mr. I*ane. Miss Marie Sorbier, Mr. Better
ton. Miss Bell, Dr. Copsey, Miss Josephine
Sorbier, Mr. O'Neal. Miss Lannon, Mr.
Schmltt, -Mrs. Leibold, Dr. Derby. Miss
Tee:!.- Sorbier, Mr. Leibold and Mrs.
Seeley. Prizes were won by Mine. Sorbier
and Mr. Betterton.
Mr. and Mrs. \V. Fahey will celebrate
the twenty-fifth anniversary of their wed
ding next Thursday evening at their
home, I'M Fifth street.
The i>,-v.\ Temps will give their initial
dance Thursday evening, January in, at
Golden Gate Hall.
The K. K. L. will give their Beventh
party at Saratoga HaU Tuesday evening,
January 17.
Tin; members of the McKenzie Musical
Society will give their fifteenth musicaie
and In p at Odd Fellows' Hall on Thurs
day evening, January 19.
M. B. Levy is lying seriously ill at his
residence. lIHT Mission street.
The lirst Friday Cotillon held its meet-
Ing on the Gth inst. in Assembly Hall,
Red Men's building. Notwithstanding the
stormy weather, the affair was well at
tended. The german was led by James G.
Jones, manager of the club.
The d" Accord Club spent another pleas
ant evening- on Tuesday, January 10, at
Cotillon Hall. Among those dancing were:
Miss Caroline rimer. Miss Zeta Kippon,
Miss Lillie Malowansky. Miss Meta Wal
ters. Miss Alvlna Vellguth. Miss E.
Shanley, Miss Rose Kothchild, Miss Ida
Precht, Miss Viola Kleineberg, Miss Clara
Klemm, Miss Bettie JOOSt, Miss ll.r
manda Joost, Miss Doris Heuer, Miss
Alma Harder. Miss Josle Fratinger. Miss
Alice Dorgan, Miss Emma Becker. Miss
Etta Becker, Miss Emma Falch, Mr. and
Mrs. J. P. Whitney, Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
Meussdorffer, Emlle A. Groezinger, F. W,
Meussdorffer, Paul C. Westerfeld, AI.H.
Antz. W. G. Harder, Dr. A. J. Sylvester,
J. M. Hayes. \\ . Wegelhmer, E. Seymer,
Dr. H. \V. Stirewalt. H. Schlichting, F.
Sykes. E. A. Leavy, W. Kells, P. J.
Heuer, C. J. Hit tell. George 11. Wendel,
H. E. Gates, Otto Falch, Ricardo Arroyo,
H. Aldunat
A birthday party was given by Miss
Florence Cooper at her home, BM}J Filbert
street, on Monday evening. Those present
were: Miss Lottie Murphy. Miss Annie
Murphj . -Miss Oiga Simon, Miss Renle
Sllbersteln, Miss Tessie Silberstein, Miss
Genevle Bogan, Miss Marian Cooper, Miss
Alma Rump!'. Miss Annie Klinker, Miss
Mary Banbuck, Miss Hilda Gutfeld, Miss
Hortense Glassman, Miss Fannie Glass
man, Miss Selma Sidlowski. Miss Lottie
Sidlowski, Miss Fannie Cooper, Mrs. L.
Cooper, Miss Mary Munane, Miss Mary
Delaney. Walter Johnson, Ernest Mitchell,
Milton Cooper, Harry Cooper, George
Coleman, Milton Coleman. Willie Day,
Emile Gough, Louis Cooper and F. J.
Daniells.
The Sans Souci Whist Club was enter
tained on Friday evening, January 6, at
the residence of the Misses Robinson, 2711
Octavia street. After an enjoyable game
tin prizes were awarded to Miss Sadie
Robinson and Harry White.
Among th« passengers who sailed on the
steamship Australia for Honolulu Wed
nesday, January 11. were: A. H. Bachel
der Dr. F. S. Bascom. Robert Bruce i hd
wife, Miss J. Bruce, Miss B. Bruce, Mrs.
Center, Miss Center, William Chalmers,
Mrs. W. F. Colton, Mi.ss 1 >. Colton, C. E.
Cotton, Genera! R. H. Cunllffe, Albert
Davis, Miss Edna Davis. Thomas Deni
gan. G. Harvey. J- P. Hayward. Daniel
Hill and wife., R. R. Hind and wife. Miss
Hind. Miss M. E. Hind, H. D. James, bid
X Johnson, Miss Makanoe Kaaepa, H.
L. Kirkman. 11. D. Lloyd. W. B. Lloyd,
Miss Hose Lukenbill. Miss MeCarthy.J. tl.
McChrystal, wife and two children. Mrs.
M McGuire, Miss McGurre, R. Melrose,
J. C. Pascoe, W. A. Potts. Leiand S.
Ramsd.ll. W. Remenspecger, R. W. Shin
gle, Joseph F. Smith and wife, Mi.ss Mary
S. Smith. Miss Alice Smith, B. X. Smith,
P H Shore. II J. Vance, Rev. E. J. H.
Van Deerling, 1. Van Tread well, W. C.
"Wilder. S. Wenban.
The members of the Aldine Club will re
ceive their friends at the rooms of the
A rion Verein Sat unlay evening, Janu
ary L'S.
Among the notable passengers sailing
on the Hamburg-American line steamship
Fuerst Blsmar k from New York on
•Wednesday for Naples were the Grand
Duke Cyrill and suite of Russia, who re
cently passed through this city on a tour
of the world.
A delightful surprise party was given
to Miss Emily Armstrong at her resi
dence, 30U Twenty-sixth street. Janu
ary ~- Those present were: Miss Emily
Armstrong, Miss Amelia Johnson. Miss
Marian Tie Paschold, Miss Emma Wuest
hoff, Miss Tlliie Emhjotf, Miss Margaret
McKepn, .Miss Blanche Lenear, Miss Cora
Mitchell, Miss Margaret O'Brien, Miss
May Hamilton, Miss May Merrill. Miss
May O'Brien. Miss Clara Muller, Miss
Maiiiii 1 Gould. Mr. and Mis. Armstrong,
Miss Lulu Sinz. Miss Rose Nebanas. Miss
Ethel Carrol, Miss Mamie McDevltt, Miss
Alice McDevitt, Miss Addle Rosenbrack,
Miss Grace Mclniyre, Miss May St.
A-rnet. Miss Freda Armstrong. Miss Nellie
Ruddick, Charlie Stanley, Edwin Mohr,
Ollic Stanley. Robert Schleuter, Charles
Martin, John Grace, Kddie Crawford, Tom
Hamilton, Martin Boradori, Helvetio Ma
rinni. Fnuiois Armstrong, Mr. Fitzpat
rick, Willie Dorr, George Henderson, Mar
tin Chapatel, August Lacay, Laurlne Col
lins and Albert Grest.
* • *
Mrs. Cnrolyno Purrell of 1830 Howard
street entertained a lar^c number of
guests on Saturday evening last in honor
of the eighteenth birthday of her daugh
ter. Miss Hazel Purcell. A delightful
musical programme was rendered and
dancing was indulged in until a late hour.
Those present were: Mr. ami Mrs. J. < '.
Weber. Miss Charlotte B. Lenhart. Miss
Carrie Purcell. Miss Susie Stewart. Mis-:
R. "Weber. Mips H. Stuber.rauch. Miss M.
Conlin, Miss L. Blainey, Miss L. McDon
aid, Miss J. Bateman, Miss E. Bateman,
.Miss M. Dalton, Miss C. Fuller, Miss M.
Fancher, Miss A. Gould, Miss M. Lowney,
Miss 1. Lyswa, Miss Fl. Munch. George
Ilislop, J. Posney, S. Kinkade, B. Collins,
\V. Bowers, G. Stewart, J. Sullivan, It.
Lenhart, R. Becsey, K. Becsey, C. Kor
mel, Bert Perry. H. Rothwell, C. Stubon
raucb, H. Dana. William Allen, W. 1!.
Cookson and Robert Beagles.
A very enjoyable musicale was given
Saturday afternon at the residence of
Mrs. .1. R. Dickinson. 1247 Franklin Btreet,
by the pupils of Mrs. Orel Sheehan. Those
present were: Mrs. Orel Bheehan, Mr.
and Mrs. .1. R. Dickinson, Mrs. Williams,
Miss M. Donnely. Miss Kitty Bnuiagan.
Miss Annie Goodman, Miss Annie Bran
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD
DEARF.ST MARGTERITE — Gos-
Blps are born, not made. Your
real gossip, like the babbling
brook, runs on forever and a day.
It's a greatness that cannot be
thrust upon you. So I'm going To stop
tying the gossip's cap under your dimpled
chin.
Society has taken off Its blase mask of
indifference and is greeting '98 with a gay
and smiling countenance. Bach new leaf
of the calendar that '99 unfolds is more
promising than the last. Red letter days
are scattered through the season. But
the to-morrows cannot possibly snatch
the laurel wreath from hist Monday's
brow. We crowned her (■jueen-nlght of
the year at the Sprockets ball.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Spreckels gave
the ball to introduce their two daughters
Into society's charmed circle. The hail
was decked as it has never been before.
The music floated through the green lat
tice work of palms that hid the stage.
And everybody was there— from the dear
old gentlemen who used to let mo "see
the wheels go wound" in their watches to
bo\ s who let me spin their tops.
There were four dinners, that I know
of. Kiven before the dance. We ate, drank
and made merry around the daintiest of
tables, presided over by Daisy Van Ness.
Her sister, Mrs. de Ruyter, was her right
hand bower and the hours chased each
other so quickly that it was almost 12
when we arrived at the ball.
The guests whom Mis. Knight and Mrs.
Gentle had entertained at dinner came
just as we did. fcieieh Wagner aim Mr.
Greenway. who hud been a.x Mrs. Gers
ue s, mm me that they thought it was
but 11. Helen confessed that the sixty
minutes had slipped trom her wtule Bhe
was admiring tin- table decorations; But
Mr. Greenway was nut as frank. He
would net say where he had uiopped Ins
lost hour.
There were loads of people there, whom
I liiU not even know uy sight, but there
were enough "familiars" to feel at home.
And its much more interesting to >s
who is who than m always be sure of
Just what's what. There were dozens of
people thai 1 didn't get a chance to Bay
"good evening" to, but by 8 or 4 o'clOCK
we had said good morning. Jt was long
after ."> when we reached come.
Let X represent the belle of the ball.
Then solve the problem by any process
known if you can. 1 was determined to
iuul her. if such a creature is really in
our midst, so 1 put the question to every
"in- 1 knew. And from their answers 1
ran say conclusively that the. belle of th«
ball is an unknown quantity.
is it the prettiest girl or the most beau
tifully gowned girl or the most popular
girl? A combination of all three answer
the sages. But where, O wise men, will
you find this combination?
Kvery one, or almost every one, said
that Theresa Morgan had on the most
stunning gown in the room. Therese is
simply a genius when it comes to plan-
Ming a gown that is unlike lliat of any-
Dudy else. But then pa's rich and ma
don't care.
Josie .Loughborough and Ethel Patton
divided the honors among the younger
girls. Ethel's black gown was extremely
becoming. However, all the girls looked
so pretty that a modern Purls with a sin
gle apple would have made apple sauce of
it, to make it go round.
Two or thre.e people whispered secrets
into my ear at the ball because they know
1 never tell. Harry llolbrook told me the
tirst one to the tune of a two-step. After
he finished telling me it sounded more like
a funeral dirge. Harry Stetson is going
away forever and ever so long, to travel
around the world and all sorts of other
horrid things. It's dreadful to think of
TUP.F QUEEcN RETIRES.
The retirement of Mrs. Ella Offutl
Pepper from the turf, after one of the
most brilliant seasons of success ever
scored by a Kentucky devotee of the
thoroughbred, is considered a great loss
to turf sports. She had one of the best
stables out the past season. She placed
the horses in the hands of that astute
turfman and trainer, H. Eugene Leigh,
and his successful preparation and
selection of jockeys, coupled with his
skill in placing the horses in company
they could defeat, won for Mrs. Pepper
hug.' sums of money in stakes and
purses, and in bets with the book
makers. Stories are told of big amounts
being wagered on single events, and it
is said that on one race Mrs. Pepper
won besides the purse something like
$3000 from the layers of odds. When
the season was over many of her
friends advised her to keep the horses
and to race them next year, but she
declined 'this advise and offered the
horses at public outcry.
She shrewdly saw that the horses
would bring more money when their
prestige was fresh in the minds of pros
pective purchasers, besides, she would
be taking no risks on the horses dying
or getting out of condition. Then she
wanted the money for a purpose, and
that purpose was to assist her husband,
Colonel James E. Pepper, in again get
ting a controlling interest in the dis
tillery that bears his name. It will be
remembered that Colonel Pepper failed
during the early part of last year, and
that Mrs. Pepper, who had money in
her own right, bought in the property,
including the thoroughbreds.
Mrs. Pepper, who has been the means
of restoring the colonel to his old po
sition in the distillery, was one of the
most beautiful women in Kentucky,
When, as Miss Ella Offutt, she was a i
social favorite in Louisville, Shelby- !
vill. , Lexington and other Kentucky
Cities. — litxington Correspondence of
the Chicago Chronicle.
"I was injured, ma'am, by the burst-
Ins of a magazine," said the wayworn
tourist who was eating a cold luncheon
in the kitchen.
"In the war?"
"No, ma'am," he answered. "In New
York city. The .silent partner refused
to put up for it any longer. I was one of
the editors."— Chicago Tribune.
"I suppose," said Uncle Jerry Peebles, i
"the hottest place on earth is the stoke I
hole < f an iron battleship in action."
"There is one hotter," remarked Uncle
Allen Sparks. "It's the place where a
young husband sits when he carves his '
first turkey for company."— '
.Tribune. {-i?' '
■, ■ ♦ ■ • '
Parisians ent 100.000 horses, annually. '
—«
South Africa has a telephone system. < '
agan. Miss Mabel Spencer, Miss Charlotte
Schneider. Miss A. Majico, Miss Erllnda
Nowell, Miss K. Stella Roades, Master L.
Mojico, Andrew J. Branagan, Arthur
Folsome, Oscar McGillicuddy, Arthur
Parent and Alfreda Kubin. .
""Miss -Lillian Becker .-was given a birth
day party by her parents at her home,
42 Klgin Park avenue, January 7. Among
those present were: Miss Maude Forbes.
Miss Nellie Barrett. Miss Rose E. Marsch,
Miss Clara Weber, Miss Gertrude Hurtzig,
Miss Beatrice Carpenter. Miss Pauline
Utschig, Miss Christina Klaas, Miss Anna
P. Owen, Miss Josle Russi, Miss Alice
Longpre. Miss Minnie Huber, Miss Char
lotte Stone, Miss Edna M. Davis. Miss
Gladys/ 11. Samples and Miss Lillian
Becker.
* *. *
A very pleasant party was given re
cently to Miss Clarisse Bright at. her
home on Golden Gate avenue prior, to her
departure for New York. An excellent
musical programme was rendered during
the evening by the following young ladies
and gentlemen: Westly Homer, Clar
ence Calvin, Miss Juanita Morse. Miss
Emily Murphy. Miss 11. Agnes Murley,
Harry Carlin. Mrs. Agnes. Miss Clarisse
Bright. Ralph Meade and Dougl%s La
Vent.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Mansfeldt enter
tained Moriz Rosenthal at dinner on Fri
day of last week. Among the other guests
were Mrs. Isidor Jacobs. Fritz Scheel and
Henry "VVolfsohn of New York.
The second dance of the Colonials was
held in Foresters Hall on Wednesday
evening, January 11.
* . •
The marriage of Miss Lucile Magnin and
Mr. Stephen Seymond Ran will take place
JaniiHry 2". ;it the home of the bride.
Mrs. Frank J. French and sou, Harold
I his desertion when our ranks are already
so depleted by the army and navy..
Then the whispers of a big Mardl Gras
< ball that have plaj ed hide and seek
around the corridors of the Hopkins
house have been caught at last. It's to
be held February 11. But there's a se
-1 cret within this secret. It's really going
to be a society affair this year. That in.
it Mr. Qreenway am) a number of others
!;■ ep their promises to the managers. We
I girl 8 have all been approached, and we've
half promised to go. We're really dying
to, but we've never gone before, and the
• idea gives us a sort of burn-your-bridges,
cross -the- Rubicon feeling-.
Marie Oge told me something that I
promised I never would tell. I'm not go
ing to, either. But there isn't any harm
i in telling you that Mr. Williams has gone
ito South Africa. if I did not know that
; he has given his heart awaj I should say
i he carried a very heavy one with him.
For Marie has finally told him— but that
would be tellir.g. However, if you wish
■ to deduce your own conclusions from the
, data it is as simple as two plus two equals
four.
We rested up sufficiently to thoroughly
enjoy ihe Cinderella dance. We are get
ting to like the reflection of our best bib
and-tucker in the looking glass, and to
don it Quite often. All this season the
Cinderella* have held the palm over the
other cotillons for beautiful gowns and
jewels. At this last one. though, we even
outdid our former brave efforts to look
resplendent.
On Friday night we were to have had
the Greenway. But two nights of the
week had been spent tripping the light
fantastic, so wise mammas said "Nay,
nay, Ned." Therefore, it has been post
poned until the 27th.
All sorts of coming events are casting
their shadows before. They take the form
of teas, dinners and dances. But the one
which we are most eager for is the prom
is*<i ball in the new Spreokels house. It
is such a big, beautiful palace and so
! adapted to entertaining that we are all
standing: on the tlptot of < xpectation.
I called on Mary Bell (iwin and found
thre.- or four of the other girls there
having- a farewell "heart-to-heart." Mary
put an extra lump of sug-ar in our tea,
| but even that could not console us. She
; always lias such a glorious time when
she goes to New Orleans that T believe the
little traitor would willingly spend all her
time there. She did not even have a sus
picion of a tear when she said au revoir.
She says she will not be gone long, and
we try to believe it.
PegV, dear, I think I've told you all
that I should — perhaps a little bit more.
But I'm sun- you won't mind. The next
best thing' to being a gossip yourself is to
appreciate one. Lovingly,
FLORA McFLIMSY.
ADDITIONAL REDUCTIONS!
PHENOMENAL INDUCEMENTS OFFERED
THIS WEEK! THIS WEEK!
S®_x_xs><_x_xB®®(ix_x^^
Encouraged by the success of our Semi-Annual Reduction and Clearance Sale we have decided
to, this week, make a more determined effort to eclipse all previous results and establish this as a
banner week In. the history of our establishment.
Never did our house boast of such a number of GENUINE BARGAINS as may be obtained through-
out our every department at the present time. An early call and inspection of the offerings will at
once convince the public of the many advantages to be derived from the
COUNTLESS ATTRACTIONS OFFERED!
MEN'S WINTER LADIES' LADIES'
UN «™. AR ' JACKETS and CAPES. M » sli " u J««ear I
97 dozen MEN'S HEAVY VICUNA • ' At $6.50, !
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW- ' - cro , _ LADIES' TAFETTA SILK AND i
ERS: finished with overstitched At $_£.4D. SATIN SHIRT WAISTS- back <
seams and warranted fast color; LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS; : and front finished with fine i
regular price, $1 2o; will be of- value for $5; sale price, $2 45 each tucks; waist lined throughout- <
fered at 75c each. . • . ■ ... extra good value for $10 00- will <
. . be offered at $6 50. . " ,
At 75 Cents. > At '"%ji go /*<- "cTo-. h
62 dozen MEN'S UNDYED WOOL At 3>4.yU. At $1.25. :.; ■-«
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW- LADTES'KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS; LADIES' ALL-WOOL WAISTS in <
ERS; warranted shrunk; good value for $8 50; sale price, $4 90 each. checks and plaids, trimmed with 4
value for $1 25; will be offered black braid; extra good value at \
at 75c each. ' ' "■ ' ■ Jl 75; will be offered at Jl 25. <
\+. <t>7 =rrk ■■ ■•■■■■'-' t
At 90 Cents. i 4dtfs'Kfrsft n oth tapk-vts. :L . . Af- jtJ>()o {
Al tIU OenCh ' LADIES'KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS t atStt^'X" ATT wnnT * -ca-vz-i-o- t
35 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE value for $12 50; sale price, $7.50 * L pt?aiD WAISTS?!?^ *ht NC 7
VICUNA UNDERSHIRTS AND each. AISTS. lined through- '
DRAWERS: regularly sold at At $2-45- ■ U J; f e » tstyle make; extra i
$1 50; will beared at ?0c each. M $2>4g> Jg* fgrU ,o, .ill be of- J
At Less Than Cost of Manufacture, ladies' g PLusH e capes; for At 75 Cents# j
All odd garments of Wool and " LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL !
Merino UNDERSHIRTS AND - NIGHT GOWNS, in striped and !
DRAWERS, together with about A* S4 95 ■ plain flannels; extra good value 1
10 dozen manufacturers' sam- .w. for $1 25; will be offered at 75c !
pies, will be closed out at less LADIES' PLUSH CAPES: value for ■ - • — — ! ' J
than cost of manufacture. :• - . $8 50; sale price, $4 95 each. " ; > SPECIAL KID GLOVES' !
Hn^lF T T?V '' •" A* l^r _c- " 38 dozen ladies': 2-clasp and 4-but- J
11UOIJL*I\ I • ! -At $7.45. • ton, also 8-button length. MOUS- ;
At 23 Cents. ' ladies- plush capes-, length. 27 ; Sm^iSSi B^??- od d sizes>
rtl xo Cllt »« - inches; value for $12 50; sale price, . w ?", De closed out at
. 300 p S?t coTTON R HosE M in C 2 $7 45each - ±-r Less Thanjialf Price, j
iaffi^ At $3,00. . . At,SI.OO a ' Pair. J
sale at 23c the pair. MISSES' GOLF CAPES, brown, navy LADIES' 2-CLASP "MARGUER- \
At 10 Cents. :. \ Jo^JL'SS^w ofSSS!' . pYlme l E am T b ß^lovlS. A cS J
300 dozen CHILDREN'S ■• FAST ' ■ oxblood, tan, rho4ft. greea. ;
BLACK COTTON HOSE, with . . brown,.. slate pearl, butter and j
double heels and soles, in all , - white; .also black; v.-orth $1 25; J
sizes; worth $2 50 dozen; will be T A f\ICC' IVD i IYDE DC ■• » ' sale price $1 00 a pair. Every !
on sale at 10c pair. .. .... LAI/lCj VI KAI i CKS« .pair guaranteed and fitted. J
At 20 Cents. — At $1.25 a Pair. <
200 dozen CHILDREN'S FANCY • . At T5 cents. =32 dozen 'LADIES'. 2-CLASP NEW- I
MACO COTTON HOSE in a : /••; A t 75 CentS. ,;. . PORT. " FRENCH
number of patterns, including; -LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAP- KID, all colors and black; a per- J
Roman stripes; usual' price, $4 50 .", PERS; value for $1 23; sale price, \ fect_ fit guaranteed; sale price, J
dozen; in all sizes at 20c the pair. ■ • 75c each. : ' ; ■ ■$125 a pair. _^ J
(/If Murphy BuHdlnar, ■■»:' {/[/ Murphy Bulldlnar, -^ . l/i_r Murphy Bulldlnc J \
Mariet anil Jones Streets. . Mariet aii Jones Streets. Mariet ani Junes Streets. \
French are stopping at the Alexandria.
mPss Helen F.T«cFarland accompanied
by her sister Mrs. W. H. Schaa.r. Ed
in Los Angeles on Saturday morning,
where they wfll remain for an indefinite
- Pe Mr d ' and Mrs. Rosenbach; (nee Kor
■ per; will receive at 1133 Turk street to
'%J r enJsl™n?^announced of M.ss
Sarah Bur to Samuel Cohn (nee
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Goldstein (nee
BIS EVENTS IJi RELIGION FOR, 1899.
By Rev. Heber Newton.
IIIESTTATE at the office which you
kindly ask me to assume. The
prophet's mantle does not slip
easily upon my shoulders. I find
hindsight much easier than fore
sight. Nevertheless, I am convinced
that the coming year, the last year of
our present century, is fraught with big
events. Occult and mystic thought for
a long time looked ahead to the close
of this century as to a critical era. The
old evangelicalism of theology, inter
preting the Old Testament prophecies,
expected the coming of Christ some
where in the latter part of this century.
As we understand the second coming of
Christ, it means a great spiritual re
formation, or renaissance, or reviving,
or a new illumination, a row vlvlflea
tion of Christendom. There are many
things that look like the fulfillment.
even In the last year of this century,
of this belief of our fathers.
One of the curious things connected
with this occult and mystic and pro
phetic onlooking of the end of this cen
tury is the confident expectation of our
evangelical fathers that the Old Testa
ment prophecies would be literally ful
filled In the return of the Jews to the
Holy Land. Surely the Zionist move
A WOMAN'S PpiDE
I will not look for him. I will not hear
My heart's loud beating, as 1 strain to see
(Vcross the rain forlorn and hopelessly.
Nor, starting, think 'tia he that draws so
near.
I will forget how tenderly and dear
Iff might in coming hold his arms to me,
For 1 will prove what woman's pride
<mii he ■
When faint love lingers in the darkness
drear.
I will not— ah, but should he come to
night
I think my life, might break thro very
bliss,
This little will should be so torn apart.
That all my soul might fall in golden
And let me die; so do I long for this.
Ah, love, thine eyes— nay, love— thy heart,
thy heart!
—Helen Hay's New Book of Poems.
Frnnce has the best army in the
world — on paper. Insulted by England, I
afraid of Germany, uncertain of Rus- \
sia, and, worse than all, uncertain of
herself, she lacks a number of things, j
but most, perhaps, a man. It is ru- |
mored that there Is a coup d'etat in !
preparation, and that presently the j
man will appear. The latter is Napo
leon V. We must not believe every
thing we see in the papers, yet, should
the rumor be correct, he would not be j
unwelcome. In the present circum
stances a word or two concerning him
may be of interest.
At present a colonel of the Guards at
St. Petersburg, he has three character
istics. He is a great chap with the
girls. That is promising. He wears no
decorations. That is the mark of a
really distinguished soldier. He insists
on being addressed as "imperial high
ness." That is the prelude to "sire."
Still young, good looking, without being
alarmingly so, at his hours what the
' irnrk) have returned from their bridal trip
! sf/ will be pleased to see their friends
at their reßidence. 1919 Sutter street. Sat
uiday. January 21. < .^ _
4hP Woman's Institute in London has
miUished a ''Lexicon of it Employments
For Women" from which it appears that
X Trf'in England female cab an
Closters ' • c cattle r dealers, . auctioneers
I and ,ne locomotive engineer. ;. ;
ment, so full of vitality, looks strangely
like this word of the ancient writ. Per
haps we may have to revise some of our
notions concerning the Old Testament
prophecies should such an event come
to pass.
One thing that greatly interests me
as a forecast of tho close of the century
is the remarkable movement toward re
ligious unity, which 1 egan, as far as an
outward pxnr-ssion of It goes, in the
World's Parliament of Religion in Chi
cago, and which has continued since in
the Congress of Liberal Religions h> |
each year in some great city of
•West— though attracting little notice in
the East. The next meeting is to be
held somewhere East this coming year:
! and the following year it is hoped thnt
the meeting will be in London. This
: Congress brings together every variety
j of Protestantism, together with Cathol-
i cism, and not only Christianity, but
' Judaism and Ethical Culture, and. In
1 truth, every form of religious thought
and life which is represented in this
country. The meetings have been thor
oughly outspoken, with no concealment
of personal belief or abatement of per
sonal conviction, as yet the sympathy
and tolerance and underlying unity
have been manifested beyond precedent
— giving most auspicious promise of the
dawning of the day when there shall be
I indeed a symphony of religions.
yOUR FipST BALL.
i.
A strain from a violin, delicate sweet.
A sound as of tapping and . slipping: of
feet, s -.'-
A swishing of skirts, an embarrassing:
fall—
Of such are the memories of your first
ball. n
11.
A pair of grave eyes looking tender with
love,
Some half-conscious sighs as he picked
up your glove.
His name on your card in a masculine
scrawl — \
Yes, such are your memories of your first
ball.
111.
A dreamland all peopled with worshiping
knights,
A dreamland where all other ■women were
frights,
A dreamland that never existed— that's
all
That remains of the memories of your
first ball. —New York Times.
—«■
French call charmeur, he has succeeded
lln charming the Czar. In view of
France's spaniel crouch at that door
[ this means a good deal. His name, too.
!Is potent. Napoleon may rhyme with
j Sedan, but it rhymes even better with
Austerlitz. r.V.";-\i-W <:.{■
"But why," it has been asked, "should
the grandson of Jerome Bonaparte be
Napoleon V? For two reasons. First,
j because the Prince Imperial would have
been Napoleon IV — would have been,
that is, provided other things were fav
orable; second, because there is luck in
odd numbers — particularly in his fam
ily. It is worth noting- that the third
Emperor, in spite of the King of Rome,
intended to call himself Napoleon II;
but after the coup d'etat! when his
name was billposted, that which the
printer had intended for three exclama
tion points after it was mistaken
the numeral 111. Being of good augury,
it was accepted. It is in this way -that
history is made. — Collier's "Weekly. ■ .Jeweled Garters:
Fashion's Latest Fad
SAXTA CLAUS did not forget tn
girls who have graduated from
school life Into Hfe's school. He
filled their stockings brimful end
left at least one. ofttlmes half a
dosen. pairs of beautiful garters
•■/ -^not to -hold up the gift-laden stockings,
•.' ' .'but to be worn by the maidens who,lovc
• : 10. fasten their stockings with bejeweled,
:-V- Ibboned and bedecked garters. -
•■■"Time was when these baubles were left
'• V" entirely to actresses. "My lady'? wore
: '■:'. those made of modest silk, elastic, the
*.. ?•". -shade itching the ribbons decorating
.".•' -the undergarments. Even this was some
'■[''■'. tini.*- held foolish and plain black silk
garters were most popular.
!" But gradually the display of the costly
garter in all ti scintillating seductlve
;."• ' Vipss hind the footlights had its effect
. ".■'""'. on lie world's wife. Madam bought a
■ • pair of severely plain gold or silver
buckles tor her black silk garters.
I" .From that moment the plain garter's
• : career was doomed to slow but certain
■ death.
So the twentieth century garter, brazen
pring of poor but honest parents,
llaiints triumphantly through the seasons,
". becoming giddier and gaining a stronger
■'„.' foothold— or kneehold, rather — year.
'• ' I have asked dozens of girls about tht ir
preference In the matter of garters. They
all nf.ss.-.i to a decided fancy for elab
onrte and expensi' ones. Moreover, they
•.• all 'possessed one or more pairs that grat
• ltied their desire. The most popular holi
day gift this year, from a girl friend, was
•."•..'a irter buckle. A.I the leading jewelry
.-.' -stores handled them in unusually large
•quantities. The sale was enormous, and
as a result many girls have a different
, pair for each day in the week.
■ •.. Both side and round garters bear elab
orate gold and silver buckles upon their
elastic length. Side garters for health,
•■ tout ■ ir wealth, round garters. For the
. round rters give the manufacturer a
better chance to make a display of jew
. els. A round garter with a buckle en
crusted with sparkling diamonds was
made to order as a gift for one of our
fashionable dames.
The more your garters sparkle with
precious stones the better.
A favorite garter. is a fleur-de-lis in gold.
.Another represents a four-leaved clover,
and still another a horseshoe and four
leaved clover combined.
• Four-leaf clovers are put through a
•preservative process and then used. A
■ : • feur-leaved clover; which perhaps last
"summer from its hiding place made
-••.; fragrant the air in some field, to-day
:"•': graces my lady's garter incased in glass
■„ ' and framed in gold.
: ■; Miniatures framed in gold are fancied
by those wishing something less expen
slv.e than the gem covered beauties. Very
much less expensive are the silver garter
buckles studded with stones. Imitation
• . amethysts, garnets, topazes or turquoises
are used in decorating the sterling or ox
•- idized buckles.
..." "Old Glory" in enamel has found favor
• : '.in the eyes of the patriotic girl during the
« last few months, and until "Johnnie
" . Comes Marching Home" this design will
• ■• "be-in demand. One fortunate maiden hf> ?
- ' a garter clasp representing a flag. Rubles,
. .' .diamonds and sapphires are set in the
.. ©old buckles In star shape, forming the
••••patriotic red, white and blue.
_' Put the oddest conceit of all is a garter
buckle conveniently designed to carry a
.'",, picture. If her " 'art is true" the same
'•" picture rests undisturbed. But the fickle
:• maiden finds each new moon another
' -.face looking out from the tiny circlet of
•. '"' K°.ld- So though the modern maid does
•.not wear her heart on her sleeve, she
'..■does sometimes wear it on her stocking.
V ••••■:. . The Modiste's Woes.
I have been making a tour of the
dressmakers' shops and I have stumbled
''■,'•' upon- a very amazing fact. Dressmakers'
■ have always carried havoc in their
\*;ike. But the comic weeklies have al
ways laid the scene at the breakfast
He" <lo!np the gnashing of teeth,
"She" the weeping and wailing.
..'•■•'.. \Vell, the dressmakers are having their
■ ■■*rnnHl*»?, too. over these self-same bins.
For they say that though their prices are
♦he same as ever and their customers as
. ' . plentiful, tneir profits are much less. And
• • they do not dare to raise their prices
they, bewail their fate.
-■*.. ■ •Tho reason for the falling off in profits
li|.!this; A dressmaker cannot turn out as
• many Rnyrns a week as of yore. There is
so much work on each gown that it keeps
' -the "hands" twice as long on each gar
■-. rrient as formerly. Any gown that verges
■ on plainness is sent to a tailor. Elaborate
: . calling, dinner and ball gowns fall to the
'. aressmakers 1 lot.
■ There are countless spangles to be
: -.«ew"efl on, intricate designs to be worked
whole overskirts of chenille to be
. " sewed 'together after some pattern; in
fact, however simple the tout ensemble
there have been countless more stitches
put in than were necessary in the gowns
of yesterday.
And however elaborate the bodice it
. ' twust be close fitting, so that several flt
■ tlrigs are always necessary-
: Gray Reception Gowns.
Gray seems to be the favorite color this
for reception gowns. The hand
-■ one i have seen was worn by a
j: matron at Mrs. Mills' tea. The
•=kirt is of a very delicate shade of pearl
It Is in tunic effect, but the skirt
• « really all in one piece, with an attached
flounce, which is quite deep at the back.
' but in front very narrow. The skirt is
perfectly plain in back, fastening on one
did where It fastens begins a ruffle
down to the foot of the skirt
then broadens Into a wide flounce.
The jacket is of gra> satin, tight fitting
. ha^k. and open in front to show a
waistcoat covered with ruffles of
v lace. The entire jacket Is em
i.rrjd.-red with half-moons in st^el
gles. There are wide revers and a
collar at the bark. This is a gown
ming to either blonde or bru-
>
Barbaric Boas.
The new fur boas are simply barbaric—
itiful, may he. but pronouncedly con
spicuous. ' They are immense in size and
• apii arf finished with fac-similes of
the original head, paws and tails. Many
. to \hf knees, some quite to the hem
of the-, skin. All this array of the fero
-lous la aided by the btg muff, with its
paws and tails, and it is little won
r Flowers Used for Trimming Are Perfumed Like the Natural Blossoms.
der that the caricaturist finds In the
swellest habiliments of fur his richest
resources.
FRILLS
OF FASHION
THE latest hat in Paris is shaped very
much like a square breastplate, with
a narrow turned-up brim and me
dium crown, and loaded down with
flowers of all sorts and kinds.
Hand-painted mouspc-line de sole is the
material for your most elegant evening
dress if you would bo In the latest fashion.
These gowns are made with tunics edged
with tine lare. and the painting is done
after they are cut and fitted, so that each
seam is decorated, and the color is used
to give the effect of shading down from
the bodice, deepening in tone to the edge.
One novel feature of the season's even-
Ing sleeve is the open space just below the
point of the shoulder when a long or el
bow length transparent sleeve is worn. A
narrow strap extend? over the shoulder,
and ihe top of the sleeve is cut away in a
sort of half-moon to show the prettiest
part of the arm.
Belts have become bo conspicuous a fea
ture of .lress that a whole volume might
I- written about them without giving an
accurate description of the beauty and
variety which meet your eye at every
turn. A succession of enameled flower's
with diamond centers strung together,
with a space between, on two gold chains,
is one of the exj>ensive novelties; but
there are all sorts of silver, gilt, oxidized.
silver, and fancy metal belts and buckles
for from $4 up to a very much higher
price. The particular one you want usu
ally runs up in price, but very pretty
buckles can be purchased for |3. Any
width of belt seems to go: the important
thing is to have a belt; Dut the very nar
row ones are most generally liked, and
vastly more becoming than the wide
ones. They give a touch of brightness to
the gown which nothing else can, and
belts of some description are worn with
every sort of gown, whether it is for
evening or day use, and with every sort
of a coat, long or short.
Brown cloth gowns seem to have
pained favor late in the season, and the
soecial fancy for trimming is a mixture
of orange and blue. Violet cloth, em
broidered in white moire applique with
Mack and steel. Is also very pretty with
brown and the usual accessories of cream
lace.
Gold thread is worked in with chenille
in many of the new embroideries, and
braid mixed with lace and chenille Is an
other combination in trimming.
CYRANO
CHAINS
SDME wiseacre should make remarks
upon the prevalence of several sorts
of endless chains. The windows of
the shops where jewelry novelties
are sold are hung with countless strings
of colored glass beads, named for un
known reasons "Cyrano" chains. The
fancy for wearing purse or lorgnette or
ether knicknack on a long chain around
\hf neck has revived and Increased. Some
chains are composed entirely of uncolored
cut crystals the siae of peas. Others are
of alternating black and white, blue and
white, brown and white, all pearls, all
amber, or, choicest in the ordinary collec
tion, cut and polished coral, alternating
with fine crystals. Every dress color may
be matched in these glass bits, and it is
the thing for a girl who can afford it to
own half a dozen Cyrano chains, in as
many hues, to blend with her costumes.
She who cannot revel in much glass se
lects beads of black or white or blue and
white. It Is becoming unusual to see a
carefully dressed woman without some
trinket on a fanciful string around h«r
neck.
UNIQUE
EARINGS
THE present craze for earrings has
found many women whose ears have
not been pierced, and women often
hesitate to inflict upon themselves
what will be a disfiguration when the
fashion shall have gone the way of all
fashions. But the new earrings need no
piercing: of ears, for they are simply a
bit of gold filigree that catches the lobe
of the far and may or may not support
jewels, says a New York exchange. Neck
chains are worn with every kind of a cos
tume, and heavy gold ones, with no rai
son d'etre save to carry a locket or orna
ment, are becoming more and more pop
ular. A profusion of Jewels seems to be
the fashion this season, and the jewelers
pronounce the ruby to be the most fash
ionable stone. It is the proper clasp for
the pearl dog collar that is worn even
with elaborate high-necked gowns.
BRACELETS
THE RAGE
EVERY girl who aspires to keep pace
with the changing fancies of fash
___ ion is wearing or wishes to wear a
" plain, heavy gold circle on her left
wrist. Just now this is the popular fad in
bracplc-tp. and '.t bids fair to supersede
the lock and chain, which style has been
in favor for some time past. It Is simply
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
a large ring, without opening, not unlike
the plain gold ring for the finger, about a
quarter to half on Inch broad, and is, of
course, large enough to slip over the
hand. The simplicity of this dainty or
nament is in pleasing contrast to the
lavishment of design snown in most of the
accessories of the toilet at present, and
this accounts doubtless for a part of its
popularity.
Though the plain ones are most in de
mand, some very pretty bracelets are fin
ished with from one to seven stones set
across the back. For this purpose tur
quoise is the most popular stone, though
all of the semi-precious stones are used,
particularly those which are opaque, as
this bracelet is supposed to be worn at
all times.
The very newest thing in bracelets for
evening wear is a narrow gold ring with
a bangle, which is formed of a single
chain about four or five Inches long, set
at short intervals with large stones.
Each gem is different, and all are ar
ranged with deference to some definite
color scheme, one shade blending gradu
ally Into or else contrasting sharply with
the next.
WRAPS HUG
THE FIGURE
\ — -a VERYTHING now points to an ap-
p 73 parent narrowing of the whole fig-
L ? ure. The shoulder seams are longer,
the sleeves are smaller, and the
princess lines will for successfully built
grwns prove fatal to belts and girdles of
all kinds. Long, narrow skirts in double,
effects increase daily, and to add to the
effect of height and slenderness, the new
est trains are narrow and somewhat
scant, terminating in quite a decided
point. Closely fitting shoulder capes of
rur hug the figure and run down to round
ed or pointed ends behind, while they are
COTILLION FAVORS WILL BE WORN BY THE DANCER 3.
still much shortened in front, and so great
is the closeness of some wraps in this
style that certain ones have silts to let
the hands out at each side. These nar
rower effects have one point in their favor
—they are certainly warmer than the
erstwhile stiffened flutes. Even the flar
ing collar, with its ruffled fullness, has
given place to the close dog collar in
many wraps for theater, carriage or the
promenade.
Bath is suffering from an epidemic of
twins, six sets having been recently
contributed by colliers' wives in the Earl
of Warwick's colliery, near the city, and
two others providing triplets.
A woman came out of a tailor's estab
lishment on G street Wednesday morn
ing and I could not but turn and stare
at hrr. On her left forefinger sat an im
perturbable parrot. There was a faint
suggestion of frosty sting In the sunny
Hints on How to Be Beautiful.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
FROM the vast number of distress
ful wails that come to me from
all directions I have about de
cided that superfluous hair is the
source of more anxiety and worry
to womankind than almost any
other facial blemish. Even the first gray
hair, which strikes siich horror to a
woman's soul— also the first wrinkle—are
obliged to take a back seat as a cause of
unhapplness to the mind feminine. It cer
tainly would be much more civil of the
hair if it would prow "on the top of the
head, in the place where the hair ought to
grow," Instead of persisting in distrib
uting Itself all over the "face, where well
regulated hair has no business to grow.
To get rid of it is an easy matter, but to
prevent its coming back is much more
difficult. Even if it would come back
alone and unattended one might put up
with Jt, but in almost every case' not only
does it persistently return, but it brings
with it all "its sisters and Its cousins
and Its aunts."
There are two kinds of superfluous hair.
There Is a kind called lanugo, which is
mere down, soft and often very thick in
growth, that appears upon the upper lip,
the lateral parts of the face and upon
the outer side of the arms.
The other kind of superfluous hair con
sists of stiff, Isolated hairs, that are often
seen upon the chin and upper lip, par
ticularly In women of dark complexion.
The same treatment does not equally
suit both. t • ■■--■■
There are several methods by which
superfluous hair may be removed. The
commonest of these is by means of depil
atory powders, which are usually com
posed of sulphide of '• arsenic or caustic
lime. These however, merely burn the
hairs off and, of course, the roots being
unaffected, the hairs will reappear ana
the depilatory must be used again.
There : has ■ "never been any article made
that could kill the roots without destroy
ing the skin.
The second method -of removing super
fluous hairs Is by means of tweezers or
of a resin stick, which is heated to melt
lo« DOinL put on the balar part and after
air, and Master Parrot was fortified
against it. He wore a coat, or a blanket,
or whatever you like to call it, of green
velvet, made of two pieces, just the shape
of a turtle's shell. One piece hung over
his chest. The other protected his back,
and the two pieces were Joined to a kind
of collar. A bicycle stood at the curb
stone. The lady set the utterly self-pos
sessed bird on the handle bar, mounted
and rode away. I said to myself that ob
viously there was a woman who was—
well, who had been having "Miss" on her
visiting card since hoop skirts were In
fashion, but when I asked the very next
woman I met about it she told me that
the parrot's mistress not only has a huß
band. but a real live baby, too.—Washing
ton Post.
JtyWE; YOU BEE^ TJtIGKED
By TrilS MAN ?
PERHAPS you have already
bought nine flower pots with
choice plants. If so, commisera
tions!
Perhaps you have not bought
nine flower pots with choice plants.
If so, felicitations!
For though countless people in this
city have paid for the privilege of pos
sessing those self-same pots, not one
of the purchasers has ever so much as
caught a whiff of their fragrance.
The reason is a simple one. The
plants are not children of the sun and
dew and earth. They are nothing but
the bloßsoms of an impostor's imagina
tion.
So if a glib, fairly well-dressed man
offers to let you have nine tlower Dots
providing you pay for moving them,
hold fast to him. He's the man half
of San Francisco is looking for. When
they find him, his flower-strewn nath
will be changed to one of thorns.
He is In the flower business, but he
does not ply his trade with gardener's
Implements. A ready tongue, a facile
wit and a convincing manner are his
stock in trade.
With variations, to suit the occasion,
the following ia the pitfall which he
digs for his victims:
"Hello, Jones, old man!"
Jones — Hello! (aside) where have I
met this fellow?
"Still living on Webster street,
Jones?"
Jones — Yes; same place.
"Well 1 helped an expressman move
a family out of that neighborhood, and
they left nine flower puts with mighty
fine plants. Landlord doesn't want
them. Thought perhaps you might."
Jones — Of course I do. My wife is
crazy about flowers. But how can I
get them?
"Well, I could bring them to the
house. They're too heavy to carry at
once, though. I'll have to take the car
and make several trips."
Jones — All right; here's a dollar.
That's all right, don't mention It; you
don't know how much car fare It will
take. They're dirt cheap at that. Much
By Mn)c. Hygeia.
a moment's contact with the skin sharply
withdrawn, when, of course, the hairs wiil
come with It.
However, when pulled with tweezers or
removed In this" way, it but scatters the
rooi, as a rule, and three or four hairs
will return in the place of the one re
moved.
Then there is the solvent method, which
claims to dissolve the roots. It is neces
sary to use the tweezers or resin stick in
connection with this method, which is sup
posed to dissolve the natural fat of the
hair follicles and thereby render the
hairs loose and easy* to pluck out.
I^astly, there is the galvanic method,
which is known as electrolysis. This con
sists of inserting a needle as fine as a hair
Into the hair follicle anfi destroying the
hair by the electric current. This loosens
the hair, which Is then removed by means
of tweezers. A slight redness sometimes
followed by the formation of a jOletit
pustule, results from the operation, which,
however, soon disappears. If the opera
tor is skillful and experienced no scar
should result.
Even this method is not always success
ful, for If the base of the follicle is not
reached by the needle the hair will sprout
again and the operation will have to be
repeated. Of course electrolysis is only
applicable to the separate, stiff hairs, as
it would be an Intolerably tedious pro
cess if applied to mere down, and the time
and trouble it would Involve would cost
a fortune.
A smoothly cut piece of pumice stone
rubbed over the face each day, will keep
the hairs worn down to the surface of
the skin so that they are not discernible'
Or, if the hairs are dark, apply
peroxide of hydrogen, to which a little
liquid ammonia has been added. The
peroxide will bleach the hairs and the
ammonia will sometimes deaden the little
pests after long usage.
The down or soft hair, which grows on
nearly every one's cheeßs. it is much
wiser to leave severely alone. It is not
nearly as noticeable to others as we
fancy it is. and a depilatory powder Is
almost certain to make the hair grow In
coarser and thicker.
• • •
Answers to Correspondents.
M. V. W.-I think you will find the com
obliged to you. Come and have some
thing before you go.
So in addition to pocketing all the
way from 25 cents to $1 on this scheme
this flower-pot fraud usually gets some
liquid refreshment in addition. And
worst of all, Mr. J. immediately tele
phones home to Mrs. J.
"Hello! 11
"I've got some new plants for you,
beauties."
"What kind? Oh, pinks, and two Am
erican Beauties, and — I forget what the
rest are. I think he said nine.
"No, no, not much. I don't have to
buy them. They're in pots already,
pretty ones, too. Good-by."
Then for two long days Mr. and Mrs.
J. watch in vain for the plants that
never come. At nightfall Mr. J. steals
out, a sadder and wiser man. and by
patronizing the florists, quiets a mock
ing tongue.
This plant philanthropist does not
show any undue partiality toward his
own sex. Almost as many women
have been duped. He wards off sus
picion by jocularly remarking as he de
parts with the necessary money to
move the plants: "Don't be surprised
if I never come back. I may spend this
in riotous living." His seemingly hon
est countenance and this joking man
ner of throwing suspicion on himself
are marvelous aids in disposing of
these übiquitous nine flowering pots.
Some very queer coincidences have
developed from the purchase of these
vanishing flower pots.
A prominent merchant on Kearnv
street bought them. Now he can tell
at a glance whether a fabric is all-wool
or not. But the flower faker pulled the
wool over his eyes on the flower pot
question.
It happened that on the same even
ing after the salad was served, his
wife casually mentioned that she had
bought a bargain.
Now the merchant, being in the bar
gain business, objects to his wife buy
ing bargains. He has marked $20 suits
down to $30 too often himself to be
caught at the bargain counter.
"Nonsense," he answered. "But that
reminds me, my dear, I captured what
you'd call a bargain to-day that really
is a bargain."
"But so is mm«," protested the wife.
"I bought some flowers for "
"Flowers!" interrupted the merchant,
"and paid fancy florist's prices for
them, of course. Now, I bought some
plants myself tc-day. How much do
you think I paid for them?"
"But thty can't be as cheap us those
I bought, i got mine for nothing, just
had to pay the man for moving thorn."
"Moving them!" and the merchant
pricked up his ears.
"Where are those plants?"
"They haven't come yet. I guess the
rain kept the man from bringing them."
The next instant both explanations
clashed together. Both husband and
wife had bought the plants. Their
stories dovetailed exactly. Same man,
same flower pots, same plants — two
roses, two pinks, etc.
plexion brushes In any of the large drug
stores, or any place where complexion
articles are carried. A fairly good one
costs about 75 cents, although the higher
priced ones, of course, are better. If you
do not succeed in finding one send me a
stamped addressed envelope, and I will
send you the name of a man who keeps
them.
GRACE— You are right when you say
that true beauty comes from wiihln, for
thore is nothing under the blue dome so
beautifying as sweetness, brightness and
good nature. However, we can add to
these cleanliness, health and a few nice
dabby little things to put on our cheeks
and noses. I don't particularly approve
of using pure cream on the skin, for I
think it makes it more susceptible to the
effects of wind and sunlight. You are
too young to begin "fixing up," as you ex
press it. A little harmless powder will
not injure your complexion, but don't, I
beg of you, use rouge. Get the roses of
health in your cheeks by following a
strictly hygienic method of living, such
an I have given rules for many times in
these talks. After cleansing the skin
with tepid water and castile soap mas
sage it gently with the orange flower skin
food. When the skin seems dull and life
less a patting exercise will help It. By
this I mean just a gentle tattoo with this
fingers over the entire face. I think the
following astringent wash will be better
for your skin than the cucumber milk, on
account of the coarse pores: Take a half
pint bottle and place in it three table
spoonfuls of eau de cologne. Shake well
and add very slowly half an ounce of
simple tincture of benzoin, shaking the
mixture now and then. Fill the bottle
with elder flower water. Be sure that
there are no settlings In the benzoin else
it will be apt to curdle the lotion. This
will whiten the skin and gradually con
tract the pores. If, when washing the
hair, you will use as a shampoo the yolk
of an egg, well beaten In a pint of dis
tilled water, and one ounce of rosemary
spirits I think you will find the hair will
bo left quite soft and glossy. Wash and
mapsage the scalp thoroughly with this
and be sure and rinse in three or four
waters. The corset waist spoken of I fear
cannot be gotten here, unless made to
order. Those that I saw. were in, th*
A SHORT-SKIRTED COSTUME FOR MUDDY WEATHER THAT IS CHIC AS WELL AS
SENSIBLE.
East. Ido not want you to even think
of making any sort of return to me for
any advice that I may give you. lam
pleased to answer ajiy questions that may
be put to me. That is what lam here
for. Write again.
BESSIE D.— The hair tonic that you
had prepared will do equally as well as
the one I advised. They are practically
the same. If you will always use the
yolks of two eggs well beaten with a
pinch of borax and a pint of warm water
when you wash your hair the golden tints
will be less likely to vanish.
LYDIA— I would rather not give for
mula for a depilatory powder. In fact, I
have none that I am perfectly sure would
prove harmless. However, you can get
them in any drug store, if you wish to
take the chances. The pumice stone will
have exactly the same effect. Possibly
to-day's Beauty Talk will contain a hint
for you.
L. H. S. — You ask about oily skins. Last
Sunday's Beauty Talk contained a fund
of information on this point. An excel
lent bust and neck food is made by mix
ing equal parts of cocoa-butter, lanoline
and cocoanut oil. No, I really do not think
that hair can be made to grow upon a
hfad that has been bald for years. At
any rate I have no knowledge of any pro
cess by which such a result might be
brought about. I am sorry.
MiSS H. — I have never known of a case
similar to yours. Were I in your place
I should aiso hesitate to use grease of
any sort upon my face. There is some
thing abnormal about such a condition
and my best advice to you would be to
consult a skilled dermatologist. The cu
cumber lotion cannot possibly injure your
skin and may be allied undiluted with a
small sponge or soft cloth. Once a day
will be often enough to apply it. Use the
following tonic on the falling hair: Four
ounces eau de cologne, one-half ounce
tincture of cantharides, and one-fourth
dram each of oil of lavender and oil of
rosemary. Apply to the roots once or
twice a "day with a small sponge. Sham
poo every ten days with the liquid soap,
formula for which was given last Sunday
in reply to Pacific. Did you see it?
EAST OAKLAND— I think you will find
all the Information you wish in to-day's
Beauty Talk. The dermatologist that you
went to Is all right as far as removing
superfluous hairs is concerned. A tonic
made of equal parts of cocoanut oil and
vaseline will make the eyelashes grow,
but I always hesitate to recommend it, as
it is exceedingly difficult to apply with
out getting it into the eyes. If any of
it does get into the eyes it will smart and
the eyes become inflamed.
MISS ANNETTE JONES— Do not try
to reduce the size of your bust except by
a general reducing of flesh, which can be
A GOWN OF MAUVE MOIRE, TRIMMED WITH RUCHINGS OF MOUSSELINE Df
SOIE, APPLIED IN REDINGOTE. THE CORSAGE IS MADE WITH TWO LONG
POINTED FRONTS OF IRISH GUIPURE, SO SHAPED THAT THEY MEET
UNDER A CRISP BLACK BOW WIRED IN LOUIS XVI FORM,
accomplished by careful dieting. All sort*
of injuries can come about by trying rem
edies that are said to intake the bust
smaller.
MAUD— For the excessive perspiration
put a little baking powder in your bath,
Maud, and after drying- the body care
fully dust the parts affected with a pow
der made of one part horacic acid, two
parts of precipitated chalk and seven
parts of powdered talcum.
BLUE EYES— A lunar causticpencil will
remove the wart. Touch the center of the
■wart lightly with the pencil once a day,
taking great care not to get caustic on
any other part of the skin. The wart
will turn black and gradually disappear.
If the wart is very large I would advise
you to go to a dermatologist to have it
removed. As it is on the eyebrow of
course any of the hairs that are touched
with the pencil will fall also.
ARDATH— The hair will continue to fall
so long as you do not get rid of the dan
druff on your scalp. The following rem
edy I am quite sure will help you: Forty
eight grains of resorcin. one-half ounce of
glycerine and alcohol enough to fill a two
ounce bottle. Apply once a day with a
sponge. Shampoo the hair every two
weeks with the liquid soap referred to in
foregoing reply to Miss H. I do not care
for tar soap for the hair. Its qualities
are very much overestimated. Let me
know how you progress.
MISS AGNES— lsn't it singular that
gray hair is considered so beautiful by
every one, save the unhappy possessor of
it? There is nothing that will darken the
hair but a dye, and. really, I wouldn't
rest well at night if I felt that I had
been a party in a hair-dying scheme. I
think what your haJr needs is nourish
ment at the roots. A very little olive oil.
slightly warmed and well rubbed into the
scalp with the tips of the fingers will
help you. I am sure. If you will take an
iron tonic, prescribed by a physician per
haps those little white hairs will become
discouraged and cease putting in an ap
pearance. The chin and neck can be
massaged down to smaller proportions by
picking up the flesh between the thumb
and forefinger, and rolling and rubbing
as much you possibly can, without injur
ing the skin. Then, in order to prevent
the flesh from getting flabby, the neck
and chin must be bathed in cold water
in which a small piece of alum the size
of a bean has been dissolved. Of course
the skin must be smeared 'with cold
cream before beginning the massage.
Your question about the electric needle
you will find answered in to-day's
Beauty Talk. I have not thought your
questions foolish by any manner of
means, but most natural. I thank you for
your kindly wishes. MME. HYGEIA.
2728
HERE'S THE LATEST IDEA OF
THE ENTERPRISING BOOK AGENT
AND the point of the matter lies
right here — the American people
are, as a rule, honest!"
We sat chatting over our after
, luncheon cigars. He was the
confidential man of a large publishing
house— an old friend of my college
.days. We happened upon each other
occasionally, as men will in the course
of their business life. To-day we had
been talking over affairs in a desultory
May until the conversation drifted into
the topic under discussion. It was the
plan adopted some time ago by a large.
publishing house of Bending c-ut books
on approval, the only deposit required
bein.-^ the request for the books one
; to see, which were sent at the ex-
peruse of the house. The recipient was
invited to look them over carefully,
and, if (satisfactory, remit the price
named, or if for any reason the books
were not wanted they were to be re
turned at the expense of the house. I
had often wondered if the scheme paid.
"And the funny part of it all is." con
tinued the confidential man, "that our
; .;. j.:s^.>s were along the pc-lltlcal
a rat
,i tip fo • any busn ess mm
. . ould use th( . •• "'•■ ,
; und r übnj atlon tor '»'in h ' let in
on i!v ground Hc-jr and bo said, but he
pufled v ring or two and assured me
it was worth n un< y. al d I be< ame tne
Utive .a: . c bo evidi Dtly
■ When i first figured in th.> scheme i
it a;! down in n d ink, just Ahat 1
►hi to cost, ana just ■ ■ hat
■ n , ■ . just a hat It - ovid
lio wed to cost, ■ ■ -i •'■ '•■'-'■' ''■ p
tinv .-.:■; - :
j; .. .. you kauw,
i sum a prettj px-oflc
. . ..: ■ - ntle
at sight, Well, say, i never thoufc».t
■out moni y maker in mj
.It was a peach, sure enough! Mj mas
■ «■' : !■'■ . , .
'•\\ ell, sir. I kepi tabs i n the deal,
• and wag ready to- haul in canvas any
' day. l had margin* d with 20 pi r cent
for loss* s. If It v. ■Nt rv'i r tha.t I was
. . i,. call a halt. Inside of six
months, before the firm h.-ui t-> gasp for
breath or lost enough to kick, I hoped
v> prove the preposition a winner.
••What do you think it has cost us to
carry that department? Mind, we ad
vertise to prepay the exprees and all
that, and the people can rue the books
bai k ::t our expense, too, if th.-y don't
want to keep 'em, Well, sir, our en
tire !■ ss has been just _ per cent.
"Don't call for water yet! Walt till
l tell you the joke! Abbui 75 per cent
of that was .hi that confounded politi
cal bi "k we carry— the pet of the firm.
"Surprised? .Well, I Bhould say bo!
■ night before 1 went to bed I used
to kneel down and ask to be forgiven
the bluffs 1 put up at the office, espe
rially ".vith ihe old gentleman. 1 never
Bed a chance m shrug my shoulders
and remind him that I predicted this
success; that it was coming <>ut about
as I had thought. It put me on Easy
street all right, and made me part of
the firm— the bhtff — or the game — or
both.
"And th>- other day I was talking
with :< friend <if mine who is in the
boot and shoe business. I never saw
the man until he came int. i the office a
couple of week? ago; hut I'm violating
no confidences t«i call him my friend.
He Bweare by uur friendship now! And
he's going to put goods out on the same
proposition — send you boots on ap
proval. And any fellow who knows his
business and can stand for a six
months' run at the game can soon learn
Whether It's the song for him. As I
told you at the start, the secret of the
matter, and the safety of the proposi
tion, lies just in that simple little fact
— you can bank on the American peo
ple; they're honest and they're
straightforward and clean.
BOOKS
RECEIVED
LOST IN NICARAGUA— By Hezekiah
Butterworth. This book pictures the won
derful land of Nicaragua, and continues
the story of the travelers whose adven
tures in South America are related in
"Over the Andes." In this companion
book to Over the Andes" one <>f th<- bi v
travelers who goes into the Nicaragua
forests In search of a quetzal, or the royal
bird of the Aztecs, falls into an ancient
idol cave, and is rescued in a remarkable
FRATERNAL NEWS.
. ORDER EASTERN STAR.
. Despite the heavy downpour on last
Monday there was a good attendance of
members and visitors at the private in
stallation of the officers of Beulah Chap
ter i!! the chapter room in Masonic Hall,
South San Francisco. The hall was taste
fully decorated and there was a liberal
. display of the national color.". The offl
■ cers who were inducted into office for the
current term are: Mrs. Margaret Mc-
Donald, worthy matron; H. F. Rahlman,
worthy patron; Mrs. Kate Barreille. as
sociate matron; Miss Bertha L. Hare,
secretary; Mrs. Rose Kispert, treasurer;
Mrs. Fennie Ayers, conductress; Mrs.
Helen Mangels, associate conductress;
Mrs. Emma Rahlman, warden; Joseph
T. Hare, sentinel; C. F. KlKpert, chap
lain; Mrs. Helen Mangels, marshal;
Miss Susie Barrett, organist; Mrs. Er
nestine Birbe, Adah; Mrs. E. Smale,
Ruth; Miss Nellie A. Brown, Esther;
Mrs. Mary Warr.er, Martha, and Mrs.
Elizabeth Shaw, Electa. At the. close of
the beautiful ceremony Dr. A. H. Mill
berry of Harmony Chapter, on behalf of
. the chapter, presented to Miss Nellie A.
Brown, the retiring mntron, a very hand
pome jewel, and to A. F. Fitchen foil the
pleasant duty of presenting to the retir
ing patron, A. C. Greenfield, a beautiful
match box as a token of the chapter's
appreciation of the interest he took in
the chapter during his term cf office.
There- was a Bhort address by Mrs. Annie
Johnson, worthy matron cf Harmony
Chapter, and remarks by several of the
visitors, after which there was an ad
journment to the banquet-room, where
about two hours was most pleasantly
spent. The installing officer was Miss
Nellie A. Brown, the retiring matron, as
sisted by Mrs. Amanda Brown as mar-
Bhal.
/ ODD FELLOWSHIP.
Major Fred W. Jeagher, ex-superinten
• dent of the Odd .Follows' Hall in this city,
was on last Monday at the meeting of
the trustees of the home at Thermalito
appointed superintendent of the home,
vice F. J. Moll Sr., who retires on ac
count of continued ill health.. Mrs.
Jeagher, wife of the new superintendent,
was appointed matron. They will enter
upon the discharge of ■ their • duties to
r.iorrow. •
The general committee of the jubilee
celebration will hold a meeting on th<»
• £Bth Inst. to further discuss. the plans for
"the proposed celebration next year.
Abou Ben Adhem Lodge had four deaths
within a period of sixteen days.
• • The officers .of Oriental Encampment
■ '-were installed last week by District Dep
uty Grand Patriarch R. C. Black, assist
ed by Colonel H: O. -Browers as •P. C. P.
The work, by .the . installing officer
• was perfection and was highly commend
ed; Addresses were made by Grand Pa
. triarch Harris and Grand Scribe Barnes.
There- were present. about one .hundred
, and fifty who witnessed ' the ' ceremony.
■way by an old Mosquito Indian. The nar
rative'is told In such a way as to giye
the ancient legends of Guatemala, the
story of tho chieftain, Nicaragua, the his
tory of the Central American republics,
and the natural history of the wonder
lands of the ocelot, the cougar, parrots
and monkeys. Since the voyage of the
Oregon of 13.000 miles to reach Key \\ est
the American people have ween what
would be the value of a Nicaragua canal.
The book gives the history of the pro
jects for tho canal, and describes the wa
terwaya through which it will pass. The
book is full of facts about Central Amer
ica and B part of it was written in Costa
Rica It filters a new field. \Y. A. Wilde
& Co.. publishers, Boston. Price, $1 50.
SHITS AND SAILORS— By R. F. Zogo
h.ium and James .tsarnes. A beautifully
gotten up book of water color fac similes
and poems. Zogobaum has done his best
in portraying our navy in times of peace
and war, past and present. Barnes' verse
is away above the average and has a snap
to it that rings with feeling.
Frederick A. Stokes Company, publish
ers. New York. For sale by all book
sellers.
BUCCANEERS AND PIRATES OF
OUR COASTS— By Frank K. Stockton. A
thorough historical study of the sea dep
redators who in the long acr.> were a men
The installation of the officers of Red
; tvood Encampment has been postp
; until the 28th inst.
The officers of Franco-Americaine Lodge
j were installed by Deputy Theo Treyer,
, and after the ceremony L. !.. Re my was
on behalf of the lodge, through A. Gous
; tlaux, presented with a gold match box
| set with diamonds in recognition of falth
i ful work dune in behalf of the lodge and
: order.
The following named were installed n>*
: officers of Templar Lodge lasi Wednes
day night by Deputy E. <".. Harrison: D.
i A. Hagens, J. i>. <;.; h. w. Quitzow Jr..
'■ N. <;.; J. M. Mcgueen. V. G.; C. I". O'Nell,
S.; c. \v. Moulthrop, T.; Benonla Baric,
W.; William Ratrosky. ''.; George Pat
ton, G.; right and left supporters to X.
G.. Bamuel Hortop and J. MacDermoU;
right and left supporters to the V. G
J. J. Young and W. G. Benn; right ana
left supporters of the X.. Dr. Conrad Wlel
, and C. A. Anderson. The installation was
! followed by a collation, speech-making
and story-telling.
THE REBEKAHS.
Mrs. Mary E. L)onoho, secretary of the
Assembly, has returned from her visit
to the lodges in th«» Southern part of the
j State and reports them :i!l prosperous.
The following named were Installed as
| offlctre of Walhatta Lodge on the 7th inst.
! by District Deputy Presidi nt Miss Minni>;
Becker, assisted by Mlbs Better an mar
shal: Lottie Barthold, nobl': graud; Mrs.
Lillle Meredith, vice grand; Miss Georg
ina Henken. recording secretary: Miss
Bertha Spccht, financial secretary, and
Mrs. Christina Heekmann. treasurer.
Last Monday night there was a public
installation of the officers of 4 Loyal Lodge
No. 215. There was a fair attendance con
sidering the heavy downpour. The In
stalling officer was Miss Sophie J[. Hut
ton, and the officers of this up-to-date
lodge who are to serve for the current
term are: Miss Tlllie Braver. N. G.; Miss
Ruby Jewel!, V. G. : Miss Marjory Jen
nings, recording secretary; Miss iOlla
Bourne, treasurer; Miss Walcom, finan
cial Becretary; Mrs. E. C. Cyrus R s
N. G. ; Mrs. Ella Campbell, L. S. N. <;.;
Miss Minerva Van Dorn. C. ; Miss Lottie
Goff, W.; Mrs. C. McAllister. E. A. 8.
Mrs. T. Crossen. L. A. S. : Mrs. Clara
V.'inn, Chap.; Miss Llllie Meinberger I.
G.; J. A. Jennings. O. G.; Mrs. J. il. Simp
son, R. S. V. G. ; Mrs. Daniels, L. S. V. G.
After the proclamation had been made
that the officers had been duly installed
there was the presentation by Dr. A. X.
Copsey to Mlbs Linehan, the retiring noble
grand, on behalf of the lodge, of a mag
nificent collar, and then Miss Bell, also
on behalf of the lodge, presented Mrs. < ".
E. Cyrus a beautiful collar in recognition
of h"r services In the lodge.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt and Deputy
Charles A. Boldemann installed the offi
cers of Mount Tamalpais Parlor at San
Rafael last Monday.
The officers of Brooklyn Parlor of East
THE SAX FRAISTCISCO CALL, SUSTDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
ace to our shores and the ships that
sailed the main. The book is valua
ble and interesting, nnd worthy of a care
ful study by anybody. The descriptive
writing is exciting and thrilling. The
Macmfllan Company, publishers. New
York. Price, $1 50.
ASHES OF EMPIRE— By Robert W.
Chambers. A romance of the siege of
Paris, covering the period from the dis
aster at Sedan to tne surrender of the
city. It also foreshadows the Outbreak
of "the Commune. The writing Is vivid
and the descriptive work very Strong. Tho
.situations are dramatic and thrilling.
Frederick A. Stokes Company, publishers,
New York.
THE AQUARIA— By Charles W. Page.
This la one of the most complete books on
the subject ever published in America. It
fully illustrates and describes all the best
HULL'S N/W/\L VIGTOpy, Op f\UZZf\ FOp JHZ GONSTIJUJION.
From "Ships and Sci'ors," by R. F. Zogbam and James Barnes.
breeds of fancy fish for the aquarium.
Contains complete Instructions fur the
care <>f gold fish, curing their disi
making home-made aquariums and foun
tains, breeding fishes profitably, etc., so
plainly stated that any one can succeed.
No one who has an aquarium or fish globe
can afford to be withoul It, a> it will help
you enjoy your pets daily, far mure than
it costs, char!..- w. Pagi . publisher, Dcs
Moines, lowa. Price, '<'< cents.
HIS BAPTISM OF WAR— By E. R.
I Oakland were Installed last week by Dep
! Uty Grand President Charles A. Bolde
' mann, and after the ceremonies there was
i a pleasant social hour. In the Installa-
I tlon Ge< rge T. Elans acted as grand secre
tary and Otto turn Suden as t;ranil
; marshal.
Grand President Conley was In the city
a few days since assigning his deputies tv
1 their several Jurisdictions.
F. !:. I. « Mom, secretary <>!' Plymouth
Parlor ( f Drytown, Amador County, who
v.as in this city < in a visit to his rela
. Uves re ently, reports that hi? parlor and '
■ those in the"immediate vicinity are mak
ing good progress.
Pasl Grand President John A. Stein
liacf;. who Is now located in Vallejo,- spent :
Jhe nolida /s In ihis city.
The Native Daughters' parlor of Oak- |
land Joined Piedmont Parlor and there ;
was a i>ui)li> Installation of the officers ot
both parlors, after which there was an
entertainment and a dance.
NATIVE DAUGHTER&
Th>< officers of Buena Vista l^>dge will ;
! be publicly Installed on the 19th inst. by
I district Deputy Mrs. Genevieve Baker, i
The same officer will install tin- officers
of Golden State in private on the night of ,
I the 18th.
Last week the members of Buena Vista
i Parlor had a Christmas reception In hon
[or of Miss Ju!; '. Kind, who recently waa
voted ihe most popular Native Daughter.
i There were present on the occasion Grand
i Trustee Belle Douglas, I'ast Grand I'r.si
i dent Mi:-s Mac B. Wilkin, and a large
! number of the members. Miss
I Worth was Santa Clans and she distrib
i vied a present to each one.
Orinda Parlor lias donated $20 to the
Native Daughters' Home.
The installation of the officers of La
Estrella Parlor last week l>y District
Deputy Mrs. Then Lunstedt. assisted by
; Grand Marshal Mrs. Lena B. Mills, was
) followed by R rollation. at which there
were quite a number of the membership,
I and a most pleasant hour was spent.
! There were addresses by a number of the !
! members, and "niKh compliments were j
1 paid to the installing: officers and" "The
Native Daughters' Friend.'" present by
invitation, made a few remarks, during
which he said complimentary things of
the retiring: president, Mrs. Aigeltlnger,
who was kindly remembered by her sis- ,
tcrs. who. presented her a beautiful token j
of their love for her and appreciation of \
her as an officer.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS GRATEFUL.
The following, dated Martinez, was re
: reived in this office a few days ago:
"The committee of the Native Daugh- j
! ters' Home Board of Relief, Native j
I Daughters of the Golden West, hereby j
I expresses its thanks to the management |
j of the San Francisco fall for the pleas- ;
i I anf and helpful notices given through its
! columns of the Native Daughters' Home
recently opened at 925 O'Farrell street,
San Francisco; also to the genial repre
sentative, Mr. E. C. Stock, for his per
sonal f-xprenslonf of Interest In the un
dertaking. C. K. WITTENMEYBR.
Secretary for the Committee.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
i The officers of El Dorado Council No.
581 for the current term were installed
; on the 6th met. by the president of the
Hoadley. The story of the adventures of
a young American 'in the island of Cuba.
F. Tennyson Neely, publisher, New
York.
HAWAII NEI-By Mabel Craft. 'Tts a
long time since a book on "The Islands"
the equal of this one has appeared. It
might be called a descriptive work, but
at the same time it is free from all the
dry preamble that frequently character
izes such productions. The gushlness of
the other extreme is also lacking. Con
sequently the book is a readable one. A
perusal of the pages will be found most
interesting and profitable. Miss Craft has
managed to look at the islands and the
people from several points of view. She
shows the sentimental as well as the
Srosaic side of the inhabitants' lives,
luch of the material has been gathered
outside beaten paths, so that several new
and interesting features are depicted. The
illustrations are highly creditable and of
a new style of photographic reproduction.
William Doxey üblisher. Price. $1 50.
NIOBE— By Jonas Lie. Translated from
the Norwegian by H. L. Brackstad.
George H. Richmond & Son, publishers,
New York.
DEMOCRACY AND DIRECT LEGIS
LATION—By A. W. Thomas of the Chi
cago bar. A book bearing particularly
on recent laws passed by the Illinois Leg-
islature. Home Study Publishing «'"in
pany. ( 'hie-ago.
THE SCOURGE OF GOD-By John
Bloundelle Burton. A romance of religious
persecution. The scene is laid in France
and deals with the family of 1 >,■ Roche
bazon. IX Appleton & Co., publishers,
New York.
THE TEN TON CUTTER- By Harry
Castlemon. A sp>r\ of adventure for
boys. Henry T. Coats & Co., publishers,
Philadelphia.
San Francisco Cabinet, assisted by the
secretary, acting as marshal. After the
ceremony th< re were a number of ad
dr< is< .- by members and visitors, and
then followed cigars and light refresh
mi IMS.
The officers of Golden Gate Council,
for the current term are: John W. Car
many, president; Norman R. Arter, ex
president; William Wallace, vice-presi
dent; D. 12. Besecker, speaker; J. J. Sco
vllle, secretary-; Theo. Frolich, financial
secretary; J. H. Baker, treasurer; John
Henderson, chaplain; C. J. Swift, usher;
William Healey. sergeant; K. 11. Mow
bray, doorkeeper; D. M. Angler, S. P.
Johnston and W. w. Healey, trustees.
They were installed iast Tuesday
night by Sentor J. E. Field. as
sisted by Mr. Kidd as marshal,
in the presence of many members
of the council and several visitors. Prior
to the installation Norman K. Arter, the
retiring president, read a very Interesting
valedictory, reviewing the progress of the
council during the time he was in office.
This showed that the membership has
been energetic in advancing the interest
•it' the council, which is now 'he second,
numerically, in the jurisdiction of Cali
fornia, having three hundred members.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
A lodge of the order has been instituted
in Manila, in the far-away Philippines,
wiili the following officers: Frank I've.
Company G. Fourteenth Infantry. P. M.
W.; Charles W. Bremmicks. Company M,
Colorado Volunteers, M. W. ; E. L.
Thompson, Company 1?. Oregon Volun
teers. P.; J. A. Jones, Company L. Twen
ty-third Infantry, O. ; P. F. Wright, Cnt
pany H, North Dakota Volunteers, R. : X.
Forsbcrg, Company H, Nebraska Volun
teers, F. ; W. E. Cook, Company E, Cali
fornia Volunteers, G.; Parker Brown,
Company C, Montana Volunteers, I. \\\,
and C. b\ Jordan, Company U. California
Volunteers, O. W.
District Deputy A. Wigmore will install
the officers of Noe Valley Lodge on the
17th, those of Yerba Buena Lodge on the
L'Mtli and those of Myrtle Lodge and of
Harmony Lodge on the 21st. Several of
the grand officers wUTbe present, and as
this deputy is one of the most painstak
ing in the "city and performs his work to
perfection it will be a pleasure to attend
these meetings.
Tin- following have been installed as
officers of Olympic Lodge: F. W. Grimm.
M. WiJ C. A. Jackson, F. ; John Dridin
dc , O.; John Sheedy, I. W.; Thomas
Woodruff. O. W.
List Monday night the Past Masters'
Association gave a very fine entertain
ment to all the members of the associa
tion and to any past master, whether a
member of the association or not. Past
Supreme Master Workman Jordan was
chosen chairman of the evening, and un
der his direction there was presented a
programme of numbers which included
phonograph selections, and choice recita
tions by David C. Hangs, the Imperson
ator, whose renditions were so well re
ceived that he was encored five times.
The feature of the evening, however, was
the exhibition of nearly two hundred
views on a screen by G. Kanzee, plain and
colored, of scenes in the United States and
Europe. He also gave a number of
HOW THE BURNING SHENANDOAH
MANAGED TO REACH THIS PORT
THE cavernous hold of the big
ship resembles a carpenter's
workshop. Dozens of men are
at work with adz and ax, the
shipwright, it may be remarked,
doing most of his work with the former
useful though dangerous tool. Big loss?
of timber are being rapidly smoothed
into shape, to take their appointed
place in the ceiling or inner lining of
the ship; great gnarled and twisted
crooks are being bolted to the side, as
knees to fasten the orlop beams firmly
and bind the massive hull together.
Here one of these beams has been al
most destroyed and a new piece is be-
ing scarfed intrr it with great iron
bolts and bands; there other beams,
icss seriously injured, are. having hard
oaken shoes wedged under them. s>>
that they may be raised to their proper
situation.
Down in these depths, thirty feet
from the dock, little light (litters down
through the open main hatch, but the
ingenious mechanics have got over the
klnetoscopic views, which wort; greatly
•■h loyed.
A 1 the smoker Riven in the Potrero
Opera House under the auspices of the
lodges i>f district No. 5. of which M. J.
Blackman is the deputy, there was a very
enjoyable programme of song, music- and
speeches. The principal speakers were
<;r;iiid Master workman Booth, Grand
Treasurer Sam Booth, Grand Inside
Workman Curtis, and there was singing
by the grand master's quartet.
There was a large attendance at the
musical and literary entertainment given
last Wednesday night by Golden Gate,
Valley, Golden West and Prosperity
lodges in Laurel Hall, Bhlels building.
These lodges, comprising district No. I,
M. J. Blackmail district deputy grand
master workman, had a great many of
their friends present, who were enter
tained with a good programme of music,
songs and a dance; also an address by
the grand master workman.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent at its last held re
view closed its work for 1898, .which was
a very successful one. and much of the
success Is due to the untiring: efforts of
the following-named Sir Knights: Fred
Waslfer Jr., commander; George V. Leroi,
past commander; D. B. Richards, lieuten
ant commander; I >r. Josef I. Manson,
physician; E. il. Stevens, sergeant; Theo.
Prr.lich, record keeper'; H. H. Castle,
finance keeper; M. R Schofield, chaplain;
A. X. Bowne, master at wms; 1 )r. G.
Danziger, lirst master of guards; Thomp
son White, second master of guards; E.
Savory, sentinel; \V. B. Greenbe.rg, picket;
J. H. Whiteside, propertyinan,
The officers for the ensuing term will be
installed at the next review. The mem
bership of this tent has increased wonder
fully in the past tew years. In January,
1896, it was 60; in 1897, 69; in 1898, 150. and
on the Ist inst. it had increased to 307.
and "hustlers" and "rustlers" are still
out looking for new members. Much of
the interest in this tent can be traced to
the sides got up by the members to
ascertain which can secure the greatest
number of candidates within a given time,
and as the losing side has to pay for a
banquet there is a great deal of energy
displayed. And the tent has a happy
faculty of making the meetings interest
ing, so that there is always a good at
tendance, for the meeting hall is a good
one in which to spend an evening.
INDEPENDENT RED MEN.
Grand Chief C. Kuss. assisted by Grand
Marshal F. H. Grossmann, installed the
officers of Schiller Stamm No. 278, U. O.
R. M.. in Red Men's Hall on Bush street
last week. The officers Inducted into of
fice for the current term are: H. Schrei
ber, chief; F. Schibusch, sub-chief;
E. Blerwirth. assistant sub-chief; o.
Schlinke. prophet; G. Moeller, sec
retary; G. Hinneberg, treasurer; J. Steu
er, warrior; Th. Steuer, inner guard; and
E. Heeht. outer guard. After the cere
monies the grand officers, members and
visitors formed In procession and
marched to a restaurant, where all par
took of a banquet, the principal dish be
ing bear meat, from a monster of the
mountains, shot by E. Bterwith. the as
sistant sub-chief. Theodore Tominskt
difficulty by switching on an arc light
from the shore, leading the wires to the
mainmast head, and thence into the
hold. By electricity daytime and night
time appear alike, and the work is be
ing rushed regardless of expense, for
every day lost means much money to
a great ship like this. And all because
the cargo of Virginia coal which the
Shenandoah brought from Baltimore
caught fire and came within an ace of
destroying this magnificent vessel.
The Shenandoah is rapidly making
herself famous, even though she is only
eight years old. She has always been
regarded as a magnificent example of
American ship building skill, and until
tin- Roanoake w-as launched by the
same builders, she was the largest
wooden ship afloat. As it is the Roan
oake nnly exceeds her in size by a hun
dred tons or so, and the difference be
tween them is so trifling that it cannot
be discerned by the unskilled eye. Both
ships were constructed by the famous
Brm of Arthur Sewall & Co., an his
torical concern which has been build
ing and sailing its own ships since the
was the toast-master and at the seats of
honor were Grand Chief C, Kuss. Grand
Sub-Chief K. Landmann. Grand Secreta
ry B. Sammann, Grand Prophet .T. Ru
metsch and Grand Marshal F. H. Gross
] miii:n. There were responses to toasts,
i songs and instrumental music, and on the
breaking up of the festivities it was voted
that the "baby" stamm's bear feast was
one of the most enjoyable ever given in
the order.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
During the month of December Mrs.
E. S. Moffatt, State commander of Cali
fornia and deputy supreme commander
; for the Rocky Mountain States, instituted
| five hives, one at each of the following
places: Santa Rosa, with thirty members;
Redding, with forty; Woodland, with
twenty; Auburn, with fourteen; and Ala
meda, witli twenty.
Under tin auspices of the State com
mander there was a class initiation of
twenty candidates at Dunsmuir.
The installation of officers will be made
the feature in February.
The State commander is to make a visit
in the northern part of the State in the
interest of the order.
During the spring- there will he four
; State conventions, namely, in California.
; Montana. Washington and Oregon. Each
i will be the first convention in each State
i of that character.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Last Monday night John J. Cordy. ajrnnd
I secretary, in company with Jacob Label
of the American Forester Review, visited
Watsonville, where there was a reunion
of Courts Pajaro Valley Rose. Monterey,
Salinas. Santa Cruz. Soledad and Castro
ville. and an installation of the officers
in the hall of the first named court by
c. :•:. Peckham, D. D. G. C. R.. assisted
by Past Chief Ranger Green as grand
herald. During the evening a team of
Court St. Lucia exemplified the initiatory
work in a manner that wns most satis
factory, the work being entirely without
ritual. Then- were about 2SS Foresters
present. After the installation and the
work there was a grand banquet, at which
; J. E. Cox presided as toastmaster.
The officers of Court Sotoyome at
Healdsburg were installed last week with
appropriate ceremonies.
The returns that are coming In
show that during the past term the order
has made great gains in this State.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
The officers of Bonita Circle were in
stalled by Deputy Mrs. Connell, assisted
I by E. H. Chamberlin as marshal. Ihe
| officers for the term are those who
| served during the previous term, except
I Mrs. I'atton, who becomes left guide; Mrs.
Bridgit, who becomes inside guard, and
Mrs L. Crudden, who becomes outside
1 guard. The entertainment that . was re
i cently given by this circle was a very
j successful affair and was productive of
much enjoyment to all who attended and
filled Mangels Hall. The affair was un
der the direction of E. H. Chamberlin, P.
C c ; Miss Jennie Johnson. Miss Annie
Hoff Miss Maggie Dorney, Mrs. Carrie
Newman. Miss Lillie McCurdy, Mrs.
. Bridgit and Mrs. Patton.
year 1826. The policy consistently pur
sued by the firm during all these years
his been marvelously successful. It
ha? built ships for itself and for no one
elB», and has sailed its own ships over
every sea. thus keeping to itself the
double profits of shipbuilder and ship
owner.
LaAt year when the late war broke
out, the Shenandoah added to her fame
by being the first ship reported cap
tured by the Spanish. It was a rich
prize if the Dons had only got it. for
the caiijo of wheat was afterward sold
in Liverpool for nearly $300,000. For a
few days all San Francisco was in con
sternation over the event, and war
risks went up to an extravagant figure.
But luckily the report turned out to be
only a canard invented by the wheat
jobbers to rig the market.
Captain J. F. Murphy, who was in
command of the vessel at the time, is
now in San Francisco, and laughs mer
rily over tht story. "We never saw a
trace of a Spanish ship." he says. "One
morning tny son told me he saw a cou
ple of torpedo boats, but they might
have been British or French or any
other nationality, for all we knew."
The captain, who is a typical speci
men of the American sailor, polished
and courteous in manner, is himself
one of the largest owners of the Shen
andoah and a member of the firm of
Arthur Sewall & Co. Eight years ago
he superintended the construction of
the vessel and is justifiably proud of
his achievement.
"I have sailed her all over the world,"
he remarked, "and there is not a finer
sailing ship afloat. She is as strong as
an iron vessel and as handy as a yacht.
I have never yet seen the weather
which caused us serious trouble, and
even in the worst of storms she never
leaks at all."
In one sense it was rather unfortu
nate for the Shenandoah that she was
such a tight vessel. Had she leaked
a little the inside qf her bottom would
have been wet and the water-soaked
wood would not have burned. As it
was the timbers were so dry that for
the space of a hundred feet on the port
side, just opposite the main hatch, they
burned right through. Even the out
side planking was nearly destroyed,
and but an inch or so of wood saved
the ship from destruction.
"We could even see the copper nails
which fasten on the sheathing, so you
can imagine what a close shave it was,"
explains Captain Murphy. "Had the
voyage lasted a week longer she must
have been lost."
Few people realize the immense
thickness of a ship built like the Shen
andoah. At the bottom of the hold,
where the fire broke out, the timbers
are of the heaviest possible character.
First there is the ceiling, fourteen
inches in thickness, then the frame
timbers, great pieces of oak eighteen
inches square. Then comes the outside
planking of eight inches, so that alto
gfth'T the fire had to burn through
forty inches of solid timber before the
outside was reached. And If the fire
had once made ever so small a hole iri
the outer planking, the coal would have
commenced to drop out into the fath
omless ocean. The opening thus made
would have rapidly enlarged, the water
would have rushed in, and the vessel
would have foundered.
Probably, had these things happened,
the Shenandoah would have gone to
the mythical port of missing ships, and
the catastrophe would never have been
explained. That such an occurrence
should only have been averted by the
merest chance opens up a startling pos
sibility. Many coal-laden ships have
been posted at Lloyd's as missing, and
they may have suddenly foundered
without any one on board knowing the
cause. It must be remembered that
no one on the Shenandoah had the
slightest idea she was on fire until the
hatches were off and the cargo was be
ing discharged. Then the smoke burst
forth and for days the harbor tugs
poured water into the vessel, until she
came well nigh settling down in the
mud of San Francisco Bay.
Captain Murphy's theory about the
fire is a very simple one. It was
caused, he thinks, by spontaneous com
bustion. Induced by damp and pressure.
As a general rule it is only when coal
Is shipped in a damp condition that
there is much danger of a conflagration
breaking out. But the Shenandoah's
cargo was shipped in a perfectly dry
state, it did not even rain while it was
being taken in at Baltimore. Still all
coal contains a certain percentage of
moisture, and it is likely that the enor
mous superincumbent pressure squeezed
this water to the bottom, where it ac
cumulated in sufficient quantities to
generate heat, which, during the long
voyage through the tropics, became
sufficiently powerful to set the coal
aflame. J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.
Last Wednesday night Grand Chief
Companion Ira W. Coburn. Grand Sub
chief Mrs. Flora Jacobs, Grand Treasurer
Mrs. E. W. Haughy, Past Grand Chiefs
Mrs. M. A. Duke. Mrs. Lizzie Atwood and
Mrs. Emma Harrington, the chief com
panions of Bonita, Excelsior, Diana, Miz
pah and Independence circles, together
with a number of members of the order,
paid an official visit to Inter Nos Circle.
The circle room was beautifully decorated
with evergreen and Christmas berries,
while the American flag was gracefully
festooned over the station of the chief
companion. In the absence of the chief
companion, detained at home by sick
ness. Past Chief Companion Miss Mag
gie Forest presided. There was an ex
emplification of the ritualistic work,
which was commended by the grand chief
companion, after which there were ad
dresses by the visiting officials and the
presentation of a cigar case to the grand
chief companion, and a gold pen and ivory
holder to the subchief companion, and one
to Mrs. Atwood. past grand chief and
deputy of the circle, as tokens of regard
of the members of the circle for the sev
eral officers named. At the close of the
circle those present were the guests of
the committee on entertainment at a col
lation.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
During the past week the principal
events in this order locally have been the
installation of the officers of Courts
Golden Era, Sen Francisco, Noe Valley.
Endeavorer, Precita and Golden Gate by
the board of deputies, which in several
instance:* was assisted in the work by
Deputy State Chief Ranger Duckworth
Next We dnosday the officers of Courts
Point I.obrs and Sunset will be publicly
installed in Franklin Hall, and the event
will be by entertainment.
Th- following night the officers of
Courts Mission, Apollo and Madrone will
be publicly installed at the Mission Opera
Hall.
THE JUNIORS.
The ceremonies attending the installa
tion of the officers of Lincoln Council, to
gether with the initiation of four can
didates, was the occasion of an interest
ing session last week. S. J. Theisen, dis
trict depjuty, was the installing officer
There was a good attendance, as special
efforts were made to call out the member
ship. There were short talks on Interest-
Ing subjects connected with current his
tory, and aCter that there was music and
refreshments.
This council will soon be visited by
State Councilor "W. H. Bellinger of Log
Angeles.
The City Council will as usual celebrate
Junior day on the 22d of February by a
grand entertainment and ball in Odd Fel
lows' Hall. The committees are working
to that end. The purpose of the celebra
tions is to keep alive an enthusiastic feel
ing for the Father of his Country.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
The chiefs of Pocahontas Council of the
Degree of Pocahontas were raised up by
Great Pocahontas Mrs. YVhipple, assist
ed by J. Hagan. The new chiefs for th«
current term are: Mrs. Lizzie Atwood
Pocahontas; Miss Serra. "Wenonah* Mrs'
J. Hagan. prophetess; M. Rosel. Po'what'
tan; and J. Hagan, guard of the forest.A MANAGER AND A CRITIC.
Oiieirles Frohman's Emperorship, a.n<d. Ole
/ v .:;■ ment Scott's Retirement.
iH. audiences within, but large j
rrral. smiles without, have been '
'the!-' order of . the rainy week at the
ibeati 'rs. ■ X" man loves the immediate !
f=ipht "f the shining: dollar more than !
the / manager, but even he would not ■
gpbil . the- whole summer's harvest for j
,i iitile midwinter sunshine; so he has j
i rivid the storm with something of |
■ en* ulturisfs enthusiasm, and [
-m-il^d kindly at' the few customers who j
have come to his shop. Theatrical j
managers are not such bad fellows '
after ftll, Reai<y. they are not. Their
businesses, a perpetual gamble in which
they take' it that they can play any
old game-so long as it will win. But at
best they can't fool the public more
than half the time — the rest of the time
the public is fooling them. The theat
rical trust merely applies to the the
ater business principles that long have
.been In vogue in other commercial en
terprises. Sensationalism, vulgar and
otherwise, on the stage is not a whit
. :.v.;orse than it is in the newspapers —
?n fact they generally play into one
rjahetfie.r'4 hand. Have you never
<Vt.ic.ed 'that a risky show prospers only
;rftcj'i't has .been spicily abused by the
. l'.re'ss?. Toil remember when we all
Vvr'pte.. notices about Anna Held? She
.fdtrl ••i'/i'fterward that she had had no
: he San Francisco press was so
ydghtyi- Poor Anna positively
i lijtsh^d. ' The theater has become a
: ■::::< /rdous business institution, and
::.ly.va fragment of it claims associa
itii the drama; the rest is a
H-vf.ey- 'gamble ' and its managers are
■■A -!gettlins Into a type as pronounced
tee' old one which is to-day repre
. in this country only by Augus
tin'/paly and Richard Mansfield (and -
ayferi: /.these dignified survivors have;
■ .own to do strange things). Give j
t^V'rnanager his due, especially Charles ;
f^hsnan, who is going to send us lots
1 things this year. Mr. Froh
in-i-s the one powerful manager in
.': Aiiierira. He brings to bear on his j
V only the swiftest spirit of]
li,. • illative < 'inmercialism, but |
tical knowledge of audiences and i
UV-. pfa.ee. Mr. Frohman has said of
self that he is as good a dramatic
critic as any in the land; and from
standpoint— which reckons pecuni
success above everything — he is
i« the Buperior of every man in the
liny- judging business. Charles Froh
; Dili's power is so great that he prac
tically controls the entire American
ater.
• . ..The other managers throughout the j
.Vountry are, you might say, only his
on agents; or else buyers of the
that he has finished with. Ask \
mthors of America, England, or j
• n. France, to what American man
;iur-r they would prefer to give their
. -work and they will am ...er "Frohman."
■ Anil this is not' entirely a matter of
.-"prtee. . Mr. Frohman pays well, but
:' . Mi also insures the author as good a
;oduction as can be given in America.
or Mr. Frohman has the same fas
•^>n for actors that he has for play- i
pftlrs. Most of the popular stars j
id rather play under the direction !
Charles Frohman than risk it alone, I
1 many of them have become stars
... rhmu.^i him. The ambition of young
.:s is to become members of Froh
an companies. Frohman ward lie j
r surest chances for distinction, op- j
■ and advertisement. This is a i
lig power to bo in the hands of one I
and we who sometimes take the
seriously are lucky that it ia
well as it is. Mr. Frohman
■ believe in art for art's sake,
ire a rap about the development
irama that is fine, literate and
but even in his most Philistine
I B he knows that it is oftenest i
i?t rate play writer who turns out
flst attractive play and the first
tor who makes himself a favorite
the crowd — and so we get our j
■ the pen..anent and the best, j
• the transient and trivial. I
In San Francisco this season we I
the prospect of Maude Adams in
. Little Minister" and the certainty
rteT in "Zaza Olga Neth
a liifr repertory, and last but
B ! r 'nec stock company season
ace : the usual Frawley engage
vhkh will introduce us to "The
- AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
•;. * (Formerly the Popular Bush.)
THIS SUNDAY-Matinee and Night
' ••. LAST TWO PERFORMANCES ,
• .:• '. Of th» Ble Spectacular Production of
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
-.. To-Morrow/MONDAY, Jan. 16,
The Latest and Best of All Comedies,
TWO
-MARRIED-
MEN!
The Laughing Success of the Season,
BY GEORGE R. EDESON.
BRIM FULL OF SPARKLING WIT.
PRETTY GIRLS,
FCN, MUSIC AND SONG.
Bring:, your wives to f\r r TWO
It you want to laugh 111I 1 1 I „ J\LV.,,»
If you are in trouble \U l> MARRIED
If you have the bluet ill I MEN! !
If "you need a tonic ULL mtta ' \
71EMF.MBER NEXT SATURDAY MATINEE
Beautiful Doll Souvenirs Given Away.
FAMILY MATINEE SUNDAY.
PRICES 15c, 25c. 35c, 60c
MATINEES, only 15 C an 25c
; Seats on sale Box Office and Emporium.
. s^ E " B a^^ D - x r E^7avorite play, "TENNEB-
SKIVS PARDNEa.
SHERMAN &_CLAY HALL.
.'TUESDAY EVENING. Jan. 17. and WEDNES-
DAY and SATURDAY AFTERNOONS
Jan. 18 and 21. at 2:30,
geroMe hel/vvont
'■ ■ ' The Famous Boy Violinist
GRACE PRESTON '. Contralto
<■-- And
IDA SIMMONS Planlste
PRICES— tI and 50c. Sale of seats at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s.
Baseball! RECREATION
Jt>aSeUalli PARK
>„:.: -' FAREWELL GAME.
Seattle vs. Oakland
TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
By AshtoQ Stever>s.
Liar." "Trelawny of the Wells,"
"Phroso" and other new plays of more
or less importance. These are all Froh
man attractions. The stock company
will be made up of picked players from
the Frohman companies, and Henry
Miller will be the leadinf man. This
is considerable that Mr. Frohman will
send, but it is not the Columbia's entire
season. What is proudly hyphenated
as the Louis James-Katherine Kldder-
Frederick Ward triumvirate is coming
soon; so is Wilson Barrett's Neronian
nightmare, "The Sign of the Cross";
and Melbourne MacDowell and Blanche
Walsh in the Sardou repertory of the
late Fanny Davenport; and the good
oldßostonians, and the ditto Modjeska.
And then there is the big opera at the
Grand. Altogether the outlook is the
best in several years. Let the rain fall
and the crops grow, and everybody will
have a good time, managers and all.
Clement Scott, the London dramatic
critic, has kept his word and retired
from active work on the Daily Tele
graph. In view of the recent tempest
in this country and in England caused
by Mr. Scott's plain talk about the
morality and immorality of player folk,
and following so soon the announce
ment that Mr. Scott will lecture in
America, this formal farewell of his
will, I think, be of some general in
terest. This is it:
At the close of this, to me. eventful
year of 189* I have been advised by
those whose counsel is to me a law,
and whose affection has been my an
chor in many a storm, to retire per
manently from the active and inces
sant duties of daily journalism. In
these days of pulsating advance, with
theaters starting up as if by magic on
every Pide, in the midst of a world
throbbing with new ideas, startling
theories, old orthodoxies and new
heterodoxies clashing and clanging to
gether, the duties of a dramatic re
viewer to the most influential of all
daily newspapers requires a giant's
strength. The incessant strain of
thirty years' continuous work reminds
me that the best strength, the moat
undaunted courage and the wildest en
thusiasm must have its breaking point.
It is that Inevitable dilemma that I de
sire to anticipate by a rest somewhere
near the last milestone. No one who
has followed me up and down hill will
' AMUaEMENTS.
@llK?fnifl TO NISHT-Uit Tim. j
WILSON
TO-MORROW first
AND HERE
...ALL WEEK... six y£arsi i
The Everlasting Success
IN
YONSON
....A GREAT
....COMEDY!
Presented by
' BEN HENDRICKS
And a Strong Cast.
Coming.. ■ . "A CONTENTED WOMAN,"
IQROSCO'SGRANBSS
.. Valtkr Mokosco, Sole Lesaee aud Manages.
-,-'- r: - LAST NIOHT OF THE REASON.
LAST NIGHT OF THE SEASON.
LAST ' NIGHT. LAST NIGHT
HIHENRY'S
, BIG
MINSTRET
XfJL AGGREGATION. JU
Entire Change of ' Procramme. .
56— ALL-WHITE PERFORMERS— v
FAREWELL MATIN AT 2 O'CLOCK
THIS AFTERNOON.
POPULAR PR1CE5.............. 10c, 26c. SOo
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
prrudge me that delightful pause by the
wayside.
To sever myself forever from the
passion of a lifetime would be with the
temperament with which I have been
blessed or cursed— some think one and
some another— an impossibility. When
new authors of brilliant importance,
young actors of dawning promise, and
bright actresses of commanding Intel
ligence appear on the scene, I shall be
near them, believe me, as long as I
live, to help them with my encourage
ment and haply to guide them with
my experience. Like the retired soap
boiler, I shall be found "hovering round
on melting day." Meanwhile, in the en-
joyment of a brief leisure, I trust npt
undeserved, I have, while strength
lasts, romances of the stage to write.
reminiscences to recall and lectures to
deliver at home and in distant coun
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-NIGHT— LastTime—WILUE COLLIER in "THE MAN FROM MEXICO!"
FRANK DANIELS
"THE IN HIS BIG COMIC OrERA SUCCESS, EYE"
"THE IDOL'S EYE"
By HARRY B. SMITH and VICTOR HERBERT, author and composer of "THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE." "THE SERENADE" and "THE FORTUNE TELLER."
President McKinley: "The funniest and prettiest comic opera I have ever seen."
New York Evening Post: "The comic opera hit of the season."
Produced here by the same entire east and scenery seen during its
long New York run. ...■.
BEGINNING MONDAY EVENING, JANUARY 16th.
EVERY EVENING, Including; SUNDAY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
JAN, 23 "-THE WtZfIRD OF THE NILE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. Y\l VMDIA
Mrs. Ernestine Krelln& Proprietor and Mgr. 999\J \^ \ JV 1 g^. 1 J-^ •• •
' TO-NIQHT . Fddy St.. Cor. Mason.
OUR HOLIDAY 1 SPECTACLE. Only Fre * Theater on O,e Coast playing EaStern
"THE YELLOW DWARF" B-new eastern staf.9 -s
Commencing To-Morrow Evening THE 3 DE BOLIEN BROS.
SUPERB SCENIC PRODUCTION. Acrobats Supreme.
The' Eastern Operatic Success, MARIF WOOD
THE WEDDING DAY o ß um^o^ p o° SISTERS
Pi-esented by the STRONGEST SINGING mTude'ga G E .' : ! '
. COMPANY in America. . Unique WhUtlVr.
Reappearance of the Favorite Contralto, Continued Success of the New York Favorite
, MISS BERNICE HOLMES. r"»I ,pp IT n 4 Y/ 1 NPP lMT 1
Popular Prices....... .......:250 and 50c " QUE i; I I 1 C: V/| TNCEINT..
N. 8.-A Reserved Seat for the Matinee.. ..2so *?£ TEN nSve^ ACTS
Our Telephone, Bush 9. .AM) TEN NOVEL ACTS.
Secure Your Seats In Advance. MATINEE SUNDAY— ADMISSION FREE.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages, $1 per Year.
tries in the direct interests of an art
that I have conscientiously studied on
and off for fifty, and incessantly for
thirty, years. Recognizing the many
faults and grave shortcomings of a
long and eventful career, I still yield
to none in my undying love for the
dramatic art and its best gifted pro
fessors, and, in claiming a pardon in
rest, I leave the record of the drama of
the day to the bright lexicon of youth.
This farewell is thoroughly Scott
like, affable and ingenuous, written in
the same old style that for years has
made capital fun for Mr. Scott's Lon
don colleagues and at the same time
endeared him to the great masses,
whose ideal newspaper is realized in
the Daily Telegraph. And, as you can
see, it leaves little to be written in
eulogy of Mr. Scott by other pens. For
thirty years Clement Scott has been
the butt of the clever and the god of
the mob. His notice could make or
break a production in London, I have
been told by managers of experience.
And after an interviewer had lured
from him perhaps the only vital re
marks of his life — though heaven knows
the same thing has been said in all
ages by all men! — he up and quits. And
London loses the Mr. Marie Corelli of
dramatic criticism.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Jhe Colvimba.
Frank Daniels. Ran Francisco's old fa
vorite, will commence a season at the
Columbia Theater Monday night in "The
Idol's Eye." He is a funny little fellow;
his humor is of a magnetic, penetrating
character. It has been a long time since
Daniels was here last, fully five years.
Since then he has emerged from farce
comedy into comic opera.
Both of his operas, "The Idol's Eye"
and "The Wizard of the Nile," have !
been tested in the crucible of New York
and come out approved. According to
the New York Evening Post, that decid
edly hypercritical journal, the two pieces
were "By all odds the comic opera hits of
the season." He will produce them here
with the same cast of principals and
chorus. The two operas are by Harry
B. Smith and Victor Herbert. The scenes
of both are placed in the far East; that
of "The Idol's Eye" in India during the i
present day. that of the "Wizard of the
Nile" in Egypt during the young days of
Cleopatra before, according to the libret
tist, Smith, she knew anything of love.
Jhe TiVoli.
"The Wedding Day." a comic opera
played for two seasons throughout the
East by the Lillian Russell-Delia Fox-Jef
ferson de Angelis organization, will re
ceive its first presentation at the Tlvoli
Opera-house beginning Monday evening.
The book is written by Stanislaus Stange;
the music is by Julian Edwards, the com
poser of "Jupiter" and "Brian Boru."
The action of "The Wedding Day" takes
place in Paris and its environs about the
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. NDAY. JAN. 15. V
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part of house.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY. JAN. 16.
10— NEW VAUDEVILLK MONARCHS— IO
THE 4 A R BRAS
London and Paris' Most Recent Sensation-
Musical Acrobats.
MAX CINCINNATI
* Europe's Greatest Trick Juggler.
THE 3 /W/OLOS
European Xylophone Wonders.
..JOHNNIE CARROL and ADIE CRAWFORD..
In One-act Comedy, "Opening His Eyes."
BARTON CHAS.WILLARD
Assisted by ELLA SOTHERN and LUCILA
NUNN, In Milton Noble's Latest" Com-
edy, "Belinda Bailey's Boarders."
GEORGE EVANS
Monologue Artist.
...KRAUSE AND ROSA...
And the "Dutch Pickaninnies."
VOULETTE AND CARLOS
. Balancing Acrobats.
NT A- PIN TA
New Dances, New Electjdc Light Effects.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony\loc; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c. ■
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY for Bene-
fit of CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL FUND.
EVENING
REGULAR MATINEES SATURDAY AND
rvj . ... SUNDAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
GREAT BILL In the FREE THEATER!
....PIANKA....
THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF 2 CONTINENTS.
ARMAND'and Carmen, Comedy Sketch Artists;
WM. BENTLEY, Musical Comedian; KITTY
O'BRIEN, the "Irish Shamrock,"
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES!
...See WM. F. SAPP...
'■:■ THE OSSIFIED MAN..
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. ,
middle of the seventeenth century. The
cast will include Edwin Stevens as Poly
cop; Anna Lichter as the Queen's mes
senger, Lucille d'Herblay; William H.
West, Polycop's assistant. Planchette;
Annie Myers, the bride. Rose Marie; Wil
liam Pruette as the Due de Bouillon (his
original creation in the first production);
Maggie Francis as Aunt Hortense, Poly
cop's aunt, and Phil Branson as the bar
ber. Pomade. Miss Bernlce Holmes will
make her reappearance, after two seasons
in the East, as Mme. Montbazon. William
Schuster will be the Sergeant Saber. New
scenery costumes and, accessories nave
been made from the original models, and
the chorus and orchestra have been en
larged.
The /\!cazar.
Owing to the death of Mr. Belaeco's
mother there will be no performance at
the Alcazar to-night. The house opens
to-morrow night with another Hoyt play,
"A Temperance Town," in which this
popular playwright looses his satire on
prohibition as it is practiced in \ ermont.
Mr. Stockwell will have his old charac
ter of Mink Jones. This will be Mr. Stock
well's farewell week. After "A Temper
ance Town" there will be a revival of
"Men and Women," and after that Sol
Smith Russell's old success, "Peaceful
Valley."
Belasco and Thall will send out a com
pany next month, playing all of the prin
cipal coast towns in "The Girl I Left Be
hind Me." "Charley's Aunt." "Too Much
Johnson" and "The First Born."
The Galiforr\ia.
"Ton Tonson," the Anglo-Swedish dia
lect comedy, begins a one week's stay at
the California Theater on Monday even
ing next, when Ben Hendrlcks on this oc
casion will present the title roll, being
assisted, it is said, by an excellent com
pany. "Yon Yonson" is founded upon an
incident relating to the appropriation of
a patent belonging to Yon's father by a
life-long friend, who makes a fortune by
the theft. The friend then adopts his
victim's daughter and ships brother Yon
to the wilds of Minnesota.
The scenery is said to be picturesque
and realistic. The company assisting Mr.
Hendricks contains the names of Beatrice
Norman, Belle Francis, Ida Kruger. An
nie Mack Berlein, Georgie Bryton, George
A. Weller, Arthur Earl, Sherman Rawles,
Edward J. Mack, E. H. Bender and
George Lynne.
J^eW Gomedy.
George R. Edeson's farce comedy, "Two
Married Men," will be given in the Com
edy this week. The plot deals with the
mishaps of two benedicts who start out
to enjoy what they think an Innocent j
flirtation, little dreaming of the many !
trials and tribulations they will meet with j
before returning to their own firesides. |
New songs and specialties are introduced ;
and the company is said to be a good i
one.
Gottlob, Marx & Co. have arranged for
the presentation at the Comedy Theatet-,
beginning on the 23d inst., of "Tennesee's
Partner." The above arrangement is ow« I
ing to the loss of the Baldwin and the re
arrangement of dates of attractions
booked for the California.
The Orpheum.
The Orpheum's bill for this week has
four new numbers, and of these three
acts have been imported from Europe for j
the Orpheum circuit. The three Avolos ,
ai;e credited with being Europe's greatest i
xylophone players. The new comedy turn j
is that by the four Arbras, who are both j
acrobats and musicians. Max Cincinnati, I
famed the world over as a comic juggler,
is also a new comer, while Johnnie Car
roll was seen here about a year ago. He |
was a favorite at that time and now he
comes assisted by Miss Crawford in a
funny blackface act. Papinta begins the
last week of her engagement and Barton
Hill, Charles Willard, Ella Sothern and '
Lucila Nunn are retained in the farce, ;
"Balinda Bailey's Boarders." A special
matinee will be given on Wednesday for
the benefit of the Children's Hospital.
Jviorosco's.
The Hi Henry Minstrels will close Mo
rosco's with this evening's performance. I
Monday the work of renovating begins,
and the theater will remain dark until the
Melba Opera Company appears.
The Ghutes.
Pianka, with her performing lions, is j
creating a sensation at the Chutes Free i
Theater. Her act is the best of its kind
ever seen in this city. Next week Armand i
and Carmen, a comedy sketch team, will
appear for the first time here. William
Bentley, a musical comedian, and Kitty
O'Brien, the "Irish Shamrork, " will also
be new. The ossified man is the recipient
of hundreds of stony stares every after
noon and evening. Next Thursday even
ing there will be an amateur Amazon
march, participated in by forty young
ladies, who have never trod the boards be
fore.
The. Ol^mpia.
The Olympla has new for this week Qui- '
reta Vincent, the dancer; the three De j
Bolien Brothers, and the Drummond Sis
ters.
The Bovj Violinist.
Gerome Helmont. the famous boy vio
linist whom Ovide Musin calls "not
only a wonder but an artist and
a genius." will be heard for the
first time in this city at Sherman &
Clay Hall next Tuesday evening. Wher- I
ever the youth has played he has been
warmly praised, and we are led to expect ;
something out of the ordinary. He is ac
companied by Grace Preston, the con- ;
tralto, who toured with Nordica last sea
son, and Ida Simmons, the pianiste. The
two remaining concerts will be on j
AMUTMENTS.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
NOTE— Owing to the death of MRS. RATNA
BELAfICO there will be
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
AND DURING ENTIRE WEEK.
HOYT'S
A
TEMPERANCE
TOWN!
L. R. STOCKWELL as LAUNCELOT JONES. '
■ — . |
INGLESIDECOURSING PAKK
SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
g(] DOG STAKE! gjj
FORTY COURSES EACH DAY!
_^?" v y# ■"■' . .
Take a Mission-street car and It will land you
at the gates.
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE. •
Pi f> I <T^ INGLESIDE
#V K>m tJ *V> m TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant in ! America." —
Chicago Chronicle.
I FIVE OR MORE I
I RACES DAILY!
WEDNESDAY — THE BALBOA BOULE- I
YARD STAKES. Handicap. Three-year-olds. !
One mile.
THURSDAY-GENTLEMAN'S RACE FOR
CHALLENGE CUP. Six entries. One mile.
Trains leave Third-street station 'at 18:45 and
1:1". p. m. Round-trip tickets. 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three ■ minutes. - . , .
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
S. N. ANDROUS, President. •
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
Wednesday and Saturday afternooni, at
2:30 o'clock.
Mrs. Bates' Departure.
The playgoers of San Francisco, and
especially the patrons of the Alcazar, will
regret the retirement from the stock com
pany of that theater of Mrs. Bates, who
goes East immediately to join her daugh
ter, Blanche. Mrs. Bates is an actress of
strong personal charm and broad experi
ence, and she will be sincerely missed by
the public here.
JHE OUTEp WOpbD
A week ago Friday night in Philadel
phia Melba appeared at Mimi in Puccini's
"La Boheme." Both opera and singer
scored successes. The performance was
in Italian. This is what a critic from the
New York Herald says of Melba's work:
"As Mimi she made a charming figure in
her pffeturesque costume, and in both the
comedy and tragedy she was exceedingly
effective, especially for an actress upon
the operatic stage. One does not look for
decided histrionic talents in a prima donna
nowadays, and it was all the more grat
ifying to observe that she had studied
the dramatic as well as the vocal demands
of the opera. Alter the second act tne
recalls were repeated, and on the fall of
the third curtain there was a scene that
might almost be called an ovation. It was
most demonstrative as well as long con
tinued, and confirmed the personal suc
cess she had acnieved earlier in the even
ing."
Cissy Loftus, who is under contract to
appear at Koster & Bial's, New York, has
refused to do so so long as the much dis
cussed tableau "T'n Affaire d'Honneur" is
being shown. She claims through ncr
lawyers that she would not witness it
from the front and certainly will not show
on the same stage with it. Manager
Aarons tersely says: "If sne does not ap
pear here next week I shall see that she
appears nowhere else in America."
Sarasate has two superb Stradivarius in
struments and other violins of different
makes. He has besides in his vest pocket
a miniature case in silver no larger than
a locket in which lies a tiny, tiny violin,
counterpart of his favorite, in real violin
woods and strings, perfectly proportioned,
and which can be taken out and looked at.
He is very fond of this toy. Bpeaking of
the condition of violin art at present, Sar
asate makes the remark: "The subject
speaks for itself. We have neither Paga
nini nor Stradivarius."
Olive May. the actress, yesterday ob
tained a temporary injunction restraining
her former husband. Henry Guy Carle
ton, from making any further contracts
for the performance of his play called
"The Butterflies." Miss May secured a
divorce from Mr. Carleton several months
ago in Dakota on the ground of abandon
ment. She was married to him while she
was playing in "The Butterflies." Mr.
Carleton has more divorces to his credit
than any other living playwriter.
Olga Nethersole ought to be a lucky
woman. She says she has the dramatic
rights to one of Kipling's stories, a new
Filay by Max O'Rell and a promise of one
rom Rostand.
Jobyna Howland has been drawn more
times than any actress on the American
stage, and yet she is a mere girl in years.
The explanation of this is that she served
as the model for Charles Dana Gibson,
and her beauty and grace added much to
the charm of his pictures. Her most fa
mous work was the illustrations for "Ru
pert of Hentzau," in which she is now
playing Flavla in the dramatization.
Stuart Robson recently made a trip
from Boston to New York via Rotterdam
Junction, which any experienced traveler
will recall is not the shortest or most nn-
Joyable trip from there to Gotham. Rob
son arrived at Weehawken tired and
dusty and was awaiting the ferry to take
him 'across, when he was approached by
a ragged member of the Weary Waggles
brigade, whose make-up and appearance
would have shamed any stage tramp ex
tant, and who in a quivering voice said:
"Please, mister, will you be so good as
to give a pnor tramp a nickel? I'm broke
and I want to get across the river." The
comedian .slowly extracted the necessary
coin from his "pocket and placing it in
the hand of the mendicant said: "There
you are, my poor man. but I don't see
what difference it makes which side of
the river you are on, as long as you're
broke."
Morltz Rosenthal, the pianist, tells a
story, which is none the less sarcastically
witty for being purely of his own inven
tion. As the performance of a certain
composition at an orchestral concert In a
large. German city drew to a close, a dis
concerting smell of smoke became notice
able: the conductor, fearing a stampede
if the alarm of fire should become general,
had the quick wit to turn to the audiev.rr
and proclaim In his loudest voice: "La
dies and gentlemen, .the orchestra will
now play the fourth symphony in E minor
by Brahms!" Not a smil darrd to leave his
seat for fear of being thought unmusical.
"Cyrano de Bergerac" was presented
in P'itsburg at the Grand Opera-house
with a vengeance. Advertisements say
the outfit consisted of ten tons of scenery,
sixty-eight actors and two hundred supers
on the stage.
"Caesar and Cleopatra" Is the subject of
Bernard Shaw's latest dramatic work.
Tn five acts and eight scenes, it begins
with the arrival of Caesar in Egypt, in
pursuit of Pompey, after the battle of
Pharsalia. It terminates with his depart
ure, atter six months' stay at Alexandria,
with "The Serpent of Old Nile." The en
tire episode was rejected by Froudo as
mythical, but Mr. Shaw has found more
than sufficient warrant for his view in
Mommsen's copious details of the inci
dent With its successor, already near
ing' completion, and "The Devil's Disci
pline " it will be the third volume of Mr.
Shaw's plays, to be published early in
the spring.
Novelli, the Italian actor, is said to have
put into the mouth of a character in "The
Merchant of Venice" recently in a Paris
theater, to please the anti-Semites, a
proposition that the ships of Antonio
were wrecked by the co-religionists of the
maligned usurer. He also cuts away
ruthlessly those parts of the play which
do not erfve him sufficient prominence. To
compensate for these losses he has added
an entire scene, which will not be found
in any edition of Shakespeare, to give him
full opportunity for the exercise of his
powers.
Belasco's adaptation. "Zaza." produced
by Mrs Leslie farter in Washington,
Christmas night, has made a lasting im
pression there. According to Eastern ad
vices "Zaza" will run "Cyrano de Ber
gerac" a close race for popularity.
An English dramatic critic writes
about playbills: "An old playgoer calls
my attention to a laxity in theater man
agement that has often puzzled me and
has never been explained. 'Why are not
play bills dated?" Dated playbills make
history. Undated playbills lead to lunacy.
After forty years' service in the sup
posed interests of the drama I suppose I
have a goodly collection of playbills, all
preserved in puard hooks in connection
with every theater in 1.-nndon. Not a
tenth of these playbills are dated. I can
not therefore, go to these playbills for
history, but must rummage about my
bunks and the books on stage history be
tween ISSO and ISOS are rare Indeed for
purposes of reference. Where Is our Gen
est? We wanted to make E. L. Hlanchard
our modern Genest, and arranged to ap
point him the stage historian and thus
make him happy for the rest of his life.
But the scheme broke down. Blancnard
died and the story of the stage from
Maeready to Irving has yet to be written
and indexed."
This is written by the indlpnant dra
matic critic of the Cincinnati Enquirer:
"\ crrtaln New York weekly asserts
that the dramatic critic? of the lame and
halting West 'keep carefully a scrapbook
containing the New York reviews of all
kinds and conditions of pieces.' The West
can repudiate the aspersion with ease.
The tons of New Y<>rk "reviews'— God.
save the mark— mailed, carried and
shipped into the West keep thousands of
office cats plump and healthy, raise mil
lions of foot pounds of steam and produce
miles of new paper at the mills. Other
wise New York rovlews are as valuable
to Western dramatic critics as Confed
erate money in a national hank."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS
OPEN DAILY FROM 1 TO 11.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSE*
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Direr advanced.
Wheat easy and Barley dull.
, Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
' Hay slightly lower.
Bran and Middlings unchanpt.i.
JVl'-is "Till ?Ot"f]« ilttll.
'* Grain Bags still higher.
• \ii,i;taul<rs ,i.u anceu.
J otatoo3 Qrm and Onions ea:-y.
Store Kartrs cleaned up and firm.
. Uiitter unchanged^
Poultry market bare. Game uulct.
Fruit dull and plentiful.
Provisions unchanged.
Hid?s tii in.
Hoi« and Wool the same as before.
M< al market ■tiff.
Benstne and Gasoline Mgher.
Bank Clearings show 0 loss.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last weuk were $15,268,
--•300, against 517.U4.488 for the same week last
year.
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the different United States
m'nts in IVJS was as follows:
Doub'.o eagles $34,912,900 00
Eagles 12.8. .7,970 00
• Half eaglet 10,154.47s 00
Quarter eagles • . '">
Silver dollars 14,426,735 Ofl
Half dollars ».»...•.. a.. . •.•
Quarter dollars 3,495 7;,
4>ltne-? 2,015.324 20
Five cents 826,604 3s
Cents 498,230 79
■ •. v ■ ;
Total $102,144,h?6 09
In 1897 %,041,252 50
THE GOVERNMENT BALANCE SHEET.
For the first six months "'. the fiscal year the
Government rec< i;>ts compare as follows:
1897. 1898
Customs $62,826,021 $96,043,839
■Internal revenue 5;..4'.' 1 >.2.>4 135.334.340
Miscellaneous 59,437,349 11,521,711
Total ;. $207,760,574 $245,961,890
The expenditures for the same interval com
pare as follows:
1S:»7. 1S!»S.
• Civil 355,496.942 $:.0,720,753
• War 3.'.011,73S 146.0 M.920
Navy 17,165,615 36.309.459
Indians 4,!M5.737 5,674,08.".
Pensions 76,483.319 71.306,5f.3
Interest 19.100,831 19,173,152
Total ...$205,204,212 $329.G51,312
The war expenditures last year account for
the heavy Increase in the disbursements.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates in circula
tion December 31 were as follows:
1897. IS9S
Gold 335.557.689 $33.200;2.-9
Sliver 376,695.592 392.351.995
Currency 103.443,936 94.942,741
Total $516,697,217 $522,474,995
There has been an increase of $15, 700, In
silver ertiftcates during the year and a de
crease of $8,500,000 in silver treasury notes. The
oertiflcat? circulation has increased about $44,
--000,000 in the past four years.
MONEY IN GOVERNMENT VAULTS.
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
pi it= the amount of money on hand at the
close of December as follows:
Geld coin $139,654,545
.Gold bullion 142.074.559
Silver dollars 405,1^61,304
Small silver 5,969,343
Silver bullion 92.192.208
Total specie 1784.942,289
United States notes 34,265,278
§ Treasury notes of 1890 1.550.539
Gold certificates U60&.740
Silver certificates 7,095,509
Currency certificates 220,0ih>
National bank notes 5,4*0.141 I
Minor coin, etc 339.272
Deposits in national banks 94,860,916 !
Miscellaneous 33,667
Total $930,431,3.51 !
At the close of December, 1>97, the money in
these vaults amounted to $861,391,371. Of this
amount $704,760,920 was in specie, including
$101,910,176 in gold coin and $13,539,060 in gold I
bullion. The silver bullion on hand is over ■
$10,000,000 — than it was a year ago.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following arc the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
laft season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.01 15.45 16.62
Red 81uff....- 0.70 11.95 6.27
Sacramento 0.36 7.25 5.04
San Francisco 0.21 7. 38 4.73
Fresno Trace 3.3S 2.22
Kan Luis Obispo Trace 6.34 . 2.40
Lbs Angeles 0.00 2.38 3.77
Pan Diego 0.00 3.41 2.94
Vuma 0.00 1.33 1.02
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
t";;; minimum. 47; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
, ; FORECAST.
A moderate storm is central off the mouth
of the Columbia River, which is causing high
winds and rain on the Oregon coast, and light
rain as far south as San Luis Obispo an 1
Fresno in 'aMlornia. At Fort Canby, the wind
is blowing .'orty-elght miles per hour from the
south, and at Portland a maximum velocity is
reported as forty miles from the soutn.
. Th>. pressure Is falling <iuite rapidly at Eu
reka and points to northward.
It Is probable that rain will continue in
Northern California during Sunday, with high
southeast to Ithwest winds on the coast
north of Cape Mendocino.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
bours ending midnight, January 15.
Northern California— Rain Sunday; high
southeast shifting to southwest winds on north
ern const.
Southern California— Generally cloudy Sun
"day; iresh southwest wind.
Nevada— Generally cloudy, with light local
snow ur rain.
Generally cloudy, with local Enow or
rain in extreme northern part.
na— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Rain Sunday;
brisk to high southeast, shifting to southwest
win'i.
.11 report from Mt. Tamalpais— Foggy ;
wind south; twelve miles; temperature, 42;
maxlroui ire, 44-
W. 11. UAMMON, Professor in Charge.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— transactions of
the Stock Exchange to-day were the largest for
a tw i hours' session in many years, and had
the me volume contlnut-d for the usuai live
hours" trailing it would have been within a
quarter of a- million of two million shares. Ab
it was there were nearly 700,000 shares dealt
In and the average net rise In prices was from
1 to 2 points in the shares which figured most
extensively In the dealings. There was a di
version of interest from the Pacific* into
higher-priced cks, the Grangers being the
Kulners. The excitement on the floor ot the
ritock Sxcbange was tremendous. There was
an unusually large attendance of brokers for
the short nrsslnrt. as the constant Influx of
outside '.nu-rs rendered it necessary for the
large dealers to transfer considerable of their
business tv the bands of nnaller broken at
the regular commission between members.
Slocks opened buoyant and active. Hign
priced records passed unnoticed in the con
lubion. lirok^rs fought to execute orders and
simultaneous transactions in many shares were
widely apart, London had early received large
]>urchas!nK orders Irom this side and the quo
tations crom that quarter showed gen«raj ad
vances. The rapidity of the rise brought out
immense blorks on realizing sales, but the
sustained buying power of the market absorbed
all offerings alter a temporary reaction and
prices again mounted upward. The market
halted momentarily pending the publication of
the weekly bank statement, but on its appear
ance, showing as it did Increases of $4,(32,700
in -the surplus reserve and $3,042,200 in the loan
account, bullish enthusiasm WM resumed with
violence. Commission houses were easily th«
largest buyers. The extreme gains in the Pa
cifies were only fractional, while in the
Grangers they ranged from 1 in St. Paul to ■ 4
in Burlington, and in the active coalers from
1 to 2'<4. The Gould and Vanderbllt stocks
were comparatively neglected, except Southern
Railway. The greatest strength and activity
was shown In the Grangers, Atehison, the
Reading*. Bouthern preferred, Federal Steel
preferred an.'. Brooklyn Rapid Transit. Points
r.f heaviness were Great Northern preferred.
Illinois Central, Lead and I.aclede Gap. Gen
erally speaking, while there were some sharp
recessions from the extraordinary high open-
Ins, the market regained most of the decline.
The market rinsed with some irregularity, but
generally strong and active, with important
gains In many oases. A noteworthy feature
was a large rise in Burlington on renewed
gossip concerning the prospective refunding of
its outstanding bonds.
This talk, however, was little more definite
than usual. New York Air Brake made an
extreme advance of 9 points, while Southern
Railway preferred and Atehison preferred were
up over 2 points each and Federal Steel com
mon, which has lately been rather neglected,
although reacting from top prices, ended witii
a net gain nf IV The largest trading in any
specialty was in Brooklyn Rapid Transit, which
had an Initial rise of 2 points on confirmation
of its acquiring control of the Nassau Electric
Company. The week's business van the most
remarkable In the history of Wall street.
Transactions for the week in stocks reached
tli* enormous figure of 5.812.000. making th"
dally avrage for the full day's session over
]/-nn,or>n shares.
Dealings In the bond market were attended
with the usual marked variations in the semi
speculative Issues. There was a general dis
position to employ idle capital in the stock
trading, where the rapid fluctuations gave
promise of a speedy profitable return. Invest
ment houses reported that their books were
tilled up with orders for prime liens, and al
though Issues of this character came to hand
through foreign sales the absorptive power of
the market prevented any shading In prices.
United States 2's advanced 4 and the 3's and
the new 4's 4 in the hid price.
United States B*a coupon declined 4. do reg
istered \ and the old 4's registered 4.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 708.415
shares, including: Atchison, 21.onO; do pre
ferred. 85,280; Central Pacific, 7000; Burlington.
25.910; Manhattan. 15.210; Reading preferred.
19.900; Northern Pacific. 9757; do preferred. 4300;
O. and N., 3240; Rock Island, 2fi.420; Union Pa
cific, 7130; St. Paul. 18.620; Southern Pacific,
11,000; Southern Railway. 52,520; do preferred.
30.910; Texas and Pacific. 3600; Union Pacific
preferred, 7000; Cotton Oil. It. 600; Tobacco,
4600; Steel. 42.240; do preferred. 3620; People's
Gas. fifl?0: Brooklyn Transit, 65,420; Pacific Mail,
3850; Sugar, 10.670.
CLOSING STOCKS.
1 Atchison 22%;5t L & S F 9'i
Do prefd 574 Do Ist prefd.... 67%
B& O. all ast pd 65% Do 2d prefd.... 36%
Canada Pacific .. S6 Bt L & S TV 7%
Canada Southern. 5.',\ Do prefd 20%
I Central Pacific .. 46% St Paul 125%
; Ches & Ohio 27 I Do prefd 167
I Chi & Alton 168%' St P & Om ?7%
I Chi H & Q 132% Do prefd 167
i Chi & E 111 62 StPMft M...., 180
I Do prefd 1144 Pacific 39H
. Chicago G W.... 15% So Railway IS""!
i Chi Ind & L. 9 | Do prefd 48Ti
; Do prefd 34' ITexas * Pacific. 18%
. Chi & N W 146% L'nlon Pacific ... 47
■ Do prefd IS9 I", pi.-t.i '.<%
i C C C & St L.... 47%'U P D .V; G 134
| Do prefd 97 iWabash 8%
I Del & Hudson... 112 j Do prefd 22%
1 Del I, & \V 1f.7% Wheel & L E 6%
| Den & R G 2<Hi' Do prefd 26%
Do prefd 70 I Express Companies-
Erie fIMW) IS .Adams Ex 10S
Do Ist nrofd 394 American Ex 140
Fort Wayne IS2 lUnlted States .... 59
Gt Nor prefd .... 160 'Wells Fargoi 12S
i Hocking Valley... 2% I Miscellaneous—
; Illinois Central .. 116% A Cot Oil 36
L E & W 16% 'Do prefd 894
Do prefd 65% Amn Spirits 13%
Lake Shore 19S , Do prefd 37%
Louis & Nash.... 66% Am Tobacco 147%
Manhattan L .... 108 Vi Do prefd 139
Mcl St Ry :. IS9 Cons Gar, 189%
Mich Central .... 112 Com Cable C 0.... 175
Minn & St L 38 Col F & Iron 33%
Do Ist prefd.... 97% Do prefd 94
. Mo Pacific 45% Gen Electric ICCU
Mobile & 0hi0... 364 Haw Com Co 51 Vt
: Mo X & T 14% i Brooklyn R T.... Mtt
Do prefd 3S%!lntl Paper C 0.... 624
X J Central 102% l Do prefd 93\
N V Central 12.". Laclede Gas r>34
N V Chi & St L. 14% Lead 3S
Do Ist prefd.... 70 ' Do prefd 113%
Do s<l prefd.... 36% Nat Lin Oil 8%
Nor We«t 19 ! Pacific Mall 46
Xo Amer Co 7 [People's Gas 111%
No Pacific 48 Pullman Palace . 16(1%
Do prefd Silver Certificates 59%
' Ontario & W 204 Stand R & T.... 10
■ Or R & Nay 50% Sugar 127
lOr Short Line.... 46% Do prefd 111%
Pac C Ist prefd... 87 T C & Iron 36%
Do 2d prefd.... 67% U S Leather 7< t
i Plttsburg ISO ' Do prefd 71
> Reading 23% U S Rubber 46%
Do l«t prefd 57% Do prefd 114%
! RGW 29 West Union 94%
Do prefd 61 Federal Steel .... 53 Vi
Rock Island 116% Do prefd S3 4
CLOSING BONDS.
i D S 3s 107S1 Do 4s 93%
I V S new 4s reg.. 129% N V Central lsts. 115%
Do coup 129% J C 5s 114%
| U S 4b 111% N Carolina 6s 130
Do coup 112% No Pac lets 115%
Do '-Ms »8%l Do 3s 69%
D B3s reg 112% Do 4s 102%
Do 5s coup 1124 N V C & St L 4s. 108%
I District 3.65s 118% Nor & W 6s 125
I Ala class A 107 Northwstrn cons. 142
Do H 107 Do deb us 119
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 113%
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay 4s 101%
Atchison 4s ...... K»l% O S Line 6s tr.... 130%
, Do adj 4s 80 OS Line 5s 1r.... 110 I
Can So 2ds 110 Reading 4s 86% ;
C & O 4%s 93 IB G W lsts 91% 1
Chi Term 4s M% St L & I M C ss. 109 |
C A Ohio 5s IIS St L & S F G 6s. 123 I
jC H & D 4%5.... 104% St P Con 161
, D & R G lsts.... 108%{St PC & P lsts.. 119 I
' P & R Q 4s 100% Do 5s 120
Bast Term lsts... 103% So Railway 5s 106 I
Erie Gen 4s 71% Stand R & T 65.. 88
IFW st 13 lsts tr. 85 'i>nn new set 35.. 96Vi '
GenElec 5s 110 Tex PL G lsts... 109%
i G H & S A 65.... 107 Do Reg 2ds 47%
Do 2ds 103 f P D & G lsts. 91
EiTC 5s 110 Wab Ist 5s 113<4 j
10 con 6? 117 I Do 2ds 97
lowa C lsts 110 W Shore 4s 112
La new cons 45.. 103 Va Centuries S5
L & N Uni 45.... 96% Do deferred .... S
: Missouri Cs 100 Wls Cent lsts 624 I
j M X & T 2ds 69%
MININC, STOCKS.
Chollar lOjOntario 5 00 !
Crown Point 10'Ophir 45
I Con Cal & Va.... 1 13 i Plymouth 10 I
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 50 i
I Gould & Curry... 22 Do prefd 550 j
! Hale & Norcross.. 07 Sierra Nevada ... 60 (
I Homestake 50 00 standard 2 00
; Iron Sliver 11 I'nion Con 26
I Mexican 25 i Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
j Money — Do prefd » 63%
Call loans 2rf?3 Wis Central l l i
i Time loans 3«?4 Ed El Tel 195
Stocks— Gen Eleo prefd... 165
A T & S F 22% Atchison prefd ... 58
Amer Sugar 127V4 Bonds-
Do prefd 111% Atchison 4s 991.4
Bay State Gas... I .j Mining Shares—
i Bell Telephone.... 2!<4 AUouez Mm C 0... 6%
! Boston & Albany. 2."2 I Atlantic 33
1 Boston & Maine. 171 Boston & Mont... 2774
! B-lston L S6 Butte & Boston... 85
; Chi Bur & Q 332% calumet & Hecla. 640 >
; Kitchburg 115 Centennial ...". 33%
1 Gen Electric 100. Franklin 21%
' Mexican Central . 5% Old Dominion ... 36% 1
1 N V & N Eng.... 9'J Osceola S3
i Old Colony 199 Quincy 145 ;
]Or Short Line.... 45% Tamarack 198 '
: Rubber M% AVolverlne 37
Union Pacific ... 4S Parrott 37%
j West End 93 iHumboldt 2% i
1 Westinghouse El. 44 'Union Land 12% ;
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14— The Financier snys:
In the face of a continued demand for funds,
the New York banks are taining cash and
adding to their reserve? in large amounts. It
had been anticipated that the banks would
show a gain as n result of the past six days'
business, but the increase was much larcer
than earlier calculations called for. The
steady gain in specie reflects continued re
ceipts, not only from the West, but from other
points as well. In fart, the gain Is ex
clusively from outside shipments, since pres
ent operations with the Treasury are resulting
In weekly losses to the New York banks. The
expansion in loans, coming after the decrease
of the week ending January 7. Is only logical.
BtOi k dealings are on such an enormous scale
that borrowinx on collateral is resuming the
activity noted during the dose of the year.
It is not probable that the loans represent
sterling operations, as under present circum-
Btaneea liquidation la more in order than ex
pansion. The heavy rai-h receipts, coupled
with the loan increase, are responsible for the
addition of nearly nine millions to the deposit
account, and a.x increased requirements neces
sitated an addition of more than two and a.
quarter millions to that fund, the gain in ex
ceaa cash was only $4,732,700. The surplus re
serve is now ?28.2ti3,07r>. an amount larger than
has be«'n reported since August 20 last, when
Pa we;-,. tK.OOO.OM less and loans nearly
$45,000,000 below present totals. As the move
ment toward New York is likely to Rdd heav
ily to the already idle cash here, it Is only
natural to anticipate an easy money market
for a long time to come, accompanied by con
tinued Stock Kxchange transactions on a
largT scale. Of course, unforeseen cash may
operate to check the activity now bo promi
nent, but events seem to favor indefinite ex
panaion. With money abroad approaching our
own level, gold import talk has subsided. It
is an interesting commentary on present con
ditions to note that the clearing house banks,
while making new records from week to weelc
in clearings and everything else, have yet
more Idle money to take care of than they
themselves like to wee.
LONDON MARKET.
I/ftroOK, Jan. 14.— Canadian. SSH: Grand
Trunk, 75H: bar silver, 27^d per ounce; money, ]
l'u\' t per cent.
MADRID. Jan. 14.— Spanish fours closed to
day at 60.40.
NEW YORK GRAIN AKD PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts. 16,
--000 barrels; exports, 22,690; market dull, but
steady. Winter patent*. IS 75&"4; winter;
straights. ?3 55(u3 f.5; Minnesota patents. $3 85
<g4 15; winter extras, $2 70f«3: Minnesota bak
ers', $3<fi'3 30; winter low grades, $2 40@2 65.
WHEAT- Receipts. 350,400 bushels; exports,
139, 833. Spot "steady. No. I ml. Bty&c f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened steady and
ruled very dull and featureless all the forenoon.
Scalpers round their efforts to break the market
checked by liberal clearances, the influence of
yesterday's good export trade and steady
cables; closed steady and unchanged. March,
78Hc: May, 75 11-!6c: closed 75^4c.
HOPS— Steady. State common to choice. 1R96
crop, 7@Bc; 1897 crop. ll$13c; 1898 crop. 18<f?19c;
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop. 7<JTSc; 1597 crop, ll@)3c;
189R crop, 16^1 19c.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston. 16Vic; Texas, dry,
lie; California, 18c.
WOOL— Firm; fleece, 17<fi22c: Texas. ll@l4c.
PIGIRON— Steady. Southern. JlO 25ft !1 75;
Northern, fin 2'.fril2 2."..
• TipPEß— Firm. Brokers', $14 25.
LEAD- Strong— Brokers'. $3 92V4.
TIN PLATES— Firm.
COFFEE— Options closed dull at net un
changed prices. Sales, 260 bags, including
March, $5 05.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio, dull. No. 7, Invoice.
6Hc; No. 7 Jobbing, 7Vic. Mild— Quiet, about
steady. Cordova, 7%@15c.
SI CAR— Raw. dull and unsettled. Fair re
fining, 3 13-16 c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 5-lfic:
molasses sugar, 3 9-16 c. Refined, quiet. Mold
A. ii'^c; standard A, 4T4c: confectlonete' a.j
V/ic: cut loaf, s\ic; crushed. 5%c; powapred/
s»*e; granulated. sc; cubes, s\fcc. \_/
BUTTER— Receipts, 2558 packages; stea3}\
TJELK SAM I'KAJNCISUU CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
State dairy, 13@18c; State creamery, 16@194c;
Western dairy. 15<g20c; Elglns, 20c; factory,
j 12®144c. 4
EGGS— Receipts, 2522; steady. State and
1 Pennsylvania, 22c; Western, 20% c; Southern,
! 20@20%c. ,
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— California dried fruita,
quiet. • • . .
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7%<gßc;
- prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, 9@9%c;
fancy, 10c.
PRUNES-3%@10%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark, . 13@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 8@ll%c; peeled, 21@23c.
CHICAGO MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. Steadiness was imparted
to Wheat here at the start, owing: to Liver
pool quotation* showing yesterday's advance
well maintained. The market, however, soon
felt the effect of the prevailing local bearish
sentiment in the absence of outside buying
, orders to counteract it. Business was very
I dull and individual transactions gave no indi
\ cation of supreme confidence on the other side
of the market. May opened 4c higher at
70% c, but declined to 70% c almost immediately.
About this time New York reported good sized
buying orders from the Continent . for Wheat
and as there was a good deal 01 apprehension
among the crowd as to the condition of winter
Wheat, should severe cold succeed the present
I thaw, prices began to show signs of advanc
ing. Bradstreet's reported the week's exports
of Wheat and Flour at 5,648.000 bushels and
the total shipments to Europe from all export-
Ing countries at 7,200,000 bushels, wnieh would
leave all but about 1,600,000 bushels from this
side. Such evidence of European dependence
upon this country was a great Inducement to '
i holders to raise the price, and May advanced !
1 to 71% c. where it closed.
! In view of the liberal receipts and a further
; heavy market at Liverpool bulls In Corn had
hard work to keep their specialty,! from sag
ging. Puts had been sold yesterday close to
the market and this acted as a sustaining in
fluence. May closed with a loss of %c.
Oats were stead with only small speculative
interest manifested within an extremely nar
row range. May left off a shade lower.
Liberal receipts of hogs and scattered selling
at the start weakened provisions. As the ses
sion progressed, however, active buying by
packers with light offerings started an ad
vance. Pork closed 10c higher and lard and
ribs 24c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 70% 71% 70% 714
July 69 69% 68% 694
Corn No. —
January 34% 34% 34% 34%
May 374 37% 36% 37
July 874 37% 37% 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 2S 28 27% 27%
July 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mees pork, per barrel—
January 9 85
May „ 10 05 10 15 10 00 10 15
Lard, per IjO pounds —
January 5 50 5 52% 660 5 50
May 5 674 5 72% 5 674 5 724
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 4 80
May 5 00 5 07% 5 00 5 07%
i Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
, j and steady: winter patents, $3 60(§:3 70;
' ! straights. $3 30@3 40; spring patents, -hard, $3 40
(S3 60; bakers 1 , $2 20@2 50; straits, *2 So@3 20;
1 No. 2 spring- wheat, 67H@6Jc; No. 3 spring
. ' wheat, 64@68c: No. 2 red, 71c; No. 2 corn, 36c;
i No. 2 oats. 27c; No. 2 white. 29%<§'30c; No. 3
: ! white, 29fi29Hc; No. 2 rye, 56% c; No. 2 barley.
' ' 43<37>2<-: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 14© 1 14%: prime tim
; '' othy seed $2 35; mess pork, per bbl., $9 Ss@9 90;
I lard, per 100 lbs.. $5 50®5 52>£; short ribs sides
i (loose) $4 70@4 95; dry -salted shoulders (box
-1 ed), 4'4«i4%c: «short clear sides (boxed). Js@
■ n 10; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal..
1 $1 27; sugars, cut loaf, 5.70 c; granulated, 5.20 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
1 Flour, bbls 18,000 35.000
: Wheat, bush 106,000 71.000
1 Corn bush 597,000 238,000
Oats bush 195.000 174,000
Rye, bush 12,000 43,000
Barley, bush 59.000 ■ 16.000 ;
i On the Produce Exchange to-<Tay the Butter
i market was easy. Creameries, 14@19c; dairies,
i 11^17c. Eggs, dull, fresh lS@lBHc Cheese
| steady, cream 9 1^@l!c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 317,068 2G.360
I Duluth 148,055 68,631
Milwaukee 20.300 70.000
i Chicago 105.750 71.052
Toledo « 20.881 21. 00 i)
St. Louis 33.000 27.000
I Detroit ••llPll
| Kansas City
Totals 645,054 254.273
Tidewater—
Boston 29,725 64,261
i New York 350.400 139,833
i Philadelphia 26.396 17.216
Baltimore 34,453 177,372
New Orleans 157,671
i Galveston 49,532
Totals 490.506 556,353
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
: Opening 5 lOVi 5 $%.
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening
i Closing 45 60 45 95
Wheat—
| Opening •
j Closing „„ 21 75 2190
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— The demand for cattle
to-day was of a restricted character, but the
j limited offerings prevented any decline In I
prices. Fancy cattle, $s<g6; choice steers, Jo 40
i @5 75: medium, $4 75<g"5; beef steers. $3 75® 4 70;
bulls, $2 60(53 40; cows and heifers, J3 30®4;
Western fed steers, $4@5 60; Texas steers, $3 60
<&4 90; calves, $4©7 10.
There was a big run of hogs, and prices
: started off 2%@oc lower, i packers and Eastern
I shippers bought freely and the early decline
; was fully recovered. Bulk of sales, 13 60©
1 3 72^. Fair to choice, $3 60®3 77 ,4; packers 1
! lets. $3 45<S'3 57%; mixed. $3 s<v<j3 65; butchers'
[$3 50<??3 72V4; lights, $3 4S®3 67>,4: pigs, %3r<iZ 4 r
! The limited offerings of sheep were well taken
j at yesterday's prices, lambs being salable at
|M? 6 10; sheep. J2 50i@4 -•'■; yearlings, $4<?i4 .'..'
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hoga, 26.000; sheep, 4000.
NEW YORK EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14. -The Imports of dry
gooda and general merchandise at the port of
I New York for this week were valued at $3,919.
--■ 091. The imports of specie this week were
! 115.91G In jjold and $77. 26.". In sliver. Exports of
j gold and silver from this port to all countries
| ior this week aeKregate $1.016,!>.i0 silver bars
i and coin and $ins,Bß6 gold.
. CASH IN THE TREASURY.
■WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of thp treasury shows*:
Available cash balance, $2^2,128,614; gold re
; serve, $237,0<Xi,'Jl<S.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
, LONDON*. Jan. 14.— Consols. 111%; Silver,
; 27H; French Rentes, lOlf 1114 c: wheat cargoes
I off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
j nothing doing; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss 3d.
• LIVERPOOL.. Jan. 14.— Wheat. steady;
I wheat In Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm.
I COTTON— Upland, 3 5-32.
CLOSE.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 14.— Wheat futures closed
! quiet, unchanged to He lower; March, 6s 10Vd
; May. f.s S\d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 Red Western Winter,
; steady, 6b 3d; No. 1 Northern Red Spring, dull,
; 6s.
j CORN— American mixed new stocks ex
! hauMed; American mixed old. steady, 3s lOHd.
FLOUR— St. Louis winter, dull. 7s 9d.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), dull, JE4
10s(j £5 ios.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. COTTON— Steady,
middling. fi 1-I6c.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 14— COTTON—
middling, 5 i-16c. f
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan. 14.— Exchanges. $239,230;
balances, $77,371. • :..•-:.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Jan. 14. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, f.9e; valley, 61@$2c; bluestem, 63c.
I Cleared ßritish bark Inverlochy, for Queens-
I town, with 89,950 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 14.— WHEAT— Club, E9c; blue
stem, 62<§63c. v
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
I Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S3'4
I Sterling- Exchange, sight — 4 S6'-4
Sterling Cables .......: — 4 874
i New York Exchange, sight — " ; 13
i New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17V4
! Fine Sliver, per ounce. — BU
Mexican Dollars ..'................ — - 47V5&48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week closed on a dull and
I easy market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, »1 13%@1 15; milling/
U17%®120.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May — 2000
ct lf, $1 16V4 ; 10,000, $1 16%.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Forenoon Session — — 2000 ctls,
U 16*4; 36,000, $1 17; 48.000. $1 17%. ; ,
BARLEY— There was another, drop in fu
tures, but sellers continued to ask the -old
/rices for spot Feed. ' ' "mtirtfiwr^" "rrtf rflff tutnt
/ Feed. $1 27V4@1 30; Brewing-. U 35@1 45 per
ctl. -■:';..■ ;..-...■•.-■.■«■ :,.-: .-.! -
' CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal session— 9:ls ; ; o'clock — Seller 'M
(new), 16,000 ctsl, 85c-
Second Session — No sales
Regular Forenoon Session— May— «ooo ctls,
$1 16\i; 2000, $1 16; 2000, $1 164. Seller '99 (new),
2000. 85% c; 4000. SuTfeC.
OATS— Dealers quote a very dull market.
Fancy Feed. $1 35^1 374 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 30@l 324; common, $1 274: Surprise,
$1 42H@1 50; Gray, $1 30S1 35; Milling, $1 324®
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 55©1 65; Black. $1 60@l 75.
CORN— There is very little demand. Prices
are unchnnged.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low. $1 1001 124; white. $1 12401 15; mixed.
$1 074<gl 36 per ctl; California white. $1 124®
RYE— California, $1 174@1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25(53 50: Buckwheat
Flour, J4<3>4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
• barrels). $5 5.".!g6 25; in sacks $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is slightly lower, as buyers are holding
off on account of the rain. There Is no
change in Bran and Middlings.
BRAN-J2O 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22(S24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26 50@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill. ?31<g>31 50;
Jobbing. 882082 50: Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $25(&30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, J24(n25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 50@17 50 for ;
good to choice and $ln<til6 for lower grades; j
no fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, J15@17;
Oat, $14igU6; Island Barley, $14(?15; Al
falfa. $12013: Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Titan, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $14®15; Cheat.
$12 50013; Alfalfa. ; Oat, $14<r?15; Clover,
$11 .'o^l2 50; Timothy. $12tffl3 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further change of any descrip
tion.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85<ffl 95; Small Whites. $2
02 16; Large Whites, $1 7R@l S5; Pinks, $2W
2 10: Reds, $3 20-573 35; Blackeye, $3 75: Butters,
$2fg2 DO; Llmas, $3 25(^3 35; Pea, $2 35® 2 M); Red
Kidney?, $2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50 per ctl; yel
low Mustard. $4 - i?4 10; Flax, $2.f?2 25; Canary
Seed, 24^2%c per lb; Alfalfa, fi(g7c: Rape, 2,4 !
@2%c: Hemp, 2Vio3c; Timothy. 5@54c
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 75 !
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue firm. Sweets are selling at
a wliler range, as many arc poor. Onions are
easy. Vegetables are doing better. Mush
rooms drug the market.
POTATOES— 7S@BSc per ctl for Early Rose; I
95c@$l 10 per sack for River Burbanks: Peta
luma Burbanks, $ligl 10; Oregon, $1 10@l 35;
Sweet Potatoes, $I*3l 75 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 14Q2c per lb.
ONIONS— 7SOBIc per ctl; Oregon. $1S?1 10.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 801Oe; String
Beans, 10ftl24c; Cabbage, 4OOMc; Tomatoes, $1 I
(gl 50 for Los Angeles Egg Plant, 12'jC per I
lb; Garlic. 7c per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per lb; ■
Green Peppers, 4^.'.c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10 j
Qlfic; Marrowfat Squash, 810011 per ton; Car-;
rota, 25@35c per sack: Mushrooms, s'S74c per j
lb for large and 74*8 124 c for buttons.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The poultry market is bare and firm, but '■
there will be more Eastern here In a day or j
two.
Game is quiet, but receipts are light.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15® 17c; live ■
Turkeys. 13©14 c for Gobblers and 13@14c for j
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 5002; Ducks, $4 Vug)
5 50; Hens, $4 6006 50; young Roosters, $6^6 50;
old Roosters, $4 >.:.; Fryr.s 35 SO^ti; liroil- 1
ers. $5^5 50 for large, $3 Ko'g4 60 for small; :
Pigeons, $l'jl 25 per dozen for old and $2®2 25
for Squ&be.
GAME— Quail. 11250150; Mallard. $.1 sfi«r4: |
Canvasback, SSO6; Sprig, $2'ft2 60; Teal. $1 ;>fi®
1 75: Widgeon, $i 5001 75; Small Duck. J:
1 English Snip,-, |2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 2.".ry 1 50; ,
• ".ray Geese, t303 50; White Geese, $1 25@1 50; i
Brant. $1 5002; Honkers, $3 5005; Hare. $1; |
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small. '
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Store eggs are cleaned up and higher, but I
j there will be increased receipts in a day or I
two. Ranch Eggs are quiet. Cheese shows no ■
change. Butter is In fair supply and steady !
I at the prices.
; BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25c; seconds,
i 23©24 c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 21@224c; common
grades, 18<g20c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17(ffl8c; pickled roll.
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
I squares; creamery tub, 22@224c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@164c for
I lb; Elgin. 225
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 114® 12c; old. 10
@llc; Cream ''heddar, 12(7! 124 c; Young Amer
ica. 12rtl3c; Eastern. 10$ 12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34086 c per dozen; sec
onds, 3245? "3c; store Eggs, 314® '24c
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market for everything except Limes is
well supplied and dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 3oi£i6oc for common, 75c(g$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 8501 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, 5007a< : Apples, in barrels, $.Vg;S.
Pears— 2sc<g>sl per box.
Persimmons— Nominal.
I CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $I@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 75C051 50; Mandarins, S) 2501 w); '
] Lemons, 75c(^;l 50 for common and $2@3 for i
1 good to choice; Mexican Limes, Sfi 1 ?.^; Cali- •
fornia Limes per small box; Grape 1
Fruit, 8102 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, 1204 60 per .lozon.
i DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6Hc for 40-sO"s. 4»£@ I
Cc for r.O-60's. 3i4igS%c for 60-70's. 2*i®3c for
70-So>, 2-5 2 Itc1 tc for $0-90's, 2c for 90-100's and
lH@l^4c for 100-110's: Silver I'runes. , <■</;„■■
I Peaches, 6@7>»c for good to choice, 7>.4sjßc for
fancj and 10<L«'12V4c for peeled: Apricots, lu-i
; 12',ic for Koy.ils and W'ic for Moorpark; Evap
orated Applea, 7%©7Vic; sun dried. 4sj)4Hc-
Black Fisrs. sacks. 2®2V4c; Plums, 4^@6c 'for
flitted und WIMc for unpltted; Nectarines, 68
,c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters
and S<fr9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, B%c tor four-crown, sH@6'4c for Seed
|«n Bultanas, 4*4 c for Seedless Muscatels and i
' $1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes 2^iig3c
Cheatnnts, 7<fiSc per lb; Walnuts!
7fi'Bc for hardshell. SifflOc • for softshell; Al
monds, 7f(*c for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
Js@l6c for paper-shell; Peanuts, ■ 6QS7c for Eust
ern and 4Vj | Sac for California; Cocoanuts, $4 30
©■"'■
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and S@9c j
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6V4@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sVic
""BEESWAX- 24(3i26c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24<S?26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS- Bacon, 7'4c per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium, 10c for light. 10',£c
for extra l!«ht and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10 J /ic; Cali
fornia Hams, 9<g9%c; Mess Beef, JlO per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family $12 50; extra
: Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50®
; 16; Smoked Beef, 11',4«]2c per lb.
I LARD— TiercPR quoted at G%@6c per lb for
I compound and 7sJ@Bc for pure; half barrels,
I pure. S',4c; 10-lb tins, B%e: 5-lb tins. S%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6V4@6%e: packages
• less than 300 lbs. 1-lb iialls, 60 in a case, 9',-ic;
, 3-lb palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case, B\4c: 10-lb pails, 6 In a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lba net, 'r/kc: half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides continue firm, both here and in the
East. Hops and Wool are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10',4c; medium, 9%c; light, S'-icjiac;
Cowhides, S'MMUc; Stags, Gc; Salted Kip, 9c;
Calf, 10c; dry hides, sound, 16Vs<gl6c; culls and
brands, ]2%c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf.
17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10630 c each; short
wool. 35ijj60c each; medium, 70tf90e; long wool,
90c<g$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75(g'2 for
large and $1 for small: Colts, 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, |1 25(51 75 for large and $1 for
small. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V4@3'^c per lb:
No. 2. 2%c; refined, 4%sSc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 7&9 c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months'. S®9c; Foothill and Northern, free. 12
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
Humholdt and Mendoclno. 14@15c; Nevada, 90
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10® 12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9@ll
Northern Mountain 7@ 8
Southern 6® 7«/4
Plains '. : 5@ 6 J
HOPS— IB9B crop, 12%@14e per lb for ordinary,
I HVif&li'/ic for good and 16@18c for choice to
I fancy. ' .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bass firm at 5Hc spot
and 5%c future delivery; Wool Bags, 26^2Sc;
San Quentin Bags, ii 85.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, |8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. S8 50@9 in bulk and
|10@10 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Err, $14: Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate. $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In
bulk and $14 In packs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6 vie; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5 7 * c; Dry Granulated. 5-Vic; Con
fectioners' A, R?4c; California A. 5%c; Magno
lia A, BHc; Extra C, 514 c; Golden C. Stye; half
barrels, more than barrels, and boxes %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
GASOLINE AND BENZINE— Are higher, as
follows: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk,
15% c; cases. 21c; 86 degree Gasoline, In bulk,
21c; cases, 26c. Benzine, in bulk, loc; cases,
2oc per gallon.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Everything on the list is firm at the recent
advance and supplies are rather small.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 7c; second quality, 6®
6%c; third quality, Si?jfsV.c.
VEAL— Large. 6%<g7%c; small. 7@Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8c; Ewes, 7%c.
LAMB— Sft9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4@4%c for large. 4«*©4%e
for medium and 3%S'4c for small; stock Hogs,
3%c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, January 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 22,915 Middlings, sks .. 20
Barley, ctls 1.450 Hay, tons 166
Corn, ctls 600 Hops, bales 13
Butter, ctls 173 Wool, bales .... 3
Tallow, ctls H Pelts bdls 430
Cheese, ctls 10 Hides, no 309
Beans, sks 1,063 Eggs, doz 6,570
Potatoes, sks .. 2.540 Leather, rolls .. 74
Onions, sks 358 Wine, gals 120,000
Bran, sks 360 Brandy, gal» ... 1,280
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,656 Oats, ctls 390
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 600 i
NEVADA.
Hay, tons "0
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was quite a diversified business in local
securities, as will be seen. The only change
worthy of note was an advance in Alaska
Packers' to $106 C 2%.
Mining stocks stood about the same.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
has increased the rate of Its monthly dividend
I from 25 cents to 33% cents per share, or from
$37,500 to $50,000, and one at the latter rate
has Just been declared.
The last monthly report of the Alaska Mrxl
ran mine on Douglas Island, Alaska, shows
that 14.59S tons were crushed and 392 tons
sulphurets treated, the latter yielding $14,349.
The average of the ore and the sulphurets
was $1 97 per ton. The bullion shipment was
$25,740. Gross expenses for the month, $24,192.
The first report of the Alaska United mine
on DouKlas Island, Alaska, Is at hand. This
claim adjoins the Alaska-Mexican and consists
of 2900 feet, being a combination of two prop
erties, each of which has a mill of 100 and 120
stamps respectively. The latter is operated by
the Ready Bullion, which has just made its
first clean up from a run of forty-three days,
! .luring which the mill crushed 19,612 tons of
ore and saved 410 tons sulphurets, the average
value of which is $72 per ton. The mine has
sent down a shipment •>f $47,425.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan. 14.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 17% 18%
4s quar coup..H2%ll3Vi Mutual El Co. U% 12%
4s quar res... — — Oakland Gas.. 46 47
i4s quar :iw.. — — I'e.f Gas Imp.. — Sh%
i3s quar c0up. .107% — Par LCo 49 50
MJS34 laneoUb— SFG & E So 86
Cal-st Cab 65. .11 l — Kan Kran ;«% 4%
Cal fflec *....lSsV*l27tf Stockton Gas.. 11% —
i C C Wat 55.... 104 — Insurance—
i Dup-st ex c... — 98% Firem's Fund. 2ll —
| E L & P 65.... 131 132 Bnnk Stocks—
,K&CI Ry 65.. 114 — Anglo-Cal 65 —
1 Geary-st R dr. — 102 Bank of Ca1.. .257 258
!H C & S 5%5. — 105 Cal S D & T.. 99% —
;LA LCo t0... M — First Nationl.224 .'35
Do gntd 65...100%102 Lon P & A. ...133 —
Market-st 65... 126 - Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M. 55.. 116% — Nev Nat Bankl76 —
INC NG R 7s.lti7 — Saving Banks—
'N Ry Cal 65. .114^115 Ger S & L...1630 —
N Ry Cal 55..110%in<4 Hum S & L.1060 1160
iNP CR R 65. 104 lu6 iMutual Say.. 33 45
N P C R R ss. 100%100% S F Say U.. 437 —
N Cal R R ;.s. WfeliK S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55....109 112 (Security S B 300 350
iOmßy 6s 128 — Union T C 0. .1455 1475
• P & Cl Ry 65.. 104% — I Street Railroads—
P&O «s 109 — I California 109%112
Powell -st 65... 120 122%' Geary 45 —
1 Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-st 60 60%
!SF &N P 55.109%110% Oak SL& H. — -
SierraßCal 65.104%105% Presidio — 11%
isPol Ar 68..ii0%n0%i Powder—
1 S P C6s(l*)s-0)U3 1 2H4 : California — 160
SPC fs (1912)121% — IE Dynamite... 89 —
i SPCIs eg Ba.lOE — ] Giant Con Co. 59% 6n
, S P Br 6s 122 — Vigorit 3 3%
I S V Water 6s. 119% — Miscellaneous
ly V Water 4».i03% — Al Pac Assn..lo63,i(V,\
S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Lo. \Vk8...175
; Stktn Gas 65.. 104 — Hana PI C 0... 18% 18%
Water Stocks— H r & S Co.. 58% 58%
Contra Costa.. 60% 60% Hutch S P Co. 33% Zi%
! Maria Co U — liter Ex Assn.. :*0 —
I Spring Valley. 101%101«i Oceanic S Co.. 64% —
Gas & Kiectrlc— Pac AF A 1 1%
1 Capital Gas... — — p a c C Bor Co. loo —
Cent Gaslight. ior> — ' Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
22 Alaska Packers' Association 106 25
115 Alaska Packers' Association 106 50
20 AlHfka Packers' Association 106 62%
56 BHnk of California 257 50
75 Contra Costa Water t 6100
100 Central Light & Power IS 00
60 California Safe Deposit 100 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 25
245 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 11100
$10,000 N P C R R 5s Bonds 10. T,-?
.1 Oakland Gas 46 7;,
fid Oceanic Steamship Co 64 50
3.-, S F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
$21,000 S P of A Bonds 110 50
J- S P Branch Hallway Bonds 122 25
90 Spring Valley Water ...10175
18 Spring Valley Water 10150
2 Union Trust Co 1455 00
25 A'ljtorlt Powder 3 00
Street—
30 Market-street Railway 60 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
2",0 Equitable Gaslight 15 00
i 50 Equitable Gaslight 14 7.")
100 Equitable Gaslight, b 10 15 00
Equitable Gaslight 14 *7' 2
20 Giant Powder Co 59 87%
Stroet—
20 Equitable Gaslight 14 00
IS Equitable Gaslight 14 50
70 Equitable Gaslight 14 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Hoard yesterday:
Morning Beaaion.
! inc. Tie'.cher 12 100 Savage 08
: 300 Best & Relcher. 37 200 Sierra Nevada.. 68
j 100 Best & Belcher. 38 100 Sierra Nevada.. 67
I Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
I Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
; too Pt*>lcher 12
; Belcher 12Vi TOO Mexican 30 i
SOO !;--st fi Uelcher.. 37 l'f«i Mexican 31
I"" ' ■iiiedonia 21 300 Mexican 32 '■
tOO ('hollar 13 liiift Ophlr 50 ;
500 Con Cal & Va..l to 500 Potoal ... 14 j
200 Crown Point ... 10 700 Savage " OS ;
i ::00 Hale & Norcrs.. 09 400 Sierra Nevada «7
200 Hale & Norers.. 10 SOO Union Con 31
. 600 Justice ...: 15 200 Yellow Jacket .'. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 14. 12 m.
Bid. Ask., Bld.Afk.
Mpha — 04 1 Justice 14 15
Alta — 06'Kentuck — 10 <
I Andes 03 06 Lady Wash — 05 !
! Belcher IS 16 Mexican 31 30
; nenton Con ... 04 10' N Q& C _ 20
! Best & Belcher 38 39 Occidental 32 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 50 51
j Caledonia Zl 24 Overman 05 06
('hollar 13 14'Potosi 13 14
Challenge Con. H 13 Savage 08 09
Confidence — 10 Scorpion — 03
I Con Cal & Va.l 25 130 Keg Belcher ... 02 03 i
I on Imperial . . — 02 Sierra Nevada. 6S 70
Crown Point .. 10 11 Silver Hill — 04
Con New York. 03 04 l-iyndlcate — 10
Eureka Con ..»30 — Union Con 32 33
: Exchequer — 03 Standard 195 —
I Gould & Curry. 25 27 Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs. 09 10 > Yellow Jacket. 16 17
Julia — 04 1
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
M.
T.
W.
T.
F.
Alpha ]
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher j
Caledonia
Challenge I
('hollar !
Con. Cat & Va
Confidence
Crown Point ]
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross I
Justice
Mexican
Ophlr
! Overman
! Occidental
Potoal
: Savage '..
j Standard ..?....
Sierra Nevada !
I Union :.. I
Utah ;. (
Yellow Jacket
...!! 3 :::::::: -J::::
.... 5 4 ....
5. 5 ■ 5 5 5 5
17 14 14 13 12 16
3S 38 38 39 38 38
20 20 22 20 21 21
.... 12 11 11 12 11
15 16 12 12 12, 13
1 80 1 30 1 30 1 25 1 2511 25
1• 60 60 60 ... . I 56 ... .
I 131 14 -11 . 111 9 in
261 25 26|..-26| 27) 25
8) 10 10 9, 91 9
131 .- 11 11 11 15 15
31 32 32 ! 31 32 31
52 52-50 : 51-50 51
51 5 5.6 65
50! 48 461 30 34 33
14 13 13 13 13 13
9 8 8 8 8 8
1902001901 95 1901 95
I 801 77 77 751 72, 69
I 32 30 32 31 31 32
( 10 11 11 12 11 10
i 201 19 19!.... ,.... j 16
....
I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco lor the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before nion and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
PTXI'AY, JANUARY 18.
Run rises 7:24
Pun sfts 5:15
Moon sets 10:03
3 Time I Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. ! Ft.
? H W L W H W L Wj
... 2:251 5.6) 7:65 2.0 1:56 6.3 8:16 0.3
... 3:06 5.6 9:01 1.7 3:00 4.7 9:03 0.9
... 3:50 5.6110:11 1.4 4:12 4.3 9:51! '1.3
... 4:3S' 5.7! 11:221 1.0 5:32 3.9 10:42 2.1
... 5:291 5.81 12:30! 0.6 7:04 3.8 11:39 2.5
... 6:201 6.8 1:32 : 0.2 8:25 4.0 I
... o:3* 2.9' 7:11 5.9 2:29|-o.l| 9:30! 4.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornir.c tide* are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
nnd the last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
T7nlted , States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the hoieht.
nn<l then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the (-harts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of tho lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branrh Hvdrngraphlc Offloe, U. S N.. Mer
rrmnt*' V.xrhpnee. San Francisco, Cal..
January 14. 1899.
Tlip tirr.f ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at pxactly noon to-day—
!. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
■Llputennnt. XT. S. N-. in charge.
PTEAMETtS TO ARIUVE.
Steamer.
From.
Czarina (Puget Sound Jan. 15
Wellington [Departure Bay H an " J?
Chllkat Humboldt 'Jan. 15
Wyefleld INanalmo Jan. 15
StateCallfornla Portland Jan. IS
("has. Nelson. ..lPusret Sound Jan. 15
Aloha :Polnt Arena Jan. 15
Alliance IPortland Jan. 16
North Fork.... 'Humboldt Jan. 16
Corona ISan Diego Jan. IS
Mlneola iTacoma Jan. 16
Oueen Ivictorla & Puget Sound.Tan. 17
Newbury; 'Grays Harbor IJan. 17
Pomona (Humboldt Jan. 17
Empire.. (Coos Bay Jan. 17
Crescent City... (Crescent City 'Jan. 18
Orizaba 'Newport Jan. 18
City of Sydney. 'Panama Jan. 19
Point Arena.... 'Point Arena Jan. 19
Areata 'Coos Bay Jan. 19
Columbia ! Portland Jan. 20
Santa Rosa 'San Diego Jan. 20
city of Rio (China and Japan Jan. 20
Weeott ITaquina Bay Jan. 22
Walls Walla... Victoria & Puget SoundiJan. 22
Coos Bay (Newport Jan. 22
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer I Destination. I Sails. I Pier
Areata Coos 8ay..... (Jan. 15, 10 am|Pler 13
Jmatllla ..Vic & Pgt Sd. Jan. 16, 10 amlPler 9
7oos Bay... i Newport Jan. 16, 9am [Pier 11
:hllkat Humboldt Jan. 16. 2 pm|Pier IS
">orlo (Chinaft Japan Jan. 17. 1 pmIPMSP
Ullance . ..(Oregon Ports. |Jan. 18, 10 am Pier 20
Vloha I Point Arena..! Jan. 18, 3 pmlPier 2
Corona .....ISan Diego IJan. 18, 11 am Pier 11
'olon (Panama IJan. 18, 12 m PMSS
». W. ElderlPortland Man. IK. 10 am ' Pier 24
'omona ...[Humboldt |Jan. 19, 2 I Pier 9
>ri7.aha 'Newport !Jan. 2". 9 amPler 11
3. Nelson. ..iPuget Sound.. ! Jan. 20, 10 amPler 2
IVfc A Pet Sd. l.lan. 21. 10 amlP'er '.»
> t. Arena.. I Point Arena.. I Jan. 21, 3 I Pier 2
Santa Rosa|San Diego |Jan. 22. 11 amPler 11
Columbia .. Portland 'Jan. 23. 10 am! Pier 24
Steamer
Destination.
LATE SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 14.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 2S hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, 74 hours from New
port (S), etc.
.Tap ptmr Nippon Maru, Evans, 30 days 4
hours from Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days
6 hours, via Honolulu. 6 days "hi hours.
CLEARED.
Saturday, January 14.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms, San Pedro and
Guaymas; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Hr stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, N'analmo; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Ship Santa Clara, Llndbery, Nanaimo; Alas
ka Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Saturday, January 14.
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Progreso. Gilboy, Seattle.
Stmr Point Arena, Hanson. Mendocino.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Holms. Guaymas.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson. Portland, etc.
Stmr Huenemc, Johnson.
Stmr Washtrmaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Ptmr l.eelar.aw, Storrs. Seattle.
Strnr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Rragg.
Stmr Bristol, Mclntyre. Xanaimo.
Sohr Jennie Wand, Christiansen. Kahului.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Coquille
River.
Schr Vine, Small. Kureka.
SPOKEN.
Jan 12. lat 35 17 X, long 74 16 W— Ship Ro
anoake. from Hiiltim^re, for San Francisco.
Dec 2.: off Honoiiiu. Hawaii— Whai bark
Chas W MorKan: all well: landed mail.
TKLEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS. Jan 14, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SE: velocity 12 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
I.i iXDOX— Jan 14— Br ship Blairgowrie, from |
Antwerp fnr Tacoma, spoken yesterday io miles |
west of Scilly, with sails blow away; asked for
boats to be sent to tow her back to port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 14— Bark Charles B
Kenny, for Pan Francisco.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Cle
one, for Eureka.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 14— Schr Lena Swea
sey, fnr San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 14— Schr j
Vrga, hence Jan 4; brig Courtney Ford, from i
Port Townsend.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jnn 14— Schr Lottie Carson, j
fnr Pan Pe<lm; schr Mebel Gray, for ; schr
J G Wall, for San Francisco; stmr Ruth, for I
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Alliance, from Astoria;
bktn Portland, from San Pedro.
EVERETT— Arrived Jan 14— Bark Vldette,
from Port rownsend.
Palled Jan 14— Schr Marion, for San Pedro;
sctir Pailor Boy, for San Pedro.
SAX PEDRO- Sailed Jan 13-Ptmr Pasadena,
for Eureka. Jan 14 — Schr Halcyon, for Eureka
PORT TOWXSEXD— Arrived Jan 14— Pchr Al
bert Mcye, from Santa Rosalia; schr Hera, fm
Newport.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 14— Schr Joseph
Rups. for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 14— Bark Fresno, from Honolulu:
schr Ruby A Cousins, hence Dec 5; schr F S
Redfleld. from Port Townsend; schr Roy Som
erf. from San Pedro; schr Orient, hence Jan 5
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Alliance
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALCX'TTA— SaiIed Jan 13— Br ship Belfast
for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Jan 12— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— To sail Jan 7— ltal war stmr
Etna. Jan s— Schr Aloha, for San Francisco
bark W'.lna. .for Port Townpend; bktn Skagit'
for Port Gamble; bktn Archer, for San Fran
cisco: v S stmr Bennington, for Guam
Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Marlposa. from Svrlnev
Jan s— Stmr Alameda, hence Dec 29- ship Ta
coma. hence Dec 22; Jap stmr Nippon Maru,
from \okohama. Jan 7— Bark S C \llen hence
Dec 2S.
Sailed Jan G— Jap stm'i» Konoura Maru, for
Yokohama. Jan 4— Br simr Tartar for Van
couver; stmr Alamedn. for Sydney
HONGKONG-Arrived prior Jan' il— Br stmr
Glenogle. from Tacoma; Br stmr Monmouth
shire, from Portland: Br stmr Nlngchow, from
\oknhama; stmr Olympic, from Tamma
PANAMA— Arrived Doc 21- Stmr City of Syd
ney, jience Nnv 2S. Dec 31— Stmr Peru, hence
Dec .; stmr Startmck, from Champerico. Jan
2— Ptmr Pan Bias, hence Dec 11
PORT ELIZA BKTH-Arrived Jan 12-Br ship
Otterspoot, Crom Oregon.
STDNET— Arrived Jan 13— Br stmr Miowera,
from ancouver.
YOKOHAMA-Arrived Jan 13-Stmr Colum
bla, from Oregon.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito P*rry.
FROM SAN FKAAi.lsv.u 1O MILL VALLET
_____ ANJD SAN RAFAEL.
i£™£. .^ VS eT30 7 p 2 V :30> " :W "• m ' : n: *
».46. 0.10, 'SiOO, 6:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For san Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. m.
8-NDATS— »8:00, »10:00, ni:3o a. m. ; 1:U.
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
-Tj?w n *_ m -rked • run to San Quentin.
F £°M SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »«;3S. 7:45. *'* a. n_ ;
•12:20. 2:20, *3AB, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPB on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p m.
SUNDAYS-«: 20. «8:00, '10:00. *U:65 a. n_.
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Traln marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:66, 9:40 a. bi/-
-12:85, 2:45, 3:50. f,:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Snturdayp at 7:00 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.: 12:05, 1:J», i:pt
1:00, «:20 p. m. . . , "•
. . THROUGH TRAINS. .
T:2O a.m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:46 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills j and way
stations.
1:10 a.m. Sundays— Duncan -Alls and war sta'
BAJXROAJi TBAVEL.
-«-^r«3ssßJ&rr" lli
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tBATK - FROMDeaIB. 1593. - aBBITJ
«6?bo A Niles. San Jot* »nd Way Btattons... *o'««£
-:«O A Marysrllle. Orovllleand Kedding tfa
Woodland •■• 2t45»
- :«><n Klmir*. V»c«Tillo and »"«"«*£•••■ *'***
-:»»A ftartii.o*. Saa ßamon, VaUejo. Nap*.
»:«O* Calistog* an.l SnnU 1t05a ......... »|«»J
*:O»a Atlantic Kxpress. Og.len and Kast.. Bt*or
»i:««a San .losß, liTermore, Htookton,
Inne. SMnuneuto, ■ Pl»oervMe,
MtuyiTllie, Chlco, Itlulf * «Jj»P
■i3oa 'Mlltou, Oakdale aud Jamestown... -liIOP
•tOOA Martinez. Tr»cy, L»throi>. atocltton,
Merc Kresno ■ 18.«»?
»>«« a lfroiiio, llakerslieNJ. "aantii »iirl>»r»,
Lob Angeles, Demin6, El Paso,
New Orlaans and lifcst 5 : 1» 7
IO:O«U Yalltfjo. Martinez and Way fcitations • 7j«*
IV:««M Niles, LiTerinore, Stockton, Wacrd-
mento, Meudota, Hauford, Vlsaii*.
l'on.rTilie .i«2l
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Hteauiers 8:OOP
<:i>wr Martinex ' Snii llniuou, Vallejo.
K»l«a, Uallitoga. Salltn U0m...... »il»*
4i«Or Beuicia, VacaTille, Macraineiito,
Wooilland, Knights Landing.
Marysiille, Oro»lll 'U ! A
4:30p San Jose and Stockton ....... 7:15F
3:oOrSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersfleld. Los
Angt-les 01*5*.
»:SOp Stockton, Merced. Fre*no l*il»#
s:a<n- Maninez, Tracy, y«indota, Fresno,
M(ij»Tc, Santa iT*rbarii »nd Ik»s
Aiikklm . . . . 9j<34
tS:OOP Pacific: Ccast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St. . m 
Louis. Chicago and East J9:4BA
Bt3t»r rttuta F« TloiiU: Ati»iivic I'.iiircim
for Molaro and Kast Ws4 ? p
•■OOrKnrnpeaiiMail.OiiilDiiauil Kaak.... 01*5*
6:O«p Haywards, Niles and San J050. ..... 7«48 x
•«:»«l> Va11«j»..7... . IBil3p
t7tO«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way SU-
ttons J9:4ilp
8:C»0r Oregon Kx|>rtiiis,Haoriiiiieiito, Marys-
vlllf. ICml.llii(C, l'ortlaiul. I'lijet
Mwinil an.l Kast Bil3A
■ 1O:O5p Sunset UtniM?d. Fresno. 1.o« •
Angxles, El Paso, New Orleiuu
" »nT V,Mt ili*s>
SAN LKARI»KO ASI» IIaYHAKI>n ],<MAI-.
(Foot of Market Streot.)
"I 11olroK«, SritiiiinrT Park, f .-■
R:OOa Kitclihori;, Klranorst, 6:*»*
tt»:U()A Nan l.fHiiili-fi, Sonlli San r*ti:-!s*
lO.uOa l.canitro. Kutmlillo, 1»i15.\
iiiiooA Lorenzo, Cherry • i*:4.ip
H:tiop Hn ,| J tl:4sp
" :OOp llainarilk «sr#.sp
' :OOp | { Rut>l tlirol h to N|leg ' i43f
) I Vrom Nile*. [
(.'OAST DIYIHION (Narrow <ian«e). " "
(Foot of Market Street.)
Newark.Oen ille. Joge.Felton.
Boulder Creek.Bauta OniK and Way
Btatlon» .ti3e*
•2tlSp Newark, Centervillp, San Jose, Now
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Oreek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •lOISO4
4:1.1p Newark. San .Tone and Los Oatos... 9:80*.
(11i43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and"
Way StuMouß ; {7:2«»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN riUKCISCQ— r«o» of Harktt Strett (Slip 8> —
•7:15 9:00 11:011 a.m. }1:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:00 t3:00 •6:30r.M.
frtmOAlUlß— r<i»t if BrwdwiT.— 'l:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
1 12:00 *1:00 t3:30 «3:00 ti:00 •S:OQr.M.
COAST lUTISIO.N (Kro*(l<lADfre). '
(Third iui«i Townaend St«.)
7iOUa Kan ,1ok« itnd Way BtattimS (New
Almaden Wwliifwdaya only) li;i©»
BtOO* Han .l<»o, Trwi l'lnos, Hmita OtUM,
l'acillc (il.)»o, I'ani. Itnblcs. San
Lilts <»>l8p«. Uuadalupe. Surf ami
Prlncliial Way Statlnns 4:IO»
IOi«Ot .San .li)«*nnrt Way Stations •«in« 1
I1::M»a San Juse mul Way Btations B:U3a
•a:4siSan Maten, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .'<>«e,
Gilvny, Hollister, Santa Ort«,
Salinas, Monterey and PaciUc
nro»o • •lOiSOa
<»i3Op .Tom and Way Stations •!>:<•»*
•I:I.Tr San.ToMatnl Prinoipal Wit; Stations 0:43 a
■.lioop San Jose and Principal Way SUtlons 0:35 a
3r3Or SanJ»Sflan<l Prlnoiiial Way .Stations 3:3<>P
«t»Or San Jose ami Way Stations 7:3«>p
tlli43p San .Tosr and Way Stations 1:»Or
A for Morning. J' for Afternoon.
* Himiinrn eicnptwl. i Sundays only. * Saturday* only
and Thur»days. aTuettdays and Saturday*.
H»tu'-tl»v«»n'\ W Ii"-»(1bts. 6Thnr.«rl*v» ami Sundnv*
CAIIFORNU NORTHWESTERN Rl. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Bmrrj. Foot oX Market St.
SAN FRANXISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
TfEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:tt,
1:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. '■• Saturdays — Extra trips at l.aO
and n:3O p. m.
BUXDATS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m : 1:10. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 1J:«.
*:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS- 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. *
Between Kan Francisco and Schuetzea Parl*
same schedule as above. v
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, ■
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- Wee*
Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am [ Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
t:3opm H:3oaml Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 ara
6:10 pm 6:OC pnf Santa Rosa. i:3opm t :22 pm
I Fulton,
t:Soam Windsor, 10:25aa»
Healdsburgr.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
<:SCpm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm « pm
Hopland and
7:80 am S:ooam Uklah. 7:35pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am 10:23 ara
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 8:22 pra
1 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
J:lopm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 prn « pm
7:Joam 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 10:25 am
J:SO pm s:Copm 7:3opm 6:22 pm
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville f"r Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale foe'
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and BartletC
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
John 'Day's, Riverside. Lterley's. Bucknell'a!
Sanhedrin Heights. Huilville. Booneville, Orr**
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Brace
Westport, Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle. Curn-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dysr
Scotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. •■-. ■ ...-.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .".
Ticket Offices. 650 Market «t.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California-
Limited
Santa Ie Route
CoruiuwCing Owl Train Luaves Sari
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P, M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th"j
following Thursday, Saturda t
anrl Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at l:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BU>FET CAR, Ob,
fervatlon Car and Eleotrlo
L.iKhted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEOFFICE — UMKI ST.
«  TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento OlSoe— 2ol J Stre3ti.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. im, trains win run as follow.:
South-bound. Xorth-bou^dT'
r er D " I\}ZZL Mixed. Paß^Q-
ger. bunday Stetlon.. c,..,!.,.. _.-_
Daily. Exc'ptd Statlom. !«•*« l&\j.
l!!:^*^ I Vf^^ m Bt °ckton 3:45pm 6:sopm
ii:in-Sl ln Pm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11.40 am B : s2 pm Fresno 9:3o ami 2:31 pra
i£ P il : »5 pm Hanford 7:45 am l:Sspra
l.Mpm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12.68pm B:sopm Vlsnlla 6:4oam I:lspm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Wt: e 8« T B?is,ci.co anaKer '' orflce> m Mark *
- H3UJIT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
tVla bauMUito Ferry.) .'
_ L«ave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
"*p*. ■ il, IS9S ' •■ ~ ■■ ■■ ■ ■■
VTeelt Days— 9:30 n. m.. 1:46 p. m. - S
Bundays— 8:00. 10:00. n:3O a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trl from Mill Valley. »1.
THOB COOK ft SON. Agent*. 621 MarkM
itreeW Saa FraacUco.BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
arms anJ was soon going over the head
of Gorbozo, being carried by the eagle easily The am laughed heartily.
'•It v , ul be , ÜBl the same; the eagie will eat you when he gets. you into
his nMt " That was a new danger. "I don <■ care," answered the Prince,"but
? had not thought oC U,al before?" The eagle flew straighr toward a high
mountain. "Hold on,- said the Prince, "you will kill me if you fly right
up against the mountain and I will n°t be half so dainty for you to eat if
you let me all dirt. I can't possibly get away frcm you. Why don't you
take me down into that garden to eat me The eagle was a little
surprised at this speech, but he di«* just as the Prince had advised. The
Prince had seen that the garden was occupied b - a huge serpent. He knew
that there would be a fight between the eagle and the serpent. That was
why he had spoken to the eagle.
The great Berpent sprang up and twined himself around the eagle and
pulled the bird to the ground. The Prince, who had his eyes open, slipped
from the eagle's mouth just at the right time, cutting the piece of his cloak
uith his dagger that the eagle" had in its mouth. He did not stop to see
how the bat 1 would come out between the eagle and the serpent, but ran
into a cave to hide. There he was in more trouble, for the cave was full
Our First Sorrow:
LITTLE MISTER'S WET DAY
LITTLE MISTER had one unpleas
ant day the memory of which
will remain with him long. , I
fless" so he said one morning,
■dat" I will do over and see my
„.._.,„ to-day— won't I, mamma.' So
-lutl- Mister packed up his belongings
- i"baU t e haf would squirt w^ter hs
•little <=hovel to dig sand, his dolly mat
was. minus one arm, his climbin; mon
• koy that would climb no more and was
now suspended by a Eirinc, so tl
It around hisb.ad a
bag of marbles and an old apron to
. . puf.on when he should go out .play
in the back yard and take Cgth«J»g3
• which was dear to a very young and
very self-s^tisfled little heart when he
waVondresa parade and inspection tor
he delight and show-off of his aunties.
- They wanted a continual dress parade
• Continually clean baby^-and that
was where all the trouble came in.
' Some kind friend, who likes to see
• ch«dr.n stuffed . with candy, acting
children stuueu . principle
that everything that
a child likes it
should ' have, tae
stowod upon Little
Mister a wad of
molasses a n <l y
while he was travel
ing in a cable car.
How he did revel in
that molasses con
fection. "Dat was
a. dood man 'sever
I see, and he can
have my dolly" (his
best treasure) "to
play wiv when he
comes to see me —
can't he, mamma?"
. he asked. Rills of sweetness rolled uh
'observed from the corners of a par
ticularly rosy little mouth, when two
boys who were playing leap frog on the
•' sidewalk avoke his mirth to the laugh
ing; point. His clean white dress, brave
■ in' pink ribbon bows, his sweet little
cheeks*, brave in the pink roses which
health had painted upon them— across
■ these th river of molasses, sticky as
' -well as sweet, rolled. Alas for the pride
' of 'the two aunties who bad company
in the parlor, and who had caused the
"company to linger that the baby might
RIXCP: I DON'T CARE reached the
edge of the Dreadful River, and looking
across !■> the further bank, saw the
three-headed giant Gorb<>zo. There was
never a giant before or sine* who was
as large or as cruel as Gorbnzo. "Come
man," he shouted to Prince I
Don't Care, "you will make a fine
breakfast for me." The Prince made no
answer to this boastful speech, but
took from his pocket a ball of stout
twine and twisted it until he had a rope
stout enough to hold his own weight.
"I know that this is a little risky to
\er to tight the giant," he said,
1 sui'pose that ho hr.s other giants
to help him. Well, 1 don't care." It
this habit of saying "I don't care "
w h.-ri h« was in danger that had won
the queer name which the Prince had.
Suiting Ills action to his words he took
from his wallet a loaf of bread and a
slice of chec-ie and ate heartily while
the giant looked at him. "I am coming
over after a little," he shouted to Gor
bozo, "just as soon as I have done eat-
Ing. So look oat for me." When he
had eaten enough he tied one end of
his rope to a tree and made the other
end into a snare. In the snare he put
pome crumbs. --* great eagle was speed
ily caught in the snare. The Prince,
g this, f astened the rope under his
by Ella, Sexton. • . .
WHAT, crying, Molly ? And you've dropped your
Paris dolly?
Well, do not break your tender heart
Because her pretty head's apart.
A little glue, some patience, too.
Will make Adele as good as new.
I'H rr.end that^brcken doirv. so cheer up, Mo!Iy.
be placed upon dress parade. In came
Little Mister, doubly sweet and doubly
sticky. All that an industrious mamma
could do had not been enough to restore
the white dress to dress-parade condi
tion, lac result of the pleasing en
counter with good molasses candy was
in view. The company was no longer
detained. In c.ie minute by the watch
the B died dress was off and Little Mis
ter was in a wash bowl "to get the
sticky off."
' I don't want be clean," protested
Little Mister, I want go play in the
back yard wiv my
little sovel (shovel)
and wiv kitty and
ninkf.' mud plea. Bo
<!<■!•'." Hut he was
made clean and
then was released,
dressed in his play
<!>>tn<'s and turned
adrift in the hack
yai d with nis shovel
and his Joy and
toon forgot his
troubles of thebowl.
May no bowl ever
bring any one a
more lasting grief!
His aunties smiled
as he sans, in a
fine little trrbel: 'Dere'll be a hot time
in de old town t'night," and talked to
the kitten and told her that she need
not wash her f;ice so often "for you had
no canny" (candy). Sweet smells stole
out from the kitchen to the open air.
The aunties were making cake of the
sort most likod t • Little Mister. His
keen senses told him all about this, but
he had beer, taught not to ask for any
thing when he went visiting. Alas,
temptation awaits us all: There was a
dish of coffee gelatine placed upon a
table upon the back porch to cool.
Little Mister . .nted to poke liis grimy
little finger : into the sweets — and so
he did. It was hot — had not cooled off
yet. Little Mister was startled, pulled
the dish rver and the gelatine, soft
and stringy, covered him in a steaming
maps, from shrinking head to cunning
little feet. A sorry sight, indeed. Once
more the wash bowl and once more Into
it goes the Little Mister!
When Little Mister, emerging from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
of lions. The king of the lions seized
the Prince by his stout cloak and said:
"What good luck is this! 1 have here
a rich prize to carry home to my mas
ter, the great Gorbozo." Hearing this
the Prince was easy in his mind, for he
know that the lion now would not dare
to hurt him. What would happen next?
"I don't care," said the Prince. "I will
now get closer to the giant and I may
have a chance to surprise him."
The lion trotted down the road to the
gate of the giant's castle, and when he
had reached the gate roared to be let
in. The Prince saw a chance to be
killed by the giant, but his heart was
stnut. In a few minutes he was in the
castle, in the giant's parlor, and Gor
bozo was lnoking at him and laughing.
■Welcome," said the giant in a loud
voice that made the lofty rafters of his
castle shake. "I told you that you
would be good for me to eat. It was
kind of you to save me the trouble of
coming over the river to get you."
The Prince was put in a big dungeon
with a servant of the giant, a frightful
two-headed ogre, to guard him. "Do
you like money?" asked the Prince of
the ogre.
"Have you any with you?"
"No; but I know where there is a
plenty, and if you want it I will show
you where it is after the giant has
gone to sleep."
At midnight, when Gorbozo had be
gun to snore, the ogre let the Prince
out of the dungeon. The two, the Prince
and the ogre, had long-handled shovels.
The Prince pointed out a place where
gold might be found and set the ogre,
■who was the stronger, to digging.
"Are we most down to the gold?"
asked the ogre, after he had dug awhile.
"Yes; keep at work and I will watch
to see that the giant does not come to
take it all away from you after you
have found it."
By this time the ogre was in a pit
fifty feet deep. Before he could get out
of the pit the Prince began to shovel
the dirt back into the pit. It was slid
the second bath of the day, sobbed be
cause his clothes
were not dry, so
that he could at
once resume his
play in the back
yard, the kitten
tried to comfort
him, and he was
able to stroke her
fur the wrong way
some time before
she became uneasy
and ran r-vay. Then
his clothes were
ready to put on
once more and Lit
tle Mister said:
"Wish you'd trow
away old bowl. I
don't like him any more— do I, mam
ma?" Did any boy cv r like the bowl,
filled with water and allied to a towel
to rub roughly over his fine and sensi
tive skin? But now the sun was warm
and Little Mister was on th: ground,
without any one fearing that he would
catch cold. "The sand is clean," said
the aunties encouragingly, "and it will
nil shake off." At which Little Mister
looked unspeakable gratitude — and then
proceeded to get dirty once more as
fast as ever he could. A tray dog
lookd wist full y in under the gate and
would have gladl com *in to play with
the child if he had been invited. Little
Mister corr.-orted the doggie for his loss
by giving him his cookie. The dog
would not go away, but, e-ting his
cookie, lay down close to the gate, eot
ting his head as close to the child as
the fence would let him.
How the happy hours passed, all sun
shine! When luncheon was ready the
Little Mister's eyes
took on a look of
apprehension. Two
baths in <*ne fore
noon had led him
to believe that his
aunts had become so
addicted to immer
sion that he was
sure to be "held
up" in the interest
of cleanliness at
any time and for a
iong period. His
fears were ground
less that time. Only
a brush of the hair
from the fair fore-
head, only a moist
cloth passed over his hands and plump
face— and then — such a lot of goodies as
ing sand, and the ogre was covered up
and could not get out of the pit. Only
his head was above the surface. His
howls awoke the giant, who came into
the castle yard in haste to see what
was the matter. At the same instant
the king lion bounded into the court.
The giant was angry at being
awakened, and thinking that the lion
had spoiled his sleep he struck the lion
with a riding whip that he had in his
hand.
The Prince was no more concerned in
this fight than he had been in the bat
tle between the eagle and the serpent.
He ran into the castle, through the
doorway that the giant had left open,
and having bo4ted the door behind him
he jumped into the giant's hu~e bed
and went to sleep. He knew that the
giant would not be able to break down
the castle.
'Let them fight it out while I get
rested," the Prince. "If they
should get into the castle it would be
bad for me, but— l don't care." So say
ing he went to sleep and did not
awaken until the sun was shining in
through the iron-barred windows of his
room.
Hearing fierce howls in the castle
yard he climbed up to the window by
a rope ladder which he made by tearing
up some of the bedclothes of Gorbozo.
"Let me in," howled the giant at him.
"If you do not I will get some more
giants and tear the castle down."
"If you come in you will kill me,"
answered the Prince. "I shall be no
worse off in the hands of a thousand
sTill;5 Till; crying, girlie ? .Why. see, her blonde hair curly
Will hide this ugly crack, and so
Adele herself will never know.
Then cheer up. dear, althoy^h 'tis clear
French dollies need much watching here.
So dainty, with such curly hair like yours, cirlie
he had! He was ready to forgive his
aunties now for all the time that they
had caused him to lose from the back
yard; he was even willing to forgive
the soap that had been washed into his
eyes only to be scrubbed out again.
Never were such cakes made for a lit
tle boy before; never was his plate so
piled with luxuries. Whoop! HURRAH!
Coming to aunties is all right after all.
He reflected that it was mamma who
always seems to know when a little boy
is hungry— who had fixed him for lunch.
Very well all the same — the cakes are
great! And there are so many of them!
And when mamma holds up a warning
finger as Little Mister begins to eat his
third cake, it is auntie who comes to
his rescue after all and says: "The
cakes are plain and I made them for
him; let him have them all this time."
Then Little Mister forgives her com
pletely. Yes, as he toddled away from
the table, once more bound for that
back yard— was there ever such a back
yard like it any where else in all the
world! Auntie even slyly put a pep
permint candy— his choicest confection —
in one of his hand? and looked so cute
and lui.ny that Little Mister has to
laugh. Rut his honest mind makes him
go to mamma with it. She, too, laughs
this time and says: "Well, if you are
sick your aunties must come over and
take cii!>' <>f you." Then they all laugh
and Little Mister sings at the top of his
voice as he begins to play.
The children in the next house peep
through the fence to see who is sing
ing such a jolly song. It is about "Sing
a song o' sixpence, pocket full of rye"
and the rest and about the King and
Queen, and "Nipped off a nose."
Wicked blackbird! Lucky bird to be so
snug! Ha! ha! ha! ha! ha!
But alas! There comes a ring at the
THRILLING MIDNIGHT ADVENTURE.
WE, that is, Frank Ruddell and
I, were cruising about in a
naphtha launch three sum
mers ago, during the long va
cation from school. We slept
under the awning which by day kept
off the heat of the sun. The launch
had no cabin. The worst enemy that
we encountered during a fortnight was
the Sacramento River mosquito, who
came from the tules accompanied by
all his blood and blooded relations.
One Saturday night I will long re
member, for then we had an adven
ture which, I think, you will agree was
thrilling. We were well up the river
above Sacramento and had tied up the
launch to the river bank for the night,
according to our custom. By 10 o'clock,
never dreaming of danger, we had both
fallen asleep. Frank slept upon the
seat on one side of the launch and I
slept upon the other. When I awoke
I thought that Frank was lying beside
me. "Get up, Frank!" I shouted, "and
have done with your fooling; this is too
warm a night to be sleeping double."
The answer that I received was a
snarling noise, such as no human oe
fng ever made. I knew the sound well.
It was the voice of a mountain lion.
So. then, my bedfellow was a mountafn
lion, and not a very good natured one
at that. • The moon had risen while we
slept and the Interior of the launch was
fully illuminated by the moonlight. I
was* lying: on the inner edge of the seat
and was facing the other seat, upon
which Frank was. He was awake and
I could see that his eyes were upon me
and also that he could see what sort of
a bedfellow I had.
He had been awakened by nly shout
and the snarling of tfce lion. Unlik»
ts>\s i.o j^-^is. 'fiAyje mmmm%m>
giants than In your hands. Now I am
going down to breakfast. If you will
get some more giants I don't care.'
When the Prince found the breakfast
room he was surprised at the height
of the table and also at the size of Gor
bozo's favorite chair. He tore up a
napkin, that was as big as the cover
ing of a tent, and threw it over the
chairback and then climbed up into the
chair hand over hand after the fash
ion of sailors. In front of him was a
bell. This he rang, out of bravado,
and before the sound of the bell had
stopped ringing through the house a
giantess, the daughter of Gorbozo,
came into the room. When she saw
Prince I Don't Care she was greatly
surprised, but being full of fun she
came up to the Prince as he sat at the
table and asked humbly what he would
like. "Breakfast, and that very quick
ly!" roared the Prince, striking the ta
ble heavily with his clenched fist.
"Come now; move as if you were used
to waiting upon a gentleman every day
and don't stand there looking at me as-<
If I were a curiosity out of some mu
seum."
"I am Grundalkin, the daughter of
Gorbozo," answered the giantess, "and
I think that I will breakfast after you
are done; that is, I will eat you up
after you have finished eating."
"And you promise me that you will
not eat me until I am through eating?"
"Yes," answered the giantess.
"Very well, then," said the Prince; "if
you keep your word that will be all
right and I will die of old age; for I
door bell just before mamma is about
to start for home.
Her company stays
some time. The sun
is tired of shining
any more for the
day — just as Little
Mister is almost
tired of playing. He
goes into the house
hoping that his
aunties will urge
him to have some
more cakes— which
they do, and he
votes inwardly thaj
they — both theca*kes
and the aunties, but
the cakes first — are
too sweet for any
thing as he has often heard his mamma
say — although he has never clearly
made out what she means by that. But,
when the cakes are all eaten. Auntie
brings out a horrid pail full of warm
water and into it he goes, regardless
of his protests, when he Is scrubbed.
Hear his voice raise
in wailing. Was he
ever happy in this
world? Will be ever
be happy more? He
thinks not. The
bath comes to an
end, as do all things
worldly. He feels
very comfortable,
after all. Then he
finds out that he is
tired. Then— well
here is his picture
and that shows
what he does at
this stage of the
game. See him
yawn!
many boys, he did not jump up and so
provoke the lion. He had a good head,
as the sequel will -»-ove.
"Lie still," he whispered almost in
audibly. "Your lion is a big fellow. I
have my rifle here and after the brute
drops off to sleep again I will" —
Here he was interrupted by the re
newed snarling of the lion, and so his
purpose was. to some extent, a mystery
to me. The silence seemed to pleas*
the lion, which, after lookinsr about a
little, as I judged gave a deep sigh and
then went quietly to sleep, enjoying the
warm place that it had found.
Thinking it over as well as I could
under the circumstances, I was satis,
fled that the lion was no more than a
cub, for a grown lion would not hay&
acted as this brute had. Never mind;
this was enough of a non to make it
very unpleasant, not to say dangerous
for me, if I made a move to quit his
society. Two or three times I tried to
slide from the seat when the heavy
breathing of the lion told me that he
was asleep. The brute stirred uneas
ily, and I took warning and gave up all
idea of trying to help myself. Some
thing dropped unon my shoulder. It
was the head of the mountain lion,
which he had placed there in order that
he might have a more comfortable posi
tion for sleep. Then he was off for a
very long nap.
Frank did not fall asleep during this
slow performance. Neither did he
move until the lion had been sleeping
some time with its head upon my
shoulder. Then Frank reached cau
tiously for his rifle and brought it to
an aim, resting it upon his knees for
steadiness. Do you think that I was
happy just then? To me it seemed that
will never be through eating until I can
eat no more. But hurry now. I want
some fine mountain trout at once and
some bread and some wild honey and
a plenty of the milk of the red goat that
lives in the belfry."
This puzzled the giantess. She found
the trout and the bread and the wild
honey, but she had never heard of a
red goat that lived in a belfry. So the
breakfast was put on the table without
the milk.
"A pretty giantess as ever the sun
shone on you certainly are," said the
Prince, who had some knowledge of hu
man nature; "but I cannot eat my
breakfast until I have the milk."
The giantess wpnt out and found that
some bad boys had driven a goat up
into the belfry and there had painted it
red. She made all haste to get the
milk and when she brought it to the
Prince she laughed aloud. "I have the
milk now and you must eat your break
fast. After breakfast you are mine."
The Prince smiled gayly and said: "I
don't care, Tou said that I could live
until I had finished eating." Then he
took from his girdle his sharp dagger
and cut from the bread a slice so thin
that the giantess could see the light
through it.
"At this rate," said the Prince, "this
loaf of bread will last me a week. You
can run away now and play and I will
call you when I want anything."
The giantess saw that the Prince had
played a trick upon her, but she al
ways kept her word, even if she was a
STOP crying. Molly ! But you hate a broken dolly ?
\ needn't mind to fix her hair,
You'll always know the crack is iheren
Ah. sweet, 'us sure I cannot cure
This grief .TT, We grown folks too." endure
Through life some broken dolly— with weDing, Molly!
the muzzle of Frank's rifle was pointed
directly for my head. As a matter of
fact I was in about as ticklish a po
sition as was poor William Tell's son,
when the apple was about to be shot
from his head.
The lion slept on. Frank had made
sure that the rifle was all right before
he aimed. The perspiration was stand
ing on his brow from excitement, but
his hands were steady. All being ready
Frank spoke out aloud:
"Keep perfectly still."
I was as silent as a statue— but not
WELCOME SURPRISE.
By MINNIE BRADLEY,
SAN FRANCISCO.
THE ground was covered with
snow. We were all going to visit
Grandma on my birthday. This
was in the East. The big sleigh
was in front of the house and
there were two horses hitched to it. We
took the largest sleigh, because we were
going to meet Aunt Ida on the way.
Uncle Phil drove. It was a long way
through the snow to Grandma's. When
we came to her home, a large white
house, we all got out while Uncle Phil
took the horse to the barn. Grandma
was very glad to see us. We had never
been to see Grandma since she had
moved and we were anxious to see the
new house.
We were just inside of the house
when we were met by our eight cousins,
four girls and four boys. First we
went up to the nursery and began to
jilay. Then I wanted to go downstairs
and into the parlor, but I found that
the dnor was locked. I asked why this
was and they told me that Grandma
had a surprise for me and she had kept
the door locked that I might not find
Gaze upon this picture and answer who is the hero whose features are disclosed
in the puzzle picture. So long as the earth stands there will never be a greater
man than this. . • 
out the surprise too soon. We soon
were called to dinner and I was very
glad. I noticed that Grandma was
smiling and I did not know why then.
She told us to get in Itne and inarch
into the back parlor. Then she threw
ox>en the folding doors and there was
ferocious giantess and made a business
of preying upon people.
She went out, and by this time her
father, aided by several other giants,
had succeeded in breaking open the
huge iron front door and ran into the
castle. He smelled the breakfast and
went to the breakfast room. The Prince
was not there. "Where was he?
D. H. W.
(To.be continued.)
♦
Freddie, aged 5, had been watching
his mother preparing the turkey for
dinner and finally said: "Mamma, I'd
rather be a wild turkey than a tame
one." "Why so, dear," she asked. "Be
cause," was the reply, "a wild one can
run around on the prairie all his life
and a tame one gets killed every year."
"No, Willie, dear," said mamma, "no
more cake to-night. Don't you know you
cannot sleep well on a full stomach?"'
"Well," replied Willie, "I can sleep on
my back."
the lion. Awakened by Frank's voice
the brute looked up. His head was
raised a trifle above my shoulder.
Quick as a flash Frank fired. The bul
let must have entered the lion's brain.
It stiffened out after a brief struggle,
in which its claws were used to tear
up my hunting suft
"Hurrah for William Tell." shouted
I, leaping up and rushing over to shake
Frank's outstretched hand.
The lion was a cub, but quite a large
one. Frank has the skin and I have
kept the claws for a memento
a beautiful tree, ju3t like a Christmas
tree, and it was full of lovely presents.
I got a gold ring, a writing desk and
many other things, and the baby had
a rubber doll and a rocking horse, a
wagnn and other things. We had a
nice time playing games after dinner.
We stayed at Grandma's all night and
had a lovely sleigh ride home the next
morning. That was the nicest birthday
that I ever had.
CORRESPONDENTS.
Dear Editor: I thought I would write
you a few lines. I am in the sixth grade
My teacher's name is Miss Parkman. I
have a pet dog. His name is Jack. He is
a bird dog. I have a little sister. Her
name is Lucille. She is very handsome.
She Is 2 years old. My papa lets me write
on his typewriter. Christmas week papa
and I made some home-made candy. I
enjoy reading the Boys' and Girls' Page
very much. We all like The Call. I am
11 years old. I go to the Longfellow
School. Your reader,
LERA F. I'RDICK. San Jose, Cal.
Dear Editor: 1 thought that I would
write you again. When I wrote to you
last I was 10 years old; now I am 12. I
like to see the children's letters in The
Call. 1 was very happy to see my poem
published. I have a little dog. We call
h!m Prin<se. I have also two kittens and
a big black cat. We call her Jet. We
have been having vacation. I am In the
sixth grade, i go to the Milbrae School.
We have a very nice teacher. Her name
is Miss Lawrence. Your friend,
ROSEMARY SHIELDS,
Millbrae, San Mateo County, Cal.
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
i First Baptist Church, Eddy street, s«a*
Jones- E. A. Woods.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-second— R«v. J. Q. Gibson.
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
St. Brendan's. Fremont and Harrison
streets— Nugent.
St. Briidd's, Van Ness avenue and Broad
way—Father Cottle.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany and
Croke streets— Saleslan Fathers.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets— Father Cummings.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Steiner streets-
Rev. Plus Murphy.
Bt. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgom
ery — Father Carraher.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. D. O'Sulllvan.
St. Ignatius, Van Nesj avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
8t James. Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets— P. R. Lynch.
.St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
- O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prenderga'st,
V. G.
St. Mary's Church, California and Dupont
streets— Paullst Fathers.
Et. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
St. Paul's. Twenty-ninth and Churoh
streets — Father Connolly.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets— Saleslan Fathers.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty
fourth— P. S. Casey.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth —
Father Nugent.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
St. Teresa's. Tennessee and Butte streets —
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue — Father Coyle.
West Side Christian, Bush street, between
Scott and Devisadero— Rev. W. A. Gard
ner.
First Christian. Twelfth Et.. bet. Mission
and Howard— F. 8. Ford.
First Congregational, Post and Mason
streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— H. T. Shepard.
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherington.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Archdeacon Emery.
Grace Episcopal. California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Et. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Bt John the Evangelist. Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— E. B. Spaldlng.
St. Mary the Virgin. Union and Steiner
streetß— Rev. H. Parrish.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
St. Stephen's Church, Fulton street, near
 Webster— Rev. E. J. Lion.
St. James' Episcopal Mission, Richmond
• District.
First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Bt. Stephen's Mission. 1712 Hayes street-
Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church, Stock
ton street, near Clay — Rev. F. Brunn.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis
sion etreet, between Fifth and Sixth-
Rev. C. E. Locke.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church. Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev. W. D.
Crabb.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
.Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee and Sola
no streets — S. M. Woodward.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue and
Clement street — George Baugh.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be
tween Gough and Octavla — C. R.
Rlddlck.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen
ty-sixth streets— W. M. Woodward.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church. Hayes
and Buchanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
Bt. John's Presbyterian, California and Oc
tavla streets.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mac
kenzie.
First United Presbyterian, Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey
nolds.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
Capp streets— R«v. A. N. Carson.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web
ster streets— S. S. Cryor.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth street
and Railroad avenue — Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Gearv
streets— J. Hemphlll.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church Guerrera
St., near Twenty-third— Rev W. E. Dugan.
F -Rev. nl D r rll s n tebtln7 "* Fn "*" n " treeU
11 "*
' T. M. C. A. Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
streets.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter of th© Ameri
can Guild at its meeting on last Wednes
day night initiated three candidates and
there are several more to be Inducted into
the mysteries of the order. The instaJla
. tlon of the officers for the current term
was deferred until the 26th lnat.
' All *xran«enient&- ia,v« been, completed^
Momlngr— Preaching and divine senrlce at
• 11. ■ . Evening— "Christ" s Inaugural Ad
drees," with stereoptlcon views.
Mornlns— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-—
Same.
Morning— Divine service with sermon by the
pastor at 11. Evening— by the
pastor.
Morning— High man and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening .
—Sermon and vespers. '' ■ ■-.
Morning— High mail and Bermon. Even
ing—Vespers. . ■ :-,lv.i
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Vespers and sermon. '• • •:
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassinl. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser
mon and benediction.
Morning— High mass at 10:80 o'clock. Even
ing—Vespers _ and sermon.
Morning — at the 10:30 o'clock mass
by Father Newell, O. P. Evening—
dition of special music.
Morning— High ■ mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Vespers, benediction and
sermon on the Gospel of the day.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
Morning— Communion of the members of the
Young Ladles' Sodality at 7:30. Solemn
celebration of the Feast of the Holy Name
at 10:30. Evening — Solemn high vespers
and a sermon by Rev. D. J. Mahoney, B.*
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening—Ves
pers, benediction and a sermon.
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Ves
pers.
Morning— Sermon at high mass by Rev. E.
P. Dempsey. Evening — Sermon at vespers
by Rev. C. A. Ramm.
Morning — at the 11 o'clock mass by
Father MacCorry. Evening— Special scer
mon by Father Hopper on "The Prepara
tion for the Consecration of the Coining
Century to Our Lord Jesus Christ."
Morning — High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the parish. Evening-
Vespers, sermon and benediction.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even
ing—Sermon and vespers.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even
' ing;— Sermon in Italian by one of the
priests of the community.
Morning— Sermon on the Oospel. Evening-
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Morning— Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock,
with sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Vespers.
Morning— mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening-
Vespers and sermon.
Morning— mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening — by the pastor.
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening
Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Morning— "Godliness." Evening— The Wit
ness of the Spirit."
Morning— "The Prayer of Faith." Evening
—"Jonah Running Away From God."
Morning— "The Light of Life, and How We
May Have It." Evening— "Our Supreme
Hope In God for Civic Regeneration."
Morning— Know That All Things Work
Togetner for Good to them That Love
God." Evening— "Render Therefore Unto
Caesar the Things Which Be Caesar's."
Morning— "High Alms." . Evening— "The
Soul's Anchor."
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening —
Sermon by same.
Morning — "The Contents of Consecration."
Evening — "The Higher Thought of Rob
ert Browning," with prelude on the situa
tion at Sacramento.
Morning— Holy communion at 7; morning
prayer (full choir) at 10; choral celebra
tion and sermon at 11.
Morning — Sermon by the rector on a sub
ject appropriate to the day. Evening —
Special music and sermon.
Morning— "The Apostolic Succession."
Evening— by Rev. W. C. Shaw.
Morning— service for the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and Instruction.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening — Sermon.
Morning — Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
• — Evensong and sermon at 8.
Morning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and ser
mon.
Morning— Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Sermon and Instruction.
Morning— Holy communion 7 o'clock; chil
dren's service 10 o'clock; morning prayer
and second celebration of the holy com
munion; sermon by the rector. 11 o'clock.
Evening— Prayer at 7:45 o'clock.
Morning— and holy communion at 11
o'clock and a sermon by clergy of St.
Stephen's Church. Evening— Prayer and
sermon at 8 o'clock.
Morning— "Assurance." Evening— "The Tes
timony of Infidels to the Truth of Chris
tianity."
Morning— "Christ's Epistles." Evening—
"What Think Ye of ChrlstT"
Morning— school at 9:80 o'clock.
Evening— Prayer at 8 o'clock, followed by
sermon.
Morning— "How to Build Up a Church."
Morning— "To-Morrow' WonderH." Even
ing—"Bricks Without Straw."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
sermon and religious Instruction.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Same.
Morning — Divine services at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon . by the pastor.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock; Sunday
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service
at 7:30 o'clock.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
. Same.
Morning— by the pastor at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer ser
vice.
Morning— "Th« Privilege and Power of Per
sonal Experience." Evening— "l believe
In the Forgiveness of Sin."
Morning— Sermon "— Rrr. W. A. Hutchln
son. . — Sermon by same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
"Young People Beginning Life for Them
selves," by the pastor.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even
ing—Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Same.
Morning— "Rewards Measured by Deed*."
Evening — "Economic Reasons for the Sab
bath, and the Character of Its Oppon
ents."
Mornln*— "Let Love Be Without Dissimu
lation." Evening— "A Street Scene From
a Palace Window."
Morning— Sermon and divine service at 11.
Evening— Bermon and Instruction.
Morning— by the pastor at 11 ■
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by Rev. B. C.
Henry, a distinguished orator from China.
Morning— "Life's Fingerboards." Evening
— "God'B Coin."
Morning— Sermon by th« Rev. Roderick
StebbTns of Milton. Mass.
MoTnlng— "What Is the Use of Religion?"
Evening— "Good Deeds Memorable.
8 p. m.— Lecture by Evangelist Needham to
young men only on the subject of "A
Jericho Politician."
for the social to b© given by the ladies of
the chapter early in February. A good
programme has been arranged and after
the several numbers of vocal and instru
mental music shall have been given there
will be dancing until midnight.
■ ♦ «
In .Russia servants kiss their mistress'
hands both as morning and, evenly
THIS SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 15, 1899.
HALB'S.
two great features: sale of enamelware, and also the Aaron bankrupt stock :
one of the very best brands of enamel . ' J^—/ » of the Aaron stock of underwear bought
ware is that of "Kieck- ' t^t\ fSS&f /MHOf/ hy us from the Board
hefer"; this is the Affrjs/££b s* s*> iw^'^^^flK' /Mr/ jM ot Trade at 68c on th »
wives know very well MfJz&^7rt&J&' S^9 j^^My ,/jßy XMJ^SK\ <& Vj^Jfci^N. iS^Jr^f A&^f 3& AJ^P%**% little; it speak 3 for it-
ware; this Is sold as *^s^K^^^~^^^^/S»* fJßff *^~~Cx^^***— —^ """" C^ S ant lingerie retailed
the very best enamel " n^ ' m * u mttm %£r /JoSsf _/^*^— —^— — — — *^ 1 •%s^»««™»^mi^^—^^^^^^^^^tfS^^^^ or ' ess tnan *' was
Bteel ware far ordinary. J> " -^^^^^^€P^£h Gi)4}&&^^^^ SF/N£ UNPEP tff^"^^^^ made for.
a triple alliance:
good cook, good ware, good food.
/^nmootln 60 doz. turklsh towels,
QOmeSllC bleached; size. 22x47;
*+\r*-nr> plain white and col-
attr aCtlOnS ored borders.. |g^>
B0 doa. Turkish towels, unbleached, QQ/»
extra large alee; 27x58 inches **»«
20» doz. turklsh towels, bleached, OJ C
all sizes and grades; 16x36; each.. VJ3V-
-20x38, 10c; 20x48. 20o; 24x54, 33 l-3o each.
27x60, 60c each; 28x62, 75c each. .
18 doz. huck towels, hemstitched, size,
21x40, In red and blue borders; Qf|f»
regularly 25c; now •• *vv
600 pillow cases, hemmed, handkerchief
border, good quality muslin, 45x38 inches
7c each.
embroidered pillow cases, 27Hc to 62Uc
300 yards white apron lawn, 40 Inches wide,
fancy open work border,
16c quality now 10c yard
10c quality now 5o yard
nntirtnC fancy silk-frilled Bilk elastic
nOIIOnS one i nc h wide, per yard.. 9c
ladies' shell hair ornaments 5c
metal-top side combs, pair 5c
white finishing braid, 6 yards for 4c
satin gored belt supporter. In black, pink,
red, orange and blue, per pair.. 12& C
mohair and silk trimming braid, V 4 and %
inch wide, per yard 100
in navy blue, red, ■ green, brown and tan.
crown knitting silk, per ball 2V4c
Btamped denim cushion covers 15c
Bilk tassels for fancy work, dozen 18c
RED CROSS
WORK IN CUBA
Continued From Page Seventeen.
the Red Cross as a godsend. The Cu
ban hospital was better furnished with
beds and bedding and other appliances
than the one they had just left. It
had been a regular army hospital un
der the Spaniards, and on their quick
retreat they had left nearly everything
intact. So these patients were in a
much better condition. But "better
is only a relative term.
The place was foul to the eyes and
to the nostrils. The surgeons in charge
begged that the ladles of the Red Cross
should wait a day until the place had
been thoroughly cleaned. Red Cross
nurses, however, are trained in a school
that makes the annihilation of dirt its
first principle.
So, early the following morning, they
appeared with pails, scrubbing brushes,
soap, whitewash and disinfectants, and
the way in which they went to work
elicited the admiration and astonish
ment of all who saw them. Before
nightfall the patients had been care
fully bathed, put into clean clothing
and then into clean, sweet smelling
beds, which, like all the rest of the
furniture, and even the walls and the
floors, had been thoroughly washed and
disinfected.
New Clamors From the Men.
And now the transformed Cuban hos
pital presented such a notable contrast
of peace, cleanliness and comfort to the
squalor, negligence and suffering In the
United States hospital that loud
clamors arose among the American sol
diers.
"What kind of people," they cried,
"are these Red Cross folk, that come
down here and give the best of every
thing to the Cubans and pass by our
boys, who are dying for the want of
these very attentions?"
The clamors were only Intensified as
they were turned to other quarters by
the explanations of the Red Cross peo
ple that they had first gone to the
United States army surgeons with prof
fers of assistance, which had been
unanimously declined.
"Why?" was f.e inquiry that arose
everywhere.
No satisfactory answer was forth
coming. The clamors grew in force
and volume until in a day or two the
army surgeons deemed it best to allay
further irritation by a general accept
ance of whatever was needed in the
way of Red Cross stores or personal
assistance from its representatives.
As a result the American hospital
was soon made as comfortable as the
Cuban. From that time on to the end
of the war the army surgeons and the
Red Cross worked in perfect harmony
and with mutual respect and admira
tion. A Red Cross hospital was opened
at Slboney and immedlatel. filled to
its utmost capacity with American sol
diers and Government employes. Red
Cross surgeons were given operating
tables in the army hospital and on the
field and with the aid of the Red Cross
nurses rendered incalculable service in
the bloody days that soon followed.
As General Shafter pressed forward
with his troops and the fighting became
more severe, and his chief surgeon. Col
onel Pope, appealed to Miss Barton for
aid to be sent out to the front, she
responded by immediately leading a
party in person, which went forward
in army wagons and on foot, over an
execrably bad road. They soon had
their tents up and their kettles boiling,
and for several days they devoted all
their time to relieving the sufferings
of the wounded on the field. They
found many of the poor fellows lying
on the field, where they had been left
after their wounds had been dressed.
often without adequate clothingr. and
with no shelter save that afforded by
small trees and Bhrubs against the al
ternations of Intense heat In the day
and v ncomf or table chilliness at night.
HALES.
we are now in a state of "betwixt and between," just passing out of fall stocks and
cleaning up all departments to make room for spring goods : these are cleanup prices.
6-quart stamped tin
nxllkpan 5c
ytiSSSg^SSaSBB S-quart granite steel
'@9§>gO jfreSfr lipped saucepan.... 15c
10-quart <Ilshpan...lOc
StjjJsJßw >^Bfc> 8-quart granita steel
Sfi 1 Ll^liWrrflr Straight pot with cover
18-lnch pieced enameled
fk. ladle, extra strong... sc
Tt"vtfiLr\ 2-quart pieced tin 01l-
W/'* '^1 can lOc
X J !>^3 10-lnoh granite steel
Bll^^n washbowl 10c
■ I 9."' Florpnce oil stove, ona
mil TJfß^ burner, Hftle's price...
75c
-»_^ m Mb/HK JH-inch wire potato
maeher, wood handle..
3c
our buyer for cloaks went East Saturday.
■? v \BBSr Ell£i Nb^ SJ .yBP H
IoHIOC* natural gray and white swiss
lauiCo ribbed, wool vest, lnw neck, no
Vftctc sleeves, heavy, quality; crochet
YOSIS neck; Aaron's price, CSc;QO/-»
Hale's price UOC
ladles' ■ natural gray wool vest, swiss ribbed,
high neck, long sleeves, colors pink, blue, gray
and white; Aaron's price, $1; Hale's T/T.r>
price C Ow
r»VnlrlT»nr»'c fancy plaid cotton hose, ex-
U>llllUl Oil o tra fine quality and choice
Vine colorings; made of maco
IIUoO yarn; double heels and toes;
Aaron's price, GOc; QQr>
Hales AtJ C
continuation of the great sale of jackets, capes and suits :
IoHIOC* black Iron frame figured alpaca'
lalUvd with good quality ■ percaline,
_I_i ■n-t-ei bound with velvet, tailor finished
SKIFLS seams throughout, neat patterns,
all sizes; reduced <£Q 'T'CT
from $6 to «J>O« C O
vtliicVi ladles' black silk plush capes, fast
piUSII color, silk rhadame lined, Thibet
..„.. fur edged around collar and down
CdutJS front, braid and bead trimmed, 19
Inches deep,' full sweep, sizes 34 to
44; reduced from S4 50 to <2>Q Pt(\
milllT»OT>W riant closing out our stock of children's tarn o'shanters and school hats from 250 to 45c; continuance of our sale
11U111UC1 Jf UCpU of French and domestic felt shapes— all going at one price, 25c each.
San Francisco's greatest mailorder house.
937, 939, 941 f 943, 945, 947 Market street.
(clear through from Market street to Stevenson street.)
varied by deluging rainstorms, for the
rainy season had now set in.
Exodus of Non -Combatants.
During the siege of Santiago General
Shafter sent word to General Toral. the
Spanish commander, that unless the
city was surrendered within 24
hours he would bombard it. The sur
render was refused. An exodus of non
combatants of all ages and both sexes,
to the number of 30,000 or more, hur
riedly took place. Some 20.000 took
refuge in El Caney. This vast horde
of hungry wretches overwhelmed the
little village, whose normal population
was barely 500. At a word from Gen
eral Shafter Miss Barton sent thither
Mr. Elwell to form a citizens" commit
tee for the purpose of distributing the
food that was to follow as quickly as
transportation could be secured. Every
horse, mule and vehicle that could be
borrowed, begged or hired was pressed
into service, and for two weeks the Red
Cross agents worked night and day in
relieving the place. An elderly gentle
man from Brooklyn, C. C. Bangs, was
given charge of the relief supplies, and
he worked faithfully as cook and dis
penser from sixteen to eighteen hours
a day, until the surrender of Santiago,
when the city people returned to their
homes. But the strain proved too much
for him. He came to the Red Cross
headquarters, which had meanwhile
been established at Santiago, sick and
broken, to fall a victim to calentura.
He was buried in the cemetery at San
tiago.
Red Cross at Santiago.
It had taken five days of hard and
steady work for the Texas to discharge
her cargo at the surrendered city. She
then left on her return trip to New
York, leaving the Red cross after that
without any efficient means of trans
portation, as the railroads had been
broken, and there were none but gov
ernment ships in the harbor.
The Government had few delicacies
at its disposal for its sick men. These
were so hard to get at, owing to the
official red tape, that those in quest of
them could not get their orders filled
until their patients had died or recov
ered. Consequently it was only nat
ural they should flock to the Red Cross,
where it was only necessary to state
the need and to write a requisition in
order to obtain whatever was In stock.
Official Red Tape.
"There was at both Siboney and San
tiago a great congestion of Government
steamers, causing much confusion and
consequent delay in getting commis
sary and quartermaster stores ashore.
The Government, of course, had charsre
of everything, including wharves and
lighters, and as we were unable to com
mand these facilities several shipments
of goods sent to the Red Cross at Santi
ago were never allowed to land and
were returned to the United States."
DESERTED HIS WIFE.
David J. Thomas, a furniture dealer at
14 McAllister street, appeared in Judge
Graham's court yesterday to answer a
charge of deserting his wife and associat
ing with another woman, Mrs. Viola B.
Perry. The case was continued till to
morrow morning.
Thomas and his wife were married
about five years ago, and lived in a house
on Liberty street, which they purchased
on the installment plan. They lived hap
pily together until about six months ago,
when Thomas began to absent himself
from dinner. Then he became bolder and
stayed away nights. Mrs. Thomas be
came suspicious, and finally she discov
ered him with Mrs. Perry lunching In a
restaurant near the City Hall. His wife
upbraided him for his conduct, and he
frankly told her he had intended going
with Mrs. Perry until he was found out.
Shortly afterward he left his wife alto
gether and went to live at the house of
Mrs. Perry, 528 Golden Gate avenue,
where he was arrested on Friday night.
Mrs. Thomas has been living with her
Bister, and through her attorney, Joseph
Coffey, she instituted suit in Judge Hunt's
court for alimony, and the suit is now
pending. Sh« is only 23 years of age and
„ <iuit.e comely*
HALES.
MB&i^jiiiiffitei**^ l-plnt tin cup ...2c'
{HgfcSSßfß J 10-quart granite steel
t .j ajaJM asy**"^ rinsing pan 22c
Blflj^M^a granite steel breadpan.
9%x4K 10c
in 1 p» «y •^m^ S-quart granite steel
Wjs§Miy^ pudding pan lOc
w| .. SB ffl&Hm 10-quart enameled steel
' JV4-lnch acme frying
pan l(»,.
Lj imT ) 1-quart pieced tin grnd-
OjpK— ' uated measuro 5c
FrfSi 16-inch wire dish draln-
w er 25c
js^g^ifßl'-'X^. >„ 7Vi-lnch stamped tin
vLQf*iffit&sJ tubed cakepan.....lOc
VESfw»i=SETrwnF 20-ln japanned serv-
fcuKr/ lns tray 40c
13-inch embossed serv-
ing tray 5c
our fancy goods buyer has gone East.
VOcfc QTirl ladles' all wool ribbed vest
YOOla ailU an pants; shirts high neck,
n n 11 to long "leeves, heavy quality;
JJctlltO crochet neck and front;
Aaron's price. $1 50 <J? f
per garment; Hale's €j> 1
natural gray and white wool vests and pants,
heavy quality, shirts satin front and crochet
neck: Aaron's price, 75c garment ; A O ,-,
Hale's , 4OC
IqHiOC* ' odd lot, some fancy, some black,
idUIOO also tan; all of them put in one
L.- co lot to clean them out; first come
IlUbtJ first served; they won't tPZr*
last over Monday lOC
larHnc' black cheviot jacket lined with
IaUICD fancy striped metallic sleeves,
Znnirn+c capped storm collar, box front,
Jdl/XVoto four buttons, tailor finished
seams, a very warm and service-
able garment; sizes 34 to <£Q fv^
black boucle jackets, high storm collar, newest
pleated sleeves, box front, buttons on the fly,
two pockets, faced with rhadame silk, niceiy
tailored throughout; reduced from $5 00 <Ir A
to «!>•'+
every article Is shown in our window plainly
marked and Is well worth studying.
FILIPINOS
AS CITIZENS
Continued From Pag© Twenty-One.
lie office as among the rulers of free
America.
Annexation will possibly have the pe
culiar effect of changing family names
in the Philippines. As a paterfamilias,
the Filipino has no superior, here or
elsewhere; for nowhere, I verily be
lieve, is there more family affection
than among the natives of my country,
but the mother is really the head of the
home; her word is law and she gives
the surname to her offspring, who hold
her in peculiar awe. However, the
elastic nature of the Filipinos will
easily adjust itself to new conditions,
and will retain its inherent virtue.
I do not believe, as some of my coun
trymen do, that the Filipino will dis
appear before the incoming tide of
American emigration, as did the Amer
ican Indian. There are good reasons
for this belief. One is, we are of the
tropics tropical, and not even a hun
dred generations could completely ac
climatize the American, nor adapt him
to the conditions of this sultry zone.
There is no more danger that we will
be supplanted by the Americans than
that the Dutch will supplant the Ma
lays in Java. The body of the popula
tion must ever be native-born and in
that physiological necessity and eth
nological fact lies our national salva
tion. Therefore, even in the event of
American annexation, the Filipinos will
in the main rule themselves; nor can
any one else do it so well.
The Filipinos are by nature agricul
turists. The farm suits them better
than the store or factory. The Chineße
and the foreigners, indeed, almost
monopolize the trade of the islands; the
natives being in the main producers,
or else in the professions. And right
here will come the great opportunity
for American commerce; for the carry
ing trade of the islands, as well as the
various kinds of manufacture will soon
be in American hands, and the chances
for large profit will soon draw many
investors to those golden shores.
The hemp, tobacco, sugar, lumber, in
digo, rice and cocoa industries will thus
alone receive a magnificent impetus
and the production of these articles of
export will be stimulated, so that with
in five years their yield will be in
creased threefold. Hitherto there was
little incentive to work hard for one
self, since the profits were shorn for
the benefit of the oppressor. Woe to
the Filipino who prospered; he was
fleeced in a thousand ways by the of
ficials of the state and of the church.
Thus ambition was atrophied and en
terprise of every sort was dwarfed into
apathy. Foreign investors also were
similarly encouraged, and many were
only allowed to leave the scene of their
unprofitable investment after they had
lost their last dollar.
Millions of acres of arable land are
yet untilled. They wait an era of de
mand to Impel them to frultfulness;
and America will create that demand
by an increasing commerce, that will
redound to her double advantage. For,
in exchange for the products of the is.
lands, she will give the thousand and
one articles of civilization manufac
tured in America. Send us prayer books
and missionaries for our rice and hemp
if you wish; but keep out American
liquors and American politics. No one
can drink the strong beverages of the
temperate zone in the Philippines and
live. Many foreigners, it is true, in
] sist upon their arrival in Manila on
calling for whiskies and brandies; but
such indulgence is sure, even if con
tinued only moderately, to superinduce
a fatal fever, or some other tropical dis
ease. Many of the foreigners who
have died there owed their deaths to
the daily tipple alone. For this reason
the climate has not been so dangerous
to the natives of wine drinking coun
tries, like France and Ital^. American
troops should be cautioned In. regard
HALES.
11 1 11 1 1 ja-i. _ 6-hole muffin pan
'Wfi T&Rf&K (ploced tin), first-class
14-sheet grater^.^...Bc
E^^^^\ doormats, core fiber. . .
coalhod and shovel
|><( TT ISo
fg||||« 7-Inch Japanned cuspi-
-10-quart tin water pall
m? C v d a h y Diamond C
ww soap ...2c
Xfl Jk Japanned coalhod...sc
WB^^ . 1214-Inch, 3-prong, ex-
tra strong wire meat
fork .....^o
*" . S>— -^^ 11-lnch wire s n k
~~ etrainer 100
our millinery buyer is about to go East.
tlcrhtc ladies' all-wool tights, olosed,
LiglltO black, gray and pink; heavy qual-
ity, swlbs ribbed, full fashioned and finished
seams; Aaron's price, pair, $2; t£ 1
Hale's s>l
DOVS *tra heavy cotton, corduroy andnar-
! "* w c7 "* row ribbed, fast color and seamless;
nOS© Aaron ' 3 Price, 25c; Hales.. j^r*
infanic' honeycombed bibs, with lace
lllictlllb edge all round; while FSf,
Vnl"»o they last «*^
UlUb quilted bibs with deeep lace
edge all round.; while O l<->
they last * O3v
eillr changeable taffeta silk petticoat
OLIX%. skirt, deep flowing flounce of 9
olrirrf o ncnes - with four space cord at bot-
OA.II to torn of flounce, flounce lined with
linen, bound with velvet, in nice
variety of colors, finely finished, ttT Q O. tT
reduced from $1 50 to tJ>O»OO
Cillr while taking stock last week we put
OlllV aside a lot of odd silk waists, few
iirnicfc o£ eacn klnd > ln navy blue and
W dlo to black, different styles and qualities,
but in order to create a flutter
for Monday we reduce them from (tro Off
$6, $5 and U to tJ»^»Oit>
to this insidious danger, and strong
liquors, both for your sake and ours,
should be kept out of the colony.
Protestantism will not flourish in the
Philippines. The pomp and ceremonial
of the Catholic church appeals most
strongly to the native imagination, and
no religion which is wanting in splen
dor and in grand music will find a foot
hold in the Islands. There is thus lit
tle danger of the Filipinos ever becom
ing Quakers. They are a very musical
people. Every village has its native
orchestra, and in the processions, of
which the natives are so fond, and
which occur every few days, the music
is the chief feature. Indeed, it may
be said that every Filipino plays some
instrument, and even little children
five or six years of age play the piano
or guitar amazingly well. It is refresh
ing to go through the suburbs of Ma
nila on a fine summer's eve and to hear
the happy people on the wide verandas
of their homes singing and playing pop*
ular airs, which the passersby below
will take up, so that the whole street
resounds with melody. Music is truly
a great civilizer, and it has doubtless
been a powerful instrument in the
hands of the church to win the natives
to the standard of the cross.
Strange to say, the Filipinos, not
withstanding their great love for mu
sic and their wonderful ingenuity in in
venting and constructing musical in
struments, have no distinct school of
their own, preferring to play the com
positions of European composers than
to take the trouble to write their own.
I believe, however, that they are capa
ble of a high order of composition, for
one of the gifted Luna brothers, whom
I knew very well, composed some pieces
of extraordinary merit— and I am sure
others also have the genius to do so.
I believe that large estates should be
prohibited by law, for I fear that a
few Bchemlng Americans may soon own
the greater part of the Islands, and will
therefore soon have a great part of the
population .on their estates, educating
them for a future of dependence and
for political subserviency. At present
every native owns his own house and
his own little patch of land, and Is con
tented and happy. Let him continue
undisturbed in his humble possessions.
The chief necessity of the islands are
good schools, and we hope that the
Americans will not long withhold from
us this long desired feoon. Compara
tively few natives have had the ad
vantage of modern methods. At pres
ent the educational facilities are most
meager and the methods of the native
schoolmasters, as well as of the Span
ish priests, are most antiquated. Only
Spanish books have as a rule been al
lowed, and the whole course of colonial
education has had a theological bias.
The groundwork of superstition, how
ever — reared with such infinite labor
during the centuries of Spanish priest
craft—is fast giving way. The eyes of
the natives have at last been opened.
They will no longer tolerate the delu
sions of the past, but will eagerly em
brace the doctrines of the new. Under
American dominion, a glorious future
awaits the Filipino. He will for once
be able to hew out of the rock of op
portunity the statue of his own worth.
RAMON REYES LALA.
A FORGER RELEASED.
Al Alford, Dying of Consumption, Is
Allowed to Go Home to Texas.
Al Alford. alias Allen, secured his lib
erty from Judge Graham yesterday, and
he promised to go to his home In Texas
and end his days there. He Is dying
of consumption.
Alford was arrested about two months
ago as he was leaving San Quentln after
serving a term for forgery in Los An
geles, and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of forgery committed hero prior
to the Los Angeles offense. He waa ac
cused of forging the name of A. Allen
of Philadelphia to a draft which he
cashed at the First National Bank.
Yesterday Attorney Caldwell, for the
defendant, raised the point that the pros
ecution had failed to show that Allen had
not authorized the defendant to sign hi*
{ name tp the dra££, which was essential, aa
HALES.
no Tit C Qnfl children's cotton' undfer-
Pd.il IS cinU wear, pants and shirts,
_L!_i._ heavy quality and
SniriS fleeced, ehirts silk bound
at neck and front;
Aaron's price 25c to 35c; sizes 18, I^/"»
20, 22. 24. 26, 28, 30. Hale's price.. lOW.
wonl children's ribbed wool vest,
" WUI heavy quality, colors gray and
TTfio+ei white, silk bound at neck and
VColk) front, sizes 3, 4, 5 and 6; Aaron's
price 50c to 70c. Hale's QQ/>
price Ouv
natllTSll children's natural gray wool
JIO.IUJ.cII mixed underwear. heavy
tvnair quality, - shirts, pants and
gldY drawers to match, shirts silk
bound neck and front;
Aaron's price 40c to 60c garment. Hale's
price, sizes:
18, 20, 22. 24. 26, 2S. 30. 32. 34.
S.'c 30c 35c
children's natural gray wool ribbed under-
wear, heavy quality. Jersey ribbed and
shaped, crochet neck and front, pants
to match: Aaron's price 60c. OPE/-»
Hale's price Out
Vinire' 9 dozen boys' all-wool draw-
UUVa era, white, heavy quality,
/JtinmflriP Elzea 24 > 26 ' 2S - 30 - 32 - 34 '"
ClraWerS Aaron's price 60c to OCZf.
85c. Hale's price... OOV
infante' a whole lot of them, taken
HIICUILO from the baby wear of the
Knnfiao Aaron stock, of good worsted,
UUULICb at about half Aaron's price..
8 l-3c, 1O«, 150
?«fnnfo' of worsted, heavy quality.
lllldllLo trimmed in pink and blue;
sacques &W.J«Z J??: 39c
x____ _» children's cloth tarn o*
taiH O v i shanters, in blue, green
, a^_— and brown checks... sc
Sn3,lll6FS better ones, turned up
on one side, with
feather, in red, brown and blue |C«
checks •;;-' lUW
gloves 65c
150 dozen ladies' 2-clasp embroidered back
lambskin gloves, in tan. red, : brown, navy,
green and black, sizes 6% to 7; early ones
get them -. ....„'.. "5c
ladles' 4-button lambskin gloves, with em-
broidered and plain backs, colors red.
brown, tan, navy, green, black and white.
our regular dollar quality, on OQ/»
sale - ...~ •—• • *J«' '
1 _x> we have taken all our
S3.IG Ol broken Hnea of neckwear
! _^_ from $125 to $3 25, con-
lieCKWear sistlng of ecru lace Bo-
leros, also embroidery or
embroidery and lace combined; grass
linen collarettes, made of all-over em-
broidery and trimmed with white open-
work embroidery insertion; Admiral re-
veres, made of Japanese silk and trimmed
with narrow butter-colored lace and inser-
tion; black velvet collarettes, trimmed with
ecru lace 4 inches wide; black Point de
Gene lace collarettes; white lace collar-
ettes; ecru lace collarettes, trimmed with
satin and No. 1 black velvet ribbon; ecru
lace Jarbots, with black velvet collar,
trimmed with No. 5 satin ribbon, QO/>
and marked them to close out COy
determined in the Alonzo "Whitemaii oase
The Judge held that the point was well
taken and dismissed the case.
Alford has in the past given the Bank
ers" Association considerable trouble, and
the Pinkerton agency has other cases
against him. Attorney Ach, represent
ing the Bankers' Association, offered no
objection to Alford's discharge from cus
tody, considering his condition, and said
he would not molest him as long as ha
remained at his home. His relatives are
among the leading families in Texas.
Whipped a Gripman.
A warrant was sworn out in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday for the arrest of
Jack Sullivan, a hackman, on a charge of
battery. The complaining witness is A.
R. Wood, a gripman on the California
street line. Friday afternoon, at Califor
nia .street and Van Ness avenue, Sullivan
attempted to cross the track in front of
Wood's car, but Wood kept on. Sullivan
got mad, and used his whip freely on
Wood's face and shoulders, blackening
both his eyes.
R. J. Tobin Much Improved.
Word was received at police headquar
ters yesterday that Police Commissioner
Tobin's condition was very much im
proved and that danger of an immediate
collapse had passed. The news afforded
much gratification.
" THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
Mahogany finish corner
chair,with spring seat, up-
holstered in velours of var-
ied design and c010r.. 53.50
Solid oak combination bookcase and
writing desk; glass front; French oval
mirror, convenient writing lid $10
Metal beds have the preference, on
account of their healthfulness, dura-
bility, and attractiveness. Our line
embraces designs In solid brass and
fancy enamels, down to one in white
enamel, brass trimmings, for $2.75
Fancy figured Tapestry Portieres.
48 inches wide, full length, variety of
colors 52.55
Other things worth seeing in the
Drapery department, second floor.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
A Rug item oflinterest:
Handmade rugs, Inches, In
Tapestry at 25c each; in velvet and
moqyette, at 50c each.
Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda. Bcritetey
M, FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.. S. P.
Open evenings Near Stockton