VOLUME LXXXT-SO. 109.
LEGISLATIVE WORK WILL GO ON
UNTIL ELEVEN O'CLOCK TO-DAY
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S
POLITICAL REGIME HAS
BEEN OVERTHROWN
Daniel M. Burns Goes Down to
Oblivion in the Wreck.
But Three Men Dared to Face the Contempt
of the People by Deserting Their
Cause and Voting for the Mexican.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-]
MENTO, March IS.— The efforts of the
railroad and Burns to finish the Sena- :
torial contest in a midnight session of
the joint convention were defeated to- 1
day in one of the hardest and closest I
battles ever fought in the Legislature
of California. In opposition to the .
scheme the Grant men, aided by the
Democrats and stalwart friends of the
people in the camps of Barnes and
Scott, lined up and won a splendid vic
tory. The result of the day's contest is
the defeat of Burns' aspirations for the
Senatorship and the overthrow of the
political regime of the Southern Pacific
Company in this State.
The chief fight of Dibble, leading the
Burns contingent, was to obtain a re
cess until 4 o'clock in the afternoon and
then at the approach of darkness be
gin the work of manipulation. The Call
this morning apprised the members of
the Legislature of the dangers lurking
uehind a dark session and the good ana "
true men were on their guard.
The first changes to-day were regis
tered on the fourth ballot immediately
after Dibble's motion for a recess had
been defeated. On this ballot Assem
blyman Cosper went from the Scott
camp to Burns and Assemblyman Mar
vin went out of the Grant camp to the
corral of the colonel. Assemblyman
Reserve, a Democrat, voted for Grant,
which enabled the San Diego states
man to hold his own numerically. .
At the close of the seventh ballot
Senator Cutter introduced a resolution
to take twelve ballots and then adjourn
the convention sine die if no choice had
been reached. The resolution was
adopted; ayes 61, noes 57. On the sec
ond ballot of the closing series of
twelve Assemblyman Muenter left the
Barnes camp and voted for Van R.
Paterson. On the next ballot Senator
Taylor joined Muenter in voting for
Paterson. On the ballot following La
Baree left Scott and voted for Pater
son On the tenth ballot of the series
of twelve Assemblyman Miller of Los
Angeles deserted Barnes and went to
Burns. No other changes were record
ed An hour before Miller left the
Barnes camp it was known to Senator
Bulla and Assemblyman Valentine that
he was going and they endeavored to
prevent the change, not that they
feared the result, but they sincerely
desired 'hat Miller should not cloud .lis
future by such a step.
It was frequently mentioned this
evening as a significant fact that the
three staked-out Burns men were
drawn from three separate camps.
Cosper me from Scott's camp. Mar
vin from Grant's and Miller from the
camp of General Barnes. ,„_.«.„
Several efforts were made during the
afternoon to reconsider the Cutter res
olution but the Grant men were on
the alert and the Democrats were vigi
lant At the conclusion of the thir
teenth ballot points of order were
raised. Dibble raised the point that
.he adjournment of the joint conven
tion sine die could not be fixed by res
oltUion-asa Federal statute governed
.ne proceedings. Senator Flint Vo pre
siding, sustained Dibble in so far as
the resolution applied to,sine die : ad
journment, but when the final defeat
of the motion to rescind the resolution
was announced he declared the Joint
convention adjourned on the approval
of the Journal of its proceedings.
During the session of six hours, from
noon until 6 o'clock, the air of the con
vention was filled with ugly rumors of
the use and the promise or money to in
fluence the course of legislators. The
Burns followers were thick on the floor
and in the lobby of the Assembly
chamber. They raised a great uproar
in lieu of applause when Cosper and
"Marvin entered the corral. When Mr.
Miller of Los Angeles changed from
General Barnes to Burns there was a
tumultuous uproar. The noise did not
alarm any one as no signs of a stam
pede were observed. Men reflected
what a night session would be if legis
lators were in joint convention voting
■for a Senator. The thoughts of many
reverted to Moses when the lights went
The Senatorial candidates to-night
have but little to say. General Barnes
said he was glad the contest was over
and that he was satisfied with the re
sult. U. S. Grant had nothing to say
on the subject beyond remarking that
he would not be called upon to wear
the Senatorial toga. Irving M. Scott
went out of the fight with four votes,
two more than he had when he went
in. General Barnes had eighteen sup
porters when the last ballot was taken.
A new element of danger was sus
pected to-night when Dibble's resolu
tion was adopted to extend the Legis
lative session until 11 a. m. to-morrow.
Assurance was given to the Assembly
that no effort would be made to take
another ballot for Senator. When Dib
ble gave that assurance Caminettl
asked if he spoke for the Republican
majority, and the Republicans were
appealed to if any one questioned Dib- '
ble's right to speak for the majority. I
- " . *\>-
The San Francisco Call.
There was no dissent, and all the mem
bers accepted the assurance. It is the
judgment almost unanimous of the
Legislature that not another ballot will
be taken for Senator.
Dibble says he asked Colonel Burns
if the fight was finished, and the lat
ter remarked: "Absolutely finished."
G. 0. P.: "AND NOW WILL YOU BE GOOD?"
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, IS99— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
LEGISLATORS READY
TO BLOCK A TRICK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, March 18.— There is much
comment here to-night over the action of the Legislature in prolonging,
by joint resolution, the session until 11 o'clock to-morrow morning. It is
asserted by some that this action will necessitate the taking of an
other ballot for Senator. The constitution provides that the joint as
sembly shall meet at noon on each legislative day and take at least one
ballot for United States Senator. To-morrow having been made a legis
lative day by virtue of the joint resolution adopted this evening, it be
comes a question as to whether or not it will not be necessary to comply
with the constitution in spite of the fact that final adjournment has
been fixed for a time one hour prior to the noon hour. If this desire
to extend the time of final adjournment proves to be a trick on the
part of the Burns men to secure for themselves another opportunity to
ballot for Senator, it is not likely that the honest men in the Legis
lature will permit the promoters of the scheme to reap a profit
from their sharp practice.
Dibble asked if he could assure the
Assembly that no more ballotir/g would
ensue if the session was extended un
til 11 a. m. to-morrow, if he could
pledge his word of honor to that ef
fect. Burns replied that he could, so
far as his men were concerned.
There are some members who have
an apprehension that something not
anticipated may happen to-morrow. ;
Senator Davis is confident ; that not
another ballot will be taken, and he |
says to-night that he does not know of
a single Senator who believes that an
other ballot will be taken. Speaker An
derson declares that he will declare the
Assembly adjourned sine die at 11 a. m.
to-morrow.
The point is discussed to-night
whether the way will not be opened
for the* Governor to make an appoint
ment of United States Senator that
will be recognized as valid if the
Legislature fails to ballot to-morrow.
The contention is advanced that the
\ Legislature, failing to ballot, would
fail to obey the Federal statute, and
therefore the Governor could ap
| point.
TIME EXTENDED FOR
FINAL ADJOURNMENT
FOR ELEVEN HOURS
Like Drowning Men the Burns Con
tingent Grasps at Straws.
Dibble Gives Personal Promise That No Fur
ther Extension of Grace Will Be Asked
When the Period Specified Elapses.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 18. "The Senatorial
contest of this session is over. For
myself, I will promise that when 11
o'clock comes to-morrow morning I
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
1 shall not consent to any further ex
tension of time."
Mr. Dibble was speaking to a resolu
i tion he introduced when this evening's
session began, overriding Belshaw's
resolution fixing 12 o'clock to-night a3
the hour of adjournment side die, and
fixing 11 o'clock a. m. to-morrow as
the hour. \-
Incidentally Mr. Dibble was also an
swering some rather pointed questions
asked of him by Mr. "Works of San
Diego and . Mr. Caminetti of Amador
and the minority.
It was precisely the resolution that
the opposition to Burns expected would
be sprung when the Mexican's beaten
forces went downcast out of the As
sembly chamber this afternoon.
President pro tern. Flint ruled this
afternoon that should the Legislature
extend over another legislative day the
adjournment sine die of the joint ballot
would be annulled. The yell of triumph
that went up from the Burns gang
when the decision was announced was
evidence enough that the next play
would be a fight for extension.
Dibble began to-night's proceedings
with the expected resolution. It read
as follows:
"Assembly Concurrent Resolution No.
Resolved, By the Assembly, the Sen
ate concurring, that the time for ad
journment sine die by this Legislature
be extended until Sunday, March 19,
1899, at 11 o'clock a. m."
It was adopted by a vote of 41 to 20.
In offering his resolution Mr. Dibble
said that it was for the one sole pur
pose of passing fifty-eight Senate bills
remaining on the Assembly file, some
of which were of importance and should
become laws. He argued that to-night
there would not be time to complete the
work, but that there would be if his
resolution were adopted.
Mr. Works attempted to get recogni
tion but Mr. Conrey came up with a
point of order. He suggested that the
new resolution could not be considered
until the vote by which the original
resolution was passed had been recon
sidered.
Speaker Anderson declared the point
not well taken and then Mr. Works got
pertinent. He remarked that he real
ized the necessity of more time for the
reconsideration of bills but did not see
the necessity of further balloting upon
the Senatorial question. "We have
amply demonstrated this afternoon,"
said he, "that we ' can elect no man
Senator. I will support this resolution
upon the understanding with the gen
tleman from San Francisco that when
11 o'clock comes to-morrow we shall
adjourn and that no attempt shall be
made to get an extension beyond that
hour."
The "gentleman from San Francisco"
vouchsafed no such promise, and Val
entine of Los Angeles got up to demand
another reading of the resolution.
Then Mr. Caminetti took a hand. "I
will support this resolution," said he,
"If the leaders of the Republicans will
give us assurance that when the hour
comes we shall adjourn. I think It
right that if the majority will not agree
to this its representatives say so now.".
"I will say. as I have said before,"
said Mr. Dibble, "that the Senatorial
contest of this session is over. For
myself, I will promise that when 11
o'clock comes to-morrow morning I
shall not consent to any further ex
tension of time."
"Do you speak for yourself alone or
for the Republican majority?" pointedly
asked Caminetti.
"I think." retorted Dibble, "that by
this time I have the right to speak for
the Republicans of this House."
It was an equivocal answer, and it
was significant that not one in the
House save Dibble concurred in his own
agreement.
It apparently was satisfactory to the
opposition, arid by the subsequent vote
the Assembly decided to take the
chance. The resolution was at once
sent to the Senate.
The resolution caused some debate
in the Assembly, but when it came to
the Senate all the bitterness of beaten
ambition was called up and it lent to
the words of the speakers a venom that
was startling. "Coward,* "hireling,"
"tool," every term to express political
slavery and degradation, was turned
back and forth across the chamber,
regardless of the president's active
gavel and the sergeants at arms, and
the ceiling shook with the shouts and
yells of the rooters and heelers and
touts, who were there to whoop for
every trick the Burns faction turned.
And it even got so far as a hiss—
distinct hiss— when, after a volcanic
speech by Shortridge, Davis, white with
anger and his eyes a-glitter, rose to
reply to some of the epithets which had
been applied to him. _/_•'■'_■.
Points of order, questions, objections,
every dodge known to the skilled par
liamentarian, were heaped one upon
the other to keep the Amador man from2
THE FINAL BALLOT
FOR A SENATOR
♦ .:*-*.. _.'-'-/ + I
O CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, March 18.— Following is ©
+ the vote on the final ballot for United States Senator: +
__ BARNES (R.) 18 +
ft ESTEE (R.) • •' 17 0
+ BURNS (R.) ' 30 A
0 GRANT (R.) 30 2
+ SCOTT (R.) •'•••• 4 Q
§ ■^^^^7:::::::y::::::::y:::::yyyyyyy:. 4 %
X 'DE VKIES ID.) -' 1 0
$ PHFL\.N (D ) 6 __
6 WHITE (D.) "-*. • 24 §
X ROSENFEIJD (D.) 2 $
£+O+Q+Q+o+Q + o+o + o+O+o+O+o'O+V+o+o+o+o+o+Q+Q + O+O+m
spitting the verbal poison which was
stinging his lips, and it was only to a ,
.question of personal privilege allowed
when to deny it would have been the
height of injustice, that Davis flna.lj
Sad his say. It will be long before the
Senate walls will again echo such an
3. d dross. _
The resolution came before the Sen
ate as an Assembly message. On mo
tion' of Dickinson It was taken up un
der a motion to suspend the rules and
adopt the measure at once. It pro
vided that the Legislature when it ad
journed to-night should do so only un
til to-morrow, and that it should ad- >
journ sine die at 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning. ,
Instantly a trio of Senators rose and .
claimed the floor, and Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neff, who was presiding, recog- j
nized Wolfe. ■ . •-* v.; y- ; 7-' yy
■ Wolfe had a substitute which pro- |
vided that the hour of the final ad- j
journment of the Legislature should be
at noon on Wednesday, March 22, ail
resolutions in conflict notwithstanding.
It was the claw in the paw and it
needed no words from Wolfe to show I
the sharpness of it. Wolfe opined that
there was something important to be
considered or such a resolution as had ;
come from the Assembly would never
have passed that body, and he thought
this was something of sufficient impor
tance to carry the session on for two
or three days longer. And then the
Burns faith and honor and capacity for
fairness and open dealing was paraded
before the Senate and the crowds which
thronged its lobbies.
Despite the action of the joint As- |
sembly and the repeated votes, which
with sledge-hammer force drove home
the fact that the power of Burns was
a punctured bubble, Wolfe went on to
declare that it was for the taking of
further joint ballots that he wanted the
extra time. It was such a narrow vote
that had defeated them, he said, and he
thought it was "but fair." t was their
duty, he said, they owed to "their party,
and he asked that his substitute be
adopted.
Simpson added his word to Wolfe's,
and then Dickinson made an explana
tion of the measure.
Dickinson explained that the resolu
tion was for the purpose of allowing
consideration of bills and was not for
the purpose of another joint ballot. The
Senatorial question did not enter into
the matter at all. It was for the pur
pose of transacting business, he said,
and for no other purpose. So far as he
was concerned, he said, the Senatorial
question had ended to-day. His re
marks were directed entirely to the
resolution as it came from the Assem
bly. He then went on to say that there
would be no request for an extension
of the time and he called upon any one
who would move for an extension of the
time, and none arising he declared the
Senators pledged on their honor to
make no such demand.
Davis referred to the pledge and said
if it was understood it was upon the
honor of the Senators that no one i
would rise to-morrow and ask to ex
tend the time beyond the true 11 o'clock
without putting the clock back, he was
willing to entertain the resolution. He
also asked a pledge from the Senate j
and no one rose to say he would move
to have the time extended.
Shortridge took up the discussion at
this point and grew eloquent over the
spectacle which he conjured up for
himself of the Republican party
"bound hand and foot and in its cof
fin."
So long as the Senator from the
mountain tops had a few paltry bills,
he said, he was willing to bury his j
party by 11 o'clock in the morning.
He referred to his efforts to secure
a caucus, to get the Republicans to
gether and select some one to repre
sent the State and to the refusal of
the other factions to follow his exam
ple. He referred in slighting terms to
Davis and to the position he said Da
vis had assumed, for he insinuated that
Davis had affiliated himself with the i
Democrats and the enemies of Burns, j
to betray the Republican party. He |
spoke of cowards who feared to go into
a caucus, and of traitors who would be
tray, to everything a politician thinks
is bad and calculated to injure an en
emy. :;'
Davis demanded the floor as Short
ridge ceased. Bettman raised the point
of order that Davis had spoken once on
the question and could not speak again.
The point was declared well taken.
Then Davis demanded a question of
personal privilege and Leavitt raised
another point to the effect that such a
question was only in order after the
vote, and Davis was silenced until after
the question and could not speak again.
Smith favored the resolution, not the
substitute, but he objected to binding
himself with a pledge. He said he
would do as he saw fit, and if all the
candidates now running for the United
States Senate would withdraw he
would be willing to continue the
session, but with the present candidates
In the field was sure further balloting
would be useless.
Davis again demanded the floor, and
after sweeping aside several points of
order, he was allowed to speak to a
question of personal privilege. He took
up the charge of cowardice first and
compared himself and his colleagues
voting in the open to the men who
could not change their vote on a mo
tion to take up a bill until a messenger
had come up the aisle and whispered in
their ears; who, when they* wanted to
speak and were told to sit down, would
sit down without question. No man, he
said, could intimidate or buy or cajole
him. VM/*
"I have been grossly insulted." he
cried. "It ill becomes any one to say
to me or to those who have remained
loyal to such men as we have voted
for that we are 'cowards' and 'trim
mers.' We cannot.be put in the posi
tion where any one can say the railroad
had crammed. Dan Burns down our
throats. . If we go back to our homes
without a Senator we can say that
Grant and Barnes and Scott have kept
the State from having a man whom the
State said she would not have. I have .
nothing to say of the personal charac
ter of D. M. Burns, but he is not the
choice of the people of this State, but
the Senators know we can all go home
and say to the Republican party that
we have done our duty honorably and
honestly, unbought, uncajoled and un
lntimidated."
For twenty minutes he poured a tor
rent of verbal vitriol over -the Burns
camp and sat down only when his voice
began to fail.
Boyce took the floor with another
roast for the plan to hold over, de
nouncing it as a subterfuge to evade
the first resolution passed in good faith
last week. , ..-" ' _ *_
Then Senator Morehouse got a hold.
He agreed to the Assembly resolution
and to the pledge referred to by Davis,
SSfhe did not want Wolfe's substitute.
He believed that if they adopted the
resolution it should be done without
injecting the Senatorial question into
thai of adjournment, v....;
Wolfe explained in answer to the
criticisms on his substitute that he in
troduced it at the order of no man.
He did it, he said, because he believed
the Republicans should use every ef
fort to elect a Senator. He said it was
not long since Burns was recognized as
the head of the Republican party in
this State, and he would still be the
Jeader had it not been for the. press.
Wolfe then referred to his attitude re
garding the other candidates, and he
begged that the followers of Burns
would not be charged with being driven
because of their loyalty to the man of
their choice.
He said he knew his substitute would
be beaten because the Senator from
Amador had the solid Democratic vote
of the Senate at his back. He said ln
couclusic-n that he would withdraw
the substitute, and when he did so the
Senatorial contest was over for him.
"Boyce wanted a question of personal
privilege to say he had never looked
upon Burns as the head of the Repub
lican party in California and he was al
lowed to speak, despite several points
of order raised to stop him. Boyce said
Burns had never been the leader and
had he been so he would have been Sen
ator to-day. He was deposed by his
own acts and methods.
Then Dickinson moved for a call of
the roll and the Assembly resolution
was adopted by this vote:
Ayes: Ashe, Bettman, Boyce, Braun
hart, Bulla, Burnett, Chapman, Currier,
Curtin. Cutter, Davis, Dickinson. Doty,
Dwyer, Flint. Gillette, Goad, Laird, La
Rue. Leavitt. Luchsinger, Maggard,
Morehouse, Prisk. Rowell, Shortridge,
Simpson, Sims, Smith, Stratton, Tay
lor. Trout. Wolfe— 33.
Noes: None.
Absent: Feeney, Hall, Hoey, Jones,
Langford. Nutt, Pace — 7.
It Is on the honor of the Legislature.
BIG EXPOSITION
GETS A QUARTER
OF A MILLION
The Assembly Concurred in the
Senate Amendment and
Passed the Bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- i
MENTO, March To-night the Assem- :
bly concurred in the amendment added by J
the Senate to the Pacific and Interna
tional Exposition bill. The amendment |
cuts the appropriation rom $500,000 to $250,- j
000, but considering hard times and scant '
rains, the committee so earnestly engaged '
in working the gigantic scheme up de- j
clares itself highly satisfied. Charles L.
Patton and others who are up here with
him on the proposition are confident that
as amended the bill will be signed by the j
Governor.
Among other measures that were taken !
up and passed was Senator Dickinson's
military bill providing for the partial re
organization of the National Guard. It
was passed with nothing in the way of
opposition, yyy
Only an hour or so of the morning was j
given over to routine work, and that hour ;
was pleasantly interrupted by the eccen
tric caperings of W. C. Coward, an ex-
San Francisco real estate operator.
Coward came into the chamber and
took a seat near Grove L. Johnson. Grove
trembled . and reached for his boot, but '
didn't find what he was after. * Then ..e I
lumped to his feet and frantically de- >
manded from the Speaker protection from \
the man at his side.
In tear-dewed tremulous tones he ex- i
plained that Coward had been sending
threatening messages to members of the
Assembly for some days past; that he
was crazy and dangerous when he had his :
fits.
Coward sprang to his feet and opened
a wild harangue that rivaled the best
efforts of Assemblyman Kenneally when ,
inaction. * ' . % -r: x
Speaker- Anderson tried to quiet him
with the racket of his gavel, but Coward
would not down until Assistant Sergeant j
at Arms Kofod took him in tow and led ;
him fighting and sputtering from the :
floor. When Mr. Johnson came in this ]
evening his boot was properly fixed.
Among the bills passed during the day j
were the following:
Dickinson's amendment to the codes regard- ]
ing the National Guard, Senate substitute for ;
Assembly bill 728, appropriating money to pay
the expenses of assisting ln the maintenance |
of an exposition to be held in the city and '
county of San Francisco in 1901, to be known !
as the Pacific Ocean and International Expo- j
sition, and to provide commissioners therefor.
Senate bill 28*. Davis— appropriate money
for the purchase of tools and books for the ]
use of the Preston School of Industry.
Senate bill 700. La Rue— apz'fopriate $1120 j
to pay the unpaid salary of the late Dennis
Spencer as attorney for the State Board of •
Health and' the Board of Health of the city
and county of San Francisco from July 15,.
1895, until and Including November 30, 1895.
Senate bill 735, Curtin— To amend an .act en
titled "An act to establish a uniform system
of county and township governments." ap
proved April 1. 1857, -by. amending sections 191,
197. 198 and 207 thereof. •
Senate bill 625, Bulla— act to appropriate
the sum of $21 50 to pay the claim of M. G.
Barrett.
An act to * appropriate the sum of $81 18 to
pay the claim of C. A. Williams.
Senate bill 624. Bulla— An act to appropriate
the sum of $200 to pay the claim of Scott Cal
houn. ;..-".
Senate bill 622, Bulla— act making an ap
propriation to pay the contingent expenses of
the commission for the revision and reform of
the laws for the forty-eighth, forty-ninth and
fiftieth fiscal years. . •._ ;
Senate bill 271, Boyce— Making an appropria
tion to pay the claim of Clement Bennett.
Senate bill 402, Rowell— Authorizing the Su
perintendent of Public Instruction to refurnish I
his offlce. '■ '.'.
Senate bill 712, Bulla— To appropriate the sum !
of $1150 50 to pay the claim of Bancroft. Whit- j
ney & Co.
Senate bill 748, Dickinson— Making an appro
priation to repair the roof gutters and con
ductors on the State Capitol building.
Senate bill 734. Dickinson-Making an appro
priation to pay the deficiency in the adult
blind fund. _
Senate bill 325, Stratton— To provide for the
erection of buildings and certain improvements
for the University of California and its affili
ated colleges. ■ ..' .
Senate bill 207, Sims— provide for the
erection and equipment of a combined laun
dry, electric lighting, steam heating and pow
er plant at the California Home for the care
and training of feeble-minded children.
APPOINTMENTS OF NEW
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 18.— Governor sent to
the Senate for confirmation, to-night his
appointment of Paris Kilburn as Harbor
Commissioner, vice E. R. Colnon, term
expired, and S. Chadbourne to succeeed
Rudolph Herold, who, he stated, had not
qualified. Kilburn's appointment was
confirmed at once, but not so with that of
Chadbourne. The Democrats wanted to
know in what way' Herold had not quali
fied, and on their objection the appoint
ment was passed until to-morrow to allow
the Democrats to confer on the matter.
It is said that Herold has hot con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
formed to all the technicalities of qualifi
cations. . .■* yy ■".-.-. ' _"y
The Governor's appointments of i. AS.
Pratt. W. G. Leale and R. S. Alexander
as Pilot Commissioners for the port of
San Francisco were confirmed.
Senate bill 733, an act to appropriate
$2200 for the pay of the officers and clerks
of the Senate, has been approved by the
Governor.
SENATE TRIED TO DO
A BIG DAY'S WORK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March IS.— The Senate started
out this morning with every intention of
doing a big day's work, and one of the
first steps toward such an end was More
house's half-forgotten resolution refusing
the privileges of the floor to any but
legislators, their personally invited
friends and the representatives of the
press. The resolution was adopted and
the floor was partially cleared of visitors,
but that did not help matters particularly
so far as order was concerned, for Sen
ators were running over the floor all the
morning trading for" votes in the interest
of their own measures.
Rickard's Assembly bill relating to box
ing contests was passed. The bill is to
prohibit boxing contests except those for
a limited number of rounds which are
held under the auspices of some regular
ly incorporated club, which must pay a
yearly license for the privilege of holding
such exhibitions. The bill further pro-
vides that the clubs must have a physi
cian in attendance at every ring contest.
Assemblyman Mead's bill, making the
expense of giving a bond by administrat
ors, executors, trustees, receivers and as
signees an expense payable as an expense
of administration, was lost after much
more discussion than the time warranted.
Further time was consumed in a motion
to suspend the rules and reconsider the
losing vote, but this, too, failed.
In the evening, when the Senators came
back from the joint ballot, the tax levy
Assembly bill 1015— was taken up un
der an urgency resolution introduced by
Stratton, was read the second and third
times and passed, and all within ten min
utes. When the Senate convened in the
evening matters legislative were at fever
heat, and as soon as the Senate was
called to ! order Senator Curtin opened
matters by asking leave to introduce an
urgency resolution under which he could
put through a measure as corrected sub
stitute for his bill relating to the salaries
of Superior Judges in Tuolumne County, a
bill which the Governor vetoed last night
for an error in the title. Leavitt was mad
over something and refused to allow
unanimous consent, so the bill was put
through on rollcall.
It was difficult to start proceedings, for
as the Senatorial fight was considered
practically over the Senators did not feel
called upon to show that overflow of cour
tesy which has been their wont. Besides,
it had been a hard afternoon and the leg
islators were tired and irritable.
They were in that state when the free ,
market bill bobbed up under Assembly
messages as blithely as if it had never
been amended to pieces twice and had
been gathered together again when every
one thought it should finally stay dead.
This time, however, it found its finish, for
the Senate refused to concur in the
amendment the Assembly had tacked on
to it, and so the bill ended its race. Dur
ing the discussion Senator Stratton took
occasion to say that the claim that the
bill was hi the interest of the farmers was
a fake, -or of 1500 letters sent out over
the State to ascertain the feeling regard
ing the establishment of a free market on
the water front of San Francisco but
eleven answers favoring it were received.
He asked, too, how long was it since
Kelly, Rainey and Wright of the railroad
started to work for the farmers. He
said the bill was a railroad measure and
predicted the defeat that overtook it.
THE SESSION CLOSED .
IN A LOVE FEAST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 18.— The valedictory to
this the thirty-third session of the Legis
lature was said . in the Assembly this
evening.
The bills, the politics, the fights and
all the things that go .to render each suc
ceeding session more famous than the
last were all cast up i and to the Speaker
and the leaders on the floor was paid
great tribute.
To Speaker Anderson was presented as
handsome a silver service as money could
purchase. Mr. Works made the presenta
tion speech; to Judge Dibble and , his
splendid executive ability as leader and
legislator the encomiums of all the mem
bers on the floor of no matter what creed
were directed; to Grove L. Johnson was
the same meed of friendship and praise.
Major Kyle, chief clerk, and all of the
officers of the Assembly, not forgetting
Sergeant at Arms William Banks, were
presented with appropriate tokens of the
esteem in which they are held. There was
some: mighty spellbinding and good fel
lowship ran riot all through the chamber.
It was the usual close to the biennial ses
sftm.
EX-SENATOR WHITE ON
POLITICAL CONDITIONS
LOS ANGELES, March 18.— Ex-Senator
Stephen M. White, guest of the Mer
chants* and Manufacturers' Association,
in an address to business men, advised
them to take more Interest in politics, and
said that it was necessary from a personal
as well as patriotic standpoint. Continu
ing, Mr. White said:
"I have always thought if I lived in a
California community from which a good,
intelligent, active man had been sent to
Congress. I would rather vote for his re
election than for any new man, no mat
ter what was his politics."
He spoke of the necessity of placing in
the Senate men who have at heart the
good of the people they represent, and
keeping them there long enough that they
may learn how Senatorial business is
done to accomplish the best results.
"Look at the situation in California.",
he said. "The chances are that we will
not have a Senator to succeed myself. . I
can say I would rather have Perkins
alone than Perkins with some one who
might be elected. I am convinced that
the people favor the election of Senators
by popular vote, and I believe this senti
ment is growing in Congress. This may
in time remedy some of the difficulties we
are now experiencing. To-day California
stands with less chance of influencing
Congress, with less weight in national af
fairs, than ever before. I do not say this
in any spirit of reflection on the present
delegation, but from . the fact that new
men are to take the places of those who
have learned their business." yyy.iy-
BOLD BURGLARS AT WORK.
Operate on Van Ness Avenue Under
the Eyes of the Police.
Further evidence that two young thieves
are plying their calling in the vicinity of
the City Hall was brought to the atten
tion of the police last night. A member
of the firm of Zeh & Schetter, druggists
at 327 Van Ness avenue, reported that
their window had been cut by thieves. He
stated the burglars were evidently scared
off before they could secure anything.
The police have been diligently search
ing for the men, but have not succeeded
in landing them behind prison bars.
DEATH OF MBS. COOK.
The Wife of the Superior Judge Sue-
cumbs to Illness.
The wife of Judge Carroll Cook died
early yesterday morning at the California
Woman's Hospital, on Sacramento street,
after an illness of about three weeks.
She was the daughter of the late W. W.
Stow. ; Besides the widower, two daugh
ters are left to mourn her loss. The
funeral will be held at 2 p. m. to-morrow
from the family residence. 2601 Broad
way, and the Interment will be private.
__ « ♦ ■ — — "'
Death of Thomas Donahue.
Thomas Donahue, the youngest brother
of the late Peter Donahue, died yesterday
at his residence, 115 Grove street,; in this
city. He came to this State with his
brother Peter in 1852, and was associated
with him. In the management of the Union
Iron Works and of the building of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad.
Decedent was In charge of the old Omni
bus Street Railway in this city for many
years. He was about 70 years of age at
the time of his death. -. .
The remains will be buried in the Dona
hue vault at Calvary Cemetery. The fu
neral will take place Monday morning at
9:30 o'clock. ' ;
FOR SIX LONG HOURS
THE BATTLE RAGED
IN JOINT ASSEMBLY
Every. Influence Brought to Bear by Burns,
but Without Avail.
.--. '-rv- ■ ■'■- -...;■-.---•:■-' -.-.-■- *™ ■-...,..,
HIS FULL STRENGTH FINALLY EXPOSED
Thirty Votes Were All That Went to the Mexican Despite
the Many Boasts and Hard Work of the Touts
of the Candelarian.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 18.— Every available
foot of space on the main floor and In
the gallery of the Assembly chamber
was occupied this morning long before
the hour set for the joint session of the
Legislature. It was for the wind-up in
the Senatorial fight, and the struggle
for a place of vantage from which to
view the proceedings gave evidence of
the interest the long-drawn-out con
test has excited in the public mind.
The routine proceedings of the As
sembly were so badly hampered by the
rush for seats within the chamber that
it became necessary to adopt a resolu
tion to exclude all persons except mem
bers from the floor for the time being.
This order became a dead letter almost
as soon as it was made, and those who
wished to expedite the business of leg
islation were forced to accept the situa
tion and do the best they could.
When, at last, the noon hour arrived,
the chamber and gallery were packed
to suffocation, and over all there was
an air of expectancy that spoke vol- '
umes for what the events of the next
few hours might be expected to bring
forth. The reading of the min
utes of yesterday was pro
ceeded with in the ordinary way,
and when it was concluded the secre
taries at the desk were ordered to call
the roll on the vote for Senator. At
this there was a general stir and cran
ing of necks, a fact which went far to
prove that the confident assertions of
the Burns followers that they had the j
fight won and all that was necessary i
for them to do was to call in their
votes had had its effect on those not
familiar with the situation. y'-:y
If a wholesale landslide from one
candidate to another was expected, the
onlookers were badly disappointed, for
the first ballot showed not the change
of a single vote, and the second and
third were no different. Then the
Burns men showed their hands. As
semblyman Dibble, who is the recog
nized leader of the Burns forces on the
floor of the joint Assembly, offered-, a
resolution providing for a recess until
4 o'clock in the afternoon and moved
that it be adopted.
Before the motion was fairly j
launched Senator Boyce was on his
feet demanding recognition from the I
chair. When he got it he proceeded to i
present the views of the Grant forces |
in a way that was forcible and <at the j
same time extremely uncomplimentary j
to the Burns following.
"The time has come," said he, "for |
every member of this Legislature to
step forward and show his manhood in
the broad light of the. day that God
has given us. The manhood that has
resisted every attempt at corruption
that has been made during the past
months cannot falter at this, the
eleventh hour. Therefore I believe that
those who have the power to utter their
belief as to the questions that now con
front us can and should do so now. I
believe that these men will not agree *-
a recess that will give to those who
have before sought to corrupt the hon
est men of this body the opportunity
for which they seek— the opportunity to
take legislators Into dark corners and
there seek to so Influence them that
they will do something that will defeat
the will of the people."
Dibble got up to defend his resolution
and In reply to Boyce said:
"I have no reply to make to such a
speech.- I have reasons to urge in my
support of my resolution, and one of
them is that a United States Senator
should be elected and we should do
everything within our power to bring
about such an election. There seems to
have been a crystallization of the oppo
sition in this Senatorial contest. I hope
and believe that the followers of each
of the candidates are casting their
votes as they do because they believe
it Is their loyal duty to do so. None
of us are going to leave our candidates
without their consent. Let us then take
a recess and thus give to our'candi
dates an opportunity to get together
and decide among themselves as to who
should be the successful one. Give
them a chance." *
Considering the poor material upon
which he had to base an argument,
Dibble's effort was a good one. Sena
tor Leavitt thought so at least, for he
moved the previous question in order
to shut off debate and bring the ques
tion to a vote, while Dibble's sophistry
was still undigested. The roll was
called and the resolution failed of
adoption by a vote of 56 ayes to 62 noes.
This was defeat No. 1 for the Burns
following. The Grant people voted al
most solidly against the resolution and
they were aided materially by a few
scattering votes from the Barnes
forces. The Democratic members voted
solidly against the. resolution.
Another ballot was taken without re
sult, but on the fifth ballot Burns pulled
In two members of his much-boasted
reserve strength. They were Assembly
men Marvin and Cosper. It has been
known these many weeks that Cosper
was a Burns man in disguise. It was
known when he was accused before the
invesigating committee ' with having,
through an agent, solicited a bribe of
$6000 from U. S. Grant, the statement
being made that he had received an of
fer of a like amount if he would vote
for Burns. Marvin has been promised
the position of superintendent of Ag
news 'Asylum if he would vote for
Burns for Senator.
The Burns claquers in all parts of
the chamber set up a great cheer when
Marvin changed from Barnes to Burns
and when Cosper changed from Scott
to Burns. The cheers had little effect
on the forces . of the ' other candidates.
Before the end of the rollcall was
reached Meserve of San Diego, A Dem
ocrat, voted for Grant and brought
that' candidate's total number of votes
up to thirty again. ,*
Having made the show of gaining
two , votes, Dibble took advantage of
the situation to again bring forth his
resolution for a recess. Before any ac
tion could be taken on it Senator Cut
ter offered a substitute resolution
which provided that the joint Assembly
should proceed to take ten more bal
lots, and if at the end of the tenth bal
lot no Senator had been elected the
joint Assembly should then stand ad
journed sine die.
This brought Senator Davis to his
feet. He said he was opposed to both
the substitute and the original motion.
He did not want the balloting limited
to ten ballots, and he did not believe
it was the proper time to ask for a re
cess at the very time when the change
of several votes indicated that the se
lection of a Senator was possible.
Acting on this suggestion. Cutter
withdrew his substitute, and Dibble,
seeing that his recess resolution was
doomed to defeat, very wisely asked
leave to withdraw it. .-'■:
Two more ballots were taken without
any additional changes being recorded,
# and then Senator Stratton offered a
resolution providing for the taking of
a recess until 7:30 o'clock this evening.
Cutter was on hand with another sub
stutute. This one provided for the tak
ing of twelve more ballots, and If, after
the twelfth ballot had been announced,
it was ' found that no Senator had
been chosen, the joint convention should
adjourn sine die.
Senator Smith voiced his own senti
ments and not those of the Grant men
when he announced that he was in fa
vor of defeating the substitute and
adopting the resolution providing for
a recess.
McDonald of Alameda stated in a
j manner that left no room for doubt as
I to his sincerity that he was in favor of
| the substitute. "We all have our minds
j made up," he said, "and if we are hon-
e st we will fight it out here and now."
The question was finally put to a vote
and the substitute was adopted by a
vote of 61 ayes to 57 noes. This was
the final turning point in the battle.
The vote made it apparent even to
those who would not see that Burns
I was a defeated candidate, and that he
| was not to be allowed the opportunity
to corrupt members during a recess.
This having been decided, the joint
I assembly settled down to the business
of balloting. On the second ballot of
j the series of twelve provided for by the
resolution, Muenter of San Joaquin
I changed from Barnes to Van R. Pater
-1 son. On- the third- Taylor of Alameda
1 changed from Barnes to Paterson, and
I on the fourth La Baree changed from
Barnes to Paterson. These changes
created but little stir, as it seemed to
be generally recognized that Paterson
was not even a dangerous possibility.
Burns fired his last gun during the
tenth ballot of the series. Miller of Los
Angeles was induced to vote for Burns,
and when his vote was announced his
clacquers set up another howl of ap
plause. This was the last change of
the day and left the two leading candi
dates Burns and Grant, with thirty
votes apiece.
After the twelfth ballot had been
taken President Flint ordered the min
utes of the joint assembly read in order
that they might be approved prior to
adjournment sine die.
When this had been done Dibble
raised the point of order that the joint
assembly could not adjourn sine die
for the reason that the Legislature had
not yet adjourned, and the constitu
tion provides that a ballot must be
taken on every day the Legislature is
in session. Speaker Anderson ruled the
point of order well taken, and the
Burns met set up another howl of de
light. Their joy . was destined to be
short lived, for the Speaker immediate
ly ruled that the joint assembly stood
adjourned sine die, unless the Legisla
ture remained in session another day.
He then announced that the joint as
sembly stood adjourned.
In all nineteen ballots were taken
during the afternoon, the joint assem
bly being constantly in session from
noon till 5:30 o'clock. During the bal
loting friends and supporters of Burns
were busy among the members, and
rumors of offers of money for votes
were flying from mouth to mouth.
Several members were taken to room
40 in the Capitol, which is used by
Burns as headquarters. What trans
pired there is known only to Burns and
those who visited him.
IS BARRED FROM
SEEING HIS FRIENDS
TOM WAUCUM ARRESTED AND
LODGED IN THE TANKS.
Was Discharged From the Palace Ho
tel and His Suddenly' Acquired
- Wealth Arouses Suspicion.
Tom Waucum, formerly a bellboy in the
Palace Hotel, was arrested last evening
by Policeman Baxter, and now occupies
a berth in the "tanks," pending an inves
tigation of his conduct during the past
week. He was removed from Stockton and
Market streets by the policeman, and
without an opportunity to" notify friends
of his 'incarceration he was lodged among
other men who are under ' suspicion of
having committed crime.
Waucum was a victim of his own lack
of wisdom. Earlier in the evening he
flashed a wallet containing a large num
ber of greenbacks among his friends and
enemies, and the latter having heard that
he was discharged from the Palace for
stealing, informed on him.
Since his discharge from the hotel he
has been on his "uppers." Out of kind
ness to him members of the "Comic" Club
at 850 Market street permitted him to
sleep there. Ho abused their kindness by
inviting a number of boon companions to
the place, and between, them they con
sumed all the liquor in the club. Last
night he repaired his breach of hospitality
by paying the club for the liquids im
bibed by himself and companions. A few
hours later he was placed in custody and
will remain secluded until the police in
vestigation is completed.
Benefit to Colburn.
A benefit entertainment was tendered to
Frank S. Colburn, globe trotter, humorist
and living image of the popular carica
tures, of "Uncle Sam," in Native Sons'
Hall last night. The programme was as
follows: Overture. Hynes' orchestra;
barytone solo, . William Fenstermacher;
soprano solo. Miss Sadie Johnson, imper
sonations of eminent actors Ed* in Bur
rows; up-to-date Specialty. Maude
Still- barytone solo, Fred W. Foley, soio,
Frankl Colburn transformation dances.
Egbert sisters. The entertainment con
cluded with a competitive drill by volun
teer soldiers and a dance.
SPOUT AT UNION PARK.
An Immense Crowd Witnesses the
Coursing— The Winners and
Losers.
Because of the fact that there was no
coursing held at Ingleside Par f yesterday
the usual Saturday crowd at Union Park
was augmented by several -hundred
sportsmen, who caused the betting to be
particularly lively. The coursing *as
good, considering that at this season of
The year the hares are not m running
condition, and the increase in so" food
has also had Its bad effect upon the shor.
tails. _.--,
Slipper Wren did not put in an appear
ance at his stand "and Charley Griswoia
was selected to do the slipping. His wor*
gave general satisfaction. He will handle
the leash to-day also. .
The race that excited the greatest in
terest was between Mercy May and Lmin
Pasha The betting was even money, and
judging from the way the dollars ,POure<i
into the pool boxes one thousand maw
mas" must have been wagered on the re
sult. AVhen the dogs were slipped Dotn
ran unsighted and were leaping about tne
field looking for game, when suddenly
Emm saw something sneaking catlike
along the upper or southeast fence ot tne
oark and immediately gave chase. Mercy
May followed, but she was handicapped
by at least one hundred yards and did
not catch her opponent until Emm had
scored a turn. Mercy then got in or^ a
turn, driving the hare into Emm's mouth.
The course was not altogether satisfac
tory to the sportsmen who witnessed it.
still the race was judged according to
rule and Emm was declared the winner.
Golden Russett ran like a "flier" yester
day, and should she defeat Theron to
day in the second round the stake will
doubtless be hers. She will meet Jersey
Lily in the first round to-day, and unless
some accident happens her she should
easily win the flag. CApadUra was cer
tainly a sick dog when he entered the
slip, as he made no attempt at running, and
was easily defeated by Christmas Day.
Rusty Gold was defeated by Jennie Wil
son in a short run. Jennie was lucky that
she was slipped to a poor running hare.
The following is how the run-down of the
puppy and open stakes resulted
Puppy stake run-down— R. E. de Lopez's
Santa Ana beat Pasha Kennel's Rod of
Ashe; J. Monkhouse's Graziella beat Milo
Kennel's Miss Richmond; S. Mahoney's
Chief of the Hill beat R. E. de Lopez's
Santa Rita; Pasha Kennel's Rollicking
Airs beat R. E. de Lopez's Santiago;
Hurley & Reilly's Star of Cuba beat R.
E. de Lopez's Santa Inez; Milo Kennel's
Rock Island King beat J. Perlgo's On
ward; B. Wood's Black Night beat George
Ehmann's Handicap; Pasha Kennel's
Run Amuck beat P. Kerwan's Lady Gar
nett; J. Periga's Controller beat J. Monk
house's Black Dot; Milo Kennel's Miss
Rabbit beat Pasha Kennel's Rally Again;
Daley & Sieben's Shylock Boy beat M.
Monach's Golden Rod.
Open stake, result of the run-down-
Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran beat A.
Massey's Lightfoot; Hurley & Riley's O
X Capitol beat Aeneid Kennel's Pre
tender; F. Moran's Snapshot beat Pasha
Kennel's Recent Arrival; J. Seggerson's
Gold Hill beat P. Harney's Lily King; Milo
Kennel's Victor King beat M. London's
Sharkey; Kay & Trant's Christmas Day
beat E. Scully's Capadura; Handy &
Smiths Jennie Wilson beat D. J. Healey's
Rusty Gold: M. London's Magneto beat
Kelly & Foley's Farewell; George Shar
man's ait a AVhile heat Belmont Ken
nel's Belmont Boy; J. Keenan's Royal
Buck beat Rincon Kennel's Flashlight; J.
Mazzini's Beau Peep beat A. Massey's
Hadiwist; T. Gaffney'a Sir John Arnot
beat Rincon Kennel's Wolfe Tone; T. But
ler's Susie beat F. Moran's Bit of Fash
ion: Dailey & Sieben's The Exile beat
Pasha Kennel's Fair Helen; J. J. Ed
mond's Morning Glory beat Handy &
Smith's Dauntless; Handy & Smith's Ida
bet O. J. Olson's Sunburst; Kay & Trant's
Sylvia beat M. Sweeney's Tornado; E.
& R. Scott's Lord Byron beat Milo Ken
nel's Irma; J. Seggerson's Candelaria
beat AY. Creamer's Jesse Moore; Pasha
Kennel's Metallic beat J. Keenan's Fear
Not; George AVhitney's Theron beat F.
Moran's False Flatterer; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan beat Aeneid Kennel's Maid of
Erin; F. Moran's Golden Russet beat A
Johnson's Mountain -Beauty; W. ■ Cream
er's Jersey Lily beat Rincon. . Kennel's
Swedish; Pasha Kennel's Emm Pasha
beat AA". F. Hobbs' Mercy May; S. Han
sen's L. S. Conley beat C. E. Clifford's
AVhite Rocket; D. J. Healey's Dick L beat
J. Seggerson's White Chief; Handy & I
Smith's Petronius beat F. Price's Madge
Wildfire.
THE PARIS COMMUNE.
Socialists Celebrate Its Twenty-
Eighth Anniversary in an Ap
propriate Manner.
The twenty-eighth anniversary of the
Paris Commune of IS7I was appropriately
celebrated by the Socialist Labor party
in Union-square Hall last night. M. W.
Wilkens acted as chairman of the even
ing, and made an introductory speech in
which he said: "The cause of the com
munists was the same as that of the so
cialists of to-day, but now it Is a politi
cal fight of labor against capital." He
then introduced G. B. Benham as the
speaker of the evening.
Mr. Benham in a few words painted a
picture of the cruelty which was inflicted
on the working classes by the capitalists
who were in control of the French Na
tional Assembly, and drew from it the
following lesson for the working classes:
"The intellectual leaders of the French
Commune were the officers of the Work
ingmen' International, an organization
which afterward spread throughout the
world, reaching as far as the Pacific
Coast. It was a secret organization, and
because it was it failed. The same les
son may be learned in regard to the nihi
lists, fighting against oppression in Rus
sia, and the Fenians in Ireland; it was
also the downfall of the Paris Commune.
The working classes have since fought in
the open by political action. They are
daily gaining in strength, and as * they
grow are weaving a fabric out of which
two garments will be made— one a shroud
for the capitalist system, and the other
the wedding garment of civilization— the
co-operative commonwealth of the work
ers of the world." • <":■■'
Aside from the speeches an excellent
literary and musical programme was ren
dered. The "Marseillaise" was sung by the
Mannerchoir; solos were rendered by
Miss Martha Aspden, and George Aspden
gave several recitations. Short speeches
were delivered by members of the Social
ist Labor party.
ASSAULTED AN OFFICER.
John Aitkenson while drunk yesterday
boarded electric car 1124 of the Kentucky
street branch on Third street and com
menced to use vulgar and abusive lan
guage.. G. M. Lewis, the conductor, at
tempted to eject him, but met with resist
ance and a struggle, in which Aitkenson
clutched him by the throat, ensued.
Policeman C. L. Naylor witnessed the af
fair and at once undertook to separate
the pair. He was successful in handcuff
ing the burly offender and took him to
the corner of Mission and Third streets
to await the arrival of the patrol wagon.
While the officer was engaged in turning
in the call Aitkenson grasped the oppor
tunity, and striking his captor with the
cuffs made a dash for liberty. He was
promptly knocked out by a well-directed
blow from the officer's fists, and did not
regain consciousness until he . was near
the Central station. '* \
Naylor's nose was badly cut from the
blow he received. His wound was dressed
at the Receiving Hospital. Two charges
were booked against Aitkenson at the
station, and Conductor Lewis immediate
ly presented himself and added two more
—a charge of battery and having used
abusive and vulgar language.
Opposed to the Dollar Limit.
At the regular meeting of the Fair
mount and Glen Park Improvement Club
the following resolutions were unanimous
ly adopted:
Whereas, It appears it will be impossi
ble to secure any permanent improve
ments for the outlying districts under the
so-called dollar limit; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the Falrmount and Glen
Park Improvement Club favors increasing
the dollar limit to an assessment sufficient
to enable the honorable Board of Super
visors to give the outlying districts the
Improvements they ask for, such as outlet
sewer, school houses, fire protection, etc.
* The club elected the following officers
for the next six months: Christ Stader,
president; Thomas Crouch, vice president;
L. - P. Smith, recording secretary; Fred
Eskilson. financial secretary; Joseph H.
Heck, treasurer, and Charles Nopper, ser
sreant-at-arms. The following members
were elected as an executive committee:
P Nelson. J. J. Sullivan Ferd Gamier,
W. Kountze and C. Detterding. •- -y
Ancient Order Hibernians.
Rev D O. Crowley, intrusted with the
spiritual' of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians, is arranging for the members
to receive annual communion in St.
Mary's Cathedral on or before Trinity
Sunday On that occasion the Archbishop,
who takes a tn deep interest in the order.
will deliver the sermon. last meeting, initi-
Division No 12, at its last meeting, initi
ated five- candidates in the presence of
the State officers. a „ . ...
Division No. 3. organized in 1860, is still
adding to its membership through the
earnest efforts of M.i J. banning and D.
H. McCafferty.
A Young Burglar Captured.
Policeman James Regan arrested Peter
Reilly, a young criminal, last night and
booked him at the City Prison on a
charge of burglary. Reilly broke into a
vacant house at 632 Fourth street yester
day afternoon and stole all. the lead pipe
on the premises and sold it to a junk
man. Officer Regan recovered the stolen
Pipe.
Verein Eintracht Masquerade.
A social invitation masquerade ball was
given last night at Vereln Hall, on
Twelfth street, by the young Germans be
longing to the club. The success of the
entertainment was largely duetto the ef
forts of Messrs. John Herman, John Hart
mansher. H. C. F. Stahl. Charles Gumbell
and Henry Behrens.
For Selling Pools.
Sidney Perry, proprietor of poolrooms,
%-> Stevenson street, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Policemen Esola and
Tvrrell on an old warrant charging him
with violating the ordinance against pool
celling The warrant was issued prior to
the adoption of the new ordinance last
Monday. Perry gave $100 cash bail.
To Bring the First Home.
Next Tuesday evening there will be an
other meeting of relatives of the men in
the First California Regiment at Manila
and of their friends to take further ac
tion in the movement to have those vol
un t c c rsseruVbackfromJheJsl^
ADVEBTISEMENTS. >
"Love and a Cough
§ Cannot be Hid."
It is this fact that makes
the lover and his siveetheart
happy, and sends the suf-
ferer from a cough to his
doctor. *But there are hid-
den ills lurking in impure
blood. ' ' The liver is wrong,
it is thought, "or the kid-
neys." < Did it ever occur
to you that the trouble is in
your blood?
Purify this river of life with Hood's
i Sarsaparilla. Then illness will be ban-
! ished, and strong, vigorous health will
result. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the best
| known, best indorsed and most natural
of all blood purifiers.
ZBllndness— "About four years ago my
i boy lost his sight, after whooping cough.
They were bloody and watery for months.
As a last resort tried Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Four bottles brought back his sight and
! nine cured him completely." MRS. P.
1 RENNER, 79 Walnut street, Buffalo. N. Y.
Stomach Trouble— years' suf-
; fering with stomach trouble made me
weak, run down, with severe headaches.
i Life was a burden to me until I took
; Saro_p_rill_, -whio 1— __»U _•_ - 1 r«_ Tt
makes my children strong and healthy.
MRS. M. BACH, 611 Second street. NE..
' Minneapolis. Minn. .'*; »'7r7i
Grip— in very bad condition after
1 an attack of grip. Nothing helped me and
! I almost gave up hope. I am strong and
feel better now than in twenty years, all
because I took Hood's Sarsaparilla, which
made my blood rich and pure." JOHN O.
DUNCAN, 649 Russell avenue, Indianap-
olis, Ind.
Dizzy Spells— the measles my
daughter had dizzy spells, which we
thought would pass off, but they did not
until we gave her Hood's Sarsaparilla.
In five days they disappeared and in one
month she regained her usual health."
B. H. KAMFERBECK, 53 Graves place,
Holland, Mich. yy. -vy
Pneumonia-"After an attack of pneu-
monia my husband did not gain strength
until he took Hood's Sarsaparilla. It
j made a new man of him. Mother had the
grip and Hood's restored her strength.
MRS. HENRY O. TAYLOR, New Canaan,
Conn.
Hood' 8 Pills cure liver Ills; the non-irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla.
EYE GLASSES
CHEAPER.
We have them, but, like everything else
cheaper, not as good nor have they the clip
that doesn't slip, tilt or waver, fall or hurt
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10. -
OPnciANS^)^PH« Sl i
642 Market St.; instrument.
•!«»>« CMOISC-.» _•». i»ii»«-
My son was afflicted .drtSv^***^.
with catarrh, I induced §&E*M\%l3^
him to try Ely's Cream JM^Pj*i' :t^s\
Balm and the disagree- AiXMVmmfi&W
able catarrhal smell all *t", <jr§*jw
left him. He appears fTx.^vr*/
as well as any one. V
J. C. Olmstead, Areola, _^_C-_5^W
iii. _-M_-__e_M-j_
. Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spread*
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief M
' immediate and a cure follows. It ls not drying
j —does not produce sneezing. Large size, 50c;
! at druggists or by mall : trial size. 10c, by mall.
i ELY BROTHERS. 58 Warren St.. New York.
I — . — — - .'....; — ~r- — ; — — — — ; — *** , : —
• mi IB A ■ MAC'S Infallible Pile
' ITI IB • § ■ ■ Cure! Cures all cases of
' UI I L \k. blind, bleeding, itching.
' r i 1 r■% protruding piles. Cases of:
I l_L._L.Q_-f years' standing cured by
j " ■ **-****■ **■ single SOc box.
! A. McBOYLE & CO.. Druggists,
■ 504 Washington Street. San Francisco,
D DTTCU CC OB BARBER*. BAK-
JDIiU __>IlJ__-_) *«. bootblacks, ♦ th -
f r '^ w r**_- houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, i eanners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
' hangers, printers, painters, shoe- factories.
■ .tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament. 9:
• / NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
. If EARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
, *»■ modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
' CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 50 day;
- $5 to J8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
' and cold water every room; fire grates in every
1 room; elevator runs all night.
I I___N__-Pnfi_HH_Ei__l __-_PRESTORED TO
HER KIDNAPED
INFANT CHILD
Mrs.O. C. Saake Again
Made Happy.
OFFICER M'MURRAY'S FIND
DISCOVERS THE MISSING GIRL
BY ACCIDENT.
A Romantic Story of a Bold Crime
That Nearly Drove a Woman
Into the Arms of
Despair.
Through the efforts of Officer H. Mc-
Murray of the California Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty, Mrs. O. C. Saake
ci 221- South Bunker Hill avenue, Los An
geles, has recovered her 5-year-old daugh
ter, Marie Manco. She was stolen by a
Mrs. Lillie Whittier some two and a half
years ago.
Mrs. Saake made every effort to find a
trace of her child, but without success.
The Whittier woman had been caring for
the young one while the mother was at
work and had taken a violent fancy to it, j
owing to its beauty and happy tempera- j
ment.
November 27, 1898, Mrs. Saake received a
letter from a man who signed himself Ed
Jarvis and gave his residence as 122 Turk
street. In this an attempt was made to
open negotiations for the return of the
child. A second letter from Jarvis fol
lowed, but nothing came of It.
Mrs. Saake on December 8 received an
other communication from a man named
Frank West of 613 Mission street in which
the latter claimed to know where
the child was, and offered to return it to
her if she would pay $150. West claimed
that he had fallen out with Mrs. Whit
tier, who had offered him the amount
mentioaed If he would take the child
East. He also stated that he wanted to
revenge himself on Mrs. Whittier, and
could do so by returning the child to her.
He also inclosed a picture of it.
Ail the communications were placed in
the hands of Chief of Police Glass of
Los Angeles, who on February 25 ad
dressed a letter to Chief Lees In which
lie stated that Marie Manco was the child
by Mrs. Haake's first marriage to a
Joseph Manco. He inclosed the picture
Bent by West, and also the correspond
ence of the latter and Jarvis, and request
ed that an officer be detailed on the case.
The matter was turned over to Officer
McMurray, who visited the residences
given by "the two men. but could find no
trace of them. He now believes they
were written by the kidnaper, who was
"tired of the child and wanted to get rid
of it. ■'*-"'■ ' _ _. „
Through pure accident he discovered
t ll e child's wherer.bouts a day or two ago.
He was at the Maria Kip Orphanage on
business and saw the girl among the many
children out there. He intuitively picked
it up and its resemblance to the photo
graph furnished by West occurred to
him He questioned the little one and
learned that she came from Nanamlo.
B C where her father had died. He
found the girl was entered in the insti
tution under the name of Edith \N hltta
ker. Further Investigation disclosed the
fact that she was Mrs. Saake kidnaped
child
The mother was notified and came im
mediately rrOm LO» Angrcles.- - efa» is ,*?
be at the Chiefs office to-morrow to gain
possession of Maria, who has been away
from her sight for over two years.
WRECK OF A FREIGHT
TRAIN AT CLIPPER GAP
Fred Witham of Bocklin Is Killed
and Ed Gray Fatally
Scalded.
CLIPPER GAP. March IS.— A west
bound freight train was wrecked here at
1 o'clock. The engine jumped the track
just north of the station Fred *tt it ham
of Rocklin was killed. Ed Gray of Rock
l«n was scalded so badly he will die. Other
trainmen were injured, but not fatally.
HEAVY FALL OF SNOW. |
Mantle of White; Garbs Mountains
Near San Miguel.
SAN MIGUEL, March IS.— During the
storm last night about a foot of snow fell
on the mountains ln this vicinity. This
assures a good supply of water for wells
and springs during the coming summer. j
The total amount of rainfall for the I
storm was 2.02 inches.
SAY JOSE. March 18.— According to !
Southern Pacific Agent Aram at Boulder j
Creek the recent storm gave ten inches |
of water there, a total for the season of |
41*" Inches This is said to be heavier than |
at any other place reporting in the State. |
' SAN DIEGO. March IS.— storm in;
San Diego County is over. The heaviest I
fall of the storm was 2.3S inches at Cuya- j
maca Lake, while 1.61 inches fell at Des
can=o and one and an eighth Inches at
Alpine. Fifty-nine hundredths of an inch
fell in this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fi| W/f The dread and fbffr-
-V __7 Vf- boding which almost
« I hL___. I invariably comes over
X* KM*-^_r a young wife, just ere
V P+'&y the advent of the first
if __________ little darling who shall
f\\y flf^-^N call her mother, is one
|jV. *[ ' of the unnatural bur-
' ■ f~O dens which civilization
A* i_-^ has imposed upon the
a^X^ privilege of mother-
-___•___> hood.
V There ought not to be such an over-
whelming sense of depression and weak-
ness as a woman feels at this time and there
' would not be if she was in a perfectly strong
and healthy condition. In thousands of
cases motherhood has been divested of all
its dangers and a large proportion of its
pain by the use of Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription, which is the most marvelous
remedy ever discovered for restoring com-
plete organic health and strength to the
delicate special structure involved in moth-
• erhood. Taken early during the prospective
time it makes the mother strong, energetic
and cheerful and carries her through the
period of trial with comparative comfort
and ease. It increases the baby - s natural
constitutional vigor and adds to the joys of
' motherhood the supreme satisfaction of a
strong, robust, lusty infant. Favorite Pre-
scription " is also the best supportive tonic
for nursing mothers. Every expectant
mother will appreciate what is said by lb*
Fannie M. Harry, of Galesburg, Ills (545
Churchill Aye.) In a letter to Dr. Pierce
" "^lT"ve used your medicines in my family fora
long time, and find them to be all that ,s claimed.
Ic_nnot -^commend them too highly. My con-
finement was made easy, ami «p.n«i«d none
of the pains such .as others nave at that period,
and the firs! bom the one that mothers fear so
much- Besides, the medicine has helped me in
Sanv other ways. I would recommend ah af-
fiict-d women to try Dr. Pierce valuable medi-
cines, and thus become well and stron_
RAILWAYS PROFIT
BY THIS DECISION
Not Liable for Damages Wf)en
IgQoraQt of Danger in T^eir
Trackways.
■ VANCOUVER. B. C. March 18.— Justice Irving rendered an lmpor- ■
& tant decision to-day, setting aside the verdict of a jury which con- g
rt demned the Canadian Pacific Railway to pay Conductor Woods $6000 ft
§ damages for the loss of a foot. The court held that a railway company £
<> could not be held liable when it was ignorant of any danger in its g
0 trackway. &
Sc*«_»-fBK»aB-CBSSaB_CfB-o»^^
SCHLEY DID NOT
ENTRAP CERVERA
The Spaniard "Bottled"
Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March IS. — Captain
Robley D. Evans contributes a chapter
to W. A. M. Goode's book, "With Samp
son Through the War," just issued.
Captain Evans describes how the lowa
joined Admiral Schley off Cienfuegos
on -May 22. After saluting the commo
dore the lowa became one of the flying
squadron and "proceeded to. drift leis
urely with it, off and on, Micawber
like, waiting for something— hoped
the Spanish squadron— to turn up."
Summing up the much-discussed
question of how Cervera was "bottled."
Captain Evans, after telling of the dis
covery of the Cristobal Colon on May
29, in the mouth of Santiago harbor,
writes as follows:
We signaled to the flagship (Brooklyn)
that the Spanish cruiser Cristobal Colon
was in the harbor, and the answer came
promptly. "I understand.". A moment
later a second Spanish cruiser supposed
to be the Maria Teresa, was discovered
to the left of Cayo Smith, and still. later ;
! the spars of a third were seen over the |
! land. The lowa was at once cleared for j
' action and everything was made ready
for battler as we felt sure the "Spaniards |
1 meant to fight. If they had wanted to j
escape they certainly had had every op
portunity to do so. Later on it was found
that Admiral Cervera had entered the j
' harbor of Santiago May 15, the day and
almost the hour the flying squadron lett
Key West for Cienfuegos.
It is, therefore, evident that the maneu
vering of the flying squadron had noth
ing to do with either forcing Cervera into
Santiago or preventing his escape there
from up to 7.45 a. m. May 29. '-'■ .-..- "-.
On June 1 Admiral Sampson arrived on
the New York and the lowa ceased to be
a vessel of the flying squadron. Th ad
miral's pian of blockade was substituted
for that of Commodore Schley and the be
j ginning of the end was in sight.
In another chapter entitled "A Bat
tleship in and Out of Action." the cap
tain gives the lesson that in a general
| way he deduced from the war:
First — absolute necessity for fast
armored cruisers capable of long sea en
durance. ;;■;•';
.- ■_.*-<.■,. mi— supply of torpedo-boat
.destroyers. 
Third— absolute necessity for proper
colliers and supply vessels.
Fourth— The absolute necessity for
smokeless powder.
Fifth— The need of some instrument by
which the range can be accurately and I
rapidly obtained.
Sixth— The necessity for a more perfect
system of communication, both as re
gards the ship herself and as between dif
ferent ships of the same squadron.
Seventh— Necessity for smokeless fuel.
Eighth— lnefficiency of lire from ships
against earthworks properly constructed.
Ninth— Necessity for two conning tow
ers, one fore and one aft.
Regarding the best place from which
to fight a battleship Captain Evans
writes :
I know of no more devilish place than
the conning tower of a battle-ship in ac
tion.
Yet the former commander of the
lowa is forced to admit that, taking
into consideration the tactical value of
the captain's life, the conning tower is,
after all, the best, but by no means the
most pleasant place in action. Captain
Evans stated that he believed the effect j
of the rapid fire had been overestimated j
by the hasty conclusions drawn from j
the battle of July 3. Regarding water j
supply for ships Captain Evans writes: j
The effect of using salt water in the j
boilers of our battle-ships during the
late war was so injurious that it seems j
to me it would be j criminal to allow it to
occur again. We must either have a dis- j
tilling ship for, say two battle-ships in
our fleet, or else, knowing the amount ;
necessary to make good our waste, put !
in a battle-ship a distilling plant capable i
of distilling the amount required.
NOTED CYCLERS "WELL BACE.
SACRAMENTO, March 19.— The Capital
City "Wheelmen have arranged an excel
lent programme of bicycle races for this
afternoon. The majority of the riders
who competed in the six-day race at San
Francisco will be seen on the track. Otto
Zeigler and "Kid" Gibson will be seei\ in
j exhibitions. The complete programme
follows: '
One mile tandem handicap, profes
sional—Downing and Cotter, scratch; O.
Julius and J. Lawson, 15 yards; Leonart
and Weinig, 25 yards; I. Lawson and C.
"Wells, 30 yards; Turville brothers, 35
yards; Barnaby and Chapman, 40 yards;
T. Goodman and "Baby" Gibson, 50 yards.
One mile handicap, amateur— heat:
! Robinson, B. C. "W., 20 yards; Eldred, C.
'C. "W., 60 yards; Morse, C. C. W.. 70
| yards; Valentine, C. C. "W., S5 yards;
i Wilson, C. C. "W., 95 yards; Hubert, C. C.
I *W., 100 yards; Turner, C. C. W., 105 yards;
j Shuerr, C. C. \V., 115 yards.
Second heat— Davidson, B. C. "W.,
' scratch; McNess, S. F. R. C. 35 yards;
; Moeller, C. C. W., 60 yards; Egerberg, C.
i C. W., 70 yards; Pearson, C. C. ,W.. c 5
yards: Pavne, C. C. W., 95 yards; Hug.
C. C. W., 106 yards; "Wells, C. C. W., 110
yards.
One mile open, professional— First heat:
Goodman, Cobber, Chapman, Weinig,
Clem Turville, John Lawson, Downing.
Second heat— Barnaby, I. Lawson,
| Charles Turville, Charles Wells, Julius,
i Leonart.
Exhibition by Otto Zeigler of San Jose.
Five mile handicap, professional— Teddy
Goodman, scratch; Iver Lawson, scratch;
Hardy Downing, 25 yards; E. Leonart, 50
| yards; Frank Cotter. 60 yards; T. A. Bar
' naby, 70 yards; C. Well*-, SO yards.
Second heat— Charles Turville, 90 yards:
j A. Weinig. 100 yards; John Lawson, 125
] yards; J. Chapman, 150 yards; Oscar Ju
i lius, 200 yards; Clem Turville, 300 yards;
jC. Ashinger, 450 yards. - .
Exhibition by "Baby" Gibson, known as
"Michael No. 2."
' Ten mile Invitation race John Lawson,
j Oscar Julius, T. A. Barnaby, John Chap
man, Charles Turville, Charles Ashinger.
Issues a Populist Manifesto. j
HOUSTON^ Tex., March IS.— Milton
Park of Dallas, chairman of the Populist
reorganization committee, has Issued a
manifesto setting forth the nomination of
i "Wharton Barker for President and Igna
j tius Donnelly for Vice President and the
I adoption of a platform, claiming that
j "there is a need for a party standing for
equality of opportunity and against spe
cial privileges; the great mass of the peo
ple of the United States are Populist at
heart, although they do not acknowledge
.it." J
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CAT/--, SUNDAY, MARCH _ 9. 1899.
TORNADOES DEAL
DEATH TO MANY
Terrific Storms in the
South.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS, Term., March 18.— A. se
ries of windstorms swept through por
tions of Alabama, Mississippi and Ar
kansas to-day, doing an immense \
amount of property damage and kill- !
ing a number of people. The storms j
covered a radius of several hundred i
miles, destroying telegraph wires and
cutting off communication with a large i
part of the affected country. Cleburne
County, Alabama, seems to have suf
fered the most severely, the storm
there assuming the proportions of a i
tornado. The reports of fatalities in
the county vary from six to twenty
and many persons are said to have
been injured. At Sellers and Luverne,
Ala., much damage Is reported, and at
Rob Roy, Ark., one man was killed and
i several were badly injured. Dumas,
| Ark., was practically wiped out of ex- ''
I istence and several other towns in the
| vicinity suffered severely. One person j
:is reported killed at Hickory Flat, ;
'. Miss., and as the farmhouses in the vi- '
cinity suffered heavily. It is not un
' likely that many fatalities occurred
which have not yet been reached.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., March IS— A
cyclone passed through the country
I here to-day, creating great havoc be- .
i tween Haflin and Edwardsville. It is
: known that seven members of the fam- I
I ily of Mr. Coffee, a farmer, are dead,
', and it is thought many others are in
jured, although on account c-f the dam- j
; age done by the storm to the telegraph i
\ wires it is impossible to give details.
; The house contained eleven persons
when it was struck by the storm. Thu
building was entirely demolished and
seven inmates were killed outright.
The path of the storm was about
twenty-five miles wide and the tornado
tore everything to pieces that lay be
fore it. Telegraph wires and poles are
down in every direction and trains are
delayed greatly on account of i.bris
piled on the track. It Is thought that
great damage has been done in the
farming district, but it is not believed
the cyclone struck any town.
HICKORY FLAT, Miss., March 18.—
A tornado struck this place to-day. The
school building and two churches were
j demolished and twenty-five dwellings
! blown down or unroofed. Several per
i sons received painful injuries. A fam
i ily living west of here lost its dwelling
\ and a young lady, name as yet un
known, was killed. Trees were torn up
; by the roots or twisted off like reeds,
and all fencing in the path of the cy
; clone leveled to the ground. On some
I farms near here hardly a building was
I left standing. Doubtless other fatali
ties will be reported, but news from the
district swept is meager. The course
j of the storm was from southwest to
northeast and its track was nearly a
| half mile wide, i
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 18.—A
i tornado passed through portions of Jef
j ferson and Desha counties this after
noon. Telegraph wires were blown
; down and the details are coming In
! slowly. At Rob Roy five houses, were
I blown down and one man killed. The
i town of Dumas, in Desha County, was
j struck and considerable damage don*.
j Nearly all the houses in the town were
j either blown down or damaged and
i several persons were Injured, but, so
I far as can be learned, no lives were lest.
i There are several small towns in the
j section through which the storm passed
| and as yet no news can be received
: from any of them.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., March 18.—
Cyclones passed over different portions
of the State to-day, but on account of
telegraph wires being down no particu
lars can be learned. At Selma. the
spire of the First Methodist Church
was blown down, crushing through the
roof and doing much damage. At Sel
lers, a small station on the Plant sys
tem, south of Montgomery, the entire
town, except three houses, was de
stroyed. Lucerne suffered greatly, but
no details can be got.
STANFORD VICTORIOUS.
Defeats the Fireman's Fund Team at
Baseball.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 18.—
By superior hitting the Varsity to-day ad
ministered its second defeat of the season
to the Fireman's Fund nine. The score
was 4 to .1. The visitors were unable to
connect with Lanagan, making but three
hits. The collegians, however, batted
Moskiman heavily, piling up eight hit*
against him. The game was a loose one,
j owing greatly to the inability of either
team to practice on account of the week's
rain. Eleven errors were rfiade, five of
which stand against the Varsity.
Following is the score:
FIREMEN'S FUND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer, s. s 4 0 0 0 2 6 1
'■ W. Hammond, c.... 4 0 0 0(01
King, 3 b .3 0 0 0 0 10
Follansbce, 1 b 3 0 1 0 11 2 1
Webber, 1. t 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
Moskiman, p 4 0 1113 1
McGln, 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 2 0,
Butler, r. f 2 0 0 0 11 2
J. Hammond, c. f... 3 0 00 4-0 0
Totals 31 1 3 1 27 15 6
STANFORD. ' '■ v '■>';
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Strohn. 2 b 4 0 0 0 6 4 1
Murphy, 1. 1 51 1 210 0
Lough-ad. s. s 5 1 0 0 3 6 2
Swindells, c 5 0 10 4 3 0
I Young, 1 b ....4 0 2 0 7 2 0
I Wright. 3 b 4 10 0 2 0 2
Lanagan,.P 4 12 0 11 0
Bentley, r. f 2 0 0,0 0 0 0
Chandler, c. t 4.0 2 0 3 0 0
Carson, r. t 10 . 6 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 <7S 2 27 15 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Firemen's Fund 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 o—l
Stanford *> 04000000-4
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Young, Webber. First base on
! Firemen's Fund, 3; Stanford. 3. First
base on called balls— Firemen's Fund. 2; Stan
' ford, 4- Left on bases Firemen's Fund, 6;
, Stanford, 10.' Struck out— By Moskiman. 4: by
I_na.an'. 3. Hit by pitcher— King. Double
Lanagan to Strohn to Young. Passed
I balls— Swindells, 2; Hammond, 1. Time of
came— l:4o. Umpires— and Golds
worthy. Scorers— Haslacher nnd Krug.
■.. ♦ ■ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
1 or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
WILLIAM'S DEEP
MORTIFICATION
Rage of Emperor Over
Pet Army -Bill.
STANDS ALONE IN THE FIGHT
DOES NOT DARE TO DISSOLVE
THE REICHSTAG.
However, He Has a Rod in Pickle
for Prince yon Hohenlohe,
the Imperial Chan
cellor.
Copyrighted, 1*59, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, March 18.— The unex
pected Reichstag crisis, which has
overshadowed everything this week,
was brought about by the fact that the
Reichstag, judging from the words and
manner of the Minister of War, Gen
eral yon Gossler, was led to believe
that the Emparor and Bundesrath were
satisfied with the military bill as fixed
by the budget commission's report,
granting everything demanded in the
shape of reorganization of the artillery
and cavalry and an increase of the
army peace footing, except that only
7000 men were granted out of the 23,000
asked for. This, however. is really not
the case, so far as the Emperor is con
cerned, and it was only after the Min
ister of War suddenly announced that
i the report was considered insufficient
that it was discovered his Majesty in
sisted upon the passage of the bill in
its original shape, or else the Reich
stag would be dissolved and new elec
! tions ordered on this issue.
Those who are close to the Emperor
have repeated his sayings on the sub
ject which leave no room to doubt his
Majesty's attitude. But he is virtually
alone in the stand taken, since a ma
jority of the Bundesrath made it clear
to the Imperial Chancellor, Prince yon
Hohenlohe. on Wednesday that their
I governments were satisfied with the
MUCH ADMIRED
— /?**— i~*^*'^^tiiM_S-B--i---B_----'teJ y\ Tl M AVprprjCjtc
c ___HHB^___l ■* _K___B m B
Bfjfß m\wm\\ 1 1 i v_7i 1 Lo. •
Of course, you will be satisfied with a $12.^0 or $I^.oo suit overcoat for &Q.QS, and naturally expect
it to give entire satisfaction— it will. Yet (for your protection) we will keep either suit or overcoat in repair free of
charge for one year. This speaks volumes in its favor. Anybody can have his money returned if he wants it
CHILDREN'S CLOTHING. i -
We are fixing up our Children's Department— repainting and renovating it. Of course, while this work is going on there is some
inconvenience, so to h.lp you to overlook this we have marked down some suits considerably, making them special values :
Middy Suits for boys from 3to 8 years. Tastefully trimmed, has sout- Reefer Suits for boys from 4to 10 years. The colors are. browns and
-ache on the collar, vest and sleeves; two pockets; some of- the suits have -grays in checks, plaids and stripes; material is all wool and sewed to stay.
buttoned sleeves,* others plain. You will be pleased with one of these suits Double-Breasted Suits, same as reefer suits, in assortment, but are for
for the price— Do >' s from Bto 15 -
-*S3 .SO. $3.5 Q.
S. N. WOOD Sc CO.
718 Market Street. .
bill in the shape reported. They fur
ther declared that a dissolution of the
Reichstag on such a trifling matter
seemed undesirable and injudicious.
The Bundesrath being constitutionally
the .final arbitrator in the matter, the
Emperor risked being discredited if he
carried out his intention of dissolving
the Reichstag, and it also seemed clear
that the result of an election would not
be more favorable to the Emperor's
wishes. The popular votes represented
by the majority rejecting the increase
in the peace footing of the army . on
Tuesday, the vote standing 209 to 141,
outnumbered the votes rejecting other
proposals by almost two to one.
The statements of the leaders of the
Reichstag carried much weight, Dr.
Lieber, spokesman of the Centre party,
showing that within a few. years, be
sides the regular military appropria
tions, the Reichstag has voted 733,000,
--000 marks, but the peace strength of
the army is much stronger than ap
pears from the bill, being really con
siderably over 600,000 men.
This effective arraignment of the in
satiable military demands, and the
statements of the other opposition lead
ers made a considerable impression.
Herr Richter; the German radical
leader, said: "If the Reichstag was
now dissolved it would not be because
of this trifling reduction in the mili
tary bill, but because another Reich
stag is wanted, one which will pass a
reactionary anti-strike bill and modify
the election laws, and its motto will b»
autocratic, absolute government and
destruction of the Reichstag's inde
pendence.' "
This sally and similar remarks made
b%' another speaker were heartily ap
plauded by the whole Right, and it was
openly declared that the members of
the party were not eager to enter into
a new fight at the polls.
Nevertheless, it was very hard to
change the Emperor's mind, and it was
only at the last moment before he
started for Friedrichsruhe to attend the
entombment of the remains of Prince
and Princess Bismarck, two hours be
fore the decision of the Reichstag, that
he told the Imperial Chancellor and
Count yon Posadowsky-Wehner, Sec
retary of State for the Interior, that he
would content himself with the reduc
tion, and this was only after it was
shown to him that, by the additional
resolution, the Government would be
assured a few years hence of what it
contended for.
Still the Emperor felt that the Reichs
tag's action was a personal defeat and
his mortification was.correspondingly
great, for the Influence of the court
military party for weeks has been
strongly exerted in the decision of not
yielding in this matter. The triumphal
shoutings and spoutings of the opposi
tion on Tuesday, when it became evi
dent that the Government and the Em
peror would yield and utterances of a
like nature in the opposition press have
helped to intensify his Majesty's morti
fication. It is said that he feels dis
i satisfied with Prince Hohenlohe, Gen
INESTIMABLE AID
IN LIFE SAVING
Practical Test of Wireless Teleg
raphy Demonstrates Its
Great Value.
Special Cahle to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
hy James Gordon Bennett.
■5*3 LONDON, March 18.— Wireless. telegraphy has been put to really a ■
*> practical test which has proved how valuable it will be in the future M
§ saving of life at sea. Last Saturday a barkentine got ashore on the jg
S* treacherous Goodwin Sands, and signals of distress were fired from the g
<> south of Goodwin light which were heard on the East Goodwin light- g
JS ship, where wireless telegraphy apparatus is fixed, and by that means a g
5 message was sent to the South Foreland lighthouse, whence other »
£ messages were passed on to Kingsdown and Ramsgate for life boats. 8
S3 It often happens that when the wind is blowing off shore the guns on g
8 lightships cannot be heard on land, and it is in such cases that wireless S
8 telegraphy will be of inestimable value in saving life. The Ramsgate g
•5 Town Council is now pressing Trinity House for Installations of wire- g
Q less telegraphy between all lightships and shore. — 2*
H«KO_*O-20-*o;*:O_^-^--Cv!2C^O?2O-SS2 s,c«c_S-Cigsa»g--C«CTacw3 ssc-sb-sob
era! yon Gossler and Count yon Posa- ,
dowsky-Wehner, for what he considers
to be the unskillful manner in which
the matter was manipulated in the
Reichstag and the lack of support of
the Government in the press. y wy-,
Before the decision of the Reichstag
was arrived at the correspondent here
of the Associated Press heard a gen
tleman of the Emperor's surroundings
say: "This has been old Hohenlohe's i
pyrrhus victory. The Emperor is tired !
of him and he will have to go at the
first fitting opportunity."
It is said that his Majesty is further
Irritated by the fact that the ultra
montanes, though only one-third of the
minority, upon this occasion triumphed
in protestant Germany over the pro
testant Emperor. This also seemed to
be a most galling reflection in Govern
ment circles, especially as the ultra
montane leader. Dr. Lieber, spoke on
Tuesday and Thursday in a defiant,
challenging tone and with the manner
of. a master of the situation.
INSULT TO THE ARMY.
DEL MONTE. March IS.— Dr. W. S.
"Webb of New York, who is a member of
the Vanderbilt party now staying here,
was seen by The Call correspondent to
day in regard to his interest in th© army
beef investigation and the rumor that he
is supplying evidence to General Mile*.
Dr. Webb said: -".- ." v
"I really haven't anything to say in re
gard to either point more than what I
have already said. I am a great friend of
General Miles and also of Secretary Al
ger and the administration and I think
it a great pity the controversy ever came
up. The investigation will certainly put
the blame upon those who deserve it."
In regard to his supplying evidence to
General Miles Dr. Webb would say noth
ing whatever, and he declined to discuss
he present aspect of the beef inquiry or
.is personal interest ln the case. He said,
however, that his opinion was still that
General Miles was right and had been
right from the first; the beef was bad and
Mile- had the courage to say so. He be
lieves Miles is a man who has the best
interest! of his soldiers at heart and ia
altogether a credit to the army.
Dr. Webb thinks the treatment of the
commanding general in this matter haa
been virtually an Insult to the whole
army.
An Insane Journalist.
OAKLAND, March 18.— S. Saul, aged
65 years, was arrested for ihsantiy to
day and Is detained at the Receiving Hos
pital, where on Monday next he will be
examined by the Lunacy Commissioners.
Saul gives his occupation as that of a
journalist and says he resides in Berkeley.
34
NO DANCER OF
AN UPRISING
IN PORTO RICO
Alarming Reports Have No
Foundation in
Fact.
DENIED OFFICIALLY
Mere Local Fights Between Sol
diers and Natives the Only
Disturbances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO.
March IS. The reports contained in
newspapers just received here alleging
that danger exists of an uprising of
the natives are regarded with aston
ishment and are absolutely without
foundation in fact. The only disturb
ances th* 3 ** have occurred here have
been mere local fights between the
American volunteers, and the low.;r
classes.
Tne correspondent of the Associated
Press, who has just returned from an
extended trip through the island, found
only occasional evidences of :lissatis
faction tesulting from brawls and local
politics, and American officers now
here ridicule the idea of an uprising
of the natives, who, they say, are with
out weapons and are entirely lacking in
organization.
The colonial commission appointed
by President McKinley will hear the
testimony presented, which, it is ex
pected, will be contradictory, and, af
ter consideration, will advise the au
thorities mainly upon the political sit
uation.
The Americans seek the establish
ment of a Federal court, and a num
ber of aspirants for judgeships have
requested Governor General Henry to
recommend them for appointment.
General Henry, however, refused their
requests.
The commission has refused to make
public the nature of its discussions.
The members will leave shortly for the
western part of the island.
Leary Will Proceed to Guam.
WASHINGTON. March IS.— new
Governor of Guam. Captain R. P. Leary,
U. S. N., was a visitor at the Navy De
partment this morning, and consulted
with Secretary Long in regard to the ad
ministration of the government on that
little islanu. He will proceed to Guam
on the converted cruiser Yosemite, via
the Suez canal, from Norfolk. The Yo
semite is now being fitted out for the
trip at the Norfolk Navy-yard.
Alaska Boundary Survey. I
VANCOUVER. B. C, March IS.— Two !
Government parties arrived here to-day |
on their way to Alaska, where they will !
define the boundary lines between Brit
ish Columbia and the Northwest Territory.
They will also begin the construction of a
telegraph line from Lake Bennett to Daw
ton. The line probably will be extended
to this city from Skaguay by cable.
DRUG STORES SELL HUDYAN.
j^^^ HEADACHE,
Msr BACKACHE,
MP WEAKNESS,
M/ SWOLLEN LIMBS, N^|l
B LOSS OF APPETITE, M&
B . LOSS OF FLESH. \»
Ml IMPAIRED MEMORY, \H
V HUDYAN CURES J
a JNO. HANSEN I was a sufferer for wonderful. Sincerely, v.. -','9
0 IS CURED. many years from severe Hoquiam, Wash. MRS. H. JOHNSON. #
9 headaches and weak kidneys, but thanks ©
9 to your Hudyan remedy lam now entirely JNO. B. TRAXLER I wish to testify as ©
9 cured. JNO. HANSEN. IS CURED. to the value of your 9
9 Reno, Nev. ,' Hudyan. My digestion was bad; I had no •
9 ' '■■' ! appetite, was weak and pale. Six boxes of ©
9 W. TV. STEBBINS I feel It my. duty to your udyan has cured me. sound and ©
9 IS CURED. write and tell you! we n. Yours truly, JNO. B. TRAXLER. •
0 .that I have" found absolute relief from the un River, Mont. ©
9 pain and weakness in my back. Your ©
• Hudyan is truly wonderful. Very truly, WM. H. WALLER lam so grateful to ®
9 W. W. STEBBINS. j IS CURED. you for your Hudyan g
© McPherson, Kansas. j remedy. For * years I had suffered from 5
® weakened kidneys. I was -reduced to a 2
** F. L. TALM-DGE From the second day 'skeleton almost. Not so now. for your X
jg IS CURED. of Hudyan I felt my- Hudyan has cured me, and I weigh more X
2 self gaining in strength. Now that I have than T ever did in my life, I feel flne. 2
5 taken four boxes I experience no signs : Y ours truly, WM. H. WALLER. . q
2 whatever of weakness. All other symptoms ; Denver, Colo. fh
a have disappeared. Very respectfully, • .-' . ' — £
if Azusa. Cal. F. L. TALMADOE. AH. MOREHEAD I did not need to G
S IS CURED. take the entire six q
• % MRS. H. JOHNSON I am improving all j boxes of Hudyan, for when I had taken q
£ IS CURED. the time, and when four boxes I was cured. My memory is £
A I have finished this box of Hudyan will : splendid, and no more pain in back. My £
A consider that I am entirely cured. There kidneys are all right now. Will cheerfully £
9 is no more swelling in my limbs and I recommend Hudyan. Tours truly, £
9 never felt better in my life. Hudyan Is' Globe, Ariz. A. H. MOREHEAD. %
• •
• <-. ' ' •
S HUDYAN, 50c a package or six packages for $2.^0.©
§ * For sale by druggists, or send direct to the ©
J HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
• COR. STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STS.. %
1 SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ©
% : : — — •
3 You May Consult the Hudyan Doctors Free. Call or Write. %
CREELMAN
ONCE MORE
TO THE FORE
Criticizes Otis' Conduct of
tfie War in the
Philippines.
SO BATTLES FOUGHT
Says Skirmishes Are Magnified by
the Press Censor Into Des
perate Fights.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 19.— Jour
nal's Manila correspondent sends the
following via Hongkong to escape the
rigorous censorship established at Ma
nila:
The movements of General Wh<.ot
on's flying brigade around Pasig dur
ing the past week have been largely ex
aggerated. The censor has refused to
allow correspondents to report the plain
fact that the insurgents simply ran
away before the advances of the Ameri
can troops. He seemed to wish that all
dispatches sent should represent small
skirmishes as serious battles, with the
natives resisting furiously. The com
plaisant correspondents were made to
represent the insurgent losses as
enormous.
General Otis' advances, however, ac
tually' consist of elaborate skirmishes,
with few losses, with no decided for
ward movement. Indeed, there is much
delay, and Lawton has not been as
signed to duty. Admiral Dewey ex
pressed satisfaction over the arrival of
General Lawton and said:
"I am in favor of going ahead
right now and taking everything in
sight. We have forces enough to end
the war if we go right in and fight.
My opinion is the hostilities are car
ried on almost exclusively by Tagallos.'
We ought to be able to crush their op
position quickly. I do not anticipate
any difficulty in occupying the south
ern islands of the archipelago. After
the present hostilities end we ought not
to need a great naval force in the Phil- j
ippines. Spain had to maintain an ex
pensive squadron here, because she al- '
ways had the screws on the people. It
was a continued military occupation,
but that is not our style of govern
ment." _____
ONLY BY HEARSAY
WAS LYNCH WRITING
Timothy Lynch of this city, father of
Private Tom Lynch of the Third Artillery,
extracts from whose letters were printed
in" The Call of yesterday, wants the boy's
friends to understand that Private Tom
wrote only from hearsay when he said
that a major of the Third stabbed wound,
ed Filipinos with his sword and told the
boys to spare none. Being on the gunboat,
Private Lynch could know nothing or
what went on ashore save as he was told.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
AGUINALDO TALKED
TO PRINCE HENRY
DID PRUSSIA
EXTEND AID
TO TAGALS?
The Present Question That
Is Exciting Interest' in
the Philippines.
NO PAY FOR TROOPS
As a' Result the Native Soldiers
Cannot Be Relied Upon for
Obedience.
! Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett. ___
MANILA, March 18.— I have
been informed that Aguin-
I aldo, during his stay in Hong
i kong, had an interview with
Prince Henry of Prussia.
The native troops are dissatis
fied, owing to non-payment of
their wages, and frequently dis
obey their officers.
ILOILO, Island of Panay, March 12.
via Manila, March 18. The situation
here is practically unchanged despite
the plucky but abortive attempt of a
British officer to effect a compromise.
Yesterday Lieutenant Commander
Cowper of the British gunboat Plover,
accompanied by an English resident
and Raimundo Melliza, former presi
dent of the Filipino congress for Panay,
crossed the lines unofficially and at
tempted to advise the natives to aban
don their opposition to the Americans,
their intention to do so having been
previously communicated to General
Miller, who granted them facilities.
Senor Melliza is a leading merchant,
having large interests in Iloilo and the
, surrounding country. When a collision
i with the Americans seemed inevitable
I Senor Melliza resigned the presidency,
which is now held by Victorino Mapa, i
The party went by way of Molo to
i the town of Mandurrlao, where they
| dismounted and under a flag of truce
i walked two miles to the first insurgent
i trenches. They were met by sixteen
of the leading political and military' in
surgents, but not by Pablo Arreta, the
principal Visayan general, President
Mapa, nor Diogno, the Tagallo general,
who acts as adviser and as Aguinaldo's
representative.
The conference was held in a house
i and lasted for a considerable time,
those attending speaking in Spanish.
Lieutenant Commander Cowper was
much impressed by the youthfulness
and smartness of the leaders. He coun
seled an agreement with the Amer
icans, who, he said, had no intention
to rule in the spirit old Spain did, but
to improve the country for the benefit
of the people.
The natives reiterated their charges
that the Americans were acting in bad
faith; that their acts were not in ac
cordance with fair words. . They as
sured Lieutenant Commander Cowper
that they were not fighting from choice
and were desirous of resuming their
business and peaceful pursuits, but
were determined to make no com
promise without consulting Aguinaldo.
They will stand or fall with the island
of Luzon. They treated Lieutenant
Commander Cowper and his compan
ions courteously.
When asked by him as a last resort
what suggestion they had to make
toward a solution, they assured him
frankly they were willing to negotiate
for peace through one of the great pow
ers, preferably Great Britain.
Lieutenant Commander Cowper re
ported the result of the conference to
General Miller. Despite this failure
the kind treatment by the Americans
under General Miller's express orders i
is having an excellent effect on the j
lower class of natives, whose daily oc
cupations ' are conducted in the fields
close to the American lines. The na
tives come and go. bringing produce,
and the only precaution is a search to
prevent the introduction of weapons.
Owing to the daily increase In the num
ber of laborers in the city It is hoped
business will soon resume its former
IRISHMEN CHEER
ALLIANCE TALK
Praise for England Applauded
at a St. Patricks Day
Gatheriog.
D NEW YORK, March 18.— talk British-American alliance at an I
g Irish-American gathering and get away Intact is something of a feat, £
8 but ex-Congressman Thomas Fitch, one of the best-known orators of j
§ the Pacific Coast, did it last night at a dinner of Friendly Sons of St. Pat- i
0 rick at Delmonico's— and did more, for he not only got away intact, but §
**_! his remarks were cheered. After speaking, of some of war's results, he
§ said in part: ' > • "*£
$ "Shall I transgress the proprieties of the occasion if I say while in £
*5 years gone I have helped to twist the tail of the British Hon as it de- £
8 served to be twisted for his action concerning Ireland, yet I cannot g
£ forget that in the hour of our peril, when France cheered- and Russia £*
•8 stood aloof arid Germany howled and Austria almost menaced, and we £
** stood in great danger of an alliance of the great powers of Continental *
X Europe against us, then from Ireland, from Scotland, from Wales, from g
$ England, the great heart of the people welled in sympathy toward us. r
8 (Applause.) Then the British 7 Government robed itself in the ermine of £
§ the high chancellor of nations, outstretched the strong right arm £
25 of its injunctive power and said to the conspirators, 'We forbid you to Js
8 . give aid to the dying despotism of Spain in its contest with the United £
vk States.' (Enthusiastic and long continued cheers.) >
scale. The volume of trade is now only
about one-eighth its usual limit.
It is evident the military and Tagal
element is preventing the collapse of
the hostile movement. They are circu
lating absurd stories of Filipino suc
cesses in the vicinity of Manila and the
capture of numerous American pris
oners.
Yesterday I drove through to Molo
and over a mile outside the lines with
Major Cheetham of the Tennessee Reg
iment. "We found the natives ex
tremely friendly and peaceful and busy
with their' marketing. We visited Cor
nelllo Melliza, an old native planter,
father of Raimundo. He spoke hope
fully of a speedy settlement and regret
ted hostilities..
Since February 11 the Molo end of the
line has been quiet. At the Jaro end
there have been a few shots, but no
casualties, the insurgents never ap
proaching our position in large num
bers. The British gunboat Pigmy left
Cebu on March 1 and visited Tacloban,
in the island of Leyte, Barugo, Cal
bayon, Catbalogan and Lagranga in
Samar and Gubat and Legaspi in Lu
zon, inquiring as to the safety of Brit
ish subjects.
So far as the officials learned, the
lives and property of the British are
safe, but the Filipino leaders admitted
the difficulty of controlling men who do
not belong to the districts visited and
who evidently are holding together
with the prospect of loot, the majority
being soldiers from the city of Manila,
whom the local people are supporting
half-heartedly. Commander Greene
found a strong hostile feeling toward
the Americans among these imported
braves.
Many untrue reports are circulated
among ignorant people of the alleged
cruelty of the Americans. The stories
formerly told against the Spaniards of
looting and . ravishing are " being re
peated against the Americans. At Call
bayou, in Samar, an American named
Rescott, employed by Warner, Barnes
& Co., a British firm, is held under
parole. Commander Greene, accom
panied by James Macleod of Warners,
saw General Luekban at Catbalogan
and told him he would be held respon
sible for any harm to Mr. Scott. After
assurances of good will Mr. Scott was
returned to Callbayou.
From Barugo, one Guisti, an Ameri
can in British employ, was brought
here.
Wherever she touched the Pigmy
found a friendly feeling toward the
British, but it was necessary to warn
the people that damage to British in
terests would bring condign punish
ment.
The food supply of the native soldiers
Is limited. When the true state of af
fairs in Cebu, Negros and Zamboanga,
where the cruiser Boston has gone to
take possession, is learned it must af
fect the American position beneficially
as the Visayans now here are not de
sirous of fighting. A British subject
named Bernard Cogan was taken pris
oner in Cebu and removed to Leyte.
The Plover has gone to secure his re
lease. . '■' ,' '■ •'■" ■*'
OTIS TO SEND OUT
A SECOND COLUMN
WASHINGTON, March 18.— General
Otis is planning, another blow at the
insurgents in the execution of his gen
eral scheme of hastening the ending of
the rebellion in Luzon before the ad
vent of the rainy season. The fact ap
peared quite incidentally in a cable
gram received from him, in which he
replied to an inquiry from the War De
partment relative to the discharge of
the volunteer soldiers serving in his
army. These soldiers are entitled, by
the promise of the War Department,
and, perhaps, by the terms of their en
listment, to be sent home as soon as
they can be relieved by regulars.
General Otis said the men were will
ing to stay in the Philippines as long
as they could be of active service, and
then he added that he was about to
have some work of importance for
them, indicating that another general
movement forward was in prospect.
This understanding is confirmed by the
report from Manila that another col
umn, in addition to that of Wheaton,
is being formed under Lawton's lead,
and it is believed this will be pushed
rapidly northward from Manila, in
closing between itself and Wheaton's
column the largest body of the insur
gents remaining in the neighborhood of
Manila. ■ ;
ALL THE SPANIARDS
WEARY OF MANILA
MADRID, March 18.— cable message
received from General Rlos. the former
commander of the Spanish troops in the
Philippine Islands, says the situation of
the Spaniards at Manila is so critical that
they all desire to return home, "the
Americans," the general adds, "render
ing their sojourn in the Philippines Im
possible."
The Spanish steamer Luzon left Manila
yesterday for Carthagcna, taking a num
ber of Spanish soldiers and 120 officials.
THE REBELS
AT PATEROS
DRIVEN BACK
Make an Attack in Force
Upon the Twenty-Second
Regulars.
TWO AMERICANS DEAD
Every Chance Will Be Given the
Natives at Cebu to Govern
Themselves.
'■';.-.' Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, March 19, 10:20 a. m.— A
large body of insurgents made a night
attack near Pateros, on the camp of
the Twenty-second Regular Infantry,
which now forms a part of Wheaton's
brigade in the first division, command
ed by Lawton. "7* v
The advance was discovered by the
outposts, who retired when they found
the rebels were in force, and three com
panies of the regiment were quickly
formed and engaged the enemy, who
retired after several volleys had been
exchanged. Two Americans were kill
ed by the insurgents and fifteen wound
ed. The loss of the rebels has not yet
been ascertained, although they are
known to have been considerable.
A provisional customs system is be
ing introduced at Cebu. Colonel Ha
irier, First Idaho Infantry, is acting as
military Governor and matters of in
ternal revenue licenses and interior
economy are receiving consideration.
These affairs probably can be conduct
ed by natives who desire citizenship
and by means of such measures the
officers will establish a quasi civil ad
ministration within the island under
military supervision, tentative in. char
acter, but as nearly approaching per
manency as is possible.
The other officers are Captain Wil
liam T. Wood, Tenth Regulars, collec
tor of customs, and Lieutenant Thomas
F. Schley of the Twenty-third, port
captain.
Ensign Everhart has been relieved as
port captain of Iloilo by Lieutenant
"William B. Hanna of the Montana Vol
unteers.*
VAST TASK OF
CONQUEST AND
OCCUPATION
Cecil Rhodes' Talk on Ameri
can Expansion Brings Out
Sensational Comment.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, March 18.— The newspap
ers this week reprinted from the Am
erican papers the interview which a
correspondent of the Associated Press
had with Cecil Rhodes on board the
steamer Hapsburg, on the Mediterran
ean, and which was mailed from Alex
andria, Egypt, on February 11, and
printed on March 3, in America. The
remarks of Mr. Rhodes on America's
imperial future have attracted a great
deal of attention.
The Spectator, however, suggests
that the energy of the Americans may
not prove persistent enough for the
vast task of conquest and occupation
which the South African statesman
sets before them, adding: "Their sys
tem, though it produces men of ability,
ls probably not favorable to the de
velopment of a meteoric genius, and
without such a man the work can
hardly be done rapidly. Eating up
South America like an artichoke. State
by State, is a task to overstrain any
people, even the Americans. The car
rying out of the work, too. might bring
to a head the great danger of the
United States— the difference in the
ideal and permanent tendency between
the North and South. It is true that
the State system of America, is a won
derful system of empire; but it is also
a wonderful provision for disintegra
tion. The North may refuse to persist
In a career of conquest, which wearies
It, and with Canada may elect to form
a republic with another ideal than gov
erning, which, although attractive,
wears out the surplus energy of the
governors. If any one tells us the
United States will expand to the Straits
of Magellan in spite of themselves we
may believe him. But if he says, as
Mr. Rhodes says, that this expansion
will be deliberate we shall hesitate and
ask for evidence that they wish the
expansion to last."
Mr. Rhodes' striking personality stood
out in bold relief this week against the
political background of minor interests.
The press of three countries, Great
Britain, Germany and France, was full
of him. His visit to Berlin marks an
important onward step in the Anglo-
German understanding, and the French
papers realize this, and the idea that
the assistance of Germany might even
tually be counted upon in a war be
tween France and Great Britain is
preposterous.
The Figaro sees in Mr. Rhodes' re
ception at Berlin sure proof of a secret
convention between Great Britain and
Germany, while the Temps says:
"Frankly, it is impossible to overrate
its importance. It is plain proof of
Emperor William's desire for a rap
prochement with Great Britain, and the
power and \welght of such a combina
tion cannot be exaggerated. It ought
-to furnish food for reflection for those
who fancied that France only had to
make overtures in order to bring Ger
many to her feet, and who, acting un
der this delusion, have been striving to
bring about a rupture with Great Brit
ain."
Mr, Rhodes, however,. has not yet ar
' ■ ADVERTISEMENTj^_______ _- —
nnriT i nnrno on Sa|e Be s in 'f
BREAI LtAUtKo mi To -Morrow. I
I _^_ ____jl_ ~ ~ '• i
I SILK DEPARTMENT. DRESS GOODS DEP'T. I
nam ffe'^»S rf IWeSS
1 Fniitnrrl* beautiful designs; latest DreSS Goods, colorings; rich ma- )
g0n.,., »vC_B , -!_; 7sc\£?'' on as..."* c/?.^
§ Greens and Grays, also 't/\j ~ -.-.•■-.-.-. A .. su it ml% o__
g new satin striped foulards: A ° . |tr i/ — — 1
I on sale at Yard j
4 C--^-^A,«« Velouetti. a new fabric | _ . _ , Just opene d. Novelty
I Something for wa ists. This mate- black Black Creponnes, .in \
\ A/a.,/ rial has a .beautiful , /»„„„_ rich mohair figures; 5
New. silk finish, and has the Creponnes. new de . mja<fnn
appearance of all silk vel- /n /| __ k signs; 42 inches wide; hrI.UU I
\ vet; in all the new spring fa MX f\ worth $1 50. On sale at aj% #
shades. Special at...---- •-• \J %J> \f ........ A Yard T^ ' — i —
s Yard I
B'S/ack^'^^? * la % A L_re k d Silk and Wool %?£^£%w?- I
BiaCK satin Duchesse in figured p nes - in striped, figured I
C.'/t- scroll bayadere ef- *J £-_ ; LrepOnneS. an j corde d effects, the
i , L eC -i% For tS /DC handsomest suits for the faf\f)f)
•% value at $1-00. For to # %J i/ season; over 15 patterns \" 'J ,U U \
morrow at "tara to select from: 6 yards to M __ |
— — - .yy. a suit. Special at, a Yard ~ sj
Great Sale of Ladies Hosiery. D omeslh~Ba~rgams.
\An immense purchase from the man- 50 doJ_ "i™ good.^ large. |
ufacturor of Ladies' fine quality Ho- 50 dozen extra good, large,
"iery at a great discount enables us heavy Bath Towels; the 2oc
\ to offer you the following: kind (for to-morrow only) flj C g
3 300 dozen Ladies' fine quality fast [ -,V G ce_*6S-in eh' extra' fliie qual'- £
black Cotton Hose, drop stitched, Jiigh 50 pieces M* men amask bleached *
5 spliced heels and toes; O /I _* Table Linen; newest designs; OC- [
1 good value at :soc .spec- jf 1] C fegular value $1 25 a yard, at C E
gial while they last at %J \J %s 2QQ quallty> flne |
alr Linen Napkins, full % size; S
£ . choice patterns; to match _^ 8
| Important Sale of Ribbons. aboVe .. l A n ? n ;.. s . pe . c l l D_=_en |
I 100 boxes of and toes, All Silk. Satin 300 Table Linen; - inch English OC. «
good value at 50c. spec- _<#//^ regular value $1 25 a yard, at °^ C
ial while they last at %J U U 200 S extra qualify, fine
trajT Linen Napkins, full \ size;
choice patterns: to match
Important Sale of Ribbons. above linen, special «^ $2 .50
100 boxes of Black. All Silk. Satin 300 p i er es 36 - inch English
"i and Gros Grain Ribbons will be sold Long Cloth, very fine qual- j
beginning to-morrow at the following ity; 12 yards to a piece. *
! unprecedented prices: Regular value, $2.00. Spec- XJ AQ \
X xv, ? * Vi 5 7 ial for this week.... A Piece * ' '™ 1
t>._^'_ .in„ 4L --Ar. TOe 1000 pieces best quality 36-inch £
a Piece .{Op 4oc «>t»c *ut Percales in all the new \
X 200 pieces of No. 40. Black, Satin shades of Heliotrope. Pink, E
i Gros Grain Ribbons, extra Blue, Lavender; over two -.
I quality; worth 35c, at QQc two hundred different styles. 10 1 c \
S Yard *- v " Price '*-2 v ' \
I 300 pieces No. 60 (5 inch) Satin- 50 pieces' White Pique, heavily S
j and Gros Grain Ribbon, QR C corded. Regular value 30c Qoc \
\ worth 50c, special at.... Yard ■** yi * Special at xara ■%
I 200 pieces No. 60, double-faced _, , D.7/« ..,«-,„«„
I Satin Sash Ribbon, all silk; Sheets and HIIIOWCaSeS. k
fi worth SOc, special at.......... 25c All of our Sheets and Pillow Cases
I lara ; are made of best quality of Sheeting, \
a torn by hand, dry laundered with 5
! Embroidery Sale. a 2 lncri hem ' ready for use H em- [
j 10,000 yards Embroidery Edgings in ghee's Hemmed, stitched. £
a new patterns (manufacturer's sample " ' ' ort q-v 471, $
5 pieces), each containing from 4to 4% 63x90 >>^V 2 rSAg^
yards. slightly Imperfect, will be 72x90 4-% .0-%
f closed out at one-half their real value. 81x90 C-t-y ' ''/,'-> t
I 200 pieces Embroidery Insertions 90x90 52% .0-.%
; fn new open work designs puinu/rntps I
I from Ito 2 inches wide, at Ol c "lUZ"™*™; -, o_£ 1 rti ?
3 15c, 12% c, 10c and Yard °3 C 45x38% 12% .li%
I ■-.''■■, 50x38% 15 .20 \
I I nrft'oo' Latest style made of 54x35% I*o 2-3 22%
a t-uuiea extra quality serge j
5 -O-oee C_'//»/c ln Navy and Black; n/„_/; Latest styles, corded
i UreSS OKiriS. brald trimmed; lined OiaCK fronts, lined through-
I 6E.9 5 \SM WuStS.^ril. ® X .25 \
I $8.50. Special for to- «/J ZJ regular value $7.50. For |/1 ■# |
I morrow at t^ *^ 'to-morrow Each ~ |
I SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. I
I COUNTRY ORDERS 4 RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. |
yards. slightly imperfect, will be I <2x90 4-% -'J- 2
closed out at one-half their real value. • 81x90 *»T"V_ ' , J.>'f
200 pieces Embroidery Insertions 90x90 sJ_'-_ .6—%
in new open work designs ; p:i/ nu/r „ V p>!
from Ito 2 inches wide, at Ol - r. no "cases.
15c, 12% c, 10c and Yard °3 L 45x38% I^% .I^%
50x38% 1 •> •■^"
I nriin* Latest style made of I 54x38% l<i 2-3 _J2%
L.UUieo extra quality serge !
-n-_.ee Slrinie ' m Navy and Black; j n/_,__. Latest styles, corded
UreSS OKiriS. b rald trimmed: lined OiaCK fronts, lined through-
,T U r^v Pcr b C o a vu l n n d c an fvo C rt r h QC 95 ! Silk WaiStS. g»« O /T. 25
$8.50. Special for to- |/J /J * j re gular value $7.50. For t/J ■/
morrow at T"" *^ i to-morrow Each —
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
IMyM_|_lM_**_-_--«---^^ -— **M"BMMMMMMM^
ranged a hard and fast agreement re
specting the Cape to Cairo railroad.
Politically Mr. Rhodes and the Em
peror have agreed, but financially their
arrangement is hanging fire and the
negotiations between Mr. Rhodes and
a German syndicate respecting finan
cing the German portion of the road
have not yet been concluded, though
Mr. Rhodes has expressed the hope
that an early agreement will be ar
rived at. 7, _, ,'
Further, it appears that Mr. Rhodes
expressed astonishment at the German
Emperor's surprising knowledge of the
details of the matter, and German offl-'
rials in their turn, were surprised at
Mr. Rhodes' candid allusion to future
political projects, including an Anglo-
German partition of Portugal's East
Africa possessions, which Mr. Rhodes
fully expects that Portugal will be will
ing to sell the two powers within three
years. At present Mr. Rhodes is in
Amsterdam arranging for the financial
support of the Dutch financiers.
GENERAL ANDERSON
IS COMING HOME
MANILA, March 18. — The entire
American force has been reorganized,
two divisions of three brigades each
being formed. General Lawton to-day
assumed command of the First.Divis
ion, which consists of the Washington,
North Dakota and California Volun
teers, under General King; six troops
of the Fourth Cavalry; the Fourteenth
Regiment; the Idaho Volunteers and a
battalion of the lowa troops, under
General Ovenshine; the Third and
Twenty-second Regiments of Infantry,
and the Oregon Regiment, under Gen
eral Wheaton, and Dyer's and Haw
thorne's light batteries.
General Mac Arthur's division con
sists of two batteries of the Third Ar
tillery, the Kansas and Montana Vol
unteers, under H. G. Otis; the Colorado,
Nebraska and South Dakota Regiments
and six companies of the Pennsylvania
Regiment under General Hale; the
Fourth and Seventeenth Regiments, the
Minnesota, and Wyoming Volunteers
and the Utah Artillery.
A separate brigade will be assigned
to provost guard duty consisting of the
Twentieth and eight companies of the
Twenty-third Regiment of Infantry.
General Anderson, now in command
of the First Division of the Eighth
Army Corps, will return to the United
States in accordance with the order of
January 24.
An attack was made by the rebels
yesterday upon the battery at Lena
Church, but they were repulsed by the
Pennsylvanians with heavy loss. Lieu
tenant Thompson and Privates McVay
and McCanse of Company C were
wounded. '7-7*7- •■'■ ''''-■'■.
A gunboat with a company of the
Twenty-third Regiment on board ls
now on the lake attacking the small
towns. She was last heard of off Mor
ong and Santa Cruz. 7.-V.
RED CROSS TO NEGOTIATE
RELEASE OF PRISONERS
MADRID, March 18.— Minister of
War,- General Polavieja, it is an
nounced, has received a dispatch from
the committee of the Red Cross So
ciety of Geneva giving him notice of
the convocation of its general assem
bly for the purpose of appointing dele
gates to negotiate for the release of
Spanish prisoners in the hands of the
Philippine rebels. '7-7 ■" ' ' :f ''y
WASHINGTON, March Miss
Clara Barton has received the follow
ing cable:
Clara Barton, Washington: Negotia
tions begun for pecuniary ransom of the
prisoners In the Philippines Interrupted
by General Otis because he feared the
sums offered would be employed against
his troops. We pray you earnestly in
tercede with your Government to insure
triumph of humanity. With profound
gratitude, MARQUIS VILLABOS.
vy.yy President Spanish Red Cross.
The cablegram has been communi
cated to the Secretary of War.
1 i
i
I
'
■
I
>
!
5
i
■
L
-
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~~~~~ ". -—.vi ]
I NEW SHADES, I
NEW STITCHINGS, |
NEW STYLES
GLOVES
FOR—
EASTER
:?.£-, :-.''■ - -" ' .'
800 MARKET ST.,
Corner Grant Avenue,
Mail Orders Filled.
i
•" PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK. ' >
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Years .  ~
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD. GLASS, METAL, STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES: makes a perfect
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any ft bee
paint, stands COO DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out scaling.
BEAUTIFUL, ARTISTIC. DURABLE,
WASHABLE. Prevents * BARNACLES ani
FOULING In SALT WATER, CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEG.--.
MOID?"
WESTERN AGENCIES C 0..-'
r.i and 62. Chronicle Building. 3. F.
STANDARD MIXED /..
PAINT!
$___» &
JL Gallon
. . .<*!•:■'. ■''■'...-.'-'■■ '"'
Money Back If You Don't Like It.
Colors and Booklet. "Cost of Painting," Free.
MANUFACTURERS:
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., S.F.
710 to 716 Broadway, Oakland.
Use '?**% Use*
Woodbury's to* 6 »| Woodbury's
Faoial Soap. y^y.. Faoial Cream.
Scalp diseases, falling hair, baldness, prema-
ture graynes3 quickly cured, and the luster,
natural growth and color, restored by JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d Lt.. New York, and
163 State st.. Chicago. Send 10 cents for Beauty
Book, and receive sample of Soap and Cream.
free.BOYS INDULGE IN
PUGILISTIC BOUTS
Los Aogeles Police f^aid a Baro
Where F ghtiog Is in
Progress.
LOS ANGELES, March 18.— More tha.n forty boys, ranging in age
from 12 to 17 years, crowded the loft of a barn In Boyle Heights and
witnessed pugilistic contests by youthful slopgcrs. There was a roped
arena, towels, bottles, sponges and all other accessories of a prize
fight, and there were fighters, seconds and time-keepers galore. Two
youngsters fought a six-round draw, and other preliminaries had been
pulled off when the crowd of boys that swarmed around the barn at
tracted attention to the juvenile pugilists, causing a squad of police to
appear in response to a telephone message.
- The policemen entered without paying, the price being a nlckle, and
Jumped into the ring at a moment when the principals of the main con
test, stripped to the skin, had Just marched to the center and were
going It hammer and tongs. They declared the fight off and arrested
seven of the principals, who were taken to th« police station. They
gave as their names: Walter Greening. Walter Relnachild, Robert Cole
man, Clarence Reese, Jerome Raleigh. Plumber Montgomery and Rob
ert Valle. «"
The youngsters had been fighting in bouts for several hours and the
bloodshed was considerable. Arnica, courtplaster and hot bath 3 were
greatly in evidence ln many fashionable east-side homes after 4:30
o'clock this afternoon.
ABANDONED BY
INDIAN GUIDES
Prospectors Cast Adrift
in Alaska.
SAVED BY A MISSIONARY
DE____OIOTJS AND TJNCONSCIOITS
WHEN FOUND.
Travel for Weeks in a Northern
Wilderness and Are Near to
Death When Aid
Comes.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
SEATTLE. March 18.— Francis A.
Holterman. who has just arrived here
from Copper River, Alaska, tells a
story of the fortunate rescue of him
self and son by a missionary after they
had been abandoned by Indians whom
they had employed to guide them to
the coast.
Holterman, with his son Bernard.
James Morris and Angelo Jenkins, were
prospecting on the Altesek River. Their
provisions were reduced to a six days'
supply and they arranged with a party
of Indians to guide them to Yokutat,
about fifty miles down the coast. The
Indians compelled them to leave their
baggage behind, which they afterward
appropriated. After taking Hotter
man and his party down the coast a
short distance the Indian guides de
serted them in the expectation that
they would perish. Holterman thinks,
and that they would fall heir to all the
prospectors' effects. After traveling a
few weeks the party was found by Rev.
Mr. Hendrickson, a missionary of Yo
kutat Bay. Holterman and his son
■were unconscious and Morris and Jen
kins were both delirious. The miners
of Yokutat organized a party to pun
ish the Indians, but they had disap
peared. ~,~y,i ,
While wandering around Holterman s
son accidentally shot himself through
the wrist. Both Holterman and his son
are suffering from the effects of scurvy.
RAIN CHANGES THE
FINANCIAL OUTLOOK
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 18.— Cashier
Jack of the suspended County Bank says
the question of reopening the bank soon
will depend upon the actions of the direc
tors, who will meet shortly. The situation
has changed within the last few days, be
cause of the rain. When asked in regard
to the sale of beet lands which had been
pending during the winter he could not
cay whether the deal would be closed
now. It is late in the season to get the
land into shape for beets. Although the
sale is not acually off. he could not say
what action th.- prospective purchasers
would take. Mr. Jack added that since
the rains had changed the outlook from
gloom to brightness the bank had had
many inquiries for lands, and it was the
intention to dispose of as much as pos
sible and he felt confident a great deal
could be placed within a short time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEART DISEASE.
SOME FACTS REGARDING THE RAPID IN-
CREASE OF HEART TROUBLES.
Do Not Be Alarmed, but Look for
the Cause.
Heart troubles, at least among the
Americans, are certainly Increasing, and
while this may be largely due to the ex-
citement and worry of American business
life, it ls more often the result of weak
stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real organic disease Is incurable: but
not one case in a hundred of heart trouble
is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion is because both organs
are controlled by the same great nerves,
the Sympathetic and Pneumogastrlc.
In another way, also, the heart, ls af-
fected by the form of poor digestion,
which causes gas and fermentation from
half digested food. There is a feeling of
oppression and heaviness in the cheat
caused by pressure of the distended stom-
ach on the heart and lungs, interfering
with their action; hence arises palpitation
and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
making it thin and watery, which irritates
and weakens the heart. w _- .
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble is to Improve the digestion and to
insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use
after meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuarts
Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be found
at most, drug stores and which conta n
valuable, harmless digestive elements in
a pleasant, convenient form.
It is safe to say that the regular persis-
tent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at
meal time will cure any form of stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
Full sized package of these tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents. Little book on
Btomach troubles mailed free. Address
F. A Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
TRADE FIGURES
NOT CORRECT
Germans Argue on a
False Basis.
PORTER'S WORK HANDICAPPED
GOODS IN TRANSIT CLASSED AS
IMPORTS.
It Is Erroneously Asserted by Berlin
Officials That the Balance of
Trade Is Going Too Much
the American Way.
Copyrighted, 1899, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, March 18.— The newspapers
are discussing the chances of effecting
a commercial treaty with the United
States, taking as a basis the arguments
for and against the figures quoted by
Count yon Posadowsky-Wehner in the
Reichstag a month ago, purporting to
give the official statistics of the im
ports, and exports of Germany and the
United States. These are seriously in
correct and do not tally with the
figures furnished to Robert P. Porter
since he has been here by Oscar P.
Austin, chief of the Bureau of Statistics
of the United States Treasury Depart
ment. The latter has collected" official j
figures dealing with both fiscal calen- ;
| dars for the year 1898 and they both !
show an enormous discrepancy com- i
pared with the figures of Count yon i
Posadowsky-Wehner. The latter set i
forth that the excess of imports of
American goods compared with the ex
ports to the United States in 1898 was
507,500,000 marks, the imports being
852,000,000 marks and the exports 344,
--000,000 marks. According to the United |
States Treasury Department the Amer
ican exports to Germany during the
last fiscal year were about 624,000,000
marks, while for the calendar year they
were 172,000,000 marks below Count yon j
Posadowsky-Wehner's figures. This '.
enormous and unexplained discrepancy
is greatly hampering the negotiations
for a "commercial treaty and almost
bars Mr. Porter's way for the present.
Germany claims that the balance of
trade has lately been going, under the
| Dingley law, too much the American
I way to make a treaty under the ex
isting conditions profitable to Germany. ,
In proof of this the German officials
adduce the alleged enormous American
surplus, of __9_.
According to the American figures
I the excess of American exports to Ger-
I many during the ten years between 1888
! and 1898 is only $115,000,000, or less than
' the excess which Germany claims for
1898 alone. During 1889-90-91 and '93
; Germany exported an excess to the
! United States, while the annual aver
! age of America's excess of exports to
Germany for ten years is only a little
1 over $11,000,000, a trifle in so enormous
'■ a trade, of which, moreover, 2,240,000
i marks were raw material cotton, cop
■ per, tobacco and petroleum — from the
United States and produced in Ger
many, whereof the latter enhances the
value by manufacturing, showing that
trade with the United States was a
source of great profit to Germany in
stead of loss.
An American expert here has fur
nished the correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press with what seems to be a
i good explanation of the above discrep
ancy. Count yon Posadowsky-Wehner's
figures include among the imports from
the United States all goods passing
through Germany in transit, which
form a very large amount, but Just how ;
large cannot.be stated precisely.
The expert does not take into account
the fact that nearly the whole carry
ing of exports from the United States
to Germany is done in German vessels,
the profits of which are also large. A
German expert showed these figures to
a British statesman, and the latter,
after carefully studying them, said: "A j
magnificent showing for Germany. It
would be a magnificent showing for any
country."
According to the butchers' organ, the
Government has decided to place Amer
ican "hard sausage" on a higher tariff
as a luxury. This Increases the duty
from 17 to 60 marks per 100 kilos.
Referring to the visit here of Cecil
Rhodes, a number of papers have dis
cussed whether it would not be best to
Insist upon Samoa in exchange for Ger
many's consent to the building of the
Cape-to-Cairo railroad through Ger
man East Africa. The Deutsche Zei
' tung approves of the scheme.
In the meanwhile the United States'
Embassador, Andrew D. White, tells ]
the correspondent that though he has !
not received any recent instructions on j
the subject, he does not doubt tne cor- '
rectness of the dispatches -from Wash- :
ington saying the status quo will be
maintained at Samoa, and that Herr J
Solf, the new municipal president of
! Apia, will be confirmed by the United
'■ States and Great Britain. Mr. Whit-?
j added that Herr Solf seemed to be the
proper man for the position, and that
I if Mataafa behaves decently and if the
ineligibility of Malletoa Tanu be shown
there probably will be no objection to
Mataafa's continuance on the throne.
The Embassador further remarked that
so far, except with a possible singular
particular, it has been shown that Chief
Justice Chambers had behaved cor
rectly.
' The' Catholic press of Germany has
THE SA3-T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.. |
\c%rZetT Have You a Dress Fabric, Neckwear, I Hair Dressing and Manicuring
t carpus anaßu^sa Hbvb You b Br ess Fabric, Neckwear, wt s
* Again we have had to e_largfthe * mm** *»•____ «.„_«__» _«> — A __22rJ_! attendanCe - Po U ar
I Carpet Department. Our growing Carpet hWSll^^G^f Or i£<M*/??0-#f « Prices. :
J business With all classes of buyers com- maawawmwmamrmwmwm ■m^m.
£t pels us to keep greater varieties than Mmmmf _* _f__i ' {Men's and Women's
«. any other store in town, and Carpet dis- Bkrßy_?_f #_r_r "-^ «?__.-»__ ___»«—*. _; M
» playing takes space. Our reduo- WW 9***9, m 0/30& OStrgaMSa
* tions in Carpet prices for . T,j;»_'r^X.« .-.
_>> the Annual Maroh _»..**- puts lat^ color unoco- [) /\
* the Annual Maroh Sale puts - - late color Vici I jf\
»SSS*SSS' We Make the Greatest Easter Displays of www. H /A
I Tapestry ' Brussels- All-wool ■ —-. - «-_*- _r_n_____r ■_■#_-. __._(__. ♦«™LI c8 «_« I \ W
I surface, not printed goods-made te your F®Sh§®Bl, D^mtmGSS BHii ROSI WOrtH SS^KgS /4\ ffl
8r» measure complete on floor, including a *-.•■■'■- ... .. __ b , |A />' ___»fA
i _2i?g_i_______rJ_3aS_ Ever Seen in This City. yyrZe Pm
* SG-inch Reversible Ironclad ■ S : n *duS: IJ* I WsfeiW
* Brussels A fine assortment of pat- ftv _Vvlp* ,v,ane 1 'x^ l\ 0 I $TO
i r;;".S";S£; The Story Tola in These Columns To-Day Is ofthe Right Goods, Jig Li Igj/ Up \\
i Axminstor o'rpdts-xuo- at the Right Time and at the Right Prices. ?£'%s£%- \ J yJ '
§» lute y perfect and usually sold for $1 3d — m m . ._ mm . __» m »■__ __ 7 ._• i »^„ I a \ n
* styles that wagather-d at an off price- f PriCCS FOIMd Only HerCa tonishing y low Urrr^ » I -
' * artistic patterns and colorings laid and . ri j Ce_ _._ " I ¥ V_/
* lined, per yard... $1.10 __ B « ll » i _^ 1 -- B __ e ___-_-_^ , ■ and w.dths V / \S
J Art Squares -Serviceable in CALIFORNIA LARGEST— AMERICA' GRANDEST STORE. I "*iw s Dark V/
» many ways— just what you want as -..-__■ i__« _-__■ — __. /ra BT59*. rfg- __^_ ■_- __ _. __, _— d^„j __ -_ *T* Color
| ,™-b Coih, _to ado,, iiled fioor,. „ 7_**ft *. W|H K_F Hi __t>_l-l _t_> 1i i WkM 7>l i ™°K« S . S h„,--ed i „ m ba,,dog
*to _ioh over mat tmp-th. , pno_ of best seats 'l|fr * I Ifß _T^_f B_T I -_SS- ' ti and new royal to, and tip-«»ed
J .em., are oxcedtagly and tho pat- in Theaters HsliS/ *■ " B " l ■«% -I liJ f^f and Friday welt eolos-.hap.lv lasts, and in th.
* are new and effects. on Stffe. ■ I |P^ i3-_f!i<d l^g Announcements X ff \„ d ~«J^ SL sLTs-all sizeTand
* B» ft Ss::::*a_ a,»fe:::..*__ °" ic/^* P P 1 * Ooldcfl Rule Bazaar. y -s__ style in mens fine ....... ..«-^_
-&. SxTU feet....§2.f25 9xlOV, feet $3.25 P** SCBSE^_S __*»-£--_-_? -_BL-_-l-' • **^l widths $3.00
fr 9*12 feet 93.75 I l_^ |MaM^ HIH|BaaiMBH^ H .^p^aH^M^^^MM : : : : 'T^rfi
* ~ There' s &Co Tlenyinz It ! The newest, «•«<_?€_ |T_9 hi I*lo*4* tn 55_S__S_i____i
%_f __1 B ate Neckwear __5«S_«. r*e nfew c«r*a/» *';* ff ee"' c " k f, * r »** • F * a » * fC « —^^
J Are the pret- , w While our buyers have bent every energy toward selecting the best
» * Only the worthy, only the fashionable represented in this unique and tiest and lowest IjP^l^ ,_-, and handsomest of the myriads or silks and dress goods offered to
J charming collection, which is probably the largest — r^|fe priced that we $$&?>•'s<& yy them, we -^ aye not forgotten to keep prices small. Read these items :
i- certainly the prettiest— to be found in town to-day. jS^\ Francis^ostore _Jl_li__-_|j(K7» 21 " inch Fancy White Corded Stripe Silk with dainty black hair 'line uin
* Black Liberty Silk Collarettes-made up extra full, with long . f*£g&ft has ever shown. /r7H^5/U f A groMds ° £ B1 " e ' L^° n : Hel,o i. ro _* an { Pink : veT beautiful-per yard.. $1.35
t pleated ends of same material— a very fash- Ui&J&SBk, Spring stock is ' / feK^/A 21 - inch Fane - V Stripe Taf fota- with small embroidered polka dot ; very
J _ , ionable neck dressing $1.25 /^^rf now compete. li ///M'^ym\ dressy and stylish for shirt waists ; new shades of Bluet, Modes, Green, Pervenche.
* z£mL Liberty Ik Jabots and Stock Collar made %y^^-!L. Genuine ]p^^jA'yy&\ \ etc.— per yard &1.4&
* y^ls&K with Cascade of same material and neatly C sel3 Lace Cur- ' ' /7'7y*' 3'; \ 22-inch Glace Stripe Silks— very rich luster, 3 different stripes, a good
* ___i^%*^) trimmed in narrow feather edge ribbon — \. sdjj&xrih tains, beautiful- x / pT&ST'-tTtiOi \ wearing and extremely stylish silk— ocr yard $1.00
* sr*tPy~7rßrr Cream, Pink, Btue, Cerise $1.75 y /f |»^S^^_^ ly patterned— ' ' "'"'yyy- i, I 20-inch Black Ground Taffeta Silk— with small Jacquard colored figures in
J '2^-^ :i C^_Q Latest style twice around Scarfs made. of ' •ffSSSr^^^"**') made to wear— new shades of Cerise, Purple, Turquoise ani Green— per yard _?_»C
J S s>|§ fine wash Blonde with prettily embroidered '/jgjSpr / , 3H yards by 89 tadtee. . ■***% pair 24-inch Black sa*f/ff D«Clf©SSe -extra heavy and superb finish ; a reliable
& i- _f ends— choice selection at l M*? ,f *- '// J 3* >aras '* w mene "«• _ , n _„ a fabric for drpss skirts and waists— Der yard $1.00
i * 3l - § $1.25, 75c, 65C and 50C 'ML 7 J Handsome Lace Curtains— m real Brus- fabnc for dress sKirts ana waists per yara... ......... ."i
* \y^A "The" v;.y newest Stock Collars and Jabot M V B els effects-3^ yards by 50 inches- 23-inch Black SWISS Taffeta-^ soft, rich lustrous and very serviceable
* JS^IL combined-made of white lawn and net- M pair 54.75 cloth, made expressly for dress skirts and shirt wa.sts-per yard 75c
I* P^^^-^^Moundations trimmed in edge of valenciennes /' ' Genuine Battenberg Lace Curtains— ; 44-inch all-wool Novelty Plaids— designs and rich colorings— blues,
1 * j^S^-F***Vv^iace or embroidery— at 75c and SOc none more popular at the present time browns, greens and reds. An extra value at the introductory — per yard. 75c
I *mWfl 'tiA' „._ 7 ■ cV'Wrn n"„ T-W -,-,_ St £rt_ by 50 Inched .77 ! p-4r 46-inch Fancy O«omafts-p!ain spring shades of tan, pearl, gray, and
: '__ !-2*«2_»r^ The Czarme Stock Collar 1 and Jabot-made 3^ >*««« gso tache _..»_Tjsj pair Napoleon blue— also stylish mixtures in navy and gold, black and white, green and
» i-y^yT vof Duche69e Satin-higb collann all the new a 3^ \- ar<i , by 52 inch., ..#13.50 pair and ._ . )ver and - gen _ a complete dress pattern for $5.10
: I sggyr^ co s°i;Kck c.iiaVs whh five"^SSkSZ - C a h 4 r yir n £ »™^l^Elk 46-inch all-wool cove* O/or/r-stylish mixtures for tailor suits in shades
* Aft. inches high-exceptional J "fiS « jSffi g g SSC:::ftB S- ° r ° yal bIU6 gf3y ' 1? J^-J "S?"' / dre ; 3 J**™"": • $5 10
* Empress Pleating-a new style shirred all over material, 18 ZZ&W*, Arabian Lace Curtains-S^, yards by 46-inch Chevron Striped Suiting- shades of blue, gray, tan. iron and
* /TV inches wide, liberty silk in Black, fZj#/£$J en - n»r nair SI2 50 Bteel8 teel gray and reseda— _ dress pattern for $6.00
t /'7\ I Cream and all the new colorings— V-__^J7 3 &-inch Plain Denims— alVcolon I5C' 50-inch Diagonals- for spring wear— the colorings navy, brown, hunter's
_- W/S/i' '*>• X x x per yard \Y'l $ 0 5F^ '**! 36-inch Plain and Printed Burlaps green, pearl gray and tan— complete dress pattern $6.25
J #/ f, > \ \\ 150 dozen ecallop?d fmbroid- <5 J^ P ..20c 44-inch Wool and Mohair Black Crepon— the blister effect in neat, stylish
* 7/ J '// \ ered_ sheer lawn Handker- ohy^J ""^iMiT-Dottidor Figu : red'Swis3.|2!.C patterns— per yard $1.25
* Js3 I, 7 » X Chiefs — latest patterns— >^^^ Point d'E-prit Net 25c and 3©C 44-inch Wool and Mohair Black Crepon— a splendid quality in a good
__ J>-W ■'• '' >*^\ each •••""••-"•• m_»___° "3?^*-^^_felf Point d'Esprit Ruffling variety of styles-per yard $1.50
1 *&s*%& *.™ n -?l ? ™H™l£!!Z~, lOC, 12 ,C and ISC 44-inch Wool and. Mohair S#aO«r Orapon-the blister- effect, with a high
J lßS3&^&y*J^ %m\U&-BXCBiS^!- *&ESr M Table _ CoverS ' tor dinin g- roon l and very handsome luster-per yard *_?.00
* %fe^*#^ fach cxce P tlona g» *^5§ tables-f ringed -new patterns-special 44 . inch Wool and Mohair fllaclr Orepon-has the appearance of the silk
£ ""-—^—*- eac. .„ » » Off value, each .....52.50 and wool goods-per yard *$_?.-? 5
* 65 dozen sheer Linen Lawn Handkerchiefs- |g^ P W r J fflT W /wf-liJ - 44-inch Silk and Wool Black Souffle an entirely new and handsome
J handsomely trimmed i borders of Point d*Esprit footing and nee Fagdais, Dr*p<rus, etc., at very lex fig { ™.™^ * n great demand ; an excellent varietyof patter a -per yard... &2.00
J insertion effects with neat Valenciennes edge— each 350 *** ures. J "'""' "" & J y * ** .
* J^J^ff'-^e, I tt^ a /_' Damaged Crockery, _=» a-Tc_S^_,
J anu „ y . p.. _j__ --. r«-«««'mr fMondav Mo ninz and continuing as long as x2»==^=^-^^ The new designs for 1899 have ar-
* French Morocco Bagster Bible-size <&&&>> _^ LV. '%%\™»' *„"-■ '", - rtllo , r ; n ny^ Pro-kerv. <^S^T^*> rived. Hood Carriages range in price
* B,xss inches-divinity circuit, red un- #JW , the lot lasts, we shall offer a large collection of Crockery. §?|£!§t=<_^ from $6 to $35 each. Parasol Car-
£ der gold edges, linen lined— publisher's yU \£( Gl.ssware, Ornaments and Bohemian Vases that have been _£^A?^i)<3^S riages from 53.75 to $35. lUus-
price $2.lo— our price.:.......... 95c |>» <__^_b L.^f^ chipped, cracked or otherwise slightly damaged during the . <7^V-^!__^ \3l trated Catalogues free on application. *
A French Morocco Bagster Bible, same as > ""S TS v J \\ vv _ . .. . m „ -,»-_ ♦-;«_ nf what- th-v <N /-*-^-*^?t^ : ->s'f/ I v j - <- • •t j _
J above, except leather lined-publisher's -^ V- VR )) past year, at prices that will be a mere trifle of what th-> *^ *\ y^ 3hC\\&l Hood-top Carnage, varnished . reed
» price $2.35 -our price SI.IO Vy gK AM C ki would be if goods were perfe.t. It is remarkable what a U/^^-«^2__--__^/ body, figured sateen upholstering, hood
* FuU Line of alt s, {i and gra.es a.,d fjM ( {*? IT tf- / 'arge amount of this class of g^ois gets slightly injured in t? a J^^^^k J ne d > ™' ehb ° d / Bteel BprU, s.2 h SjS
I M^W^J^^MC^ >>*^Sft_S/ storedisplav. This assortment includes hundreds of useful . ■%.*&]£_??§■ »£ foot brake only :"^ e - 0^
T Complete assortment of Episcopal If (To \'?&l*%'-' •., »* ' .. , j-_.-^- 0 „o-_ 0 of^ "ptr ,is«_r?^ i*£fe*\ ,// Hood-top Carriage, varnished reed
1 £ Prayer Books. Hymnals of the new and /iVt-Al. W articles, cups and saucers, dishes, jardinieres, vases, etc., etc. J&F^W*?Wf body, tapestry upholstering, with plush
: J standard designs, marked to sell at our A l£=f \y-^J our ,ast collection of damaged Chinaware, almost as large as <Tl ' 1 2>f\^T roll, hood lined to match body, patent
: » usual telling prices. C& ?t) this, was closed out in a few hours. Take the hint. ' V=-f hub, rubber tire, steel wheels, scroll
i » Our stock of Catholic Prayer Books s^zZ* Vs., : — _ — —^ -£—. :-7 spring, patent brake $9. 50
* contains many sizes and editions at ~~Some Dimtv Much-in-Demind \ First S'lowingr &£ zi • Styles Another lilg Grocery Sale Parasol Carriage, varnished reed body,
;* prioes which range from 20c to $4.50. White ' Wash Goods. "Premiere Gloves" Hams, Flour, Etc. Bedford cloth upholstering, lace-ccvered
I Easter Care/8 ant/ flooor. White WSSh GOOOSa Premiere L* lOVeS HamS, tlOUr, .Lit*. parasol, steel wheels and spring 55.50
1 lets-2. charming assortment of the White French Organdies— sheer -in Our own importation -made to our . The five spec \a\z offered for Monday Largest assortment in city of Baby
* newest creations of Hagleberg and other weave— evenly spun thread from best I order- The Premiere —the satisfactory I and the entire week will appeal to every Carriages, all furnished with patent foot *
* famous card designers. Prices, So Egyptian cotton— 63 inches wide— ncr real French Kid Glove for ladies. Just housekeeper in California. We ye never brakes
*to $2.00. yard •* 40c received a complete line of new colors offered better values. ( .
fr ( Fine White Organdies— sheer and ef- ; new embroideries— >.v:ry pair fi'T'f ™<* \ Emporium Eastern Hams— none better ' -r 4
* Boys' and Youths' fective— made from best Sea Island cot- , guaranteed— per pair $1.50 | —regularly 12^c lb— this week lOc ?
* r afi #A,. ClntHintM. ton— inches wide— per yard 20c __ -- **^_ ____,-* Emporium Family Flour— the equal to
T MOiCf waaaaaamjm Persian Lawns-fine imported goods— | 11/3011 S \OOIOreU any— only words of praise from hundreds J{ Do Ten Items From
* Pretty Novelties — handsome j n soft cream or whit?— inches wide— ; CAi'h#c at SSC. of our customers who use it— this week
J' staples, new sailor suits, new peryard 25c *™ rw - You look for 50-lb sack for 80c Hardware Dep t.
* middy suits, new 2-piece suits ar- Long Cloths— soft finish-36 inches f^ much of a colored .Morning Beauty Sugar Corn— =^ The new Im-
t riving daily.. from leading Eastern wide-a grade that will wear weU-jer JiL x^ shirt at 95c. No and sweet-regularly 10c can-th,s /\fijp_ -«- roved ,„ " U ? :
*f „,__*,„ ** piece of 12 yards Sbl.lO V^HlilgV /3«SK reason to do so as week ; ttC 1 7?5£:?777-T^'^* naversal Wash-
__ . m3nufac - ' ! White Dimities-in neat stripes »nd Jg^^ Ssffoamone c" Vulcan Matches-regularly 7c package ; "> like picture,
I x-V_iT.il «vlV7\\ i plaids, fine and serviceable, per yard.. Of. _K/>'-^^^ c nsive shirt m-n | for sc, or gross, regularly Boc, for- 55 C IL-, rrf^ cleanses clothes
JWe shall <n_#ftr#VV\ i^ ,7, „ , ■ |«S Lt here if a 95- - Pure California Olive Oil-large bot- \TT XVJT icklv without
* gr^ier J^fj^i^JL £.!£."* tles-regularly 60c-while supply .gj iL^VA W and is a
* assort ■F^?"' WOOI BlanketSa the rut. Made from : 50 ° /Q__T\\ \\ P" eat paver ° f
* ment than 7tjM >v< _j ; - f! Fine White Oregon-made Blankets, fine quality French ' Our Latest Importations, LL^ \\ U labor and money,
{ ever, an «£> fej fe '*: first-class in every respect, except slight percale in brand new spring patterns, UUr IMiesi mwot iuaun>, y^ V_U_ - price complete..
A assort- •"feri- J^sL;lr-. ■■ imperfection in finishing, at less than the w ; t stripes running across bosom— make Spriltff UntlerWGarm , — — ——0i1. 7 5
J men, iD /^#il«- ! "'r" 1 *«, ROm nair _--- and fit eq^.al to any 41.5.. shirt shown in dies - Ira orted Swis3 Ribbed Cash- woo.ent^ 8^ 1 »l "5
J JS'Sr ™:*WI tS:SSfeSSfcS£HS£SS fc^'^-'^^a?
* ever 1 1= 3U3n^rl 5-lb weight. 66x80 in., pair.. .-53.95 a# 25 C-Just received from New York ne f f D v,^v n,*nt T-^ ?flp,h pShSIOO Ca^entert 5aw.....: 50c
* TZma JBm . -S-awaa^iJS *^&£Tf ?*FS M^ H £h*iiriSSi"*-__ , B x 7 4 a ? h c
J trade- -p^^^mTlWX • 'n grays, ox lords and browns, these two Hose -high-spliced heels, double soles V ests, low neck, no sleeves, colors pink, nfak e » with 18- inch ife^T
J goods a \4fW\nMP^^ specials: -.'.--.,■ . and fast black-they are the sort we sk blue> lavender> corn , white and black, "*-^ 'econom ca o *^f____l__-J *
I little \l/I-iHLr^_in^ Brown Fine Wool Blankets, siza <2x84 ourselves have retailed at 3oc-pnce "J. UIU ' ' $ 0 o ,7 ,TT ttl » '
A better. J^^^e^ inches, weight 9 lbs, solid and warm per -m now on^l be^-..--^..-^ B^"_ffl^*Biik"_id Lisle "£$ tainted
* workman- T^- P a ' r " ;v"7"_V'TT •-> 'Windsor Ties, SOC ,j^ Vest low neck no i ee ve3, pink no in any nart '^'"^^I^IO
* ship bet- •>* :84 inChe3 ' weightlllb,per P 'MM ha ndsoLst line of arge shipment o: Ties ; blue ; t fancy e(J d aro^ nd "X "complete fori WashS^S?
I ter ' -<* • 84 lncheS ' weight 11 lbs, per p_air.so-00 handsomest line of Boys U indsor^Ties neck Md each.7.. 40c W^i^Z^S
I{ES we think, than similar qualities ** Jrmeto Buy SefSe-^Z" SSSSL' -_ | The Very L^ tn ,H^ f ' °° at Han^ ** £
* can be bought for elsewhere on the coast. n Wall Papera f ' best choice-p-ice 50c .- . » o||| | NotlOttS v^lT'nol'''^'V''h''''C''7
J New Navy Blue bailors... - 1 jto $10. This is the season oi the year for .   .. . . • ***■■*""*' Mtf NOUOIIS Po,shed oak Ha t large 4lOr
* New ail-wool fancy Cheviots in Sailor cleaning and brightening up the home, ThtS /^-A* S Specials Vl Moreen \e.ours. the very newest skirt hooks .40c
* style $3.45 to $8.50 am} pap er . hang 4 i 8 ff order . Take a , WMskeV and WlllCm hnin *?' the ne / shades of purple ' fe / ff -. wS?«« Q R Pull
* $5.00 will be the price of our popular 100k P P these special offerings: -Tn»«e_/ «*"■* if « T e tc. per yard...... 20c | - .^^ Wcklesa Blue Flame
J lines for boys 3to 10 yeirs-an assort- Fine heaw gilt sat i finished Wall. Famous Wilson Pure Rye M Jupon Skirt Lining in black grounds with * ,r_______3--r«r' "" Stove like pic-
J ment of positively aU-wool materials in Paper , suitable for parlors, dining-rooms j Whiskey-distillery bottling ffl ' pretty bright stripes, per yard..^..-. 15c TpT^g £ nre ~*°: /er
J every called for coloring, newest weaves an s halls, handsome designs an( f • color- -well-aged-perfect flavor- f S Electric Striped Skirting, per yard...2sc .fl hour and absolu tdy
» and patterns-ask for our suits » at..ss 00 . regularly 20c per roll, to-morrow regularly $I.2s^bottle . ... Jgl Belts genuine leather, each ...... 20c *,\ J . safe ... . ...55.00
* All-wool 2-piece Suits-whole tables and duriL the week . Wo ! $1.05 / s**^,. •* Hat Buckles, each 25c to 55.00 WLh__^^UL Rubber Force
* full of new styles ; double-breasted coats Dainty Bedroom Papers in new and I " Port Wine-good qua.ity— /=iAi Belt Buckles, each.... 15c to $5.00 •fn^f">-T^ifJ C«ps-they save the
* and knee pants for boys Bto 16 years stylish designs, suitable colorings, such this week per gallon 55cfe^^ Collar . Stiffening, l he Vorwerk, yard.. 20c W^T^M £-S ;l^lS
J 52.45 $10 as green, tan, yellow, pink, etc., per Genuine French Vermouth -£%%$ " Taylor's Skirt Supporters, See ffl_ 1 I « the sink or wash
t Confirmation SUitS— roll. - •• ......6C to lOC -this week per bottle only- -r^m^;. Vnonttrato' m ctnter atsle. l^jg, M M bowl ,s stopped up
{ |&|g| hg^nS^ndSS Garter E astic silk mixed, yard lOc » ~~^ Enameled Tea Can-
» ««/ 0« fine /WO/, worsted or v > rM ___ lOc to 20c | Sauterne - pints- regularly V f/j | Finishing Braids, 6-yard pieces. -..-.....8c isters, 1-lb size .... .15c
* teree suits, suitable for confirmi- Lincrusta, 15c per yard and upward. $3.50 per dozen-this week... fe^rgy } I Good Satin Hose Supporters pair.....25c Four-burner Gas Stove, size of top 22 x
* tio Get our low prices in' Window Shades. ' $2.45 V **-^-=^ . ' Pompadour Hair Rolls 10c, 20c, 25c I 25 inches 54.50
devoted much space recently. to Arch
bishop Ireland and the question of
Americanism. The Cologne Yolks Zei
turg, the leading Catholic. organ, says:
"America and her unruly spirits will
-urely not be permitted to prescribe
to the church how to conduct herself."
The Emperor and Empress are due to
arrive at Kiel to-morrow and: will be
there for two days.
On Monday ' Prince Valdemar. eldest
son of Prince Henry of Prussia, who
was born at Kiel on March . 20, 1889,
formally entered the army and a depu
tation of ' the * First Guards Regiment
will go to Kiel in order to attend the
ceremony. .
The State Secretary of the Brunswick
Court. Herr Kennecke, has been ar
rested on the charge of lese majeste.
The Midland ship canal bill has been
presented to the Prussian Diet, accom
panied by a detailed memorial con
taining a mass of weighty data. The
sums needed amount to .-. 2,607,847,000
177 THE : EMPORIUM. .
marks. The plan provides for a net
work of canals touching at Dortmund,
Magdeburg, Osnabruck, Mlnden, Lin
denwueflfelhindesheim, Lehte and
Peine. The main canal is to be two
and a half meters deep, eighteen meters
wide at the bottom and thirty meters
wide at the surface. The state assumes
5,900,000 marks annual operating ex
penses and . the . provincial authorities
assume 5,400,000 marks. The canal will
effect a greatly needed reduction in
freights. __ ;
SLIGHT REDUCTION
IN INSURANCE RATES
Hre Underwriters Take Action Af
fecting Downtown Districts
in San Francisco.
DEL MONTE. March 18.— Board of
Fire Underwriters •of the Pacific- _ con
j 2 THE EMPORIUM. ;
cluded its last session at this place at 10
o'clock to-night and adjourned to | San
Francisco. This course was necessary for
the reasons— first, because the business
was unfinished and second, because the
members of the board cannot remain here
longer than to-morrow. Three long ses
sions were held to-day.
The morning session was devoted to fur
ther consideration of rates for San Fran
cisco which resulted in action making
some reduction of rates in downtown dis
tricts of the city, chiefly in connection
with what is called coinsurance. The
reduction will be made in some instances
only— not in all. The competition of board
companies with non-board companies
was given further consideration, but no
action beyond that of yesterday was
taken.
The chief question before the board at
both afternoon and evening sessions re
ferred to Insurance solicitors and was dis
cussed in two phases— first, as regards
compensation . to be paid solicitors.; and
second, as to qualifications needed to en
title a man to be a solicitor. No definite
action was taken in either.
The members of the board -will j leave
I THE EMPORIUM.
here to-morrow morning and open their
final session in San Francisco on Mon
day morning. The work there will consist
chiefly, says President Charles D. Haven,
of gathering up t.he threads of subjects
worked upon during the past week and
disposing of them for the coming year.
COUNTY GOVERNMENT
ACT DENOUNCED
Santa Clara County Citizens Ask Mr.
Gage to Veto the Morehouse
Measure.
SAN JOSE, March 18.— Senator More
house's amendment to the county govern
ment act giving Santa Clara County a
License Collector at $150 a month, a Pros
ecuting Attorney at $100 and the District
Attorney a clerk at $50 a month does not
meet the approval of taxpayers. Never
before has there been such universal con
demnation of 'a * measure, and its author
I THE EMPORIUM.
is undoubtedly the most unpopular Sena
tor-ever sent from this county. To-day
several hundred telegraph messages' were
sent to Governor Gage urging him to veto
the measure. The Farmers' Club and
the Republican Good Government League
adopted resolutions condemning the act
and have forwarded them to Sacramento.
By the terms of the bill the running ex
penses of the county are greatly in
creased, besides the creating of these use
less positions for three or four politicians,
if the measure be not vetoed the citizens
have expressed a determination to test
its constitutionality. "
Greely's Map of Manila.
WASHINGTON. March IS.— General
Greely. chief signal officer of the army,
has just reproduced a map of the Philip
pines, showing the towns that have been
occupied by the American forces and also
Laguna de Bai, together with a . small
map of Manila and neighborhood, show
ing • the character of the country. •". The
maps are well printed and are faithful re
productions of all the Spanish survey*.
56
SUNDAY MARCH 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE," Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. -5 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
y.'. Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL -.Including Sunday Call), 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *&*>
ei'XPAT CALL One Year • *-&°
WEEKLY CALL. One Year... I '°°
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will he forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ■■■■■■ 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote!
C. *C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ..........Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mootgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street open until
5:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open uotll 9-30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock-'
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 22°.' Market j
street, corner Sixteenth, open until* 9 o'clock- £818
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh !
street, ©pen uotll 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open j
until 9:30- o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock. ,
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Fedora."
Grand Opera— "l>es Huguenots" To-morrow Night.
Tivcli— "The Pretty Poacher."
Alcazar— "A Social Highwayman."
Orpheura— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "Dewey, the Hero of Manila."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
Native Sons' Hall— Concert.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. "W. I,ouderback— To-morrow, at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
Jtugs, at 123 Geary st.
By Jos. T. Terry— Monday, March 20, at 11 o'clock, at 419
Hyde street. Furniture.
By Yon Rhe in & Co.— Thursday, March 23, at 12 m., Real
Estate at BiS California street.
By G. 11. Umbsen & Go.— Monday, March 27, at 12 o'clock
m., at 14 Montgomery street. Real Estate.
POLITICS AND PORT CHARGES.
NOT since the disclosures made by The Call of
the jobs carried out in the construction of the
ferry depot has there been such a thorough
revelation of the waste of money by the Harbor
Commissioners as that set forth in the current num
ber of the Merchants' Association Review by John E.
Quinn.
The theme of Mr. Quinn's article is "Politics'and
Port Charges," and its object is to show that one rea
son why the commerce of the city is handicapped by
excessive charges is that the administration of the
water front is conducted, not in the interests of the
community, but of office-seekers and tax-eaters. As
Mr. Quinn says, •"There seems to be no interest in
anything but the political machine and how to pro
mote it."
The general charges of the paper are backed up by
specific statements of offenses. Thus it is said a
delegation of Los Angeles politicians demanded a
part of the water front spoils, and they were given
the office of storekeeper, with a salary of $175 a
month. To that there was added an assistant at $75
a month and a teamster at $125 a month.
Other examples are hardly less glaring. "A promi
nent politician demanded a place for one of his
her.chmen. There being no vacancy, the office of
grain inspector, at $100 a month, with nothing to do,
was created-. The superintendent of repairs receives
$200 per month, the assistant superintendent $150,
boss carpenter $100, janitor to take care of the office
(one room) $75— -$525 monthly for this department,
which the commission claims is a dead loss, as all
the work that they do costs the State three times as
much as it would if contracted for."
An itemized statement is given showing that the j
monthly salary roll of the ferry depot employes I
amounts to $2732 .30. while the total revenues de- !
rived from rents reach no larger sum that $1795, leav- j
ing a monthly deficit of $937 30.
.One of the notable disclosures of the article is that j
when asked why the Southern Pacific and other rail- j
roads were not paying their share for the maintenance |
of the depot, the secretary of the Harbor Commission
replied they had not been able to come to an agree- j
ment with the roads as yet. When further questioned
how they had arrived at the rent for the postoffice, I
news stand and others who were paying rent, the i
reply was that it was a mistake not to have had the ;
terms for the railroads arranged before they entered""
the building, but now that they were there the small
roads were pleading poverty, and the large one
claimed that it had not increased its business and
did not see why it should be compelled to pay inter
est on such an expensive structure.
Discussing the problem of a remedy for the evil
Mr. Quinn suggests the appointment of a strong
committee of investigation to collect all the facts
showing the abuses and then making on that foun
dation an appeal to the Governor for relief. In the
absence of any better plan that proposed ought to be
tried. It may prove, in the end, to be no more than
another kick, but that will be better than a silent :
submission to the wrong which by tolerating it con- i
sents to it. '•-
Jack Chirm of Kentucky has been indicted as a !
common nuisance. Certainly such a classification is ;
not flattering to a professional bad man. A fighter
who carries guns and knives must find that to be ar- ]
raigned like an organ-grinder or the promoter of a
cesspool involves humiliation.
P There will be no fault found with the police for
nabbing the bicycle riders who, unbelled and nitre- j
generate, try to promote the rate of mortality among
their fellow-men.
A crazy man is said to have appeared on the floor :
of the Assembly, during the final hours. The peculiar I
part of the incident is that he should have attracted i
any attention.
The awful fire which consumed a New York hotel j
demonstrated that the structure was never fit for the
purpose, and showed that any emergency will develop
heroes.
.
The average poolroom in San Francisco now con
sists, so far as the public can observe, of a sign, a i
.locked door and a pair of husky policemen.
';-■■ :-.yif.y-' » —
William Scott Lee, who wants the Mayor of Denver
hanged, was once Mayor of that city himself, and ap
parently remembers what he deserved.
— — ♦ '
General Eagan refuses to talk. It was only a short \
time ago that neglecting to refuse cost him a good j
Job. 7/\- ■ ...'■'-/.- I
TRIUMPH OF THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY,
THE defeat of Dan Burns and of the railroad in
fluence behind him is a marked triumph of the
Republican party. In the history of this State
it has not been paralleled. The railroad, during the
last campaign, deliberately cheated the press and the
people. It declared, through its representatives in*
San Francisco and all over the State,' in terms that
would bind the honor of any individual or organiza
tion, that it was out of politics. The moment the
election was over it did not even preserve the forms"
through which prudent men sometimes endeavor to <
conceal their lack of integrity, but arrogantly and
openly scouted its pledges and revealed the candidacy
of Dan Burns, which, to the last moment, it forced
upon the Legislature. That it ultimately failed is
largely due to the efforts of The Call and the Chron
icle, assisted by other Republican newspapers and the
mass of the Republican party.
We do not feel inclined to indulge in congratula
tions. It was a burning shame that a man like Dan
Burns, a mere creature of an unprincipled monopoly,
could maintain a deadlock and for two years deprive
California of half of its representation in the Senate
of the United States. Every man who voted for him
during the long and monotonous struggle that has
just ended was untrue to himself, untrue to his party,
untrue to his country," and controlled by influences
directly opposed to the public welfare. The only
ground for exultation is that, for the first time in the*
history of the* State, since the railroad assumed the
direction of its politics, that audacious and formid
able power "has been beaten. To elect a man who is
fit for the Senatorship was impossible without the aid
of th- Democratic minority, and from the beginning
to the end of the struggle the organ of that minority
used whatever force it possessed to assist the railroad
designs. Whatever the motives by which some of
them were actuated, at least fifty- five members of the
Republican majority were not captured for or by Dan
Burns, and while, as we have already suggested, this
number even if united could not have elected a Senator,
they were sufficient to prevent a secret caucus and to
maintain the honor and the integrity of their party.
Even the Examiner now, with all its unscrupulous-
ness, can scarcely have the audacity to claim that the
Republican State Convention of last year was manipu
lated by the railroad, or that the Republican party or
the Republican press deceived the people. With all
its money and with all its power, from twenty-four to
thirty legislators represented the entire delegation the
railroad was enabled to secure, and these sen-ants of
corruption lost their fight and individually and col
lectively will be promptly relegated to the obscurity
from which they should never have emerged. There
have been few sessions of the Legislature in which
more than thirty Democratic votes could not be relied
upon by the railroad.
Dan Burns is politically dead, and in the same-con
dition in which Lazarus was found after he had lain
four days in the tomb. He will never be resurrected.
The railroad power is disrupted. The history of the
legislative session will be an enduring and effective
lesson to the people. The Republican party of Cali
fornia will enter the Presidential campaign of 1900
with cleansed skirts, and the purpose of the railroad,
under its Democratic management, aided by the Ex
aminer, to steal the State for the Democracy, will be
frustrated.
It is due to Governor Gage to say that, however
injudiciously he may have been betrayed into the ex
pression of an individual preference for Dan Burns,
chiefly based upon a supposed but imaginary debt of
gratitude, he held aloof from the actual contest and
maintained the dignity of his high office. The atti
tude of Ulysses S. Grant at the beginning of the ses
sion and as exposed by the investigation was not
creditable, but it was half redeemed by the rejection
of the proffered coalition with Burns. The remain
ing candidates preserved their personal self-respect
and refused entangling and disreputable alliances. It
is fortunate that in Senator Perkins the State has a
representative by whom it will not be discredited, and
there is no probability that two years hence, or at
any future period, the degrading experience of 1899
will be repeated.
fl SECULAR VIEW OF THE CHURCH-
IN the United States church and state are com
pletely separated, all religious tests abolished, and,
within broad and definite limits, absolute toleration
established. The Government is not pagan nor
atheistic, but it is unsectarian, and rests upon the
moral law, as recognized by all sects and in all creeds
that are consistent with modern civilization.
Because, however, the wise and liberal founders of
this republic eliminated from the political system they
devised and perfected the seeds of factional discord
that had rent Europe asunder, it is not to be inferred"
that they disregarded or thrust aside the religious
element in that broad sense which included Christian
ity and Judaism. The signers of the Declaration of
Independence and the framers of the constitution,
with few exceptions, were devout men, representing
almost every form of religious activity. In all their
acts they recognized the existence of a Supreme
Being, to whom they appealed and upon whom they
relied. Washington scarcely wrote a proclamation as
General, or a state paper as President, in which this
fundamental belief was not expressed. From his day
tc the present time every President, not excepting
Jefferson, has followed his example. In statesman
ship, in diplomacy, in military and in naval opera
tions, in the decisions of the courts, in Congressional
and in legislative enactments, in the stable literature
of the country, in all the phases through which s our
national life has passed, there has so far been 'no de
viation from the foundation upon which our institu
tions were originally placed.
The only aspect, therefore, in which the secular
press in the United States can logically regard the
church is that which, discarding theologies and separ
ating boundaries and diversities, treats it as represent
ing the essential unities that hold all men together
within the political edifice that our fathers con
structed—that is to say, belief in a Supreme Being
and in the moral law. Treated . from that point of
view, and excluding every element of dissension that
can exist among civilized men, it must be regarded
as the mightiest and most controlling force that has
entered into human life and influenced the develop
ment of the world. Strike out from history Judaism,
that inexorably maintained' the Conception of the
Deity, Christianity, that formulated the principle of
fraternity, that as regards the relations between . men
is the essence of the moral law, and their blended
force in the movement^ of humanity since the dawn
THE SAN FRANCISCO ' CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
of the Christian era, and Europe, . America, Aus
tralasia, and their combined spheres of influence,
morally, intellectually and even materially, would be
without an intelligible reason for their existence,
The part that the church or religion, in the sense in
which those words are now used, has taken in the
rise and progress of individual, social and national
life is the solvent and the explanation of the mys
terious energies that have produced the political and
intellectual triumphs of the nineteenth century, and
as the twentieth century approaches sound the ex
ulting note of incomparable progress. The wars, the
persecutions, the cruelties, the corruptions, that as we
look backward are so prominent in the line of the
centuries, though coupled with religious names and
with religious organizations, when stripped of their
false coverings and reduced to their realities have
represented the obstructive and ever-diminishing
power of barbarism in all its multifarious forms, and
in a great degree have had a political origin and mo
tive. But the progress of education, the increase of
mental and moral strength in individuals, the ad
herence to monogamy as defining the true relation
between the sexes, the growing enfranchisement of
women, the progress of society, the multiplication of
employments and of avenues for skilled labor, the
application of inventive genius to the necessities and
to the comforts of life, the diffusion and the exten
sion of commerce, the simplification of art, science
and philosophy so that they are at once deeper and
truer and yet within the reach of average intelligence,
the universality of literature in its transient and in its
permanent forms, and guaranteeing and aiding all
these elements of advancement, the successful assertion
of fundamental protected by self-government,
are directly traceable to the operation and influence
of religion through all the ramifications of human
existence and intercourse. The world is not only
better because of these unities which have been briefly
sketched, but, in a true sense, they have poured into
the world its vitality and its germinating and fructi
fying processes. The man who sums up modern
civilization, including all that the word implies as well
as expresses, as the outcome of human reason and
human effort in antagonism to faith, has not even
skimmed over the surface of the phenomena of nine
teen hundred years. There is not a home, a school,
a hall of justice, an institution of learning, a monu
ment to philanthropy or charity, a library, any one
distinctive feature of the present elevation of man
kind, that does not demonstrate the necessity of re
ligion and its dominance in the suppression of
savagery and ignorance and in the uplifting of the
practical toward the ideal. The spires that point
toward the stars and receive the diurnal baptism of
the sun will survive armies and navies, all the essen
tial but deplorable brutalities of government, and will
sentinel the coming ages of peace, order and plenty
under free institutions when the ashes of imperialism
shall have been swept into the waste places of eternity.
THE TRfICK GAMBLERS.
NO one expected that the : profits of track
gambling would be surrendered without a
struggle. The revenues have been large, and
accumulated profits will be used liberally in litigating
the prohibitory ordinance.
The Supervisors have simply put 'into law the wish
of the community. They reflected the public desire
to have the stain erased from the city's fame and
name. They could not restore the good names lost,
the lives blighted, the bread taken from families, the
money stolen from employers, the public funds offi
cially embezzled, to go into the pockets of the idle
and vicious schemers who fatten on the bread and
ruin of others. But the Supervisors could and did
say that for the future this lure shall be removed and
prohibited, and that no more money shall be lost, no
more stolen, no more embezzled, and that the
morgue', prison and insane asylums shall get no more
recruits from the pool-box and books. These vicious
revenues have amounted to thousands of dollars every
day, and nearly every one the price of honor. Let any
one watch the crowds that go to the track and esti
mate how many are drawn there by love of the horse
or a wholesome admiration for a noble sport. Such
are in a minority so small that if they were the only
ones to be present the stand would be almost empty.
The fact is that the lovers of the horse and enthusiasts
in trials of speed and endurance are kept away from
the track by the presence there of gamblers and their
victims. The track has become as much the means
of gambling as the green cloth and box and dealer of
a faro game. No one visits a faro den to admire the
dexterity of the dealer, the watchfulness of the look
out, the color of the cards, or the structure of the
box or table. All these are merely the accessories
necessary to the game of chance. In like manner the
track, the horses, jockeys, starter and judges are
merely necessary parts of a process upon which
money may be laid, to be lost by victims of the
gambling craze and won by the skilled student of
chance.
The prohibitory ordinance will be picked to pieces
ar far as skilled attorneys can do it, and the people
should stand guard over it. They should back up
the Supervisors. They should keep vital the present
condition of public attention to the matter. The
ordinance must have more than a perfunctory defense
in the courts. If it show flaws under the judicial eye
its defense must be such as to compel the courts to
develop and bound and delimit the extent of public
authority over the question, resting in the Board of
Supervisors, to the end that if this ordinance fall
another may take its place securing the same object
and able to stand an assault in the courts.
All the ingenuity that money can employ will enter
the lists against it.. If it stand the judicial test, then all
the craft that greed engenders will be called into play
to evade it. Then will come the necessity of constant
vigilance to smoke out and prevent these evasions
and violations of the law.
The vice has been so long permitted that it has
taken on the character of a fixed habit, and as such
has lived on , the toleration of the community. If it
can be prevented long enough to make its prevention
a habit, there will be little danger of its reappearance.
. A man named Lewis recently had* the experience of
being hanged on a gallows he had built for the
reformation of another offender. It is of record that
a man named Haman had a somewhat similar ex
perience.
» .
Certain statesmen are sighing for the day when the
anti-cartoon bill shall go into effect, and as that day
will never arrive the prospect for a continuous crop
of sighs is better than the chance for. a yield of prunes.
■y 7 •■• • ,- .-•/■; ";■ 7
A pugilist is about to be laid away in an Eastern
potter's field, which is sad, of course. However, bet
ter men in the habit of earning an honest living have
reached a similar end, which is much sadder.
Sampson has made many friends by his generous
expression of desire to have other naval officers pro
moted, even if his name be omitted from the list. *
■ ■■■■»■ i ' i
There seems. little need for Spain to worry about
prisoners held by the Filipinos, for the latter are
rapidly losing thir grip. .' . . ... t ,-»..7.... .. . .
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
"White Hat" McCarty has once more
been starving his horses. It is time for
an example to be made of this individ
ual. A man who will leave a lot of
horses to gnaw fence boards or go un
fed deserves to be kicked to death by
one of them.
* * »
Dune. McPherson is mad because
when he recently visited the city one
reporter called him an editor from Val
lejo and another sized him up as «a
Santa- Cruz rancher. Dune, ought to
feel flattered. At least he was men
tioned.
yy-. * * *
The more the beef scandal is probed
the worse it seems to be. The people
of this country will not tolerate a gang
of murderous rascals who sold for the
use of soldiers meat which was rotten
and full of maggots. They may be
never so highly connected, respectable,
wealthy, but they are a lot of unmiti
gated scoundrels for whom jail is too
good, and who would disgrace the gal
lows. Furthermore they have dealt one
of the industries of the United States
j a blow from which it cannot recover for
many years. Foreign countries cannot
be blamed for viewing with suspicion
the output of packing establishments
which sell for the consumption of
American soldiers in time of war a
mess of poison, putrid, revolting, and
more deadly than the bullets of the
enemy. I hope the name of every one
'of the villains will be made public, and
that each offender will be driven from
the commercial life he disgraces and
the social life upon which his presence
is a blot.
* » *
Mrs. Minnie Adams has been arrested
for the murder of her illegitimate
child, the charge being that she ad
ministered carbolic acid to the little
one. While the ascertaining of the
truth will naturally be left to the courts
any man has a right to his opinion, and
my opinion is that the woman is not
guilty. Even if she is guilty the father
of the child, who deserted her and then
was eager to bring an accusation
against her, is no better. Everybody
knows that the natural tendency of a
child upon finding an object, liquid or
solid, is to swallow it. If the youngster
who died from carbolic acid had found
a bottle containing the deadly fluid he
probably followed the precedents set by
countless generations of his kind and
endeavored to gulp the contents down.
The mother is not of a high order
either of morals or Intelligence. She
would hardly have had the thoughtful
ness in buying poison to give a ficti
tious name. To be sure a policeman
says that he identifies her, but the
identification given by a policeman may
be an error. His unsupported word
ought to be insufficient to convict. If
the woman is guilty, despite her wrongs
and her griefs, there is no palliation for
her. As yet, however, the astute re
porter and the eager detective com
bined have in no measure convinced the
unbiased of her guilt.
»' • •
Mrs. Dora Fuhrig has been convicted
of murder in the second degree and ex
cept for the benign intervention of the
Supreme. Court will pay the penalty of
her crime.' It is a pity no law exists by
which this woman can be hanged.
Without discussing the ethics of the
abominable trade she follows certainly
a person addicted to the slaying of in
fants ought to be reasonably sure to
refrain from killing the mothers also.
So far as publicly known Mrs. Fuhrig
has only slain four foolish members
of her sex, and to be found guilty in a
single instance ought to be a gratify
ing experience. She can go to prison,
serve her term and be out in time to
resume the pursuit of slaughter. * If
found guilty of all the crimes of which
she knows herself to be guilty she
would have to live a hundred years at
least or cheat the penitentiary.
*« * -
Doubtless in the case of Mrs. Fiske-
Marceau-Fennell, who has just been di
vorced again, there are some congratu
lations due. However, the observer,
naturally being at a loss as to where
to bestow them, drops the matter at
this point.
aaa ■ .-**•%
Professor Falb of Vienna has been
having another of his spells. He sets
November 13 as the date upon which
this globe, after experiencing various
startling jars, is to go into smithereens.
The professor ought not to be so out
spoken. If he is wrong people will
think him a scientific Keely, while if
he is right he will not survive to get
the glory.
■. * -• • •
By the kindness of the Supreme Court
Dick Williams, after having been twice
proved guilty of accepting bribes for
landing Chinese, escapes the punish
ment he richly deserves. There has
never been, since Williams was first
accused, a shadow of doubt as to his
crookedness. That he accepted a place
of trust and while Occupying it stole
himself rich is known. Probably, now
that the danger of punishment is past,
he would not deny this himself, and
nobody would believe him if he did.
Such episodes as this tend to bring the
Supreme Court into contempt. If a
man has committed a certain crime and
the fact has been demonstrated, to hag
gle as to the precise way in which the
demonstration was brought about is
monkey business, unworthy an august
tribunal, and an encouragement to
every rogue. When the law is so pow
erless that a Dick Williams can laugh
at it, there is no reason to suppose the
average citizen will take off his hat to
it, nor hold in awe the judicial body
which with ceremony and sounding
phraseology turns the statute into a
farce and the culprit into the street.
■ * ; ■ * •"*'-;
When the California soldiers started
to brave the perils of war it was with
tearful eyes and heavy hearts the peo
ple watched them go. There were pray
ers for their safe return and when in
the distant tropics they acquitted them
selves gallantly there was a thrill, not
of surprise, but of gratification. Then
followed a period of dull garrison rou
tine, and the boys were homesick. This
so stirred the sympathies of relatives
and friends that efforts were made to
have the regiment recalled. However
proper such efforts were then the situ
ation has changed once more and they
are now not only in bad taste but a
reflection upon the patriotism of the
soldiers. I do not suppose there is a
man in the regiment who would not
feel an order to start for the United
"States while ; he is close to the field of
martial activity and likely at any hour
to participate in battle as an affront
and a degradation. The boys are not do
ing the whimpering nor Indulging 1 in
v hysteria. We all want to welcome them,
By HENRY JAMES.
coming back as veterans, but even
those who love them most and who are
bound by ties of kindred, would not
wish to see them until they could bring
with them the record of duty com
pletely performed and every honor of
war. All that can be asked in reason
is that as the Californians were first to
sail away in due and proper course
they be the first to sail back. But not
while needed at Manila to uphold the
honor of their country. They are
Americans as well as Californians and
neither cowards nor children.
* » »
For many years Evangelist Moody
has been garnering human souls and
has done very well. He is now in this
neighborhood and 1 hope will meet with
his usual success. But with all his en
thusiasm, his ardor, which- seems little
less than an inspiration, Mr. Moody can
afford to talk sense. He spoke the other
night about the Bible and said: "Ac
cept it all or reject every line." To ac
cept every line of the Bible literally is
impossible to the normal intelligence
of many worthy people. In parts 'of it
the Creator of the universe, it seems
to them, is* portrayed as a monster,
cruel, vindictive and small; subject to
the passions of anger, avarice and
vanity. With a reverence for God, the
maker of worlds, I am glad not to be
able to believe'this of the Infinite. Nor
do I think, as Mr. Moody implies, that
the salvation of any soul hinges on in
dorsement of the tale that Jonah was
three days in the belly of a whale, that
blowing on ramshorns ever knocked
down a wall, or that at the bidding of
Joshua the sun stood still. Let Mr.
Moody teach the beautiful morality of
the sermon on the mount and no scoffer
can rise up to condemn. But his dic
tum of literal acceptance is a demand
that people turn not wholly to a better
life, but that in great measure they
turn to heathenism, ignorance and su
perstition. I - would not offend Mr.
Moody. He is not only a gentleman,
but one of the most astute jadvertisers
of modern times.
« * *
There are a few things about the op
era season that tend to make one cyni
cal. One is the pretense of a lot of
cheap people that they know more con
cerning music than a cow does of skat
ing. They went to see Melba, not to
hear her; and they went as they would
have gone to observe the fat lady or
the ossified gentleman. While in the
opera house they sized up the costume
of their neighbors, speculated as to the
cost of a dress, the value of certain dia
monds on display, and wondered how
the exhibitors ever got the price. The
criticisms of the dramatic writer of The
Call have been as far above their heads
as the skies. I do not believe in fraud,
and the people who rave over Melba
are frauds as often as sincere. She is
a glorious singer, but they do not know
it. They have no way of knowing it.
They have nothing to know with.
y ':; 7 "'. '■- ' * ■'- '■',* 77~>* '■'
It is with no feeling of personal ani
mosity I express the wish that James
Treadwell might be sent to San Quen
tin for a long term. The young man
has considerable, money, but with it he
has the -never failing faculty of being a
ruffian. He attempted at San Jose* to
kill a woman of the half-world, -who.
with all her faults is his superior. With
a wanton and bestial cruelty, for which
there can be no excuse, he assaulted
and maimed her. Now his friends are
at work endeavoring to gloss over his
offense, and I hope they will not suc
ceed. The court to exculpate him would
have to be corrupt, and the society to
condone his outrage rotten to the core.
If there is such a court, and if there
is such society, Treadwell is all right.
If people are decent and honest, he is
a low-lived law breaker. It seems to
me a pity that a man without brains,
honor or ambition should have money
and license to be a reprobate.
* * * -
Perhaps it is merely a coincidence,
and yet it struck me as strange that
only three weeks after the proprietors
of the Ingleside track had placarded
the town with announcements that they
did not advertise in The . Call they had
nothing but a lot of busted, hopes to
advertise.. I do not particularly care
about the advertising in this paper.
j Some way salary day comes around
every week.' Nevertheless there is sat
isfaction in seeing a lot' of full-grown
men, who have tried to deport them
selves after the manner, of asses, made
to realize that they are exactly that
which they proclaimed themselves to
oe.
*..■:■* * *
Judge Kerrigan recently would have
been arrested for fast driving except
that he made his identity "clear to a
park policeman. I would like to know
what figure his identity cut. It is as
pleasant to be run down by one reck
less driver as another.
» ♦
The pastor of the church which Rus
sell Sage, attends and from a pew of
which his prayers and praises ascend
has resigned because the institution is
in debt. I respectfully call old Sage's
attention to the injunction of the Mas
ter to sell all earthly possessions and
give the proceeds to the poor.
* * *
Most of the vetoes of Governor Gage !
have been admirable, but I wish he
could have seen his way to assisting
the State to make reparation to an in
dividual who had been wronged beyond
the power of word to express. Th;s j
man had been in prison for ten years
for. a crime of which he was innocent.
An effort was made to pay to him as
some slight compensation the sum of
515,000, and while the Legislature ap
proved, the executive would not pass
It. Yet the State owes that man more
than could ever be repaid. Even the,
tender of the pitiful sum mentioned
would be only a suggestion of recom
pense. There should be a law for the
protection of such unfortunates, and
they should be entitled at least to a
sum equal to that they would have
earned in freedom, as well as a sub
stantial pension.
yy * * *
Labouchere has been denounced by
Professor Gayley as a profane scrib
bier. I had* always wondered what
Labby was, and am glad to accept the
definition. * •
* • *
My friend, the cable car conductor
has written a book. j Perhaps the little
volume is not in itself remarkable, but
that it s should have been written by a
representative toller, one to whom the
hours of rest are few and the hours of
labor crowded with vexations, taken in
consideration with the character and
treatment of the chosen subject, seems
to me deeply significant. The conduc
tor is Wallace E. Nevill, and for years
he has attended to 7 his calling' on a
I Jackson street car, thoughtful, courte
ous and apparently absorbed in the
performance of his duties. He has
• termed the book "When the Cable Car
i Stopped," and.it is the relation of a
supposititious dream, in which is ex
ploited a study of cooperation. On the
visionary car he has such* pu^g
as Mayor Phelan, Drs. Hemphill and
Stebbins and Mr. Vining. His theorie,
are unfolded by means of a conversa
tion among these gentlemen, and the
scheme is carried out consistently and
pleasingly; universal co-operation of
course receiving indorsement, ail the
talkers clasping hands td the sentiment
"Brotherhood and Humanity. Mr.
Wallace Nevill does not claim great
originality, but he has grouped ideas in
such a way as to show he iB a carefu
student. The work is of high moral
tone and there is much in it to set peo
ple thinking. This is particularly clear
for the reason that the author is not a
professor of economics, but. one who
earns a daily wage with his hands. If
the people who do not often express
themselves in print' are, pondering over
this great problem, solution may De
nearer than we know.
* '* * *
The editor of the Gridley Herald
neatly roasts me for having given qual
ified indorsement to lynching. Upon
reflection, I guess that he is right.
ERE THE DAY.
We wakened at the dawning, but wo
And ne wr_Skeo h u% d IK-e Prologue, but we
Oh "our EPS* P et a> and certain till
gray sorrow dropt the curtain.
Ay we wakened at the dawning, but we
never saw the day.
There were buds within our garden, but
they never came to flower:
There were birds among our bushes, but
they only sang an hour.
And we laughed to see the swallow, but
the summer did not follow.
There were buds within our garden, but
they never came to flower.
•TO_ a garment white and silken, 'tis a
white and misty veil.
•Tis a pair of little slippers— O, dear love,
so white and frail.
Is the. manhood in me dying, that I m sit
ting here and crying
O'er a garment and a slipper and a never
opened veil?
Dear, the world is empty— empty as the
gemless, golden band, " '-. "
The token I had fingered and that never
found your hand;
They've been telling me the story or an
everlasting glory. „-„,,»
But you were the only preacher I could
ever understand.
Ah! we wakened at the dawning, but we
never saw the day.
And we s*oke our little prologue, but we
never reached the play;
But our love was sweet. and certain till
gray sorrow dropt the curtains
Hark! A single bell is calling,.-. . and
this should have been the day.
—Chambers' Journal.
AROUND THE
" : CORRIDORS.
A. Latham of London, England*, is at
the California. . • • . ' .77
--. O. Biggs, a banker of Gridley, is stay
ing at the Grand.
John Thomann, a St. Helena vineyard
ist, is located at the Grand.
William N. Russ. a cattle raiser of Eu
reka, is a late arrival at -the Lick.
F. F. Jacques, a capitalist of Chicago,
is registered at the Palace with his wife.
Dr. D. H. Deal and wife have come up
from San Jose for a few days and are at
the Lick. v vy.
A. M. McFadden, a well-known resident
of Victoria, B. C. , is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his wife. kj _. ... .;.
•"i'l*— 'V*i ■•■•-• ill __-^4- ; ,~ Two " sons of
Erin, Mag uire
, and Finn by
name, started
out on St. Pat
rick's day to en
joy themselves,
and began opera
tions by visiting
| a countryman, one McGinnis, who keeps
I a grocery store with bar attachment.
I Now McGinnis is unfortunate in the fact
that one of his legs is considerably
shorter than the other, the result of an
accident In early life. This has the ef
fect of making him appear about four
feet high when he is standing on the short
leg; but when he straightens up on the
other leg he looks at least six feet tall.
. He was standing on the long leg when
his two convivial friends entered his
place and as they stepped up to the coun
ter he said in affable tones:
"Well, gintlemin, phwat will yez have
on this glorious day?"
... Maguire. replied: "Begorry, I'll have
some of your best whisky strayt. What
will yez have, Finn?" .
Finn replied, "I'll have a glass of ale."
• At this point McGinnis reached down to
get two glasses from behind the bar and
in doing so rested on the short leg, Which
made about, two feet of him disappear
from view. As he did so, Finn quickly
said: * ' .•• 7.
."Hold on. McGinnis; if yez have tog o
down cellar for the ale, to save yez the
trouble I'll take the same as Maguire."
Mayor David Evans of Eureka is at the
Grand. He reports Humboldt having at
present a railroad boom and a bright fu
ture. 'C^'y -..
• W. de L. Benedict, a merchant of New
York, and G. Henry Whitcombe, an In
surance man of Worcester, Mass., are
among the guests at the Palace.
A. J. Ascheimer, a capitalist of Phila
delphia who is making a visit to. this
coast with his two daughters, registered
at the Palace yesterday morning.
Edgar J. Arnold, advertising manager
for Hale's California stores, j left on the
overland last night for an extended trip
in the East in the interests of advertising.
He will be absent until May 1.
Dr. and Mrs. C. S. Houltalne arrived
from Macleod. Alberta, Northwest Terri
tory, and are registered at the Occidental.
The doctor has been practicing his pro
fession in that locality for some years
I and will enjoy much-needed recreation
visiting throughout the State.
MR, FINN -
TOOK
THE SAME.
„ — : -<*■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 13.— L. L. Levlne
of San Francisco is at the Cosmopolitan.
G. E. Hayes and wife of San Francisco
are at the Vendome. . ...- ,
Reunion of "Workmen.
Upon a suggestion made by the Past
Masters' Association of the Order of
United- Workmen the local lodges and
those' of Alameda. San Mateo and Santa
Clara counties have decided to have a
grand reunion of all the lodges of those
counties at Agricultural Park, in the city
of San Jose on the 18th of next May, pro
viding that it does not rain on that day,
and should it rain the event will be post
poned to another day soon thereafter.
Two of the lodges of the degree of honor
have already signified their intention of
joining in the festivities of the day. There
are thirty-two lodges in San Francisco,
twenty-two in Alameda County, three in
San Mateo County and five in Santa
Clara County. , *.-,-.;
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Timothy Thornton against Annie A.
Thornton, for desertion;: Julia Schoen
against Augustus Schoen, for failure to
provide: Lizzie Walsh against Peter J.
Walsh, for failure to provide, and Everett
A. . Kennedy against Harriet F. Kennedy
for desertion.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It*, at Town-end's.**
•Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau ( Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • • "H-*B-HI-H-H-B-H-H-«-H-__-B-B-^-__-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B^B-^---H_l--^ — «f ■,■,■>■
° Styles and Seasons. Where Do They Gome From and Where Do They Go? *
: SALE OF BEAUTIFUL FURNITURE!^
t oALt Ur DtAUIIrUL rUKNIIUnt I*
I Spring is recognized as the great season for the sale of Furniture, Carpets, Curtains, etc. B
■ Our offerings have gained trade and the favorable comment of the buying public. . . . The I
a New Spring Goods are crowding in. We are showing all the novelties of the season. An i
. ' hour spent with us in looking over our new patterns, many of them our own exclusive de- (
. i signs, will give you just the ideas you'll need for your wants. WELCOME AWAITS YOU ■
H and all comers to the BIG STORE IN THE MISSION. ■
•a■ . ±
i Golden Oak fe*^^ jj
J L_X_fel Dining Table. TOiw __
a Odd Parlor Cbairs. IM R | 1 t
I odd parlor chair in fin- 8 jiff - H (3 r_ V./^ I
™ est polished mahogany. B M |s *^3(_^ \ l s^£~Zx-*--S\ _7iV/ B
I One of a hundred, all Vj_^ C_»*"^ V^7 _
ln the richest new de- ~" (ji*' B
' signs, plain or over- . __ Here's a rocker you can't . |
■ stuffed; frame richly We are selling next week an Extension Din- match anywhere under 13 50; n
| carved or inlaid. Ing Table of exclusive designs: beautifully sclld oak or birch-mahogany, I
■ _• _!_.-„♦ - -i_-_ -ntt- made; highly polished; a value well worth cobbler seat, and substantially _L
T acagagj »!°:-.- -**"*- 3 *"**'- to **'' *:^.oo I S^ilst:^ - 7
— — ■
■ ' y^g^a FULL LINE -rtjh ■
° This Extra Large fiennine Leather V\^ m f^ i^n^^^-^^^p 7
g VUUVrII LADIES' DAINTY / «
• | Deeply tufted, with the best dressing table, solid oak i
IS i- l Aa ma mama or mahoeanlzed birch. FANCY REED WINDOW CHAIR. I
■ Steel Springs, regular price Oil A f\f\ mahoganlzea birch, , luU roIl amis, very neat designs, quite ■
1 C-7C r & _.*, -. .*" ,m (11) French plate mlr- Fwell for window decorating— a regu- |
■ $/-* Our Special price gTUiUU ror "PS.OO lar J. 50 value 53.50 -- 1
. B _____ _ — . - H
n JB^illiS"^ All goods marked in plain figures — CASH FIGURES — ours is not an in- I
fi^fSS&T stallment house. We extend credit only as an accommodation. V
BL— . b
i ~T Spring ° pcnina Sale « Lace Curtains %*******,. ■
a CarpetS and Rugs. Lace curtains. ■
■ Brussels Carpets. No^ ,^o^rt«S ,^A.*f^..!^ ■
Brussels Carpets —Higglns & Sanford's make— "no ff A- Ruffle Curtains, plain or figured, made to retail Cl OA |
B printed goods," but all-wool faced; per yard WVV at $1 50; choice, pair tpa«-_<V" _
Eanford & Higgins" best ten wire goods; none bet- *7*5S/' Nottingham Lace Curtains— show the greatest value In a. ,
B te- made; yard * am^* curtain. 60 Inches wide and 34 yards long, ever shown; '
Q Axmtnster Carpets, in all the latest colorings; «| # ()Q e 3o h V-Vlnd BPeCla * nUmbera; prtCeS ' Palr ; $2.25 |.
ya " " s _ pairs of High Grade Nottingham Lace Curtains, in all the ■
B Inrtrain Canni-tc ' latest novelties: the entire surplus stock of one of the lead- |
I ing rain wurpcie. ing manufactur ers in this line will be placed on sale Mon- m.
_■ In_ral3 Carpets, full yard wide, all good Brussels de- OCT/-. day at prices astonishing. Nottingham Lace Curtains sold ,
■ signs; regular SOc goods; yard OOW* regularly for $4 90. $4 4". $3 SO. $3 40 and *2 SO, going for $3 90, I
I" - Half-Wool Carpets: designs cannot be beaten; never _!«/-» » 40. 12 90, »2 40 and $190 pair. II
B cold less than 60c: now TOW Irish Point Curtains— Our prices on these goods are right; I
I. All-Wool Ingrain Carpet, 75c quality; yard (QA r a* 3 *" you cannot better convince yourself than by calling g
1 OUv and examining our special lines at, per pair, CC taft |
~ ••Columbia Brussels"— goods are well known and are *»** *». *" 00 *V • -|
sold and advertised: no better carpet made for $1; O *f"*|/-» l!nhnletei>v i
■ cur price on these goods is O"^ upnoistcry. i
.. , 25 pieces of Fine Imported Wool and Silk Mixed Drapery ■ (
;. B Straw Matting and Oil Cloth. tTSftaSZ ££«__■ iSSS«!*5ig 61.35 jjj
"We have Just taken out of the custom house 600 rolls of Cretonnes and Art Denims— The l_ ; ~c . grade going 1 /*}/-» I
"a Cfctna and Japanese Matting, shipped to us direct from Kobe, Monday for. yard lvv i
. I - Japan, by the new steamship Hongkong Maru. Bilkoline and ' Golden Drapery, Me and 20c goods. | f|y-» *¥
_ LOT I— Consists of very heavy China. Matting, every roll re- 34 inches wide; Monday, yard lVfw I
.'•"*• versible goods; worth up to 25c yard; your 101- D^»«-:«. n *_t *■
. ■(-. choice Monday for, yard I^,C Portieres. |
_i ■ LOT Consist* of 350 rolls of Linen and Cotton "Warp Mat- Chenille Portieres— About 25 pairs in all; assorted CO AA g|
ting, ranging in value from 15c to 30c yard: Monday lAp colors: going for, pair tp__t.VTV/ .
m at 2T'C, 13c and IV*"*W chenille and Tapestry 'Portieres— We will offer you Monday- -L
LOT 3 — Cooaiata/ot 100 rolls of the finest goods made in double- two numbers in these goods; the best value CO OS S
* _ dyed Linen Warp, sold all over for 50c. 55c and *>/"|/-» ever offered; for. pair. $175 and _&••__«* ■
m 60c; our price, yard. 25c and OUC French Tapestry Portieres— A line of four colors only; the |
Floor Oil Cloths, all widths, square yard Off-/- import price on these goods is Just double CS. f|o ■
£3 *. Zl/V what we ask; pair, $4 50 and *&*Ja\J\J j
-,j ' Couch Covers— Arabian goods, made to sell for tf? | *9 ffff _
a - Best Grade Kelim Smyrna Rugs. »♦ °°; our rlce Monday.- each •****»_•*-.** ■
Both sides alike and without fringe. 9xlo feet; CIO f\{\ Window Shades. _
\\ regular price is $17 00 *tJ-* ■ O.Vrvl* Made of the best quality hand-made Opaque Shade Cloth, .
j. • Our 3x12 Ke'irr; Smyrna Rugs we sold for $15 50; these Identi- mounted on Hartshorn's improved spring rollers, for quantities I
■ cal rugs are sold all over town for $13 00.. C 1 ___ EZf\ °" twelve shades and over, not including store sizes. Hung H
■ * tPI'T'.OvJ' in your residence and guaranteed for five years OOc |
■ THIS SALE IS SIMPLY AN EXAMPLE of how reasonable our prices are. Space "
g won't permit the description of, our finer goods, but they're here for you when you ■
I 7 come this week. , I
D B
_ You Save Cajh't~is\&' o/%&M*&^ Saye ■
' Mone Y ai 7MLl£E£JJh£&wll&fyj MonBy at "
' Patlosien's, lm , * >^ **[ „^yl?y f y^f 1 SJn Pa!,osien ' s ' ■
HIS SONG NOT
INTENDED FOR
VULGAR EARS
Bohemian Joseph D.
Redding Is Angry.
HE SUES MUSIC PUBLISHERS
PRINTED HIS COMPOSITION
WITHOUT ATJTHOBITY.
Joseph Asks to Have the Press
Stopped and to Be Awarded
Heavy Damages for
the Outrage.
A deathless song Is alleged to have been
stolen, both words and music; an. impious
hand has dared to snatch the laurels from
a gifted brow, and that is why Joseph D.
fcedding. Bohemian, musician, bon vivant,
art connoisseur, lawyer and society Idol ,
nurses his wrath In wicked New York.
Eight years ago Mr. Redding paid a ;
visit to Honolulu, and when he returned to
this' city with the scent of the orange :
groves in his hair he sate him down in his
boudoir on a sad. misty San Francisco
summer eve and poured forth hi- soul In i
song. Then he breathed into the verses j
the breath of melody and sang them to ,
his friends, who pronounced them beauti- ■
fdi beyond compare. ■ \ -7 - , --
For years the song was cherished as nis j
own. It was not intended for vulgar ears, j
upon- whose tympani the soulful sentiment j
and the harmony would fall as seed on
barren ground; but the author sang th» j
tender verses to the select ln Bohemia ana
ADVERTISEMENTS.
at the festal board of the Four Hundred
in New York City, where the poet-mu
sician has made his home for the past
three years. .' „_ _ _„
One day not long ago Mr. Redding
chanced to glance In at the window of a
music store on Broadway and to hi
amazement saw the child of his brain In
print, with the announcement that the
song had been "arranged" by J. S. LlDor
nio. He bought a copy and saw that not
a word had been changed nor a note of
music altered. Then wrote the poet to a
lawyer friend in this city, and yesterday
a suit was filed in the United States Cir
cuit Court against E. MV. Armstrong and
th* Model music store of San Francisco to
enjoin them from continuing to expose the
beauties of his song in print to the coarse
gaze of a hard, senseless world, and to
order the defendants to render an account
of their sales of the said song (if any)
and to pay him damages. .■ , .
The complaint contains a cop> of the
printed words and music and a. -manu
script copy in the author's own handwrit
ing. There are only eight lines, divided
into two stanzas, but they are great, as
will be seen by the following:
A SONG TO HAWAII.
The wind from over the see.
Sings sweetly, Aloha, to me:
The waves as they fall on the sand
Say Aloha: and bid me to land.
The last line of the stanza quoted deli
cately and lngeneously proclaims to the
world the hospitable character of the Al
oha wave. Now, the average wave that
-rolTs and froths in equatorial regions is
not in the habit of bidding the stranger
to land except upon a coral reef or in the
capacious maw of a 20-foot shark. But
the Alhoa wave is different. It Is not only
a welcome, but a wharf and a hotel as
well. One cannot linger long on this de
lightful theme and must pass to the sec
ond stanza.
The myriad flowers In bloom.
Waft Aloha in everj* perfume.
I read In each lovelit eye
Aloha. Aloha! WUI OE!
Observe, the easy manner In which
"bloom" Is made to rhyme with the noun
"perfume" and how gracefully the poet
has availed himself of the license of his
craft as to shift the accent from the first
to the second syllable of the latter word.
For the last line. "Aloha! Aloha! Nui
oe'" criticism has nothing to offer. The
line, no doubt, has reference to each
lovelit eye", in which the poet read the
Aloha and so forth. yyy ■■■■■
At the end appears the following.
JOSEPH D. REDDING. ;
1831. I
To Kalakaua Rex: /.
And this is the outrage for which the
Injured poet asks balm at the hands of
the court. - ' ■
Trio of Convicts Sentenced:,
' August Schoen. who passed a fictitious
check for $8 40 en William Beckmaa and
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 19. 1899.
was subsequently convicted of the of
fense, was sentenced to serve a term of
seven years in Folsom by Judge Dunne
yesterday. In Judge Lawlor's department
Tsung- Sin. convicted of an attempt to
commit burglary, was sentenced to three
years in Folsom. Hewey "Walker and
Francis Dunn, convicted of burglary,
were sentenced to serve a term of one
year each, the former in San Quentin, the
latter ln Folsom. ,
AN UNCOMPLETED GIFT.
An Important Decision of Supreme
Court Affecting All Beneficiary-
Societies.
A decision of importance to beneficiary
bodies was rendered yesterday by the
Supreme Court. It was in the case of
the Supreme Council of the" American Le
gion of Honor against Albrecht Gehren
beck et *al. and Jacob Kornahrens, ad
ministrator. The council Issued to one
of its members a beneficiary certificate
for -$3000, which was in favor of the mem
ber's wife. Marguerite Gehrenbeck. She
died a few months before her husband,
and after the husband's death the admin
istrator set up a claim for the money, due
on the beneficiary certificate as a part of
her estate. Gehrenbeck's children by a
former wife contested the claim, assert
ing that the money should go to them. In
the meantime the council paid the amount
Into court. The children by the former
wife obtained judgment, from which the
administrator of the second wife ap
pealed. * "~, : '-.;- V: '
The Supreme Justices hold that the in
terest of the beneficiary is that of an ex
pectance of an uncompleted gift, which,
like a will, is subject to revocation, and
"the beneficiary having died before any
rights had become vested in her, this
mere expectancy died with her. so there
is nothing left for her heirs to succeed
to." Hence the first wife's children are
entitled to the money, and the judgment
of the lower court was affirmed..
Lurline Salt "Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ocean.
Elected as Delegates.
Court Golden West No. 20. Foresters of
America, has elected Sol Pelser, E. H.
Levy, A. S. Alexander and I. C. Scharff
as delegates to the Grand Court, which
will meet in Santa Clara on the 2d of May
next. __ «_.>._
Court Washington No. 37 of the same
order has selected Henry Goldman and
Sylvester Shaben as Its delegates to the
same grand body.;
Beautiful new Mandolin, finely fin
ished, for J6.50 at Mauvais', 769 Market."'
FAVORITES RAN
TO THE NOTCH
AT INGLESIDE
The Select Gathering
Wept Copiously.
POLICE PREVENTED BETTING
REAL SOFT SPOTS FOR CORBIGAN
HORSES.
Fat Dunne's Survivor Also Remem
bered — Won the Farewell Handi
—Fleur de Lis a Factor
in Future Events.
To use a turf expression, "there was not '
much doln' " at Ingleside yesterday. The j
stand contained a scanty gathering of the j
fair sex and down ln the betting ring were I
knots of bookmakers standing about here I
and there, with possibly, in all, about 150
members of the talent. The majority of
these passed through the turnstiles on
complimentary badges. The police were j
very active and the attempts to accept j
bets on the handbook plan were most !
feeble ones. Fearing arrest, the principal
members of the bookmaking fraternity
made no effort to violate the ordinance. '
The fields were small, permitting of five !
straight favorites to catch the eye of the
judges first. "Skeets" Martin piloted three
of the winning horses.
The 4-year-old Opponent was delegated
by popular choice to take the opening mile j
and a sixteenth selling run, which he did j
at odds of 6to 5. Waiting on his company j
until the stretch was reached, Martin ;
gave Kid Weller's horse his head, and he
won easily from Wyoming. Joe Mussle
disposed of the others for the show.
Ab Stemler's mare Fleur de Lis dis
played Improving form in the mile run.
Closing a strong favorite, Llmewater gave
her only a mild argument, being downed
a length at the wire after the daughter of ,
Maxim had led from the start.
The. steeplechase could not get away
from the Corrigan household. McAuiiffe
on Vanity waited until the others were all
out or had fallen, and then challenging
Lord Chesterfield downed that jumper a
length. Huntsman was third. Our Cli
mate would undoubtedly have won had he
not come to grief at the first jump.
Corrlgan's filly Sardine, with a soft spot
arranged for her. was asked to beat a
most ordinary bunch of two-year-olds ln
the fourth event. The race was farcical,
for she had speed to burn, winning in a
canter. Ned Dennis took the place from
Ella Boland.
The "farewell" handicap at one and a
quarter miles was another extravaganza.
Survivor was called on to beat nothing,
and galloped over the top of his field,
leading Sardonic past the wire with
pounds to spare.
Track Notes.
Sardonic ran her last race yesterday. ,
She will be bred to imp. Bassetlow.
"Skeets" Martin will pilot Sardine ln
the stake at Oakland to-morrow, leaving
for the East In the evening. Rutter will
depart for the Eastern country at the
same time.
Spencer was fined $23 by the stand for
not weighing in to ride Sardonic
-.:*-v/
New Orleans "Winners. j
NEW ORLEANS. March IS.— Track
slow; weather cloudy. Results: -
First race, selling, six furlongs. Gen
eral Maceo won, Banrica second. Rush- j
fields third. Time. l:16-&.
Second race, selling, live furlongs, Trl
adltga won, J. Lucille second, Myrtle
Glbauer third. Time, 1:03.
Third race, selling, one and a quarter
miles. Donation won. "Wood Ranger sec
ond, Tlnto disqualified. Babe Fields
third. Time, 2:05%. --;*»-
Fourth race, handicap, one mile. Ta- ;
V-nasee won, Barataria second. Elkin ,
t.iird. Time. 1:42.
Fifth race, one mile, Effle Alnslee won.
Brown Vail second, D. P. McCarthy !
third. Time, 1:43*?4.
Sixth race, selling, seven furlongs, Sau
terse won, John Sullivan second. Elsie !
Bramble third. Time, 1:30 V '
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Saturday, March. 18, 1899.Sixty
first day of the winter meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weath
er fine. Track slow.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge.
__*_•_* FIRST RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds
Odd ■• purse. $400.
and
upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St. Std.
ttm. ttm.
ttrn.
Str.
Fin.
808 Opponent. 4 1021 2
827 Wyoming, 6 109 1 5
809 Joe Mussle. 5 109, 6
819 Caspar, 5 112 I
827 Ed Gartland II, .105 3
821 Roadrunner, a 109 4
810 Edgemount, 6 106, S
... Outright, a 106! 7
4 tt
2 tt
6 1
3 h
1 tt
5 M
8
7 2
4 tt
3 1
5 2
2 1
1 tt
6 3
8
73
3tt
2 1
4 h
5 4
1 tt
6 10
73
8
21
1 h
4 1
3 tt
5 6
6 20
7 10
8
ltt 1 2 H. Martin
".2 2. t 2 3 Rutter
.4 2 . ' 3 1 Basslnger ....
3 tt 4 2 Romero
5 6 5 1* McNichols ...
6 40 • 6 40 I. Powell
7 20 7 30 [Perslco
8 8 J. Brown
6-5
6
4
6
*> . ,
8
15
10
1
10
5
8
3
12
40
20
Time— 1-16, MM; 5-16. :31tt: 9-18. :36%; 13-16. 1-3*6* mile. 1:42**; 1 1-16 miles. l:43tt- Win-
ner, F. W. Does & Co.'s ch. g. by Onondago-Elslnore. Good start. Won easily. Second and
The race was put on the card for Opponent and he won It. Joe Mussle was ridden in
the deep going. Ed Gartland failed to go the route to-day. Caspar was trying.
Scratched— Gil berto 103, Annowan 94. Sardonic 103. Petrarch 106. Lodestar 106, Myth 106.
qoq SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Um.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
791 Fleur de Lis, 5.... 117!
826 Din— 'water. 3 94
826 Morinel. 4 95
826 Los Medanos, 3 104
828 Judge Wofford. 3... 79
816 Glengaber, 3 8"
818 Robert Bonner. 5... 93
756 Carrie U, 6 107
3
2
1
5
8
4
7 .
6
1 n
3 tt
5 tt
2 2
7 2
6 1
4 4
8
In
3 2
5 3
2 3
6 3
7 5
4 2
8
■ 1 2
2 h
4 2
3 l
5 tt
7 12
6 10
8
1 1
2 3
3 2
4 2-
5 4
7 15
6 2
' 8
11 I
2 2tt
3 10 :
4 ltt
5 8
6 2 j
7 20
8
Rutter
McNichols ...
Loullller
I. Powell
J. Relff
iBassinger ....
Hal Brown....
J. Brown
7-5
3
3
6
12
15
8
15
6-3
4
4
8
15
50
8
25
Time— tt. :23tt: tt. "50; -. 1:16*4; mile, 1:42%. "Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s br. m. by
Imp Maxim'-FIeur'ette. Good start. Won first three driving.
Fleur de Lis seems to be good again. .Morinel was weakly ridden. Loe Medanos won
do at present. Others bad. ■■
Scratched— lone 95. Sombre 95, Una Colorado 99.
qqq THIRD Steeplechase; short course; handicap; four-year-olds and upward;
OOaJe purse. $400. :
4 J. W. J.
L. J.
Str.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
1 J.
(823) Vanity, 4 ■■■_■■■■■■_ -™]
823 Lord Chesterfield, 5.142
823 Huntsman, a 140
811 University, a 123
823 Monita. a 125 i
835 Imp. Alien. 6 ..125
835 Our Climate, 6 165
572 San Carlos. 4 125
j 2 6 2
1 4 tt
It 2 h
i 111
: 6 7
7 5 8
5 - 3 h .
I 3. „• '■
6 15
3 4
5 4
1 h
7
4 4
22
« 15
3 10
5 2
2
7
4 2
1 1
1 tt
3 20
4 1
3 1
•
•«
1 tt
2 15
3 3
4
1 1 McAuiiffe ....
2 20 Mattier ,
3 15 Hanna ,
4 Rouilller |
| Llvermore ...
... Ambrose
Doane |
. ... Denhart j
7-3
5-2
8
15
10
10
5-2
10
6-3
5-2
10
20
13
15
3
15
•Ran out. ••Fell.
Time— 4:04tt- Winner. E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Rio Bravo-Virgle. Good start. Won first
The race "was made for Vanity and he won It. Lord Chesterfield was meant.
QAfa FOURTH RACE— Three and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
ttm.
*_m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(TH . Sardine ........... ..Vi
£33 Ned Dennis If
£24 Ella Boland 1!
... Illlloutte 1(
... Hindoo Princess.... K
. . . Hllou »
1
II
2
3
4
6
5
I
1 2
-v "--'■
3 4
4 6
6
5 2
1 3
2 tt
3 4
' 4 6
5 tt
6.
12 H. Martin....
2 3 J. Relff ,
3 8 IMcNiehols ...
4 10 Gray
5 1 Powell ;
6 IBasslnger .... I
1-3
6
3
10
12
15
1-3
10
5-2
13
15
.-
Time— 3-16, :lStt: 7-16, :42tt- Winner. E. Corrlgan's ch.' f. by Imp. Bassetlaw-lmp. Sar-
donyx Good' start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
This recital was arranged for Sardine, and she "tin-canned In. Others not In her
class. - - V ■ - ; - . ! . - - .
£*, a* FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; handicap; three-year-olds and upward;
OT*Ie purge, $500. - \ '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
ttm. Rm.
ttm.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(826) Survivor. 3 . 112;
834 Sardonic. 4 ....... ..'OS
811 Mistieton. 4 10o
828 Major Hooker. 4.... 93
807 Charlie Rett, 5...... 80S
4 6
5 ' 3 h
2 1 tt
12 1
3 4 h
3 tt 3 1 11
4 3 2 n 3 4
• la lh * 2 h
2 tt . * 15 * 4 12
5 5 5
1 1
2 h
3 1
4 4
5
1 Va H. Martin.... 1-3
2 1 Rutter i 3
3 2tt McNichols ... 4
4 4 Calley .. 8
5 I J. Relff I 13
1-3
3
5
12
25
Time— :25;"tt,*'.:5l; *.. 1:18; mile. 1:43**; lttm. 2:10*4- Winner. P. Dunne's b. c. by
Strathmore-Ella F. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving-.
The closing number was meant for -Survivor and he Jogged home. - Mistieton might
have been second had the two leaders not taken care of. him.
SUTHERLAND
PROVED TO BE
UNFAITHFUL
Cast Aside Charming
Mrs. Webber.
SUIT FILED IN CONSEQUENCE
DAMAGES ASKED FOR BREACH
OF PROMISE TO MARRY.
:
Widow of a Chicago Physician Re
fuses to Let a Local Capitalist
Tamper With Her Af
■*"■ fections. t <
Through no fault of hers Mrs. Jennie
Webber will not become the bride of Colo
nel W. J. Sutherland, but she demands
$20,000 damages to fill the void in her
abused affections. Mrs. Webber filed suit
against Colonel Sutherland for breach of
promise yesterday afternoon and asked
that judgment be entered in her favor
In the amount named.
The plaintiff In the case is a charming
widow, who arrived from the East in Au
gust last. Colonel Sutherland is. presi
dent of the Holmes Mining Company and
is at present quartered at the Palace Ho
tel. Taking into consideration the sphere
of life ln which both have traveled it is
manifest that an interesting trial will* be
the fruit of the action.
The complaint filed is very brief. It
simply -sets forth that in September of
lS3h, being a single woman and therefore
capable of contracting marriage, Mrs.
Webber accepted a proposal from Colonel
Sutherland and promised to become his
bride. Ever since that time, she avers,
she has been ready and willing to appear
before the altar with the colonel, but he
absolutely refuses to consider her rights
at all and consequently she will make an
effort to make him pay for his perfidy.
A pretty romance is tangled in this suit
for damages. Mrs. Webber is the widow
of a once well-known Chicago physician.
Possessed of some means she decided to
take a trip to this coast and last August
arrived here, accompanied by her little
daughter. She spent a few days at the
Palace and then took apartments at the
Berkshire, where she resides at present.
When she came to this city she brought
letters of Introduction to Colonel Suther
land, who is reputed to be about 50 years
of age and quite wealthy. They soon be
came great friends, often dining together,
and ultimately, as Mrs. Webber states,
became engaged. As evidence of this con
tention Mrs. Webber holds a handsome
solitaire pearl engagement ring, which
the groom-to-be was happy to see her
tv ear until about two weeks ago. They
had a quarrel at that time and Colonel
Sutherland broke the engagement. Then
Mrs. Webber began preparing her plans
to sue him for breach of promise and re
tained H. I. Kowalsky and T. J. Crowley
to prosecute the action.
When Colonel Sutherland heard that
suit was to be filed Mrs. Webber states
that she received an invitation from him
to dinner, but she refused and continued
strengthening her position for the action
ln court.
It is understood that while Colonel
Sutherland admits his friendship for Mrs.
Webber he denies that he ever asked her
to be his bride, so consequently there win
be two sides to the story when it is called
In court for adjudication.
HAS TO DA JUMPED HIS BONDS?
Reported That He Left for Japan on
the Hongkong Maru.
"When the case of K. Toda, charged
with carrying on an immoral traffic in
Japanese girls, particularly relative to a
young girl named Chlyo, was called again
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday an
other continuance for a week was grant
ed at the request of Justice of .the Peace
Groezinger, who heard the testimony.
It was reported yesterday that Toda,
who is out on bonds, had left for Japan
Friday on the steamer Hongkong Maru,
but no notification of the fact was made
to the court.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, -with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-10:3 Mission.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
THEIffINEirSPECIATj^
AND HIS GREAT DISCOVERY
The Discoverer of Swamp-Root at Work la His Laboratory.
Hoi to Promptly Cnre Kidney,
Bladder and Uric Acid Troubles.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of This Great
Discovery Sent Free by Mail.
As we are by nature subject to many "
diseases, the only way to guard against
all attacks on our health is to make a
study of our own physical self.
If a peculiar pain attacks you., try to
locate its origin and discover which or-
gan of the body is sick and in need of
attention. !
If the kidneys are at fault— and in al-
most every case in the failing of our |
health they are— look well to their res- ;
toration to health and strength.
They are the great filterers of our
body, and, consequently, the purity of
the blood is entirely dependent on their
cleansing power?.
If the kidneys are not In a healthy
condition, the blood becomes impregnat- [
ed with impurities and a decay of the '
kidneys soon takes place. If your desire -
to relieve yourself of water increases I
and you find it necessary to arise many
times during sleeping hours, your kid- j
mj-s are sick. As they reach a more un-
healthy stage, a scalding and irritation
takes place as the water flows, and pain
or dull ache in the back makes you mis-
erable. If your water, when allowed to
remain undisturbed for twenty-four
hours, forms a settling or sediment, or
has a cloudy appearance, you are in the :
grasp of most serious kidney disorder.
If neglected now the disease advances
until the face looks pale or sallow, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, the feet
swell and sometimes the heart acts
badly.
There is no more serious menace to
health and strength than any derange-
ment of the kidneys.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of I
A JAPANESE TELLS
OF NATIVE CUSTOMS
SHEGETARO MABIKTJBO AT ME
CHANICS' INSTITUTE.
Delivers an Interesting and Highly
Intelligent Discourse on Chry
santhemum Land and
Its Beauties.
Shegetaro Marikubo, a Japanese, lec
tured before a large audience at the Me
chanics' Institute Library building last
evening. Marikubo has been in the United
States eight years and has attended the
State University at Berkeley. Previous
to his departure from Japan he grad
uated from the Tokio Academy. The sub
ject to which he has devoted the most
study has been philosophy.
Throughout his remarks he interspersed
wit, which with the unique manner of his
expression highly amused his listeners.
The subject of his discourse was "Char
acteristics of Japan." He omitted any
reference to modern advancement in
Japan, but confined himself entirely -to
a history of the prevailing usages. He
touched upon the Japanese idea of
beauty, and its idea of celibacy, marriage
and divorce. „
"Few Japanese remain single, he said.
"It is their nature to marry, and they are
careful In the selection of one who is to
be their partner in life. Beauty, of
course, is admired," but it is not regarded
as an element of high quality or of good
ness." -'"■•"*■"__ .
The queer requisites for those who are
about to unite their hearts and hands
brought smiles to many faces in the au
dience. Marriage he declared to be the
momentous event of life, and every ef
fort is made to thwart a union which is
likely to prove unsuccessful. Among the
preliminaries of engagement is an ex
change of courtesies between the parents
of the contracting parties, which consists
in most cases, of five barrels of wine and
five species of fish. The bride shaves
her eyebrow as a sign that her heart is
to be the property of her future husband
forever. Silence is observed at the mar
riage feast, and nothing but the clinking
of goblets breaks the stillness tor some
time. The bride is attired in white, and
purple is* prohibited, being the symbol, ot
a fading flower and not representing joy
or life The rule of absolute submission
must be observed closely by her.
••Divorce " said Martkufeo, "is consid
ered by the Japanese to "oe disgraceful
and degrading. Once united, husband and
% "'fe wiH suffer much to prevent a dis
ruDtion of the bonds of matrimony. Di
vorce is seldom heard of in the country,
and Generally marriages -are happy ones.
The ground.-, on which a dissolution may
be granted are much the same as the
American law, on the subject.
MRS. ADAMS ARRAIGNED.
Attorneys Expect to Clear Her of the
Charge of Murdering Her Child.
Mrs. Minnie Adams was taken to Act
ing Police Judge Barry's court yesterday
morning. and after Sergeant Duke had
sworn to the complaint charging her with
the murder of her child she' was instruct
ed and arraigned. Attorney J. P. Swee
ney on her behalf asked for a continuance
till next Thursday, afternoon. As there
■was no objection by Prosecuting Attor
ney Carpenter the Judge granted the re-
GUt-St
Q Mrs. Adams begins to show signs of the
awful strain upon her and looked hag
gard and drawn as she sat patiently
waiting in court till her case was called.
She seemed listless and indifferent and
took no interest in what was going on
around her. . ._-_____
Attorney Sweeney has associated with
him Attorneys Gullfoye and Caldwell and
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician and
specialist, and will be found just what
is needed in cases of kidney and blad-
der disorders and Uric Acid troubles
due to weak kidneys, such as lame
back, lumbago, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel*, rheumatism and Bright's dis-
ease, which is the worst form of kid-
ney disease.
It corrects inability to hold water and
promptly overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many
times at right.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
this great remedy is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful
cures, and is sold by druggists in fifty-
cent and one-dollar bottles. Make a
note of the name, SWAMP-ROOT, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remember
it is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. T.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work. in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to
purchase relief, and has proved so suc-
cessful in every case that a special ar-
rangement has been made by which all
readers of The Call, who have not al-
ready tried it. may have a sample bot-
tle sent absolutely free by mall. Also
a book telling more about Swamp-Root
and containing some of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women who owe
their good health, in fact their very
lives, to the wonderful curative proper-
ties of Swamp-Root. Be sure and men-
tion the San Francisco Sunday Call when
sending your address to Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
he says he has no fear of the result. He
asserts the defense has discovered the
woman who purchased the carbolic acid
at • hr's drugstore last Sunday night
and will produce her at the proper time.
She was not Mrs. Adams, he says, and
Policeman Herlihy was mistaken in his
positive identification.
El Dorado's Sons.
The members of El Dorado Parlor No.
52 of the Native Sons of the Golden West
have chosen the following named as its
delegates to the next session of the Grand
Parlor, which is to be held In Salinas
on the 24th of next April: Frank Bragg,
Dr. W. J. Hawkins and D. D. Lowney,
with W. Leavitt. TV. J. Guinnani and J.
J. Mclntyre as alternates. ,>:-;-
This parlor has arranged for a theater
party in the Alcazar on Tuesday evening
next in aid of its ISOO fund. "Nerves" will
be presented. . t*
Mate Moye Escapes.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday Ig
nored the charge against Arthur Moye,
second mate of the American ship Er
skine M. Phelps, for beating and wound
ing seamen. ■ .y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H zm A u\ to
h S It &i g r
- 3 __! \*t« ,- \ I rm ■""•""-
-rj) ,^#^yk,. -f
~jT ty* is r *3W*y S29P* \ __■
a #"?*is__ft_fiS* O
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The old reliable and longest -established special-
ists on the Pacific Coast. '
NERVOUS DEBILITY and all its attend-
ing aliments of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
• back, loins and kidneys and many other' dis-
■ tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
i business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
; special treatment can cure you. no matter who
or what has failed.
WEAK MEN. Lost vigor and vitality re-
. stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
: have been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored to full power, strength and vigor by
bis successful system of treatment,
.RUPTURE cured by his new method with-
; out knife, truss or detention from work— a pain-
' less, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling and
j tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
-1 ing success. .'■■ „ ■ ':.■■'. ?'-
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON*, and
all diseases of the blood promptly and thor-
i oughly cured and every trace of the poison
i eradicated from the system forever, restoring
health and purity.
PRIVATE DISEASES, inflammation, dis-
charges, etc.. which. if neglected or improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and cause
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured. -
Woman's ' Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE if you .cannot call. Letters confi-
: dential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT— The most success-
i ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
! fession. Thousands who were unable to call at
1 office have been cured at home by our special
i treatment.-' Consultation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street,
SAX FRANCISCO.
' OQce Hours— to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 t« 5
j p. m.; Sundays -rem 10 to _,
78
PATTR AGT. YE OFFERINGS :»
• ' — T^f""}"!*-*?, irv f\ WW M B -^ _r*^ *n_n ¥_o
" LADIES' TAILOMADE SUITS. _ -"-^ 11,™^ TDAiIC DOMESTIC
: — mv ssh#"- ~ I fllO If LL l\ U I nMUL- nrm ADT IW CNT I
h i-»wMi3« ««-_« . __ UJurAiA 1 iTiEli 1 !
© At $15.00. . .
* L -177W7 -— g_ — -^Jgtf^ »« we present herewith a list of opportunities. mTTS^. *
© At $20.00. c  -*«.!*•/* ...aaL fl. if mnnnl 1 fail tO t-»C 3D- ISO Pieces OUTING FLANNEL, a heavy fleecy grade in light and medium colorings; value
A T ADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH TAILOR-MAPE SUITS, in black, nary and fly-front for the coming week ll ICIICCI I I I I L iun uui UJJ for 7%c> w| „ be ofCered Bt 5c ya rd.
© Lj^'i-L \}y\ t "rouKhoiM VlthFilis. skirts well made and lined, jackets and skirts hand- lUI UIW VUUHIi^ >|-: r ~
j'Sy "_r_l!l h regular Price ? 27 10. will be effered at each. . *. Vx-., x% w%i !11 »> f** H "Tl d hiirrha-ser of At 5 cents.
• —^^^^ Dreciated by every IlllUlUlllg puiuia^i Ul prated dimities ,a good fabric, in many style, and fafit colors: value tor
• LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. .£ W Goods J .y .*--—. -- -^-^^
• LADIES -Drsc-b-b ©XIX 1 *j_». n r v Goods. flt 6.-. c « n t_.
;„,. - >' •__*___— i^-.—. . Jwe have a matchless collection of Choice ■«i^^ssiis^^'i^i^'fsi^' M^^ ■ -
A I AMES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suiting, lined "with percallne and bound WC' IICIVV- Cl I I lUI t I UV**><? V^i v
T with velvet, regular price "S, will be offere, at ?1 45 -iach. r-rM-Inrl -(...Up At IO CentS.
• , __» BL .c K -o, ™ E « _fl_W»2-__?-_- -_ _™_ «_ -* „- Novelties to select from-our new spring styles „,^ ok S ., s --™ -waatt^v-swraava
. "^.-— — *-2^_ at prices that are unquestionably the --* flt -^-^^ t _.
• «-«_ fifa -«• ,i: "" - b ° m * rt,h *** •» o ?ff , *s«__ i s_-_r__*sarja- -sftrssya-rasji
r>T irK TAFFETA SILK DRESS SKIRTS, trimmed with seven rows of narrow 4M»HH/ H J W^ *« SI V.I H H-T 1 11 V' m^a^ammmuaamm^^^^S'a^mamm^.ia.aim.m.
Js ribbSn vSvet. wen lined and bound, regular price Jl5. will be offered at Itt each. \ H | |A/ M [j H^ i IIP & 1 1 E B 1 ' sso nieces PERCALES. 36 Inches wide, ln light navy and dark red grounds, the latest styles
? At $12.50. \j\3 TT JU-_3 1 il 1 -I iifi^ W^ iii and the best Brade: wlu be offered . at 12 -* c yard *
• I -DIES' PLAIN BLACK SATIN FLOUNCE DRESS SKIRTS, double lined and bound with ■**"" V^ # . > At 1-2 1--25- Cents.
i " velvet, good value for <17 50. will be offered at .12 M each. - .^ pJeee _ PRINTED PIQUES, in the latest styles and colorings; the 15c grade, will be offered
• LADIES' JACKETS. colored euv black — •.— a ___— i-
, l_f-_U^I»-»<^ _»--l.W*».»-^ * V^» \I It /> 1 m pieces PRINTED PIQUES, a flne fabric and a large variety of stripes and dainty figures;
• «T^i^b. Hfacc finndc *Ji"Ll-i I)fP*;<; fiftftdS «_.■_.■* — -—---* «i
• LADIES' KERSKT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with silk, good value for js 50, will . yr ess u ouite. ftPP ABT M P -vr T 1/ i WOO -u vuu^. « « CentS. r „ mat rial and
LA be ofTered at »4 90 each. * V**J^ *V*VfV/M^t || LDAUI M _H M « nieces IMPORTED FRENCH ORGANDIE. 31 inches wide, a dainty sheer material and
• At $7,50. * 1/El Att 1 ill 1 1 • ' P cSe coloring this lot is actually worth 30c, and will be closed out at 15c yard.
A LADIES' KERSET AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, some plain, others trimmed with At 25 CefltS. At 50 CentS. At IS Cents.
f braid, reguiar price »_■ -0. will be placed on sale at %1 SO each. m Pieces DOUBLE FOLD MIXED /-««<-« 50 BLACK ALL WOOL m plpceB MADRAS, 3* inches wide, a very close^ flne material and a choice line of checks
9 At $9.75. *-° T £. I l i , h^nffP-^Jd -*i._*__ "l yard ! At 65 CentS. FRENCH CHEVIOT, 42 inches 175 and plaids; value for 20c, will be offered at 15c yard.
_ ladies' KERSEY AND COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with silk, good mgs, VMii oe °_ a at .0 ' I BLACK FIGURED SATIN AND GROS ! wide; marked down from 65c to 50c ~7^~ _-»nts
• value for J l5, will be placed on eale at |9 75 each. A t ok Ont*; GRAIN BILK, former- price 35c, on > aru - *-+* -^^ *— «s»i*«-=»» •
— At *^ 0 V^entS. sale at 65c a yard. M _, eCM FINE ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, with a silk stripe. 31 inches wide, pretty colorings;
0 At $11. 7 S. 71 pieces 37 INCH ENGLISH ALPA- A|- 75 CeiltS. - value for 35c, will be offered at 25c yard.
, T ADIFS' FINE QUALITY KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with silk, colors CAS, plain colors, worth 50c a yard, «,__, „._,.,- „ V „ TTCII OTn T, IVT —"
A Vlavv. tan brown and green, also black, were $17 50 and $20. will be offered at $11 75 each. on sale at 3oc a yard. At 7J? CentS. 135 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM __
9 r ' I*'*'1 *'*' '■*' • •* AL * *-* w *-""-"" SERGE, 52 inches \vi<i<>; marked ffSft
_ _- /\t 50 CentS. FANCY STRIPED AND PLAID SILK, j down from $1 to 75c yard.' ggj
I '%^^ wide, new spring shade's, on special \± 75 CentS. 20 pieces BLACK GERMAN CREPON, a / S **^^
© « /^_^i sale at SOc a yard. "4-INCH BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, 42 inches marked down from /jLf^LW
0 /l /li _^7^ W^ W / _-ti_ 72 pieces FANCY MIXED COVERT rtf v At 50 CentS. /1 / I _^/W X___L/^ ♦ A, jf jA^
0 I aI li £7 S\ Wm. Jr fc_ _. _f DRESS GOODS. 40 inches wide, At 01.00. . n „,„__«, -pt m-t.' FAvrv pvrr t?tt I B / N 0 ill STtW _# ' 11/7 /
/ R / *-. /af Iff vlkOi/^ % IK ft J^^ M „„,,• rt.^eir-Tis worth 7 r >c a yard will .»•-»*■ 40 pieces BLACK rANCi L^uLlbll | ra I M Mm \I LS I i id B \j//JSr r.
til M M \]lyfrW/9 §imdr / brpliceronraleatMca^ard wm black FIGURED GROS grain silk, ° MOHAIR, full 45 inches wide; IMI3 M J] / It/ &S& fi jg% JVm "%)
© \B\MMIT If M sLf ff ._•**•_£ /_* 'J"i I&mt fcl - p former price $1 25, on sale at Jl a yard. marked down from $1 to 50c yard. IBj Eg im*fdf /A/f Jw/jT ff <&fJf J W /i i_l»
© \J» \___Cl__Pvtß kmWm\wmow\ mr/ %W^rf LADIES* IN TH, in lipht and _ AX * _ ___, TT ,„ " AND " CHECKED & pieces English BOURETTB. 46 >^ByWC^X $$f SP IP'/ W / \spW 1
J /B*/W*XS ißmr yW^9 r W r I I dark shades, former price Jl^a yard, FA^^ . fj r^ ?iceir£ on sa_c at $1 Inches marked down from _/W>CM^__t/ /
I /^/Market Jones and McAllister Sts* / * «^i_ft 1 a ?n 2hS5 fancy fig^Ld 8 I™*1 ™* de son. so pieces „_ new crepon -> a. l jiff Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ /
• I ff lff Barrel, JUIIW aill! AIWAIII3IW _JtV_h, / £2_?_Sde_ Pwo™&soa£rt.on BILK, former price 51*50, on sale at j newest design*^ 'y™£ ins ln prlce wr-ur San Francisco. /
© l/^ L/^ Sqq PrMOiBOO. / special sale at $1 a yard. » 15 a yard. from rcc to J-.50 yard. -w
T _ ' _. ._. -k __ __ a a '*_, j_, __ _<>> <k ma J9k_..««._«s _.<a _. a ..«« a a a a A Mk a «t Ck ma — A — A — A — A — A — A — A — A — 0 — A — Q — A — Q — © — O — 9 O — 9~
CZAR'S ACT MORE
CRUEL THAN WAR
Russification of Finland
Going On.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tor-
Herald. Copyrighted, ISM, by James Gor
don Bennett.
LONDON, March IS.— While the
apostles of disarmament are packing
their trunks for Holland, the author of
this pious conference is committing in
Finland an act more brutal than war.
By solemn treaties the Finns have been
since ISOS bound to Russia by the same
rule. Their own successive Czars have
renewed the pledges, and the Finns
have shown their gratitude by loyally
keeping the .ice.
Suddenly this Czar orders a Russifl
ration of the country, and it is being
flone quietly, but forcibly, as though it
were another Poland. A monster pe
tition Is now preparing from Finns in
different parts of the world, and if the
Russian police refuse it access to
the throne it might possibly prove
an interesting document at the interna
tional peace conference.
Peace conferences, by the way,
have become epidemic in England.
There is one every day or so, where
professional philanthropists and ama
teur speakers find an indulgent audi
ence and do very little harm.
So long as the Government main
tains Its policy of military prepared
ness America, should cherish no illu
sions 'on the subject of disarmament.
America needs an army of at least 100,
--)00 regulars and a supplementary mili
tary school besides West Point. Its
navy, should be doubled, and when it
has got thus far then it will be in a
position to command peace, for peace
3oes not come to those who merely talk
about it. y
OUTBREAK OF RIOTOUS
STRIKERS AT SKAGUAY
Town Placed Under Martial Law
, After an Attack on a Railway
Camp.
VICTORIA, B. <' March 18. — The
steamer Amur, which arrived this morn
ing, reports a riotous outbreak of rail
road strikers at Skaguay. The strikers
made an unsuccessful attempt to drive
non-striking workmen from Camp 1.
White, the ringleader, led a body of men
to Camp 1, where Dr. Whiting, the rail
road surgeon, and a few men stood guard.
White advanced in front of the party,
parleyed for a few minutes and then
•sprang for Whiting, who knocked him
Sown with a rifle, breaking the weapon
and stunning White. The rioters then
dispersed. White will recover.
A hundred men have been sworn in to
isslst the Marshal, and the town is un
3er martial law. The saloons and gam
bling houses have been closed.
A movement is on foot in Skaguay to
-harter a steamer and send the strikers
jvho are causing trouble here, home. Most
Df them are without funds, and would
tjladly come back, y
McCue's Slayer Convicted.
SAN ANDREAS, March 18.— trial of
Henry Moyle, charged with the murder
»f Frank McCue in Angels Camp on Au
rust 18 last r resulted to-day in a verdict
if euilty of murder in the second degree.
The trial occupied • the entire week, and
he jury arrived at an agreement after a
Jeliberatlon of about fourteen hours. "1 he
ury stood from the time of the first bal
lot eleven for conviction of murder in the
iccond degree to one for acquittal.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
« without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GREEN CANDY IS
NOT ACCEPTABLE
Present Promptly Sent
to the Police.
Special Dispatoh to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 18.— Mrs. Julia
A. Mays of 240 Fifth avenue to-day re
ceived by mail a small box of inferior
grade candy, most of it of a green color,
accompanied by a card bearing this in
scription: "To Mrs. Julia Mays', from
Mary, March 17." The woman knew of
no one named Mary whose presents
might assume such form, and she sent
the box, contents and wrapper in which
it was received to the police station by
a hallboy, together with a message that
she thought the candy was poisoned.
Police Captain Price put three de
tectives on the case. At the conclusion
of the day's labors they made their re
port behind closed doors and no part
of it was made public.
"The box came in the early mail,"
said Mrs. Mays, 'and was brought to
my room by the hallboy. 1 noticed that
the writing was perpendicular, but nec
essarily disguised. The box was lined
with green ribbon of a cheap quality.
On top of the candy lay a shamrock
and card.' The first thing that struck
me* as queer was the small quantity
and then the poor quality of the candy.
Coupled with the fact that I knew no
one likely' to send such a gift nor any
one who might see significance in mak
nig me a present on St. Patrick's day,
these made me distrustful, and I imme
diately sent everything to the police."
Mrs. Mays said she had not noticed
at what station the package had been
mailed; neither had she thought to
compare the card with the writing on
the paper.
"I have no violent enemies," she de
clared. "I don't think there is a soul
alive wishful of my death. I don't say
that I believe the candy was poisoned,
j but I am not going to take any
chances."
RETJNION OF PIONEERS.
Sonora Would Entertain the Tuol-
umne Association.
JAMESTOWN, March 18.— Preliminary
steps have been taken with the object of
having the annual picnic and reunion of
the Tuolumne Association of San Fran
cisco held next June in Sonora. The
project has been under discussion since
the completion of the Sierra Railway to
that city, and is received with enthu
siasm in all parts of the county. B. T.
Booze, general passenger agent of the
Sierra Railway, says his company will
grant low rates for the occasion, and it
is reasonably certain the Southern Pacific
will do likewise.
Scattered over the State are thousands
of men and women who formerly resided
in this county who have love for old
Tuolumne and will gladly avail them
selves of low rates and. travel by rail to
visit their old stamping grounds.
FIRE AT WELLINGTON.
The Town Opera House and Other
Buildings Burned.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 18.— A spe
cial from Nanaimo says: While 300
dancers were enjoying themselves in the
Wellington Opera-house early this morn
ing some one in a candy store below over
turned a lamp and tne whole building
was ln flames in a few minutes. The
dancers fled from the building in confu
sion. The flames succeeded in reducing
the opera-house, Grant Jessop's drug
store, a barber-shop and Henderson's con
fectionery establishment to ashes before
they were got under -control. The total
loss is $20,000, about half covered by in
surance. ■•'. •-.--. '-'-*;.— ■*;•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19. 1899.
LIEUTENANT LANE
IS IN DISGRACE
Accused of Scandalous
Conduct.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. March IS.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Charges
of scandalous conduct have been pre
ferred against Lieutenant Clarence E.
Lang of the Second Artillery which will
probably result in the court martial of
that officer, and may lead to a divorce
suit. Lieutenant Lang's domestic
affairs have caused the department
much trouble in the past.
Lieutenant Lang has been ordered to
report to the colonel commanding,
Washington Barracks, pending action
by the War Department on formal
charges which have been made against
him by Major John S. Sewall of the
Engineer Corps. The specific charges
are conduct unbecoming an officer and
gentleman and scandalous conduct
prejudicial to good order and military
discipline. The specifications which
Major Sewall- has also prepared set
forth that Lieutenant Lang, who is a
married man, has been living for the
last five days at a fashionable boarding
house in X street, this city, under the
name of Mr. Daniels, and that a woman
not his wife has been with him, who
has passed as Mrs. Daniels.
Major Sewall lives at the same board
ing house. He was at the Military
Academy at the time Lieutenant Lang
was a cadet there, and recognized his
old schoolmate, but was astonished to
find he was traveling under an assumed
name. He knew that Lieutenant Lang
had married the daughter of a commis
sary sergeant at West Point, and, while
making due allowance for the few years
that have passed since he was ac
quainted with Mrs. Lang as a girl, he
recognized at once that the woman
with the artillery officer was not his
wife.
Major Sewall promptly reported the
matter to his superior officers, who ad
vised him to put his charges into writ
ing, which he has done. He also spoke
to the landlady, and "Mr. and Mrs.
Daniels" are no longer under the .same
roof with Major Sewall.
The matter was taken up at army
headquarters yesterday and an order
was issued directing Lieutenant Lang
to report to General Miles at 10 o'clock,
when he received instructions to report
without delay to the colonel command
ing, Washington Barracks. "Mrs. Dan
iels" left, unaccompanied by "Mr. Dan-
iels."
Lieutenant Lang came to this city on
Monday last on sick leave. He is eli
gible for promotion, and the intention
was to order him before the board in
this city for examination for that pur
pose. An effort is being made to in
duce him to resign so as to avoid the
scandal of a court martial. It is re
ported here that Lieutenant Lang
separated from his wife about a year
ago. !
No Smallpox at Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA, March 18.— Santa Ana has
no smallpox. The quarantine on the home
of Mrs. Orr, a suspect, was raised to-day,
her- case proving to be only arsenic poi
soning from wallpaper while her house
was being decorated. .y.yy
fends Life With a Bullet.
JAMESTOWN, March : 18.— Warren L.
Litchfield, a blacksmith, committed sui
cide by shooting himself at Stent last
evening. He was 46 years old and a na
tive of Massachusetts. _-s y . - ■;• ; - y-ry
McKINLEY AGAINST
HIS OLD OPPONENT
The Tickets for Nineteen
Hundred.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 18.
The meeting of President McKinley,
Senator Hanna and Mr. Piatt in
Thomasville, Ga., the Belmont din
ner in New York and the early discus
sion of the place of holding the national :
conventions Indicate that the Presi
dential campaign has opened a year ;
ahead of the usual time.
The friends of Reed, too, gave a din
ner, said to have been for the purpose
of launching his Presidential boom.
The distribution of patronage has, as
usual, made a good many enemies for
the Presidential incumbent, and these
dissatisfied place hunters and their
friends propose to rally round the Reed
standard. Failing in this it is generally
believed they will fall into the Roose
velt camp.
Mr. Hanna has doubtless observed
this, and it probably explains why he
has summoned a council of the friends
of the President to take Immediate
I stops to head it off and prevent it from
becoming dangerous. As soon as Sen
ator Hanna returns from Thomasville,
which will be about the Ist of April, it
is understood he will call a meeting of
the executive committee of the Repub
lican National Committee. The meeting
will take place in Washington and the
machinery of the party will be set in
motion.
In this way Senator Hanna hopes to
forestall any opposition to Mr. McKin
ley that may be developed. While Mc-
Kinley and Bryan are strong favorites
for the Republican and Democratic
nominations there is a big minority in
each organization that is working
against them. General opinion hero is
that if the national conventions should
be held within the next few months
both McKinley and Bryan would prob
ably be nominated without serious op
position, but the events of the next
twelve or fourteen months may change
the situation materially.
"Mr. Bryan's friends," said a Bryan
man to-day, "will certainly control the
i Democratic National Convention next
year. They will organize the conven
tion and appoint the committee on con
tested seats. It is safe to say that
there will be contesting delegations
from New York and every State where
the men in control of the party ma
chinery refuse to indorse tho Chicago
platform of 1896. We will not admit
delegates that do not stand squarely
•upon the Chicago platform, as the
point will be made that they are not
Democrats. A majority of the conven
tion will have absolute control of this
matter and can act as it sees fit. Un
less the anti-Bryan people can capture
a clear majority of the delegates to the
Democratic National Convention they
will not be able to defeat Mr. Bryan's
nomination. Two-thirds rule or no
two-thirds rule, we do not propose to
let the tail wag the dog."
Frost Damages Fruit.
WOODLAND, March 18.— Mr. Hamilton,
a -prominent orchardlst of Capay "Valley,
reports a severe frost In upper Capay Val
ley on Thursday night. lie estimates the
damage to his own crop at $3000, and says
others, from Tancred to Rumsey, a dis
tance of twenty, miles, were damaged In
tho same proportion. Apricots and
almonds were affected-
SAMOAN AFFAIRS
ONLY PATCHED UP
Whole Question Not Yet
Settled.
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, March IS.— Dealing with
the report that an arrangement has
been arrived at* on the subject of Sa
moa, the Morning Post to-day says:
"It is a mistake to suppose that the
whole question is in a sure way to sat
isfactory settlement. This is impossible
while the Berlin act remains in force,
and, as the present would be a most un
desirable moment to make a change, it
may be assumed that things will be
patched up for a while. Just now, when
the relations between Germany and
Great Britain and the United States are
the most friendly in many years, it
would never do to run the risk of a
sudden rupture by getting matters in
disorder in Samoa. Perhaps the diffi
culty will solve Itself. At any rate, the
Australian federation should assist in
the solution, as not only will the federa
tion increase the Interest of Australia
in Somoa, but, in any diplomatic nego
tiations in the future, * federated Aus
tralia will greatly strengthen the case
for Great Britain."
The Indian Government bill imposing
countervailing duties on bounty-fed
sugar has caused a flutter in Radical
circles. It is frankly and avowedly a
protectionist measure. The Secretary
of State for India, Lord George Hamil
ton, in the House of Commons declared
that the object of the bill was to pre
vent the indigenous trade of India from
being undermined by subsidized foreign
products.
This, the Radicals point out, is a pro
tection pure and simple, and they ex
press fear that it may the thin edge of
the protection wedge, and that it may
eventually be transplanted to Great
Britain with quite as much reason as in
its adoption in America.
The Daily Chronicle remarks! "There
Is a strong Impression that this Indian
duty is intended as a feeler to an Eng
lish duty, and the whole free trade posi
tion is imperiled."
Henry Labouchtrt In Truth calls
the bill a "contemptible and Iniquitous
measure," and says: "The Government
is going to try an Indian reactionary
protectionist policy, which It would not
dare to Introduce m home. The bill
may be the firm step toward a general
system of protection, which will do«
cide our claims of* supremacy once and
for all." ■'■-,-*"-
Ah Rudyard 'Kipling perceived a
moral danger to ""' Ration in the great
jubilee triumph, no the Spectator this
week sees a moral danger for Kipling
himself, when he comes to knew fully
the world-wide homage his genius and
Influence Called forth when the news
of his aeemlnglj approaching danger
was announced, Accordingly, the Spec
tator preaches a homily on "the glare
or publicity"! and lis Insidious moral In
fluences,
The fact that the Pat la Exposition is
drawing somewhat near la shown by
the great Incrcaso In the number of for
eigners'residing at the French capital.
Every foreigner staying over three
months in France -Is obliged to report
himself to the prefecture of police, and
it is announce- thai during the past
few weeks the number of foreigners
presenting themselves has risen by
leaps and bounds. In the meanwhile,
j the Parisians . are disagreeably re-
I minded of the approach* of the great
1 show. The many streets under repair
NO BOOK BETTING
ON PARIS RACES
Layers of Odds Driven Out iQ
the Interest of the Paris
Mutuels.
PARIS, March 18.— A feature of the week has been the decision of
the authorities to put a stop to book betting on racecourses, in the in
terests of the paris mutuels. Two per cent is levied for charities upon
money which goes through this machine and this is held to be in some
sense a justification of its existence. Owners and heavy bettors object
to the mutuels because one cannot tell what odds are likely to come
out and without an occasional coup, made by betting, few owners could
afford to keep up their racing stables.
Encouraged, possibly, by the recent decision of the English House of
Lords, the bookmakers and their patrons are thinking of going to law
to ascertain whether book bets are really contrary to legislation. An
act of 1891 forbids "bookies" to offer to bet with all comers, and it is
desired to obtain a judicial declaration as to the exact meaning of those
words.
Meanwhile a delegation of the fraternity- waited on the Prefect of Po
lice with two suggestions: One that the ring be established as in Eng
land; the second, that a special book be issued with stubs, which would
form a check on transactions and enable taxes to be collected for chari
ties, as in the paris mutuels. They contend that in the latter case
the receipts for the poor would be doubled.
have terribly upset traffic, omnibuses
have been diverted into side streets,
starting points have been altered and
the River Seine steamers have run er
ratically, since several of their landing
stations have been suppressed, the
general result being a great inconveni
ence to everybody.
A millionaire named Alfred Stern,
son of the late Baron Stern, was de
clared Insane yesterday. He Is said to
be worth $15,000,000 and recently cre
ated a disturbance at Marlborough
House, the town residence of the Prin
cess of Wales, by attempting to force
an entrance there under the halluci
nation that he is the Prince Of Wales.
Stern has always insisted upon being
addressed "royal highness," and when
strangers approached him he always
covered his head with a towel or news
paper. He has been in the habit of
clapping his hands for half an hour to.
gether in "order to summon ths ghosts
of Wellington and Napoleon."
A silver fox skin was sold nt auction
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"*" ~ _ ,»_ « rt ■
• # # # • • • • •—*-- •-• • • • • • #-*^- aJ#^
, AA ELECTRIC t
« BELTS! J
~T9v It ] / X. "*" buying an Electric Belt there are two 9
J*-*' /-"="• ( -3 \. **ay« of placing yourself on an exact leve. |
yy II 7 ._ __#■ with ,he gentleman whose open counten- A
/ V k "-"■•T once ls depicted on our left. |
1 /M | « - V-"*"""__*_r' Th " first 's to allow yourself to be per- A
J^/a VW^ suaded by a quack to part with from UO am
Wssmft J 1 **^%* to -* 50 "**"• exchange for an old-faShloned I
/ \1 Belt, actually not worth more than $3, and 0
I ,V ANO the second method is to stumble Into a i v
_,■ mm v. _• ■] jbb drug store and pay from $10 to $20 for some X
f y*-*r-.y. /_ „ so-called Electric Belt that has. cost the *"*»'
/ il IfAnrosaJf druggist about $1 25 at wholesale.
I 1 A / / _.« _, Now, the RIGHT way to do when you #
I _■* il\ UPON want a GOOD Electric Belt, is to look up
HI . _ // -.v some reliable firm that MAKES Belts. - %
A V I 'iAT Z*. -**" * Well, we make 'em. at from $3 50 to $25 *''
n\ i X *_ (l *}£_) each, and have been established 24 years. I
If I \ /-_>_■ -^y n t'^^&f Come and see us. or send 2 cents in stamps A
I V /¥$ \ 1 1 '^ t^»___ * or "Booklet No. 2.'' ' Address I
VW^f-Uifr^ PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., J
, y}f^'o'o; -y vL<£"' 620 MARKET STREET ;J '
*" *"* l ''' (Opposite Psltce Hotel, S. F. 0
yesterday and fetched the record price
of $1500. ■■__ y
ODD FELLOWS' GRAND
LODGE IN SESSION
Meeting Held at Auburn for the Con-
ferring of the Fast Grand
Degree.
AUBURN, March IS.— A special session
of the Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows was
held here to-night. Among those present
were Grand Master Karl Brueck, Grand
Secretary' George T. Shaw, Grand War
den J. L. Robinette. Past Grand Master
Ezra Parson and District Deputy H. P.
Jansen. Delegations were present from
Lincoln, Rocklln. Penryn, Newcastle,
Colfax and Dutch Flat.
After the conferring of the past grand
degree, for which the Grand Lodge ses
sion was held in order that all past grands
might avail themselves, a banquet was
served. Toasts were drunk and speeches
made. There were 200 Odd Fellows and
Rebekahs present.DELVING FOR BODIES
IN WINDSOR'S RUINS
NEW YORK, March 18.— Through
the incessant rain to-day, their
efforts hindered by a choking
smoke that arose from the half
quenches ruins, more than 200
men from the building, police and fire
departments sought, but with only
half-satisfactory results, for bodies of
persons believed to have perished in
yesterday's fire at the Windsor Hotel.
Most of the time the smoke was so
dense that the workmen could scarce
ly see their hands before their faces,
and the heat from the mass of debris,
glowing red in places, held the rescuers
almost beyond its limits. Besides, the
remnants of the walls left standing
were so shaky and threatening that it
would have been dangerous to allow !
the men to work about the mass of
riveted j iron and brick. Efforts were
concentrated on clearing away the de
bris, removing weak walls, drilling the
chimneys and other parts of the walls
for blasting and making the way safe
for the men to dig in the ruins for the
bodies.
No more bodies were taken from the
seething mass of ruins to-day. The
latest estimate to-night ls sixteen dead,
sixty-six missing and fifty-seven In
jured. It is believed the men will be
able to proceed with the grewsome
search to-morrow with more satisfac
tory results. Several engines had kept
their stations all night long, throwing
heavy streams of water on the ruins.
Occasionally a mass of flame would
struggle up from some unnoticed spot
like a bubble and burst away as the
streams played on it. Through the day
explosions of gas punctuated the con*
tinual pumping of the engines.
The scene of devastation in the im
mediate vicinity of the fire can scarcely
be Imagined. Broken and blackened j
windows, wrecked doors, smashed rail- |
ings, dirt and general debris surround I
almost every house. Countless thou
eands of spectators, pouring from every
street and avenue and from every tran- j
sit line that passed near the scene of j
the great holocaust and from the pri- J
vate carriages as well, packed the sur
rounding thoroughfares all day, press
ing as close to the ruins as the restrain
ing police lines would permit, and
straining their eyes in the hope of
catching sight of some ghastly part of
the spectacle. One hundred policemen
held back the crowd.
At intervals the lifting smoke showed
the fire engines, puffing almost solemn
ly, and their silent attendants at their
sides. Beyond, where all eyes sought
to reach, rose two gaunt columns of
masonry, all that remained standing of
the hotel.
Warren F. Leland, the proprietor of
the Windsor, had somewhat recovered
to-day, but was still in a feeble condi
tion. He is as yet unable to account
for the origin of the fire.
It was learned to-day that Elbridge
T. Gerry had the building and furni
ture that belonged to the hotel fully In
sured, and even the annual rental, for
which he indemnified himself with poli
cies aggregating $75,000. Mr. Gerry car
' ried policies aggregating $595,000 on the
building and had insurance for $120,000
on the furniture. In addition to this j
Mr. Leland had policies aggregating
$100,000 on his own furniture in the ho
tel Most of the policies that covered ,
the hotel were written; with corpora
POSTUM CEREAL.
ABOUT COMPLEXIONS.
A Subject Nearest a Woman's
Heart.
"What a good fresh color you have!"
said my friend Mrs. S. one morning
about a year ago. "Do tell me what
you have been, doing to yourself?"
- ' I laughed and said, "If I should tell
you, you would hardly believe it, and
yet I want you to look at me again and
pee if you really appreciate what a
great difference there is between my
present looks and how I was two or
three months ago."
"Well," she said, "my dear, I don't
want to flatter you, but really I don't
know when I have seen as beautiful a
complexion as you have, and (pinching
my cheek) 1 believe it is all natural."
"Yes." I said, "it is all natural. It is
a complexion made on the inside and
not on the out." "Well, do tell me
about it," she said. "I am a perfect
martyr to dyspepsia and feel almost
discouraged, having tried so many dif-
ferent kinds of medicines, and got no
relief."
I said, "You will have to stop coffee
entirely!" "Oh, bless your heart, • I
can't do that," she said. "Well, that
is what I thought, but Dr. said,
'You will never know the difference in
leaving off coffee if you will use Pos-
tum Food coffee, being sure that it is
properly boiled to bring out the flavor,'
and he added, 'there are certain ele-
ments in the food coffee that I know
from experience with patients really
go to build up a strong, healthy ner-
vous system, and that is the foundation
for true health.'
"So I went at it, and I want to em-
phasize the necessity of following the
directions in making Postum, for when
I first began to use it I did not heed
. them strictly, and the beverage was al-
most a failure, but I concluded that the
fault must be mine, and tried again,
with the most gratifying results."
A week or two later I met my friend
. again, and she scarcely looked like the
same woman. "I am feeling so well."
she exclaimed, "and I owe you the
thanks. Why, when I was talking to
* you before I had such a headache and
a burning distress in my stomach,
while all the time my liver was dis-
turbed, I was constipated and the kid-
neys more or less affected. All the
.world looked blue," and she laughed
heartily as she told of the old troubles,
* "but they have gone now, and to-day
everything is rose colored. How can
I thank you enough and I can tell you
now that I was. in danger of losing my
position (she is a deputy in the offlce
of the land commissioner at the State
House). I don't understand how peo-
ple can get into and keep along with
such habits, but they don't really know
what the trouble is. That was the case
-with me, and I suppose It was the
case with you, was it not? ."."*',
I said, "and, by the way, I want to tell
you another item. My baby boy, two
years old, was a puny, fretful, crying
child until 1 began feeding him on
lightly toasted bread broken into Pos-
tum Now he is the picture of health
nnd weighs forty pounds." Surely
' there are more things in our philosophy
than we have dreamed of. Mrs. Geo.
E Bigelow. 2375 Sixth St., Lincoln, Neb
NOTE— 37S prizes of Grc^rjbacks and
Gold will be paid for tru~if ul letters
regarding experience in coffee drink-
ing See' statement in this paper March
26, headed "More Boxes of Gold."
If you miss the paper, write to the
Postum Co., at Battle Creek, Mich.
NOVELIST GUNTER
PROBABLY PERISHED
NEW YORK, March 18.— Archibald Clavering Gunter, the well-known
novelist, was a patron of the Windsor Hotel, and it is feared by friends
who have not seen him since the fire that he lost his life with his child.
Colonel Thomas Ochiltree said to-night: "Mr. Gunter was in my
apartments an hour before the fire, and I have no doubt that his body
will be discovered in the ruins of the. hotel. He was a very large, stout
man and was a constant sufferer from asthma, and would find it difficult
to make his escape through the smoke."
tions that have their main offices In
other States than New York.
No estimate can be made of the pre
cious metal and gems which have with
stood the flames and lie hidden In the
embers and wreckage of the great ho
tel. One family lost jewelry valued at
$200 000 and the total will run up some
where near $1,000,000. How much has
been picked up and carried away can j
never be known nor can all ever be re
covered.
Mrs. Nancy Kirk, who lost her life,
tnd her daughter, Miss Mary Kirk, had
he family jewels, valued at more than
&200.000. with them. There were scores
jf other wealthy families who lived in
the hotel, and who' lost jewels worth
thousands of dollars.
Following is the list of dead corrected
at 9 o'clock to-night: -_,__.,
CONNOLLY, John, employe of hotel,
burns and internal injuries; died at
Flower Hospital.
FLANAGAN, Kate, 40, chambermaid
of hotel; died at Flower Hospital from
the effects of burns and injuries.
GIBSON, Mrs. Addle, 35 years of age,
Cincinnati, shock; died at Murray Hill
Hotel.
GOODMAN, Eleanor Louise, 17 years
old daughter of . Samuel Goodman of
this city, fractured skull; died at Belle
vue.
GRANDY, Miss Lacelles, of Elizabeth
City, N. C, here on shopping tour;
Uurn'ed to death.
HENRY Mrs. Mehitable, widow of
Dr. Morris P. Henry, internally in
jured; died at Roosevelt Hospital.
KIRK, Nancy Ann, 72, widow of
James S. Kirk, soap manufacturer of
365 Ridge avenue, Chicago; died at
Bellevue Hospital..
LELAND, Mrs. Warren, wife of pro
prietor of hotel, burns on body; died at
Flower Hospital.
LELAND, "Miss Helen, daughter of
the proprietor of the hotel, found dead
at fire.
PADDOCK, Amelia, 35 years of age,
of Irvington. N. V.; died at scene of
fire
SULLIVAN, Mary, died at Bellevue.
UNKNOWN WOMAN, who jumped
from a Fifth-avenue window; died at
Helen Gould's home.
UNKNOWN MAN. jumped from roof
at rear of hotel; body not recovered.
UNKNOWN CHILD, thrown from
window by mother; body not recovered.
UNKNOWN WOMAN, mother of
child, jumped from hotel window; body
not yet recovered.
UNKNOWN WOMAN, jumped from
window; died at 19 East Forty-sixth
street. _ ..
Following is a corrected list of those
guests missing since the fire in the
Windsor Hotel yesterday:
Mrs. Mary Anglon, 45 years old, wife
of T. A. Anglon of New York: Miss
E S. Adams; Jane Bruit, 40 years; Mrs.
W. C. Bradley of Philadelphia; Flos
sie Boyce, 8 years, daughter of W. S.
Boyce, said to have been rescued by
father and afterward disappeared: Mrs.
M. G. Brush, Mrs. Boyd and daughter;
Mary Clair, chambermaid; Mrs. Demo
rasch, 50 years; Eva Dressier, cham
bermaid; Miss Egan, Charles Ford;
Miss Margaret Fuller, daughter of A.
M Fuller of Philadelphia, and sister
of Mrs, Thomas Carnegie of Pittsburg;
Warren Guyon, elevator boy; Miss
Dora Hoffman. Baltimore; Miss Jose,
servant; Mrs. D. J. Johnson; Alexan
der Johnston and wife, Newburyport.
Mass.; Alice Kelly, 17 years, servant;
Fred Leland, room clerk, cousin " of
Warren Leland; D. Lynch. Miss Mag
gie Lowrey; Harry W. Lowrie, 22 years,
New York; Mary Lanney; Mrs. Isa
bella McDonald, 45 years, widow, fam
ily living at Toronto; Miss Annie Tay
lor Morgan, 40 years; Miss Catherine
Morgan. Kate McConnell, Miss M. Mc-
Nultv Lizzie McDonald, New York;
Catherine V. McCarthy, New York:
Henry McCarthy, Jennie MeKenna. 35
years, chambermaid; Jennie Morat. 30,
chambermaid; Mr" Nash, Annie Nellie,
known at hotel as Annie Malloy: Mrs.
Patterson, wife of Judge Patterson of
Colorado; Mrs. L. H. Purdy, 70 years,
of Purdy's Station, New York; Mrs. D.
S Salomon, widow; Miss Rosanna
Salomon, 27 years old, her daughter:
Kate Shea, 40 years, servant; Mrs. J.
H Stokes, this city; Miss Adella.Simp
son 20 years, of South Orange: Mary
Sleman, 22 years, this city; Mary Soy,
23 years, laundress; Annette Upham,
daughter of ex-State Senator Upham
of Vermont; A. W. V. Van Vechten.
New York; Miss M. Vail, Purdy's Sta
tion, N. V., granddaughter of Mrs. I.
H Purdy; Mary Walsh, servant; Annie
Ward, chambermaid; Sanford Robin
THE SAINT FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899..
son, 45 years, and a woman who is
either his wife or daughter, supposed
to live in Lordsburg, N. M.; Aaron
Bischoffshaven, Germany.
The work of removing the debris was
begun late to-night, when a gang of
about 200 experienced men were
put to work. The timbers and bricks
were so hot and the smoke still so thick
that the work progressed slowly. Gas
oline tanks and electric light plants
were placed in various places. The men
devoted most. of their time to the Fifth
avenue and Forty-sixth street sides. As
they cleared away the outer portion of
the debris, they found portions of the
ground floor still intact. Up to a late
hour the only articles found to. reward
the laborers were three battered trunks
partly filled with clothing.
In front of the hotel, where the bal
cony had stood and where the struc
ture had been eight stories high, there
was a pile of bricks and twisted iron
supports forty feet high. The wall of
this part fell neither in nor out. It col
lapsed and fell upon Itself. With its
fall, which was early in the fire, all
hope for any one left in the building
was gone. How many had managed
to reach the doorway when it fell will
not be known until the mass ls cleared
away. That will be several days.
The men who are clearing the wreck
will work in shifts and be watched by
the police and a corps of inspectors to
guard against the possibility of mak
ing way with any valuables they may
find. Nearly every guest who was saved
lost expensive jewelry or jewels. Some
lost diamonds to the value of many
thousands.
In front of the building a one-story
frame house has been erected. This
will be the office of the contractor and
the police headauarters also. To this
all valuables will be taken.
When the hour of the change of shifts
arrives the men coming off duty will be
called into this place and searched for
valuables. No laborer will be per
mitted to leave his work and go out
side the lines or communicate with a
person inside the lines while at work.
The last will and testament of Benja
min E. Jones, executed May 17, 1894,
was found this afternoon. It disposed
of a quarter of a million dollars in
property. Attached to it was a codicil
which provides for the disposition of
ether property. The will was turned
over to the building department. Near
the same spot some railroad bonds were
picked up. They were wet and badly
burned. What bonds they were could
not be determined.
Some of the bodies in the ruins may
be recovered Monday or Tuesday. It
will take a week to get at some of them,
and perhaps it will take twice that
long to get at those in the cellar.
Every preparation has been made for
handling of bodies. Wagons with
stretchers will be inside the lines and
the Coroner will take charge of the
bodies at once.
The home of Helen Gould was a point
of interest to-day to sightseers. Hun
dreds who managed to get inside the
lines waited around in hope of catch
ing a glimpse of the woman whose
charitable acts yesterday and to-day
were so spontaneous. The police threw
a guard around the house. It had been
slightly damaged by fire. Miss Gould
and her brother Frank occupied the
house Friday night although they had
permitted it to be turned into a hos
pital and morgue during the fire. To
day three men were slightly hurt while
working about the walls. They were
taken to the Gould home and waited
there until the arrival of an ambulance.
CARDINAL HATS FOR
IRELAND AND CORRIGAN
NEW YORK, March 18.— special cable
to the Sun from London says:' Cardinal
Vaughan is reported to have received in
formation leaving little doubt that the
Pope has decided to raise Archbishops
Corrigan and Ireland to the Card in aI.
and accord a similar honor to a British
prelate. It is not likely the promotion
will be announced in the coming con
sistory, because the programme of that
function was settled several months ago.
Nevertheless, if it is permissible to ap
praise such matters by the ordinary mun
dane standard, the chances are small for
either Archbishop Ireland or Archbishop
Corrigan to receive a red hat from Leo
XIII. ' The Pope can scarcely live until
the next consistory, and It Is almost im
possible that he will be in this world when
the summer consistory should be held.
Elegant Guitars and Banjos are sold
for $10 at Mauvais', 769 Market st. •
DEPOSITORS JOE
WEARY OF DELAY
Threaten to Sue Union
Bank Directors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 18.— executive
committee of the organized depositors
of the Union Savings Bank have de
cided to make a formal demand for 25
per cent of the amount due depositors
just as soon as there is a legal board
of directors to manage the affairs of
the Union Savings Bank. This was
decided on at the meeting of the com
mittee to-day. The delays that are oc
curing have angered the depositors
and these 1500 victims of the bank are
now clamoring for their money and
demading that the stockholders be
sued. Twenty-five per cent of deposits
will be demanded in thirty days from
the time of notice. If the coin is not
forthcoming the directors will be sued
and asked to pay their proportion and
costs Only those financially respon
sible'will be sued. It is believed such
suits will cause the directors to take
speedy action. .
The writ of review asked by C. P.
Breslan of Judge Lorigan's action in
appointing a board of trustees will
come up before Judge Beattie Monday,
and after this decision is rendered it
is not believed there will be a hitch over
a directorate.
BARTON'S PRACTICABLE
FLYING MACHINE
The Airship Starts on Wheels and
When Afloat Is Driven by-
Clockwork.
NEW YORK, March 18.— special cable
to the World from London says: A prac
ticable flying machine has been invented
by Dr. Barton of Beckenham, near Lon
don. The World correspondent was present
Thursday at the first exhibition of Bar
ton's airship. The experiment was also
witnessed by Colonel Yorke, representing
the military ballooning department.
The Woolwich experimental machine ls
a huge toy twenty-one feet long, depen
dent on a complicated bamboo arrange
ment rigged fort; and aft with aerophones,
a sail in front and a rudder In the rear.
Above is an elongated balloon. The ship
starts on wheels, and when afloat is
driven by clockwork.
After some trouble the ship rose in the
air and made two trips about a quarter
of a mile each. The motions were some
what erratic, but the Inventor explained
that "this is not a fair example of its
capabilities. The strong, gusty wind pre
vailing subjects it to a severe test.
Colonel Yorke considered the apparatus i
uncertain.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMAN'S RIGHTS I ¥5F
The m§W\ way lo Gel Them and the Right Man to GiveTiiem. f sy|aH
THE natural rights of every woman are health and happiness. Every woman who has these I fc^.'^^Bffi
**^-e^ > _ can hold her own in any sphere. Mere artistic or surface beauty cannot vie \A MS^JMffmW^
permanently with the beauty which health and happiness confer. )\ /Ym^B^^Sr
THE RIGHT OF HEALTH can be assured to ninety-eight women out of every hundred. l^^ jm^^^^^WX[i
This assurance is given by Dr. Pierce after more than thirty years' experience in the treatment and J O^S^-Y^XjSM I
cure of female diseases, in which time he has confidentially treated, with assistance of his staff of tfefT^^^^^**^^^
trained specialists, over half a million ailing women. ""^ Tl&*£{f -^§?3£
CONSIDER CAREFULLY THESE FACTS.— A woman's general health depends on the local \V
health of the delicate, womanly organs. When these are deranged or diseased, the complexion becomes djflfflfrm* \\\
sallow or muddy, there are dark rings under the eyes, the back aches, there is nervousness, restlessness Wf?L3 1
and irritability. Following debilitating drains or female weakness, the body loses its roundness as the *% W T^Jf I
face loses its fairness. Cure these local diseases, drive out these aches and pams, and the complexion H___WWJi_f
becomes bright and clear and the body regains its graceful lines and curves. JP^jSg^
WOHAN'S LOCAL HEALTH can be restored. Facts prove it. Ninety-eight times in every f_ \^S3ly/j\ I
hundred cases, female diseases are cured by Dr. Pierce. This great percentage is not based upon the { <*;) v^f|S/)/ jy/
treatment and cure of a few hundreds, but upon the treatment and cure of more than five thousand *ys- I *W#J_^^ //
HALF A MILLION WOHEN, and more, have been restored to the enjoyment of the right of W^py^.W^
health by Dr. R. V Pierce. Are you one of the two women whose condition can not be perfectly cured? ■W , '-*nvJy " u^\"*'
Or are you one of the ninety-eight who can be perfectly and permanently cured by Dr. Pierce? You can AH' , Jf^i^^^iL
find out with little trouble and no expense. Any sick woman is invited to consult Dr. Pierce by letter /f^jfk V> JgZ&xft rf
absolutely without charge or fee. Write fully and fearlessly. Your letter will be read in private, 7**^^^gTV~f^Jk* .
~^-*2&3^^ ■ answered in private, and a reply sent in a private % S&&' 9 * , 7*~^*~r
y^S3M*->M|^w envelope closely sealed and bearing no advertising or &%?■
/+r^ other rintin £ u P "*• Address Dr. R. V. Piercis, Ar Aobafa*ne\
fy MISR t " '"" WJZW " I believe I owe my life to Dr. Pierces remedies and have ff "^ sf\
M '^^ffii^l^^^^^'^^L VPI long felt it: my duty t0 cx P ress m - v deep beart-^ ll gratitude to fk A^m^C \$L
L< Wmm-'' ''" ''ttfff WK O. Havzel, writing from Brook land, D. C. '' Six years ago after ll x\ *^^^ ,
ran S^^ffl^^v\p^|«iy I*\ the birth of one of my children I was left in a weak, run down A O. bEHMHSw A —^--^
(0) * .^^^S^S^T («) condition. My health seemed utterly gone. I suffered from A I
(*{ ;>-.- *j__B-B -^_M^HBs --^=r W nervousness, female weakness and rheumatism, and I suffered 'yX 11 H "WT \ x Ti —
>"% y7^s~= **W^W_ff?_^el_rL ~~=^^__ ' m everything one could suffer from these complaints. Life was a \\\\ f&mmj& l\T
If \ <^£= i^__H_______r7_^E^r^=? W burden. I doctored with three different physicians and got no V I I /J^^^sL VN—
(X 777^^SmS\ \Jz&&S£slS=k W relief. I tried several patent medicines, all with the same re- T*<*4J_i_^^i_^^^H_ "S"^
V*< ,y7^^^^^^^^^J^^^W^W^ r W sult - I began to get worse and to add to the complications I !&*—>_ fi€*
/SJn (09 suffered terribly from constipation. I chanced to see one of I
V) '^^SSP__^ /^^^-^^^^-^l^^^^^^ : CT your advertisements and concluded to try the above remedies. : \?=s Nl> _ ii^^'*-*--^----'^___! s=^
Wk. W^^W^l r f^l "Pleasant Pellets' and began to improve right away, and con- £""
T^ill^? - <yy' -Ty/ ** - " /sTO*__L would never have been able to endure my confinement only by flF^«____- Tv
i^_S___«^^-_____ - e&w^gSS™) the help due solely to Dr. Pierces medicines. She was a fine ißf*"^^^ > V,
SyP^^y^J-\ ' - ,-*. healthy child and the only one I ever have been able to nurse. '•fT, -V V
ll ii ) l\l Yl^-\ a <rtAA MO. i She is now two years old and I have never had to take any \
' 111./ Ij-j/A /I^->C/ c^^K ' ™"s medicine since, so I feel that your medicine has made a lasting r"^^ >«l¥>^
j 7Vr y - ~. ■ "■• cure with me. I owe so much in thanks, it would be impossible A>''.l £ %f /«''■■'& J 7\\ II
II WOMANS MEDICAL ADVISER J) p forme to express by word or pen how thankful lam to God Fj^Sjf^M ( 7) > /
f)R. PIERCES FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION
makes WEAK women strong II is strictlg a Temperance Medicine r^^^^^^
AND SICK WOMEN WELL. €****%* Aieo&oi. oplßm or Or_WiMif ■»«*■ Zj4^^
LOUBET GENEROUS
TO THE RUBBLE
Causes Prosecutions to
Be Dropped.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. '
j PARIS, March 18.— remember
,the agitation which signalized the elec
tion of M. Loubet, some 250 arrests be
ing made in all during the fortnight.
These manifestants had been making
their appearance a dozen per day be
fore the Police Courts, generally re
ceiving fines from 10 to 15 francs, when
orders came from headquarters to drop
the prosecutions. This was at the in
stance of M. Loubet, who further ob
tained a remission of the fines paid by
those tried before he intervened.
President Loubet has been sitting for
a photograph which will be distributed
to the Comites throughout France. 36,
--000 proofs being struck off and dis
patched as rapidly as possible. The
Government has decided that each
Maire shall keep on show portraits of
the different Presidents, so as to form
a sort of gallery of heads of the re
public. A majority of the Communes
are as yet in possession of photographs
of M. Carnot only, and a lot remains
to be done. .-.__, -_
In the case of M. Caslmir Perler, 36,
--000 official photographs were delivered
at the Ministry of the Interior three
days before his resignation, but they
were never distributed.
PAROCCHI FRANCE'S
CHOICE FOR POPE
Germany Favors as Leo's Successor
the Carmelite Cardinal
Gotti.
NEW YORK, March 19.— special cable
to the Journal from Paris says: A high
ecclesiastic Informs the Journal that
President Loubet is using energetic efforts
to obtain as a successor to Pope Leo a
diplomatic rather than a religious Pope,
and that reactionary Cardinal Parocchl is
the candidate having the support of
President Loubet sees in Parocchl a man
to help the French republic toward a dis
continuance of Royalist intrigues. Fail
in with Parocchi. Cardinal Capecella
tro would be France's second choice.
Germany favors the Carmelite Cardinal
The question of Americanism, though
disposed of from the standpoint of doc
trine is still vital from the point of view
of discipline. The reactionaries are work
ing in Rome to bring about a condemna
tion of certain customs of the Catholic
church in America. A Pope of the type
of Parocchl would be ln accord with Ire
land and Gibbons.
NOT TOO SICK TO
INDULGE IN WIT
Pope Leo's Jo^e at tl>e Expense of
th)e Cardial Chamberlain aod
F^is Silver Hammer.
LONDON, March 18.— The Pope has just indulged in a joke at tfie
expense of Cardinal Oreglia di Santo Stefano, who, as cardinal cham
berlain of the church and prefect of the congregation of ceremonial, has
to make sure that the Pope is dead by tapping him three times on the
forehead with a little silver hammer. "When Cardinal Santo Stefano
was summoned to the Vatican in hot haste on the first news of the ill
ness of the Pontiff, he put the hammer in his pocket, as it might be
needed. The story reached the Pope's ears and afterward, receiving the
Cardinal, his Holiness thanked him, commented on his foresight, and
said: "And, as a token of our sincere appreciation of your thoughtful
attention, we ask your Eminence to accept this little golden hammer as
a souvenir of our recovery."
STANFORD FRESHMEN
WIN TRACK CONTESTS
Outscore Lowell High School in Field
Day Sports at Palo
Alto.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 18.—
The freshmen track team to-day defeated
the athletes from the Lowell High School
of San Francisco by a score of 61% to
46% points. The visitors were strongest in
the sprints, while the "baby class" team
proved superior ln the strength tests of
the runs. The particular stars of the
Lowell track team were Karmelenski,
who easily won the mile walk, and
Manor, who carried away first places In
both the 100 yard and 200 yard dashes.
Chadbourne, Murphy and Fisher did the
best work of the freshmen. Following is
the score:
100-yard dash— Manor, L. H. S., first;
Lyons, L. H. S., second; Saunders, L. H.
S.. third. Time, 10 3-5 seconds.
Mile walk— Karmelenski, L. H. S., first;
i Jones, '02, second; Gleason, L H. S., third,
i Time, 8 minutes 29 seconds.
Shot put (12 pounds)— . '02, first,
I with 38 feet 3 inches; Cairns, '02. second,
! with 36 feet 7% inches; Belden, L. H. S.,
; third, with 31 feet 1% inches.
220-yard dash— Manor, L. H. S., first;
Chadbourne, '02, second; Saunders, L. H.
S., and Zeimer, '02, tie for third. Time,
24 1-5 seconds. *
440-yard dash— Lyons, L. H. S., first;
Fisher. '02, second; Bowman, '02, third.
Time, 56 1-5 seconds.
220-yard hurdles— '02, first;
Saunders, L. H. S., second; Hamilton, '02,
third. Time, :29 2-5.
High Fisher, '02, first, with 5 feet
2 inches; Hursh, L. H. S., second, with
4 feet 11 inches; Manor, L; H. S., third,
with 4 feet 10 inches.
Broad jump— Fisher, '02, first, with 19
feet 9 Inches; Lyons, L. H. S., second;
Chadbourne, '02, third.
. Half-mile — Chadbourne, '02, first;
Karmelenski, L. H. 8., second; Bancroft,
'02, third. Time, 2:18 4-5.
• Mile Barker, '02, first; Karmelen
ski, L. H. S., second; McLaughlin, "02,
third. Time 5:20 2-5.
120-yard Murphy, '02, first; Ham
ilton, '02, second. Time :*__,
Pole vault— Murphy, '02, first, with I*>
feet. *...,.
LOSES HIS BRIDE
AND HIS VALUABLES
Russian Merchant "Bunkoed" In a
Marriage He Contracted in
Paris.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, March IS.— There Is a rich Odes
sa merchant"" who was decorated by M.
Faure during the latter's visit to Russia,
and desired to have a Franco-Russian al
liance all his own. He came to Paris to
get a wife, and found much more than he
bargained for. He began his researches
in Montmartre, where he had little diffi
culty in meeting a young lady who seemed
entirely to fulfill his ideal. Indeed, most
men's ideals can be discovered without
much trouble on the sacred hill. The Rus.
sian merchant's ideal told him she waa
perfecting her artistic education.
To cut a long story short, the Russian
proposed, was accepted, the banns were
published at a suburban mairie, the knot
was tied and monsieur and madame went
to the latter's apartments, where cham
pagne was opened to celebrate the joyous
occasion. The wine went to the gentle
man's head sooner than it usually does to
Russians, and he was dropping asleep
when he was startled by the apparition
of a big man armed with a revolver, who
merely wanted the newly made benedick
to sign a check for 60,000 francs. The
Russian preferred to die rather than sign
the check, and finally the accomplices
left, with the Russian's ready money and
valuables.
910
DIVTN_- HEADING.
HE REFUSED
$30,000 FOR
ft YEAR'S WORK
Francis Truth's Flattering
Offer to Travel and
Heal the Sick.
Says He Is Well Satisfied With
San Francisco and Does
Not Care to Leave.
CROWDS ARE GETTING LARGER.
Oruto-es, StioVs, Thick Soled Shoes, Ear
Trumpets, Trusses, Spectacles and
Last Doses of Opium and Mor-
phine Are Accumulating
on His Walls.
The remarkable cures now being ef-
fected by Healer Truth at 440 Geary
Btreet, San Francisco, have attracted
widespread attention, the result being
an Immense number of inquiries as to
his practice from all parts of the coun-
try.
Among those who were attracted to
Healer Truth's marvelous operations
Was a well-known business man and
manager. The latter called upon the
healer a few days since and made him
an offer to travel and exhibit his rare
healing powers on the public platform.
For one year's contract Healer Truth
was offered $30,000 and expenses for
"himself and family.
"I refused the offer," said Healer
Truth to a reporter yesterday. "I did
not refuse It because that sum of money
has no attractions for me, but merely'
because I preferred to take my chance
In San Francisco. I told the gentleman
who was desirous of having me travel
tinder his direction that San Francisco
was good enough for me, and that I had
faith enough In her people to Indulge
the hope that my refusal would cost m
no loss in my practice. I do not care to
have outsiders make money off m
powers. I therefore resolved to remain
In this city and continue my practice
which is increasing to a remarkable
degree."
Healer Truth's reputation has become
go widespread and the visits to his of-
flees so frequent by sufferers that he
has found it necessary to enlarge his j
accommodations. With this end .in
view some four apartments are being
added to his present quarters, which
Will be devoted to consulting and wait-
Ing purposes. The new apartments will
be richly finished and elegantly ap-
pointed with the latest and best appli-
ances known to the builder's art.
' Healer Truth's chambers are the
Mecca of unfortunates who, failing to
find relief from physical ills after years
of trials elsewhere, are astonished at
the miraculous results that follow their
meeting with Healer Truth. Many crip-
ples have entered his office and within
a short time have been enabled to
throw away their crutches with cries
of "Hallelujah!" The main consulting
room of the establishment is decorated
with crutches of every length and style,
ear trumpets, trusses, spectacles, etc.,
end they speak volumes in praise of the
really remarkable work in which Healer
Truth is engaged.
Among the wonderful cures effected
by Healer Truth may be mentioned
that of Miss Dora Gardemeyer of 216
O'Farrell street, who was cured of total
deafness after one or two treatments.
The daughter of Mrs. J. M. Brooks of
Fresno was almost totally blind and
suffered excruciating torture from rup-
ture. She consulted Healer Truth and
was cured in a few weeks. Gilbert
Mansfield, a music teacher of 289 Va-
lencia street, was cured of nervous pros-
tration, and Charles Harper of 149 Tay-
lor street, who carried about for many
years a useless, withered leg, was en-
abled within a few weeks to throw
away his crutches and go to work.
Many similar cases of cures effected
by Healer Truth might be mentioned.
Some of these are: William H. Barden,
441 Geary street, cured of the morphine
habit and paralysis of the optic nerve;
Miss Maggie Gale-wan, whose voice was
lost, recovered it again after only three
treatments; Frank A. Bemis, suffering
from lost vitality, weak back, failing
memory, was permanently cured in a
short time; Mrs. J. Leavezi of 322 Sev-
enth street, after wearing crutches for
lameness caused by a disease of the
knee Joints, was enabled to throw away
her crutches the first time she met
•Healer Truth and go home unaided;
Mrs. S. McKeon, 2110 Steiner street, San
Francisco, suffered from a cracking jaw
for a year or more and found it impos-
sible to thrust out her tongue. She was
cured after a few treatments. ,
Although the local business of Healer
Truth is increasing enormously, he finds
time to pay attention to hundreds of
leases of patients living outside this city.
He accomplishes cures in all parts of
the country. Among some of his absent
cures may be mentioned H. R. Frost of
Los Angeles, who was cured in a brief
period of a bad case of catarrh. Mrs.
Walter Miller of 98 Main street, Broad
Brook, Conn., was cured of paralysis of
the optic nerve and after years of blind-
ness is now, owing to Healer Truth's
treatment, able to see again. Mrs. Sarah
•H. Bester of Salt Lake City was cured
after suffering for fifty years from an
aggravated form of female weakness.
The young son of Mrs. Jane Murphy of
407 Clementina street, who .was lame for
years, was able to walk erect after one
treatment. Mrs. C. B. Barden of 77
.Pleasant avenue, San Jose, cured of a
tumor in the breast and who was to be
operated upon by other physicians for
cancer. yy
Every mall from abroad carries with
lt to Healer Truth the thanks of suffer-
ers who were fortunate enough to come
under his treatment. While Healer
Truth does not aim to exercise his pow-
ers without remuneration, he has, nev-
ertheless, among his patients some poor
' people whom he treats free of charge.
It is this liberality of treatment,
coupled with an affable manner and re-
suits which are gratifying, both to pa-
tients and healer, which • have ? made
Healer Truth famous in this city and a
•»ow«r la the medical world. i y -.--
LIEUT. J. M. NEALL
HAS RETURNED FROM
HERMOSILLO, MEX.
Reported Last Night at Presidio.
Will Stand Trial and Make
Good All He Owes.
First Lieutenant John M. Neall, Troop
B, Fourth United States Cavalry, has re
turned to face his accusers like a soldier
and a man. He reported at the Presidio
shortly after 10 o'clock last night. Ever
since the lieutenant left, over a month
ago, his friends have been actively at
work in his behalf. They have been quiet
ly endeavoring to ascertain what could
be done. It was shortly discovered that
nothing could be hoped for unless the of
ficer returned and gave himself up to the
military authorities. Some tin* ago, when
Mrs. Neall wrote, to Major General Shaft
er asking that he use his influence ln be
half of her husband, he replied he could
not promise anything, until the lieutenant
came back. As soon as Lieutenant Neall's
friends learned this they at once commu
nicated with him. and it was then the
officer determined to return and take his
trial and its consequences.
Lieutenant Neall has been in Hermo
sillo, Sonora, Mexico. As soon as he re
ceived the advices of his friends telling
him that nothing could be done until he
came back he at once left his Place °
hiding. He arrived here yesterday after
noon on the -:45 train from the south. He
came directly to the city and went to the
Buss House, where he was met by his
friends Never was an officer extended a
warmer or more sincere welcome. It was
the true kind of Christian friendship.
There was sympathy and support .ln
everything that they did or said Lieuten
ant Neall remained in consultation with
bis friends until after 9 o'clock when he
took a carriage and drove out to the Pre
sidio. Mrs. Neall and her children were
there awaiting him.
Lieutenant Neall had very little tp say.
He stated that he had returned and that
through his friends he would make good
every cent he owed. Regarding his future
plans he can say nothing at present.
Much depends upon his trial, which, he
says, he has returned to stand. This will
no doubt be commenced some time this
week— that is, if there is to be one— for
everything depends upon the charges that
Colonel Compton may prefer against
Lieutenant Neall. The case as it now
stands, according to a well-informed of
ficer is this: Lieutenant Neall has been
absent without leave, for which military
offense he must suffer. As for any short
age, he is prepared to make that good.
Under these conditions there is nothing
that can be done. Besides it is positively
PREPARING FOR THEIR
GRAND DOMINO BALL
TURN SCHWESTERN ARRANG
ING A SOCIAL EVENT.
The Well-Known San Francisco Ve
rein and Its Charitable Work.
Its Officers. .
The members of the San Francisco Turn
i Schwestern Vereln are busily engaged
| preparing for their domino ball, which is
. to be held in the hall of the organization
j at 323 Turk street next Sunday evening.
j The affair promises to be a social event
-, in German society circles and is being
] looked forward to with pleasant antici
| pation. 0
As is usual, the ballroom will be beau
| tifully decorated on the occasion, and
; the effect of the varicolored dominoes of
the participants will be heightened by a
myriad of incandescent lights. The music
will be -a feature of the ball, a splendid
orchestra having been engaged for the
evening.
For the past eighteen years the San
Francisco Turn Schwestern Verein has
been an important factor in German so
j membership, and its work, being hand, in
i hand with the famous San Francisco
Turn Verein, has brought it into great
cial circles. It has always had an active
«-♦-<•--♦-<s--♦- _>-♦-<•> -a- -+- <8> -♦- <S> -+-o
MRS. BAUER..
prominence. The Turn Schwestern's un
ostentatious charitable work has been
favorably commented on during the past
years by those who have learned of it.
The society's success has been due to
the indefatigable efforts of Mrs. Hinz and
Mrs. Bauer. It is governed by the fol
lowing officers: President, Mrs. Bauer;
vice president, Mrs. Lang; corresponding
secretary, Mrs. Nicholl; treasurer. Miss
j Murth; recording secretary, Mrs. Hinz.
TWO RUNAWAY BOYS.
Police of Oakland and This City
Searching for John Mills and
Harry Tucker.
John Mills and Harry Tucker, two lads
of 12, left the "Nursery," corner of Mis
sion and Twelfth streets, yesterday morn
ing and have not returned.
The father of young Mills called at the
Chief of Police's office last night and re
ported their disappearance. He described
them as being attired in overalls, dark
coats and gray hats. As Tucker sings in
the choir of the Church of the Advent in
Oakland it was thought he was over
there. An investigation disclosed the fact
that the boy had not been there, as there
was no rehearsal yesterday.. The police
department of Oakland has been notified
of the boys' disappearance and are
searching for them. This will make the
second time Tucker has left the home. - „
The Organ Is a Nuisance.
Charles B. Tufts was convicted by
Judge Ccnlan yesterday .of maintaining
a nuisance in his store on Pine street,
near Kearny, in the shape of an organ
worked by electricity. He was ordered
to appear for sentence to-morrow. The
Judge had personal experience of the fact
as to whether the organ was a nuisance.
"White Hat" McCarty in Court.
"White Hat" McCarty appeared „bef ore
Judge Graham yesterday on the charge of |
cruelty to animals. By consent the case
was continued till Thursday. The Judge
notified McCarty that if the charge was
proved against him he would be severely
dealt with. \
Fine second-hand Decker & Son Pi
ano for $200 at Mauvalß', 769 Market •
THE SAN FRANCISCO OAT_T_, SUNDAY; MAKCII 19, 1809.
known that General Shafter will extend
to the unfortunate officer every possible
leniency.
There is much that tends to mitigate
the offense of Lieutenant Neall. First,
the mere fact that he has returned is ln
his favor, and that everything will bo
made good is also a mitigation. More than
all else is the fine record of the past that
Lieutenant Neall has to his credit. Gen
eral Miles, commanding the army, has
complimented him for his efficiency, and
even now is interested in his behalf.
There never was a better officer in the
service, and bo his faults what they may
his previous unblemished record and ster
ling qualities will have much to do in ex
tenuation of his punishment. It is gen
erally thought at department headquar
ters that Lieutenant Neall will be lightly
dealt with. Officers higher in authority
than Colonel Compton are deeply interest
ed in his behalf. 1
SHE WAS CAUGHT IN THE RAIN,
88 m /I ANY of the vessels in port had not their sails unbent when the rain started to fall early in the week, g
-5 I VI When the sunshine came out again Friday the captains were not sure the storm was over, so kept the g
Of ■" ■ -wet canvas fast to the yards. Yesterday the sun again shone, so every stitch of canvas was unfurled, '0
?£ and the bay was a pretty sight, dotted with vessels drying their sails. •*"
_• • '*_*"•
§O*ißMgSo«gß-«»^
CARPENTERS PROPOSE
TO ADVANCE WAGES
THE MOVE WILL BE MADE ON
MAY 1.
Mechanics of Oakland and San Fran
cisco to Demand S3 per Day
of Eight Hours.
OAKLAND, March 18.— mass-meet
ing of carpenters of this city and vicinity
was held to-night at Y. M. I. Hall and the'
building trades outlook for the coming
summer was discussed. The meeting was
held under the auspices of Oakland Union
No. 36, United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners of America. Prominent
among the speakers were Harry Saun
ders, aspirant to the appointment of La
bor Commissioner, and District Organizer
Marlsbury of the brotherhood.
Both touched upon the benefits of or
ganized labor and the advantage of unity
and harmony. Both argued that to Im
prove the future the present must be dis
turbed, and it was announced that on and
after May 1 the carpenters and joiners of
San Francisco will enforce the wage
schedule of $3 per day of eight hours^ and
Oakland mechanics who go to San ."_ ran
cisco seeking work must have the union
card. Mr. Marlsbury, while recognizing
that there has been a general depression
and hard times for the past twelve
months, predicted that during the coming
summer and the next two years a large
amount of work will be done.
There will be three big government jobs
In the vicinity of San Francisco that will
require not less than 400 carpenters. He
urged mechanics to bury past differences
and foster the union, for grudges only
tend to disrupt. The speaker admonished
his listeners against strikes. "I do not
like them," he said, " and they should be
resorted to only as a final means of se
curing justice where all others have
failed." «.'«__--
The' local union at present has a mem
bership* of '300. and will on next Saturday
night hold another meeting of a social
nature, to which ladies will be Invited.
One of Barney Ward's Victims.
John Bree, a marine fireman, was
around the Police Courts yesterday ask
ing for a warrant for the arrest of Barney
"Ward, ex-treasurer of the Marine Fire
men's Insurance Company.who has several
charges of embezzlement pending against
him Bree said he paid Ward $100 Initia
tion fee before he went on a voyage to
Manila, and when he went on his return
to get a certificate it was. refused, al
though he produced Ward's receipt. He
was advised to see the attorney for the
company. _ _■ '
Daylight Burglaries.
A burglar entered the room of C. Brit
ton, 153*V_ Fifth street, yesterday morning
after walking along the awning and forc
ing open the window. The bureau draw
ers in the room were ransacked and about
$30 in coin stolen. The room of Miss Wag
ner, 953% Howard street, was also en
tered yesterday morning by. way of the
window and several articles of jewelry
stolen. Both burglaries were reported to
the police.
—■ ♦ «
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
FRENCH FLEET
IS BOUND FOR
SAN FRANCISCO
A Novel Departure in
Shipping Annals.
ANOTHER "OVERDUE" ARRIVES
THE REINSURED CARNARVON
BAY MAKES PORT.
Some of the Transports Ready, Others
Preparing to Sail — Japan
ese Cruiser Chitose May
Get Away Tuesday.
Since the French Chamber of Deputies
passed a mileage subsidy bill to aid its
mercantile marine that country's fleet of
sailing vessels has been growing in a
remarkable manner. A few years . ago
| the tricolor was rarely met flying from
the peak of a wind-jammer, but now they
| are encountered in almost every port in
i the world. Last year at this time the
number of French ships on the way to the
I Pacific Coast was only two or three at
| the outside, while at the present time
I there are fourteen, seven of which are
| new vessels on their maiden voyage. They
are ail coming here in the expectation of
securing a grain charter, and the chances
are that between them they will carry
50,000 tons of California wheat to Europe
j this year.
The French fleet now heading this way
is composed of the following: Ship Bour-
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
3+®-^+®******®+®^+®+®^
|He Had Rheumatism J
I ' /f7\ YY TT 1 TT • 1 2
I v vK^L-i He ' Had Varicocele 1
® W^^i^^^y^^M^k tt -mi iii "at i _m ' __
§ ffiyuLSffl! He Could Not Sleep i
j^^^» Now He Is Cured I
X / I ' The value of a treatment is in its power to cure. When it cures the world ♦
+ is bound to find it out and use it. There are sick people who are glad to know of a remedy which will overcome -♦
* their ailments. They are glad to find something which will give them back the health and strength that have been -+.
♦ lost. Drugs will not do it Electricity will. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt never fails, because it ; gives Electricity : .$.
+ in the right way under a physician's direction. It has a record of 10,000 cures, and ' here is another late one: i
® ®
■J- /-. -.y -i -.y^v : *- - 7 I*. .. . . * San Francisco, February 24, 1899. vT
® L-llflPfl Since my last letter concerning your Electric Belt, of -which lam in constant possession— for I would not be ®
4- --'M- *-*_• without one If I could possibly procure it— l would say that since I have had it I have experienced excellent +
fa health, as all my troubles have disappeared and I feel 15 to 20 years younger— yes, and look it, too. I was a sad wreck for (jj
V years before using your Electric Belt with Rheumatism, .Varicocele, Insomnia and other kindred troubles: in fact. I was on • • ' X
"♦" the verge of collapse. Sometimes I would go for three or four nights at a time without a wink of sleep, but, thanks to the Dr. "*~*
(•) Sanden Electric Belt, lam now able to throw care to the winds and enjoy life once more. Doctor. I will cheerfully recom- ./J'.-V
X mend your Belt to any one applying to me, and you are at liberty to use this testimonial in any way that might benefit suf- "X
(i) fering humanity. In appreciation of the great benefit derived from your Belt. I am. dear doctor, yours most gratefully, -"
V ' - -,**",_"-•- JAMES F. MacCASKIE. 563 Mission street. . . -♦*
j DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT 1
0 Cures when drugs fail; cures when the efforts of the best doctors fail; cures when other ways of applying Electricity fail. It has v
® cured thousands of cases cf Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism, Varicocele, Kidney Troubles, Stomach Troubles and all the ®
■a- kindred symptoms of these diseases after the failure of all other known methods. "Why?" Because it is Electricity applied by a >
_) physician in a manner taught b/ 30 years of experience. Experience t caches. I have had it in p'enty, and you can have the benefit of it v
0 Tf«v II" *' a and see th ' famous life-giver and let me show you how simple it is, and yet how wonderful is its work. You $
I*y 'l* can have a free test and free advice at my office. If my Belt will help you I wi i tell you so; if pot, I will be ®
.® candid with you and advise you honestly. My reputation and success have come from fair treatment of my patients, not from >
t deception. Therefore, let me help you or advise you how to help yourself. "If you cannot call let me send you my book, ®
? "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," closely sea*ed, free upon request Call or address "♦"
1 DR M A MCLAUGHLIN 702 Market street » Corner Kearny, San Francisco J
i •** ,A ' L • .1U * • • 'or 204 J. South Broadway, Los Angeles. -f
® Office Hours— B A. M. to Si3o P. M. Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STOKES. .®
+ 04*0+® > <_HO-f ®+® *><_)-♦- 04*<_xi>(^f<i)-4*''_Ho+® -f ®40+ ®4^>4®-f ®+®+®± ®4<s>^-r ®-f®+o-f <_»® +s+®***r-*©
bakl, from Antwerp; ship Noernla (new)
nd barks Admiral T. i". Dugues* n.
iZic'riclcre, Bretagne (new). Marguerite '
Mollnb- ami Jacques (new), from New
castle' Australia; bark LeS AdelpheS,
from Algoa Bay; ships Touralne (new)
and 1 uropt (new), and barks Marguerite
Doll-US (new), McMahon and Marechal
Bnnnes. fro,,, Swansea All the vessels
0 the fleet are coming here with coal ex
cept the Bourbakl, which brings a load
of German merchandise from Antwerp,
and the i,, . Ad. Iphes, which is coming
from South Africa In ballast. The new
ships are all built of Steel and come up to
all the requirements of the Bureau Ver
itas ami Lloyds. .
If a mileage subsidy has done so much
for France's mercantile marine what
would it not do for the United states?
Inside of live . years , Uncle Sam a fleet
would be carrying the commerce of the
world. ii -n ..
The' overdue British ship Carnarvon Bay
arrived In England yesterday. She left
Tacoma on September 18 last with (0,368
rentals of wheat, valued at $71,000, and
had not been heard from since last Nor
vember. The underwriters considered
her away behind time, and 70 per cent
was paid in reinsure vessel and cargo.
There was some little excitement on
the front yesterday over tho steam
schooner Noyo. She left here on Friday
illicit for Fort Bran, and should have
reached her destination early yesterday
morning. Up to 4 o'clock In the afternoon
nothing had been heard from her. and
telegraphic Inquiries to every point be
tween here ,-md Fort Bragg failed to elicit
any news of the steamer until Albion was
reached. Then it was learned that the
Noyo was passing north slowly and would
make Fort Bragg in due course. The
chances are that some slight accident has
happened to her machinery, which will
be repaired as soon as she reaches port.
Tho transport Cleveland will not get
away for Manila until to-morrow. The
freight did not reach the wharf until late
yesterday and could not be got aboard.
The Charles Nelson is discharging flour
Into the ship Big Bonanza, and as soon
as that job is completed the steamer will
go on the drydock before beginning to
load for Manila.
As soon as the Nelson has discharged
all her freight into the Bonanza the Czar
ina will take her place. The latter steam
er has also half a load of Hour for the
Vladivostok-bound vessel. After dis
charging the Czarina will be examined by
tho Government authorities, and the
chances are that she also will be char
tered to go to Manila.
The battle-ship Oregon and the distill
ing ship Iris reached Manila yesterday.
They sailed from Honolulu on February
20, and were, therefore, twenty-six days
on the journey.
Captain Henry Olsen, late of the bark
"Undaunted, has taken command of the
ship St. Nicholas. Captain Olsen is one
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITYOF^fe PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
SPECIAL RUG SALE
LARGE CARPET SIZES AT GREAT REDUCTIONS.
..,."WILTON"mmmm
Regular Price $50.00; Sale Price 935.00
....ROYAL SMYRNAmmmm
Regular Price $45.00; Sale Price 932. 50
....ENGLISH VELVETmmmm
Regular Price $30.00 $32.50; Sale Price 925.00
Mat Sizes In Wilton, Daghlstan, Soudan and Royal Smyrna
and Cumberland Rugs at Interesting Prices.
Broken Assortments or REAL Turkish Rugs From Our Fall
Importation. at Greatly Reduced Prices.
Broken Lines or Curtains, 3*. Yards Long, 54 Inches Wide, In
One and Two Pair Lots, From SI.OO Per Pair Up.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
UNION SQUARE.
. o -^^^W^^^**^-*^-^^
of the most popular masters on the
B_-fc fc o_a*_av?&2ne
yy^\&Ty&?TßiCt
Fortune* left Wm %y one of h s rei au Tes.
The Maccabees and tne ennarcii "
j__s__i "»ai*M SS
trouble over an attempt at wnure"»s
•^Chinese boatswain J the Euro
pean carpenter had * ,^ d "" Closely that
aboard, but r^ C so c^eiy tnai
it could not be landed. They pre fa "^" **" k d
Smith, the colored cook of the *™££
American s . hl P A E t^ c 2 r f O SSd Aye tins of
service, and he *- rlef * 7 HI up nolnted out
the drug, but was caug ht. He go intea
the Chinese and h ,^ e t vf e ar Sm to land,
men who gave him «P™ thelrs>
but it was only nis woru »fc . ehl _
so Jules had r to go to jail. The n tne »_n
__3K"""8-fcffl_
-.^--W&sjaft'-a-'S-S"
imV&*3&&£r aii * &
about $50 coming to him. Japanese
*g*ggsfe»s
away next Tuesday. a "-" fi ed up ,
been put in and Is anticipated.
n here U th h e er cruTse 9 r a^iU go to Hono
iT","nd tnence to Yokohama.
PAY DIRECTOR BELLOWS.
Will Soon Leave for His Home in
New Hampshire.
Pay Director Edward Bellows, U. S.-N..
wL^s registered at the %*«£** Hj«
with his wife, will leave shortly for their
home Bellows Falls, N. H. Mr. Bellows
ha-^-st returned from Manila, where he
'I^D^o^^^^eg as-
to paymaster and in
IS was fe to ggJ-f^S; c P o a m y ni n s :
aK-JftS fehighest grade in
%*tlt?vo^£™Tnln this city, hay
« „^__ n for over three years in charge of
-years he has been the paymaster of tte
on the Ist of last May.
Millinery Opening.
Donovan's. 1515 Polk st. Tuesday and !
Wednesday, March 21-22. No cards.
A Stubborn Defendant.
"Professor'" Carl Young, known to the
nolice as Charles J. Callan, ex-convict,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
to answer the charge of stealing a
camera belonging to Miss Helen Schulte.
The prosecution was willing that the case
should be dismissed If Young would de
liver the camera or tell where it could
be found. He positively refused to do
either, and the Judge convicted him and
ordered him to appear for sentence to
morrow.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERT ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient lives
in an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment invariably increases weight from' six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated- 'Throat and Lung Specialist,
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
| Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, | proved. Total.
j
Ist Stage.. 34 29 5 0 84
„.-..- -_— _ ■ ___ / __ -___ ____.
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 2 36
_. : .
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 30
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Th*
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms— over 100 in
number are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees -and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed fre*
on application.
Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal. _^_^__
AUCTION
OT—
Investment, Residence and Unimprored
Property
.AT BALEBROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY BT.
MONDAY, MAROH 27th, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
TRUSTKK SALE.
Market Street Business Property
Two Frontages.
2677 ana 2679 Market street, S.E. line N.E of Castr*
street, running through to 17tb street, twostoris and two
flats 5 rooms, bath each. 27*HMxll3 irregular; street*
accepted. ■<* ."."*■. -*
Choice Business Corner.
8 E cor H«ight and Scott streets, three stores of four
rooms each, also 6 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath
each on Haight street, 2 -modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms,
bath each, on Scott street ; rents $253 per month; 68*tfx
110; both streets accepted.
Corner near Park Partly Improved.
SE. cor Masonic Aye. and Waller street, corner lot
35x105. 2 modern flats of 5 and 9 rooms, bath adjoining,
27x105 as a whole or separately.
Howard St. Flats-A. W. Bode Estate.
1759 Howard s'reet, K. line, N. of 14th street, 3 flats of
4, 5 and 6 rooms, bath each, cottage of 3 rooms in rear;
rents $50 per month; stone sidewalk, street accepted,
27x11 ' Western Addition Residence.
"Western Addition Residence.
559 Fell street, S. line, E. of Buchanan street, resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath, unfinished basement, brick
foundation, etc., stable for 2 horses, rent $40; mortgage
of 14000 at 654 per oent.- can remain. 41:3x120 to rear &».
Manufacturing District.
110 Main street, S W. line, S.E. of Mission street, new
brick building, suitable for light manufacturing ; Z-.ex
91:10. ■'__"■ '■"■''•' y
Mission Home.
4032 25th street, N. lin»,W. of Sanchez street, resldeno*
of 6 rooms, bath, brick foundation, cement walk. .3xll-1
Administratrix Sale— Mission Cottage.
2517 Harrison street, E. line, S. of 21st street, <£****•
of 5 rooms and bath, unfinished basement, cement walk,
25xi00- subject to confirmation by Court. < ..-
Large Building Lot, '. „ '.
Greenwich street. IX. line. 146:10* feet lot Pott
streei marine ttam and convenient to car lines, lot
37-4Kx137:6; easy terms. „,„ ' '■>
For further particulars apply at our office. .— -■•
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneer*, '
14 Montgomery Street. ■
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
! ;« a powerful aphrodisine and speclflo tonio
for the sexual and urinary organ* of bot*
■exes and a great remedy tor disease* of tb*
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative*
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
_f_rlt*' no long-winded testimonials necessary.
" NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
Oi Market street. 8. F.— (Bend for Circular.!
gf^^Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Mm* __*y_l Five hundred reward for any
( jSJ-l la-si case we cannot cure. This secret
[4 H f remedy stops all losses 'in 24
gnfff |S_2 I hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
fj*n CvfiT tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
•mam mfn Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
fln-S" ' affff Manhood and all wasting effects
lcy,ir.."TCrr-.4 of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
i cure '.Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
i TUTE 85» Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for
i sale at 107*>_ Market St., S. F. All private dis-
-1 eases quickly cured. Send for fre* book. -- --__ A_PV:*-BTl6*B_*__»_S_„
Avoid Spring Fever
• General Debility; ' Malaria, Wasting Diseases.
TRY
ft wnm FAMOUS. V 1 N I
I -\*3 g-_wg_-X_B_____ecx-__gnMaP-_BBg:gaaM!^-M ■'«"'"^»_>_^ct^»»^'^''~* ■___— d
fli MAR AN I
U**-?*^ I " tf fl _r*^_ 1 B
LhSm»J 'MARIANI^WINE.. TONIC
l^_sJs/ Endorsed and used I y king and cottager; the
clergy, lawyers, artists and athletes. Write
to Mariani & Co., -j 2 W. 15th st., New York, for book of
endorsements, portraits, etc , free. '
For Sale by Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes. Beware of imitations
TEACHERS MAY
OBJECT TO THE
COMPROMISE
Want All the Wages
Now Due Them.
ARE NOT AIDING MERCHANTS
ANGRY AT LEGAL MAZE IN
.'.-.WHICH THEY ABE PLACED.
v.;; ; "'/i
. A School Principal Voices the Com
-7 plaint of a Host of Educators
Charged. With the Care
■•«•:"•• * . of Children.
•.-■-■ . .
* The patient, long-suffering school teach
ers- will meet at the Girls' High School to
morrow to discuss the proposed scheme
Of compromise with the merchant cred
itors of the department. That the teach
ers are unable to find their way out of the
legal maze in which they have become in
volved is not strange, as men learned in
'•the law admit their inability to offer a
Solution of the difficulty. .
■ Miss Aime E. Gariyau, principal of Bar
rington School, voiced the sentiments of
many teachers last night. She, in com
pany with hosts of people, believe the city
should pay the men and women charged
with the education of the children- She is
opposed to the proposed compromise on
the ground that if it is effected the teach
ers will not realize 15 cents on the dollar.
She says the teachers are indignant at
being asked to compromise; that they
ehould not be asked to help merchants
collect their bills. In discussing the situ- j
ation Miss Gariyau said:
The teachers instituted legal proceedings !
to compel the Board of Education to issue
them their salary demands for the months
of ember and December, 1898. A prin
ciple was Involved. Services were rendered
ior these two months. The city of San
Francisco appropriated for the School De-
! partment for the fiscal year IS9S-S9 the sum
of $1,03., 000. The Supervisors in allowing
this amount were assured that {900,000 was
needed to pay the teaching force as it stood
when the levy was made. The Board of
Education had a moral right, if nothing
else, to give the money to those for whom
it was granted.
The teachers are • confronted with the
fact that there is at present ln the treasury
to the credit of the school fund for the
months of November and December about
fSO.OOO. while the salary demands alone for
those months foot up 1186.000. The litigation
to far has come to naught. The legal tan
gle is bewildering. "Deficits," merchants'
Maims, "the one-twelfth act," "statutory or
cot statutory* officers." bondsmen. Injunc
tions, demurrers, mandamus proceedings, ■
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
M Dr. Meyers & Co, Are Successful.
. AN ASSOCIATION OF PHYSICIANS who have been curing diseases and weakness
of men for IS years must have learned by experience a great deal about man s
make-up and how his troubles may be overcome.
AN ASSOCIATION OF PHYSICIANS who are all graduates of the best and niost
noted medical colleges in the world who had a bountiful supply of natural ability
to start with, and those who have made a specialty of diseases and weakness of
men for nearly half a lifetime must be skilled as specialists.
AN ASSOCIATION OF PHYSICIANS who have at their command all the appli-
ances, remedies and general equipment that science can discover or brains Invent must
be well prepared to succeed in their calling.
AN ASSOCIATION OF PHYSICIANS who have the widest and most extensive
and constantly increasing practice in America must possess unusual merit.
SUCH PHYSICIANS ARE DR. MEYERS & CO.
"We have such faith in our ability that we will let patients deposit the price
of a cure in any bank or with any responsible business house or newspaper in
San Francisco, to be paid to us only when cure is made, or we will accept monthly
j payments if preferred. (Signed) DR. MEYERS & CO.
■■Contracted ailments. including contagious blood poison, nervous debility, lost
vitality, wasting weakness, unnatural drains, discharge-, etc., varicocele, piles, rup-
ture, * etc. also diseases of the kidneys, bladder,' heart, nerves, liver, stomach, skin,
' cpine and blood are included in the above offer. .
] Prices reasonable to rich and poor. Free advice at office or by mail.
j Home cures a specialty. Write or call for free private book for men. All
i .fetters confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 Ma : ket SfeLi!
■J TAKE ELEVATOR. . . . Hoars Bto 5 daily; Evenings 7to 8 ; Sundays 9to 11.
and the dire Intimation that unless we com
promise we may never draw another sal
ary—these are ideas fraught with such
terrible Import that we are glad to with
draw from all litigation.
The teachers cannot draw the $M>,ooo be
cause the merchant creditors have claims
amounting to more than $70,000, which they
are protecting with an injunction. Judge
Seawell tells teachers and merchants that
bills contracted in excess of the one-twelfth
of the revenue for any one month are il
legal claims and cannot be paid with the
public moneys. We know that our salar
ies are legal claims. The merchants con
cede that about • one-half of their claims
cannot be collected legally. They do not say,
however, which half. Instead they propose
to raise the injunction, -allow, the teachers
$3", 000 and take the other $35,0.t0. provided
the teachers assign their claim to the No
vember and December salaries to a trustee,
who, in the event of the city at some future
day making good the teachers' salaries for
these months, shall pay to the merchants
the (33,000 that the law will not allow
them to collect.
There are about one thousand teachers
interested in these proceedings. About two
hundred did not Join in the suit. Of the
remainder many do not understand the le
gal phraseology that is presented to them
think they are going to get one-half of
their salaries. As a matter of fact if they
accept this proposition, allowing for heavy
expenses, they will get perhaps 15 cents on
the dollar.
There are, however, a large body of teach
ers, who are justly indignant . that they
should be even asked to discuss a compro
mise. These teachers do not want to be
misunderstood. They are not fighting the
merchants and never'have been, neither are
they battling to help these men to collect
their bills.
We feel that either we are entitled to our
November and December salaries or we are
not. There i.- no middle ground. That the
money for these salaries has been diverted
to other channels we are convinced, but to
establish this fact and to get a judgment
can be accomplished only with great loss
cf time and money and at the sacrifice of
our peace of mind. All of this would tend
to impair our professional useful!
We are willing to let the great and gen
erous city of San Francis. decide whether
she will accept services from her teachers
for a period of two months and then repu
diate the payment of their salaries.
Walnut Piano — size, fine condi
tion—slso at MauVais*, 769 Market st. *
TRIES TO HANG HIMSELF.
James Mackey, While Drunk in His
Cell, Attempts to Take His Life.
James Mackey, a one time wealthy man
and proprietor of a sailors' boarding
house on the water front, attempted sui
cide last evening by hanging himself to a
beam in his cell at the City Prison.
Turnkey Hickey was attracted to his
cell by his groans and immediately en
tered to ascertain the cause. He found
Mackey hanging from the beam by means
of a bandana handkerchief, and cut him
down. The prisoner, was unconscious and
purple in the face, and had he been left
there five minutes more would have died.
Mackey was hurriedly taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital and attended by Drs.
Tormey and Rumwell. Tne prisoner had
been brought from the California street
station earlier in the day and placed in
the drunkards' cell.
. ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1033 Mission.
Lecture on Socialism.
The Rev. George Dodson of Alameda
: will address the Socialist Labor party at
! Union-square Hall this evening. His sub
! ject will be "The Case of the Anti-
I Socialist." Recently the reverend gen
! tleman discoursed on the subject in Oak
j land and elicited much discussion from
the audience.
THE HAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
NO CHEAP MAN MAY WED
BLUSHING RAY CEREKLE
Police Judge Mogan Establishes a
Precedent and Declares Engage
gagement Rings Need Not
Be Returned*
©_♦_ _♦-^> -*-<$, -a- 4> -a- <•**- --a- — **
ENGAGEMENTS to marry— any old
thing, that has the price of a ring,
are sure to be numerous and popu
lar. Police Judge Mogan made his
tory yesterday and incidentally estab
lished a precedent at the same time.
"There is no need to return the engage
ment ring, if the engagement has been
broken off." is the latest addition to .egal
, lore, and as many hearts may rejoice at
this fact as beat In happy unison at the
speedy approach of the picnic season
R L Singer, a tailor by occupation,
and' a '"'cheap man" by choice, was be
j trothed to Miss Ray Cerekle. Ray **-
i covered that Singer valued a carfare
! -more than her individual comfort and
! forthwith annulled the rosy bonds ; that
> linked . e ie Cro M,^ S C e e d re^ went
I l^-en 1 f uXr th th m a n le thi S^and absolutely re
PARTED WITH
ALL HIS COIN
TO BUNKO MEN
Another Victim From
the Interior.
SAVINGS OF MONTHS GONE
JAMES RILEY CAME TO CELE
BRATE ST. PATRICK'S DAY. .
He Met a Well-Dressed Stranger and
Was Induced to Play Poker
With the Usual
Result.
The number of men who come from the
country on a visit with money in their
pockets and Imagine they can beat a
bunko man at poker Is surprising. Al
though cases are published in the press
from time to time, the bunko men con
tinue to gather In victims. After coming
to the conclusion that they have been
swindled, the victims apply to the police
for assistance in recovering their money.
When the bunko men are arrested the
victims get a return of a portion or the
whole of the money from friends of the
prisoners and depart for home. This re
sults in cases against the bunko men
being dismissed for lack of prosecution.
A young man. accompanied by a friend,
called at the office of the Chief of Police
yesterday morning. He said he had been
robbed by bunko men of between $300 and
$400, and he wanted the police to get back
the money. When asked for his name he
refused to give it, remarking that the
police could get his money without his
name. He was informed that the Police
Department was not a collection agency
and unless he gave his name and partic
ulars of where and how he lost the money
no action would be taken.
He consulted with his friend, and then
said his name was James Riley and that
he was a ranch hand In Sonoma County,
which may not be true. He had saved up
between $300 and $400, and thought he
would come to the city and celebrate St.
Patrick's day. He celebrated ln good
style, and yesterday morning, when he
was walking along Market street, a young
man, well dressed and jj smooth spoken,
accosted him. The young man wore a
shamrock, and said he had arrived Friday
morning to spend the day. Riley and his
new acquaintance had a few drinks to
gether, and then he was steered to a room
in a house on Kearny street. Where he
was Introduced to "the Judge" and three
other men. After chatting for a few min
utes the ''Judge" suggested a game of
cards, and Riley's friend took a hand,
winning considerable money. Riley be
came excited and was soon Induced to join
in the game. Luck was dead against him
and he foolishly parted with all his
money. _
Captain Bohen detailed Detectives Sil
vey and Crockett on the case, 'but the
chances are that the bunko men will not
be found. The two sleuths are under the
impression that the bunko men will not
realize the fact that they have done any
thing wrong, and unless the papers say
that they have they will remain in the
city and allow themselves to be gathered
in. Bunko men, as a rule, are not built
that way. - '
Wheelmen Are Discharged.
. When ten of the bicyclists arrested Fri
day for violating the bicycle ordinance by
not having a bell on their machine, or by
jaat riding over street crossings appeared
fused to return the engagement ring.
For this breach of polite etiquette Singer
had the fair maid arrested and charged
with "felonious embezzlement. The case
came up before Judge Mogan yesterday.
Singer, who. is a little, tailor who bites
his 'finger-nails and parts his hair from
brow to collar, explained in a highly sea
soned Teutonic English his courtship and
engagement to the fair and blushing Ray.
A "match-maker" led the tailor to the
home of the lady, and on , the same even
ing of the meeting, after a mutual hand-,
shake, the subject of marriage was imme
diately broached. The inopportune en
trance of the family put a stop to the
love-making. However, six days after
the first meeting Ray Cerekle had prom
ised to let the tailor support her for the
balance of her life. .•
"On Thursday evening we were. about to
become engaged,' explained Singer, "and
1 said to Ray, 'What kind of a present
would you like to have to bind our en
gagement?' 'Well, it looks nice to bind
an engagement with a diamond ring,' said
Miss Cerekle, and so I went the next day
with her brother to buy one. Her brother
said he could take me to. a place where I
could get a good ring reasonable. The
ring I bought is worth about $40. I paid
$60 for it. After we were engaged I used
before Judge Mogan . yesterday morning
they all pleaded ignorance of the law and
promised not to. ; offend again. - On this
promise the cases were dismissed. Judge
"advertisements. .-
free [Jure for Qaldness.
__. i
Trial Package of a Remarkable Remedy to Con-
vince People It Actually Grows Hair.
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Removes Dandruff, Restores
Prematurely Gray Hair to Natural Color, Stops Itching
and Restores Luxuriant Growth to Eyebrows,
Eyelashes and Shining Scalps.
_-•■':-■ MRS.. J. .8. WEED-
Those who are losing their hair or have part-
ed with their locks can have it restored by a
remedy that is sent free to all. A Cincinnati
firm has concluded that the best way to con-
vince people that hair can be grown on any
head is to let them try it and see for them-
selves. All sorts of theories have been ad-
vanced to account for falling hair, but after
all. it Is the remedy we are after and not
the theory. People who need more hair, or
are anxious to save what they have, or from
sickness, dandruff or other causes have lost
their hair, should at once send their name and
address to the Altenheim Medical Dispensary,
616 Selves building, Cincinnati, Ohio, enclosing
4 cents in stamps to cover postage, and they
will forward prepaid by mall a sufficient free
trial package of their remedy to fully prove
its remarkable action in quickly removing all
trace of dandruff and scalp diseases and forc-
ing a new growth of hair. The remedy is not
a new experiment and no one need fear that
it is harmful.' It cured , John Bruner, Post-
master of Millvllle, Henry County, Ind., and
he strongly urges every one to try it. A
Methodist preacher, Victor A. Falgaux of
Tracy City, Term.. was perfectly bald on his
forehead for many years, but has now a fine
'growth. Mrs. C. W. Castleman, 843 Main st.,
Riverside, Cal.. reports her husband's shiny
head now covered with soft, fine hair, and she,
too, has derived wonderful benefit. Among
others who have used the remedy are Geo.
Dlefenbach,- general agent of the Big Four
Railroad, of Dayton, Ohio, whose wife was
entirely cured of • baldness.
The president of Falrmount College, Sulphur,
Ky., Prof. B. F. Turner, . was bald for thirty
years and now has a splendid growth of hair
from having tried this remarkable rtmedy^
Write to-day for ft free trial package. It .will j
to take her out to the theater and to sup
per, but she always would take her sister
along. I did not like her to take her sis
ter with her. I didn't want to marry the
whole family, and I told her so. 'I don't
care,' she said, and then the family got
cross and I went away and the engage
ment was broken off.'
Miss Cerekle followed Singer on the
stand, and looking the man she was once
willing to call her very own straight In
the face swore she wouldn't marry him
because he was so cheap. "Every 5-cent
piece he spent he noted down in a book,
said Ray. "and when he spent over 15
cents he would mark it down in great big
red figures so that every time he would
open the book it would be there staring
at him. When he took me to the theater
we would go up in the gallery, and after
the theater he would send me home alone
in the car. so as to save his car fare. Our
natures did not agree," concluded Mis*
Cerekle. "He was too cheap for me, and
so I broke the engagement.
When Ray left the witness stand
the Judge paused for a moment
and then with becoming dignity made the
new law of the betrothal ring that is sure
to make a boom in the social editor's en
gagement column.
Conlan had one- case before him, and it
was dismissed on a similar- promise. Both
Judges said that fines would be imposed
on offenders in future.
be mailed securely sealed in a plain wrapper
so that it may be tried privately at home.
HER HAIR RETURNS
Remarkable Action of a New and
Wonderful Cure for Baldness.
Lady Prominent in G. A. R. Circles
Regains Her Hair, Although
Past Fifty.
Mrs. J. S. Weed, treasurer of Swartz Corps
No 91, W. R. C, with headquarters at New
Albany, Bradford County. Pa., owes a luxuri-
ant growth of hair to a new and valuable
remedy discovered by a Cincinnati dispensary.
In response to their offer to send free trials
of their preparations Mrs. Weed used the
remedies and although she was past fifty years
of age, at.a time in life when people Imagine
their baldness is hopeless, her hair grew out
with astonishing luxuriance, much to her sur-
prise and delight. Mrs. Weed kindly consented
to permit her photographs to be sketched, one
taken some time ago when she was premature-
ly bald and a later one taken recently show-
ing the beautiful effects of this remarkable
hair grower.
The remedy also cures itching and dandruff,
sure signs of approaching baldness, and it
also restores gray hair to natural color and
produces thick and lustrouo eyebrows and eye-
lashes. By sending your name and address to
the Alterheim Medical Dispensary. 616 Selves
building, Cincinnati, Ohio, they will mail you
prepaid a free trial of their remarkable rem-
edy. . . *_— — ■■■"•«
CHANGE OF CLIMATE
WONT CURE CONSUMPTION
The Slocum System Is Needed.
A Curative Medicinal Treatment Founded on Modern
Scientific Truths Is More Potent
Than Air Alone.
FREE TREATMENT FOR LUNG WEAKNESS.
If those of our readers who reside in
the most highly favored sections of this
country, where the climate is healthy
and Invigorating, with a dry and tonic
atmosphere, will look about them, they
will see a greater or less number of
their friends and neighbors dying of
consumption, while many others have
already been carried off by that dread
malady.
These deaths have occurred from
time to time amid the refreshing prai-
rie breezes of summer; in the fair and
mellow days of autumn, and also in
the dry and sunny seasons of a south-
ern winter.
Such deaths amid such favorable
surroundings afford positive and con-
vincing proof that climate alone will
not cure consumption; that neither
pine-laden breezes nor bracing mount-
ain air will restore weak lungs or build
up a constitution that is being under-
mined and broken down by the insid-
ious germs of a fatal disease.
But, on the other hand, many thou-
sands of testimonials from grateful
people all over this country, who have
been cured by the Dr. Slocum System
of Treatment, and are to-day in the en-
joyment of perfectly restored health
and strength, afford the most convinc-
ing evidence that this treatment, aided
by favorable climatic conditions and
surroundings, is a positive cure for
Consumption, Asthma and all other
chronic diseases of the Throat, Chest
and Lungs.
Therefore, those who go to the
mountains, the seashore or to southern
climates, as well as those who already
reside in such favored localities, should
not fail to take the Dr. Slocum System
of Treatment if they wish to derive the
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTH KRIS IMCIFIC COMPAST.
tTACiriC ST.TKM.)
Train, leave nnd mv dne to nrrlve at
MAN I'lttSiiMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market "Street)
_b*t_ — Fkou Deo. 18. 1808. — Aaaira
•0:OOa Miles, San Jose six) Way Stations... "8:45 a
7iOOa Benicia, Suisua an- B_cr_uieuto .... 5:40r
7iUOa Marysnlle, Oroville aud Redding via
Woodland »:-»_■
TtOO_ Klmira. Ytcarllls Knnisey 8:43?
7iSOa Martinez, B_alt.._ion, Vallejo, Napa,
Oallstova and Santa Rosa AilSr
0:OOa Atlantic Express, Ug'le" and Kaat.. 8:43»
SiXUa Han .lose. LiTarmore, Htnckton.
lone, Sseraincuto, Plac-^llle.
MarysTllle, Chico, Red Muff _>ISr
«:SOa •Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4tlSr
ft-.uu_ Martinez. Tracy, L*t_rop, Stockton,
Meroed and Jr'resno ia«ia#
9i<»«a Fresno, Bakersliei'i. Hants Karlwra.
Los Angelea Detains, El Paso.
Nev Orleans and East ft«4s»
lOiOSa Vallrjo. Martinez snd Way StaUons 7s4a*f
ISiOOm Nll«s, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra- .
Birnto, Mendota. Hanfurd, Visalla,
PcnerrUle ___*■
•liOOr Sacramento Hirer Steaineia •8:00*
4:»>oi Martinez, _au llamoii, Vallejo,
Kapa, C_Hs»oft_, Saatta Itosa VilSa
4iO*r Benicia, V.-ica»llln, hacrainento,
Woodlaud, h-lithta Landing,
rdarys-rille. OroTille 80:4Jl»
4iSOr Niles, Ran Jose snd Stockton 7il3y
B.ftftr San Prancisco and Lue Angeles
Limited. Fresco, B_ker__el_. Los
A'-.-IoJ 9:43 a
0:30» Stocktou, Merced, Fresno 1*:1S»
6:301- Martinez. Tracy, J?>idota, Fresno,
M ) iTc, Santa liarbara and l.oa
Aaaelas _ *<*tta
|6:OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St
Louis, Chicago and East 19:45 A
•■Ser Santa Fr Hour. AtSUiOs Itzpress
(or Mojave and 18ut Oi**.
OtOOr Kurojieiin Mall, Ogilen and East.... 9:4.1*
6:0«r Harwarda Niles and San Jose 7i43a
•SiOOr Vaflajp I»il8r
t-iOOr Vallejo, Port Costa and "Way Sta-
tions J»i«»
kittitr Oregon Kai<T«aa,H_orauieuto. Marys-
• ill.. Rod. ling, l'ortlali.l, Fngel
Bound and East 8«l»a
«IBiB9r Sonset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paao, New Orleans
and East 61i«»>
""Sal« 4 LKANIMIO AM» lUVIVARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Masket Street.)
*"""" \ 81elro«e, Memlnair Park, f
AiOOa Kltchliurs, Klmfiurst, 6:13 a
tfttOOA Has Leandro, South Saa <*9:43 a
lO.ooa I ft— KirtadHlo, WW k
(lIiOOa ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • WW*
%sam *"'' *••_*_
B<OOr Hayward.. . "s***"'
' ,00 **' I Rnns through to NiiTsa T '* o *
j t From Niles. . I
" COAST Division (Narrow Usage). ~~
(Foot of Market Street.)
" ftisl Newartc.Oer.U'nille,San Jose.Felton.
Boulder Creek.Santa Way -
Stations. ■•■•• ataaw
«B>l9r Newark. OeuterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Orus and Principal Way
Stations 1 2*52 h
4«18r Newark, Sao Jose and Los Oatos... 9»20a
flli4sp Hunters* Excursion, San Jose and ____
Way Stations :**»»•_
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Stasis fßilClSOO— fwt sf _-r-«t Street iSU? »)-_„,
•7:15 9:00 " 11:00-.-. tl:03 *-:3" J- 3 '"*
"4:00 J8:0fl *e:OOr.M.
PsstafßraaiwAT.— "o:oo 8:00 18:00 i.«.
113:00 "1:00 $3:00 *S:3O t<:00 -8:00rj_,
COAST IMfISION (Broad flauge). "
(Third and Townsend Stg.) |
7iOOa Sau Jose »nd Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) \taaw
OiOOa Sau Jose. Tres Finos. Hanta Cms,
Pacilic tii.ivu. Faso ltubles, Saa
Lnls OliiS|Mi. Guadalupe, Surf and
I'rlnolpal Way Stations I'. 1 2""
lAiIOa Ssu .toe. and Way Stations S"""**!*
II:_«a San Jose and Way Stations Bi_Ba
"•sdftr San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jos*
Ollroy. Hollister. Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey ami Facilie
OroTeT. ... *******
•StßOr San Jose aud Way Stations "0:08 a
•4tl3r Ssn Jose and Principal Way Stations _ ! 4*"»-
•StOOp San Jose and Prlndpsl Way Stations «»B|»*
BiSOp Ban Joss aud Principal Way Statious » »2
O- hop San Jose and Way Stations I !8 _*
tlli4sp San Jose Way Stations 7»3»>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Snndays excepted. I Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
•{Mondays and Thursdays. aTuesdays and Saturday!
(SaturdarsaadWednes-aTS. fcThuisdsvs and Sundays.
California
Limited
Santa Te Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves pip.
Francisoo via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives Jn Chloagoat 9:52 A. M. th**
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday-Arrivlnsr In New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Ob,
6ervatlon Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Si! FRAHCISCO TICKET OFFICE — HI MARKET Sl
TELEPHONE WAIN lUL.
Oakland Offioe— Broadway.
Saeramenio Office— 2ol J Street.
fiu Jom Office— 7 West Santa Clan Si
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(VU Sausalito "erry.)
Leave San Franrlsoo. co___asncia« B___Uy t
Bept. U. 1898; y-V . ■ ■
Week Vara— a. m., I^l p. m. __
.Bundays-«:00. 10: M. U:M a. m.. till » Ik
Round trin from Mill •'alley. Q. '
THOS- COOK A SON, A««at-» J_M_B«
L __. *________,, _________ ■__■___ ■ - - «a.. _ nn 111 _-—-_■
full benefits of favorable climatic con-
ditions and scientific medication.
The Dr. Slocum System of Treat-
ment (consisting of Four Preparations)
is both medicine and food. The medi-
cines used in it allay the cough and
lung Irritation, heal the soreness and
subdue the pains in the throat, over-
come shortness of breath, improve the
appetite and digestion, and bring com-
fort, rest and refreshing sleep, while
its food properties are building up the
constitution, enriching the blood and
infusing the sufferer with new life and
vigor.
No single remedy will accomplish al!
this, but the Four Remedies embodied
in the Dr. Slocum System of Treatment
will. More than a quarter of a century
has been devoted to perfecting this
System of Treatment; every indication,
every symptom in Consumption and
other diseases of the Throat and Lungs
has been carefully studied in the de-
velopment of this Treatment; therefore
those who take it and give it a fair
trial certainly avail themselves of all
that modern science and skill have to
offer for the cure of Consumption and
all forms of wasting diseases.
Dr. Slocum's faith in the efficacy of
his System of Treatment is so strong,
and his interest in the welfare of hu-
manity so great, that he will cheer-
fully send his complete System of
Treatment (Four Preparations) FREE
to all sufferers who ask for it.
Write the Doctor.
Simply write, giving your full name
and address, to Dr. T. A. Slocum, Lab-
oratories, 96 and 98 Pine street, New
York City, stating that you read this
article in The San Francisco Call, when
the - FOUR FREE PREPARATIONS
will be sent you, together with free ad-
vice adapted to your case.
CILIFOINIi NORT_TWESTE_LN RT. CO.
IjESSB-D
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAGIHO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnron Ferry. Foot of Market 6ft.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00- a. m.; _ft:S_,
1:80, 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trig
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
and 1180 p. m.
DATS— B:OO, 8:8 ft. 11:00 a. m.j 1:1 ft, 8:8*>
■ 5:00 6:20 p. ». __
dxx RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WTEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:80, 11:10 a. m. : 18 !«.
8:10. 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips U
1:56' and 6:85 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:IO. 6:40. llilft a. M.i 1:40, BUft,
6:00, 6:-5 p. m. .^_^
Between San Franolsco end Schuetzen Park
, fame schedule as above.
I*»ve Arrtrs
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Franclsc*.
• , - Octobw 16, -
Week ! Sun- IS-8. Sun- j Week
Days. . Days. Destination. days. I days.
; T:80 am "8:09 am Novato, I0:40am I 8:40 am
T*Bo am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 amj 8:40 am
8:89 pm 9:80 am Petaluma 6:30 pm 10:25 ara
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm 6:U pa
» —i ■ i ' __—_—. —
Fulton, „__
too am Windsor, *W_» asa
Healdsburs.
Lytton.
Geysarvllle,
Mi 1:00 am Cloverdale. :86 pm 8:88 p_ft
a —————— i ————— "
Hopland and
! T:SO am Ukiah. 7:86 pm 6:89 pia
, 7:80 ton ' _ „ 10: 88
8:00 am Oumeyvlllo. 7:85 pm
8:80 pm *••»» P****
7:80 am "8:00 am Sonoma, 10:40 am 8:40 an
and
(:10 pm 6:00 pm Olen EUen. 6:10 pm 6:88 pa-
, - . — — — .
7:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
Mm pm 6:00 pmj 7:85 pm 6:2. pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark, "West
Springs; at Lytton for Lj-tton Springs; at GVey-
aervllle for Skagffs Springs; at Cloverdale for
! the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springe,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Santos*
! Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
'■ John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Eanhedrln Heights, HullvUla, Booneville orr*ft
Hot Springs. Mendocino Ctty. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllitts, Laytonville, Cum*
mlWs. Ball's Spring-, Harris, Olsen's. Dya_»
ficotla and Eureka.
f Saturday to Monday round trip tickets aft
seduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN,
_Oeseral Manager. Geo. Pass AgenU
A Superb Train
sgimtfL EVERY DAY II THE YEAB
"SBS^Union Pacific*
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRART CARS
WITH BARBER BHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS. ...
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLT SH DATS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at 4 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Franclseo.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. -^SOt 11:0 ft a. m.; *1:4_»
\ 8:45. 6:15, -*6:00. 6:38 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mon-
: days Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. ax.
SUNDAYS- -8:00. •10:00. 11:30 a. m.; «1:1__
8:00, "4:80. 6:15 p. m. •
Trains marked • run to San entla ..«-_--»
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:2S. "6:86. 7:45. "8:30 a. mi
•12:20, 2:20. "1:45. 5:05 p. m. _*_ ->*■
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. *
SUN D ATS— « "8:00. "10:0 ft. •11:65 a. a.!
•1:15. "3.10. 4:40. *6:20 p. m. __ _ M _
Trains marked • starts from SanQ^ n .2&„;
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISOO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 8:40 a. no. a
12:36. 2:45. 8:50. 6:29 p. m. __
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 n. m.
BUNDATS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.; L:O5, 1:23. 8:28,
6:OC. 6:20 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 1:80 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'aa.
1:48 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations.
Viftft a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
v VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1599. trains will run as foilowsa
South-bound. North-bound. i
.
Passen- j Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd ,Exc'ptd Dally. .
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:46 pm 6:00 pm
6:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
16:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 8:30 am 8:42 pm
i 11:33 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
8:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 8:00 am 11:00 am
j 11:58 ami 6:25 pm ' Vlsalla 6:40 ami 1:22 pra
j 12:15 pm I 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am! 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of staffs and other connection!
i inquire at Traific Manager's Offlco. J2l -Lurks]
„ml i J__yM gl-ggliaa.^_'»""'i i .- » * !
1112
WAN.' FRANCISCO CALL.
BCVIIHOBS OFFICE of th» ban Franclsoo
Tell, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
jrull li o'clock every night in th* year.
HRANfH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
■roroer Clsy; open until &:*) o'clock.
tn liar ta street; open until 9:20 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until »:30 o'clock.
«5 Lorkln street; open until 9:20 o'clock.
IMI Mission utreet: open until 10 o'clock.
I2€l Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
jntll i o'clock.
IM Eleventh Btreet; 'iV-.n until » o'clock.
lilt. Mission street: open until I o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
itro-r*; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
IT PAUL'S. California. St., near Fillmore— The
Rev. William Maxwell Reilly, rector. Holy
c.iramaulw, 7:30 a. ra.; morning prayer and
sermon by tho- rector at 11. EvensoM and
sermon. 7:30 p. m. Special services with
I^nteti sermons on Tuesday and Friday oven-
Ings; L»nt»n music under lbs direction Of
A. A. Rankin, by St. Paul's vested choir of
m»n, women and t*,y». • .
FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness aye.
and Ka'-ramento st. — The pastor, Rev. R.
Mackenzie, D.D., will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:3.'. p. m. Evening subject. "The Divisions
Of Protestantism." Sunday school at 12:4-
-p. m. Y. P. S. C. E-, 6:_> p- m. All are
welcome. - •■ '- -•--
CALVARY Preabyterlan Church, cor. Powell
and C-rar> sts.. Rev. John Hemphill. D.D..
pa-«to!— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. r=.
Topic, evening, "War Itetween the OW and
N*w and the Victory." • Music, morning.
Te D-vam ta). C. K. Pay: offertory, soprano
p: , -Shepherd Of Israel." Nevlr.. Mrs.
Susie H^rtrr.ark. Music, evenir^. "JubP.a-.e
Dec" fa). Schneck*.-: offertory. "In Dreads
I Heard the Seraphim," Faure. alto and
*ra"3 solo ar;2 quartet. All are mada wel-
come. '_
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mls-
t\ r. <•: h'l. Sixth and Sever.th— Dr. Charles
Edward' Locke, pa»tor. will prr-ach: subject,
3! a nC "Oce of the BiMe Josephs"; a: >:3.j
p m. "The Modern Trojan Horse." Sunday
school, 1 p. rr.. Oais meetings, &;£> a. m. and
Ii 30 p. m. Men's Bihie class. 1 p. 88. Chris-
tian Endeavor Society, 6 p. m. Midweek
prayer service Wednesday evtnir.g. This Is a
people's church. S^ats hth free. Everybody
cordially Invited. Music led by chorus choir.
J. J. Morris, choir master. •
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Churrh cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts.— Rev.
John Stephens, pastor; residence. Vf) Halgbt
tt Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. At
Ham the Rev. W. 8. Matthew. D.D.. will
preach.' and at 7:30 p. m. the Rev. W. W.
Case D. D. Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. : C.
R Perkins superintendent. Epworth League
meeting at «:3fl p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. The pub-
lic cordially Invited to all the services of this
church. Seats free. Ushers in attendance.
THESFIrst Unitarian Church, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts. Rev. Dr. Stebbins,
rninlfter emeritus. Rev. Stafford W. Brooke,
minister pro tempore, Charles A Murdock,
superintendent of Sunday school. The Sun-
day school Is at 10 o'clock. The morning
tervlce If at 11 o'clock Rev. Mr. Brooke
will occupy the pulpit. Mrs .J H. Birming-
ham will sing. All are cordially lnvlt-.-d.
There Is no evening service.
THE West Side Christian Church wiil hold
" services Sunday at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
M W Williams. pantor. will preach In the
morning on "The Disciples' Prayer," In the
evening on "Giants." Sunday school Is held
at 10 a. m. Young People's meeting at 6:80
p m. All are cordially invite.]
THE First Divine Science Church, M. E.
Cramer, pastor— Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
J-r-t. "'What is Loyalty to Truth?" Ser-
vices every Sunday in Yosemite Hall. Native
Sons' building. Mason st., bet. Geary and
Boat. Take elevator.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 22.T Sutter si . bet, Kearny and Grant
, iv e —Christian Science Bible lesson. Ham.;
subject, "Reality." Sunday school for chil-
dren at the name hour. Wednesday evening
meeting at 8 o'clock. All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post et.- Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:80 p. m.
This church was organized by command of
i;..d In 1.'.10 to prepare a people for the sec-
ond coming of Jesus Christ to Judge the
world. Is the '"Dispensation of the Fullness
Of Time." C. A. Parkin, pastor. All wel-
cume.
ii Church, 1133 Mission " Ben ice Sun-
day school, 11:80 a. m. ; preaching, 7.. p. m.
In Welsh by Rev. .1. .). Berry from Wiscon-
sin. Strangers cordially Invited.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (The Theosophlcal
Society in America). Academy of Sciences
building, 819 Market st. — Lecture to-night,
"Conscience." by Mrs. Mercle M. Thirds;
Tuesday night. "Music In Nature*'; Satur-
day night, "The Holiness of lxi!...r " .
TiiEOHOPIUCAL Society— Public lecture to-
night ot 8 o'clock In Odd Fellows' building
by Miss Marie A. Walsh. Subject. "The
Mystery of Mars." Lotus circle for children
In same building at 1' ■'.-■
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, corner 1 .arkm and McAllister
sts. -Sun. ... March 19, at 7:30 p. m. Speaker,
Mrs. It. S. Lillie; subject. "Han G.«i Done
His Best? Moody Says No." Admission free. :
REM ARK A RLE test and physical seance to-
night; Mrs. D. .1. Moran and her gifted chil-
dren: Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 909 Mar-
ket ft.; admission, 16c.
SUNDAY platform— Dr. York at lower Scot-
tish Hull, Larkin St., this evening, on "Free
Trade and High Tiurirf.*- All Invited
AT Dr. Rines 1 spiritual society; 909 Market. 11-
-2-&. Mrs. ngham. Bird, Seeley: all tests;
Tuesday, Friday. .-. p. m., 1238 Howard St.; 10c.
MRS. BBERHARDT, 937 Guerrero st., near
Meetings Sunday and Thursday nights;
Wednesday 2 p. "i ; 10c.
MRS. SOPHIA BEIP. spirit seer, 1724 Market
st., near Polk; counsel, BOo; by letter, 50o;
meetings every night . 10c.
POSITIVE proof Riven of spirit return; every
one gets a test to-night. LEANDER, 313
Eddy st.
grand spiritual test meeting to-nlshl 909
Market; Mrs L. S. Drew; convincing tests
free.
PEST meeting, 2 and Bp. m . 100 1346 Market.
R. A. Stltt. Nits, Butler, Hargrave, others.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle t. . -night, tt sealed
letters lead; l"o; sittings dally. 120 Sixth St.
C. V. MILLER'S etherealizlng, materializing
seance, 8 p. m.; fOc*. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual medium; tobacco habit
cured or no pay. 880 Valencia st.
miS. EGGERT AITKEN, medium; sittings
dally 120 McAllister ,-t . flat I.
MllliM. NOTICES. ,
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A M.— The officers and members _^V_
ar.- hereby notified to attend the fit- T£2f
neral of our deceased brother. WAL- ram*
TER HEASLEY BLAIR, from 1839 Fillmore
St.. THIS DAY (SUNDAY), at 1:80 o'clock
p. m. By order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
BT ANDREW'S Society— Open meet- . fT __
Ing TO-MORROW EVENING at 3L &OiJ
Scottish Hall. 117 larkin st. Tanna- "tisajDt
hill programme. Members and
friends Invited.
JAS. B. WEBSTER. President.
A. R. PATTERSON, Secretary.
CALEDONIAN Club -Thirty-third v <y >^
annual gathering and games at **n. Qiu'J
Shell Mound lark, Berkeley, TUES- tJkXE*:
DAY. May 80. V^3*»
A NOTTS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
BRICKLAYERS" International Union—Cali-
fornia No. 1 meets at 1188 Mission st. first and
third Mondays In month.
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of th"
Stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the offlce of the
company, 327 Market Mt.. San Prancisco, Cal..
on MONDAY, the 87th day of March, UM, at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
Mar. 17. lM»f'. at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
MEET to-day at 1 UNCLE HA RRIB', 15 Grant
aye.. to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up:
painting done, Hartman Taint Co., 319 id nt.
LAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO . 416 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. SX2O.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 65 (twenty-
tlve cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will DC payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after MONDAY, March 20. ISP').
Transfer books will close on TUESDAY.
Man 14, 1899. at 3 o'clock P. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
I '—■ ' ****** ■
STOI.AGE.
CE RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 i'"' st., cor. Powell; teL Main 5713.
PIERCE * TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
ing, advance, etc. 736 Mnrket: tel. Black 311.
DON'T store in cellars. -. (O. M. JUDSON
& CO., 1123 Howard st. ; advances made.
FIRST ci, a. storage room; reasonable. VIN-
CENT CO., 332 Tost st.
KITIATIOM4 * W '^ £_'^l^s^^~ f
NUMBER of neat young cook* *r.d * ____"
■ « air. in ''7, "i T^vrn fit
address or telephone MISS PLUN -.-Tin. . *.* j
Sutter st. — — I *,
EXPERIENCED trtaamakn**^'*^* =«***« \
engngements by the : day.„l» ia_r.s«. ,
_ITUA_TON*I-1 working •**^**'^?* r , ; S^f7 I '
enced; m«d-l*agetf£«*£««* ftl^i
dfen. Call Mltg^ WHEE-O-K ***-*• Castro, j
WA^fErT-By a cenip*t*nt "►*r;*i r ; c *^ *f?2!_ j ,
ran woman, the care of aa rw sc. «r a ccj- •
pie of young children." wa*-« $-*- Bex lioa.
all office. : .
MIDDLE-AGED G*r=a= _!__!__ good cock. '
wishes position a*. to*aek**o*x *= country.
Address box Uls. <-3_- -—-'*- , ,
WOMAN wishes work by th* day. ISS Web-
ster et.; ser.d poart--.
WANTED-By r^dls-a*^ lady. 4 to 6 hours
work p-er day; a:c_ft:>c_ed to chamber work.
Address 4CI Cteaeattea su j
FIRST-CLASS dressciaker frc-ra the East
would like sewing in good families. $1 SC per .
day. Address i>~* 1114. Call office.
COMPETENT girl would like place for sec-
ond work in. private fa_-.IIy ir. country; good
seamstress. SCO Van Ness aye.
WANTED — By midd'e-aged worna-. position to
do light housework for o!d couple or young
married cruple with on* c_.*.'.i. Box 10S*.
Cail office. i
EXPERIENCED colcred infant's nurse wishes
s:t-.i_t;er>.. AiJre^s 1*24 California, st.
GOOD dre*sma_er w-.shes a few more -cage- j
ments by the day. U2S> Filfcnore sL '
PIANO teacher wishes to give lessons fcr sew-
In?. Box U29. Cail offlce.
MASON'S widow wants plain sewing cr mend-
ing to io at ho=r.e. Box U2-. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to take
full charge as working housekeeper; under-
stands care of children. 23>»_ Fu'.tor. St.
DRESSMAKING. $1 per day; drop postal. -Let-
ter bax. H Murphy bldg.. 1236 Market st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker desires sewing by
the day ln families. 1523 Clay st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking in families or
at home; terms $*. '.' per day. Cail evenings, j
j Dressmaker, fr^- Post st.
; WOMAN with 1 child would like housework:
city or country. &-* 1125. Call office.
YOUNG woman with small boy will assist in
reflned family for room and board. Address
box 1134. Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework;
city cr country. Address 512 Jessie st.
REFINED, respectable young woman with 4-
months-old infant wishes position as wet-
nurse. Address box 1120, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants position as invalid's
or Infant's nurse; first-class seamstress; city
or country. Address M. C , 525 Stockton st.
MAKER, first-class; perfection in fit-
ting and style; evening costumes remodeled;
price moderate by the day. J. PICOT, 501
Poet -.. room 34.
HOUSEKEEPER, neat, reliable, elderly East-
ern woman with references, wishes position:
good cook and laundress; likes children:
wages $12 month. 341 Minna su
COMPETENT woman wants washing or house-
cleaning or any kind of work: $1 80 per day.
727"% Natoma st , near Ninth.
GERMAN woman wants washing or general
housework. 121 Valencia st.
GERMAN-Amerlcan cook wants position In
private family, good references. Apply 16
Oak st. "
GIRLS of all nationalities awaiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkin st. Telephone
Sutter 52. __ J ___
WOMAN with a child desires to work 3 or 4
hours a day in boarding house or rooming
house. Call Rf>4i_ Howard st. y-
YOUNG woman wishes situation as house-
ice. -per or nurse; country preferred. Address
bos 1108, Call office, Oakland.
BOOKKEEPER: young lady: competent ln
general office work, salary moderate; refer-
ences N. 8., 1063 Franklin st . Oakland.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants po-
sition as housekeeper; no objection to a
child; thorough housekeeper Box 714, Call
office, Oakland. -
LADY would like a position as housekeeper In
hotel or a small family; no objection to the
country: best of references. Call or address
, MRS. A. A., 517 Ninth St., Oakland.
SWEDISH woman wants washing. Ironing or
housecleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St.. off ShotweU* ■'.."»
STRONG, sober, middle-aged woman wants
place to do housework, city references. Call
..a ahotwell st.
YOUNG lady desires position as companion to
an Invalid or as housekeeper for small fam-
ily or do sewing In a family; good home de-
sired Address 132 California aye.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, ..skins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED A home In a nice family as assist-
i ant caretaker and companion; good references
as a lady: city or town. Address box 10-1.
Call office. '
RESPECTABLE woman with a little girl de-
sires a position as managing housekeeper; no
objection to children; references. 122.1 Mis-
j sion st.
<;<«>!> strong colored woman wishes a position
as children's nurse of lady's maid; city or
traveling Call 1515 Leavenworth st.
YOUNG lady of ability desires a home with
refined family In exchange for piano Instruc-
tions; references 1223 Mission St. _:
GOOD cook, exceedingly neat, quick worker,
wants work; sleep home; good references.
708 Taylor st.
SUPERIOR Infant's nurse desires situation;
bt-st local references. 719 1 . Bush st
NORTH German girl would like a position as
waitress and upstairs work. Apply 1642 Polk
AN experienced laundress wants work by the
day. 349 1 . Minna st., room 1.
FRENCH girl wishes position as nurse; 1 or 2
children; good references. Address MISS
JOSEPHINE MAITRE, Cosmopolitan Hotel,
Fifth and Mission ■ t«
RESPECTABLE middle-aged lady wishes situ-
ation as a working housekeeper; thoroughly
capable; city or country. Cull or address
MRS. D.. U. I.askle sL
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a place as
working housekeeper, city or country. Apply
nt 402 Golden Gate aye., downstairs.
COMPETENT young woman desires a position
as companion or governess In a first-class
family; references. 24 Angelica St.
AMERICAN girl would like place for second
work In American family; good seamstress.
Call 200 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse with good city
reference wonts a position. Box 1068. Call.
WANTED by the day or half day by
reliable woman. Address 2239 Adeline st.,
Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wiapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
sITIATItr.S WANTED—MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V'.. O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 421.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant s*.
COACHMAN. married; understands the*
care Of lawns and flowers: wife first-class
cook or second work; city or country; Al ref-
erences. Address box 1119, Call offlce.
MAN and wife. German cooks, want positions
tn hotel; city or country. 278 Minna st.
YOUNG German. 80 years old, wishes to get
position ns choreman on a ranch or private
place: Is also 11 good teamster and milker.
Address A. RICHARD. 636 Commercial st.
PAINTER— First-class In all branches; house
and sign painting, graining, paperhanging
and frescoing; established In San Francisco
for the last six years, wishes to take posi-
tion in country (own near San Francisco.
Box 1104, Call office^
BRIGHT, active young man wishes situation
anywhere where study and close application
to business will earn promotion; salary not
so much object at start. go..d references. O.
E. 11.. 710 Rim- st.
SITUATION wanted by young man ns bar-
'■ tender; first-class. Address box 1115. Call.
HAVING small Income will work cheap In
small grocery or cigar store, or any light
business or work: highest references. Ad-
dress box 1116, Cull office.
WANTED— By a sober, middle-aged American,
ft situation about private place; horse, gar-
den, etc. ; good home looked for at low
' wages rather than otherwise. Address WILL-
ING, 224 Seventh st.
• WANTED Situation as valet or attendant to
Invalid by thoroughly reliable, steady Eng-
lishman: well educated; good manners and
appearance. Address TRAVELER, box 1091, i
Call office
WANTED— By active, elderly man. to do
chores and make himself generally useful
round place; understands care of horses,:
i milking and garden work: handy at all work;
• good references. CHOREMAN, 413 Natoma.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man, wants
sterols position. Address Brooklyn Hotel
Barber Shop.
REFINED, earnest, willing young man.
University graduate, wishes employment In
office, store, private home, as valet; willing '
to do anything; good references. Box Ill's,
Call office. t . ;
• MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
THiS <\N FUA^s-gI^QQ C MX, SUNDAY, MARCH^I9^JIB9fI>
___ -■ - ™ "— — — *■^~— ■— — ■ ' "■' ' "."""" , *
• ITt \ Vto>« >*•■ A>""t'^'iV^V-*A**sH^t?.*^ j
__Xr_DU_V<KQ_A w--* l * "* K! * <^vc^J»v*>. V.fl-.* 3 -*^ .
Ktttftfea tw »..**KM^, W:\*\tt M*- :
•g&x** to 4k !}-•-_,_._. iw-.-»v. -aW~«?** %*4 _t_j, ■
Q_Q_gttteg _ --
4. .... t*^i* §&- ''
rerwssVi. *ttO>v.-« Wvs^>tWn, _>t '»•''•; '^*£ l r-<v; tf I *-
■•-ax-*.*.. W-**s*s* «_! _*%CT, <•*'"-'.• Wf^ay ..
WA.VTE^-SW*W "«» W^'y 'i'is'y'fe'^-7 I
wage* ivt v*f«t* i'vn* vo :ui.l '-•/--..l v-V^-r-^-p I
rives.. Ad&Ke-ft tt v'V.vS-ij, \g___ $•& '
situation V**>.i,*W ta % v i at 7; i,x *4.fer^L-*"***"t-
Ch*r-S* Bllvf.. V -.;. ■ v.- I: £\ - .'-■■■•-■ ' » «&
CV>., ST"* l S_x-'^*r."v« i^ ik-
RELIABLE""-*^ * >*.•» V» *~i.Vo4 r '-~ l''' J £_~JSr>
Isiar.ds. Ttufctt* ¥ t * i W?**y rv.vl^-t-v*. V* l *!.
1133." Call cC-gevi V '■;7 .
RANCH cwr""*S w7k»> 7"¥"
brains! First-etas* t'-c.'.'w*' **vi
_r i stoeknuux w**-.it-« *w..*-f*i v..- *n*v V*w. v"*,
ranch or arxywhvr*;. *'!, .... Hi>r_«u-4.u v
married; wi> *vo«_ «.>ovk, lfi ov*K«^; *-r v '** v
ha.* the manage weat OJ? iwv.r.4,l; uk-.i^'ios; ">*»
references: salary tvt l coH,.-_ok'r*»>.tWtK »• *"*•
8.. 535 Twentieth » ! - C^KianJ.
ACTIVE carpenter, *'^' w»_.r-t.M»Js s am»
cabinet making. gt*Bta*. v*H»i,t»S> JWtf*
etc.. U a sck*-1 mechanic. wtC» <*, HUio catuUl.
wishes a chance tc> _**<» p-*?* i» .4 _vsJr_bl«>
business, or '.-:■■■- tuon-y oi» -JOoo| se-
curity and act as woc<yta.i*; b* **__. tor t"vj
last 17 years busy In th!** city:. od!.v tm«A
parties with security iu*j *.J_i<*«i- box iw,
Call office.
Japanese first-class cock. **_t>U po-ltloii In
'city cr country. A__r**s -V, MIYO. 55s Sev-
enth st.. OaklatvL ;
GARDENER, first -clas* In aU br*iK*he», wishes
■Ituation tn private family; thcioushly un-
derstands orchard work: al*-*- handy with
tooN; can run gasoline ettstne; reliable *" 1
obliging; references. Addr**» *•*• B-. bo -"**
1072. Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 ro^ms: 25c to V 10 nts&t: UM to $•»
week convenient ar.d respectable; rr»s bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
MIDDLE-AGED man. Just received hl» dis-
charge from the XJ. S. V., would like <»• tet-
tion; any kind of work; strong and reliable.
Address box 1042. Call office.
MAN and wife. German, desire positions on
farm or dairy: man experienced dairyman
and farmer; wife a good cook. 101 Pros-
pect place, bet. Powell and Stockton, oil
Sacramento. ; -'.'-' ■-*
CHINESE first-class cook, meat and pastry,
wishes position; private family. hotel or
boarding house; satisfaction. WILLED
JAMES. 906 Clay at.
CHEAPEST and best D America— Weekly j
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the i
United States or Canada one year for $1. J
postage paid.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and housework,
3 in family. Oakland. 890; 20 housework girls. i
}_"■ and $20; 10 cooks, German families, $25
each. MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting, country j
hotel $20; waitress, country, $20. HOTEL ;
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st. j
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; $5
per month. 4 Twelfth st. . '_ j
$12 PER month; light housekeeping. Call at
612 Stanyan St. ■ '
WANTED— A rich contralto. MARGARET
JACKSON, studio, 528 Turk st.
NEAT young girl or elderly woman to mind
baby and assist; salary $8 to $10. Call between
2 and 4 at 108 Chattanooga St.. near 22d.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer. 2014 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on custom vests; good
wages. Address 708 California st. '
LADIES everywhere to mall circulars, samples
and copy letters at home; reply with stamped
envelope. PEERLESS CO.. South Bend. Ind. '
OPERATOR on custom pants by the week. 541
Market st. I
3 YOUNG ladles to join theatrical company; no
experience required. J. B. I". box 1129. call.
GIRL to attend to customers; ladles' tailoring.
363 Geary st.
OPERATOR wanted on Comely- braid-
ing machine. MO Geary St., upstairs^
TWO experienced corders for underskirts and
finishers on underwear. 647 Market st.
LADIES' skirt Operators wanted. 226 Rush st.
KRAKER.
LADIES and gentlemen as correspondents; also
to take graphs for Illustrating; fascinat-
ing employment; no experience; camera sup-
plied free- send addressed envelope for terms
quickly. COLONIAL MAGAZINE, 106 Park
Row. New York.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is so crowded we hove had to secure
additional room for our patrons, Our sewing-
rooms are presided over by the most compe-
tent teachers. Mme. Rowell manages the
millinery department, and for making and
trimming In her line she has no superior; hats
trimmed In the latest styles for Ke; the only
place In the city where you can get up-to-
date patterns cut; terms reasonable. Make
us a Visit; It will give us pleasure to show
you through the school; send for circulars.
McDOWELL DRESSMAKING AND MILLI-
NERY SCHOOL. 108 Post st.
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trance, ladies, UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant ay.
WANTED— Young girl for cooking and house-
work, wages $2f,. Inquire between 9 and 11
a. m.. 2007 Devlsadero St.
APPRENTICE wanted by MME. GRAESBLER.
127 Taylor st.
OPERATORS on skirts; electric power. DA-
VIDSON & MILLER, 731 Market st.
WANTED— Woman to establish agencies; sal-
ary and expenses. Box 1079, Call
HELP WANTED Sl -.LE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main r.848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Wont 7 a. m. Monday
blacksmith for lumber company. $60 and
found; furnace man, quicksilver mine •>>.
and found; coal miners for the north, SOc to
76c car. woodchoppers, $1 50, $1 ib, $1 and
70c cord; grafters, form, orchard and vine-
yard hands: butter maker and milker. $30;
milker, $26; gardener, private family, $30 and
found; drillers and laborers. $1 76 day. MUR-
RAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS waiters bakers
6 cooks, different country hotels, $30 and $35;
waiters, plain places, $20 and found; Ironer,
country laundry; third hand baker, $25 and
round; grocery clerk and tend bar. 815 and
found MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 186
IS German or Scandinavian laborers for tho
woods. $30 and found.
woodchoppers, Santa Cruz County
marine engineer
laborers mountain railroad
hotel waiter, $.10 2 colored waiters, US
starcher and polisher, hotel laundry, $30;
porter, $20, country hotel; bell boy, $:;.'.;
blacksmith ". and Others
C. It. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK, country hotel, $70; head waiter, country
tel, $35. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
AN Eastern manufacturer wants a coast rep-
resentative; must be well acquainted with
Jewelry and kindred trade; a go. si salesman,
with knowledge of bookkeeping; give full par-
ticulars as tv experience and salary expected.
Address box 1095, call office
GOVERNMENT positions Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our Illustrated catalogue of Information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE, Washington, D. C.
$10 DAILY Introducing new Gaslight Burners
for kerosene lamps, no chimney: outfit free.
PERFECTION GASLIGHT BURNER CO., E.
7. Cincinnati. O.
WANTED A cultured Parisian to give French
lessons in. exchange for Instruction In Eng-
lish or stenography; evenings only. Box 11U6,
Coll office. ■
WANTED— A competent dress goods salesman
for Sacramento. Apply to-day (Sunday) from
10 a. m. to l p. m., 623 Market St., room 7.
BARBER to buy a cozy barber shop and cigar
stand; doing good business; owner leaving
city; sickness cause. • Address box 50. Call.
WANTED A first-class custom pants pressor;
good pay. Call to-day between 10 and 12,
411.. Kearny St.; top floor.
EXPERIENCED operator on the Wilcox &
Glbbs machine to learn tucking. 840 Market.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's and
Infants' wear to take work home. 840 Market.
WANTED Young man typewriter; good pen-
man: salary; references. Box 1117, Call office.
f - GOOD, energetic salesmen: steady employ-
ment, good wages. Apply Monday, 9 a. m.,
at 20 Webb st.
WANTED— good men. Apply at 22 Post st.
from 7:3" p. m. to 8:30 p. m., 20th Inst.
EXPERIENCED Job compositor; young man
only. 16 Fremont st.
BOY wanted to learn shoe business. 442 De-
vlsadero st.
BOY living at home to learn good trade. Box
362, Call office/ __■
WANTED— A man that understands nursery
and florist business. 600 Haight st.
GOOD cook wanted. . 432V4 Fifth st. "
MARINER wanted In the shipping business
with small capital. NAUTICAL INSTRU-
MENT. 6 Market st. •
CUSTOM coat, vest and pants makers; Sunday
morning or Monday. 635 Kearny st.
IS YOUNG men to leave city; no experience
necessary; everything free; no charges for
Job. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. upstairs.
UELV WANTED— 4 outtuue*.
\L\N V" 1 clean store every day from * to 12;
•jr^e?, \\*tn>k7* 6!*» LaTkm SV'
IQ-ftrttls week — .-KH) ratrs men's shoes." some
'oejrlx* new.* 'from ■ 5.V lo *i\ _«.': new shoes.
"llghty damped, one-bnlf price. CW Mission
ttyhti- Flnit _nd Second. •**■*£ t^l !_____..„
\UN orlady "to travel and |pffQ\at K'Ktn^fiJQ
'S&blnheA lnn': 451. l«r »Mi%2Li#?l^
VVBUn. ' Manufacturer, tjn-i Mti. _ v'hu ago. IU
w7\VtEl>-"- '_U.okko7per, CW^artW*? With Kuuvvl-
v t:tge of -lumber bu~tm-tn; mute retet.ru.ei »nd
experlenco. A<Utresa_ R.Mwond^ l»-x 107_. \ all-
SPXCIAVTY btvlesn><»» *-***' l<"-r_6, well-juiovvu
ftxnv.* salary and cMrmitt^t-m; only nr*.*. ouss
mennee.l aiTU'. 'w't"n' roieTencta. bumlley
MantiXaoturtn_ C?-. Cnlt-agf^ 111- -•■ . ■ ■
GET VoursTiiT^' hilf-soled while W«tUnft •"*>«
to 500. 56. MUmion at., bet. .....
GROCERY "cIerk; st(U«) evpetleuc**. refeiunea
aad salary. Bo* WW, CaU o""*iea.
WANTED-Competent lecturer. Catholic or
eoxleslastWal student preferred-
■,,, gX H 1 HI
TION CO.. VETISR BACUIALU- > 1. M_n___r.
W3 Market st. .
FIRST-CLASS adveitlslns agent ; lady or gen-
tleman. Room t. 405 CulKornla st. _
UOO.OOO .... ou diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
pianos, silver. t*NCLE HAR_H|S,_lo Qrant a\
RECRUITS wanted tor the United States Ma-
rine Corps, X*ulte_ States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men between Ou- ages of 21 and 3S
years, wh.i are eiti-en» o*l \*~ Untted Staten,
or th.ise wlu. have legally declared their in-
tention to become s,uclr. must be ' goo«l char-
acter and habits and able tv speak, read and
virile English, and l>e between 5 feet ft Inches
and 6 feet m height. -- a further Information
apply at the- Recruiting Offioa, to Bills st..
San Prancisco. Cal. __________
WANTED- l-aborera and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 I***"
rooms; 200 per night: %l tO ■"* per week.
WANTED- Men to learn the barber trade:
summer rates or percentage terms 1542 Mkt.
SAILORS green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penter* for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis »t., near Jackson.
bTrKERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
.... H. Bernard. Sec 104 7th; tel Jessie 1184.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny Rooms from 25c
to .V,-. Jt to 88 per week.
SO MEN to < ■ on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required, HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— v Montana House. 764^ Mission
st men to take rooms. Kte, 15c and Be per
night: 6<V. SKY' nnd $1 per week. ■:
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber college. I.W- Eighth st
SINGLE sunny furnished room, 12 50 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
; MEN'S flne calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
solelng. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
: SINGLE rooms. 15c, -tV. 25c rer night: 75c. $1
I to *2 .- -1 wk. Elcho House, S63'_ Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Butter st.
I SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme use, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2Sc a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 2Sc night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS "WANTED.
AGENTS- We will pay $100 per month and rail-
road expenses to any man who will faithfully
represent us in taking orders for the most re-
liable portrait copying house In the world;
we pay strictly salary. Address at once De-
partment 404, G. E. MARTEL. New York City.
JOHN L. KELLETT. Oil of Eden: removes
* Impurities accumulated In nerve centers,
which create disease and pain; reliable drug-
gist or business man in every town as whole-
sale and retail agent. Particulars write 1309
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. '
AGENTS make $4 to IS a day selling Handy
Harness Riveter machine to everybody; coun-
ties assigned; sample express prepaid. $1 50;
weight 4 pounds. State Agency HANDY
MACHINE CO., 58 Third St., S. F. Cal.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre: best
»C article on earth. BROWN. 332 Bust st.
AGENTS for new kitchen utensil; sells at
sight; liberal commission. Call at 1148 Polk.
CANVASSERS ln every town on the coast;
something new. Box 1103. Call office.
LADIES or gents; article of merit: should be
In every family. srt Chronicle building^
SOLICITORS for an article used in every house;
big money. Address C. 0., 303." Sixteenth st.
LADY ngents: canvassers in every town for
easy selling article. Box 10S.S. Call office.
BE wise and get In while the proposition Is
new and make good money. 183 Seventh st.
ROOMS AND HOARD WAATED.
WONDERFUL healer would like room and
board In country In exchange for treatments.
Box 1099, Call office. y .yy
YOUNG lady wants board; widow's family: no
other boarders: reference. Box 1092. ''all.
ROOMS WANTED.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
rent not over $•'. KM Fourteenth st.
2 OR 3 rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping; bath and laundry; north of Market;
must be reasonable. Address, stating terms,
etc., box 1 -.. ''all office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Name and address of all persons
Interested In the subject of cremation; hand-
some Illustrated souvenir pamphlet mailed
free. Address FRANK B. GIBSON, Cypress
Lawn Cemetery Association. S. P.. Cal.
WANTED A saloon; must be cheap for cash.
Address box 1094, Call office,
WANTED Second-hand lady's wheel In good
order; must be cheap. Box 1107. Call Office.
PAINTER wants to buy falls and staging. ''all
at 228 Fulton st.
WANTED Everybody to know that the Metro-
pole Club lb". ore running at 773 Market
m . next door to the Midway Plalsance.
WANTED Decked boat; outside ballast. Box
1075, Call office. > yv
WANTED— 10,000 ft. 2d hand water pipe for Ir-
rigating: 1 to 4 In S. V. Iron Yd. 204 Mission.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER. wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, f.oc; gents. $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
GYPSY life reader give! true readings: ladles,
25c; gents, 50c. 1063 Mission St., near Seventh.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
render; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
M~ME AUGUST, 1180 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and' palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladles only.
643 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. HANSON, palmist nnd card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153 V. Bth, r. 21.
NINTH, 77— Your future told by cards; laities.
lie. gentlemen. 25c; satisfaction guaranteed.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms it and 10.
MME RAVENA rends life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2. .c up. 6 Fourth St.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings; ladles,
25c; gents, 50c. 1063 Mission St., near Seventh.
Blanche DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future bus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
rnaine. 3388 Twenty-flrst St.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mall. Bi.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
st.; 15 years' experience: references given.
HORSES.
WANTED- To buy, a horse not over 6 years
old; weight about 1100 pounds; good style and
build and easy driver. Apply to R. BAUER.
1157 Folsom st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .>,■-
"WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FELLING out— New and second-hand wagons
for sale cheap at 630 Broadway.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. S2S Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE. 6-room house, for sale cheap;
complete for housekeeping: rent low; three-
nuarterß covered by roomers; no dealers. Call
2 to 4 p. m., except Sunday. 1132 McAllister.
FOLDING bed with mirror front for sale; near-
ly new; cheap.; 3624 Seventeenth st. •
4 ROOMS. furnished in oak for 848 50, with NoT
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
PERSONALS.
AMERICAN gentleman, genial and generous
wealthy, lucrative business, seekH congenial
wlfu. HOBSON, box 4-. 1 >__ -Third aye .
New York. __
,,,,,. Qulnonla Hair Tonic, the finest
hair Riuil. 3'h' hnttl*. LKDEREIVS Foamo.
lUtt besl sh.umiuio._su ,1- '-■ Htoc.kton_Bt.
i EDI vi.v Km leading hairdresser, price 25c;
l-.iiKt-Bt  . rolls, only 3f-c; stuck of fins wigs
tv l>e i'lut.i.il nut,' »8; win* (or $2 60; mini «...
i Synches, |l us Stockton at.
LINCOLN i.i...i HI Hi
HutUrj 250 full; uicii hams, 7>,.n lh; cheese,
hag nil flour, WO stink; ouriimuul, 200 sack;
20 lbs neai iii '*> «''ns sardine*, ft; l0_O»n*
tulilu -fruit, ill IS !».» pninen, pfiais, pearl 1...1
Ick ur spill pi*-**, *t; tomatoes, UOii iio*en! J
..., Ml I
SUUi el, al.uVb r'ulsuili, (
AlJ^lr and jteftip ill»«rfss a snaeially; dand-
niff, ei'-mutt, ralllnK Mlr cur«il; no pay until
wa grPW mill en ball heart*; l > raj hall re-
stored lv Ha 11 o,„i t'olur; Hto 4 months;
rernsdy sent by mall, un: >l ITINB LO.,
6 LMity sl., H I"'., HI. Anna building, mum jh
Xl ,., . good* "t eviary de-crtnttoni catalogue
,. UDWIN Ml 11. it..-. l'"., ' 1. .1ed... °*
I WANT an envelope self-addressed and 111
tell you how i.. curs drunks without
patient's knowledge; «i<nt't send money. Mils,
M w HAWKINS. Grand llaplds. Mich..
Luck ii(.*4 Ml "''".___.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove ruga, silk portieres.; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or Chain, ii lowest
rates GEO, MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WALLAt'E'H system uf dresscuttlng taught at
419 San Pablo aye.. Oakland. _ j.
Un i lady and gentleman who were on track
No -. Steeplechase, night of January 21.
when Jockey tot hurt, send address to box
1070. call office,
SUPERFLUOUS halt removed; no electricity
or strong medicines: treatment simple and
effective. IMS Butter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
HARMONIC Life Institute has moved to 70S
Sutter si , near Taylor; the Harmonic Vibra-
tor cures, positively removes wrinkles, de-
velops busts; tests free. ■ •
OPERA bangs and switches. We up; this week
only; artistic opera dressing, La Verite Hair-
d retain-* Parlors, 30 Oeary; phone red 3733.
DROP In to the Metropole Club rooms; the
finest In the city. 773 Market St., opposite
the I'helan building.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney nt Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a i_£claity.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms;
260 to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Till: genuine inlstlt. .272 Fifth st.: $30 and DO
suits at your own price; perfect nt guarnt'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
ject ion. urnt d . Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, Kearny.
DR. F YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market St.. rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS. 12^c; 30 porcelain tubs: separate en-
trance for ladles; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50: bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A- Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN & GASSNER. urrlers. formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on . easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMaKKRs.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $s up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free, sittings, $1. 232 Stockton sL _^
MISS E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader;
5".*.3^ Howard St.; ladies, 25c; gents. 50c.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings. 11. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS MENA FRANCIS, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential: satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER, s*) Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; self-cure, $5;
home in confinement: skillful medical atten-
tion; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hrs. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. in.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
M years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particular*;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure: no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly nnd safe treatment guaran-
teed: cure, $'>: by the well-known specialists
and ladi»s" physicians for 37 years; see us.
, DR. POPPER and DBS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases or irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money.
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 10231. Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and sure: cure In
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St., bet. 7th-Sth, tel. Mint 1633.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation ■ free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. — Private home ln confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
-1 crate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others. ■_.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
• est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
1 st.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure: {2 50;
1 expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
LADlES— lnstant relief for monthly troubles
or money back: $5 up. Dr. Wise, 1118 Market.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs. ;
, 154014 Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. WONG him. herb doctor.treats all dis-
. . eases of the human body 115 Mason st.
CAill'ET CLEAM.VG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works -Clean*.
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr7 1
38 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
' — I
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work '
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel Main 301 GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.
; 453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 8S8; lowest rates.
. CARPETS cleaned nt 3c per yard; laid at 3e
I STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
. J E. MITCHELL Carpet cleaning Co.. MO 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard: teL Mission 74.
. CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gat, aye. ; tel. East 126.
! SEWING MACHI .ES.
. $2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
[ ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
T*i PEWRITEHS.
• ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
: " MUSICA^^^STRCMENTS^^
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to in\ estl-
Ale and approve this method; prices are the
Same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
1, good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payment, and some good piano. L'°*\* - $4 and
a. per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and sutler
it™, San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland^
A» ri. UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
in... . gOOd for practice 5 <-
Weber; fine condition 16 i
Sterling; walnut case JBa
Bradford grand upright.............. ...... wo
Easy payment*: guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ 4 BON, 16 O'Farrell st. -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
H 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
aft other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; term* easy: price* lowest; every-
ililiik jioasible -«»* to please and satisfy the
customer, '777
lIORNUNO'I pianos praised by all great ar-
tlets; his touch regulator the wonder or the
.las. please examine, 216 McAllister st.
ATTENTION cash buyers— fine second-hand
upright* In splendid order. $150, $L->. Slhb,
1200 will outwear any cheap and nasty new
piano In the market. BRUENN. 208 Post St.
ji ,'. ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5
Installments. 1115 Post st.
PlANOs'^ccurately tuned and warranted.
S, nd postal card to COOKE. WW Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and Storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.^l7lo Mkt.
BARGAIN In I fine upright piano at room 16.
1021 Van Ness ave.^ ]
NEW pianos, stool and scarf. $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT- CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A UPRIGHTS, $89 up: Installments. $5 75" up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 nils.
W C BADGER 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZT, Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mau_y, __ Post st. _______
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER .v CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SALxJ--MISCELLAXEOUS. .
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
THOROUGHBRED eggs for hatching: Black
Minorca* and Plymouth Rocks. $1 per setting.
2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
BAR outfits, showcases, counters, shelving,
portable offlce, etc.; etc.; selling out cheap.
862 Folsom st.
FOR Sale — Articulated skeleton, French Import,
$20 cash: also a White's manikin. Box 1123,
Call office.
LARGE variety thoroughbred chicken eggs for
hatching; also fowl. KRAUS. 1031 McAllister.
23 TABLECLOTHS for 4 and 6 chair tables;
nearly new. Inquire 349V_ Minna st.
QLENMORE Kennels has nothing but the
best Irish setters. 2041 Linden St.. Oakland.
FOR sale or to lease— Sloop yacht. 38x12. Par-
ticulars from WM. .''RYER, SWA Brannan st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and offlce fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand.
4. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. '
FINE 12-bore Remington shotgun for $30, cost
originally $60, at UNCLE HARRIS*. 15 Grant
aye.
Mercy Mineral Water Co.. Oakland. Cal. ; natural
cure for female complaints, stomach, kidney.
liver.bowel disorders, rheumatism;sampl ;write.
FEMALE canary birds; strong and healthy;
50c and 75c. 3168 Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
GAS and gasoline engines; all sizes and
prices; second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co., 603 Cal. St.
A LAUNDRY plant complete; dryer, boiler, en-
gine, etc. WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
SAFES sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento at.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
portable forge. Call at once 64S Mission st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co. ; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
3, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission St.-
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 619 Mission st. : tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. .'33 M«.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, *■
~ DENTISTS. ■y
BrTt." S.IHIGGINS- Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1: plates
from $5 We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., corner Fourth, room 7, Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday.
8 to 2 p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D..
Manager.
A FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thfn: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50: all
work painlessly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 flrst
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5: crowns. $3: fillings. BOc; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, S Mason St.. corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c: crowns, $3.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch offlce of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~"~
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
. Sixth; telephone South 14. . : **, -
I ANY amount at 6^ per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate ln pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay, R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
TO LEND. SIMS FROM $500 TO $50,000. at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
1 for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
i ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DEVELOP
! AND PERFECT SAME. R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on. diamonds and jew-
elry at tho lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
j BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
j Ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
| ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
i moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
I private party - BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
, $500,000 TO loan sums to suit. 6 and 6V4 per
cent. J. MoCALLAN. Sun of London offlce.
SOS Pine st.
A— WHEN tire,! of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon; private LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages nnd undivided Interests In
.estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $80,000 lowest rates: Ist nnd 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Drvden. 413 Montgomery st.
KINAXCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper ft Kreiger. 312 Ems miner big.
PHYSICIANS.
MRS. DRS, y DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of th* eye treated by herb* _
REMOVAL notice Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. offlce
and residence. 1021->6 Market, bet. «th and 7th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$300— HORSESHOEING shop: good location* »_
departure cause sale. McLaughlin, "77 Mkt! i
$1000— SALOON; old-established business; death
in the family cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st.
$650— SALOON; bargain on account of slckn^s"
McLAUGHLIN, 777 Market st. £ y
CALL and examine our large list of lodging
houses; you will surely find something o
suit. German-American, 34 Kearny st.
$350— A SNAP: well equipped saloon in the Mis-
sion; investigate. German-American, „ t
Kearny st.
$350— WORTH $800; coal yard. hay, grain, oil
route; 150 customers. BASILE, 873% Market.
WANTED— Free-milling gold property: ca*h
buyer. BASILE, 5734 Market st.
TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Ma-.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses. city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks. loans
etc., call on CLARK & CO.. room 509. E*.
. airliner bulldi ig.
LADY or gentleman with $1000 or 12000. will-
ing to make headquarters In Phlladelph'T,
New York or Boston, can acquire one-third
or one-half Interest in a valuable pat°r; :
novel, useful, attractive, the coming "fa.i';
10,000 young ladies or gentlemen can pny
their "outing expenses" with profits of th-ir
personal sales of the articles: genteel busi-
ness; no soliciting. Address "COMING
FAD." box 1111, Call office.
GROCERY and bar, well stocked. Seventeen- *-
and Noe. for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living roorr.«;
lease obtainable: store and inventory open
for inspection. For particulars apply on
premises or to CURTIN A; BEAL'S. room :•(.
3d floor. Mills building.
TO Kenilworth Inn; romantically Bttu- tr-
ated in Mill Valley; 50 minutes rid- from '■
San Francisco: completely furnished; 41
rooms; steam and hot water baths; electric
lights; heaters throughout: elevators, etc.;
rent low. Apply MADISON & BURKE, *..■*
Market st.
$250— RESTAURANT; rent $25; good location.
Partner livery business; cigar stand ta
rent $10. $250— Dining parlor; rent fres.
STEVENSON, K'27-2 Market st.
WANTED— A few good men with $1000 cas*i
each to join In a first-class under* .
business $10,000 a year income to each. Rox
1106 Call office. .
PLUMBING shop for sale very cheap: owr-- r
called away on account of sickness ln fam-
ily. Address H. B. S., box 1097. Call offlce.
$1000 FOR half of well established mfg. busi-
ness: household article; well introduced;
good, honest business-venture. Box 1089. Cail.
$200— SALOON, with furnished rooms; good
location: good trade; low rent: sell cheap;
owner can't attend. 651 Mission st.
$550— PARTNERSHIP in a profitable offlce bus-
iness: open for investigation; no fakers. Rox
1121, Call office.
FOR sole— A well paying hand laundry and
lace and ourtain business; cheap. Box 1132
Call. _
SALOON; central location; good business; will
sell as a whole or half. Inquire c a ii office.
$1000— COSMOPOLITAN Hotel business; Peta-
luma, Cal.; 44 rooms; well furnished, and bar.
HAVE big-drawing novelty for side show; want
partner, small capital. Box 1131. Call office.
BRANCH bakery: delicacies, candles;
sunny rooms; going East. Box 1113, Call.
WANT to buy a good chicken ranch, near
city or San Jose. Box 1098, Call office.
FINE fruit ?nd notion business in large coun-
try town: cheap. Call 825 Filbert st.
FOR sale or exchange— Good paying country
hotel. Box 666, Petaluma, Cal. ,
FOR sale -Dry goods business. Address P. O. . p
box 112, Benicia, Cal
MILK depot cheap; ill-health cause of sale.
524 Third st-
; CHEAP branch bakery and dairy store; 4
rooms. Apply 707 Devlsadero st.
SHOE shop that will pay $•"> 50 per day; no
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
and good will. 340 Third st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, jewels. »
silver, pianos, guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SALOON and restaurant, with 14 furnished
rooms; city front; rent $25. Apply Call.
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3 p.
m., or at 636 Third st.
$150— LIGHT manufacturing business: clears
$100 per month. Box 1093. Call office.
SALOON, good paying, business quarter. Ap-
ply book store, cor. Clay and Montgomery.
CIGAR store; pays well; good location: cheap
for cash: ill-health of owner. E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway, Oakland.
DR. F. P. MI'FFE'S
OFFICE, PRACTICE. HOSPITAL, ETC.,
FOR SALE.
For particulars inquire at the offlce. 425
Kearny St., between 10 and 12 a. m.
PARTNER wanted with some capital in dyeing
and cleaning work. Box 1031. Call offlce.
$450— RESTAURANT: worth $1000; selling on
account of death In family: receipts $30 per
day: located In 200-room hotel; owner going
to Europe; no agents. Call 933 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale.
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
RESTAURANT for sale: near Postoffice. 105
Seventh St.. near Mission.
FOR Sale— First-class bakery; all store trad*;
in good location: on .account of ill-health.
.Box 1029. Call offlce.
RESTAURANT. Sixth St.; established 10 years;
good business; $600. Apply Call offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. J
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento it. '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
i
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22% GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c. 15c. 20c; clears $300 $5000
65 rooms; best on Fourth st.; half cash.. 2400
49 rooms; Geary St.; will pay for Itself... 1600
28 rooms; housekeeping: clears $100 800
16 rooms; Post st.; all full; cheap rent... 850
9 rooms; new and clean: clears $25 300
6-room flat: Geary st. elegant house — *00
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
25 rooms; rent $50; Sixth St.; snap $850
24 rooms; rent $35; pick-up 6 i
18 rooms; rent $50; near Market st. ; only.. 3.vi
38 rooms; corner; one floor; bargain 1050
FOR sale or exchange at a bargain: lodging
house, 68 rooms: best locality In city; take
cash city or Alameda property. Landlord,
box 1110, Call offlce. . ;
40- ROOM lodging house: good location; owner
has run It for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business; a bargain; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third .st.
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
TURK, 127—17 rooms, all rented, for sale cheap;
party going East.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice.. V
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24 _f
teachers day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francalse." will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only: graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who joins
class becomes member of the library, ror
terms apply at French Library, City of Paris
bldg.. Geary and Stockton. 3 to 4, 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping : rapidity at figures by noUd>« e**g»"
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6_Parrott blag.
AYRES' Business College. 723 M »*" il_ V
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. telegra pßT.
penmanship, English tranche*, eta. me
scholarship. $50; low rates wee* am m _
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters teachers;
ffiUSSaßffiSS. B°USiSeS_ COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st. _
ENGINEERING g»^^^2 5£
est ' I^64 eCh vlN^lg_j__EN. 933 Market.
DANCING U«^^^ st.. St^V --owen*
*or class. IP\ 1- "T_*___r— —- - —
- .. ". <_.. »,^ tet good teacher. Prof. L.
N Meria vgtgj manlollnf guiur. 1008 Mission.
;.;-., -E- <!=.« horn Di pcs! flings. fancy skirt
S^n G cFngVo^ *°* ""' C »" ° fflCC '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
7^vv7oF~free: R. VV. King, att'y-at-law; 6th
floor Chronicle building: no advance charges;
««ni'es m't'gages. damages, attachment-.
JSnlcru-otcy. all cases: wills, contracts, etc..
draw™ moderate fees; call or write.
_ TWICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS.
14 McAllister st.. near Hibernia Bank.
Im* ICE - free; divorce law a specialty; private;
I nn fee without success; collections. G. T\ l
HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stock*
7~"a CLARK-Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees ln advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.CITY HEAL ESTATE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST. j
A FINE CORNER ON MARKET ST.
$4u,0-3o— Improvements of little value; large
lot fronts on 3 streets; this is a very cheap
property, as the owner is a non-resident and is
anx:ou_ to sell; price very cheap.
. [NESS CORNER NEAR MARKET ST.
$;.o,oji3— Stores and flats; about half of lot va-
— •'. present rents SIC 6 per month; 100x75.
RKET-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$25,200— T0 close an estate; improvements and
lot 38:11x125 to rear street; this is a bargain;
must be sold.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.
■ $20,000— Business section; 2 stores and 4 flats;
•rents $1740 per annum; 43:9x137:6.
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$15,00.3 — Pine st.: elegant mansion of 12 rooms
an ; bath, etc.; 55x137:6.
SIX FINE FLATS.
$15,000— Rents $1564 per annum; 6 fine modern
flats on Oak st. ; 50x137:6.
FOUR MODERN FLATS.
$14.500— Rents $1320 per annum; 4 elegant mod-
ern fiats and lot 50x100.
> .y .. ■■■ , ■ ______
BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR NINTH AND
MARKET STS.
$11.000— Lot 26x1.0, with an L 20x39; 2 front-
ages.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$11,000— A great bargain; substantial Improve-
ments: could be enlarged to good advantage;
. 25x85; not far from Fifth st.
RTH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$Ssoo— To close an estate; improvements and
lot 25x85; rents $7.0 per annum.
A VERY FINE CORNER LOT.
$8.-00— Corner on Devlsadero St.; S2:6xll0; j
splendid location for stores and flats.
THIS I? A BARGAIN. ..
-Price reduced; corner Investment on '
Folsom St., within 3 blocks of Third, Market
and Kearny sts.; 3 substantial modern (tats of
. 7. 7 and 6 rooms and hath each* cw«t SIS ono *ft !
build; rents $972 per annum; 25x100; must ba
Bold.
BARGAIN IN AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
-Pacific Heights; elite location; modern
residence on Washington St.; 26x127:8^ feet.
A REAL WESTERN ADDITION BARGAIN.
$6650 — 3 elegant modern flats in gqod condi-
tion of S. 6 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$5?0 per annum; 25x30; Webster st. ; nice loca-
tion.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$5125 Sacramento St.; an elegant modern j
residence of S rooms and bath, finished base- I
ment, etc.; fine gurden; 26x103.
A GOOD INVESTMENT ON SECOND ST.
$3500— Rents $3:-6 per annum; 2 bay-window j
fiats brick foundation and lot.
RICHMOND COTTAGE FORECLOSURE.
$2250 — Cozy modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc., and lot; easy terms can be ar- I
ranged.
A VERY CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$2050 — Nice modern 2-story residence of S :
rooms and bath; 25x115; north line of street:
handy to several lines of cars; nice garden; j
this ls a -gain. 1
A VERY GOOD CORNER FOR GROCERY,
$2000 — A very cheap corner in the Mission:
store and living rooms; 25x10-3: this ls a real i
bargain; good opportunity for the right man.
23 CHOICE MISSION BUILDING LOTS- !
VERY CHEAP.
$900 and upward— Comers SISOO and $2000; Noe,
Henry and Fourteenth sts.; 1 block from Mar-
k*t st.; Noe tt. accepted by the city: other
streets sewered and macadamized: 25s ' sm'
25x103; corners '.'7:6x105; level, on grade and
ready for building; offered at very low price,,
and they are so nicely located are selling
rapidly.
Call -md obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
tords, which contains a list of properties for
Eale ln all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
$1400— SACRAMENTO St.; 25x132:7H: street ac-
cepted by the city. G. H. UMBgEN & CO.*.
. 14 Montgomery st.
A VERY CHEAP LOT
$S0O — 26x74; Railroad aye.: business location;
this is a bargain. "G. H. UMBSEN & CO., i
It Montgomery st.
■
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE.
Real Estate Agents, Rent Collectors and
Insurance Brokers. .
13S Montgomery st.
$2750— PlToe s;.. near Ellis; 2-story house, 7 :
rooms and bath; stable; lot 25x90.
£2500 — Pixth-st. lot. 25x55: round rental $25
per morrtfi; this Is a bargain.
$."'X<>— Want en offer; 3 flats, 5 rooms and
bath each; rents $43 per month; lot 25x97:6;
Shotwell st.
J4750— Folsom st., near Second: fine 3-story (
house. 12 rooms and bath; could be converted
tinto 3 flats at small outlay and would pay big
money: lot 25x80.
$16,00-3— Pacific Heights elegant residence; i
contain- 12 rooms and bath; parlor floor inlaid j
hard wood; lot 33:6x100; this offer is a sacrifice.
$2500— Near Seventeenth. .'astro and Market |
sts.; cottage of 5 rooms; good stable; lot 49x
125; cheap. ~ •' •"-'
$1250— Within 2 blocks of Twenty-ninth and
Mission sts.; nice cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
lot 25x70; must be sold.
$ISso— Near Steiner and O'Farrell sts.; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22x70.
$2750— Corner on Fifteenth st.; 1 block from
car line: 5 rooms and lot 75x65.
SGOOO— 3 fine flats, 5 rooms and bath each; rents
$54; Filbert St. „ ;■", -' '
$3150— Want an offer; corner on Golden Gate
aye.; 32:6x100; building arranged ln store and 2
j ooms; rent $25.
j4C;,j_2 flats, 5 and 6 rooms; rents $38; Steiner
St., near Eddy; lot 25x90.
$IS5(^-Near Geary st. ; new cottage. 6 rooms
end bath; lot 25x120; easy terms if desired.
$6000— Cheapest lot In this section; Vallejo St..
near Scott; north side; unobstructed marine
view- 75x1 or will sell in lots 25x100 each.
Corner on Eddy St.; fin* location for
grocer; note size. 32:6x75; all street work done
and sidewalk laid.
. $2000— Lot 25x137:6 on Oak St., fronting Pan-
V a *-, "J ] *•
$950— Nice building lot, short distance from
Haight anl Devlsadero sts.; 2: y-,., ,
$1700— St.; lot 24x100; splendid location
jisr.o— Church st., near Market: lot 24x125.
J3750 Flr.e 2-story bouse, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 25x100; well located on Polk st.
$IKo— Near Haight and Fillmore sts.; cottage, |
4 rooms. •mil
$4850— Bargain; Washington St., near Fill-
more; sunny side; comfortable 6-room house;
$1850— Leavenworth st.; 5 rooms; lot 20x60.
A HOME STORY IN A FEW WORDS.
Pay rent during the next five or seven years,
and your total Investment will bring you what?
* Pav'fo'r a home on monthly Installments dur-
ing the same years. and your total investment
will bring you what? A HOME all paid for.
It will only cost you exactly the same rent
money you would have been paying your land-
lord but it has given you a deed to the home
that will always be your own. Buy a home of
us on easy terms. Three new cottages ready
for inspection on the Heyman Tract. Take
2'd-st electric cars to terminus, and there ask
for James A. Cotter, our builder, who will
show the cottages to you.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 19 Montgomery St..
owners and builders.
. HEALTH RESORT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
You need not X i to Santa Cruz to enjoy the
sea breeze: you can have lt right here at the
lovely ocean beach, within 20 minutes' ride of
the city and near the pleasure ground of Sutro
Heights, at a great deal less cost; come to
us and we will locate- you in a comfortable
• cottage, which you can buy or rent at $5 and
$7 50 per month: water furnished to each cot-
tage. Branch offlce now at J st. and Boule-
vard, where Mrs. ledgers, our agent, will
- be daily from 2 to 4 p. m. Ten -families have
already settled in this locality called Sunset
D JACOB HEYMAN ft SON, Owners and
Builders, 19 Montgomery st.
$100— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park In
block 828 close to block 726; $10 down and
$2 50 per month. JACOB HEYMAN & SON.
• 19 Montgomery st.
♦loo— LOTS south of Golden Gate Park, in block
opposite block 726. JACOB HEYMAN &
SON. IS Montgomery st.
$10 MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
• trie cars.
- 1250— Lots on Twenty-ninth St., near Diamond
and Glen Park; $3 n^'y_.' ns A t^ lme S^ lots
2Lxl'4 each. JACOB HEYMAN & SON,
_-„i. i eacn. Montgomery st.
UCO-LOTS In Colmn, on the electric road; easy
• termsY JACOB HEY MA X. 19 Montgomery st.
SOL CETZ * BROTHER. rmtMWt-fl
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDINO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $200. ONLY "S2OO! INSTALLMENTS!
BEST AN!) CHEAPEST LOTS NEAR
--„^ BOULEVARD AND DLA',.II!
NEW BLOCKS FINE CLIMATE. SUPERB
VIEW. : '7y':
$500 to $800-Beautlful Sunset Heights lots:
beet home tea in the city; only $25 down. $5
monthly.
Special bargains In Richmond lota— to
• » so °; ready to build on.
$100 to $300— Lots "near Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down,. $5 monthly.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., "near H st.
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER,
v ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
— " _- 1 :
CITY REAL ESTATE.
j BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$10.500— Fine Investment near Market and Va-
lencia; corner lot, 52:6x85; splendid improve-
ments; all rented: mortgage, $6000, can remain.
PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$3250— Clementina sL, near Fourth; 2 2-story
houses; store and flats; rent $39; mortgage of
$2iLt an remain.
BUSINESS CORNER,
$3600— Church and Clipper; 2-story building;
store and flat; lot 30x100.
A HOME AT THE MISSION.
$200 CASH, $20 MONTHLY.
$1900— Twenty-sixth st.. near Castro: nice bay-
window cottare; tains 5 rooms an. bath;
this property ls cheap at $2500.
$3500— $800 cash, balance same as rent; Lake
st., near Ninth aye.: lot 30x72, backing up to
Presidio Park; new houte'of 7 rooms and bath
and basement.
$22,000— An offer wanted; Drumm-st. corner,
within 1 block of Market st. ; old improvements;
would pay well if properly Improved.
$4550— 124 Beulah St., close to Golden Gate
1 Park, bet. Waller and Frederick; lot 25x137:6,
with brand-new 2-story bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished basement;
street accepted; open Sunday.
GREAT BARGAIN.
$2300— Handsome new bay-window cottage, 6
rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x120; Fourteenth aye.,
near Clement St.; facing proposed drive con-
necting the Park with the Presidio.
$.°CHX>— Clay St., near Battery; 3-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70.
$3250— Fine business corner on Seventeenth St.;
new corner building, containing store and flat
of 5 rooms above; also new building containing
2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents $74; all
rented; this property Is a fine investment.
$12,000— Rent $102; Hayes st., near Baker; lot
50x187:6; 5 flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; all
rented.
$6500— 1315 Mas. St., near Jackson: lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 rooms and
. bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
j horses.
$S7so— Rent $87: Folsom-st. corner: 5 tenants:
I lot 25x112:6; a splendid interest-paying property.
$7250—2 fine ban.!.- new fiats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath: I est portion of Devisadero st. ;
' rent $C 2 GO; lot 25x100.
$400 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
' $4000 — New corner residence; Dolores St.; con-
i tains 7 large sunny rooms; latest sanitary
plumbing; large lot, 33x100; portion of lot va-
cant and plenty of room for another building.
$500 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$5000 — Fine new residence. 8 rooms; hardwood
floors: beautifully decorated rooms; latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole st.,
near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$3500 — Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom; lot 25x
SO; ground rent $20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
park lots::: park lots: .!
selling like hot cakes.
Take a car to-day and see the improvements
; g-!n_ on in Sunset District, Note the large
amount of street work being done. See the
homes being built, etc. Sunset is the most
j thriving and progressive section of the City,
and Is a splendid place to invest in lots.
Lots facins on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
) Eleventh ayes., at prices ranging from $200
upward.
TERMS $25 -CASH,
$5 MONTHLY.
I Take the Haight or Ellls-st. cars and transfer
i to the electric road which runs to the Cliff
. House, get off at H st. and Ninth aye. We
j have a branch offlce there. Always open, Sun-
i days included. ', : ,
! BALDWIN & HOWELL,
| 10 Montgomery st.
I A SPLENDID HOME IN BEAUTIFUL
SANTA ROSA.
| $10.000— For sale or exchange, about 4 acres,
v.-:;i-,in 2 blocks of business center; fronting 195
feet on the best residence street; Improve-
I ments consist of a handsome residence contain-
ing 12 large rooms, etc.; cost $15,000 to build;
beautiful lawn, shrubbery, etc.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
I O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
50x160 to rear St.— Mission St.. near Fourth;
I rents $146 50; $26,000.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington St.;
brick improvements; rents $190.
38x120 to rear St.— Ellis st., near Jones; 11-
-room house; rent $65.
27 :*5xS7:6— California st.. near Larkin; 2 flats;
rents $66 50: always rented.
47:6x137:6— St.. north of Golden Gate
aye.; residence, stable, grounds, etc.
137:6x137:6— Corner of Leavenworth and Green-
wich Bts. ; 10 rooms and bath; rents $30; $12,000.
20x57:6— Corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
and lodging-house; rents $85; $9000.
50x75— Clementina St., near Fifth; 2 houses;
I rents $71; $S5OO. 1 : l
27:6x120— With improvements; on Linden aye.;
Haves St., near Laguna; $6500.
• Fourth st., near Harrison; store and
flat; $6800; sale urgent. •
20x57 :6— Lewis place, nr. Taylor and Post sts.;
. 3 bay-window Sal rents $59; $6000: make offer.
25x*60— Commercial st., near Front; brick j
I building; $6000. £."' .
61x117—6 modern flats; rents $110; sunny and
; fashionable; Mission ]r>elt.
2Kx7"— Corner Eighteenth and Colllngwood
sts.: store and flats; $7000. -
25x55 — Nineteenth, near Valencia; 2-story |
house of 8 rooms and bath: $5000.
24-3x69:9— Green st.. near Powell; new mod-
ern bay-window flats; rents $*'*- ; $4500.
25x87:6— Twenty-fourth St., near Guerrero; 5-
: room house: $4000. ,__,_.
-Green, near Hyde: modern double flats. :
20x76*6— Vallejo St., near Powell; $4000. - :v-
-25x122:6 —Shotwell St.. near Twenty-fourth; 2 ,
25x75— Shipley st., near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
$35; $3500. -'- '■■' „ „ I
25x114:6— Twenty-second st., near Guerrero, _-
story house: $2900. , *
''6 *9x76 Corner Boardman place and Fargo
place; store and flat; rents $22; $2200
24 :6Ux90— Twenty-sixth St., near Harrison,
cottage; $2100. _
b ' UNIMPROVED.
Kox7llo— SE. comer Polk and Lombard.
23x115— Sctjtt, near Washington.
■-■-Thirteenth, near Stevenson: 2 lots
25x100— Valencia, between 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
26x95— Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Jessie.
25x110— Noe, near Ford; $1500.
GOxlSS— Comer B st. and Twenty-fifth aye.; In
one or more lots. near Dolores; $1000.
25-Bxll-— Twenty-sifhth, near Dolores; $1000.
25x90— Twenty-fourth st., near Douglass; $550. i
Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap. :
HAVE YOU MONEY TO INVEST?
Then Come to Our New O.fice.
A M SPECK & CO., 607 Market, cor. Third.
Elegant Accommodations. Good Investments.
B $60,000.
Comer 60x109 feet on Van Ness aye.; im- |
proVed ' 40.000.
Grand comer: B6xBT:fi feet; near O'Farrell and :
Mason Fts.; can guarantee 8 per cent net If j
improved. $110,000.
Grand corner on Ellis St.; rents $600; lot 55x
120 feet; 3 fronts.
$80,000. '
Grand 6-story investment; vicinity of- Sixth |
and Market sts. ; rents $500.
$10,
i Comer 52x?0 feet, with 8 flats; rents $115; 1
block from Market st y
$20, 000.
Grand comer on Mission St.; 120x115 feet; 3
fronts; well Improved; rents $2000.
$21,000.
40 feet, comer Golden Gate aye.; pays 7 per
cent net; good Improvements.
Corner 62:6x100 feet; Haight and Broderick;
barßaln * $9500.
Comer: 40- foot front; Hayes Valley; new Im-
provements; rents $90: fine sightly location.
$16,000.
8 elegant flats; rents $1600; 977 Post st.
6 $4800.
5 brand new flats: rented $52; select location.
$3500.
10-room house on Pine St., near Devlsadero;
a big bargain. g£*
$2?r,0.
Two new flats, vicinity Sixteenth St.; rents
$30.
* $900.
5-acre poultry ranch near Haywards.
$2000.
30-acre poultry ranch;. near San Rafael house,
barn. etc. $1250. _„
$128*'.
Two good flats near Broadway and Mason
Cither bargains. Call and see us in our new
home. 067 Market x*. £ spECK &CQ
667 Market st.
SUTTER-ST. bargain; house and _ lot. 27:6 x
137 near Octavia st. A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery St.
A— s6soo: Ashbury, near Waller; fine residence
lot 25x166:3, to Tremont aye.; 2 frontages.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
FULTON, near Scott, facing Alamo square;
fine large residence: lot 30x137:6. A. J. RICH
& CO., 112 Montgomery st. -Vi
BUSH-BT. residence; modern improvements;
near Webster st.; lot 27x100; must be sold.
A. J. RICH & CO., U- Montgomery st.
POST-ST. residence, bet. Van Ness aye. and
Franklin St.; lot 27:6x137:6. A. J. RICH &
CO., 112 Montgomery st.
BUSH St.; elegant new flats; rent .$7O per
month: a bargain. A. J. RICH & CO.. U2
Montgomery st. '
$11,000; new 3-story flats; Eddy st. ; every
modern Improvement; rents $960 per annum.
A. J. RICH & CO.. 112 Montgomery st. •
PINE St., near Taylor; choice Investment; $500
cash; balance on easy terms. A. J. RICH &
CO., 112 Montgomery st.
$2400—824 Elizabeth st.: house of 5 rooms and
bath; flne large basement; $200 cash; monthly
installments.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st. -:*;/
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114
feet
$2800— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 50x
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Paclflc aye.,
near Webster; lot 80xl27:8«4 feet.
, In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms. yyyyyyi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM., SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
CITY' KEAL ESTATE.
$4000— FILLMORE St., near Bush: lot 23x100;
cost $6000; must be sold; business- property.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
A— sl3,ooo; RENTS $118 per month; Post St.,
near Larkin; 3 new, modern flats of 9 rooms '
and bath each; never vacant; choice location.-
O. D. BALDWIN <«i. SON,
22 Montgomery street.
$6000; COST $20,000; must be sold; the Mos-
grove mansion.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
$10,000; FINE Pacific Heights residence; un-
obstructed marine view; sunny side of street;
modern house of 10 rooms; finished in natural
wood, hard-wood floors, etc.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery street. :
$6500; BUSINESS corner, 34xSl; rents $65 per
month to 1 tenant; under lease; store below
and flat above. O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
A— s7so; CHEAP lot; east side of Eighth aye.,
near Clement st. ; 25x120.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
A— s6ooo; SACRIFICE; handsome residence on
Presidio Heights; 12 rooms and all modern
Improvements; choice location; close to cars;
street accepted; $5003 can remain on mortgage.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
A— $18,000; RENTS $ISOO per annum; 6 beauti-
ful flats on Howard St., near Twenty-second;
building alone cost $20,000; pays 10 per cent.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
A— sssoo; RENTS $60; 3-story building, NE.
corner on Seventh st-, near Folsom; a great
future; only 2 blocks from Postoffice.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
: A— s2o,ooo; RENTS $175 per month; gore comer
on Montgomery aye., running through to
Washington st. ; good brick buildings, 61 feet
on gore by 160 feet deep.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
$3600; RENTS $40; Caroline St., near Folsom;
27x85; 4 flats of 5 rooms each.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
O. D. BALDWIN & BON,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
22 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$800— Stanyan St., above the park; 25x100.
Castro et., near Twenty-second; 3 lots,
25x100 each; cable cars.
$SOO each— St.. near Noe; lots 25x100 each;
street work all complete.
$400— Fifteenth aye., near Kentucky St.; 75x
100.
$225— Nice lot ln Richmond; 25x100.
$150 each— Four nice lots ln Richmond, 25x120
each; pick them up.
$60 Fifteen lets; Thirty-sixth aye. and
M st.
$3." each— Forty lots, south of the park; must
! be sold as a whole.
A FEW BARGAINS IN LOTS— LOCA-
-. TIONS.
$1350— Maple St., near Clay: accepted.
$1500— Key lot; Clay St., near Maple; marine
• view.
$2000— side of Clay St., near Maple; fine
• marine view.
$1400 each— Clayton St.. near Frederick; 25x101
j each, or any size.
11600 each— Masonic aye.. near Frederick St.;
25x119 each.
$11,000— RENTS $95 per month; 3 elegant bay-
window brand-new flats of 7 rooms and porce-
lain bath each; best location in Western Ad-
dition. O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
810 PAYING INVESTMENT.
$30.000— Large comer, 87:6x137:6, in best part of
Western Addition; Improvements in
first-class condition; rents low at $225;
don't fall to see this.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$6,Boo— Two modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and (
bath: near Eddy and Buchanan sts.; !
always rented: lot 23x87:6.
TURK ST. FLATS.
, $6,500— nice flats, with stable, etc.; always
rented; street bitumlnlzed; cement side-
walk; near Buchanan St.; lot 25x120 to i
Lauiel aye.
MAKE OFFER.
Large house of 8 rooms and bath; on
California st , near Pierce; street bi-
tumlnlzed; cement sidewalk; California. |
Sacramento and Fillmore-st. cars; must l
be sold; lot 1 137:6.
('AST!'.. »-ST. RESIDENCE.
$4,300— Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
on Castro st. modern In detail; lot 25x
125; terms $50 cash, balance $30 per !
month.
RARE INVESTMENT.
Pays 1 per cent per month: only $500 re-
quired, balance easy; a few blocks from
Market and Fourth sts.; large house;
arranged to accommodate 3 tenements;
In Al condition; Just remodeled; don't
fail to see this. v. :;=•■
TWENTY-SEVENTH-ST. COTTAGE.
— Nice cottage of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment: on Twenty-seventh St.: in good
condition; street work all done; must be |
sold; lot 25x114.
NINTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$1,250— Cottage of 4 rooms and 2-Story house of
6 rooms In rear: off Ninth st. : rent $15;
mortgage of $800 can remain; lot 22:6x75.
CHEAP LOTS.
$ISo— Richmond building lots, on Eighteenth
aye.. must be sold; former price $400.
We are preparing our monthly cata-
logue for our April auction sale. For
particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGR & CO..
638 Market st.
__ _
PRICE $9500. RENTS $100.
A good 16-room house on Bush St.. near |
' Powell; splendid lot, 27:0x137:6; pays well and !
: Is a safe Investment.
A FINE CORNER
j In Western Addition for a druggist, grocery- I
| man or saloon; fine new modern 2-story build- ,
! ing, with beautiful flat above; rents $85; price
I reduced to $9000; a grand bargain.
37 0N 75 FEET,
' With 9-room house and bath, on side street not '
i far from Market; must be sold; reduced to $2950. J
SEVENTH ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
Store and 3 rooms below, 8 rooms above; lot ;
25x75; rents $50; price $5000.
CHEAP MISSION COTTAGE.
i Good cottage of 6 rooms on Nineteenth, near :
] Guerrero sts.; lot 25x114; street bitumlnlzed; !
I stable in rear; only $2500.
IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
A splendid lot 42:6x107, with marine view;
I owner leaves town and lot must be sold; re-
! duced from $5000 to $4400; a rare chance to se-
cure a lot In this favored location.
RENTS $38. PRICE $3000.
6 fists south of Market St.; lot 25x100; prop- i
erty all rented; old tenants; this property must j
be sold; will shade this cheap price.
SEND FOR OUR LIST
Of Panhandle and Alamo Square lots, also Pa-
cific and Presidio Heights.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery' St., San Francisco.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. Real Estate and Insur-
ance, 118 Montgomery st.
IMPROVED.
$29,000— Mission st., near Sixth; stores and
lodging house; 20x80.
O'Farrell St., near Powell; 25x80; with good
improvements.
$35,000— Two corners. Post and Jones; 70x60;
choice locality for stores and lodgings.
Howard st., near Fourth; stores and room-
ing house: nearly new and well rented.
$5500— Howard st. flats; 6 and 7 rooms; rents
$40 $3500 on mortgage at 7 per cent; 25x115.
road way, near Gough; house of 6
rooms,^bath; 25x130; lot worth the price.
$5500— 53500 can remain on mortgage; 60x104;
3 flats on rear; fronting on Florida; corner
Twenty-second and Florida.
$2600— cottage, 5 rooms, bath;. 25xS0;
mortgage of $1500 will be obtained.
$2100— Gilbert st., near Brannan; front and
rear house; rents $28.
Reduced to $1350; lot 30x95, with house of 3
rooms; street work done.
LOTS.
> $9500— Howard and Eighteenth: 60x30.
$6000— Mission, near Twenty-first ; 33x122:6.
$3000— down; 2 flats, 5 rooms, bath, each;
26x100. „
$1000— 7-room cottage; Sears St.. Ocean View;
lot 25x100.
$2750— F0r 54 lots In South San Francisco.
$2250— Twenty-fourth, near Alabama; 25x100.
$2000— Church, near Twentieth; 57x105.
$1100— Harrison, near Twenty-first: 25x122:6.
$1000— Twenty-second, near Alabama; 25x80.
Twenty-third, near Castro; 25x114.
$250 cash: balance of $500 at 7 per cent; build-
ing lot; Second aye., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$750— Twelfth aye.. near I: 25x120. ;.
$1000— ONLY $250 cash, balance $10 . a month;
city poultry -farm: new double bay-window
house; brick foundation; nice stable, chicken
house and city water; an absolute sacrifice.
p. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery at., room 7. •
$450— LOT 75x200. running from 12th to 13th
ayes.. South San Francisco, -within 600 feet of
public school; 2V_ blocks from Third st. elec-
tric cars: title Insured. F. A. McNALLY &
CO.'. 19 Montgomery st. ■ -;>y.
4-ROOM cottage In the Potrero, $950; easy
terms. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
BARGAIN — 2-story modern house; perfect
order; $2500; terms. GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11
Montgomery st.
FOR sale, cheap: $-room cottage, with stable
and basement; near car line; street work I
done. H. GEORGE. 533 California st. ,
, , — MISSION COTTAGES — -
Four. 5. 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
■Ide of Twentieth' St.. between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance' monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder. J
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real •Estate Agents,
Established ISSS. : 626 Market st. ,
Stockton St., first block from Market st., fins
j piece of business property at a bargain. .
Must be sold— Two flne flats •on Hayes St.,
■ near Buchanan; lot 27:fixtt0 to rear street; rents
very low, $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and .
bath; lot 23x137:6. v^yy
$5250— Gough St., near Fulton; U rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
; order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$5000— Three Cats; Twenty-first st., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 23x90.
O'Farrell St., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114. .
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; a rooms and stable; 25x114.
Webster st, near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$900— Ripley St., near Harrison; 25x75; 7-room
house.
$1500— Near Sixteenth and Church sts. ; cottage
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70. r.-yyl
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY. .
$20,000— Pacific aye.. southwest corner Octavia
St.; 50x127:8.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts.; 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent. --. '
$5200— Oak St., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 50x137:6.
Church st., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
per lot.
California, near Broderick; 24:9x82:8.
I $3500— Bryant, near Twenty-flfth; 62x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1600— Filbert, corner Buchanan; 25x90.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$900— Twenty-first St., between Diamond and
Eureka; 25x97:6.
$800— Jersey St.. near Noe; 25x114. .
Twentieth st., corner Douglass; 30x110.
California St., near Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
$800— Tremont aye., near Frederick St.; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market sL
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$25.000— Rent $186; fine business proposition
on Larkin st. ; best portion of it: large lot. 2
stores and 8 flats of 6 and 4 rooms each.
$10,000— An excellent investment; 3 fine 2-
story bay-window houses on Haight St., near
Webster; lot 55x137:6: rent $75; brick founda-
tion; garden walks bitumlnlzed.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest
corner, 65x100 feet; Improvements 3 stores and
3 flats above and 2 cottages, all rented; $38,000
was offered for It and refused 4 years ago;
there Is a fortune in this property.
$20,000— Mission st.. near Sixth; lot 45x80
feet, with two 10-room houses, which should
be raised and stores put under to make It one
of the best-paying properties.
$5250— Fine dwelling in Western Addition.
$28,500— Rent $2710 per annum; a splendid
business corner in Western Addition.
$3750— $30; business property; store and
flats.
$4250— Fine Park Panhandle cottage; 6 ele-
gant rooms; lot 25x110 feet.
VALENCIA st., between 22d and 23d. through
to San Jose aye.. which is 65 feet wide; lota
any size; $135 per front foot.
San Jose aye.. between 24th and 25th to rear
street; lot 65x90; $4000.
Fifth st. corner; well rented; price $18,000;
rents $140 per month; make offer.
Vallejo St., near Baker; 51:6tx137; price $2750.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$2200— ELEGANT nearly new, 6 rooms and
bath; lot 25x120; near Clement St. and Fifth
j ay".. Richmond: a snap.
$2000— Modern 6-room cottage, nearly new; on
Ashbury Heights; must sell. -.;..'....
$.600— Pine St.; S rooms and bath; lot alone
; worth the money.
J. W. WRIGHT & CO., 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best property ln San Fran-
cisco.
$400—3 lots: n. s. Lobos St., near cars.
Six lots on Sagamore st., $100 each: near cars.
Cottages for rent from $8 to $10 per month.
Fares to all parts of city only sc.
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
$3000— MODERN bay-window cottage contain-
ing fa rooms and bath; flne basement; garden
front and rear; fine view; in the best part
of the Mission near car line. ENGLISH &
MORRISSEY, 630 Market st.
$10,250— BUSINESS property cor. Scott and Oak
sts.; 3 stores ami stable for 5 horses: im-
provements new; also flne cellar: 40x81: well
rented: great bargain. L. OESTERREICHER,
11 Montgomery st.
UNIMPROVED East Oakland. Mission and
south of Park lots: also 160, 240 and 640 acres
of land In San Luis Obispo and Santa Bar-
bara counties; for sale or exchange for Im-
proved property or paying business. Address
box 1135, Call office.
$6000_TWO elegant flats; 2229 and 2231 Fifteenth
, St.. bet. Noe and Castro: 6 and 7 rooms; base-
I ment partly finished; large stable; owner lives
In lower flat.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; 9-foot base-
ment; large garden; lot 25x120. 29 Belvedere.
$293—25x100; Nebraska st., bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth; $40 cash, balance $8 per month.
j $10,500 WANTED on business property from
' private parties. Address box 1134. Call offlce.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
SPLENDID stock range for sale; an absolute
bargain; $2 50 per acre: 8000 acres on south
fork of Eel River, In Mendocino County; lota
of warm winter range; abundance water;
j creeks and ever-flowing springs; all Inclosed
with wire cable picket (18 miles) and natural
fencing; several fields and pastures; 160 acres
in cultivation: buildings, corrals and family
orchards; title perfect. Address W. M.
PEERY, Ukiah. Cal.
i ORANGE ORCHARD
FOR SALE.
15 acres; 10 In young, bearing trees, navel
variety; 1 mile from Oroville: ln warm belt;
■ price $3300; part cash if desired; 10-acre orchard
i near tlds yielded last year $3400. Apply to
JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate Agent, 420 Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco. Cal.
j $1300—80 ACRES near Martinez. 30 acres ln
i grain. Good buildings. $25 per acre In lots
I of from 5 acres upward. Fine level land, no
better for alfalfa, corn or fruit. Plenty of
water for Irrigation. Round fare to see the
; land. W)c. GAMAN & LYON. 215 Kearny St.
' BEST built corner cottage ln Mill Valley: lot
73x110; cheap; 5 rooms, bath, stable, gardens,
oak and fruit trees. Particulars at 2719 Byr-
ant aye.. between 25th and 26th sts., city.
LAKE County: no drought known; land will
never be so low again; Invest now. Write to
C. H. BOLLBB, Kelseyvllle, CaL
FOR sale or rent Chicken ranch: suburban
home; cheap. T. ABRAMS, box 174, Peta-
luma, Cah -
TEHAMA County: 80 acres, partly fenced; good
water. Apply at 403 Bryant St.
MARIN Co., 26 miles from 8. F.— to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
, proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rati
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor Mills bdlg.. S. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 802 California St., S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
TO EXCHANGE.
$5000— HIGHLY Improved 9-room dwelling In
best resident part of Ukiah City; large lot:
good barn; beautiful lawn; flowers, shade and
ornamental trees: to exchange for Improved
ranch in San Joaquin or Sacramento Val-
leys. Address W. M. PEERY, Ukiah, Cal.
OWNING a good gold gravel mine in Nevada
County and unable to work same. I will ex-
change for town property or small ranch;
coast county preferred: no agents. P. O.
box 298, Nevada City, Cal.
EXCHANGE— Fine new 6-room and bath house,
10 minutes' walk to local, $3000. for small
ranch: bay counties. WM. P. TODD & CO..
1050 Broadway. Oakland.
GOOD property to exchange for a hotel. J. H.
EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— for cash, ranch direct from
owner; 20 acres up; If you want attention
state price and full particulars. Box 1102,
Call office.
_ ___ LOST.
$5 REWARD— WiII the lady with the sealskin
cloak who received a cape with diver skins
by mistake at Ellis and Taylor sts. about 12
o'clock Friday evening please return to owner
and receive above reward? 7 Grant aye., r. 7.
LIBERAL reward to the person who will re-
turn to 914 Kearny st. a ring having engraved
inside SEN. D. W. VOORHEES; no questions
asked. • ' ' ' '• " '
LOST— gold engraved watch, March 13,
on Polk st., between Sutter and Bush. Return
to 1902 Sutter St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Large brown and white pointer dog
with collar. Return to 32 : Golden Gate aye.
and receive reward^ , .
STRAYED from 1040 Dolores St.— A black setter
pup. 1 year old. Return to above address and
receive , reward, CHARLES F. STONE.
OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bought;
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
LOST— half of clarionet. -. Return to
Oberon Orchestra: reward.
LOST— German coupons Nos. 79,645. 90.719;
finder will please return to 211 Leidesdorff.
• ' i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL SSTAI'K.
A COTTAGE home or lots for sale; located in
the coming part of "Greater Oakland'; buy
now at present prices and on terms to suit;
the proposed "Emeryville Ferry," the "Cross
Town Boulevard" and "Electric Railroad,"
the coming of the "Santa Fe" and the new
"San Pablo-ave. Electric Railroad," coupled
with the beneficial effect of the recent rains.
will make all happy who buy now; try it and
you will never regret it: wait- and you can't
touch it. Apply to R. J. MONTGOMERY,
"North Oakland Real Estate Headquarters,"
470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS—
'o— House of 8 rooms and bath. In good con-
dition, within 3 blocks of Center-st. Station;
nice location.
$1850— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x125
feet; street work all done; centrally located on
Myrtle st.
$2000— Just completed; Colonial style cottage
of 5 rooms on Telegraph aye., near South
Berkeley; lot 50x165 feet.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
105S Broadway, near Eleventh st.,
Oakland, Cal.
$600— 4-ROOM cottage; stable and fruit trees;
lot 50xlOS; part cash.
$3200— 8-acre ranch, all level: 5-room house,
stable, windmill and tank; $1000 cash, balance
on mortgage.
Cheap— A fine residence of 9 rooms; modern;
stable; tank house; lot 65x125; centrally lo-
cated. Apply to JAMES E. WHITE.
Rooms 36 and 37, 906 Broadway.
A. K. PERCIVAL & CO., 630 Market st.
$5000, worth $6500— modern 10-room resi-
dence; 3 years old; high basement: cement
floors; furnace; heaters throughout the house:
good bam: cement walks; flne lawn; street
work all done; must be sold; owner going East.
Call or address
A. K. PERCIVAL & CO., 630 Market st., city.
A— ss MONTHLY will buy a new cottage and 2
lots in the Alvin Tract; take Haywards locai
train to Elmhurst (trains stop In front of the
Alvin Tract) or Haywards electric car to
Jones aye.: free carriage meets electric cars
Sunday. W. H. WIGGINS, resident agent.
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, Owners and Build-
ers. 19 Montgomery St., or 902 Broadway,
Oakland. '
NOW ls the time to buy real estate in West
Oakland. Cal.; future developments will posi-
tively prove this assertion true. For par-
ticulars apply to C. B. WINES. Real Estate
Agent, Postoffice building, 1776 Seventh St.,
West 'Oakland. Cal. _
WHY PAY RENT?
We can sell you a new 2-story house or 7
rooms, modern in every appointment, location
sunny side Adeline, near Fourteenth St., on
payments little above ordinary rent: house
can be finished by April 10. A. J. SAMUELS
& CO.. 468 Ninth st., Oakland.
$1600—2 ACRES on Haywards line: house and
old barn. Send for a new list of small
ranches and homes in Oakland: stamp brings
a catalogue. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland. .
FOR sale or exchange for San Francisco prop-
erty house 5 rooms, bath: near trains. Own-
er, 962 Third St.. Oakland. _____
A— ss MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch; 4 large chicken houses, fine brooders,
4 nests, 12 compartments; 6-foot high wire
fencing: very complete for Immediate busi-
ness; will sell. if desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward: $5 cash. $5
monthly: will make special terms If desired;
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes: streets all graded, some are
macadamized; near a fine 3-story schoolhouse
and 3 electric car lines and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard; site, climate and soil the
very best; no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. '/..
JONES, owrter.
NEW B-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
em Improvements and 4 vacant lota with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks: $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co.. 1145 E. lith st.. nr. 2"d aye.. E. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS A.ND
BOARD.
NICELY furnished rooms, single or en suite;
private family: all modern Improvements:
with or without board: 7 minutes from local
train: reasonable. 350 Telegraph aye., cor.
William st.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
' FOR summer months. April 15 to July or
August 15: modern I rooms and bath: corner
lot: large lot: 1 block to car; 12 minutes' walk
to local. WM. C. TODD & CO.. 1050 Broad-
way. ' ..akin:'.'!.
OAKLAND KIHMTIIIK FOU SALE.
FURNITURE-Good and cheap. EL SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 418 Eleventh at. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$2500— THIS offer good for 10 days only: Lot
50x150. San Jose aye., with first-class cottage
or 2-story house of 6 rooms, to order. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st. -; yy
$2000— COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc.; easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 42x135;
Santa Clara aye.; terms $400 cash, $25 per mo.
$2600— N»w Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash, $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms: lot 40x1"0; fine
location; San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner. 25x82:6; store and flat
above: new And modern; must bo sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms, completely furnished,
or room and board for ladles ln delicate
health. 111. Eighth St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
PROSPERITY has at last arrived; home-seek-
ers should acquire a home while the property
values are low. We are selling the cream of
Berkeley property at figures way below real
values; new 9-room colonial home, 1 block
south of university, finished in natural wood,
plate glass windows, large lot of high eleva-
tion, complete for $3600: will make suitable
terms. A few snaps I offer are: $1000. small
amount down, balance same as rent, S-room
house, lot 50x100, sewered, at Golden Gate;
$700. same terms, 4-room house, high base-
merit, lot 50x130, Golden Gate; large lots ad-
jacent to new electric line on San Pablo aye.,
$150, $10 down, $5 per month. Call or address
M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
COZY cottage of 3 rooms; chicken
houses; city water; lot 75xICS; all fenced.
$1000— House of 4 rooms; pigeon and chicken
houses; 250 pigeons', fine garden; fruit trees In
bearing; lot 75x108; fenced and cross-fenced.
$1250— Half acre lot, with house of 3 rooms
and basement; barn, pigeon houses; city. water;
easy terms If desired.
$1350— 2-etory house of 6 rooms and
bath; mantel; large barn and chicken houses;
lot 60x120; reduced from $2000.
$2500— East Oakland; modern 6-room cottage:
%-acre lot; location for health; owner is
obliged to sell; see this at once.
$2800— 3 acres in choice fruit; house of 7 rooms
and bath; barn, chicken houses; 2 wells, wind-
mill and tank; fronting electric car line; only
one mile from Fruitvale station.
12 acres for sale at a great sacrifice, with
house of 7 rooms and bath; large barn; fine
artesian well; windmill and tank; 3 acres in
choice fruit; only 1 mile from Fruitvale sta-
tion and 1 block from electric car line; owner
is obliged to sell; see this at once. H. A.
PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
2-STORY modern house, 6 rooms; big lot;
fruit trees; grand location; Fruitvale; price
$1800; very small payment, balance easy; sac-
' rlfice sale of mortgagee. SALSBURY, Notary,
902 Broadway, Oakland. _______
SNAP— $l65O— 6-room modern home; lot 50x150;
best part of Fruitvale. Pleitner. Fruitvale Sta.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 24 Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 6-room house, renovated, $13; water
free; appreciated if seen.
CALIFORNIA, 2919— Fine house, 9 rooms; hot
air heaters; cemented yard; sunny.
ELLIS, 1458—6 rooms and bath; rent $21. ASH-
TON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms and bath; lawn,
flowers; rent reasonable. Call 2105 Devisadero
st., bet. I and 2 o'clock.
GOLDEN GATE. Elegant house of S
rooms; nearly new; $30. ■_
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V4 Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. .
VALENCIA, 1218—6 rooms and bath; rent $21.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
12-ROOM house. 940 Howard St., between Fifth
and Sixth; rent* $40.
$14 HOUSE. 5 rooms and bath; basement. • Ad-
dress TIS Herman st. ■
$16 HOUSE, 6 rooms; bath, stable and adjoin-
ing lot. 2*316 Twenty-third st., near Alabama.
$IS— HOUSE, 6 rooms; water free. 6 Willow
aye., off Larkin st., bet. Eddy and Ellis.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET. 7
TO rent, ; furnished, April 1 . to August 5, taste- '
ful modern house, 9 large i rooms, city water."
electric light; superior i Chinese cook* if de-
sired: large garden and lawn: northeast j cor-
ner adjoining University; 5 minutes from rail-
-way station: choice neighborhood: references
expected.* Address or call at 1 Bushnell place,
Berkeley. -/ ■ -.'• ■.■■'■•'.' ■'.. '■■ '
NICELY furnished house, j near - the park and
Affiliated Colleges; sunny; good neighbor-
hood; reasonable to responsible, permanent
party. Box 1083, Call office.
/COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. $10; 5 rooms in good order. Apply
171 Collins St., off Point Lobos aye.
5-ROOM and bath hill cottage; Larkspur; flne
marine view. 316 California St.. room 20.
$10— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; yard; respectable
location. 1705 Turk St., near, Scott.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521
X St.. Sunset District.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE, new sunny corner upper flat, 4
rooms and bath. 23d and Harrison sts.
BRYANT, 853—3 flats to let of 3 large rooms
each; rent $8. y •
BUSH,' 909— 3 large sunny rooms and bath.
CLAY. 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde—
First-class sunny flat, S rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.,
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Modern,
sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
CONVERSE. 62, between Eighth and Ninth' off
Bryant— nice rooms and bath; stationary
washtubs; rent $13 50.
FLATS. " I HOUSES.
4 rms.; 423 Bryant. sl2 14 rms.; 721 Ashbury.s7o
3 rms.; 120 William 10112 rms.; 2723 Pacific. 70
4 rms. ; 606 Shotwell 11 1 8 rms. ; 1220 Laguna. 35
3 rms.; 521 Linden. 9. 6 rms. ; 707 Ellis 25
5 rms.; 709 Green'h. 9, 6 rms.; 542 Howard. 20
4 rms.; 177 Russ 8 6 rms. ; 6 William... 18
3 rms.; 250 Tehama 71 5 rms.; 230 1 Third.. 14
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 677 Market st.
FILLMORE, 2216H— Newly decorated flat. 5
large rooms and bath; reduced rent, $20.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery.
FILBERT, 921—2 fine flats. Just finished; 4 and
5 rooms; bath; shades; mantels; large yards;
sun; cellar; reasonable. '
FOURTEENTH. 134, near Howard — Upper
sunny 5 rooms, bath; storeroom; yard; $17. *
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window, bath; $12. 716
Natoma St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FULTON, 842— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent
$25. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
| cry st.
! HOWARD. 828 A —Sunny 5 rooms and bath; rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st. '
HOWARD, Sunny double bay-window flat
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $16.
LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS*. 15 Grant aye.
McALLISTER, 635— Fine sunny upper flat, 7
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. ' ..v vy.
McALLISTER. 1721— Modern. 7 rooms and bath:
I rent »25. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Mont-
! gomery st.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
I _ — _ .
I PACIFIC aye., 2411. between Fillmore and
Steiner— Modern upper flat, 8 rooms; base-
; ment; garden.
! SE. CORNER Sacramento and Lyon sts.; nice
sunny flat of 6 rooms; rent $22. Apply at
bakery.
i SHOTWELL, 811, near Twenty-second— Flat of
4 rooms and bath. : _____
SUNNY lower flat of 4 rooms. 172 Hawthorne
, St., near Harrison. ■__
TREMONT aye., 35. near Chutes— Flat, 5
sunny rooms and bath; $17.
j TWELFTH, Lower flat of 3 rooms; with
stable if desired.
$S— 3 SUNNY rooms; 537 Bryant st. Keys 401
third st.
' $18— CLEAN flat, 5 rooms and bath. 9SI Harri-
son st.
' 4073 TWENTY-THIRD St., near Castro; upper
sunny 6 rooms; $15.'
i 597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
! * 17 -
-47 Pond st.; upper sunny 5 rooms; $14.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 1021 Van Ness aye.. corner Geary— Parlor
suite, 3 sunny rms., kitchen; gas range; bath.
CLAY, 1723, near Polk— 3 rooms for housekeep-
ing, with bathroom; partly furnished or un-
furnished; no children. ■
CHESTNUT. 293— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping: cheap; flne view and sun; no small
children.
EDDY, 617—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
sunny; other rooms, $4 up.
FOLSOM, 1805, corner Fourteenth— Unfurnished
parlor suite and kitchen; rent $12; adults.
FOURTH, Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also single. •
FULTON, 213, near Van Ness— Unfurnished
front parlor, mantel, and adjoining room for
light housekeeping.
FULTON, 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $13. _____
GEARY, 14A— 2 connecting, completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; everything neat.
GEARY, 610— Two or three rooms furnished for
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE. 229— Nicely furnished room;
also housekeeping rooms.
GRANT aye., The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HOWARD, 650— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 653—2 or 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ■
HOWARD, 732— Large sunny back parlor, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $8.
HOWARD, 829— Housekeeping from $1 50 to $3
week: also other rooms; cheap.
HOWARD HIS 1 .,— 3 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable; single rooms. $1 week up.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping -poms; $12 & $15.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— parlor
suite, complete for housekeeping; running
water; cheap.
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished suite for house-
keeping and single room; $11 and $8.
JONES, Sunny corner bay window, fur-
nished or unfurnished; front and back parlor;
also L 2 or 3 and kitchen; rent low.
JESSIE, 473, Near Sixth— Furnished rooms;
light housekeeping; also others. *
JUNIPER, 42V4. bet. Folsom and Harrison—
Housekeeping rooms.
KEARNY, 104, near Market— Top floor; 2 large
newly furnished connecting rooms. _.
LANGTON, 15, near Seventh and Howard—
neatly furnished housekpg rooms; cellar; $10.
MARKET, 1023— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12; 3 rooms, $14.
MINNA, Single and housekeeping rooms, $1
and 75c per week.
MISSION, 839— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $2; furnished rooms, $1 60.
MISSION. 11251.— Large front room, nicely fur-
nished; good cook stove; $2 per week.
MISSION. 2133—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; hot water, bath, etc. cheap.
MISSION district— of pretty modern fur-
nished fiat with young couple; cheap. Box
1101, Call office.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite; gas, water, stove; $12.
NINTH, 111—2 bedrooms and kitchen connected;
bath; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
OAK Unfurnished housekeeping rooms, 1 to
4 to suit; fine for small family.
OAK, 119—2 large furnished parlors; bath, gas
and yard; entirely separate; rent $14.
OCTAVIA, 413H— Sunny 4 rooms; yard; com-
pletely furnished; housekeeping; reasonable.
OCTAVIA, 519—3 sunny unfurnished, house-
keeping rooms; rent $12; gas, bath.
POLK, 522—2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $12. .
POLK, 717— Nice sunny front room; suitable
for light housekeeping; cheap.*
POLK, 1602—2 or 3 . furnished housekeeping
rooms; also front bedroom. .* ■
POST. 2406 — Furnished room, with use of
kitchen; private family. .
SACRAMENTO. 1514. near Larkin— Parlor floor,
5 elegantly furnished, clean sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; piano: other rooms on next floor.
SEVENTH. Large sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; sink and yard.
SIXTH, 314— Front bay-window suite; ready
for housekeeping; rent $11. .
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. ■ :. .
SUITE of 2 large nice sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, kitchen and bedroom, $1 73
per week. $6 per month. Apply at shoe store, j
M Mission St., bet. First and Second sts. ;
THIRD, 309—2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms; complete housekeeping (_ SO per wk.
i i
HOUSEKEEPING Continued*
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission-Large
* sunny furnished housekeeping suites, running
;h ; water, $S and $10. ' - _
! < VALENCIA*.. -23-1. 2. 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms;
V . running water;, light housekeeping; cheap.
WEBSTER, 711—4 large sunny unfurnished
--rooms; modern Improvements.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SAN Francisco House, 737 Howard St., bet.
3d and 4th— Changed hands; 100 r., newly fur-
nished, 20c to SOc night. $1 to $3 week; doubla
beds rented as single; reading rm. ; transients.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. He to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT SUTTER. 831— Sunny; choice: reasonable*!
appreciated if seen; please investigate.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
A NICE large room to let. Inquire at 227->_
Hayes st. -..y- : : . ;
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month. •=
AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 60 to
$3; single, $1 to $1 50; night. 250 to 60c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
! BUSH. 634, The La Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY, 631— Several unfurnished rooms; mod-
ern; sunny; bath. :
: _ — ■
EIGHTEENTH, 4517, near Douglass— larga
sunny front room, furnished: quiet neighbor-
hood; no children; suitable for a gentleman?
policeman preferred; very reasonable. __
FELL. 317—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath; reas able.
FIFTH. 264— Large sunny bay-window room;
suitable for 2; use of bath; private. ___
FOLSOM, Sunny rooms, nicely furnished,
$4 and upward. *;
FOURTH, 316— Neat furnished rooms; reason-
able; use of piano.
GEARY, Large sunny bay-window front
room; also suites for hkpg; other rooms.
GEARY, 574— Single sunny front room; nicely
furnished; suitable for gentleman.
GEARY, 1945— Sunny room opposite park; mod-
ern Improvements; private; rent moderate.
GOLDEN GATE, 413— sunny double room, $8.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate.
I GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
( single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
; HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week. ■
HOWARD, 514— One single front room and 1
suitable for 2 gentlemen; rent low. £
JESSIE, 812. near Ninth— sunny furnish-
ed room for $5 and one for $4.
LARKIN. 612 — Small sunny furnished front
room; private; American family; bath: cheap.
LARKIN, Sunny front suites, corner, run-
ning water, closets, $16; single. $S. __
j LEWIS. 18. off Taylor, near Post— TWo large
rooms and kitchen: private family.
,'LOANS made .on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
McALLISTER. 519— Newly furnished sunny
room; running water: private family.
McALLISTER, 1046— Nice furnished front room;
private family; $4.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA. 725, bet. Eighth and Ninth— nice,
big unfurnished rooms; bay-window; larga
yard, front garden. 5
MISSION, 1212, one block from City Hall— a
large, nicely furnished rooms in private fam-
ily; gas, bath, hot water, etc.
MORRIS aye., 116%— Sunny furnished room;
private family; hot and cold running water.
NATOMA, Sunny furnished rooms; singla
or double: rent reasonable. _
NICE sunny front room to let; cheap. Apply
USA Clara St.. near Fourth.
OAK. 120—2 neatly furnished front rooms; pri-
vate family. __^__ -
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. Nice sunny rooms by tha
day, week or month. ■_
O'FARRELL, 639— Furnished rooms for gen-
tlemen; also others for light housekeeping.
O'FARRELL, 902— Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished: private.
O'F\RRELL, 923— Front bay-window room;
suitable for 2; private family; board optional.
PINE. 614 A. near Kearny— furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite: $5 up.
POLK, Front bay-window rooms or single,
$1 to' $3 week. ,
POLK, Nicely furnished room; gas; use oi
bath; private family. ___
SEVENTH. 192 (Girard House)— Sunny rooma;
reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.«
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 257— Rooms to let; furnished,
with use of kitchen. '
STEVENSON. 409, and Mint aye.. 22. near
Fifth— "Sunny furnished rms, grate; $1 up.
STEVENSON. 778. off Ninth— Furnished sunny
front rooms; private house. *
SUTTER, Rooms to let: pleasant sunny
front rooms; also smaller rooms; reasonable.
SUTTER ill— Comfortably furnished rooms,
single and en suite; also hkpg: terms reas.
TURK, 543— Nice sunny room, $1 50 per week;
also 1 for $1 per week. _
THIRD, 303— Furnished sunny front rooms;
single and double: $1 a week and up.
VALENCIA, 121— Sunny furnished front room
for gentleman.
■y BOARDING AND ROO3IS.
FIRST Swedish private boarding, with*.
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 Elegantly fur-
nished; first-class in every respect; table un-
surpassed; elevator; suites, with board, $50 up.
HYDE, Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board: families solicited: reasonable.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable housa
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. :
NICE sunny rooms and good board; $20 each;
use of piano. 518 Ellis. (
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
POLK, 717— A good home for young man of
boy with board. $15. - ■
POST, 509, near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms.
■ with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking 'garden; board; desirable location.
VAN NESS aye., 712— Sunny rooms, single and
en suite, with board: reasonable.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'S, 16 Mason St.— French dinner, SOc;
lunch, 25c or a la carte; prl. rms. for ladles.
CAMPUS Restaurant; any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 3
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S- Restaurant, coffee and lea
cream psrlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CHILDHI";:. BOARDED.
A LADY teacher of 6 years' successful experi-
ence In the school room and a university
graduate, particularly fond of and successful
in the management of children, desires to
take entire charge of a child at least 6 years
of age for company's sake; terms $30 a month,
including board, education, clothes, etc. ;
some of California's foremost educators, law-
yers, doctors, etc., as reference. Address box
1064.' Call office. '
AN experienced nurse would like 1 or 2 children
to board: $15 per month. 1104 Twenty-third
St., off Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
GOOD home for 2 children; furnished room for
parent. 51 Clara sL* . •
GOOD home for children not younger than 1
year, $2 per week or $8 per month. Apply 210
. Lexington aye. -
ELDERLY lady would like child to board;
mother's care; reasonable. . 921 Shotwell st.
.■■_.. _a
_
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. 8. CAPP A CO., real estate agents, 630
Market at. - _*.
HOWARD. 537— Large store and four living
rooms; yard and shed; lately renovated.
SEVENTH. 4S— Store and 5 living rooms; rent
$22.
STORE and 2 rooms: good location; cheap. 29
Zoe St.. near Third and Bryant. _______?*
$25— GROCERY and bar fixtures complete; S.W.
cor. Zoe and Bryant sts. Keys 401 Third at,
1314
OFFICES TO LET.
riwTCE^liKht and sunny; Emma Spreckels
building. 927 Market st.; rent $15 CO; light-
heat janitor and telephone Included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210. — ■—■
r=TTT —- TO LEA«E.
' von^ntyPaxiTH^erank cottages for rent or
lease For particulars address J. T. ADAMS,
Ben Lcmond. Santa Cruz County, Cal.
I POINT RICHMOND R. R. terminus; lots, __•-
■ mess and res. G. W. Haight, 220 Sansome^
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE of Testamentary Beouests.'— late
JAMES WEIR, Of Saint Clouds. Blackrock. in
theCountvof Dublin. Esquire, by his will dated
12th cf October, 1&93, bequeathed the follow-
ing legacies, amongst others, namely: One
Thousand Pounds to Mrs. Rachel Sandiland;
I One Thousand Pounds to the children of the
late .ndrew Crown: One Thousand Pounds to
each of the seven children of Testator's wife's
Elite- Isabella Fallow, namely, James Fal-
low "'William Fallow, John Fallow, Gavin
Fallow, Janet Fallow, Mary Fallow and Ag-
■ lies Fallow; One Thousand Pounds to Mrs.
I Grace Barr, formerly Steele; One Thousand
' Pounds in equal shares amongst the children
of John Steele, son of Mary Steele; One
Thousand Pounds to the issue living at the
death of the Testator of James Weir, who
died In his lifetime: One Thousand Pounds
to each of the six children of Testator a
* brother, Thomas Weir, deceased, namely,
James Weir, Francis Weir, Andrew Weir.
Agnes Weir, Elizabeth Weir and Margaret
TVelr. - ■"'
The Testator recited that some of the per-
sons who might be entitled to legacies under
hia will were, the Testator believed, resident j
' In America, Australia and New Zealand, and
* it contained the following clause: "I hereby .
declare that even' person entitled to a legacy ,
under this mv will, shall within a period of ;
three years from the day of my death, send I
; . in to mv trustee or trustees a claim (In writ- j
ing) for such legacy, and any person who.
shall not send In such claims, as aforesaid,
shall absolutely forfeit all benefit which he or ]
, she might have otherwise claimed under this i
' my will, and the legacy hereinbefore be- :
I mieathed to him or her shall be dealt with
1 as a lapsed legacy." And the Testator dl- !
* rected his trustees, as soon as conveniently
. might be attar his death, to cause advertise- ,
ments to be inserted ln newspapers, requir- |
I ing all persons entitled to legacies to send in \
their claims.
The Testator died SOth of October. IS9B. and :
said will and one codicil were, on the ISth
' November. 1398. duly proved by Sir William ,
Findlater, Robert Bell. James Anderson :
Merry the executors and trustees thereof.
Now all such of above-named legatees j
as have.- not already done so. and all
other (If any) persons claiming to be i
legatees or to be beneficially entitled
vnder the said will and codicil, are i
hereby required to send In to the i
said executors and trustees, at the office of j
the undersigned solicitors, claims fin writ- \
ing) and the necessary proofs of Identifica-
tion and the trustees will, at the ration
■ of a period of three years after the death, |
finally wind up the estate and distribute the j
then remaining assets of the testator with- i
out reference to any claims, except those I
which shall have been sent in within said j
period. The executors have collected and
realized a very large proportion of the Tes- j
tator's assets, "and they have paid the Testa- ,
tor's debts, and thus will shortly be in a po-
sition to ray the above-mentioned legacies,
and to distribute their Testator's estate (ex-
cept of course, such part of the residuary
property as It may be necessary to retain for
three years.
The executors believe that they already pos-
sess the addresses of the above-named lega-
tees but for "Xtra precaution, and in pur- ;
suance of their Testator's directions, publish
I this advertisement, and particularly request
each name', or Indicated legatee to send In
a formal written claim without further delay.
Dated at Dublin this Hth day of February.
ISS9
WILLIAM FINDLATER & COMPANY. So-
licitors for the Executors. 53 Dame street.
Pall' persons residing in America.
ALL' PERSONS RESIDING IN AMERICA.
claiming to be legatees or claiming to be
beneficially entitled under the said will and
codicil of James Weir, deceased, are in-
structed to submit their formal claims in
writing and the necessary proofs of identifica-
tion in the first instance, to the undersigned,
who' have been empowered to receive, exam-
ine ond reDnrt upon such claims.
Dated at San Francisco this 9th day or
- ar ° CORMAC & DONOHOE & BAUM.
Attorneys and Counselors at Law.
(Agents for Messrs. WM. FINDLATER &
CO 1 119 Bush street, San Francisco, Califor-
nia", 'v. P. ■■:' A-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Julius Kahn and Florence Prag 38-21
John Figone and Lena Cavlero a-"
• Honto Bottlni and Amelia Oaviero 2--16
Charles Clements and Cella Doherty 28-21
John Dohrmann and Helene Ridder 4a-/S ,
Joseph Tobiass and May Marks ■-."--"
" BIRTHS— MAmACIES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
■ In a' either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
; sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARRON-In this city, March 7 1899. to the
wife of John M. Barron, a daughter.
: BERGGREN— In this city. March 18, 1899. to
: the wife of Charles Berggren. a daughter.
CRONIN— In this city, March 17, 1899. to the
wife of T. s*. Cronin. a son.
' DORN— this city, M.-ych 17, 1899. to the wife
of D. s Dorn, a son.
' GADIENT— In this city. March 13, 1899. to the
wife of Christ Gadient. a son.
HAWKINSON— In this city, March 14. 1899. to
the wife of August W. Hawklnson. a. son.
• HORSTMANN— In this city. March 13. 1899, to
i,. wife of W. J. Horstmann, a son.
■" JENKEL— In this city. March 8. 1899. to the
• wife of J. R. Jenkel. a son.
: MARTIN— this city, to the wife of William
! L. Martin, a son.
MEINHOLD— Bay View. March 8. 1899, to
* the wife of A. T. Meinhold. a daughter.
' METZNER— In this city. February 28. 1899, to
£ the wife of William Metzner, a daughter.
I MINOR -At Angel Island. March 17. 1899, to the
' wife of Dr. J. F. Minor. U. S.A., a daughter.
, NOHR— In this city. March 11, 1899, to the wlf
of J. A. N.'hr. a son.
i PRICE— In Elmhurst. March 6. 1*?99. to the wife
i of Thomas 11. Price, a daughter.
I SOHL— In this city, March 7, 1899, to the wife
I of J. Henry Sohl. a son.
' ANSON— In this city. March 10, 1899, to the
i wife of J. J Swanson. a son. '
' WATERMAN— South San Francisco, March
I 11. 1898. to the wife of Earle . Waterman, a
daughter.
» WILSON— In this city, February -3. l-* r, 9, to
• the wife of Thomas C. Wilson, a daughter.
; MARRIED.
! BLACK— PRACHT— March 18. 1889. Frederick
W Black of Spokane, Wash., and Fleurette
! E Claire Pracht of San Francisco.
1 CLEAVELAND -CLAPP— In Oakland, Febru-
ary - 1599. at the First M. E. Church, by the
' Rev ';- R. Dille, Russell S. Cleaveland and
! Effle M. CIAPD, both of San Francisco.
! McCORD— STRIPPEL— In Reno, Nev., Decem-
ber 50, IS9S, Mark L. McCord and Lillie Strip-
i pel.
t-PFARRER— MT'LLER— this city. March 16,
1599, by the Rev. W. ('. Schmatzler, Charles
Theodore Ffarrer and Johanna F. Muller.
__ HIED.
Allen, Frederick J'fTer?. Patrick
Blair. Walter E. Jenkins, Ellwood A.
Booth. Robert Johansen, Elmer C.
' * Bowman, John Johnson, Alexander
Bradv, John Jordan. John T.
Brennan. William J. Lang. Theresa '
" Collamore. Charles McGoldrick Margaret
Connor, Simon P. Miller. Frederick W.
■ Cook. Lena Moore, Mrs. Mary O.
'•. • De Ry, Lorenzo Morrison, Lottie C.
'*. Donahue, Thomas Murphy. James A.
Fallman. John P. O'Brien. Arthur J.
Fargue. John P. Patton. Catherine
Finley. James R. Robl, Margaret A.
* Finnertv. James Rowland, Jane
Franceschini. Charles Simons. Mrs. Harriet
Graves. Gertrude Spayth, Herman A.
Guehne. Fritz Spillum. Chas. J. E.
' Gut. Eliae Warner. Isaac S.
lloefer, P. WJener, Aaron
• Hlortdahl. Julie S. J. *
ALLEN— In this city. March 17. 1899, Frederick
Allen, a native of Maine, aged 54 years.
BLAIR— In this city. March 16, 1899. Walter
Beasley Blair, beloved father of Walter and
Evelyn Blair, a native of Philadelphia, aged
49 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 O'clock, from Franklin Hall,
3539 Fillmore street, under the auspices of
I King Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. and A. M.
BOOTH— this city, March 18, 1899, Robert,
dearly beloved husband of Catharine Booth,
and beloved father of James E.. George W.
and Joseph .7. Booth, Mrs. Charles Kurptnsky,
Mrs. A. Cordes. Mrs. G. Wetherbee and Mrs.
V,'. Regentz, a native of Ireland, aged CO
years and 8 months. (Boston, Mass., papers
please copy.)
(CNotlce of funeral hereafter.
! BOWMAN— In this city. March 17, 1899. John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Bow-
man, and father of Mrs. Annie Toomey and
Mrs. Jessie dinners, a native of Montrose,
Scotland, aged 54 years and 10 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11 Natoma street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city, March 18, 1899, John,
beloved son of Thomas J. and Delia Brady,
and brother of Katie, May and Thomas
Brady, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years" 8 months and 2 days.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB-V
' JO Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School,
Stle-pljcne Eolith 80. ..
__*... -_*-" — ■■>■ .-• ■'ii.ip_ y
of the parents, 3016 Larkin street. Interment
private. Holy. Cross Cemetery. _ (
BRENNAN— In this city, March 17, 1899, W ll-
-11am J., beloved son of John and Maw Bren-
nan. and brother of Mamie, Thomas. Michael.
Edward and Lizzie Brennan, a name or _m-
cago, 111., aged 25 years. „-__„♦
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ' un a l ,': h i B fay
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 216 Fillmore street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his sou! commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLAMORE-In San Rafael, March 18 1899,
Charles Collamore. aged 45 years 2 months
and 3 days. # -*'
CONNOR— In this city, March 16, 1899, Simon
P.. beloved husband of Mary A. Connor,
father of O. Bryant and Hubert R. Connor,
and brother of Mrs. J. McAllister, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 56 years 6. months and
16 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, under the auspices of
Paclflc Council No. 8, O. C. F." from his late
residence. 1770 Howard street, near Four-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via electric funeral car leaving Fourteenth
and Howard streets at 12:30 o'clock.
PACIFIC COUNCIL No. 8, O. C. F.— Officers
and members are hereby notified to assemble
at 1770 Howard street, near Fourteenth,, this
day (Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, for the pur-
pose of conducting the funeral services Of our
late brother. Simon P. Connor.
D. W. McNEILL. Counselor.
MIPS LOUISA F. BRAY. Secretary.
COOK— In this city. March 18, 1899. at 3:30 a.
m.. Lena, wife of Carroll Cook, and eldest
daughter of Ann E. and the late W. W. Stow,
p. native of San Francisco.
CTFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, southwest corner of Scott street
and Broadway. Interment private.
DE RY— ln this city. March. 17, 1899, Lorenzo
De Ry. a native of Canton Aargau, Switzer-
land, aged 73 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dierks. 957 Mission street, under the
auspices of Swiss Mutual Benevolent Society.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DONAHUE —In this city. March 18, 1899.
Thomas Donahue, youngest brother of the
late Michael, Colone' Peter and James Dona-
hue, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 115 Grove street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FALLMAN— In this city, March 16, 1899, John
P., dearly beloved husband of Dora Fallman.
and father of Mrs. Victoria Pettenati. a na-
tive of Baden, Germany, aged 72 years. A
member of Badlscher Vereln.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
ful!.- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 535 Anderson street, corner of Hickory
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FARQUB— In this city, March 16, 1599. John
P.. beloved husband of Carolina A. Fargue,
rathe" of Lizzie and John Fargue, Mrs. Her-
man Thies. Mrs. Elbert C. Bush. Mrs: Theo.
P. Horn. Mrs. Victor Turrell and the late
Mrs. Miria King, and grandfather of Mar-
garet King and Walter Thies. a native of
Troy, N. V.. aged 69 years 11 months and 16
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1000 A Union street, between Jones and
Leavenworth, thence to Odd Fellows' build-
ing, corner Seventh and Market streets, where
funeral services will be held at 2 o'clock, un-
der the auspices of Apollo Lodge No. 123,
I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by carriage.
FINLEY— In Manila. P. 1.. January 22, 1899.
James Robert, beloved sen of Dewitt and
Mary A. Flnley of San Jose, and brother of
W. A. and E. Flnley and L. M. Lunsford. a
native of Missouri, aged 23 years and 9
months.
FINNERTY— In this city. March 1«. 1899. James
Finnerty, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged 38
G_7"Tr,e funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street.
FRANCESCHINI— this cit-. March IS, 1599,
Charles, beloved son of Victor and Kate
Franceschini. and brother of Loretta and j
the late Estella Franceschini and Edward j
and William Fogarty. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 years 3 months and 19 days.
(CTFrTends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Mondavi, at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 640 Ellis street, thence to St. [
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment •
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRAVES— In the City and County Hospital.
March IS. 1599, Gertrude Graves, aged 1 month
and 8 days.
GUEHNE— In Tountvllle. Napa County, Cal..
March 18. 1899. Fritz Guehne. beloved uncle
of Mrs. Ernest Drever and Mrs. Paul Doeh-
rlng. a native of Germany, aged 64 years.
GUT— In this city, March 18, 1899, Elise dearly
beloved wife of Carl Gut. and daughter of
Albert and Elizabeth Wehrli a native of
Switzerland, aged 26 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March 21. at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1216 Stockton street, between Broad-
way and Pacific. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HOEFER— In Sacramento. March 12. 1899, P.
Hoefer, beloved husband of Sophie Hoefer,
and father of Mrs. J. Jacobs and Severln.
Alexander and Eugene Hoefer.
HIORTDAHL— In this city. March 18. 1599,
Julie Sophie J. Hlortdahl. mother of Mcholay
and Christian Jortall. a native of Drammln,
Norway, aged 80 years 2 months and 24 days.
JEFFERS— In the City and County Hospital.
March IS. 1899, Patrick Jeffers, a native of
Ireland, aged 53 years.
JENKINS— In this city. March 1«. 1899, Ellwood
A beloved son of Pauline Jenkins, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 year 7 months and
14 days. •
JOHANSEN— this city. March 17, 1899 El-
mer Clyde, beloved son of Dedrlk and Lizzie
Johansen, and grandson of Patrick and Ann
Coghlan. aged 1 year ar.d 10 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his grandparents. 12 Chattanooga street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
, JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital,
' March 17. 1899, Alexander Johnson, a native
of Ireland, aged 54 years.
JORDAN— Oakland, March 18, 1899. John
Thomas, beloved husband of Jennie Jordan,
and father of Thomas Lullus and Genevieve
Jordan, a native of New York, aged 47 years
8 months and 4 days.
LANG— In this city, March 18. 1899. Theresa,
beloved wife cf Edwin Lang, mother of Mary,
Mark. Harry and May Lang and Sister The-
resa of Notre Dame Convent, a native of
County Wexford. Ireland, aged 55 years.
McGOLDRICK— In this city, March 17, 1899.
Margaret, dearly beloved wife of John Mo-
Goldrlck. mother of Mary McGoldrick. daugh-
ter of James and the late Mary Clark, and
sister of Mary, Julia, Ella, James, Thomas,
Lawrence and the late William Clark of
Petaluma, a native of Sah Francisco, aged 37
years and 7 months. \
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 7 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 60 Tehama street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
commencing at 7:30 o'clock, thence to^the 9:30
o'clock boat. Interment at Petaluma.
MILLER— In this city, March 18, 1899. Fred-
erick W., dearly beloved husband of Hen-
riette Miller, and beloved father of Mrs. J.
Krumhoiz. Mrs. A. Cassabohm, Mrs. E. Mil-
ler and Fred W. and Charles P. Miller, a na-
tive of Munster am Stein, Prussia -ted 61
years 6 months and 10 days. A member of
"Slegcl Haln No. 7. U. A. O. D. (Greenfield,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1913 Howard street, between Fifteenth
and Sixteenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MOORE— In Alameda. March 17. 1899, Mrs.
Mary O. Moore, aged 77 years and 9 months.
(CTThe funeral will be from the residence
of Mrs. George A. Bordwell, 2425 Buena Vista
avenue, this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock. In-
terment private.
MORRISON— In this city. March 17. 1899. Lot-
tie C, beloved wife of John T. Morrison, a
native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 28 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1022 Broderick street. Interment pri-
vate.
MURPHY— this city, March 17, 1899. James
A., son of James J. and Ada Murphy, and
brother of Frank. John J. and Sarah Murphy,
Mrs. L. A. Josephs and Mrs. J. Denlson, a
native of Nevada, aged IS years and 6 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
(if his mother. 1720 Market street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, March 17, 1899, Arthur
James, dearly beloved son of James and
Mary O'Brien, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 months and 27 days. .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 2927 Laguna street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PATTON— In this city. March 18. 1899, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of George Patton, daugh-
ter of the late William and Catherine Dono-
van, and sister of Frank Donovan and the
late Hannah and Stephen Donovan and Mrs.
Mary MeConahey, a native of San Francisco.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are , respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 683 Valencia street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROBL— In Fitchburg, Alameda County, Cal.,
March 15, 1899. Margaret A., beloved wife of
Frank W. Robl, mother of John, James and
Maggie Robl, and daughter of John J. Lynch
of San Francisco, a native of San Francisco.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her father, 1819 Hyde street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, corner Broadway and Yon
Ness avenue, where a high requiem mass will
be said for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . '• <■ ', -
THE BAN FRANCISCO CAI_I_, SUNDAY, MABOH 19, 1899.
ROWLAND- this city, March IT, If, Jane,
. beloved wife of William Rowland, a native of
Waifs, aged -0 years. (Liverpool anil Car-
dlngtonshlre, England, papers please copy.)
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from tha parlors of
Halsted & Co., 948 Mission street. Interment
Masonlo Cemetery.
SIMONS— In Alameda. Cal., March 18. 1899.
Mrs. Harriet Angel Simons, a native of New
York State, aged 80 years.
CTNotlce of funeral ln Monday morning"!
papers.
SPAYTH— In the City and County Hospital,
March 18. 1899. Herman Alonzo Spayth, & na-
tive of Ohio, aged 49 years.
SPILLUM— At Ross Landing, Marin County,
March 12, 1899, Charles J. E., beloved hus-
band of Matilda Spillum, father of Agnes
Julie Carl Theodore and Rosalie Violet Spil-
lum and brother, of George Spillum of Butte,
Mont., a native of Norway, aged 31 years 3
months and 4 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, corner of
Geary and Stockton streets, under the aus-
pices of the Scandinavian Society. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WARNER— In this city, March 18, 1899, Isaac
S . beloved husband of Carrie L. Warner, and
father of E. Stephen and George H. Warner.
a native of Boston. Mass., aged 63 years and
- 14 days. yv~.
WIENER— In this city, March 17, 1899 ' 0 Aaron
Wiener, beloved brother of Mrs. Pauline
Blaskower. a native of Germany, aged bo
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11-^>o
"clock train from Third and . Townsend
streets. —
BUCK CANNOT COLLECT.
A Special Attorney Loses His Fees
Under the Law.
S. M. Buck sued*"the city of Eureka,
Humboldt County, for a large sum _0I
money for services as attorney in two
cases. In one some Chinese sued the city
for big damages for the action of its citi
zens in running out the Chinese residents
nearly twenty years ago. The other case
was that of the prosecution of Barnej
Croghan. The demand of the attorney
was g for $10,000, but a jury awarded him
$4700. The case was appealed by the city .
It was shown the attorney's work was
done on an implied contract, the City
Council passing a resolution engaging
hI I?'was also shown that in the year to
which he was engaged there was no ap
propriation by the city to meet "ieJoWl
gation. and on this point the Supreme
Court says: v:*' , „ te +v,_t-_
"It should have been learned if there
was enough in the appropriated revenues
to meet the obligation, for if there was
not there will be no liability resting on
the city and the claimant will have no
right to a judgment in any torn. )}' J* 111 **-
the point is not new. the Supreme Court
has frequently to reiterate It, because of
difficulties arising out of municipalities
overreaching their finances and attempt
ing to pay one year's bills out of another
year's revenues. ■
Parade of the Eagles.
The Order of Eagles of this city will
leave for Oakland on the 1:30 o'clock boat
to-day for the purpose of taking part in
the installation of the newly elected of
ficers of a lodge of the order in that city.
The journey through this city from the
lodgeriom will be a public parade from
Ellis street to Market, to Kearny, to
Bush, to Market, to the ferry. The pro
cession will be headed by Bennett's band.
The new Oakland officers to be installed
are: Past president, T. H. Lindsay; presi
dent. H. Baehr; vice president. Ed L.
Wagner; treasurer, William Clark; secre
tary, A. Pohlman; chaplain. R. B. Loos;
conductor. James S. Cannon; inside
guard, George Crowley: trustees M. F.
O'Connor, James F. Cheatham, Charles
Fisher.
Vallejo Footballists on a Visit.
After a season of uninterrupted defeat
the Snowball football team of Vallejo
came to San Francisco yesterday for a
few days of recreation. They attended
the Orpheum in the evening and later
enjoyed a few pleasant hours at the ban
quet board at one of the popular restau
rants. To-day they will visit the park
and the Cliff House. The team; including
the substitutes, consists of the following:
T. P. Grennan. manager: F. H. Lee, as
sistant manager; J. J. Murphy, captain;
Charles Grennan, John Leary, Frank
Hussey, 1-. Brennan, "William "Brough, J.
Furlong, J. MeDonough, W. Soanes, M.
Pariser, R. Morgan, J. McEniry, R.
Kenney. C. A. Lee, E. A. Kavanagh, Tom
Maguire.
»♦ ■ '
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
CHOYNSKI WHEN A BOY.
q -TT^ HE above picture of Joe Choynski was taken when the heavy- ©
_ j weight pugilist was matched to fight Jim Corbett to a finish. The ©
° I battle was held on May 30, 1*"89, in a barn near Fairfax, but it was ©
O 1 stopped in the fourth round by the referee, when the scouts who ©
8-*- were on the lookout for the enemy reported the Sheriff and his ©
© deputies were coming. "-'/*;•.. /■',". -.-.V, &
© The contest was then postponed, and . the second meeting was held Q
© on June 5 of the same year on a barge ywhich was anchored in Car- ©
© quinez. Straits, near Benicia. *" After a hard fight, . which lasted twenty- ©
© seven rounds, the referee, Patsey Hogan, - decided in favor of Corbett. ©
© Choynski has had several hard fistic engagements since then. In Aus- ©
© tralia he faced Joe Goddard, the "Barrier Champion." on two occa- O
O sions and lost. On February 10, 1891, he was knocked out by Goddard ©
© in the fourth, round of , the most ferocious battle that had. ever taken ©
© place ln the Australias. Choynski cut Goddard'a face into ribbons and Q
© knocked the big fellow down several times, but was unable to stand the Q
© dreadful pace which was cut out by "the Barrier Champion." The sec- Q
©ond time he met Goddard was on July 20 of the same year in Melbourne ©
O for the Australian heavy-weight championship and $10,000. This was a O
© repetition of the previous fight, and the Californian again suffered defeat Q
O in the fourth round. Goddard was so weak that he could not stand on his ©
© ' feet after the referee had counted Choynski out. 77^ 7777/ ©
© Ten years of fighting has not seemingly taken the wind out of Choyn- ©
© ski's sails. Joe feels now that he Is physically able to defend the heavy- . Q
© weight championship against all comers, and if he proves successful in ©
© his fight against McCoy he will immediately '»-;ue a wide-spread chal- ©
© lenge to the champions, barring none, '. : ©
o o
O 00 0000000000000000000000000000000
THE MELBA MATINEE
OF ROSSINI'S " BARBER"
Ellis Company Gave an Industrious Per
formance of the Old Farce-Opera.
MELBA AS ROSINA.
.--,■— 3 HE Grand Opera House was
good to gaze upon and sweet to
sniff yesterday afternoon. It was
.J a Melba matinee and the women
of this and the surrounding counties
attended in a crush. A bargain counter
could not have attracted a fairer crowd.
Men were few and yards between, and
the wineroom apothecaries yawned and
slumbered even between acts. It was
ladies* day with. a vengence.
The opera was "The Barber of Se
ville," but it was Melba, I fancy, more
than the opera that drew the throng.
"The Barber" is a good old comic
stand-by, but at this o'clock it is not
what you Would call a popular piece.
Only when some great singer romps
through the part of Rosina does It
make its appeal to the public; and even
BY ASHTON STEVENS. .
then you will notice that the largest ap
plause is given to the interpolations.
There are gems in the Rossini music —
gems graceful, difficult and comic, and
a large measure of melodic satire; but
the pages and pages of colloquial pas
sages, semi-recitative in character, are
deadly dull and absolutely painful to an
English speaking audience. There were
times yesterday when the whole audi
ence seemed to sleep. * The first curtain
went down- to no applause at all and
the handful of men in the back rows
filed out mournfully for their cigarettes
and consolation.
The truth is that the farce around
which Rossini's music is woven offers
little fun to the modern palate. We
have better books and as little horse
play in the worst comic operas that
are builded here in America. The plot
of "The Barber" is hopelessly hopeful;
the dialogue, even when you have mas
tered the Italian text, is far from bril
liant; the situations are banal and
slow. Horse play of a kind unknown
to the modern stage — horse play in
which the game* of "tag" and the
spanking of sundry gentlemen with the
flat of a sword are potent features —
the only hope. And even this, with
the best regulated cast, is not always
a success.
So, after all, it comes down to the
matter of music and the singing. No
one could And fault with the acting
yesterday afternoon. It as indus
trious, incessant. But It was only the
singing that counted, and not all of
that, for at least half of the music with
its thin, trickling orchestration, is mo
notonous and meaningless. "The Bar
ber of Seville," sawed off to vaudeville
dimensions, would. I dare say, make a
lively entertainment; but in' its entire
ty there is too much for a good joke.
Melba's Rosina is not new to San
Francisco. "We heard it on that me
morable night when war with Spain
was declared and the Spanish Rosina
introduced "The Star-spangled Banner"
in the music lesson scene, and the au
dience went daft with enthusiasm. So
Melba, as you already know, is very
good in this part, very alert and girlish.
As there is only one other female char
acter, and that a subsidiary one, Rosina
stands little chance of becoming tire
some. She shines nearly all the time
by right of sex and contrast. Melba
makes her very playful and very, sim
ple. She seems- to enjoy the Irresponsi
bility of the part. She acts with glee
and she sings the embroidered music
apparently with the artlessness of a
canary. Her "una voce poco pa" was of
course faultless, and in the music les
• son, where everything Is ad lib., she
ranged from Lucia's mad frills to the
"Suwanee River." She sang no less
than five pieces in this scene, so great
was the applause. "In Vano" and
"Mattenati," ' by Tosti, and Bohm's
"Still wie die Nacht" gave delightful
opportunity in boudoir singing.
Pandoflni took Bonnard's role of Al
maviva, singing with considerable
humor, but not always with tonal in
tegrity. Bensaude for the sixth time
in six consecutive performances sang
the barytone part. I will wager he
doesn't regret to-day being Sunday. His
Figaro was jaunty in conception, and
his phrasing and enunciation in the
fleet music were admirable. Boudour
esque was the Basilio, distinguishing
himself especially in the "Calumny"
song, and Rosa really managed to get
a little fun out of the tiresome Bartolo.
. ... -' ■ -■-.-'■ ■■ ■.-•;----'.-.-..-■ ><--**' i-^-.«r--.
A NOVELTY IN DIVORCE.
The Courts Find a New Position for a
Receiver.
Henrietta Anderson of Los Angeles sued
her husband, William H. Anderson, for
divorce and maintenance. * She complained
he was of a cruel and a morose disposi
tion, and that he had deserted" her, going
to New York. The cruelty, she said, con
sisted of actions and accusations instead
of violence. The lady asserted that her
husband is rich, owning valuable proper
ties in Los Angeles and also in New York,
but that he would not support her and
her invalid daughter and minor son. In
the court below the Judge found the cru
elty complained of, while painful to the
lady, was not of such a nature as to
warrant the granting of a divorce. How
ever, his Honor decided that the husband
must support the 19-y e «-° ld _£& Snrt
daughter, the minor son and the wife, and
$150 per month was allowed.
That the order of court should be ob
served and the interests of the wife ana
children preserved the court adopted a
course that is somewhat unusual in di
vorce cases. He appointed a receiver to
attend to the community and other prop
erties in the southern part of the State.
As might be expected, the husband ap
pealed to the Supreme Court, but his ap
peal was of no avail, as the judgment and
order of the Judge of the lower court were
affirmed.
WEEK OF SELF-DENIAL.
Elaborate Preparations Made for It
by the Salvation Army.
Extensive preparations have been made
by the Salvation Army at its headquar
ters at 1139 Market street for its week of
self-denial, which begins to-day. Altars
will be placed on the street comers, be- .
sides which members of the organization j
will be stationed with collection boxes.
A Shetland pony will carry an altar
around on Its back, and will be accom- j
panied by two Salvation lassies, who will |
sing and exhort on the corners and invite
the spectators to join in making self- :
denials. An elaborate programme has
been aranged for the week as follows:
Sunday night— Staff Captain Dunham
will speak on "Why Self-denial?"
Tuesday night— Lieutenant Colonel R.
Evans will lead a musical meeting,
assisted by the Y. G. G. brass band.
Wednesday night— Lieutenant Colonel
W. Evans and Mrs. Evans will conduct
a missionary meeting.
Thursday night— Staff Captain Mrs.
Dunham will conduct the meeting and
speak. '-'y-yy
Friday night— Staff Captain Reid, the
Farm Colony governor, will conduct a j
social meeting, assisted by Ensign Neil. {
Saturday night— Adjutant Withers will
conduct a big junior demonstration. The
Chinese juniors will speak and sing and
other children will recite and give other
vocal exhibitions.
Sunday afternoon at 3 p. m. an altar
will be erected in the hall, and all those
who have collected during the week will
come forward and put what they have j
collected on the altar.
Sunday night— Staff Captain and Mrs.
Dunham will lead the grand wind-up, as
sisted by Captains Sturtevant and Mc- ;
Kean and the training home girls, who
wilPsing and speak. The Golden Quartet
will render several selections and the staff
captain will announce the amount that ;
has been raised.
Music in the Park.
The following programme of music will
be rendered in Golden Gate Park this
afternoon:
Overture, "Martha" Flotow
"Entr'acte la. Colombe" Gounod
Scenes from "II Trovatore" ' Verdi
Waltz. ' 'Temptation" Bolognesl
Trombone solo
• Performed by W. H. Colverd.
"Symphony No. 1" Beethoven
(a) Introduction, allegro con brio.
(b) Andante.
(c) Scherzo.
(d) Rondo finale.
Descriptive, "Cavalry' Charge" Lueders
March, * "Charlatan" Sousa
Child Study Club.
At the Occidental Hotel Friday after
noon Dr. Florence N. Ward addressed the
San Francisco Child Study Club on "Pre
paration for Motherhood." She made an
earnest appeal for a more intelligent
motherhood, speaking* of the dress, care ,
of the body and simple and nutritious
food. Announcement was made of the :
meeting of the State Child Study Asso
ciation on Saturady. March 25, the busi- :
ness meeting and election of officers to
take place at 10 a. m. at the Occidental
Hotel. A public meeting at 2:30 p. m. will
be held at Shasta Hall, Native Sons
building. Addresses will be made by
Professor Edward Cubberly of Stanford,
Miss Eliza D. Keith, and Dr. H. Martin.^ j
It will take a snail fourteen days and
five hours to travel a mile.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rupture Is Curable.
Startling Assertion by a Well
Known New Yorker.
Cites the Case of Wm. A. Berry as
Absolute Evidence.
Dr. W. S. Rice of 41SH Main street, Adams,
N. V., says that any kind of rupture can be
cured at the patient's home without the slight-
est pain, danger, operation or detention from
MR. WM. A. BERRY. Bristol. N. H.
daily work. He gives the names and addresses
of several hundred prominent people whom he
has cured, one of which, William A. Berry of
Bristol, N. H., will serve to show the work-
ings .of this wonderful plan. Dr. Rice has
devised a new system that holds any rupture,
no matter how large it is, and at the same
time causes the ruptural opening to grow to-
gether and become solid flesh and muscle. He
explains the system fully in a book which he
mails free to all who write. Mr. Berry is a
business man and well known manufacturer
of Bristol and had a difficult rupture, for
which he had tried electricity, spring and
other kinds of trusses, belts and various treat-
ments without benefit.
He had .been told by all who fitted trusses
that he could not be cured and that a surgical
operation, while not a certainty but extremely
dangerous, was the nearest approach to a
cure. As Mr. Berry had already paid out over
a hundred dollars for treatment without the
slightest benefit he was somewhat discouraged
against trying the new Rice method, but final-
ly summoned sufficient courage to make one
more effort. Mr. Berry says of the cure. "It
is complete; the severed muscles are securely
healed. It is eighteen months since I stopped
treatment and not a sign of rupture have I
had since notwithstanding the fact that I have
done all kinds of work with impunity"—
experience will undoubtedly Interest everyone
who is ruptured, and readers should write to
Dr. Rice for his free book. Write to-day and
investigate this' method that assures a com-
plete and permanent cure of any kind of
rupture.
UnniltJ'Q FOR EITHER SEX
_._. PnllW QThig remedy being in-
. tjected directly to the
G" dßfe seat of those diseases
0 "* H ■ of the Genito-Urinary
•Af BRI "Organs, requires no
o*3 I fa change of diet. Cure
-i -'■Kg* gnaranteed in Ito 3
' ' idays. Small plain pack -
_HB "*__r_ .C* a *S*°- hy mail, SI.OO.
%# **» _£&___□ Sold oaly by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sola Agents.
214 Kearny St.. San Francisco. Cal.
t Visit DR. JORDAN'S Gront
£&» Museum of Anatomy
IPfivV lCsl__m_.TS_._et.____ 7i_, 3.F.C_L
! B iJL ■ __« Largest of ill kind la the World.
I_*W%\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' lk«V^*J( A_ Con.alt-tio- free. Write for lieok .
\\ | Philosophy of Marriage.
I •*■ ■ uailcb net, "17
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ggßZm\\WmmmmlSßXmWßttmVMsWEMßttßm*mms*~,^am
Our Show
Windows
Display the Styles
that will be Worn
this Season!
*^.d_-S3w3S_?
This Is One fi^^^m
of Them— / f^^^i
$Q.OO Ji!!
•m\m\\WHk
Ladies' Fine French Kid Black Shoes,
such as shown • above, with black cloth
lace tops, latest style coin toes and patent
leather tips, genuine LXV f\r\
French heels, at CPJ.W
52 other styles in French kid Titan calf
patent leather, enamel and tan or choco-
late kid shoes, hand-turned soles and
hard - welted soles, with £3 f\g\
stitched edges, for J.VW
_____-_-__-----———-———-—-——-—- ~^N.
AH the Best
Makes of Men's
Fine Shoes
ESPECIALLY our Popular - Priced
Men's $3.50 Shoes, in 37 different styles,
black vici kid, box calf enamel and patent
leather, tan or choco'ate vici kid and
Russian calf lace shoes, in -jo ZZfa
all the latest toes yp3.3\J
7 •
SEND FOR SPECIAL PRICE LIST.
MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY.
NOLAN BROS.
I' 812-814 Market St.,
. PHELAN BUILDING. SAN FRANCISCO.
ffi^E-5----------^EgSI------------iß__g
AUCTION
BY
YON RHEIN & GO,,
THURSDAY, MARCH 23d,
At 12 m. sharp.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
Mission, near-Third; Rents $6T.
20x80—679 Mission, near Third; store and
dwelling; rents greatly reduced now; new
buildings containing 1000 rooms within halt
block of this property.
Hayes "St. — Corner 50-Vara.
137:6x137:6 — NE. cor. Hayes and Lyon; as a
whole or in 6 lots; both streets accepted: 2
blocks from Park entrance; every lot sunny.
Geary St. Corner ; rents $36.
25x92— SE. cor. Geary and Broderick; 2295
Geary and 1316-1320 Broderick; three 2-story
dwellings.
Harrison St. Business Corner.
30x70 — cor. Harrison and Dore, SW. of
Ninth St.; both streets accepted; must be sold
to close an estate.
Commercial, near Front ;' Brick Building.
25x60—311 Commercial st.. near Front; 2-story
brick building; suitable for manufacturing or
wholesale business.
[ ..-;-. Sunny Beit Mission Corner.
65x117:6— 5W. cor. Church and Twenty-third;
will be sold ln one or two lots; this Is tho
fashionable part of the Mission.
6th st.. through to Morris ov.; rents $74.
50x85—425-427 Sixth St., north of Bryant; two
7-room houses; brick foundation; rents $50;
electric road and R. R. depot will soon be on
Sixth st.
25x75 — 44-46 Morris aye. ; double house of 7
rooms each; rents $24.
16th St. Business Corner: rents $50.
21:9x80—3121 Sixteenth St.. SW. cor. of Al-
bion, west of Valencia; occupied by the same
tenant for a number of years.
Bryant St. — House and Large Stable.
50x80— Bryant. 555-557. between Third and
Fourth*; 8- room house and stable for 10 horses;
well 100 feet deep; adapted for dwelling or
manufacturing.
Tw > Florida St. Lots Cheap.
Each 25x100—2 lots on E. line of Florida,
north of Eighteenth; adjoining Union Brewery.
Excelsior Homestead. Corner 10 Lot".
800x100— North cor. of Persia aye. and Mos-
cow; can be sold as a whole or ln 12 lots; to
close an estate. 7." ■'
— . .
PGn cro o o o o o o o o era o o a
Z"' PALACE «•".
ZCRAND HOTELma
0 &AH PRAIICrSOO.
J Connected by a covered passageway. *■
D 1400 Room-— 9OO With Bath Attached. **
gill Under One Management. 0
to i;o__ THE PSICES; Q
2T European Plan. Bl.oo per day and npward ~
V American P!_n.st**.tlO per day and upward o*l
ft Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOSH 0. sUiXKfATiIICK, &-__ge«. -
SjO OQcaooaoQ-oo a a
Sano-Rioi!!
3 w i I ID - &€l© ss ■sss
THE HOWIE REMEDY iSLTK**!
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS I *^..?*?.
wr<Mig. Fcr all these pains, irregnUrities and difficulties Co
remedy od earth &o n n D irk Easily applied by lady he--
equa's '...•» fatr.ousw»**l»U*tvlU self. Relieves all pais.
Bin Ai'oiiib or Ovaries in 10 minute*.
Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
Bladder Troubles, Faintness, Nervousness, Fear
and Despondency. Cure* l*'icorrhrea, Wor..j
Complaints, Displacements, Backache, B?s. lag
Down Pains and all Female Disorders, stiffa*.
Ran'fthca Soreness and Ulcerations
Cheers the spirits and "VlU»'l_e»EPJ_"_l
the whole frame. Sale, Kure bnd nftf
Absolutely Harmless. One 50 tint bos will ■■-*
complete a cure in ordinary cases.
•*?Ti\P^ £1 I PAIMi so:LI> BY ■**•*• BRU6GISTB.
"Iwiw " '" IHI" I or mailed in, plain wrapper on receipt
IN I U MiNuTF.O|Thol>erfMtoCo.Caxt«Bßlde.Chl_wa
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
ij_B Chichester's £nsl!sh Diamond Brand. -
fENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
W _r"*_it-V Original and Only Genuine. A
j- jfft^vK -»re, always reliable. _a_iE_ aik Aja\
fitJl -*-Wtt Druggist for Chichester s English Cj-«fk_
I«U_?s_fe«j.'n»n_1 «U_?5_fe«j.'n»n_ Brand ln Ked aud Gold metallic\\Br
_*_ '-^fi*s3' >oles . acaled"with blue ribbon. Take
' W 39<^ Mfvlno other. Refuse dangerous substitw V
""/ ~ At lions and imitations. At Druggists, or send 4a
W vjf ln stamps for particulars, testimonials an.
V 19* l_> " K*li«f Tar Ladles." tn letter, by ret _ra
_Jv if Mall. 10,000 Testimonials. /Tonus Paper.
_ > "—^* I C-b-'iester Chemical Cc.M ndlsoa ssra.
__U »T all Local Urngglata. PHIL . _ t»A.. A*,?
DKMCNULTY.
"T-HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLEOLD
A JSpeciiilist currs Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men.free. Over '-0 y'rs* experience.
Patients Home. Terms reasonable Bours9
to3daliy;6.3otoB:3o ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE McSILTY, OT.©.
«C' 2 Kearny St., Sau Franciaeo. CaLALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CLOSING HAYS
OF THE BRANDES
MURDER TRIAL
Accused Suspected
His Wife.
HIS TESTIMONY CONCLUDED
PROSECUTION THINKS BRANDES
HAS BEEN CORNERED.
The Trunk With Which He Accounts
for the Noises Could Not Have
Been Drawn Down the
Stairway.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March IS.
"William A. Brandes. charged with the
murder of his little daughter, has been
evidently cornered by the shrewd prose
cution. He was again on the witness
stand to-day in his own behalf and made
extravagant use of his forgetfulness and
refused to answer vital and material
Questions on cross-examination.
Both he and the woman who is accused
with him have' testified that the noises
which neighbors had heard on the night
-Lillian is alleged to have been terribly
beaten were caused not by blows and the
hurling of* Lillian's body against the
walls but were made "while Brandes was
drawing the girl's trunk downstairs into
the basement. Both have declared that
this trunk is longer and wider than the
stenographer's desk in front of them.
Now the prosecution proposes to show
that the trunk could not have been taken
down the stairs, as it is wider than the
hallway.
Brandes to-day admitted that he was a
•\swearing and cursing man," but he de
nied that he swore at Lillian on this oc
casion. "I was swearing at Mrs. Brandes
"and the boy at that time," said .mess.
Deputy District Attorney Melvin here
confused Brandes.
"Why, I thoueht you had already told
us that Mrs.- Brandes was in the parlor
■with Mrs. Godfrey?" said Melvin. inquir
ir.glv. Witness assented, and replied:
"Yes. but I mean I was cursing to my
self. I frequently did this."
Brandes denied that he asked Herschell
McDonald, a Berkeley newspaper re
.porter, to "be easy on him in his write
' tip." In fact, he didn't remember Mc-
Donald. In brief, Brandes denied every
statement that the prosecution has shown
him to have made subsequent to the al
leged murder.
Continuiner. he said that he never sus
pected Lillian had taken the missing 515.
"Whom did you -suspect?" inquired
Juror Furry.
•The reply proved a stunner.
"1 «uspected my wife," said Brandes.
•*i was very reckless about laying money
down, and she had taken it before."
Attorney Melvin here again thought he
saw- an opportunity to clear up the re
lations existing between the two accused
murderers. He asked:
"Is Mrs. Etta Brandes your wife.
Witness cringed in his chair and looked
at his attorneys, one of whom, Sawyer,
vigorously objected. _
"This is misconduct upon the part of
the restrict Attorney." said Sawyer, "for i
he knows well what the answer would be
and this man is on trial for murder."
A lone argument followed and Judge
Ha.i again advised witness that if the
answer, to the last question should tend j
to degrade hint he need not respond,
whereupon Brandes, regaining his com
posure, said he did not wish to answer it
then.
"And," continued Brandes, now recall
ing his slip of the tongue, "I wish to cor
rect what I said a few moments ago. I
said 'my wife;' I meant to say 'Mrs.
Brandes.' "
Brandes was next shown the photo
graphs of his dead daughter and declared
they did not resemble her, as there were
more bruises depicted than he. had seen
on her face.
"Isn't it a fact that the mark, on the
forehead was made when you struck your
daughter with a piece of hose?" asked
■ Mr. Melvin sharply.
Witness quickly responded negatively
and denied that there had been a piece
of hose about the house at the time.
"Isn't that piece of hose now in the
possession of your attorneys?" inquiring
ly continued Melvin. "Witness again "did
riot know."
This practically ' ended Brandes* trying
ordeal and the trial was continued until
next Tuesday, at which time, the defense
* announces, it will introduce but one or
two more witnesses.- The prosecution will
thereafter put in its rebuttal-
BARNEY VINDICATED.
No Cause to Remove Him From the
Receivership.
OAKLAXD, March 13.— The petition of
E. C. Sessions for the removal of A. S.
Barney as receiver of the Highland Park
and Fruitvale Railway Company came
up for hearing before Judge Ogden's de
partment of the Superior Court yesterday
morning. Mr. Sessions was the only wit
ness who appeared against the receiver.
After a lengthy hearing the court de
cided that upon the evidence no act of
Mr. Barney during his administration
of the affairs of the company made him
subject to criticism, much less was there
any cause shown for his removal.
Mr. Sessions' attorney asked leave to
dismiss his application, which was grant
ed. The outcome of this matter is that
Mr. Barney is exonerated from all the
charges made against him 'by Mr. Ses
sions.
Death at Breakfast Table.
OAKLAND, March Mrs. Caroline C.
Butler died suddenly yesterday at the
home of Captain Roberts in San Lor
enzo, where she was a guest. The family
were in the act of arising* from the break
fast table when Mrs. Butler, who was
rather corpulent, fell to the floor dead.
Decedent was 80 years of age.
ADV___RTISEI__ENTS,
ir_»__ratr
"77"
Dr. Humphreys' Famous Specific
For Grip, Influenza and Stubborn
CO LD S
Like a Warm Blanket.
The piercing winds of March have no
. terrors for those who carry and take
"77." Neither flannels, woolens nor
heavy clothing shut out the cold like
"77"— it Is like a warm blanket.
"77" breaks up Colds that hang on.
Knocks out the Grip. Stops Lingering
Coughs, Checks Influenza. Soothes the j
Throat, Chest and Lungs.
At druggist* or cent prepaid; 25c. 50c and $1.
DB. HUMPHREYS' BOOK SENT FREE.
Humphreys Med. Co., cor. William and John
•ts., New York. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'.
LEFT HOME
TO FOLLOW A
BANDIT'S LIFE
Two Schoolboys in
Serious Trouble.
ONE LANDS IN A PRISON CELL
ALWAYS SUPPOSED TO BE
GOOD BOYS.
Samuel Stewart and Jack McChesney
Start on an Industrious Ca
reer of Crime Which
Promised Well.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
90S Broadway. March IS.
Samuel Stewart, 14 years old, and Jack
McChesney, a year his senior, are not
the good little boys that their parents and
acquaintances thought. Nearly three
weeks ago these two schoolboys left their
homes, and enough facts were discovered
to show that their sudden departure was
premeditated. The lad? were of a roman
tic turn of mind and had been well
brought up. The police and the Children's
Society were notified of the lads' depart
ure, but were unable to learn anything
until this morning, when a dispatch from
Woodland stated that McChesney is in
jail for stealing a shotgun and Stewart
had made his escape from the Constable.
This happened last Sunday, but the ar- j
rest was not made till Wednesday, when !
the boys were put off a freight train at
Davisville. McChesney was taken before j
the Justice, pleaded guilty and was held I
to answer before the Superior Court on a
charge of burglary. The Stewart boy is
supposed to be beating his way back to i
this city.
The two lads after leaving home, ac
cording to the Davisville Constable, start
ed on a tour of crime, and when arrested
were evidently preparing to arm them
selves for the purpose of self-protection. j
Some ammunition and provisions were
stolen from the farm of Charles Cufts.
between Sacramento and Davisville. and
on the same day a cabin at Sheep Camp .
was robbed of provisions. Last Sunday
they stole a shotgun from A. Fissel, near
Davisville, and they were beating their
way toward Oakland on a freight train
when they were arrested. The Stewart
boy got away from the Constable and hid
in the willows near the Putah Canal.
The news of the boys' adventures was a
great surprise to those who were seeking
for them. They had never run away be
fore and both have enjoyed good reputa
tions. An investigation by the detectives
revealed the fact that one of the lads fre
quently stayed away from home till very
late in the night, but no suspicion appears
to have been attached to his behavior. The
Stewarts have only lived in this country
for a few months, and as soon as they ar
rived their boy made some acquaintances,
the evil effect of which is now apparent.
Beckwith Held to Answer.
OAKLAXD, March IS.— Leslie Beck
with, the 17-year-old boy of numerous !
aliases, charged with grand larceny, was \
held to answer before the Superior Court j
to-day. He Is charged with, having hired
a. horse and buggy from Herman Bros.,
in this city, and disposing of it to a San (
Francisco firm. Police Judge Smith fixed ,
his bail in the sum of $1000. •
EXPERT TELEGRAPHER
PASSES TO HIS REST
FREDERICK G. DICKINSON, a Prominent Elec
trician of the Coast, Dies in This City
From La Grippe.
m\ "T^REDERICK G. DICKINSON, who for the past eight years has held the g
♦ H position of wire chief of the Western Union Telegraph Company, died a
•* I Friday afternoon of la grippe, which disease he contracted over three iS
♦ "T months ago. Mr. Dickinson was one of the best known gentlemen ever ♦
1 V connected with the telegraph companies in this city, and his death will be "£
i_* felt ' keenly by the host of friends he made during his residence here. # .
♦* Decedent began his career as a telegraph operator in the East. His value a
' *8 was soon recognized, and he was transferred to Chicago, where he held a re- 28
! ♦ sponsible position for several years. In 18S4 he was sent by the Western ♦
1•S Union Company to the coast and has been here since that time. Ranking SS
• ♦ among the most expert electricians in the country, he was appointed wire ♦
'-3 chief of the Western Union Company eight years ago and held that posi- 23
i ♦ tion up to the time of his death. His duties, while holding this position, ♦
'• 88 were to test the wires, locate any interruptions which might occur and or- .*
♦ der the same to be repaired. The thorough work he did was greatly appre- ♦
28 ciated by his employers, who frequently complimented and rewarded him 28
A for his services."- *'-*.'• 77.7--' . **",
**? Mr. Dickinson had no equal in ability to sit by the ringside and click ofT •jf
[ « a vivid account of a prize fight. At the Corbett-Fltzslmmons contest at Car- J
a son he won much commendation from newspaper men and admirers of box- +
28 ing for his clever extemporaneous account of the contest- While the fight was 28
♦ in progress he ticked off the movements of the contestants, and his account ♦
it was published throughout the. United States. 48
♦ As an electrician and operator he had no equal on the coast. He was *
_f born in Canada In ISO, being 'in his thirty-eighth year at the time of his 9
_• death. The funeral services will be held to-day at Santa Cruz, where a broth- o.
*♦ er and sister reside. ♦
•_! ■:■-.-?- / -.-. ...,-. * - t 2*
»*K^SS+S3+S3+ S3 *♦ S* -♦■ SS ■+t*+-&+t2+B+ S3 +&+s+% ♦«♦ S3 ♦ S3 ♦ 88 ♦__♦$•♦!,♦! .♦■*_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA_LI_, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
PARKS WERE
FAVORED IN
THE ELECTION
Submission of Propo
sitions Probable.
FAVORED BY THE MAYOR
MR. SNOW WAS ONE OF THE
'prime MOVERS.
The Municipal League Platform of
Progress Will Undoubtedly Be
Carried Out by the Incom
ing Government.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March IS.
The result of the municipal election is
taken as an indorsement of the project to
obtain public parks for Oakland. The
platform of the Municipal League and of
the Republican party contains a plank fa
voring parks if the same can be obtained
without drawing the city into some
scheme of real estate men, and the ad
ministration-elect will no doubt proceed
to carry out its platform.
Mayor-elect Snow was one of the orig
inal committee of three to advocate parks,
his confreres being Rev. Dr. J. K. McLean
and John A. Britton. Mr. Snow worked
enthusiastically for many months, and his
large majority can mean nothing but an
indorsement of his plans. After the fail
ure of the measure at the special election
held last summer it was generally be
lieved that a little more campaigning
would have resulted in the passage of the
plan calling for $3*20,000 of a bond issue
to purchase the Adams Point property
and institute marked improvements in
East, West and North Oakland. That
this idea was justified was apparent dur
ing the recent campaign, for all quarters
of town were opposed to introducing op
position to the park project as an issue in
the campaign. •
Mr. Snow is an enthusiastic promoter of
this improvement, and he is now in a po
sition where his advocacy of the measure
will of necessity have great weight. Dur
ing the last park agitation he compiled
figures showing how lightly the burden
would fall upon the average taxpayer,
and it is known that he is still of the same
mind.
About three months before the recent
election an effort was made to secure an
other special election on the bond issue,
but the coming of the municipal campaign
caused it to be allowed to lapse. This was
partly because of a desire to test public
feeling on the question by its choice of
city officials. This has been done, and
now nothing remains but to take up the
question and submit it at a special elec
tion, which will doubtless be held this
summer. _____________________
Liked Her Toddy Too Well.
OAKLAND, March IS.— Mrs. Robert J.
Wright's fondness for the flowing bowl
is given in her husband's divorce com
plaint as the cause of the breaking up
of their erstwhile happy home.
According to the deposition of Samuel
Ballentine the couple were married in
Philadelphia eight years ago. After a
few brief months of married bliss Mrs.
Wright developed an appetite for strong
drink. Soon this taste grew into habit,
and finally she became a confirmed slave
to its deceptive influences, and within six
months after the marriage she began
having regular sprees, until It be
came unbearable for plaintiff and hence
the divorce suit.
DINGEE ANSWERS STANLEY.
Denies the Latter's Charges of Ma-
nip .dating Water Stock to His
Disadvantage.
OAKLAND, March IS.— W. J. Dingee
filed an answer this afternoon in the suit
instituted by James Stanley against Mr.
Dingee, Frank Moffitt and the Livermore
Water and Power Company. It is to test
the ownership of 200 shares of capital
stock and bonds in the latter corporation.
Mr. Dingee avers the 200 shares which
plaintiff alleges were deposited with him
were in reality purchased by him for
$90,000 and that Stanley at present has no
interest, right or title in the same. He
asks the court to so decree. The Liver
more "Water and Power Company has
filed a similar answer also, denying Stan
ley's allegations.
Mr. Stanley, in his complaint filed some
weeks ago, claimed he had deposited with
defendants the 200 shares involved in the
suit and that it had been agreed that he
should get 10 per cent of all profits from
the sale of the shares; that Dingee and
Moffitt secured the issue of 200 bonds on
the strength of his shares and from the
sale of 100 of these bonds they received
$50,000, of which amount only $25,000 was
applied to debts of the corporation, the
other $25,000 being divided between Dingee
and Moffitt. He now seeks to recover
$2500, the 10 per cent profit from the sale
of bonds, and also asks that his 200 shares
be reconveyed to him.
DARING BURGLARS CAUGHT.
Vehicle in Which They Were Taking
Their Plunder Away Broke Down.
OAKLAND, March IS.— breaking of
a buggy axle beneath the heavy burden
of their plunder led to the unexpected
capture of two bold thieves to-night.
While the night-watch at the railroad
yards was off guard, shortly after 9
o'clock this evening, William Connelly
and a companion named Halpin, both
aged IS, drove fn a buggy to one of the
PRESCOTT L. ARCHIBALD, Grand Dictator of the Knights
of Honor.
sheds and loaded their vehicle with about I
700 pounds of brass bearings and drove '
off again.
When they reached Fifth and Brush
streets the front axle of their buggy [
broke under the strain. Officer Andrews
investigated and identified the brass as ■
belonging to the Southern Pacific Com- I
pany. The patrol wagon was called and
the stolen metal and its possessors were j
taken to the City Prison, where the young
men were registered on the small book.
They will be charged with grand larceny
or burglary. The prisoners had hired I
their buggy at French's stables on Broad- i
way, near Fifth street, and it is presumed
had already bargained with a junk man
for a profitable disposition of their booty. ■■
Will Appeal Her Case.
OAKLAND, March IS.— "Judgment in
favor of plaintiff in the sum of 50 cents,
without costs." So reads an entry made
by ex- Justice of the Peace Clift on Jan
uary 11, 1838. in the suit of Bertha Bos
chau versus Charles Jackson. To-day
the fair plaintiff filed the necessary pa
pers in an appeal from what she consid
ers a very inferior court, forsooth, to the
Superior Court of Alameda County. She
threatens if her hopes of justice are not
realized she will go with her case to the
highest tribunal where justice is doled
out in this State.
Bertha sued Charles Jackson in the Jus
tice's Court two days, after Christmas of
1596 for the recovery of $12 50 for money
borrowed and $12 for board and lodging.
The case hung fire for months and
months, until it was finally tried and de
cided, and then it hung fire some more.
The preponderance of evidence was In
favor of the alleged delinquent boarder.
Still, he offered to allow judgment for $5
to be taken against him. * Plaintiff scorned
the proferred generosity and asked that
judgment be no longer delayed. Judg
ment came in the sum of 50 cents.
A Noted Evangelist.
OAKLAND, March IS.— Rev. R. C.
Tjader, i the colaborer of Prince Berna
dotte of Sweden, the royal evangelist, is
visiting Mr. Moody here. He will speak
at the First Methodist Church Sunday
evening. Professor Towner will sing at
the service. ** r y : y.y-. ;J: ■
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. March IS.— Dr. J. T. Kitch
ings, member of the Health Board,
sustained a broken ankle this morning
as a result of a runaway at Seventh and
Center streets while he was on his rounds
to his patients. His buggy was demol
ished. ■ '-' ■•■-
In the suit of W. H. Knight against W.
G. Tripp for the recovery of $4240 on two
promissory notes. Judge Greene this
morning gave judgment for plaintiff.
A deed was placed on record to-da—
whereby the Pacific Iron and Nail Com
pany conveys to the Balfour-Guthrie In
vestment Company the old nail works
property on Market street, south of First.
The consideration is given as $15,000.
Kate Dearborn has applied to be ap-,
pointed guardian of her two minor chil
dren, "Walter W. and Ruth A. Dearborn,
who are entitled to a one-third interest
in a $4000 life insurance policy.
Albert G. Heunish of Fruitvale was ex
amined for insanity to-day, and Judge
Greene committed the unfortunate young
man to Agnews. '
Judge Ellsworth declined to commit
Mrs. Augustine Hartman to an insane
asylum to-day, and allowed her to be
taken to her home in Alameda, where her
husband Is in the boat-renting business.
M. W. Wilkins, editor of the official or
gan of the Socialist Labor party of Cali
fornia will address the Oakland section
of that party Sunday evening at Grand
Army Hall. _
A Fat Prize for Debaters.
BERKELEY, March James Mof
fitt. of the firm of Blake, Moffitt &
Towne of San Francisco, has offered a
prize of $200, to be divided among the
winning team in the coming intercollegi
ate debate between representatives of
Stanford University ami the University
of California. This reward will take the
place of the prize that has been given
annually for a number of years by Sen
ator Perkins. Recorder Sutton to-day re
ceived word from Mr. Moffitt, and the
news was hailed with pleasure, as it was
believed by the students that no one
would carry out the plan so generously
begun by Senator Perkins, yy y
THE KNIGHTS
OF HONOR IN
GRAND LODGE
Third Biennial Session
in the Alcazar.
■ -'
WIDOWS AND ORPHANS AIDED
HELP EXTENDED TO THE SICK
AND DISTRESSED.
Lodges and Members in California.
Secretary of State Curry Wants
to Continue as Supreme
Representative.
The Grand Lodge of California,
Knights of Honor, will convene next
Tuesday In the Alcazar building at 10
o'clock in the forenoon, in second biennial
session, and will remain in fession two
days.
This order was organized on the 30th of
June, 1573, by the institution in Louisville,
Ky., of Golden Lodge No. 1, with seven
teen charter members, and is incorpor- j
ated under the laws of Missouri, with
headquarters at St. Louis. It has now a
membership of 83,000 and has since its or
ganization paid in beneflts to widows and
orphans of 33,731 deceased members the
sum of $66,000,000 and ha 3 disbursed in
that time for the relief of its sick and dis
tressed members more than $11,000,000.
In California at this time there are
fifty-six lodges, with an aggregate mem
bership of a little in excess of 3090. Twen
ty-four of these lodges, with a total mem
bership of 1800, are located in San Fran
cisco. The net increase during the past
two years in membership has been 496.
and during that time five new lodges were
instituted. .
The following named are grand officers of
the order In this State: A. H. Volgt, past dic
tator; Prescott L. Archibald, dictator; W. J.
Thomson, vice dictator: Thomas Learned, as
sistnat dictator; F. William Zehfuss. treas
urer; Thomas Johnstone, reporter; John L.
Orr, chaplain; Fred p.aabe, guide: H. L. Far
rier, guardian: W. S. Lane, sentinel; George
W. Lemont, Scott Elder, E. F. Joy, trustees:
Charles F. Curry and John W. Rourke. su
preme representatives: C, A. Garthorne and W.
W. M-. rrlson. supreme alternates.
The representatives to the grand body
from the several counties named and
lodges In such counties are the following:
Alameda— Center Lodge of Berkeley, A. Al
burtls: Clinton of Oakland. D. F. HotMrt; Gar
den City of Alameda, G. R. Miller: Golden
State of Oakland, J. L. Pereau; Tahoe of
Berkeley, S. A. Penwell.
Butte— Butte Lodge of Oroville. E. A. Kusei;
Victory of Chico, F. W. Walter.
Colusa— Colusa Lodge of Colusa, O. Robin
son.
Contra Costa— Carrjulhez Lodge of Crockett.
Frances George.
Fresno— Fresno Lodge of Fresno, A. C.
Los Angeles— Angeles Lodge of Los An
geles, Willis Parris.
Merced— Columbia Lodge of Merced. W. E.
L.i in 1 ram.
Monterey— C. H. M. Curry Lodge of Monterey,
Joseph Schulte.
.-Napa Lodge of Napa, H. M. Grigsby.
la— Alpha Lodge of Grass Valley, George
A Wannamakerj Mlzpah of North San Juan,
Thomas Evans. ,
— California Lodge of Sacramento,
H. K. McLennan, and Unity Lodge of same
place, A. Phelps.
San Diego— San Diego Lodge of San Diego,
F- P. Bruner.
San Francisco— Anchor Lodge. Dr. H. M.
Beck; Charter Oak. Doran Nichols; Confidence,
H. J. Lask; American Eagle, J. S. W. Saun
ders; Eureka, A. Carl: Far West. John Plain;
Fidelity, T. S. Hotchklss; Friendship. F. A.
Meyer; Fortuna, Charles A. Garthorne; Ger
manla, Charles I__B_pe; Ivy, .Tames Hansen;
Keystone, C. H. Holcomh; Liberty. Ben I.
Salomon; Leland Stanford, A. Morris: Nor
m.in, Jacob Gar.?. Occidental. J. F. Brown;
Polar Star, Philip Prior; San Francisco, R. A.
Lindsay; Saxon, W. P. Archibald: Tancred,
David Brown; Union, George- Walcom; Yerba
l uena, A. M. McPherson; Yost-mite. C. B.
White.
San Joaquin— Lodge of Stockton, S.
B. Coates.
- Santa Clara San Jose Lodge of San Jose, H.
Rich.
Santa .Cruz— Cruz Lodge of Santa Cruz,
I.- L. Blaisdell; Security of Watsonville. S. W.
Cofl'man.
Solano— Alta Lodge of Vallejo, A. L. Hatha
way; Suisun of Suisun. Paul Meyers.
Sonoma— Petaluma Lodge of Petaluma. W.
A. T. Strati Healdsburg of Healdsburg.
George Walcott; Santa Rosa of Santa Rosa,
C. A. Hotter.
Stanislaus— West Side Lodge of Newman,
Henry Klehn: Banner of Modesto. J. S. Alex
s,rn<-T.
Yuba— Marysville Lodge of Marysville, John
Ruff. . ■ vy ■'..
For the principal offices it appears that
there will not be any contest, and these
are the office of grand dictator, now held
by P. L. Archibald, and that of reporter,
held by Thomas Johnstone; Both of these
officials have given so much satisfaction
that the indications are both will be re
elected. There will be considerable com
petition for the office of representatives
to the Supreme Lodge. Charles F. Curry,
t{ie Secretary of State, would like to suc
ceed himself, as would also John W.
Rourke, the other incumbent; but it is
stated that half a dozen candidates may
be presented to the Grand Lodge. ;.;•
On the night of Tuesday the officers of
and the representatives to the grand body
will be the guests of the Past Dictators'
Association at a banquet to be given in
their honor.
Acted Their Parts in French.
BERKELEY. March 13.— The French
classes of the Berkeley High School gave
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'
. n ■ <P-Ms_-»JP-_s__P____--._i^-Mlll I-JLIJ-LHL ■ Jii'Lli"LJ
I W*m m\ m WmW _____■ I B___j E__lal B_f A«__l____lf lIm IBFJBii ■__Akil
I■H *M *__l *____■"■ ?H _n ■____! Ml HI *-____i ii ?■ zBiH '___9 fj I i ll
I -LB mm IH ftlß BUS _N ______■ __■ IHI-i Mw ll_ml Evlsl
"CALTHOS"
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail To All Sufferers.
_^j__-_ NO c ' °- D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
I___«r^&^^^i^l?i^ The only preparation known to science which really
____$&__£__S ,*-_5'V cures Lost' Manhood is' " CALTHOS," the marvelous
___-_&*s» -tf^ll I JK^^^K. French remedy discovered by Prof. Jules Laborde. It is
Mg^^*few*fe|S^_§M fly **_. controlled in this country by The Yon Mohl Company, of
S^_l____W-?^______i9 v "*^"'s J- Cincinnati, Ohio, a concern which occupies a high and
ls_Sreßc_fe^_^__e^ A _ -J^r honorable place in the world of medicine. It is one of the
HB!!v-':''?:rKi#S_HJr P ' *V^ largest ana most responsible houses in Cincinnati, as
■P^^^7^!tit3J»*^^^ J anyone who is acquainted in that city will testify.
•'■••.. ■■.':■:■■:•'£& The Yon Mohl Company invites all men suffering
JK?***.*-«^»'"i;r j{- j } ii from Lost Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varicocele. Small
&&:k%&v!f ASi. II ****__ Parts or Weakness of any nature in the Nerves or Sexual
m':''\-i : -rs:£f J_|^*^y/, .if* Organs, to send their names and receive a five days* treat-
: iiv-M:)if /ypfysS) //1111 ment. This will prove the wonderful vitalizing powers
Kff&V-fcy ff^y^^g-/// 111 of " CALTHOS." After using it five days the sufferers
£•*s&£s''•) ('-■j^i^^//7 i ill I * tv ' ll fi Q d new vigor in their organs, new force in their
B___^v : vvl W_r_^_^_*^/ ii V \ muscles, new blood in their veins, new ambition, and
||BHfctfEa f_SCi_s__^ ;^_ / l 1 rapid progress toward the buoyant feelings and sensa-
"^Ulil^^S. vWlt\ \ nil tions of younger days.
' SR-K*"^*. W .1 i 111 I This liberal free offer is genuine. There is no swind-
__B_?v--"?*.\ W \\ 1/7 11 I ling CO. D^or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The five
_^tf*JH»£\ \ V // \I I days' treatment is sent by sealed mail to all on request,
1 KfgS Vy ' I i 1) I wrapped in a plain package, and full printed instructions
S_Tlo^ ; - :: ' :^slS«_*«^ l■! V \ accompany the medicine, so that each patient becomes
_fiN*-^':--^'*a\il i" lA\\\\ his own doctor and cures himself at home.
__M_^^§__l \ \V It doesn't make any difference what caused the weak*
£_t^£&-&3-*f fr=g -**-} ness— whether bad habits in youth, or excess, or over-
K^?aS-„-?W** "fiiy \ work, or business troubles. "CALTHOS" will effect a
S* *'7:v.-JH tj : \ \ cure, no matter what big name the disease may be called
mm\\m\yX-y.Sm\ Jm^K I i The Yon Mohl Company treats all correspondence ia
_«-^^'* , " : §r^_S E&S&fa perfect confidence. Under no conditions will it make
_____v'"'* :^__| JKigf' : '-l I public the names of the thousands who have written tes-
m\Wyyva\m%W ' yj^^c-w 1 -*. , } timonials telling of their restoration to robust manhood
aftfZ'vvv-Wm *_____! _^3 '/ after other medicines and appliances have proved worth-
- - ••■ V 7*» I / BBy A less. "CALTHOS" is regularly used in the French and
m 9'' : '-''--'mtk KS^ 7 fl German armies, and the soldiers in those countries have
BS£«__^^H l^M [ pA come to be perfect models of strength and vitality. Cures
*»_■'•: JW 9/ A** are effected at all ages from twenty to eighty years. There
IK--'- ; '-*wl mn/ A^'*-1 is no case except where the stage of epilepsy or insanity
-f^^*_^__El &mw ( tf':\ has been reached* which it will not radically, quickly and
By _*38____ BpUIL \ *;-^V permanently cure. Sexual weakness does not cure itself.
t£^^__M-£-| p*K V __^^j=S*w. I! - S l " o **** worse from week to week. Each day aggravates
t&gEli J \ \ j^M-g-^'g^ the mental and physical anguish.
■**• ir Vu'V*. a * Send today for the free five days' trial treatment. If it
> '"' J helps you, more of the medicine can be purchased. If.it
does not Help, no harm is done and no money has been paid out. You can send your name in
the full knowledge that it will be kept from all. The " CALTHOS " department of our business
is strictly confidential. Address applications for trial treatment, etc., to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY, 224 B, Cincinnati, 0. ! __4__^ffi-^i3!t_d s a t_S_
an excellent rendering of the second act
of Racine's "Athalie" in the school build
ing to-night. The pupils acted their parts
in French, under the direction of E. B.
I-amare. their French instructor. A num
ber of pupils chosen from the middle class
formed a chorus, with Miss M. Kennedy
as Salimith for leader.
The part of Athalie was taken during
the first half of the act by Miss Ida Juil
lerat. and during the second by Miss M.
Ward The rest of the cast was made up
as follows: Josabeth, Miss Carry John
son; Eliacin, Miss Laura Sleeper; Zacha
rie. Miss Elsie Kirk; Agar, Miss Janet
Mason; Abner. George Elliott; Nathan,
George Bingaman.
Shoemakers to Combine.
BERKELEY, March IS.— There is some
talk of a local shoemakers' union in this
city for the purpose of arranging upon a
fixed scale of prices. About twenty men
in the trade will meet with D. Baton on
Center street next Wednesday evening. An
effort is to be made then to bring the
present system of rate-cutting to an, end
If the plan works successfully the local
men will take steps toward organizing a
union to include the whole county.
CHEWED A POISONED CARROT.
H. Hansen Took a Dose Instead of a
Gopher.
ALAMEDA, March IS.— H. Hansen, a
gardener, whose home is at 1235 Twenty
fifth avenue. East Oakland, chewed a
carrot filled with strychnine this after
noon and nearly died from the effects of
the poison. He states he acted thought
lessly and had no intention of commit
ting suicide. ,
Hansen has been attending to several
Alameda gardens and was at work on
Pacific avenue, near Chestnut street,
when he was taken sick. The poisoned
carrot had been prepared to kill gophers,
and Hansen had it carefully wrapped up
in his lunch basket About 3 o'clock in
the afternoon he sat down to eat his meal.
The carrot was the first thing to attract
his attention, and he took it as an appe
tizer The poison worked rapidly, and in
a few moments the unfortunate man was
■writhing in- agony. _._»_», o^t
Dr Keys was summoned, ana after ad
ministering an antidote had Hansen re
moved to th- Oakland Receiving Hospi
tal, where Drs. Stratton and Horn and
Steward Borchert worked over rum for
some time before he gave signs of re
viving ->->r_
Church Anniversary.
ALAMEDA, March IS.— The twentieth
anniversary cf the establishment of the
First Congregational Church of this city
will be celebrated next Friday evening.
The occasion will be termed "a china
wedding." Prominent Congregational
clergyman from around the bay will
Sneak and Mrs. Eva Tenney and others
will sing. The programme of exercises
f Elections by an orchestra under the
direction of Dr. M. W. Brown; words of
welcome. Rev. George Morris; soprano
-Mo Mrs. Eva Tenney: greetings from
the church Rev. E. P. Dennett; trio.
"Aye Maria" (under the direction of Mrs.
Flelsner-Lewis). Miss Mabel Perkins.
Mis* Ethel Perkins. Miss Florence >,oung;
"The Church as One Household." Rev.
Mr Adams: "The Church and Her Fel
lowship/ Rev. Mr. Knodell; contralto
StoM-H Dolly Chapman; "The Church
and 'Her Masters." Professor Lloyd. '-The
Church and Her Future," Rev. J. K. Mc-
Lean. • _,
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. March is.— first annual
Alameda District Sunday-school conven
tion will be held next Friday at the First
M Ha^ h G r ardner and Miss Helen Herbst
were married this afternoon by Judge H.
P Morris. The young couple met while
the groom was a soldier boy stationed
at Camp Barrett. _ ... _-_.____»
General Robert- A. Fredeneh. Lnited
States District Attorney for Alaska, is
spending a vacation with his family at
2117 Buena Vista avenue.
Th*» Painters' and Paper-hangers' Asso
ciation of Alameda was formed last night.
The officers elected were: C. L. Metzger.
president; L. Vcgel. vice, president; Al
bert Toye, secretary; G. Townsend, treas-
L L. Schuler and Max Glas have been
elected to represent Alameda Parlor No.
41 _**.. S.G. W., as delegates to the Grand
Parlor. " *777___
BACON PLACE AFTERMATH.
Bobert C. Clapp Arrested for Using
Vulgar Language to Sec
retary Kane.
Robert C. Clapp, owner of houses on
Bacon place, was walking along the Lar
kin street corridor of the City Hall yes
terday morning with a friend. He passed
Secretary Kane of the Society for the
Suppression of Vice, who took an active
interest in the crusade against the women
on that thoroughfare. Just then Clapp
made a filthy remark and Kane wheeled
.round and. placing his hand on Clapp's
shoulder, asked: "Did you intend that
remark to apply to me?" Clapp said he
did and repeated it. Kane promptly
placed him under arrest for using vulgar
language.
Clapp was taken to the City Prison by
Kane and Special Officer Boden, where
the charge was registered, Kane wanted
to search Clapp, but Sergeant Wolfe in
terfered and in vigorous language told
him he was only a special officer and had
no right to search a. prisoner. There was
a warm exchange of words between Kane
and the sergeant, but Clapp was not
searched. He gave $20 cash bail for his
appearance in court to-morro^A He com
plained of being roughly treated by Kane
and Boden on his way to the prison.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 18.— Exchanges,
$178,6-1; balances, $14,160.
NORTHERN* WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. March IS.— Wheat—
Walla, 57!g58c; Valley. sS®s9c; Blue Stem, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash. March 18.— Wheat— Club.
56c; Blue Stem, 5-*@-0c .:_-,..';
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
: F Maytham, Palo Alto H Frank. Cincinnati
S Morgan. U S N a B Penmen!. Ohio
W II Hall, Butte ! F R Apr, Cleveland
I Bovsen. Sacto . J H Porter. Denver.
W A King, Texas . F M Lee. Reno
C A Williams, Jo_ itt- Mrs F M Lee, Reno
nesburg, South At I J B Fair. Chicago
I Baj-end. St Lake IR E Seats, Palo Alto
H H Yard, Philadel D McNeil. Brooklyn
L S Hills, St Lake j Mrs H G Stevenson,
Mips Hills, St Lake ! llenlo
E S Hills. St Lake C H Wood, N T
G Coblenz. NY ! R J Jackson. Suisun
Dr Montenegro, Ky I Mrs R J Jackson, Cal
H B Steel, Stanford ; B F Dunpby. Portid
W M Ebner, Alabama! J X Lanning. Boston
; F S Chapman. 11 ! C F Jackets, N V
S Kaiser, N V ! Mrs C F Jackels,
J •-ze'.d. Chicago ! R G McCracken, Stan-
W Wolfe, B C i ford
E D Deer, Victoria | Charley Butler, Cal
J W Catty, London j Mrs C Butler. Cal
Mrs C D Warren, Cfas ; J P Matthews, Pa
F F Jaques, Chicago ! Miss Walford, Englnd
Mrs F F Jaques, Chgol Miss Wright. England
Mrs H Stebbins, Wash T W H Ashton. Eng-
W H Llewellyn, N V ; land
W D Benedict, NY (H P__pp- Wash
C F Scott, NY M V Hartranft, L A
G Chaffey, Los Ang |G W Belden. N V
(I H Wh-t-omb, Mass I Miss Voorheis, Cal
Mrs. G H Whitcomb, i J L Draper, North-
Mass. | ampr n
A J Oxheimer, a Mrs J L Draper,
______ Oxheimer. Pa Northampton
.Miss Bessie Oxheimer, Miss A E Watson,
Pa Mass
I Rosenfeld, Chicago Mrs S Sweatt, Mass
1 J Donovan. Boston It M V Stone. I" S N
J J Corbett. Boston Peter Bass. London
C W Price, Montana W F Dreer. Philadel
Mrs C W Price. Mont G Brown, Stanford
GRAND HOTEL.
C W Bassett. Pittsburg L W Streatc-r. Denver
' A Reed. Oakland I- M Davis. Dixon
Mrs Howard, Sacto Mrs Lindley, Dixon
Mrs T-Ckell, Nevada C Sheets __ ar, Cal
Miss M Morton. Sacto : F McShaw. Cal
Miss E Thompson, Sac J E Rose. Areata
A S Riley. NY B A Kratzier. N V
1 D J Wheeler. N V I Mrs Wilson. Vaile.io
; Mr Cahill &w. Panama' Miss Roddy. Vallejo
J H Beecher, Cal Mrs Ardling. Boston
F Connelly, Cleveland Miss Ardling, Boston
B A Greenhood, N V Master Ardling. Boston
J Burns. Cal J Miller. Quebec
C X Cadman. Pinole I Miss Young. Quebec
J McGilvry. Palo Alto Mrs Robs, Stanford
Mrs Dalton, Oakland A Bacon, Napa '
Mrs Pierce, Oakland W Ebner. Juneau
F H Green. S Rafael F Thomas, Sacto -
F Myers & w. N V Mrs Thomas. Sacto
W Johnson. Cal F W Bliss, s Cruz
A McLean, Boston G Paris. _- w. Winter*
E E Biggs, Gridley H Bailey & w. Purtld
E Putrum. Skaguay Miss Watser. Lowell
G Schuman. Seattle i Mrs Small, Lowell
S A Todd. Victoria D W Ravenscroft' CaJ
W J Wills, victoria C W Hall, N V :V
G rushing. Salt Lake : F Bottler, Sacto
J S Allen, NY J Miller. Cal
R Crowall. Belmont W Ingalls. Napa
W Stewart, S Paula ! J Donewoody, L Ang
A West & w, Illinois H E Lee, Chicago
M Grange & w. 11l |H Smith. Stanford
D Paddock & w, Cal | L J Evans, Napa
J Human, Cal IH M Clair Jr, Phila
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs M Myers. ? Barbr J Molroy, Rio Vista
A W Smith. Vallejo G J Graham, CMeo
C Tiler. San Jose J J Connolly, S Diego
G H Copley, Kans CylG E Sampson. London
A J Laux. Mo A M Rockwell & w,
J Alexander, Mass I New York
J J Barker. Stockton J Winter &w. Marina
B Fisher, San Jose 0 Pearson. Chgo
H Wilkinson. Fresno P W Shields. Or
W Brown. L Ang . L Houser. Kansas Cy
E Newman, Los Banpa J Brown. facto
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. March 1«.
Schr Reporter, Dahloff, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. .--:-
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson, 3*_ days from Point
Arena.
Schr Mary Buhne. Weber. 21 days from Ta
coma, via Clallam Bay 14 days.
SAILED.
Saturday, March 18.
Whaling stmr Karluk. McGregor, whaling.
Brig W G Irwin. Williams, Honolulu.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr South Coast, Z_ddart. . i
Schr Ralph J Long. Crangel. Point Sur.
Schr Winchester. Huhs. codfishing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 18. 10 P m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW: velocity 10 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ROCKPORT— Arrived March IS— Schr Scotia,
from . yv.- v .^-v-r- ■-■
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived March 18—
1 Schr Corinthian, hence March 11.
VENTURA— March IS— Stmr George
Loomls. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed March 18— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco; schr Sparrow, for San
Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 13— Stmr Elmore,
from . ' - ■' ''-
Sailed March IS— Br bark Birkdale, for
Queenstown.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed March IS— Br stmr Car
lisle City, for Hongkong.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed March IS— Stmr Hu
eneme, for .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived March IS — Stmr
Noyo. hence March 17.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed March 18— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Sailed March IS— Schr Ocean
Spray, for San Francisco. ..?.:.*<
CASPAR— SaiIed March IS— Stmr Navarro,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived March IS— Br ship Mont
gomeryshire, from Port Angeles; Br stmr Ga
ronne, from Honolulu.
PORT TOWNS END— Arrived March IS— Br
ship Port Stanley, from Astoria.
SEATTLE— Arrived March IS— Stmr Newport.
* hence March 12.
Sailed March IS— Stmr Humboldt, for Alaska.
. - f FOREIGN PORT.
MANlLA— Arrived March IS— I" S stmr Ore
gon and I* S stmr Iris, from Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— March IS — Stmr
Corean. for Glasgow.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed March IS— Stmr Hestia.
for Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Sailed March IS— Stmr Etrurla.
for Liverpool: stmr La Bretagne, for Havre;
stmr Island, for Copenhagen.
ANTWERP— SaiIed March IS— Stmr Fries
land, for New York.
LIVERPOOL-Arrtved March IS— Stmr Luca
nla. from New York.
Sailed March IS— Stmr Umbria. for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed March is— Stmr La Norman
dle. for New York. .
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE
At Residence. 413 Hyde St..
TO-MORROW (MONDAY), March 20. 1539,
At 11 o'clock a. m.
JOS T TERRY. Insurance Agent and Abo-
tioneer. 121 California St.; teL Main __*.
1516
CRUEL MURDER
OF A BOY BY
A CONSTABLE
Fred Desirello, at Colma,
Duplicates the Wanton
Crime of Rosser.
fIEPUTY SHERIFF FRED DESIRELLO of Baden deliberately and
*■*•"* without the slightest provocation murdered James Johnson, a
17-year-old boy, at Colma last evening about 7:15 o'clock. The
crime was as atrocious as that of Walter Rosser, who shot down
Henry Hildebrand in the Spreckels Market several months ago.
After seeing the result of his wanton act Desirello threatened to
kill two boys who accompanied his victim, and also pointed his pistol
at a bystander who called for a doctor to minister to the dying
boy, and declared he would put a bullet in any one v. ho moved.
The murderer Desirello is In the
Redwood City Jail and the victim of
his lust for slaughter lies blood-stained
and cold in the little parlor of his grlef
atricken sister's home, not far from the
scene of the killing.
No one can Imagine what impelled
the peace officer to deliberately
murder an inoffensive boy who was in
no wise disturbing the peace or who
had not spoken a word to his slayer.
Young Johnson with two other lads,
John Yaccari and Henry Jansen, aged
16 and 14 years respectively, was riding
on a milk wagon when Desirello, with
out warning of any sort, fired three
shots at them. The first bullet struck
a wheel, the second grazed the rim of
young Jansen's hat and the third pen
etrated Johnson's neck, severing the
main artery, causing almost instant
death. The bullet entered the right
side of the neck, passed completely
through and cut the Jugular on both
sides. The boy jumped from the wagon
when he was shot, sank to the earth
and expired at once. A few moments
later the body of the poor youth was
placed in the same wagon and conveyed
to the home of his brother-in-law, J.
Guglimoni, who lives a short distance
from the streetcar line.
Young Johnson has been stopping
with his relative for a few days while
he was out of work. He is an apprentice
molder and his parents live at Eighth
and Folsom streets. His father is the
engineer at the Fairmount Hotel in this
city. A messenger was sent from Colma
to inform the unhappy parents of the
cruel fate which had befallen their only
son, and late last night they reached
the death chamber, where the body of
their boy lies. The poor mother's grief
v. as terrible when she saw the closed
eyes and bloody lips of her son and she
vainly tried to embrace the remains,
but the Coroner had not arrived and
she was forcibly restrained as no one
could be permitted to touch the body
until that official had viewed it.
Disirello committed the murder just
at twilight, in plain view of several
bystanders, and but for his wife it is
more than probable he would have shot
down one or two more people. He was
not drunk, though he had taken a few
drinks, and he appeared to be perfectly
sane. When Johnson sank down, ex
piring, with the blood gushing from
both sides of his neck, saturating his
clothing, the murderer ran over to him
and looked uncompassionately upon
the dying boy. When the body was
carried away he sent his wife to a
nearby saloon for a drink of whisky,
which he gulped down, and then went
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RINGWORM
ON BABY'S FACE.
Mother Ashamed to Take Him Out.
Everything Failed to Cure.
CUTICURA Cured in 3 Days.
I have hart my baby sick with his face full
?f ringworm, and tried everything and failed,
■was ashamed to take him out, for every one
would look at him. I was told to get CUTI-
CURA. 1 got it on Wednesday and by Satur-
day his face was all dried up. Now I can
take him everywhere. I cannot say enough
about CUTICURA. If people only knew about
how his face looked a week ago. and see lt to-
day, they would never be without it.
The people In the house can tell you how his
face was, and how it is to-day.
MRS. J. POTTER,
394 South First 5t., Brooklyn, N. Y.
- October 8, 1898.
CRAZY WitJT ITCHING
Eczema on Head. Got Into the Eyes. Doctor
and Institutes Could Not Cure, Cured
in 2 Months by CUTICURA.
I have been troubled over two years with
fcczema on the top of my head. It first started
» Itch something fierce. My doctor said it was
tc-zema, and treated me for six months, with
lallure, so * I tried more doctors, but they
Bid the same. I tried a New York Institute,
Which treated me for six months, but could not
reach any further than the rest. I had lt
Krorse than from the start, as lt commenced to
ret in my eyes and nearly got me crazy with
Itching. I noticed your advertisement ln the
Kew York World and thought I would try
t"UTICURA remedies. In two months' time I
lid not know that I had any trouble at all,
md I feel like a new man now.
AI.FRED MEISEL,.
Oct. 12, 1898. 625 W. 48th st., N. Y. City.
CUTICURA REMEDIES are beyond all doubt
!he greatest skin cures, blood purifiers and hu-
nor remedies of modern times. Warm baths
Kith CUTICURA SOAP, gentle anointings with
CUTICURA, purest of emollient skin cures,
md mild doses of CUTICURA RESOLVENT,
rreatest of humor rxpellers. have cured thou-
fends of cases where suffering was almost be-
rond endurance, hair lifeless or all gone, dis-
Sgurement terrible.
Sold throughout the world. POTTER D. AND
" CORP., Prop*"., Boston. "How to Cure
fcvery Skin Humor," free.
Painless Dentistry.
■\^^^^ Fillings = - 50 cts
wMffl Crowns - - $3.50
P|i__.['«-
B •_«£_/ t 11 _. c «ptJ.vU
B^ j$ ALL WORK
™^ ™ WARRANTED.
;__ICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St.* Cor. Stevenson.
over to the home of Constable Dan
Nevills and gave himself up.
He told Nevills he had shot the boy
because he was driving too fast, and
when Nevills attempted to arrest him
he resisted. Thus he added a falsehood
to the capital crime.
Half a dozen persons saw the boys
driving by the White House and they
were not going rapidly. These eyewit
nesses declare that the horses could not
travel a mile in six minutes, even if
they were running away. Desirello
was not the peace officer of the town
and no one expected him to make ar
rests for fast driving, should the occa
sion arise.
The shooting took place in the cen
ter of town, directly in front of Belli
Bros.' store. . The rapid reports of the
three shots startled a number of per
sons in the saloons and stores and they
rushed out to ascertain the cause. They
saw the Deputy Constable, pistol in
hand, rush over to where his victim
had fallen, and heard the murderer
threaten the two frightened boys who
had so narrowly escaped a similar fate.
It was no fault of Desirello's that he
did not kill all three.
John Vaccari, who was driving the
team when Johnson was so wantonly
slain, was sitting beside the dead body
of his companion when he gave the
details of the crime. His face was still
blanched from the fright he received
and the threats of Desirello. The boy
said: .-:■..■
"About 7 o'clock I hitched a team
to a milk wagon to go over to Belli's at
Colma and get two bales of hay. As I
was driving up town Jim Johnson
asked me where I was going, and he
jumped in to ride with me. A moment
or two later Henry Jansen also got into
the wagon. We turned the corner in
front of the "White House and crossed
the electric car track to go to Belli's
store. Just then Desirello came out
in the street and began shooting at us.
"He did not shout or say anything
at all. The first bullet struck the wheel
and Jim Johnson said, 'Somebody is
shooting at us.' Then another bullet
whistled by, ticking Henry Jansen's
hat, and the next thing I knew Jim says
'I'm shot.' He never uttered another
word. When the bullet struck him Jim
jumped from the wagon and dropped
down right on Belli's porch. I stopped
the team and Henry and
I also jumped out and ran to Jim. Hen
ry said, 'Some one go for a doctor.' and
Desirello turned furiously" upon him
and threatened to kill him if he moved
a step. Desirello waved his pistol in
the air and shouted that he had 'three
bullets left for any one who made a
move.'
"I asked the Constable why he shot
at us, and he told me to 'shut my
mouth or he would put a bullet in me.'
"By this time a crowd had gathered,
and some one said Jim was dead. A
man started to Baden for a doctor, and
Jim's body was put In the wagon and
taken home. "We were not driving fast
and I do not know why the officer shot
at us. When Jim was lying on the
ground Desirello said we were driving
too fast and might have run over a
child and killed it. I told him I was not
driving fast, and he said I lied."
Henry Jansen, the other boy on the
wagon, corroborated his companion's
statement in every detail.
The Coroner was notified of the mur
der and he sent word to Colma that
a jury would be impaneled to-day.
The murdered boy's brother-in-law.
Gugllmoni, is the city salesman for
Rottanzi, the Mission street liquor deal
er. yv ■''''' -
The Chronicle Bar.
Mr. P. "W. Wobber has opened to the
public under his personal supervision
at 644 Market street (under Chronicle
building) one of the most beautiful bar
rooms of the city. The bar and interior
finish are done entirely in mahogany,
the soft pink tint of which forms a
pleasing contrast to the solid white
of the tile floor and the light, delicate
shades of the walls and ceiling. Two
paintings of unusual merit decorate the
walls. One, "Health to Our Guest," the
other, "A Slave Merchant rat the
Harem,'-' are works of art. The chief
feature of the Chronicle Bar will be the
purity and quality of its wines and
liquors. Mr. Wobber extends a cordial
invitation to the public and connois
seurs to sample- his goods. *
A Carpet Was Missing.
Jerry Worrell, an expressman at Sixth
and Folsom streets, was arrested yester
day on a charge of petty larceny. He Is
accused by Mrs. Norah Barry, 9 Freelon
street, with stealing a carpet from a load
of furniture which he took for her from
Harriet street a few days ago. There
were three carpets, but Mrs. Barry al
leges that Jerry only delivered two.
Dr. Charles "W. Decker,
Dentist, Phelan Bldg., 806 Market. Special
ty, "Colton Gas" for painless extraction. *
FOUNDLING BABES LEFT
BY HEARTLESS MOTHERS
AMONG the manifold blessings that came probably with the rain were
two wee babies found on doorsteps recently after a shower. One, a
chubby girl, blue-eyed, golden-haired, and only a few days old, was
placed at the door of William Wyber*s residence, 2734 Folsom street. Its
only protection against the elements was a heavy black shawl. Upon this
was pinned a note stating the parents were too poor to take care of the
infant. It was so good and so pretty that Mrs. Wyber was almost heart
broken when a lady visitor who had just lost her own baby carried the lit
tle rain waif away to a secure home.
The second castaway was found by Charles Cohn on his doorstep at 208
Polk street late Friday evening. This was also a girl, and was wrapped
in a soldier's cape.* She has a dark complexion and is probably ' Spanish.
In her hands was a bottle of milk, with a long rubber tube and nursing
nipple. From this the motherless youngster was industriously extracting
her supper when Mr. Cohn almost stumbled over her In the dark. If she is a
soldier's baby her gallant father can find her at the St. Joseph Orphan
Asylum when he cornea home from Manila— that is, if the Filipinos don't
get him.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ! MARCH 19, 1899.
IMPLORE THE COURT TO
LICENSE LAWBREAKING
The Scheme of the Promoters of
Racetrack Poolselling Is Finally
Made Plain.
Ask That the Original Restraining Order Against the
Police Be Restored— Judge Murasky Refuses,
but Will Hear More Argument.
THERE was no poolselling at Ingle
side yesterday, and a vigilant police
force prevented the hand books from
doing any business. The disgusted
gamblers could only stand around and
curse the authorities who have put a
stop to the blight which has too long
rested upon the city! It was the last day
of the two -weeks' season, and the asso
ciation decided to run off the card
whether or not the daily largess was re
ceived from the gullible public.
Realizing perhaps that the people are
determined to end poolselling at the track
and that the efforts of the police to en
force the law will be indorsed by public
opinion and upheld by the courts, the
gamblers remained downtown. Only a
THE LEGAL BATTLE FOR LAW AND MORALITY BEGINS
Ingleside's Attorney Asks the Court for a License Permitting the Pool
sellers to Continue Their Predatory Occupation.
few spectators watched the horses gal
loping around the track, and their inter
est was halfhearted. Chief of Police
Lees sent a squad of officers to prevent
betting, and his orders were so well exe
cuted that very little money changed
hands on results. .
The gamblers continued their efforts
through Attorney Ach, to secure a li
cense to resume their game, but nothing
to their advantage was. accomplished. In
the morning Judge Murasky denied a
motion to vacate the modified injunction
issued by Judge Daingerfield on Friday
afternoon, which left the Chief of Police
full power to carry on his endeavor to
stamp out a great evil. The cases of all
the men arrested at the track were con
tinued in the Police Courts until Monday,
as all the attorneys were engaged. in the
Injunction proceedings in the Superior
Court. ;-■-•' __ _
Downtown poolrooms made no attempt
to do business. Officers were posted at all
these dens, and their presence was suf
ficient to keep the places deserted. No
arrests for violation of the anti-pool law
were made during the day. .
The proceedings to determine the right
of the police to forcibly enter any place
to prevent a violation of law were con
tinued in Judge Murasky's court, but as
the Ingleside season of two weeks closed
ye_te?day the matter was postponed by
consent The question involved in these
n?Sceed ngs is a most serious one. and the
decision of the Supreme Court will haVe
an important bearing on future legisla-
Uon to protect society from the pool-
j If the contention of the Jockey Club that
a police officer has no right to enter any
nlace % amusement, church. or private
grounds to intercept the commission of an
unlawful act is sustained, then • all the
ordl-tances and statutes regulating gamb-
Un* and other vices are inoperative. The
attorneys for the people in the Ingleside
case contend that the enacting power
nlclssarily depends upon the constabu
lary for the enforcement of all laws.
and that the existence of a law is suffi
cient warrant for a peace officer to make
forcible entry to prevent crime.
District Attorney Murphy. City and
County Attorney Lane and Garret Mc-
Enerney are conducting the fight In court
for law- and order, and Henry Ach is the
champion of the poolsellers.
Judge Murasky held two sessions of De
partment 8 of the Superior Court yester
day to hear arguments on a motion to
vacate the modified injunction issued by
Judge Daingerfield, which permits the
Police Department to perform its duty in
enforcing the anti-pool ordinance. _,
Attorney Aqh, for the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club, sought to have the modified,
injunction vacated and the original order
by Judge Daingerfield, which was ob
tained on an ex parte statement, and re
stricted the police from entering the race
track gates to arrest violators of the or
der passed by the Board of Supervisors,
and subsequently modified on a state
ment of fact by the attorneys for the
Chief of Police restored. He based his
argument on allegations In the complaint
on which Judge Dalngerfleld issued tho
original order restraining the police from
interfering with the poolsellers. The
Jockey Club's attorney contended that the
other "side must move against the original
injunction by answer and affidavit and
that the modified order was in excess of
the authority of the Judge who made it.
He claimed the second order was improvi
dently made, adding: "You cannot cut
me off without an opportunity to be
heard," to which District Attorney.
Murphy replied:
"We have the right to proceed ex parte,
as you did, inasmuch as the injunction
proceedings are palpably an attempt to
tie the hands of the police— a most re
markable proceeding to prevent the police
doing their sworn duty." The District
Attorney further argued that the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club .had no right to move
to vacate the modified injunction, stating
that the modification was In fact and ef
fect an absolute abrogation of the orig
inal injunction. All the plaintiff could
now do is to ask for a new injunction,
which, he added, would be promptly and
vigorously, contested.
The application of counsel for the po
lice for time to prepare and file affidavits
and answer in opposition to the motion
to dismiss the modified order was bitterly
objected to by Attorney Ach. He drew a
pitiful picture of a large find vicious body
of. police forcibly entering the private
pleasure ground of a legitimate corpora
tion and devastating the property, fright
ening away the patrons and admirers of
an ennobling sport and otherwise invad
ing the rights of property and liberty
guaranteed to every individual by the
constitution of the United States and the
Declaration of Independence. The acts
of the police, headed by Chief Lees, the
principal defendant in this case, he con
tended, were a violent trespass, without
any warrant in law. At the conclusion of
Lawyer Ach's outburst Attorney McEn
erney had an inning. He said:
"We propose to show by affidavits that
a crime was being committed within the
Ingleside inclosure, and also that, the po
lice were not there to and did not inter
fere with the usual course of the horse
races in progress. The officers of the law
were there for the sole purpose of pre
venting crime. They molested none but
the violators of the law, and only per
formed their sworn duty in taking prop
erty, which was evidence of such infrac
tion of the law as was committed. We have
the right to file such affidavits, and the
court must grant us reasonable time in
which to prepare them.
"The plaintiffs' complaint," continued
Mr. McEnerney, "alleges that the police
were guilty of trespass, that they en
tered .and drove patrons from the race
track, and upon this complaint Judge
Daingerfield issued the original injunction
preventing the police from entering the
Ingleside grounds unless they paid the
regular admission fee, and further for
bade them taking any property from the
place. Upon application made by the de
fendants Judge Daingerfield modified that
order so that it read, 'Unless you, as such
officers, believe a public offense is being
committed, and then you are authorized
to enter.' y— . •-
"In our opinion the original injunction
was void upon its face," argued Mc-
Enerney, '.'and we were prepared to in
struct the Chief of Police to proceed and
defy, it, which we would have done had
not the modification been granted. The
police did not, as alleged in the plain
tiffs' complaint, intend to remove or de
stroy property, but slmpl" to take any
property used in an offense, to be im
pounded as evidence. This privilege was
also granted in the modification of the in
junction.
"To say the police shall not enter a
racetrack without due process of law is
extremely vague and uncertain, it being
in the discretion of any gatekeeper to
interpret what is due process of law.
This injunction was obtained, it is ob
vious, without due . process of law - and
for the reason that with the plaintiff's
connivance, procurement and consent il
legal acts were sought to ■; be * protected.
The plaintiff was intercepted in the com
mission of crime and in defiance of the
law now chooses to come into court with
unclean hands and ask equitable relief
at the hands of the chancellor."
"I may be. dull of comprehension," said
Attorney Ach, in answer, "but I don't un
derstand counsel's argument. Let these
men arrest parties they claim are vio
lating the law and we will meet them on
that issue. If the Chief* believes ' he has
the right to march into *" plaintiff's ' place
of business because he believes a law
is being violated he has a right to march
his men down into the Grand Opera
House if he hears | that some one may
commit battery on a man therein, and in
consequence clean out the house. The
acts « of the police are in violation of
every principle of liberty." v-7 ': 1
At this • point the : argument .went over
till 3l p. m. 'When court reconvened the
people s attorneys filed with the clerk an
answer *a -the • Jockey. - Club's y complaint, .
and a joint affidavit sworn to by Chief of
Police Lees, Police Captains Wittman
and Gillen, District Attorney Murphy,
City and County Attorney Lane and At
torney McEnerney. The answer contains
general and specific contradictions of the
allegation of the complaint, and the affi
davit recites the facts of the arrests at
Ingleside, and, further, that the modifica
tion of the injunction was not improvi
dently or erroneously made, but the re
sult of a full, fair statement of facts to
his Honor, Judge Dalngerfleld.
District Attorney Murphy asked that the
proceedings, which are of grave public
importance, be taken by the shorthand re
porter, and Mr. Ach resumed his argu
ment. He asked that his motion to va
cate the modified injunction be granted,
and disputed the argument of the other
side that the only remedy to prevent a
police invasion of Ingleside was to secure
a new order. It was conceded by both
sides that the court has the power to re
instate the original injunction, but Mc-
Enerney reiterated his contention that the
flrst order was void and that the second
necessarily fell with it, thus leaving the
police free to discharge their duty. Judge
Murasky interrupted the argument at this
point, saying:
"I have looked up the law during the
recess and failed to find any statute per
mitting the police to enter private prop
erty unless a felony is being committed."
"That makes no difference in this case."
interrupted Mr. McEnerney. "If the po
lice exceeded their authority and commit
ted trespass the complainant has redress
in a common law action, and not other
wise. The Jockey Club should have
brought a civil action and not asked for
an injunction, which will not lie."
Mr. Ach renewed his argument of the
earlier session and drew a simile of homes
and theaters being forcibly invaded by
overzealous policemen without warrant of
law. He conceded that a Board of Super
visors could not be restrained from pass
ing ordinances, nor could the police be
restrained by order of the court from en
forcing them. ' ,
"The question of selling or buying pools
on races," said Mr. Ach, "does not enter
here. The police had no right to force
their way through the gates of the Ingle
side track, even if they did believe an
ordinance was being violated. Suppose,
for the sake of argument, that Mr. F. H.
Green, the secretary of the Jockey Club,
should announce in public that he would
commit battery at the track some day
next week. The police could not arrest
him for that, nor have they the right to
march out there and force' an entry into
the track to prevent him from assaulting
any one. They could bind him over to
keep the peace and that's all they could
do. Admitting, even, that the order of
the Board of Supervisors is legal, still the
police have no right to enter the gate
without paying the usual admission fee.
"The very Idea is abhorrent," declared
Mr. Ach. "The Chief of Police has no
authority to arrest any person in advance
of the commission of an offense, and they
have no right to forcibly enter a private
house, a church or a place of amuse
ment." vy.yy
"There Is no contention on that, is
there?" inquired the Judge.
"Yes, there is," replied McEnerney.
"While we admit the rule we take ex
ception to it." yyy y
About this time the courtroom became
insufferably hot, the result of a cold
blooded bailiff's ability to build a hot fire,
and Attorney Ach proposed an adjourn
ment. He said his argument would take
up a couple of hours and in addition he
Only San Francisco Agents for
Maggioni Kid Gloves
Ladies' taster [Neckwear
While our stock of neckwear consists of
the newest spring styles, carefully selected
and well made, the prices are popular.
Lierre lace jabots in new Chiffon bows with appli-
and choice patterns with cations of real Honiton lace
collar attached from and collar made of pleated
$1 to #3 each chiffon, from
$2.50 to $3.50 each
Ascot puffs, new colors Net scarfs, 2 yards long
in striped and checked silk; with real Renaissance lace
very stylish, only ends, prices from
50c each 32.25 to $5 each.
_,.. , . Fronts, made of shirred
Pt de Lierre scarfs, six , ibertv chiffon in ink blue
different patterns, 2 yards cream heliotrope and black
lon g price
$1.25 each -52.75 each
New stock collars made of pique with detachable silk
bows and stocks adjustable to any collar, in the latest
checks and stripes,
50c each.
Feather Boas
Beautifully curled and well made in white, gray, black,
brown and tan, also white and black, and natural and
white mixed ; lengths, 36 to 54 inches,' prices, •
$9 to 22.50 each.
Foulard Silks and Satin Soleil
Good quality, new designs, price only
A OC a yard.
7 135, t0, 131 Kearny St. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS^
WsilksT
i
SPRING, 1899.
An elegant and complete
stock of NOVELTY SILKS at
Remarkably Low Prices.
BEST QUALITY PRINTED FOULARD SILKS, 24 Inches wide,
in all the new colorings, including New Blue, Browns,
Gris, Marine, Napoleon and Violet.
Price, $1.00 Per Yard:
A most complete line of FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA SILKS,
in all the very latest Spring colorings and styles, an
extra heavy quality — all pure silk.
Price, $1.00 Per Yard:
We have also opened up a splendid assortment of BLACK
SILKS in all the new weaves, Including POPLINS, TAF-
FETAS, FAILLES, GROS GRAINS, DUCHESSE, . RHA-
DAMES, BENGALINES, SURAHS, PEAU DE SOIE,
TRICOTINE, MERYEILLEUX and CRYSTAL BENGALINES,
the production of the best foreign and domestic man-
ufacturers.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
wished to quote numerous authorities.
He suggested that the affidavit and .an
swer by the defense be admitted to file
and the question at issue be submitted on
briefs Messrs. Murphy and McEnerney
demurred. They preferred to argue the
case, and it was finally agreed that argu
ments would begin next Friday at 11
o'clock. Judge Murasky will devote that
day to the case, the time to be equally
divided between both sides.
Before ordering an adjournment Judge
Murasky announced that in his opinion
the modified injunction was in excess of
the power of the court and that there
fore the original might be in force. That
point, however, he will decide after argu
ments are made and precedents cited.
Replying to this point the defense claimed
that the court had no authority to issue
the original.
Mr. Ach then concluded his talk for the
day. He referred to the remarks of the
opposing counsel at the morning session
where he was accused of coming into
court with "unclean hands." "That cuts
no 'figure," he acrimoniously declared.
"The directors of the Jockey Club sought
to protect the association's property."
"You came into a court of equity,"
burst in District Attorney Murphy, "and
ask the court to license a violation of the
law."
"We are not asking for a license," r«
torted Ach.
"Yes you are," the District Attorney re
plied, "and you won't get it."
The hearing was then postponed until
next Friday. ***&*-__*
CLERK RICE OPENLY
VIOLATED THE LAW
An Ordinance Forbids Acceptance of
Bail Bonds • Outside Police
Court Chambers.
The action of Clerk Rice of Judge Con
lan's court in accepting bonds at the race
track last Tuesday for the men arrested
was severely, criticized by the police, but
Rice claimed that he had a perfect right
to accept bonds anywhere so long as the
sureties were responsible people.
Captain Seymour discovered yesterday
that Rice was guilty of a gross violation
of an ordinance passed by the Board of
Supervisors April 28, 1593, owing to the
practice of clerks of. Police Courts accept
ing bonds in saloons and other places at
all hours of the night. Section 1 of the
ordinance reads as follows:
The clerks of the Police Courts
shall be in attendance in their re
spective court rooms or offices at
tached thereto from 9 o'clock a. m.
until 4 o'clock p. m. every day in the
week, Sundays and holidays except
ed, to perform the duties imposed and
as required by law. The clerks of
the Police Courts shall also alternate
so that one clerk in turn shall be in
attendance at the court room or office
attached thereto every evening in the
week from 7:30 to 10 o'clock and on
Sundays and holidays from 10 a. m.
to 2 p. m. for the purpose of taking
bail bonds when a sufficiency and
qualification of securities are exam
ined into and approved.
The clerks of the Police Courts
shall not accept securities on bail
bonds except within the places and
within the time prescribed in this
section.
The. attention of the Police Judges will
be drawn to this section of the ordinance,
and they will be asked to see that it is
enforced.
Indies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms «-7. "
BUY NOW— PAY LATER.
BABY CARRIAGES
ON SPECIAL SALErfT_^> C /-
THIS WEEK. AN EX-UfC-f.DU
TRA GOOD STRONG cDU
ONE, LIKE CUT. AT.... *r w
WE ALSO HAVE A FULL LINE
OF BABY CHAIRS AND CRIBS.
i IF THE "HOW" AND "WHERE"
ARE PROBLEMS, "CREDIT" IS
THE SOLUTION.
THE J. NOONAN
! . '■ Furniture Company (Inc.),
/0-7-/023 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth-
Phone. South 14. Open Evenings.no_textTHE CALL Sunday Edition
A "WHITE MAN has at last wit
nessed the secret rites of the fire
worshipers of America. He ac
complished this after . years of
unremitting effort to convince
these people of his friendliness.
It was not, however, until he entered the
Mogul priesthood that he was successful.
The fortunate man is J. Walter Fewkes,
who has done more toward supplying the
connecting links between ancient and
modern Indians than any other man. His
work along these lines has made him
famous the world over.
The Moqui Indians are the sole repre
sentatives of what their sort of Indian
was In past centuries. They are almost
the same to-day as when Coronado's men
found them early ln the sixteenth cen
tury. In the village where Mr. Fewkes
lived, Walpi, the houses are centuries old,
located on the brow of a cliff hundreds
of feet above a great plain, and are not
one jot different from the dwellings that
have occupied that site for perhaps a
thousand years. The scientist lived
among the Indians as one of them, and
In this isolation from the white folks has
been alone, except during the latter years
of his investigation when Mrs. Fewkes
accompanied him, the first white woman
ever looked on with favor by the Moqui
race.
The customs of their neighbors, the
Apaches, as well as : those of the other
Indian tribes with whom people are fa
miliar, are utterly unlike the ways and
habits of the Moquis. In the '80*8, when
the white men of science flrst visited
them, they were still using stone imple-
m ents, and. in fact, living -in just the
' way that we are taught the Indians lived
when Columbus made his entrance on the
scene.
.While history is unable to give any in
formation of the Moquis before the ad
vent of Coronado's men, investigation of
the graves made by Mr. : , Fewkes furnishes
conclusive proof that the symbols of the
tribe were as ancient in the sixteenth
century as they are regarded by the Mo
quis of to-day. .\'"._ _•■;".
' While Mr. Fewkes had no difficulty In,
witnessing a number of the Moqui cere
monies, he was well aware that there
were very Interesting secrets in-connec
tion with the religious rites of the In
dians of which he was entirely ignorant.
Every effort he made to learn was check
mated, and he found that as an outsider
he was at the end of his investigation.
"I saw," he said, when telling me the
result of his investigations, "that it was
through the priesthood I must get at the
facts. The Moquis were distinctly fire
worshipers, though unlike any other of
the • re worshiping sect of which I ever
beard. -They created their sacred fire—
this I knew— but how it was all done was
beyond me. It took a very long time, and
the utmost care, to convince the Indians
that I meant only good and that I did not
want to use the Information I gained to
their disadvantage. At last I brought
them to a frame of mind where they
agreed that I should enter their priest
hood and be Initiated into the secrets of
their underground temples, for the more
* important features of the Moqui ritual
are performed in these caves.. :"'-._
.. "It was in one of these temples that I
•witnessed what to me was as interesting
a thing as could be seen,* of all the more
interest because I knew that I was the
first white man whom the Moquis had
ever permitted to be present on such an
'occasion. To the Moqui fire is a living,
* breathing thing. Its creation Is to him
exactly the same as the birth of a child.
•It i« a sacred creation, however, and the
Indian pays to the flame as great a trib
ute -as he can conceive of-no one is per
mitted to light either a pipe or cigarette
from it. And when you stop to think that
' with the Indian all things begin and end
with a smoke you see the significance of
his action.ifl_|SfiS , ■_, ■ ••_",'
"The ritual observed in the creation or
. the fire is so simple that it Is impressive.
The members of the priesthood present
gather in a semicircle in front of the al
tar. and the priest upon whom falls the
duty of bringing the fire into being takes
a notched piece of wood and in that notch
places a stick which nearly fills it. This
' stick he rapidly rotate*!. Directly be
neath the earth has been covered with
Bltredded cedar. A hush that .is Impres
sive follows, nothing being heard except
the grinding noise made by the two pieces
of wood. The friction of the wood is con
tinued for not more than 'a minute when
a spark falls upon the cedar, and . then
_ another. The blaze is Instantly nursed
- .and presently is of sufficient size to per
mit a torch to be lighted from it. The
sacred fire has come into being.
"Then one of the priests is selected to
carry the fire and the news from house
to house. In every dwelling the squaws
are waiting for him, the pile of fuel is
ready and he. lights it with his torch. The
proceeding is the same in every dwelling
and after a while every house in the vil
lage has its, flame, which will not be al
lowed =to die out -until, summer comes.
That is all that happens the day of the
fire's creation, but the day following is
celebrated by-- processions and Incanta
tions of various sorts, of a nature which
does not permit of description. It is all
along the line of the Indians' idea of the
resemblance of the birth of fire to that of
a human being.
"The ceremonies do not, I think, have
the same weight with the younger genera
tion of Indians that they, do With the
elders. In fact. I am inclined to believe
that the younger element would willing
ly break away from this sort of thing if
It could. This ceremony of the flre crea
tion seemed all j the more interesting to
me -because it Is an- undeniable fact that
the -rites I saw in the caves had never
before been witnessed by a white man.
"The Moqui priesthood is made up of a
SECRETS OF THE MOQUI
FIRE WORSHIP
number of different degrees and I suc
ceeded in being admitted to four. of the
priesthoods. Further progress was re
fused me by the older priests on the
ground that they did not think I could
stand the ordeal. I rather doubt the
truth of that statement, because I do not
think the ordeal was very severe, judg
ing from what I had already endured.
As it is, however, I was enabled through
my membership of the priesthood to gain
a knowledge of the aboriginal rites that
has hitherto been unknown to history.
I know of none more interesting than
that of the creation of fire.
"There is a great deal more to learn
with the Moquis, but every year robs
them of more and more of their aborigi
nal traits. In ten years' time I believe
their racial distinction will have entirely
disappeared. In the absence of an epi
demic, a census which I took several
years ago shows the tribe can about hold
Its own in point of numbers. The out
break of smallpox which forced me to re
turn East is likely to carry off a great
many of the Moquis, and a loss of this
sort can never be made up. ,v, -;
. "Besides this decimation of the tribe,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
within the last year white people have
taken to going to the village in numbers.
The, village is located about eighty miles
west of the Grand Canyon and thirty
miles from the Santa Fe Railroad. The
railroad people have been running excur
sions from the road to the village at the
time the snake dance, the flute dance and
the basket dance have taken place. The
excursionists have been loaded into four
mule wagons, driven to the village, where
they camped that night; witnessed the
dance and returned to the railroad the
following day. This has caused the In
dians to learn the ways of the white man
ip one respect— they ask every visitor to
contribute some money in return for the
privilege of seeing the dance, and in this
way quite a deal of money is put into
circulation among them. When I- first
knew them they did not know what it
was to have money.
"By nature the Moquis are a peaceful
people. They are short of stature and
slight. At first they clung very closely
to the customs of their ancestors a.nd
resented the first attempt made to intro
duce the white man's education among
them. I remember when I first visited
them years ago, Just after it had been
decided to try to educate them, a young
lieutenant of cavalry with six men rode
over to my camp from the railroad to get
some information about the Moquis. He
was on his way to another village, a
larger one, where he proposed to enforce
the Government order that some of the
Indian children be sent to an Indian
school, a building . for which had been
- erected fifteen miles distant. The lieu
-1 tenant wanted me to go with f him. but I
refused, because it would have been fatal
to my plan to learn the Indian rites. .
"The* cavalrymen camped with me that
night, and the next morning rode over to
the other village. That afternoon they
returned, but without any children. The
lieutenant said that when he reached the
village he ' found every Inhabitant armed ,
and saw that if .he attempted any force
he and his soldiers would be wiped out.
He said he was going back to the rail
road and* telegraph' for four. companies of '•
cavalry "to .come from the nearest fort to
his assistance. The Indians., he said, '
would be made to. give up", their children.
"The day's went- by and- all sorts of ;
rumors began to circulate as to what was I
going to happen. I had learned the In
dian language fairly well, and the old
chiefs told me that over at the other vil
lage they believed the whole United
States army, whatever that was, was
coming. A few days later I noticed a
commotion among the Indians, and saw
away out on the prairie a long line of
blue marching in our direction. It proved
to be the four companies of regulars,
headed by Major, now Adjutant-General,
Corbin." The troops went into camp on
the mesa below the cliff where the ob
stinate villagers lived. I camped with
them, and the next morning Major Cor
bin sent a message up to the Indians to
send down six of their chiefs for a par
ley.
"After a while the chiefs came down
and were very meek indeed. After a bit
the colonel ordered an advance, and we
marched up to the village. , What was
our amazement to find the place deserted.
There was not an Indian in sight. But
at last one of our prisoners told me that
they were out on the point— that is, a
point of land stretching out north away
from the village and out of sight of the
dwellings. We followed this up and found
it to be true. There they were, huddled
together, SOO men, women and children,
expecting to. be killed. I suppose.' They
had no Idea there were so many white
men in the world, and were, simply terri
fied at the thought that Washington— for
to the Indian every Government official
and the Government is Washington— had
come out in such array against them.
"Major Corbin talked to them and ex
plained how impossible it was for them
to resist Washington and how their chil
dren were going to be educated whether
they wanted them to be or not. Just to
emphasize his words about the power of
the soldiers, the Major ordered one of the
two mountain howitzers discharged. Now
those howitzers carried a very ugly little
shell which would make a decided com
motion. The gun was. discharged and
threw the shell about a mile out on the
mesa, where It tore the sand up and dug
a big hole. The Indians were almost par
alyzed with fright, except' one of the
chiefs whom the troops were holding as
hostages. .„ At the report of the gun, he
went over the side of the . cliff, which
must have been. at least twenty feet high,
as* if he had been shot, and though the
troops fired in the direction he had gone
and hunted for him, we never saw him
again. ."■.?;'.'■;
"After parleying a while longer. Major
Corbin Induced the chiefs to select a"
number of. children to be sent to the
school." smoked the' pipe, of peace with the
head men and led his troops back to the
railroad, taking the young Indians with
him. That was the end of the Moqui at
tempt *to resist ' Washington's' Ideas of
education."
It may surprise some readers to have It
recalled that even Burns, who has been
designated, par excellence, the "Bard of
Nature," neither in his poetry nor his
. letters shows any appreciation of the
picturesque in nature. From his farm at
Mossgiel he commanded one of the finest
views ln Scotland, embracing Ben-Lo
mond, Ben-Venue and the other moun
tains keeping watch around Loch Lomond
and Loch Katrine, and the exquisite
Firth of Clyde with its numerous lochs
winding away northward among tne
lonely pastoral' hills of Argyleshlre.
Above all, Arran. with its grandly ro
mantic mountain farms, was daily before
his eyes, as wen as the giant mass of
Allsa, rising sentinel-like, sheer and soli
tary, out of the water where the firth
merges into the Irish Sea. Yet not once
will you find him making mention of this
noble land and sea scape so constantly
in his view. In his northern tour he trav
ersed for twenty-two days some of the
grandest scenery in the Highlands,' yet
nowhere do - his writlpgs testify to any
adequate appreciation of it.— J. Hunter in
March Lipplncott's.
The amount spent on patent medicines
annually is something like • $12,500,000. :■
- A Spanish bull-fighter's fee for a spe
cial performance is about 15,000 pesetas
(53000). . . .. 7 ": - '< - '
If you' were on . the . moon the earth
would appear * to be ' sixty-four times
larger "than the' sun does to residents of
this planet. ... ; . _-
The finest tomb In Great Britain is un
doubtedly that of the Duke of Hamilton,
in the grounds of the Duke's seat. It cost
over $1,000,000. 7"'" '7* .77/7;
' "Herr' Delicatessen seems, very happy
this morning." ' ■ '■ . ' _, ... " ■
"Yes; bis sausage took a blue ribbon at
the Dog Show."— Life. -18
Alger: Most Talked of Man of the Hour: Algerism.
How He Climbed
From the Plow
to a Position
in the Cabinet.
WHEREVER a number of
Americans get together fhe dis
cussion sooner or later— usually
much sooner— sure to turn
upon the great happenings at
home and abroad in which our
army and navy have been en
gaged I have participated in hundreds
Of such talks, and I have been most forci
bly struck with the turn the discussion al
ways takes. Dewey's deeds 4 are always
spoken of with unstinted praise; all men
seem to agree that no matter what the
emergency Dewey will not fail to do ex
actly the right thing. Then the whole
navy is praised and sincere regret ex
pressed that unwisdom and too great per
sonal friendliness should have provoked
any discussion as to the merits of the sea
services of those who destroyed Cervera's
ships and so enabled Shafter to win his
hazardous campaign.
Shafter is talked of, too, but not as he
was months ago. Now he appears to be
regarded as an Incident, almost an acci
dental incident, of occurrences too big for
him to control, though he was nominally
In control. Of the real fighting men of
the army the praise is in superlatives, and
officers and men are held In the highest
esteem conceivable as types of American
manhood of which we have every right
to be proud. * . .
, The President is always spoken of
.throughout all these discussions, and
there is no denying that both Democrats
and Republicans feel kindly disposed to
him. They think he has made grave mis
takes, but the general verdict is that he
is a well meaning and patriotic man,
whose mistakes have been those of a
weak reliance on some weak men to whom
he has unwisely given his confidence.
At the Other End.
But there Is one man who stands some
what as Dewey stands, except that it is
at the opposite end of popular favor. This
man Is Russell A. Alger, the Secretary of
War In McKinley's Cabinet. This man is
to-day perhaps the most unpopular man
in the United States, and in the discus
sions just alluded to men not given to
profanity or to forcefulness of expression
swear like pirates and say that they be
lieve him capable of every great crime
and every little meanness that could be
mentioned.
Alger is the man of the hour, and
Democrats and | Republicans alike
agree that the McKinley administra
tion will be judged at the polls,- not
by the victories of the army and
navy, not by the revival of trade and
a renewal of business prosperity, but
by what has come to be known as
Algerism. .
Alger's Early Life.
General Alger, like so many Americans
who have achieved prominence in the
last forty years, is a native of Ohio. He
was born in Lafayette Township, Medi
na County, February 27, _**_6, so that we
see he is now just 63 years old. His pa
rents were poor, farmers or country
storekeeper? or something of that sort'
When his father died the present Secre;
tary of War was 12 years old. It was ne
cessary for him to go to work at once.
And so from 12 to 19 he worked on farms
ln Richfield, Ohio. At the beginning of
this apprenticeship he went with some
regularity to a country school during the
short terms which then prevailed. Wtiat
he did between 1855 and 1857 I have not
heard, but presumably he followed the
plow and worked ln the harvest field
much as he had done in the years before.
He went to Akron ln I**s7 to study law.
While Alger was studying law ln Akron
McKinley was at school only a few miles
away. Little did the people of that prim
itive neighborhood dream that two youth
then struggling to i equip themselves.'* for
life would be forty-two years later* the
central- figures in a great political, drama
in which over seventy millions of people
were also at. once actors and audience.
McKinley and Alger.
• But so It is. McKinley' and the Republi
can party must stand or fall as Algerlsm
Is "approved or condemned. We will not
' apply lynch law to it, however; It shall
have : a fair hearing. The Secretary of
"War. however. In this case will not be
asked to appoint the members of the
court and select the prosecuting officers:
In those days ln Ohio It must have been
a very easy thing to acquire a legal edu
cation, for Alger, after two years' study
In Akron, was admitted to practice. Now
adays a bright chap, with a college be
hind him and service In a law offlce .he
sides, has to work hard to do this. But
In 1859 In Ohio a- young man from a farm
could learn enough in two years to secure
the right to represent clients. It may bo
that Alger mastered the science of law
Intuitively, as later he mastered the art
of war. Or it may be that he never
learned enough to hurt. At any rate, his
knowledge was never put to any serious
test as in 1860 he went to Grand Rapids.
Mich., where he soon became a speculator
in pine lands.
-*-*' Army Traditions.
In this business he. has continued and
he has always been In such speculation.!
what on the turf or in Wall street is
known as a "plunger." This plunging
business is very hazardous, and 9, man
may be rich to-day and poor to-morrow.
According to General. Alger's own confes
sion, it was the perilous nature of the
plunging business which made him run
away from the perils of war, and, getting
out of the army ln Irregular fashion and
In the face of charges and a recommenda
tion for i dismissal, so blot and blur a
military record, before highly to* his
credit, that soldiers with a nice sense of
military propriety have felt ever since he
has been the head of the War Depart
ment that his presence there was, to say
the least, a belittling of the service if not
a direct Insul. to it.
Alger's War Record.
Now let us look at the Alger war rec
ord, a war record the greater part of
which was as fine as he could have
wished.
He enlisted In the army August 19, 1861,
and was made f captain In the Second
Michigan Cavalry on September 2 of the
same year. He was thrown from his
horse the next July and -hit in the stom
ach, so he went. on leave of absence. He
Stayed away some-two months and re
turned to service ln September. During
his absence he had been promoted to be
major, and in October, he was again pro
moted, so that he was now. a lieutenant
colonel and transferred" to the Sixth Michi
gan Cavalry- On June 30, 1863. he was
made colonel of the Fifth Michigan Cav
alry. As such he remained for some fif
teen months, when his service ended as
will presently be shown. ■•.-._. ,
Brilliant Service.
As a fighting man -Alger had won very
generous recognition from those Imme
diately over him in rank, and Generals
Custer, Merritt, Pleasanton, Kllpatrick,
Torbert and Sheridan united in recom
mending - him for a brigadier general's
commission as early as 1863. ■ Here is Gen
eral Custer's letter of October 19, 1863,
with the indorsement of Kllpatrick,
Pleasanton and Meade:
"I have the honor to recommend to you
for promotion to the rank of brigadier
general Colonel Russell A. Alger of the
ONE OF THESE CARDINALS MAY BE THE "POPE OF FIRE"
Singular Prophecy Made by the Irish Saint Regarding t&e Succession of Popes.
ONE of the most active factors in
the prevailing gossip In Rome
about a successor to Pope Leo Is
a series of prophecies concerning
occupants of the chair of St. Peter
, made by an Irish monk, St. Ma
lachy, more than seven hundred years
ago.: St.Malachy's remarkable success in
predicting 'the line of papal succession In
the past leads many people to think his
predictions will be again fulfilled on the
death of the present Pope. According to
the Irish saint . the next wearer of the
tiara will be a "man of fire." '
There are several canonical decrees pro
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
Upon M_s R ecord May . Depend the Result of the Presidential Campaign of 1900.,
Fifth Michigan Cavalry, fcr meritorious
conduct in the field, as also for his thor
ough discipline in his regiment, both In
camp and on the march, and his untiring
efforts for the welfare of the regiment
and the good of the service. colonel Al
ger has proved. himself worthy of the
highest confidence.- At Hanover, Gettys
burg, where at the head of his regiment
in the thickest of the fight he showed
great bravery and skill; Hagerstown,
WlHlamsport and - Boonsboro, July 8,
where he was severely wounded while
gallantly leaumg his regiment in one of
Foretold by St. JVlalaehy^
hibitlng electioneering, for the tiara dur
ing the lifetime of a Pope. But, like the
ancient customs of Denmark, they are
more honored in the breach than in, the
observance. So even before there Is* any
certainty of the date of official summons
to the conclave the speculation as to its
possible choice goes on. A few weeks ago
Pope Leo, speaking to a foreign bishop
who was visiting him, said:
. "I. am very old, very far advanced in
years. Yet I require at least another four
years of life to carry -out all my plans,
my- Ideas; four years at the very least.
God alone" knows If they will be grant-
the severest cavalry engagements of the
war. Colonel Alger distinguished himself
by his bravery, coolness and skill, which
particularly shows his fitness for a cav
alry commander." .'..;.'
Meade's Remark.
And here is General Judson Kilpatrick's
Indorsement: "I have witnessed the gal
lantry and skill of Colonel Alger, - "com
manding Fifth Michigan Cavalry, on
many occasions. His prompt and ener
getic action yesterday saved a large por
tion of my command from being captured,
Ed me."
Four years ago, in September of- 1894,
there was also much talk about the Papal
succession. A statement made, by Cardi
nal Parocchl started it. Pope' Leo, re
ferring to . this gossip in a conversation
he had with the Duke of Montalto; said
that perhaps the conclave was yet. far
off, as .he' came of a long-lived family.,
most of the Peccis having been over 90
when they died; and then he added:
"So it seems to me that certain Cardi
nals who interest 'themselves so much as
to my successor rush along too fast. They
wish to divide the skin of the bear while
which would have resulted from v the con
fusion into which they were at one time
thrown. I most cheerfully indorse the
recommendation of Brigadier ' General
Custer, believing Colonel Alger "to be in
every. respect deserving of the position to
which he has been named." ,-. "•»
- This is what General Pleasanton said:
"This recommendation is respectfully
forwarded and- most favorably recom
mended. Colonel Alger will make an
energetic, efficient brigade commander.
His services in that capacity are much
needed- in this corps."
the bear ls yet alive."
-■■. Willing to Wear the Tiara.
. Leo XIII Ib now in the twenty-second
year of his pontificate. Only seven of
the 262 Popes preceding him reigned twen
ty-one years. The average length of the
papal reign Is a little more than seven
years. Ten Popes died within a month
after their election. The shortest reign
was that of Stephen ll— three days. The
choice- of the Pope is usually made from
the Cardinals, but it is not generally
known that a layman might legally be
chosen, provided he shall take holy or
ders before his coronation.
General Meade, however, made this re
mark: "Respectfully forwarded, with the
remark that this recommendation has
been sent in without any call for me for '
recommendation for the appointment of
brigadier general." *- •
This effort, it will be seen, was squelched
by General Meade, without any reflec
tions, however, on the merits of Alger ;
himself. So General Custer bided his
time, and then renewed his recommenda
tion, as follows: .......---.
Custer's Recommendation.
"June 26, 1864.
"I have the honor to recommend that
Colonel R. A. Alger, Fifth Michigan Cav
alry, be promoted to the- rank of briga
dier general United States volunteers.
"This recommendation is based upon the
valuable service of -this officer, in the field..
He has been in the service since the com
mencement of the war. During this pe
riod He has served with distinction lln
every grade from that of captain up to
colonel. He has distinguished himself on
almost every occasion in which our cav
alry has been engaged. His gallantry at
Gettysburg rendered him conspicuous:
also at Boonsboro, where he received a*
severe wound while leading his regiment
In- a charge upon the enemy.
"In the engagements of more recent
date Colonel Alger has borne an Impor
tant part in the battle of Yellow Tavern,
which resulted In the death of the rebel
General Stuart and the capture of two
pieces of artillery. Too much praise can
not be given Colonel Alger for the gal
lantry he displayed. He is particularly
■ • .. .
well qualified for the command of cav
alry; Therefore I respectfully but earn
estly recommend him for promotion."
'This was approved by General Torbert,;
and General Sheridan wrote as follows:
'"I respectfully recommend the appoint
ment of Colonel Alger. Fifth Michigan
Cavalry, to rank of brigadier general of
volunteers. Colonel Alger has distin
guished himself in the engagements at
Todd's Tavern, Meadow Bridge, in front
'of Richmond and at Han's Shop and Tre
villlan Station, in the present campaign,
and has heretofore by his ability and gal
lant conduct rendered important services
to the Government."
' Sheridan to the Rescue.
Meade made the same remark as be
fore, and General Sheridan, fearing that
nothing would be done for Alger, wrote
another letter ten days or so -after his
letter just quoted. It Is as follows, and.
as will be seen, this time It was approved
by Meade: . , : .
Headquarters Cavalry Corps, Army of Poto
mac, Jordan's Point, July 11, 1564.
To Brigadier General Seth Williams. Adju
tant General, Army of . the Potomac— General :
_ have the honor to recommend the following
named officers of the Cavalry Corps for promo-
It is known, though, that international
as weir as ecclesiastical politics plays a
considerable part in the election. There
are two parties now in formal active In
fluence among the Cardinals— intran
sigents, or supporters, of the rights of
temporal sovereignty, and the concilia
tlonlsts, who advocate a certain 'measure
of compromise with the Italian Govern
ment. Of the first Cardinal Parocchl, the
present vicar of the Pope. Is the candi
date; of the second Cardinal Vincenzo
Vannutelli Is the leader. Cardinal Ram-
Tolla, the Secretary of State, is believed
to be the ablest man in, the Sacred Col
lege, but, like many another statesman,
this strength Is his greatest weakness as
a candidate. Cardinals Oreglia, Jacoblni
and Satolli are also regarded as avail
able In the clash of the two groups.
There are. of course, outsiders, and it
is in the consideration of these that the
forecasts of St. Malachy's prophecies
come into immediate view In their appli
cation to the personality of the next
Pope. ' - ;'" :-
The Prophet and His Signs.
St. Malachy was an Irish saint, born in
Armagh In the year 1094. He became in
time Archbishop of that see. He was an
Intimate friend of St. Bernard. Abbot of
Clalrvaux. France, and vied in the lat
ter's arms *on November 2. 1148, in his
fifty-fourth year.
His series of prophecies concerning the
succession of Popes has for several hun
dred years been a marvel to succeeding
generations. They are mentioned first In
print by Arnold Wion. a monk of Monte
Casino, in 1595, in his book, "Lignum
Vltae." Another work, written In 1670 by
John Germano and published in Naples,
Is called "The Life, Works and Prophe
cies of Holy St. Malachy." The prophe
cies are also to be found in a "History of
the Popes." dated Lyons, 1688; in the Abbe
de Vallemonfs "Elements de l'Histoire,"
1702, -.nd other volumes of more recent
date. ••-""•"-• .* .''-■■- —-_. _
These predictions are short forecasts,
giving some noticeable trait of all the
future Popes, from Celestlne 11, who was
elected in the year 1130, until the end of
time, which. In accordance with this
scheme, will come with the tenth Pontiff
after the incumbent's reign is over.
As the good saint has.' however, not in
dicated the duration of each reign, the
average mortal of. to-day need have no
immediate terror of the general judg
ment. The coincidences of the predictions
have In many instances been most re
markable. It would take up too much
space to go over the whole list. Those
for the Pontiffs of the present century
will serve 'to show the scefpe of the proph
ecies and their seeming accuracy.
; :>'. ' Tests of This Century.
Pope Pius VI was elected February 15.
1775. St. Malachy' title for him was
"Peregrlnus Apostollcus"— the Apostolic
Pilgrim. He died an exile after much
journeying in France. The titles predict
ed for his 'successors were as follows:
1800— "Aquilla Rapax"— the Rapacious
Eagle. Pius VII had a black eagle in
his coat of arms. The eagles of Napo
leon seized his dominions and carried the
Pope himself Into exile. It was only when
Napoleon was overborne at Waterloo that
he returned to Rome and his. throne, in
May, 1814. . - '
, 1823-r-"Canis et Coluber"— Dog and Ser
pent. Pope Leo XII was, like these two
Every Effort
Being Made
to Oust Him
From the Cabinet.
tion to the grades set opposite to their names:
Colonel Alger, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, to
brigadier general, volunteers.
-. Please find herewith ■■»>-■-_ letters of recom
mendation for * * * Letters requesting tha
promotion of • * * Colonel Alger, Fifth Mich
lgan Cavalry, • • • have already been for
warded.' ' *** *
' I am. general, very respectfully your most
obedient servant. 1' H. SHERIDAN,
Major General Commanding.
General Meade approved this, but Gen
eral Grant sent lt to the War Department
with this letter:
"Respectfully forwarded with the re
mark that the officers herein recommend
ed are worthy, meritorious and worthy of
promotion to till any vacancies that may
exist, but I would respectfully suggest
that if any promotions are to be made or
vacancies filled justice to the entire army
would demand that they be not made un
til recommendations for promotion, etc.,
for meritorious services can also be (> ob
tained from the Southwestern army.
So here it will be seen that It was Gen-
eral Grant "who stood In the way of Al
ger's immediate promotion. We find him,
therefore, much discouraged and most
anxious to get away -so as -to ..look.- after
things In Washington or to go to Michi
gan and attend to his plunging business.
Promotion in the army had come to him
rapidly, and it was galling to him to re
main in one grade for more than a year.
We have seen what his commanders
thought of him— they approved of him
most highly, they wanted him to be ad
vanced. But his zeal was gone; he had
tired of being a mere colonel.
Then again his pine lands needed at
tention—something might happen to
them. And so the gallant Colonel, as we
will see by a further glimpse at his rec
ord, deliberately threw his career away.
His applications for leave when he was
needed with his command and his ab
sences without leave wore out the pati
ence of Custer, who had him reported to
Sheridan's headquarters. Custer was
asked for a further report, and sent In
this history of the case, dated September
16, 1864: , : T
Absent Without Leave.
"In compliance with the Instructions of
Contlnued on Page Thirty-Two.
natures, watchful, patient and prudent.
IS29— "Vir Religious"— Most Religious
Man. Pius VIII was a most pious and
saintly Pope. _ . .y
IS_l— "De Balnels Etrunae"— From the
Baths of Tuscany. Pope Gregory ~X\ I
was a native of Belluno and a Camaldo
lese monk from Camaldoll. in Tuscany.
1846— "Crux de Cruce"— Cross from the
Cross. Pope Pius IX was one of the most
afflicted of the Pontiffs. He was exiled
from 1848- to 1850 and despoiled of two
thirds of bis possessions. Finally in 1870
Victor Emmanuel -took possession of
Rome itself, and the Pope died eight
years later, "the -prisoner of the \ ati
can." The royal house of Savoy, his per
secutors, has a white cross on its, armo
rial bearings. .
"Lumen in Coelo"— Light in the
Heavens. The family crest of the Peccls,
Pope Leo's escutcheon, has this distin
guishing mark. ■ _' ■'•
End of the Papal Line.
Only ten more Popes will follow Leo
XIII. according to St. Malachy. and for
these he has set forth these titles:
1. "Ignis Ardens"-Ardent Fire.
2. "Religio Depopulata"— Religion Ex-
3 |s'lntrepldla"-Intrepid _ ...
3 "Fides Intrepidia"-Intrepid Faith.
-4. "Pastor Angeltcus" -The,.. Angelic
.Pastor
5. "Pastor et Nauta"— The Pastor and
S 6 n Flos Florum"— The Flower of Flow-
Cr 7." "De Medietate Lunae"— From the
Midst of the Moon. - .
8. "De Lahore Soils"— From the Eclipse
of the Sun.
9. "Gloria Ollvae"— Glory of the
Olive.
10. Petrus Romanus"— Peter of Rome.
. "During the last persecution of the
church Peter 11, a Roman, shall reign,"
says St. Malachy. "He shall feed the
flock In many tribulations, at the end of
which the City of Seven Hills (Rome)
will be destroyed and the powerful Judge
shall judge his people." ?.'.;'."•'
St. Bridget of Sweden Is also credited
with . a prophecy that the world would
end In 1999.
Who Is the Man?
Such being the forecast, whenever a
Pope's reign ended there has been much
speculation as to the Cardinal whose per
sonality would fit the prediction for the
next one. A Cardinal who Is a likely can
didate is called "papabile," and his ad
herents "papegglantl." At present two
names are suggested from the roll of the
Sacred College as those for whom the
Malachlan prophecy was intended. One
is that of the former general of the bare
footed Carmelites, Cardinal Glrolamo
Gottl. The other ls that of Cardinal
Dominico Svampa, Archbishop .of Bo
logna. • *
The title given by St. Malachy for the
next Pope, it will be remembered, Is
"Ignis Ardens"— ardent or blazing fire.
Admirers of Cardinal Gottl say his piety,
zeal and fervor for the Papacy and the
church fUi.y carry out this allegorical
designation. He is the son of a dock la
borer, and was born at Genoa March 29,
1834. It Is a notable fact about the pres
ent College of Cardinals that a majority
of them, and with only two or three ex
ceptions, the leading members are all
men of the most democratic and humble
origin, who have risen to their present
rank by sheer force of their intellectual
ability.Special to Th* Sunday Call. Copyright-: IS-3,
by A. Co_a_t Doyle.
A STEAM tug was puffing wheez
lly in front of the high-masted
bark-rigged clipper. With her
fresh painted glistening black
sides, her sharp sloping bows
and her cut-away counter she
was the very picture of a fast,
well-found ocean going sailing ship,
but those who knew anything about
- her may have made her the text of
a sermon as to how the British seaman
• was being elbowed out of existence.
' In this respect she was the scandal of
the river. Chinamen. French, Norwe
gian, Spaniards. Turks— carried an
epitome of the human race. They were
working hard cleaning up the decks
and fastening down the hatches, but
the big burly mat- tore his hair when
he found that hardly a man on board
could understand an order In English.
Captain John Smith had taken his
younger brother, George Smith, a *** a
passenger and companion for the voy
--_ in the hope that It might be bene
ficial to his health. They were seated
- now at each side of the round table.
."an onen bottle of champagne between
-them, when the mate came In answer
to a summons, his eyes still smolder
ing after his recent outbursts.
"Well, Mr. Kars-- said the cap
tain, "we have a long six months be
"fore us. I dare say. before we raise
the light of Singapore. I thought you
might ilk- to join us in a glass to our
better acquaintance and to a lucky
voyage." , . ,
He was a jovial, genial soul, this
captain, with good humor shining
'.from his red weather-stained face. The
mat-- gruffness relaxed before his
kindly words, and he tossed off the
srlass of champagne which the other
had filled f or him.
"How does the ship strike you. Mr.
Karswell?" asked the captain.
"There's nothing the matter with the
ship, sir." '■_.
"Nor with the cargo, either, said the
captain. "Champagne we are carry
• ing—a hundred dozen cases. Those
and bales of cloth are our main lading.
How about the crew-, Mr. Karswell?"
The mate shook his head.
* "They'll need thrashing into shape,
an d that's a fact, sir. I've been hus
tling and- driving even since we left
the pool. Why, except ourselves here
and Tafflr, the second mate, there's
hardly an Englishman aboard. The
steward, the cook and the boy are Chi
nese, as I understand. Anderson, the
carpenter. Is a Norwegian. There's
Early, the lad, he's English. Then
there's one Frenchman, one Finn, one
Turk, one Spaniard, one Greek and one
negro, and as to the rest I don't know
what they are. for I never saw the
match of them before."
"They are from the Philippine Isl
ands, half Spanish, half Malay," the
captain answered. "We call them
Manila men. for that's the port they
all hail from. You'll find them good
. enou-rh seamen. Mr. KarswelL I'll an
' swer.for it that they work well."
' "I'll answer for it. too." said the big
mate, with an ominous clenching of his
great red fist.
Karswell was hard put tc it to es
tablish any order among the strange
material with which he had to work.
Taffir. the second mate, was a mild
young man. a good seaman and a
pleasant comp*anlon. but hardly rough
- enough to bring this unruly crew to
fer! Karswell must do ft or It would
never be done. The others he could
manage, but the Manila men were dan
gerous. It was a strange type, with
flat Tartan noses, small eyes, low brut
ish foreheads, and lank black hair like
the American Indians. Their faces
were of a dark coffee tint, and they
were all men of powerful physique. Six
of these fellows were on board, Leon.
Blanco, Duranno. Santos, Lopez and
Marsollno, of whom Leon spoke Eng
lish well, and acted as interpreter for
the rest. These were all placed in the
mate's watch together with Watto, a
handsome young Levantine, and Car
. los. a Greek. The more tractable -sea-.
men were allotted to Tafflr for the oth
er" watch. And so on a beautiful July
day holiday makers upon the Kentish
downs saw the beautiful craft as she
s'V.ept past the Goodwins never to be
seen again, save once, by human eyes.
The Manila men appeared to submit
to discipline, but there were lowerins
brows, and sidelong glances which
warned their officers not to trust them
"tco far. Grumbles came from th fore
castle as to the food and water — and
• the" grumbling was perhaps not alto
gether unreasonable. But the mate
was a man of hard nature and prompt
resolution, find the malcontents got lit
tle satisfaction or sympathy from him.
One of them. Carlos, the; Spaniard, en
deavored to keep his bunk upon a plea
of illness, but was draerged or. deck by
the mat", and triced up by the arms
to the bulwarks.
A few minutes afterward Captain
Smith's brother came on deck, ar.d In
formed the captain what was going for
ward. He came bustling up. and hav
ing examined the man he pronounced
h'm to be really unwell and ordered
him hack to his bunk, prescribing some
medicine for him. Such an incident
•"-Quid not nd to preserve discipline,
or to uphold the mate's authority with
the crew. On a later occasion this same
Spaniard beftan Renting with Blanco.
• the b' <T g*"'St and most brutal of the Ma
" nifa men. one using a knife and the
other a handspike.
The two mates threw themselves be.
tween them, nnd in the scuffle thn first
'.mate "felled the Spaniard with his fist.
Tn the meantime the bark pass. safe
' v thrcuch the bay and rar south as
faf-as the latitude of Cape Blanco upon
tb^VAfrican coast. The winds were
- v' r h* nrd upon the 10th of September,
v-hen they had been six weeks out.
thov had [only attained latltadeilS de
crees south nnd longitude M decrees
.- -gjg. n- that morning It was that the
smolderfnff discontent burst Into a
• most terrible flame.
T*He mate's watch was from -one to
' four during which dar'i hours he was
rft ' alone with the savage seamen
whom, he had controlled. No lion
• _mer In a cage could be in more immi
nent pc-il. for death might be crouch
tae in wait for him in any of those
•black shadows which mottled the
moonlit deck. Night after night he
had risked it until immunity had per
haps made him careless, but now at
' las* it came. At six bells or three In
tho morning— about the time when the
first gray t:n_;e of dawn v.v_ appearing
Nutiny
of the
Flowery Land.
in the eastern sky. two of the mulattos,
Blanco and Duranno. crept silently up
behind the seaman and struck him
down with handspikes.
Early, the English lad. who knew
nothing of the plot, was looking out
on the forecastle head at the time.
Above the humming of the foresail
above him and the lapping of the water,
he heard a sudden crash and the voice
of the mate calling murder. He ran
aft and found Duranno. with horrible
persistence, still beating the mate about
the head. When he attempted to Inter
fere the fellow ordered him sternly into
the deckhouse and he obeyed. . In the
deckhouse the Norwegian carpenter
and Candereau, the French seaman,
were sleeping, both of whom were
among the honest men. The boy Early
told them what had occurred, his story
belng corroborated by the screeches
of the mate from outside. The car
penter ran out and found the unfortu
nate fellow with his arm broken and
his face horribly muitllated.
"Who's that.'" he cried, as he heard
steps approaching.
"It's me the carpenter."
"For God's sak : get me into the
cabin!" " 7... -
The carpenter had stooped with the
intention of doing so, but Marsollno,
one of the conspirators, hit him on the
back of the neck and knocked him
down. The blow was not a dangerous
one, rut the carpenter took it as a
sign that he should mind his own
business, for he went back with impo
tent tears to his deckhouse. In the
meanwhile Blanco, who was the giant
of the party, with the help of another
mutineer, had raised Karswell, and
hurled htm. still yelling for help, over
the bulwarks into the sea. He had been
the first attacked, but he was not the
first to die.
The first of those below to hear the
dreadful summons from the deck was
the captain's brother, George Smith —
the one who had come for a pleasure
trip. He ran up the companion and
had his head beaten to pieces with
handspikes as he emerged. Of the per
sonal characteristics of this pleasure
tripper the only item which has been
handed down is the grim fact that he
was so slight that one man was able
to throw his dead body overboard. The
captain had been aroused at the same
time and had rushed from his room
into the cabin. Thither he was fol
lowed by Leon, "Watto and Lopez, who
stabbed him to death with their knives.
There only, remained Taffir. the second
mate, and his adventures may be treat
ed with less reticence since they were
happier in their outcome.
He was awakened In the first gray
of dawn by the sounds of smashing
and hammering upon the companion.
To so experienced a seaman those
sounds at such an hour could have
carried but one meaning, and that the
most terrible which an officer at sea
can ever learn. With a sinking heart
he sprang from his - bunk and rushed
to the companion. It was choked by
the sprawling figure of the captain's
brother, upon whose head a rain of
blows was still descending. In trying
to push his way up Taffir received a
crack which knocked him backward.
Half distracted he rushed back Into
the cabin and turned down the lamp.
which was smoking badly — a graphic
little touch which helps us to realize
the agitation of the last hand which
lit it. He then caught sight of the
body of the captain pierced with many
stabs and lying in his blood-mottled
nightgown upon the carpet. Horrified
at the sight he ran back into his berth
and locked the door, waiting in a help
less quiver of apprehension for the
next move of the mutineers. He may
not have been of a very virile char
acter, but the circumstances were
enough to shake the most stout-heart
ed. It is not an hour at which a man
Is at his best, that chill hour of the
opening dawn, and to have seen the
two men, with whom he had supped
the night before, lying in their blood.
seems to have completely unnerved
him. Shivering and weeping he lis
tened with straining ears for the foot
steps which would be the forerunners
of death.
At last they came, and of a half
dozen men at least, clumping heavily
down the brass-clamped steps of the
companion. A hand beat roughly upon
his door and ordered him out. He
knew that his frail lock was no protec
tion, so he turned the key and stepped
forth. It might well have frightened a
stouter man, for the murderers were
all — Leon. Carlos. Santos, Blanco,
Duranno. Watto dreadful looking folk
most of them at the best of times, but
now. armed with their dripping knives
and crimson cudgels, and seen in that
dim morning light, as terrible a group
as ever a writer of romance hos con
jured up in his imagination. The Manila
men stood in a silent semicircle round
the door, with their savage Mongolian
faces turned upon him.
"What are you going to do with me?"
he cried. "Are you going to kill me?"
He tried to cling to Leon as he spoke,
for as the only one who could speak
English he had become the leader. : .. -
"No," said Leon; "we are not going
to kill you. But we have killed the
captain and the mate. Nobody on
board knows anything of navigation.
You must navigate us to where we can
land."
The trembling mate, hardly believing
th" comforting assurance of safety,
eagerly accepted the commission.
"Where shall I navigate you to?" he
asked. .v.y^y.i
There, was a whispering in Spanish
among the dark-faced men. and it was
Carlos who answered in broken Eng
lish. 7--:*--7 v '-*
Take up River Platte," said he.
"Good country' Plenty Spanish!" And
so it was agreed.
And now a cold fit of disgust seems
to have passed through those callous
ruffians, for they brought down mops
and cleaned out the cabin. A rope was
slung round the captain and he was
hauled on deck. Taffir, to his credit be
It told. Interfering to impart some de
cency to the ceremony of his burial.
"There goes the captain," cried Watto,
the handsome Levantine lad, as he
heard the splash of the body. "He'll
never call us names any more." Then
all hands were called into the saloon
with the exception of Candereau, the
Frenchman, who. remained at the
wheel. Those who were Innocent hac
to pretend approval of the crime to save
their own lives.
The captain's effects were laid ouv
upon the table and divided into seven
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, aU__TpA"__"-' MARCH 19, 1599.
teen shares. Watto insisted that it
should only be eight shares, as only
eight were concerned In the mutiny,. but
Leon with greater sagacity argued that
every one should be equally involved in
the crime by taking their share of the
booty. There were money and clothes
to divide, and a big box of boots which
represented some little commercial ven
ture of the captain's. Every one was
stamping about in a new pair. The ac
tual money came to about £10 each,
and the watch was set aside to be sold
and divided later. Then the mutineers
took permanent possession of the cabin,
the course of the ship was altered for
South America and the 111-fated bark
began the second chapter of her in
famous voyage.
The cargo had been broached and
the decks were littered with open cases
of champagne from which every one
helped himself as he passed. -There
was a fusillade of popping corks all
day, and the air was full of the faint,
sickly sweet smell of the wine. The
second mate was nominally command
er, but he was a commander without
the power to command. From- morn
ing to night' he was. threatened and in
sulted, and it was only Leon's inter
ference and the well-grounded convic
tion that they could never make the
land without him, which saved him
from their daily menaces. They gave
a zest to their champagne carousals by
brandishing their knives - In -his face.
All the honest men were subjected to
the same treatment. '• ■:-_;.-'■
Santos and Watto came to the Nor
wegian carpenter's whetstone to shar
pen their knives, explaining to him as
they did so that they would soon use
them on his throat. Watto, the hand
some lad, declared that he had already
killed sixteen men. He ' wantonly
stabbed the Inoffensive Chinese stew
ard through the fleshy part of the arm.
Santos said to Candereau, the French
man, "In two or three days I shall kill
you!"
"Kill me then!" cried Candereau with
spirit. " :.„
"This knife." said the bully, "will
serve you the same that it has the
captain."
There seems to have been no attempt
upon the part of the nine honest men
to combine against the eight rogues.
As they were all of different races and
spoke different languages it is not sur
prising that they were unable to make
head against the armed and unanimous
mutineers.
And then there befell one of those
Incidents which breaks the monotony of
long sea voyages. The topsails of a
ship showed above the horizon and
soon there rose her hull. Her course
would take her across their bows, and
the mate asked leave to hall her, as he
was doubtful as to his latitude.
* "You may do so," said Leon. "But
if you say a word about us you are a
dead man."
The strange ship .hauled her yard
aback when she saw that the other
wished to speak her. and the two lay
rolling in the Atlantic swell within
a hundred yards of each other.
"We are the Friend ■of 'Liverpool,"
cried an officer. "Who are you?"
"We are the Louisa, seven days out
from Dieppe for Valparaiso," answered
the unhappy mate, repeating what
the mutineers whispered to him. The
longitude was asked and given, and
the two vessels parted company. With
yearning eyes the harassed man looked
at the orderly decks and the well
served officer of the Liverpool ship.
while he in turn noticed with surprise
those signs of careless handling which
would strike the eye of a sailor in the
rig and management of the Flowewy
Land. Soon the vessel was hull down
upon the horizon and in an hour, the
guilty ship was again alone in the vast
ring of the ocean.
This meeting was very nearly being
a fatal one to the mate, for it took all
Leon's influence to convince the other
ignorant and suspicious seamen that
they had not been betrayed. But a
more dangerous time still was before
him. It must have been evident to him
that when they had made their landfall
then was the time when he was no
longer necessary to the crew and when
they were likely to silence him forever.
That which was their goal was likely
to prove his death warrant.
Every day brought him nearer to this
Inevitable crisis, and then at last on
the night of the 2d of October the look
out man reported land ahead. The
ship was at once put about, and in the
morning the South American coast was
a dim haze upon the western horizon.
When the mate came upon deck he
found the mutineers in earnest con
clave about the forehatch, and their
looks and gestures told him that it was
his fate which was being debated. Leon
-was again on the side of mercy. "If
you like to kill the carpenter and the
mate, you can: I shall not doit." said
he. There was a sharp difference of
opinion upon the matter, and the poor,
helpless mate waited like a sheep near
a knot of butchers.
"What are they going to do with
me?" he cried to Leon, but received no
reply. "Are they going to kill me?" he
asked Marsollno.
"I am not, but Blanco is," was the
discouraging reply.
However, the thoughts of the muti
neers were happily diverted by other
things. First, they clewed up the sails
and dropped the boats alongside. The
mate having been deposed from his
command there . was no commander at
all. so that everything was chaos. Some
got into the boats and some remained
upon the decks of- the vessel. The mate
found himself in one boat, which con
tained Watto. Paul the Sclavonlan,
Early, the ship's boy. and the Chinese
cook. They rowed a hundred yards
away from the ship, but were recalled
by Blanco and . Leon. It shows how
absolutely - the honest men had lost
their spirit; that though they were four
to one in this particular boat they
meekly : returned when they were re
called. ' _,'■"'-- _7-
The' Chinese cook was ordered on
deck, and the others were allowed to
float astern. The unfortunate steward
had descended Into another boat, -but
Duranno pushed him overboard. .He
swam for a long time, bepgihg hard for
his life, but "Leon and Duranno pelted
him with empty champagne bottles
fey .'A cs h_*n V^iMfTLlo
_________________ FIU ■nil i i i mini ___*<3
from the deck until one of them struck
him on the head and sent him to tha
bottom. The same men took Cassap,
the little Chines^ boy. into the cabin.
Candereau, the French sailor, heard
him cry out. "Finish me quickly then'"
and they were the last words that he
ever spoke. ..' .."r-. ■
■ In the meantime the carpenter had
been led Into the hold by the other mu
tineers and ordered to scuttle th» ship.
He bored four holes forward and four
aft, and the water began to pour In.
The crew sprang into the boats, one
small one and one large one. the former
In tow of the latter. So Ignorant and
thoughtless were they that they were
lying alongside as the ship settled
down in the water, and would Infallibly
have been swamped If the mate had not
Implored them, to push off. The Chi
nese cook had been left on board. and
had clambered into the, tops.- so that
hi s gesticulating figure was almost the
last that was seen, of the - ill-omened
Flowery Land as she settled down un
der the leaping waves. Then the boats,
well laden with plunder, made slowly
for the shore. - - ,- r. '• '**
It was 4 In the afternoon upon the
4th of October that they ran their boats
upon the South American beach.. It
was a desolate spot, so they . tramped
inland, rolling along 'with the gait of
seamen ashore, their bundles .upon
their shoulders. Their story was that,
they were the shipwrecked crew of an
American ship from Peru to Bordeaux.
She had foundered a hundred miles out,
and - the captain and - officers were in
another boat which had parted com
pany. They had been five days and
nichts upon the sea.
Toward evening they came upon the
estancla of a lonely farmer, to -whom
they told their tale, and from whom
they received every hospitality. Next
day •hey were all driven over to the
nearest town of Rocha. Candereau and
the mate got an opportunity, of escap
ing that night, and within twenty-four .
hours their story had beer, told to the
authorities, and the mutineers were all
in the hands of the police.
Of the twenty .men who had started
from London in the Flowery Land six
had' met their deaths from violence.
There remained fourteen, of whom
eight were, mutineers and six were des
tined to be the witnesses against them.
No more striking example could be
given of the long arm and steel hand
of the British law than that within a
very few* months this mixed erew —
Sclavonlan, negro, Manila ' men, Nor
wegian. Turk and Frenchman — gath
ered on the shore of the distant Ar
gentine were all brought face to face at
the Central Criminal Court in the heart
of London town.
The trial excited great attention on
account of the singular crew and the
monstrous nature of their crimes. The
death of the officers did less to rouse
the prejudice of the public and to in
fluence the jury than the callous mur
der.of the unoffending Chinaman. The
great difficulty was that of apportion
ing the blame among so many men and
of determining which had realty been
active in the shedding of blood. Taf
fir. the mate. Early, the ship's boy,
Candereau, the Frenchman, and An
derson, the carpenter, all gave their
evidence, some incriminating one and
some another.
The sentence of the law was carried
out in front of Newgate upon the 22d
of February. Five ropes jerked con
vulsively for an instant, and the trag
edy of the Flowery Land had reached
its fittins consummation.
1920
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
RUNNING TO WASTE
Tremendous Power and Untold Wealth Stored in the Great Watersheds
of California— What Is Being* Done to Control' Them. ;,'
• * \. j ■_ *
THE average flow of the Sacramento generates more than dou
ble the power of Niagara. 77_ -.•..'
The little Yuba, when-flooded with one-tenth Niagara's vol
ume. Is 50 per cent more powerful. - '"'-.,'" _,
At low market rates the mighty force of the Sacramento is worth
$1,605,280,000 a year.  7, ■'_"_ i "ii: ' : *7\
In the spring the Sacramento gets up sometimes. the theoretical
potency of seven j Niagaras, while the San Joaquin system wastes
•millions of horse-power. All the machinery in America would pro
vide a small Job for all the Sierra Nevada s streams
The western slope of the Sierra Nevadas sends down an aver
age annual water supply of 1,757,028,240,000 cubic feet, but it runs away
and people want rain. The Sacramento River drains off enough wa
ter yearly to flood that valley ten feet deep.
THERE are some remarkable things
to be told about California waters,
and the recent movement to do .
something toward saving and us- ,
ing them makes their telling
timely.
There Is ln general hut a very
Blight conception of the significance and .
the possibilities of the swarm of streams .
that ceaselessly rush down the mountain
slopes of the State to find the restless sea.
Few would guess that tho Sacramento
and San Joaquin would make three Niag
aras, when the spring floods have gather- '
ed In their channels, and that the incon
ceivable power generated by these waters
in their descent would turn every wheel
In America and leave a few million horse
power for Europe. t
These mountain streams are nature s
greatest gift to California, and the one
most lavishly wasted. There is a wide
difference between the theoretical and the
practicable possibilities of a water supply,
but the former are easier dealt with on
paper and they illustrate the latter.
The "floor" of the great central valley
of the State— the comparatively level plain
bounded by the base line of the foothills
—is 15,709 square miles in area. Of this
the floor of the San Joaquin Valley occu
pies 11,513 square miles, and the floor of
the Sacramento Valley 4196 square miles.
Now the water that flows through the
Sacramento Valley, taking the average
discharge of the Sacramento River for a
period of years, would yearly cover the
floor of this valley to a depth of 10.22 feet.
The average annual discharge of the San
Joaquin River system would similarly «
cover the floor of that valley to a depth
of about a foot and a half. The total
average discharge of both rivers would
cover the two valley floors to a depth of
about four feet.
It is not easy to comprehend the vast
volume of water that pours through this
central valley." Most of lt comes down
the western slope of the Sierra Nevada
Range, through thickly set water courses
that are wild and deep. The streams
pause and muster below, and all meet In
Suisun Bay. The whole drainage area Is
56.213 square miles, more than the area
of the State of New New York. At times
of greatest flood the streams . draining
through this central valley are estimated
to discharge a total of about 1,080,000 cubla
feet per second. The estimated average
discharge of the Niagara River is 275,000
cubic feet per second, or a little more
than a quarter of what all of the Interior
streams of California could show at their
best. This does not mean that anything
like this amount of water reaches the
lower courses of the Sacramento and San,
Joaquin. It ls merely an aggregate of
the estimated maximum floods of all the
streams, little and big.
The figures used in this article are
taken mainly from the reports of State
Engineer W. Ham Hall for 1880 and other
years of that period when an extensive
study of the State's water problems was
made. The estimates were largely made
by C. F. Grunsky and Marsden Manson,
two eminent engineers of the State. Other
data is afforded by reports of Government
engineers.
Taking the average of dry and wet sea
sons, the Sacramento River discharges
about 1.197,300,000,000 cubic feet a year. If
this water were put in a tank one mile
square at the base, the tank would have
to be over eight miles high.
This Is not very much, either, for In
many years the river beats this record by
a few hundred billion cubic feet. For the
whole year 1879-80 the average discharge
was 44.370 cubic, feet per second, and the
estimated quantity 1,402,886,000,000 cubic
feet. !
The Sacramento discharges between
three and four times as much water as
the San Joaquin. * Measurements or estl-j
mates of the flow of the separate streams
of the San Joaquin system where they
enter the valley show an average aggre
gate of 16,083 cubic feet 'per second. A
number of the smaller streams run dry
in summer; the average for the period of
August, September and October Is 3,927
cubic feet per second, while * for May,
June and July lt ls 40,4... The San Joaquin
valley receives an average yearly flow of
water from the. Sierra Nevada slope of
507,729,600,000 cubic feet, which, would,
cover an area of 18,248 square miles one
foot deep. *' '•
The whole western slope of the Sierra
Nevada range pours into the central val
ley an average mean yearly flow of 55,715
cubic feet per second, less the small flow
of Coast Range Creek, and this means
that tHe mountains give to the central
valley an average annual supply of 1,757,
--028,240,000 cubic feet, or enough to cover
an area of 63,024 square miles . one foot
deep. yy":
That looks like plenty of water If It
could be saved up and distributed when
and where It would do the most good.
As things are now, lt does much harm
while doing ' little good. The fall and
spring floods that rush down over the
lowlands work - tremendous devastation.
The lands subject to submergence at
extreme "high water are estimated at
2750 square miles, or more than the area
of Delaware, and every, acre of these
lands is marvelously fertile. 7*"-
The most* striking feature of all this
magnificent water supply is the Incon
ceivable power-latent in It. The might
as well as the majesty, of Niagara has
been the wonder of the world.: The Ni
agara is a babe beside the mighty Sacra
mento in its potentiality, though no one
would guess It to look at the- dirty, lazy
California stream and then at the awe
inspiring cataract.
It is estimated that Niagara has a the
oretical power, of 7,000,000 horsepower, of
which several hundred • thousand horse
power can be practically used. Accord
ing to eminent authority there is now In
use within a radius of 400 miles of the
falls 2,733,000 horsepower by : a population
of ,11,150,000 people. This Includes the great
manufacturing region of America. Within
a radius of 300 miles there is in use
1.967.000 horsepower by a population of
8,246,000.7 It is estimated that the theo
retical power of the falls Is equal to that
of* all the coal mined In the world dally
about 200.000 tons.
Now let us look at the Sacramento. The
great bulk of Its- water comes from the
high altitudes of the Sierra Nevadas. The
valley rainfall is low. It increases with
altitude until over a long portion of the
range It exceeds 60 Inches. The average
height; of the range is over. 8000 feet. These
mountain tops are storm gatherers,; and
the snows are piled deep.. . The drainage
area. of the Sacramento basin Is 26,187
square miles. The valley Itself occupies
but 4200 square miles. As most of the
water comes from high regions, it would
be a conservative estimate to assume that
all the water of the Sacramento comes
from an average elevation of 4500 feet. *-..
: Electrical" engineers assume that one
miner's inch of water, or one and one-half
cubic feet a minute falling 450 feet, will
produce one horse-power. If the average
annual flow of the Sacramento— 37,632 cu
bic feet per second— be assumed to come
from a height of 4500 feet, we have pro
duced 15,052,800' horse-power.. "With the
conservative assumptions here used, we
have in the Sacramento a steady average
potentiality year in and year out that is
moie than double that of Niagara. wan
Francisco uses 60,000 horse-power, at a
yearly cost of $7,200,000. At the value of
$100 a year per horse-power, we find the
Sacramento to be worth at least $1,505,280,
--000 a year for power alone if it could all
be used and sold. This is just the Sacra
mento and Its tributaries taken together.
The San Joaquin system is also mighty to
the extent of a few million horse-power.
The Yuba Is fourth In importance among
the streams that feed the Sacramento, but
it will do for an illustration. It drains an
area of 1329 square miles, and Its head
waters turn the big stamp mills of Ne
vada City and Grass Valley, supply towns
and Irrigate orchards, with small tax on
Its abilities. Like all those streams, its
volume varies greatly. Its extreme low
stage Is 500 cubic feet a second, Its mean
discharge perhaps 1500 cubic feet a second,
and in flood It runs 26,000 cubic feet a sec
ond. Thirty miles above the junction with
the Feather Its altitude is 2650 feet and
its grade 56 feet to the mile. It drains
high areas of Nevada, Sierra and Yuba
Counties. Now this little Yuba, when It
is flooded and discharging 2600 feet a sec
ond is generating a theoretical force of
10 350,000 horse-power, or 50 per cent more
than Niagara Falls. This Is on the as
sumption that all Its water falls on an
average 4500 feet.
The practicability of using economically
this Inconceivable reservoir of power is
another matter,' but nowhere on earth is
there so much available water power so
widely distributed. Nature seems to have
planned those mountains to that end.
High in the mountains are strung for 300
miles clustering lakes without number,
often set in amphitheaters of which the
exits may be dammed. Other amphlthe
ters are natural reservoir sites.. When he
was State Engineer, W. Ham Hall lo
cated seventy-three reservoir sites. The
United Stale's Geological Survey has lo
cated forty-four. California is already
the world's greatest field for electric
power transmission and holds the record
for distance at 80 miles. Power plants
will steadily multiply. Power is already
being brought to Stockton ,from the
mountains, and , an lnflnitesimally small
part of that mountain power will soon be
turning wheels in San Francisco.
C. E. Grunsky,' who has studied Cali
fornia, water 'problems' for many years
and who .has recently written three re-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
ports for the Interior Department, says
of the California field for electric power:
"I expect to see electric power trans
mission have, a large development in Cal
ifornia. The natural advantages ■ are
many. The rest depends on commercial
-and Industrial; conditions.'- The climate,
gives one advantage, in that up ..t0 '3,000
* feet elevation ditches' can be kept open all
winter. " ; Topography -Is favorable in the
number of high spurs and ridges," to ' the
ends of which water can be easily taken
to secure a good fall. Nature bore does
a good deal toward storing water. It Is
stored in the form of snow, which melts
gradually later, and there are a great
many lakes and reservoir; sites which of
fer storage at high altitudes. ' In develop
ing water power- it Is easier to store and
control a small amount of water with a
high fall than a large amount with a low
fall. The Installation of high-head plants
Is cheaper than the Installation of low
head plants. In many ways California is
peculiarly favorable to the development
of electric power."
All this affords a graphic hint of the
possibilities of California waters. The
coast streams and those of Southern Cal
ifornia have mighty potentialities and
promises. In Lassen County, on the east
ern slope of the Sierra Nevadas, Is- Eagle
Lake, altitude 6115 feet, 1500 feet deep,
covering 85,000 acres and storing water
enough to Irrigate 600,000 acres of now
worthless lands lying below It that will
be rich when water comes. A 7,000-foot
tunnel is needed. Tahoe has a mighty
future, when, if ever, a tunnel shall tap Its
vast store of water at an altitude of 6,200
feet , and allow the water to be flumed
to where It can be used at high pressure.
The Yuba Water Company is ready to
supply power for a Holyoke near Cape
Horn.
The Sierra Nevada Mountains thus sup
ply enough water to flood the central val
ley of the State four feet deep yearly,
generate the power of several Niagaras
and provide the means for storing its
waters and for preventing or easing the
floods. It is estimated that in these two
valleys there are 12,000,000 acres of irri
gable land, easy to irrigate and that for
every square mile of Irrigable land there
are three and one-half square miles of
watershed with abundant rainfall.
This Ib the big field of effort that Is just
COST OF HONEYMOONS AT NEW YORK HOTELS
_ _ X BOUT ten thousand honeymoons
■ ■ A are spent in New York hotels
/ \ annually," said the manager of
/ \ one of the big hostelries. "We
•J- ■*■ gauge the figures very nearly
right I fancy. New York is the
Mecca for blushing brides and bride
grooms from the far corners of this coun
try. The city, with its gorgeous hotels
and amusement palaces, has no rival In
the affections of th*' newly wedded pairs
from out of town. We find our bridal
suites in constant demand.*,'
"Is a New York honeymoon too expen
sive for a man with a modest Income, or
can It be brought down to an economical
basis?" asked the reporter.
"That question need not be a vexed
one," replied the hotel man. "A honey
moon-here can be as costly as the purse
can buy, or It can be spent for an amaz
ingly small amount, if you will take. into
consideration the luxury afforded by our
modern hotels. For instance, not long
ago a young Western multi-millionaire
brought his bride here to one of our pal
ace hotels. It cost him $700 a day for. liv
ing expenses. He spent that amount with
the hotel people. :/ 77
"In the hotel at the same time were a
young couple from a New England town
whose dally bills amounted to $11, which
Included their meals In the hotel. Using
these figures, which are entirely accu
rate- one can rendDv see. that ______J______|
being entered by the new State organi
zation in the interest of conserving the
waters. - •
THE ENGINEER'S STORY.
Well. .yes. 'tis a halr-curlln' story— .
I would it could not be recalled. , --,{&
The terrible fright of that hell-tinctured night
Is the cause of my head bein' bald. . ;" .
I was runnin* the Git-There Express, sir;
.On the Yankee Creek Jerkwater line.
An' the* track along there was as crooked, I
• swear, -txyyyy.
'As the growth of a field pumpkin vine.
My run was a night one, an' nights on the
Yank '." £ i*. \-
War' as black as the coal piled back there
on the tank.
"We pulled out of Tenderfoot; station
.A day and almost a half late, Ly-Uyy::
An* every durn wheel was a-poundin' the steel
At a .wildly extravagant rate.
My fireman kep" pilin'. the coal in .
The jaws of the ol' 04.
Till the sweat from his nose seemed to play
yv.'y . through a hose
An" splashed 'round hi* feet on the floor.
As we thundered along like a' demon in flight,
A-rippln' a streak through the breast of the
/-_■"_•-. night.
As we rounded a curve on the mountain,
'. Full sixty an hour, I will swear.
Jest ahead was a sight that with blood-freezln'
fright .
• Would have raised a stuffed buffalo's hair.
The bridge over Ute Creek was burnin'.
The flames shootin' up in their glee;
My God! how they gleamed in the air, till
they teemed
Like fiery-tongued imps on a spree.
Jest snickered an" sparkled an' laughed like
they knowed
I'd make my next, trip on a different road.
In frenzy, I reached for the throttle.
But 'twas stuck, an' refused, to obey.
I yelled In affright, for our maddening flight
I felt that I never could stay. .
Then wildly I grasped the big , lever. :.. .
Threw her over, then held my hot breath,
An' waited for what I assuredly thought
Was a sure an' terrible death. :.";;:
Then came the wild crash, an' with horror
fringed yell •
Down into that great Aery chasm I fell. .
When I came to myself, I was lying
On the floor of . the bedroom; my wife
Sat astride of my form, an' was making it
warm -'-:*•
Fur her darling, you bet your sweet life!
My hair she had clutched in . her. lingers
An" was Jammin' my head on the floor.
Yct~X yelled with delight when I found that
my fright 7;' V
Was a horrible dream, nothing more.
>j"had wildly grabbed one of hey ankles, she
said. *
An' reversed her clear over the head of the
bed.
— Denver Evening Post.
FAREWELL.
"Where are you going, my pretty maid?"
"I'm going a-golling, sir," she said. -.yn
"May I go with you, my pretty maid?"
"If you'll stop swearing, sir," she said.
"Ta-ta to you, my pretty maid;
Why, then I could not play," he said.
—Life.
living here Is not so frightfully exorbitant
as our out-of-town friends imagine. These
two couples were at the most expensive
hotel in the city, which by no means in
sures the fact that it is the best. There
are some half dozen other hotels quite as
good and far cheaper. Of course, there
Is not the magnificent glitter. Besides,
the young people do delight in sending
the crested stationery from the fa— ous
hotel to dazzle the eyes of the home
folks."
Seven hundred dollars seemed a fabu
lous sum for two people to spend in one
day for living. W as the hotel manager a
rival of Munchausen, or did the Western
millionaire steal his Ideas of a honeymoon
from the magnificence of the "Arabian
Nights" ***
Investigation proved that the -young
Westerner had cultivated an unquench
able thirst for modern luxury, Fortune
had kindly relieved him of all thought
for the morrow, so without regard to
cost ho ordered what suited his fancy.
A glance at his bills and the following
items were, gleaned: '77 .
State chamber Waldorf- Astoria, per day.. s3oo 00
Private dining-room 50 00
Adjoining room for maid, electric con
nection*. .' • 13 00
Board for maid • 6 00
Mei-ilf-. wines, etc 100 00
Carriage, exclusive use... 10 00
Tips ••••• 5 00
Room and board for valet 10 00
Flowers for rooms : ,'*4 00
-Total ._._.................. 1700 00
FOUND A RICH HUSBAND
THROUGH AN ORANGE
Romantic Story of a Los Angeles Working Girl Who Has Just Married a
New York Capitalist. ' .
'.>-.;' • 'yyvy-'-y- • ■.. .... i_._i_
■>yy.. MARRIED. - -
STEVENS-MARSHALL.— At the
I home of Mrs. Sarah Newman, In
the village, of -Rose, N. V., Febru
ary '21, 1899, Joseph B. Stevens of
Rochester, N. V., and Miss Nellie
M. Marshall of Los Angeles, Cal.
The bride and groom are now on
a tour of the West Indies and will
be at home In Rochester In Jurte.—
Clyde (N. V.) Times. ■*-•-- .
AMID the snow-clad hills of West
ern New York, in a little rural
village, a fortnight ago there was
the consummation of a very pic
turesque romance. I One seldom
■comes across such a charming bit
of practical sentimentality in these pro
saic days. When Joseph B. Stevens and
Nellie Marshall were joined in wedlock on
the 21st Of last month another chapter
was added to a latter-day love story that
would be a veritable gem In the hands of
a literary artist. The philosophers who
agree that there is nothing graceful ln
the utilitarian, commercial and mechani
cal lives of people ln this generation to
Inspire the idyls of Tennyson, the love
songs of a Wordsworth or the dainty bal
lads of a Tom Moore may And some rea
son to reverse their opinion because of
the little affair of two hearts herewith
narrated. - *..'-'■'.•*•'■
The time of the opening act In this ro
mance was the winter of 1894-95. The
scene was the brown-painted wooden
orange-packing house of. the Fruit Grow
ers' Exchange at Azusa. The beginning
was prosaic enough. Hundreds of people
have done the same thing before, but
none ever had the romantic turn that this
act of , Miss Nellie Marshall's had.
Among the residents In the foothill
hamlet of Glendora, close to Azusa, in
Los Angeles County, several years ago
was Mrs. Agnes Marshall, widow of John
P. Marshall. She had two daughters,
Nellie and Emma, aged 15 and 13 respec
tively. Mrs. Marshall had a few, acres of
Intractable land near the foothills and a
pension of an army veteran's widow. She
and her daughters had com© from Kansas
City during 1890, shortly after Mr. Mar
shall's death.
Miss Nellie Marshall was a particularly
prepossessing girl. W hen she lived in
Kansas City, a child in short dresses, she
was queen of a school children's carnival,
and her rosy cheeks and sparkling black
eyes made her beauty remarked wherever
her mother took her. Among all the girls
In the eastern end of San Gabriel Valley—
Indeed, all that region— Nellie Marshall
was the undisputed beauty. But she
never seemed to know that. Her fresh
pink and white complexion, her chic little
chin, her wealth of hair— black as a
raven's wing— her soft, gentle expression,
her big, brilliant dark eyes, and especially
her graceful, petite ways were the chief
elements of her attractiveness. But her
beaming good-nature, her jollity and her
■ ... ...■.'.'• -
The state chamber In the Waldorf-
Astoria is the most costly in the house.
It is not of great size, but in magnificence
rivals the most famous bedchambers of
European palaces. "V.y.
The room is furnished and decorated
in the style of Francis I. The four-poster
bedstead, with Its canopy, is an exact re
production in walnut of the original in
the museum at Cluny. The cost of the
bed alone. is $3500. The prie dleu in the
room cost $1000. Draperies, carpets, tapes
tries and paintings frame ln rare bric-a
brac and make the room one of beauty
and splendor. .
Meanwhile the couple from New Eng
land were serenely content in their quar
ters at the Waldorf-Astoria. A pretty,
bright room, with adjoining bath and all
modern conveniences, cost them $4 a day.
Three meals, ordered Judiciously from the
elaborate menu, amounted to $6. The
combined tips of husband and -wife
reached the sum of $1, making a total of
$11.
Here Is the memorandum in the hus
band's notebook:
Room at Waldorf- Astoria, per day $ 4 00
Meals, three for two people 6 00
Tips to maid and waiters 100
Total $11 00
...*■...■ ■ . !----; ...
These two young people enjoyed the
public dining-room. Seeing well-dressed
guests at table was one of the sights of
their trips. There were music, lights and'
flowers galore in the hotel, which they
were at as much liberty to enjoy for their
$11 as the Western pair for their $700.
musical laugh made her even more pleas
ing among all who knew her.
Once when she was in Los Angeles on a
visit a florist, who had designed a chariot J
of red roses arid white carnations for the
great floral parade during la fiesta week,
vainly begged, pursued and finally offered
a good-sized sum of money to Nellie Mar
shall to ride In his floral chariot during
the parades, and thereby add to the at
tractiveness of the display.
The widow Marshall and . her two
-daughters, found their foothill property
unproductive without irrigation, and they
had no money to buy water with. Times
grew harder and more serious with the
little family. The girls left school and
went to work to do their share toward
paying off _ the mortgage on the home
place. The mother got out to work
with her horse and plow to save a man's
hire. Nellie* and Emma worked in the
apricot and prune drying yards in the
fall of 1894. They were -nimble workers,
and, throwing their whole soul into their
work, they each earned 75 cents a day at
cutting fruit and arranging it on the
wooden trays for drying out in the sun
shine.
When the orange harvesting season
came on ln January Nellie, like nearly all
the country girls In the locality, went
over to Azusa to pack oranges. For weeks
the Marshall family had looked forward
to that time, and it was considered a
thankful boon which the fruit shippers
were granting in permitting Nellie to
earn a few dollars there. By, faithful
work and deftness ln handling and wrap
ping the fruit and then "-placing it in a
box, according to Its particular size, the
girl could earn sometimes $1 a day. For
weeks she rose six days in the week at
5 o'clock, walked two miles to the pack
ing house, ate a cold bite of a meal out
of her basket at noon, and walked home
at night.
But there were times of jollity and joke
ln the orange packing house. Once dur
ing the noon hour while the girls were
resting some one proposed that lt would
be fun to write a lot of humorous and
sentimental messages on bits of paper
and to wrap the same ln with the oranges
they were that day packing for the East
ern markets. Some of the girls had heard
of such things, and it appealed to their
sense of a lark. The scheme was dis
cussed in whispers among the stacks of
orange boxes and the heaps of oranges.
Of course the foreman must not know the
girls' scheme, much less the superintend
ent at the packing house.
Several girls got pencils and wrote la
conic messages, as funny as they knew
how, on tiny pieces of paper. One or two
wrote couplets they remembered having
seen on valentines. The messages and
sentiments were signed by genuine or fic
titious names. That afternoon the little
papers bearing' the schoolgirl penmanship
were one by one stealthily tucked in
among the oranges and their tissue paper
wrappers.
Nellie Marshall was in the scheme.
She always participated in any girlish
lark projected In her bailiwick. She
wrote a dozen or a score of notes, all
substantially the same, as follows:
"These oranges were packed by a ro
mantic girl in the wild and woolly West.
If you wish- further information let Nel
lie Marshall, Azusa, Cal., know It."
The oranges went away in a carload lot
the following day, and in a few days the
girls In the packing house forgot about
their message-writing lark. Once *or
twice during the season other messages—
sometimes bits of comic verse, sometimes
a bit of innocent fun and other times ad
dresses only— were written, and, unknown
to the foreman, were tucked In with the
packed oranges. *.'.-. yy :-', '"•; ■■' ; "
The days of the orange shipments pass
ed. Carload after carload of the fruit
rolled away to the East. Winter merged
into spring. The girls at the packing
house never spoke more of the notes they
had sent to market with the oranges.
The season was drawing to a close. Nel
lie Marshall had left the packing, house
and had gone home to the Glendora ranch
to help her ill" mother.
Among the advertised letters at the
Azusa postoffice one day in May was a
letter for Miss Nellie Marshall. When It
was brought to the foothill home over at
Glendora every one there was surprised to
find that It was from one Joseph B. Stev
ens of Rochester, N. Y. -
Then the secret of the messages that,
the girls In the packing house had writ
ten for fun was recalled and told. Mr.
Stevens wrote that he had bought some
Los Angeles oranges, and among them
was a note from Nellie Marshall. His
curiosity was aroused, inasmuch as he
had relatives' in Pasadena, and he had
spent a winter In the San Gabriel Valley
a year previous. He politely asked " the
Information vouchsafed in the note he
had found wrapped among his oranges.
Now some conventional girls would
have tossed the letter from a stranger
Into the fire, and have blushed at the
memory of a schoolgirl epistolatory larK
Some mothers would have reprimanded
their daughters for writing notes Indis
, criminately to people. But Nellie Marshall
believed she saw an. honest young man
back of the letter she., had, and her
mother, after some mental debate, saw no
harm in at least a civil message n ™, n f '
ing receipt, of _ a letter from 3000 miles
away. '•'- ■■'". '*. „~_.-„
From that a regular correspondence
grew. At- flrst the letters- were brief ana
formal. Mr. Stevens, gave references as
to his reputation and family. He tola or
people, in Pasadena who* had known him
from his birth, and his parents for yea"
before that. When the summer of 1895
had slid into fall the letters between tho
little white house on the foothill ranch
and Rochester, N. V., became more fre
quent. Photographs were exchanged, and
at once there came a big fat letter with a
row of postage stamps upon the envelope,
showing that the correspondent in Roch
ester was charmed at the picture of his
California correspondent. ■ "<•■
Very quickly a cousin of Mr. Stevens
drove out from Pasadena and called upon
the Marshalls. Then the Marshalls were
invited to visit in Pasadena. Meanwhile
the mails between Glendora and Roches
ter were not neglected. Important let
ters shuttled also between Pasadena and
Rochester. More photographs were ex
changed and then came the period of gift
making.
In the winter of 1895-96 Mrs. Marshall
and her daughters sold their foothill
home and moved to Los Angeles, where
Miss Nellie became a clerk in a candy
store. Mr. Stevens came to Southern Cali
fornia, on a flying trip between his pro
fessional duties. One of the carriage
rides he took with Miss Marshall was a
drive to Azusa to the orange packing
house, where his flrst message among the
oranges a year before had he-en written.
When Mr. Stevens went back to Roches
ter he left a solitaire diamond ring on
the hand of his fiancee.
The course of true love, as the poet
says, never did run true. In this case it
ran over boulders so huge and surged
curves so sharp that many a stream of
love would have spent itself among the
rocks before it reached the broad and
smooth river of matrimony. Mr. Ste
vens* parents had hopes for marriage in
another direction, and both they and Mrs.
Marshall objected to a marriage with a
young lady under 18. Some impatient let
ters went between Los Angeles and Roch
ester. Then the letters grew more infre
quent. Then shorter. Finally they
ceased, and there was a return of former
gifts. Each resolved to forget the other,
and each thought their romance closed.
Mr. Stevens inherited a large fortune in
the fall of 1896, and he went to Europe
with bis sisters. While in Italy In the.
winter of 1896-97 he met an old school-*
mate of his from Rochester, who was
traveling with her parents. . Before he left
for America he was engaged to marry
her. Meanwhile Mrs. Marshall had died
and her daughters went to live in the
family of an uncle in Ventura, where
Miss Nellie was employed in the •fflce of
a nursery concern.
The marriage of Mr. Stevens and his
affianced was fixed for the early summer
of 1897. He built a beautiful home at Vlck
Park, in Rochester,- and was planning for
Its furnishing with all that. wealth could
buy, when his promised bride took 111 and
died with pneumonia. He was almost
crazed with grief, fHe went to Mexico
and Cuba and sold the home he had built.
A year ago he came out to Los An
geles. Very naturally his mind went back
to his last former visit in .Southern Cali
fornia. His relatives in Pasadena told
him they had lost track of Miss Nellie
Marshall after she" had moved away from
Los Angeles. The candy-store where she
was once employed behind the counter
had changed hands, and no one there
could answer Mr. Stevens' adroit ques
tions concerning Miss Marshall. Some one
said she had married and moved away to
San Francisco.
He had given up his quest (for simple
curiosity) after Miss Marshall, when he
happened to run across a picture of her
In a showcase In a photographer's gal
lery. All his old-time love came surging
back. He renewed his inquiries and he
came across a friend whom he had piet
In Los Angeles two years before,, and
then he learned that Miss Marshall was
In Ventura. . : . "
The next chapter In the romance covers
several, weeks In the spring of 1888. Mr.
Stevens ' .went to. .Ventura and wandered
about the town until he met Miss Mar
shall. He renewed his suit and was final
ly accepted. Miss Marshall visited at the
home of his relatives in Pasadena. A
date for the wedding was set last June, i
but suddenly there came the news of the-*
death of Mr. Stevens' .-brother, with
Shafter in Cuba," and he had to hasten to
Florida. ' •..-*-*-
Letters passed between" Pasadena and
Rochester daily for -weeks. Mr. Stevens
planned a dozen times to ! come to Cali
fornia and claim his bride, but he had
securities that the war demanded his con
stant watching. 7:. Last. November Miss
Marshall and her sister, went East to
visit an aunt at Rose, N. Y. There Mis*.
Marshall was stricken with the grip early
in December,; and for weeks she was
alarmingly ill. -
She recovered measurably in February,
and at the earliest opportunity she and
Mr. Stevens were married. It was a sim
ple wedding at the home of the bride's
aunt on a New' York farm. In the* hour
of their joy the bride and groom did not
forget the romantic way they became ac
quainted." Amid the many..telegrams of
remembrance sent* to California that day
was one to Mrs. Joseph B. (Stevens' girl
associates In the Azusa packing-house
reminding them of the day, almost four
years to a day previous, when the senti
mental notes, were scribbled and wrapped
ln with the packed oranges,'.
Joseph B. Stevens Is an -only surviving
son 01 the. late ex-State Senator Lucius
M. Stevens of Brooklyn.* His uncle on his
maternal side was . William . E Dodge a
millionaire banker-philanthropist in New
York City tventy # years ago. Mr Stevens
was graduated from Yale; four or five
years ago and was a lawyer in Rochester
until he Inherited large property Interests
stocks and bonds, which now require his
whole attention. He and his bride haveL
gone on a tour of Porto Rico, Cuba and
the Bahama Islands. .SHOOTING THE CLOUDS
TO MAKE
RAIN
LAST week Professor Lowe asked the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce to pay the charges in his attempt to ' break the
drought in that vicinity by artificial means. Called before the
chamber to explain what he proposed doing to produce the
much-needed rain he said he would Ignite gases and high ex
plosives in the air and by condensation produce rain. Professor Lowe
stated that 58000 would cover the cost of the explosives required and
also furnish a plant that might be used in the future. His offer was
taken under advisement. < /._-
The proposition he made again brings forward the arguments and
demonstrations of the "rain- makers" of the past decade. * Professor
Lowe is a stanch advocate of the plan. Below will "be found the
Story of the experiments and studies he made to arrive at his conclu
sions and also the ideas of eminent professors on the same subject —
rain-making.
LOS ANGELES, March Can ra n
be artificially produced in South- S
crn California? is the leading topic
which engrosses all manner of
men.* Its solution, in a way to
prove the contentions favoring the
theories declaring its possibility, would be
of untold value to this region.
The declaration that Professor T. 8. C.
Lowe of Mount Lowe makes, that rain
can be produced by the employment of
scientific apparatus of his own designing,
has created a discussion In this land of
sunshine that is aching for rain that will
not subside until the experiment has
shown that he is right or that his deduc
tions are wrong.
Opinion is divided as to the practicabil
ity of Professor Lowe's novel plans, but
ln that he has an advantage over rftany
other scientific savants before him, and
now over many of his 'earlier experiences,
In that he is not alone In his belief.
The Chamber of Commerce has taken up
the question of attempting to produce
rain by artificial means, in the hope that
moisture may be produced to relieve the
thousands of dry acres In vine, fruit and
grain.
Professor Lowe tells the Chamber of
Commerce that it is flulte possible to pro
duce rain by artificial means when the
•atmospheric conditions are favorable, as
they are oftener than there Is need of a
downpour. : '■'■/ "V
In order to produce moisture Professor
lx>we says that he would apply his own .
■ystem of aeronautics with additions of
detonating and gaseous explosion, so de
signed to change, the upper atmosphere rs
to force together the elements, which un
der natural conditions result In rainfall.
Professor Lowe was called upon by the
Chamber of Commerce for a statement of
DR. EISEN DECLARES THE IDEfI IMPRAC
TIC^BLE.
"How can you get moisture cut of ths air' when
there is no moisture in it? If there is more mois
ture in the air than it will hold at a certain ter
n" perature it will fall in the form ct rain. I 1
the air is warm and full of water if will b<"
. precipitated if suddenly cooled. But thir
- cooling cannot be done by artificial
- means except, possibly, to a very iim
ited extent. The explosion of a few
thousand pounds of powder in
the expanse of the upper
. stratum of atmosphere
. would have no more ef
- feet on general condi
tions than a fire
' cracker exploded
in the bay would
have on the
. tides."
-OS ANGELES, March 15.—
To-day was specially set apart
vas specially set apart
oy local ministers for humiliation
_.nd prayer. Rain was not the only
.urden ofthe petitions offered; sup
plications were also to be offered to tha
-mighty, who, some ministers believe, is
jming his favors from this State for wan
arings from the Sabbath and moral attitude.
4 the Methodist Church a prayer-meeting was
did, opened by Dr. Castine. At the' Episcopal
•urches the penitentaloffice was observed, and the
jllect fcr rain was added, to the daily morning Lenten
Jjrning Cathedral from this State for wan
enngs from the Sabbath and moral attitude.
_ the Methodist Church a prayer-meeting was
-.Id, opened by Dr. Castine. At the Episcopal
.urches the penitental office was observed, and the
_ct fcr rain was added to the daily morning Lenten
i. At St. Paul's Cathedral the regular 8:30 a m. and
;30 p. m. Lenten services were he'd, with noontide prayer.
At all of these the collect for rain, in lieu of drought, was
aid. At St. Vabiana Cathedral a "Novena" is being held, which
■eludes a series of services for nine days to pray for some par
cular purpose. The object of the present "Novena" is to pray for a
.ownpouron the d»y and dusty earth. Tha Catholic Church of Ca'i
jrnia has included petitions for rain at every service since the early winter,
.1 the Protestant churches the day of feasting and humiliation resolved
.self into additional petitions for the much-needed moisture.
-4-._--4.4..4- +4- + -t- + 4--t-l-4- 4-+ 4---..-.XXX _.___.:_._ ... . . ,' ■ .
his views and theories for producing rain
and In reply sent the following communi
cation, which was fully discussed by the
directors on Wednesday last. Professor
Lowe wrote:
"I take pleasure In-giving my views
on the possibility of artificially produc
ing rain. .« ; - ; *^p7
"Owing to the nature of my work
I have enjoyed opportunities for the study
of meteorology and various atmospheric
phenomena seldom given to a single mdi:
-: vidual.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, , SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
"When the Civil War broke out in 1861
I was on mv fourth year in the invest!- .
gation of air currents and the origin of
storms, and for -which service I built
many aeronautic machines and . made
many hundreds of voyages into the upper
air with instruments :.. for scientific re
search. One of these balloons built for
testing the feasibility of circumnavigat
ing the globe was the largest ever built.
With Its equipment it weighed five, tons
and lifted, besides Its own weight, twelve
tons to an altitude of two and a half
miles. ■ *• ; ■' v
"All* of this- self-imposed labor and use
of personal means was to gain knowledge
of the upper currents sufficient to warrant
an appropriation by the Government for
the establishment of a weather bureau on
about the : same lines .as the pre-.--;.' .one
' now-ls.*~with only students, however; se
lected for their aptness In philosophy and
afterward trained at one central school.
- '♦While directing this service I personally £
observed from a high altitude nearly all
of the battles of. the army of the Po-y
tomae from the first Bull Rim to /
Gettysburg. It was here that I '
first realized that rain could be /
produced artificially. I noticed /
that nearly all of the battles
• were immediately followed
PRAYING
FOR RAIN
IN
LOS ANGELES
CHURCHES.
by rain, generally extending from the bat
tle ground often over many States. The
rain falling during the night and the next
day after the battle of Bull Run was very
extensive. At the close of the battle of
Williamsburg a heavy rain * set in the
same evening. ; ,
"While riding from one station to an
other for observation 1 noticed a yellow
ish substance on the water which stood
in large pools many miles from the battle
grounds. Plsmountlng I gathered some
of the water and on examination founo.
the yellow substance to be sulphur, evi
dently from the burned powder. I no
ticed this also in the water of the great
deluge that Immediately followed the bat
tle of Malvern Hill. yy, y-yyy:
"I once witnessed the burning of a train
load of ammunition in which there was
very little report, but the enormous vol
ume of smoke and chemicals formed a
cloud of Its own, whose «leep shadow so
cooled the moist-laden atmosphere that
rain clouds formed in a clear sky and
continued to spread until the sky was
completely obscured and raln'eame in
great quantities within an hour and lasted
through the night. ; ', . . • - • ■ *
"I am not alone In noticing the phe
nomena of rain following closely after
battles. All close observers soon began
to notice this. ,:.'
"Heavy bombardments are not so likely
to bring rain. as are long lines of mus
ketry. There are times when neither
PROFESSOR JORDAN'S VIEWS ON R^IN-MA^ING.
■ — —
From ths newspaper notes, nothing is suggested that could
have th? slightest effect in bringing on a storm. The ex
plosion of all the gunpowder in the world would not do
this, thcujh by disturbing or heating tie atmosphere it
might keep off a storm five minutes. In a general
wav, a**, his besn shown, the effect of explosions
on the movement of a storm is about as great
as a jumping fea would be on the move
ments of a steamer. I should not wish
to condemn Mr. Lowe's scheme
without knowing what it is. If
it is once ed it will no
doubt condemn ,t3ef .
"Co I think the theory of pro
durng ran by explosive balloons
feasible? Jujgng by the recent experi
ments in Texas, it would seem not.
Thers, you will remember, a reward even
was offered if the sch »me tried should work. But
we ail know it fa- ed most sign illy, and in itself
 that ought to be a sufficient answer to such inquires
The experiments were conducted under quite favorable
c'rcumstanee. and the generally accepted conclusion- is" that '
thsy v/e:e a'a 'ur ;. Generally speaking, I shou'd say that the
_ idea is not feasib'e; that is, fora : ! pract cat conditions."
_*4> v> +V+> >>;•*' 4 V T-r> ♦> /+ ■+ + '+ + ♦>*+ > ■»
will cause lain, owing i<j i«- _-_-
ness of the atmosphere. My expe
rience in ihe liquefaction of gases and
atmosphere . for the manufacture of
ice and refrigeration immediately fol
lowing the war In a field then unknown
and untrodden save me much opportunity
for experiments in atmosphere laden Od
with moisture, It was then, by artificial
means that I- refrigerated the first .steam
ship in New York harbor, the William Ta
ber, for transporting meats. The largest
room was 65 feet by 25 feet by 9 feet be
tween decks. When the atmosphere was
reduced far below the freezing point the
Outside moisture laden air when admitted
produced snow and hail; at a higher tem
perature rain was produced. By revers
ing this process and discharging large vol
umes of liquid air or gases running from
100 degrees to 300 degrees below zero at a
sufficiently high altitude, the moisture of
the air would first . form into snow and
hail and as it descended to the lower at
mosphere would turn to rain, all the time
accumulating moisture, until it reached
the earth. This in conjunction with other
means I would employ, I believe, where
the atmospheric conditions are right, as
they often are, extensive rainfalls could
be secured.
"In this locality the conditions have been
favorable for rain fully half a dozen times
during the last six weeks when a little
disturbance of the right kind at the
proper time? would cause precipitation,
which would spread, and once started rain
would beget rain. 7*7."
"I have long noticed that when we have
a dry winter here the East is af
flicted with heavy rain and snowstorms,
and this winter I think shows another
good example sustaining this theory. The
rain that should have fallen here and
accomplished much' good has passed over
and wrought a corresponding amount of
3amage In the East. * <7
"It is not necessary to burn gunpowder
to produce rain. Cheaper gases can be
made to produce better results.
"I have no faith In producing rain by
explosions, especially 'in mountains. All
gases to produce rain should be liberated
Dyer a great depth of atmosphere when
the same is laden with moisture and near
ihe point of precipitation." _
In reply to numerous adverse criticisms
Professor Lowe says that a notable In
stance of artificial rain was the battle, of
Buena Vista, which was fought in the
midst of the dry season in Mexico and
there had been no . rain for many
months before the battle. The occur
rences upon the second day at Buena Vis
ta, as stated by Brevet Major General
H. W. Benham of the United States En
gineer Corps, were: "From 8 to 9 in the
morning of that day the artillery was en
gaged in heavy cannonading, after which
between 11 and 12 o'clock a most violent
shower of rain fell.
"And what was positive proof to me
that these rains were the direct result of
the artillery firing," writes General .Ben
ham, "was that no rain had fallen, as I
was informed, for a number of months
before this battle— l was told eight
months; and none fell for three months
after .the battle, which I knew was the
case, as I remained at the same station
during that time.
"The battles of Palo Alto, Molino del
Bey. Chcrubusco, Monterey and Chapul
tepec were also fought in the dry season,
and each was followed by heavy rains."
...."In August," IS9I, by the aid of a small
Government appropriation, experiments in
a crude and limited way were made in
Texas and copious showers were pro
duced at each trial, although the atmos
pheric conditions were most unfavorable,
the weather bureau hygrometer showing
a relative humidity of only I*s out of a
nnssibia 100. Here along the Pacific coast
VIEWS
OF
PROFESSOR
FREDERICK
SLATE.
me instruments otton show from 80 to as
high as 99 without precipitation."
Professor Lowe in making the foregoing
statement lias put himself in opposition
to the leading university men throughout
the State. Not a single physicist inclines
to his theory of rain-making. "
Professor Claypoole and others of
Throop 'University at Pasadena denounce
the theory as baseless. The professor
said: "I think if you could know about"
the great battles of -the world and their
effect upon the atmosphere you would
find that rain has not in nearly every
case followed the roar of battle, and that
when such has been the case rain would
have fallen if there had been no battle.
It is impossible to produce rain just
when we want it. When the air is dry
artificial means will not create moisture.
Anybody that professes to be able to do
this is a quack.''
Said Professor Jordan of Stanford:
"From the newspaper notes, nothing is
suggested that could have the slightest
effect in bringing on a storm. The ex
plosion of all the gunpowder in the world
would not do this, though by disturbing
or heating the atmosphere it might keep
off a storm five minutes. In a general
way, as has been shown, the effect of
explosions on the movement of a storm
Is about as great as a jumping flea would
be on the movements of a steamer.
"I should not wish .to condemn Mr.
Lowe's scheme without knowing what It
is. If it Is once tried it. will no doubt
condemn itself."
Professor Fernando Sanford. head of
the department of physics, who is one
of the leading authorities of the •country
on this subject of rain-making, said: "I
know nothing of the details of Mr.
Lowe's plan for producing rain. I do
know, however, that all such schemes
are fakes."
Professor Sanford then named over a
number of the best known fiascos in rain
making. Among these, is the Baker fake,
at Pixley. Callfornia/Tri 15.., and the Py
renforth scheme for artificial rain-making
tried at San Antonio, Texas, November
25, 1892.
"To acompllsh the desired result in the
latter case," said Professor Sanford, "the
temperature of the air was raised by
heat-producing explosives. Eight bal
loons. 150 shells and 4000 pounds of rosel
lite were fired off. No rain appeared.
One balloon exploded within a black rain
cloud, but failed to produce any precipi
tation.
"On the following Wednesday, with a
clear sky. ten balloons, 175 shells ami
5000 pounds of rosellite were exploded and
the sky remained clear.
"On the following night the remaining
stock of explosives were fired off, regard
less of consequences, to get rid of tnem."
Frederick Slate, professor of physics in
the University of California, offered the
following opinion of artificial rain-mak
ing: V * v
"Do I think the theory of producing rain
by explosive balloons feasible? Judging
by the recent experiments in Texas, it
would seem not. There, you will remem
ber, a reward even was offered If the
scheme tried should work. But we all
know It failed most signally, and in itself
that ought to be a sufficient answer to.
such inquiries. The experiments were
conducted under quite favorable circum
stances and the generally . accepted
elusion is that they were a; failure. Gen
erally speaking. I should, say that the
idea is not feasible; that is, for all prac
tical conditions."
"Can you Imagine conditions in which
explosive balloons might be effective for
producing rain?" 7.7"
"Tes; as far as that goes, they can be
imagined very easily, but they are hardly
ever likely to exist.
"Of course such conditions coma exist
as well in California as any where else,
but they are not the conditions which
would explain the present scarcity of
rain. Our rain comes to us from storm
clouds which pass over the State in an
easterly direction, or rather in a south
easterly direction. It not infrequently
happens that some disturbing influence
produces an oscillation in their path
which deflects them to the north. What
the disturbing influence is we have no
means of finding out. It may possibly
turn thorn toward the extreme south. in
which case also we should be deprived
of rain. But It is very easy to see that
no explosive balloon can change the os
cillation of the storm currents.
"In cases of supersaturatlon In a per
fectly' homogeneous body the Introduction
of an outside' substance may form a cen
ter of precipitation. For instance, take
any jar containing a solution of salt in
such proportion as to amount to a super
saturation. If we are able to keep the
solution* homogeneous throughout, with
out any jarring or. sudden lowering of
temperature, the salt will not crystallize.
It is even possible, provided the solution
be kept perfectly homogeneous, to lower
Its temperature a great deal without In
ducing any change. If, however, a for
eign substance were suddenly Introduced,
for Instance a small crystal, it would
form Instantly what is termed a center of
precipitation and the salt would go to
the bottom. In the same way we might
imagine . atmospheric conditions- which
were perfectly homogeneous throughout,
without any disturbing Influence what
ever, from wind or jar of any kind. Then
under such circumstances an explosive
balloon* or the firing of guns might
make centers of precipitation which
would start a fall of rain. The conditions,
however, are improbable to the highest
degree. ,
"The old stories of rain falling after bat
tles are nothing but popular supersti
tions." ; - " ... . -. .' ',-.. ■' .
"Is there, then, no relation of cause
and effect between the heavy firing dur
ing a battle and the fall of rain after
ward?" - - "■ •'■■■
"That would be incautious to say. But
most probably there is not. It is really
nothing but a popular superstition which
the Texas experiments ought surely to
disprove." - . <>:■
Gustav Risen. Ph.D.. of the Academy of
Sciences, said the- whole idea was laugh
able In the extreme and had really been
disproved long ago. In speaking of the
matter he said:
"How can you get moisture out of the
air when there is no moisture in it? II
there is more moisture in the air than it
will hold at a certain temperature it will
fall In the form of rain. If the air Is
warm and full of water It will be precip
itated if suddenly cooled. But this cool
ing cannot be. done by artificial means ex
cept, possibly!' to a very limited extent.
The explosion of a few thousand pounds
of powder in the expanse of the upper
stratum of atmosphere would have no
more effect on general conditions than a
firecracker exploded In the bay would
have on the tides."
So as the case. stands Professor Lowe
Is in a position to make himself famous—
that is, provided his scheme works.
_1 m •
According to the London Young Woman
Princess Victoria of Wales is one of the
few royal women who prides herself on
the fact that she has learned a regular
profession. At a recent Industrial ex
hibition in London there was a specially
Interesting bookbinders' exhibit, there be
ing contributions from the -best- known
binderies in Great Britain. Among them
there were several artistically executed
book covers which gained universal ad
miration and whose maker was a certain
Miss Matthews, to whom several prizes
were awarded. ' y-.yy ■-,:.- yyw .,.
Some time afterward the Identity of
Miss Matthews became known and great
was the surprise when it was found that
she was Princess Victoria of Wales, who
sent her" work under an assumed name
in order that It might get Impartial crit
icism without consideration for her rank.
2122
WITH mv niece Lucy and my nephew Jack I was on my way to
St. Petersburg. I had spent a part of a summer in that water
soaked city; had shown my passport until it was a mere shred;
had sworn to my nationality and age times without number,
and had stood up against a gendarme who found me talking
to a beggar. I had given him a few kopeks and was asking
him his name, when the awful voice of the gendarme said to me: "I can
tell you. It Is—" • ,_.,,*■_
I didn't catch it. I only heard the words: "We have been looking for
him some time. Come with me!"
This last to the poor wretch, whose face took on a different expression
from the one it had worn when he asked me for alms. Then it was the
face of a peasant; now it was that of a man resolute and defiant, but re
fined and educated, He had been playing a hazardous game and had lost.
He was a prisoner with no means of escape. . Offering me the kopeks I
had given him, he said, in excellent English: "Thank you. lady, but I
shan't need them where I am going. Write to No. , Nevsky, and tell
her 1 have been arrested."
The gendarme sternly demanded to know what he said. I told him
all. except that I was to write to No. , on the Nevsky. There was a
gleam of intense satisfaction in the man's eyes, which thanked me more
lhan words could have done, and then he was marched toward the gloomy
fortress. In my excitement I grasped his hand with a "Good-by, and God
pity you!"
It was a bold thing to do, but I felt no fear. I could speak Russian
fluently; I was an American, and wore the colors of my country in a knot
cf ribbon on my dress, and knew this badge protected me quite as much
as my passport, and that afternoon I wrote my letter, with no clew to
guide me as to the person I was to address except the word her. It was
a woman, and I addressed her as "Madame" and told her the particulars
of the arrest, and hired a messenger to deliver my note at No. ,
Nevsky prospect. Three weeks later I read that several Nihilists were to
start for Siberia that day. Something told me that my beggar was among
them, and 1 wrote down the number of his house and the date of departure
for Siberia, and put them with the kopeks I bad given him as souvenirs
of mv adventure with the Russian gendarmes.
_______ *•_**•-_
Ten years later I was again en route for St. Petersburg with my
nephew "and niece. Lucy was anxious to see the Czarina and Jack to see
the fortress and a Nihilist. Our only companion across the country to
the frontier whs a young lady — Russian— who gave her name as Sophie
Scholaskle. She had been at school in London two years, she said, and
this accounted for her fluent English. Her mother was a widow, who lived
in St. Petersburg, and her twin brother, Ivan, was in Paris, at the Bon
Ma re he.
"We look very much alike." she said, "although he Is small for a man.
and I am big for a woman. We can wear each other's gloves." and she
held up two large white hands. "Number seven and very strong," she
continued, opening and shutting them rapidly.
She was very communicative, and before we reached the frontier we
knew that her grandfather had been one of the minor nobility at the time
of the emancipation act, by which he lost his serfs and a portion of his
land. After that he migrated to the city, where he received an office
under the Government. His home was on the Nevsky, where she was
born, for her father and grandfather lived together until— She hesitated
a moment: then added: "I lost both my father and my grandfather. We
gave up our house on the Nevsky, and now live in apartments."
We were at the frontier by this time, where some of her friends met
her. and we saw no more of her until we reached St. Petersburg, where
we met her again as we were struggling with our baggage and the porters
and officials. Some of them seemed to know her, for, at a word I did not
catch, we were at once attended to and were soon at our hotel.
Those first days in the city were full of interest, even to me, who had
seen everything worth seeing ten years before. The enthusiasm of the
young people aroused a like feeling In me. and I went wherever they
wished to go. whether to St. Isaac's, or the Winter Palace, or No. , on
the Nevskv, where I had hard work to keep Jack from ringing the bell
and asking if the man sent to Siberia had ever been heard from. That
house had a great fascination for Jack, and no matter where we were
walking he generally managed to bring us past it: and it was there that
HOW "JIM" KEENE MADE $6,000,000
Story of His Rernarßable Life Amid the Booms and Bonanzas of the Comstock. and of Wall Street.
Special to the Sunday Call.
NEW YORK, March 16.— 1n the recent Wall street boom James R.
Keene recovered his old-time position as the most daring and successful
speculator on change. He was the only prominent trader who saw the ad
vance coming, and he has made between $5,000,000 and $6,000,000 in six
weeks, with more in prospect. .
But Keene has helped the public as well as himself. On December 6
last he came out with an interview in which he predicted a general and
sustained rise in values. In the three months since then the stocks and
securities handled in Wall street have advanced over $100,000,000. A large
part of this increase has gone to small investors all over the country, who
took Keene's advice and went in at the beginning of the advance.
Nobody except Keene could have done it. There are bigger operators
here and men whose names are more familiar, but not one who occupies
his unique position. For one thing he is the veteran, or one of the vet
erans, of- the street. He was here in the days of Jay Gould and the elder
Vanderbilt. He has seen the rise and fall of many fortunes, Including his
own. He has made millions, lost them and made others to replace them.
But the chief influence that led investors to accept his judgment as to the
course of prices was his reputation for absolute honesty. Everybody
knows that Jim Keene Is honest. If another man had come out with the
fame statements he would have been accused of trying to Influence the
market for the benefit of deals that he had on foot. When Keene said it
the people believed it.
Keene has vindicated his financial sagacity by accumulating two great
fortunes. .He has done battle with some of the masters of the "street"
and has not come off vanquished. He may not be so great a manager as
Flower or Pierpont Morgan, but he is the king of speculators. His honesty
was proved when he paid $2,000,000 for which he was not legally responsible.
He has been in many deals and has always acted on the square. He has
been "euchred," "sold out," ruined by men whom he trusted, and some
of whom he bad made, but Keene himself has never been accused of a
mean or dishonest act. ■
The James R. Kern-? of to-day is a man of medium height and compact
build. His gray beard, close-cropped to the chin, does not hide the firm
outlines of his jaw. His gray eyes are searching, kindly and bright. His
manner In transacting business Is abrupt and decisive. But he will stop
In the middle of the most important transaction to shake hands with an
eld friend or to give ear to a dependent acquaintance, and lie has many
of the latter. '
Keene's charities are characteristic of the man. During the recent
blizzard in New York he was sitting with two friends in the Waldorf-As
toria. "This Is the time," said Keene, "when the well-to-do ought to put
their hands into their pockets to relieve the poor. Tho people in this hotel
should give $10,000 toward it, and if .they don't. I will."
"I'll give $1000." said one of his companions.
"I'll do the same," said the other.
Keene walked to the telephone, called up the Mayor and told him that
$5000 was waiting to relieve the sufferings of the destitute poor. The only
stipulation was that it should reach them immediately.
It was a holiday, and the Mayor had to get hold of the Commissioner
of Charities before he could promise that the money would be applied Im
mediately. Meanwhile Keene .sent for the head of one of the principal
charitable organizations of the city and placed. In his hands $1..000—
from his own pocket and two from his two friends. The, only proviso at
tached to the gift was. "Get it to the needy to-day."
A little later the Mayor, having made his arrangements, called up Mr.
Keene and announced that his gift was accepted. Keene's response was,
"All right." and so gave $13.**©0 to a very practical charity instead of the
$5000 ho had at first Intended for the purpose.
Keene's rise 7 to fortune has been a remarkable and In some respects a
romantic one. He was born in London a little more than sixty years ago.
He came to America at the age of 17. For a few years he "lived in -the
South and studied law there. As soon as he was admitted to the bar, in
the late fifties, he joined the throng of young men drawn westward by the
California gold discoveries, and began his practice in San Francisco.
The young lawyer's practice related chiefly to mining claims. He be
came familiar with mining stocks and properties, and soon was more a
mining speculator than a lawyer. He made money in his ventures, but his
health was poor, and a physician advised him to take a long trip. So he
closed up his business affairs,, packed his effects and started for the At
lantic coast, to be absent a >ear.
Th&t was an important trip for Keene. It made him a rich man.
Some time before he had become possessed of some shares of a mining
stock that was selling at almost nothing. It was believed to be practi
cally worthless, but soon after Keene's departure It panned out wonder
full) rich. The stock went up like a rocket from one figure to three.
Keene was away; news traveled slowly In those days. He knew nothing
of his good fortune for a long time, but when he returned to San Fran
cisco he found that his few hundreds had grown to $200,000. Had he re
mained at home he would have sold out probably at the first advance,
netting perhaps one-tenth of what he actually realized. As he himself
says, it .was a lucky journey. ......
The former lawyer, having brains, confidence, sound judgment and
$200,000 at his command, was ready to attempt larger affairs. He became
The Noholist on the
Neva
we again met Sophie Scholaskle. closely wrapped and veiled, but not so
closely that Lucy did not recognize her. . ,
"Oh, mademoiselle!" she cried, "we are so glad to find you again. .Why
haven't you been to see us?" • ■ 9
"And I say," Jack chimed in, "who lives In this house?"
"How should I know, and why do you ask?" Sophie replied.
"Because," Jack went on, "we know a lot about lt — or Aunt Susan
does. Po you sympathize with the Nihilists?"
"Jack!" I interposed, while Sophie said, very low: "You should not ask
such questions in the street— don't you know the very cobblestones have
ears?"
Walking rapidly on we scon reached our hotel, which Sophie entered
with us. In our room she threw off her wraps, and, leaning back in her
chair, said, "Now tell me what you know about that house."
It was Jack who told the story, with sundry additions which I tried to
correct, while Sophie listened with a hard look on her face and in her eyes.
When Jack had finished she said:
"That house was once my home: more I cannot tell you now, but come
and see mother. She never makes calls, but will be glad to meet you; come
to-morrow night." , ,
She put on her wraps and was gone before we had recovered from our
surprise. The next night, just after dinner, a messenger came, saying he
was to conduct us to Mme. Scholaskie's rooms, which were on a side
street, in an apartment house which sheltered a hundred or more families,
and was in striking contrast to the house on the Nevsky. There was but
one servant— a woman wrinkled and old. but straight as an arrow, with a
look in her eyes as if she were always on the alert. The Scholaskles
rooms were on the third floor, and surprised us with their handsome fur
nishings, from the golden-framed icon to the ivy-covered screen which
shut off on" end of the salon. Madame, too, was a surprise, as, with her
snow-white hair and faded velvet gown, which told of better days, she
came forward to greet us. That sne was a lady showed in her manner,
her language and her voice. The latter was much softer and sweeter than
Sophie's, which had Impressed us as rather masculine. We were scarcely
seated when Ursula, the servant, brought us cups of hot tea from the
samovar steaming on a Bide table. As I was drinking mine madame took
from her pocket a paper, and, holding it toward me, said. "You sent this
to me ten years ago." - _
I recognized it as the note I had written for the beggar, and answered
in the affirmative. For a moment the woman hesitated; then she said:
"The man you befriended was mv husband, and a Nihilist who had long
eluded detection. He was fond of disguises; that of a beggar was his
In Six WeeKs.
a broker and speculator; invested freely, and came out luckily in all his
undertakings. vvy> vy .-,>?. ■:■
Those were days of great speculation in San Francisco. Mackay,
Flood. Fair and O'Brien were the leaders. Keene took his place with these
men, became one of the board and soon had a reputation for good luck and
sound judgment.
The boom and the rush of money for Investment had forced prices to a
very high point. Keene saw that the inflation could not last. When he
believed that the turn was close at hand he went short of the Comstock
securities, which had received more attention and had been forced higher
than any others. In taking this course he had Mackay, Flood, Fair and the
powerful Bank of California against him. For a time there was a lively
contest between these rival influences, then the market began to sag under
the influence of Keene's persistent sales and soon it was going down
with a rush. In the smash-up of values that ensued Keene realized three
millions from his short Interest in the Belcher, Crown Point and Ophir
mines. This coup made him famous nil over the country as the flrst man
who had successfully fought the Pacific Coast triumvirate before named.
Although Keene had been on the bear side of the market, he was not
then, or afterward, a destroyer of values. In this case he simply took ad
vantage of a condition of affairs that was certain to bring about the same
result. After the crash, when values were on a saner level, he did his ut
most to restore prosperity. The Bank of California had been dragged
down in the ruin, and Keene set to work to rehabilitate it. and put up a
million dollars, along with D. O. Mills and "Lucky" Baldwin, for the pur
pose. It was duo to the combined efforts of these men that the slump did
not extend further. ;■".'." u-X-'VK'i
Keene continued his speculative career in California until. In 1577, his
fortune had grown to $4,000,000. Then he started for Europe to recuperate
his health again. By that time the unvarying success of his operations
had made his name known to financiers and speculators, though he had
confined his attention entirely to the Pacific Coast.
It was In 1877. in the course of his journey, that Keene flrst appeared
in Wall street. He came to. see, but he remained to conquer. The attrac
tion of the larger market, the opportunity for great undertakings, were
Irresistible. Keene transferred his interests to New York and at once be
came one of the prominent figures in Wall street.
One fact that, the California millionaire soon learned was that ho
could not run the Wall street market to suit himself as he had done In
San Francisco. When he threw out thousands of shares In an effort to
send the market down it sagged only a point or two. instead of taking a
big drop, as had been the case In his earlier field. But he soon adjusted
himself to his new surroundings. One of the first big deals that he went
Into was the Western Union pool, which Jay Gould was engineering. In
this they netted a million between them.
Six years had elapsed since the panic of IS7*!. Prices were at their low
est ebb. Keene. carefully studying the market and the conditions of the
country, as he has always done, was convinced that rock bottom had been
reached and that a great advance was coming. He -bought heavily, stak
ing the hulk of his fortune on his judgment in the matter. The rise in val
ues came and continued beyond the expectation of those who had predict
ed It. Keene added between eight and nine millions to his fortune.
Peoule looked at Keene in wonder. Here was a man who had made a
fortune of fourteen millions by speculation, who had cleared* nearly ten
millions in Wall street in three years. His fortune was without parallel
for the rapidity of its accumulation. He came to be looked upon as a sort
of financial wizard. It was said that he could not lose. Perhaps Keene
came to have a little of the same feeling.
After his great success Keene branched out in every direction. He lived
in the princely fashion agreeable to his nature. He gave away thousands
and gave advice to his friends, on which they made thousands. He was
fond of racing, so he bought a stable and became a leading figure In turf
affairs. At the same time he speculated in oil, wheat, stocks, anything.
It was in 15 6 ." that Keene. In vulgar parlance, bit off more than he
could chew. He tried to corner the wheat market, an attempt that has
been a fatal stumbling block to other able financiers. In this same year
his horse Foxhall won the Grand Prix in Paris. It was an honor that
Keene prized dearly, and when it came he was engaged in a struggle that
Involved practically his whole fortune. Under the stimulus of rising prices
the Western farmers rushed their wheat to market faster than Keene with
his millions could absorb it. Jay Gould had been watching Keene's course
with interest and saw the vulnerable spot. With Addison Cammack he
set out to bear the market on the Interests that Keene was concerned In.
At the "same time the newspapers began denouncing the corner and its
backers. Some of Keene's partners In the combine became timid and sold
out. The load was too heavy fcr the Californian to carry alone and he went
down under it. Over seven millions of his accumulations were swept away.
He tried desperately to recoup himself on what: remained, but could not do
ft. Men whom he had aided before were willing to profit by his downfall,
and in the language of the street, he was "sold out.'' He had the mortifi
cation of seeing the shares that he was unable to hold on to advance over
50 per cent within a few months under the skillful manipulation of Gould
and his associates. . •*.
Keene was not overwhelmed by his misfortune. He set to work quietly
to regain what he had lost. For a time he was heard of but little. He
was In Wall street, and was making progress, but he did not attempt any
Napoleonic maneuvers.. Still he made money at a rate that could not be
accounted otherwise than rapid. He paid off all the obligations remaining
from his disastrous venture and gradually returned to something like his
eld rc-f'.Hnn in the affairs of t__s street .-■■■■■
-_ •_•„ ___ __,9.<_11_.1.-> >__■ ____
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
bu llmVii £ Uolmts |
favorite, and had done him good service. many times, but failed him at the
last. He was arrested and tried, and sent to Siberia, where he died within
two years. He had spent a great deal of money for the cause he believed
to be right; our house on the Nevsky was heavily mortgaged; we lost It
and came here. It is a special Providence" which has thrown you in my
way to thank you for your kindness to him. I try to be cheerful, but I
know we are living over a volcano which may engulf us at any time."
"But what harm can come to you. living here alone?" I asked; and
before she could reply Sophie said, fiercely:
"None whatever; she is nervous, and has been so ever since they took
my father away. It has a different effect on me; it makes— me— But why
talk about it? Po you all play cards?"
She turned to Lucy, who. knowing the Russian habit, answered:
"Yes — but not for money, as you do."
"I know— you play for fun; then let lt be fun. Ursula, bring the table."
Jack would not play, and I took his place, with madame for my part
ner, while Lucy played with Sophie. We had played one hand, and Sophie
was dealing for the second when Ursula came in. and closing the door
said, in a whisper, "There "Is an officer here asking to see madame."
For an instant madame's face was like a corpse, and there was a look
of terror In her eyes as she glanced toward her daughter. Sophie was per
fectly calm, and kept on dealing as she said, loud enough to be heard out
side If one were listening, "Show him in."
He came in, and, bowing politely, said to madame: "I did not know
you had company, but my business admits of no delay. I am here to ar
rest your son, Ivan Scholaskle, as head and front of a plot we have been
unearthing for some time."
Again that corpselike pallor spread over madame's face, as she re
plied: "When my son last wrote me he was in Paris; you will have to
seek him there." J*.
"He might have been in Paris when he last wrote you, but at 12 o'clock
last night he was seen to enter this house. It is my duty to search for
him. although, I assure you, I am sorry to give you trouble," the gendarme
replied.
I was horrified to find myself mixed up in a second affair of gendarme
rie and nihilism, while Jack and Lucy looked anxiously at me. Sophie
alone was calm; she turned up the ace of spades, and was adjusting
her cards as if nothing unusual was happening.
"Let him search," she said to her mother; "but as I have a good hand
and want to play it. there's no reason why we should not go on with our
game, unless you wish to look under the table flrst." -.
This to the gendarme, as she swept aside the folds of her dress, disclos
ing nothing worse than four pairs of feet huddled together in a small
space, for the table was not a large one.
The gendarme smiled and said: "I do not think he is under the table,
and I have no special wish to arrest him, except as I must obey orders.
Your servant, perhaps, will take me through the rooms?"
"Certainly." Sophie said. "Ursula, show this man wherever there Is a
chance for one to be hiding. It's your lead. I believe. Spades are
trumps," she added, turning to me, who was shaking so I could scarcely
hold my cards.
"By George! Jack cried, when the officer had gone and the matter was
explained to him. "I shall get mixed up in a Nihilist scrape, after all, and
that is what I wanted." .?-.^ > •
"Would you like to be one of the chief actors?" Sophie asked, and
Jack replied: "No. sir; and I wonder you could keep so cool with that
man hunting for your brother."
"I knew he would not find him, she said, and tried to smile; but it
was forced, as were all her actions after that.
' Lucy said nothing. She was very pale, and so absent-minded that she
at last threw down her cards, saying she was tired and wanted to go
home. As she stood in the dressing room Sophie stooped over her and
"May 1 kiss you once as a dear little girl from over the sea, where I
wish to heaven I had been born?"
Lucy hesitated a moment, then lifted her face for the kisses Sophie
crave her— passionate kisses, such as women seldom give to each other.
We sat late that night talking of all we had heard and seen, and wonder-
In., if Ivan Scholaskle really were In the city. Lucy believed he was.
Jack believed he was not, while I scarcely knew what I did believe, I was
',"'._ Im -_n^irp rinneer to our Russian friends,
co impressed with some impending danger to he returned he said
The next day Jack went out by mm., i. persuaded her to join us that
he had been to call upon Sophie and * "night, and it was rumored that
evening on the Neva. It was to be gai«| ■ J 1 * t w found Sophie wait
many of the court dignitaries were to bt^probem rf ghe ,
ing for us at the foot of some ftensfjea omg close y that only a small**
wrapped in furs, and her cap was drawn a on had any reason
part of her face was visible. I wanted to^ Reeling of delicacy restrained
to think her brother was in the city, but a leenng Qf shelters
me. and for the most part she and I sat .mi sue Lucy took a spin on the
made to accommodate BPec. tat °™-^^"® d i^mcs passed us, and I wondered
skating track. Once or twice some gendarmes pa was • more in shadow.
i^s^ts^^'^^s^^ys^ when at last jack and Lucy
you will see she said, "and it must
be nearly 11. I told mother I would staytete lace , whose express , on
She had pushed back her can a little Unseen quarter a man's figure
ca^ V cSffi -_?»'»?»- " a**! SS - hand on her shoulder and
said. ""Ivan Scholaskle. come with me! Si£i^-» ss _■ fl nn
Ten years before I had heard much tne . ™ sn that - cQ
thrill me then as they did now. taking "J^ra*^ not understand the
SBBE ffrsCd^-hf aJuon^S^h J^ his impulsive American blood
sprang to the rescue. f>uT You .don-t u arrest girls, do you?" he said, and
"Let her go I tell > °"' J ou <g» Ue mv good friend, the game is up!
Sophie answered for the officer. No übc. in - G God« od . b y j» Sh e turned to ma
There is no Sophie ScholasKie. _am mother, and one word of warning;
and continued: \ou will ten ™y,^ 0 "^ r ' have been mixed up with tbe
S__Sl_a_l^ws« T_i__S^S acquaintances. Good-by. and God bless
you!" ... _ _,+>, _ -.itlful smile on her face, then walked away
a%l_*'-_ ? ™^*s^^^_!^W-! by the time we <"° her
10 » 2 g^^^^aff__s officer was looking for
Ivan I believed he was sitting oy "*■*■-•* f N lrl ever Se d me like
dressing room ,l was sure she^ was a ™ an aro £? s £ of tears, while Jack
ffilk_d h the'Voom^aging'llkeTyo^ung Horn and declaring he'd do some
thinJ_ _.„**»,i„«- -oro omild do except to see the poor mother, and
this T h a r f^%o n^ ,n& e% C a odU^^d0 d U^^d _.« arrest, and was in a state of
collapse as she grasped^my .bands .. j tOQ am
"You t a k kind to come, she s I have never planned nor plotted. But
When his father wal banished he took an oath to be revenged.
Iyan did. hen his rash bov-witli his father's love for adventure and
He w *" , only l^a rash He 1. Tvery slight for a man. on five fee six.
wth afalr SSo_th7ace.' on which he could never make a beard grow. He
with a fair, smooth face on „.,-« and conceived the Idea there of mas
was in England at school t wo year and and he has often eluded
SKo\£f tn%h a fi-_lle Just what he was Plotting I do not know, and I
S!/i iC nJS,,riPhta to give it up. But he was bound hand and foot, and
the Xihilist tyranny Is as meat as that of the Government. He has been
i h ?ea^in S ParYs a at n> th_ Bon" Marohe. but he was wanted here an had to
come So he chose a woman's dress for safety. His own nair is ngnt ana
thm The hair you saw was a wig. so natural that no one would think it
wa"* false If he had stayed Sophie all might have been well but he went
t? the al rend" vo'us Sight* before last in hi, = own clothes. You know the
re=t and now go I may be sent to Siberia with him. If not, I shall follow
htm' when T can I will write to you. If you will leave me your address."
I "mw to her and five days later* we crossed the frontier into Ger
many* where "breathe. I freely, as if awaking from a nightmare We had
eaV-h of us been questioned separately with regard to our connection with
the Scholaskles, and as each had told the same story without the slightest
variation we were not molested. I heard that Jack said some very un
complimentary things of the Russian Government, and that the officers
had called him a silly boy to fall in love with a man! Whereupon he had
sworn at them, and when they threatened him he had dared them to do
their worst, and threatened them in turn with Uncle. Sam and George
Washington and every name he thought familiar to i them. •
"I've had an adventure with a Nihilist, a squabble with the gendarmes,
and just missed Siberia! I ought to be satisfied with my Russian trip,"
he said, as we bade adieu to Russia. v -\. •'*• , - ,". ' . '
Lucy was silent. Indeed, she had talked but little since the arrest, and
I was told that when questioned by the police she had pleaded. for Sophie,
asking that her punishment might be of tbe mildest. She was not taunted
with being in love as Jack had been, but was treated with a deference
and kindness one hardly expected from those grim Russians.
We had been home more than a year when there came a letter from
Ivan who was ln Southern Siberia, and his mother was with him. He was
happier he wrote, than he had been since he had sworn to avenge his
father' death The fever of excitement and dread of detection were over;
he had met his fate, and lt was not as bad as he had feared. Southern
Siberia was not like the dreary north. He was an exile. it was true, and
unden surveillance, but he scarcely felt it, as he had nothing to conceal,
and since his mother had joined him. he was tolerably content. He had
heard of Jack's daring defense and Lucy's eloquent pleading for him, and
thanked them for ft. . _._.., _
"Under mv woman's dress a man heart .was beating, he wrote, "and
I was not insensible to the loveliness of your niece's face. It was not
Sophie who kissed her. but Ivan, and I see her always with her upturned
face, shrinking from me is If she divined the truth. God bless her—
bless you all— and in this prayer my mother joins. We are not very un
happy. We are together, and Ursula is with ps. Good-by.
I* AN St HOLASIC IE."
Jack answered the letter, and I added a P. S. . Lucy had no word, but
last summer, when she had been for two years a happy wife, she sent
madame a picture of her little girl, whom she had called Sonhie. Whether
it has reached that far-off home in Siberia I have never heard.— Leslie's
Magazine.California's Great Weather Gauge, Mount Tamalpais.
WHENEVER the thermometer
falls at the top of Mount Tamai
pais it will shortly afterward
do the same all over the State
of California.
Whenever the thermometer
rises at the top of Tamaipais it
will rise all over the State. Mount Tamai
pais has come to be regarded by weather
prophets as a sort of thermometer for the
State.
SHE IS TR_.VHI_-_.fi J-F-OMD THE WORLD
J.nd Is Earning Hep Own Living at the
Same Time.
Interesting Life Tbat Una Boegll Sketched Out for Herself a 0 the
Singular Adventures She Is having Trying
to Live Up to It.
t N the fall of 1891 pretty Llna Boegll
1 of Berne, Switzerland, was as happy
I a girl as there was in all the world.
. I She was the idol of a widowed fath
-1 er the pet and pride of two manly
brothers and the promised wife of a
man whom she loved and who adored her.
Educated In the famous college of Neuf
cbatel. Una spent her holidays and the
unfettered year or two that her father
insisted upon claiming for himself after
her graduation In traveling with him
through the different important countries
of Europe. _ .
Russia, Germany. Italy. France, Spain.
Portugal and England were visited in
turn each trip adding to the young girl s
linguistic acquirements and broadening
the mind, already a marvel among tne
conservative matrons of her own land.
Then came a time when she. was will tag
to cease roaming and "settle down, like
the most conservative of them .all, iv a.
home of her own; and her father consent
ing and her brothers wishing her joy she
began planning her dainty trousseau and
building castles in the air, girl-fashion.
"BvVome^trrnge caprice of fate Llna
Boegll was suddenly bereft of all -those
nearest and barest to her Accident and
sickness had done their worst, and Lina
was alone. -vv/y-^yy - -' *yT" ''"
She rallied from the almost overwhelm
ing succession of calamities and deter-_
mined, instead of settling down into hope
less and dependent melancholy, to make
something 0- herself and her life The
story of how she made and carried out
that determination is best told by her
self. 7 9 ,
In July. 15.2, I was visiting some friends
in Cracow. Poland, and. having recov
ered a little from the first shock of mv
multiple and complete bereavement. ■*«
beginning to feel that it would soon bo
fitting for me to make some P-ans for the
future which would render me indepcu
It was these facts that prompted the
United States Weather Bureau to estab
lish a station on the top of the moun
tain. The station has really been in work
ing order but a few weeks, and in that
time It has increased the percentages of
correct forecasts at least 3 per cent. But
the forecasts that depend on Tamaipais
entirely never fall. This makes it the
most wonderful weather signal service
station in the world.
dent of the kind offices of 'those who loved
and pitied me, but on whom I had no
real claim. v>i;7
An article In a paper concerning an
Austrian Prince who was, with his
retinue, making a tour of the world, at
. tracted my attention and gave me In
spiration.
Then' and there I made a compact with
myself. I would start upon a trip which
should last exactly ten years, and about
which I would write a book.
Ten days from that Sunday of decision
I started on my journey. From Cracow
I went to Vienna and thence to Trieste,
and when In the latter city I found my
self for the first time in my life absolute
ly alone among utter strangers my cour
age almost failed. I was on the point of
giving up the whole thing and going back
penitent to my friends, when I- happened
to hear the name of the steamer on which
I was '.to embark the next day. It was
"Advance," and I accepted it as the best
of omens. From that day to this I have
known neither fear nor repining, and the
book on which I am engaged is to be
named for that steamer on which I made
my first sea voyage. . = ■ 77
I took no letters of introduction, but*
Instead carried my diplomas and educa
tional certificates, and wherever I wished
to stay for any length of time these never
failed to secure me remunerative employ
ment. I taught history, literature and
modern languages, and soon paid' back
the amount I had borrowed from my
small heritage. I taught In four different
schools in Australia, besides preparing
classes for the university; but as teaching
with me was only a means to an end and
not the end itself, I took holidays when
ever possible for the purpose of mingling
With the people outside schoolroom doors
and seeing for myself just how they
lived Every one was more than kind to
me and I made long visits Into different
parts of the country. I spent considerable
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAl^, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
There is not very much to the station
located above the clouds, but what there
is Is of the best quality and most ap
proved pattern. High on the apex of the
peak is the wind vane. The top of this Is
over half a mile above sea level, where
the wind has an uninterrupted sweep
from all directions. Two hundred feet by
low. on the mountain side, la the station
proper, which consists "of a pretty- shingle
building for offices, etc, and an outdoor
shelter for Instruments. With these three
points well looked after and directly con
nected by wire with the offices in the
Mills building, th.* service la a. most per
fect one, and Official Hammon thinks it
the most valuable addition ever made to
the weather service.
The station on tin top of Mount Tamai
pais is in charge of Officer Reed, who has
a great deal to do In keeping track of
the various instruments and reporting
their behavior to headquarters.
- The most arduous work of all is mak
ing the regular examination of the wind
vane on th peak. in stormy weather
this Is somewhat dangerous, as the Iron
support has to be climbed for about
thirty feet, and a slip of the hand or foot
would mean a serious if not fatal fall
to the rocks below. When tin* work has
to be done in a snow storm it becomes
doubly dangerous, as the iron steps on
the column become slippery with ice. . .
Keeping track of the other Instruments
is not unpleasant, but It requires a good
memory and Bound judgment to be sure
of just what they are doing. Official Ham
mon goes to the peak at regular Intervals
to make forecasts and during unsettled
weather he of ten remains there several
time in Sydney, Tasmania and -New Zea
land; visited the Australian mining dis
tricts and, passed six long weeks in the
bush, 800 miles from the coast, among the
squatters and "selectors" in a mirage
haunted place that I shall never forget.
The family whose guest I was were Eng
lish and owned over 2,000,000 acres of land,
and although they lived on the edge of
the desert and ate mutton and potatoes
three times a day the year round, the
whole family "dressed for dinner" punc
tiliously every day, the father and sons
in dress suits and white cravats and the
mother and daughters in decollete gowns.
In New Zealand I stayed for quite a
while in the geyser district, near a Maori
village, and the old chief— a reformed
days to keep tab on all of his Instruments
and the vast expanse of sky at the same
time. \
"I find," he said, "that the indications
from the summit are most- reliable even
when they disagree with the reports re
ceived by telegraph from other points.
"You see, from the summit there is an
uninterrupted view fifty miles out to sea,
and this Is almost as good as having
a station out there. Sometimes the
clouds that appear on the western hori-*
ron are really over 200 miles away, and
when we have a tab on the thermome
ter, barometer and wind vane on the sum
mit and know how the weather is out
there by the clouds, we can come pretty
close to telling what is going to happen.
"I never doubt the signs on Tamaipais,
because they have never deceived me. ;
When a cold wave strikes the summit I
dm sure the thermometer is going to fall
all over the State within eighteen hours.
This change Is positive for Fresno In
midsummer, as l found out last August
during the heat of the season.
"Just what is the cause of this I am
unable to Stat* . All I know is that it al
ways works, and has helped us out to a
great extent In all our forecasts. In the
near future, when I get the kites to
working. I expect to' get greater perfec
tion in forecasting rain; but I may be
deceived. In regard to fogs Tamaipais is
always reliable, because from the top we
can see them coming over the horizon tn
the west. It la all these things com
bined that make Tamaipais the most won
derful Signal service station in the world.
and the only one thai has really pawl for
Itself after being established -only a few
months by foretelling bad weather to the
farmers and warning them to prepare for
heavy frosts. In the latter Instance alone
it has saved the people of the State thou
sands of dollars."
STRANGE DREAMS
That Came True.
NOBODY* will accuse Mr. . Melton
Trior, the well-known war corre
spond* : ' of the illustrated London
News, of being an unpractical vis
ionary, yet it la apparently owing
to a dream that his active pencil still
plies. When on board the German, going
out to the Zulu war, he twice dreamed of
an experience which did not strike him
cheerfully; he saw himself shot dead and
attended his own funeral. Naturally this
dream, being repeated, made some im
pression, and when, soon after arriving
at Durban, the artist received a letter
from his mother, relating a precisely sim
ilar dream which had come to her and
begging him not to go to Etchowe, he
paused to consider th. matter.
"It is a very curious thing," says Mr.
Prior, "that out, of the sixty or more»bat
IS TJ4E QAJ4E WOJ^TH THE G/\jNDLE.
. From Life.
cannibal— grew very fond of me.. He told
me in a burst of confidence that he "had
eaten many white men, but never a white
woman," and "regretted much" that he
had not Included at least one in his bill
of. fare before swearing off on that kind
of food. The last Prince of Wallangra
also became very friendly with me and
told me many stories of his people and
himself, gallantly declaring that, had I
come to his land before his glory had de
parted, he would have made me his
Queen.
In Samoa I was the guest of a London
mission, and had a most delightful visit.
I found the natives most, gentle, kindly
and courteous, and can believe nothing
of the tales told of their ferocity and
cruelty. Princess Fa'amu, a daughter of
ties I have been present at and witnessed
and sketched, such an idea as 'keeping
out of It' never occurred to me." On this
occasion, however, the Idea seems to have
occurred pretty vividly; so much so that
personal- and fcnaternal warnings won the
day and the artist engaged a substitute,
an efficient amateur, who was willing to
take sketches, on the spot and send them
down to, Melton Prior to be retouched.
Whether the substitute was aware that
he was taking the place of a man doomed
by vision and laughed at the risk we are
not told. Anyhow, the war artist made
no secret of the contract, but wrote to the
proprietors of his paper, to whom he com
municated all the details. Mr. (now
Sir) William Ingram answered by cable:
"Regret your not going Into battle at
Etchowe. ," Perhaps our special artist is
preserved for better things to come."
The cablegram sounds sarcastic, hut the
conclusion "to the story Is tragically sug
gestive:
"The man who went up for me was one
of the first killed in the fighting!"
Now the question arises: What had this
poor substitute done that he should not
also be warned in a dream?
A later story comes with all the fresh
ness of novelty as showing that the dead
may hold converse with the living in very
unusual fashion. We know all about the
family ghost who frightens his descend
ants out of their lives at unseemly hours
with no apparent object. But we are not
familiar with the artistic ghost who takes
his proteges in hand and regulates their
proceedings on the platform. Yet one of
these benevolent spirits appeared in pub
PROPHECIES REGARDING PARIS IN 1900
The Death of the Late President Faure Foretold Among the Other Singular Predictions.
The Death of the Late . rresiaeni raure roru. X s
PARIS.' March 7.— Paris Is to run
red with blood in 1900. Ancient
prophecies threaten the end of the
century. Modern clairvoyants and
astrologlsts' agree In predicting a
terrible upheaval that is to begin
In France. . • .- iy '• "■'- •*'--'.. '.-y- — •_*_•_ .
There Is not the/slightest doubt that
Mme. Thebes, the celebrated astrologlst,
and Mile. Couedon, the no less celebrat
ed vovante of the Rue Paradls,- foretold
the death of Felix Faure during the pres
ent year. The prediction of Mme. Thebes
was' published in the Oaulois on New
New Year's day. That of Mile. Couedon,
which has "been several times, repeated,
was first given "to the world more than a
year ago. Both these present day seers
agree in insisting on the bloody agitations
through which France must pass.
"Yes. it Is true that I foretold the death
of Felix Faure," said Mme. Thebes yes
terday In a short but very sensational in
terview. "Bui do not forget that I also
announced deaths by assassinations. The
astral influences of the year are deplor
able. It will not pass without great and
terrible events."
More than this the general public will
not learn from Mme. Thebes, the high
priestess of aristocratic horoscopes, the
lust paid prophetess of modern times.
The warnings of Mile. Couedon, on the
contrary, are given to the public unre
servedly, and their character is so re
markable that the greatest skeptics are
astonished at them. The uncertainty of
the French future in view of the pres
ent troubles has prepared the minds of
many to be Influenced by these two
strange women. It is remembered that
th. old-time prophecies of Nostradamus.
Orval and the Christian Kabbalists agree
with their forebodings of the century's
end.
"Perhaps." they say, "there may be
son*.. -thing in it. after all."
If the test of prophecy is that the thing
should happen, both Orval and Nostrada
mus Ought to be venerated. The proph
ecy of Orval, which has always had great
vogue In France, la attributed to Philip
Olivarius, a Cistercian monk, whose man
uscript la said to have been dated 1541.
The monk never hesitated to give dates.
In truth, dates gave -the greatest eclat
to his nam.-, as they did, in a less de
gree, to that of Nostradamus. Through
out the centuries his dates ' have struck
home with remarkable exactness. The
Cistercian monk .has but one fault, ac
cording to the needs of modern times.
He is clear and definite In his allusions
to God, Popes and Kings; but he seems
to have had a presentiment of the action
of the masses only in a confused and agi
tated way. bo that his vision becomes the
more obscure the more people them
selves force their way. About 1848 the
accuracy with which he had foreseen the
rise and fall of Louis Philippe was made
matter of general admiration in the
Paris papers. Orval had set • down the
events for 1850, as be always dealt in de
cades, no.t in odd years.
"The cock shall blot out the white
flower," the old Latin text reads. "The
man shall call himself king of the peo
ple. There shall be great commotion
among the nations, because the crown
shall be placed in the hands of the work
ingmen who have waged war in the great
cities."
Nothing could be more exact than this
prediction of the fall of the Bourbon lilies,
the rise of the citizen King, who was not
called "King of France," but "Roi dcs
King Mallet and the only native I met
who dressed in European costume, grew
very fond of me and we were much to
gether. It was laughable, however, to
see her sit down flat on the ground In all
her finery and drag off her shoes and
stockings when we were alone together.
In order, as she said, "to have a little
comfort now and then." ' **
In conclusion let me say that. If I
thought on the 14th of July, 1802, that I
was attempting something rather heroic
I have long ago found out my mistake.
I have found it all so easy; all has gone
so smoothly, and people everywhere have,
been so kind, that I have not once been
in a position where more than ordinary
courage and strength of will was nec
essary. *
lic only the other day and in that most
unromantic quarter, the busy, bustling
city of Liverpool, England. Miss Regina
de Sales is an American singer who is
rapidly acquiring European distinction
and who not long since returned to Eng
land from a successful- tour in Germany.
Apparently while there she had become
strongly Imbued with the spirit of Handel
and the grateful musician was determined
to reward her In the most appropriate
way.
The "Messiah" "was in progress. Miss de
Sales was singing the principal part, arid
the audience was enthustlcally apprecia
tive. The conductor alone was not satis
fled. Again and again he gave the Ameri
can singer the beat, only to find himself
absolutely ignored: she grew intensely ex
cited, forcing the time here, retarding it
there, following her own sweet fancy as
though she had never heard of conductors
and batons. . _
In the greenroom the inevitable storm
broke. "Why. did you not follow my
beat?" cried the incensed leader. •
"Why, Indeed?" cried . Miss de Sales.
"because Handel himself was present in
the hall and he gave me the correct
tempi. I saw him." ,-..*■ '■
■ Now Handel's costume, head and his
torical wig were not likely to be dupli
cated by anybody sitting In that tin de
Steele audience; evidently the American
songstress was suffering from some femi
nine delusion which must not be treated
seriously; the conductor laughed good
humoredly at the fancy of an hysterical
woman and there the incident closed, as
he supposed.
Francais." and the popular revolution
which drove him out, to found a new re
public. "■'•■■ '■'••"„
"The reign of evil men shall increase,
continues the text, "but let them hasten.
The thoughts of the Gaulish Celt will
clash together."
They have been clashing ever since.
Orval put the Franco-Prussian war
down for 1870. "Woe to you, great city."
he said, speaking to France. "Behold the
kings armed by the Lord! Already the
flre brings you to the earth. Yet the just
shall not perish. God has listened to
them. The place of crime Is purified by
flre God loves peace. He ha* still blessed
you during fourteen times six and six
times thirteen moons. Then God will tire
of having given mercy."
Fourteen times six and six times thir
teen moons makes seventy-eight moons,
or fourteen years. This brings us to 1887.
and the rise of Boulangism, French col
onial expansion, anarchy and anti-Sem
itism, the seeds of all the present trou
bles.
This Is tho last clear vision of PhfllP
Olivarius, the Cistercian monk. The light
begins to blind his eyes. Quite out of his
ordinary habit, he sets down a terrible
event for an odd year, 1886. "In the year
1896 Paris will disappear, to reappear no
more. There will be much evil and no
good " For the events to follow, the text,
almost finished, is composed of obscure
phrases, each of which would need pro
found study, as his latest commentator,
In 1839, admits naively. As a conclusion,
the monk evidently fears for this fin de
Blecle a new cataclysm like that which
was, erroneously, foretold for the year
1000. His prophecy ends with 1899. Let
everything become separate. The century
of the end has begun. God fights for his
two just ones, but the man of evil pre
vails. But it is done. The high God
erects a wall of fire which dazzles my un
derstanding, and I see no more.
In occult circles it is well known whom
the evil man is. He is Antemos. alive to
day, 44 years old. and already directing.
from his secret place, those forces which
shall upset the world a few years hence.
As will be seen, the venerable 01 **" 2 ";
who wrote In 1-68, is perfectly clear about
him. The antichrist of Cnristlan .rev ela
tion, every interpreter of St. John has
fixed his date, approximately, at the end
of the nineteenth or the beginning of the
twentieth century. Nostradamus, an as
trologer pure and simple, with no claim to
supernatural vision, had a glimpse of him.
The predictions of this Frenchman,
Michael Nostradamus, who wrote some
where about 1570, are so well known and
so accessible in libraries that his triumphs
over his own future in our past need no
recital. Essentially French, he dealt
largely with the fate of his own country.
Two hundred years before the Frencn
revolution he told that great upheaval to
the very date. For 1792 he wrote:
"Beginning in this year there will be
the greatest persecution of the Christian
church. Nobles and Bishops shall be de
■ stroyed The fair land of France shaU
be desolated by flre and sword. These
unhappinesses will cause a renewal of the
world, which is to last a hundred years.
At the expiration of this hundred years
the troubles are to recommence, "The
land will be torn apart. Brother sha I
strive against brother. A great and evil
genius rises, who shall contend with the
stars themselves."
The occultists of Paris have what they
consider a perfect answer to the objec
tion of vagueness In the ancient prophets
and astrologlsts. They say, first, that
the predictions are not vague because the
dates are given. The old seers beheld
the future in broad lines. If you want
prophecies with clearer details, dealing
more minutely with the present times,
you have but to consult the utterances of
Mile. Couedon. Every one will remember
the first excitement over the voyante of
tho Rue Paradls in 1896, when she was
consulted by personages as diverse as
Charcot. Zola, Felix Faure and the Arch
bishop of Paris. Being chosen, according
to her firm conviction, to warn her con
temporaries of great events prepared for
flte near future, she has never ceased to
prophesy. Her foretelling of the fire of
the charity bazaar ls admittedly Inexpli
cable on rational grounds; while her pre
diction of the death of Felix Faure and
the voting of the retroactive law which
is to remove the Dreyfus case from the
Jurisdiction of the Criminal Chamber are
circumstantial enough to satisfy the moat
exacting, y...
It was in May, 1896, during a visit of the
Comtesse de Maille and several other
fashionable ladles, that Mile Couedon fell
into a trance and repeated the following
verses:
"Near to the Champa Elysees,
I see a place that Is not high.
That is not for piety,
But approached for charity—
X Which is not the verity....
I see the flre lift itself;
I hear the people screaming....
I see flesh grilled
And bodies calcined—
I see them by shovelfuls."
Interrogated by the ladies, she declared
that none of mem should perish in the
fire This turned out as true as the sinis
ter prediction itself, for in May, 1597-a
year later-on the date of the catastrophe
two of these ladies were traveling, while
the Comtesse de Maille made a miraculous
escape from the burning shed itself.
The prophecies of Mile. Couedon are
given to the world in doggerel verse of
such monotonous character that no vio
lence is done to It in a simple prose trans
lation Her rhymes almost " invariably
end in "c" or "er," the commonest French
termination, which may be compared to
"tag" in English. It Is as if a poet should
write: -  . _
As I was walking
I heard some one talking.
Her first Intimation of the taking off of
Felix Faure . and the terrible tragedies
that are to follow was published In May,
1898, when she said: "France will be chas
tised. Paris will ,be the city the most
tried. Epidemics and catastrophes of all
sorts will desolate the country at the end
of the year. The war will break out. I
see people massacred and the Seine red
with blood. At this, moment Felix^Faure
will have been put down. Nations will be
dismembered." All these chastisements
But that night Miss Edith Martin, the
harpist, sleeping beside Miss de Sales, was
wakened by a loud cry of "Bravo!" Sit
ting up suddenly in alarm she caught her
breath and trembled, for there, standing
gravely at the foot of the bed. was Handel
ln person, wig, frills and etceteras all
complete, vigorously conducting with the
roll of music in his hand.
The frightened girl turned round to
rouse her companion when 10. shock the
second came. Miss de Sales was likewise
sitting up, but with no manner of fear
upon her. In fact - she was still fast
asleep. But her hands moved, her throat
quivered,' her lips worked, her mouth
formed the correct singing oval; in short
she was evidently rehearsing, in soundless
fashion, a slnglhg part. This uncanny pro
ceeding lasted some time, till at last the
gentleman of the wig took j his departure,
the singer lay down calmly, as though
nothing had' happened, and Miss Martin
bided the dawn with as much nerv#» as
she could muster. * -.TV:
She said nothing at first: probably she
was afraid of being laughed at; the aver
age listener eyes rather superciliously the
young woman. who owns to. extraordinary
night visions while wide awake. But at
breakfast Miss Martin heard Miss de
Sales recounting some experience with
considerable animation; she -listened, and
behold, the singer was telling of the won
derful dream she had had when Handel
came to the foot. of her bed and carefully
put her through her part for that day.
Then Miss Martin considered herself free
to speak as an independent and greatly
scared witness. A R. ROSE-SOL.EY.
are to have no other end than to prepare
for the return of royalty. The successor
of Felix Faure will not remain long In
offlce. Civil war will intervene. Then a
man whom the people will take for the
savior of France will impose himself upon
the people. But he, too, shall pass. Can
lt be Antemos? Most believers think that
one of the Napoleons is indicated.
In July, 1898, Mile. Couedon again re
ferred to the successor of Felix Faure* and
foretold with exactness the voting of the
ex-post facto law. Mt is to be noted that
the law— which has not yet passed the
Senate— mentioned after the succession
of the Presidency and not before it. "One
will succeed to him that you see. But he
will only pass. Then a law will be voted,
and you shall be terrified." Revolution ls
in the air: "I see them revolting. Peo
ple's minds are mixed up. I see knives
lifted." It is. however, at the end of this
remarkable prophecy that she sees most
unmistakably the death of the late Presi
dent. "For him we should pray. He can
not remain. He cannot remain. He can
not remain. His life is to efface itself.
God has, as it were, removed him for a
utility. All is premeditated by the Divin
ity."
To the occultists of Paris it is not strange
or contradictory that modern and ancient
astrologers like Mme. Thebes and Michael
Nostradamus should be in agreement with
modern and ancient prophets speaking in
the name of religion, like Mile. Couedon
and the Cistercian Olivarius. These cho
sen ones may be compared, they say, to
bits of stained glass, misshapen and per
haps soiled, through which the light
struggles, variously colored and perhaps
deflected; but It is still the light. Pore
Necton, who died In 1772. said: "Paris
shall be entirely destroyed." Sister Ma
rianne, of the Ursullnes of Blois, who
died in ISO 4, prophesied the same thing.
A certain Trappist of Notre Dame dcs
Gardes, in 1815, saw the capital burning.
The Seer of Bellcy, who died in 1820. said:
"Babylon is reduced to cinders. Unhap
plness to you, accursed city." The Abbe
Souffrant, who died In IX2S, also pro
claimed: "The great Babylon shall be
overthrown. Paris shall be destroyed."
The sheperdess-prophetess, Marianne Gal
tler, said: "The great prostitute shall be
destroyed by fire, but God will warn the
Just of Paris." And in our own day has
not Marie Martel foretold that "Paris
shall be burned, but Montmartre shall be
preserved"?
STERLING HEILIG.
THE POLAR BEAR, THE SKATES
and the BUMP
That Shook the Polar Regions.
2324
These Are San Francisco Firemen Who Have Received the Scannell for Bravery.
«, i i
THB-ScaimeU^ medal does more'than
reward once a year some heroic
member of the San Francisco Flre
Department. It recalls the fact
that the heroes are not all registered
in the records of grim war. It
brings into clearer view heroes of the life
about us, and in so doing raises up ex
amples of human nobilty and helps one's
faith in human nature.
So it was not all for Messrs. Shaugh
nessy, Cumisky and Sayers that nearly
the whole Fire Department marched
down Market street on Washington's
birthday escorted by a big battalion of
police and a brass band, and helped All
Metropolitan Hall to the doors, while
they and the Fire Commissioners and
other big men heard words of praise and
saw the Mayor of the City and the
president of the Merchants' Association
pin heavy gold badges of honor "for he
roism" on. the breasts of three blue
coats. It was good for every man and
woman there to see and hear the tribute
to brave deeds paid amid flowers, music
and oratory.
When old Dave Scannell died he left
$2000 to be invested with the provision
that the interest should be used to pur
chase annually a gold medal to be pre
sented to some member of the department
who had distinguished himself in the per
formance of his duty, particularly in sav
ing human life.
Five members of the Flre Department
have been thus decorated since the prac
tice began in 1896.
When at 3 a. m. of November 23 that
ever-dreaded fire alarm from box 47
brought fire apparatus from all parts of
the city to the Baldwin Hotel it was on
the Ellis street side that the most thrill
ing scenes were witnessed. District En
gineer Shaughnessy, who had come at a
.gallop from Stockton and Greenwich
• streets, dashed up as the water tower
was getting Into action in Ellis street.
Chief Sullivan was directing its opera
tions.
"Shaughnessyl" said that district en
gineer to the busy chief by way of re
porting for orders.
"Go to Market street," was all the chief
said.
At that moment the fast-swelling
crowds of onlookers on the Ellis-street
side were thrilled by a sight far up above
them. A white-clad woman stood on the
broad cornice by the mansard roof above
the fifth floor. She was beside the fire
escape, but was apparently too bewil
dered to go down it. If she fainted or
loosed her hold she would fall to the
street below. Fire was above and near
about her, and flames were beginning to
leap out from the windows below. Help
must come soon or 'it would be too late.
The crowd watched and shuddered.
Shaughnessy was hurrying to his as
signed post and James Cumisky, nomi
nally tillerman of truck No. 6, but acting
as assistant to Engineer Wills, was pull
ing at hose lines in another part of the
street. They saw t.he soman's peril and
both instantly started for the fire es
cape. Neither had received an order, but
they hesitated not an instant.
Somebody had set up a long scenery* box
from the theater in standing position to
reach to the bottom of the iron ladder at
the first story. Cumisky, who had been a
sailor, caught up a long rope and with it
over his shoulder scrambled up the scen
ery box. Shaughm was at his heels.
At the bottom landing Cumisky gave his
fellow-fireman a hand, and then up they
went together, face to face, the sailor
fireman on the outside of the little iron
ladder and the boss of a district on the
inside. No fire was yet leaping out of the
windows next the flre escape.
At the fourth floor landing Shaughnessy
stopped for Cumisky to go up and let the
woman down by the rope to him, when
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
he would carry her to the street.
"The ladder was getting pretty hot af
ter the fourth story and the fire was get
ting pretty close," said Cumisky, in tell
ing the story. "When I got up there she
was standing in the cornice, holding with
a death grip to the standpjpe. She was a
good-looking, tolerably large woman,
about 30, I guess. Her hair was all down,
her feet were bare and she had on only a
skirt over her nightdress. She was
screaming when I got up there, and did
not seem to realize where she was. One
foot was out over the cornice and if she'd
let go that grip she'd have fallen. Before
I reached her I expected to see her drop
any minute. When I took hold of her I
whipped a bowline knot around her and
then she fainted.
"The fire began to come out of the man
FIGHTING FOR A THRONE IN SAMOA.
A"nifi oti," killing knife, is the pride
and delight of the modern Samoan
warrior's heart. In olden days, be
fore the white man had brought in
struments of civilization into use,
he was satisfied with the heavy club,
which stunned an enemy; but now every
man fit for fighting considers himself un
armed unless he be the happy possessor
of a murderous looking butcher's knife,
with Its sharp point cut off. He wraps
the handle round with slnnett, so as to
insure a good grasp, and then woe betide
the fallen enemy whose head lies at his
mercy.
In times of peace the nifi ott Is in
daily use without unpleasant associations;
it is satisfactory when a pig requires dis
memberment or cocoanuts and bananas
need cutting down, but otherwise lt
comes mainly into play for mimic warfare
and warlike dance. You may Bee an of
ficial jester tossing it as he stands on the
sard story near us and it was getting hot
ter every minute. Oh, no; I wasn't scared
myself, because I knew whatever hap
pened I could slide down the rope In a
minute. I've seen ropes before. I gave
the rope a turn around an Iron, so I
could pay it out, and . then dropped her
gently down inside the ladder. Just then
the stream from the water tower struck
us and It seemed to revive her a little.
She couldn't do anything for herself, and
when I had dropped her to Shaughnessy
he packed her the rest of the way."
"I Just packed her down to the street
and left her, and then went around to
Market," said Shaughnessy, modestly.
"Do you know how to pack a person
down" a ladder? They just straddle the
back of your neck and you can hold their
legs tight in front of you and use your
bands in the ladder, too. I had her that
way, while Cumisky kept the rope taut
above. I Just left her in the street and
some people took her off to some drug
store, I believe."
prow of a boat; a fair taupo stabbing the
air with it in her pantomime of pursuit
and escape; a make-believe warrior
flourishing it as he capers about In green
leaf kirtle. his face smudged with blue,
and no harm ever results.
It is a different matter, however, when
the kirtled and smudged warrior capers
in grim earnest. True, he is the owner of
a white man's gun, which the white man
has taught him to use, but he has the
■/aguest taeas about taking aim. 11 it Da
a question of a wood pigeon, hidden away
among leafy, branches where no , white
man's eye can detect it, the Samoan gen
erally brings it down at the flrst shot;
but when a human body Is his target he
fires at random, and If you 'want to court
danger the best way is to stand apparent
ly out of range. When, however, he does
succeed In killing or mortally wounding,
the joy of battle begins. With the whoop
and shriek of the victor he is down on the
fallen foe, the nifi oti comes into vigorous
action and a dripping human head is tri
. ■"■
That was how two medals were won.
Shaughnessy hurried on around to the post
he had been absent from for eight or ten
minutes in technical violation of orders,
and for long hours he and Assistant En
gineer Wills fought the flames from the
Baldwin annex. Cumisky came down the
heating ladder like a squirrel and went
to work about the water tower with little
further thought of the rescued.
It was but a few minutes Jater that the
crowd was thrilled again. Away up on
that same cornice, six stories above
ground, a man was running back and
forth, half hidden by the smoke and
quickly \o be reached by the eager
flames.
"Look! Look!" yelled the crowd.
Fred Savers, a fireman with Engine
Company No. 1, heard and looked up.
There were two fire escapes on the Ellis
umphantly held up in evidence of his
prowess.
Of late years missionary effort partially
abolished the barbarous custom and vic
tors were content with a victim's ear as
a badge of courage. The man who could
show the most ears was the hero of the
hour. This, however, did not altogether
commend itself to the Samoan mind, and
for reasons. It was discovered that brag
garts had a habit of slicing off both ears
thereby multiplying their feats unwar
rantably, and in this last war the ghast
ly heads have again been displayed.
The heads are invariably male. Hith
erto the Samoan woman has borne a
charmed life. She has been allowed free
access to opposing camps, has carried pro
visions, water— occasionally useful
Information— to her belligerent relatives,
and no finger has been raised to harm
Her. A Tight has even been temporarily
stopped because a woman was seen cross
ing between the lines, and If a fatality
occurred it was caused by the similarity
of dress and headgear which made It ior"
possible to detect sex at a distance
street side, but the excited man away Up
there amid the smoke did not see them.
"I'll get him down," said -Sayers, and
he made a dash for the same fire escape
that had presented the spectacular feat
of a few minutes before.
A. J. Christie, a Milwaukee traveling
man, in an outside room on the mansard
story, had been awakened by the break
ing of his transom and the shooting in of
flames. Pulling on a pair of trousers,
which he did not stop to fasten, he rushed
to the window and sprang out upon the
broad cornice. Smoke arid fire seemed
ail about him. He ran along the cornice,
but missed the iron ladders and could see
no possibility of .escape. Deciding quick
ly that he would not be burned alive, he
hurried back to • his room, secured a
razor and was out on' the cornice again,
ready at the last moment to cut his own
throat.
With this resolution he stood there,
razor in hand, giving a last thought to
the wife and children he had. left 2000
miles away, when he realized a loud,
calm voice calling to him.
'Here, throw that away," it said. "Now
keep cool. I'll get you down." It was
Fireman Bayers speaking from out of
the smoke, twenty feet below.
"Keep your head and you'll be all
right," repeated Sayers in a matter-of
fact way as be came up. "Fix up your
suspenders there. Now, can you climb?"
"Yes."
"Well, as I go down you drop your legs
over my shoulders, and I'll help you
down."
With this burden on his shoulders the
strong young fireman went quickly down
ward through the smoke, past windows
where great tongues of flame from within
and the stream from the water-tower
were alternately striking and countering.
Safe on the ground at last and relieved of
his human burden he. too, went coolly and
quietly back to his hose lines.
The first Scannell medal went to As
slstant Engineer Wills for heroism at the
collapse of the Brighton lodging house at
22 Fifth street on June 22, 1896. An exca
vation next the four-story building under
mined its foundations and the whole
building fell in a tangled mass of debris,
burying a score of people. Many were
quickly rescued by willing hands. "Wills
made two especially perilous trips far Into
the mass of still creaking and falling tim
bers, safely dragging out Miss Bessie
Wilson and taking out also Mrs. Ernestine
Silversteln, who soon died.
District Engineer Dolan distinguished
himself in April, 1897, at a fire on Bu
chanan street, near Ellis, at which he was
in charge. A narrow passage beside a no
tion store led to the coal yard and stable
of John H. Rulffs, in the rear. Several
cans of oil in the rear of the store
quickly set store and stable afire.
Rulffs and a young man he employed ram
to the stable to save three horses, but the
blazing oil cut off their retreat and
quickly surrounded them by fire. Tho
young man escaped through the stable
roof, but the older man was overpowered
by the smoke and fumes.
Dolan, working in the passageway,
thought he heard* groans. The little coal
yard was getting to be a veritable fur
nace, but into it Dolan sprang. Past
the nearest flames, he groped around in
the dense smoke. Then the stream
struck him and bowled him over, knock
ing him against the insensible form of
Rulffs. The burden was a heavy one,
and Dolan was half overcome. He called
for assistance. Foreman William Ken
nealy heard him and came. In a mo
ment they together dragged out the old
man to safety. He could have lived in
that fiery atmosphere but little longer.
That is the sort of stuff the San Fran
cisco Fire Department is made of. They
are proud of their big gold medals, but
to them their deeds were merely part cf
a fireman's duty.'(fpP| PAGES hJ^
«j? «r? OW do American audiences
=={ compare with those of other
| lands? And Incidentally, are
I * Jl we a musically intelligent
people?
These two questions were asked four
of the world's greatest singers and their
reply was well, read for yourself and
see what they think of us.
We have been accused of preferring
"My Honolulu Lady" to "Aida." 'Tis
whispered abroad that the tinkle of the
banjo is sweeter music to our ears than
the wail of the violin; that vaudeville
laughs in the face of opera.
We might not submit to the Judgment
of one singer, but when four song birds,
each one of a different nationality, give
their opinions we submit gracefully to
the ver .ict.
Australian, German, French and
Cuban have said and said honestly
what they think of us. Melba, Gadski,
De Lussan and Chalia— could we ask
for more competent or fairer judges?
MELBA; The soul of the
dinger and- the soul of the
audience clasp hands
THE CALL Sunday Edition.
/What they thinkof American Audiences
yS^Wxy b.__._F\»«3 w *h» *•****•'*'• a *« HI .1 , ****w
QadskL
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
across the footlights in
America just as tenderly
and earnestly as in any
other spot on the globe.
J-telba.
tjrP UDIENCES are very much the
/[yy\ same the wide.world round. From
jl~\\ Greenland's ley. mountains to In
-11 ; __ dia's coral strands the singer
finds that the whole world Is kin. When
they like you. and like your work they
show it.
They may give different expression to
their appreciation. What matters it if
it be stamping of feet, clapping of hands,
wild shouts of delight, a swelling brava
or a pleading bis that greets the artist?
It Is all sweet music to. her ears. There
are no geographical boundaries to appre
ciation. -
Be it In darkest Africa, if you thrill
it by stamping of feet, clapping of hands,
your hearers, if you play upon responsive
chords, they will give expression to the
feelings which you have inspired. Joy
and sorrow, laughter and tears, sobs and
sighs, they are latent In every audience
awaiting the magic of a voice that shall
awaken them.
What moves an audience of one nation
ality may not affect the audience of an
other clime. Yet this is true only in a
slight degree. On the surface the child
of the blue sunny skies is very different
from the child of the northern star. And
what touches one on the surface does
not move the other. But- after all they
are brothers with | the same elemental
feelings, and if you strike deep down in
their hearts you find the same chord vi
brating. .
Whether an audience is moved and
knows technically, the wherefore or
whether it simply feels without asking
the why matters not.
American audiences feel. Who shall say
otherwise? Not one who has looked out
Upon that sea of mobile listening faces.
Not one who has seen- them sway with
a common impulse toward the singer.
"Not one who has, felt their magnetism,
their responsiveness, their sympathy.
Not one who through the glare has
watched eyes soft with unshed tears or
brimming over with laughter.
When an audience gives an artist this
she can ask nothing more. The American
audience does give it. The soul of the
singer and the soul of the audience clasp
hands across the footlights in America
•just as tenderly and earnestly as In any
other spot on the globe. :-. .
If you asked me whether the American
people as a whole are as musical as other
Nationalities, that would be quite another
matter. those who frequent the
Sera those who make up the American
Sonce, differ very little from other au
diences. It is not alone the crowded
Souse but there is the same enthusiasm
to Inspire the artist. vy
It would.be almost impossible for me
to nlac-* any one American city above an
other as far as musically Intelligent audi
ences are concerned.
Teor as I said before, audiences are
ve^ much the same the wide world
round. ,7 #
• *
QADSKI: The striking dif
ference in American and
European audiences is
that the ladies here take
more interest and are so
much more' appreciative
than the men. 1 think in
every branch of art m
America it is the same
the ladies lead.
-. n OUR years ago I first came to
Ig? America. When I returned to
F=* Germany I had a neat little stock
{ of opinions concerning ' America
& which I carefully brought with me
TmTrU cC has d chLg/rso'much that in
a^ance fj-ft"^
"T.n ill Sing. , my views to suit
cfrcumstanfes, .0 this last time
I was prepared : for the long musical
stride which America had taken in so
short a space of time.
American audiences progress as rapidly
musically as does America commercially.
Each time that I have sung here I find
that the faults of the previous year have*
either become less noticeable or are en
tirely mended.
Four years ago, on my first visit, I was
charmed. Each succeeding season showed
such a marked improvement that now I
am doubly charmed with America. This
may not be good arithmetic, but it has
the saving quality of truth.
America progresses so rapidly that
what we say of her to-day will to-mor
row no longer hold good. It is a won
derful soil on which to transplant tho
European arts. Fifty years hence Amer
ica will have advanced musically beyond
recognition. Time has proven that tho
danger lies not in .predicting too much
but in predicting too little for America.
The striking difference in American and
European audiences Is • that the ladies
here take more interest and are so much
more appreciative than the men. I think
in every branch of art in America it Is the
,same the ladies lead.
But this is perfectly natural growth.
First comes the business of a nation, then
the art. American men have been too
busy with affairs of State to cultivate art.
While the men have been devoting them
selves to business, the ladies have had
an opportunity to study the artistic.
As I said before, America moves so
rapidly up the scale that It is hard to
place her musically with other nations.
But. l think T may Say that the two most
musical American cities in which I have
sung are Boston and Philadelphia. They
are typical American cities, and it Is only
such that I am considering when I make
this assertion. New York Is too cosmo
politan to serve as a model of American
audiences. People from every clime and
of every nationality go to make up its
audiences.
I never received a more delightful trib
ute than in "Adia" last Thursday night.
No one could ask more of an audience,
that small In numbers, was so great In
appreciation. But of course I can not
place San Francisco musically from one
or two performances. Its musical In
telligence Is certainly of. a high order.
They tell me that San Francisco Is as
cosmopolitan as New York, so perhaps
it »' would not be fair after all to rank it
with typical American cities.
The time is coming when the American
man 'will 'take the- same interest in mu
sic- that the American woman-does. And
then the problem, of. why. America doe*
not give the world "a great composer will
be solved.
• • •
DE LUSS/\J. : This blend
ing of races has made of
the American audience a
thing like, yet unlike,
event other audience in the
iv Grid. There is the sure
footed applause of the for
eign element, which knows
whereof it applauds, and
the applause equally gen
uine but more timid from
those who are not to opera
houses born.
— — 3 HE American audience is very
much like the French audience.
If It thrills to your notes. there is
,i . the same genuine generous out
burst of enthusiasm.
An English audience may appreciate
the artist fully, but the Anglo-Saxon
coldness Is a constant checkrein on.en
thusiasm. They may love you as much
but they are not so demonstrative. They
make no outer show of appreciation, yet
the artist feels the silent bond of sympa
thy.
Since America is first cousin to England
one might expect very, much the same
from American audiences. But who are
cousins scarcely less removed? Italy,
France, Spain, Germany and a dozen
other countries have a right to claim dis
tant relationship. For from each and
every one of these places America has
added- to her population and to her cos
mopolitan aspect.
This blending of races has made of the
American audience a thing like, yet un
like, every other audience ln the world.
There is the sure-footed applause of the
foreign element which knows whereof it
applauds, and the applause equally gen
uine but more timid from those who are
not to opera-houses born.
For in Europe where every city has its
own opera-house the people go nightly
to the opera. The market woman hums
an air from the opera over her wares,
the urchins sing at their play and there
Is literally music in the air. The music
of the streets is from some opera that has
caught the popular ear.
And that the ears of the masses of such
countries should be attuned to good mu
sic Is natural. Likewise a country where
music is reserved for especial occasions
has not the 'musical capacity of a more
fortunate land. In Europe for a cent
one may hear a band beyond compare,
and for Httle more money drink In the
sweet sounds at the opera.
There is this great difference In the
masses— the American urchin whistles
the latest coon song— the French raga
muffin sings an air from the opera.
But the American people who do have
musical advantages, who do hear opera,
they make a charming audience before
which any artist Is glad to stand.
There Is no more Interesting audience
in the world than the American and
none more Inspiring. For almost every;
nationality is represented and the typi
cal American, with his keen understand
ing, rare responsiveness and willingness
to learn, gives to the assemblage a naive
touch not found elsewhere.
San Francisco Is Jno exception, and
whatever nationalities go to make up Its
audiences, the whole is certainly delight
ful for the artist to whose lot falls the
sweet pleasure of appearing before them.
" • • " •
GH/.LI/\ : Br ava for Amer
ica ! I say. For when you
consider her disadvan
tages and youth you can
not but marvel at the mu
sical intelligence of her
audiences. There is good
raw material in the Amer
ican audience that some
day— when good opera is
as much apart of the city
life as street sweeping
will develop into the high
est musical intelligence.
i}-.v> MERICAN audiences - are over
j .\\ indulgent. An artist is always In
/ \ danger of being spoiled by their
li . _•> good nature. An open expression
of disapproval is sometimes as necessary
for the careless- artist ' as Is a spank
ing for the spoiled child. In this coun
try If an artist does not feel well or is
lazy she need not take the -usual note and
tb ■ audience will not complain. Abroad
such a proceeding would meet with mark
ed uibapproval."'
But 1 love the American audiences Just
the same, and I am glad to say that all
good-humored Indulgences In the • world
could not make me less painstaking and
conscientious. .'■ .
Italy and Spain are the only two coun
tries abroad in which I have sung. I
have been on the stage but four years,
so I. have not yet had an opportunity to
sing for many nations. But I am sure
that to be weighed musically in the same
scale with Italy and Spain is a suffi
ciently severe test.
Brava for America! I say. For when
you consider her disadvantages and youth
you cannot but marvel at the musical
Intelligence of her audiences. They feel
intuitively what they lack In technical
knowledge. There is good raw material
in the American audience that some day
—when good opera Is as much a part of
the city life as street sweeping— de
velop Into ". the 'highest musical intelli
gence. .'--.- r
The vital spark is there— without which
neither singer nor audience can. fill their
respective places. . For an audience, like
a singer, that is bubbling over with mag
netism can be forgiven much. And be
cause American audiences have this qual
ity they will some day have the techni
cal as well as the Intuitive appreciation.
That the American audiences are like
those In Milan or Madrid I cannot say.
Why, even the beggars go nightly to the
operas there, as have their fathers for
generations before them. Music is bred
in the bone and breathed in the air. It
is as much a part of their lives as eat
ing and drinking.
In San Francisco, more than in any
other American city in which I hay*;
sung, I am reminded of .the Latin aud
ences. Why, even on the streets I see
type constantly. And of course they
very sympathetic to me. - v ~
Oil the first night that 1 sang I saw on
the faces of my audience the same ex
pression that has inspired me in Milan
and . Madrid. That means more to me
than handclapping and shouts.
It Is really hard for me to say what the
American audience is for I keep think
ing of what they will be.
DE LUSSAN'S IDEA
of the
Character of Carmen
To begin you must know I * consider
Carmen a very fascinating person. True,
she was utterly devoid of any moral prin
ciple, for her passions were those of an
animal; but for all that, she was a wo
man, which extenuation monsieur must
admit covers a multitude of faults, or a?
ln Carmen's case— sins.
To my mind. Carmen's last love was al
ways h«r strongest. It was If you choosa
the dominant force in her existence. She
was a woman at once thoroughly fasci
nating and wicked, and it was the latter
that made her the former. There was
absolutely nothing sweet about Carmen.
I believe she was capable of loving a
man sufficiently well to kill him. for a
study of the character shows her to have
been ruled by i.er passing passions. But
she was* not capable of fidelity er a last-
Ghalia,
ffi) 25t0 32 WB?'
Ing love. Fidelity was foreign to her na
ture.
I have studied Carmen long and seri
ously. Of course, I have been guided by
precedent, but I have striven also for
originality in my interpretation. The li
bretto gives Carmen as she was, and that
portions of it are of necessity omitted* is
sufficient proof as to the kind of woman
she was.
There is but one sad moment in bar
men's life, and that is when she is read
ing her cards. They tell her she must
die, and being Imbued with superstition
she Is depressed; but the entrance of the
Toreador banishes it in the twinkling of
an eye. • These are some of the finer
phases of the character dwelt upon by
all artists. Their very suggestion tells
that portion of. the story which it is phys
ically and morally Impossible to portray.
How do I prepare for a performance of
Carmen? V«'>
Very much as one does for any physi
cal contest. The performance is exhaust
ing to a great degree. The day of the
evening upon which I am to appear I
rest quietly and never speak. I receive
no visitors. A performance of Carmen
completely exhausts me— lt is positively
killing. I have many changes to make,
and from the beginning I have to be all
life and fire. Carmen demands that an
artist be ever ready and attractive, ana
this can only be obtained by one's keep
ing in tKe^>_nk*«_- condition. . - -
De Lussarv.
WJLWSk26
SOCIETY is reveling in grand
opera. In fact, the town has
gone opera mad, and during the
week Just passed Lent has re
ceived rather scant observance
from even the most orthodox.
I All Vanity Fair, in frills and furbelows,
I furs and Jewels, was at the Grand Opera
i liouse on Monday to greet the songbirds,
j Although the brilliancy of the opening
i night was somewhat marred by the
: sprinkling of high-necked gowns and
somber materials throughout the body of
the house, the occupants of the boxes
'without an exception were arrayed as
j the majesty of the occasion demanded,
and their costumes and Jewels added
greatly to the spectacular side of the
effects.
•• - •
There have been box parties galore. A
! noticeable feature of these has been an
I almost entire absence of the debutantes
of the season, as also of the more youth
ful of the belles. However, there has
been a conspicuous showing of bachelors,
Who listened attentively in the back
ground while the curtain was up and who
visited assiduously while the curtain was
[down. . .
In Mayor Phelan's box on Monday night
•were his mother, Mrs. Phelan, Mrs. Frank
I Sullivan, Miss Mary Bell Gwdn and Colin
M. Smith. ■ y
In Mrs. William G. Irwin's box were
Mrs. Harold Sewall. Mrs. Lansdale, Miss
J_aura McKinstry and Henry Redington.
After the performance Mayor Phelan
entertained both parties at a delightful
ieupper in the red room of the Bohemian
'Club. „ . ,
• Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels gave a
box party Monday night and entertained
Mrs. Jolliffe, Miss Virginia Jolliffe and
Dr. Herbert Moffitt. il";';
Tuesday night Mr. and Mrs. William G.
Irwin gave a box party, followed by a
-supper at the University Club. The party
comprised Mrs. Hyde-Smith, Mrs. Jessie
Dettrick. Miss Smith and Edward M.
Greenway. - _ '■". , ,
The same evening Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels entertained in their box Miss
Romietta Wallace, Miss Laura McKinstry
Miss Jolliffe, Allen St. John Bowie and
Edward H. Sheldon. A supper followed
in the Palace grill room.
» » •
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey gave
a box party Wednesday night to Mr. and
Mrs James Robinson and Mrs. Harold
Sewall. Supper at the Palace. .
Mr and Mrs. Isaac Hecht entertained
i box party on Wednesday night, fol
low-ed by supper at the Palace. The party
comprised: Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Gerstle
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Gerstle and -Mls3
G Jennie Blair. Peter D. Martin and
Mr -Caleb were the guests of Mrs.
Eleanor Martin in her box on ""A ednesday
evening and afterward at supper at the
? The e same evening Mr. and Mrs. W. F.
Herrin entertained Mrs. Richard Bayne
Mr. and Mrs. Schwerln. Miss Herrin a.nd
Mr C Ja°k Cunningham's box on Wednes
rKv evening contained Mr. and Mrs.
Homer King and Athearn Folger. After
Se performance Mrs. Cunningham enter
tained her guests at supper at the Palace.
ni ? and Mrs. W. R. Whittier gave an
SFgM party in their box on Wednesday
S?ibr Snd delightfully entertained Miss
mieUa Wal ace7Mlss Gertrude f Carroll
Sid Frederick A. kealy. Supper followed
at the University Club.
Thursday evening Mr. and J***-^
Mayo Newhall entertained in Mrs. jacK
Sr-S'lSS'lS^rt iSffilW-irTSSi
2!__K__WBK ThTsday night Mr. and
Mn [\ Frederick Kohl gave a charming
cupper at the Palace^ ln^r gu Hn _
Be?vin K Mis»^ennle Blair. Miss Roberts,
Miss Jones. Horace G. Piatt. Charles N.
Felton Jr* and Mr. Roberts of New York.
Miss Jolliffe gave a box party in Mrs
eckels' box on Thursday evening and
_. P sunoer at the Palace afterward. Her
Quests were: Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Buck
fee Miss Buckbee. Julian Thome and
M John n Cftffrey entertained Mr. and Mrs.
Hugo D Kelt and Miss Caro Carpenter in
box at the opera on Monday evening.
Wednesday evening Mr. and Mrs. John
Herd and Frank Thompson were his
'guests. # •-'••
Dr. William Payne Simpson, son of the
late Dr. James Simpson of this city, was
married last Tuesday to Mrs^Lucy Alsop
Thomas, widow of Malcolm, Thomas. The
ceremony was performed in New York
City at St. Thomas Church, Fifth ave
nue and Fifty-third street. Dr. Simpson
■was formerly a resident of San Francisco,
and for several years occupied the posi
tion of assistant surgeon under Dr. So
mers at the Receiving Hospital. Since
leaving California a year ago he has been
'practicing his profession in New York
City. , ,i"V:
• Major General William R. Shafter, U. S.
A was the guest of honor at the recep
tion Monday afternoon, given by the la
dies of Laurel Hall Club at their rooms.
1620 California street. On the reception
committee were: Mrs. W. B. Harrington,
• Mrs. John Gray, Mrs. Irving Moulton.
Mr« H. J. Sadler. Mrs. R. Carmany Mrs.
J Burnett, Mrs. Darvllle J. Libby. Mrs. I.
Lowenberg, Mme. Tojetti and Miss Stadt
muller. , * •
• On Tuesday Mrs. Isldor Burns gave a
charming reception at her residence, 404
r Golden Gate avenue, in honor of her cous
in Miss Constance Williams. who
Is visiting her. The rooms were profuse
ly decorated with fruit blossoms and
boughs of the Japanese kaido. Miss Wil
liams wore a handsome gown of cream
satin and crepe with trimmings of burnt
lorange velvet. Mrs. Burns was .assisted
in receiving by Mrs. C. P. Osgood, Mrs.
M W Parker, Mrs. W. S. Duncombe,
Mrs. Willi. Matson, Miss Paul Goodloe
and' Miss Mayle. ■ .
• • •
Mme. Melba was the guest of honor
la = Thursday evening at a charming din
ner party given by Walter Martin in the
Red room of the Bohemian Club. The
table was exquisitely decorated and a
string orchestra furnished music during
the service of the dinner. Those invited
'to meet Mme. Melba were: Mr. and Mrs.
J Downey Harvey. Mr. and Mrs. Horace
Blanchard Chase, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels, Miss Fannie Loughborough,
Miss Josephine Loughborough, Miss Mary
Bell Gwdn, Miss Laura McKinstry. Peter
! D. Martin. Edward M. Greenway, Donald
de V. Graham. Richard Tobin,' Signor
Pandolflnl and George E. Hall. .
»- * *
Mrs. Charles Christen6en gave a most
i delightful luncheon last Friday at her
home In San Rafael, complimentary to
Miss Piatt of St. Louis, who is visiting
her. The table decorations consisted of
maidenhair fern and the most exquisite
cut glass. Among those entertained were:
I Mrs. Horace Wilson, Mrs. A. G. Booth,
Mrs. Burke, Mrs. Hand, Mrs. Howard and
Mrs. F. Hays. ■ • ••
Miss Jennie Blair gave a theater party
on Saturday evening, March 11. and after
ward entertained her guests at supper.
The party comprised Mr. and Mrs. George
Washington Boyd, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kohl.
Mr. and Mrs. George de" Latour. Miss Ma
mie Burling, Miss Mamie Kohl. Mayor-
James D. Phelan. Edward M. Greenway
land Peter D. Martin. * ■' -,* '.--'
_ • •
Monday evening Mayor James D. Phe
lan gave a dinner party In the red room
of the Bohemian Club. His guests were:
Mi, and Mrs. Downey. H&ryf-J. Air. i_3si
I Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Mrs. Harold
Sewall, Mrs. Frank J. Sullivan, Mrs.
I Lansdale. Miss Mary Bell Gwln, Miss
1 Marguerite Jolliffe, Miss Helen Smith,
! Miss Laura McKinstry, Captain Terry,
U. S. N. ; Edward M. Greenway, Walter
Martin, Peter D. Martin. Dr. Herbert
Moffett and Colin M. Smith.
Mrs. James Russell gave a theater
' party Saturday evening, March 11, at
which ' she entertained a number of
friends.
•• i •
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Dutton and the
Misses Mollie and Gertrude Dutton are
: temporarily located at the Occidental Ho
i tel. They will leave for New York, via
1 Panama, March 28, and will remain East
I during the summer month,.
H. M. A. Miller and J. W. C: Maxwell
1 have left for Mazatlan. Mexico, to inspect
j certain mines in which -they are inter
ested. _ . , . ,*
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Spreckels arrived in
I this city last week from Santa Cruz.
i They will reside permanently ln ban
' Francisco.
• • •-'«
Mr. and Mrs. George Washington Boyd
i arrived a week ago yesterday in their
1 private car "Olivette" from Monterey and
are stopping at the Palace. •
Mrs. Hyde^Smlth left here last Thurs
day in response to a summons from her
sister Mrs. Garceau, who is seriously ill
with pneumonia at her home in Chicago.
Dr. and Mrs. Beverly MacMonagle re
turned Tuesday from their southern trip.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kohl returned
a week ago yesterday from a two weeks
visit to Monterey.
Mr and Mrs. Russell Wilson arrived
from' the East on Monday ln their private
1 car They were accompanied by Mrs.
I Jarboe who will remain in the city un
i til May, when she will go to her cottage
I in Santa Cruz for the remainder of the
I summer. Mr. and Mrs. Paul Jarboe will
spend the summer with her. \
I Mrs. Jack Cunningham has returned
I from Monterey.
Athearn Folger came up from Del
Monte last week. *-_.__._.
General Charles P. Eagan, U. S. A ac
companied by Mrs. Eagan, arrived in this
city on Thursday en route to the Hawai
ia Francis J. Heney will leave March 25
for Honolulu to be gone several weeks
• ;» i -ay.
i Captain Uriel Sebree, U. S. N.. and Mrs.
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD
DEAREST MARGUERITE -We
take ourselves nightly to the op
era—and we take ourselves seri
ously; which makes lt very droll.
For you see we are so anxious to
be comme 11 faut that we do not cover up
the tracks of anxiety sufficiently. The
"brand new", clings to us despite our pre :
cautions. .'.".'. - ,__,'' .
However, we are improving nightly, ana
by the time the season is over our opera
manners will be beyond criticism. They
were mostly sins of omission— neglecting
to cover up unsightly bones or hideous
rolls of fat. For "lovely woman en
masse in decollete Is not a thing of
beauty ' Pretty shoulders were displayed
and were. appreciated. But since the fiat
had gone forth that low-necked gowns
were In order, women uncovered shoul
ders that were not good to look upon.
And yet some one raised a hue and cry
because the entire feminine audience was
not decollete.
Heaven forbid! say I. For why con
vert the opera house Into a museum of
anatomy? 'Twere a sin to hide pretty
throats and dimpled shoulders-and like
wise 'tis a sin not to cover up those that
are hungry looking or cushiony.
Everybody went on Monday night. All
the smart world and his wife sat where
they could be seen. In the family circle
were those who came to see. And in the
gallery sat those who came to hear.
Fashion decreased the higher up you
went and some said the musical intelll-
S Alf th n e C boxef were filled the first night,
and there were fully a dozen dinners be
forehand. For the most part they were
given at home, and for the suppers after
ward the clubs were utilized.
Mr and Mrs. Wilson, the Merrills, Ho
barts, Crockers, Mayor Phelan and others
occupied the palco boxes with their
friends. Mary Bell Gwln, the Hopkins
girls Laura McKinstry, Caro Crockett
in fact, a great many of the gir s-severed
maternal apron strings and helped make
box parties look radiant.
But neither bud ncr belle could compare
with Mrs. Hobart, who in cream satin
with a single American Beauty rose easily
carried of! the honorb. Dick Bays that
was the verdict of the chappies, who did
the "Howdy' In the boxes between acts.
Margaret Jolllffe sat in one of the pro
scenium boxes with her sister. Mrs.
Spreckels. Margaret ls looking aggres
sively happy these days and has a tan
talizing habit of toying with a diamond
circlet on her third finger. As for Dr.
Moffitt, he enjoys the rights and priv
ileges of an engaged man— the extent
of absolutely ignoring the rest of the fair
sex Papa says he considers it the match
of the season, for Dr. Moffitt has money
enough, ability to spare, and prospects
to dazzle. . _ _ -
Tuesday night a great many of us felt
compelled to take a little beauty sleep,
but on Wednesday we were there again
in all our glory. Opera capes were val
iantly removed without first noting our
neighbors' tactics, and altogether we had
lost the shy hesitancy and "follow your
leader* air of Monday night. After the
opera Mayor Phelan gave us a supper at
the Bohemian Club.
Thursday was the red letter night of the
week. 1 We did not go to the opera, but
instead to a dinner at the Bohemian Club.
Sebree have taken apartments at the Ho
tel Bella Vista.
Harry N. Stetson arrived in Cairo,
Egypt; ' February 18.
Mrs. S. L. Bee and Everett N. Bee will
leave March 25 for a trip to China and
Japan. ...
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, accompanied by
Harry C. Lathrop arrived from the East
on Wednesday after an absence of six
weeks. Mrs. Stanford will remain in
town several weeks at her home on Cali
fornia street.
• • *
D. O. Mills and Mr. and Mrs. White
law Reid . arrived from New York early
last week en route to ' Millbrae.
Commander C. P. Perkins, U. S. N., ahd
wife have returned from Byron Springs,
where they have been spending several
weeks, and are at the Occidental Hotel.
Mrs. Evans, wife of Lieutenant F. D.
Evans, U. S. A., will remain ln Washing
ton, D. C, during the absence of Lieu
tenant Evans in Manila.
Dr. and Mrs. David Cohn left Tuesday
evening for a short Eastern trip. "
Mr. and Mrs. William M. Bunker sailed
Friday on the Hongkong Maru for Ja
pan. They will continue their trip around
the world- , ,"•'- ■•; -;y. yl '■■::= -X-'c;'
■ \ *. • » •
A surprise party was given to Miss May
Lot hers at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
A. T. Joell on the evening of March 11.
Those present were: Peter B. Simmons,
Benjamin Coonley, Charles Jenkins Jr.,
Miss Emma Stout, Edward Beard, Miss
Mattie Perry, George Ward. Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Joell, Mr. and Mrs. James
Sweeney, Mr. Lenox. Miss Healey, Miss
Belle 'Kidd. Miss Frances Kidd, Edward
Lowrev. Miss Mason, Miss Florence
s£.»H?!WW*_. J?<"»Q __jb_-w» Edward looker,'!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MARCH 19, 1899.
Miss Conway, J. Fogel, -Edward Fay, . Miss
May Lothers, Robert D. Wrong, Miss
Falrchlld.* George Monroe, Tessel and
iy Lothers, Robert D. Wrong. Miss
lrchild. George Monroe, Miss Tessel and
Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Joell.
A very pleasant ' birthday party was
given to Cecil W. Bass at his residence,
708 Larkin street, on Friday evening,
March 10. Among those present were: Miss
Hazel Smith, Miss Edna Currier, Miss Lo
rine Dentler, Miss Grace Ralston. Miss
Frances Eldridge. Miss Martha Kersey,
Miss Hazel Ralston, Miss Edna Mayor.
Frank Ralston, Fred Samuels, Fred
Mayor, George Mayor. Artemas Doan,
Harry Lorton and Cecil Bass.
The eighth party of the R. K. L. will
be gvien Tuesday evening, March 21, at
Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street.
Dr. S. P. ('half ant. who left about a
year ago for the mining districts of Colo
rado, returned home on the 15th Inst.
Jacob Spitz left ten days ago for an
extended trip through Mexico and Florida.
Bandmaster J. L. yon der Mehden has
returned from Honolulu.
Mrs. S. Daniel wlcz and daughter of Port
land, Or., are visiting in San Francsico.
At home at 520 Golden Gate avenue on
Monday, March 20.
Miss Gllson has returned to her homo
in Carson, Nev., after a delightful visit
to her friend Mrs. E. L. Hayward ' and
other friends in San Francisco. She will
return soon to accompany Mrs. Hayward
and a party on a tour of the Hawaiian Isl
ands, China and Japan.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Mr. and Mrs. F. Hoentg at their home
Saturday evening. March 11, in honor , of
their silver wedding anniversary. They
were the recipients of many handsome
presents. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. John Feck, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Huber. Mr. and Mrs. F. Tod t, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Koenlg, Mr. and Mrs. Miller,
Mr. and Mrs. Kaufman, Mr. arid Mrs.
Weber, Mr. and Mrs. ***". Huber. Miss Liz
zie Lindwall.Mlss Lizzie Schwarting, Miss
Alice Fagan, Miss Katie Peck. Miss Mat
! tie Brown. Miss Minnie Huber, Miss Em
ma Koenlg,' Fred Todt. Fred Koenlg.
Charles Coronti. Charles Koenlg Arthur
McMahon, William Koenig and Arthur
Koenlg.
A surprise party was given to Mr. and
Mrs. Stuart of 577 Chestnut street last
Saturday evening by Mr. and Mrs. C.
Woods. Those present were: G. P.Woods
Miss Fannie Woods, Miss Myden. Mr. and
Mrs. Baldaranos, Joe Baldaranos, M. Per
The guest of honor was none less than
Melba herself, while the host was Wal
ter Martin. • ' ' . . '• '; .J**-*'"**
It was just 8 o'clock when we sat down
ln the Red room, which .was decked in
floral attire that made it look like a bit
of fairyland. From floor to ceiling it was
a mass of sweet-scented spring flowers
and the orchestra, hidden behind - the
trailing flowers,- made even Paradise seem
secondary ip comparison. '«>' •*- '■■'".-' •:
Tho decorations on the table were ex
quisite and, of course, Melba's presence
lent a charm will make this '< dinner
go down In. the history of the Red room.
Mme. Melba and the charming English
girl who travels with 1 her, Miss.Donald
son, kept us amused with, stories of .here,
there and' everywhere.
Mme. Melba wore a beautiful gown and
if she" is over 40 'twere treason to tell,
for certainly she did not look It.
Not content with the diva, mine host
likewise gave us Pandolfinl, the tenor,
who Is even more adept with his knife
and fork than with his voice.
It was 11 o'clock when we said au revolr
to the distinguished guests.
"We" .consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Dow
ney Harvey, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels, Laura McKinstry, Mary Bell
Gwln, Ned Greenway and several lesser
social lights in broadcloth and shining
linen.
We all tell Mr. Martin that he must
'. give another dinner just to make us sure
j that the lovely Melba dinner was not a
i dream. The men suggest De Lussan as
the guest of honor. But we say nay, nay.
; And there is method in our madness. For
! while we don't object now and then to
having our lights dimmed we should feel
I badly were they totally extinguished.
And the latter would be our fate even
! if united belledom were pitted against De
I Lussan. Lovingly,
: yy FLORA mcflimsey.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S NEW $1,500,000 YACHT
UEEN VICTORIA'S new yacht ls almost completed. It
is pronounced by experts to be the finest vessel of its
class in the world. 77 -7:
I I The royal yacht Is now building at the dockyard
at Pembroke, herewith is presented the dockyard
at Pembroke, and herewith ls presented the first pic
ture as yet published in America of this very interest
ing vessel. No name for the yacht has 'been selected,
but It is understood that the vessel will be christened either
Enchantress or Balmoral. The yacht Is now so near comple
tion that May 9 has been set as the date of the launch, and
the christening ceremony will be performed, if present ar
rangements be carried out, by the Duchess of York. The first
keel was laid December 23, 1897, and It Is expected that the
yacht will be ready to go Into commission by the close of the
resent year.
According to some representations, the British admiralty
has sought to maintain a considerable degree of secrecy re
garding the plans for the boat, but there ls excellent reason for
doubting the authenticity of these reports. The new yacht is
420 feet over all' by 50 feet beam, and will have a draft of 18
feet on a displacement of 4600 tons. It will thus be seen that
The Largest and Most Expensively Equipped Yacht in the World,
SOCIETY
ry. Mr. and Mrs.. Lopes. Mr. and- Mrs.
Carnoffo. J. Hathwell, W. Kelly. Mr.
Clark, Mr. Lynch, Miss Minnie Woods
Mr. Miguel, Mr. Engeln, Mr. Milton and
William George.
Mrs. Curtaz, wife of Captain F. H. Cur
taz of Boston, was the guest of honor at
a luncheon given by , Mrs. William
Schuette at her residence, 161 Chatta
nooga street, on Tuesday last. Mrs. G.
Gallet of San Leandro and Mrs. G. Peak
of Tacoma assisted In receiving.
Mrs. Henry L. Kohn was the guest of
j honor at a birthday party given by Cap
tain and Mrs. Tailor at their new home,
"Fernslde," outside of San Rafael. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Henry L.
Kohn, Mr. and Mrs. D. La Graft, Mr. and
j Mrs. Ernest Jeromes Dr. and Mrs. la
' nell, Captain and Mrs. L. Tailor, Mr. and
Mrs. P.- Clark, Miss Alice Fltzhaven. Miss
Elsie Werder, Miss Dorothy McLean, Miss
i Erna Ayers. Thomas J. Johnston, Cap
tain D. McLean. L. B. Schrader and
Charles E. Ford.
* » • _<•
A delightful dinner was given recently
at the residence of Mrs. Sheridan, 1433
Folsom street, in honor of the birthday of
her daughter, Miss Tessie Sheridan. The
guests were: Mr. and Mrs*. P. W. Far
well, Mrs. Trelut, Miss Mamie McGuin
ness, Leon Smith of Oakland, Miss M.
Hennessey, Mr. Van Dyke, Tina Willicott.
Master Julius White, Miss Anna Sheri
dan, H. C. Clifford. Miss Agnes Sheridan.
Mr. Colton. Jqhn Sheridan Jr., Joe Sheri
dan, Miss Tessie Sheridan . and Maynard
Wright of Oakland.
The annual convention and banquet of
the eighth division of Sigma Nu was held
at Delmonlco's last Saturday. The eighth
division includes the chapters at Stanford,
Berkeley and the .Northwestern Uni
versity as well as the. . Pacific Coast
Alumni Association. Harry H. Hirst was
elected president; Walter -Dickie, vice
president; Marvin Curtis, secretary, and
George Crothers, treasurer.* In the after
noon Maurice V. Samuels read* a paper on
"Inter-Fraternity Relations," and Scott
Calhoun one on "What Makes a Good Fra
ternity Man." It was ordered that these
papers be published in the Delta, the
Sigma Nu magazine. Maury Simms, E.
M. Wolf and John S. Partridge. also made
addresses. The banquet was presided
over by John S. Partridge, and Norrys K.
Davis, Frank V. Keesling.and others re
sponded to toasts. ; ' .
A very pleasant birthday ' party was
given to Miss Phoebe M. Krutseher at her
home, 158 Carl street, Saturday. March 11.
Among those present were: Mrs. A. M.
Krutseher, Mrs. J. P. McCormack, Mrs.
F Krug, Miss Nellie Carroll. Miss Ellle
{Swing, Miss Carrie Krug,. Miss . Flora
Stlerlen, Master; Clarence' Wagner, Miss
Loretta Carroll, Miss Alice McCormack,
Master Robert Stlerlen, - Miss Gertie
Rvan Miss Neita Gabel, Master Ehna
Wagner. Miss Alice Flanagan, Miss
Myrtle Mulot, Miss Ernestana , Bisbie,
Miss Gertrude McCormack, Master Frank
Stlerlen, Miss Reata Ewing, '.Miss Mabel
Stlerlen, Miss Ellle McCormack, Miss
Rose Flanagan, Miss Myrtle ,-EWlng, Miss
CLara McCormack, Miss Minnie Vocke,
Miss -Irene Bachier, Miss Madie Gesford,
Miss Elenora Lyslska and Master: Harry
Ewing.': y- "■'■"! ■' '-' : '
Walter Wohn gave a party at his resi
dence. 1225 York street, on Saturday even
ing, March 11. Mr. Wohn was presented
with a -handsome gold me"dal and set of
resolutions. The following -were the
guests: The Misses Carrie ; and ■• ■ Gladys
Bussell, Miss Zetta Henry, the Misses
Rose and Aileen Schmalz, Miss. Grace
Rawlins, Miss M. Anderson. _ Charles E.
Pinkham, John G. Ritzau, Henry Mitchell;
John Cuff, Andrew Dow, Charles Rawlins.
Frank Wadsworth, D. Johns and 'William
Gantner.- - **:' .-* .:•":"'
A pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Packer at her residence, 818 Green
street, on March 11. Those present were:
Miss Lizzie Packer.Miss Alice Edwards,
Miss Louise Gimmel, Miss Nettie Willi.
Miss Christina Klaas, Miss Alice Mc-
Devitt, Miss Etta Ahrens, Miss Etta
Lorich, Miss Mamie Sherry. Miss Edith
Kramer, Miss Grace Zurick, Miss Nellie
Ruddock, Miss Myrla Mingham, Miss
Mary Munn, Miss Mamie Lang. Miss Min
nie Bunger, Miss Ella Kroenke, Mrs.
Packer, Archie Stevenot, Will Taylor,
George Ahrens, Julius Gimmel. Henry
Ford, Willie Bressllllo, Watkin Jones,
Fred de Augustine, Frank Mayno, Frank
Peterson, George Fey, Harry Losekann,
George Henderson, Loring Collins, Martin
Chapltal, George McDevitt and Frank
Cunder. vy y.
A very pleasant birthday party was ten
dered to Miss Millie Sideman last Tues
day. Among those present were: The
she is of 1000 tons less burden than the Russian Imperial yacht
Standart, and 423 tons in excess of the German Emperor's
yacht Hohenzollern, which is not, however, strictly speaking,
"entitled to classification, with the other royal yachts. inasmuch
as she Is nothing less than an armored cruiser with apart
ments fitted up for the Emperor.
The yacht now building at Pembroke will be fitted up with
twin screws and will be the first of the British royal yachts to
be thus propelled. Boilers will be of the Belleville water tube
type in three groups. The hull Is to be of steel, sheathed
with wood and covered with copper. As will be seen from the
picture, the yacht will have three funnels and three masts.
Compared with the largest private yachts In the world
this new vessel will, of course, stand out in striking contrast.
The William K. Vanderbilt yacht Valiant, which is at the head
of the list of private yachts, is only 332 feet over all, 39 feet
beam, 16 feet draft and of 1823 gross tons. The Payne yacht,
now building at the Bath Iron Works. Bath, Me., and the J.
Plerpont Morgan yacht Corsair, under construction at the yard
of T. S. Marvel & Co.. Newburg, N. V., are 303 feet and 302
feet over all, respectively. It may also be noted that the Eng
lish yacht is expected to cost in the neighborhood of $1,500,000,
which is about twice the amount expended on any of the
large private yachts. . . >
Misses Sideman, Miss Kate Kearney, Miss
Nellie MeKenna, Miss Julia Gay, Miss
Mamie Campbell, Mrs. Henrietta Meade,
Miss Maggie Leahy, Miss Kittle Croder;
Miss Jennie Ponders, Miss Mary Tracy
and Miss Emma Van Tassell. • ; •*."
' * ».*■;..
The Fin de Siecle Whist Club was de
lightfully entertained on Thursday even
ing at the home of Mrs. H. Reams, Ala
meda, Miss : Hulda Kiefaber acting as
hostess. A series of games was played,
Miss B. L. Gambit and A. J. Kennedy
being victorious. Miss.L. Beauman won
the consolation favor. Those present
were: Miss H. Kiefaber, J. H. Wheeler,
W. B. Burne, Miss J. Partridge, W. Lee,
Mies B. L. Gambitz, F. A. West, Miss S.
Logan, Judge T. F. Dunn, Miss F. Gam
bitz, A. J. Kennedy, Miss A. Partridge,
O. Colischonn, Miss L. Maelr, F. Houpt,
Miss I. Wolfe, L. R. Gambitz, Miss A.
Vellguth, H. W. Morgan and Miss L.
Beauman . > \
A delightful party was given at the
residence of Bernhard Lazansky, 2SI.
Pine street, on Sunday, March 12, in
honor of the anniversary of his sixtieth
birthday. An elegant dinner was enjoyed
by thirty guests.
The Qui Vive Whist Club was enter
tained by Miss Etta Becker last Sunday
evening. The members who participated
in the game were; Miss Sophie Asmus,
Miss Lulu Becker. Miss Minnie Becker,
Miss Clara Schmidt, Miss Etta Becker,
Miss Emma Becker, Harry Puckhaber,
Will Fenstermacher, Paul Westerfeld,
George Bush, Will Kells and Hugo
Schmidt. The prizes for the last month
were won by Miss Clara Schmidt and
AVERAGE WOMAN`S STRENGTH
IT Is an admitted fact that woman is
the weaker vessel— always was and al
ways will be. This, no doubt, is be
cause man, on the whole, prefers in
woman grace and tenderness, while
she prefers in man strength and ac
tivity. There is, of course, no good rea
son why woman should equal man in
physical or mental strength. Yet it is
cf more than ordinary Interest to know
the why and the wherefore of and the
comparative difference in the strength of
"the two sexes.
" A scientist who set himself this task
"has prepared some remarkable compari
sons; The result of this study Is of great
•Value by reason of the tests having been
made with a newly Improved dynamome
ter, the working of which is very ac
curate. .< ~y ■■
' .The figures given in the table below In
dicate' the strength of each individual
group of muscles for the average man and
woman. They are- based upon the study
of hundred healthy young men be
tween the' ages of 18 and 30, and upon an
equal number of healthy women of the j
same sges. - ■ , ,;. • I
y-yy. yyy-
Paul Westerfeld.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Miller have sent
out cards for the marriage of their daugh
ter. Miss Bertha Miller, to Rowin S. Burt, !
to take place Wednesday, March 22, at 9
o'clock p. m., at their residence, Fourth \
street, between Ivy and Hazel, Chico, Cal. ,
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Blen have issued
invitations for the marriage of their
daughter. Miss Lillian Bien, to Simon
Bley of Hermosillo. Mexico. The wedding
will take place March 21 at their resi- i
I dence, 'l_l3'/_ Devlsadero street.
The third monthly dance of the Deux j
; Temps will be held at Golden Gate Hall, i
C 25 Sutter street, March 23.
\ Alfarata Council No. 10, D. of P., will
give an invitation house warming in Lau
rel Hall, Shiels building, 32 OFarrell
street, Friday evening, March 31.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Davis announce
the engagement of their daughter, _._is_
Millie Davis, to J. Epstein. At home to- i
day from 2 to 5 p. m., at 744 Folsom street.
Mrs. A. Wiener of 1423 Golden Gate aye-
I nue will be at home to her friends on '
! Satuiday, March IS, from 2 to 5 p. m.,
i in honor of the marriage of her daughter, \
Alice.
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Giannini and their
little son, Mario, left the city Monday
evening for an extended tour through '
Southern California. It is their intention
to visit Santa Barbara, Santa Monica, '
Los Angeles, Catalina and Coronado.
Miss May McLean, a graduate of the \
University of California, is doing gradu
ate werk in English at Yale University. .
Mrs. E. McLaughlin has returned to 133
Page street, where she will be pleased to
see her friends.
S. Bare has returned from the East.
Men. 1 Women.
Muscles of Insplr- Muscles of Inspir
ation _ ation 4
Muscles of Explr- Muscles of Expir
ation 2.6' ation 1.4
Neck Anterior 35 Neck Anterior 19
Hand Extensors... 54 'Hand Extensors... 29
Neck Posterior 75 Neck Posterior.... 37
Arm Flexors 120 Arm Flexors 48
Neck Lateral 126 Arm Extensors 53
Arm Extensors 127 Forearm Prona-
Forearm Prona- j tors 57
tors 134 .Forearm Suptna-
Trunk Anterior.... 139 ! tors 57
Deltoid 140 ! Neck Lateral 69
Forearm Suplna- Deltoid 71
tors 143 Trunk Anterior... 73
Foot Flexors 145 Inspiration (waist) 79
Shoulder Retract- ! Inspiration (chest) 85
ors 160 Foot Flexors 89
Inspiration (waist) 172 Shoulder Retract-
Latlesimus Dorsl.. 185 I rs 95
Inspiration (chest) 190 JLatissimus Dorsl.. 99
Leg Flexors 200 'Pectoral 102
Thigh Abductors.. 206 'Leg Flexors 116
Pectoral 209 Leg Extensors.... 123
Thigh Adductors.. 277 Hand Flexors 125
Leg Extensors 237 Thigh Abductors.. 135
Hand Flexors 219 rhish Adductors.. 142
Trunk Lateral 287 Trunk Lateral 154
Thigh Flexors 303 Chest 166
Thigh Extensors.. 330 Trunk Posterior... 173
Chest 365 IThigh Extensors.. 174
Trunk Posterior... 380 IThigh Flexors 179
Font Extensors 614 .Left Arm 363
Left Arm 751 Foot Extensors 364
Right Arm......... 770 'Right Arm..*;...... 373
Trunk 10 _2_v .Trunk ;*."..... 516
Right Leg 1131 'Left Leg <5*"9
Left Leg 1131 (Right Leg 663
Chest and Trunk. 1407 Chest and Trunk.. 652
Roth Arms 1521 Both Arms "36
Both Legs 2262 Both Legs 1322
Entire Body 5190 [Entire Body 2740
It will be seen 'at a glance that the dif
ference is very marked. It is the pecu
liarity of these differentiations that are
more than Interesting. You will notice
that the hand flexors In men have just
twice the strength of the arm flexors,
while in women the hand flexors are near
ly three times as strong as those of the
arm. y *n ■'-.
It is only in some few muscles, how
ever, that woman is, comparatively,
stronger than man. Altogether, man is
two and a half times stronger than
woman. The reason for the greater weak
ness in certain muscles in woman is very
manifest. Women engage less In the la
borious employments which call into play
all the muscles of the body.
That woman is stronger in the legs Is
due. no doubt, to their being of necessity
more used than any of the other muscles.
The legs of women being shorter than
in men accounts in part for the greater
strength of the thigh flexors.
The same rule will hold good for the
thigh abductors and adductors, -which are
relatively the strongest muscles possessed
by women, the muscles that are relatively
weakest in woman being in the arm.
Perhaps the most interesting point to
be traced out of the table given is that the
strength of the average woman, in com
parison with her weight, is less than two
thirds that of the average man, and the
strength of the average woman In com
parison with her height is only four-sev
enths that of the average man.
The total strength of the average wom
an, as compared with the total strength
of the average man, Is .53.
The same as to weight is .86.
The same as to height Is .92.
It Is Interesting to note that the
strength of each division of the body is
more than sufficient to lift the entire
body. Even the smallest total found
that for the chest in woman— is able to
life one and one-quarter times the weight
of the body.
Thus the inferiority of woman to man
only in a mere matter of muscles and
strength, remember— has been conclusive
ly shown, < And so long as she remains
this frail, dependent creature, man will
rejoice to take l^r to his bosom to be the
dear partner of his joys and superior
strength.— Magazine.
Surgical Freak.
They sawed off his arms and his legs,
They took out his jugular vein: .
They put fancy frills on his lungs,
And they deftly extracted his brain. .
'Twas a triumph of surgical skill
Such as was never heard of till then;
'Twas the subject of lectures before
. Conventions of medical men.
--• The news of this wonderful thing
Wan heralded far and wide:
But as for lhe patient, there's nothing to
Excepting, of course, that he died.
Excepting, o _ puWlc Health Journal.
Battle of Wits.
■"Discovered again," said the married
man in a disgusted way the next morn
ing. "Let's imbibe."
"What's the trouble, ; old man?
asked the rounder. Let . s -. __. ttv
"Well, you know my wife a pretty
smart woman and doesn't hesitate to
announce her half interest in an>
money she finds in my pockets. She
says the proper place for mo " £i „!£
the bank, and if I draw it out for my
i little necessities what's left Is hers.
"I fooled her a long time by carrying
;my money in my hatband. Good safe
i place, you know, but one daywhen I
wore mv fedora she gave my old derby
to the ashman, with two twenties in
| the hand. Tough, wasn't it? Let s Im
bibe,"
"Let's," said the rounder.
"Well, I never did get that hat again.
i The ashman put it up for a drink and
the barkeeper _<__ld it for 25 cents to the
j bootblack and the bootblack traded it
for another hat that would fit him in a
second-hand store, and the proprietor
sold it to some unknown man. 'Now,
what do you think of that? I suppose
some tramp has it now, with two nice
twenties folded up in the band. Let's
imbibe."
"Let's," said the rounder.
"Of course, I had to tell my wife why
I was* so anxious to get that hat back
and she said it served me just right.
I was pretty humble then, and reg
'< ularly took half of the money from my
pockets without a protest from yours
truly.
"Then some tailor, 'a married man, no
doubt, began to put those secret pock
ets behind the flaps in coats, and once
' more I was master of mv household
and could wake up in the morning
with the knowledge that I had more
I than 30 cents left in that little secret
' pocket. My wife stood it quietly for
I some time, but she's a smart woman
! and was only thinking.
"One day she said she as going
downtown with me, as she wanted to
make some purchases. She was just as
sweet as peaches that morning and got
up so stunning I was glad to have her
go. We boarded a Broadway car, and
as it was crowded I had to stand up.
; but a rakish-looking, young .fellow -
quickly trave her his seat.
" 'Fares!' the conductor bawled, and
I beean to fumble for some change, but
she had taken every penny except the
roll In that secret pocket, and I didn't
I dare get at it, because I felt her clear,
....
cold eyes on me. She opened her purs'.
and gave the conductor a nickel for her
fare. What do you think of that for
nerve? Let's imbibe."
"Let's," said the rounder.
"'Fare! Fare, sir!' the conductor
said, tapping me on the shoulder, while
some young girls began to titter. 'Bet
tie,' I said, "give him a nickel for me.'
" 'Sir!' she said, giving me a cold
stare; 'I don't know you and ray name
Isn't Bettie.'
"Well you could have • knocked me
down with a feather. The girls laugh
ed, the rakish-looking young fellow
who had given his seat to my wife
moved up closer and -ive me an ugly
look, and the conductor rang the bell
to stop the car and put me off. If I had
had a grain of sense I would have got
off and preserved the secret of that
pocket. But I was sort o' dazed, and
pulled a roll out of the little pocket
right before her eyes and humbly paid
my fare." — York Press. ;7;*va
jKrougK Gupid's Qlasses*
The gowans tilt their heads to peep
When Helen passes— yyy
To catch her e'e the birdies cheep -. I
Among the grasses;
The glaikit bee, when she draws near. .
Forgets his clover, ••_: f
And hums a tune for Helen's ear, , •*«
The sonsie rover! .i-,t ..Mr
The sun aboon nae langer hies
In dour repining,
He's caught her smile and garred the
skies
A' bright and shining,
Ellen Burns Sherman in the Critic.
"You Americans," said the Scotchman,
"suffer from an itch for notoriety."
"An itch for notoriety," responded the
American, with spirit, "is better than a
notoriety for—"
But at that point they clinched.—
apolis Journal. >^V..- '-,'.*,
In Oxfordshire there are two parishes,
each of which comprises only two houses
and a church, one containing seven and
the other eight Inhabitants. ,*.*,/,
When a boy begins to wash his neck
without being told it is a sign that he is
passing into the ordeal of his first love
affair.
<S>«>3><S>.<_><_>_><_><B>.><s> _><*><_><_>♦<*<$><_>
<5> . ' .♦
.** The Sunday Call, 32 ♦
1 pages, delivered at your *
<$> home by mail for _»__ 50 <$>
* a year. Subscribe for it. *
_> <$,
«> <$><$><*» <S><S><_> ♦ •<_> ♦<-><_><S><S>4><S><S><_>^
She .(after the honeymoon)— I' ye often
wondered, dear, what you ever saw in
me to cause you to make me your wife
He— That's a strange coincidence Do
you know. I've asked myself that auc
tion a hundred times since we've been
married.— Chicago News.____ — _HERE are all the detailed descrip
tions of opera gowns given else
where that even the most exact
! ing could demand. But here are
£-> a few generalities that can be re
duced from fashion as seen thus
far at the opera.
Black and white are the most effective
shades. Why? Because they stand out
well if cut decollete. If not. they are
taboo. For only when snowy throat and
shoulders rise out of billowy masses of
black or white are they pretty. if you
wear a high-necked gown choose a color,
but choose wisely and think twice.
.. : ; For a gown of brilliant hue may turn
-garish when next to a shade that does
'Hot' harmonize. Or a delicate shell-like
tint may fade into insignificance when
subjected to unkind contrast with a
neighboring hue.
Remember that colors are usually at
daggers' ends with each other and choose
a shade that Is capable of holding its own
against all comers. If we could select
for our next neighbor at the opera what
they shall wear, then we could give our
own color fancy full play. But unfor
tunately it is not until too late that we
flijd a pink gown next to our own pink,
each of which kills the other.
So If you go to the opera In decollete,
go In black or white varied by spangles
or what not. » If fate has not been kind
enough to permit of this sort of gown,
then work out your own salvation,
Choose a shade that can be depended
upon— neither to deepen Into extravagant
gorishness nor pale to sickly hue.
• Skirts of course were all made sheath
like, the polonaise or draped skirt upper
most In popularity. Th.- flowered skirt
is extinct, killed by its own unbecoming
ness. The skirts were trimmed with lace,
flowers or. ribbon: many of them, how
ever, having overskirts made entirely of
lace. The bodices are extremely simple,
fitting closely in graceful, soft folds.
Several gowns In princess effects were
worn, but evidently they are not as pop
ular here as elsewhere.
The popularity of spangled trimming
was evident. Nine gowns out of ten
gleamed and glittered with fine-cut span
gles, and whatever effect they may give
Individually, it cannot be denied that col
lectively bespangled femininity is very
good to look at. . •-
Opera cloaks came out from their tissue
coverings and In all their chiffon softness
or ermine whiteness proved that they
we're worthy of shaking off their wrap
pings. All the new ones were after the
-manner of those I have described.
* » *
:'e=TF=-HE Lenten church girl makes a par-
I licularlv pretty picture this year.
"•■.'-■" 1 One demure damsel who goes reg
'-ii - llarly every afternoon ls a sym
NEW IDEAS IN OPERA GOWNS
THAT San Francisco women know
how to dress is an established fact
after the opening night of the Ellis
Opera Company. Even Melba was
charmed with the beautiful gowns worn
by San Francisco's three thousand, and to
-how her appreciation she Immediately
hied herself to one of the fashionable
downtown modiste's establishments to
have a gown made for herself. Instead
Of sending abroad. San Francisco women
tnay well be satisfied with home creations,
fe)V the most striking and lovely gowns
were made right here by our own dress
makers. _ .
• -Undoubtedly three of the most stunning
gowns were worn during the week by
• Mrs Joseph Tobin, her tall and graceful
figure and splendid carriage lending an
additional charm.
The foundation of the gown worn on the
first night of the opera was heavy white
' satin. The skirt was made perfectly
■N. "tight-fitting over the hips and half way
•■•down where It flared out all around in
••' long, 'graceful lines and terminated ln a
' long train. -
The white satin skirt was covered with
* an overskirt of tulle trimmed with accor
.'* dion-pleated ruches. The bodice of white
satin was cut decollete and filled in with
."*"' soft ruchings of white tulle. She wore
". long white gloves and no sleeves.
'.': -Vnother beautiful gown worn by Mrs.
I Tobin was made of pineapple mousseline
de sole The skirt of mousseline was
perfectly tight, long, plain and flaring at
the bottom. The over drapery was of nar
row pink chiffon ruffles. The bodice was of
jnousseline. with shirred pink chiffon
forming a yoke. The 1™& ™ usqu t H /™
sleeve was made of the chiffon, with the
arm showing through Two graceful
chiffon flounces extending from the top
to the band finished the sleeve. ur-
The neck was finished with a high taf
.collar and the waist with a narraw
tfffeta belt Another white gown worn
by Airs Tobin was a magnificent affair of
J%f«SS
eo-^w^e^&n.^th the lovers;
17 over it in smaller designs. The
* qu £ ta l ,d belt was made of spangles.
S__r«^__»"3a , r s S
trimmed » n r , ".lh tieht-fitting skirt, per-
_ klr - 1 Iro^d the hips, with a de
1/ fllre alf around the lower part
Cl [ l<: 'X was a Pliqued in white tulle and
which ' AaB T-?;^ 1 { lodice1 odice was sleeveless and
E *_ an 5 le oii JJ^f tight Mitring and elegantly
„t decollete,- tlgnt»t trimming.
appliqued in the fer v f orn b y Mrs.
" "Mneinc and filled in rows with
; sssst s>^^E_»»K!Bas
bl^tlv - m ■ and on one shoulder
■■■_&■ ;-,/•■ smashing eerlse velvet rose.
Was worn a smasni^ mousquetaire
Seevls of the nit with the arm showing
* through. H. de Young wore a stunning
• " Mrs. M. black spangles and tulle. The
creation of black »P£*«£* madft entirely
bodice, cut very The neck was filled , n
of black KS of tulle and the
with black pudl ng- J- t u!le. Like all
P leeves were of span-gi e^tmii down the
this seasons bodies silk, with accor .
back *^i T i.td ruffles around the bottom to
dion-plcated rumca «x _ M entire v covered
give the PMg&ggfr. wa black * span gi e d
with _h^in a ?urn was trimmed with
tulle, which in tun f * Tho belt wa3
•_ flounces of c^P a S a 0 ne Her ornaments
we^-^mo^dsMnts-Sking contrast with,
1 1 Tobin wore a fetching
Shi 1 ?* —
-X er n^-Ikirt a deep flounce of turquoise
• * eWffo^SMonFes^fl^^attoe
. Upper edge with a SP**"^ band. Iho
bodice was cut low and inado perfectly
. ,- ; tlght-fltting, with a dainty _E?»f|f^ t c ""
fon drapery over the bust. The skirt was
'- -finished with a narrow »P^g\e6 .belt^
- Mrs J C Tubbs' gown of white moire
.';• .with flares In it was greatly ad
••: mired. The low-cut bodice was covered
with white lace studded In little gold
* spangles. The bodice was full and opened
down the front, which was filled l with
._'* little ruches of gauze ribbon. The belt
:°v. as narrow and gold spangled. The skirt
m was of the moire, with a panel effect in
* front formed of the gold-spangled lace.
While tight-fitting at the top it flared
,„" out in a graceful train at the back.
. . Mm Edson Adams, considered by some
Some of the Most Stunning Gowns at the Opera
phony in gray. Five shades of gray go
to make up this harmony. „„_,.
Five shades of gray seem a great many .
but first there is the pearl gray cloth of
which the gown is made The chic little
cape is of steel gray velvet. The cape
has broad lapels of braided velvet ln a
lovely dove color.  ■ . ■_._.—. „
When the cape flies open it displays a
vest of iron gray figured velvet Then
there is the hat of del.-ate aluminum
gray with soft shaded gray feathers.
And when the weather is cold she tucks
her band in a muff of deep silver fox.
Could a more charming combination or
gray be imagined.
• » *
THE high blouse is made of light
-olored silk, chiffon or sequlned net.
ft is worn for an informal afternoon
or for concert wear. Strong con
trasts are avoided in blouses, and to be
eminently smart they must never be worn
with a black skirt unless the blouse itself
is trimmed with black or combined with
black material. The prettiest blouses for
.wearing with black skirts are those of
net. patterned with steel beads and
black sequins. , „j--„_^
This type of blouse can be adorned
with empire knots of bright colored vel
vet, or with large trailing bows in which
jeweled brooches may be Placed. a
beautiful blouse is a combination of
cream white chiffon and while net. em
broidered with silver sequins, and the
empire knots of dahlia velvet with bright
paste buttons. These buttons are now
largely used on blouses and gowns.
• • •
Fringes have arrived, and women are
taking them into serious consideration in
ordering spring and summer gowns. The
revival is accompanied by a novelty. Ihe
novelty is that the new fringes look like
a new kind of silk lace. The threads are
king and loose and thickly crowded to
gether in the design. The soft crumpled
effect, however, is very telling, and will
trim most satisfactorily as well as
smartly. , _ •
JEWELED walking canes and wigs
are among the latest freaks of fash
lon to which English women are
giving themselves up. To see a
lady of fashion. walking in the est End
with a cane in her hand, according to a
London daily paper, is not a new sight,
but It seems to be a fashion which is be
coming a rather extravagant one, judg
ing from the richness of the cane heads,
some of which have been seen mcrusted
with jewels. The wearing of wigs Is also
creating a greater extravagance in head-
Coiffures are becoming more elaborate
and are lending themselves to greater
adornment with jewels and richly deco
rated combs. It is a craze for wavy hair
heedless of the effects of the use of hot
tongs, which has caused such a havoc
among women's hair that hair dressers
have been forced to create wigs for their
lady customers, ladies taking very kindly
to the new idea, for much time is saved.
They can delight in all the picturesque
effects of an elaborate headdress without
sitting for hours under the hands of the
hairdresser, for wigs, dressed on blocks,
are afterward placed on their heads.
• • •
Flowers are high in favor, set in great
bunches with their foliage on one side of
the toque, and as the spring advances we
shall see more and more of the flower
toques. Toques made entirely of violets,
which in France go by the name of Nice
hats, will again appeal to an almost cer
tain favor, for they are most becoming.
Some of the new hats are very coquettish
and some are extravagant in shape. How
ever, I am preparing to give you. when
the time is ripe, a full and eloouent dis
course as to what is to be and what is
not to be in the world of millinery,
mousseline with black tulle shirred over
it The sleeves were made ln the same
manner, giving a most beautiful effect.
as the handsomest woman at the opera
on Monday evening, wore a pale green
taffeta gown. The low-cut bodice was
covered completely with ruches of tulle,
edged with narrow green baby ribbon and
finished around the waist with a narrow
velvet belt in the new apple green shade.
The skirt was plain and tight-fitting,
with a deep quilling of tulle edged with
green ribbon around the bottom.
Miss Gertrude Carroll was most be
comingly gowned in a pink tulle, and, as
an admiring man remarked, she looked
like a fluffy duchesse rose. The gown was
made very clinging down to Just below
the knees, when it flared out all around
and terminated in a demi-train. The skirt
of chenille dotted tulle was covered with
flower designs made of pink moire ribbon,
while the bottom was trimmed with three
graduating ruffles of accordion-pleated
mousseline, short in front and extending
half way up the back. These ruffles gave
the skirt an extremely full flare all
around the bottom and the effect was
beautiful. The bodice was cut low and
was draped in effect with a bertha made
of an applique flower design on the
mousseline. A narrow belt of the same
finished the waist.
One of the most elaborate gowns was
worn by Miss Grace Hecht. It was made
of princess mousseline over white taffeta.
In the mousseline were woven pink moss
rosebuds, shading from a dark to a light
nink and form large clusters to extreme
ly small ones. The skirt was further or
namented with a handsome applique,
which was put In to give a panel effect.
The gown was severely princesse. and
with her beautiful figure was exceedingly
striking.
Mrs. T. W. Woodford wore a beautiful
creation of pervanch bengallne. The skirt,
one of the new flaring skirts, wag deco
rated with an embroidery of silver begin
ning at the top of the skirt on one side
of the front and extending down to the
bottom and finishing the skirt all around.
The bodice of the blue was embroidered
in the new honiton braid and silver. The
hack was cut in a pointed effect, with the
point extending upward, a decidedly new
effect, and in front the bodice closed to
the left in a flower effect. A beautiful
gamp of mousseline embroidered in silver
finished the bodice. The sleeves, made of
mousseline. were long and clinging.
Mrs. C. F. A. Talbot wore a pink and
green brocade gown. The waist was low
and was entirely covered with Jeweled
lace in the opal tints. The gamp and
sleeves were of shirred mull. The skirt
was perfectly plain and tight fitting, show
ing to advantage the handsome pattern of
the brocade.
Mrs. "William Whittier wore a ravishing
gown of nale blue satin embroidered In
silver spangles and rhinestones. The
small spangles— flimilie, as the French call
them were worked Into beautiful flower
designs over the skirt and bodice. The
skirt was finished with embroidery of
slmilie to form long narrow panniers,
while around the bottom was a ruche of
deep blue mousseline finished with rhlne
stone embroidery. The Jeweled bodice was
cut low and off the shoulders and was
finished with a narrow spangled belt.
Mrs. .J. Downey Harvey wore a cream
white gown of the beautiful new material
called mousseline princesse. The founda
tion skirt of taffeta was finished with a
flounce of the same, and the over drapery
of mousseline princesse was finished with
two wide flounces, accordion pleated, of
the same, over which hung a flounce of
real lace spangled In mother of pe>arl. The
high-necked waist was tight fitting.the
-eal lace forming a bodice edged with
mousseline puffs. The sleeves were of the
shirred mousseline, showing the arm
through.
Mrs Gordon Blanding wore an elegant
white' and black costume. The skirt was
of black satin, tight fitting around the
hlns with the new flare below. The bod-
Ice was of white satin covered with ac
cordion pleated mousseline de princesse.
over which was a blouse of black spangled
lacy net made of white guipure and steel
beads. The sleeves and collar were of
white satin.
Mrs Irvine wore a handsome brocade
appHqued over gray chiffon with a ber
tha formed of soangled white tulle and
an embroidered Medici collar. The skirt
was a handsome plain one of the brocade.
The sleeves were tight-fitting and ended
In a flare over the hands. With this ele
gant costume were worn coral ornaments.
Mme. Blllonl-Zifferer appeared In two
beautiful gowns during the opera. One,
of violet brocade, was made with the skirt
embroidered In designs of very narrow
baby ribbon and applique lace. The bot
tom of the skirt was finished with a triple
ruffle of mousseline edged with baby rib
bon. The low-cut bodice was trimmed in
the same chic manner.
Another gown worn by Mme. Zlfferer
was of black tulle. The overskirt of tulle
was trimmed In several wide accordion
pleated flounces of the . same material,
while the front formed a panel upon
which were little ruches made ln lovers'
knot designs. The low-cut bodice was
filled In with a handsome gamp of white
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI_I_, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
Miss Ethel Keeney wore a beautiful
white figured chiffon. The bodice was cut
low and was draped In graceful folds of
the chiffon. The skirt was flowing and
trimmed in chiffon flounces. , •
Miss Leontine Blakeman wore a decol
lete gown in white and silver made per
fectly plain and tight-fitting, giving a
prince effect- Or. one shoulder she wore
a bunch of red roses.
Mrs. Harry Miller of Oakland wore a
handsome black chiffon gown made with
full skirt and draped bodice, showing the
exquisite lines of her figure. On one side
of the front and upon the shoulder she
wore bunches of velvet violets. Long
black gloves and a black ostrich feather
fan completed her stunning toilet.
Mrs. C. R. Splivalo of Belmont wore a
handsome pink satin gown. The skirt
was decorated with a wide real lace
flounce finished at the top with -fli occa
sional rosette of pink satin ribbon. The
waist was tight-fitting appllqued in white
lace with pearl passementerie. The sleeve
was a draped sleeve of the pink with in
sertions of pearl applique. Her orna
ments were corals and diamonds.
Miss Spllvalo's gown was after a Dou
cet model. The body of the gown was a
deep turquoise shade of satin. The skirt
consisted of a white taffeta foundation
covered with small white mousseline ruf
fles. An overskirt cut in the shape of a
point In front of the blue satin and end
ing in a long narrow point in the back
made a chic finish. The bodice was one
fluff of mousseline de soie and it was fin
ished around the neck with a pearl lace
applique. With this beautiful costume
Miss Splivalo wore a necklace of pearls
and a pearl sunburst.
Mrs. Charles Read of Salt Lake City
wore a New York gown of pale gray ben
galine. The skirt consisted of a benga
line skirt finished at the bottom with a
gray accordion pleated flounce, and the
over drapery was an elegantly embrold
These two gowns are typical of those^ worn - hy g^gfiZJ* the Grand Opera. or w hi t^ gowns stand
£ma££VSZs& t^t SSL^K-e S?c^SSt^rt O St\S n^-&or shade does not enhance Its beauty, at least
it does not mar it. .
Creams and powder for the Complexion
_-_._ - _*._._-,«. «- *__ ♦v... K_.T.ofit of all those wno are tnteresiea ___ mc b_i__i__ uj. v____-<-_-v_. «___. -__.» _»j>
<•_» _?££?_-S_? I_s on. d -ir« ££__-- on ___. of ..-J..,- th. _-e.tion. will *.. ._-_
--giene or proper "™g. Xi * write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
Z 7 »™ZS l --_S___«i. to _» -4^ Th. sunda, CaU, San _*___.._
T'S a fortunate thing that these are
the days of comparative Idleness, for
what with keeping one's nose proper
ly powdered and one's hair In .curl
ii there hasn't been much time for any
thing else. The moist weather of the
past week has straightened out the most
beautifully curled tresses with a persist
ency that was positively heartrending.
But don't you care, girls! Think of the
crops and the "bodful" Easter bonnets
that lt will probably mean to you.
Speaking of Easter bonnets reminds me.
Now is the time of all the year when you
should coddle your complexions. Unless
you see to It that the skin Is well nour
ished, carefully powdered and shielded
from the March breezes by a serviceable
chiffon veil, you will find the gorgeous
beauty of that Easter head adornment
most horribly embarrassed by a red lit
tle nose and weather-beaten cheeks.
These March winds sometimes develop
Into a raging, roaring tempest that can
create havoc both dire and dreadful to a
delicate skin. , . . „7_,.;_
So look out for them and put Income
of your spare moments during this bless
ed Lenten time that are not devoted to
sewing bees or afternoon service to fluff
ing up some good cold creams and washes
for the complexion, so that you may be
able to Join in the Easter dress parade
with the happy consciousness that the
splendor of your toilet is not dimmed by
an utterly impossible complexion.
First of all you must have a good, pure
cold cream. If you do not happen to
have this already, here is a formula for
one that Is excellent, not only for soft
ening the skin, but for whitening it as
well It has not been given before, and
as cucumbers are now in market, you
will not have any difficulty In prepar
ing it. yyyyyvy
Cucumber Cold Cream.
Almond oil, 1 ounce.
Green oil, 1 ounce. ' ;• I
White wax, 1 ounce.
Spermaceti. 1 ounce.
Juice of cucumber, 2 ounces. • ; r
Essence of cucumber, 2 ounces.
Prepare in the same way that . you
would '. any cold cream, directions for
which have been given many times in
this department. The Juice must be ex
tracted from the cucumbers, placed in a
porcelain kettle on top of the stove and
boiled for one minute, then strained. The
essence you can make yourself by taking
one and one-half ounces of alcohol and
one and one-half ounces of the boiled cu
cumber Juice. 7 ;.
If you do* not happen to have a face
powder that you are perfectly sure . of,
make one after the following formula:
pace Powder.
One ounce Lubin's rice powder
ered chiffon in lavender and gray. The
upper portion of the gown was in pan
nier effect formed by wide bands of gray
velvet ribbon The decollete bodice
was made of the gray bengallne and
trimmed with dainty, chiffon ruchings. On
one shoulder she wore an American
beauty rose. In her hair she wore a gray
taffeta lovers' knot ornamented with but
terflies. * •
Miss Clara Heyman,wore a Parisian
gown of pink silk, over which was ap
pllqued Battenburg lace. The skirt was
made with chiffon flowers over the .-ilk
finishing with the Battenburg applique.
Mme. Holton wore a' figured grenadine
over a foundation skirt of gray silk.
The grenadine was in black and white
with apple green figures running through
it. The overskirt was trimmed at inter
vals with narrow ruffles of black and
white Chantilly lace, and a sash was
formed of the lace, which hung down in
two long ends over the train. The other
decoration was long clusters of green
chiffon roses hanging frojji their stems
in graceful bunches. The bodice was
trimmed in the same manner with chif
fon puffs running around it in serpen
tine effect. The neck was finished with
a bunch of green chiffon roses on one
shoulder. A turquoise blue velvet belt
and long mousquetalre sleeves with the
lace falling over completed this beautiful
gown.
Miss Gertie Mcc wore a Cyrano pink
mousseline princesse of a Renaissance
pattern. The skirt was a yoke skirt, the
lower part being formed of Cyrano chif
fon accordion pleated edged with rose
petals. The yoke part of the skirt was
made of silver spangled tulle. The bodice
was cut low and finished with the Cy
rano rose petals and silver spangles. The
opera cloaks worn were by far the hand
somest ever seen in San Francisco.
Miss Lillian Spreckels wore a gown of
gray cloth In the popular three-quarter
TWo of the Opera QoWns.
By Mrrje. Hygela.
One ounce best, purest oxide of zinc.
One-half ounce, carbonate of magnesia,
finely powdered.
Twenty grains boracic acid.
Two drops attar of rose.
Have each one of the Ingredients sep
arately powdered in a mortar before pur
chasing. Put your rice powder through a
fine sieve and then through bolting cloth.
Do the same thing with the oxide of zinc,
the magnesia and the boracic acid before
adding them to the rice powder. When
all are combined put twice through bolt
ing cloth. After each sifting throw away
any particles that remain. Add the attar
of rose last. .
If you wish to apply a lotion to the face
before powdering that will cause the pow
der to go on more smoothly use this:
Gum tragacanth, whole. 30 grains.
Rosewater, 7 ounces.
Glycerine, one-half ounce.
Alcohol, one-half 'ounce. .
Let the tragacanth soak ln the rose
water for a day or two and strain forci
bly through muslin or cheesecloth. Then
add the glycerine and alcohol which have
been previously mixed, shake well and
perfume to suit.
Now I have given you a trio of delight
ful toilet preparations. Almost any sort
of a complexion will pick up hope under
their use. which of course must be com
bined with the three great rules of beauty
— diet, bathing and exercise.
• ' » •
Right here I shall have to call a halt on
the requests of correspondents for replies
by mail. I positively cannot send these,
unless It Is to give an address or other
information that cannot be printed In the
paper. Please remember this, my news
paper friends, and do not ask for private
replies where a published one will do.
• * * ■'. • ;.-:, r * "
Answers to Correspondents.
CYTHEREA— I think all that your skin
needs is systematic massage with the
skin food. Here is the formula: Sperma
ceti, one-half ounce; white wax, one-half
ounce: sweet almond oil, one ounce; lano
llne, one ounce; coeoanut oil, one ounce;
tincture of benzoin, ten drops; orange-,
flower ] water, one ounce. • Melt the ; first
five Ingredients in a porcelain kettle.
Take from 'the fire and add the benzoin
and orangeflower water, beating with an
egg beater until cold. In massaging the
little lines about the eyes rub away from,
the nose, using a i circular upward and
outward motion. It is very difficult to
describe the movements In writing. Real
ly, the best way to learn Is to go to a
competent masseuse, let her give . you . a
treatment or 'two, notice Just how ..he
does it and then go and do ..likewise..!
Don't mind the little wrinkles that come
when you laugh. Nearly every one has
them and, besides, they're Jolly little
length. The cloth was ; trimmed with
rows and rows of fluffy chiffon ruffles
and was lined with' white satin. The
high, flaring collar was filled in with
shirred white chiffon. *
Miss Gertrude Buckley wore a stunning
cloak of Marie Louise velvet trimmed
with ruffles of chiffon. in light and dark
shades of blue. It was finished with a
flaring collar lined with ruchings of blue
chiffon. •. .
Miss Mee's opera cloak was of black
velvet, elegantly trimmed In Cyrano chif
fon and lined with pink satin. Large
bunches of roses finished the neck in
front and in the back, peeping from be
neath a pointed Medici collar, filled In
with white chiffon. . _
Mrs. Joe Tobin's opera cloak was of
white brocade satin, very long and sweep
ing, finishing in, front with a rhinestone
buckle and clasp. The collar was formed
of an entire white fox. *"___**
Mrs. C. N. Walters wore a long white
velvet cape, narrow in effect, with an
arabesque border of gold and white satin.
The neck was finished with a white fox.
Miss Norma Bachman wore a beauti
ful cape of velvet duchesse mousseline;
the entire cape made of accordion pleated
ruffles. The collar was lined with white
chiffon, with bow in front and the ends
hanging to the bottom of the skirt.
Mrs. Clarence Mann wore a handsome
opera cape of white silk embroidered in
gold. The cape was finished with a
rounded flaring ruffle trimmed in pleated
chiffon. The collar was a flaring pointed
collar embroidered in gold and lined with
chiffon. The entire cape was lined with
yellow satin.
Mrs. T. D. Ferguson wore an opera
cloak of a California poppy shade of bro
cade lined with satin of the same shade
and edged with Persian lamb. The cape
was long in the back and rounded off to
ward the front. The collar and reveres
were of ermine.
wrinkles. For the two lines on the nose
massage also, rubbing always across the
lines. Try witchhazel on the red spot on
nose. I can tell you of no cure for the
red veins. As they are out of sl^ht, 1
shouldn't worry about them. The bream
ing exercises and swinging Indian clubs,
will do more for the hollows ln the shoul
ders than anything else.
C. W.— the coarse pores ln your
case 1 should advise a nightly scrubbing
with a complexion brush and castile soap,
followed by massage with the orange
flower skin food. Then in ' the morning
bathe the face with a lotion composed of
three ounces of rosewater and one table
spoonful simple tincture of benzoin.
A. B. C— you will soak one-half
pound of oatmeal In one quart of warm
water over night, then strain and add one
tablespoonful of lemon juice and one tea
spoonful each of olive oil, rosewater,
cologne, glycerine and diluted ammonia
and rub into the skin of the hands three
times a day, it will, I am sure, improve
their condition. The only way to reduce
the fleshy parts Is to massage, picking up
the flesh between the thumb and fingers
and rolling and pinching it as much as
you can without bruising the flesh. The
simplest lotion for removing freckles is
made by dissolving fifteen grains of
borax In one ounce of lemon juice. Ap
ply to the face at night after washing.
Let it dry on the skin and then apply a
good cold cream. There Is no way of
removing freckles permanently except by
keeping out of the sun and wind.
MARGARET MAITLAND— The essen
tial properties of the two waters are
about the same. So, If you prefer using
rosewater in the astringent wash, do so
by all means.
SWEET SWEETPEA— the face Is
too red for comfort it can be remedied
by active pedestrlanlsm, a well-ventilated
bedroom, no tight bands or corsets and
a diet of ripe pears, oranges and figs.
Put the hands and feet ln hot mustard
water every night. Avoid hot drinks, eat
very slowly and be out In the open air
as much as possible. The exercise of
standing with the, heels close together,
bending over and trying to touch the floor
with the tips of the Angers, if repeated
a * number of times each morning, will
often prove -of wonderful benefit in re
ducing large hips. Try IV. Sage tea. If
used quite strong, will sometimes darken
light hair. -I cannot tell you of anything
else for, that .purpose, save a dye,* of
which I do not approve.
SUNSHINE H. P.— not brush the
hair vigorously while it Is undergoing the
process of shedding Itself, and ' wear that
switch ;as little as possible. Cannot you
discard lt entirely? Wearing . a switch'
heats the scalp and Is , really detrimental
to the growth of the hair. Let your hair
hang and give it a sun bath as often as
you can. And use this tonic: Four
ounces eau de cologne; one-half ounce
tincture of cantharldes; one-fourth dram
each of oil of lavender and oil of rose
mary. 'Apply to the roots or the hair
once or twice a day with a small sponge.
While using this tonic shampoo once a
week with the liquid soap, formula for
' which has been given many times in
- these columns.
NO. 4711, G.— Blonde hair should always
be washed with the yolk of an egg, as
: that will make It keep its golden tint*.
Mixing the egg with a pinch of borax
and a pint of warm water Is a good plan.
I should not advise you to use very much
alcohol on your hair. It is apt to make
it harsh and dry. *
ZAZA— If the growth of hair on your
face Is too abundant to be removed by
the electric needle, why not try bleach
ing out the hairs with peroxide of hydro
gen. To three tablespoonfuls of the per
oxide add one teaspoonful of ammonia.
Apply twice a day the first week and
then not quite so frequently. The per
oxide will bleach the hairs and make
them less noticeable, and the ammonia
will finally deaden the little pests. If
this treatment is not efficacious, write to
me again and I will suggest something
else.
MARIE— Am very glad that you are so
pleased with this department. I really
enjoy it myself, which is perhaps the rea
son why so many of my correspondents
also find pleasure in It. The gum tra-.a
canth lotion given in to-day's Beauty
Talk will help your hands. It is particu
larly nice for the hands, as it is quickly
absorbed by the skin and will not soil
delicate fabrics. Treatment suggested
to Sweet Sweetpea Is excellent for any
one afflicted with a red nose. Also apply
witchhazel, followed by an application of
cold cream. There Is really nothing, bet
*«r to remove tan than milk in which a
' ttle borax has been dissolved. A pinch
• ' borax to half a cupful of sweet milk
-! the proper proportion. Ido not think
**.c milk will fatten the face any. Cocoa
liter, unless mixed with other lngredi
ts, will sometimes coax the little hairs
o sprout.
MISS JENNIE DELL— Last Sunday's
Beauty Talk treated of the particular af.
iliction which is making your life miser
able. Of course you saw it.
MISS D. PATIENCE— Your complexion
Is not in a healthy condition or It would
not be so dry and peel off in that dis
tressing way. Better not use any soap
on your face for awhile, since it will only
help to remove the small quantity of oil
there is in the cuticle. In fact, until your
skin gets into better shape I would ad
vise you to use very little water on it.
Cleanse it thoroughly each night with
the orange flower skin food, formula for
which is given in foregoing reply to
Cytherea.' if this does not help you write
to me again.
DOTTIE D.-An occasional steaming of
the face— say once in two weeks — do
the skin no harm.- Full directions were
given for steaming in last Sunday's Beau
ty Talk. The alum wash is to be used
only when the skin is very flabby. . A
piece of alum the size of a bean in a pint
of water Is sufficient. Massage with the
orange flower skin food will plumpen the
face. Directions for massaging the little
wrinkles around the eyes will be found In
foregoing letter to Cytherea. I really
fear that I cannot help you with the gray
SCHEMES FOR MAKING MONEY
EVERY day some woman Is trying
some new avenue toward the ac
cumulation of a bank account, or at
least a little extra pin money.
A French woman, who has a most ar
tistic little home, found herself with more
time on her hands than she knew what to
do with. All of her friends admired the
artistic arrangement of her home, and
one day one of them asked If she would
object to, going over to the friend's home
and rearranging the furniture, for every
thing looked so stiff, altnough she had
plenty of pretty things.
Such a success was made by the young
French woman that she concluded It
would not be a bad idea to see what she
could do for strangers in this way and
make a little extra money. She adver
tised to do dusting and artistic arrange
ment "by the hour." She had several an
swers, and her customers were so pleased
that they recommended her to their
friends, until now she has all she can do.
Another young woman of refinement
does mending, reading, writing and shop
ping by the hour for an invalid, and finds
herself most genially employed. Persons
who do not care to employ a companion
constantly find this a pleasant plan. This
young woman finds she can serve three or
four customers every day and still have
her evenings at her disposal. She is free
to come and go. and the change of em
ployers she finds most Interesting.
Another young woman, thoroughly in
structed in the art of china painting,
finding that it had grown old fashioned,
discovered a new way in which to apply
her art. She makes a business of replac
ing broken pieces in fine sets of china. All
she needs is one of the other pieces, and
she can match it so that no one can tell
the difference between the fine Imported
china and the hand-painted copy unless
his attention Is especially called to It.
Still another young woman has found a
way to fill the slender purse without leav
ing her own home. She was left an or
phan, but with a houseful of furniture.
She managed to fill up the bedrooms with
"roomers." but still she found the rent a
burden. She had three large parlors run
ning the full extent of the house, with
archways and folding doors, so that the
first floor could be thrown together. These
were handsomely furnished, but she never
entertained, and she conceived the Idea of
allowing other people to entertain In her
parlors. .'•..' _
Her friends were told of her plan, and
they were only too glad to avail them
selves of the opportunity. She now has
to figure pretty closely to arrange for all
the card parties, club meetings, dancing
classes and afternoon teas which demand
the use of her pretty rooms. She has a
small dais ln the back parlor for the use
of a lecturer or for amateur theatricals,
while the orchestra for dances Is stationed
in the large hall.
This young woman soon found - that
everybody demanded refreshment of some
kind, and so she added catering to her
other business, and now serves anything
from tea and wafers to a full course din
ner. Persons who live In small apart
ments, poorly arranged houses or hotels
find this a most convenient arrangement,
for they escape all the trouble of get
ting ready for company and the disagree
able task of "cleaning up" afterward.
WOMEN once had a limited num
ber of ways of turning an hon
est penny, and there their op
portunities ended. There were
sewing, teaching, domestic ser
vice—well, the list could be told
off on the fingers of one hand. To-day a
Brlareus with his hundred hands would
scarcely have fingers * enough to go
around. At the woman's exchanges It
seems as if some one is continually dis
covering a new path to a livelihood. Even
the managers, seasoned as they are by a
long experience in this line, are often
amazed at the Ingenious, and sometimes
Ingenuous, plans for capturing the dollar
which women once found so elusive.
One young woman has recently worked
up quite a business in exercising dogs.
She charges a fixed price per hour, has a
book in which she records her now nu
merous appointments, and, being 'an ex
cellent walker, she says that, aside from
the pleasing consciousness that they are
profitable, she really enjoys her prome
nades. A more recent applicant at one
►♦♦ v + + + > + ♦>.♦.♦♦♦♦♦♦
hair. There is nothing but a dye that
will make the white hairs the color of the
rest of your hair, and this I cannot rec
ommend. I have never heard of the rec
ipe you sent me. Sage tea and alcohol
is an excellent tonic, but the other in
gredient mentioned I never even heard of.
so cannot advise you. Liquid powders
are so seldom used in these days that I
haven't formula for one that I consider,
good. If you will send mo a stamped
addressed envelope I will send you the
name of a prepared liquid powder that is
as good as any I know of.
E. S. S.— The hair frequently falls be
cause the roots are not sufficiently nour
ished. A good way to invigorate the hair
roots is to gently massage the scalp with
the finger tips dipped in clear, lukewarm
water. This brings the blood to the sur
face and removes the particles of dead
skin. At night apply the following ..nic
to the scalp: Two drams tincture of
cantharides, six drams essence of rose
mary and eleven ounces elder-flower
water. Also wear your hat as little as
possible.
ROONEY R.— The Beauty Talk last
Sunday will, I feel certain, have given
you ail the information you desired. If
not, write to me again.
MARIAN— Try fifteen grams of borax
dissolved In one ounce of lemon juice for
those bothersome little freckles. Apply
directly after coming in out of the sun
and again at bedtime. Follow each ap
plication with a smearing of cold cream.
To darken the eyebrows, boll slowly an
ounce of walnut bark in a pint of water
for one hour. "Set" the dye by adding
a lump of alum the size of a hazel nut.
Keep this in a bottle and apply to the
eyebrows with a small camel's hair,
brush. Massage the- bony neck each
night with equal parts of lanollne. cocoa
butter and coeoanut oil melted together.
IRENE— Let me beg of you not to do
anything so foolish as to change the color
of your hair. You are sure to regret It
if you do, for as the hair grows out the
natural color the roots will have to be
touched up and you will find it the great
est nuisance imaginable. The sample
you sent me is a very rich, pretty color,
and probably harmonizes with your skin
and eyes better than would an artificial
color. Now please don't vote Mme. Hy
geia "a disagreeable old thing." but be a
sensible little girlie and make up your
mind to let well enough alone. Are we
still friends? : "; y
-..-.--■ . ■ .
of the exchanges announced that she
wanted to wash pet cats! She said that
she was particularly fond of cats, and as
they ought to be washed, she thought. her
offer might fill a want which would prove
to be real, even if it had not been long
felt. Two or three young women write
verses to order— verses of the kind which
may be described as dinner poetry;
rhymes with a personal flavor, familiar
features of many social functions.
A country girl, whose accomplishments
ln the dairy line were not in demand in
the city, happened to mention incident
ally that she could handle a saw and
hammer as easily as most women manage
a needle and thimble. She was soon en
gaged to teach a rich woman's small son,
who had a yearning for carpenter's tools,
how to use them without danger to life
and limb. It is a universal blessing that
women are learning to put to use their
own individual talents or accomplish
ments. Once the girl who now wants to
wash cats would have been spoiling tern •
pers and dresses, and the country girl ac
customed to a hammer and a saw would
have been making Impossible desserts.
Truly, the world grows not only better,
but more sensible.
THERE is scarcely any branch in
which medicine has not advanced
within the last twenty years, but
ln no one branch has more im
provement been shown than in the
compounding and putting together
of drugs. No more is the unwilling pa
tient made to swallow large doses of nau
seating medicine, for sugar-coated pills,
capsules and wafers have come into
use and patients can now take the most
vile tasting medicines without any dis
comfort. Now comes along a Frenchman
with a still more Ingenious plan which
opens up to pharmacy unbounded possi
bilities of going still further ahead.
On account of the difficulty of assimila
ting Iron as a medicine a French drug
gist has sought to Introduce It in a digest
ible way by what he terms ferruginous
eggs.
Hens can digest Iron easily, while ren
dering it back through the albumen of
their eggs in a form which is easily di
gested by the weaker stomach of man
kind. A salt of iron Is given to the hens
with grains of wheat. A dozen of these
medicated grains of wheat a day makes
the hens, after three or four days, lay
eggs, which are very rich In Iron already
digested. y- '"'- ' '■[' v ■: ._,
The Frenchman is experimenting fur
ther with other drugs, and it Is not with
out the bounds of possibility that we shall
shortly be able to take all our medicine
in the form of eggs.
-JTTr- CURIOUS corner In Paris at
A present corner in Paris at
present is Mme. Gache-Sarrante's
jj— a\ consulting room. Nothing of the .
jj V, llngere about it as at Peeter'3,
Leoty's or any of the ordinary
smart corsetleres. The salon of a doctor
a la mode, with any number of chic wom
en sitting about waiting for the consulting
room door to be opened and the welcome*
"next," which means their turn, and all
day long carriages driving up, and the
soft swish of trailing skirts through the
halls as other women come to fill appoint
ments; the doctor rushing about through.
It all as hurried as a popular physician in
an epidemic of grip.
It seems that numbers of women have
gained extraordinarily in tone and strength
through this rational dressing, and I have
myself seen wonderful Improvements In
certain figures thereby. A stiff, short
waisted little person I know, somewhat
inclined to be embonpoint and crammed
into her corset, became supple, grace
ful, elegant, through this transformation:
but It does not suit everybody for style,
whatever lt may do for health. The lat
est fad Is to have a silk jersey, made to.
order by some such house as Mlzon, and
exquisitely fitting, to wear under one's
tailor suit. The coat, then, may be as
free as possible.— Harper's Bazar.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
___M______W_____________ Is removed by DR. and MRS.
fe_WK2gm*l A. tV. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
E3f_V__^'_3l_ar buildtner. 1170 Market St.. cor.
_«^2_Hp/2Vr' Tavlor, rooms 28-29, with the
KvjJSR 'AX electric needle, without pain or
&tw___*v__i- *«-« scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles.
K^Jj blackheads. freckles, blrth-
*7W —CTH« marks, etc . also removed. Per-
Mm 4^JMm manency guaranteed. Hours, 1
...
2728
Qibsorx ir\ Egypt
From McClure's Magazine for March.
ftobertj Stizabeth Barrett
Browning
TAKE them, my boy, and do 'with
them as you please after I am
gone."
So spoke Robert Browning shortly
before he died as he gave into the
hands of his son an inlaid box con
taining the love letters that had passed
between himself and Elizabeth Barrett
before he married her. They were all
there side by side, and none were ever
written afterward, because the two were
never separated after this wedding.
And now it has pleased the son, Robert
W. B. Browning, the artist, to publish
1 Whether this is just right is a question
some of us may have difficulty in decid
ing for ourselves. book at it from an
unselfish standpoint and there is a harsh
ness about the act. Even the son must
have felt this, for he begins his book
with an excuse, as if he were a little
ashamed of what he had done. He says
that he had to either publish the letters
or destroy th.-m. and the latter he felt
he had no right to do. The reader can
judge of this aspect of the case for him
self. . .
Certainly no tenderer love story was
ever written than is revealed in these let
ters as the\ r appear in book form in the
sequence of their writing. 'Tis the love
story of a poet and poetess told in their
correspondence. '7'il, ,
The story of the Browning courtship in
Its larger outlines is a familiar one. In
the book the more intimate details are
filled in. Mrs. Browning, as Miss Bar
rett, had been an ardent worshiper of her
great contemporary long before she met
him. In her "i_ady Geraldine's Court
ship." published in 1844, she makes the
peasant poet, her hero, read to his lady
love passages from ancient poets:
Or at times a modern volume, Wordsworth's
solemn, thoughtful Idyl.
Howitt's ballad verse, or Tennyson s en-
chanted reverie —
Of from Browning some "Pomegranate,
which if cut deep down the middle,
Shows a heart within, blood tinctured, of a
veined humanity.
Browning at the time was absent from
England. He, on his side, had known and
appreciated at its true worth the poetic
value of Miss Barrett's work. He, how
ever, had never sought to intrude his far
off admiration upon the author's person
ality The poets had, indeed, a mutual
friend in Miss Barrett's cousin, Mr. Ken
yon. But from John Kenyon Browning
had learned the sad facts of his relative's
life So far back as 1840 she had burst a
blood vessel in the lungs, and after a
twelvemonth's confinement at her home,
In London, had been ordered to a milder
climate. With some relatives she had
taken up her residence in Torquay. There
a fatal event had taken place. Her favor
ite brother, with two of his friends, hav
ing embarked on board a small vessel for
a sail of a few hours, the boat had gone
down. All on hoard had perished.
It was long before Miss Barrett s health
Bufflclentlv recovered from this added
shock to allow of her being brought home
again to London, where many years
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE EASTERN STAR. j
Ivy Chapter at its' meeting last Tues
day night initiated two candidates and ,
after the work had a banquet in the lower i
hall at which there were present about
100 persons.
Harmony Chapter had seventeen candi- ]
dates for Initiation at its meeting last |
Friday night. The event was followed by |
a grand collation.
Till-: I. O. O. F.
There was a special session of the Grand j
Lodge at Auburn last night under the I
auspices of District No. 4. There were
present the grand master, grand secre- j
tary and grand warden. After the meet- \
ing of the grand body there was a meet- j
ing of the lodges of the district.
Western Addition Lodge gave an anni- i
versary entertainment last Wednesday in |
the Odd Fellows' building. Under the
direction of the committee, of which H.
W. Nowell was the chairman, there was
presented a very fine programme of en
tertainment, which was followed by
dancing The principal address of the
evening was delivered by Past Master
Barnes. "-."' , '.
The grand master will pay a visit to !
Pacific Lodge next Thursday. The same !
night the lodge will celebrate the thirtieth
; anniversary of the institution of that '
Last Tuesday the Veterans paid a fra- [
ternal visit to Oakland Lodge.
B. Gulnand, 79 years of age, a member .
of Santa Barbara Lodge, died at the home ;
last week
Last "Wednesday Oriental Rebekah
Lodge was surprised by the presentation !
by three gentlemen of the order of a mag
nificent altar, just before • the lodge
worked ln the initiatory degree. The altar
is one of the most unique that has ever
been placed in a lodge room, and one of
the most beautiful. ±--77^ : 7* -"---;
Last night Mission Rebekah Lodge en
tertained Occidental, Fidelity and Ex
celsior lodges.
ODDFELLOW SHIP. M. U.
Recently Loyal Mission Lodge conferred
the blue degree on six, in the presence of
a good attendance of members and a
number of visitors. The ceremony was
followed by a collation aranged by the
social committee. Last Tuesday night the
lodge gave its monthly social in Mission
' Opera Hall and a most ejoyable time was
had.  • '■
Golden Gate Lodge Is progressing favor
ably and the new officers have become
proficient in the work they have to per
form. The membership Is displaying a
great deal of enthusiasm.
California, the oldest of the lodges of
the Manchester Unity branch in this city,
_, __■__—
passed away in the confinement of a sick
room. Here few besides the members of
her own family were admitted. Among
the exceptions were her cousin, John Ken
yon, Miss Mitford. who would travel for
ty miles to see her for an hour, and Mrs.
Jameson. It was during this period of
I confinement that the two volumes of
poems containing "Lady Geraldine s
Courtship" were published. When Robert
Browning—
But why retell a story which Browning
himself has recalled reverently and ten
derly in one of these very letters written
shortly after his engagement:
"Always remember," he reminds Miss
Barrett. "I never wrote you, all the years,
on the strength of your poetry, though I
constantly heard of you through Mr. K.
and was near seeing you once, and might
have easily availed myself of his inter
vention to commend any letter to your
notice, so as to reach you out of the fool
ish crowd of rushers-in upon genius, who
come and eat their bread and cheese on
the high altar, and talk of reverence with
out one of its surest instincts— never quiet
till they cut their initials on the cheek of
the Medicean Venus to prove they wor
ship her."
This first letter written by Browning
was graciously answered by the Invalid,
and so a correspondence began that was
not for some months to ripen Into actual
acquaintanceship. Little by little, how
ever, you see how the two kindred souls
were brought into nearer relationship.
The letters, begun formally enough, grew
more and more intimate. The correspond
ents exchange views on life, on philoso
phy, on literature, on each other's poems.
Then the personal note begins to Inter
vene. On March 12. 1845. we find Brown
ing saying: "Will you grant me a great
favor? Always when you write, though
about your own works, not Greek plays
merely, put me in. always, a little e>rn
clal bulletin line that shall say. 'I am bet
ter,' or 'still better,' will you?" And a
little further along in the same letter
crops in the query, "Do you think I shall
see you In two months, three months.
Then the writer passes on to a denuncia
tion of society, which Miss Barrett feels
the need of as a means of self-develop
ment "For me," he exclaims, "I always
hated have put up with It these six or
seven years past, lest by foregoing it I
should let some unknown good escape me,
in the true time of it, and only discover
mv fault when too late; and now that I
have done most of what is to be done,
any lodge in a garden of cucumbers tor
me' I don't care even about reading
now— the world and pictures of It, rather
than writings about the world! But you
must read books in order to get words
and forms for 'the public' if you write,
and that you needs must do. If you fear
God." . _,„*,_.,
Miss Browning's answer Is dated
March 20. 1845. "It was kind of you. she
begins, "to wish to know how I was. and
not unkind of me to suspend my answer to
your question— for indeed I have not been
very well, nor have had much heart for
saying so. This implacable weather! this
east wind that seems to blow through the
is also on an excellent footing and making
decidedly good progress. The financial
report shews a good reserve fund in the
bank. At the first meeting in April Loyal
Mission Lodge will in a body pay a visit
to California.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Unity Lodge No. 27 will celebrate the
twenty-first anniversary of the institu
tion of the lodge by a grand entertain
ment and ball to be given in B'ne B'rith
Hall on the night of the sth of April.
Valley Social Club will on the 19th of
April give an entertainment and dance in
Laurel Hall, Shiels building, In celebra
tion of the institution of Valley Lodge.
In about two weeks a new lodge will be
Instituted at Tesla with more than fifty
members.
On the 11th inst. a new lodge of the De
gree of Honor was Instituted at Santa
Ana by Mrs. Viola Norman, D. D. Mrs.
Frances Goepper is the chief of honor,
and Laura Lacy the recorder. The same
night a lodge was instituted at Gait by
Deputy Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. A.
A. Wood, assisted by Mrs. Alice Hinkley
of Stockton, who acted as grand usher.
Mrs. L. Cole is tho chief of honor, and
Clarence R. Pitt the recorder. On the
14th Myrtle Lodge was instituted at East
Oakland by Mrs. M. J. Stewart. P. S. C.
of H., assisted by Mrs. Eva Cogan and
the drill team of Ivy Lodge. Lillian A.
Caney is the chief of honor, and F. D.
Dolbler the recorder. The same night
Union Lodge was instituted at Haywards
by Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. E. F. May
on, assisted by Grand Receiver Miss M.
H. Ohea. Mrs. E. D. Strobridge is chief
of honor and Georgia A. Threfaull re
corder.
The Grand Lodge will meet in Shasta
Hall, Native Sons' building, 414 Mason
street, in this city, on the Bth of April.
NATIVE SONS.
Last Monday night Sequoia Parlor had
more Initiations, its officers inducting into
the mysteries of the order nine candi
dates, the work being done in an admir
able manner. The parlor then elected
Silas A. White. L. C. Pistolesl and W. P.
Johnson as delegates, to the Grand Par
lor. For the benefit of the newly initiated
members the high royal nincompoop and
his satellites conferred the degree of the
sublime order of the nincompoops upon
one solitary individual, as brave as Rich
ard Coeur de Lion, In a manner that
taught him that there are striking points
in the order; that the rise and fall of man
is well illustrated, and that man's . life
hangs often by a single thread— lessons
that were brought to the mind of the
candidate in a most forcible and realistic
way. It was wal\ said, after the close
__..__. _
THE SAN / FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
GOSJ OF MAQAZINES.
It becomes every' year a more costly
business to float an important periodical.
I see that Mr. Harmsworth of the London
Mall and a dozen other publications, dis
cussed at the recent annual meeting of
the shareholders of his company, that it
had cost $100,000 to Introduce the new
Harmsworth Magazine and get out the
first four numbers. That is a pretty good
sum--SIOO,OOO, and four numbers, even in
the swiftest flight to success, don't carry
a periodical so very far.
Yet this is about what any one must be
equal to. If he would undertake to found a
new monthly or weekly. People who un
dertake these ventures without knowing
well beforehand what they require are
apt to make the mistake of supposing
that when they have figured out, with
reasonable cleverness, the- cost of produc
ing a single number, and have made
financial provision for paying such a sum
at the required intervals through a cer
tain term, the provision is ample.
Editing so much, literature so much,
and art, typesetting, printing, paper, bind
ing, distributing, and so forth, all so much
more: this Is a comparatively easy sum.
It leaves out of calculation the cost of
getting your publication known; and that
is perhaps the toughest of all the prob
lems. You can produce a year s numbers
(that is, twelve numbers) of a very good
magazine, in editions of pretty good size,
for $60,000 or $70,000. But there has been
as much as the larger of these sums, and
probably more, spent by a single period
ical in the course of three months simply
In advertising itself in other periodicals.
Add to this the cost of circulars and reg
ular and special notices, distributed for
the most part through the mall, and see
what a total results as the cost merely of
selling your -production.
The effort a few years ago to conjure
with a familiar name and revive a period
ical long since defunct ls said to have cost
each of three or four successive owners a
small fortune. Every penny of the large
expenditure went for naught, --id the at
tempt had finally to be entirely aban
doned.
Mistress (finding visitor in kitchen)—
Who is this, Mary? ' , 
Mary (confusedly)— My brother, mm.
Mistress (suspiciously)— re not
much alike. ,  . _„_
Mary (stammering apologetically)— We
were, mm; but he's just had his beard
shaved off, and that makes him look dif
ferent, mm.—R ival.
jCife
J^etters
find
{Poetry.
sun and moon! who can be well in such a
wind? Yet for me, I should not grumble.
There has been nothing very bad the mat
ter with me, as there used to be l only
grow weaker than usual, and learn my
lesson of being mortal, in a corner— and
then all this must end! April is coming.
There will be both a May and a June if
we live to see such things, and perhaps,
after all, we may. And as to seeing you.
besides, I observe that you distrust me,
and that perhaps you penetrate my mor
bidity and guess how T hen the moment
comes to see a living human face to which
I am not accustomed I shrink and grow
pale in the spirit. Do you? You are
learned in human nature, and you know
the consequences of leading such a seclud
ed life as mine— notwithstanding all my
fine philosophy about social duties and
the like— well— lf you have such knowledge
or If you have lt not. I cannot say, but I
do say that I will Indeed see you when
the warm weather has revived me
a little and put the earth 'to rights'
again so as to make pleasures of the
sort possible. For if you think that
I shall not want to see you you are
wrong, for all your learning. But
I shall be afraid of you at flrst— though
I am not. in writing thus. You are Para
celsus, and I am a recluse, with nerves
that have been ail broken on the rack,
and now hang quivering at a step
and breath.
"And what you say of society draws me
on to many comparative thoughts of your
life and mine. You seem to have drunken
of the cup of life full, with the sun shin
ing on it. I have lived only inwardly,
or with sorrow for a strong emotion. Be
fore, this seclusion of my illness I was
secluded still, and there are Z*>xv of the
youngest women in the wo;- . who have
not seen more, heard more, know more,
of society than I, who am scarcely to be
called young now. I grew up in the coun
try—had no social opportunities; had my
heart in books and poetry and my experi
ence In reveries. My sympathies drooped
toward the ground like an untrained hon
eysuckle—and but for one, in my own
house— but of this I cannot speak. It was
a lonely life, growing green like the grass
around it. Books and dreams were what
I lived In, and domestic life only seemed
to buzz gently around, like the bees about
the grass. And so time passed and passed
—and afterward, when my illness came
and I seemed to stand at the edge of the
world, with all done, and no prospect
(as appeared at one time) of ever passing
the threshold of one room again, why,
then I turned to thinking with some bit
terness (after the greatest sorrow of my
life had given me room and time to
«"C.»a»»»C.C.»C.J_.C.»»C.»C-
of that work, that a native son who had
not taken that degree had missed the ex
periences that occur to man but once in a
lifetime. During the evening after the
close of the regular business the Native
Sons' band, led by Professor Sousa Bar
ton, rendered a number of choice selec
tions. The evening wound up with a ban
quet in the "Post street hole-in-the-wall,"
where there was plenty to eat, some in
teresting talks and music and song. The
drill corps of the parlor will hold Its an
nual picnic in Mirabel Park on the 9th
of April.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The members of Buenr. Ventura Parlor
greatly enjoyed the visit of Grand Presi
dent Mrs. Mills. After the serious part of
the official visit was over there was a
banquet at the Hotel Rose, where Grand
Vice President -ora Sifford acted as toast
mistress and welcomed the guest of the
evening In a very pleasant speecn. There
were a number of responses to toasts,
Mrs. Tina L. Kane, S. P. G. P.. responding
to "The First Parlor," Miss Margaret
Sheppard responded to "My Impressions
of tne Grand Parlor," and Miss McGonl
gle, the president of Buena Ventura, to a
toast to that parlor.
Ramona Parlor of Martinez gave a very
enjoyable party recently and under the
direction of Mesdames Dunkel, Cerone
and Scott, the social committee, there was
Inaugurated a novelty. Each person pres
ent was handed a slip of paper and re
quested to write the very best thing she
had done while in her teens. This was
done and then a vote was taken as to
which was the best. The result was in
favor of Miss Sadie Davenport, who was
awarded a handsome prize.
The new parlor Instituted at 'Hollister
No. 105, has been named Copa de Oro (Pun
of Gold). v p
Buena Vista Parlor recently gave a very
Interesting and entertaining party to
members only. It was called a "mum
party," that is, all the members have
sworn to keep mum as to what the en
tertainment" was.
. WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Last Monday night Golden Gate Camp, '
Woodmen of the World, after the close
of routine business, opened wide Its doors
and admitted a number of friends into
Shasta Hall, Native Sons* building, after !
which the membership and visitors were
treated to a select programme of enter
tainment which had been arranged by
John S. Patterson, George J. Strong and
E. McCourtney, the social committee. !
This included an overture on the piano !
by Professor Welsel, a cornet solo by Mr. j
Maynard and then a tenor solo by J. H. '
Desmond, followed "by selections on the I
gramophone introduced. by the most mod- '
est member of the camp, fancy dancing
by the Misses Kaufman, a violin solo by
Miss Guthrie, accompanied by Miss
Sehernstein; a recitation by Miss Rear
don, a song by Mr. Garratt and other j
numbers, .which kept the company to- !
gether until after 11 o'clock.
The camp has on the tapis a proposition
breathe) that I had stood blind In this
temple I was about to leave— that I had
seen no human nature, that my brothers
and sisters of the earth were names to
me; that I had beheld no great mountain
or river, nothing, in fact. I was as a
man dying who had not read Shakes
peare, and it was too late! Do you un
derstand?
"And do you also know what a disad
vantage this ignorance is to my art?
Why, if I live on and yet do not escape
from this seclusion, do you not perceive
that I labor under signal disadvantages
—that I am, in a manner, as a blind poet?
Certainly there is a. compensation to a
degree. I have had much of the inner
life, and from the habit of self-conscious
ness and self-analysis I have made great
guesses at human nature in the main.
But how willingly I would, as a poet, ex
change some of this lumbering, ponder
ous, helpless knowledge of books for some
experience of life and man."
Browning In reply urges that all you
gain from society and travel Is the dis
covery that you have gained nothing, and
have done rightly in trusting your innate
ideas— not rightly in distrusting them,
as the case may be. *•*•
The letters follow in their order and
show how the poet and poetess grew
eloper and closer In their sentiments, un
til they met and courted.
Here is a charming passage In which
Browning attempts to elucidate his feel
ings for his fiancee: "Now, love, I do be
lieve—now, when I am utterly blest In
this gift of your love, and least able to
Imagine what I should do without it— l
cannot but believe, I say, that had you
given me once a 'refusal' clearly derived
from your own feelings,' and quite apart
from any fancied consideration for my in
terests—had this come upon me, whether
slowly but inevitably in the course of
events, or suddenly as precipitated by
any step of mme — I should, believing you,
have never again renewed directly or in
directly such solicitation; I should have
begun to count how many other ways
were yet open to serve you and devote
myself to you— but from the outside, now,
and not in your livery! For your own
part in that matter, seeing: it with all
the light you have since given me (and
then not inadequately by my own light),
I could. I do kiss your feet, kiss every
letter in your name, bless you with my
whole heart and soul if I could pour them
out, from me, before you, to stay and
be yours; when I think on your motives
and pure, perfect generosity. -
It was on September 12. 1546, that all
deception came to an end with the pri
vate marriage at St. Marylebone Parish
Church of Elizabeth Barrett to Robert
Browning. "It was a runaway match,"
notes the gossip. Miss Mitford. "Never
was I so much astonished. He prevailed
on her to meet him at church with only
the two necessary witnesses. They went
by rail to Southampton, crossed to Havre,
up the Seine to Rouen, to Paris by rail
way. Here they. stayed a week. Happen
ing to meet with Mrs. Jameson, she joined
them in their journey to Pisa."
At Pisa the couple remained six months,
and then settled in Florence. It may be i
added that Mr. Barrett never forgave his* i
daughter's preference of her lover and I
husband for him, notwithstanding all ap
peals. At Casa Guidi, in Florence, made
famous by her sonnets, her son, her own
young Florentine, Robert Barrett Brown
ing, now the painter and sculptor, was
born on March 9, 1849, two and a half ,
years after her marriage. At Casa Guidi,
Mrs. Browning died in 1861. Harper Broth
ers, publishers, New York.
"The Real Arabian Nights- "j\z SaW a Hand Jurr. AWa'-j the Spear."
From The Cosmopolitan for March.
to Inaugurate a Woodman's picnic, and a
committee was appointed to report on the
project. The camp at Its next meeting
will have a number of candidates to ini
tiate, and will after the work introduce
the side degree of the order.
On Thursday, the 9th Inst., Redwood
Camp had a well-attended meeting, and
under the head of good of the order there
were a number of interesting addresses
which had the effect of arousing the en
thusiasm of the membership. There were
a number of visitors present from other
local camps. .' : • . ■
Western Addition Camp last Tuesday
night initiated three candidates, and after
adjournment conferred the degree of the
Orient on seven candidates, -y
California Circle No. 178. Women _of
Woodcraft, recently Instituted, will give
an entertainment and dance In the ban
quet hall of the Native Sons' building on
the night of Friday, the 24th Inst. Re
freshments without cost will be served
to all who attend.
THE GRAND ARMY.
One of the pleasant features of the camp
fire under the auspices of James A. Gar
field Post No. 34 last Thursday evening
was the presence of Professor A. L.
Taafe, principal of the Humboldt Evening
High School, with a dozen of his pupils.
During the evening the . professor de
livered a splendid address to the veterans,
one full of patriotic sentiments and ex
tolling the services of the grand army
during the Civil War. There was singing
by a double quartet from the Humboldt
classes, accompanist Mr. Turner. Gen
eral E. 8. Salomon, the post commander,
Department Commander Sol. Cahen, Ad
jutant General T. C. Masteller. Colonel J.
II Simpson and others , delivered ad
dresses. Mr. McMann" of the Humboldt
School entertained with stirring recita
tions F. E. Meyers sang solos.* Mr. Simon
gave' a French dialect recitation and
Peter Johanneson gave flute solos. There
were present visitors from Lincoln,
Thomas, Meade and other posts. During
the evening a collation was served.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Last Monday Yerba Bueria Lodge ad
mitted six members by initiation and one
by card. There were present a number of
visitors, one being Past Dictator Abra
hamson of Occidental Lodge, who was
present to see his son initiated. To-mor
row night the lodge will- initiate several
more in the presence of a number of rep
resentatives *to the Grand Lodge.
Palmistry
So many thousand impressions of palms
have been forwarded to this department
for reading that it has been decided not
to receive any more until those on hand
are answered. This is done in justice to
the palmist and to those who might for
ward impressions and be obliged to wait
a long time before a careful reading could
be made In this column.
• • •
MR. GEORGE S.— A decided, firm, posi
tive nature; concise, of a speculative turn
of mind, and you will make quite a sum
of money suddenly; you will experience
many changes within the next two years;
you will have one severe accident, which
will injure your head; you will recover
from this and live to a good old age.
AMY X., San Luis Obispo— You have a
hand showing great generosity; there will
be ono journey of great importance; a
broken engagement proving very benefi
cial to you; one marriage is Indicated; a
square on a broken life line Is an acci
dent, which otherwise would have proved
fatal.
MISS R., San Mateo— You have a gen
erous nature; very willful, yet cautious;
many journeys strongly marked; a life
influenced by others; one marriage; sev
eral love affairs that will not terminate
in marriage.
MISS E. VV. H., 99— You have decision
and caution strongly marked; one great
bereavement is shown; you are often in
fluenced against your better judgment by
those you love; you are sincere and kind;
great independence of thought and action.
WALTER X., Petaluma— Has a queru
lous temper and poor digestion; you are
sharp in money matters and not always
just in your dealings; you will marry
twice before you are 35; you will be In
moderate circumstances all your life.
ANNIE M., Vallejo— This hand por
trays a highly cultivated mind; a great
love of books and some literary ability;
well versed on many subjects, though
you lack force; your first marriage was
a most unsuitable one; your second,
which will occur before you are 35, will
be far more satisfactory.
HATTIE IL. San Rafael— This hand Is
full of energy. You have great anxiety
for your future welfare. Though you will
not marry, yet you will be able to support
yourself nicely through your own talent.
All you lack is self-assurance. You would
excel in vocal music. *- :.< *
MISS R., Alameda avenue— Your hand
shows that you have had heart sorrows of
a very grave nature. Many travel lines
are shown. You are very sensitive. You
have inordinate pride. Your life line is
not as long as it might be. You are very
intuitive and have great love of the beau
tiful. Very cautious. Musical ability.
One happy marriage. Z.'--'-': . -
MRS. T.. Virginia City— have had
many disappointments. Your life line Is
broken between 45 and 50, showing recov
ery from a serious Illness. Good logic but
not as much will power. Two marriages
Tancred and Charter Oak lodges paid a
fraternal visit to Fortuna Lodge last
Tuesday, and Past Dictator Barnes de
livered a stirring address on fraternal
work. L. W. Seeley, dictator of the sit
ting lodge, also delivered an impressive
address.
Last Friday Ivy Lodge was visited by
a number of the grand officers and many
members from other lodges. A pleasant
and Instructive evening was spent.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
At the review of Golden West Tent
held last Tuesday night there was pres
ent a good attendance of members of the
order to witness the initiation of eight
candidates by the team of San Francisco
Tent. Deputy Ermerins presented the
names of five more candidates who will
receive the degrees at the next review.
The promise made at the previous re
view that this tent would strive to ad
vance in membership promises well. Dur
ing the evening there were addresses by
State Record Keeper Smith of Redding
Frank B. Tlchnor, deputy supreme com
mander; Deputy Ermerins, Deputy Ab
rogassy and Deputy Greenberg.
San Francisco Tent did not hold a re
view last Friday night, as it was conven
tion night, and the team of that tent was
before the convention exemplifying the
ritualistic work.
. INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Last Thursday evening the board of
deputies paid a visit to Court Apollo in
Its hall In the Mission Opera* House.
There were present a good number of
visitors from local courts, In addition to
a large representation of the sitting
court. There were a number of very in
structive addresses, and the attention of
the court was directed to the grand en
tertainment that Is to be given in Odd
Fellows' Hall under the auspices of the
Independent Order of Foresters on the
Bth of April.
The deputies have arranged all the de
tails for the grand entertainment to be
given on the Sth of next month under the
auspices of the order in Odd Fellows'
Hall. . The tickets are out ahd may be
obtained from any member of the order.
Dr. W. A eland H. Oronhyatekha of this
city, son of the supreme chief ranger of
the order, received a letter from his
father last week announcing that on the
26th of February he and his party left
Cairo for Jerusalem and that he expected
to reach the English offlce In London by
&cad »'*£' <fo» d
.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦*t*-*-**r*^^^"*- T ***
are shown. Loss of money through a rel
ative. Two journeys of great importance.
One lawsuit marked. . „„,„»,».
CECIL C.-You have an honest straight
forward, frank nature. Good construction
and Inventive ability. In your earlier life
you will follow a career "'at you are not
fitted for. but will change at 30 to a more
congenial occupation and have good sue
cess thereafter. , . .„„ „_.eictic
MRS. W. A. L.-A high-strung, artistic
nature, loving and kind. Many struggles
and disappointments In early » r '--_._ l "
will marry twice; one divorce is > shown on
your marriage line. You make friends eas
ily but they do not always deal lair'% "will
you. One very long voyage, which will
bring great happiness. „:,-._,»._ trirnr
MRS C E i. -A careful, painstaking
nature, a deep thinker; one whose head
rules and dominates the nature. Great
prosperity. From middle age on much
travel. You will enjoy better health as
you grow older. , „ __.
JOHN M.. Fresno-You are of a very
sensual, indolent nature. You like to know
your friends' affairs but are very secretive
with your own. You have marked musical
ability, a good vocalist, but lack of perse-
V CARRIE N., Healdsburg-You allow
your affection to master your reason, and
"lt causes you many sorrows. You are
troubled with severe nervous headaches.
Will marry once at 21. Three children.
T. L. J.. Suisun— are a careful,
cautious, sypathetic nature. Your greatest
sorrow came through the death or a
sweetheart at 23. You will never marry.
J. J., Healdsburg-Thls is the hand of
pluck and energy. Every thought is in
your business. Square in all your deal
ings. Your integrity and honor are above
reproach. A good Christian. Inclined to
be too exacting of others, attempting to
compel others to accept your creed.
ED GRIFFO— Your hand shows a good.
intelligent, honest nature, fond of music
and literature. You are too timid and
cautious sometimes, but you will outgrow
that. You are not as independent as you
would like to be. You will travel both for
business and pleasure. You will never
make very much money; are too vision
ary and lack self-reliance. 7
W. H. 8., Santa Rosa— is the
hand of a conceited, tyrannical, domineer
ing nature. Large Ideas but poor attain
ments. You have little care for the future.
Your hand shows a great fondness for the
opposite %ex and a decided weakness for
liquor. Short life but a merry one.
MRS. BLANCHE S., Stockton— Your
hand indicates a nervous, weak constitu
tion. You are logical, have good judgment
though not always allowed to exercise it.
Two marriages are marked. You will
have your greatest prosperity after you
are 3S. There are many struggles and
worries In your early life. You have
great daring and originality.
MRS. MOLLY MUD— This hand indi
cates an ardent, impulsive nature, vet
cautious withal. Your life line shows
continued but not severe illnesses. You
would be extravagant if you had the
means. You will take one long journey
and narrowly escape drowning. You will
experience many changes within the next
fifteen months.
MR. SHERMAN R.— Your hand shows
an intense nature, a violent temper when
aroused. You are of a speculative turn.
There will be two occasions in your life
when the influence of a woman will cause
you trouble. You will have one serious
financial loss, but will regain your foot
ing through the assistance of a friend.
MRS. S., Santa Rosa— your hand is
certain good luck, but greatest success
comes late in life. Your hand also indi
cates many changes of abode. You are
artistic and have good mental capacity.
Your heart line shows crosses and disap
pointments through loved ones. You will
have a long life, with great increase of
prosperity in your last days.
MISS M. H. L., Oakland— This hand in
dicates a nervous, high-strung, delicate
constitution. Your health will not be per
fect until after 30. You have talent but
lack concentration. You are inconstant
in affection. You will marry and have
two children. One great sorrow through
misplaced affection.
MRS. M. A. W.— A sensual, selfish men
tality, fond of display yet economical in
expenditures. Two i marriages plainly
marked. You are inclined to plan far
beyond your power to execute. You reason
well but lack force to carry out your de
signs. You are fond of good eating and
will always have what you need of this
world's goods.
FRANK BRADLEY— So far in life you
have not been very successful. You have
stopped to analyze things too closely,
thereby losing opportunities to" better
your condition. You will not marry until
after 30, but it will be a most satis
factory union. She will be a helpmeet in
every sense of the word.
MRS. M. P., Sacramento — woman of
great executive ability. You have a re
fined mind, guided by common-sense. You
the end of March. He will return to his
home in Toronto, Canada, in April, and
in May he will come to this coast. The
trip which the supreme chief ranger is
taking for the benefit of his health has
been of great benefit to him.
Court Yerba Buena at its last held
meeting had an Initiation and acted upon
amendments to the by-laws. The court
Is taking an active Interest In the grand
public entertainment that is to be given
in Odd Fellows* Hall on the night of the
Bth of next month.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Palo Alto at its last held meet
ing initiated four candidates, one of the
initiates being P. A. Bergerot. The work
was done in that excellent manner for
which this court is noted.
Court Sutro Heights on last Thursday
received a visit from Grand Trustee Max
Grimm of Stockton and other grand of
ficers There was a large attendance of
members and visitors and during the
evening there was work In the initiatory
degree, the same being performed in a
manner that called for many words of
commendation from those who are com
petent to judge.
CONVENTION OF '99.
The social committee of the Convention
of '99, which has for its objects the en
tertainment of the delegates of the Grand
Circle of the Companions of the Forest of
America, will give a grand social in So
cial Hall of the Alcazar building on the
4th of April. The committee, ,of which
Mrs. E. Harrington, P. G. C. C, is chair
man, will present a pleasant evening s
entertainment.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Three of the jolliest members of Palo
Alto Circle have arranged to give the
eighth party of the R. K. L. in Saratoga
Hall on the night of the 21st Inst. The
committee has arranged a flne programme
° GrantTs'ub-Chlef Companion Mrs. Flora
Jacobs returned last Wednesday from an
eleven days' official tour in the interior.
During her absence she visited Manza
nlta Circle at Angels Camp, where out of
a membership of thirty-eight there were
thirty-two present. She then visited
Mother Lode Circle at Jamestown, then
Sonora Circle and Stockton Circle. In
each of these places the grand officer dis
covered that the membership was heart
and soul in the work of the order and at
Manzanlta Circle she saw the ritualistic
work exemplified in a manner that has
nexer been excelled by any of the" city
circles. At each place she was the re
cipient of many courtesies.
At the meeting of Palo Alto Circle last
Wednesday night Maurice Rapheld, the
financial secretary, and Miss Pauline
Aaron, past chief companion, were elect
ed delegates to the Grand Circle. J.
Rapheld and Emil Kahn were elected al
ternates. v *'. 7
Robin Hood Circle last Wednesday
elected Mrs. C. O. Miller. Mrs. H. Bailey
and Mrs. L. Ticoulet delegates to the
Grand Circle, with Miss Backers. Miss
Alice Ticoulet and Miss Mamie Scheon
as alternates. The circle initiated one
stranger and will have six more to ini
tiate at the next meeting. This circle is
making good progress ln the matter of
the farmers' party to be given on the
Uth of April in Social Hall of the Alca
zar building. *-:
Live Oak Circle on Wednesday night
elected Mrs. E. J. N. Steinwav and
Mrs. B. Kramer as delegates to the Grand
Circle and Mrs. B. Harris and N. Roth
man as alternates. The circle received'
one proposition, made arrangements for
a tamale party, and after the meeting
spent a pleasant hour in games and social
converse.
SONS OF BENJAMIN.
The third annual picnic of the Sons of
Benjamin will be given at Schuetzen Park
on the 23d of April. The committee has
secured good music and will give a num
ber of gate prizes. affair has been
have a -ell-balanced nature, are logical
>syyyy« ;!r; « m realize her
'■'i'iVSs AN.MX S— You are ambitious and
MISS ANNIE b.— xou a
j£Css- H-.'t-i'BSsa v_u:
in the future than you have been in the
P^t<s<? ADRIANNE. Suisun— This hand
an D exJel!ent combination of the
artistic, intellectual *»"« the practical. in
clined to go to extremes. Great original
ity and daring, extravagant k nd "hearted
and generous. You will be strongly at
tached to one before your marriage,
which will be to a different type from
your firVt idol. .will travel much.
You will have one child, a boy. _""__,
JACK 8., Fresno— A sport in every
sense of the word. Self-reliant and inde
pendent A jolly, good-natured person,
continually seeking recreation and amuse
ment You will never marry as you dis
like to assume any responsibility.
FRED GEORGE. San Jose— A thorough
ly-bohemian nature, fond of change; will
travel extensively;. you will be asbistec
inanoiaitv to get into a business at 30.
when you will succeed '■**«"»* *>£
expectations; you will marry early in
"VsS* JANE 0 ' w aPP Woodland-A hand
shewing fine artistic feeling;, good judg
ment generous and broadminded; great
mdenendence of thought and action is in
dicltld- a serious intestinal trouble is
aicdieu, » d between 3o and
0 ho rgr O a n Sfair? which for a time
in' all-absorbing; one marriage.
LLOYD M Seattle-You are headstrong
and willful; have despondent moods, al
most to melancholia you are a good
Kent an excellent teacher; your early
fife from IS to 30 was marred by illness,
a nervous trouble caused by a shock.
SCSIE B Sonoma-Your hand gives
promise of a bright future; you are hon
est and conscientious, contented and
.■hecrfur you are impulsive and gen
erous one happy marriage at 23: rour
children, two of whom will live, the
other two will die In infancy, »« hav,
MAUD S San Jose-You will not have
a vctv long or happy life: you will win
fame as an actress in your twenty-sixth
„V. much travel Is Indicated.
> X L T Belvedere-This hand portrays
«n unenviable disposition; Inclined to gos-
a < „_,_? not over scrupulous in money
Otters* do V 0e t adhere to the truth In
™ur criticisms of your friends; you are
envious and jealous; one marriage, not
a h P T*^ * 1 Gilroy-Your lines show
a J^e?y seriou? accident in early life be
a ye y„J,A 2'»- you have great physical
lndu?an^randmake money In anything
endU^nfl P ;take you married unhappily
£t V you 'inclined to be too daring
at _-*. >""_„', hence many accidents.
i VRED d T P OaWahdlThls^is Che hand of
'KHi-J J-., vo. person, fond of
a^i°r U^^on-Ind the opposite sex: three
maTriage°rmuch trave.: long life and
S ALBERT h 'D., Fresno-You have a hand
showing marked ability in the mechani
cal Hne- your fate line shows ups and
down "in financial affairs until the age nf
% when you will have marked success
in a business venture; one travel me of
importance; one marriage; happy; two
Ch j\NE'M., Ukiah-Thls Is the hand of
trials and struggles: few pleasures; many
sorrows" two deaths, which affected you
sadly; your marriage was not a happy
one: only one marriage indicated.
ALVA C Cloverdale— You have a rest
less, changeable disposition; quite a
flirtatious heart line; you have not enough
logic and will power to keep you from
harm- you will have two strong attach
ments' you dislike responsibility; very
worldly, and have a hand showing adapt
ability to all circumstances and situa
tions. , ': -,-■ ■■- --
Prints too poor to be of use were re
ceived from the following: Mr. J. N. Jr.,
Placer County; Master Berkeley: Miss V.
Ames, William A. Stephen, Miss E. Buttle,
Mrs. A. S.. Mr. S. M. J., Lester B. Power.
John P. Carroll; Miss Daisy. Petaluma;
Katie, box 134; Mrs. C. S., box 134; Miss
Olive Moore. Mrs. H. W. Nelson, H. W.
Nelson. Mrs. T. J. Swall, Miss Mildred
Robb; Mr. H. F. C, City; L. H., Miss N.
R. H.. City; Miss E. Wolfe, Miss Brown,
Mr George M., S. H. Hobson, Mrs. S. H.
Hobson, Oakland; Mrs. K. St.; Mrs. Kel
ley, 110*4 L street; Warren Calvert. Mrs.
Calvert and babe; Mrs. H. Sansford; Mr.
Ph. C, 54 R street: Mrs. Soberside: Miss
Maggie- Wette, Miss Tillie Wright, A.
Andrews, Walter Wette.
Madame Neergaard, pupil of St. Germain,
scientific palm reading. 32SS Twenty-flrst st.,
near Valencia. Telephone "White 1571.
arranged by Pacific Lodge, and it will be
assisted by California, Golden Gate, Mis
sion and San Francisco lodges.
NATIONAL UNION.
Last Tuesday night Golden Gate Council I
met with Alameda Council In Under-!
mann's Hall, Alameda. There were pres
ent about fifty members from San Fran
cisco and Berkeley, and the visitors were
received by A. L. Valleau, president, and
J. G. Menzies, the speaker of Alameda
Council. Golden Gate Council with J. W. I
Carmany in the chair took charge of the 1
ceremony, and one candidate was ini
tiated In amplified form by the team of
that council, except the vice president
and usher. These places were filled by
Messrs. Gibson and McGuffick of Cali
fornia Council. After the work the Ala
medans furnished a collation and pipes,
tobacco and cigars. Each pipe was dec
orated with red, white and blue ribbons.
Subsequently N. R. Arter. president of.
the cabinet, took the chair, and then there'
were speeches and music by the National
Union Quartet.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
At a meeting of the delegates from each
of the local councils to the committee to
arrange for the entertainment of the dele
gates to the Grand Lodge, an organiza
tion was effected and sub-committees ap
polned. Grand Councilor Boehm waa
chosen chairman and the grand recorder
secretary. The entertainment will be held
in Odd Fellows' Hall on the 29th of May.
The progressive councils will be ln ses
oM n ,'", th hall of Crystal Council on the
Z3d inst. to arrange for the reception of
the delegates to the Grand Council.
. E ac i fl 2 c 1 ouncil at its last held meeting
initiated three candidates, making thirty
since the beginning of the year. Garden
Clt / Council of San Jose Initiated two
and Nevada City Council received one
petition.
Social Council had a pleasant progres
da V y night™ party ,n US hall last Th£l-
Golden Gate Council will hold an ODen
meeting on the 24th inst.. the first of a
series of monthly events to be given
B'NE B'RITH.
Unanimous consent of all the local
lodges having been obtained, a new lodge
will be instituted shortly in this city
Grand President Slchel on his return to
his home in Portland, Or., was welcomed
by the local membership. He was sere
naded and then was the guest of honorTt
a reception tendered him. There were a
SS^&^SSr" ™-nt -m*
The Daughters of Judah have invited
S,%W to attend the entertainment
that they will give in B. B. Hall on
Wednesday next. "
The proceedings of th recent Grand
Lodge will be ready for distribution with
in a week.
Jonas Heimann has been for the fifth
term re-elected janitor of the B. B. build
ing. He has proved a faithful official, and
his reward Is re-election.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday night Lincoln Lodge,
Friends of the Forest, gave Its first "at
home" ln the new quarters in the Forest
ers' building, and it was attended by a
large number of members and friends
After a short programme in the lodge
room there was an adjournment to the
social hall, where there was dancing un
til midnight.
Mizpah Lodge had a flne entertainment
and dance in Mission Opera Hall last
Thursday night, and as usual at the gath
erings of this lodge there was a large
number present to enjoy the programme
that had been prepared by Mrs. L. S
Bacon and Mrs. Schmehl. It was made
up of a variety cf well-selected numbers
which were highly appreciated by the
auditors. Then followed an enjoyable
dance, the music for it being furnished
by the fourth Cavalry banjl. _ _THE ELLIS OPERA SEASON.
A Summing Up of This Week and a Forecast of Next.
* \ ff R * EL ' L ' IS has llve d UP to his
MR. ELLIS promises. up to has
steepest promises. He has
\l I brought to San Francisco a
_._.Y__L company thoroughly equipped
for the operas in its repertory.
Up to the time of writing (Saturday
morning) we have had five per
formances, all of which but one have
been artistically complete in both in
tention and execution. The "Faust"
opening was not all that we expected,
owing principally to the smothering of
half the orchestra in a patent "shell"
that had been built under the apron of
the stage, but even with this disad
vantage the spell of Melba's Marguerite
made itself felt; so the night was by
no means wasted. Since then the mu
sicians have been in sight and sound
of the audience, and we have come to
find out that the New York symphony
orchestra is the finest operatic orches
tra in the country, as fine, perhaps, as
any in the world. The orchestral direc
tion of Seppilli has been notably good.
His authority over his bandsmen is ab
solute, and in the various operas he has
displayed a remarkable versatility, sat
urating himself, so to speak, in the
musical atmosphere of each piece. The
man who can play with equal success
such vastly different scores as those of
"Aida," "Boheme" and "Carmen" is
' a leader of prodigious resource. Sep
pillt is the true virtuoso, and when all
ls over he will not be the least remem
bered artist of our first big Ellis season.
Since the opening night the perform
ances have sustained a steady standard
of excellence. The ensembles have been
as .nearly perfect as one could expect
to hear them, the scenlng and robing
have been generous and artistic, and
the stage management of William
Parry has been the best that San Fran
cisco has ever known. Melba, in Mar
guerite and in Mimi, has more than
lived up to her promise of last season
in the lighter and more ornamental
operas. She has been something more
than the greatest vocalist of the period.
She has given us delicate, beautiful Im
personations. And the season has by
no means been a Melba season, despite
the fact that the big crowds have been
provincial enough to turn out only on
Melba nights. "We have had the operas,
with the singers that belonged in them.
Gadski, De Lussan and Chalia have
given distinguished performances of
parts to which their voices and tem
-.lents are specially adapted.
Among the m_n Ceppi has contrib
uted a good robust Rhadames, Bou
douresque a lithe, humor-lit Mephis
topheles; Pandolfini has done well In
every thing except "Faust," and Ben
saude, by his versatility and staying
powers, unaided has held up the bary
tone end of the casts with honor. Bon
'* nard, although not at his best in the
• opening scenes of "Carmen," gave a
splendid Don Jose before the perform
ance was over, and instantly took rank
as the best tenor of the company. With
the exception of the one disaster al
ready mentioned the season, so far as
It has gone, has been a vigorous suc
cess. Quite naturally It has been a
stirring event in San Francisco, and
the newspapers have devoted pictorial
: and reportorial attention to it that,
would he deemed excessive in the
greater cities of the East. But for a
long time real opera has been very
rare with us. and almost any amount
of enthusiasm (journalistic and other
wise) may be pardoned on this occasion.
We can become more urban after a
while. Mr. Ellis has given San Fran
cisco a permanent place on his map
and Grau is watching us with a kindly
eye.
» • •
This, the second and last week of the
Ellis season, will open to-morrow night
with "The Huguenots," employing, as
far as the resources of the company
admit, an "all-star" cast. Melba will
be the Marguerite, Gadski the Valen
tine. De Lussan the L'rbano, Ceppi the
R'aoul, Boudouresque the Marcel, Ben
saude the Nevers and Rains the St.
Bris. With these singers and the great
orchestra and chorus the ensemble
should be tremendous.
On Tuesday night "Bnheme" will be
repeated with practically the same cast
as before. Its triumph of last Wednes
day night is now a matter of local his
tory. <•:
Another success, "Aida," will be re
peated Wednesday night, with Gadski
and Ceppi in the cast.
Thursday night will be a big one, for
then Melba will sing for the first time
here a role In which her fame is largely
i identified— Juliet in Gounod's setting of
Shakespeare's love tragedy. Bonnard
will be the Romeo.
De Lussan will repeat her vivid
Carmen on Friday night. For the fare
well Saturday matinee a double bill of
"Lucia" and "Pagliacci" will be given.
Chalia will again be heard as Nedda in
the Leoncavallo piece, a part In which
•she made a vital hit last Tuesday night.
Melba will sing Lucia. We heard her
last season in the "mad scene," and can
safely anticipate some matchless feats
in coloratura singing.
The suggestion offered in an earlier
issue of The Call, that Seppilli and the
orchestra give a Sunday night concert,
will probably be acted on. If so Gadski
will sing from the Wagner operas that
we were compelled to miss.
ASHTON STEVEN'S.
Jhe Columbia.
We will have both kinds of opera In
town till? week, for our old popular
friends, the Bostonlans, open at the Co
lumbia to-morrow night. Their comic
opera is "Rob Roy," written by De
Koven and Smith, an established favorite
in the East, but brand new to us. The
story of "Rob Roy" has more or less to
do with Scott's romance of the same
name. The composer ls credited with
having caught the local atmosphere and
written some music that is quite as tak
ing, if indeed more ambitious, than tbat
of "Robin Hood."
• Mac Donald will be the chief of the Mac-
Gregor clan, Wiilian I^avln will be the
" Young Pretender, Jessie Bartlett Davis
will be the Flora Mat Donald, daughter of
' the chief of the Clan Donald, and Henry
Clay Barnabee, tin* juvenile prodigy, will
be the provost, MacWheeble. Helen Ber
tram, who is now the leading soprano
( f the organization, will appear as the
Provost's daughter, and Frothingham
" will be his henchman, Taminal Mac-
Sorlie. William Broderick, Josephine
Bartlett and Harry Brown will appear
•-respectively as Lochiel of Cameron, Cap
tain Ralph Sheridan and Sandy Mc-
Sherry.
The Bostonlans have long been star
favorites in San Francisco. Their per
formances arc clean, musical and attrac
,'. tlce, and even the big opposition of Mis
sion swept will not __e?p gO9<X. ftH^enc^
By Ashton Stevens.
: away during the first week. After that '
they have everything their own way.
Ths /\!caza-.
"Nerves," a farcical three-act comedy
from the French of "Les Femmes Ner
veuses," by J. Comyns Carr, will be
played by the stock company of the Al
cazar this week. Feminine nerves are
made the base of excuse of two very pet
ulent dispositions fostered by Mrs. Cap- <
tain Armatage and her mother, Mrs. Brit
tle. The former, though hardly out of her
honeymoon, with everything to live for,
possesses one of the most disagreeable
dispositions imaginable. The mother is
even worse than her spoiled daughter, and
to the husbands home and life is not j
worth the living. What devilment the
young woman does not invent herself the
old one does, and so on it goes, that two
families are in a turmoil all the time and |
several servants and others that cross
their path are drawn into the web of do
mestic discord. Two acts are thus taken
up. The last act finds the tables com
pletely turned around, for the young Mrs.
Armatage in a fit of temper writes a love
note to a certain French confectioner, and
when it is found out and she discovered
In his apartments by her husband and
mother the real climax is reached, and
when the curtain rings down two very
much penetent women fall into 'heir hus
bands' arms vowing that a husband is a
pleasure as well as a necessity.
Jhe TiVo
"The Mikado." Gilbert and Sullivan's
most popular satire, will be revived at
the Tivoli this week. The cast will In
clude Anna Lichter as Yum- Yum: Annie
Mvers as Pitti-Sing: Ida Wyatt as Peep-
Bo; Bernice Holmes as Katisha; Phil
Branson as the Mikado; Gerald Gerome
as his wandering minstrel son, Nanki-
Poo; Edwin Stevens in his creation of
Ko-Ko; William Pruette as lord high
everything else. Pooh-Bah; William
Schuster as Pish-Tush. the noble lord,
and Fred Kavanagh as Knee-Ban, Ko-
Ko's attendant. During holy week Balfe s
ballad opera, "The Bohemian Girl, will
be sung. :
jKe Grph2\jrr.
The new week's b..l at the Orpheum In
cludes five new acts. Mr. and Mrs. Robyns
come with their little comedy, "Straight
Tip Jim," which is credited with having
made the Eastern vaudeville hit of the
season. The Gypsy Quintet are said to be
about the best in their class that have
ever appeared at the Orpheum. Charles
King, the famous tenor of "The Little
Church Around the Corner," is one of the
stars of the quintet. The D'ArteS come
from the FoUes Bergere, Paris, and in
their line are said to be very clever.
Barmes and Sisslon come with a new act
introducing new songs and dances. Percy
Henri is a musical specialist of note.
The hold-overs include the Pantzer Trio.
Troubadour Trio, J. W. Wlnton and the
Twins Marco.
The Alhambra.
-.-...A--- *
Agnes Herndon. a well-known emo
tional actress, will commence a starring
engagement to-morrow evening at the Al
hambra Theater. In the play, "La Belle
Marie," she will be teen as Jean Ingle
side and Marie Dubois, characters in
which for years she has been famous In
the East and in which she has appeared
fully 2000 times. Miss Herndon la a very
handsome woman in possession of a mag
nificent wardrobe. Another new comer
will be Albert A. Andrus, a new leading
actor, who has met with hearty recogni
tion in the East. The cast will include
Laura Alberta, Florence Rossland, Grace
Pierce, Violet Dale, Joseph L. Treacy,
Thomas Doyle. Charles L. Swain, DcWitt
Clinton. Edward O'Connors and the full
strength of the Eastern Stock Company.
]"_.£ Olympia.
The Olympla has a big card In Sig.
Antonio "Vargas, the operatic singer, who
will appear In selections from light operas
and popular songs. Dv Bell, the aerial
artist. Is another, and Querita Vincent is
a great favorite. She has new songs tot
this week.
The Ghu.es.
At the Chutes Free Theater a remark
ably good bill will be presented this week.
Charles Sauvell and his colored quartet
will sing jubilees and "Banks of Wa
bashes" and other useful and entertaining
ballads. Sherman and Morrissey, acro
batic comedians, will continue to stand
on each other's faces while performing
on the trapeze, and the four Miltons. who
are very clever musicians, will vary their
saxophone quart. William Howarde,
monologise though not bo good as Dock
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holder*. Mac Donald
and Crane.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
PEIA/EY OF MANILA.
DblA/tY QF MANILA.
TO-MORROW EVENING-First Appearance of
The Great Emotional Actress
MONES HERNDON,
Supported by the Popular Romantic Actor.
ALBERT A. ANDRU6S
And the Alhambra Eastern Stock Company
In a Superb Production of
"LA BELLE MARIE"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
fr_c.9_J.tta, »c. -a-a^a-ft - _-,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI., SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
stader, tells old stories In a new way.
Ethel Lynwood, the "human knot," will
twist and contort for her last week. Emil
Markeberg will make a balloon ascension
and parachute drop this afternoon, and
next Thursday night the amateur cake
walk will be repeated.
Rosenthal and J-*_cLaren
Moritz Rosenthal, the pianist, will give
two farewell recitals at the Grand Opera
House on the afternoons of April 25 and
26. The prices will be made popular on
this occasion.
Lan McLaren will shortly lecture In San
Francisco under the direction of S. H.
Friedlander.
■ ♦ ■
Lew Dockstadter of Primrose and Dock
stadter's American Minstrels was one
day talking to some plckanninies, and
ask'd' „.f<». Rastus jby name, what he
would do if he were in a boat with hi*
mother and a big watermelon, and the
boat should upset; which he would save
first, his mother or the melon. With eyes
gazing at the sand which a restless big
toe was plowing, the boy slowly replied:
"I would save my mammy first, kase I
know de watermelyon would float."
Little Egypt.
"Been married? I should say not!'" was
the quick, terse but polite answer of
"Little Egypt," who is to fill an engage
ment at the Chutes with her company of
Turks.
"An Egyptian?" she repeated in answer
to a query. "I should say not. My
mother was an English governess. Ever
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co.. Inc., Lessee.
LAST WEEK OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPHONY OBCHBSTBA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet.
Evening Performances at 8 sharp. Matinees
' at 2.
REPERTOIRE:
Monday, March _», "Les Huguenots," In
French. Joint appearance of Melba, De Lus-
san and Gadski. No advance in prices for this
rcrfoi manco. Tuesday. March 21, last perform-
ance of "La Boheme" in Italian, with Melba
and De Lußsan. Wednesday. March 22.
"AIDA " with Gadski, Olltzka and Ceppi.
Thursday, March 23, "Romeo et Juliette" in
French First appearance here of Mme. Melba
as Juliette. Friday. March 24, last evening
performance, "Carmen," in French, with De
Lussan and Gadski. Saturday afternoon, last
Matinee, Double Bill. "Lucia" in Italian, with
M»lba aa Lucia, and "Pagliacci" in Italian,
with Chalia. ' "', -<*'-* -*"
PRICES— BS. |-»*B3, 82. according to location.
BOX SEATS. 10. A limited number of General
Admission Tickets, 82. General Admission to
Gallery. 81. •
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING. AT 8:10. LAST TIME.
The Comedy Opera,
"THE PRETTY POACHER"
Brimful of Mirth and Melody.
TO-MORROW EVENING— The Ever-Popular
Opera,
.THE MIKADO.
"FOR HE'S GOING TO_MA-*_RY YI"M-YUM."
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular Price* 25c * i 60c
N B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee...... !__
; ' - -= iC^yjXe,epbo_tf.. f 9."; •.;**£
'go to school? Not a day. My mother !
taught me at home, and with her other .
pupils, when occasion admitted. How did
I get the name of 'Little Egypt?' The
Khedive of Egypt gave me that name ;
because I was so little and succeeded so !
well ln taking off his favorite Egyptian j
dance.
"Traveled?. Well, some. Egypt, through :
Syria, London, Paris, Berlin and exten- :
! sively through the Eastern States. No,
! I have never been West before. Oh, yes,
i I like the Western people. .1 " ■
"No, Indeed, I did not dance at the
S Seeley dinner party upon the table In a
• nude state, as reported. I was barefoot,
i and danced upon the table for the amuse
i ment of the guests, in white tights and
I gauze dress.
"Ever get in Jail? Oh. no. Officers
have often stopped my dance, and I have
: been arrested; but they always let me off,
'. because I am so little and Inoffensive
looking, 1 guess. yyvy
"I had a proposal from 'Swiftwater
j Bill.' the Klondike bonanza king, in
! Seattle. Keally. he wanted to marry me,
| and said he would give me my weight in
I gold, but seemed to be a little surprised
'■ when he found that I weighed 106 pounds,
but said he would stand to the offer, and
! I may yet take him up, as I am going to
. the Klondike next summer with my com-
I pany." * _ m
Jury Failed to Agree.
The case of Ah Sen, one of the five Chi
nese fishermen recently arrested by Con
stable Creed of Sausalito for illegal fish-
, ing in San Francisco Bt_y, was tried yes
terday in Sausalito before Justice J. S.
Belln.de. The hearing of the case occu
pied the entire day, much of the time be
' ing consumed In securing a jury. The de
fense decided to try each case separately,
and that of Ah Sen was chosen first. Dis
trict Attorney Hugh J. Mclsaac Mas as
sisted in the prosecution by Attorney J.
\v. Cochrane of San Rafael. The defense
was conducted by Attorneys A. Silva of
Sausalito and John Quinn of San Fran
cisco. The Jury was unable to agree upon
a verdict and was discharged. The sec
ond trial of the case was set for next
Wednesday morning.
Confidence Man Indicted.
The United State* Grand Jury yester
day indicted Charles Sanford Rounds,
San Francisco, Cal., Estab. J 887
I_P TWlr^Bl__r '* JT
_lf.„__c,_ 0 ? MODI DAY, "SSS. °'
COMMENCING V irlV//fi/« f f 1899.
H *#-***_ NEW AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN STARS AND -I €~>
Xi& HIGH-CLASS NOVELTIES! _JL_____l
....The Talk of Europe....
GYPSY QUINTETTE
CHARLES KING. Phenomenal Contra-Tenor; ALBERT BURTON. Tenor; CHARLES BAGU-
LET, Baytoae; LORRINE AMOUR, Soprano; ANITA MAONI. Contralto.
PERCY HONRI
World. Greatest Concerting.. -
aaaaaaa BARNES AND S/SSO/V
The Comedy Stars in Their New and Original Sketch. "THE SINGER AND THE MAID."
MR. and MRS. WILLIAM ROBYNS
The Noted Farce-Comedy Artists in the Laughable One- Act Play, __
"STRAIGHT TIP JIM." - - -
77jraE"DARTC5S.T. . . .
Parisian Sensational Dancers. Direct from the Folles Bergere. ■
J. W. WINTON PANTZER TRIO
The Ventriloquial Wonder. The Serpentine Contortionists.
TROUBADOUR TRIO THE TWINS MARCO
In New Repertoire. New Grotesque Comedy. -----
IMTIHgE Tp-PAY .SUHDAY), j_aich 19. "^ ! iZ^';^^.'
alias Charles Sanford, for altering Gov
ernment notes. Rounds is a "skin game
gambler, and was working the lock game.
He had with him several genuine dollar
bills, which he raised by pasting over
the "1" the figures "50" and "100," cut out
of Internal revenue cigar stamps, These
bills were used as dummies with which
to make bets and also' to be refunded for
good money whenever a victim threatened
to make trouble for him and his confed
erates. . teVr'--"
NATIONAL GUARD NOTES.
Accrued Armory Rent Bills May Be
Paid — Exempt Members of
the Guard.
The Senate bill appropriating a sum not
to exceed $30,000. with which to pay arm
or.* rents, armorers* salaries and other
bills which have accrued since the break
ing out of the war with Spain, has passed
both houses of tue Legislature and is In
the hands of the Governor- awaiting his
signature. '*■",_'■
Colonel Mac Donald. retired, Is a candi
date for the position of brigadier general
of the Second Brigade, to succeed Gen
eral Warfield in case there should be a
change. '
Captain Naptbaly, on the staff of the
Second Brigade, who was recently grant
ed a leave of absence, has returned and
reported for duty.
Certificates of exemption have been
granted to Captain L. H. Turner of the
Naval Militia. Like certificates have
been granted to V. Stowe and J. 08.
Gunn, honorary members of the Second
Division of the Naval Militia.
Lieutenant G. H. Frietas. Company D,
Sixth infantry, has applied for a certifi
cate of exemption.
Lieutenant Gunn of the Naval Militia,
who was sent Bast to attend a conven
tion of Naval Militia officers in Phila
delphia, and who was not heard from for
a long time, has at last written. He is
at present in New York city, where he Is
trying* to secure an appointment as cap
tain of one of the United States***T.rans
ports.
Maccabees Adjourn.
The Knights and the Ladies of the Mac
cabees held short sessions in the Lick
House yesterday morning and wound up
the business of each body. In the after
AMUSEMENTS.
noon, by Invitation of Captain Terry, a
large number of the representatives to
the two bodies paid a visit to the battle
ship lowa and were shown all that Is of
interest to be seen on board of that grim
monster.
TOO MANY DECEPTIONS.
Good Reasons Why an Insurance Pol-
icy Was Not Paid.
Underlying a decision of the Supreme
Court rendered yesterday is the implied
advice, "Do not try to deceive an insur
ance company." Mrs. Gertrude K. Bayley
sued the Employers' Liability Assurance
Corporation to recover the amount of a
policy on the life of her husband, /who
was killed by accident. In the lower court
she was successful In her suit.
The contention of the company was
that, first, the Insured had represented
that he had never been proposed and de
clined by any other company, and, second,
that he had never previously received
compensation from any other company on
a policy for accidents sustained. It was
conclusively shown that both statements
were untrue. The contention of the widow
was that at the time the statement was
made that Bayley had not received com
pensation for accident injuries the agent
of the defendant knew well that it was
false. And further, that knowing this and
accepting the money and issuing the pre
mium was a waiver on the part of the
company. ___• _"- "V
In a former decision by Justice Temple
the law was established in these words:
"Nor are misstatements fatal to the claim
of the plaintiff which the agent well knew
to be false when he made out the applica-
tion, received the money and Issued the
policy." This was all well so far as the
widow's claim went, but it was shown
that back of the knowledge of the com
pany's agent of one accident there was
still another accident of which the agent
knew nothing. In fact, the insured had
met with several accidents of which the
defendant had no knowledge, and on the
several deceptions the judgment of the
lower court was reversed.
A Fete for Children's Hospital.
The lady managers of the Children's
Hospital are busy in the preparation of a
fete to be held at Golden Gate Hall April
12 to April 15 inclusive for the relief of the
hospital.' Each night an elaborate- pro
gramme will be presented, in which the
best local talent will participate.
Booths will be in position at different
stations in the hall, from which sales for
charity will be made. It is intended to re
AMUSEMENTS.
"COLUMBIA THEATERT
TO-NIGHT-LAST TIME
Blanche Walsh and i. CCPfiQA
Melbourne MacDowell '** ILuUnM
MONDAY NIGHT
THE FAVORITES!
..BOSTONIANS..
Presenting De Koven and Smith's Romantic
Opera,
ROB ROY!
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cop. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
MORE GREAT EASTERN CARDS,
SIG. ANTONIO VARGAS
The Phenomenal Barytone.
Dv Bell g^a e t Dv Bell
The Aerial Wonder.
Overwhelming Success of
QUERITA V/ I CENT,
Th* New York Favorite.
In Al New Songs and Dances.
TEN ALL-STAR SPECIALTIES.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY.
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
414 Mason Street.
FIRST POPULAR SUBSCRIPTION CONCERT,
Under the Direction of MME. FABBRI-
M TELLER. ..-.._'.-
TO-NIGHT at g:l5 o'clock. v.yyV
Remaining Concerts Sunday Evening. April 2,
and Wednesday Evenings, April 12 and 26.
Season Tickets (reserved)..... $2
Single Concert Reserved Seats 50c and 75c
General Admission 50c. Ga11ery........ ,.250
serve one day as "Floral day.' and the
Interior will be adorned with the most
beautiful of flower decorations. £/.en
thing. therefore, points to success, and
the ladies say they will hold one of tne
most elaborate of charity bazaars ever
given in this city. Mrs. William Kohl or
San Mateo has generously donated tne
hall, and a handsome sum should be real
ized for the little sufferers at the Chil
dren's Hospital.
EASTERN STAR WORK.
Unusual Event in the History of
Harmony Chapter— Many Can
didates Are Initiated.
Last Friday night there was an unusual
event in the history of Harmony Chap
| ter of the Order of the Eastern Star in
] its. hall In the Native Sons' building. It
| was the initiation of sixteen candidates,
< among whom were Judge Frank H. Ker
i rigan, Hurlburt Fraser. Dr. Bryant of
': Stanford Parlor. N. S. G. W.; Mr. and
Mrs. Bauer and Mr. and Mrs. Knust, in
; the presence of more than two hundred
members of the order, including the
worthy grand matron, Mrs. Pierce, As
; sociate Grand Patron G. L. Darling and
representatives of all the local parlors
and of Oakleaf and Carita Chapters,
across the bay.*
The officers (with Mrs. Annie M. John
son, the worthy matron) who performed
the work were all attired in white, and
performed the ceremonies in a most cred
i liable manner. This chapter, In addition
to this work, balloted for nine candidates
and was presented with two applications
so that at the next meeting there will
be twelve more to take into the beauti
ful mysteries of the degree, three who
were to have been initiated last Friday
being unavoidably absent. *- •■' £■_ yyy-
At the close of the work there was an
Invitation to all present to accept the
hospitality of the chapter at a banquet
In the lower hall of the building. There
had been arranged a large table at toe
head of the hall with a number of oth
ers radiating from this as the rays or
the sun. The separate table? were deco
rated each with one of the five colors of
the order-red. white, blue, yellow and
green? and on each there , were corre
sponding floral pieces while a *** the
electric lights were shaded with appro
priate colored tissue paper. Prom pil
lar to pillar were many streamers of rib
bons of the five colors, and all over the
I room were innumerable clusters of flow
ers the most attractive niece being an
immense bunch of lilies. The menu «
an excellent one and was enjoyed the
j two hundred ladies and gentlemen who
occupied seats at the tables.
Verein Concordia's Election.
The Vereln Concordia, at a meeting
held .Wednesday evening in Norman
Hall 411 Bush street, elected the follow
ing officers: Paul Bail, president: Her
man Axt, vice president: Herbert Jaeger,
recording secretary: Theodore Reinke.
financial secretary; Edward W* rede, treas
urer F. F. Lord. Fritz Finnen. Jacob
Horn. Christian Stader and *»«**«»
Koch trustees, F. F. Lord .medical ex
aminer; H. Klauenberg. J^KHer. H.
Raaek, H. Lang- and Frank he* lv so
cial -nramitue, and Herman Hainke,
doorkeeper. _
Sutro Heights Anniversary.
The fourth anniversary of the institu
tion of Court Sutro Heights of the For
esters of America will be observed by a
grand ball to be given next Saturday
evening in Native Sons Hall The com
mittee has secured a fine orchestra and
a first class .programme of dances has
been arranged. This will be a strict y in
vitation affair, and the hatrcom will be
at the disposal of the guests.
Boneless Wonder.
ETHEL LYNWOOD is one of the most
remarkable contortionists in the
world. Human boa constrictor would
be the better name for her, as she
ties herself into knots and unties her
self as easily as the ordinary mortal
walks The average contortionist prides
himself on a back, a forward or a side
bend but Lynwood accomplishes them all.
When she "performs her first feat, walking
through her hands, she actually turns her
arms completely in the sockets. As the
arm turns under one hears a little snap
that in the ordinary person would mean
dislocation, but with Ethel Lynwood the
member slips easily and smoothly Into
Her height is five feet three inches,
weight 125 pounds, and withal she is one
of the few perfectly proportioned and de
veloped women. She is fleet of foot, wil
lowy of figure and with a rather small
head, crowned with short brown hair, and
admirably poised on square, broad shoul
ders that might easily cause a tinge of
envy to thrill the heart of many an ath
lete of the sterner sex.
In one respect she Is really built differ
ently from other people, for she has more
loose or floating ribs than the normal in
dividual, and this is a great advantage in
•her wor'_. She is a German Jewess, just
22 yea -i old. and while she Is not strictly
beautiful she has good features and
"makes up" most effectively.
"My success," says Miss Lynwood, "is
largely due to constant practice. I had
a natural love for athletic sports of all
kinds. Inherited from my father, who not
only taught gymnastics in a college but
was also uctor in a large turn verein
'in Germany. I was a small boned and
loose jointed child, and at an early age
developed a passion for all sorts of sports.
In this I was encouraged by my father,
who personally trained me. When I was
six years old I commenced my profes
sional career." ~
♦ The Sunday Call, 32 ♦
£ pages, delivered at your *
<$, home by mail for $1 50 <$
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. **•'
♦ *
"Mikp." said Plodding Pete, "did j-er
hear about Alaska?''
"Lots. Are you finking of de trip?"
"I dunno. I'se told dat daylight lasts
twenty-four hours at a stretch. El I could
git a job in dat locality as night watch
man I dunno but I'd be willin' to work."
—Washington Star.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR . THEATER.
TO-NIGHT A SOCIAL
(Sunday) - HIGHWAYMAN
TO-MORROW NIGHT
WE DEAL OUT FUN
The New York Lyceum Theater Farcical Hit.
NERVES
If a man wants to understand what
the nervous system is let him marry!
15c, 25c, re s 8 c e a v bd 35c, 50c.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL in theFREE THEATER
Last Week of
ETHEL LYNWOOD,
The 'Human Knot"; SHERMAN and MOR-
RISSEY, Acrobatic Commedlans; the FOUR
?MILTONS, Musical Comedians;
CHARLES SAWVELL and His
Colored Quartet; WILLIAM HOW-
ARDE. Monologlst. and NEW
MOVING PICTURES THIS AF-
TERNOON. Balloon Ascension by
MARKEBERG.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, So;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
SUCCESS IN 24 CITIES.
STEEPLECHASE
CENTRAL PARK, -Sight- tad Market.
Admission only 10c, cludin ***, " °™*-**- ,
Do as others are doing and ride THE GRAV-
ITY HORSES. Extra attractions ■ to-day;
Thrilling exhibition by the Imperial Japanese
Divers and Swimmers: William Kohl, the King
of Illusionists, in his mysterious act, Tha
Human Spider": 'Fuse Shooting -. Pieion
Range, Monster Rolling Barrel. Moving Stair*
etc. Open dally from Ip. m. to 11 p. a
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quieter.
Oats firm but quiet.
Corn and Rye still dull.
Hay remains unchanged.
Bran and Middlings weak.
No change in Beans or Seeds.
Another advance in Potatoes.
Onions unchanged.
Vegetables weaker.
Butter weak. Eggs easing off.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry due.
Good Apples and Oranges firm.
Dried Peaches and Apples advanced.
Prunes In steady demand.
Provisions slow.
Hogs weak under Eastern offerings.
Bank clearings gain slightly.
THE HAY MARKET.
The circular of Scott & Magner says of
Pay:
"Arrivals of Hay during this week have con
tinued moderate. The total quantity received
has been but 1564 tons. The market opened
up the first of the week very strong and ac- |
tive, and an advance on ail qualities waa
noted. The long looked for and welcome rain
that has at last reached the State has dis
turbed trading a little. It is expected by ,
many of the consumers that the rains should ;
have" a weakening effect on the Hay market,
but this expectation may not be realized to
any extent. The stocks of Hay on hand avail- |
able for the San Francisco market are con
sidered moderate, and it is still an open ques
tion what the course of the market may ]*»
when the weather again settles. The feeling
here at this time tends toward a steady
market."
The circular of George Morrow & Co. says:
"The rain caused wheat and barley to drop
good and hard. Oats ami hay are unaffected, !
because the visible supply Is so light that it j
is doubtful If both oats and hay do not be- j
come scarce before the new crops are avail- .
able. One must remember fills came near
being the second dry' year.
"The market has not wavered or weakened j
a particle. True the buoyant dry season has
happily been dispelled, but the demand con
tinues good."
STAPLE EXPORTS.
The values of certain staple exports from
the United States for February compare as
follows:
IK9S 1899
Breadstuffs $21,876,672 $20,873,773
Provisions 13.161.635 12,661,635 I
Livestock 3.224.692 1.724,692 I
Mineral oils 2.999.000 3.403,331
Cotton 12,926,463 17,326,463
Total : $54,188,362 $55,989,894
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of specie at this port by sea dur
ing the first two months of the year were
$5,556,014. against $4,017,786 during the same
time in 1898. and consisted of $108,860 in gold
bullion. $5,161,138 In gold coin, $242,881 in sil
ver bullion and $53,145 in silver coin. The
lion's -bare of these Imports came from Aus
tralia in the shape of $4,623,175 in gold coin.
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
There was a further shipment of £200.000
in English sovereigns from Sydney on the 14th
for San Francisco.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $16.
--422.651, against $15,823,089 for the same week
last year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 18, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 27.89 28.03
Red Bluff 0.00 14.91 12.08
Sacramento 0.00 11.19 8.05
San Francisco 0.00 10.12 7.52
Fresno 0.00 4.84 3.56
San Luis Obispo 0.00 10.2S 5.45
Los Angeles 0.00 4.00 5.04
San Diego 0.00 4.29 3.81
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Mamlmum temperature,
69; minimum, 4.".; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy ami somewhat threat
ening ever California north of the Tehachapl.
There has been no rain on the Pacific Coast
during the day.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the i
Northern California and Oregon coast during
the past twelve hours, and there are some
Indications of the approach of another storm
from the ocean.
Forecast made at San Francisco ror thirty
hours ending midnight. March 19:
Northern California— and probably
showers in the northwest portion Sunday;
fresh southerly wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Sunday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy; warmer Sunday.
Utah— warmer Sunday.
Arizona Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — and prob
ably showers Sunday; fresh southerly winds.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 18.— The change in
stock prices compared with yesterday was very
narrow. In the early trading prices drifted
downward, notably Continental Tobacco, • In
ternational Paper, Glucose, American Steel
and Wire, Brooklyn Transit, Burlington, Texas
•and Paclflc and Metropolitan Street Railway.
The movement seemed to be in the nature of
discounting an unfavorable bank statement,
for when it was published, showing a de
crease of over $4, 000.000. ln the surplus reserve,
but a contraction of some three and a half
millions in loans, a covering of soft con
tracts set ln. Metropolitan, Brooklyn Rapid
.Transit and most of the other stocks which
had shown earlier recessions were lifted smart
ly. Interest very largely centered in Sugar
again to-day, and the stock closed within a
• fraction of the high point, 172%, yesterday's
closing being 164%. Tennessee Coal and Iron
also showed Improvement on the day. There
•were declines of from fractions to 3 per cent
In Tobacco and some of the new Industrials,
'including Continental Tobacco, International
.Paper, American Tin Plate and American Steel
end AA'lre. The railways left off practically
on a parity with yesterday's closing. The
market closed strong and active.
The stock market was of a very professional
character throughout the week, with standard
shares generally receding, as did a number of
'unseasoned Industrials, but Sugar was marked
up over 30 points, with some Influence on cer
tain stocks. The money market was the all
Important Influence, call money averaging 4
per cent, although at one time it touched 6.
There was a reflex easing in sterling exchange
and a hardening of money rates ln all the
.markets. Banks were In receipt of urgent
requests for notes, especially* from .Western
banks, but the scarcity of currency here was
reflected in the payment early this morning
of 8 per cent of the customs duties in gold.
The payment of $6,000,000 to the Government
In partial payment of the Central Paclflc ob
ligation, together with the purchase of Chi
cago and Alton stock, for which a large sum
•was transferred to the former owners, were
partly responsible for the hardening ln the
money market. An unfavorable bank state
ment had been expected, and when it ap
peared there was some covering. The de
crease in surplus reserve of over $4,000,000 was
thought to be largely due to those special
transactions. The uncertainty at this season
regarding winter wheat, together with predic
tions that February net traffic returns would
,not be up to expectations, had a depressing
■Influence in the railways. On the other hand,
earnings for the flrst week in March showed
"an increase of about 1 per cent. The de
crease of some eight and a quarter million
dollars in value of the excess of the Febru
ary exports, compared with last year, was a
subject of comment ln relation to our foreign
"trade situation, but that it was showing in
crease ln tho exports of manufactured articles
•was the source of gratification.
The signing of the peace treaty by the Queen
Regent of Spain being expected, caused, no
response in the market. The industrials and
specialties were more prominent in the deal
ings than at any time hitherto. All the ad
vances of note were made In securities of this
class, with Sugar the leader. This stock after
remaining comparatively steady suddenly
sprang into activity on Thursday on transac
tions of over a quarter of a million shares, rose
29% polnls above the price of the previous day,
reaching 170, and then reacted to 151, and on
Saturday it again rushed up to 172%.- Various
rumor? attended the remarkable movement in
Sugar. All these stories met prompt denial.
Among the other notable advances were New
York Air Brake 19%, Tobacco 13%, Brooklyn
Rapid Transit 7%, Glucose 7%, while Chicago
Terminal. Great Northern preferred. People's
Gas. Tennessee Coal and Iron and Iron and
Metropolitan Street Railway were up about 4
points each. The largest declines were Con
solidated Gas 6. Continental Tobacco 5%, Con
tinental Tobacco preferred 6. American Steel
4%. International Paper preferred 4%, -Third
Avenue 4. and Kansas City, Pittsburg and
Gulf 3.4. ■- ■■■-." '■• '. -'■' ' ' '
Business In bends decreased during the week,
with the market showing a yielding tendency.
• United States threes old, fours registered and
"the : new ! fours ' coupon advanced %, . and l fours
coupon registered, the fives and old fours cou
pon %In the bid. price. -•■"-■ . - '
Total sa4es of stocks .- to-day were 351,500
shares. Including the : following: 'Atchison
preferred. 21,051: Burlington, 21,350; Manhattan.
3331; Metropolitan, 6355; Northern Paclflc, j 5045;
Union Pacifio, 5760; do preferred. 6320; St. Paul,
i .680; Texas Pacific, 7720: American Steel and
Wire, 26.240; Federal Steel. 3370; do preferred,
6300; People's Gas, 13.420; Brooklyn Transit.
28,360; Sugar, 69,040; Tennessee Coal and Iron,
17,690.*
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21 |St L & S W 9%
Do prefd :.. -OH Do prefd JM*
Baltimore & Ohio. 69 St Paul Jf'/_
Canada Pacific... 85%! Do prefd HI
Canada Southern.. 67 St P & Om 9-
Cent Pac 50 I Do prefd -70
Ches & Ohio 26% So Railway 12%
Chi & Alton 170 So Pacific 34%
Chi B & Q 140% Do prefd ••-••••• «9»
Chi & E 111 67% Texas & Pacific .. 22%
Do prefd 120 .Union Pacific .... 44%
Chi %*. AY 15% No prefd 'SH
Chi md & L 8 U P D & G 124
Do prefd 42 | Wabash 8
Chi & N W 146% No prefd ........ 21%
Do prefd 191 Wheel & L E.... 11*4
C C C & St L.... 67% I Do prefd 31
Do prefd 96% Express Companies-
Del & Hudson 113% Adams Ex 112
Del L & W 164% American Ex ..,.141
Den & Rio 0 21% United States 54
Do prefd .72% I Wells Fargo 125
Erie new 14% Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd .... 38 A Cot Oil 36%
Ft Wayne 178 Do prefd 92
Gt Nor prefd ....193 Amn Spirits 13%
Hocking A'al 6% Do prefd 38%
Illinois Cent 114% Am Tobacco .......210
Lake Erie & W.. 18% 1 Do prefd 147
Do prefd 65 Cons Gas 216%
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co ....190
Louis & Nash .... 63% Col F & Iron 36%
Manhattan L ....1u4% Do prefd 97
Met St Rv 255% Gen Electric 117
Mich Cent 113 Haw Coml Co 77
Minn & St I. 53 j Brooklyn R T ....103%
Do Ist prefd 99 Intnl Paper 57
Mo Pacific 46% I Do prefd 82
Mobile & 0hi0.... 39% Laclede Gas 57
Mo X & T 13% Lead 33
Do prefd 38% | Do prefd 112%
.-. J Central 11l Nat Lin Oil 5%
N V Central 132% Pacific Mall 48%
N V Chi & St L.. 13% People's Gas lis
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Pullman Pal 157
Do 2d prefd .... 33 Silver Cert 60
Nor West 17%, Standard R & T.. 9%
Nor Amer 8% Sugar 171%
No Paclflc 49%! Do prefd 118%
Do prefd 77% T C & Iron 50%
Ontario & W 27 U 8 Leather 6%
Or R & Nay 45 Do prefd 71%
Or Short Line .... 42% U S Rubber 49%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 86% .Do prefd 115%
Do 2d prefd .... 62 West Union 94%
Pittsburg ISO Fed Steel 52%
Reading 23 Do prefd 87%
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Am S & W 60%
R G AY 35 Do prefd 101%
Do prefd 77% Or Nay prefd 72%
Rock Island 117 Pac Coast 44
St L __ S F 11% Colo Southern .... 7%
Do prefd 71 Do prefd 56%
Do 2d prefd .... 37% Do 2d prefd .... 45%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 107% J C 5s 118
V S new 46 reg 129 iN Carolina 6s 130
Do coup 129 Do 4s 104
U S 4s 111% No Pac lsts 116%
Do coup 113% Do 3s 68
Do 2ds 99% ! Do 4s 103%
U S 6s reg 112** V C & St L 45. .107%
Do 5s coup 1124 Nor & AA' 6s 130
District 3.66s 117 Northwestern c0n. 143%
Ala class A 109 I Do deb os 122
Do B 109 IO Nay lsts 11l
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 101%
Do Currency 100 O s Line 6s tr 128%
Atchison 4s 102% O S Line 5s tr 11l
Do adj 4s 82% Reading 4s 89%
Can So 2ds 109 (R G AY lsts 96%
C & O 4%s 99% St L & I M con 55. 111%
(hi Term 4s 99% St L & S F gen 6s. 123%
C & Ohio 5h 118% St P Con 166%
C II & D 4%s 104% St P C & P 15t5. ...122
D & R G lsts 108% Do 5s 120%
D & R G 4s 100% Bo Ry Ba 105%
East Term lsts 105 Stand R& T 65... 86
Erie Gen 4s 111% Term new set 35... 97
GH&S A6s 11l Tex Pac L G lsts..
Do 2ds 110 Do Rg 2ds 52%
II & T C 5s 112 i Union Pac 4s 104%
Do con 6s 110 UPD & G lsts.... 93%
lowa C lsts 109 Wabash Ist 5s 114%
La new con 4s 109 ' Do 2ds 96
L& N Unl 4s 95%, W Shore 4s 113%
Mo Pac con 6s 120% Va Centuries 83%
M K& T 2ds 67 ! Do deferred 9
Do 4s 93% Wis Cent lsts 69%
N V Central 15t5. .114 Colo Southern 45.. 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Choliar 33 Ontario 5 50
Crown Point 20 Ophir 110
Con Cal & A' 2 10 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 3 On
Gould & Curry 45 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada 125
Homestake 55 OOj Standard 2 25
Iron Silver 65 j Union Con 60 i
Mexican 80 1 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. j
Money— .Westlngh Elec 48 '
Call loans 3 ©3% Ed Elec Tel 197 :
Time loans 3%ti4 Atch prefd 60% :
Stocks — Bonds
Atch Top & St Fe. 20% | Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 171 | Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117 i Allouez Mm Co 9%
Bell Tel 353 ; Atlantic 3
Boston & Albany. .24s Boston & Mont 365
Boston & Maine... 170 Butte & Boston 89
I Boston L 87 Calumet & Hec1a..735
Chi Bur & Q 140% Centennial 46
Fitchburg 115 Franklin 24%
Gen Electric 117% Old Dominion...... 46%
Federal Steel 52 Osceola 90
Do prefd 87% Quincy 160
Mexican Central... 6 Tamarack 225
Ola Colony 201 AVolverlne 46%
Rubber 49% Parrott 45
Union Pac 44% I Adventure 13
West End 93 j Union Land 8
Do prefd 112 1
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEAA' YORK, March IS.— The Financier says:
The statement of the New York Clearing-house
banks for the week ending March 18 ls not as j
unfavorable as the changes at first sight might 1
indicate. The averages were made over a
period covering some unusually large opera
tions, and in addition to this the full effect of
the previous week's transfer of $6,000,000 of Pa
cific payments to the Treasury has been In- |
eluded In the current exhibit. This accounts
In large part for the decrease of over $6,000,000
ln specie reported, although it does not explain
the contraction In full, since one or more heavy ■
consignments of specie have been received from I
the AA'est in the meantime. The settlement of
the Chicago and Alton deal was responsible for |
a great deal of shifting of funds, and this ;
duobtless has had no small part ln determin- j
ing the character of the statement. An im
portant feature of the report Is the contrac
tion of $3,593,000 in loans, which In the last
two weeks have fallen off over $6,600,000. The
higher rates ruling in money perhaps Influenced
some liquidation, but the consummation of sev
eral Industrial deals and lessened Stock Ex
change transactions are to be taken into ac
count. The call of loans of course strengthens
the position of the banks. The decrease of I
$7.803**,500 In deposits lessened reserve liability;
more than $2,000,000, so that despite the loss of
$6 000,000 in cash the excess reserve ls only a
little over $4,000,000 less. It Is Interesting to
observe that there was a slight Increase ln
legal tenders, showing the effect of money that
i has been received from the Interior. While it
is idle to predict what forthcoming bank state
ments may show It is yet true that the banks
begin to recover from their spring contraction
about the' end of March and from that time
into the crop season accumulate funds rapidly.
The money market, therefore, ought to show
I decided ease within a very short time. The
decrease of over $500,000 in the circulation of
the banks last week certainly indicates a feel-
I Ing that the market ls not ln a dangerous con
dition, for If this were the case circulation
would expand rather than contract.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW' YORK, March 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here were extremely quiet and gener
ally heavy to-day. Americans were feature
less, a quarter to a half parity on fears of a
bad bank statement.
Tlntcs were 29% ; American coppers were
easy; Anacondas. 81 3-16. Discounts were firmer,
the margin of loanable capital declining.
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 18— Canadian Paclflc, 88%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 80%; Union Pacific
preferred, 80%; Grand Trunk, 7%; bar silver,
quiet, 27 9-16 d per ounce; money, 2%@2% per
cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March FLOUR— Receipts.
23,031 barrels; exports, 6811 barrels. Quiet but
firmer. . : -, .
Will-: AT— 71.200 bushels; exports,
6810 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 79% cf. o.
b. afloat to arrive. Options opened stronger
and were sustained all the morning by a de
mand from shorts, impelled by higher cables '
i and unfavorable weather news; closed firm at '.
I %ffj net advance. March, 78 13-16@79c; closed.
79c; May, 72%@72 11-16 c; closed. 72% c; July, 71% |
(a 71%!-; closed, 71% c; September, 69%(&61%c;
i closed. 69% c.
AA'OOI-— Steady.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady; Galveston, 16%@17c; Texas,
dry, 12% c; California, 18% c.
The market for metals was quiet, but with |
brokers the price for lead was $4 20 and copper |
$17 50917 75. The Metal Exchange Issued no !
circular to-day. -.-:.■■."
COFFEE— Options opened steady at un- !
changed prices, ruled very quiet and closed
dull, unchanged to 5 points decline; sales 5250 >
! bags. Spot coffee — dull and easy; No. 7 I
i Invoice. 6 13-16 c; No. 7 Jobbing. 6 11-16 c. Mild, |
dull but steady; Cordova, B@l4c.
SUGAR— Raw, barely steady; fair refining, !
3%c; centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, |
I 3%c; refined, barely steady.
BUTTER— 1222 packages. Firm.
Western creamery. 17@21c; Elgins, 21c; factory,
1_«14%C , _
EGGS— Receipts, 1786 packages. Quiet. West
ern 13c; Southern, 12% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
California : dried * fruits steady. - - .J _ ■-.* :.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7__*_%c;
prime wire tray, 8%*39 c; choice, 9%ig.'9%c; fancy,
»%®ioc. ■ ;,.„■_. . ;-__.*
PRUNES— 4@IOc. • . . •i . .
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12_j*14c; Moorpark. 13@-l7e.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@llc; peeled. 25©2_c.
CHICAGO GRAIN -. MARKET.
t CHICAGO, March Wheat | started sur
prisingly strong considering how weak lt was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
lat the close of the session last night. There
! were several reasons for the spurt of - buying
j with which trading commenced, but the most
important was the fact that the selling pres
| sure was greatly relaxed. This led a good
1 many operators to believe that the heavy li
quidation of the past three days had about run
Its course. Another strengthening Influence was
an advance of %d to %d ln the Liverpool mar
ket, whereas a decline had been confidently
looked for. Furthermore, the weather bureau
announced that a cold wave was threatening the
wheat fields in the Southwest. There were also
many bad crop reports, and as many were ac
companied by buying orders, the reports at
i tracted considerable attention. New York re
ported that foreigners were more inclined to
buy for export, American wheat being for the
moment the cheapest in the market. It was an
evening uu trade to a considerable extent and
shorts were in anticipation of an upturn Mon
day. May opened %c to lc higher, at 67%@67%c,
improved to 67% c, then reacted to 67%@67%c.
and closed at 67U(367%c.
Complete Indifference of the foreign market
to the decline here yesterday, together with
light receipts, strengthened corn. May im
proved %c to %c.
There was quite a large business In oats.
Free selling by longs, however, caused a re
action from the ton. May closed %c to %c
higher.
Provisions started at an advance, but near
the end of the session sellers found buyers well
supplied and the early gain was lost. May
pork left off unchanged and lard 2%c lower.
Ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
AVheat No. 2—
May 67% 67% 67% . 67%
July 66% 66% 66% 66%
Corn No. 2 — c
May 34% 34% 34 34%
July 35% 35% 34% 35
September 35% 35% 35% 35%
Oats No. 2—
May 25% 26 25% 25%
July 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
May 905 905 8 97% 900
July 920 9 22% 915 9 17%
Lard, per 100 pounds
May 5 35 6 35 5 30 5 30
July 550 650 5 42% 543
September 5 72% 5 72% 5 57% 5 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 470 470 4 67% 4 67%
July 4 87% 4 87% 4SO 4SO
September 495 495 4 92% 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull: winter patents. $3400360;
straights, $3 2003 30: clears, $3@3 10: spring
specials, $4@4 10; patents, $3 2003 60; straights,
$2 70®3 20; bakers', $2 20(32 30; No. 2 spring
wheat, 65067 c; No. 3 spring wheat, 61® 67c; No.
2 red, 67%@70c; No. 2 corn. 33%®33%c; No. 2
oats, 26% c: No. 2 white. 29®30e; No. 3 white,
28-,®_9%c; No. 2 rye, 54% c; No. 2 barley, 37®
47c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 17%; prime timothy seed,
$2 35; mess pork, per barrel, $8 85@S 90; lard,
per 100 pounds. $5 20*35 22%; short rib sides,
loose. $4 40®4 70; dry salted shoulders, boxed,
4%@4%c; short clear sides, boxed, $4 80(8-4 87%;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26 clover, contract grade, $5 65.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 17.000
AVheat. bushels 29.000 44.000
Corn, bushels 247.600 172. "00
Oats, bushels 225. 000 13.000
Rye, bushels 13.000 8.000
Barley, bushels 45,000 11.300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creame__es, 14®19%c: dair
ies, 11%<317c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 13c. Cheese,
steady; "creams, 10%012c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Titles— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 160.500 30,340
Duluth 83,245
Milwaukee - 14.000
Chicago
Toledo 11.667 22.000
St. Louis 5.000 19,000
Detroit 7. 577 1,533
Kansas City 17,500 50.000
Totals
Tidewater-
Boston 11.896 .......
New York 71.200 125,226
Philadelphia 5.339 259
Baltimore ....; 5,566 ' 8.000
New Orleans 43,036 796,000
Galveston 80,000
Totals
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July
Opening 5 3% 5 3% 5 3%
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
i Opening *• 70 43 15
Closing
I AVheat — „ „ „„ „_
Opening 20 «0 20 75
Closing •■"____________*
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, March Cotton, easy;
j middling. 5 13-16 c. •
NEW YORK. March 18.— Cotton, quiet; mid
dling, 6 5-16 c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 18.— Consols. 110 7-16; Sil
ver. 27 9-16 d; French Rentes. 102f 27% c. Wheat
cargoes off coast, buyers indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, easier. In some request, 3d
LIVERPOOL. March IS.— Wheat, dull; Wheat
in Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d.
CLOSE.
LIA'BRPOOL, March IS.— WHEAT— Spot No.
1 red Northern spring, steady, 5s 10% d; futures
closed higher; March, 5s 3%d; May and July,
5s 3%d.
CORN— Spot steady: American mixed new,
3s %d- American mixed old, 3s 6%d; futures
stead y"; March, 3s 3%d; May, 3s 3%d; July,
3s 3%d. . .
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady,
t HOPS— At London, Paclflc Coast, firm, £4 10s
@£4 15s.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, March 18.— The Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port for
the week were valued at $9,965,207. The ex
ports of specie were $1,053,455 silver and $5060
gold. Imports were $106,179 silver and $33,834
gold.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March IS.— enough cattle
were offered to-day to make a market, and
prices were' little more than nominal. ,
Trade In hogs was very slow, and prices de
clined s@loc. Fair to choice brought %'i 77%@
3 90- heavy packing lots, $3 504} 3 75: mixed,
$3 60T/3 85; butchers', $3 60@3 90; lights, $3 55®
3 85: pigs, $3 25®3 70.
The few lots of sheep offered sold at the
recent advance.
Receipts— 200; hogs. 19,000; sheep, 2500.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LO>W>ON, March 18.— At the wool auction
sales to-day 13,005 bales were offered, and in
cluded good lines of Queensland and New South
'■■ Wales greasy, which were In keen demand
I with Germany securing the finest grades. Good
Geelong and New South AA'ales were ln strong
demand, and finer cross-breds sold largely to
the Continent. The attendance was good.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 841^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 487
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — :,\,i^
Mexican Dollars — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— week closed quietly with no
marked change In quotations, either on or off
call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06%<ET1 10; milling
$1 12%®1 15 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December —
12,000 ctls, $1 12%; 2000, $1 12: 8000. $1 12%.
. Second Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 10. De
cember-2000. $1 12%; 4000. $1 12%. Seller '99,
new— 2ooo, $1 10.
Regular Morning Session— December—
ctls, .$1 12%; 46.000, $1 12%. May— $1 09%.
BARLEY— The market was quiet and not
particularly changed.
Exports from this port thus far this year
amount to 98,983 ctls, valued at $134,700, against
226,283 ctls at $260,957 in 1898.
Feed, $1 22%<&T 25; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— Seller '99. new
—2000 ctls, 89% c; 4000, 89% c.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— l2,ooo ctls,
89% c; 2000. SOc; 6000. 89% c. " ;*;,;"•
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Are still firm, but quiet. Offerings
are not large. .
Fancy Feed, $1 45 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 40@1 42%; common. $1 32%(fl 37%; Surprise.
$1 45®1 50; Gray, $1 35@1 40; Milling, $1 42% per
Ctl; Red, $1 50® 1 55; Black, $1 30@1 40.
CORN— Prices have not changed for a long
time. The demand is slack.
Small round Yellow. $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $11041112%; White.- $110; mixed, $107%®
1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 12%.
RYE— sl 10@1 12% per ctl.
BUCKAVHEAT— NominaI. . -r ,7/-
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 16,888 bbls Flour.
FLOUR— California family extras. $4; bakers'
extras, $3 Ss@3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3@3 65 per bbl. *fr
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 76
per 100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $« 56@9 85; in sacks, $6 3506 75,
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $425; Green Peas.
$4 60 per 100 pounds. . . , *
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay still remains the same, the rain having
checked any further advance, at least for the
present. There is a fair demand, which uses
up all arrivals. '. t_:.
Bran and Middlings are weak and unchanged.
BRAN— f2O@2l per ton. ,
MIDDLINGS— S2I®22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $26027 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31(33150; job
bing, $32032 50; Coeoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S®3O per ton: Cornmeal, $22 50
024 50; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 50020. :■'---.'
CALIFORNIA Wheat, $16 50018 75 ' for
good to choice and $15® 16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $14 60®
17 50; Oat. $14 50®16 50; Island Barley, $13 50©
15; Alfalfa, $10 50@12; Stock, $9011; Clover,
nominal.
OUTSIDE. HAY (from Oregon. Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, 14015 50;
Cheat, $12@12 60: Grass Hay. $1G®11: Oat, fl4®
14 60; Clover, flO 50011 50; Timothy, per
ton. :.*."
STRAW— 3SO7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Prices for all kinds remain undisturbed.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 75@1 85; Small AVhltes,
$2 10®2 20; Large Whites. $1 8001 90; Pinks.
$2 056-2 15; Reds, $3 25@3 35; Blackeye. $3 75®
3 So; Butters, $2 2502 50; Llmas, $3 65@3 75; Pea,
$2 25Ca2 50; Red Kidneys, . $2 50@2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 5004 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $3 75@4; Flax. $2 1502 25: Ca
nary Seed. 2%®2%c per lb; Alfalfa. B®S%c;
Rape. 2%®2%c; Hemp, 2%®3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 65@1 70; Green, $2©
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Another advance In Potatoes Is noted. They
are very stiff. Onions are unchanged. Vege
tables were lower, as arrivals were larger.
Receipts were 790 boxes Asparagus. 653 boxes
Rhubarb and 111 sacks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 50 per dozen.
POTATOES— SI 35@1 60 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 16©1 50 for River Burbanks: Sonoma and
Marin Burbanks. $1 40*31 65 per ctl; Oregon.
$1 20*31 30 for seed and $1 40<&1 73 for large;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for River and $1 7501 85 .for
Merced; New Potatoes, 3c per lb.
UNIONS— 4O(3SSu per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 3@4c per lb for
No. 2, 5c for No. 1 and 6(&"6%c for fancy; Rhu
barb. 75c® $1 per box; Green i Peas, s®6c;
String Beans, 12% c; Cabbage, 40050 c; Tomatoes,
$1 25@2 for Los Angeles and $1 2501 75 for Mexi
can; Egg Plant, — per lb; Garlic. B®9c per lb;
Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Peppers. 10c;
Green Peppers, ; Carrots, 25®35c per sack;
Mushrooms, " 10(g20c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME. -
Three cars of Eastern are announced for the
early part of the week.
The Game market continues dull. ;"-.-,':
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 14®16c: live
Turkeys. 12@13c for Gobblers ' and 12013 c for
Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 50®2; Goslings, $2 25
02 75; Ducks, $5-36; Hens, $5@6; young
Roosters, f7®B; old Roosters, $5@6; Fryers,
$•*-.; 7 Broilers, $5 5006 for large. $4®., for
small: Pigeons, $1 50® 175 per dozen for old
and $2 25®2 50 for Squabs.
GAME-Gray Geese. $3: White Geese. $1;
Brant, $I@l 50; Hare, $I@l 25; Rabbits, fl oO
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are easing off under more liberal ar
rivals, and previous prices can no longer be
obtained. Butter continues weak, though there
ls no further decline. /
BUTTER— /
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 21@22c; seconds,
20c
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades. 15®16c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 16®Lc; pickled roll.
14®16c for dairy and 16@17c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 19c. * ____*„
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13%@14c per
lb; Elgin, nominal. 1;
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11011% c; old. 10
®10% c; Cream Cheddar, 12(312%c; Young Amer
ica.' 11%@12%c: Eastern. 10012 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14®15c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market for all kinds stands about the
same. Fine Apples and Oranges are ln light
stock and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
ADples, 75c@fl 25 for common, fl 50@1 75 per
box for No. 1 and $202 50 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25®3 50
per box; Seedlings, $I@l 75; Mandarins. ;
Lemons. 76c@$l 50 for common and $_®2 50
for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $4 50*35; Cal
ifornia Limes, 75c. j$l per small box; Grape
Fruit, $2*B*3 ; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2i&4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Honey ls still firm at the good prices. The
southern crop will probably be a failure, but
the central and San Joaquin output will be
fair. 7.7 -.."''-'-
Another advance In Apples Is noted, and sup
plies are steadily growing smaller. Peaches are j
also stiff and tending upward. Prunes are ln
steady demand.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's. 4% 0
6c for 50-60* s. 4(g4%c for 60-70*s. 3%03%c for '
70-80*8, 2%@3c for 80-90's, 2%@2%c for 90-100' s
and 2c for 100-110's; ) Sliver Prunes. - — ;
Peaches, 8%@9%c for good to choice, 10c for ;
fancy and for peeled; Apricots, 12%®15c for j
Royals and for Moorparks; Evaporated
Apples, B%@9c; sun dried, 6©5% c; Black Figs,
sacks, 2©2% c; Plums, nominal, 2c for un
pitted; Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three- ;
crown, 5%c for four-crown. 4%(56c for Seed- i
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and j
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, 80
9c for hardshell. 11012 c for softshell; Almonds.
7@Sc for hardshell, 13014 c for softshell, 15017 c
for paper shell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and
4%(g5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb. 10011 c for bright and Bf»9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7%@
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5©5% c
per lb.
BEESAVAX— 2SO27c per lh.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues In the same old groove,
and prices are unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 808% c per lb for
heavy, B%'S9c for light medium, 10%.gile for
light. 12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; Cali
fornia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12012 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $13 50; Family Beef, $14 600
15; extra prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear, $17 50;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 4%®6%c per lb for
compound and 7©7% c for pure; half-barrels,
pure 7%®Bc: 10-lb tins, B%c: 6-tb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lh palls. 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lt> palls, 6 ln a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins' 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOHB.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 808% c; Cow
hides, B%(S9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and A'eal, 16c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10030 c each; short
Wool, 36060 c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7502 25 for
large ana <! for small; Colts, 25050 c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 5002 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%©3% c per lb;
No 2 2%@3c; refined, 4%©5 c; Grease, 2@2%c.
AVOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months 7(&9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months* 809 c; Foothill and Northern free. 100
12c- Foothill and Northern defective. 9©Uc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14015 c; Nevada. 100
12c; Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools— ,' ; , _ «,n
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 011
Northern Mountain _ S-,_
Southern ' % „*
Plains -••; 6 .-.°- 7
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10©llc per lb for ordinary,
12©12%0 for good and 13015 c for choice to fancy
from first hands. ~-
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The "Hog market is weakened by offerings of
half a dozen cars of Eastern stock, but the
depression Is believed to be merely temporary.
Beef ls steady. The other descriptions show no
new feature. .•;:.-•■•
AVhoies'ale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Sc per lb. __ * -.^7 7
VEAL— Large. 6%©7% c; smalh 8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B©S%c; Ewes,- 8c per Ib.
LAMB-Sprlng, 11012% c per lb. . .
PORK-Llve Hogs, 5%©5% c for small. 5%c for
medium and 5©5% c for large; stock Hogs, 4%
05c; dressed Hogs. 7@B%c.
. GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%©5% c for
June and July; AVool Bags. 26@2Sc; San Quen
tin Bags, $4 55. •" .;% '■;■■"
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
in sacKs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Catinel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
SALMON— Alaska Salmon Is quoted at $1©
1 05 per dozen f. o. b. on carload lots.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week i
there have been eight arrivals of coal from
Washington, with 18,994 tons; four from British !
Columbia, 11.821 tons; two from Australia, 5333 j
tons; one ' from Oregon, 400 tons; total, 36.550 1
tons. The amount at hand and quantity to be ]
consumed - for domestic and steam uses this ,
week are Just about equal, hence the stock in
yard need not be disturbed. Business generally
In the fuel line Is fair, as the stormy weather
this week has called for liberal deliveries, for
domestic purposes. AA ashington has been a tree
shipper this week and has benefited materially
by the small quantity of foreign coals arriving
for the past several months. The storm of this
week has Isjcreased household consumption
largely, delivery wagons have been on the run
filling orders. The general liberal rainfall
throughout the State has changed entirely the
future aspect of the coal market, as ship
owners will now solicit charters to carry for
eign fuel here, where last week they demanded
fancy figures for the business. Already oruers
are being sought after at a generous discount
on the asking rates prevailing a few weeks
ago." :-'•'. : ~ ••■; .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated. 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5%c; Con
fectioners' A. ".%c; California A. 4%c; Magnolia
A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden C. 4^_c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes, %c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, March 18.
Flour qr sks .... 16,930 Chicory, bbls .... 25
Barley, ctls 4,130 Shorts, sks 230
Corn, ctls 15 Mustard, sks 225
Rye, otls 930 Quicksilver, flks. 14
Cheese, ctls 32 Hides, No 334
Butter, ctls 290 Pelts, bdis 40
Tallow, ctls 267 1 Eggs, doz 21,780
Beans, sks 686 Straw, tons 7
Potatoes, sks ... 1,496 j Hay, tons 414
Onions, sks ISO Leather, rolls .... 245
Bran, sks ....:.. 1,150 Wool, bales ..... 156
Alfalfa Seed, sks 23.1 1 AA'lne. gals 22,250
Sugar, sks 3,600| Middlings, sks .. 120
Sugar, bbls 451 .
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 15,800|Oats, ctls 5.130
Wheat, ctls 1,700 1 Shorts, sks 1,250
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 460 1 Onions, sks 20
Flour, qr sks I.6So|Bran, sks 1,700
> NEVADA.
Hay; tons 201
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks opened firm and sold rather
better than on the preceding day. but weak
ened off again and closed lower.
In local securities the sugar stocks led -in
activity, the other stocks being quiet.
The Golden Eagle Mining Company of Nevada
has levied an assessment of %c per share,
amounting to $4000, for the purpose of paying
for the erection of a concentration and cyanide
plant of twenty-flve tons dally capacity.
The Marina Marlscana Gold Mining Company
of Shasta County has levied an assessment of 5c
per share, delinquent April 17.
The Texas Gold Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 15c .per
share, delinquent May 15. , -
The official report of the operations in the
Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie for the
week ending March 11 states that on the 318
level raise No. 3 shows 36 inches of low-grade
ore, the north drift 40 Inches of low-grade ore
and raises Nos. 5 and 7 respectively 14 and 24
inches of fair-grade ore. The east crosscut in
the Black ledge, same level, has passed through
the vein, which is badly broken and contains
$7 to $8 ore at that point. On the 528 level
winze No. 1. In the Maguire ledge, shows 5
Indies of fair-grade ore. On the 470 level the
raise is in fair-grade ore. The stopes on the
150, 270, 318. 336, 470 and 552 levels are yielding
the usual amount of fair to good ore. On the
270 level the ore in No. 2 north stope is still
high grade and Is yielding a liberal quantity.
At the mill a total of 115 tons of ore was
crushed for the week. The mill was closed
down a part of the time, as they were put
ting in a new receiver at the electric plant
at Green Creek. Average assay vanner tail
ings. $12 75*; concentrates produced, 1 ton; assay
value, $154 77; plate amalgam produced, 925%
ounces; value per ounce, $2 89.
The Hutchinson Plantation Company will pay
a dividend of 25c per share and the Spring A'al
ley Water Company one of 42c per share to
morrow.
The Giant Con. Powder dividend of 50c per
share was paid on the lf.th inst., the Eastern
Dynamite of $1 per share on the 17th and the
California Powder of $1 per share will be paid
to-morrow.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 18—12 m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bonds— | Equit G L Co. 3 9%
4s quar coup.. — Mutual El Co. — 16
4s quar reg.... — — Oakland Gas .. 49 50
4s quar new... — 129% Pac Gas Imp. 84% —
i3s quar coup. .107 % 107% Pac LCo — 48%
Miscellaneous — . its F G & E... 84% 85
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 116 San Fran 3% —
Cal Elec 126%1_"7% Stockton Gas.. — 14
C C AA'at 5s 108 — Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Flrem's Fund. 22o —
E L & P 65.. 150 — Bank Stocks—
F &Cl Ry 65.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1.. 257 258
11 C A S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98 98%
LAL Co 69..— — First Natlonl.22o 225
Do gntd 65.. 100% — Don P & A...129%133
Market. u5. .127%— Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.115%115% Nev Nat 8k...177% —
NCN G X 75.107 — Savings Banks-
N Ry <*al 65..113%114% Ocr S & L... — -1675
N Ry Cal 55.. 112% 113% Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. — 107 Mutual Say. — 41%
NPC R R ss. 102% — IS F Say V.. 500 —
N* Cal R R 55. 100 — |S & L 50.... — 101
Oak-Gas 55. ...109 111 Security S B 300 i.".0
inn C Ry 65. .12-%— Union T C 0. .1457% . —
P & Cl Ry 65.. 108 — Street Railroads—
Pa O 65.' ....117 — (California, ....112 —
Powell-st 65...— 121% Geary * 45 —
Sac El Rv ss. — - -Market-st 64% 64%
SF& N P 114% - oak SLAB.- —
SF & S ,U»55.115 — I Presidio 11 12
SlerraßCal 65.104%105% Powder—
S }' 0 Ar 65. .11-' 312%, California ....ISO 200
SPC 6s (1903)113%114% X Dynamite... 96 -
3 P C 6s (1906) — 116% I Giant Con Co. 60% 61%
3PC 6s (1912)122%— Vlgorlt -2% 3
SPCIs eg 53.105 — I Sugar—
SPBr 6s 124**126 Hana P C 0.... li% 17%
S V Water 65.116%117% Haw C & BC. 78 —
S A' Water 45.103%103%:Hutch S P Co. 32% 33
S V AV4s(3dm)lol%lo2 i Paauhau S P. 40 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 i Miscellaneous
Water Stocks- 'AI Pac Assn.. 108% -09%
Contra Costa.. 63% 63% Ger I>i AVk5...250 —
Marin Co W - .Mer Ex Assn.. 90 -
Spring Va11ey.102%103 oceanic S Co.. ... 7..%
Gas and Electric— .Pac A F A.... — 1%
Capital Gas... — - Pac C Bor C 0.106 —
Cent Gaslight. - - Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P.. 7% — I
Morning Session.
Board ,__»«,_
- 70 Alaska Packers' Assn 109 00
60 Contra Costa Water 63 aO
80 Equitable Gas ■' -■'
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 M
SO Hana Plantation Co L : '-z
21" Hana Plantation Co .... 17 . ■•
136 Hana Plantation Co, s 90. li 6-%
15 Hana Plantation C0^a.50....... 1. ■>"
100 Hawaiian Commercial & sugar .!> w
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 8 2..
6 Pacific Lighting « ;■'_'
5 Pacific Gas Imp »* -£
20 Paauhau S P Co 40 12%
15 Paauhau S P Co, cash 40 12%
85 Paauhau S P Co, cash 4000
185 Paauhau S P Co • *0 ?.,.
40 Spring Valley Water 102 62%
$1700 1." S 3 per cent bonds 10/ to
f Street— „„_
10 Equitable Gas 3 -»
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board- tion _  „
40 Hutchinson Plantation Co 33 TO
60 Hana Plantation Co L J?' 2
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 Z»
20 Market Street Railway 64 J,:*"
$3000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 103 io
30 Paauhau S P Co 40 2_
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 15 1 200 Kentuck 13
100 Andes 22 1 100 Mexican M
100 Belcher ........ 36 j 300 Mexican ... 83
60«) Belcher 37 ' 100 Occidental ..... 30
TOO Challenge 40 1 1050 Ophir :...l 25
100 Choliar 42 I 600 Overman ...;... 14
100 Con Cal & Va.2 25 400 Potosi 33
200 Crown Point... 26 205 Potosi 34
100 Crown Point... 27 100 Savage 34
300 Gould & Curry 48 100 Sierra Nevada. l 35
500 Hale & Norcrs 38 200 Yellow Jacket. 28
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: :■-:•_"-'-.
Morning Session. 'Vyyy
500 Alta 101 400 Gould & Curry 45
600 Alta 15 1 400 Hale & Norcrs 37
600 Andes 22) 500 Julia 03
900 Belcher 37 1000 Julia 04
400 Belcher 36 1 500 Kentuck 11
300 Belcher , 35 i 250 Mexican 82
500 Belcher 34 | 700 Mexican 83
700 Belcher 33 1 300 Mexican 80
600 Belcher 32! 500 Ophir 122%
i 300 Best & Belcher 63 1 700 Ophir .....1
400 Be- 1 & Belcher 62 j 300 Ophir 120
300 Challenge Con. 44 1 200 Ophir 117%
300 Challenge Con. 43 200 Ophir 115
200 Challenge Con. 42 900 Potosi 33
600 Con Cal & Va.2 25 400 Potosi 34
300 Con Cal & V.2 22% 200 Potosi 32
700 Con Cal & Va.2 20: 400* Savage ........ . 33
600 Con Cal & A*. 17% 300 Sierra Nev...l 37%
730 Con Cal & A"a.2 15 200 Sierra Nevada.l 35
300 Con Cal & V.2 12% 600 Union Con .... 6?
300 Crown Point... 26 300 Union Con .... 61
300 Crown Point... 23 500 Utah 22
300 Gould & Curry 47 330 Yellow Jacket. 25
300 Gould & Curry 46 *
LOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 18—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Julia 04 05
Alpha Con ..... 08 09 Justice 2* 25
Alta 14 15 Kentuck ....... 15 —
Andes .......... 21 23 Lady Wash.... — 04
Belcher 32 33 Mexican ......... 76 77
Best & Belcher 60 61 Occidental 28 30
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 115 120
Caledonia 39 40 Overman .'. 13 xl 4
'hollar 41 42 Potosi .......... 32 33
Challenge Con. 41 42 Savage 33 34
I Confidence ..... 86 90 1 Scorpion ....... — 06
Con cal & Va.2 10 2 20 1 Seg Belcher .. 04 05
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra- Nevada. 30 135
Crown Point... 24 25 ; Silver Hill .... — 05
Con New York. 03 04 Syndicate — OS
Eureka Con ... 40 —Standard .......2 70 —
Exchequer — 04 1 Union Con .... 61 62
Gould & Curry 44 46 Utah 22 23
Hale & Norcrs 38 38 1 Yellow Jacket.. 25 27
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the
Name of Stock.
T.
\v.
T.
F.
Alpha
Mta •
\ndes
14
21
Belcher
Best and Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
challenge
"hollar
/on. Cal. and Va
Confidence ../. I
>own Point
3ould and Curry |
Kale and Not-cross —
Justice
Mexican
>phir
Overman I
[1 86
1 M)
or.
a
1M
a
57
37
32
4!
Accidental
l
■::
;
45 45
34 34
24 23
75 77
1 10 1 15 1
08 11
27 26
29 29
29 31
2 66 2 56 2
1 30 1 35 1
60 59
20 22
23 i 25
M
i
Potosl
?avage
standard
•Jlerra Nevada
,'nlon
'tan
fellow Jaiket
2 50
1 25
54
1
i 21
! 21
REAL ESTATE "TRANSACTIONS.
Co-operative Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Emma J. Scott (widow) lot on L line
of Tremont avenue. 293:6 S of Frederick street,
S 25 by E 80; $2975. _ _ „ .
William Lyons and Joseph T. Dunne and
Mao' A. Healey to F. W. Kern, lot on S line
of Thirteenth street, 70 W of Mission, AA 3-. S.
S 86, E to AA' line of Mission. N to a point __
S of Thirteenth, AY 70, N 32; $10.
Caroline Thies to Harry B. Belden, lot on E
line of Shotwell street, 110 N of Fifteenth, N _-
by E 122:6; $10. '' _ T
Harry B. and Susie L. Belden to Thomas L.
Henderson, same; $10. ■V ,-.„.„
Miguel. Vincent and Catallna Noe and cata
lina Spivalo to James Davidson, lot on a line
of Twenty-second street, 125 E of Guerrero, I*.
28 by S 114: $10. • __, .. __ „ '
Henry H. and May Adler to Benolt Hall
garten, lot on E line of Front street, 85 '»*•'"-
California, S 27, E 91:8, N 22:6. W 51:8, N 4.6,
Benolt Hallgarten to SeHna Hallgarten (wife)
Rose Greenfield, Tillle Mayer, Benjamin and
Samuel Adler, same; $10. ;.._,._
Paul Luslnchl to Lucia Lorenzi Lucia Lusin
chl. Jean B. and Paul A. Martini, lot on line
of Broadway, 75 W of Kearny street. AA 62.6, «
92. E 47:6, S 29. E 15. S 63; gift. _ . oIH . R
Walter S. and Jane Chambers to Robert K.
Thompson, lot on SW line of Spear street, --9.-
SE of Market. SE 15:10 by SAY 137:6; $10.
Josephine H. Krleg to George K. Fitch lot
on NAY line of Howard street. 410 SAY of Third.
SAY 40 by NW 80; $8200.
Ellen Smlddy (widow) to Mary Smlddy (sin
gle), lot on SE line of Perry street, 130 SAA
of Fourth, SW 25 by SE 80; gift.
Same to Timothy and Edward F Smlddy, lot
on NAY line of Silver street, 17- NE of Fourth,
NAY SO by Hamilton Etta E. Hamilton (sin-
James T. Hamilton to Etta E. Hamilton (sin
gle) lot on F line of Arkansas street. 400 «
of Nevada. N2sby E 100; $10. ' -_._,..«•_.
R. Beverly and Eugenic I. Cole to George
Vilas, lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 109.1
S of Lake street, S 50 by E 120: $10
George and Jane L. Vilas to R. Beverly- Cole,
lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 1-9:4 b of
Lake street, S 72:7 by E 120; $10. .„„„_
Lena and Adoiph Beshorman to J. L. AA ilson
and J.* F. Long, lot on SE corner of Forty
sixth avenue and T street. E 5c6 by 8 100. $10.
J. B. Bellegarde to Pierre and Celine Belle
garde, lot on NE corner of Fifth avenue and P
street, N 200, E 11:5. SE 212:9, W 86, block 86;
B Orlando T. Lemetj to Olive Yerkonteren, lots
104S, 1050, 1052 and 1054, Gift Map 2; $10.
Alameda County.
Carv Howard (administrator of estate of Wal
ter AY Blow) to Central Bank, all interest in
lot on SAY corner of Fifth and Harrison streets,
S 100 by AY 100. being lots 14 to 18, block 40,
Oakland; $3150.
Carl and Adele Grondona to Nicola Gron
dona. undivided half Interest In lot on N line
of Sixteenth street. 140 AY of Campbell. W 50
by N 115:7%, being lots 6 and 7, block 7398,
Oakland; $10. y~''U _ _... m
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to William
B Dunning, lot on SE line of Oakland avenue.
150:04 NE of Santa Clara, SE 159:09, NX ....
NAY 117.50. SW 76.42 to beginning, being lot 8,
block 1 Linda Vista Terrace, Map 2, Oakland;
AVilliam H. Mairs to James Cahill. jerecord
617 d 138, all Interest ln lot on W line of Myrtle
street, 100 N of Twenty-second, N 100 by A\ 122,
being the E 122 feet of lots 6 to 9, block 63..
map of Market-street lots, Oakland; $!■,,,,
H. A. and Christine S. Pleltner to AA illlam
and Mary Watkins. lot on W line of Fremont
avenue. 640 N of East Fourteenth street, N 100
by AY 140. being lots 29 and 23. block A, Linda
Rosa Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1700.
Lillian A. Dell to L. G. Burpee, lot on N
line of Thirty-fourth street. 376:8 E of San
Paid., avenue, E 50, N 140:9%, W 50. S 140:8%
to beginning, being lot 12, Cotter Tract, Oak
land: $10. _-_-_.
Josephine Shipley to Anna C. Klute. lot on
N line of Knox avenue, 549.60 W of Telegraph,
AY 45 N 112.17. E 45.01. S 112.06 to beginning,
being' a portion of Knox Park Oakland; $10.
Thaddeus E. and Annie J. Grimes to Ida E.
Porter lot on NAY line of Adams street, 2.4
NE of Perkins. NE 50 by NAY 120. being lot
20 block F, lands of Oakland A'iew Homestead
Association. Oakland (subject to mortgage for
"Grace G. Walthman'to Henry A. Pleltner.
lot on S line of Sixteenth (or Monroe) street.
286 AY of Fruitvale avenue. AA' 200, S 177, •- / 50 -
N 27 AA" 285 N 150 to beginning, being lots 9
to 13' and 17. block B, Church Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10. y-:--yy ________;
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograph c
Offlce. located In the Merchants Exchange -is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. .... ..__..» »v._
Navigators are cordially In vited to £MtJ]M
offlce. where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference and « he latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce. ,™
The time ball on the tower of the new .Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped *"
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal. /,„„„„„j
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
en time or giving the error, If any. is published
in the morning papers the following day. s
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Coos Bay Newport IMar. 19
Luetla Tillamook IMar. 19
Aloha Point Arena IMar. 19
Welllnßton Bay IMar. 19
A. Blanchard ..ICoos Bay Mar. 19
Progreso |Beattle Mar. 20
Crescent City... [Crescent City Mar. 20
Mackinaw ITaeoma IMar. 20
Colon ] Panama : IMar. 21
Hani '.1 Humboldt '. Mar. 21
Chllkat IHumboldt Mar. 21
Columbia IPortland Mar. 21
Corona iSan Diego IMar. 21
Weeott I Coos Bay IMar. 21
I^eelanaw iSeattle IMar. B
Willamette 'Seattle IMar. ?2
Bristol IDeparture Bay ]Mar. 22
Mineola jNanalmo Mar. 23
Orizaba Newport Mar. 23
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 23
Arcata JCoos Bay IMar. 23
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget SoundlMar. 23
Townsend Coqullle River IMar. 23
Pomona IHumboldt |Mar. 23
Santa Rosa :San Diego i Mar. 25
Doric [China and Japan IMar. 25
Ettrickdale iChina and Japan Mar. 25
State of Cal IPortland Mar. 26
North Fork | Humboldt jMar. 28
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
hilkat ....jHumboldt j Mar. 18, 2 pmiPier 13
late of Cal Portland JMar. 19, 10 timiPler 24
anta Rosa San Diego Mar. 19. 11 am[Pler 11
.capulco ..[Panama Mar. 20, 12 mjPMSS
omona |Humboldt Mar. 20, 2 pmjpier »
oos Bay... (Newport Mar. 21, 9 amiPler 11
. Blanch' d Coos Bay Mar. 21. 6 pmjpier 13
loha ! Point Arena..; Mar. 22. 3 pmiPier 2
.lameda ..Sydney Mar. 22, 10 pmiPier 7
ueen !Vlc A Pgt Sd.jMar. 22. 10 am|Pler 9
I'eeott : Vaquina Bay. iMar. 23. 10 am Pier 13
orona !San Diego I Mar. 23, 11 amiPler 11
oata Rlca.' ; Acapulco | Mar. 23, 12 mJPMSS
olumbla ..IPortland ,Mar. 24. 10 amiPler 24
rlzaba iN'ewport IMar. 2,">, 9 ami Pier 11
hina China &Japan |Mar. 25, Ipm PMSS
't. Arena.. Point Arena.. |Mar. 25, 3 pmjPler 2
.roata Coos Bay 'Mar. 25, 10 anVPier 13
I'alla Wall, Vic & P«t Sd. Mar. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Destination.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and I Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, : entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same 'at both places.
SUNDAY. MARCH 19.
Sun rises g-n |
Sun Bets '. 7777.776:21 !
Moon sets 7.7.1:40 a. m.
O Time Time
2. Ft. Ft.
<» H W L, W
t5 ... 4:45 4.9 12:26 O.(
L. W H W
20 ... 0:16 3.2 6:06 4.(
21 ... 1:30 3.1 7:14 4.(
22 ... 2:21 2.8 8:11 4.1
23 ... 3:02 2.4 9:01 4.J
24 ... 3:38 1.9 9:46 4.!
25 ...| 4:ll| 1.41 10:29 4.J
Ft.
4.5
4.8
5.0
5.1
5.2
6.3
3:
tv
4::
0.
0.
0.
8:;
9:i
9:.
10: i
10::
10:;
1.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occur. The heights
_Hen are additions to the soundings on the
f-ni ted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-> precedes the height.
Tnd then the number given is subtracted from
?he depth given by the charts. The plane of
l h jjjy, ,c g the mean of the lower low water.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce. % "3 £. Mer
chants' Exchange. San _< rancisco, «_ai..
Thi a tTme lS baH 9 on the tower of the new Ferry
holding was dropped at exactly noon to-day
re* .ft noon of the 120 th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m. Greenwich n^tlme^^
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, March IS.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 18 hours from Eu-
Stmr Queen, .Tepsen. 53 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports. „:„..,.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 96 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 16 hours from
Little River. „ _ _, „_.. tt_,-*
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. _ •
CLEARED.
Saturday, March I*.
Stmr Afognak. Moller, Chignlk Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association. -_-
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. . „
Stmr Geo AY Elder. Hinkle, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Co. ...
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. " *
Stmr Cleveland. Klitgaard, Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Br stmr Wvefleld, Cartmer. Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons. Williams, Honolulu; _ _
Brig AY Q Irwin. Williams, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, March 18.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hinkle. Astoria.
Stmr Areata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Ital ship Cavaliere Ciampa. Maresco, Genoa.
Schr Fortuna. Roslch. Eureka.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, Rogue River.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whtlney, Eureka.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Sorenson, Vancouver.
CHARTERS.
The Cardigan Castle loads Government sup
plies for Pago Pago, Samoa. '-"'.-£■-; "V
The A J Fuller loads sugar at Kahului for
New York: British General, lumber on the
Sound for Melbourne or Adelaide, 47s 6d.
The Oregon loads coal at Seattle for this
port.
SPOKEN.
March 4, lat 30 N, long 36 W— Br ship Clan
Graham, hence Oct 14, for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived March Stmr Hu
eneme, from Trinidad.
EUREKA— SaiIed March 17— Stmr Alliance,
for Bar Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived March IS— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence March 9.
NEAH BAY— Passed March 17— Stmr Pro
greso, from Seattle, for San Francisco: Nor
stmr Titania, from Port Los Angeles, for Na
naimo. March IS— ship Port Stanley, for
; Nor bark Fantasi, from Port Blakeley,
for Buenos Ayres.
PORT TOWNSEND— March IS— Br
stmr Garonne, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 18— Stmr EHhu
Thomson, hence March 14: Br stmr Garonne,
from Honolulu; stmr Al-Kl, from Dyea.
COOS BAY— Arrived March 18— Stmr Alca
traz. hence March 16.
EVERETT— March Bark Oak
land, from Tacoma.
VENTURA— Arrived March Stmr George
Lcomls, hence March 17.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— March 18— Stmr Mineola,
for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived March s Stmr Peru, hn*?
Feb 8.
Sailed March I— Haw stmr Barracouta, for
Champerico. March Stmr San Juan, for
Aeapulco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 18— Br ship
Carnarvon Bay, from Tacoma; Ger ship Arthur
Fitger. from Astoria.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior March 15— Br
stmr Glenogle, from Tacoma.
OCEAN TBAVEI_.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
k- Steamers leave Broadway
fi»lh«, wharf, San Francisco:
Bgn£sß*l___ or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
i___P_Wffi___i Mar - 12 - -*'• 22 - 27: Apr - l:
! EST _____E_T-_f_i change at Seattle.
1 _________H ___! For Victoria, A'ancouver (B.
_ K_________3u B.), Port Townsend. Seattle,
f***S^^^M\ Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
~~*-HBTii\ and New Whatcom (Wash.).
y-y. ""*■' 10 a. m.. Mar. 12, 17. 22,
27: Apr. 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Taooma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. 'RfvlVy.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 .p. m.. Mar.
10, 15, 20, 25, 30; Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.-
For Santa Crux. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. IS. 17. 21. 25. 29; Apr.
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31; Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose (let
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a m.. Mar. 10;
April 6. _._,,_.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chanfs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and bourn of sailing. ______ _
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a m.
CADC *1 2 First Class Including Berths
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14, 24; April 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
'short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TOHARVE-PARIS __„_,__
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <**"fj*Jgs»
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North •SMBHk
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE March 25
LA NORMANDIE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April 8
LA BRETAGNE April 15
LA TOURAINE April 23
First-class to Havre. $66 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10' a. ra.
Bt. .February MlSt. Paul March IS
St. Louis March l l St. Louis March a
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Kensington... .Feb'y 15 1 South war*...... March t
Noordland Feb'y MWesternland.. March 11
Frlesland March 1 1 Kensington.... March 33
EMPIRE LINE. **_< .
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawaon City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
10 Montgomery St.. < Ny of Its agencies
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p.m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . ___. „.-_.». i»
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March IT
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 11
AMERICA MARU V nr °M' m _?or
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates, W
freight and passage apply at company s office.
421 Market street, corner First, ■
" W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
P__ _.__• S. S. ALAMEDA
_rHMir sails via Honolulu '*- nd
«l {?_«__-*» Auckland for Sydney
U ■*" Wednesday, March 22,
51 syy*\. at 10 p. S. Australia
Q-tomchin,) The S. S. Australia
rtlCdllljriiP^ sails for Honolulu
/rtmnabU- Wednesday, April 5.
vQiiipQicfcp at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
PamS New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.; $-10 flrst class.
i. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agtt.. 114 Montgomery
Pie, 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
* * " ~
BAY AND BIVEB ST.e_A_y.EBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.*'
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:44 a.
n,^!.. 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Friday.
Ip. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 m.. Bp. in.
Landing and offlce. Mlssion-st. Dock. Pier No.
I. Telephone. Main 150*. •- •"•-«■= '-;■ «__
FARE ...j. a •**■BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
_ , two of their enemies were be
fore them and that the third was hidden in the same room.
"How has the knowledge of magic gained since we were last to
gether, brothers?" asked King Atrophole.
This was a challenge for all the magicians to do their greatest
feats.
"Let me begin," said King Atrophole. "I will show you our three
enemies— Egbert, Arthur and Alfred."
The Three Princes did not know whether they had been found
out. They were so brave and so cool that they did not even start
surrounded as they were by hundreds of their enemies— none of whom
suspcted them.
'. King Atrophole held up a globe- of red liquid and set fire to it.
He then placed the globe on the banquet table and addressed it in
these words:
■* v * "ALL SECRETS ' IN YOUR DEPTHS I'D SEE.
REVEAL TO US THE PRINCES THREE."
The blazing liquid turned into fiery bubbles, and every bubble
held a picture telling of the lives of the Three Princes. There was
the home in which they had passed their childhood; then they were
at school and at college; there they were as young men— setting out
to fight giants; then there was a view of the kingdom of the good.
King under the spell placed upon it by the wicked Atoll— the
little 'children crying in the streets, and the animals running wild
through the towns and cities. Then came the scene upon the cliff
where Atoll let the Three Princes see the peril of the Lady of the
Black Robe. Next was a scene showing Egbert upon his lonely rock
in the ocean. Alfred in his dungeon under ground and Arthur flounder
ing to get out of the deadly quicksand. ,
Egbert knew that he must break the globe or it would presently
shew how he got into the Kingdoms of Zykobar and then he would
killed before the eyes of all the black dwarfs. One blow with his
sword and the globe was shattered into one thousand Pieces.
"Enough, enough, good Atrophole, of that," said Egbert "We
have seen that you are the greatest of magicians. Let us think no
ROUND, chubby
faced boy — dear
little specimen of
his kind— hesitated
a long while and
then knocked at
the ferryman's cot
tage door.
The ferryman's
wife hearing the
knock besirred her
self.
"Dear me, who
can that be!" she*
exclaimed aloud,
and opened the
door eagerly, for
she was of a socia
ble nature and enjoyed a visitor or
""Could I stop and rest a bit. lady, by
your fire, as it's cold and I'm very
tired?" asked the boy, looking longing
ly in from the threshold.
"Come in, come in, and most welcome,
child You are too small a boy to be
Answer to Irwin Bore's Amusing and Instructive Revolutionary War Names Puzzle.
' " HOW Firlv ,_-.., arc up, FRANK LIN say! People never get up early. Before you leARN OLD lessons
. HOW. Early you are I, P.^JS„ ,„ f iT p vat tEY FOR GEoree is ill The CORN WALL IS broken, and you
. M school ,go and The S nSt apple m the the^dier, Mr Woo X AT3AM Some of the good AVAR Does,
fix that up too The answer —TUT NAMe on check list/Ida," said Mr. WOO STERnIy When Frank came
HAL Early told him the Q TON) who had fallen in the mud . "CAN ADA' go and -with me?" asked
home his i mother was on an excursion. The deckhand on the steamer JON EScaped barely the
' ran £-, The next ciay the boy* J«* o n ««£ urstO£ - Dy WJNE .- nQ g° od *" Frank, looking toward
•X a WEST P^S^"^^^^^ "Ida. CHARLES TONy and Adam are there There, too, is
fere? dc» v c Ir ' 1 nok at New YORK! TOWNs are nothing compared to.it. In early times WAR
RENteil WS/' When &£ Jot tome he told & mother. "LOUIS, I, _?NA and Nell had a fine ..me.**
HE feast of the three Kings
of Zykobar was ready. All the
great magicians were there.
Arthur half-famished, for he
had not eaten for many hours,
looked on hungrily from his
hiding place in the case of a
great, old-fashioned clock,
peeking through the keyhole.
He could see and hear all that
was said. He saw through the
disguise of his brother Egbert,
Who was now a King. He also
saw and knew his brother Al
fred, who was dressed like a
farmer. Egbert and Alfred
here met for the first time
since the Three Princes were
separated. Both wondered
what had become of Arthur,
and both naturally wondered
at the strange chance that had
brought them together under
such conditions. They said
nothing and no one of .-the
black dwarfs dreamed that
astray on such a day," replied the fer
ryman's wife. She was instantly de
lighted with the tiny stranger, and
somehow, in a way she never could ex
plain, this little boy, looking up at her
with his bright eyes, quite won her
heart. Was there ever a nicer boy
than this c-ne? she asked herself. Noth
ing could prevent her taking him in,
light then and there, and doing every
thing she could him within her nar
row means. He was not lost appar
ently, judging from his happy, content
ed manner.
But where did he came from and
whither was he going? He didn't tell,
and she, odd as it may seem, forgot to
ask.
The boy, evidently, soon felt at home
and allowed the ferrryman's wife to
make him as comfortable as she want
ed. He made friends quickly and chat
ted busily and pleasantly, in a way
quite old and wise, too, for so small a
boy. He made the sober ferryman's
wife feel gay and young again. She
listened and laughed and wondered and
time sped on. He sang a little song,
so sweet and beautiful was it that she
sat as if bewitched. For long years
THE BAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MABCH 19, 1899.
more of the Three Princes, for they must surely be dead. They never
could have escaped not being magicians as we are — from the rock,
the pit and the quicksand. Let as see what our brother can show
to us." '
Atrophole would have been very angry had he not been so flat
tered by Egbert, who saw that he liked flattery.
Forth then stood King Atreus to give proof of his skill in magic.
"I am the King, indeed, of magicians," said King Atreus. "I will
now give proof. I plant weeds in the fields and, behold, when the
harvest is ripe, I reap every season a new and strange crop. Ho,
Balthazar, stand forth." '"*•«*. _ . _ _
Now Balthazar was the name of that black dwarf who had been
carried off by a Roc when Prince Alfred so strangely reached the
Three Kingdoms. As Balthazar was not there to come forward Prince
Alfred stood forth in his place.
"What have you grown this year, Balthazar, from my seed.'
asked King Atreus.
"You shall see." . _,
Alfred had in one of his pockets the seeds of a strange and
mighty vine, which is proof against most magic. These seeds he had
found in the desert.
"Water— a dish of pure water."
A deep bowl of water was placed before Prince Alfred.
"Two sharp swords." _,-__•__«. '■_•■ , tv ._...
"Bring'the swords for Balthazar," commanded the King, and they
were brought. . „  —_.___
"I will grow you a plant before your very eyes. said Prince
Alfred, "which shall grow as never before plant has grown. I will
show you fruit such as never has been seen in all the Three Kingdoms,
and you shall all feast to your content. Lo, the time of growing and
the time of showing is here." ,_,,,_
Saying these words Prince Alfred cast into the deep bowl filled
with water a handful of seeds. ...
•Well done, Balthazar," said King Atreus. 'I will give to him
who can stay the growth of this plant my crown and my kingdom.
There is none who can kill the plant when once it has taken root.
Now this King was wicked. He wished only to make the other
Kings envious of his power and he had planned with one of his fol
lowers to overturn the water bowl at a sign. What was his astonish
SAD MIX UF*
AT THE PARK
I HAD an oreful dreme the uther
nite, Mistur Editur, wich I wil tel
you ori about. A reel thing it seem
ed like while it lasted. I was at
Goldin Gait Park along with my
Sister Susie, who has been studdying
slite of hand. Suddinly Susie sed, sed
she, "Agrameno, Sagramento, pass.
Heads off, please!" With that the heads
came off en the bufflers and the grizzh
and the dears (not gerls, but reel
dears), and the ipequhannah and the
duks — it was orful!
If you'd a bin out thare, Mistur
Editur, you'd a cried like Mis
tur Johnsing at Sakramenter when
THE four animals and one tree at
Golden Gate Park pictured as a
puzzle last Sunday were: (1) aca
cia, (2) chipmonk, (3) deer, (4)
groundhog, (5) "grizzly." No one
gave the correct answers to No. 4.
THE STRANGE LITTLE VISITOR
after the melody in those tones lingered
in her memory. How came this little
boy by so wonderful a voice?
The clock struck the hour and she
rose with great agitation from her old
wicker rocker, exclaiming:
"Why, boy, I've forgotten the ferry
man, a thing that has never happened
before. Dear me, how could I? A half
hour ago I should have been down at
the bank to see if he was coming
across." In a quick, nervous way she
threw a large shawl over her head and
shoulders.
"May I go with you, lady?" asked the
hoy, jumping, up in lively fashion. 11.
was always ready for a change and,
besides, was nicely rested by this time.
"Yes, come. If the ferryman is near
enough it will surprise him to see a
guest is at the cottage," replied she.
And she was very glad to have him
with her, for she was half afraid he
might disappear if she left him. • The
THE LADY OF THE BLACK ROBE
you seen then poor dumb broots
when thare heds wer ori off.
"Susie, Susie," sed I, "don't" be
krewel. Put heds on ori them animiles
at wunst." But Susie allowed that she
just coodent. "I'll tel yure ma now,
and shele ilk you." That's what I sed
to Susie, and Susie sed to me, "Oh,
don't do that, and I'll tri." Now Susie
is a good gurl. and wood bee ori rite
if she hadn't gone and learnt slite of
hand. I gess she tride tew hard when
{-he put the heds back on the animiles,
for they were ori mixt up.
Just ask Mister Brownstrup to make
these little picktures of mine into reel
sure enuff noowspaper yews, for I
.made them ruff on the spot. - This is
the way the animiles looked with their
"Why. Allie, dear, is that the way to
■begin your dinner?" asked a mothe.
of her little dau .hter, as she began
with the pie.
"Well, I declare, mamma, I was go
ing to eat my dinner all upside down
boy slipped his hand into hers and
skipped along by her, side.
On reaching f the, bank the old wife
looked with anxious eyes across the
river to see if her husband was coming.
Yes, far, far on the other side she saw
him slowly making his way. Ao old
bent man with long gray beard, he was,
but though his figure was bent he
seemed strong and muscular, as indeed
he was. Satisfied that all was well, the
ferryman's wife returned with her little
guest.
"We'll* have a nice, cozy supper to
gether, you and I," spoke she on reach
ing the cottage kitchen, "as the ferry
man doesn't come home till late to
night. He has been rowing great num
bers of people across to-day. Something
must have happened on the other side."
"Does he blow a horn, lady, to let
you know when he lands?" the boy
asked, thinking if he did he would run
down to meet him. -:,.;--•.»
"Dear me, no," replied she. "The
ferryman comes and goes at any time
and so silent and quiet is he that I
often do not know when he is around.
Noise of any kind disturbs him and the
dipping of his oars in the water is the
only music his ear enjoys."
"Strange old ferryman!" exclaimed
the boy thoughtfully. He* ate the simple
supper the ferryman's I wife prepared
and after this both lapsed into an un
usual silence which was quite soothing
to the boy. for he was soon nodding
drowsily. Hi 3 hostess saw this, touched
him gently and bade him follow her.
Into a smalL soft bed he crept, and
ment when the plant, taking root, suddenly shot long arms in all
directions. Like a devil fish the arms clung to everything that they
touched and with the strength of steel wires. So rapidly did the
devil fish plant spread that before King Atreus could give the signal
for the bowl to be broken the plant had wrapped itself around the
arms of his friend, who was to have helped him to fool the other
magicians. Yes, more than that, it had in the space of a minute
bound its steel wires around fifty magicians and did not spare King
Atreus, who was now fettered by so many bands that he could hardly
breathe. Every second the bands squeezed harder. ~
All the magicians tried to either overturn the bowl or kilr the
plant. All in vain. Alfred, who had become a master of magic,
stood by, smiling, and the plant did not come near him. No other
person could safely near the bowl for the magic plant drew in and
made a prisoner of every one that it could reach. How it spread!
Soon half the banquet hall was filled with its waving arms that were
feeling for new victims. The magicians saw with fear and with
wonder that whenever they cut off one of the arms of the plant the
severed arm falling upon the floor of the room at once took root
and from it a new plant sprang up with dozens of devil fish arms.
Amid the excited throng only two persons sat unmoved. These
were Prince Egbert and Prince Alfred.
"We are lost." The cry resounded through the room. "Who will
save us from this dreadful plant, that will overrun all the Three
Kingdoms and strangle us all?" yv
"l will do that," said Prince Alfred, "if the King will renew his
promise to give to him who can kill the plant his crown and his
kingdom."
"It is yours, for I am helpless; only kill the plant at once, good
Balthazar." So spoke King Atreus to Alfred.
"I will take your piece of the Black Robe and your crown and
scepter before I do my part of the work," answered Prince Alfred,
"for you might change your mind, as Kings have been known to do
before." . *-■..■.'-.*.. _• i. J ._ 1_
Alfred took the crown and placed it upon his own head, it having
fallen from the head of King Aliens. Then he took up the scepter
and with his own hands, drew from under the bands that held King
Atreus a prisoner his piece of the Black Robe. This having been
done all the magic that had belonged to King Atreus was his.
Then, at a whispered word, which the magicians tried in vain to
hear Alfred spoke to the vine, which withered as before a fierce fire.
From its withering branches fell its fruit, rich and juicy. There was
enough for a royal feast for all who were in the banquet hall.
"Hail to King Balthazar. Long may he rule as our mightiest
magician." yy :. __ •; ;"**. '' . -
The cry filled the palace with noise. Queen Atoll, listening in
her underground dungeon, in the palace of Egbert, ground her teeth
together in helpless rage. But so much had Egbert learned of magic
in the Three Kingdoms that be was in no fear that she would be
able to escape. Filled with joy now was Egbert; proud and happy
was Alfred. The two brothers were Kings of magicians and had
proved themselves to be more powerful than any of the black dwarfs.
But in their moment of triumph, they were still troubled, for they
knew that, until they could find the Lady of the Black Robe and
take her to their father, the good King, the spell would still make
the kingdom unhappy. ■-,'- "'--
It was now Egbert's turn to prove his magic. The black dwarfs
watched him eagerly as he began to work his charm.
Soft and sweet music was heard. Louder and louder it grew
until now it was a march— the music of the march played whenever
the good King, the father of the Three Princes, had, in the old, happy
days, come home from the wars in victory. What was that? From
the old clock case — from the clock which had not made a sound for
many years— came the voice of a deep-toned bell, beating time to the
music Egbert and Alfred were as much astonished as were the
1.111.7... O
heads mixt up, and yew bet I weeped
sum, and so did they — the animiles, I
meen. Susie just ran orf. and ori the
animiles chased after her likkitikut to
beet the band. While I looked along
kaim a park poleeceman, and I was
orful skared when I saw that he had a
bufiler's hed on him. His club was
out for trubble, but poor man, he had
trubble of his own that time. -
I offen herd about puttin' a hed on a
perleeceman, but I never seen it dun
befoar. He roared orful, and butted
his hed agenst a telegraff pole until
he made the splinters fli. "What's
yure nairn?" I asked him. Then he
roared agen and yelled out "Embarmed
beef," and I ran off. I suppose it ori
kaim about because I et minse pi. '
"I shall certainly have to buy a whip
to punish you with if you don't quit
behaving so badly," said a mother to
her naughty 4-year-old son. "All right,
mamma," replied the precocious young
ster, "and after you've whipped me
nestling there was in short time fast
asleep. . . v
"Such a beautiful boy to be wander
ing so," thought she, smoothing the
pretty curls, and then left him with a
sigh.
But the boy wasn't to slumber, as
peacefully as it looked he might. He
had a dream, and such a dream! This
is how he himself told it next morning
to the ferryman's wife:
"Lady, it was so very.very strange,"
he began. "I thought I was with the
ferryman and helped him row such odd
little people across an awful river. The
water rushed onward, continuously on
ward, with mighty motion, and the dis
tant, opposite shore. was dim, always
dim. ' . . *~yy
"The ferryman had grown very old
and white-looking* and his long, thin,
wrinkled hand:; shook with age. He
looked as if hundreds -of years had
passed over his head and so feeble that
I wondered how he managed to row.
But his boat gilded on and on, swiftly
and surely. _*VC Vv^V
"None of his passengers ever spoke
nor smiled nor did they seem to hear
when I spoke to them. Their eyes with
hopeful joy were looking at something
I couldn't see far away. What was it?
I wondered. Could it be that ever, dis
tant opposite shore that they were
watching? I asked this, softly whisper
ing to a little creature beside me, but
my question wasn't heard. I asked it
of each one and not one knew I spoke.
"At last I turned to the old ferryman,
but he was like all the rest and I saw
A REAL UP-TO-DATE CASABIANCA.
THE boy stood on the burning
roof.
In his heart was black despair,
He looked aloft, he looked aloof,
No power could save him there.
And soon around that fearless youth
The firemen aimed a streahi,
But it was useless work forsooth —
The water turned to steam.
Then through the horror-stricken
crowd
A man began to grope;
There's always life, he cried aloud,
Wherever there is soap (hope).
Then" picking up a large-sized cake
He held it up on high;
"Play on that soap for goodness sake,
That poor boy must not die!"
And on that bar of yellow soap
The water soon did gather,
And then the boy with new-born hope
Slid safely down the "lather!"- .
Another time that self-same lad
Stood on the burning deck,
ANNIE NIGHUS.
may I have the whip to play horse
with?" . ..
A bright little girl of 4, who was
watching a balloon ascension, suddenly
exclaimed: "Mamma, I shouldn't think
the Lord would like to have that man
come up to heaven alive."
creeping into his eyes the same far-off
look of hopeful joy and peace. I grew
half afraid, but I must keep my fears to
myself.
"I tried to stop the motion of my oars
to rest my tired arms, but couldn't.
Then I called to the ferryman to stop
his boat, if only for a mi :te, but my
voice didn't sound at all. We just
glided on an on in the sa;_ie unceasing,
never-ending, noiseless way. I noticed
with astonishment that the little crea
tures around me grew more and more
beautiful and their eyes almost dpy.z
me. They- grew so wondrously lovely
that I looked at them in awe, but still
they neither spoke nor smiled. I tried
to take my hand from my oar to touch
one, but this 'me neither would my
hand leave its work. I must always
row, it seemed, but so tired had I now
become I felt nothing but pain, pain.
It made no difference, I must ever con
tinue.
"What would happen, and would this
journey never, never end, I thought
wearily. My h d inside seemed to
whirl, and finally, with great effort, I
awoke. ' y'y X
"Oh, with what joy, lady, did I find
myself in that comfortable bed, and
how glad to be under your roof and
once more awake." He sighed as if
he never could feel relieved enough.
black dwarfs. They knew then that their brother must be in the
clock, ringing the bell. : r' _ I „_.,_.•
"I have captured." said Egbert to the dwarfs, suddenly changing
his plan "a son of the good King and have him a prisoner in the
clock case. With my own hands will I bring him forth that he may
be thrown into a dungeon. How I have worked this magic I will not
say; but— here he is!" 77' _. . , ,
Egbert, saying this, opened the door of the clock case, and out
stepped Arthur. 7 ; \7i' : _. 
The sons of Atrid drew their swords and would have" fallen upon
Arthur had not Egbert, who had thought out all his plan in an instant,
called to them: . 7-77 _*
' "What ho! Stand back! This man is my prisoner. Let no one
harm him at his peril."
The dwarfs stopped to listen.
"I have a fancy, brother King Atrophole," said Egbert, coolly,
"to teach this foolish man a lesson. He has dared to come into our
kingdoms to seek for the Lady of the Black Robe. Let us turn him
into the wilderness. He mocks us. We will mock him and his father,
the good King, bitterly. Give me your piece of the Black Robe, that
I may work my will. The beasts, seeing him with only a piece of
the Robe, will tear him to pieces."
King Atrophole, not dreaming that there was danger to himself
in what he was about to do, mockingly placed on the form of Arthur
his piece of the Black Robe. *•* . 7-7*7.
Now. at last, the Black Robe was all held by the Three Princes.
"Lady of the Black Robe," said Egbert loudly, "I command you
to arise." _ , , .
Before the surprised eyes of all the dwarfs the Lady came into
view.
At that instant there was a noise like thunder at the gate..
The dwarfs opened the gates only to see before them the three
good giants who had been the friends of Alfred in the desert. They
forced their way through the crowd of dwarfs and, bowing low, made
themselves a bodyguard for Arthur, nor did any of the dwarfs dare
to trouble Arthur then. 7' : --_.,_._-__ i
"To the gates. Let us go at once," said the Lady of the Black
Robe to Egbert. - V v
"At once; forward," answered Egbert, Alfred and Arthur in one
breath.
Then the dwarfs for the flrst time knew that the Three Princes
stood before them with the Lady of the Black Robe. Swiftly flew
they to the dungeon of Queen Atoll and struck off the chains that
bad held her so long. d :'-.•»•'• '".-■
The Three Princes and the Lady of the Black Robe had passed
out through the gates, which were closed behind them.
" "They flee, but shall not yet escape us," screamed AtolL
LIONS OF THE THORNY WAY,
LIONS OF THE DESERT PATH,
LIONS OF MOST AWFUL WRATH,
SEE THREE PRINCES FOR YOUR PREY!
When these words had been spoken scores of fierce lions suddenly
appeared and were running toward the Princes and the Lady when
the Lady of the Black Robe said:
■:."-.-- "Quickly, now. my robe restore. I will make it whole once more."
The Three Princes quickly gave their pieces of the Black Robe to
the Lady and the pieces knit together and the Lady threw her Robe
over her shoulders. Then all her magic was hers once again.
The roaring lions were turned to stone. The black dwarfs dared
not open their gates to pursue. Atoll, pursuing, was changed to a
crocodile and has remained a crocodile ever since.
Soon the Three Princes were in the kingdom of their father once
again. The spell that had troubled the kingdom was removed. Prince
Egbert was married to the Lady of the Black Robe. They reigned
when the King died and had one son, who was— Prince I Don't Care.
As I was looking through a trunk full of queer things from Arabia
the other day I found a writing which told me something about the
further adventures of Prince I Don't Care. I will begin to tell you
about them soon, if you wish. D. H. W.
(The End.)
BY EUGENE A. BEAUCE
His outlook now is more than sad,
He'll soon sink with the wreck.
But hope has been renewed again
Just when all hope seemed lost,
And now to him with might and main
A bar of soap is tossed.
The boy for life begins to cope,
He will be saved once more,
For grabbing up that bar of soap
He washed himself ashore.
A Sweet Washday in Candy Town.
But he was too happy and light
hearted to bother much about anything
and when he waved good-by to the
ferryman's wife as she stood at the
cottage gate watching him, it was with
the same bright Joyous face that had
looked in at her dcor the day before.
She followed the boy with eyes full
of longing and regret. She saw him
greeted with glad, loud shouts by some
tiny children in the distance, coming
from she knew not where. He joined
the merry group as if he belonged to
them. Turnln he waved a parting
farewell to the ferryman's wife. She
smiled in - nswer and smiling, sobbed
and tears fell fast and many, showing
how sadly she felt.
"Such a beautiful boy. such a beau
tiful boy," she murmured.
When her eyes cleared enough to see
again they had all disappeared into. the*
deep dark woods.
She stood meditatively for awhile
after he had gone, then gave herself a
little shake. Thoughtfully she drew her
hand across her eyes, saying, ponder
ingly. aloud, "Is this all a dream? Have
I been sleeping or am I awake?"
No answer came and ihe returned
methodically to her work. She never
quite knew what to think of this little
child who came apparently from no
where and went— where?
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
A I-'lret Baptist Church, Eddy street, neat
f Jones— Rev. Church, Eddy street, neai
J_nee— Rev. E. A. Woods.
£ _^ ;
X Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, neat
a. Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
i, — —
J, Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, neai
i Twenty-second— J. G. Gibson.
% St Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and' Shot
-- well streets— P. J. Cummins.
$ ,
*> St. Brendan's, Fremont and » Harrison
*> streets— Nugent.
is St Brigid's. Van Ness avenue and Broad-
Ay Father Cottle.
<«> Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany and
§» Croke streets— Fathers.
a __ __ — . 1 1 — ■ — — — — .
<-< St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
if. streets— Father Cummlngs.
g> __ ■ "•
». St. Dominic's. Bush and Steiner streets—
*% Rev. Plus Murphy.
*> ___ . . — — —
A. St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgom
v. cry avenue. .;'-.-.-'..
% All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N street
*> —Rev. D. O'Sulllvan.
ft. St. Ignathis. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
!> street— Jesuit Fathers.
S>
I
Jt .
|> St. James. Twenty - third and Guerrero
•_• streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
$
c, St Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard—
* St Joseph's. Tenth street, near Howard—
$, Father P. Scanlan.
*> ..
f> St Marj'*s Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
*. O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast.
I V. G. , ■ - ■ * .
_ St. Mary's Church. California and 1 Dupont
Ss St Mary's Church. California and Dupont
|> streets— Paulist Fathers.
s, ■ —
0 St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third—
$> Father Gray.
i ___
|> St. Pauls, Twenty-ninth and Church
7 streets— Connolly.
_ —
$• Sts. Peter and Paul. Filbert and Dupont
fi streets— Saleslan Fathers.
§>
|> St. Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty
h St. Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty
|> fourth— P. S. Casey.
j£> St. Rose's. Brannan street, near Fourth—
i. Father Nugent.
$> Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near
i. Stockton— Marist Fathers.
_>
e> — — '
rSt. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets—
h Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
i>
J- Star of the Sea. Seventh avenue and Point
\- Lobos avenue— Father Coyle.
.- West Side Christian. Bush street, between
b Scott and Devisadero— Rev. W. A. Gard
(• ner.
p — _ — .
?> Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
r Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-flfth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
___
\i Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
f. Mission— Rev. William Rader.
> '
<■ Fourth Congregational Church, corner Green
p and Stockton streets and Montgomery
(■ avenue — Rev. S. Slocombe.
I
j, . _ ,
». Richmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
» and Clement street ßev. P. Coombe.
t> Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
h Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
(• Bethlehem Congregational Church, Vermont
b street, near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. W.
i. Madge.
p Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
; Market— Archdeacon Emery.
'*■
p
£> Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
b streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
t> St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
(• street— W. H. Moreland.
t.
b St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
(> —Rev. O. O. Kelley.
.
b St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street.
p near Valencia— E. B. Spalding.
b St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Steiner
p streets— Rev. H. Parrlsh.
p St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
b Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly.
> — ____ :
. Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets
P Rev. H. C. Cooke.
> St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, Fulton and
p Fillmore streets— Rev. E. J. Lion.
> —
b St. James Episcopal Mission, Clement
b street and Sixth avenue (Richmond Dls
b" trlct.
t>
b St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street—
b Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
_—
b St. Albar.'s Church (Episcopal), Golden
i . Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
>— — ■
t> Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church. Fifteenth
p avenue south and P street— Rev. W. D.
> Crabb.
> —
► Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-flrst
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
, _________________ ____———_ —^ —_—____
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
► Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis
► sion street, between Fifth and Sixth—
» Rev. C. E. Locke.
. __ . ■
> Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and Sola
> no streets— S. M. Woodward.
► _ .
► Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
> Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
f . yyy
[ Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be
p tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R.
i Riddick.
[ Epworth M. E. Church. Church and Twen
> ty-slxth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
> California Street M. E. Church, California
. . and Broderick streets— Frederic C. Lee.
> Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero
. street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E.
v Dugan.
♦ Westminster) Presbyterian, Page and Web
> ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
> Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
> - Railroad avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevier.
> First United Presbyterian Church, Golden
, Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
. Bell.
* " ' r
t Calvary Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
\ streets— Rev. J. Hemphill.
. Starr King A. M. E. Zion Church. Stock
» ton street, near Clay— Rev. T. Brown.
I Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell
► street, near Jackson— Rev. W. B. An
t derson.
I German Evangelical Emmanuel Church.
p Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
i W. Fischer.
, Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp
> streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
1 __ — - — .
> First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
t Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
t _ — . . =
» Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
v streets.
»
1 First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Sutter
» street— The Bible and Science and Health,
I With Key to the Scriptures.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
The reports received during the term
ndlng on the last day of last December
bow that the membership in the reser
ation of California was 3895, »of which
.umber thero were 1839 In San Francisco,
"here was a gain of 236 members during
_.•-> term. The Degree of Pocahontas has
• membership of 998. and it has to its
redlt a net gain of 7S during the term.
Manzanita Tribe expects to adopt four
alefaces at its next council.
There appears to be some activity on the
art of those who have charge of the
ted Men's proposed home. To start a
■ucleus for the home tho committee has
rrang.d for a theater party to be given
B the Alcazar on the night of the 20th
let., and an entertainment in Native
I Morning— Sermon la the Rev. Dr. Dunder- «
land. Evenlng-fChrlst's Arrest and 4
Trial," with prelude on "The " White .
Man's Burden." . "*
Morning— "The Present Tense," by. the pas- <
tor. Evening— "The Miff-Tree," by Rev. *
Frank L. Sullivan. - <
Morning— Sermon and Instruction - by the 4
pastor. Evening— Sermon on the Gospel. 4
Morning— High mass and sermon .by one 4
of the priests of the community. Evening 4
— Sermon and vespers. <
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even- <
Ing— Vespers. ... .1. .'-.;<
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of 4
the priests of the parish at 11 o'clock. 4
Evening — Vespers and sermon. 4
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11. 4
Evening— Sermon and vespers. <
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- 4
ing— Vespers and sermon. <
Morning High mass and sermon. Even- 4
Ing— Sermon and the recital of the ro- <<
sary. . ' ' <
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11 4
o'clock. Evening— Vespers and sermon. 4
4
Morning— High mass and sermon on the <
Gospel at 11 o'clock. Evening— Vespers, <
benediction and sermon. 4
Morning— on the Gospel by the Rev. <
Father Sard!. S. J. Evening— Fourth lec
ture of the series of Sunday evening lee- <
tures to be delivered by Father Mahoney, 4
S. J- - ■- <
Morning High mass and sermon by one of 4
the priests of the parish. Evening— Yes- 4
pers, benediction and a sermon. . - <
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of <<
the priests of the parish. Evening— Yes- 4
pers. 4
- " .
Morning— Sermon and high mass. Evening 4
- — Vespers. 4
<•
— <j
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 11 4
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, sermon and 4
benediction. ■-.-.• - 4]
■ 4]
Morning— High mass and sermon .by one 4
of the priests of the parish. Evening— 4
Vespers, sermon and benediction. y4.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <j
Ing— Sermon and vespers. 4
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even- <j
ing— Sermon in Italian by one of the 6
priests of the community. 4
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening — 4
Vespers, benediction and sermon. . <*
Morning Solemn high mass at 11 o'clock, «
with sermon by the pastor. Evening — 4
Vespers. <|
<$
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of <_
the priests of the community. Evening-^ <S
Vespers and sermon. * <§
, 4
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening <§
— Vespers, benediction and sermon. 4}
4
Morning— Sermon and high mass .at 10:30 <S
o'clock. Evening— by the pastor. <S
, <g
Morning— ''The Disciples' Prayer." Even- <j
ing— "Giants." <|
4
«
Morning— Sermon by- Professor J. A. Good- 4
ell. Evening Vesper service from 5 to 6. <$
<$*
Morning— "The Man With the Hoe." Even- <$
Sermon by Chaplain Brown of the <£
lowa on the subject of "Enthusiasm." <§
Morning— "Go Forward." Evening— "Char- <§
acter vs. Dogma," being the last of the <$
Sunday evening lectures on "Essentials of ■_
Religion." <§
«
Morning— as a Force In the DI- 4'
vine Government." Evening "What Is 4$
True Religion?" 4$
Morning— "The Vanguard of God." <§
, 3,
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— <J>
Same. ■§
: I
Morning— Holy communion at 7; morning <£
prayer (full choir) at 10; choral celebra- <$
tlon and sermon at 11. <§>
. : <£
Morning— Sermon and service at 11. Even- <§>
ing— Sermon and music. $
_ , <*
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening— <$>
Same. 4
. <£
Morning— Special service for the soldiers. <•>
Evening— Sermon and instruction. <§>
$
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11. <S
Evening— Sermon. <§
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30 4%
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11. 49
Evening— Evensong and sermon at S. <§
<$>
Morning — Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow- <$>
ed by litany service and sermon by the <§>
rector. Evening— Song service and ser- <$>
mon. <&
Morning— Holy communion at 11 o'clock. «s>
Evening— Sermon and instruction. <£>
Morning— communion at 7; morning <£>
prayer at IL Evening— Sermon by . the <$.
rector. <§>
. 4,
Morning— Holy communion at 11. Evening <$>
—Evensong at 8; preaching by the Rev. <ft
S. J. Dee on the subject of the "Story 4)
of the Cross." <§
A
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30. Evening— -$
Evensong at 8. .- :.- A
: . $
Morning— Church service at 11:15; Sunday <$>
. school at 10 o'clock. All are cordially ln- 4
vited. <8>
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— 4.
Sermon and religious Instruction. - • <$>
: <$>
Morning— Services at 11. Evening— Sermon 4
by the pastor. <§>
■v
4>
Morning— "One of the Josephs." Evening <S>
"The Modern Trojan Horse." <»
-_=
— , «,
Morning— services at 11 o'clock. <§>
Evening— Sermon by the pastor. . <§>
,
Morning— Sen-ices at 11 .o'clock; Sunday. <•>
school at 12:30. . Evening— Divine service <_>
at 7:30 o'clock. . 4?
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening— $>
Same. , 4>
. : : I
Morning— Sermon by the pastor ■at • 11 <§>
o'clock. Evening— Sermon, . followed by 4?
prayer service. 4p
Morning— "Xo More Sea." Evening— ''Boaz <£>
and Ruth— A Study of Capital and Labor.'.'. <$>
A
Morning— Certainties In Religion." Even- <j>
Ing— "The Raiding of the Race Track «_>
Pool Gambling and The Call's Commend- <•>
able Attack." it
Morning— "Christ's* Test." Evening— "On <$>
His Head Were Many Crowns"; Wheat- <a>
on's vesper sen-Ices. 49
: : — . 4>
Morning — Rev. W. S. Bannerman and wife 4/
of Africa, missionaries of the foreign <*•
board, will speak" at the 11 o'clock service. <$>
Evening Addresses by same. 4>
Morning— Sermon by Dr. W. A. Spaulding <$>
of Spokane, on the subject of "Christian <|>
Progress." Evening— Sermon by the pas- <§>
tor at 7:30 o'clock on the subject, • "Are <§>
You Registered?" ~ * &
— <4>
Morning — "War Between the Old and New, 4*
and the Victory-" Evening— Special choral <S.
service. . . <i>
. — -1 : 3.
Morning— "The End of the World Nearlng." &
Evening— '"Random Thoughts on the Ques- ■&
tlonß of the Hour." <^
1 . — , . : — :
Morning — "The New Jerusalem." Evening <|>
—"Deborah, the Woman Preacher." 4>
— _ I
Morning— '"The Penitent Thief." Evening— •*>
"Human Responsibility." &
|
Mornlng"Folth in the Educational Processes <§;
of Life." Evening— "Life Larger Than the <&
Creeds," • 4
. . ■ <_.
Morning — "The , Tabernacle." Evening— -$
"Gethsemane." - 4
3 p. m.— Meeting for men only; address by -A
Rev. S. S. Cryor, D.D., on the subject of <§>
"Not Far From the Kingdom." . A
Morning— "Reality." . $>
.*■ ' ' i
■-. . * * y 7 s
! Sons' Hall on the 12th of May— St. Tam
many's day. The con mittee has had sev
eral offers of land on which to build a
home. These have been taken in consid
eration.
Althomas Tribe has since the first of the
year adopted fifteen palefaces and has the
applications of twenty-seven more to net
; upon. It looks as if this tribe will carry
j away. the $100 prize offered by the Great
; Council.
Two new tribes are being organized at
' this time.
; Comanche Tribe of Elmhurst on the 7th
instant celebrated its fourth anniversary
>by an entertainment and dance. There
v, m a good attendance. F. D. Brandon,
great Junior sagamore: Porter L. Bliss,
! great eannap*. A. L. Holder, past sachem,
I end a number of others from this side of
1 the bay assisted at the celebration..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, MARCH 19, 1899.
Hales.
Easter coming-only two weeks more!
the rain came and our State is safe: we had proof of the wonderful efficacy of rain in the object lesson given by our mail order department Thursday. Friday and Saturday :
orders poured in from the country— orders for new hats for ihe wife, new neckwear, new gloves, new laces for Easter; orders for confirmation veilings, nun's veiling for
costumes: and, to crown the glorious advent of rain, we received the latest styles in walking costumes: we show in our windows ottomobel broadcloth costumes for $65,
golf capes for $25, Scotch enough for Burns to write a poem upon: good goods— Easter goods!
and art white organdies, nice quality, e^tra QKr*
CclalCl wide, 51 inches wide; j*»r yard *a*r*»
white goods jgS Sa??S M 3oc
white batiste, a sheer fabric of excel-
lent wear, 54 Inches wide; yard
Galatea cloth, 29 inches wide, heavy twill, in stripes and cheeky, in
light and dark colors (we will gladly send samples to any ■_».;£
one outside of.. this city); per yard * ****
new white dress swiss, ln a large variety of dots; per A.^aQ
yard ! • • TH* to "*r**-»%*
„.„„„ tirAll 100 dozen huck towels, fringed. . size 18x36 Inches;
Wear-Well fine weave, with woven selvage and col- I l|iC
. „i ored borders; stand lots of hard usage.... lv - v
LOWeiS 2000 yards roller toweling, unbleached, 21 Inches
wide, all pure linen, good absorbent— (we've sold
thousands of yards to big institutions): per yard lOC
15 dozen only! fancy Turkish tidies, with knotted fringe; a |gQ
housewife' opportunity •
cViaotc 768 sheets, "perfect hem" brand, bleached, hemmed with
_>IICCL_> a two-inch hem on top, one-Inch hem on bot " K&C
tom; introductory price, each...'. -■• W
this brand will add even greater fame to our domestic department.
QnpnncM dozen ladles' white aprons, made of flne cambric,
dpi Una 36 inches long by 44 Inches wide; long full I *>«£
strings ;• ,f.
60 dozen gingham kitchen aprons, good heavy quality, in striped
and imitation shell stitched bottom, with long full strings.... |g^
_, no i' 10 dozen skirts, made of good heavy muslin, extra
lliubllll wide, cambric flounce, with 2%-Inch lace PS(|r»
ii«/**lj_»T»c_lHrvf c ruffle on b °ttom, extra wide, price " uw
UnUoFSKIFIb 10 $ ozen ladles' skirts, -v mbrella style, made of
good heavy muslin, deep cambric flounce, lace In-
sertion and lace ruffle, trimmed bottom, 31,4 yards wide; £%£
price
10 dozen ladies' white skirts, made of fine cambric, umbrella style,
deep flounce with 2 rows of lace Insertion and deep <I> I f\f\
lace ruffled, trimmed bottom, cambric dust ruffle: price. tp*»»vrvr
25 dozen ladles' white skirts, made of flne white cambric, umbrella
style deep lawn flounce, trimmed with 5 flne tucks and 2 rows of
linen lace Insertion, deep lawn ruffle with 5 flne tucks <J? 1 P*"J("*|
and lace trimmed bottom; price "".•"-,"
»nr.4-An Venetian cloth with a smooth surface and a soft fln-
6cLSt6F ish. in new shades of brown, blue and <t I Q£J
j __ 0 green, 42 Inches wide ""•'• w
QF6SS fancy armure, bayadere effect: a hard-finish cloth
novelties ln . ail . . xi : . . n . ew . co . l °": . * . ln, ' h s . wide 7. $1.25
sllk-flnlsh whipcords; a cloth with a lovely finish, giving excellent
wear, comes in mode, slate, brown, blue and green, 44 C| gO
Inches wide " 4,1, " V
Paquins, a new weave In all the 1899 spring colors, 42 Inches «£ |
wide
corkscrews with a silk finish: a raised twill with a smooth <£ 1
surface, in' green, browns, blues, 45 inches wide Vf a
___._.__*__» 175 pairs and half-pairs curtains.
CUFIcIIII slightly soiled (they were used
- in our huge store display from
CQ p March 2d to 7th); 25 half-pairs
_-.ct.-v_ sample chenille and tapestry por-
tieres: can be used for lounge covers and
draperies, or single-door hangings; we shall
close these out with a quick rush.
on sale
Monday, 8 a. m.
ALGER THE MAN OF THE HOUR.
Continued From Page Eighteen.
the general commanding the division, I
have the honor to submit the following
'report on the case of Colonel R. A. Al
ger, Fifth Michigan Cavalry, stating the
time at which he left the command, for
what purpose, by what authority and his
present whereabouts.'
"Colonel Alger left this command the
morning of August 28, as It marched
through Harper's Ferry to rejoin the di
vision near Halltown. He has been ab
sent since that date. I was not aware
of his absence until this brigade halted
to feed near Halltown, when Assistant
Surgeon St. Clair, of the First Michigan-
Cavalry, Informed me that Colonel Alger,
owing to some Indisposition, had remain
ed at a house in Harper's Ferry. At the
same ' time Assistant Surgeon St. Clair
presented for my approval an application
from Colonel Alger for leave of absence
for twenty days.
"As Colonel Alger had two. or three
times previous to this applied* for a simi
lar leave of absence when ln my opinion
he was fit for duty, and which opinion
subsequently proved to be correct, as -it
has in the case now referred to, - I re
turned Colonel Alger's application with
out my approval. He failed to join his
command. I first heard of him again as
stopping at the Eutaw House- in Balti
more, Md. - 1 now have authentic and re
liable information that he is staying at
one of the hotels in Washington, D. C.
and that he has been placed on duty in
the latter city as a member of a general
court martial. How he came to bo de
tailed* I cannot say.
"He left his command without author
ity, and after having been refused a leave
of absence from. these headquarters, and
I have directed that, he be reported 'ab
sent without leave' on the muster rolls
of his* regiment."
General Merritt . made this indorse
ment: "Respectfully forwarded for the
action of the chief of cavalry. The case
mentioned within Is the third in which
Colonel Alger has absented himself from
the command without proper authority
since the commencement of the present
year's campaign. Severe measures should
be taken to prevent a recurrence of this
evil." ■ yyv yy-y „
* And General Torbert said: Respect
fully ' forwarded, with the recommenda
tion that he be dismissed from the serv
ice for absence without leave, subject to
the approval of the President. Such cases
are too numerous, and the scarcity of of
ficers requires immediate action to be
taken." *'*.'/
To this General Sheridan added: "Re
spectfully forwarded. I understand that
Colonel Alger is on some military duty at
Washington, but It Is evident that he has
left his command without authority, and
it appears that he has done so before. I
have always considered Colonel Alger a
good officer, but I cannot excuse his con
duct or withhold my approval to the rec
ommendation of his immediate command
ers." -"
< Irregular Resignation.
Here we see that the very men who had
been his zealous friends in endeavoring to
secure for him promotion had condemned
condemned him regretfully but firm
ly. But Alger was In Washington and
was not idle. He says he was 111, but he
was not too 111 to put such machinery in
motion that his resignation was accepted,
though 11 was very irregularly offered—
that Is, not through his Immediate com
manders. They were within a day of.
Washington. He preferred, however, to
get out without any assistance from
them, and so, on September 6, 1864, ' • he'
sent his resignation directly to the Sec
retary of War, giving as his reason for
throwing up his commission the necessity
f or his presence at home. This resigna
tion reached the President and Mr. Lin
coln wrote on it "Let this resignation be
accepted." *- - '-%.." . J ''.■} '
Something appears to have gone wrong,
for nothing more was done with the Al
ger resignation. It may be that Mr. Stan
ton, who was sometimes a law unto him-
Hales.
rich confirmation veilings, gloves, ribbons, dress goods: swell Easter novelties now on display!
I self, held it up to see why Alger was In
; such a hurry to put off his uniform and
j the responsibilities of it. At any rate,
j on September 16 Alger filed another res
; ignation, very much in the same terms
!as that of ten days before. This went
j through like a whistle. The same day.
, Mr. Lincoln wrote on it "Let this resig-
I nation be accepted;" the next day Mr.
j Stanton Indorsed it "Accepted," and on
I September 19, 1864, Edward Townsend,
! acting adjutant-general, announced in
j special orders No. 311 that Colonel R. A.
: Alger was "honorably discharged."
' ■ Moral and Physical Characteristics.
And so he who to-day is the head of the
j War Department, civil commander of the
army, and the man of the hour, by a
! short cut got ahead of the greatest cav
alrymen ln the. service and escaped the
punishment they thought he merited.
. In thus' running away from the conse
quences of his own acts Alger showed
early in his career a characteristic which
j has marked it all the way through. He
has a short-lived physical courage and no
moral courage whatever. In action he is
a physical Dr. Jekyll: in office he is a
moral Mr. Hyde. This disposition toward
moral cowardice is best shown by his ex
planation of his military record when that
was brought forth as a bar to his politi
cal ambition. • V*7*
He who. had resigned in irregular fash
ion said he never dreamed that there was
anything against, him in his record.
Probably he did not know that in the de
partment he now presides over all the
official documents are preserved. When he
did learn it he placed all the, blame on
Custer— Custer and his broother Tom, two
gallant officers who fell in the battle of
the Little Rosebud in 1876. yy':
Custer, Fays Alger, wanted Alger to se
cure for Tom Custer a lieutenancy in Al
ger's regiment, so that Tom Custer might
serve on his brother's staff. The virtu
ous Alger declined, and so Custer, to get
even, sent in the reports which Merritt.
Torbert and Sheridan indorsed. Had
they also asked favors of Alger? Tom
Custer, it must be said, was one of the
most gallant of the ; young men in the
army. Nothing so added to the disgust
that army officers felt for the man who
Is now Secretary of "War as this dragging
of Tom Custer's name into his. lame de
fense for being absent three times with
out -" leave. Tom Custer was as much
loved as his brother was admired. -\\ . ty
Business Life.
Colonel Alpcr went to . his home in
Grand : Rapids when he . had . finished his
business with the War Department in 15..4,
and presumably he settled up satisfac
torily the business which: made him anx
ious. , lie* stayed In that \ town- till 1867.
when he moved' to Detroit, where, the
firm of Moore & Alger, dealers in pine
lands, was organized. : Dater this was
changed to Alger, Smith & Co., and. If I
mistake not, this firm still exists. . These
firms engaged in the buying and selling
of . timber lands on their own account
rather than for clients, and were success
ful, becoming rich. ,~. 7 7:7*
- Colonel' Alger, brevetted . brigadier gen
eral when the war was over and' brevets
were given to all who asked for them,
began to be -looked- upon twenty years
and more ago as a rich _ man, and early
became; a personage" in the business life
of Detroit. He joined the Grand Army of
the Republic when that body was:organ
ized, and after -'he ' had entered politics
became the national commander. He has
been an* active , member"' always, ; and
speaks at the camp fires on every oppor
tunity. At these camp fires, by the way.
he has the reputation of making the most
inane and platitudinous speeches of any
comrade who is permitted to speak. But
then lt must be remembered that we will
tolerate in a millionaire what we will
stand from no other kind of bore.
Private Life.
. General Alger is also a member of the
Presbyterian church, to which he goes
(.D _tPT< ladies' silk, lace and chlf-
t-aolcl fog capes; Just in "from
attractions . . ew ss,° s7_so; i $_6, i s 26
_L.l_i._-l_; J »x ladles' and misses' tailor- -
ClOaK CleP I made suits, in fly, four
* and cix button and tight-
fitting fronts; colors— tan, black, blue, castor
and red; clothe— broadcloth. Venetian, coverts
and cheviots; _ qualities :...
$10, $12.50, $15, $20 to $35
ladies' and misses' jackets, tailor made, in fly,
four and six button double-breasted fronts;,
cloths broadcloth, kerseys and covert; 6 quali-
ties $3.50, $5, $7.50, $10. $12.50. $15
ladies' wool moreen underskirts, flne width,
with deep flounce and three-space cording; all
the new colorings; exceptional <C Q 1 S_.
value t^O-ItJ
22 ladies' black kersey cloth Jackets, silk lined,
4-button double-breasted fronts, fl_K OO
high rolling collar; excellent value tpCJ.vFvJ
19 ladles' black boucle cloth jackets, half silk
lined, 4-button double-breasted fronts, high-
roll collar; one of spring's crea- <jJ4 OO
15 ladles' black brocaded brilliantine separate
skirts, full width, lined throughout with best
percallne and finished at bottom <J_Q 7£S
with velveteen; a Hale leader tj>o» & t_»
nn et nr the revere effects (Nouveaute
tJd.btt.l de Salson), either ln silk span-
A_.S _____..._-»«. pie or chenille effect, in white
tFlmmingand light shades; $3 # *25
nOVeltl6S the bowknot reigns supreme
thfs season; It Is a revelation
in dainty oddities; we have them in white
spangled netting, bowknot effect, <££_ OO
27 inches wide; per yard «J>_»»W
in black, decidedly rich, per Cg 00
chenille and gilt combination, in ' 2 -inch gimp,
In all colors; will be much used; It) 1 ,->
yard I --.»"-_
steel bead and spangle netting on white net.
used for yokes, 27 inches wide; $5.50
_-._■»_- + _-_« new crush belts In white, dainty
CcLS-CI buckle, for Easter C? 1 -*_*"""_
.i._ suits tJ>I.OO
UeiLS steel and Jet girdles, effect in
?™*.!^;.'%£& -$6.00
silk applique gimp, per yard 40C
delicate, dainty evening shades, 00/.
per yard *>Uv
/Mm/ .*____^2®/ _, "Me/ _a •"•»<-£ . '
/ffl/ /ffl/ <&&£§& <|__=_^ (sBi^<*m*gSP
San Francisco's greatest mail-order house
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
with great regularity. In his family life
he is, I am told, everything that is ad
mirable. He may not be very entertain
ing, to be sure, for he lacks the sense of
humor; but he has been a good provider,
to use a homely and honest old expres
sion, and his nature Is affectionate and
kindly. He lacks polish both in manner
and speech, but in our rough and ready
society we forgive a man such shortcom
ings with much readiness. In his family
life he Is rather commonplace and unin
teresting, which is greatly to his credit.
He has not intruded this on the public,
and the public has no right to invade his
privacy. " .7' .
But with his business and political life
it is different. As a politician he ; has
achieved what distinction has come to
him by reason of his business success;
and his business success has been mainly
due to short cuts, cuts short and sharp,
like that he took when he got his resigna
tion from the army accepted. For in
stance, here is a specimen:
A Little Speculation.
In IRS3 he. and his associates were the
owners of large tracts of pine lands. It
would be a fine thing to cut the timber
off this great area provided it could bo
brought to a good market. A railroad
was needed. But a railroad costs a lot
of money, and when the forest was cut
from this area of Alger lands the railway
would no longer pay, as agriculturally
the territory was almost valueless. The
thing to do was to get some one to build
the road or rather supply the money. Now,
no sane railroad man would go Into the
venture for. the ordinary traffic of the road,
so it was evident that the thing to do was
to get the money from those who did not
understand the situation. The freight
from the proposed road would be taken
to the Michigan Central, so that com
pany was interested in the road to the
extent of the freight while the timber
was being moved.
So General Alger evolved this scheme.
So long as the forest cutting was going
on the road would pay. • That was evi
dent, and the period was fixed— say It was
five or -ten years. But any one can look
It up In Poor's Manual. With this Idea
General Alger got Mr. Ledyard, president
of the Michigan Central,, to guarantee the
coupons of the bonds' for the period,
whatever it was, agreed upon. This made
the bonds absolutely good for that pe
riod. They were sold in New York, one,
and it may be more than one, life in
surance company purchasing a large
block.
During the gathering and marketing of
the timber everything was lovely— the
road made money and the coupons were
regularly paid up to and beyond the.ex
piration of the guarantee by the Michi
gan Central- In 1892 ' the outstanding 6
per cent bonds of the Detroit, Bay City
and Alpena Railroad were $2,500,000. ,' Gen
eral Alger was president, and on the di
rectory with him were Messrs. T. H. New
berry. James McMillan, Hugh McMillan,
M. S. Smith and J. C. McCaul, all of De
troit. -. - ■"•77.. .■ . - -
% In July, 1893, the road defaulted on its
bonds and Don M. Dickinson was ap
pointed receiver in October. The road
was sold under foreclosure on November
8, 1894. It has since been reorganized as
the Detroit and Mackinac Railroad. ..*'.* Mr.
Hawks of Detroit is president, and Mr.
Edward ;N.-Gibbs of New York is in the
directory. It has a capital stock of $2,075,
--000 and a funded debt of $2,918,000.
' That, must -have* been a very profitable
enterprise for Alger and his associates.
The particular -.life .insurance company
changed its "management subsequent to
this very profitable' investment In- the
bonds of the Detroit", Bay City & Alpena
Railroad. But General Alger got his lum
ber to market and Mr. Ledyard carried
the freight.
Rich. Man in Politics.
In such wily ways Alger became rich
and has long been counted a millionaire.
Millionaires have their uses in politics,
and so Alger was enlisted actively in
the cause of Republicanism, in which he
had always been Interested, because pos
Hales.
sibly of natural bent and perhaps some
what by reason of the protection to his
lumber from Canada competition. He
was sent as a delegate to the National
Convention at Chicago in 1884, and he is
said to have liked the experience im
mensely. So when he got back home he
accepted the Republican nomination for
Governor, and was elected by 3.953 votes.
He served only one term, but the Presi
dential bee took permanent lodgment in
his bonnet. It was put there by wily ad
venturers such as Kellogg of Louisiana
and Clayton of Arkansas. These Republi
cans in the South need a man with a
barrel. They cannot keep their negro
supporters together without money. /
So Alger got the Presidential bee in his
bonnet, and he has been a more or less
ridiculous figure ever since, despoiled by
the political adventurers and laughed at
by the politicians who were really in con
trol. At the convention of 1888 he went
there with the support of his State and
was supposed to have a really substantial
boom. On the sixth ballot he had 143
votes, having secured votes from the
dusky delegates of the South. • .
* This was a serious disarrangement of
John Sherman's plans. Indeed, Sherman,
in his book, had this to say of it:
Buying Sherman's Votes.
"I believe and had, as I thought, con
clusive proof that the friends of General
Alger substantially purchased the votes
of many of the delegates from the
Southern States who had been Instructed
by their conventions to vote for me.
"There were eight ballots taken in the
convention, in all of which I had a- large
plurality of 'votes until the last one."
(Harrison was not considered party to
any deal.)
"The only feeling of resentment I en
tertained was in regard to the action of
the friends of --General Alger ln tempting
with money poor negroes to violate the
instructions of their constituents."
Some others took Alger's interference
more gayly. For instance, this colloquy
was reported as having taken place be
tween Butterworth of Ohio and Palmer of
Michigan just after the convention:
Butterworth— lt was a mean thing.
Palmer, to buy our niggers away from us.
Palmer— Well, we bought 'em first.
When General Harrison was elected Al
ger sought to go Into his Cabinet, but
Harrison made him no offer. It was
freely hinted when McKinley. was seeking
the nomination that Alger's experience in
getting delegates In the. South was used
by ' Hanna; and when Alger was invited
to a place in the Cabinet there was a sus
picion that Alger helped with something
more substantial than experience. The
experiences of the last year lead many to
believe that the obligations to Alger are
very heavy/ else he would not be re
tained. .-. yyyyi
•' It is quite impossible to believe that
McKinley would have selected Alger for
War Secretary had be expected that we
should have war. He was unfitted for
the" duty *in even* way. He* has really
had little administrative experience. His
fortune was accumulated, by speculation,
and not in ordinary business. His short
term as Governor of Michigan was really
about all *. the . administrative experience
he ever had. Then he was old— not old
in years, but actually old, for time had
used him hardly— and he was out of
health. He was quite unfit for the larger
duties to which he was called.
In his manner of conducting business
he has two methods. One is to be agree
able. When he has this fit he is apolo
getic rather than genial. The other is
when he means to be commanding. Then
he is merely rudely truculent. At either
time he impresses you with the fact that
he is a weak man who would be con
sidered strong, and that he is least of
all a gentleman.
Such was the man who was placed at
the head of an army the officers of which
despised him. With the prejudice against
him. with his lack of experience, with
his weak vanity and with his broken
health, he fell an easy victim to War De
partment politics, and thereafter, except
when he surprised himself with a silly
squeak, such as his Roosevelt letter, he
never knew that his name was his own.
Hale's
an pr» our window display placed on view yesterday was
wuoit/l pronounced the finest exhibit of spring- styles at mod-
TnillinPPV crate prices which has yet been seen in this city:
lllllllllClj we shall be pleased for you to see it; walk round the
department; you won't be able unless you look at the
tag on each Imported hat to tell the originals from the duplicates; our
display of imperial purple and the magnificent toques have excited'
universal approbation; every hat made to order is a study in itself;
a creation in itself; the essence of refinement.
Pnnfl'PTYia'Hnn confirmation veilings of mechlin £7_T__-»
. . net ' 72 ,nches wide yard OUC
VPilinOfC white wash veils with embrold- <I» f (IS
TCUUIgO . ere( borders; each, 25c to tpl.-_it>
"*"m**"l rihhnnC white net footings. %-inch wide, '■■■■■:■ yard; Hi
l 1UU.119 inches wide, 4c; IVa inches wide, 5c yard: 2*4
inches wide, 6V4c yard; 2% inches wide, S l-3c: white moire and plain
taffeta silk ribbons for confirmation sashes, rich and pure as can be.
number 40, per yard, 19c: number 60, per yard, 20c; number SO, per
yard,- 25c; white double-face all silk cord edge satin ribbon, number
22, 25c yard; number 80, 40c yard. :
COnfl 3 1*1 children's white taffeta confirmation gloves..
OrlQ-ypo ladies' white taffeta gloves; sizes 6to 7 ._..
2-clasp white "HB" lambskin gloves with white backs _.. »1
3-clasp white Hte Jouvin French kid gloves, white stitching. .$1.50
50 dozen 2-clasp lambskin gloves, until sold s»c pair
po pT» Aunt Lydia'- linen finish thread, for bachelors, travelers
eoOWI and " general family use; as strong as linen; colors black.
TIOtIOTIQ unbleached, white and red brown; 100-yard spool for. .sc
11-UllUlla Marshel's linen thread; 200-yard spool: each 7*_c
Dexter knitting cotton; ba11.. ..5c darning cotton; ball 2c
darning wool; card ..3c Milward's needles; paper 3c
Franklin tape; roll ....2c
brush edge skirt binding; yard .' '...8c and -12c
Coats' or Clark's spool cotton; 7 spools for..' '.._ 25e'
kid hair curlers; ■ dozen '..'..... .*..'...' 4c to 12c
ladles' velvet grip-gored belt hose supporters. In black only; pair.. 25c
ladles' fancy frilled side supporters, with j velvet grip; In black and
colors; pair '." 30c
eagle pins; paper 3c cabinet hair pins; .box 2c, .'tc and 5c
5-hook corset clasps; pair '.. *....sc, THe arid lOc
common-sense skirt braid, with cord edge; yard 12 ; c
gold and oxidized fancy belt buckles, with jewel settings; each. .lsc
mohair soutache braid, all shades, 24 yards to- piece; piece.... .....lOc
ladles' shell side combs: pair .....'. .'...10c-to 75c
Japanese shell hairpins; dozen 20c
qw+ CAIIQPDC 50 dozen 6x6-inch . round and square tambour
di L aijUaiCO open work doylies 3c each
QTIfJ InPPC 20x20-inch square open work tambour, stand
anu IdICS covers . 2 - c each
1500 yards Medel and English Torchon Normandle and Pt. de : Paris
val. laces, 2 to 3% inches wide; worth 10c to 15c per yard; will be
placed on sale at ■ 5c per yard
PJI •""itPT*' 14,700 yards all-silk heavy
vaolgl quality satin and gros grain
T»iV»V»rm o«al-a ribbons: in li -At an ' staple
1 kUUUII bO.lt" colors; will be placed on
*. sale this morning at the
following low prices:
1000 yards No. 2 or %-inch wide 2.ice yard
3000 yards No. 5 or 1-inch wide 5c yard
2120 yards No. 7 or IU-inch wide <>c yard
2880 yards No. 9or I,—i nch wide. .B l-3c yard
2700 yards No. 12 or 1%-inch wide lOc yard
1800 yards No. 16 or 2'i-inch wide.. .12*7.c yard
950 yards No. 22 or 2»i-lnch wide 15c yard
250 yards No. 40 or 3%-inch wide 20c yard
In the "War Office.
..tale's. •
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas I. O. R. M.. nas decided to
give a social on the last Thursday of each
month in the social hall of the Shiels
building. The next, designated as a "bon
bon," will be given on the 30th inst , ai d
Mrs. J. Weiss. l Mabel Scary, Mrs. J W
Hagans, F. W. Kewels "and Thomas
Roach have been appointed a committee
to^arrange for the event.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
A new tribe of this order Is being or
ganized by Past Sachem C. Nielson in the
Mission district. He is assisted in th»
work by a number of individuals of the
district who are prominent in fraternal
societies. The headquarters will probab
ly be in Mission Opera Hall.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
""** ' -y y<y
Wood seat Rocker, with
broad flat arms and high
back...... SL
A home can't have too many rockers
—let them bring comfort to every
room. For the parlor some elegant
Flemish, Mahogany and Golden Oak,
in rich and novel designs, $14.50,
$18.50, $20. : ;7.y7; *_. v-7
Funny, the other day a customer
said "1 didn't know you sold com-
forters Bless you, yes, lots of them.
For instance, here's one you've been ,
paying as high as four dollars for;
sateen comforter well stitched, (not
cheap tufting) this weeek $1.55
Fine satin edge (that's something
new — and good) Eider down com-
forters, $8.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Out of the wealth of carpets, com-
prising a selection of the best in every
grade, we pick a value worth your
attention. Velvet and Moquette carpets,
with borders to match, sewed, lined
and laid, a yard, $1
Free delivery. Oakland, Alameda. Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN <_. CO.,
233 to 237 Post St.. S. F.
Open erenings . Near Stockton
n _i^
RADWAYS'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain llemedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.