VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 103.
THE PULPIT RISES IN PROTEST
OF THE CURSE OF INGLESIDE
The clergymen of this city have seldom given an expression of their intense interest in a measure of great public moment such as was voiced last
night by ministers of the Gospel, who, as by a common impulse, denounced the terrible evil of horse-racing gambling, and called upon the Supervisors to
stand by their determination to kill the devastating scourge of the racecourse, once and for all, in this city.
In every part of the city clergymen spoke in earnest pleading for the proposed ordinance. Every Christian creed was represented in the crusade.
In support of a great public cause, in scathing condemnation of a great evil that has been raised to the bad dignity of a public curse, creeds were forgotten
and ministers of every denomination found a common ground in the defense of morality.
The spectacle was as unusual as it was impressive. Tens of thousands of men, women and children were addressed and listened to the dark story
of Ingleside as clergymen know it in disgraced men, dishonored women, corrupted children and wrecked homes. Picturing this story of the curse of the
racecourse in San Francisco, these ministers of God called upon the Board of Supervisors to resist the temptations that may be held forth and, in making the
new ordinance a law, earn the gratitude of all who seek the welfare of the city.
This plea is made on the eve of the day when the Supervisors meet to confirm or dishonor their own action. In support of the law the Supervisors
have element of decency, morality and good government. Arrayed against the ordinance are professional bribe takers and givers, gamblers and blacklegs.
The Supervisors will decide with their votes this afternoon under whose colors they wish to serve.
"HOMES DESTROYED (\ND LIVES BLIGHTED."
In the course of his sermon
ast evening Rev. Dr. E. Ne
ander, pastor of the First Ensr
ish Lutheran Church, said:
"We all admire the horse.
We do not believe a horse's
speed is necessarily a sin. But
•why should the speed of the
horse be cultured at the ex
pense of human degradation.
The evil begins when th^ bet
ting begins — when fast horses
make fast men. Only those
people who have investigated
the subject have any Idea of
he magnitude of poolroom
gambling in our city. Young
men and boys make ud the
multitude of the patrons of the
poolrooms. Our prisons are full
of men who ascribe their for
gery, thefts and embezzlements
to their infatuation f r pool
room gambling. No form of
gambling offers such tempta
tions, and the very fact that it
requires po little money is why
the first theft from employers is
so easily made. Superintendent
Byrnes of New York City said:
•We are sending men to prison
right along on account of the
race gambling craz-.' Personally I know of homes in San Franei^o
that have been destroyed and the lives of young men blighted in the
■a training sohnols of forgery and defalcation.
Rev. Dr. E. Nelander.
"IT IS HIGH TIME TO KILL THE GIONT EVIL."
The Rev. Dr. J. N. Beard. $
pastor of Grace MethodiFt •?
Episcopal Church, denounced g
with unqualified vehemence last p
night the giant twin evils of £
b-okmakins? and poolselling. S
The reverend speaker called p
upon the Supervisors to sus- £
tain the action aiready so well p
taken an " to destroy the privi- <%
leges of the gamblers. In sub- *c
stance the pastor spoke as fol-
"I havp supposed that all X
right-thinking people, what- £
ever their creed or consistency O
on other matters, could agree
that gambling, even in its more o»
private phases, is evil and only <>
evil. But when it is elevated to •*
an institution, shamelessly and -f
gaudily advertised and system- O
at: "ally used to debauch, not
only men, but women and chil- 4 «
dr-n as well, it is time for O
public sentiment to assert
itself. I have no sympathy with ..•
the mention of business' in O
connection with all this pool-
selling and bookmaking, which ,*
neither make goods nor facili- 9
"-' -ate equitable exchange. I have little personal acquaintance with our g
«< present Board of Supervisors, but from their standing as business men gj
H and from the position which I suppose most of them occupy as hea«l.-- H
'•'■' of families, I cannot se»? how they can lend their official sanction to g
\ racetrack gambling, any more than they could vote to establish in our # «
midst a Monte Carlo or Baden Baden. S
R«v. J. N. Beard.
"THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS IS ON TRIOL "
Rev. H. T. Shepard, pastor of
Olivet Congregational Church. *•
. . .- ■ _ prayed last night that the Board £>
of Supervisors should remain £jj
firm in their purpose to stamp V,
out the evil of gambling and be ££
true to their colors as servants £>
of the public will. When his i?
prayer was concluded he spoke S
as follows: ££
"To-morrow shall bean event- ■•?
ful day for the city of San Fran- H
clsco. Before another sun shall <►
have passed to its setting those S3
in whose hands we have - in- j~
trusted the safety of our public £>
morals will have had an op- ,?
portunity of lifting a curse from £
our midst or strengthening the 3
meshes which entangle thou- _ig
sands of our people in the throes '1>
of degradation and despair. 8
"We shall watch our Board of So
Supervisors. They are our ser- &
vants, and when the sentiment- $.
of the people shall have been 8?
made known to them' they are H
bound to do its bidding. The 0
wish of the people is that the •§
gambling incident to t. ; horse 2
racing at Ingleside shall be S
abolished, and to our city ♦*
fathers we look for the sustain- S
ing of the resolution recently f?
introduced by Dr. Perrault. § **
"I speak in words of love as §?
well as law. W.e have seen the #
vitals sapped from our youths, who have fallen from positions of confl- •?
dence and of trust. We have seen our daughters descend to prostitu- £$
tion and the fathers of our homes starve their offspring that they £,
might fill the coffers of the Ingleside bookmakers. Under our own &
observation thousands of lives have been blignted and homes depraved. v
This is the time for action. . • \ 8
Rev. H. T. Shepard.
The San Francisco Call.
"THE RACECOURSE WS BECOME HfICELDfIMA-THE FIELD OF BLOOD."
One of the most scathing denun- iations and most complete ar
raignments of the race course and ts manifold evils was given yes
terday by the Rev. Father Mac- orry of the Paulist Fathers of this
city. " The reverend gentleman is horoughly informed on the terrible
subject and his words are worthy f the most serious consideration.
In part Father MacCorry spoke as ollows:
■It seems to me that one point at east has been conclusively demon
strated by The Call in its present iscuesion of the gambling: plague:
that the race track as It is here and ow conducted is an unmitigated
curse. "Now in saying this there is in
tended no unqualified attack or in- lscriminate assault upon the turf.
A race course can be maintained long the lines of right and moral
principles. The cultivation of a wift-hoofed horse, it seems to me.
is in itself commendable: and to lace a prize within the reach of
the fleetest racer is quite as blame- pss as to reward a farmer who
grows good wheat— or to give a cube of sugar to our best-conducted
child. That is one way of stimulat- ng progress and developing our
race '-But in racing as in other games
of risk, the sin begins where the rambling begins, and there is little
doubt that with us the gambling has closely approached the
proportions of a national calamity. " In one >' ear ln * ew * or ]L Cl * y
there were seven million dollars laeriflced at the poolrooms-fifty to
a hundred thousand dollars chang- hands at single race tracks .in a
single day. It is estimated that in this country there are three thou
sand five hundred professional gamblers scattered up and down
and across the land. That means professional plunder, professional
rapine, professional theft. Ind- dentally it means three thousand
five hundred people banded in syst ematic warfare to wreck our
homes and make paupers of our children.
•To me there is no other human passion so desperately cruel. Once
let its fire charge the blood and there are no depths to which it will
not lower, no cruelty at which it Is appalled, no threat of the Lord God
Almighty that it will not dare. "That to me is the most terrifv
inKfeatur- ..f the vice: it is so piti- !•"• «> merciless and eft-.*', that
once its victim gets grapplr-d by its tyranny and well under way on the
downward track, it srinetimes seems that man or devil cannot make him stop.
"A gambler sees th dissioation is making shipwreck of his home: that his life is an abiding periurv
against his marriage vow: that his dwds are daggers in c rt of ttre, woman he has made his wife: that his
sons have the taunt of their father's debauchery thrown in their faces: that his daughters par out into life
with the stigma of a disreputable parent on their names. An appreciation of it all breaks in upon him. He
tries to stop. He clutches desperately at the landmarks of a Christian life. But the fire is in his blood and
the madness in his brain— and it does seem sometimes that he simply cannot stop— the infatuation is so piti
less, so desperate and strong.
• Mind you, I say nothing against the horse, nothing against the turf, nothing against the tracks as such.
But this I say, that all three have been prostituted and abused until the word 'Racecourse* painted above the
gates should better read 'Haceldama— that is to say, 'The Field of Blood."
"Any movement, then, tha*. will save men's souls from such disaster must needs be right. The racing in
terests have, I know, tremendous resources as potent arguments to prove the present movement wrong. But
never mind! We have much faith that the men at present in public office can well be trusted with our children's
safety and the public weal, as their stand and votes on the present question, I am sure, will tell."
'CRUSH OUT ITS WICKED LIFE UNDER THE MUNICIPAL HEEL."
One of the most stirrine con- demnations of the racing evil was
that delivered last night by the R« v - William Rader, pastor of the
Third Congregational Church. The reverend gentleman begged the Su
pervisors in behalf of everything decent to make the proposed ordi
nance a law. In part the reverend gentleman spoke as follows:
"I have been asked, with other clergymen, to say a word on the
evils of the Ingleside racing track. and to lend the support of this
church to the efforts now being made by our Supervisors to control
the great spider of our city, which is weaving its nefarious web over
our social and business life. "A spider is not to be controlled
except for scientific purposes, but killed if poisonous: that is the only
sensible thing to do with the Inele- Bide race track. The Supervisors
could do no better thing for the re- spectable portion of the community
that to crush out its wicked life un- der the municipal heel.
"Ingleside is a disgrace to the city, a dishonor to the State, a
wrecker of homes, a despoiler of womanhood, an enemy to business.
a rendezvous of the worst element of society, a breeder of murders,
bankruptcy, divorces, chicanery. clandestine meetings, Inancial ruin,
dishonesty and the spirit of gam- bling.
"No other city in the land ocr- mits such a foul and vicious mon
ster to continue so long with such brazen disrespect of law, decency
and respectability. "Down with it! Its excuse for
existing is conceived in the passion tor gambling. The whole object of
the thing is rotten through and through. Its influence upon the
city is damaging to the treme. No defense can be made in its be
h. " It is self-condemned. It is a public enemy thus far protected
by law. The Call of this city has recently published a long list of the
reported victims of • Ir.:r!eside track and of the downtown pool
rooms, but The Call .v Wished only a part of the bloody record. Every
pa: tor in the city . iuld acM to the sensational evidence, brandin- the
racing business as the chief evil of San Francisco.
'"The ministers are often remind- ed of the ruin • homes, loss of sit
uations, corrupted and penniless husbands and ruined sons aid
daughtezs. If the rue sto • Ingleside were told I- would make a chapter of - -1 life which we id horrify
the city and compel the Supervisors at their meeting to-morrow night to put a lock which no man cot .d
br ak with money or politics upon the gates of Ingleside, and every offlCf would be compelled to enforce the
po> -oom ordinance downtown.
"I do not hesitate to say th: the Ingleside evil, with its associated vices, is the greatest enemy to the mor
:ty and good order of our city. Crrnh it out! I hope the Sui rvisors will not scotch but kill the thing. It
has been kicked ov. ■ the land, from State to State, and -- -n city to city, until at last we give it refuge and
sanction it with our hosp table laws. Shame on us! Why should California be the garbage receptacle for the
United States? Why should San Francisco tolerate annually a horde of loafers who are the bloodsucker 1 - of so
ciety? It is true that many remain here — in our prisons, as the court records show; but why sh :ld we tol
fe such a nuisance? *
"It is the clear duty of the people to speak, that the ramblers may not do all the talking. The contest is
between the gamblers and the resDec table portion of the community. The Board of Supervisors is on trial.
The issue is before us and we are to see what kind of metr.l we have in our Supervisors.
"Therefore let public opinion reinforce thei». Let pulpits and churches be heard. Let every mother who
loves her sons and daughters, every merchant who would trust his clerk and every citizen who believes in
municipal self-respect support the Supervisors in their first great battle with the worst element in the city, and
earnestly work for the ultimate destruction of this disgraceful parasite of the State of California and the City of
San Francisco."
The battle that will be fought to-day in the chamber of the Board of
Supervisors will be one of the greatest ever lost or won in San Francisco.
The gamblers of the racecourse and their allies, the blacklegs of the pool
rooms, have united to save bookmaking and poolselling from destruction in
this city, These combined forces possess enormous influence. They want
the proposed ordinance modified or action postponed. They have wealth and
corrupt power to support their tiemand.
Opposed to them, and as solidly united, are all decent classes in the
community. Merchants and workingmen, employes and employers, bankers,
clerks, clergymen, the press and the pulpit, are combined in earnest, per
sonal support of the final adoption and operation of the prohibitory ordinance.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
Rev. Father .~MMCorry J
Rev. William Rader.
| 'THE CURSE MUST BE DESTROYED IN THIS CITY.":
The Rev. John Stephens,
pastor of the Simpson
Methodist Episcop 1 Church,
spoke eloquently and earnestly
yesterday upon the great curse
of the track and the necessity
for its destruction. In part the
reverend gentleman spoke as
follows:
"The gambling queition has
become unusually prominent
during the past week through a
resolution passed to print by our
Board of Supervisors. It aims at
the eradi--*" of poolroon* and
racetrack gambling within the
confines of the city. This reso
lution comes up for h.ial con
sideration to-morrow. Its pas
sage will be most desperately
resisted by the fraternity. They
claim it means the death of
racing in San Francsco, for
racing without gambling is a
financial impossibility. Very
well; let racing' cease and the
habitues of the track depart and
our city will be well rid of these
unsavory characters.
"It is not astonishing our mu
nicipal authorities should take
such a step as is proposed if
they have the slightest regard for tne weuare 01 me community wnoso
affairs they are elected to control. One can only marvel at the moral in
sanity of our State Legislature that rejected a very mild measure in
tended to grant relief from conscienceless harpies that prey upon the
prosperity and happiness of our people. With amazing servility the ma
jority knuckled down to these corrupt powers who know so well tie po
litical ways that are dark and tricks that are vain.
"Seneca said of ancient gambling places that they were houses not
afraid of magistrates. Too long has this vice snapped its fingers at the
authorities and defied the moral sentiment of the community. New Jer
sey, New York and Connecticut have driven the gamblers out. and
through California's open door they have come in droves to destroy our
youth and corrupt our people's morals.
"The history of their presence, here Is one of murder, suicide, embez
zlement and every kindred crime. The Superintendent of of New
York City, who evidently thinks the soul of a young man is worth more
than a fast horse, said: 'It would be well to stop racing altogether.
Actual experience has satisfied me that no form of gambling offers
greater temptations to young men to take what is not theirs.' Senator
Chauncey M. Depew declares 'ninety per cent of the defalcations and
thefts and ruin of youths among people who are employed in places of
trust are due directly to gambling. I have come to believe that the com
munity which tolerates public gambling cannot have prosperity in busi
ness, religion in its churches or morality among its people.' Yet we as
a city have meekly submitted to rest under this curse. Ancient Egypt
banished gamblers to the quarries. Let a long-suffering people arise now
to declare that these ministers of crime must either amend their ways
and turn to honest means of livelihood or take their departure, bag and
baggage, from our midst."
"THE INFAMIES fIND CRIMES OF THE RfICE TRACK";
Dr. Alexander N. Carson,
in the Trinity Presbyterian
Church, corner of Twenty-third
and Capp streets, spoke last
night in part as follows on the
"unutterable iniquities, infa
mies and crimes" of the race
course:
"We live in a city that in part
supports two large racetracks
for six or eight months in the
year. Chicago and New York,
each place much larger than
San Francisco and Oakland to
gether, have only two months
of racing:. We are a city of
gamblers imbued with a desire
to make money easily and rap
idly, hence our two flourishing
racecourses. I am told that
often the poolmen here han
dle as much as $80,000 in one
racing day, and that the quar
ter of a million dollars invested
at Ingleside was all returned to
the investors in two seasons.
Think of $250,000 taken from the
dupes, men, women and chil
dren, in two seasons. O Lord,
how long will such conti. .c?
"To-morrow the Board of Supervisors will vote to abolish the devil
ish evil. After its terrible arraignment of horseracing it cannot do less
than sweep it out of this county for good. It is debauching manhood,
womanhood and even childhood.
"No poet has ever described, no painter has ever pictured, no actor
has ever represented the unutterable iniquities, infamies, crimes and
agonies that attend the awful and infernal practices growing out of
these racecourses. It is a perpetual outrage upon every holy instinct
and upon every feeling of humanity. From beginning to end there is
not one redeeming feature in this deadly business. Occasionally some
open atrocity takes place which finds voice and is heralded hrough the
land. But how many thousands and tens of thousands of crimes are
instigated by this foul spirit of hell which are never reported? Only
the eye of God can see the woe and pain and sorrow and shame which
is endured by their hapless victims. He will eventually bl?st and de
stroy the men who aid, abet and countenance this most iniquitous
work. This is the business the State refuses to put a stop to, and
thereby in a sense throws its protection about it. ,
"This is the business that would rule politics and with unlimited
capital purchase venal politicians, dictate United States Senators, crush
out men of responsibility and integrity, fight against the gospel of the
son of God, trample beneath its unclean hoofs every high and holy am
bition of the human race, pull down from their lofty position statesmen,
rulers and men of every grade in life and consign them to pauperism,
degradation, crime and death.
"This is the business that would destroy our children, darken our
homes and polute our land. Shall this curse devour forever? 'How
ing, O Lord, how long?"
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Rev. John Stephens.
Rev. Dr. A. N. Carson.2
CHURCH ARRAYED AGAINST THE GAMBLERS.
i"RfILLY TO THE SUPPORT OF THE SUPERVISORS, "j
At the Howard-street Meth
odist Episcopal Church last
night the pastor, Rev. Dr. uohn
A. B. Wilson, in prelude to his
sermon on "How to Be Born
Again" spoke in part as fol
ows:
"At ono important point in
wide open town the Super
iors have called a halt upon a
firiety of infamy by passing an
ordinance against pool selling
upon races.
"A year ago one of honorable
ineage, prominent in " society
and holding a high fiduciary
position, went down under the
ntluence of this fascination and
s now a criminal. But how
many hundreds of less promi
nent persons have committed
embezzlement, led on by this
ame infatuation? Th^ action
>f the Supervisors is ;: Step In
he right direction. But if they
pul teeth into this ordinance
and secure a rigid enforcement,
t will raise a storm from the
thieves and cutthroats that
manage this business that will make necessary the raiiying of all moral
mdfi of dollars in this thievery that has
bo long been ;■ '>d they will spend tens of thousands to .secure
al of the ordinance or to prevent its enforcement. Or, failing in
both, to ruin our Incorruptible officials. I put this pulpit to-night in
nomination to supp it the Supervisors in their good work. 1 call upon
you. my people, to give heartily and grandly your mural support to
these officers who seem alive to their responsibility. The newspapers
are in line, and if the newspapers and pulpits and Christian people
stand by them in every way possible and proper, even the money of
these gamblers will fail to buy immunity for the furtherance of this
ii' farioue business.
•The utter and hopeless demoralization of gambling cannot be
overestimated. It means ruin both to the guilty and to the innocent.
Let every believer in a cleaner city give his moral support to the Su
pervisors who have had the courage to open the fight upon this gang
of miscreants. But the cure for this and other sins is not in palliative
methods. The radical remedy is the new birth. 1 call your attention
to the subject of the evening, 'How to Be Born Again.' 'For except
a man be born of water and of the spirit, ye cannot see the kingdom of
God. 1 (John lli:14.)"
Rev. J. A. B Wilson, Howard-Street M. E.
Church.
"MORE POWER TO THOSE THAT ORE IN THE FIGHT
■ - fa H i
The Rev. J. George Gibson,
> preaching last night, took for
> his text the words in Proverbs,
' xiv:l2. 'There is a way which
j seemeth right unto a man; but
[ the end thereof are the ways of
| death." Referring to the race
j track he said:
j "Every good Christian should
I rejoice that the fight against the
5 racetrack has begun. There
| never was a sadder and truer
j article than appeared in The
I Call last week. If any disease
\ laid low so many people we
; would all be taking measures
! against it. This racetrack has
f been allowed to go on for years.
' Our boys Have been leaving the
| churches, women their homes
> and men their offices. People
> have tried to convince me
> that Pan Francisco contained
> so many poor people. I could
: not believe it when I lived on
Mission street and saw the cars
carry their thousands of pas
sengers to the races. But as
they passed people were pointed
out to me who had not paid
their rent, nor paid for their
clothes, nor even for their food.
In debt, yet going to the races!
"Young men have not enough money to gamble. They borrow and
steal, hoping to pay back before discovered. But the races are not con
ducted on the principle that the many will make money. The few grow
rich, the many become poor. This Is the plan. It is evident, everybody
knows it, yet people get such a love of the races that they will go. Ex
cept for the excitement they might as well fling their money in the tire
and watch it melt. Gambling is called a delusion. There is no delusion
"about it. People like to be foaled. The deep desire to get something for
nothing is at the bottom of it all. Even some of our church people are
"touched with this desire. If we called cmr church rolls and asked each
one if he had ever bought a lottery ticket the answer might surprise us.
"It is time we were setting our face against gambling In all its forms.
To see the women and girls hanging on the cars and sitting on the Bteps
as they go to the races is a vision to sadden any sensible heart. How our
American women are changing: In a few years will it be possible to
find a woman who loves her home and think? it an honor to be a good
wife and mother? And as the girls degenerate so do the boys. Return
ing horn? a little boy said: 'Mother. I saw a man selling his coat at the
■ races.' Yes, but it is a question many a time of selling a life. More
power to those who an- in this fight against the racetrack!"
;"!T IS AN ENEMY THfIT MUST BE THROTTLED."
Rev. W. E. Dugan.
feeling of complacency on her
victories over the darkness o'J the past, ut when sh* turns her eyes on
the raceir. ''':s of our city and their nefarious gamblings she must
blush deeply with shame. Will you picture to yourself the farts as
they are? Young men just starting in life who ought to be laying the
foundation for a successful life and a happy home by saving their
earnings and Improving their time, think of them spending much of
that valuable time by dabbling in race pools, think of them spending all
their spare money on dog races?
"Ah. that is not the worst, for when their own money fails too often
their employers' is turned into the same channel of hell, and then be
gins the rapid descent that ends in defeat, financial, intellectual and
moral. Worse still, too often the married man's hard earnings that
ought to go to feed his children go on the swift wings of the race.
Worse still is the fact that the mother, the intended goddess of the
home and molder of the young lives intrusted to her— she who ought
to be the glory of humanity— is found debasing herself by dabbling in
this crude and savage pool gambling. Oh, mothers, do you think more
of the dog race than the child of your breast?
"At these pool gamblings young girl* are seduced into lives of
shame, families are wrecked and homes are ruined. This nefarious
practice of pool gambling is a menace to all honest business enter
prise and stifling to all honest individual effort; it strikes at the foun
dation of all morals and is an enemy that must be throttled if we
would save thousands of our young men from the vagrant's life. In
the name of the God of honest, in tho name of religion, in the name
of civilization, In the name of fair San Francisen, the pearl of the
Pacific, in the name of all that Is noble and elevating, let us trample to
the death this writhing, poisonous serpent of hell."
Rev. J. George Gibson.
Among the many local
clergymen wh<-> addressed their
congregations last night on the
horrors of the race ourse was
the Rev. W. E. Dugan. pastor
of the Stewart Memorial United
Presbyterian Church. In the
course of his sermon the rev
erend gentleman said:
"I am glad that a movement
is being inaugurated against
race gambling in our city. The
city authorities seem to be
aroused on the subject and The
Call is making a commendable
attack against this horrible
business. I deem it the duty
of the pulpit and Christian
people to unite with the press
to stamp out a business that is
disgusting in the extreme and
a b'.ot on the fair city of San
Francisc<~
"Proud civilization of the
nineteenth century holds her
head high and looks with a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
7 HOPE THIS EVIL WILL RECEIVE ITS DEATH BLOW.'
The Rev. Frederic C. Lee, pas
tor of the California -street Meth-
odist Church, added his words
yesterday to the crusade of the
clergymen against the Ingleside
racecourse. The reverend gentle
man spoke in part as follows:
"Ingleside or the right side —
which?
"All hail to our Board of Su
pervisors. All honor to Dr. Per
rault for his resolution concern
ing Ingleside and its 'pools,' into
which plunge men and women,
youth and innocence.
"Perhaps not any one of these
gentlemen will care one whit about
my commendation, but it is no
more than fair play for us to ex
press our approval, and for the
public to show its appreciation,
when our city officials do the
right thing. While we are so
quick to find fault and say sharp
things let us also be quick to
recognize the right and not be too
stinted in our praise. That the
racetrack gambling is a curse that
rests upon our city like a blight
cannot be denied. That it has been
rf-sponpible for the downfall of more men and women than any other one
evil in the community the police and penitentiary records can prove. I
wish it to be distinctly understood that I have nothing: of the narrow
gauge, single track in my make-up.
•■I do not expect the city of San Francisco to be run under the
Methodist discipline. I recognize that the discipline is for those who
want it. My right leaves off just where the right of somebody else be
gins. I am free to confess that like the majority of Methodist minis
ters lam fond of a good horse— a two-thirty one preferred. I do not
deny that there is a large amount of honest fun and excitement in a
genuine horse race. If I was on the road and another man tried to give
me his dust the only way he could do so would be by having a horse that
trotted in a faster class than mine.
'There is a silly impression abroad among Christians and non- f
Christians alike that whatsoever things are stupid, whatsoever things are
slow whatsoever things are dull and dyspeptic, out of date and behind
the age are pre-eminently pious and Christian; that everything religious
is in slow metre and carried on to the tune of the 'Dead March in Saul.'
Therefore the preacher in riding his circuit should drive a ring-boned,
spavined, sprained, coffin-jointed 'skate.' This same reasoning would
compel Christians to cross the ocean in a tramp sailing vessel in place of
an ocean greyhound; to travel across the continent on a 'mixed local' in
stead of a Pullman vestibuled. and insist on Mr.' Crittenden, the mil
lionaire evangelist, hitching his private car to a way freight and not to
the Cannon-ball Express or the Sunset Limited.
"Is it any more impious to ride behind a horse going in 2:10 than it
is to ride behind a locomotive going at the rate of 1:50? Nonsense!
Sleepiness is not synonymous with sanctity. Laziness is not to be mis
taken for piety. Christian character is not developed or improved by urg
ing a broken-winded 'Dobbin' over a corduroy road at the rate of three
miles an hour. We have fast yachts, fast steamships, fast trains, fast
cruisers. By all means let us have fast horses! Let us have improve
ment all along the line. Breed better stock and increase their useful
ness at every possible point. More eggs from our hens, more wool from
our she,ep, more milk from our cows, more beef from our steers, more
speed from our horses. But no one will make the pretense that this is
being done at Ingleside. In place of improving the animal it degrades
the human. Horses here are merely the gambler's tools— his loaded dice
and 'brace box,' with which he robs his victims. Here man's best friend
is turned into his worst enemy, which. Mazeppa-like, dashes away with
him to shame and ruin. I hope our honorable body of Supervisors will
at their session to-morrow give this evil its death blow. Then let the
bpttf>r element of our city come to the support of the Supervisors and
demand that this law be enforced to the very letter; that our police be
compelled, by the force of public sentiment, to enforce the law and shut
up these deadfalls and not wink at the violation of the law in letter and
in spirit.
"What we need in our city (as needed in every city) is not more law,
but a fnithful enforcement of the laws we have. I find that it costs the
taxpayers of San Francisco nearly one million dollars every year to fun
its police force and Police Courts, and what are we getting in return?
Are there fewer criminals than there were five or three years ago? Are
there fewer places of evil resort— where crimes are brooded and hatched
by the black breast of lust and greed? Are the number of brothels,
gambling dens and opium joints less than before? If not, then in the
name of outraged decency and slaughtered innocence, what are we pay
ing for?
."Simply for the privilege of being allowed to live? Thankful for not
being dragged from our beds at midnight, or murdered in broad day
light upon the streets? Is the entire population criminal? Is it half
criminal? Is it not true that the number of professional crooks— the real
criminal class— is only a very small proportion of the population? Does
it not appear, then, that there is "something rotten in Denmark' when so
small a minority can terrorize over so large a majority and compel the
honest, industrious, law-abiding citizen to pay so high a price for the
peace and protection — which he does not get?
"Are the number of murders any less? Are the crimes against life
and property any less than they were a year ago? If not, why not? Is
it not true that the police know every crook and blackleg in town? Have
they net his photo and record in their possession? Do they not know
every dive, dope den' and gambling hell in the entire city? If not, why
not? I stand here to say that a Chief of Police wearing no one's tag. and
calling no man master, such a Chief could clean up two-thirds of the
open shame and secret vice of our city, or else let his employers— the
people — know the reason why.
"Again I say, all hail to our Supervisors— may they complete that
which they have begun. Three cheers for Dr. Perrault— may his tribe
increase!"
"LET NOT THE PLEA BE IN VAIN."
Rev. Dr. Woods is giving, at
the First Baptist Church, a
course of Sunday evening ser
mons on the life of Christ. Last
evening his subject was "'Christ's
Throne of Judgment." In a pre
lude to his sermon he spoke of
the Supervisors and the race
track something as follows:
"The resolutions prohibiting
betting at the racetracks 'and
coursing parks of this city which
were introduced and 'passed to
print' by our Supervisors last
week certainly commend them
selves to all good citizens.
"It is true here, as in other
cities, that this custom has re
sulted in loss of character and
financial ruin to large numbers
of young men and in debauch
ing young girls and women who
bat for this influence would have
been virtuous and respectable
members of society. This is a
growing evil in this city, and the
number of boys and young men
who are coming under its influ
ence is very large.
"The ordinary gambling dens
are outlaws and hide themselves
in dark corners out of sight and
knowledge of the general public.
But the betting ring is by far a
greater evil. It does not hide
itself, but openly and above board it does its work. Women and boys, as
well as men, are' being corrupted by it. Betting at the racetracks is In
fact a school of instruction in gambling. This work is carried on In vio
lation of law and our Supervisors have the power to crush this giant
evil, and with the po-vver there is the responsibility for its use. It is
their duty to guard the Interests of this city. It is not the guilty, hard
ened ones who are the greatest sufferers, but innocent women and chil
dren.
"I believe it Is the duty of every Christian minister to speak out
boldly concerning this terrible evil. It is surely the duty of all go<rd
citizens to join in this demand for the suppression of this source of pollu
tion ar>', iln.
"T> Ifo press has the power to mold public opinion to a large
degree. L.i ■ hope that It will speak ■with one voice in favor of the
action proi bed by the Supervisors, Let all who have the good of our
city at heart unite In creating a public sentiment which will not tolerate
this ruinous vice.
"Gentlemen of the Beard of Supervisors, we urge you fearlessly to
perform the duty you owe to this community. Your responsibility is
great; the power 1b in your hands; the youth and the homes of our fair
city make to you their plea for protection. Let not their plea be in
vain,"
Rev. Frederic C. L*e.
Rev. Dr. Woods.
"OUR CITIZENSHIP SHOULD fJRISE IN MIGHTY SUPPORT OF THE SUPERVISORS."
Dr. Charles Edward Locke, at
Church, last evening discussed the
Than Its Weakest Link." His text
keep the whole law and yet offend
large audience crowded the church
room was at a premium,
study. During the course of his
disastrous influence of bad habits,
"Shall we stand by the Board of
stroy racetrack gambling?" And in
the following language:
perpetrated a genuine surprise
some persons who consider this
among thieves,' and freely charge
spitefulness, yet this pulpit is in
the Supervisors are sincerely in fa
day to pass the ordinance to-mor
as to prohibit the abomination of
cisco.
printed last Tuesday was good
contain the strongest reasons for
ing evil, and they are precisely the
good citizens for these many years,
ways be an unmixed evil. It is to
still some short-sighted church au
raffles and grab bags, etc., at
form of kindergarten gambling
regard games of chance as harm
nating grip of the gambling habit,
mighty, massive support of the Su-
There is absolutely no defense for
urged that pool selling encourages
State; but, when it can be shown
our citizenship by leading to lying and theft, to drunkenness and licentiousness; that it defiles and degrades
our youth; that men and women are devoured by an inordinate passion for this fascinating forr of gambling:
that vice of the most bestial type festers as a certain concomitant of this kind of sin; I say, when it can be
demonstrated that the racetrack gambling breeds all the evils of the decalogue, and defies good order in a
thousand ways, is it not time to inquire whether it is not better to train our youth and encourage our citizen
ship into true manhood and womanhood and prepare them for the honorable positions of useful and respectable
members of society than to breed a few fast horses? For shame that California horses are better protected
than California's native sons and daughters!
"What a horde of bestialized humanity follows the racetrack! What profanity, what intemperance, what
ribaldry, what profligacy! It is the rendezvous of the libertine and the harlot! It carries its victims by short
routes and quick paces to prison cells, to brothels, to irremediable disgrace, to the hangman and to premature
graves!
"If to own a little good horseflesh means the menacing and corrupting and destruction of thousands of
our citizens, in God's name, let us have sense enough, and courage enough, and patriotism enough, to stand by
the Supervisors in their commendable undertaking!
"As good citizens let us arise in our might and throw off the reign of devils! Let manhood become one of
the most conspicuous products of our magnificent State. With the most versatile climate in the world, with
our hills stored with the richest minerals, with our valleys the most productive with our fruits the most deli
cious, with our snow mountains the most picturesque, with our broad armed ports the most hospi ible. with
our future the most promising, let us arise Perseus-like and decapitate the Gorgon Medusa who enthralls us:
or, change the figure, let us bravely assail this hideous octopus of vice and lawlessness whose long tentacles
reach out over the home, the church, the school and the statehouse. and which has actually Intimidated
even the best citizens into lethargy and acquiescence, and declare like modern chevalier;; that we will rear and
protect our native sons and daughters in true manhood and womanhood and noblest patriotism!
"Yes, let us stand by the Supervisors! Gentlemen of the beard, be assured of our sympathy, our confi
dence and our prayers. We are with you —
" 'For the cause that lacks assistance,
'Gainst the wrong that needs resistance
And God's victory in the distance
Coming surely by and by.' "
"SHOULD fJROUSE EVERY HONEST CITIZEN."
bling devil— with his diabolical
methods and his utterly heart
less contemplation of his disgraced and dead victims— which the city of
*san Francisco permits to flourish within its gates and fatten upon the
money stolen from honest toilers and business men by the unfortunate,,
infatuated wretches of the Ingleside racetrack. The fires of hell might
be quenched by the waters of life flowing with full force— and we would
know their source, and 'to be forewarned is to be forearmed'— but this
genteel devil with derby hat and Prince Albert coat and high collar and
long cuffs, insinuates himself with the graces of an angel into the good
will of the unsuspecting until the awful work of demoralization and
damnation is done and the poor victim crawls off in the brush to take
his own life or stands before the bar of justice a broken-hearted, ruined
Key. T. H. Woodward.
man.
••Something ought to be done and something will be done to wipe this
unmitigated evil out To permit such a den of thieves to exist is to in
vite blasphemy, perjury, bribery, robbery, suicide and wholesale demor
alization to our homes and places of public trust. We do not believe that
the citizens of this city will U-nger permit this evil; neither do we think
that the honorable Board of Supervisors who so nobly began the attack
will cease to advance and stand by their guns until Ingleside, with its
den of thieves and robbers, 'shall be knocked oat.' The Supervisors have
a great opportunity, and when the work is accomplished they will be
held in 'everlasting remembrance" by a grateful and long-suffering public."
JAPAN WILL HAVE
NO STATE RELIGION
Unfounded Rumor That the Island
Empire Was to Adopt
Christianity.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— Much in
terest was manifested to-day in reports
to the effect thnt the Japanese Govern
ment is discussing a plan to adopt
Christianity as the state religion. So
far as it has boon ascertained, however,
the statement lacks credibility or
foundation In fact. The published re
port was to-night shown to Jutaro Ko
mura, the Japanese Minister, who was
asked to make a statement on the sub
ject. In reply, through an attache, he
spoke substantially as follows:
"The statement t*'»t Japan is dis
cussing a plan to adopt Christianity
as its state religion is not true, and
there is 'no possibility of this beincr
done. Unlike Russia. England and
other European countries, the Japan
ese Government has no state religion,
but, according; to the constitution of
the counts- this religion is given the
liberty to exercise its functions so long
as it does not interfere with or dis
turb the peace, order and good morale
of society."
QUEEN VICTORIA
ARRIVES AT NICE
Customary Honors Paid Her Majesty
and Municipal Authorities Pre
sent a Floral Tribute.
NICE, March 12.— Queen Victoria ar
rived by special train from Boulogne Sur
Mer this afternoon.
When passing through Toulon, Her
Dr. Charles Edward Locke.
Rev. T. H. Woodward, pastor
of Trinity Methodist Episcopal
Church, in his sermon last even
ing upon "Temptation," said:
"The exposures by The Morn
ing Call of the damning and
soul - destroying work of the
'bookmaker' and 'poolseller' as
carried on at Ingleside should
arouse every honest citizen to
an uncompromising hostility,
and every effort possible should
be made to support the hands of
the Supervisors in putting a
stop to this nefarious work of
demoralization and death.
"This prolific source of crime
threatens the integrity and sta
bility of everything essential to
morality and prosperity. It not
only makes thieves of our citi
zens, prostitutes virtue, despoils
our homes of boys and girls, de
grades woman and fills our pris
ons, but it threatens to corrupt
and boasts that it can buy our
law-making bodies and thus de
stroy the very foundations of
civic righteousness. A more
damnable thing is scarcely con
ceivable.
"The fires of hell turned loose
on our city wo-uld be preferable
to this well-clothed, sleek, gam-
Majesty summoned the sub-prefect and
expressed her sympathy with the fam
ilies of the victims of the explosion of
the naval powder magazine at La Gou
bran early last Sunday morning, promis
ing to send a donation to the relief fund.
All the customary honors were paid
Her Majesty on her arrival. The streets
were thronged with people cheering
heartily, and the municipal authorities
presented a magnificent bouquet in the
form of a gondola mounted upon a tripod
and surmounted with two vases and other
emblematic devices.
AUSTRIAN BANKER
TAKES HIS LIFE
Accuses a Member of the House of
Lords of Having Led Him
Into Crime.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VIENNA, March 12.— Herr Krazanow
ski, director of the Kredit Bank of Lem
berg committed suicide yesterday. The
residents of that town first thought his
act was the result of acute melancholia,
but a letter was subsequently found in
which Krazannwski accused a co-director,
Herr Machwieki. a member of the Aus
trian House of L,ords, and an intimate
friend of Herr Bederis, with having been
the cause of his ruin by having led him
to embezzle the bank's funds. A "run"
on the bank followed.
On account of the social and political
position of Machwicki, the news has
caused a tremendous sensation.
Miss Weichsler Found.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Miss Henriette
Welchsler, the young woman who has
been missing from her home In. Brooklyn
since WfdQesday last, was found in Man
hattan borough to-night at the home of
a midwife on East Fifth street. Albert
Smith, the navy yard postal clerk, who
took a dose of poison on being questioned
the Central Methodist Episcopal
theme, "A Chain Is No Stronger
was James ii:10, "Whosoever shall
in one point he is guilty of all." A
in every part so that even standing
The sermon was a character
argument, when referring to the
Dr. Locke asked the question.
Supervisors in their effort to de*
answering his own question used
"The Board of Supervisors has
upon the city. While there are
another illustration of a 'falling out
the ulterior motive of personal
clined to the view that enough of
vor of the action taken last Mon
row, and so to enforce their action
racetrack gambling in San Fran
"The text of the ordinance as
reading, indeed. The 'whereases'
the suppression of this far-reach
reasons which have been urged by
"Gambling in any form must al
be deeply deplored that there are
thorities that have not suppressed
church fairs: for in permitting this
many youths have been trained to
less; and, finally, led into the fasci
"Our citizenship should arise in
pervisors in their proposed action,
racetrack gambling. It has been
the breeding of fast horses in our
that the gambling spirit debauches
concerning the disappearance of the
young woman, gave the address at which
Miss Weichsler could be found.
BOLD WORK OF TWO
SEATTLE FOOTPADS
Hold Up Three Men and Keep Them
Bound for Upward of Two
Hours.
SEATTLE. Wash., March 12.— One of
the most remarkable hold-ups on record
occurred here to-night. Two footpadb
j started in to collect $5 in a remote part
of the city. They held up three men
and kept them bound for upward of
j two hours. When the fourth victim
: came along they were frightened away.
j T. P. Sanders and H. C. Corbett were
j two of the victims. Sanders said the
j other man was so badly scared that he
would not tell his name. The footpads
got about ?2.
Italian Cruiser Aground.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AiHES, Argentina, March
12.— The Italian cruiser Fieramosca ran
aground at the entrance of this harbor
yesterday owing to a shoal. It is hoped
I ho serious damage was done.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
44 Only the First Step
Is Difficult"
The first step in Spring
should be to cleanse Nature' s
house from Winter's accumu-
lations. Hood's Sarsaparilla
does this work easily* It is
America's Greatest Spring
Medicine* It purifies the
blood, as millions of people
say. It , makes the weak
strong, as nervous men and
women gladly testify.
It cures all blood diseases, as thou-
sands of cured voluntarily write. It is
just the medicine for you, as you will
gladly say after you have given it a
fair trial.
Pimples— "Headaches, nose bleed and
pimples made me so weak that I could not
work. Hood's Sarsaparilla gave me good
sleep, strength, and cured me."—
THUR M. EHRENTRAUT, 1941 West
Fayette Street, Syracuse, N. Y.
Pure Blood— work was formerly
a burden, but now it is a pleasure, and ail
because Hood's Sarsaparilla gave me new,
pure blood. I now have good color and
eat well."— MßS. ALFRED A. HOWARD,
105 Summer Street, Taunton, Mass.
Consumptive Cough — "Five years
ago I had a consumptive cough which re-
duced me to a skeleton. Was advised to
take Hood's Sarsaparilla. which I did. and
recovered normal health. I have been
well ever since."— MATILDA BRIDGE-
WATER, Cor. Pearl and Chestnut Sts..
Jeffersonville, Ind.
Leg Sores— "Sores on my wife's limb
were so bad she could not walk. Phy-
sicians' aid of no value and she used
crutches. After taking Hood's Sarsap-
arilla, she ■■ laid them aside and walked
freely."— FßED A. HOYLE, Reynolds
Bridge, Conn.
Poor Health —"l never saw anything
beat the way Hood's Sarsaparilla lifted
me . up. It sharpened my v appetite and
gave me a new lease of life. I can work
every day."— FREEMAN N. BIXBY,
Meredith, N. H.
Rh°umatism-"I was practically help-
less from rheumatism in my ; shoulder.
Hood's Sarsaparilla cured me and ever
since Is a household favorite." — MRS. M.
E. POWERS, 4812 St. Lawrence Aye., Chi-
cago. 111.
. |^ gyO {i . . . ■ ■
dWCdASoMapaUlur
_ __.
Hood' PIU« cure liver Ills; the non-lrrltat-WHEATON NOW
ADVANCING ON
THE FILIPINOS
Rebels Retreat as the Bri
gade Moves Forward
■
to Corral Them.
- •
Insurgents Led by a White Officer
Have a Brush With the Forces
of Brigadiers Otis and Hale.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
MANILA, March 13, 10:0 a. m.— General Wheaton's newly
formed divisional brigade advanced at 7 o'clock this morning
from San Pedro Macate for the purpose of corraling the enemy.
It is now moving on Pasig, meeting with slight resistance, as the
rebels are in full retreat.
A gunboat is clearing the jungle along the river banks, which
have been carried as far as Guadalupe. The purpose of the move
is to clear the country to Laguna de Bay.
MANILA. March 12. 6:40 p. m.— The
Filipinos apparently hail planned an
attack upon the lines o£ General Otis
and General Hale this morning, but
their cour »ed to flinch, though
they fired signals and kept up the
fusillade along the American front for
an hour. Our troops in obedience to
orders refrained from shooting, with
the exception of two companies of
newly arrived men, who replied that
they had suppressed the regiment of
Filipinos. Thi? body of rebels seems
under better leadership than most of
the others. A white man was seen
among the officers endeavoring to lead
them to the attack, but apparently all
efforts to induce them to leave the
trenches were futile.
The American authorities in Manila
say the city is now so effectively
policed that a serious outbreak is im
possible. They believe that the natives
are cowed.
The presence of the families of of
ficers is discouraged, and many are
leaving on board the United States
transports, some going to Japan for
temporary residence. General Otis has
remarked:
i, "Manila is no place for women. This ,
Is war, not a picnic."
The British cruiser Narcissus has
eailed for various ports in the island
< r Luzon, having on board British sub
jects who desire protection.
This afternoon the Twentieth and
Twenty-second Infantry and
com-panies of the Oregon Volunteers !
marched to San Pedro Macati to Join
General Wheaton'a new divisional I
brigade, which is to consist of the j
Twentieth and Twenty-second In- j
fantry, fight companies of the Wash
ington Volunteers, seven companies of
the Oregon Volunteers, three troops
of cavalry (mounted) and a battalion
of light artilery.
Although the rain which fell this
morning has cooled the temperature to
82 degrees, many dropped from the
ranks overcome by the heat. Several
soldiers were sunstruck in the streets
of Manila this morning. Most of the
men are not yet acclimated.
Brigadier General Charles King has
recovered from his indisposition and
resumed command at San Pedro Ma
cate. The enemy are very active north
of the river, though not doing any fir-
Ing now.
VOLUNTEERS WHO WOULD
SETTLE IN PHILIPPINES
"WASHINGTON, March 12.— The fol
lowing is an extract from a letter from
Major Theodore Sternberg, paymaster,
United States Volunteers, dated Man
ila, January 22, 1899, to an officer in the
War Department:
I wish you would call the attention of
the President and Secretary of "War tv
this: There is not less than 1) per cent
oJC the volunteers who honestly wish to
remain in these islands and make their
homes here and engage in agriculture,
lumbering and mining. From every point
of vantage this should be encourai^i
unless America means to haul down its
flags and sneak home. The time will come
when every- American will recognize the
value of these islands. Take but one
Item— cattle thrive here. It is the finest
stock country I ever saw. The Orient can
be puppli d with beef from here, now
these soldkrs wish to be discharged here
with travel pay. This will be their capi
tal. Those who are in earnest will and
can do aiything in reason to- prove it. I
believe they would be willing to serve out
a two years' service by transfer to the
jpgular army. They would, many of
them, profer to be mustered out here
with nothing rather than be compelled to
go to the States and be mustered out.
There ar»- als^ many regular soldiers en
listed under orders for the year. These
UPRISING OF MOROS
ON PALAWAN ISLAND
TACOMA, March 12.— Advices by the steamship Victoria from the
Orient state that Spanish avarice and misrule have again stirred up a
rebellion in the Philippines. The insurgent Moros of Palawan Island
on the edge of the Philippine group, north of Borneo, found an oppor
tunity t<> strike their oppressors late in January and seized ir. They
• murdered the Spanish Governor of Palawan, residing at Port Royalist
and killed his assistants. His head was severed from his body and car
ried back into the hills to Incite a rebellion among the natives, who had
previously feared Spain's power. Church and other Spanish buildings
were burned, aftor which the rebellious Moros retreated to the hills of
Palawan, carrying with them several dozen men, women and children,
all Spaniards, as prisoners. Tf they are pursued these prisoners will be
held as hostages.
This news comes from Singapore, where it was cabled from Labuan,
capital of British North Borneo. It was brought there by the British
steamship Labuan, whose master. Captain Pfort, made an Investigation
at Port Royalist. He interviewed natives as to the cause of the insur
rection, learning that onerous taxes and other burdens imposed by the
Spanish had caused the natives to strike a blow for freedom. H<- also
found that the Spanish mail steamship which called at Port Royalist
after the massacre did nothing except to make inquiries. Pfort brought
away the Governor's wife, several other women and children, a priest and
twelve soldiers, who were landed at Sandakan.
I men think they should be paid travel ex
- If they intend settling in these Isl
; ands. Now. all of this is based upon the
• idea that the United States will retain
some sort of interest In these islands.
! Knowing the value of the pioneers I saw,
each of those soldiers, young, vigorous
and used to this climate, by remaining
here, will be of inestimable value to their
country. The only way to Americanize in
these islands is the example of the Amer
ican pioneers, aged in making a home for
i themselves. I take no stock in the cry
j that white men cannot work in the trop
' lcs. They can when working for them
selves. There are no healthier people
; than the English and Scotch who have
i lived hero for many years. At all events,
the Government now has the cream of
American young manhood which is anx
ious to try the thing. I know the regu
lars as a rule don't want to hold these
j islands, because they pn.-fer stations in
th-' States. I know the majority of the
i volunteers are homesick, and so color
• their opinions. But I had rather die here
i than see the flasj come down, and if I
were twenty years younger I would make
my home on a farm here.
REWARD OFFERED TO
ASSASSINATE AGUINALDO
TACOMA, Wash., March 12.— Oriental
papers brought by the steamship Vic
toria contain the following extract
from the Republica Filipina, the in
surgents' paper:
'Cavite women, without distinction
of class or age, unanimously requested
with enthusiasm to be permitted to
take the place of men if the men per
ish in the struggle against the Ameri
cans for the defense of the independ
ence of the Philippines. They say that
irrespective of the weakness of their
sex ,the love of their country will make
them strong and will animate them to
keen combat against the Americans."
A telegram published in the Repub
lica says that a letter has been found
In Baliway offering $50,000 reward for
the assassination of Aguinaldo.
Stories of the battle contained ir
Oriental papers give no details not
covered by earlier advices.
GENERAL WALKER
SHOOTS AND GETS SHOT
An Exciting Encounter During the
Taking of Depositions in a
Tennessee Contest.
BRISTOL. Term.. March 12.— General
Jamrs A. Walker and Andrew Hamilton,
attorney for Judcre W. S. Rhea, who is
engaged in a contest with General Walk
r the Ccmfrrfpsional toga for the
Ninth Virginia District, quarreled Satur
day while engaged in taking depositions
In the contest. Hamilton advanced upon
Walker, who shot him in the abdomen.
The wound is considered fatal. G. E.
Davis, private secretary to Judge Rhea.
shot General Walker twice in the right
shoulder, seriously wounding him. Gen
eral Walker is resting easily, while Ham
ilton is suffering great pain. The shoot
ing caused great excitement in the city.
KIPLING ABLE TO
TAKE SOLID FOOD
The Sick Author Permitted to See
His Two Children for a
Short Time.
NEW YORK. March 12.— Rudyard Kip
ling- passed a restless night, suffering a
good deal of pain. To-day, however, he
was much better. As yet no one outside
hi? attendants and his family has been
permitted to see him.
This evening Mr. Doubleday reported
Kipling's condition as satisfactory In the
extreme, the physical Buffering of" the pa
tient being due to the revolution going on
in the lungs. His temperature is very lit
tle above the normal, and he is able to
take some solid food.
To-day Mr. Kipling saw his two chil
dren for a short time. His little girl
Elsie is sufficiently recovered to run
about, but sh<- has not been outside of
the hotel. The physicians have decided
that Within two weeks their patient will
be well enough to remove to some pleas
ant spot, not yet decided upon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
WAR TALK BETWEEN
NORWAY AND SWEDEN
Heated Debate in the Storthing Indi
cates the Jealous Fueling Between
the Sister Countries.
pedal Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon Bennett.
CHRISTIAN IA, March 12. — Norwegians are not pleased with the temporary govern
ment of the Crown Prince, who is much stricter than his father and has not shown that
he will not allow Norwegians any little demonstrations of '"independence." He has de
cided that Sweden and Norway will send only one representative to the peace congress at
the Hague. This representative will probably be a Swede.
Some days ago war between Sweden and Norway was hinted at during a debate in the
Storthing, and Colonel Bassoe took the opportunity of pointing out that the Norwegian fort
resses were good for nothing.
The Minister of War hotly contradicted the statement, and several other members also crit
icized Colonel Bassoe, but the whole affair is causing great uneasiness here, as the mere sug
gestion of war between the. sister countries, in Parliament, is proof of the jealousy which
exists.
NO OCCASION FOR
GENERAL ALARM
San Luis Failures Due
to Local Causes.
OUTSIDE BANKS UNAFFECTED
10MMISSI0NER BARRETT ON
THE SCENE.
Will Investigate the County Bank's
Affairs, and It May Be Per
mitted to Resume
Business.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 12.— Bank
Commissioner A. W. Barrett and C.
H. Dunsmoor, secretary of the Bank
Commission, arrived here this evening
and had a long preliminary conference
with R. E. Jack of the County Bank
of San i-uis Obispo. It was finally de
cided to hold a meeting to-morrow for
the purpose of examining into the af
fairs of the institution. This examina
tion, which will mean an inspection of
the books of the bank as well as an
investigation of its methods of busi
ness, may occupy two or more days.
On the result will depend the future of
the bank. It is possible the institu
tion may be permitted to resume busi
ness should its suspension have been
due only to natural causes absolutely
beyond the control of its directors—
that is, to the poor seasons produced
by lack of rain and the consequent in
ability to dispose of available assets
in the shape of real estate. But even
it the Bank Commission should be of
a mind to make concessions that would
allow the embarrassed institution to
resume business after satisfactory ar
rangements with its reditors. the di
rectors may. according to remarks
made by Cashier Jack, decide to go
into general liquidation and close its
affairs for good.
The imetin? of the directors of the
Commercial Bank, which had been an
nounced for to-day, was deferred un
til to-morrow.
Commissioner Barrett was inclined to
look upon the situation as being de
void of dangerous features so far as
financial circles are concerned.
■"There is no occasion for any alarm
in regard to banks in general," he
said. "The suspension of the three
banks in this county, so far as we have
bpen able to ascertain at this time, is
due entirely to local cay cs — the lack
of sufficient rain. We have recently ex
amined the banks south of the Teha
chapi and found thei all sound and
in very ood condition, with ample
cash funds on hand o meet every pos
sible demand."
The latter statement was evoked by
a remark that the entire southern Dor
tion of the State w— suff_-ing from
th^ almost unprecedented drought
and was made to show that the finan
cial situation there was not in any
sense acute.
As soon as the affairs of the County-
Bank have been dispct-ed of those of
the Commercial Bank will be taken in
hand by the Bank Commissioner.
ONE MORE MAY CLOSE.
Citizens' Bank of Paso Robles Seek
ing to Avoid a "Run."
PASO ROBLES. March 12.— The clos
ing of the Bank of Paso Robles has had
a depressing effect on all kinds of busi
! ness. H. Eppinger Jr., president of the
bank, left this morning for San Fran
; cisco to try to make arrangements for
' ready coin, whereby the institution may
open its doors and resume business.
All depends upon the success of his
tr n' is rumored to-day that the Citi
! Zens 1 Bank of this city will not open
! its doors to-morrow morning, because
i of an expected "run" to be made on
lit The Citizens is reported as being
; nerfectly solvent, with numerous good
: iecurities but it is unprepared for a
hXaw "run " The Citizens' Bank is in
accord with the Commercial Bank of
I San Luis Obispo, which closed its doors
I ' On in S ease d t a he banks in this city fall to
: resume business Paso Robles will be
■ in straitened circumstances, as the City
Treasurer had all of the city funds
nlaced on deposit in these institutions,
amounting to about $2500 Several con
-1 tracts have been let by the city of late
and are nearlng completion but pay
ment undoubtedly will be delayed.
Cut in Passenger Bates.
SEA.TTLE, March 12.— The Canadian
Pacific and Soo line to-day met the Great
Northern and Northern Pacific colonist
rate of 5°5 from Eastern terminals to Pu
iret Sound points. On and after the third
Tuesday of this month and the first Tues
day in April the fanadian road announces
the round trip first class rate will be $52
from St. Paul.
SANTA FE TRAIN
ROBBER CAUGHT
11 Red " Pipkin Is Run
Down in Utah.
END OF A WEARY SEARCH
SAD BEEN AT LARGE ALMOST A
YEAB.
Was Leader of the Gang Thac At
tempted to Hold Up the Over
land at Grant Station,
New Mexico.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINNEMUCCA, New. March 12 —
Daniel Pipkin, alias "Red" Pipkin, who
with "Bronco Bill" and "Bill" Johnson
held up the Santa Fe Pacific train at
Grant Station, N. M., on March 29. 1898.
was captured at Moab, Utah, last
Tuesday by Sheriff Butt, and now lan
guishes in jail at this place, with the
train robbers that held up the South
ern Pacific train at Humboldt, New. on
July 14 last. Pipkin was brought this
morning by Wells, Fargo & Co.'s spe
cial detective, J. N. Thacker. Pipkin
admits his identity and signed a paper
waiving requisition. He was the lead
er of another gang that made a sec
ond attempt to hold up a train at the
same place, but was beaten off by the
guards.
On July 29. 1898, a posse consisting of
E. J. Thacker. J. D. Milton and George
Scarborough met "Bronco Bill." Pinkin
and "Bill" Johnson at Black River.
Ariz. A fight took place, resulting in
the death of two men. Pipkin's horse
was shot from under rum, but he es
caped and had been at large ever
' since.
E. J. Thacker will arrive on Wednes
! day from Tucson, Ariz., and take Pip
! kin to Los Lunas, N. M., for arraign
ment. ____^___—
CHRISTIANITY MAY BE
ENFORCED IN JAPAN
Intelligence That the Tokio Govern
ment Is Considering a Plan as
to Religion.
NEW YORK. March 12.— The Jouranl
says: Dispatches from Tokio received ir>
this city to-day bring the startling intelli
gence that the Japanese Government is
discussing a plan to make Christianity the
religion of the empire. There are 44,000,000
persons in Japan. Only 200,000 of them
profess Christianity, and of these a large
proportion are shaky in their orthodoxy,
from the point of view of the American
missionaries. One native out of ev
ery 220 calls himself a Christian.
The remaining 43,800,000 are divided
between Buddhism and cheerful ag
nosticism, which accords well with the
Oriental temperament. The news from
Tokio foreshadows an attempt to make
h»o people Christians by imperial
proclamation. Persons interested in for
eign missions will be anxious to learn
whether the government will adopt the
dogmas of any particular Christian sect,
or whether it will permit people to con
struct their own state of religion from the
teachings of the Bible.
DIVINE SARAH IS
ALWAYS ENTHUSIASTIC
Ingenuity of Advertising Connected
With the Bumor That She Is
Converted to Bonapartism.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISO?, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, March 12.— 1t would seem as
though the last degree of ingenuity in ad
vertising had been reached in the droll
statement or rumor that Mme. Sarah
Bernhardt had been converted to Bona
partism, and M. Rostand's new play
upon_which he is engaged, having the
Klng'of Rome as a central figure and
called "Algron," will prove a powerful in
strument of the propaganda, in favor of
Napoleonic restoration. In any case, if
M Rostand will only finish his drama
even the present republicans will be grate
ful Rumor has it that Sarah Is wildly
enthusiastic, but when was she ever any
thing else with a new role? She never ap
peared in any that had not aroused her
to enthusiastic rapture.
WILL JtfOT LEAVE HIS CHURCH.
New York Pastor Declines Two Col
lege Professorships.
NEW YORK, -March' 12.— Rev. Dr.
Henry Van Dyke of the Brick Presbyte
rian Church, who was recently Invited to
accept the professorship of English liter
ature at Johns Hopkins University at
Baltimore, but refused, and who was
more recently invited to accept the same
chair at Princeton, the chair being en
dowed with $100,000 on the condition that
Dr. Van Dyke would fill it, to-day an
nounced to his congregation that he would
not leave "the service of the church; - .-;
SAFE MAJORITY
OF REPUBLICANS
Will Easily Control the
Senate.
RESULT OF THE DEADLOCKS
MAY REDUCE THE WORKING
STRENGTH BY TWO.
At the Worst, There Will Be a Ma
jority of Twenty Over the Com
bined Opposition of Other
Parties.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 12.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Republican ascendency In
thi next Senate is assured, even
though the Legislatures of California,
Delaware and Pennsylvania should ad
journ without electing United States
Senators.
If the Legislatures in all the States
which had Senatorial vacancies this
year had elected Senators of the same
politics as the State Legislatures on
joint ballot the next 'Senate would
have stood 55 Republicans. 26 Demo
crats, 3 Populists, 4 Silver Republicans
and Silverites and 1 Independent.
This would have given the Republi
cans a majority of 22 over the com
bined opposition. The Utah Legisla
ture, which is Democratic, has al
ready adjourned without electing a
Senator, thus cutting down the num
ber of Democrats to 25. The Legisla
tures of California. Delaware and
Pennsylvania are Republican, and if
they should all fail to elect Senators
the Republican membership would be
cut down to 53. At the same time,
however, the total membership of the
Senate would be reduced to 86 by
reason of the four vacancies that
would exist, and the Republicans
would still have a majority of 20 over
the combined opposition.
Further than this, Senator Kyle,
who was elected as an Independent,
can always be depended upon to vote
with the Republicans on the financial
questions. It will be seen, therefore,
that not only have the Republicans an
overwhelming majority on party lines,
but they will be able to command
enough support from outside of their
party on almost any question that may
come up to enable them to disregard
any loss of votes that might occur on
their own side, such as the probable
opposition of Senators Hoar and
Hale on colonial questions, and
possibly the opposition of Senator
Chandler and some of the men from
the mountain States on the financial
question. Should the Republicans In
the Legislatures of California. Dela
ware and Pennsylvania succeed in get
ting together and in electing a Repub
lican from each State, the Republicans
would have a clear majority of 23 over
all opposition.
RECOVERS REASON AND
HIS LADY LOVE
Strange Return to Health of Lord
Sefton After Years Devoid of
Strength and Memory.
Speoial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599. by James CJor
don Bennett.
LONDON, March 12.— There have been
few stranger stories than that of Lord
Sefton, eldest son of Lady Sefton, who
died recently. Before his succes
sion he was thrown from his horse
while hunting and it was thought that
he was dead. He was brought back to
life, but devoid of strength, memory and
reason. For years he has been helpless
and hopeless, but now a sudden
complete transformation has come. Lord
Sefton is rapidly recovering and soon will
be in perfect health. At the time of his
accident Lord Sefton was engaged to
Lady Mary Willoughby, th- lovely young
daughter of the Earl and Countess of
Ancaster. Lady Mary has not married
and society whispers a revival of the en
gagement.
INCREASED PAY AT NAVY YARDS
Secretary Long to Enforce the Eight-
Hour Law.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— Secretary
Long ha? addressed a circular letter to the
commanding officers of all navy yards and
stations reciting the passage by Congress
of the resolution providing for tho pay
ment of SO per cent additional for all
work in those yards and stations in ex
cess of eight hours per day performed by
laborers, mechanics and workmen whose
compensation is based on the eight-hour
law and who did such overwork between
March 13 and October 31 last year. The
Secretary directs the commandants to
submit rolls showing the amount due to
each man, upon which the paymasters
are directed to settle the accounts. This
is to be done within the next thirty days.
TWO ATLANTIC
STEAMERS MEET
WITH DISASTER
Big Allan Liner Castilian
Goes Ashore During a
Dense Fog.
The Oswetria, Bound for Man
chester, Stranded in Dunlough
Bay and Is a Total Wreck,
Special Dispat ch to The Call.
HALIFAX, N. S., March 12.— The new
Allan line steamship Castilian, from
Portland, Me., for Halifax, went ashore
at Gannet Rock light, near Yarmouth,
this morning at low tide in a dense fog,
her compass being deranged.
The steamship began leaking imme
diately after she struck, but the best
discipline prevailed among the passen
gers. They returned to their berths
and were called out again to don life
preservers, which many were wearing j
when they reached Yarmouth on tugs
at 8:15 o'clock this evening. The pas- j
sengera and the crew all saved their I
baggage. The steamship went on at
low tide, which will be in her favor.
The place of the disaster is a few miles .
from where tie Moravia of the Allan j
line was lost some years ago.
The Castiilan arrived at Halifax
from Liverpool ten days ago on her
maiden voyage and went to Portland
to load cargo for return, one is 8200 tons
net register, being the largest Allan
line steamer afloat. The ship is in
charge of Captain Barrett and officers
formerly of the steamer Parisian, the
entire crew of the Parisian having
been transfered to the new boat. The
steamer was due to embark mails and
passengers here for Liverpool.
The first and second holds are full of
water. The steamer is aground aft to
the engine room and there is six feet
of water in the engine room. There
is six fathoms of water under her aft.
The captain, three mates, the steward,
engineers and some of the crew remain
on board and three tugs are standing
by. The steamer was fifteen miles out
of her course, with a fresh southwest
wind which would increase the cur
rent The weather has remained mod
erate all day, but if the wind changes
there is no hope of the steamer
ever coming off. There is a fair pros
pect of salvage of the cargo.
The Allan's agent at Halifax has
chartered the steamers Delta and City
of Ghent to go to the scene of the
wreck to-morro%v. The use of the Gov
ernment lighthouse steamer, Aberdeen,
has also been applied for. The passen
gers and crew will leave Yarmouth to
morrow morning to take the mail
steamer Vancouver for England. They
speak in the highe.. terms of the dis- j
cipline maintained after the shiD
struck. She had been moving slowly,
with a sharp outlook In the haze. The
officers wanted to give a wide berth to
Cape Sable, which they feared they j
might be nearing. Nothing of whistle I
or buoy was heard or seen and no sign ■
of land until the shock, which was so
light that many passengers thought it
was a heavy wave.
The engines were reversed, but when
it was found the steamer held fast the !
boats were got ready and the sleeping
passengers awakened and told to pack
up in case it should be necessary to
send them ashore.
Splendid coolness was displayed by
the whole crew. Rockets were fired at
intervals, and at daylight the first of
ficer and purser went ashore in a small
boat to Tusket. They drove nine miles
to Yarmouth for assistance. During
this time the passengers were waiting
for help. The sea began to run high,
and the rolling of the ship became un
pleasant. Lord Archibald Douglas, a
returning Jesuit missionary, conducted
an impressive service on the deck in the
forenoon.
In the afternoon " c boats were
launched and the passengers and crew
taken off in them. Shortly after the :
whistles of the tugs were heard and ]
at 5 o'clock all hands but the captain. !
engineers and some of " c crew were
safely taken off and conveyed to Yar
mouth.
Opinions in Yarmouth differ as to
floating the ship. The el. nces are fa
vorable if the weather continues mod
erate. The work of discharging: the
carfro commences to-morrow. A large
number or sheep in the forward holds
have been found drowned, and the
swelling of grain Ha- thrown ud the
dining saloon deck.
PORTLAND, Me., March 12.— The
CHINESE REBELS
CAPTURE SHOUCHUN
Imperial Troops Routed and fire
Gradually Beir>g h|emn)ed In
by the Daring Raiders. :
■ TACOMA, March 12. — The steamship Victoria, from China and Japan, ■
&■ brings late news from Nanking, stating: that 10,000 Chinese rebels have 8
§ crossed the Anhui borders into Honan, there joining the rebel forces of «
§ Honan. Hunan and Hupeh, their combined forces numbering over 20,000. jrf
& Thus combined they marched against and captured Shouchun, the second S
§ city of the Anhui province, badly defeating General Kuo and the impe- §
8? rial forces. They secured large quantities of arms and have sent out a 28
& body of raiders into Honan to : secure ammunition. Shouchun is aJ&
88 strongly built city, having been the capital of the kingdom of Wu dur- 2?
& ing the time of the three kingdoms in the third century. Its fall places $
83 Anhui completely at the rebels' mercy . and strengthens their hands 88
& enormously. " **
g Telegraph lines in North Auhui have been cut and the imperial j^
g§ troops are gradually being hemmed in. The latter have reoccupied but &
# not captured Kuyang. When the rebel chieftain Niu took the city he S
§ : killed its head officials and collected an enormous indemnity, leaving §
gg the next day with his troops for Mengcheng. Five hundred rebels and %*
S many soldiers were killed in the battle in North Kiahgsu between the '§
§ rebels and the combined forces of Generals Kuo, Wu and Liu. This bat- £
# tie occurred before Shc-uehun was taken and served to make the insur- #
88 gents more obstinate than ever. Neither side won a decisive victory, g
2 Several rebel leaders were taken, but the main body of the rebels es- rj»
S caped and started for Anhui. The generals commanding the imperial q
»5 troops are working together for th« first time since the rebellion started. '28
O : v-7- ■■■; ' '■'' '• '■ : "' ■' '■ ■■ ■• -■ V'-' : -- '■-"•' "' H
§ - ■'• -- ; I
■agS3SBQ6B&saa3B& S « 55 S !80S$Se8$SS3 88088385558058 S 88 8 U «SBCB«^SS?C«J.O3*CUi
Castilian sailed from this port at 1
p. m. Saturday. The ship itself is
valued at about 5700,000 and her cargo
at $450,000. This is the most valuable
cargo the Allan line has ever shipped
from Portland. The principal items
were grain and provisions.
The saloon passengers were Caotain
L. C. Arbuthnot, Rev. LorC Archbishop
Douglass, London, England: George A.
Baynes. Mr. Boisford. Mr. Frank
Duckett, Frank Fowler, Miss M. J.
Frith, ".ss Hattie Gardner, Mr. Sam
uel Hird. Mrs. Hird, Colonel J. B. Mac-
Lean, Mr. If. Phillips, Captain J. J.
Reilly, J. J. Reilly Jr., Willl i Wylie,
Montreal; Arthur J. Forward. Mrs.
McLeod Stewart, Miss Mina McLeod
Stewart, Ottawa, Ontario; Mrs. Rob
ert Ness, Howick, Qu'>ec Rev. D. W.
Morrison, Mrs. Morrison. Ormstown,
Quebec; Mr. William Hendrie Jr.. Miss
C. If. Hendrie, Miss Maud Hendrie.
Hamilton, Ontario.
WRECK OF BRITISH
STEAMER OSWESTRIA
CROOKHAVEN, Ireland, March 12.—
The British steamship Oswestria, Cap
tain Wilson, from Norfolk, Va., Febru
ary 22, via Newport News for Manches
ter, stranded in the fog this morning
in Dunlough Bay. The crew was saved,
though many had miraculous escapes.
The local people displayed great bravery
in saving life. The vessel is a total
wreck.
PAVONIA PASSED THROUGH
A TERRIBLE ORDEAL
LIVERPOOL, March 12.— The officers
of the Cunard line steamer Pavonia.
Captain Atkins, from Liverpool Janu
ary 24 for Boston, which was towed
into St. Michaels on February 1 dis
abled, which arrived here yesterday
morning in tow of two tugs from Pun
ta Dflgado, Azores, maintain the ut
most reticence regarding the steamer's
experiences.
It was gleaned from the crew, how
ever, that the Pavonia passed through
a terrible ordeal. Her troubles began
with a terrible gale on January 3d.
For three days the engines were slowed
and mountainous seas tossed the Pavo
nia like a shuttlecock.
Then her boilers began to move in
their cradles and to bump against each
other. Eventually the engineers, after
the most arduous labor, secured the
boilers with ropes and chains and the
bumping ceased, but it was found that
the steam pipes were broken.
The crew assert that the vessel rolled
so tremendously that it would have
been impossible sometimes to walk on
her inner sides. Three boats were lost,
part of the port rail and the galley
were carried away and the bakehouse
was stove in. As the Pavania lies at
the dock she presents a pitiable dam
aged condition.
KILLS A NEGRO BUTLER.
Unprovoked Crime of a Pennsylva-
nia Physician.
SEWICKLEY, Pa., March 12.— Dr.
Charles E. Murray, son of Dr. R. J.
Murray, one of the most highly r«
spected residents of Sewickley. to-day
shot and instantly killed John Jen
nings (colored), his father's butler,
without cause. Murray for about a
week has been acting strangely and it
is thought his mind has been affected
by drink. Young Murray escaped on
horseback. Numerous parties went in
search of him, but up to a late hour to
night he had not been located. The
murderer is 26 years of age. a graduate
of Heidelberg and one of the most dod
ular physicians of the Sewickley Val
ley.
Ex-Congressman Edmonds Dead.
RICHMOND. Va.. March 12.—Ex-Con
gressman Edmonds died in his home in
Halifax County to-day.
34
BELIEVE IN
THE POWER
OF PRAYER
Los Angeles Pastors Say
the Days of Miracles
Are Not Past.
Urge Their Flocks to Call Upon
the Lord to Send Rain to
Parched Fields.
LOS AXGELES, March 12.— N0
more ideal Sabbath day, with
wealth of sunshine and clearness
of sky, ever dawned upon the
City of the Angels. The much
heralded statements that the ministers
of all denominations would devote their
sermons and prayers ta the question
why rain has not been vouchsafed the
suffering acres of Southern California
served to till the places of worship to
the utmi st. It was commented upon
that mar.y who are active in commerce
but lax i. ppfriLual affairs attended di
vine worsuii*.
"If God will quicken the hearts of
men so readily and permit drops of
heavenly grace to fall upon mankind
we have accomplished much," said a
leading divine, as he grasped the hand
of a prominent citizen who is celebrated
for acquiring shekels and equally
known as a non-communicant.
Should the earnest prayers that were
sent heavenward beseeching the throne
of grace to relieve the drought conditions
be answered in a ratio to their intensity
and fervor the parched soil would smile
in an eternal garb o-f verdure.
Rev. Mr. Taylor of St. John's Church
took for his text "The Lord hath con
troversy with his people." It had been
a disputed question, said he, whether
God had control of natural forces or
laws, and whether he could if he de
sired check earthquakes, volcanoes,
tidal waves <>r cyclones. He had per
fect control over them, declared the
divine, and they were sent as punish
ment >-r warning for our transgressions.
Nations and cities that had been de
stroyed had been most wicked ones.
Here in our own country injustice was
dealt out in courts of justice, murder
runs red-handed in the streets. We
ask: Is rain withheld from us for this
reason? Would it be sent if we were
brought to a proper state of repent
ance? There is much need of grace,
hence the earnest prayers and extra
days of devotion for pleading to God
for merciful forgiveness of our sins and
for the bestowal of the much-needed
rain.
Rev. Mr. Goodwin, Methodist, said:
"Jesus either performed miracles or
the Scriptures are a fraud. A miracle
is not a violation of law— simply God's
way of working. Gravitation would j
MRS. CLARENCE MACKAY
AFFLICTED WITH THE GRIP
Condition of the Bonanza King's
Daughter-in-Law Is Causing
Great Anxiety.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Mrs. Clar
ence A. Mackay is suffering from the
grip, and her condition causes some
anxiety. The malady attacked Mr?.
Mackay practically without premoni
tory symptoms and is of severe form.
The daughu>r-in-law of the bonanza
kins: went for her usual afternoon drive
in the park on Saturday. On returning
Phe was seized with a chill, and the
family physician, who was summoned
at once, announced that Mrs. Mackay
had contracted the grip. Mr. Ma:k^^
was considerably alarmed to-day when
his wife showed no improvement. Sh
had a high fever and several physician
were called in attendance.
Mr*;. Mackay was to have given a
large theater supper party Tuesday
evening in honor of Miss Fair and W
X Vanderbilt Jr., and the entertain
ment, which, though coming in th
Lenten season, was to have been one o
the brilliant social affairs of the lat
winter, is now postponed indefinitely.
CORBIN DECLINED
TO BE PROMOTED
Was Offered a Major Generalship by
McKinley During the
War.
NEW YORK. March 12— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald teLe
graphs: 1 learned to-day thai President
McKinley during th*> war offered an ap
pointment as major general of volunteers
to Brigadier General Corbin. adjutant
ppnfral, but that officer respectrully de
clined it.
General Corbin's declination is probably
unique in army history, as it is extrf-mely
doubtful If any officer ever offered an ap
pointment tn th*? highest office in the
army ever refused to accept it. General
Corbin's declination was due to the fact
that Congress had failed to make pro
vision for a reward of Major General
Merrltt and Maior General Otis .and other
officers, who distinguished tlnmsolves in
the field, while he, though his work was
arduous, (remained ■In Washington
throughout the struggle.
ROLLIN M. SQUIRE'S
CAREER IS CLOSED
Passing of the Former Commissioner
of Public Works of
New York.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Rollin Iff.
Squire, former Commissioner of Public
Works of this city, died at his home to
night of heart failure, aged 62 years.
Rollin If. Squire was born in Spring
field. Vt., and had a varied and adven
turous career, having been a lawyer, an
Pears'
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
compel water to run down hill, yet man
pumps It above Its level. Prayer for
needful benefits find a responsive
chord."
Rev. Mr. Welsh of the Swedenborgian
Church said: "The distance of the Lord
Is what we make it by our disobedience
of heart. To receive blessings we must
Rain on the Just and the Unjust."
Rev. Mr. Knickerbocker of Trinity
Church had for his text "He Sendeth
Rain on the Just and the Unjust."
"There is no prior reason," he said,
"against invading the physical realm in
our prayers. God is able to answer.
He hangs answers to prayers as ripe
fruit on a stem of intelligence and in
dustry. If we are able by a new process
for invading a hitherto locked reservoir
to supply our need for rain, God will
not send it in answer to prayer. After
man has exhausted ail resources does
God exercise his power."
Rev. Mr. Mason's text was: "Fear
not, I am with thee." He said:
"Waves may roll mountain high; a
little bark may be sinking and every
one on board about to perish, but one
heart cry, "Lord, save me!' and the res
cuing hand of God immediately dcliv- j
ers. Herein lies power for the relief of j
immediate sufferings."
Rev. Mr. Smither of the First Chris
tian Church took for his text, "Jesus
Healing Blind Man.'
"Jesus' compassion for our race was
the great propelling force that brought
him into the world of sin and sorrow
and shame." said the minister. "Under
his magic touch the blindness of sin
turned into the eyesight of truth, rags
of disobedience into garments of right- j
eousness. Under his hallowing touch
the desert places of earth were made to
blospnm as the rose and shed forth the
fragrance of divine love. By this means
was the gospel perpetuated, and all
men shall eventually bow to the author
ity of the Lord."
Rev. Mr. Brood s. Baptist, an- i
nounced for his text. "Why No Rain?" i
•Man's incomprehensibility of the !
mysterious workings of providence is
no bar to supplication for aid." he
said. "When hardness of heart is re- !
moved and true righteousness enters
we may expect the Lord of Hosts to ■
hearken. That prayer availeth is Rosi
tlv«, but humility, contriteness. a true
i exhibition of Christian spirit come be- j
fore the personal voice of man. We j
must walk in the paths of the Lord.
and the finger of mercy will point out :
relief."
editor, a miner, a Spiritualist, a poli
tician, a promoter and an office-holder.
Of late years he had been in poor cir
cumstances and was connected with the
New York & New Jersey Car Service
Company. Some few years ago he
started a club house up town, but did not
succeed in the venture.
At one time Squire was a min<>r in Cal
ifornia. During the Grant funeral in Au
gust, 1885. he caused some verses of his
own composition to be placed on the
front of the City Hall. They excited
such widespread comment of a most un
favorable naturo that Mayor Grant or
dered them taken down.
WILL GIVE AMERICAN
LOCOMOTIVES A TRIAL
France Sends a Commission to Pur
chase Iron Steeds in This
Country.
NEW YORK. March 12.— A Washington !
! special to the Herald says: Following !
I the example of other nations, France has :
1 determined to give American locomotives ;
'■ a trial. She has sent a commission to the j
; United States to negotiate for the pur- !
I chase of ten. Trie commission consists of
I M. Boell, assistant engineer in chief of
| the motive power of French state rail- i
j ways; M. Charrior, division fiuperinten- j
dent of traffic, and M. Thorne, inspector !
of motive power. These gentlemen dined j
last night with Embassador Cambon, and ;
1 left this afternoon to visit Altoona, Pa., \
I Pittsburg, Pa.. Chicago. Milwaukee, St. !
Paul and New York. They expect to sail
, for Parlß on April 1.
"It is not certain the American negines :
; will be satisfactory," M. Boell said to me. j
I "It will have to be determined whether !
they are economical burning fuel and <
! whether they are sufficiently light for
work in France."
STARTS FOR SOUTH TO-DAY, i
Friends of the President Call to Say
Good-By.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— A number
of friends of President and Mrs. McKln-
If.y were at the White House to-night to
.say good-byp to the Chief Executive and
hla wife, who start on their trip Suuth
to-morrow evening. The affair was en
tirely an Informal one. Among those
present were all the members of the
Cabinet except Postmaster General
Kmory Smith and Secretary Hitchro'k,
Vice President and Mrs. Hobart. Mr. 11.
H. Kohlsaat of Chicago, and several resi
dent* of Canton, 0., now living in Wash
ington.
Fawcett on the Back.
SEATTLE. March 12.— William OgiK'ie,
Administrator of the Yukon, has begun
an Investigation of the charges against
f-x-Gold Commissioner Fawcett at Daw-
son. On February 16 formal charges were
filed against Fawcett by E. C. Allen, who i
accuses Fawcett of having used his offi- '
cial powers for the benefit of personal !
friends in the location of claims. Faw- i
cett has entered a specific denial of the
charges and asked for a speedy investiga
tion. The trial has been continued thirty
days. ■■ "■■ ■ ■ '
*"■"■ •
Arrested for Blackmail.
CHICAGO. March 12.— Four men were
arrested to-day charged with demanding
1806 blackmail from Frank H. Cooper of
Sicgel. Cooper & Co. The men arrested
were Jacob Erb, attorney; Frank 9choen
feldt. attorney; Frank Reppotto. private
dotective; and William Feeny, alias Wil
liams. It is charged that they attempted
to extort the money from Cooper by
threau-ning to accuse him publicly of a
revolting crime.
Death of General Kiefer's Wife.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio. March 12.— Mrs.
J. W. Warren Klefer, wife of Major Gen
eral Klefer, died to-day of pneumonia.
She had been ill but a short time. Major
Genera! Kicfer and his son. Captain
Kiofer. of his ptaff, are on their way
home from Havana. Mrs. Kiefer was 64.
During President Arthur's administra
tion, while General Kiefer was Speaker
of the House, Mrs. Kiefer was prominent
In Washington society.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
JORDAN REBUKES
THE PESSIMISTS
Answer of Science to
Despair.
rHE REALITIES OF LIFE
LOVE AND ACTION ANTIDOTES
FOR ENNUI.
Stanford's President Preaches on
Fitzgerald's Version of the
"Hubaiyat" of Omar
Khayyam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March
12. — President Jordan preached to the
students in the chapel this morning on
"The Philosophy of Despair." His
text was taken from FltzgeraJd's ver
sion of the "Rubalyat" of Omar Khay
yam. The purpose of the address was
to indicate some part of the answer of
science to despair. Said he:
Don't reply. Science has none for
the human wisdom. The ultimate truths
of the universe are no nearer than to the
child. Science knows no ultimate truths.
These are beyond the reach' of man, and
all that man knows must be stated in
terms of his experience. But as to
human experience and conduct, science
has a word to say.
Deeper and more worthy of respect Is
the sadness of science. The effort to see
things as they really are, to get out of
all make-believe and to secure that abso
lute veracity of thought without which
sound action is impossible, does not al
ways lead to hopefulness.
There is much to discourage in human
history, in the facts of human life. The I
common man, after all the ages, is still '
very common. He is ignorant, reckless, j
unjust, selfish, easily misled. All public
affairs bear the sham of his weakness.
Especially is this shown in the prevalence
of war. The boasted progress of civili
zation is dissolved in the 'barbarism of
war. Whether glory of conquest or com
mercial greed be war's purpose, the ulti
mate result of war is death. Its essen- j
tial feature is the slaughter of the young, i
the brave, the ambitious, hopeful," leav
ing the weak, the sickly, the discouraged,
to perpetuate the race. Thus all militant
nations become decadent ones. Thus the
glory of Rome, her conquests and her
splendor of achievements left the Ro- j
mans at home a nation of cowards and
such they are to this day, for those who
survive are not the sons of the heroes,
but of those whom the needs of two thou- !
sands years of warfare could not use.
That there seems no way out of this is j
the cause of the boundless despair of the |
thinking men of Continental Europe. A
chance shot may bring down the tremend
ous engines of war and in the streets of j
any city may be enacted the scenes of j
Paris or Sedan.
Dr. Jordan then took issue with the
pessimists who declare that the only
reality in life is pain. This he held
was not the real truth, for he who
knew no reality save appetite had
never known life at all.
'"The realities of life," he said, "are
love and action — not the desire but the
exercise of our appointed functions."
He continued:
Man's sensations and power to act must
Igo together. Man can know nothing that
I he cannot somehow, weave into action.
; If he fails to do this iii one form or an
] other it ■ is through limitations he has
placed on himself. To weave knowledge !
into action is the antidote for ennui. To
plan, to hope, to do, to accomplish the j
full measure of one's power, whatso
ever they may be. is to turn away from
Nirvana to real life. A useful man. a help
ful man. an active man in every sense, j
even though his activity ia misdirected or
harmful, is always a hopeful man.
Optimism in life is a good working hy
pothesis if blindness and self satisfac
tion be not its mainspring. What if there
are so many of us in the ranks of hu
manity—that the individual be lost in the
i mass as a pebble cast into the seven seas?
I Would you choose a world so small as to
leave room for only you and your satel
lites? Would you ask for problems of
life so tame that even you could grasp
them?
It is to us a question not of hope or de
spair, but of truth; not of optimism nor
! ».f pessimism, but of wisdom. Wisdom
lis knowing what to do next; virtue is
doing it: religion, the heart impulse that
turns us toward the best and highest.
FREIGHT COLLISION
COSTS TWO LIVES
Engineer and Fireman Killed in a
Railway Accident in Connec
ticut.
NAUGATTCK. Conn., March 12.— In a
head-on collision between two freight
trains near Bradleys station, on the High
land division of the New York. New Ha
ven and Hartford Railroad, this morning,
Engineer George Dean of Hartford was
burled under his cab and instantly killed
and his fireman, Dan Kennedy of Dan
bury, died a few hours later. The engi
neer and fireman on the other train es
caped by jumping. Several brakemen
■were injured, nut none fatally. It is
claimed that the collision was due to fog.
FIVE PERSONS KILLED
AND FORTY INJURED !
Collision Between Two Excursion
Trains Near Rakaia, New
Zealand.
WELLINGTON, N. Z., March 12.— TMve
persons were killed arid forty injured in
a collision between two excursion trains
to-day near Rakaia, on the Rakaia Rail
way.
SAILS FBOM MALTA.
Transport Sheridan Proceeds on Its
Voyage to Manila.
T-A VELETTA,' Malta, March 12.— The
Union Club gave .a luncheon yesterday to
the officers commanding the American
troops on board the United States trans
port Sheridan, which arrived hore on
Thursday en route to Manila. The trans
port proceeded to-day.
DELAWABE'iT DEADLOCK.
Legislature Will Adjourn Sine Die
This Afternoon.
DOVER, Del., March 12.— The Legis
lature, which has been ineffectually
voting for a United States Senator since
January 17. will adjourn sine die to- I
morrow afternoon. There are many ru
mors to-night of possible sensations in
the joint session to-morrow. One of
these is to the effect that four of the
Addicks Republicans will vote with the
Democrats for Willard Saulsbury to
morrow if the regular Republicans per
sist in their refusal to vote for Addicks.
This rumor could not be traced to an
authoritative source. Senator Abbott,
a leading Addicks man, paid to-night he
felt confident a Senator would be elect
ed to-morrow.
Murderer Albi Taken.
SPOKANE, March 12.— William Albi,
who murdered James Lacey In the Coeur
d'Alene gambling rooms on February IS,
■was captured to-day near Sand Point,
Idaho, where he was harbored by Italian
section hands.
Passing of a Noted Actress.
LONDON, March 12.— Mrs. Robert Kee
ley, the actrees, died to-day of pneu
monia, In her ninety-third year.
OVERWORKING THE
REFORM BUSINESS
Bryan Gives Advice to
Democrats.
"ONE AT A TIME," HE SAYS
HOW TO KEEP IN FAVOB WITH !
THE PUBI/10.
Believes Neither the Initiative and
Beferendum Nor Government
Ownership Should Be
Taken Up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NETW YORK, March 12.— The Ver
dict will to-morrow print a letter, for
the first time made public, written by
William J. Bryan in 1897 to a Chicago
editor. It Is dated Lincoln, Nebr.. No
vember 26, 1897, and after referring to
personal matters says:
As I think I stated in my letter to Mr.
Flower, I am in favor of the initiative
and referendum. as far as it can be aplied
to our conditions, and assisted in the
adoption of such a plank In our State
convention, but I believe an attempt to
give that such prominence as you seem to
give it, means harm rather than advan
tage to the other reforms upon which tie
people are ready to act. I may be mis
taken, but such is my opinion. In your
letter you add the subject of Government
ownership of railroads, although ••our
circular does not mention this.
Your are in error in supposing that I
have advocated the Government owner
ship of railroads. I have been so ausily
engaged in the study and discussion of
the questions which have been imme
diately before me, that I have never had
opportunity to examine into the effect
of the Government ownership of railroads
in other countries. Even this has forcfd
certain issues into the foreground and
the people are ready to act upon triem.
To invite them to pass over these ques
tions and take up new ones will be con
fession that we were wrong last fall aiid
weaken the force of our arguments.
I note what you say In regard to the de
sire of r hose whom you represent to sup
port me in 1900. I think 1900 is too far
Hht-ad for us to know who may be mo:-
--available at that time. We are entitled
to the most available man, whoever he
may be, and the events of the next thrte
years will be needed to aid us in selecting
him. These who are trying to overthrow
the reign of plutocracy inaugurated by
the Republican party will have to do th<3
best they can, each following his own
judgment, and I trust that our forces may
be concentrated upon certain refroms held
In comrr.cn rather than divided when the
next battle VnjLIAM , BRyAX
EXCURSION MARRED
BY A SAD ACCIDENT
Young Sacramentan Drowned While
on an Outing With a Party
of Foresters.
SACRAMENTO, March 12.— Last night
a large number of members of the Order
of Foresters went down the Sacramento
River by boat to Walnut Grove to assist
in instituting a new lodge there. Among
the Jnumber was Gottlieb Schmitt. a well
known young Sacramentan. The steamer
was moored alongside the bank and a
gangplank afforded means for the excur
sionists to debark. The ceremony of in
stituting the new lodge was gone through
with in the town hall, and then the large
assemblage sat down to a banquet.
The feast had not proceeded far when
the cry, "Man overboard!" was heard
coming from the direction of the river.
A hurried glance down the tables dis
closed the absence of Schmttt. The ban
queters, filled with forebodings, ran to
the steamer and found all In commotion
there. A man's hat had been discovered
on the edge of the boat outside the guard
rait and near the gangplank. Somebody
had heard a splash and a despairing ap
peal for help. Tho hat was examined by
the visiting Foresters and recognized as
thnt of Schmitt. Search was "made for
the missing man. but without avail, and
this morning the excursionists returned
to the city, convinced that their brother
member lay at the bottom of the river.
Younpr Schmitt was never known to
t;istr liquor, and he certainly had drank
nothing on the trip down the river. How
ho came to fall overboard is a mystery.
The theory of suicide is not seriously en
tertained, since so far as known the young
man had no troubles which should lead
him to take his life. While the banquet
was in progress a salute from a small
cannon was sent off at intervals, and it
is thought by Home that Schmitt was on
the gangplank when the first of these re
ports occurred, and that, startled by tho
sudden noise, he lost his balance and fell
into the water.
Schmitt was employed at the candy fac
tory of W. F. Peterson and was unmar
ried. Men dragged the river bed in the
vicinity of the drowning all of to-day
without recovering the body.
CAPTAIN PHILLIPS
DIES OF THE GRIP
Passing of the Commander of the
American Revenue Cutter
Boutwell.
NEW YORK, March 12.— Cantain'
Morton Levy Phillips, commander of
the United States revenue cutter Bout
well, died to-day at Newberne. N. C..
of the grip, aged 61 years. He was a
son of Morton Phillips L»vy, one of
eleven brothers, all of whom served in
the Union army or navy from 1812 on.
One of these brothers. Commodore
Uriah P. Levy, abolished whipping in
the navy.
Captain Phillips was born in New
Orleans in 1838. When a lad he ran
away from home and secretly Joined
one of the ships under command of his
uncle, Commodore Levy. To conceal
his Identity he took the name Phillips.
When his uncle discovered him he had
him appointed to the revenue marine
service, and as the navy rolls had his
name Phillips he found it necessary to
retain it.
He served with distinction during
the Civil War in the patrol of the Po
tomac River, when revenue cutters
acted as gunboats. More recently he
commanded the Dexter at Newport for
three years, then was assigned to the
North Pacific, watching sealers. He
leaves a -widow, two daughters and a
eon. His family live in Portland, Me.
HONORS TO THE HERO DEAD.
Salutes to Be Fired Upon the Arrival
of Bemains of Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— The Secre
tary of .War has sent the following order
to Major-General Wesley Merritt at
Governor's Island, N. V. :
"By direction of the President you will,
upon the arrival of the Roumania with
the remains of the soldiers who were
killed or have died at Santiago and Porf>
Rico, fire a fitting salute, order all flags
half-masted and detail a sufficient guard
of honor to see that the caskets are takon
off the ship and expressed to their former
homes. The Roumania is expected to ar
rive very soon. Will telegraph you to
morrow as early as possible the exact
hour. R. A. AL.GER,
"Secretary of War."
Belgium's Queen Convalescent.
BRUSSELS. March 12.— The following
bulletin was issued this evening re
garding the condition of Queen Marl*
Henriette: "The Queen is progressing In
her convalescence. She has refreshing
sleep and is regaining her strength."
COMES TO STUDY
NAVAL METHODS
Frenchman's Mission to
This Country.
ATTACHED TO THE EMBASSY
OTHEB EUROPEAN NATIONS
WILL SEND AGENTS.
Success of Americans on the Sea Haß
Attracted World-Wide At
tention to Our
Ships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, March 12.—Lieuten
ant de Faramond of the French navy
recently arrived here in company with
the French Embassador, M. Cabon,
to become naval attache of the French
embassy. Lieutenant de Faramond
has had much experience as a naval
observer, following the Japanese and
Chinese vessels through the China-
Japan war, and now coming here to
study American naval methods. Speak
ing of the American navy to-day Lieu
tenant de Faramond said:
"The American navy has attracted
worldwide attention within the last
year, and this is leading European
countries to send naval attaches to
Washington. This will be the first time
the French Government has had a na
val attache with the embassy. A Ger
man naval officer is coming to the Ger
man embassy, and other countries will
doubtless fallow their example. Dur
inr the Spanish-American war this
country afforded splendid opportunities
for naval study. It was the first real
test of modern fighting vessels, and na
val science must draw its conclusions
largely from what the American navy
accomplished during the war with
Spain. I think it is universally con
ceded in Europe that the American
navy has a splendid record, not only
in a general way, but in technical mat
ters of naval detail. It demonstrated
the effectiveness of the rapid fire gun
of medium caliber rather than the
larger guns. It also seemed to show
that the power of a navy is more in
its weapons of attack and offense, its
capability of giving blows, rather than
in its heavy armor and capability of
resisting blows.
"We in Fiance were quite aware of
the growing power of the American
navy even bef- m the recent war. Our
chief naval constructor, M. Bertin.
came to this country prior to the war
and made a tour of your dockyards,
arsenals, etc. On his return he made
an official report, c' iwine the great
improvements the American naval
constructors had brought about, par
ticularly in the arrangement of bulk
heads and in the distribution of armor
so as to protect vital points. We also
know your American armor, and are
using the Harveyized American process,
which has been found entirely satisfac
tory thus far.
Lieutenant de Faramond says foreign
naval observers are not only interested
in the results of the war, but are also
observing the large amount of naval
construction now in progress in the
United States, and the naval improve
ment it involves. From Italian naval
statistics he shows that the United
States was to-day reckoned second
among the greal powers in point of
warships under construction. The ton
nage by countries is as follows: Great
Britain, 153.132 tons; United States, 56.
--425 tons; Japan, 47,510; Russia. 29,040;
France, 25,668; Germany, 16,545; Italy,
2972.
"An interesting line of inquiry," said
Lieutenant de Faramond, "is as to why
you are building so many heavy ships,
ironclads as we call them, as against
the lighter, swifter cruisers. The iron
clad is essentially a home ship, and is
not fitted, owing to her bulk and lack
of coal capacity, for crossing the ocean,
or for long cruises. The French navy
has in commission fifteen ironclads on
the Mediterranean and eight in the
Northern squadron: but those are
purely defense vessels and never leave
the home ports. The performance of
your battleship Oregon in running
13,000 miles around South America was
remarkable for that reason, and her
present trip across the Pacific is equal
ly remarkable. But, judged by the
usual naval standards, an armored
cruiser would have been much better
equipped for these long voyages. She
has the speed, the coal, and at the
same time sufficient armor to make her
defensive powers almoi equal to those
of the ironclad."
The lieutenant says France has gone
farther in adopting the torpedo boat
as an effective naval weapon than any
other country. She has in all some
250 torpedo boats, some of them very
swift.
Lieutenant de Faramond says he
thinks the adoption of the water tube
boilers in American warships will be a
further improvement and will make
them much more effective for lone:
cruising. This class of boilers, he says,
has been adopted by the British ad
miralty for the Powerful, the Terrible
and ships of that class, and quite gen
erally by the naval authorities of
France, Asia. Japan, Chile. Argentine
and Italy. M. Viaud, a naval con
structor of the French navy, is at pres
ent 1n Washington on an unofficial mis
sion and will confer with our naval
constructors on this new method of
boiler construction.
"Admiral Dewey is generally recog
nized abroad as entitled to rank as one
of the great naval commanders."
said Lieutenant de Faramond. "Such
a man does honor to the naval frater
nity the world over."
MASKED MEl\f R AID A
SACRAMENTO SALOON
SACRAMENTO, March 12. — Two
masked men entered the barroom of the
Sacramento Brewery, at Twenty-eighth
and M streets, at 11 o'clock to-ni^ht and
robbed the bartender and hal a dozen
patrons of the place. Both robbers were
masked with handkerchiefs tied over the
lower portions of their faces. One en
tered the room by the rear door and the
other by way of the front entrance. Both
presented revolvers and demanded that
every person in the room hold un his
hands. The demand was complied with
without loss of timp. The robbers ' then
emptied the till behind the bar and forced
the men to give, up their money and val
uables.
One of the men resisted and was beaten
into submission by one of the robbers,
who used his revolver as a club. In all
the robbers obtained $25 and three
watches. The -ollce have no clew to
their identity, but officers are searching
the suburbs for suspicious characters.
Pipe Organ Combine.
NEW YORK. March 12.— The Herald
will say to-morrow: An effort is being
made to consolidate builders of pipe or
gans into a combination. The initiative
has been made by Chicago capitalists.
It 1* reported that the proposed combin
ation will have a capital of nearly $50,
--000,000.
KAISER WILLIAM
TO VISIT COWES
Further Evideoce^ of the Empe
ror's F rie Odliness Toward
England.
? LONDON, March ?J.— Emperor William. It is announced this morn- |
ing, will arrive at Cowes on July 29 for yachting week. The Daily •♦
? Graphic, in commenting upon the announcement, pays: °
O "Coming immediately after the Emperor's reception to Ocil Rhodes, o
■♦" it marks the complete reconciliation of Great Britain and Germany." "♦"
5. The Berlin correspondent of the Daily Mail says: °
O "I am informed that EmDeror William displayed great interest in £
+ the conference with Cecil Rhodes, asking many questions as to the lat- +
° ter's schemes, without, however, going into details <>r revealing his own o
£ views. He was especially keen regarding the telegraphic portion of .4.
4. Mr. Rhodes' projects, and he said he had not yet renounced his hope of o
o visiting Egypt to see with his own eyes the work that has been accom- +
♦ plished there. ♦
o "In the course of the interview His Majesty paid: 'Do not miss o
seeing the statues in the Sieges-Allee (Avenue of Victor).' He also ex- +
+ pressed the hope to see Mr. Rhodes again before he left Berlin." .4.
0 The Emperor illr. 1 with Prince Hohenlohe, the Imperial Chancel- o
■£ lor, yesterday after receiving Mr. Rhodes, with whom he had conversed +
4- for three-quarters of an hour. >
1 Mr. Rhodes is continuing his visits to high officials and financiers, o
4. and the general belief here is that his efforts to obt:.in the Kaiser's +
0 adherence to the project of a railroad from the Cape to Cairo, passing
q through German East African territory, will succeed. O
■-f o+ o-f o+o-f o+ o-fo♦o -f o ♦ o+o+o+o-f o-fo-f o-f o-f o4 o + o-f o-f o-f o-f ■
CONTROVERSY AS
TO THE CANAL
Denial of Statements of
Cannon.
SENATOR FRYE'S EXPLANATION
UNCLE CAM WOULD NOT HAVE
SQUANDERED MILLIONS.
There Was No Intention to Purchase
Worthless Concessions, and the
Matter Was Left to the
President's Discretion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— Some of
the members of the Senate now in the
city take exception to the statement of j
Representative Cannon published Sat
urday concerning the defeat of the
recommendations of the President in
regard to the Nicaragua canal. The
statement to which the Senators make
particular objection is the following
one:
If the Senate bill or any measure pro
posed had been enacted the United States^
would have paid $5,000,000 for a worthlcss<
concession and would have been com
mitted by law to the construction of a
canal along the Nicaragua route, and un
der such conditions it would have been
compelled, before a spadeful of earth was
turned or actual construction begun, to
have acquired by treaty from Nicaragua
and Costa Rica the territory whereon to
construct a canal and the right to con
struct it. Such legislation would have
delayed and embarrassed construction of
an isthmian canal.
Referring to this statement to-night.
Senator Frye, chairman of the commit
tee in the Senate which inserted the
Nicaragua canal amendment in the
river and harbor bill, said:
The statement of Mr. Cannon to the ef
fect that the United States would have
paid $5,000,000 for a worthless concession if ;
either the Senate canal bill or any meas- I
ure proposed had been enacted, is incor- I
rect. The Senate canal bill provided for
the appointment by the President of ap
pralsers to value any property purchased
and the amount to be paid for any such j
property was limited to $5,000,000. If it j
were assumed that the appraisers would
pay $5,000,000 for some worthless thing j
and the President would have approved j
such action, then Mr. Cannon's statement
might be correct. But Mr. Cannon, nor
any one else, assumes that such a thing
would have been possible. Now, as to
the canal amendment Inserted .in the
river and harbor bill, not a word was said
about the payment of $5,000,000 for any |
purpose. That amendment authorized j
the President for and in behalf of the
United States to acquire such portion of
territory now belonging to Costa Rica j
and Nicaragua or such rights, easements, ,
or privileges therein, or connected there-
With, as may be necessary to excavate, i
construct, control and defend a canal, and
so on. There is nothing in that provision
requiring the payment of $5,000,000 or 5
cents Nor Is there anything in that (
provision requiring that any treaty be |
negotiated with Nicaragua and <-Osta
Rica to secure territory. The President
was authorized to acquire it. if he could.
and the money was appropriated to pay
for it Ido not, and did not, interpret j
that amendment as authorizing the Presi
dent to acquire tne concession of property
of any corporation, as I do not believe
such concessions are worth anything.
But if it did authorize him to do so, it is
not true that the United States would
have paid $5,000,000 for a worthless conces
sion unless we are to assume that the
President of the United States would be a
party to it. Ido not think anybody will
assume that. Now. the only other pro
posed measure was the House bill, or the
one reported to the House by Mr. Hep
burn. That bill did not authorize the
payment of a cent lor any concession held
by any corporation. Hence, Ido not see
what could have misled Mr. Cannon
into making such a statement unless it
' was the fact that not being a member
I of any of the committee having this mat
ter in charge, he was misled.
I see that in another part of his state
ment he says that "the United States
cannot afford to enter upon this great
work until it has acquired by a treaty a
zone of territory whereon to construct
the canal." Holding that view, I do not
see how he could object, as he does in
another part of his statement, to
I measures which he says would have com
pelled the United States, before any work
could be done on the canal, to "have ac
quired by treaty from Nicaragua and
j Costa Rica the territory whereon to con
struct a canal and the right to construct
it." The fact is that a good deal was left
In the Senate bill and in the Sonata
amendments to the river and harbor bill,
as far as this subject is concerned, to
the discretion of the President. Nothing
could be done excepting with his ap
proval, and he was not required to pay
out anything, but was merely authorized
to do it. Neither did the Senate amend
ment to the river and harbor bill commit
the President to the Nicaragua route.
The Spooner amendment, which was
adopted, specifically provides that if the
President was unable to make satisfac
tory arrangements over the Nicaragua
route he could negotiate for control of or
right to construct "some other canal con
necting the Atlantic and Pacific oceans."
xYsked what action he thought the
President would take under the pro
vision finally made by Congress, Sena
tor Frye replied:
I think that he will add two members to
the Walker commission, and that he will
direct them to proceed at once to Pan
ama and inspect the canal there and re
port on that route. By tho time that is
done the Walker commission will have
been able to complete its report in regard
to the Nicaragua route. In my opinion
that report will give everything needed
in the way of information as to the Nic
aragua route, and there will be no neces
sity for acquiring any more Information
concerning that route.
WAS CHIEF OF A
GREAT COPPER RING
Death of M. Secretan Whose Opera
tions in 1888 Caused a Panic
in Paris.
PARIS, March 12. —M. Socretan,
founder of the Societe dcs Metaux
and chief agent in the great copper
ring of 1888, died to-day.
The late M. Secretan, in February.
1888, formed a French syndicate to raise
the price of copper, then very low, by
a monopoly. The syndicate had every
thing its own way until March of the
; following year, when it came to grief
' through M. Secretan's wild specula
tions in copper, its collapse being fol
lowed by a widespread panic. M. Sec
, retan's tapestries, china and articles of
vertu, with some of his pictures, were
; sold at public auction, realizing enor
; mous prices. Shortly after several plc
j tures were taken to London, where they
I were so-ld by Messrs. Christie for nearly
£30,000. He contrived, however, to
save enough from the wreck to live
comfortably.
ALASKAN EXPLORATIONS
WILL BE CONTINUED
Colonel Ray Ordered to Prepare to
Return to the Northern
Territory.
NEAV YORK. March 12.— A Washington
special to the Herald Bays: An order will
be issued by the War Department to
morrow directing the resumption of
Alaskan explorations, which were brought
to r a stop as the result of the war with
Spain.
; It is proposed to put in the field the
same parties which were engaged in the
work last year. It is thereiore expected
orders will be sent to Colonel P H. Ray,
commanding the Third Infantry, now at
Guantanamo. directing him to prepare for
a return to Alaska. He is already under
orders to return home. Major Glenn, who
recently returned from Alaska, will be
sent back to continue his work.
Yearn for California.
AUBURN, March 12— N.-.trly all the
Britons who have recently left the Eng
lish colony here and returned to their
former homes in England, are anxious
to get back to this side of the Atlantic.
They say thoy cannot stand the climate
there. Recent advices from Captain
Jacobs and family. H. G. Ponting and
family and a number of others quote
them to the effect that they will be back
to California before summer.
Lee Not After a Toga.
RICHMOND. Va., March 12.— A letter
from General O. B. James of this city was
made public In which General L.cc auWior
izes General James to say to his frien<l3
that it is his desire that his name be not
mentioned as a candidate for the United
States Senate to succeed Senator Martin.
He gives as his reason for this course
his duties in the army and the uncertain
ty of their duration.
Growth of American Coal Trade.
HARTLEPOOL. Eng.. March 12.— X
large steamship owner ha? received over
tures from American agents to carry
American coal to Europe at from 11 to
12 shillings per ton. North of England
coal merchants are alarmed at the steady
growth of the American coal trade to
European ports that formerly took Eng
lish coal. •
Leprosy at Monterey.
MONTEREY, March 12.— The <"hinesp of
Monterey are excited over the tlisoovery
of a case hi leprosy in the local China
town. The leper was found by the Mon
terey Health Officers. He was removed to
the pesthouse.
• ■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
&&£r iJr*n
f f t*tto h fe^\ fm
fl T^or men who want to be stronger, I
■ younger and free from the effects of ■
I past errors. It is free upon request. ■
I Dr. M. A. McLaaghllß, 702 Market ■
I street, 1 corner of Kearny. San Francisco, jfl
Radway's
Pi!ls
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ,'
For the cure of all disorders of .the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th»
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a, box. At DrUk'gl»t«,
or by mail. RADWAY & CO..' New. York.
. ■ • . .SIGNS INDICATE
AN EARLY BREAK
IN THE DEADLOCK
Administration at Washington Anxious Tor
a Senator bnt Not for Burns.
A NEW BRACER FOR THE TOUTS
The Mexican Working the Grant Friendship Scheme for
All It Is Worth in Order to Hold the Colnmn
Solid a Little Longer.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- I
MENTO, March 12.— The statement that
the administration at Washington will
not interfere in the contest for United
States Senator now in progress here is t
again corroborated. To-night Genera!
Barnes received a letter from Judge
Waymire in which the latter writes un- J
der date of Modesto, March 12, as fol- I
lows:
"I have a letter from Mr. Hanna, in
Which he expresses great anxiety to
have a Senator elected. Says he has
not taken sides with any one."
3t is known that the "organization"
made an effort to get from Washington j
an expression of some kind favorable to |
the aspirations of D. M. Burns, and it is j
now clear that the attemnt was unsue- j
cessful. The duty of electing a Senator i
will, be performed by the Republican |
majority in the Legislature. The signs
to-night indicate that the deadlock will I
be broken. Colonel J. P. Jackson, Cdl
* lector of the Port of San Francisco,
■went home to-day but will return to
this place to-morrow evening. Senator !
Currier of Los Angeles, who has been j
absent from the Senate for three weeks
or more, returned to-night and will cant
his vote for United States Senator on
the joint ballots to-morrow. It is said
here to-night that he will vote for Gen- i
eral Barnes.
Assemblyman Huber went south day ]
before yesterday. He will probably re- j
turn to-morrow or next day. Assembly
man Le Barron may leave Sacramento
for his home in Sonoma County next
Wednesday evening. His mind is not
tuily made up on this point, but he says j
that business affairs at home demand ,
his personal attention. He will return!
I here provided the session of the Legis
-1 lature is prolonged beyond the coming
■ week.
? All the whispered rumors regarding a
. close relationship between the camps of
Dan Burns and U. S. Grant are given
out for circulation by the chief touts of
the Burns corral. The purpose in view
is to brace up the weak and despondent
followers of the •Colonel." The Burns ;
forces are badly d>- .oralixed by the de- J
t of the Harbor Commission reor
ganization schenv- which followed close
on Burns' defeat on poolsellingproposi
ti'iDP.
Several of the supporters of the
"Colonel" began to show signs of de
serting the corral when they saw for
themselves that the boasts of control
ling legislation were empty assertions
of strength. Something had to be done
to brace up the column and keep the
men in line between Saturday night
and Monday morning. The old bluff
Of winning the Senatorship on a cer
tain' day or getting a caucus at a cer
tain time was played out several days
ago. The touts who were capable of
doing a little brain work on their own
account called to mind that Governor
Gage had not vetoed all the legislative
measures which emanated from • the
Grant and Barnes supporters and
neither had he shown any preference I
for the bills emanating from the lead
ers in the Burns corral.
These facts, coupled with others of
equal significance, aroused the sus
picion that the promises of State
patronage, so freely made in the cor
ral, were "bricks." In order to stop a
breakaway a new confidence scheme t
had to be devised. Some one, perhaps
the adroit Lindley, fancied that it
■would be a deep game to spread
abroad the impression that an alliance
between Burns and Grant had been
established. The reports of negotia
tions between Grant and Burns are
utterly false and absurd. Burns can
not make any headway by compromise
or negotiation. He is simply facing an
impassable wall created by the force
and power of public judgment. With
the assistance of Democrats he may
be able to force an adjournment of the
Legislature before a choice for a Sen
ator is reached, but he cannot gain the
prize "himself or name the winner.
Should the Southern Pacific Railroad
refuse to sustain him in the effort to
prc-Vent the election of a Senator, his
chance of success in the scheme would
be very slender.
The fifty-eight members of the
Legislature who have resolved that
there shall be no caucus and that this
State shall not be disgraced by the
ejection of an unworthy man, repre
sent much of the integrity and ability
L of the Legislature. The superior de- |
* haters and the best parliamentary gen- |
erals are among them, they are here |
serving the public without hope of j
•" other reward than the commendation i
of the people, and they will stay until
the Legislature adjourns.
Red-eyed hunger has raised a pretty
row in the camp of the Mexican. Sixty
day? of unwonted affluence and ten
days of meager banqueting at Sacra
mento's none-too-beautlfu! lunch count
ers has left the San Francisco gang in a
Bfate of penury that is distressing. Not
one of- them but owes in San Francisco
th.- price of his election to this .session
of the Legislature. Many at them are
in debt for from a hundred to six hun
dred apiece, and those who have homes
; to have been reduced to the
necessity of remittances from that
Quarter for two weeks past. The truth
of th. matter is that then- has been not
a dollar's worth of "business" done, I
Since the gang came up here to vote for
"de Colonel," and no well regulated
"Polly" from the sunny side of Market I
pan exis-t t.irough a prolonged session,
on 1), r diem provided by {\v
State. That, however, is the rub. The
lark of cash might be taken under or
dinary cm umstances as a San Joaquin
..farmer takes a scant rainfall, as a mis
fortune, it i S the well grounded sus
picion th;.t the "stuff" has arrived and
not been doled out that has raised the
rumpus, and it has raised it to the ex- j
tent that yesterday two of the most
prominent members of the metropolitan
delegation called on Burns and on be
half of the crowd delivered its ulti
fiatunx Something must "be doing"
efore adjournment, and the leaders
have got at least to mako a divy of
what is coining into the corral.
The fender bill ran its weary lenerth
through both houses and left no golden
! trail behind it. The harbor bill left the
i same unhallowed memory. Then the
nickle-in-the-slot cinch was punctuated
with no dollar marks, and the gang be
i pan to ask questions. They had seen
' their leaders doing the line with wads
i of long green that would make the eyes
iof a veteran of '91 bulge. They have
i seen the major regaling self and "Jake"
; on French dinners that conjured memo
! ries of happier and more prolific days,
I and have wondered where the price was
j coming from. They carried no sacks.
' and ate no dinners and the most log
ical conclusion possible from the gang
; was that the •stuff" was on hand and
i in plenty, but that it was getting no
i farther than headquarters.
Then came the Santa Fe bill. Two
I days before that measure came up .on
I its final passage the gang "hollered
| murder," as it was expressed by a
I prominent member. "No stuff, no vote,"
! was the ultimatum, and fo-r forty-ejght
I hours matters looked serious for the
i bill in the Assembly. An hour before
j it was called up, however, word came
! from headquarters to stand in. The
whip was laid on and had a salutary
effect, and the gang had nothing to
do but throw up its hand and shr,-ut
"aye" when its turn came. Since then
rebellion has been almost open. The
gang cannot be convinced that dollars
I in large numbers were not used in get
ting the measure .through, and they
' insist that the two leaders on the floor
I who engineered matters hogged the
j whole sack. They look at it as a cold
j blooded business proposition and figure
i that they have been bunkoed out of
I their due profit by false pretenses.
It was this that caused the visit of
yesterday to- the colonel. Those who
represented the gang told without em
bellishment ' their tale of woe and in
| formed Burns that while he need not
j fear defection from the ranks it would
! be well for him to remember that the
I crowd would not stand everything, and
that his lieutenants must be instructed
to do the fair thing and give them a
chance to make enough at least to pay
off those pre-election obligations. The
prospect of going back home next week
with empty pockets and nothing but
overdue nc-tes to face is not pleasing
and the week must bring forth profit.
Senator Currier of Los Angeles, who
arrived from the south thi^ evening,.
went at once to his apartments on L
street and gave directir.-ns to deny ad
mission to callers, as he required rest.
While his health is not fully restored
he expects to be able to attend the joint
Assembly to-morrow. His most inti
mate friends say that he will vote for
General Barnes.
Milton Green to-night telephoned to
the Grant people that he would be here
to-morrow forenoon. He expected to
leave Oakland this evening, but his
wife's physicians advised him to remain
at home until Monday morning.
MANY HEARTS TO BE
MADE GLAD THIS WEEK
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 12.— 1t is expected that
during the present week Governor Gage
will make a number of appointments and
thus make happy many Republicans who
have been slated for several of the places
within the gift of the Chief Executive
since the beginning of the year. It is
necessary that some of the appointments
to be made by the Governor shall be con
firmed by the Senate. Appointments of
this class are the ones that will be an
nounced during the present week that
they may be acted on by the Senate be
fore adjournment of the Legislature.
There are several candidates in the field
for the position of State Labor Commis
sioner. One of these is Lou Martin, ser
geant at arms of the Senate. Martin is
well liked and highly esteemed by men of
all shades of political belief and during
his incumbency of his present position he
has g-ained a host of friends. Contrary
to the general rule in such cases, Martin's
candidacy for the position of Labor Com
missioner is a popular one.
Working for Adjournment.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 12.— The Finance Com
mittee of the Senate has decided that the
genera! appropriation bill must be ready
by Wednesday so as to allow of adjourn
ment ou Saturday next. The commit
tee held a session to-day anil figured on
appropriations for public institutions, but
there was no material change made in the
bill. Some of the State officers will be
hauled before the committee to show why
they should be given as much as the bill
allows ihem, but it is not expected that
many changes will be made in the Hems.
The "committee will consider the bill to
morrow and Tuesday, and Wednesday, if
the present plans prove effective, the bill
will reach the Senate.
TRANSPORTING HERDS
TO THE LOWLANDS
Miller & Lux Removing Stock to the
Tule Islana of the San
Ooaquin.
STOCKTON, Marrh 12.— Miller & Lux
are bringing in their droves of cattle
from Kern and the lower counties, where
it Is anticipated the drought will strike the
hardest. Last night seventeen carloads
of stock were brought here for removal
down to the tule islands, and it is un
derstood shipments will continue until
several thousand head are put on the low
lands. The stock of this firm was on the
Islands last year, hut was removed south
in the fall in the belief that two dry years
would not fall together. By the river the
stock at least is assured of water, but
the 'iiulook for even this is dismal, ac
cording to reports from grazing districts
further south. .At several points In this
county stock has been turned In on the
wheat fields. On the west side, where
two crops were planted. It is not believed
any amount <)f rain would bring the crop
out In spite of this situation farmers
in some districts have not given up hope
that late showers will give them at least
a partial crop.
King Oscar's Life Insured.
Special Cable to The Call and thp New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor-
don Rpnnett.
STOCKHOLM. March 12.— King Oscar,
who is 70 years old, has just had his life
insured in a Swedish company. The pre
mium is 37,000 kroners a year. 1 under
stand some of the American companies
competed without getting a chance.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, HOBDAY, MARCH 13, 1399.
ENTIRELY IGNORANT
OF ITALY'S STANDING
So Stronger Measures Than an Ultimatum Ma)
Cause China te Give Up San Mun
Bay,
♦ LONDON, March 13.— The Peking correspondent of the Times says •
♦ regarding the demand of the Italian Governmei ' for a concession at J
+ San Mun Bay th? stronger measures than the ultimatum of Siernor +
O Martipo, the Italian Minister at Peking, will be necessary to induce O
♦ compliance, as the foreign office is "entirely ignorant of Italy's standing £
+ among the nations." 4-
O According to a dispatch to the Daily Mail from St. Petersburg, o
♦ Talien Wan, the Russian fortified port in the Liau Tong Peninsula, will +
? be opened as a free port on the completion of the Manchurian Railway
O in 1902. . . O
AS REVEALED BY
THE RED BOOK
Political Capital May
Be Found.
STAND OF THE PRESIDENT
APPEARED ANXIOUS TO CON
TINUE WAR WITH SPAIN.
It Is Explained, However, That Mc-
Kinley and Day Displayed the
Correct Diplomatic
Attitude.
Special Dispatch to The Call!
NEW YORK, March 12.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: Administration officials
are very much gratified at the ability
and tact displayed by Embassador
Jules Cambon in representing Spain
during: the peace negotiations last sum
mer, as shown by the correspondence
made public in the Spanish red -book
and printed in the Herald this morning.
Embassador Cambon's letter, in
which he says the President and Sec
retary Day seemed to be disappointed
when Spain accepted the terms at
peace, and that it seemed to be appar
ent that they thought Spain would re
ject the terms and afford a greater ex
cuse for forcing the war to an end, will
probably be made much of by political
opponents of the administration. It
will be seized upon by Democrats as an
evidence that the President wanted ta
continue the war for the mere sake
of fighting, and that he wanted to still
further humiliate an already defeated
nation.
Both the President and Mr. Day will
be charged with being jingoes of the
most extreme type, who were not satis
fied with obtaining a relinquishment of
Spanish sovereignty in Cuba, the ces
sion of Porto Rico and Guam and the
submission of the sovereignty of the
Philippines to the peace commission,
but wished to carry the war to the ex
tent of depriving Spain of all. her colo
nies, and perhaps even to the extent of
bombarding the seacoast cities on the
Spanish peninsula.
In opposition to this argument it can
be urged that as M. Boefve, chancellor
of the French embassy, explains, the
disappointment of the President was
not because Spain had accepted, but
MEXICAN DAKi "800 HOO! THEY WON'T LET ME HAVE A CAUCUS."
because she had failed to make an un
conditional acceptance. It can also be
asserted that if the President and Mi-.
Day led the French Embassador to
think that they were anxious to con
tinue the war they took exactly the
j proper method to bring Spain to terms
without more delay.
Whatever may have been their mo
tive, it seems from the corespondence
printed in the red book that the Span
ish Government was impresse.d with
the entire willingness if not anxiety
of the President to continue the war
even to the extent of obliterating the
Spanish kingdom, and the result was
an immediate acceptance by the Span
ish Ministry of the terms offered by
the United States.
CHARGED WITH THE
MURDER OF HIS SON
Nick Bandini's Suicide Story Not
Believed by San Jose Offi
cials.
SAN JOSE, March 12.— Joe Bandlni, who
with his father, Nick Bandini, was a prin
cipal in a cutting and shooting affray last
night, is dead and the parent occupies a
cell in the city prison, accused of having
murdered his "son. Bandini Sr. denies the
charge, and says the boy committed sui
cide. All the circumstances are against
this theory. The old man is nearly wild
with anguish and has expressed a desire
to end his existence. He begs all who
come near to give him poison or a
weapon:
Young Bandini. who was 19 years of age,
died at the receiving hospital this morn
ing at 4 o'clock. The bullet had pene
trated the brain.
Chief of Police Kidward put Nick Ban
dini in the "sweatbox." District Attorney
Campbell was present and the man was
closely questioned through an interpre
ter. "Bandini said he and his son had
been engaged in irrigating "an orchard in
the Willows. After supper the boy left
his home. He started In search of him
and found him visiting Henry Tolesco on
Park avenue, a few blocks away. They
left there at 8:30 for their home on the
corner of San Salvador street and Bird
avenue. After they reached home the
boy declared his intention to go uptown.
The father objected and a quarrel result
ed. Young Bandini started to go and his
father grappled with him. The boy had
a knife in his hand eating a piece of cel
ery, and in the struggle the father was
badly cut in the hand and received a
slash in the neck. Bandini told his son
he had killed him and rushed Into another
part of the house to dress his wounds.
Young Bandini went out the back door
and a few minutes later the father heard
a pistol shot. He ran out and found the
boy lying on the steps with a bullet
wound in the top of his head. The pris
oner stated he was then about to kill
himself with remorse, but a son-in-law,
Innocencla Battalio, prevented the act.
•
TE DETTM AT ST. PETER'S.
Celebrated to Commemorate Pope
Leo's Recovery.
ROME, March 12.— The solemn Te
Deum was celebrated at St. Peter's
Cathedral to-day to commemorate the
Pope's recovery and his coronation in the
chapel on March 3. 1878. Cardinal Ram
polla, papal Secretary of State, officiated
in the presence of an immense congrega
tion.
This evening the Piazzl di Ran Piet.ro
is illuminated.
LIVES LOST IN
THE BLIZZARD
Two Fatalities in the
Black Hiiis.
RANCHER'S SON IS MISSING
BELIEVED TO SAVE PERISHED
DURING THE STORM.
Streets of Michigan Cities Blocked
by Snowbanks From Four
to Eight Feet in
Depth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, March 12.— A Bee special
from Rapid City, S. D., says: The bliz
zard that swept over the country east
of this city last week was the worst
ever experienced here. Reports Just
coming in say at least two lives were
lost. The son of Shelby Reed, a large
sheep owner, who was out tending
sheep, is missing, and there Is little
doubt that he perished. A mail carrier
named Pearson is missing. Shelby's
horse came home rider-less during the
storm and the saddle has been found.
It Is feared others were caught in the
storm and have perished.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., March 12.— The
latest news received here from the
Cheyenne and Northern passenger
train, snowbound near Iron Mountain
for over two weeks, is that the train is
expected to arrive here about Tuesday.
The relief train sent from here on Fri
day has been unable to make much
headway against the snowdrifts. Al
though the provision supply of the Im
prisoned train is small, it is said there
is no danger of the passengers suffering
for the want of food. The farmers in
the vicinity are supplying them with
what they can spare from their limited
stock on hand.
DETROIT, Mich., March 12.— A spe
cial to the Tribune from Bessemer says:
I The heaviest storm in the history of
the snow belt is prevailing. For forty
eight hours all trains have been snowed
in at different places. Streets are block
ed by banks of snow from four to eight
feet deep. This, with former storms,
I will make the total fall of snow about
eight to twelve feet on an average. In
some places the drifts are from the top
of one roof to another. Telegraph wires
are down and all communications are
by private lines.
A special from Houghton says: A
howling blizzard for the past twenty
| four hours has tied up everything. All
! trains are canceled and no railroad
| communication with the East has been
had since Saturday. A double-header
I sent out this morning over the Mineral
Range struck a snow bank twelve feet
high one mile west of Haycock and a
gang of snow shovelers was dispatched
to shovel the engines out. Snow drifts
eight feet high are in the streets.
Calumet reports the streets complete
ly blocked and in places the drifts
cover the first story of some of the
business houses. Joseph Willmer, a
trammer, was found frozen to death to
day.
MILWAUKEE, March 12.—Through
out the 'Wisconsin Valley districts the
snow is from one to four feet deep on
the level. Trains to-day were several
hours late. Many of the streams in
Eastern Wisconsin and Northern Wis
consin have overflowed, washing out
railway tracks in many nlaces.
OSHKOSH, Wis, March 12.— A heavy
I rain preceded by a thaw has resulted
in the flooding of the various parts of
'■ the city. In the low district of the
! south side a number of streets are un
; der water and many families have been
compelled to move their household
goods to the upper stories.
GOMEZ GLAD
TO SHEATHE
HIS SWORD
Touching Manifesto as to
Removal From flrmy's
Con)n)and.
It Is Believed, However, That a
Majority of Cubans Will Uphold
Their Veteran Leader.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, March 12.— General Go
mez has issued the following state
ment to the Cuban people and army:
By the use of the supreme faculties
with which it is endowed, the Assembly,
representing the army only, has deposed
me as eommander-in-ehief of the Cuban
army, which grade it conferred upon me
during the last war. As eommander-in
chlef I always followed the dictates of
my best conscience and the call of great
national needs. I endeavored in all cir
cumstances to fulfill my duty.
The Assembly considers the fact that I
do not aid it in efforts to raise loans,
which later would compromise the great
est financial and political interests of
Cuba, to be an act of insubordination and
of want of respect. The primary cause
for the action taken against me is my
conviction that Cuba should begin the
exercise of its own sovereignty, as a re
public of union and concord, proclaimed
at Monte Cristo and sustained unimpaired
on the field of battle, free from all com
promise, keeping the nation's honor
spotless.
As for the rest, as a sincere man. I
confess I thank them because they re
lieve me of great political obligations and
also leave me free to return to my aban
doned home, which, during thirty years
of continual strife for the good of this
country that I love so much, has been
my one aspiration. Foreigner as I am,
I did not come to serve this country by
helping it to defend Its just cause as a
mercenary soldier, and consequently,
since the oppressive power of Spain has
withdrawn from this land and left Cuba
in freedom, I have sheathed my sword,
thinking I had finished' the mission I had
voluntarily imposed upon myself. I am
owed nothing. I retire contented and
satisfied at having done all I could for
the benefit of my broth-rs. Wherever
destiny rules that I maka my home,
there can the Cubans defend upon a
friend.
Governor General Brooke was noti
fied last night of the removal of Go
mez, and when seen this morning he
was much interested to learn the de
tails of the Assembly's proceedings. He
said he could not express an opinion
as to the effect of the Assembly's ac
tion upon the future relations between
General Gomez and the United States,
particularly In the matter of disburs
ing the $3,000,000 offert I by Washing
ton to the Cuban trr as a condition
of disbandment, but the impression
among the American authorities seems
to be that, as the Assembly has never
been officially recognized by the United.
States Government, its actions, so far
as "Washington is concerned, will not
amount to more than the resolutions of
any other body of individuals.
The Assembly is being strongly cen
sured by Cubans on all sides, and there
were popular demonstrations this aft
ernoon in favor of the deposed com
mander-in-chief, the crowds shouting
"Long live Gomez" and 'Death to the
Assembly." „
General Gomez during the day re
ceived numerous visitors, all of whom
assured him of their affection and loy
alty, and that the declaration by the
Assembly, on whatever subject, could
not represent even the army, as the
elections which gave its members their
present positions are really voidable
for Illegality and political jobbery.
There is no doubt that a majority of
the people surrnort him as against the
Assembly. The local press will prob
ably attack the Assembly, urging its
dissolution as the best tntng that can
happen and insisting that there is no
reason why the United States authori
ties may not continue to treat with
General Gomez in the matter of the
payment of the troops.
It is said an good authority that the
pay rolls Gomez is preparing to hand
General Brooke are most complete, full
and fair, and that when the army
learns he can aid the troops in- procur
ing $3,000,000, whereas it is problemat
ical whether the Assembly can obtain
anything, there is little doubt as to the
side the army will take in the contro
versy. The troops are tired of the field
and insufficient food and the indica
tions are that they would readily dis
band on receipt of the $3,000,000, unless
deceived by the Assembly with prom
ises of a larger payment in the event
of refusing to disband.
General Gomez enjo-ys the full confi
dence of the American military au
thorities and it is not believed thSt he
will leave Cuba at present.
The question of his successor as com
mander in chief has not yet been con
sidered, but General Mayia Rodriguez
is the next in command.
The patriotic clubs have decided to
abolish the Junta Patric-tica and to es
tablish a patriotic league in its place.
General Gomez. It is said, will be asked
to accept the presidency of the new or
ganization,
TREE OF LIBERTY IS
PLANTED AT SANTIAGO
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 12.— A
movement is on foot here to persuade
the Lfnlted States Government to pur
chase San Juan Hill, to be used as a
public park. The idea is that a certain
portion could be set apart to be used
as an American cemetery and the site
of a mortuary church. A few thousand
dollars spent upon the rest would make
a beautiful recreation ground, including
a half-mile racetrack, a baseball dia
mond and tennis ground. General
Wood, military Governor, and other
prominent Americans favor the pro
ject.
Senor Bacardi, Mayor of Santiago, to
day planted a tree of liberty in the
Plaza Dolores in the presence of more
than 3000 children, representing the dif
ferent schools of the city, as well as a
large concourse of citizens. He spoke
of the glorious deeds of Cuban patriots
during the last thirty years and of their
uphill struggle in the face of immense
odds. He paid a warm tribute to the
good work done by General Wood, and
glowingly prophesied regarding what
will be done "when the Cubans manage
their own country without assistance."
RIVERA GOES TO
CONFER WITH GOMEZ
PONCE, Porto Rico, March 12.—
Senor Munoz Rivera, former Secretary
of State in the insular Cabinet, left for
Havana yesterday by the steamer San
Ignacio, en route for the United States.
Before his departure he had a confer
ence with the colonial commission now
inquiring into questions relating to the
civil government of Porto Rico, to
which much importance is attached.
The commissioners declined to make
public the nature of the conference,
on the ground that it must be kept pri
vate for the prr nt.
Before leaving Havana for the United
States Senor Munoz Rivera will confer
with General Maximo Gomez. He was
the recipient of more than a hundred
telegrams and letters wishing htm suc
cess.
ALUMINUM POWER
LINE IS COMPLETED
The Blue Lakes Plant Is Now Ready
to Supply Stockton With
Electricity.
STOCKTON. March 12.— The pole line of
the Blue Lakes Power Plant is now com
pleted from Stockton to Mokelumne Hill
and has been given final inspection by the
best experts the company could engage.
It is expected that power equal to 5000
horsepower will be delivered here over
four wires within forty-five days. The
survey for the line to Oakland is going
forward rapidly. Great interest centers
in how the aluminum wires will work un- ,
der heavy voltage. If entirely success
ful, as the owners have every reason to
expect, the remainder of the great system
will be completed in the same manner.
If not, the company will have to fall back
on copper wire. The pole line is said to
be the finest ever erected in the West.
Encounters a Typhoon.
TACOMA, March 12.— The steamer
Victoria, arriving- to-day from China and
Japan, encountered a terrific typhoon of
four days' duration off the coast of
Japan. She. outrode the storm safely,
and has no word of other vessels being
damaged by it. The steamer brought 200
passengers, mostly Chinese and Japan
ese, and 1900 tons of freight across the
I'acitie. Thr> Asiatics were for Victoria
and this port. Included in the cargo are
300 bales of silks, valued at hundreds of
thousands of dollars. They go east by
the overland express to-night.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
% Cameras ?
I And Photo |
I Supplies I
2 Have been recently added to our stock, ♦
X and we can now furnish you- with all O
a photographic goods at cut-rate prices. ♦
O DRY PLATES, 3%x3% -5c dozen O
. DRY PLATES, 4x5..... sOc dozen a
¥ DRY PLATES,' 6x7... OOc dozen A
O DRY PLATES, 6Hx5H.....*1-45 dozen
X . Other sizes at same reduced rates. q
a, We carry in stock all make 3 of ram- ♦ '
n eras with prices ranging from 75c to O
? 945.00. ; ♦
•■▼ Our DARK ROOM, which is perfectly q
5 fitted. is at the dißpo^al of our ra- a
♦ trons at all hours. O
0 Instructions given free of charge,
?.;-' WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS. +
JL M ARKferSl
"JT •*— ' HAXI TO. MALE BROS— """"
' *" ' ' I
tIERCE S
FAVORITE
SCRSPTION
FOR WEAK WOMEN,
DR-MCNULTYI
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specluliatcurw Private; Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases' Oi 1 Men only. Bonk on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Met:. free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patients cur«»<ißt Home. Terms reasonable. nour»9 j
to3dnliy;6.3otoB::iU ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oracldreas
P. ROBCOE JIoXUIiTY. M. ».
•^0 . Kearny »t., San Francisco. Cal.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful aphrodlslnc and ipeclflo tools
for th« sexual and urinary organs of botA
sexes, and a. 'great- remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Rcatoratlr*.
lnvigorator and Nervine. Sells on - Its own
Merita; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
gtt Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
l>lCri VI I M LOST VIGOR.
S— ■— AND MANHOOD
IBpi \i Gures Irnpotency Night Emissions and wasting
Mm2F( diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and -
WJ'^T] indiscretion. A nerre-tonic and blood-builder.
1 tI Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
WM-^- J stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
RfflfcZ^L ban 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
Mfl^^Kx 1 guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrv-ta medical Co., Clinton ft Jackson ttt., CWcaa*. •
VAI-'-ER BROS.. 33 Grant are. .San Franolsa^
56
MONDAY MARCH 13, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAJ^J^anager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. 5. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ....217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage:
EAILY CALL (including Sunday call), "one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
PAILY CALL— By Single Month *> 5 «?
SUNDAY CALL One Year.: ••••• ,1.C()
WEEKLY CALL. One Year " IMO
All postmaster* are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample ccpios will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE . ......~: ■ 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO .Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, OD«n until
9:30 c'c!ocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9;30 o'clock-
ISA; Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513 I
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open untli 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "Fedora."
Tlvoll— " . : er."
Thwayman."
ville.
Alh - wcy. thf He'o of Manila.
Orund Opera House— Ellis Opera Co.. !n "Faust."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Thoauu— Vaudeville every afternoon
and ev< -
rner Mason nnd Ellis streets. Specialties.
'Vntral I'ark— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridgre & Co —Tuesday, March. 14, at 12
m., Real Estate, treet
By Yon Rhein A Co.— Thursday. March 23, at 12 m., Real
Estate at Hi Calii mi.-i sti^t.
THE BUSINESS SITUATION.
ONE of the most gratifying signs of the times of
late is the general advance of wages in certain
industrial lines. The cotton workers, metal'
workers and coal miners are now receiving from 5 to
10 per cent more wages than a week ago. most of the
increase being at the higher figure. This tells .the
of industrial prosperity better than anything
else. Another good sign 19 the marked activity of the
New York dry goods market, which .is reported
booming to such an extent that most lines of cottons
silks are away behind in their orders owing to the
oversold condition of the mills. As for the iron and j
steel trade, it is still characterized by a feverish de
mand, insufficient supplies, further advances in quota-
tions and an increase in the number of old furnaces
being fitted up tor operation. This trade has made
gigantic strides during the past year or two and now
kpds the world. Lumber, too. continues in fine con
dition, the demand is active in most localities and
prices are firm on account of the well-cleaned-up con
n of the market. The state of trade in general
throughout the country is shown by the increase of
49.5 per cent in the weekly bank clearings over the
same week in 1898. and the decline in the number of
failure? from 248 in 1898 to 182 in- 1899. The leading
markets, East and West, report an active spring trade.
ally in dry goods, boots and shoes and clothing.
Though business in Wall street fell off somewhat
there was a stronger tone, though it was; generally
ascribed to bullish manipulation. The only unfavor
able feature- of the week was the continued demor
alization of the wool market, which is still hampered
by immense stocks all over the country. Wheat was
weaker in spite of crop damage reports and a con
tinuation of the large export demand, as there was a
disposition to discount the expected Government rc
of large stocks still in the hands of the farmers
The leport has since been issued and it gives the
amount still in farmers' hands at 198.000,000 bu-i'ic's,
or about 29.2 per cent of last year's crop. This is not
a bad showing, however, as we have passed almost
three-quarters' of the crop year and have used up al
most three-quarters of the yield. The supplies of corn
are also normal and about what they generally are at
this time of the year. So there is nothing discour
aging in the statistical position of- the cereal market.
A striking feature of the week in this State was the
suspension of the county bank of San Luis Obispo,
not through any want of funds but because the di
rectors did not care to go through another dry season,
which seemed imminent. This action seems rather
premature to an outsider, as the same dispatch which
announced the closing of the bank stated that a rain
in a few days would set the county all right, and the
conditions of late have been rather in favor of rain
than against it. A procedure of this sort is apt to
have an unfavorable effect on business and should not
be taken until the apprehended condition has passed
from the mist of contingency into the broad daylight
of settled fact. There is time to cross a bridge when
it is reached. The State, except in a few southern and
centra 1 ! localities, is not suffering from lack of rain,
though it is uselejs to deny that it is needed almost
everywhere. Light rains, however, have been coming
id from the ocean of late, and if they continue we will
get fur ct ops all right.
Every few days a dispatch comes through from the
East informing us that business in California is stag-
l-int on account of dry weather. There is nothing
like going away from home to get the news. If there
n any stagnation in general trade in San Francisco
it has not yet reared its grisly head. Real estate is
dull, but i* has been so for several years. Merchan
dising, however, is going along just as usual, our local
brink clearings exhibit no commercial depression,
failures continue few and small, collections are up to
the average, and there is plenty of money in sight for
solvent borrowers at the established rates of interest.
The crops in the northern part of the State are all
right and the southern portion will make a fair show
ing with the usual spring showers.. Any expectation
of crop failure at the moment, therefore, is simply
discounting n shadowy future which we may never see.
One good rain will effectually lay the menacing
specter which has been scaring timid folk for some
weeks. In any event the crops of the State at large
look a hundred -per cent better than they did nt this
time last year, when we made a pretty fair showing,
nil things considered. Those who are in daily touch
-vith the mercantile element hear no serious com
plaints of dull trade nor many apprehensions as to the
future. And surely the merchants ought to know
how business stands.
Jack Chirm has been indicted down in Kentucky.
There is a feeling of disgust there because he threat
«ncd to shoot and didn't.
Porto Rico is howling for liberty, and the people
of the island would not know what to do with it if
they had it
THE FIELD OF BLOOD.
WITH voices of righteous indignation the pastors
of the city yesterday united in denouncing the
Inglcside gamblers and the far reaching evil
they maintain at the race course. With the fervor of
men who feel the responsibility resting upon them
as guardians of the moral welfare of the community,
they upheld the action of the Supervisors in taking
steps to put an end to the evil, and urged all good j
citizens t-o support the officials in the work of reform.
The pastors know how great has been the evil
wrought by the race course, with its hordes of pool- i
sellers tempting not only men but young boys and I
even women to enter upon the swift and sure, road j
to ruin. They have watched the dreary record in- ;
crease in the number of ruined lives, wrecked homes j
and disgraced families. They have therefore spoken I
upon the subject with the genuine eloquence of earn- i
est feeling. They stand forth as the champions of ;
the home as well as of the altar, and plead to the
strength of humanity to act in accord with divine law
and save weaker humanity 1 from the curse of the evil
which threatens it.
It was full time for the pastors of the city to speak
out. The issue is one of morality and falls clearly
within the scope of the duty to their profession and j
to their people. The Call is glad to welcome such
strong allies to the cause it has so much at hvart and
for which it has labored so long. It can commend
all they have said in their zeal for the right, because
! in its work of chronicling the daily occurrences of the
city it has had occasion to lay before its. readers a
terrible array of crimes ranging from embezzlement i
! to suicide resulting from the effects and the influ
ences of what one of the pastors so aptly called "the
| field of blood."
The Supervisors having now entered upon the work
of freeing the city of the fearful curse, should not turn
! back nor stay their hands until the task is fully ac
complished. The better portion of the press is with
them, the labor organizations are with them, the mer
chants are with them, mothers are with them and the
j clergy are with them. Indeed every force in the com
munity which makes for good is on their side.
Doubtless the gamblers of the track and their
patrons can rally a host sufficient in numbers and loud
enough in talk to seem strong. Doubtless they can
raise considerable sums of money and get cunning
advocates to fight for the continuance of the nefarious
trade which has proven so profitable to them. Such
strength as they can muster, however, is as nothing to
that which is against them. Business sagacity, which
desires to guard employes against temptation to dis
honesty, is in this instance united in sentiment with
the sacred affections of the home, which seeks the
preservation of family honor.
It is no slight issue that is presented to the Super
visors. The most vital interests of the people are at
stake. Hearts, homes and lives as well as money
are involved. San Francisco must be saved from the
menace and the curse of '"the. field of blood."
BURNS OND THE RAILROAD.
/""* ORPORATIONS, like men, usually work for !
( their own interests, and although it is frequently !
' thought that on account of their advantages they
i-.acquire too much power and too much influence,- they
! are not commonly abused because they are not phil
anthropists, but act upon selfish motives. In this
State, however, the group of corporations now epito
mized by the Southern Pacific Company seems to
have been possessed by an evil and a malicious spirit,
; which has inspired it to antagonize the people even
when the antagonism was unprofitable. Its contempt
for public opinion and its virulent love of power have i
been manifested to a degree that has caused amaze- j
ment at home and abroad. The Central Pacific Rail- |
road had hardly been completed through the munifi
cent endowment of the Federal Government, by the
State and by municipalities before the words "all the
traffic will bear" expressed its undeviating policy. Part
of the ordinary railroad business became the culti
vation, by the establishment of opposition towns, of
inimical relations with thriving communities in the
San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys. Wherever there ;
was a railroad station it was used as a custom house,
from w-hich a tariff, which discriminated between lo
calities and even between individuals and that was
frequently prohibitory, was enforced. The absence
or the suppression of competition for twenty-eight
years or thereabouts and the unrelenting greed and
selfishness of this singularly favored monopoly drew
I into its treasury a very large proportion of the net
l earnings of the State, and through its concentration
of purpose, its close relations with every form of busi
ness and of industry, the skilled intelligence it com-
I manded and its stern and unbending discipline, its
power over politics, society, legislation and, as many
believed, even the administration of the' law, grew to
be almost unlimited and intolerable.
This unnatural position, impossible except under
our isolated condition, was not obtained without
steady and uncompromising resistance, and in a grow
ing American commonwealth, reaching out in all di
rections for connections with the civilized and even
with the uncivilized world, it could not be permanent
ly held. The railroad was always opposed, not within
its legitimate sphere but in its aggressive cupidity
and in its insolent dogmatism, and sometimes it was
beaten. At last a point was reached where two facts
seemed to concur; first, that all practical questions be
tween the railroad and the people were settled and
closed, and, second, that its brand upon a political
organization insured defeat. Our citizens of any rec
ognized party are not sand-lotters nor proletarians.
They have no prejudice against the railroad, no wish
to confiscate its property nor to deprive it of just
compensation for services rendered, but an earnest
desire to protect its substantial interests and for the
permanent restoration of that harmony which would
never have been broken but for its unjust exactions
and its despotic methods. When the campaign of
1898 began it appeared that the time was ripe fdr the
complete assertion of conservative and yet progressive
Americanism through the Republican party, combin
ing in its support the best elements of our population,
and for the seizure and use of unexampled opportuni
ties, with a broad and acute comprehension of their
significance and with a united determination in this
eventful period to place California where she belongs,
in the vanguard of the Union.
It was at this precise time that the railroad, under
Democratic leadership, accomplished its deepest
treachery to the Republican party and to the State.
It proclaimed broadcast its absolute and irrevocable
withdrawal from interference with politics. Its decla
rations were accepted and acted upon in good faith,
and the banner of national Republicanism was carried
to a triumphant success. Hardly was the election
over, however, when the railroad pledges were boldly
repudiated, the determination to send its agent to
Washington avowed and the unprecedented candidacy
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 189<>.
of Dan Burns disclosed, which was ratified by him
self on January 2, 1890. For nine weeks, in the face
' of unanimous public sentiment among representative
and patriotic citizens within and without the Repub
: lican party, this malignant purpose to substitute a
corporation tool and a disgraced and incompetent
politician for a Federal Senator has been obstinately
pressed, and "rule or ruin" has been the alternative
presented 'by the railroad through its Democratic
i leader, aided surreptitiously by the Examiner, to the
' Republican majority in the Legislature.
The existence of this situation in itself is shameful.
But so far, in the face of such pressure as has been
rajely brought to bear in a similar emergency, the in
; tegrity of the Republican party has been maintained.
Twenty-seven legislators, including members who for
yt^rs have fathered and advocated vicious and cinch
| ing legislation, have denied the representative princi
i pie and violated their' obligations to their constituents,
while fifty-eiirh.t legislators, however divided in their
I preferences, so far have refused to bow their knees to
Baal and to become parties to the conspiracy, of
which Dan Burns is the figurehead, to turn California
I over to the Democracy in 1000. It is upon these gen
tlemen that the people must depend to prevent the
I consummation of this- crowning railroad outrage.
Even though consciously worthy and fit.' if Dan Burns
had possessed a scintilla of statesmanship or political
I manhood he would long ago have realized that the
election of any particular man to a Federal Senatorship
can never be a necessity to a million and a half of
Americans, who arc in possession of the elective
franchise and, with no backing except from a detested
monopoly, he would have yielded to the popular will
and have sacrificed his personal ambition for the sake
'of the party and for 'the common good. But from
him no disinterestedness, no appreciation of the truth,
i no allegiance except to himself and to the corrupt
I power that dominates him need be anticipated. Al
though unqualified and disqualified, although rejected
; by the solid mass of Republicans, he will stick and
; hang, and he and his emissaries will continue to bawl
that the' great' State of California has only one man
; who has a lien upon the Senatorshipand that his name
•is Burns. Reliance must therefore still be placed upon
the fifty-eight legislators who have so far saved the
day and who, if they defeat the railroad project, even
though the seat of Senator White remain vacant for
two years, will intrench the political organization to
: which they belong in public confidence and esteem by
proving that it can maintain its own integrity and ful
fill its own obligations against any corrupt and selfish
combination that corporate presumption and political
antagonism can devise. Senator Perkins is respect
able in intellect, in attainments, in experience, in indus
try and in character, but the election of Dan. Burns
would reduce him to the position of a detective for
his State, while locally the Republican party would
be anathema maranatha. This outcome of the dead
lock can only be prevented either, by adjournment
without a choice, or, more effectually, by the prompt
eiection of a Republican, a statesman and a gentleman.
ThjE SEASON OF GRAND OPERA.
rOR the grand opera company, for its brilliart
stars, for the nebulous lesser lights of chorus and
orchestra that surround them, for all parts of the
galaxy of music and song, San Francisco has the most
cordial welcome in her heart. She will manifest it
again and again during the season by the clapping of
hands, by rapturous recalls, by gifts of flowers and,
indeed, by every form of delighted approval the con
ventionalities of our civilization permits.
The fashion of great capitals and imperial courts
has made attendance upon grand opera a high social
function which all people of pretensions have to at
tend, whether they like it or can afford it or not.
Furthermore, there is always in every community a
considerable class who have a dominating desire to
sec and to hear whatever is most talked of, and that
ctoss is always ready to pay a high price for novelties
of any kind whether they be prize-fighters, artists or
stitc dignitaries.
Both the social swells and the curiosity seekers will
be well represented at every performance of the opera,
Kit they will not be sufficiently strong to give the tone
to the audiences or materially affect the spirit with
which the music and its gifted interpreters will be re
ceived. San Francisco is essentially a musical city,
cosmopolitan in its culture and its taste- in that di
rection, capable of drawing from- its population a
host of devotees to the French, the German, the
Italian, c even the Russian school of music, but all
united in a genuine appreciation of whatsoever is high
Lim noble in the art.
The liberal support which will be given to the grand
opera even at the high prices fixed for. chairs, stalls
and boxes cannot be regarded other than as an evi
dence that the people have a profound longing for
what is truly graceful, sweet and marked with the
dignity of lofty endeavor. Schiller has told us "wit
wars with beauty everlastingly." Its lambent flame of
mockery, varying from pleasant jest to offensive
sneer, blazes continually around every temple where
Beauty is enshrined, but never succeeds in destroy
ing it.
Men in their mistaken conceptions of their own
nature may say they like fun and frolic and farces and
something that makes them laugh better than they
like the fair ideals great artists fashion for us, but
when the test comes and a noble form of beauty ap
peals to them they yield a ready homage to its power.
So now when the brilliant stars of the opera siiig for
us the sweetest strains of music to which mortal ears
arc attuned all of us who have the opportunity will
turn aside gladly from coarser joys and live for a
season in the delight of their entrancing art. •
According to a Pittsburg paper 'an Alderman of
Chicago has fined a resident of that city $25 for lying.
The statement has every air of improbability. In the
first place an Alderman has no authority for doing
such a thing, and in the second place he would not
recognize a lie as an offense. It must be remembered
that Chicago is the center of the embalmed beef in
dustry-
A naval officer has declined promotion because he
did not think he had earned it. While there is sup
posed to be nothing new under the sun, occasionally
some citizen does manage to establish a precedent.
Perhaps one reason everybody refuses to pull chest
nuts out of the fire for Burns is that they have
scrutinized the coals and ascertained that there is
nothing there but the chance of getting burned.
An Eastern authority declares that the boldest oper
ators on Wall street keep half drunk all the time. We
are inclined to question this. Russell Sage has al
ways been pictured as a model of sobriety.
Admiral Dewey should come home if He feel* like
it. There arc enough "special commissioners" of yel
low sheets in Manila now to run his job.
Porto Rico's glad acclaim over the arrival of the
Americans seems to have been delivered through the
Porto Rican hat.
France has fired a correspondent for failing to main
tain reserve, but had he maintained it his paper would
have fired him.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The California Miners' Association
promises to experience a sort of sec
ond birth this year. Southern Califor
nia will soon organize a new brigade
for its reinforcement, if signs do not
fail, and several counties north of
Tehachapi are likely to orga-nize and
Join for the first time. The movement
to extend the organization and make
this strong and effective association a
State society In fact is being vigorous
ly pushed by Secretary E. H. Benja
min, whose recent correspondence with
leading mining men of the South prom
| ises success there.
One of the leaders in the movement
down there is O. S. Bresse of the ilia
ing and Metallurgical Journal, who re
cently wrote: "Through persistent in
terviews with leading mining men I
have discovered a surprising ignorance
as to the purposes of the association.
When these purposes are properly ex
plained they take hold of the .proDOsi
tlon 'with considerable enthusiasm.
With the advances made by your or
ganization there is no reason now why
I there should not be an organization in
every county of Southern California."
The idea of one organization with
! headquarters in Los Angeles is also ad
vanced. A preliminary meeting will
! soon be held and when the Legislature
adjourns President Neff and Secretary
Benjamin will make an organizing trip
I through the Southern region. In Tuol
umne County many leading mine own
ers and superintendents are interested
in organization which will soen be ef
fected. The plan is being urged there
of letting every miner employed know
that he is expected to join the county
organization at a cost of $1 a year.
CALIFORNIA ANTIMONY, ITS BOOM
AND PECULIAR MARKET.
The price of antimony has recently ad
vanced, partly in sympathy with th
eral rise In the metal market, and this
and a wider and more lively interest, in
the metal among prospectors and miners
promises an increase in the California
product. Last year but forty tons were
produced in the State, while in former
years the amount has been 130 tons. The
metal cuts a small figure in the mineral
industry of the State, but there are a
good many interesting things to be known
about it.
One thing not generally, known is that
owing to the metallurgical difficulties pi
i working antimony ores none of the big
custom smeltera anywhere produce anti
mony or want anything to do with ores in
which ft is an element. Penalties art
charged for it^ presence. There are but
seven antimony smelters in the world,
and the special plants and processes re
quired are used for nothing else. One is
In San Francisco, two are in London and
there is one eacli in Japan, France, Aus
tria and New York. The San Francisco
smelter is one of San Francisco's unob
served industries. It is a little institution
at Ninth find Division streets, operating
pecret processes and working twenty-four
hours a rlny with 12 men divided Into two
shifts.. During Ik'.<s this smelter produced
300 tons of the commercial metal, the ore
coming from Nevada. Utah. Idaho and
cis. where on the coast, California con
tributing but forty tons. This product
represents the working of about <'> r| o tons
of ore. The ore is stibnite. or sulphide of
antimony. Stibnite is found in many
counties of the State, but especially in an
eight-mile mineral belt in San Benito
County, where it is associated with cin
nabar, and in Kern County. A good many
antimony claims have been located, anil
there are many listed antimony mines in
the State, but only two or three are pro
ducing, and that fitfully. Many others arc
being clung to, exploited and offered for
sale, but the peculiarities of antimony
mining keep the mine owners from dnintr
much besides wondering why they can't
make a little money.
Chemically pure antimony is worth $3
r pounrt. or $6000 a ton, but in its commer
cial forms its price ranges from S to 40
cents. The common form of metallic an
timony lias risr-n here from $.085 to $.096
since December. The price is madp by
the Pacific Coast monopoly, the Chap
man Smelting Works Company, which
regulates its figures by New York and
London prices. The Japanese product is
the only thorn in Its side, and when a
shipment frcm Japan is risked prices are
cut and it is announced that no Japanese
antimony will be allowed to not anybody
a dollar over here. Some time agtj ten
tons wore imported froni Japan for
and it was sold last Friday at $.075. The
Chapman company succeeded three years
ago to the plant and business of the Cjom
pany now operating In New York. A
number of interesting things were told
nbnut the business the otht-r day by c
Solomon Jr., the head of the Pacific Coast
concern.
"The product of the roaet Is yet small,"
he said. "It supplies the coast demand
and leaves some for shipment East. San
Francisco consumes about sixty tons a
year. It is used by machine shops for
Babbitt metal, for chilled shot, by type
founders ami stereotypers and for "the
work of type setting machines. We ship
ped a carload of sixteen tons to St. Louis
tlii' otber day, and have sent several car
loads there in the past few months. Cali
fornia could and will produce a great deal
more, but there is so much about th<=>
business that the miners don't under
stand. There are plenty of antimony
mines in the State, but only a few wiil
pay to work, because the ore is not rich
enough. We refuse to buy ore that car
ries le«s than 40 per cent antimony. Pure
stihnite carries 71.4 of antimony and
28.6 of sulphur. Other metals are always
in the ore, and working is a costly pro
cess. Only forty pounds of ore are
used at a charge, and it goes through the
tire three times. Our commercially pure
product gives this analysis: Antimony.
99.47; arsenic, .132; lead, .042; copper. .015,
and iron, .23, together with some other
Impurities. The smelting processes used
are secret, and, of course, not patented.
The metallurgical methods of refining an
timony are well known, but by following
the books the cost Would be from $1 to
$1 50 a pound. The improvements are kept
as business secrets. We use .the Hallett
process used by one of the London smelt
ers, anfl the Cookson process is used in
New York and by tln> other London firm,
th-' two -American firms having secured
pupils of the originators of the pro
cesses.
"One feature of the business is that the
antimony miners are always kicking and
thinking that they are beirig robbed.
They can't understand some things. They
expect returns on the assay value of th>ir
oreß, as with other ores, but some of the
antimony is always lost, and antimony
ores are always paid for by 'quality and
produce 1 only. Another tnystery to them
is that they get nothing for the gold and
silver in their ores. All the ore w<> get
carries gold and silver, but it is .disre
garded and thrown away. Tin' ore will
carry from $2 to $20 a ton in gold and from
five to fifty ounces of silver, but it would
cost from $200 to $300 a ton to get it out. I
have received bo many kicks about this
that I wrote recently to Vivian. Younger
& Bond of London to learn their practice,
and here you see they Bay: 'We could not
make any payment for gold and silver
contents, for you \are doubtless await
that the problem of separating tire
ious metals frum antimony is om of th"
most difficult problems of the day and
the inventor of any cheap process for
doing this would soon make a fortune.'
Not very long ago I offered ore carrying
200 ounces of silver and 40 per cent anti
money V 3 a big Denver smelting company
and they would not give nnythim; for it.
You see, an assay may give a. prospector
a wrong idea of the value of his claim.
The assay may Bhow 50 per cent anti
money and $75 a ton In gold and silver,
and he thinks h<* has a rich find. lie
gets pHirt for 5 to S per cent less anti
mony than the assay shows and nothing
for his gold and silver and he Curses the
smelter.
"A California shipper gets about $IL'
less for his ore than he could get In New
York, but this is the railroad charge to
New York. The Kern County ore we
get averages 50 per cent of antimony.
The miner would receive 130 n tun f.o.b,
at San Francisco. If he is twenty nillcs
from a railroad it -will net him, say, $:::: :it
the mine, which is better than the aver
age gold mine. There arc many large
deposits running from ir. to 88 per cent,
but it does noi pay now to work such ore.
There is a Rood market for th.- ore and
many claim need development more than
they >i" ;i promoter."
That is the California antimony situa
tion and tbese are the terms and oinii
tlons offered by the Pacific Coast
monopoly.. The lending mine now pro
ducing is about twenty miles from M,,
Jave. with on eighty-foot ahuft. Bomt
drifts and 100 tons of ore on the dump,
which the owner will not sell just now.
OBSERVATIONS ON SOME DESERT
MINING DISTRICTS.
W. F. Newell, expert for the Selbys. has
return*! from a three weeks tour of the
Randsburg and adjacent mining districts,
where' he sized the situation up m
"I found Randsburg very quiet . ne
says. "The boom is all over and now is
Quietly flourishing on what is actually
being done in the mines. ™ eT * h S the
hotel there since the last fire ana tne
streets are quiet The Yellow Aster mine
is the big thing or the camp, producing
from $50,000 .to $60,000 a month- *y ha 9
just started its new thirty-stamp mill and
no longer ships to Barstow. are
other good mines and a number of small
properties are being worked in a email
way by owners without capital*
"The" principal talk and the main at
tention oi ! prospectors is directed to the
Argus and slate ranges just west of the
Panamint district. In the Argus range
John Kosenfeld & Sons are running a
good mine, milling the low grade and
shipping ore that runs $50 a ton or more.
The Slate Kant,'? Mining Company is
operating in that range, and there is a
good ■ i ispectinig and developing
going on. In the Rademacher district 1
found the situation quiet, with good op
portunities that need capital. The dis
trict is undeveloped. There are some
good showings of ore, but it is base and
cannot lie miiled to advantage. There
area great many claims located, and some
good mines will result some day. One
hears a good deal about the Panamint
country, but it is so far from anywhere.
With hay at $60 a ton and freight at $20
and $2u, that only high-grade ores can be
handled and shipped. A great develop
ment would follow a railroad thruugn
that mining region.
"There is a good deal of life around
Mojave. "Mojave Mountain, four miles
away, 50 men are working on prospects.
One, the Karma mine, has a 60-foot shaft
in a ten-foot ledge and shows ore averag
ing ?25 to $30. There are a number of
promising prospects, and as the district
is only a few months old there undoubt
edly will be some good mines developed.
There* are two custom mills and a
cyanide plant at Mojave, and one mine
recently shipped 60 tons of $">0 ore to San
Francisco. About 100 tons a month are
corning here from Mojave."
The results of the session of the Legis- !
lature as far as the mining industry [a
concerned will be chiefly two things— the
appropriation for a Paris exhibit in which
the miners will receive fair recognition,
and the amendment to the State law of
location doing away with the preliminary |
notice. The requirement of $5<J worth of
work within sixty days will remain, ac
cording to the present agreement and un- ;
derstanding, but instead of having to post
and ivcord at the county seat a prelimin-: i
ary notice of location and having to file i
a second notice sixty days later, but one |
notice will be required, but this must be
recorded with the County Recorder as |
now.
The State Mining Bureau, which re
viewed the ferry building some weeks ago,
will be ready to open its newly arranged
museum to the public in about a week.
Curator Durden finds the museum space
cramped, and many of the 15,000 speci
mens will have to be stored elsewhere.
A further interest in the Ivanhoe mine,
near Plymouth, Amador County, has been
sold to H. W. Brown of Salt Lake City
for $100,000.
An English company is negotiating for
the Eagle Bird mine .at Maybert, Nevada
County.
The California Borax Company has be
pun shipping from their properties north
east of Randsburg.
A mile of Cottonwood Creek, in Sis
kiyou County, has been bonded by a
Denver company, that plans putting in a
dredger. __^_____________«
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Austrian first-class torpedo-boat
Klgyo has been launched, from the Yar
row yard. She is 152 feet 6 inches in
length and 15 feet 3 inches beam, and is
similar in all respects to the Cobra and
two other boats, which have proved un
qualifiedly successful.
The shipwright apprenticeship In the
British dockyards is not likely to prove
a success owing to the discrimination
made by the admiralty between ship
wrights and engine-room artificers. The
latter begin with a pay of 5 shillings 6
pVnce a day and ranks with petty officers,
while th« shipwright apprentice is al
lowed only 4 shillings and ranks with
stukers.
The new Turbinia of 220 feet length and
S"0 tons displacement is in an advanced
stage of construction at Elswick, and it is
expected to have her ready for trial by
the middle of April. The new Turbinia
has eight propellers on four shafts, in
stead of the original Turbinia's three
shafts and nine propellers and her "going
astern" arrangements are far in advance
of the pioneer boat.
The No. 1 dock of the Yokohama Dock
Company is nearly completed and when
the cofferdam has been removed will be
ready for use. . It is 453 feet 7 inches in
length on the blocks, 550 feet 6 inches
from entrance to head, the entrance of
93 feet 6 inches wide at the top and 75
feet 5 inches at the bottom. At spring tide
there Is 2S feet 10 inches of water over the
blocks and at low water 21 feet 3 inches.
The active list of the line officers in the
German navy, which has recently been
Increased, now consists of the following
number in each grade corresponding to
those in the United States navy: One
admiral, five vice admirals, thirteen rear
admirals, sixty captains, one hundred and
thirty-one commanders, two hundred and
thirty-four lieutenant commanders, three
hundred and eighty-two lieutenants and
two hundred and seventy-four lieutenants
of the junior grade.
A fourth-class cruiser named Gazelle is
being built .at the Gormanla yard
(Krupp's), Kiel, for the German navy. Two
similar ships, have been contracted for,
one at .the Germania yard and the other
at the Weaer yard, Bremen. These ves
sels will have unusually fine lines, for,
with a length of 328 feet, 3$ feet 7 Inches
tit am and a draught of lo feet 9 Inches
they will displace only 28QS tons. The en
gines are to develop 6000 horsepower and
give a speed of 19.5 knots. Their arma
ment consists of 10 4.1-inch quick-tiring
guns, 14 lU.-po.unders and 4 machine guns.
They are to be completed in two and a
half years, and will cost $837,500 each, or
at the rate of $236 60 per ton displacement.
Of the twelve ships in the British navy
which passed through their steam trials
last year, only one— the battle-ship Jllus
triou»—was fitted with cylindrical boilers
The others had watrr-tube boilers. Seven
of the large cruisers had BeHevuti boilers,
in which the coaj consumption' ranged
from 1-^. pounds per unit of horsepower
to as low as* 1.55 pounds. In the four
smaller cruisers of the Pelorus class as
many typos of other water-tube boilers
wore used, and while they all developed
the contract power, there was quite a
difference in the coal consumption of the
nun- typos. The Blejohyoden used •> »«
pounds, the Thornyrr.,H IM, the Hood
boiler L 96 and in that fitted in tbe eruis'er
built by Barles the consumption was •> l
pounds.
Three court-martials were held l as t
month on British naval officer^ with seri
ous results to the accused parties. Li eu .
tenant G. W. Mason of the Galatea was
charged with being absent without V,
and making no def«n.e, was sentenced to
forfeit one year's seniority and to be iis
missed from his ship. Fleet Engineer j
the wardrodm. He admitted nKSSiISI
cMom, but dented Intention of fraud n
1 " 1 " 1 ' however, Icutid hm, L , V
charted and adjudged him " hT2SI%3
"i all iealortty as n..,. t ,, j v P n »«a
yu»rtorma»cer w. t via," ™ iTI °U, d
QUaneraa.tet w. T^a^J^^
A- C. was found Kuiltv „,, ,„. V ** M
-•;'•'•■■■■>"» !auS L, ,: ",,";;;:;:;■■«" u(
S?JS£ •■■-•■'"-•■-I".-.' -t;,:
r«? ho ' two battleships to be built « t .
Thamoß Iron Works, London \ ' the
BrtUsh navy will bo 405 feet ?h SSfSIS
feet 6 inches beam fln ,n«S " gth> 75
14,000- tons on a £'«„ dmught^ ? b ° Ut
inches. Iho armor belt , U^ $£««*
steel, will be 7 if^^SS\JT a r&
be further protected with side plat ng »
he Turtner projected with side plating 4
boners and 14 ,900. square feet in tire eco n .
om ize?s John Perm & Sons at Greenwich
a™ Deptford have undertaken the con
tract for the machinery, which is to «; e .
yWop -18.000 horsepower and give a speed
of 18 lf"" fg ___ --
AROUND THE
CORRIDOI 3
F. G. Berry of Fresno is a guest at the
Palace. ::.;.■
Albert Laws, U. S. A., is staying: at the
Palace. •
C. C. Coe of Chicago is a guest at the
Occidental. ,>: _
. O. J. Smith of Nevada is registered at
the Palace.
J. Churchill and wife of Yreka are at
the Occidental. •
" H. Hirshfield, a merchant from Bak<rs
i field, is at the Lick.
•Dr. C. A. Ruggles of Stockton is regis
tered at the Grand.
James W. Abbott of Salt Lake City is a
guest at the Grand.
Attorney L. J. Maddox of Modesto is
staying at the Grand.
George L. Alexander and wife of Port
j land are at the California.
Jessie Bartlett Davis of the "Eston
ians"-arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Mrs Mary Judhe and her daughter
Kathryne of Salt Lake City are at the
Palace.
D. W. Semple, editor of the Klondike'
Nugget, which is published at Dawson
City, is a guest at the Lick.
f ■ J. R. Fairchlld and family are among
the guests at the California. Sir. Fair-
I child is a prominent citizen of New York.
' ■ .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SMITH AND WEST— L. X.,
Mysterious" Billy Smith and T
West fought in Bridgeport, Conn.,
! two months ago.
FITZSIMMONS-SHARKET-O. C. 8.,
! Vallejo, Cal. The latest fight b<
Fitzsimmons and Sharkey was for
j rounds or over.
HOTEL— Subscriber, City. The
inquired about is owned by the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. That
pany will furnish all information v
PRISONERS AT SAN QUENTIN-A. B
T. N. *V. C, Lowell Hill, Cal. On t
of February, 1899, there were in th
tentlary at San Quentin 1233 prisoners, :
which 376 were born in California.
NATURALIZATION FEE-R. D., City.
In the State of California there is no
charge in the Superior Court to an
eigner who desires to obtain his t
second papers, but a fee is exa<
application is made to any of the Federal
courts. _^
A CENTURY— R. D., City. A century
commences with the first year t:
and runs from one to 100 inclusive,
secutively. This department is not aware
that "any nation commences to reckon
a century from 50. to 130, or, say from
1750 to 1850."
LANGUAGE OP" STAMPS— Mazie and
Ethel, City. In Answers to Correspond
ents in The Call of the 28th of January
of this year you will find the langu
stamps as explained to another corre
spondent under the heading of "Stamp
Flirtation."
STATE FLOWER— XV. X., Vallejo, < al.
In a number of States, by vote of the
public school children, certain flowers
have been adopted as the State flower,
but the Legislature of Michigan is tin;
only one that has adopted a State flower.
The flower of that State is the apnle
blossom. • '
ED LEONARD— L., City. The pugiiistie
record for the years 1890 to 1595. inclusiv .
do not disclose the name of Ed Leonard
as a prize-fighter. If there ever was a
man by that name who figured in the
prize-ring in that period he has been over
looked by the record-makers.
THE MAINE— T. C, Oakland, Cal. The
testimony taken upon the inquiry as M
the cause of the destruction of the Maine
in the harbor of Havana does not show
that any officer of that vessel was at the
time of trie explosion in conversation with
Blanco, the Captain General of the island.
PUBLIC LANDS— S. X., City. A per
son desiring information about public
lands, agricultural or mineral, should
make application at the land office of the
dfStrict in which he lives. A resic
this city should apply to the United
States Land office on Commercial street,
between Kearny and Montgomery.
ATLANTIC CABLE— F. L. and J. H.,
City. The first cable across the Atlantic
that carried a message between the
United States and England was laid from
the American frigate Niagara and the Eng
lish Une of battle ship Agamemnon. That
cable worked from August 6 to August
11. 1857, and then became silent. In - i
the cable which has since workei
cessiully was laid from the Great East
ern.
CAT OUT OF THE BAG— M. H., City.
As to the origin of "letting the cat out
of the bag" it is said to have
once a favorite trick among country folk
in England to substitute a cat for one
of the young pigs, when the latter wi re
Carried in bags to market. These bags
in old times were known as pokes. It" an
individual was foolish enough to buy a
pig in a poke— that is. to purchase the
animal without looking at it, tile
was successful; but if the individual
opened the suck to satisfy himself
the worth of his desired purchase
would be sure to jump out, hence the cat
was let out of the bag.
PICNIC— H.. City. Picnic is a cor
ruption of pique nique. In France pique
nique signifies an entertainment at which
each person contributes to the general
supply of the table. In France it is not;
as in the United States, con:' to the
out of door entertainment. In a Frtw;n
paper there was published an article
about the Pique • Nique de St. Henry, of
which the following is a translation:
••The list of subscribers at fifteen franca
a head will be closed at 4 o'clock. Even
ing dress and white ties are Unperatiye.
The subscribers will be seated at the ta
ble at 8 o'clock."
Cal. glace fruit GOc per rt.» at T ■
Look-out for SI Fourth »t., near 5 cent barber.
Best eyeglasses, spec*. ioc to 40c. *
Special information BUpplled dai
business houses and public men I
i'r<.ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 M ■'-
gomeiy street. Telephone Maid 1042.
Mrs. Eli/ab.;th rikoats. who i< • ''*
diod in London at the af
prided herself on being the mother
policemen. She was pensioned
Queon in 189, and her Mal< rt; ;
ally interested herself in Mrs. Sk< its
welfare.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Leaves Sundays, Tuesday*
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vesttbiiied
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's Dir.i"'*
Cars through from California to Chicago vth
out change. Get full particulars at company*
office. 62S Market st. *
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing S
lias been used ■ for fifty years by millions oz
mothers for their children While Teethinp »'th
perfect success. It soothes the child, softtns
the gums, allays Pain, cures "Wind Colic. re«
ulateg the Bowels and Is the best remedy tot
l'iarrhoeas, whether arising from teething ct
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Bo sure and ask for Mrs.
Winsiow's Soothing Syrup. tt< ■ bottle.
HOTEL DEL OORONADO Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J l '" by
steamship, including fifteen days" board at
hotel; longer stay. %i per day. Apply at I - Ne *
Montgomery at., San Francisco.ANXIETY FOR
SHIP DOMINION
Nearly Two Months
From Hawaii.
BARK DOMINION'S SMART RUN
LEFT THE ISLANDS A MONTH
AFTER THE SHIP.
Made the Voyage in Fifteen Days.
American Bark Carondelet Makes
the Run of the Season
From. Australia.
There are two British vessels named Do
minion, and one of them it* causing ship
ping men and underwriters considerable ■
anxiety. One is an old-timo bark, built j
of wood, twenty-four years ago, and the !
other is a splendid steel ship, constructed
only eight years ago. Strange to say, all
the anxiety is on account of the modern
ship.
The British ship Dominion left Hono
lulu for Puget Sound on January 19 last,
•while the British bark Dominion also left
Honolulu for Puget Sound on February
17. The bark reached her destination on
the 4th Inst., after a passage of fifteen
days, while the ship has not been heard
from since she left the islands fifty-two
days ago. Of course the British bark
Woollahara was forty-six days from Ha
waii to Eureka, but then she was thirty
days off port in fog and heavy weather
before a tug picked her up and towed her
in. Neither fog- nor heavy weather could
keep a vessel out of Puget Sound, but the
Dominion may have been driven far up*
north and be now beating her way back.
The ship Dominion was built in Sunder- j
land, England", in 1891, and is 2328 tons net !
burden. She is 294 feet long, 43 feet beam
and 24 feet draft. "When. here in 1897 she
was in command of Captain Meredith, :
and made the run from Swansea in the I
smart time of 117 days. Since then Cap
tain Meredith has left the vessel and I
Captain Jones is in command.
The bark Dominion, that made the very
fast run of fifteen days from Honolulu to j
Puget Sound, was built in Canada in 1875. '•
She is 1214 tons net burden, 199.9 feet long, j
37.1 feet beam and 12.2 feet draft. At one 1
time she was owned by T. P. H. White
law, who put her under the Xicaraguan.
flag. He sent her to Sydney, N. S. \V.,
where the captain sold her and pocketed
the money. Her Australian owners put- her j
back under the English nag and sent her I
to Honolulu with a load of coal,
whence both she and the ship Dominion |
Failed in ballast. In March, 1895, the bark I
was so long making a trip from San Fran
cisco to Puget Sound that she was given
up for lost, and now, two years later, I
the ship is so long overdue that fears are
entertained for her safety.
The schooner Helen N. Kimball is now
out 100 days from Eureka for Panama.
Her owners do not' know what to make
of the long passage, but are in hopes
that the steamer Acapulco, due here next
Thursday from Panama, will bring some '
news of the schooner. Mr. Kimball j
thinks that the vessel has reached her
destination and that the captain • has
failed to notify them of her arrival.
The American bark Carondelet arrived
in port Saturday night, after a very
speedy passage of 63 days fro/n New
castle, N. S. W. The bark Suoma is now
out S3 days, and the bark Prussia 79 days
from the same port, while the Brussels
and the M. P. Grace were so long on the
way that 5 per cent reinsurance was paid i
on them. Of all the vessels in port from
Australia, the 1 • days" run of the Brit
ish <j»jneral is the nearest to the Caron
delet' s passage. After, her comes the
Crown of India, with a record of 76 days,
but nee she was dismasted in the great
Maitlnnd hurricane, the insurance men ,
did not favor her chances and 6 per cent |
reinsurance was paid on her. The Brit- i
ish ship Ceutesima and the British bark j
Cardigan Castle were each 82 days, the '
Brenda 84, the Leicester Castle 86 and the
Brussels 100, while the American ship M. j
P. Grace was 102 days coming from Aus- !
tralia to San Francisco. It will easily j
be seen, therefore, than Captain Stetson, |
of the Carondelet, has reason to be proud
of his 68-day run.
During the voyage of the Carondelet
from Puget Sound to Australia, Captain
Stetson sighted a reef which he says is
not down in James Imray & Sons' chart
nor in Findlay's South Pacific directory.
"It was on August 31, 1898, in latitude
5 deg. 35 mm. south, longitude 173 deg. 68
mm. west, that I passed the reef,"
cays Captain Stetson. "We were with
in two miles of It, and I consider
it very dangerous. It extends about
a quarter of a mile northeast by
north and southwest by south, and at
times It was barely noticeable from the |
deck and at others the sea was breaking :
heavily upon it. On my arrival at Ade- I
laide, South Australia, 40 days later, my j
chronometer was 10 miles east. I called
It Carondelet reef."
It was very rough on the bay yester- '
day, and the excursionists who ventured J
out to the battleship lowa and cruiser
Chitose had a rough time. On. the home
ward run from the Japanese warship
everybody aboard the launches got a
ducking. Visitors to either vessel were
very few, and the tug boats that carried
passengers did not pay expenses. During j
the afternoon it blew 40 miles an hour !
from the northwest a£ Point Reyes and j
Point Bonlta, and at. sundown was still
increasing.
During the afternoon the schooner Mil
dred got in from Kahului and the Otillie
Fjord from Harua, H. I. The former took
17 and the latter 14 days to make the
run. Both are sugar laden.
Much interest was manifested in ship- '
ping circles last week over the demand
made by the transport authorities for
Bailing tonnage to convey military stores
to Manila. Major Long, the quarter
master in charge of the transport depart
ment, had over seven thousand tons of
miscellaneous goods, all badly wanted in
Manila on his hands. As no steamers |
were available, he called for tenders for j
Balling vessels, and the owners or agents \
of nearly all the large ships in port sent
in tenders. When the bids were opened ,
on Wednesday last it was found that the
lowest, sent in by J. D. Sprockets & Bros.
Co was for the Bidston Hail, a big
English iron ship of over 4000 tons ca- !
pacity. They offered to carry a full cargo
of weight and measurement for $20,500,
or about $4.50 per ton. The other bids
Tanged up to $5.50 a ton. In accordance j
with the practice of the department, all
the bids were Bent to Washington for j
final acceptance, but there is no doubt |
the offer of the Bldston Hall will be ac- ]
cepted.
Another sailing vessel chartered by the \
Government Is the Marion Chilcott. be
longing to Messrs. Barnesson and Chil- I
cott, of Seattle. The ship is to load at
Seattle and will carry about 2000 tons at '
S5 50 a ton. The steamer Cleveland, be
longing to Messrs. Nelson & Co., of this :
c lv has also been chartered. Her ca
pacity is some UW) tons, but the rate of |
freight is at present unknown. I
Speaking of these transactions, a well- I
known shipping man, who has large in- j
terests on the coast, remarked that San
Francisco has nothing to fear from the
competition of Seattle. "The facilities
here are in even- way better, he said. |
"There is more tonnage available, and
the Government will always get a better
rate from this port.' Even if Seattle does
offer free docks, it would not make up
the difference. All that San Francisco
has to do is to be alive to her own in
terest and to see that every shipping i
facility is granted to the national trans
ports. The best of our docks should be
placed at their disposal, .and no effort
should be spared to retain the trade in
this port." • ■
Rebekahs Give a Whist Party.
An enjoyable: whist party was given by
the members of Walhalla Rebekah IvOdge
No. 130 I. O. O. F. in the lodgeroont Sat
urday evening*. Prizes were presented to
the winners In the various contests, and •
the non-winners were also rewarded. The ;
lodge Intends to hold these whist parties
hereafter at least once a month.
Call and see the line music rooms at
Mauvaie', 76a Market street. •
THE OVERDUE BRITISH SHIP DOMINION.
THE above cut is reproduced from The Call of September 25, 1896. On that occasion she made an unusually long voyage and was sixty t
days getting from 30 in the Atlantic to 40 in the Pacific. For weeks at a time she was hove-to, off the Horn, under a goose-winged
lower topsail, and got a terrible battering. She is now out fifty-two days from Honolulu for Puget Sound, and as the bark Dominion,
which left the islands a month after the ship, reached her destination on the 4th inst., much anxiety is felt for her safety.
THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC BARS
SAN FRANCISCO
Prohibitive Rates Are
Imposed.
THE PAGO-PAGO CONTRACT
WHY THE MATERIAL WAS
SHIPPED IN THE EAST.
The Contractors Unable to Pay High
Railroad Charges — A Large
Shipment Lost to
This City.
The Pago-Pago coaling station contract
affords an admirable illustration, on a
small scale, of the manner in which trade
is lost to San Francisco through the pro
hibitive transcontinental rates imposed
by the Southern Pacific. Some months
ago. when the Washington authorities
finally decided to erect an elaborate coal
ing station in the Samoan group, tenders
were called for in this city. The prize
was awarded to Messrs. Healy/ Tibbits &
Co who undertook the construction of
the' work at a cost, including extras, of
something like two hundred thousand dol
lars The contract called for the con
struction of a long steel wharf, carried
out into deep water, besides a big steel
shed, capable of storing five I thousand
tons of coal, a car track and every mud
ern convenience for handling this most
important article of war. .
Healy Tibbita & Co. having secured the
contract went to work with energy, for
they have to complete .the whole work
within the present year. They soon
found that the conditions of the market
rendered it impossible to get all the iron
work manufactured in San Francisco.
The contract for the steel piling, by far
the heaviest portion of the structure was
given to the Carnegie Works at Pittsburg,
while the smaller iron castings were made
in San Francisco.
Then came the question of shipment
There was a big cargo fifteen hundred
tons of steel piling, a large quantity of
cast iron, machinery, engines tools of all
kinds not to mention 284,000 feet of lum
ber All this amounted to more than
three thousand tons, and the firm entered
into negotiations with several large iron
shins wHh a view df getting the whole
cargo transported to- Pago-Pago in one
bottom The charter was almost, com
nleted when the railway company stepped
ifon Thf .railroad wanted tls per ion lor
t*SBE IH £ £W 33J
d ?ou"i we wanted- to ship, the whole
of Sir material «™™,f'! o «' 1 ?I'' nl . 1 S d b S n
ijeniv yesterday. It would na/ie oeeu
much* more convenient for us in every
way But what could we do in the face
rf such prohibitive rates? The fact is,
the railway people thought they had us
in a tight corner, and that we would be
forced to pay their figures. For a time
it looked as If thtir scheme was goln~ to
work We : couldTaot ship from an East
ern port because a sailing vessel would
have taken too long on the voyage, and a
steamer would have cost too much. So
I went to Washington, and. fortunately
the raval authorities allowed us to char
ter-*? a good figure, too-a portion of the
paceon Tward the Abarenda, the collier
which was to take coal to Samoa .
Thus the steel made by Carnegie has
never come West at all. and San Fran
cisco lost the handling of a big cargo.
wnile the Southern Pacific lost a large
sum which it might have gained had it
opened its mouth less widely. The result
is that or.lv some 1200 or 1300 tons of cargo
remains to ship from this port. Yesterday
Healy Tibbits & Co. completed the char
ter of 'a small vessel. for the purpose. The
•shin will leave here about the end of
April and should' make Pago-Pago early
in June. Mr. Tibbits will go to Samoa
hi-iself to superintend operations, taking
with him about forty skilled mechanics
and engineers . ■- .
The . Abarenda. from the East, should
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MABCH 13. 1899.
arrive about the same time as the sailing
vessel from this Dort.
PENN T LESS AND HUNGRY.
Pathetic Suicide of Poor Old William
G. Robbins.
William G. Bobbins, aged 50 years, a
native of England, committed suicide by
turning on the gas in his room at the
Soto House, 32 Fourth street, sometime
during Saturday night." " There was no
gas fixings in the room, but from the
gas pipe which was intended for use as
a side bracket he unscrewed the cap; but
before doing BO nailed some towels over
the transom and placed hi? clothing at
the bottom of the door so the gas could
not escape. Ho then lay down on the
bed, where he was found in the morning.
The following letter wad left by Rob
bins:
March 10. MM.
No work, nf> friends, no money. Sick, alone
and friendless. Havo tried in vain to get some
thing to do— same answer everywhere. "No help
wanted." Have Bpent my last nickel to-night.
Am desolate and despondent, without a friend
to help. What shall I do or where shall I look
for aid? Shall it l>e Eteal, beg, starve or die?
I have never stolen, begged or Rtarvtd In all
my fifty years fit life; now I am on the brink.
Deatb seem* the only refuge. God forgive me
for all.
.Saturday, 11— No chance of anything to-day
a^aln. Nothing to eat since yesterday noon.
My head. My head. Good bye all.
A memorandum book which was found
in his pocket contained a diary of his ex
perience in searching f"r work, and the
curt answers given by those to whom he
applied.
A letter from the military authorities
at St. Paul. Minn., was also among his
effects. It i.s as follows:
Headquarters Department of I'aknta. Medical
Director's Office, St. Paul, Minn., February
4, 1535.
To Whom It May Concern: I take pleasure '
in stating that William G. Robbins ha* been j
on duty in this office as messenger and assist
ant clerk since September, ISM, and that I have
always found him to be steady, attentive to his
duties and entirely pgtisfactory.
C. C. BYRNE.
Colonel and Assistant Surgeon General, United
States Army.
. m .
ALTA'C ANNIVERSABY.
Native Daughters Celebrate the Insti
tution of Their Parlor at a
Banquet.
The members of Alta Parlor of the I
Native Daughters of the Golden West
celebrated the twelfth anniversary of the
institution of the parlor at a banquet In j
Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building. Sat- j
unlay night. There were present a largo
number of members and a number of spe
cially invited friends, about two hundred
in all, who took seats at a well-dressed
table in the tastefully decorated hall, j
After the menu had been disposed of Miss
Mamie Rlchter, the toastmistress, called j
for responses to the regular toasts which
had been prepared. These were: "Our
Parlor." responded to by Mrs. S. G.
Brackett, the president; "Our Order,"
Past Grand President Mrs. Belle W. Con
radi; "The Metropolis of the Pacific,"
Mrs. E. W. French; "The Pioneers," Mrs.
M Meyers; "The Native Sons," Mrs.
Julia A. Steinbach; "Our Flag," Grand
Trustee M!. u^ Eliza D. Keith: "Our Moth
ers," Mary Xwonan; "The Native Daugh
ters," Grand Treasurer Miss Lizzie Doug-
Lass. "The Press," was responded to by
"The Native Daughters' Friend." Then
the toastmistress called for remarks from
others who were present. Those who
spoke were: Henry Lunstedt, grand secre
tary <>f the Native Sons; John O'Gara,
president of Pacific Parlor: Adolph Eber
hardt of Golden Gate Parlor and Frank
McCann. Then the toastmistress made a
Beat closing address, and Mrs. R. Kemp
Van Ee. presiding at the piano, intoned
"America," all present joining in singing
the hymn. The gathering then broke up
with ■wishe* for the prosperity of the
banner parlor of the_nrder.
<J[a/&£Aufolne>
when you've had the grip and feel the lan
guor and lack of appetite that follows— quickly
restores normal condition. Made by Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Anooiatien:
Increased Train Service.
Again the Northern Pacific Railway is
to the front. Yesterday a double train
service was inaugurated between Port
land and St. Paul, Kansas City and St.
Louis. The through train service via
Billings to Kansas City and St. Louis
is a new feature and will be greatly appre
ciated by the traveling public. This addi
tional service demonstrates that travel
over this popular line is on the increase.
The present management has been spend
ing large .sums for new equipment, and
the train service is now unsurpassed by
any line in the country. Full particulars
as to the new schedule can be obtained
at the city office, 638 Market street.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sta. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
ORATORY HID
MUSIC ON ST.
PATRICK'S DAY
Hiberians Prepare a
Double Bill.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY BENEFIT
COMMITTEE REPORTS ARRANGE
MENTS COMPLETE.
Musical and Literary Jriogrammes at
the Tivoli in the Afternoon and
the Pavilion in the
Evening.
The convention of delegates from the
various Hibernian societies of the city
which has charge of the St. Patrick's flay
celebration held Its final meeting ye-tr
day. Chairman Broderick, of the execu
tive committee reported that arrange
ments for the day were completed, and
gave a detailed statement of the fea
tures of the programme. No parade is to
be held, but a double literary and musi< ;il
entertainment in the afternoon at the
Tivoli and in the evening at Mechanics'
Pavilion has been prepared. Both pro
grammes are replete with good numbers
and the Hibernians are assured a pleas
ant and enjoyable time both day and
evening.
The Tivoli company will Ping Sir Jule
Benedict's romantic Irish opera, "The
Lily of Killarney" ("The Colleen Bawn")
and Frank T. Shea will deliver the ora
tion In the afternoon. The complete pro
gramme is as follows:
Opening address by the president of the day,
| Mr John J. Barrett: poem, Mr. Eustace Ctil
i linan; oration, Mr. Frank T. Shea; monologue,
1 Edwin Stevens; specialties by Edwin Stevens.
I Ida Wyatt, Master Arnold Grazer. Sir Jules
! Benedict's romantic Irish opera in three acts,
entitled "The Lily of Killafney" (••The Colleen
Bawn"). Founded on Dion Boiiclcault s fa
mous play. Following is" the cast:
Eily Connor, the Colleen town., Annie Myers
Anne Chute, the heiress El via Crux
Mrs. Cregan, Hardress' mother. Bernice Holmes
Sheelah, Danny Mann's mother....
.  ; Carrie Stockmeyer
Hardress Cregan Hhys 'Thomas
Myles Na Coppaleen .-.Arthur Boyce
Danny Mann, the cripple William Pruette
Mr Corrigan, a middleman Phil Branson
! Father Tom, the parish priest.. Harry Richards
Kyrle Daly • L' £?£* "W
j Bertie O'Moore Joseph B. Fogartky
(Friends of Hardr. - . i
Dennis a servant Fred Kav,anagh
Guests, Huntsmen, Servants, etc.
Act I— Scene .1— Exterior of Tor i/regan. Scene
2— The Gar of Liunloe. Scene 3— Eily's Cottage.
Act ll— Scene I— The Gap of Dunloe. Scene 2—
The Old Weir Bridge. Scpiio 3— The Cave.
Act lll— Ball Room of Castle Chute.
Scenery by Oscar 1.. Fest. Produced under
direction of Mr. George E. I. risk.
The exercines in the evening will be of
the patriotic ■ order. Irish songs and
Irish reels and jigs will remind the Hi
bernians of th" good old days in the
Motherland. The big structure will be
appropriately decorated for the occasion
with American and Irish flags. A large
platform for the chorus of 500 voices will
be erected and a smaller stage provided
for the reel and jig dancers. Those
Hibernians whose childhood was spent on
the little island will be reminded of home
by stirring utrains from the pipes and
their happy childhood days will come
back to them when they see young boys
and girls dance "the hornpipe, reels and
jigs. This is the programme for the even
ing at the Pavilion:
Grand musical festival and promenade con
cert; 200. Ftereopticon views of Ireland and
America and grand chorus of 500 voices; orches
tral programme and views under the direction
of George W." Bennett; grand chorus under the
direction of Professor J. W. McKenzle; over
ture, "Orpheus" (Offenbach); "God Say.- !:•■
--lahd," grand chorus of 500 voices; skirmish
drill. Company D, League of the Croea CadftU)
Captain 1. D. Dwyer commanding; cornet solo,
"Klllarn.'y, ' William Mabood; stereoptlcon
views of Irish scenery and historic places;
grand selection, "Marltana" (Wallace) ; O'Con
nor & Kelleher's Irish danclnp school; Irish
reel, Misses May and Annie Kavaniiph; -Irish
hornpipe. Misses Julia Malloy and Maggie Bas
aett; hornpipe, Misb Pearl Hickman; song and
dance. Master Arnold Grazer; Irish hornpipe
and Jig, O'Connor and Kelleher. music by Pro
fessors McCarthy and McMahon; "L>ear Little
Shamrock," grand chorus; "Reminiscences of
Ireland." Bennett's Band; steteopticon views
of Irolnnd am) patriotic American views; "My
Own ! : . ' sranfl chorus, words by T.
Sullivan, n resoor J W. Me.Kenzie.
dedicated ta the Youth-' Directory; grand
Amefli • Bennett's Band; "Thp star
Spanßled Banner." Kr;tnrl chorus, in winch the
audience Is i ted 1 • in
Chairman Brodericfc announced at the j
g yesterday thai he had received
assuranc ■ n^m the Superintendent of j
Schools thai all children who wished to ■
absent themselves from the classes next j
Friday may '1" so without losing any;
credits. The delegates adopted resolu
tions of condolence with the families of
Michael Meaghef and Colonel Byrne, who
uring the year. Both men were ac- •
Uve in" former St. Fatrirk day cei< bra
tlons :hi<i their presence is greatly mi
A vote <>f thanks was also given to the
superintendent of. the Hebrew Orphan,
Asylum for kindly furnishing musio for
the trolley ride given the hoys of the
youths' Directory Saturday evening.
The proceeds of the ent<-rt«lnments at
the Tivoli and the Pavilion will ho de
voted to the benefit of the Youths' Direc-
DiVlsion So. -. A. 0, 11.. hold a special
meeting at K. K. B. Hall yesterday aft
n and completed arangements for
their thirtieth annual hall, to be held at
B. B. Hall St. Patrick's night. The Hi
hernia hand of ten pieces hap been en
gaged for the occasion. Hugh M. Golden
was elected floor manager nnd Bartley I
Kivillio mixologist. Various sub-commit- I
were appointed to have charge of I
the affair.
The division voted to attend in a body I
the literary ex. rcises at the Tivoli Opera
House on the afternoon of St. Patrick's ■
day.
Tho proceeds will be Riven to the
Youths' Directory.
Travelers' Social Club Picnic.
The Travelers' Social Club held its |
ninth annual picnic at Shell Mound Park
yesterday. There wore nearly a thou- j
sa n<l people in attendance, most of whom ,
enjoyed dancing in the pavilion to the i
music of an excellent band. Others ;
availed themselveß of the various amuse
ments on the grounds and enjoyed them
selves thoroughly.
The committee of arrangements to
whom the success of the picnic was due
consisted of Eugene Gill, George Duffy.
John' Sweeny, Wiiliarn Fritz. J. P. Tassier,
James Kelly and William Meyer.
Lapland) rs think nothing of covering 100
miles ;i <Ifiy on their skates.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How Mrs. Pinkham
- HELPED MRS. GOODEtf.
[LETTER TO MRS. pinkham no. 12,733]
"I am very grateful to you for your
kindness and the interest you have
taken in me, and truly believe your
medicines and advice are worth more
to a woman than all the doctors in the
world. For years I had female troubles
and did nothing for them. Of course
I became no' better and finally broke
down • entirely. My troubles began
with inflammation, and hemorrhages
from the kidneys, then inflammation,'
congestion and falling of the womb
and inflammation of ovaries.
" I underwent local treatment every
day for some time; then after nearly,
two months the doctor gave me permis-
sion to go back to work. I went back,
but in less than a week was com-
pelled to give up and go to bed. On-
breaking down the second time, I de-
cided to let doctors and their medicine
alone and try your remedies. Before
the first bottle was gone I felt the ef-
fects of it. Three bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and a
package of her Sanative Wash did me
more good than all the doctors' treat-
ments and medicine.
"The -first remark that greets me
now is 'How much better you look!' and
you may be sure I never hesitate to tell
the cause of my health." — Mbs. E. J.
GOODEN, ACKLEY, .LA..
Use f^Jk Use
Woodbury's f?**/! Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream.
Speedily cures chapping, chafing and all skin
Irritations, prevents wrinkles, blackheads and
pimples. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book, and
receive sample of each free. JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY, 26 W. 23d St., New York, and 163 Stato
it.. Chicago.
ADV7IBTISEMENTS. __.l . .
CITYOFjgjg PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
LINEN DEPARTMENT.
We invite the special attention of Hotel, Restaurant and
Housekeepers to examine our NEW STOCK OF TABLE
LINENS, NAPKINS and TOWELS just received direct from
the manufacturers.
60-inch Heavy German Table Damask; ALL LINEN, at 50c and 60c
per yard.
72-inch Double Damask Irish Table Linen, 15 different patterns, at $1.00
" per yard.
72-inch Extra Fine Double Damask Irish Table Linen, 12 different patterns,
at $1.25 per yard.
23 inches square Damask Napkins at $1.75, $2.00, $2.50.
25 inches square Double Damask Napkins at $3.25 per dozen.
THE ABOVE GOODS WERE A "SPECIAL BUY 1 '
AND ARE MUCH UNDER REGULAR VALUES
JUST OPENED.
A complete assortment of Fine Table. Goths and Napkins, all sizes,
manufactured by Richardson, Sons & Owden, and John S. Brown & Sons,
Belfast, Ireland.
SPECIAL!
.25 pieces of French Linen Sheeting, 95 inches wide, at $1.00 and
$1.25 per yard ; worth not less than $1.50 and $1.75 per yard
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
r UNION SQUARE.
H t B B» * n Jgj lit* fijy^3»
— tetsSSSEkw I do not believe there
Mam&SttfL is a case of dyspep-
i^^3i|^^SM sia, indigestion or
fv&if*^^^^^^WffW any stomach trouble
42%' mm that cannot be re-
g*3 .3&SM lieved at once end
kj *^^i^S^ permanently curod
V '*M£sf b m ? dyspepsia j
jt^SssUtfafiih^ A - t a " d ru SP> st3 >
•fW.&iZ^t&M^ 25c. a vial. Guide
SflA^Vmßlrmjß to Health and medi-
'| J W eal advice frVe. 1505
• Arch street, Fhila.
IIHiIMiBHWIiH
Doctor
f"W *&Bitesj§sL Specialists for Men
v »W« l*~ ~*^* w»knr» and coti-
\\ Jjl/s*. tracted Ailments since 2681.
Vj^ViF* X*ia»-^^ Tk»y b»v* the larßest and
• J^vS^i ' w i t ci ' u 'l'J* ( ' lHeilitai in-
<J%sz \\£liSt 'rfzz&*'iri^Wi t«fl»ive practice in the U. B.
IIiNSS Mw/sH» '*• Pay Tiu Cnred *
l >^'^ l.'nfortnnate men who c.ih-
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. „ All f' c if r^ K t^iom*
Thou.«inil» cnrcil at bonif .
All letter, confidential. Xo Charge for Consultation.
73l8i"FSxfiscol Kl-ator Entrance.
g^^mam RUPTURE.
W&TyTf'-.S' Jam ) USE NO MORE IKON
SBfrifrujjffy^ Hoops or Steel Sprinr*.
y~^Pj| flßsP~*'^ Rupture retained with <?as» ;
■^«^«^R?t and comfort, and thousands radi-
■ f&L^ call y CURED by DR. PIERCES |
t{^ /£f^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. .E7 Call at
rfflceor write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
(20 Market st..opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
0000000000090 «5"O f?OQ
Jw PALACE **l\
PCR AND "SZMkM*
J: BAN FRANCISCO. q |
" Connected by a covered passageway. ■
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached.
0 Ail Under One Management. Q
in HOTS TEr. PRICES: Q
Z. European Plan. 11 .OO par day and apws-rd n
V American Plan $3.00 per day «nd upward M
LCorr«ipondencq Solicited. (J
/OSS 0. mXPA?RICK. H>e»gar. : q
aooooooooooooooi
*^^t^%^^ THE NEW
ist Day. a^^k. • %4e> si CDC you
nrtir ioth D*y. if rilCllUlßll
vi t al!s - iithr -- v ' i*~ ffi pcucnv
pisoi) n ES r hk ai:ot r. sou. D. . nbl!ll.UEi)i
RKSI'MS. 1 1 quickly A surely removes NervoiuneM. Impotencjr,
Nightly Emissions, TMI Dreams W»»tin; Pis-jnes »nd alt effect!
of self -abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lett Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Ward* off Insanity and Coßjumb-
tlon. Cures when ail others fail. Insist m having VITA US,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
per package or six for *5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
Refund the Money. Circular Free. Address
«AU'«ET CIKE CO., Dearborn St., Cfclcnf*
Bold by Owl Drue Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Great Bill in the Free Theater.
ETHEL LYNWOOD,
The "Human Knot," the World's Greatest
Contortionist: SHERMAN and .MOURISSET.
Acrobatic Comedians: the FOUR MIL/TONS.
Musical Comedians: BILLY OLCOTT, Monol--
ORist; the MICHELSEN BROTHERS, Banjo-"
lsts, and NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Talk with \VM. T. SAPP, the LIVING OSSI-
FIED MAN.
THURSDAY NIGHT,
AMATEUR CAKE WALK.
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
CONCEETS AND .RESORTS.
SUCCESS IN 24 CITIEB.
STEEPLECHASE
-:'V" CENTRAL PARK, Eighth tod Market. '.". 'f '
Admission only 10c, including '.'Horses."
Do as others are doing and ride THE GRAV-
ITY HORSES. Extra attractions to-day;
Thrilling exhibition by the Imperial Japanese
Divers and Swimmers; William Kohl, the King
nt 'Illusionists, in his mysterious act, "The
Human Spider"; "Fuse Shooting" Plegon
Range, Monster Rolling Barrel, Moving Stairs,
i etc. ODen dally Irom 1 ji. m. to 11 p. m. . ,
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Mbroscp Amusement Co., Inc.. Lessee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
■ French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW TORE SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
TO-NIGHT AT 8 SHARP.
"FAUST"
in French; Mmes. Melba, Olltzka, Van Caute-
ren. MM. Bonnanl, Bensaude, Boudouresque,
Viviani: conductor. Seppilll. ,'
March 14— Double bill. "Cavalleria Rustlcana"
and "I Paßliacci"; debut of Cnalia. March
15 — ' La Boheme," with Melba and debut of De
lAissari. March — "A Ida," debut of Gadski.
March — ••Carmen," De Lussan and Gadski.
I March Matinee. "Barber of Seville," Melba.
box seats, JlO. A limited number of general
admission tickets, $2; .general admission to gal-
lery, i $1. Repertoire for th" second and last
week will be announced TO-MORROW. .
columbCtheaterT
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
BLANCHE WALSH,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
And the Melbourne MacDowell Company.
Sardou's Great Drama,
FEDORA,
EXTRA !— Seats Ready THURSDAY.
BOSTONIANS.
First Time Here of the Romantic Opera,
"ROB ROY."
\S • NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. ■
| 7— New Strong Cards — 7
J. lA/. lA/INTON,
i PREMIERE Y£NTRILOQUIST, introducing his
Walking. Talking, Smoking figures.
i THE.PANTZER TRIO, Contortion Dancers.
TROUBADOUR TRIO,
Parisian Character Sing«rs
THE TWINS MARCO, OLA HATDEN. THE
3 FORTUNIS BROS.. HA YD EN AND HATH-
ERTON AND THE FOUR EDDYS. "
Reserved Seat*. Be; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, "pc.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TTb l\lir*HT r AND DURING
1 LF'lllVin I ENTIRE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
First Time at Alcazar
PRICES ... - - - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
A SOCIAL
HIGHWAYMAN!
ALL NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
'Next Week— New York Lyceum Theater
Hit, "NERVES." ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
The Comedy Opera,
ThePRETTY POACHER
-".-•■- Music by J.- OFFENBACH.
Book by OSCAR WEIL.
Brimfull of Mirth and Melody.
SUPERB CAST. • /:.-
- : ,V" First Appearance of
MR. GERALD GEROME, Tenor.
New " Scenery. Correct Costumes.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— The Ever-Popular Opera,
"THE MIKADO."
Popular Prices .- ....25c and 60a
N. B ; — A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250
Our Telephone, Bush 9. .
ALHAMBR A THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holden, Mac Donald
and Kilgo.
Last Week of the Successful Patriotic Drama,
...DEWEY...
J THE HERO OF MANILA.
Received Nightly With Enthusiasm by
Crowded Houses. : . .
FRIDAY-SPECIAL ST. PATRICK'S DAT
MATINEE.
- MONDAY NEXT,
■ The Great Emotional Actress,
- AGNES HERNDON.
: Supported by ALBERT A. ANDRUSS, .
In a Superb Production of Her Great Play,
"l^/\ BELLE MARIE."
,-;'> : . Matinees Saturday and Sunday. :
PRICES .*.., .»..,.....,.M e. 15c, 23c and 8«
78
GLADIATOR IN
HIS COURSES
IN FINE STYLE
Puts Out Moondyne
II in the Final.
CHASED A DEMON SHORT-TAIL
INGLESIDE PARK'S RECORD AL
MOST EQUALED.
Billy Gladstone and Thad Stevens
Chase a Jack for Nearly Seven
Minutes— Union i»ark
Results.
Despite the piercing cold w!r.d that j
blew over Inglealde Coursing I';irk yes- |
terday. nearly three-fourths of the u«ual j
large attendance remained to see Glad
down Moondyne n In the final i
course of the open stake. Those who ;
: for the finish were amply reward
ed by witnessing < ne of the prettiest and
f the day. Throughout j
the coi - k's speedy black Uhr ran j
in grand form, and when slipped in the
final proved that he had not lost any of |
his speed. Gladiator led \n> and served
himself three times on The* bare, and
then Moondyne got In f«>r a few points.
md take until Moondyne fell, j
when Gladiator did some pretty work.
shot forward and. killed,
Bhutl If out for first money.
was neatly put out by the
the stake In the s^mi-iinal
by a score of 14 to 0. In the opin
ion of many the score would not have
. Wild Tralee not been
fatigued. Within a half hour of bis race
with tiiadiator he and his lister. Lottie •
M, ran lour hard races before a decision j
In Wild Tralee's favor was given by ;
Judy- Grace. The brilliant work of the j
Lottie M. created a treat
deal or favorable comment. She experi- j
hard courses throughout the day !
. ! remarkably well. .Little M put |
out Royal I'rize and Rocket while on the J
short <"i"id and dumped the talent.
During the afternoon a heavy wind re- ■
. the -speed of the hares ami the
5 were shorter than usual. When j
rst ties were being run the .-un
shone brightly and gave every promise of j
such another day as the previous
ly. It was at this stage that Thad i
Stevens and Billy Gladstone nearly
equaled the park's record for a long j
For six minutes and forty-two ,
ds a superb specimen of- the lepus
americanos led the dogs over the sward
until their tongues hung out and their
limbs gr< w heavy with fatigue. Eajrun'a j
a up and had the best of the work, ,
but the hare being a demon, Thad Stev- j
; one out and was awarded
_. As was expected, Thad Stevens'
owner withdrew him.
Among the short ends to land were the
following: Thad Stevens beat Billy Glad
at 1 to ;'.; Las Palmas beat Royal
Buck at l to 2; American Eagle beat
Fear Not at J to 5; Mayflower beat Mys
tic Maid at 3 to 5; Lawrence in a bye
beat Reßt Assured at 3 to 5; Lottie M
Royal Prize at 4 to 5; Mayflower
Jennie Wilson at o to 5; Maid of
Hill beat Susie at 1 to 4 and Lottie M
beat Rocket at 1 to 3.
A great <l<-al of enthusiasm was dis
played by bettors and spectators during
the rfict between "Wild Tralee and his
Bister, Lottie M. In quirk succession the
two rivals of the same litter fought hard
for supremacy. The courses were re
markably close and • short. Lottie M led
up each time and took the turn, but her
brother -would either even the score by
killir.K op by working the hare for a few
points before it was dispatched by Lot
tle M. In their, fourth trial- Wild Tralee
led up, gaining two for speed and one for
the turn, .the bitch coming in. for one
turn and driving the hare to Tralee for
a kill, making the score 4 to 1.
Following Is the way the dogs ran and
the number of points scored by each:
Open slake, first round — A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty beat Kay & Tram's Christmas
Day. 9-3; T. .T. Cronin's Wild Tralee beat S.
Hansen's L. S. Conley, 4->>. J-.-^Quane's Thad
Stevens beat J. Egan's Billy Gladstone, -28-19,
time, 6:42; H. A. Peckelman's* Lawrence beat
J. Keenan's Flying Buck, 12-' J. P. O'Don
nell's Las Palmas beat J. -♦.enan's Royal
Buck, 6-3; H. A. Deckelman's Rocket beat
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen, 4-0; G. Bur
fiend's Royal Prize beat J. Keenan's Royal
Oak, 5-0; H. Lynch' a Lottie M beat Dillon &
Reilly's Granuale, 26-7: time, 1:58; J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael beat T. F. Logan's Miss
Grizzle. 6-2; A. van den Burgh's American
Eagle beat J. Keenan's Pear Not, 4-0; Handy
& Smith's Jennie Wilson beat Kay & Trant's
Sylvia, 10-6; John Eagan's Mayflower beat. H.
Lynch.-. Mystic Maid, 4-0: H. A. Deckeliu« 's
Glen Chloe beat Larkey &. Rock's Myrtle, --2;
J. Dean's Moondyne beat P. J. Reilly's Non
pariel, 5-0: H. A. Deckelman's Prince George
beat J. O'Dowd'a Clifton Lass. 10-4; J. Dean's
Gladiator beat J. Thrift's Grasshopper, 6-0;
Tim Sullivan's Maid of Hill beat Hurley &
Reilly's Waterwitch. 5-0; T. Butler's Susie beat
S. McCollough'a Magdallah, 4-2.
Second round— Wild Tralee beat Mountain
Beauty, 3-2; Lawrence beat Thad Stevens, 6-3.
Rocket beat Las Palnms, 8-6; Lottie M beat
Royal Prize. 10-4; St. Michael beat American
Eagle, 6-2; Mayflower beat Jennie Wilson, 4-1;
Moondyne beat Glen Chloe, 5-0; Gladiator beat
Prince George, 3-2; Maid of Hill beat Susie,
3-2.
Third round — Wild Tralee beat Lawrence,
4-3; Lottie M beat Rocket, 7-0; Moondyne beat
St. Michael. 10-3: Gladiator beat Mayflower,
4-.. Maid of Bill was .beaten In- a bye by
O X Capitol, 7-1.
Fourth round— lid Traiee beat Lottie M
4-1; Moondyne beat Maid of Hill, 7-3; Gladiator
beat Susie in a bye, 3-0.
Fifth round— Gladiator beat Wild Traiee, 14-0;
Moondyne beat Susie In a bye, 4-0.
Final— Gladiator beat Moondyne, 10-7; time,
1:07.
MERCY MAY WON.
She Ran. ir. Fine Form at Union Park
Yesterndy.
The- attendance was unusually large
yesterday at Union Park to witness the
results of the championship stake. Me
tallic, owned by the Pasha kennels, se*
cured the stake, handily defeating Prince
Hal, the runner-up, with several points
to spare.
The reserve stake was won by that fleet
little bitch, Mercy May. the property of.
W. F. Hobbs. She appeared* to be In the
pink of condition, and though handicaped
by long courses al! day ran gamely, and
with the exception of the linal course
with Motto defeated her company easily.
The betting public broke about even on
the daj . the longest shot that secured the
winning ting being Sportsman, who de
feated Caadelarla at the odds o£ 3 to 1.
liadiwist liin well on the short end, and
was not retired from the list until his de
feat by Motto in the fourth round. Among
the Bbort-enderH that won were Magneto,
at 2 to 1; Sportsman, :; to 1; Beau Peep,
3 to 5; Hicks, 4 to 5; Interesting, -i to 5/
and Mercy May against Log Boy, 3 to 5.
The results of the day wt re as follows:
Champion stake, first round — Pasha Kennels'
Metallic heat George Whitney's Theron;, Handy
& Smith's Ida beat F. Moran's FaJse Flatterer;
K. -Mo rail's Golden Kusset ran a bye on account
of Milo Kennels'. Rock: Island Boy being with
drawn owinjg to sickness; Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal beat Pasha Kennels' Emm Pasha.
Second Metallic beat Ida; Prince Hal
beat Golden Russet. '" : ■ tV
Metallic beat Prince Hal.
Reserve stake, second round->Dennfs & Por
ter's Interesting beat J. Motfitt's Gripman;
Handy & Smith's Victor beat J. Dlckson's
Black Bess; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat M.
London's Snarkey; M. London's Magneto beat
Cohen & Tevlin's The Devil; J. J. -Edmonds'
Morning Glory beat W. Creamer's Jesse Moore;
O. J. Olson's Sunburst beat F. A. McComb's
Miss Skyrocket; W. F. Hobb's Mercy May beat
J. H. Smith's Merced; Milo Kennels* Irma beat
Kelly & Foley's' Farewell; Rincon Kennels'
Swedish beat G. & H. Kennels' Dempsey Lass;
Milo Kennels' Victor King .beat F. Moran'a
Snapshot; H. McNeil's Sportsman beat J. Seg-
Eerson's Candelarla; J. Maggliii's Beau Peep
beat Joseph P.erry'H Commodore Nash: Dennia
& Porter's October Woodcock beat Milo Ken
neis' Miss Rabbit; J. Connell's Log Boy beat
R. E. «le B. Lopez's Minneapolis; D. Flyan's
Hicks beat Handy & Smith's Dauntless; Aeneld
Kennels 1 Van Clolo beat Kay & Trant's Lady
Norborne; A. Massey's Hndiwist beat Paaha
Kennels' Recent Arrival; H. F. Anderson's
Crawford Braes beat Enterprise Kennels' Pre
ciU Girl; Dally & Siebeln's Shylock Boy beat
Yosemlte Kennels' Wild Lassie; F. , £• Mc ~
Comb's Motto beat Enterprise Kennels Fedora.
F. A. HcComb's Little Joker beat 3. E. Card
well's Ruth Aahmore; Aeneld Kennels Ire
tender beat T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnot
Third round-Victor beat Interesting: Tod
Sloan beat Magneto: Morning Glory beat bun
burst; Mercy May beat Irma: Swedish beat
Victor King; Beau Peep beat Sportsman.- Log
Boy beat October Woodcock: Van CJole beat
Hicks: Hadlwist beat Crawford Braes. Motto
beat Shylock; Pretender beat Little Joker.
Fourth round-Victor beat Tod Bloa* . Mercy
May beat Morning Glory: Beau Peep beat
Swedish; Log Boy beat Van dole; Motto beat
Hadlwlst; Pretender ran a bye. ._
Fifth round-Mercy May beat A ictor. Log
Boy beat Beau Peep: Motto boat Pretender-
Sixth round-Mercy May beat Log Boy. Motto
ran a bye.
Final— Mercy May beat Motto.
Little Wonder Took the Purse.
STOCKTON, March 12.— The results at Oood
water Grove to-day were as follows: Twenty
eight dog stake-Ruby ran a bye with Pacific
Queen; Koolawn beat Diggs: Bendalong beat
Reno- Olga beat Beauty: Haze! Glen beat My?.
tpr'y' Marietta' beat Duke of Newark: Prince
Of Fashion beat Morse Patrol: Mission Tip
beat Blue Bird; White Tip beat Miss Perkins;
Vigilant beat Duke of Oak Grove; Sunbeam
beat Jessie. S; Little Wonder beat Port i. osta
Lass: Better Than Gold beat Domino; Gold
Bug beat "West Side. ._',«...
First ties- Knolawn beat Ruby; Olga beat
Bendalong; Hazel Glen beat Marietta: Prince
Of Fashion beat Mission Tip: Mgilant beat
White Tip- Little Wonder beat Sunbeam; Bet
ter Than Gold beat Gold Bug.
Second ties— Koolawn beat Olga: Prince of
Fashion beat Hazel Glen: Little Wonder' beat
Vigilant ■ Better Than Gold ran a bye.
Third ties— Little Wonder beat Koolawn;
Prince of Fashion heat Better Than Gold.
Final— Little Wonder beat Prince of Fashion.
Little Wonder first. Prince of Fashion second.
Better Than (.old third. Koolawn fourth, Vigi
lant fifth Hazel Glen sixth, Olga seventh.
WMte Diamond Too Speedy.
LOS ANGELKS. March 12.— 1n the
coursing at Agricultural Park to-day for
a forty-dog stake for a purse of $200 for
dogs that have not run tirst or .;ocond
since December 1, Muleaster & Nallip's
White Diamond won nrst money, with
Passon's Credit second and Adams' Nasli
viile 'hird. There was a large crowd in
attendance, though a chilly breeze pre
vailed throughout the afternoon. Next
Sunday there will be a thirty-two-dog re
serve stake- and a eixteen-dog open stake,
which was lllled on the ground this after-
OPENING OF THE BLUE ROCK SEASON AT ALAMEDA.
noon. Coursing continues to boom, and
it. is reported that a number of dog's will
soon come down from San Francisco.
*m-
San Jose Coursing.
SAN JOSE. March 12.— At the coursing
match to-day for the 32-dog stake, P. C.
Curtis' Vanity Fair won first money and
his Commodore second money.
Altos Beaten at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. March 12.— The Altos of
San Francisco, champions of the ama
teur league, were defeated this afternoon
by the Beachcombers by a score of 11 to
° Whalen was 'the pitcher for the Altos
and Balsz and Donlin for the local team.
The Altos were reinforced by professional
players.
On the average in Russia there is only
one village school for 12,000 persons.
SCHEDULE OF GAMES OF
THE CALIFORNIA LEAGUE
The schedule committee of the California League has completed its work, the following schedule of games
having been adopted. This is the best schedule ever arranged in California, as the teams will play an equal
number of games with each of the others. Th- season will open in two weeks and continue until November 29.
Games will be played Saturdays and Sundays, with Sunday morning games In Oakland. This Is the schedule:
At
San Francisco.
At
Sacramento.
At
San Jose.
At /
Watsonville.
At
Santa Cruz.
At
- Oakland. •
DATE.
and San Francisco. ■
San Jose.
Santa Cruz.
26....
Apr i Sacramento and San Francisco. 1
April 2 ! Sacramento and San Francisco. j
April 8 • San Jose and Oakland.
April '9.....«- San Jose and Oakland. .
April 15 ; Watsonville and San Francisco
April 16 ...... fWatsonville and San Francisco
April 22 ; Oakland and Santa Cruz... »
April 23 Oakland and Santa Cruz.
April 291.... ■• Oakland and Sacramento.
April 30 Oakland and' Sacramento. '
Sacramento and San Francisco.
Sacramento and San Francisco.
San Jose and Oakland.
San Jose and Oakland. .
j Watsonville and San Francisco
Watsonville and San Francisco
Oakland and Santa Cruz..
Oakland and Santa Cruz. .
Oakland and' Sacramento.'
{Oakland and' Sacramento, r
Watsonville.
Watsonville.
• ■-■ -
Oakland.
Oakland.
...■■.,-■ .
Santa Cruz. .
Santa Cruz.
I San Francisco.
San Francisco.
•
' .' -
Sacramento.
Sacramento.
San Francisco and Oakland.
Oakland.
Oakland.
■ _._:'■
I San Jose.
! San Jose. >
■'- ■'■■■- r 1 •■"-.•-..,
Watsonville and San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
Watsonville.
Watsonville.
Santa Cruz and Oakland.
._■--..
~;V :,-:-.,--.:;.:
ay 6.... San Francisco and San Jose. . j
itf a y i San Francisco and San Jose.
jj ay 13 Oakland and Watsonville.
■May 14 .Oakland 'and Watsonville.
May 20., Oakland and San Francisco.
May 21.. Oakland and San Francisco.
May 27........ .San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
May 28.. (San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
May 30 San Francisco and Sacramento.
San Francisco and San Jose. . I
San Francisco and San Jose. I
Oakland and Watsonville.
Oakland 'and Watsonville.
Oakland and San Francisco.
Oakland and San Francisco.
San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
[San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
San Francisco and Sacramento.
Oakland.
Oakland.
Sacramento.
Sacramento. -
Santa Cruz.
. Santa Cruz.
Jose and San Francisco.-
land and Watsonville.
Watsonville.
1 Watsonville.
' ■ :
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Jose. .
San Jose.
.
land and San Francisco.
Oakland.
Oakland.
Oakland.
Sacramento. .
Sacramento.
Santa Cruz.
•--■ --<->/ ■■■: *-. ■:.:■>:;* ■:.;•■•
Francl6co and Santa Cruz.
■•:-■ -.*'V : - '■'■'• •;
June 3 'Oakland and San Jose.
J un e 4 'Oakland and San Jose. ...v. J •.*■".
June 10 I San Francisco and Sacramento.
June 11, .....'• Son Francisco and Sacramento.
June 17 • i Oakland and San Francisco.
June -8....... : Oakland and San Francisco.
June 24 Oakland and Sacramento.
June. 25..'..... j Oakland and Sacramento. ... ; .■
■Oakland and San Jose.
I Oakland and San Jose. U;. J \
San Francisco and Sacramento.
San Francisco and Sacramento.
Oakland and San Francisco.
: Oakland and San Francisco, i
Oakland and Sacramento.
Oakland and Sacramento.
! San Francisco.
San Francisco.
.."...'
Watsonville.
Watsonville. -
-"
.•-.:-. --:,*■-.-
Oakland and San Jose.
Santa Cruz.
Santa Cruz.
Oakland.
Oakland.'
San Jose. "
San Jose.
! San Francisco and Sacramento.
1 Sacramento.
Sacramento.
j Oakland and San Francisco. *
Watsonville.
Watsonville.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
! Oakland and Santa Cruz.
July ' 1. ....... San Jose and San Francisco.
July 2,'.'.'...'.. San Jose and San Francisco.
July 4*!".... I San Jose and Oakland.
July 8 ....... Watsonville and San Francisco.
July - 9'!!'.".. Watsonville and San Francisco,
july 15.'.'.'.'.... Oakland and Sacramento.
July 16 111.... I Oakland and Sacramento.
July 22........ 'Oakland and San Francisco.
July 23. '.'. Oakland and San' Francisco.
July -'>:. : San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
July SO* San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
San Jose and San Francisco.
San Jose and San Francisco.
San Jose and Oakland.
I Watsonville and San Francisco. I
; Watsonville and San Francisco.
Oakland and Sacramento.
[Oakland and Sacramento.
Oakland. and San Francisco.
'Oakland and San' Francisco.
San Francisco and Santa Cruz. !
San Francisco and Santa Cruz. !
Sacramento.
Sacramento.
Oakland. ,
Oakland.
Watsonville.
San Francisco and Sacramento.
| San Francisco..
[ Oakland.
: Oakland.
'•
San- Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco and Watsonville.
San .Francisco.
San Francisco.
-.- ",v'.'-. ?.:)/.
San Jose.
San Jose.
• - :■-- ■ "-. ■
Oakland and Sacramento.
Oakland and San Francisco.
I Santa Cruz.
Santa Cruz.
j San Jose.
; San Jose.
Watsonville.
Watsonville.
'■' . ■
Oakland.
Oakland.
San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
_„-,,_*' k .Oakland and Watsonville. .
A„^'.t c""* Oakland and Watsonville. ■
t^n-t 12"" Oakland and San Jose.
A__iist it... ■ oaklafld and San Jose.
Aueust 18 ' v " an Francisco and Sacramento.
\u000e' 21 "" San Francisco and Sacramento.
\u000c Oakland and Santa Cruz. . -
August 27" ..Oakland and Santa Cruz.'.
.Oakland and Watsonville. .
Oakland and Watsonville. ■
Oakland and San Jose.
Oakland and San Jose. ..•■;';•:-
-{San Francisco and Sacramento.
'.San Francisco and Sacramento.
[Oakland and Santa Cruz. , ■
Oakland and Santa Cruz. \*J. >■''-■'_
Sacramento.
Sacramento.
i San Franclscc.
San Francisco.
■
Santa Cruz.
Santa Cruz. .
'Oakland and Watsonville.
V
] San Francisco.
I San Francisco.
Oakland and San Francisco.
'
j Watsonville.
1 Watsonville.
Watsonville.
Watsonville.
San Francisco.
Oakland.
Oakland.
■ . . . ■ . •
San Francisco and Sacrament
■.•■Ti':.* .
I ; : 1
September 2. lOakland and San Francisco.
September 3. Oakland and San Francisco.
September .9. pan Francisco and San Jose. -
September 10. San Francisco and San Jose.
September 16. j Oakland and Sacramento.
September 17. 'Oakland and Sacramento.
September 23. (Son Francisco and Watsonville:
September 24. San Francisco and Watsonville.
September 30. Oakland and San Francisco.
Oakland.
Oakland. ■
Santa Cruz.
Santa Cruz.
Oakland. .
Oakland.
Sacramento. •
Sacramento.
I San Francisco.
San Francisco..
San Jose.
San Jose:
Watsonville.
Watsonville.
land and San Francisco. '
Francisco »nd San Jose.
land ' and Sacramento.
Francisco and Watsonville.-
Santa Crux.
Santa Cruz.
San Jose. \. . •
; Sacramento.
I : -__—_-________.
October 1.... lOakland and San Francisco. ■•:
October 7.... Oakland and Watsonville.
October 8.... : Oakland and Watsonville. »
October 14.... San Francisco and Santa Cruz, i San Joaa.
October 15.-.. San Francisco and Santa Cruz. San Jose.
October 21 Oakland and San Francisco. ■■' '.'=..• ■■•
October -'- Oakland and San. Francisco. ; '-';,.
October -25.... Oakland and Watsonville. San Franclscc
October 23... • Oakland and Watsonville. San Franclscc
November 4. San Francisco and Pan Jose. ■'■".r.".'~"-'''-. • ■■:, --:'
November 5. San Francisco and San Jose.
November 11. Oakland and Sacramento.
November 12. Oakland and Sacramento.
November 18. San Francisco and Santa Cruz.' Watsonville. '*
November 19. '.San Francisco and Santa Cruz, j Watsonville.
November 25. Oakland and San Francisco. j San Jose.
November 26., Oakland and San Francisco. San Jose.
■ '"-.-.- ':-:■* ' - "- - -:->_v: ....
San Joaa.
San Jose.
San Francisco.
■San Francisco.
Sacramento.
Sacramento. '
Santa Cruz.
Santa Cruz. .
San- Jose. <
Oakland. .-
Oakland.
Sacramento.
Sacramento.
Sacramento.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
■ " *.*'* ■'
San • Jose.
San Jose.
Oakland and San Francisco.
Oakland and Watsonville.
San Francisco and. Santa Cruz.
Oakland and San Francisco.;
Oakland and Watsonville.
San Francisco.
San Francisco. \
{Oakland. ,
Oakland.
Oakland.
Oakland..
Santa Cruz.
Santa Crux.
Sacramento.'
Sacramento.
Francisco and San Jose.
land and Sacramento.
Francisco and Santa Cru_.
. - - ... • ..- ••■-•■ -
" '■ ■ ■;•■■-■ - -■ -
land and San Francisco.
1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
CLAY PIGEONS
FLEW ON THE
STIFF BREEZE
Opening of the Blue
Rock Season.
FAIR SCORES AT ALAMEDA
OPENING SHOOT OF THE SEASON
UNDER BAD CONDITIONS.
Empire and San Francisco Gun Clubs
Hold Their Initial Matches in
Spite of the Baffling
Norther.
ALAMEDA, March 12.— The Empire
Gun Club held Its first blue rock shoot
for the season to-day at the club's
grounds at Alameda Point. During the
morning the conditions were favorable
for high scores, but early In the after
noon a stiff breeze blew across the
grounds, sending the clay discs sailing a
little too lively and uncertain for the
sportsmen. The merchandise shoot was
the event of the day. Flinkinger won the
prize 4n the first class— a shotgun offered
by the club— with a score of 17 out of a
possible 20.
In the second class Hobbie was first,
King second and E. Foster third.
Webb made the highest score In the
third class; Smith was second and O.
Feudner third.
The fourth class prize was won by F.
Feudner; Huie second, and Muller. Fos
ter and Hazen tied for third. The tie
was settled by a freeze-out shoot at five
birds, which Foster won.
The score of the merchandise shoot
follows:
Kerrison, 12; Javette, 7; Tevendall. r>;
M. V, Little, 9; Franzen, 13; Chestnut.
9; Nauman, 7; F. Gape, 3: Adam. 8;
Price. 9: Sherock. 7: Schendel. 9; Liddel,
6: Mitchel, 7; Schulz, 13; Andrews, 0;
Haver, 10; Howe, 0; Houpt, 6: Cornell, 7;
Gere. 6; Androus. 9; Muller, 14; Sweeney,
8; Hoyle, 7; Smith, 15; Millar, 9; Webb.
15; O. Feudner, 15; F. Feudner. 14; Jus
tin, 10; Ricklefson, 12; Clark, 13; Vernon,
7; Trombone, 13; Wallace, 8; Rose, 5;
Hoyt, 1G ; Lane. 8" Leavell. 9; Tellerson,
12; Dr. Alden. 9; E. G. Foster, 14; E. Fos
ter. 16; Flicklnger. 17; Plsanl. 5: Grugg,
10; E. W. Debenliam, 16; Parent, 6; Dieck
man, 4; Murdock, 13; Peltier, 7; Lamotte,
11; Jones, 5; Shaw, 9; Klevesahl, 15; Dan
tells, 18; Lewis. 6; Robertson, 16; Mich
aelson, 16; Woltaw, 9: Swales. 9; Fisher,
13; Hine, 14; Sinkwitz, 13;' W. Ireland, 12;
Williamson, 13; Shields, . 6; Durst. 13;
Lambert, S; Scott. 12; Hobble, 16; Ireland,
7; Lockwood, 9; King. 16; Hazen, 14; H.
Lamotte, 13.
The Magantrap event at 25 birds result
ed as follows:
Michelssen, 11; Sweeney, 18: Lewis, 4;
Miller, 16; Williamson, 13; Haver, 16;
Shaw, 14; Klevesahl, 18: Durst, 22; F.
Feudner, 22; Debenham, 21; Hihe. 20; An
drous, 17; Trombone, 21; Pisani, 9.
The San Francisco Gun Club had its
initial shoot for the season at the
grounds of the Lincoln Club. There was
a club match at 25 birds and several pool
shoots. The score of the club match fol
lows: O. Feudner, 19; Daniells, 24; Trom
bone, 23: Ricklefson, 20; Klevesahl, 24;
Shaw. 22; King. 24; Schultz, 23; Flickin
ger, 16; Foster. 20; Williamson, 21; Hoyt,
19; Miller, 17; Isham, 14; Piel. 12; Lock
wood. 13; Sweeney, 19: H. Kullman. 15;
J. Kullman. 11; Dreyfus. 15; Justins, 20;
Keller, 7; Grubb. 18; McLean. 11: Lane,
16; Palmer, 17; Wand? 9; Murdock, 17;
Freedlander, 14; Haver, 23; Hazen, 12;
Summerrield, 19.
yesterday's Handball Games.
At the conclusion of yesterday's sport
in Phil Rvan's handball court, at 858
Howard street^ J. C. Nealon walked out
the champion player of San Francisco.
The game in which he distinguished him
self was that in which he and Kll
pallon defeated T. F. Bonnet and A.
Hampton after about as closely con
tested a game as has been played "at
Ryan's court In a number of years.
The scores of all those who played are
as follows:
B. Clements and W. Hassell defeated M. Ma
gulre and E. Antron. Score, 21-10. 16-21. 21-19.
W H. Slebert and E. Lynch defeated D. J.
Sheehan and W. H. Kedian. Score. 21-18, T2-21.
21-13.
O. Smith and T. Leach defeated A. Mc-
Vi.-ker and M. McLaughlin. Score. 21-11. 14-21.
21-17.
E Ourley and M. McClure defeated J. Dow
ling and M. Baseh. Score. 21-9. 11-21. 21-15.
X Barry and E. Pownes defeated M. Klrby
and R. Hnusman. Score. 21-18, 12-21. 21-19.
G McDonald and M. McNeil defeated P. Mc-
Kinnon and L. Corraine. Score, 21-S, 13-21. 21-14.
M. Dillon and G. Hutchinson defeated P.
Hutchinson and P. Kelly. Score, 21-19, 14-21,
21-20.
J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kilgallon defeated
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton. Score, 21- IS,
13-21, 21-17.
■ ♦ ■
Aquatics at Sutro's.
A large crowd of people witnessed the
usual aquatic exercises at Sutro Batha
yesterday. The results were as follows:
Fifty yard swimming dash, novice, won
by D. Harris. W. Harrison second.
"High diving for boys, won by C. Dono
van, P. Guerin second.
Obstacle race, through small tank, won
by G. O'Brien. W. Hurley second.
"Trapeze dive, won by P. Gu/in, W. Har
rison second.
Springboard dive, won by W. Harris, A.
Bay fuss second.
Underwater swimming contest, won by
G. Wlnfield, J. Jackson second.
TREATED FOR POISONING,
HE DIED OF PNEUMONIA
Henry Geisson the Victim of a Heartless Land
lord and the Error of a Physician.
pital who diagnosed his case as poisoning instead of penumonia
1 J, h . , n(1 fo r he was but 19 years of age, was a protege of J. \v . ueisson.
steward on tne Kaduk. The two met at Honolulu when they were bo
Thn^rd the Centennial, and Geisson took a strong fancy to the boy At the
request of the young fellow, whose name was Haas. Geisson allowed him tQ
assume the latter name. Last year Geisson shipped as steward of the
Kariuk and his protege as cabin boy. Three months ago. when the whaler
returned to San Francisco. Geisson and the boy secured a room at the Maine
House Cl 4 Kearney street, the former paying the rent. Some time after thjs
Geislon started on a protracted spree, and when the room rent was due
the Wi°thout money or' friends, young Geisson was compelled to live as best
he could. By performing odd jobs he managed to secure sufficient fOOO to
keen him -alive, but box cars, wharves and open stables were his sleeping
nKces The hardships he endured brought on an attack of pneumonia. Two
• weeks' ago he met Geisson and they again took a room at the Maine
House Both on last Monday shipped anew on the Kariuk.
. Saturday morning the boy was taken violently ill. He was found on the
floor of his room in a delirium and the landlord, fearing ho might die in the
house notified the police at the California street station that the lad had
taken' rough on rats. The patrol wagon was sent to the house and young
Geisson was taken to the Harbor Hospital with all possible haste,
Dr Yon der Leith was told that the boy had taken poison, and without
investigating used the stomach "pump on the Buffering lad. Gefsson utterly
collapsed during the operation and was placed on a cot. The physician later
discovered that the patient had pneumonia and began treatment for that
disease, but tho boy died shortly before noon, yesterday.
The body was removed to the morgue by Deputy Coroner Sullivan, and
last night Dr. Zabala performed an autopsy. A puncture was found in the
oesophagus, but the immediate cause of death was pneumonia. The punc
ture is believed by Dr. Zabala to be due to some corrosive poison. No poison
was found in the room of young Geisson, but a bottle of whisky and bit
ters which he had was given to the chemist for analysis.
STIFF BREEZE BLEW
ON OAKLAND CREEK
SLOOP FLASH WON THE NAVY
BACE YESTERDAY.
Nereid Alone of the Canoes Com
pleted the Course and Won the
Mayrisca Badge.
On an ebb tide, and with a pood west
erly breeze, that kept freshening all the
time, the canoes Nereid, Whim. Vitesse
and Gnat, and the sloops Beatrice and
Flash, sailed the third race of the Oak
land Navy yesterday over the usual tri
angular course on the San Antonio
estuary. Of the canoes, Nereid was the
only one that finished, the skippers of
Gnat and Vitesse going overboard and
retiring from the race.
The starting gun was flred at 12:49 p.
m.. and the time of all boats taken from
that moment. The wind was stiff enough
to give the sloops an advantage over the
canoes, so that at the end of the first
round the yacht Flash was in the lead,
and increased her lead on each round of
the course, ultimately finishing in. an
elapsed time of 1 hour 18 minutes and 44
seconds, beating the canoe Nereid by
nearly eight minutes. The sloop Beatrice
was sailing well, but in gibing round one
of the marks the strap of the main sheet
carried away and she was compelled to
retire. The canoe Whim completed two
rounds, but did not cross the finishing
line. The results are shown in the table:
OAKLAND NAVY— THIRD RACE— MARCH 12. 1899.
BOAT.
NAME.
First I Second
Round. I Round.
H. M. S. H. M. S.
Finish
Time.
H. M. S.
Elapsed
Time.
H. M. S.
*
Flash '••••
Nereid
Whim
Beatrice
Vitesse
Gnat r
1:12:39
1:13:34
1:14:53
1:15:14
1:17:13
1:27:40
1:40:18
1:43:15
1:46:00
•
*
*
| 2:07:44
I 2:15:31
| 1:1S:44
I 1:26:31
At the same time, and over the first
two rounds of the same course, the four
canoes of the Oakland Canoe- Club sailed
for the Mayrisch badge. In this race
Whim started scratch. Jsereid receded a
time allowance of one minute Codia _ an d
Vitesse two minutes each, and Gnat tour
minutes. Nereid, being the only canoe
that completed the course, was the win
ner her sailing time for the two rounds
being 54 minutes and 15 seconds, and her
corrected time one minute less, or 53
minutes and 15 seconds. * «* 0^
Canoe Club proposes to pay a visit tc .the
battleship lowa, and on the fol \°* in . g
Sunday. March 26. there will be a handi
cap race for the sloops of the club.
ON OAKLAND LINKS.
Two Bounds of a Handicap Contest
Have Been Played.
On Saturday afternoon the match play
competition, eighteen holes, with handi
cap for a silver cup. produced an nter
esUng contest on the links of the Oakland
Go ? Club. The rounds of the contest
Sere ararnged as follows: Eighteen, the
number of the competitors, subtracted
from thirty-two (the next power of two
above eighteen), gives fourteen. Accord
ingly fourteen of the contestants drew
byes, leaving four In the preliminary
round, in which J. C. McKee. Kn**. . «J
--ivatpd G P Gow, who had a handicap of
one 4 up; and Mr. Ames, with a handicap
of seven beat J. M. Taft. whose handicap
was one. In the second round the two
winners in the preliminary round and the
fourteen players who drew byes were the
contestants. The results are shown in
the table:
Scratch
7
3..
6
5. ;
4
7
Scratch
7
,'■■-. I
4
1
Scratch
Scratch
Scratch
Handicap.
IW. Johnson
Requa
j
.'
A. Goodall
G. Wheaton.. lA.I A.
G. S. Wheaton
I
'.'....
T. Rickard
1.. Cooke
Macdonald
W.
; J.
Folger
 Greenwood
D. Belden
H. Knowles
Competitors.
McKee
P. Johnson
I
Goodall
... •• ■•■:„_■?• :
T. Rickard I
T. Rickard..-
;__*«__- • ';:■; '■ y
R. Cooke
A
Greenwood
D. '.....
Winners.
• . -■■.:.'.-'•
play. up < ...
8 up and 6 to play.
2 up.
. ■ ■■■■■■-:
"""'""
6
12 up.
'
. ' . ■■.•';.■•-
-2 tip.
"" : :•y•••••••••.
.
w*mme*gSß
Holes.
-':;:.-•■.' Vc :■■.::■
J. A. Folger, playing against W.C. Ma
aee in the second round, forfeited when
1 up, thus leaving W. A. Magee winner by
12 up. The eight winners in the second
round will be matched In the third round,
which will be played this week and fin
ished as opportunity offers.
The handicap values given in the above
table are as follows: I gives the player
an extra stroke on "fence"; 2 gives him
an extra stroke on "fence" and on
"bowles bunker"; 3 elves the same as 2.
plus a stroke on "nome"; 4 gives the
same as 3. plus a stroke on "round top";
5 gives the same as four, plus a stroke on
"road"; 6 gives the same as 5, plus a
stroke on hole 2; 7 gives the same as 6,
plus a stroke on hole 3.
The men's foursomes, eighteen holes,
match play, with handicap, which were
begun on the Oakland links on Saturday,
March 4, are not yet finished. R. M. Fitz
gerald and A. Goodall are left in against
R. Cooke and W. A. Ma*?ee. The final
foursome will probably be played off dur
ing the week on some afternoon con
venient to the competitors. Next Satur
day there will be competitors in putting
and approaching on the Oakland links.
SHOT LIVE TARGETS
FOR GOLDEN MEDALS
OLYMPIC GUN GLUB OPENS ITS
ANNUAL SHOOT.
The initial medal shoot of the Olympic
Gun Club for the season opened at the
club's grounds, near Ingleside, yesterday
morning.
The gunners were divided into three
classes, a medal being hung up for each
clasp. All who entered the match wero
arbitrarily classified on the basis of their
known records and ability. The "cham
pion class' contained four of the best
shots on the coast, J. S. Fanning, C.
Nauman, Frank Maskey and C. A.
Haight. The others shot in classes A
and B.
A cold wind was blowing over the traps
when "Slade" faced the mark for the
first bird of his dozen, the match being
at twelve birds. "Slade." class A.
killed 9. Others in the same class scored
as follows: H. H. White 10, C. A. Stone
8, F. Johnson 8, L. D. Owens 11, C. F. |
Grant 9 and M. E. Unger 11. In the cham
pion class Fanning lost one bird, scoring j
11; Haight killed 12, Markey 12 and Nau
mar 12. There promises to be an inter- •
I esting battle for the medal in this class. .
I Although Fanning fell behind one bird in :
I yesterday's match, he would perhaps :
stand as favorite against the field if he i
could remain throughout the contest, but, i
as big Eastern tournaments will demand
his attention, he will be unable to finish.
In class B. A. Roos and H. E. Rose
broke even, each killing 10 birds; H. B.
Hosmer centered 6 and Paul Delmas 9.
This ends the line of contestants for |
the medals, but Harvey McMurchy of
Syracuse, N. V., and S. A. Tucker of
Meriden, Conn., as guests of the club
shot out yesterday's score. The guests, j
both well-known wing shots, were classed
with the champions and placed with Fan
ning at thirty-one yards.
Although, as stated, Nauman, Haight
and Maskey each killed all their birds,
and will put up a good tight for the cham
pion class medal, there are still others to
be considered. Next month Will and
Harry Golcher, both "high gun" men,
will shoot up their scores and get even fn
the contest and then the hard shooting
for the first class medal will begin.
The records of some of yesterday's con
testants were doubtless lowered by the
high wind, birds that were centered and j
killed being carried out of bounds.
Tucker lost one bird that dropped dead
outside the bound. White 1, Stone 1,
Johnson 1 and Hosmer 3.
CORRIGAN TRACK ENTRIES.
Another Hurdle Affair Down for De
cision — Five Other Cheap Races
on the Card.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events at Ingleside:
First Race— One mile; gelling; four-year-olds
and upward.
752 Merry Boy 106 [ SOI The Plunger 106
' 792 Bonita 100 j 793 Mainbar 1)2
761 Fred Gardner.. .loo, 475 Edgemount 106
49S Lorena II U>4 l 297 Adam Andrew. .lo9
784 Einstein 102j 762 Roulette Wheel. llto
654 Midian 100 1 795 Meadow Lark . 106
801 Bobbins 10C, SO4 Kapido 106
Second Race— One and an eighth miles; over
five hurdles.
800 Durv.-ard 125 SOS Jazabel . .. 136
800 Major S 125 1 384 .University ......ISB
800 Imp. Allen tS 800 Joe Cotton 13: i
800 Colonial Dame. .125 SOO Rossmore O
Third Race— Five furlongs: selling; three
year-olds.
494 Jingle. Jing1e. ...102 752 Watossa 101
6"i6 Crossmollna 102 787 Elsin 107
(78S)C. H.Harrison Jrlo4: 759 Anchored ..!107
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing-; three-yenr-01-Js and upward.
794 Sardonic 107 737 Ed Oartland ... 95
(7-76) Tom Cromwell. .112 702 Master Kuck SI
804 Gllberto 91 <7S4)lmperious 105
794 Major Hooker... 95 (793)Roadiunner iv
£,38 Casdale 84 1 761 Una Colurado... 99
769 Mistleton 110 i
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing: four-year-olds and upward.
801 Vincltor 109; 792 Caspar .. 109
(795)Potente 102 7t<'j Stan Power 9 'io»
784 Benamela 106 77t> Globed "10}
794 Lady Hurst 104: 71*s Amelia Fonso.. 104
SOS Frank Jaubert..l<)6 784 Greyhurst ... 106
804 Bonnie lone 100
Sixth Race— Three and a half furlongs; two
yonr-nlds.
789 Mortgage 110 ... Palapa 105
... Alary's Garter. .los 799 Ramhoulia ... 10S
... Silver Tail 105 1 ...Kolen M 8
. ... Daniel IQS : 7SI Gusto \m
(799)An<lrlsa 110 7R3 Winyah .. . ' v>y
...Ned Dennis 105 806 Yellow Tail lis
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Adam Andrew. Einstein, Midian.
Second Race— Jazabel, Durward, Colonial
Dame.
Third Race— C. H. Harrison Jr., Jingle Jingle,
Crossmollna.
Fourth Race — Sardonic, Casd-.u?, Tom Com
well.
Fifth Race— Gotobed, Vincltor. ]>nnmcla.
Sixth Race— Andrlsa, Winyah, Yellow Tall.
CLOSE OF THE
STORY OF THE
SHARPSHOOTER
Death of Capt. Theo
dore T. Watt.
SHIP AND HEALTH SHATTERED
HEROIC BATTLE ON THE GALE-
SWEPT SEAS.
Never Recovered From the Loss of
His Bark and Died leaving
His Family in Pov
erty.
The end of a life's weary voyage and
an unusually sad story came when Cap
tain Theodore Thomas Watt died at his
residence, 540 Chestnut street, last Satur
day.
Something- over two years have passed
since the most dreary wreck of a craft in
ballast came creeping into this harbor.
All of her upper spars and most of her
lower ones, for that matter, had parted
from her,, and a couple of jury-masts, on
which hung several jury-sails, composed
her rig. She was neither ship bark nor
brig, and old sailors shivered at the
thoughts of what had been Her expe
rience out at sea. Her hull was stained
with iron rust, and the grass grew
long amid the beds of barnacles that
covered the hulk below the water line.
The vessel was the little English iron
bark Sharpshooter, and Captain T. T.
Watt stood on her tiny quarterdeck. By
his side was his wife and three little
children. For weeks they had fought
their way through a fearful storm on the
Mexican coast. Days and nights had
followed each other while the gale swept
around them, beating the spars out of the
bark, drifting here and there over the
tempest-lashed billows. How nobly Cap
tain AVatt had struggled for his ship and
family— his all on earth— the shattered
hulk and awkwardly rigged jury masts
and yards told well. Some steamer had
found the Sharpshooter floundering like
a lame duck in the long swells off the
Mexican shores and dragged her into
port, a pitiful spectacle of wreck, a
broken down captain, a weary wife and
three small children gazing solemnly over
The luck of Captain Watt by no means
came back with his miraculous rescue at
sea. Something went wrong with the in
surance on his all but wrecked bark, and
the poor Sharpshooter lay at her anchor
in the bay a melancholy picture for
months. Finally he disposed of the hulk
and moved his family ashore. The ves
sel was repaired by her new owners, J. t .
Cunningham & Co.. at an expense obout
equal to her total value, and sent to sea
in barkentine rig.
Watt never appeared to recover from
his misfortunes, and the splendid courage
that nerved him to rig jury masts and
yards and save his vessel from the fury
of a Mexican gale seemed to leave him.
The storms that wrecked his vessel shat
tered his health, and he grew weaker un
til his life voyage ended.
He was a native of Newfoundland,
aged 49 years. Mrs. Watt, the heroine of
the Sharpshooter, and the three liitle
children of the wreck survive him.
SHELL. MOUND TARGETS
WERE WELL PUNCTURED
GOOD SHOOTING UNDER TJNFAV-
Oit^BLE CONDITIONS.
A. H. Pape Exceeds His Last Year's
Score on the Columbia Target
by Six Points.
A good day's sport was had at the
Shell Mound ranges yesterday, and some
remarkably fine scores resulted, though
the weather was not favorable to good
shooting on account of the variable wind.
On the Columbia target A. H. Pape
beat his last year's record by six points,
he now having 440 points to his credit.
Following are the scores:
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, F. Schuster,
435; first class, not won; second class, J. Gef
ken, 375; third class. H. Stelling, 378; fourth
class, D. Saltield, 347: first best shot, August
Jungblut, 24; last best shot, John Utschig,
23.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club— Experts. F.
E. Mason. 66; F. O. Young, 68; A. H. Pape.
73. Sharpshooters, J. E. Gorman, 76; M. J.
White. 137. Marksmen, G. Morinel, 79; E. N.
Moor SI; Mrs. White, 121; A. W. Tompkins,
128; Mrs. Waltham, 139; J. F. Twist, 164; Mra.
Manuel. 177.
Gllndeman All-Comers' Rifle' Medal— A. H.
Pape, 42, 42, 43; F. O. Young. 62, 71.
Members' Rifle Medal— G. Manuel, 94, 109.
Columbia target, 50 yards, pistol range—Ex
perts, J. E. Gorman, 3s; Dr. Rodgers, 42; A.
H Pape, 44; C. M. Daviss, 48; I<\ O. Young,
54; M. J. White, 55. Sharpshooters, F. E. Ma
son, 49. Marksmen, Mrs. George Mannel, 59;
J. T. Twist, 102; Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 103.
Siebe Pistol Medal— C. M. Daiss, 42, 51.
Daiss' all-comers and Jacobson's medal for
22 and 25 rifles— George Mar.nel, 24; Mrs. C. F.
Waltham, 49; J. T. Twist, 62.
Norddeutscher monthly bullseye shoot— D.
Salneld, 148; G. Schulz, .373; F. Schuster. 441;
Captain L. Siebe, 616; A. Hohlmann, 69«; O.
Lemcke, 1005; J. D. Heise, 1064; W. Garms,
1109; A. Meyer, 1140; J. de Wit, 1150; L. Brune,
1453; F. Rust. 1463.
Independent Rifles' monthly medal shoot — H.
Frederickson, IS; C. Frederlckson, 27; C. Iver
sen, 29: J. H. Kuhlke, 36: H. Kuhlke, 33: Cor
poral C. J. Staude, 31; C. Gilborsen, 24; W.
Lindecker, So; Sergeant George W. Mitchell, 40;
H. Marzolf. 23; H. Felix. 29: Corporal P.
Schontng. 41: Corporal G. B. Worthlngton, 30;
J. Donovan, 9; H. Gaetjen, 40; E. Helmke, 30;
Sergeant H. Feyge. 34: H. Gaetjen Jr., 20: Q.
Kellenberger, 35; Sergeant H. Sehliehtmann. 31:
F. H. Laun. 27: H. Wllkens, 11; Corporal I.
Stang, 10: Sergeant C Andrews, 37; Lieutenant
E. Moenning. 3S; Sergeant C, H. Kornbeck, 32;
Lieutenant John Staude; 3T; H. Staude, 3S.
Germania Schuetzen Clul> in monthly medal
shoat— First champion class, J. Utschig, 446:
second champion clnss. F. Rust, 356; first class,
E. Goetze. 3SS; second class, William Goetze,
382" third class, H. Lilkendey. S'f. : best first
shot. J. Utschig, 2-4; best last shot, I). Sal
fleld. 25.
Bushnell medal— Dr. L. O. Rodgers, -Ti; J.
Utschig, 219; D. B. Faktor, 215; F. P. Schuster,
Competition for cash prizes— J. Utschig. 73;
D. B. Faktor. 73; Dr. Rodgers, 72; E. H.Goetie,
72: F. Schuster, 70.
The Glindeman and Schweitzer medal
for the best center was won by Qustav
Schulz with a score of 373. This is only
for the day. however, as tho highest
score of the year will win the beautiful
trophy.
The Junior Order.
Or. the evening of Friday, the "Ist inst.,
there will be a union meeting of the sev
eral councils of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics, when V. S.
Grant Council of this city will be the
host. An elaborate programme is being
prepared. It will include addresses from
several of the most prominent members
of the order and features of music and
song.
This council is advancing satisfactorily.
At the last held meeting there were pres
ent at least fifty members, who were en
tertained and instructed by remarks from
delegates to the State Council.
During the current winter months the
council has v paid monthly an average. of
$250 in sick benefits to Its members a
Abraham Lincoln Council has received
a report to Hie effect that one of its mem
bers at the front with th« California Vol
unteers was recently killed in battle on
the Island of Luzon. An inquiry has been
started and if it turns out that the report
is correct the council will perpetuate his
memory.
The delegates from the different coun
cils are interesting themselves with mat
ters that are- to come before the ap
proaching State Council. There will be
many candidates for the several offices
and the greatest interest centers in the
office? of State councilor and State sec
retary. «*"THAT METALLIC
RING MEANS
MORE MONEY
Prices of Metal Soar
Skyward.
FOUNDRYMEN ARE IN TROUBLE
NAILS AND TIN CANS MAY BE
LUXURIES.
Steel and Iron Higher, While Copper,
Brass and Tin Rise Fifty to
One Hundred Per
Cent.
The recent phenomenal advances In the
prices of the Industrial metals has been
severely felt by the local manufacturers
and who ; esale jobbers. The pressure is
Just beginning- to be felt by the retail con
"""cr *- and it will be appreciated much
more in the near future, when nearly ev
erything in the metal line, from a tin pail,
a pound of nails or a bunch of wire to a
copper kettle, a brass nozzle or a stove.
will cost from 10 to 50 per cent more than
the prices that have ruled for a good
while.
The effects of the advances in the prices
or trw m, t.iis are various and compli
cated. The chief reason for increasing
prices being the higher cost of raw ma
terial, prices of ma- goods will
advance in about t: .::o as the
proportion of cost represented by the raw
material. When la!. or and skill are the
chief element of cost, prices will ad
vance but little. Wire, nails, structural
steel, rough and large castings, etc., will
advance the most.
With Bteel billets soaring to $22 at Pitts
burg, with every mill and forge, sold up
to six months ahead, and with
plates, sheets, etc., difficult to get at the
advanced prices, many people whose busi
ness ■ el materials are in
trouble. Structural material costs $2 a
ton more than on January 1, and builders
must pay the advance.
The difft ; ■ £ a modern office
building or a steel bridge now and three
months ago would amount to a bigr sum.
Those who will suftVr most are contract
ors who had contracts on hand when the
advance came, for which the steel had
not been secured. Th»- lucky ones were
those who had a big steel" supply
tracted for at the old prices. Man;
pie are speculating- as to how the Fnion
Iron Works stand with the advanc
the Scotts are not telling their bus
The advanc- in pig iron is felt by more
people than the advance in steel. This
has jumped $3 and $4 a ton. and
dries of the ell ally the smaller
oni-s. say that they are runni^
There is such keen competitii n I
are afraid I I i their pri ■
creased m^t of iron. They are holding
their trade and waiting for the gradual
nt that must come. The pig
iron situation was thus treated by S. R.
Church, the metal broker:
•'The rise will be felt first by the small
founders, who are generally busy and
. who carry slight stocks. Some "of the
larger concerns have good stocks on hand,
and will benefit by the rise. The bay re
gion consumes about 15.000 tons of pig iron
yearly, exclusive- erf about 3000 tons used
by the Sacramento shops. There is now
on hand about 9800 tons, of Which the
Union Iron Works hold about 2000 tons.
American pig has about displaced Scotch
and English irons here. Half comes from
the List by rail and half by Cape Horn.
The bulk of the supply is from Tona
wanda, X. V. Pig iron here is now at
$20 50 to $22, as compared with $18 25 to
$20 sixty days ago. The furnaces are sold
six months ahead, and there . is every
promise of further advances."
The first advances in prices have natur
ally been made by the jobbers. Stoves
haw- been recently advanced 10 per cent.
A stove that would cost $25 two months
ago will cost $27 50 to-day. The grosser
forms of iron and steel, such as sheet
iron, plates, nails, wire. pipe. etc.. have
advanced in the local wholesale mark- 1
from 30 to 40 per cent over December
prices. Light cast-iron casting, such as
brackets and locks, cost about 10 per
cent more. Galvanized iron has advanc
ed 30 per cent and certain classes of block
iron sheets 20 per cent. The greater ad
vance in galvanized iron is due to the
heavy rise in zinc.
Copper and brass goods are soaring still
higher. Local jobbers quote 22% cents
for copper plates, sold at 14 cents three
months ago. The brass and copper
founders suffer as much as the iron men.
One manufacturer said that prices on
manufactured goods had not risen as
high as they would. Copper pipe was 50
cents a pound, instead of 45 cents, and a
big copper kettle that could have been
bought for $60 before Christmas would
cost $70 now. Ingot copper cost 20 cents
in ton lots here last week, or IS cents In
carload lots, a recent advance of about S
cents. Copper has nearly doubled in
price and simple bra castings, such as
nozzles, are up about 50 per cent.
Then tin goes climbing upward, partly
as a result of the advance in metals and
partly because the new big trust, the
American Tinplate Company, has gained
absolute control. This is going to par
ticularly affect the packers of canned
goods who are the chief consum
ers of tinplate. Local jobbers in tin
plate have advanced prices 50 to 60 per
cent but they do not know what prices
the trust will be pleased to make when it
gets around to that matter. After se
curing control of most of the tinplate
mills the trust ceased quoting prices on
January 1, and has since been getting its
affairs in shape. Since then no pur
chases have been made at the mills.
Local stocks are generally getting low,
though some dealers and canmakers wen?
lucky enough to make good contracts
with Eastern mills before the trust got
them Any additions to the stocks pos
sessed or contracted for before January
have been secured from Eastern jobbers.
The trust has announced that a Pacific
Coast representative will soon be estab
lished here and then prices will be quot
ed Everything awaits the pleasure and
convenience of the trust. No consumer
can now secure an advantageous contract
covering any considerable time.
Afl a general thing, the retailers about
town are afraid to raise prices, and seek
to hold trade by selling their stock on
hand at the old figures and buying as
little new stock as. possible. The market
is demoralized generally, but retail ad
vances for all manner of metal wares will
coon be observed.
Elected New Trustees.
At the annual meeting of the California
Bible Society, held in this? city, the fol
lowing per elected trustee* for
the ensuing year: Annia Merrill. E. P.
Flln' Wi'.iam Abbott. C. S. Wright. T.
r Tihneon D. Gilbert Dext«r, Benjamin
RomS John Thompson and R. P. WII-
Improvements in Eichmond.
Property owners and residents of the
Richmond district are congratulating
themselves on the completion of the sew
erage system on Sixth Seventh Eighth
ami Ninth avenues, and on B. C and D
- That 6 t the city is now
feet sanitary condition, and the dan
geroi an epidemic through bad sewerage
is now obviated.
Athletics Beat Gilt Edges.
SACRAMENTO. March 12.— The San
Francisco Athletics took a fall out of the
Gilt Edge balltosßers here to-day to the
tune of * to 2. The game was a good one
.throughout, and was witnessed by a large
crowd.
Death of John S. Cooke.
CHICAGO. March 12.— John S. Cooke,
president of the Cooke Brewing Company,
and well known among liquor dealers
throughout the West, died of heart fail
ure to-day after a short illness, aged bl
years.
THE PASSING OF
W. K. VANDERSLICE
WK. VANPERSLICE. the well-known jeweler, died yesterday at his
him. on California and Scott streets. Mr. Vanderslice had been an -
invalid for six years and sinc< he suffered an accident which made
1 an amputation of his right leg necessary to save his life.
Four years ago Mr. Vanders'.. ru ken with paralysis. During the
last few (!r:ys he had been hovering between life and death. Though 73 years
ge and crippled, he fought against the universal reaper, but a wasted .
frame and die '• the conqueror at last.
The- rame to California in. 1868, sineo which time he had been ■
prominently Id with the jeweiry business of this city. He was the
■ manufacturer of jewelry in Pan Francisco.
Deceased loaves four children— Milton, Jeanette and Hermine Vanderslice
and Mrs. J. 6. Jo'm -
ALL THESE WOES
WERE DUE TO A
FIEND'S JEALOUSY
Dire Work of Mur
derer Cheeseman.
HUNGER, SICKNESS, DEATH
ANNA BROOK, DAUGHTER OF
THE SLAIN MAN, DIES.
The Mother and Sister Not Expected
to Live — A Sad Case of Desti
tution and Misery in
Oakland.
OAKLAND. March 12.— "When Frank H.
Chees- ■ killed Henry J.
j Brook last August h« robbed a wife and
two .laughters of their only support, and
' to-night one of the 'laughters. Miss Anna
Brook ut 16 years, died of sick- !
starvation. The mother has j
! been suffering from pneumonia the past !
week, win!*- Etta, the other daughter,
whom Cheesi man had attemtepd to mur
'i-r. is also reported v.-ry low to-night.
Mrs. : not expected to live until j
morning.
For several weeks the mother and
daughters have been existing in a small
room at the Oakland House on Seventh
street, between Broadway and Washing- j
ton. This afternoon their case was called ;
to the attention of the police .and Ber
ricalan. when he called at the room
later on. found one of the Baddesi
of destitution and starvation that has ■
bis duty to investigate.
There was not a morsel of food in the
place and the three ocmipants were sick I
' abed. Sergeant Scanlan immediatedly j
notified Mrs. Kelley, superintendent of j
the Associated Charities, but Mrs. Kelley
] informed him that she could do nothing
; under the circumstances, that "she could
recognize no report of any kind outside
: of her office hours."
Word was sent to Health Officer Dr. J.
! P. H. Dunn, who responded willingly and
promptly. He soon arranged fur a Btove
; and fuel to be brought to the room of the
sick woman, sent for medicine and did
everything in his power to alleviat<
1 condition, even to ordering some food. ;
1 shortly after H o'clock to-night Anna
> Brook' breathed her last. Her death be
•■ came known to Mrs. Brook and she went
into convulsions. At midnight her condi
tion is critical.
Etta, the other daughter, is also report
• d Btill very low. Ever since the murder
of Henry J.~ Brook the mother and daugh
; ters have lived in direst poverty. Only j
last month Mrs. Brook appealed to the !
! Supervisors for aid as an indigent. What
little assistance was afforded her did not
ry far toward relieving the destitute ;
I family. ___________
Tries to Kill His Wife.
SANTA CRUZ, March 12.— Henry Is
lecker was placed in jail last night to be
i examined as to his sanity, lie had been
thr atening to commit HUicido. His wife '
tried to take a gun away from him. One
barrel was discharged. She ran out of
'■ the house and h» fir. i tbe other charge at
the shot <■ >ming so close that she
was powder burned. isieckT was for |
1 some years nightwatehman at Capitola.
Flees From Kindly Creditors.
PHOENIX. Ariz., March 12.— Diligent
i Inquiry is being made for Charles 11.
) Reibling. a grocerymar. who left here last
■ Thursday night under an impression that
! his affairs were In a bad way. On the
j contrary it has been shown that his lia
bilities are small compared with his as
and he has a dozen friends who want
to "put him on his feet." Among them is i
his heaviest creditor.
Danish-Abyssinian Syndicate.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1569, by James Gor
don Bennett.
COPENHAGEN, March 12.— Prince
j Henri de Orleans, who is a guest of the
Prince and Princess Waldermann, is, I
believe, here in order to obtain sufficient I
capital to enable him to start a Danish- j
Abyssinian commercial syndicate some
thing like the French-Abyssinian syndi- :
cate already existing.
■*
i Anarchists Caused the Explosion.
PARIS, March 13.— F>laire cr-nfirms the j
report that the Government inquiry re- j
raiding the explosion of the naval pow
der magazine at La Gonbran has shown I
that it was not of accidental origin, and
much credence is now given to the rumor
that It was an anarchist outrage.
New Smallpox Cases.
LOS ANGELKS, March 12.— Two new
cases r>t smailpox have developed here
since the last report. One if that of a
motorman on the Maple-avenue division
of the Los Angeles Street Railroad, and
the other that -of a lodger in the Manhat
tan Lodging-house on Broadway, between
First and Second streets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
FRANK BEHNE
FAILS TO GO BY
THE GAS ROUTE
Made Grand Prepara
tions to Die
DISCOVERED OPPORTUNELY
REFUSES TO GIVE INFORMATION
ABOUT HIMSELF.
Had Addressed Envelopes to Four
Women in Los Angeles,
but He Wrote No
Letters.
A man giving his name as Frank
Behne attempted to commit suicide at the
Mariposa House, 116 ft Mission street, early
this morning.
At 12:30 the landlady of the house de
tected a strong odor of gas, and upon
making an investigation found the door
of Behne's room locked, the transom fas
tened down and the keyhole stopped up.
Breaking into the room they found Behne
on the bed unconscious and the gas escap
ing from all the jets.
At the Receiving Hospital he recovered
sufficiently to speak, but refused to tell
why he tried to take his life. He stated
that he had a good reason for wishing to
die. but would not giv. that reason.
Before turning on the gas the would-be
suicide had addressed four envelopes as
follows:
Mrs. A. W. Barrett. 1007 Burlington
street. L<>s Angeles, Cal.
Mrs. J. Mullb^rry, 115 Requena street,
Los Angeles.
Mrs. Mary William?, 1381 East Twenty
! first street. Los Angeles.
Mrs. Capen Ellis, 539 Wolfskin avenue,
Los Angeles.
No letters were found, and it is sup
posed that Behne changed his mind
about writing them after having first
prepared the envelopes. From the deter
mined manner in which he keens his
■ I it is thought that he has som»
urgent reasons for his desire to destroy
himself. Behne appears to be fairly in
telligent, is well <ir"ss« ! and a man of
middle age. He insists thru he desires to
die, but will not give any information
: about himself. H>^ will recover.
Death of Johnny Griffin.
NEW York. March 12.-Johnny Grif
nn, the "Braintreo lad," in his day one
of the eleverst feather-weight fighters in
the world. <lied in a West Sixtieth-street
boarding-house to-day. His- body Is now- ;
in the Morgue and unleu some of his '
friends care for it. it is likely to find a
resting place in the potter's field.
Johnny Griffin was born in Braintree,
Mass.. about thirty years ago. He had a ]
long list of victories to his credit, having J
fought such men as George Dixon and
Johnny Murphy.
Copper in Placer County.
AUBURN, March 12.— Placer County has j
entered the lists as a copper producer.
San Francisco men are at work on a
three-foot ledge on A. French's place,
between here and Lincoln. The ore is
rich, containing 55 per cent copper. Ma
chinery in being put up and preparation*
are being made to run it on a large
scale. Twenty men are now employed.
Buiiui-g a Large Filter.
NILES. March 11.—T he Spring Valley
Company has put on a force of men num
bering about 100 near Sunol building ]
a large filter, which, with the tunnel, will •
reach nearly from Sunol to Niles. I; la
expected the force will be increased to !
2(X) men shortly, and even with this num- !
ber it will lake about nine months to fin- !
ish the work.
The Khalifa Has Leprosy.
LONDON. March 13.— The Cairo corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph says that
he learns that Khalifa Abdullah, the j
Dervish ruler in the Soudan, is suffering;
from leprosy, which he contracted a few
years ago through taking unto himself >
the wife of a black Emir, who has since
died of leprosy.
Death of a Prominent Mason.
URBAN A, 0., March 12.— Charles C.
Keefer died here to-day, aged 73 years.
He had occupied all the high offices in the
Grand Lodge of Mason and Grand Com
mandery-Knights Templar of Ohio since
: nd at the time of his death was
Grand Secretary of the Grand Chapter of
Ohio, R. A. M. He attained the thirty
third degree in 1575.
Gymnast Frank Gilfort Dead.
NEvv' YORK. March 12.— Frank Gilfort,
one of the Gilfort brothers, well known
circus gymnasts, died to-day at Orange,
N. J. He Injured his kneecap some years
ago and a few weeks ago blood poisoning
set in and his leg was amputated on
Wednesday. He was born In 1547.
M'FARLAND BEAT
THE MOTORCYCLE
Too Fast for Fourniei^s
Tandem.
MAKES A GREAT SPRINT
ONE MILE IN 1:35 AGAINST A
HEAVY WIND.
: Hardy Downing Wins the Mile Pro
fessional Event From Good
man and Lawson at San
Jose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 12.— The bicycle
races this afternoon were run in a
howling northwest gale, but were a
success both In point of number of
spectators and the time made. The
star features in a local way were an
exhibition half mile by Otto Zeigler
and an exhibitioin mile by McFarland.
Neither lowered the world's record, al
though McFarland was announced to
go for the world's mile exhibition time.
While he did not win the coveted honor
he made a magnificent run, and beat
the "infernal" machine, with the
howling wind against him, carrying
clpuds of dust, and with a pace which
was far and away too slow. He made
the mile in 1:35.
This was the last event on the pro
gramme, and two or three laps had to
be made on the third-of-a-mile track
before the "infernal" machine, ridden
by Fournier and Stevens, could get up
steam. When the word was given they
were off at a magnificent burst of
speed. It was not believed McFarland
could hang on to the machine, but he
did. In the final lap the machine could
not respond to McFarland's calls of
"Faster," so on the stretch he rode
around it and beat it out. McFarland's
time at the laps was: :30 1-5, 1:02, and
for the mile 1:35.
Zeigler in his half mile exhibition
was not able to drive the machine, and
was about two yards behind at the fin
ish. Time, :49 3-5. It was a beautiful
race, and Zeigler did well. He had
had but three days' training, and this
marks his return to the track. He ex
pects to go East from here.
In the ten-mile lap race ten started,
but only six finished. The pace was
hot, and Fredericks, Nawn and Charles
Turville were far ahead of Lawaon,
Clem Turville and Julius.
The results were as follows:
One-mile open professional, paced by
tandem— l 'owning won, Goodman second,
Latrsdn third: time. 2:11 1-5.
Mile exhibition by "infernal" marhino.
ridden by O. Stevens and Mons. Four
nier; time, 1:35.
Half-mile exhibition, paced by "infer
nal" machine— Otto Zeigler; time, 49 3-5.
Two-mile multicycle handicap — Down
ing and Cotter won, with 125 yards;
Julius and Lawson second, with 173
yards; "Baby"" Gibson third, with 300
yards. Time. 3:591-5.
Ten-mile lap race— Charles Turville
won. Fredericks second, Nawn third;
time. 25:11.
The prizes were awarded according to
the points won— that is the laps— and the
points were as follows: Ctiarles Tur
ville, 55; Fredericks, 54; Nawn, 46; Law
son. 20: Clem Turville. 11.
One mile exhibition for mile record by
McFarland, paced by infernal machine.
Time, 1:35.
CYCLE CLUB TOURS
ARE WELL ATTENDED
BIG PARTY OF BAY CITY'S AT
CAxflP TA.YLOB,
Olympic Wheelmen Celebrate the
Completion of Their New Track.
Jockeys' Race From Oak
land to San Jose.
The cycling season opened yesterday,
and was marked by two of the biggest
runs held by the local clubs in some
time. The Bay City Wheelmen took 51
members to Camp Taylor. The good,
roads and cool weather made the run
very delightful, and the men were agree
ably surprised to find a substantial meal
awaiting them at their destination. The
place has heretofore been noted for its
pour treatment of cyclists, but a new
management has overcome that diffi
culty. The following members, attended
the ride, which covered over 30 milc3 all
told:
President Emil F. Fahrbach. Captain A. J.
Menne. E. N. freigh, E. J. Bangs. George P.
Caldwell. Harry Larktn, H. W. Welch. Fred
Boeckman, Henry L. Day, George Stangen
berj?er James Watters, R. P. Phillips, Jules
P. Hancock. J. M. Nye Jr.. A. E. Nye. F. W.
Smith. W. C. Hofen. A. Hubert, Ed Hennlng,
W B. LongTvill, Charles Reuser. Charles Schil
ling. R. J. Black, V. Fell. Dr. Gabno, I. R.
Lind. W. Stevens. Honorable Frank H. Dunne.
C, V Husar, R. Stevens. E. Fleming. Theo.
C. I>od(fe. Walter D. Sheldon, M. C. Ramb.i,
V. Drisroll. Ira Chapman, Walter McDonald,
John McDonald. Archie Reid. Arthur E. Da
vidson. Horace P. Howard. Zerah Y. Howard.
H Hennings. W. J. Stange, H. W. Spalding.
Captain Snillane led a party of 45
Olympic Wheelmen to the beach and
back by way of Ingleside to the club's
outdoor grounds, where a new bicycle
track has recently been constructed. A
picnic lunch was pervod there, and the
men spent the remainder of the after
noon trying their sprinting- abilities upon
it. The only actual race was a match
between Charles Albert Adams, James
\V. Mullen and F. G. Montealegre, which
was won by Mullen in 6:22 for the mile.
A half-mile foot race on the cinder path
was won by George Fuller, George James
second. Harry Cosgriff third. Captain
Splllane and Captain Menne say that
judging from the large attendance and
enthusiasm of yesterday's runs tour
ing cycling will probably be much in
favor this year.
A match race on bicycles was ridden
from Oakland to San Jose yesterday
morning between some of the prominent
jockeys at the track. The starters were
Piegott, "Skeets" Martin. Cash Sloan,
Thorpe. Rutter. Eddie Jones, Shields,
Cray and Fremont Sloan. Piggott and
Martin were paced, the former having Al
Welnig and the latter Eddie Leonart.
Piggott won. riding the 42 miles In 2
hours 40 minutes; Martin was five min
utes behind him. Shields. Gray and Fre
mont Slnan were last, half an hour later,
and had to buy dinner for the party in
consequence.
Princess Bismarck's Body.
BERI,IX. March 12.— The body of the
late Princess Bismarck will be trans
ferred to-morrow from Varsln to Fried
richsrhue, wher on April 1 it will be bur
ied with the body of the Prince in the Bis
marck mausoleum.
Robbed the Collection Box.
BOSTON, March 12.— William A. Dou
cette, 22 years old, was arrested to-day in
St. Cecilia Church on the charge of
', embezzling $4000 from the collection box.
Marked bills placed in the box wore found
on his person.
Senator Jones' Condition.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— Senator
Jones of Arkansas passed a comfortable
day and his physicians to-night said he
was resting quietly.
Away Up.
"Oh, yes, he is a follower of one of the
higher arts."
"Well, he doesn't look it. What does
he do? 1 '
"He is a professional flagpole painter."
■WEATHER REPORT.
<12"th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March I:.'. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
•Sate, as compared with those of the same
date last season, and rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.10 84.58 :^.M
Red- Bluff O.»O 13.32 12.07
Sacramento 0.0") 7.95 8. 56
Pan Francisco fl.Ol Vltt 7.1",
Fresno 0.00 3.78 3.63
San Luis Obispo 0.00 7.20 5.27
Los Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.52
San Diego 0.00 3.71 3.65
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
E5; minimum, 47: mean. 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy from the
central portions of California and Nevada
north and west of the Rocky Mountains. Rain
or snow has fallen over Washington. Oregon,
Idaho, Northern Utah and Western Montana.
The pressure is falling rapidly over Nevada
! and rising along the Washington coast.
High northerly winds are reported along the
Northern California coast, in the Sacramento
Valley and in Nevada.
The temperature has fallen over the northern
portion of thp Pacific Slope and risen slightly
pver the southern portion.
Conditions are favorable for fair, coo! weath
er with brisk north winds in California Mon
day.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. March 13, 1899.
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday:
probably with showers along the extreme
northern coast; cooler in the interior: brisk
to high northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday: brisk to
high north wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with scattering snow squalls
in north portion Monday: cooler.
Utah— Cloudy, with light snow Monday:
cooler.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Partly cloudy
i Monday: brisk to high northwest wind.
Q. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located at the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and GeodPtlc Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both place?.
MONDAY, MARCH 13.
Sun . rises • 6:22
Sun sets • 6:16
Moon sets 5:44 p. m.
...
...
lime time j. 'me uirae
Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. ! Ft.
H W *L W HWj L W
0:13 5.8 6:16 0.4 12:45 5.3 6:24 1.3
.0:49 5.8 7:06 0.2 1:40 ! 4.9 7:03 1.8
1:26 5. 51 8:01 0.3 2:40 4.4; 7:44' 2.3
2:08 5.6 9:01 0.4 3:51 4:1 8:30 2.8
2:54 5.4 10:06 0.5 5:14 3.9 9:30 * 2.8
•*:.-" -2 11:11 0.5 : .6:41 4.0 10:50 3.2
4:45' 4.91 12:26' 0.6 7:50} 4.3 |
Ft.
Ft.
...
...
...!
...
...i
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column selves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Riven are additions to the soundings on the
United State* Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
"teamer.
lamia .......... Humboldt Mar. 13
'oitiona.. Humboldt Mar. 13
Jm&tilla Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 13
rorona ( San Diego IMar. 13
-carina.'...'..'... Seattle ; Mar. 13
)el Norte Grays Harbor Mar. 13
.rcata .Coos Bay Mar. 14
'. Nelson Puget Sound Mar. 14
Vashtenaw Tacoma Mar. M
i.. Blanchard.. Coos Bay Mar. IS
irizaba Newport 'Mar. 15
•■ulton Portland j Mar. 15
Cewburg Grays Harbor -Car. 16
State of Cal Portland Mar. 16
icapulco Panama I Mar. 16
'olnt Arena. ...JPolnt Arena Mar. 16
Corth Fork : Humboldt Mar. 17
■hira ! China and Japan Mar. 17
ianta Rosa San Diego Mar. 17
Vyefleld I Nanaimo Mar. 17
)u'prn Victoria & Puget Sound Mar IS
Veeott Coos Bay. Mar. IS
,*oos Bay Newport Mar. 19
•olon 'Panama Mar. 20
•olumhla Portland Mar..
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
"go* Bay... [Newport Mar. 13, 9 am Pier 11
-hllkat ....Humboldt..... Mar. 13, 9 amPler 13
"olumbla .. (Portland Mar. 14, 10 am Pier 24
Pomona ...Humboldt Mar. 15, 2 pmiPler 9
.orona (San Diego Mar. 15, 11 amlPler 11
Vloha Point Arena.. I Mar. 15. 3 Pier 2
Areata 'Coos 8ay...... Mar. 18. 10 am Pier 13
Irizaba .... Newport Mar. 17, 9 amlPier 11
Hongk'g M. China & Japn'Mar. 17. Ipm PMSS
•matllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Mar. 17. 10 amlPler 9
_. Blanch'dlCoos Bay Mar. 17, 5 pm Pier 13
Vcapulco ..I Panama...... Mar. 18, 12 mi PMSS
't Arena. .(Point Arena.. l Mar. IS. 3 pmiPler 2
State of CaliPortland...... Mar. 19, 10 am Pier 24.
Santa RosalSan Dif.n . .. Mar. 19. 11 amjPier 11
2 Nelson. .lPuget Sound.. Mar. 19 !
CVecott lYaquina Pay. 'Mar. 20. 5 Pier 13
Steamer. I
I Destination. I
SHIPPING INTEIXIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. March 12.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 27 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 13 hours from Fort
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson. 27^ hours from Eu
i reka. Alliance. Hardwick. 5 days from Port-
Stmr Alliance. Hardwiok. 5 days from Port
i land, via Coos Bay and Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 31 hours from
Crescent city. _• ,
Ptmr Aloha, Jon?en*en, 10 hours from Point
Arena, bound south; put in to land passengers.
Ship Santa Clara, Lindberg. 13 days from
Comox, via Clallam Ba- 10 days.
Si hr Glen. Nielson, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Monterey. Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing. _. ,
Schr Reliance, Nordling. 15 hours from Finks
Mill. _
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, 7 days from Coos
Bay. „
Schr Mildred, Kindlen, 17 days from Ka
j hului. • ,<-.
I Schr Lizzie Prien. Hansen. 6 days from Co
qullle River. . .
Schr OttlUle Fjord. Segethorst, 13% days fm
Hana.
SAILED.
Sunday, March 12.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.
Strar Willamette. Hansen. Nanatmo.
Srmr Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and
Pupet Sound.
Stmr Newport, Humphrey, Seattle.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson. Honolulu.
Br bark Brunei. Milne. Vancouver.
Schr Maxim. Olsen. Caspar.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Mar 12, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Mar 11— Br stmr Manau
ense. for Honolulu; stmr City of Topeka, for
; Alaska; stmr Chas Nelson, for San Francisco;
strrr Waahtenaw, for San Francisco.
I GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 11— Schr Re
porter, for San Francisco.
POINT. ARENA— Arrived Mar 12— Schr J
Epplnger, hence Mar 9.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Mar Schr
Comet, from San Pedro; schr F S Redfield, fm
San Pedro. i '
NEAH BAY— Passed in Mar 11— Stmr Lee- .
lenaw, hence Mar S for Seattle.
PORT ANGELES— CIeared Mar 11— Ship
Standard, for Port Townsend; bark Undaunt
ed, for Puget Sound.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Mar 12— Bark Un
! daunted, for Chemainus.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Leelanaw, .'
hence Mar 8.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Signal, fm !
Grays Harbor. • ». ;
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 12— Stmr Chas Nel- !
! Bon. for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Mar Schr
' Comet, from Pert Townsend. :
Sailed Mar 12— Schr Orient, for San Fran- I
TACOMA— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr Victoria, fm
NEAH BAT— Passed out Mar 12— Stmr Wash
i tenaw. from Tacoma for San Francisco.
i Passed in Mar 12— Etmr Mackinaw, hence Mar
I 9 for Tacoma. '
I PORT TOWNSEND— Mar 12— Br ship
Scottish Hills, for Puget Sound. 11— Br ship
Iranian, from Tacoma for Queenstown; schr
Azalea from Port Gamble for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSENB — Passed Mar 12— Stmr
Victoria, from Hongkong for Pugei Sound. .
Passed out Mar 12— Stmr Chas Nelson, from
Seattle for San Francisco. />-;
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar U— Br ships
Drumeralg and Scottish Hills, from Port
Tow.nsend: schr F S Redfield. from San Pedro,
schr Lyman D Foster, from Port Blakeley.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. :.  %
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 12— Stmr La Bre
taßne. from Havre.
Sailed Mar 12— Stmr Alsatia, for Annies.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Alar 12— Stmr Fenn
land, from Philadelphia.,
Sailed Mar 12— Stmr ' Campania, for New
York.
S^\. Dr. Cfibl)on ? s Dispensary,
A^^kJßi 625 KEAR.W «T. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, !
625KEABXYST, Kst-ibllsherJ
In 1854 for the treatment of Private ■
Eat*. mgS Diseiuo'-s, Lost Manhood. Debility or i
m&s SEtSf-Mk riiscasov.- earing on body and mind j
teS»63rat^**l Still Diseases. Tbedociorcnreswh^u i
others fail. Try him. Charges low I
rwiTKrrirH I'nrr- r" "-" — '"-—« Caliorwrite.
J»r. J. 1"- •i!BUO.\. Box !'J37.Sau Francisca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h^ Steamers leave Broadway ;
gjjb^^ wharf. San Francisco:
Sv^hv F " r Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
fflKJl^ Mar. 12 ' 17. -■ 2T; Apr 1:
: KKwI change at Seattle. -. i- ■■',.-■%:
BCvljAl F r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fl^gL^gga&i B>- Port Townsend. Seattle. i
" Wh Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea i
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
I'tr.". •'■_>■ 10 .a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. 22, I
27: Apr. 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to tnls company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. P.y. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Mar. j
10, 15. 20, 25, 30; Apr. 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa . Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, |
j Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), :
Gavicta. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. \
i Pan Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and :
I Newport, 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; Apr.
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diefro. stopping: only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anjreles). 11 a.
m.. Mar 11. 15, 19. 23. 27, 31; Apr. 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del i
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia |
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Mar. 10;
April 6. 
For fuither information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. B. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE - I ' 2 ftrst «-ias<» Including Uerth>
IfAnC SS Second Class and Meal-t
Columbia sails March 14. 24: April 3. 13. 23.
State of California sails March I), 23; April
S. 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ■
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
-.^\:r ■•-..■.' 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
f m^m*M*M B. 'S. • alameda
nttfjaySSj yalls via Honolulu aid
iwPflilill Auckland for Sydney
y^^ Wednesday, March 22,
5. • — p*\ at 10 p. m. Australia
v MD3m?hinr) The S. S. Australia
G)tCallljlll r ' cy . sails for Honolulu
fOlTlAfWtr- Wednesday, April 5.
VWIIIJ^UItq at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez, |
England, etc. • $810 first class. . r -
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
• DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS V. s^a, |
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <CT.f£zr\ '
lat 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «P«ga» ;
I River, foot of Morton street. . .
i LA BRETAGNE : March IS
i LA TOURAINE ..March 25
LA NORMANDIE April 1 '.
' LA CHAMPAGNE .....April »
! LA BRETAGNE ....: April 15
First class to Havre. $65 and upward. 5 per ;
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
i Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
i GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES ;
AND CANADA. 3 Bowline Green. New York. !
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, |
6 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COP.- j
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for j
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at i
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and \
i connecting at Hongkong with steamers for !
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
or sailing.
HONGKONG MARU Friday. March 17
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 12
AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 8 ,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For »
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARI3.
\ From New York Every Wedn?sday. 10 a. m. !
St. Paul.... February Tt [St. Paul.. March 15 ,
St. Louis March 1 St. Louis March 23
RED STAH LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 1! noon.
Kensington Feb'y lSlSouthwark March S ;
j Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March IS I
' Friesland March l!K*n*lr.gton — March 2J !
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Mi-had, Dawson City.
j For lull information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
10 Montgomery St.. • ny of Its agencies
BAY AND RIVER ST^AIrTERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." .
Mon., Tue3., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a. |
m.. J:IS, S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays I
: 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. in. j
Landing and office. Misslon-nt. Dock. Pier No. - t
1 Z. Telephone. Main ISOS. '<"
FARE Mo
' RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
AtmflJL EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
IRI Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
— —
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPER 3.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS. i
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY i*i DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leave* San Francisco dally a: l p. m.
§D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Fe/'v.
FROM SAN- FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY \
AND SAN RAFAEL. . \
WEEK DATS— *7:20. •9:30. 11:00 a. m.: r .«l:«V
! t:4o. 15. *6.00. 6:30 p. m. '
I EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon- ;
days Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:*> p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. '10:00. '11:30 a. m.; -lvi. ;
1:00. «4:30. 6:15 p. m.
• Trains marked • run to San Quentln. ,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■ WEEK DAYS— S:23. "6:35. -7:43. '3:30 a. m.;
•12:*0. 2:20. C 45. 5:05 p. m.
i EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesday*
! and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. - __ . -
i SUNDAYS— 6:20. *8:00. • *10:00. ni:» a. m.;
•1:15. »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m. •;
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— R:4S. 645. 7:56. 9:40 a. m. ;
! 12:5.-. 2:45. 8:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 n. a -m.: l-:05. 1:20. 3:M.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:03 a. m.: l*:0a. 1:20. 3:20.
»:«0. 1:20 p. ™ HRODGH TRAINS - • >.
1-10 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
■I'M r m.- Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. • .,,''
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta'a.
RAILROAD TRAVEL^ _^^
HOIITIIKR!! r*IIFIC CO3IPASI.
(PACIFIi; SVMTItSC.)
Troln. I«iit« »ii<l »r« «lti«* «o arrive »•
M.4M VKASViSV**. '-■ .7 »V
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
mats - Pbom Deo. 18, 1898. - AKunrii
•8:00 a Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... *S:lsa
7:<>O.v Beulcia, Suisun and Sacramento 3:13f
-:O«a M&rysTiUe, Orotilleaud Ksddiug »ia
Woodland - 5:4»r
7:OOa. Elmlra, VaoaTille and Eumsey »:4or
7:30 a Martinez, San Ksir.on. Vallejo. Napa,
Oslintoga und Santa Rosa 11:1
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogileu and Kurt.. S:13»
• i3»a San Joss. LtTermore, Mtocktoii.
lone, Saorarueuto. Plac^nille.
MarysTiilr, Chlco, Ueil Hhlß 4t»5».
«:.lOa # Miitou, Oalcdaleand Jamestonn... . 4:13*
OtOO a Martinez, Tr»cy, Lathrop, Stockton.
Merced and Fresno 12:1»»
«:OOa Fresno, Uakerslicitl, Santa l!arl>ara.
Los Acgelea, DemlDg, Xl Pago,
New Orleans aud East 6:43»
• 1 0:00 v V»ll«Jo. Martinez and War Station! 7:48»
IIi:UOM Nilus, LiTermore, Stockton. .Sacra-
mento, Menduta, Hanford, Visalla,
PonerrUle 4:18*.,
•I:OOr Sacramento K(ver Steamer* *S:OOr
4:OOp Martinez. Han Itamon, Vallejo,
Napa. Calistoß*. Santa Uosa »:1»»
4:OOr Benlcia, VacaTUle. * Bacraiueuto,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarysTiUe, Orotllle 10:43* .
• iSOrMlea, San Jose and Stockton 7:15*
»:O<*1» San Francisco and Los Ang;ies
Limited Fresno. Bakersfield, Lua
Angelas 9:43*.
0:30p Stockton, Merced, Franuo. 12:13#
■ St3OF Martinez, Trioy. ifendoU. Fresno.
M(«J»t«, Santa Barbara end ' -,*
Angeles »:43^^
16: OOF Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. «c
iac-jla. Chicago «sd East |»:45J1
• iSnr fl»iit» i<- i> . ■ - -.-,•••.*••>
for MoJh»b himl K»«S ''\- r
6:0 Or Knropeitii MhII. <r .le» and Kaa*.... »«»a
8:OOp Haywarda, Niles and San Joss 4 '\' K
•«:OOi> Vallejo ••■••• ■ • • • • 1 2: 3 ?
t7tOOF Vallejo, Port Cost* and Way Bta-
tlona .' • •• *•»■■•
• :(Mlp Oregon KxrirMß.Miiermiieiito. Marys-
till*., RmMUic I'urUanil. I'nget
Bound and Rast gi «»*
«tO:OSp Sunset Llml'.-d. Fresno l.oi
Angeles, El Pa»o. New Orleans
an." East 61:<3»
""SAN JiEAMIKO A.n"|» HHWAItIIN 1,O!AI-.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~" \ llelro'f, Senilnnrr I'ark, ?
.. 00 . Klti'hbnnr. Klmhnriif, 0t4«4
<»'oo'a 8«u Leamlrn, South Sam ««'J:4.-J4
10.oi»a Um4re, V^fudlllo, !2 l ls*
|ll:i)iii i Lorenzo, Cherry ■ l»? 1 ,* p
:«:«Or nn<l i£ S Js«
»:««P llajrr.tr.l*. , ?£Z
7:« Op | « Buna through to Nile* ' .7-
-) x Prom Nile*. I _^
" COAST IMVIoION (Narrow (innare).
: (Foot of Market Street.' ■_■ I
Si 1 5 a Newark,OntorTille, Pan .Jose, Feiton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruzand Way • -
Statiuuv.'. • ••••• 5t3 «»
1 •«:I3p Newark, Oentemlle, San Jose, New
AlmadsD, Felton. noulcler Creek.
Santa . Cruz and l'rindpal Way •
Station M .? l^2
4:1.1p Newark. Han Jose and Los Gatos... »:-Oa
(11:45p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and „!'-
- SUtio--s t'- 20 »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtm SiS FRANCISCO— T»ti or Market Strett (Sli? 8)—
•7:15 9:00 U:0()».u. tl:00 *2:33 >3:0» .
■ •4:00 tB:0O *8:30 p.M.
fr«BO»EUNB— r««t tf Brudirsj:— -<I:CQ 8:00 10:00*.*.
tl2:00 '1:03 $3:00 «3:30 t<-.C3 < s:C3r.it.
COAST IMVISION (ItroaiHiauge).
(Third tii.J Tov.-im«i.-i Sta.) ____-.
7:OOa San .lose an.l \V»j .StHtL.iis (New "
Aliuaden Wmliieatlaynonly) 1!WI
•iO»* Han Joan, Traej riims. H.uit.i Cruz,
l'aclric <Jr«i»o. I'aA" ilnbles, San
l.uls Oliispii. (iiiad»!>ipe, Surf and •
Principal; Way Stations A .in
10:10* BanJoMxmi Way Stations u"+l
ll::tOA B»nJ»se an.l Way Stations ■'■ J *'.
•a:lsr.San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .!<>«,
Uilr.iy, Holliatcr. SanU Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and raclile
r , )V( , ' ... ' MOirina .
•ai!top San Jose au.V Way Stations *S:2S*
• l:13r San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations ••«*
•3:OOr Sao Jose and Principal Way Stations %■}**■
3:»0p San Jose ami PHncipal Way SUtJons 5 = ■•<>»'
«::i«p Sail Jose and Wny Stations L':V' r
}ll;4ap 3an Jose ami Way Stationg i-.SQr
A for Homing. P [or Afternoon. .
•SmiHn»s excet'ted. : Sanaays only. ♦ Saturdays only
and Thursdays. nTn<-.-days and Saturday*.
I3aturdnvsand WeJnf aJays. 6Tbmsdt?B and sumiays. .
CILIFOINIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO. ■
LiSSSEH
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACiRO
-V RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIj.
WEEK DAYS— 7:SO, 6:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12: tV
3:30 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trljß
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:6*
and -11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:80, 3:34,
8:00 6:20 p. m. ■--' ' '"
' SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
VTEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:SO, 9:50, 11:10 a. m. 13:« L
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
I:SC and 6:83 p. m.
BUND AYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, S:4flt.
B"00 6:25 p. m.
Between San Vrano'.sco and Schueteen FarM
jams schedule as above. j:
Leftvo • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ! San Francisce. '.
Z. ■ October 15.
Week I Sun- IS»3. Sun- j Week
Day,?. ' Days. Destination, days. I days.
*7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 1:40 am
I: SO pm 9:30 am 1 Petaluma 6:10 10:26 am
1:10 pm 6:00 prr. Santa Kosa, 7:2; pm 6:-2 pa
Fulton.
t:IO am Windsor. 10:25 am;
nealdsburg,
Lytton.
Oeyservills.
1:30 pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:31 pa
Hopland and
T:SO am Ukiah. 7:35 pm] 6:22 prr»
7:80 am ' ' ~ jIO:2S «
8:00 am Ourneyvllle. 7:3 a pm
8:30 pm ) *■-- P».
7:83 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ami
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pml Glen Eiiea. 6:10 pm 6:22 pn»
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 110 :25 an
8:30 pm! 5:00 pmj 7:35 pml 6:22 pta-
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .West
• Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Ge7^
aerviile for Ska^gs Springs; at Cloverdale tot
i the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Spring)!.
i Highland Springs. Kelee^-ille, CariFba*
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bart'.ett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga.
Bprlngs, Blue LaV.es, Laurel Dell Lake. V. ".te?
fcprings. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter \ alley..
John Day's. Riverside. Licr'ey's. Bucknella,
Panhedrin Heights. Hullville. Booneville, On'»
Hot Springs. Mend'>cino Ctty. Fort Brass.
Westport. 9»al, Wlllttt*. Laytonvlile, Cum-
! mine's, Bell's Spring*, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.'
i £ ta and Eureka.
i Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a*
i reduced rates. round trip tickets to all point*
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
I Ticket Offices. CoO Market st., Chronic!* bids.
HC. WHITING, .-:-: : R. X. RYAN.
' JSeneral Manager. Gen. Pass Agent»
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves £a^
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. ©very SUNDAY, TUES.
DAY. FRIDAY^ >
: Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th*
following: Thursday. Saturday-
and Tuesday -Arriving' in Nevt
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
«nd Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR.ObV
£ervatlon Car and Eleotrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dall*
Overland Express.
SAM - FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE- — SZI MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— J Stoat.
San Jose Offio»— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII?
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
I From Jan. 25, 1539,- trains will run as follow*^
! ■ South-bound. North-bound, I
| Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
I Daily. Exc"ptd - Exc'ptd | Daily. ,
7:20 am!l0:C0 am! Stockton 3:43 pml 6:00 pm
. 9:10 am 2:03 r>m Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pmi
' 10:-i9 ami 5:33 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
! 11-.3S ami 7:43 pm Hani 7:4". am 1:43 pmr
' 2:!5 pm|l2:3o am Dakersfleld 2:CO am 11:00 atrV
11:59 am. 6:25 pin- Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pra
12:15 pm! 6:53 pm! Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 prr^
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of Stage and other connection^
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market)
street. San Francisco. ■ -
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. ; ,
(Via : au»ailto erry.) .
Leave San Francisco. coaiflnnciiu SunJ*y,
Sept. 11. 1898: : •;
Week Days— a. »•. 1: *» p. m. „ ■
Bundays-«M. 10: no. U:» a. m.. 1:15 » m.
Bonnd triD from Mill {alley. H. _
THOS COOK * SON, , A Bint* Ol tfutM
street. Ban Francisco. .. ' i ~---~~" *
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
REJOICE THAT
IRE CAMPAIGN
IS ALL OVER
Oniy the Ballots to
Count To-Night.
A CHANCE FOR BUSINESS
SOME CLOSE FINISHES ARE EX
PECTED.
Nothing Lew Has Been Brought Out,
Although Oakland lias Been
in a Ferment for a^
Month.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 12.
A f rr-Ur-ET of satisfaction pervades Oak
lard to-night and everybody is congratu
latincr everybody else that it is a l .! over.
Tr-jr. there is to be an election to-mor
row, but that h- comparatively a minor
affair. I* is the campaign to which the
city objects, i specially such a campaign
ns the one just concluded. Oaklanders
are peculiar i:i one respect. They buy
their Hour and their perfume and their
bread. ;;s a rule, from the man who votes
.bp they do. Society and commerce move
In cliques, and the ma;i with anything at
stake is always on pins and needles at
campaign time. Anonymous circulars,
slanders ami cross calumnies all
have a tail in an Oakland campaign, and
a man's standing, although h< may be
perfectly innocent in the matter, can be
materially altered in twenty-four hours.
These tilings are unpleasant. They dis
normai conditions and justify the
cry of the merchants that there Is
much politics in the city tor the city's
good.
re will be a fr-w months during
which this city can turn its attention to
matters that are of equal mommt with
politics, and which produce more lucra
tive and beneficial results. Such intense
Interest is displayed in politics that every
excuse to organize a "campaign" is eager
ly grasped and used as a justification t"..r
turning the town upside down. Mer
chants are Tired of it, the average citizen
Is tired of it and only the political poli
ticians foster the industry for personal
gain and because they do not want to find
them- ■ of a job. Such cam
paigns, of course, serve to distribute
money, but they bring no new money
here. What would otherwise go into the
legitimate channels of trade Is gambled
on politics, so that in the end a campaign
has had no other effect that to ruffle the
ordinary course <>t events, which are no
better for being ruffled, but probably
worse. Special elections, primaries and
general elections have disturbed Oakland
for over a year and each event has been
accompanied by a "campaign." Now
there appears to be a chance to do a lit
tle business till the summer of next year,
when the question of a successor to Presi
dent McKlnley will engross public at
tention.
To-night, one can any kind of poli
tics he wants. Such supreme confidence
In the rival camps has rarely been
equaled. Mr. Snow and Mr. Davie are
both to be elected Mayor and the same
in statement is made with regard to
the balance of the tickets. Then; is do
denying th.- fact that there Is not a big
margin on either side, so far as the gen
eral city ticket is concerned. If the Re
publicans i-ote their ticket it will win. if
th<=-y split up it will lose. Will the party
hold together? Experience has shown
that sometimes it duet and sometimes it
does not. The party has great hope in
Mr. Snow, as lie has always carried the
of i he party when running: for ten
years for I'ity Auditor. Somehow or
other, there is generally a surprise in
the vote for Mayor, so that on the whole
to-morrow's election is a thing to conjure
with. 1 do not believe there will he a
majority "!' 500 for anybodj running for
the Board of Public Works, which co
of Mayor, City Attorney and City Engi
neer.
Now that half the politicians of the
riiy have been talking against the other
half for over a month. 1 would like to
know what has been accomplished or
who has been enlightened. Mr. Snow was
as well known two years ago as he is to
night, and John L. Davle has been a pri
vate citizen for me pa.-; two years, and
i verything said for it against him now
was said two years ago. when he was run
ning against Mayor Thomas. The same
is true of the other candidates. The only
Issue that 1 can detect has been that oi
personality. Bach faction has tried io
build up by tearing the other fellow down,
and I do not believe the vote to-morrow
will be any different from what it would
have been had it taken place a month
ago. In the meantime, some reputations
been blasted, some enmities engen
that will live to the grave, and
Truth has been blushing since the first
campaign speech was made. But it Is
all over now, and the folly and useless
ness of much of ii must he admitted by
an impartial judge. The ballots will be
counted befon to-morrow'a midnight, the
crow! that Inhabited Broadway at cam
paign timi-s will have returned to that
bourne which will shelter i; until Mazuma
appears once more, and Oakland will
gladly brush the political down from Its
counter and return to business.
Who knows that there was an ami mi
mem t<> the clty'a constitutional law to
be voted for to-morrow? Probably nut a
hundred \ct. is. and certainly no candi
date has referred to it from the public
platform. So much pains have been
taken to invite voters to inspect the
"op'-n book" of candidates lives that ihis
Important amendment has been entirely
forgotten. However, it Is fitting to call
attention to It, for ii affects ihe very
weeds in our gardens. In fact, it aff- eta
nothing else. Jt vails for an expression
of the people regarding the adoption of
a i.?< cm act of the Legislature regulating
tiit- growth of certain obnoxious weeds.
r;k! should be adopted. The amendment
om< what the same relation to the
rest of tin- ticket as the celebrated poppy
bill to the balance of this year's legisla
tion at Sacramento.
For the political reputations of some of
districts of this city it is sincerely to
be hoped that some plan will be found
In Senator Btratton's primary law. If the
act must stand it is to be desired that
all records ol past primaries will never
be brought up for comparison. Fancy a.
Stratton primary in the Sixth Ward, or
the Fourth, or In the fast two years in
the Seventh, How would it compare with
the returns in the Hilborn-Metcalf pri
mary or the Jordan-L«eckle primary, or
nearly every other primary. or with thai
celebrated primary four years ago, when
more Republican (?) votes were cast than
there were people In the ward?
STUART v. BOOTH.
Preachers and the Election.
OAKLAND, March 12.— The municipal
election, which tak.s place to-anorrow,
was touched upon by some of the local
ministers in their preludes to-night Rev.
c If. Hill. )>astor of the Tenth Avenue
F.aptisi Church, in a clear and forcible
manner explained what he considered the
"voter** du'y," while Rev. C. 11. Hobart,
pastor of the First Baptist Church, spoke
interestingly upon "The American King
and His Ballot-box Throne."
"What Our City Needs" was the sub
ject of Rev. E. R. Dille's discourse at the
First M. E. Church to-night. He treated
the topics as apropos of the election and
also In Its general sense. He pointed out
the need of a civic conscience, and said
the good people of the city must be that
conscience,
"We should not be ruled by partisan
ship," continued the speaker, "and we
must not be cajoled by the term inde
pendent. Some who were Populists last
year are Independents to-day and some
Who were Democrats last year are Re
• publicans now. It reminds me of Jaj
Gould, who, when he was in a Demo-
I cratic State was a Democrat; when in
! a Republican State, he was a Republi
jcan; and he was neutral whenever in a
neutral State, but he was for the Erie
Railway always. Beware of political Hes
sians Who are in politics for revenue only
: and always. We should carry our re
ligion into our politics. A man should
go to the ballot box as reverentially ah
• he goes to tin- communion table.
BLIND FIDDLER'S FUNERAL.
Obsequies of James Sutherland, a
Weil-Known Character.
OAKLAND. March 12. -The funeral of
James Sutherland, who died at the home
| of C. Windier, in Redwood Canyon, last
Friday, tooK place to-day. The deceased
was commonly known as "the Blind Fid-
Eor over forty years Sutherland was a
resident of Alamo. la County, coming here
; to be treated for his eyes, which were
iniDaired in a powder explosion in iNe
vada However, he never regained his
M-ht and directed his attentions to
; paiying the violin. He was therefore
Lamed the "Blind Fiddler." and gained
his livelihood playing at dances and
About three weeks ago he was taken
' down with an attack of paralysis, and
' the second stroke, which came on Friday
i last, proved fatal. Deceased was a na
i tive of Nova Scotia, aged 69 years lack
ing one month.
HE HAD TOO MUCH
IRON IN HIS SYSTEM
A NAIL BUBEOWS IN A MAN'S
FLESH FOB FIVE YEARS.
: Its Course Around George Fosters
Body Marked by a Discolored
Streak.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call,
142S Park Street, March 12.
George Foster, an Alameda contractor,
! has had a shingle rmil traveling around
, in his anatomy for nearly five years, un
! til he underwent a surgical operation a
few days ajju and had it removed from
his groin Mr. Foster swallowed the
piece ol nu-taj while engaged in repairing
a roof He imagin.-d the nail had stuck
; in his windpipe ana Cor a time it caused
him much pain. Later it apparently
! passed into the lung cavity, and for a
time Mr. Foster experienced np trouble.
Gradually however, his health tailed and
his case puzzled the physicians. None ol
their remedies afforded him rellei. For
years he suffered excruciating pains,
which gradually changed their location
from the vicinity of the lungs to the re
gion ot the abdomen. Mr. Foster had
forgotten about the nail, until about ten
days ago when his sickness became so
severe that he was forced to take to
bis bed. , ,
Physicians were summoned and upon
examination found a discolored mark ex
tending across Mr. Foster's body trom
the left lung cavity to the region of the
groin. Beneath the skin over the groin
i the discoloration was most pronounced,
and close examination showed that some
hard substance was imbedded in the
1 The physicians decided that whatever
' the substance might be it was the cause
of Mr Foster's illness. The surgeon's
knife was brought into uae and to the
astonishment of the doctors the shingle
nail Bwallowed by Mr. Foster five years
previous was removed. The patient has
improved rapidly since the operation and
is l<> be about again in a tew days.
Two Unfortunates.
OAKLAND. March 12.— Miss Lizzie
T evin aged 28 years, was brought to the
Receiving Hospital to-night a raving
maniac. The young woman resides at
Haywards but has been under treatment
for insanity at Dr. Robinson's asylum in
Uverinore ' for some time. She refuses
to partake of any nourishment. \\ hen
food is brought she locks her jaws and
it is necessary to administer food
through her nostrils. ,
Annie Donivan, aged 13 years, who has
been under the guardianship of Mrs.
Lydia Prescott, was arrested for Insan
ity to-night at 528 Twenty-fourth street
and is detained at the Receiving Hos
pital.
At Oakland Playhouses.
OAKLAND. March 12.— "The Sign of:
the Cross," Wilson Barrets powerful re
ligious and historical drama, will be seen
at tin- Macdonough Theater next Tues- i
day and Wednesday evenings. The play |
Will be presented by the company from
the Lyric Theater. London, where it drew
crowded houses for two years.
At the Dewey Opera there will appear j
to-morrow night the John L. Sulivan I
Comedy Company, headed by the ex
champion himself. The programme will i
open with a musical burletta entitled "A
Trip Across the Ocean," while the second
pan of the programme is a superb olio of j
eight numbers.
Death of Deborah Webb.
OAKLAND, March 12.— Mrs. Deborah A.
Webb, widow of the late Captain Otis
Webb, died at her home in San Lorenzo
to-day after a protracted illness. De
ceased was an old resident of this country
and was held in high esteem. She was a
nattve of New Bedford. Mass., aged 79
years, and leaves three grown-up chil
iip ii John S. Engs. Mrs. Harry \V. Muk
and Edwurd O. Webb.
Liberty Was Brief.
OAKLAND. March 12.— William Leh-j
man. who was released from the City*
Prison to-day after having served six
months fur petit larceny, was arrested
to-night l>y Detective Hodgkins on a
charge of attempting to pass opium into
the City Prison. During four months of
hi- term Lehman acted aa a ■•trusty" In
the Jail.
Must Vote Early.
OAKLAND, March 12.— The municipal
election takes place to-morrow. The polls
will open at 0:16 a. in. and remain open
until b p. m. Commuters whose busi
ness <al!s them to San Francisco should
remember that the safest plan Is for
them to casi their ballots before they
leave the city.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March !-. The Board of
Trustees will hold its regular monthly
m>. ting to-morrow night in the Town
Hall. The chief business will be arrang
ing for the coming municipal election, the
date for which has been set for Anril LO.
Louis Gottschalk has announced him
self as a candidate for the office of Town
Assessor. His name will lie placed upon
the ballot as an Independent.
President Charles K. Thomas, of the
Associated Students of the University of
California, has called a special meeting
of the student body for next Friday
morning at 11:15 o'clock.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. March 12.-r-The outrigger
skiff races of the Alameda Boating Club,
which were to have taken place to-day,
have been postponed until next Sunday.
The executive committee of the Har
monic- Hall Non-Partisan party has es
tablished headquarters in the Peterson
block. Park street.
The Alameda High School Baseball Club
will play a practice game, to-morrow on
the school campus with :i nine from the
College of Physicians and Surgeons. Ban
Francisco.
Order of Pendo.
During the year 1898 this order instituted !
forty-seven councils and Issued fourteen i
hundred certificates. It paid to its mem- I
bers and to beneficiaries $631"> for sick, |
pension and funeral benefits. At the re
cent session of the Supreme Council the !
age limit was reduced in the relief fund ■
membership from 60 to 55 years.
During January and February eight |
new councils have been added to the list
and three hundred and twenty-eight ap
plications have been received at the office j
of the supreme secretary.
At an interesting meeting of Oakland !
Council, held last week, a committee was
appointed to arrange for a public enter
tainment in the near future.
Golden Gate Council of this city cele
brated its anniversary at its last held
meeting in February in a pleasant man
ner and served up a collation to members
and friends.
Guiding Star Council of Portland. Or.,
has a membership of 125 in good standing.
Two new councils were recently organ
ized in Los Angeles.
<THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
O'BRIEN JURY
CALLED BEFORE
THE GRAND JURY
Could Not Agree Upon
a Verdict.
SENSATION IS LOOKED FOR
SEVERAL UGLY RUMORS OF
JURY FIXING HEARD.
On the Previous Trial the Defendant
Was Convicted and Sentenced to
Ten Years' Imprison
ment.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 12.
The jury that tried James F. O'Brien of
Livermore, charged with criminally as
saulting Miss Ogilvie de B. Lopez, has
been cited to appear before the Grand
Jury for investigation next Tuesday
morning, and sensational developments
are looked for.
The case went to the jury shortly after
noon yesterday, and at about 12:30 o'clock
this morning, having failed to arrive at
any agreement as to a verdict, Judge
Ellsworth discharged them. They stood
nine for acquittal and three for convic
tion. The jury was made up as follows:
P. S. Amarel, Henry Hauschildt, John
Seebeck. A. O. Perry, P. Swords, C. E.
Bowman, K. Consadine, 11. Menges, W.
11. Lee, J. -Madden, P. Kerney and Hiram
Bailey.
Ugly rumors wire afloat on the streets
and in the courthouse corridors as soon as
the jury had been selected. In fact, whis
pers of "fixing," of "prejudice" and "fa
voritism" were heard frequently. Much
difficulty was experienced in selecting the
jury. The regular panel had been ex
hausted and a special venire issued. Then
it was stated that friends of the defense
had scattered the right kind of people
along Broadway and near the courtnouse,
so that the dejuty sheriff to whom was
assigned the duty of subpenaing jurors
could not help stumbling against
O'Brien's friends.
It was noticeable when the jurors were
examined as to their qualifications that
the prosecution frequently asked whether
the juror under examination was ac
quainted with a certain local wholesale
liquor dealer. The point involved was
that of an attempt to show partiality, in
asmuch as the defendant's father is en
gaged in the saloon business, as are also
several of the jurors. It was unofficially
charged that a certain brick contractor
had "talked" with some of the jurors,
and during the last few days of the trial
Judge Ellsworth admonished the jury not
to discuss the case with any one. utter
ing the admonition in such stentorian
tones that it attracted no small attention.
That these rumors reached the ears of
the court and prosecution is indicated by
the fact that only a few days ago Judge
Ellsworth, Chief Deputy District Attor
ney Melvin and M. < '. Chapman of coun
sel for the prosecution held a long confer
ence, during which "a suspected juror
was discussed. However, it was deemed
inadvisable to take any action until the
jury had been given an opportunity to
deliberate and determine O'Brien's fate.
Much interest is manifested in the ulti
mate outcome of the O'Brien cause and
the result of the proposed investigation
by the Grand Jury. Although the de
fendant and prosecuting witness are non
residents, the courtroom was thronged
with the friends of cither party until late
last night, awaiting a verdict from the
jury.
O'Brien was first tried last May, and the
case proved one of the must sensational
ever tried in local courts. O'Brien on that
occasion was convicted and sentenced to
ten years' imprisonment, but his attor
neys secured for him a new trial on er
rors. The second trial has been in prog
ress since February 23 last, and has
proved but little less sensational than the
first. And now O'Brien will be put on
trial once more.
At the opening of the case O'Brien's
father was reputed a wealthy man. To
day it is said his property is .-ni timbered
on account of his endeavors to save his
son from prison. The prosecution of
O'Hrien this time was conducted by I>'p
uty District Attorney Phil Walsh, and
associated with him were ex-Mayor M. C.
Chapman and Attorney Tom Scott of Su
nol. The defense's interests were looked
after by Attorney Frank MoGowan of
S:'?i Francisco.
BURNED WITH HOT GREASE.
Frank Metzler, a Cook, Meets With a
Serious Accident.
Frank Metzler. a cook employed In the
New Louvre on O'Farrell street, was se
verely burned about the face and hands
last evening by hot grease. Metzler was
emerging from the kitchen with a pot of
hot stuff when he stumbled and fell, part
of the burning fluid striking him on the
face and hands.
His screams for help attracted the at
tention of Max Strohbaeh. the head
waiter, who went to his assistance After
applying flour to the burns Strohbaeh
summoned a hack and had the unfortu
nate man remove,) to the Receiving Hos
pital. Dr. Maher applied the usual reme
dies and then allowed him to go home
Metzler lives at 592 Natoma street.
Golden Links' Reception.
Mrs. .1. Pettee, president of the Order
of Golden Ljnks. tendered a reception to
the members of the order at her home
on Leavenworth street yesterday after
noon. She was assisted in receiving the
guests by Mrs. Charles A. Selay and Mrs.
H. V. Ramsdell. The house was hand
somely decorated for the occasion and a
large number of the members were nre=
ent.
Miss Mnud>-> Pettee rendered a VOCal
soio. and Miss Fay Pettee largely •nnlrtb
uted fo the afternoon's entertainment by
the rendition of an original march on the
pianoforte. W. G. Badger, founder of
the order, was present, and made anpro
priate remarks.
Lecture and Concert.
A lecture will be delivered in St. Fran
cis' Chtirch, Yallejo street, next Thurs
day evening at S o'clock by Rev. Father
McNally of West Oakland. His subject
will be "The Spirit of the Irish People."
The g< neral admission la placed at 25
cents, ;cid tickets for reserved seats are
'■" cents each. A programme of sacred
music has been arranged for the occasion
by the organist, Mrs. A. B. Collins.
Among the numbers will be a violin solo
by Miss Clotilda Devlin and a trombone
solo by Mr. Brasher.
Death of Mrs. Murasky.
The mother of Judge Frank Murasky
died yesterday at her residence, 718
Franklin street. Several months ago
Mrs. Murasky received an injury which
necessitated the amputation of a leg 1 and
on account of her age she never fully re
covered from the effects of the injury and
the shock of the operation. The deceased
lady was well known and widely re
spected for her many kindly finalities.
She was about 70 years old. The funerai
arangemtnts will be completed to-day.
» ♦' ■
Threatened His Mother's Life.
Edward Tracy. ;i brother of the late
Deptuy Sheriff Tracy, has been sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge Me
gan on a charge of vagrancy. His
mother testified that he had threatened to
take her life, and as he was constantly
under the influence of liquor she was
afraid of him.
General Shafter to Lecture.
Next Thursday evening at S o'clock
Major General Shafter will rehearse the
experiences of the first Invasion in Cuba
by the United States troops at the Asso
ciation Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
streets. Mayor Phelan will preside. The
proceeds from the lecture will be devoted
to the use of the Army and Navy Chris
tian Commission of the association, which
work is being successfully conducted at
Manila. The obiect for which the lecture
is given should be sufficient to crowd the
hall.
BORN IN A HOSPITAL.
Pitiable Plight of a Woman Who Was
Deserted by Her Husband.
Maggie Powers, a middle-aged woman,
gave birth to a girl baby in the Receiv
ing Hospital last evening. The unfortu
nate woman was found sitting on a door
step on Post street, near Larkin, at 5
o'clock yesterday morning. She was at
once removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where the necessary attention was given
her.
According to her story her husband left
her about two weeks ago, after telling her
that he was going to Seattle, where a
position had been promised him. She had
saved $45. and, realizing that she would
be confined in a short time, she claims she
gave the amount to Mrs. D. Wyeth, a
doctress. who has an office at BIS Post
street.
"As I had not sufficient money to pro
vide even the necessaries of life." tear
fully remarked the woman last night, "I
applied to an employment agent to secure
a position for me as a domestic. After wait
ing several days I finally was sent for to
take a position as servant in a house on
Guerrero street. Yesterday morning I
became ill, and, acting on the suggestion
of my employer, 1 w r ent to the residence
of Dr. Wyeth, but was told that I could
not enter unless I gave up more money.
Disgusted beyond measure I walked
downstairs and sat on the steps of the
house, and groaning I remained there for
several hours, when a citizen, who evi
dently realized that I was In trouble,
asked me If he could assist me. I
begged him to take me to the Receiving
Hospital, which he did.
The baby has been named Rosie Keane
Powers by request of the day matron,
who took a great interest in the woman
and intends to see that she does not want
for anything.
Both mother and daughter are doing
well.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah H. Macauley to Sarah Or^or, lot on S
line of Kills street. 115 W of Octavia, W 50
by S 120; also undivided one-half Interest in
let on SE line of Welsh street, 100 ri\V of
Fourth, SW 75 by SE SO; gift.
Howard E. and Jean W. Wright to J. M.
Miller, lot on W line of Webster street, 50 B
of Filbert, b 25 by W 100; *10.
George \v. an-.i Eliza J. Duffleld to George
W. Duffield Sr.. lot on X line of Green street,
yo XV of Buchanan. W 25 by N 137:6; also un
divided two-sevenths interest in lot on N line
of Valparaiso street, 1GO:3 W of Mason, W .:'.
by N GO; also undivided one-seventh interest in
lot on N line of Green street. 68:9 E of Mont
gomery, E 22:11 by N 60; also undivided one
seventh Interest in lot on SW corner of I'''a\
enworth and North Point streets, XV HIM', o
63:6. W 25, S 74, E 137:6, N 137:6; $10.
William and Mary to Theodore l?ied
enbtTK. lot on SE line of Natoma street, llb:3
SW of Lafayette, SW 26 l>y SK 75; ?10.
Annie B. Cooper to Mary F. Fogarty, un
divided one-fifth interest in lot on S lin.' ol
Seventeenth street, 158 E of Valencia, SW 2j
by SE 75; $10.
William H. Holland to Augustus i anvil, un
divided one-flfth 'interest in lot on N line or
Clay street. 40:6-. \Y of Stockton, W 19:a'/j
by N 68:9; $10.
Estate of Joseph MacDonough (by trustees)
to Charles K. Bishop, lot on NW corner of
Turk and Taylor streets, N* 112:6, W 87:6, S
25. E 3:4. S 57:6, E 54:2; $10.
E. D Fallon to Mary Fallon, lot on NE line
of Zoe place, 137:6 PIC of Folsom, NW 23 by XE
00; gift. , r „,
Agnes C Sherman to Charles H. Sherman,
lot on NW line of Clementina street, 32» NE of
Sixth. NE 25 by NW 75; also property in ban
Francisco; gift.
WUlard V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to An
selm C. Hammond Jr., lot on W line of Six
teenth avenue. 175 N of B street, N M by \v
120; $10
Sol Jacobs to John A. Reed, lot on E line of
Ninth avenue. Vm S of X street, N 25 by E
120; $10.
Benjamin F. and Martha I. Goodwin to Ber
tha Jacobs, lot on E line of Cuvier street. 350
N of Bosuorth, X 42:4. E 50. SE 73:3. W 00. lots
10 to 13. block 2. as per map of De Boom Tract,
recorded July 27. 1897. and now lot 36. block
2 De Boom Tract Map, tiled June 29, 1597; $600.
Annie McCoy to Mary Ackerman (wife of
George) lot on N line of Sadowa street, 200 13
of Marengo, E 54:6 by N 125. lot 5. block H.
Railroad Homestead; also lot on N line of
Sagamore street, 130 V.' of Capitol, W 25 by N
125; also lot on X line of Sagamore street. IJo
W of Capitol. W 25 by X 123, lot 10, block C,
Railroad Homestead Association; gift.
Alameda County.
Horace D. and Carrie M. Irwln to Anson S.
Blake, lot on W line of Kliis Btjreet, 101 N of
Prim c, N S7:7ft by W 120, being the S half of
lot 86, block B, Regent-street Homestead, Berke
ley, subject to 8 mortgage for J1OU0; JlO.
C. J. and Sarah M. l"ox to Herman L,. Welch,
lot on W 111 I Arch street, ?.0u X of Vine, X
60 by W 134:7. being lots 29 and 30, block 1. on
map of T M. Antlsell's may of Villa lots.
Berkeley: $10.
The McCarthy Company <a corporation) to
George L: and Maggie C. Hitman, lots 11 and
12 In subdivision E, Frultvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township; flO.
Alice Traynor iwife of T. X.) to William
Nicol, lot on S line of Atlantic street, 125 W
of Willow, W2sby S 100:7' 4 . being lut 10. block
195, revised map Gibbons property at Oakland
Point, Oakland; $."..
Nlla It. Holinquist to Eliza Holimiuist, lot on
NX. corner of West Fifth and Myrtle struts.
N SO, E i»:6. S 3u. W 70:0%, to beginning, block
483, Oakland; also lot on H line of Central aye
..:: l: from F, line of land sold by A.
Fromm to Wonderllch and Hryan and recorded
in bZ d l 1 '.:. thence E 290, S i;,l. to shore bay
of San Francisco, thence W to a point where a
line drawn at Hunt angles lo Central avenue
from iHiint of beginning would Intersect same,
thence N 195, to beginning being portion Teu
tonla Park ami Homestead, Alameda; 15.
Hannah M. and Ozlas dAnls to Florence U
Myers lot -.n S lin.' of Grant street, ISO \\ ol
Cnlon, W B0 by B LOO, being lots 13 ami 11,
block H, new town of Lynn, subject lo a mort
gage for $200, Kast Oakland; $10.
James 1). Nairne to H. 1. Hepburn, lot on N6,
line of lot 1. block S, East Oakland Homestead
Tract 30 SE of Mathews avenue. SK to Whit
street E 100, XW 86, s\v to beginning, block
8 Bast Oakland Heights, to correct deed of
March 9, 1899, East Oakland: $10.
Sallle li Scott to Joseph Stalder Jr., lot on
BE line of Twelfth avenue, 175 N'K of East
eighteenth street, N 31:3 by SE 150, block ill.
Clinton, East Oakland; $100.
Sarah li. Macbeth to Emily A. .seib, alt in
terest in .;o>; ol an acre beginning at a point
formed by the intersection of center lines ol
Curtis avenue and Hopkins street. th,enee h\V
140 X\V 216, NX 104:2 to center of Cordoniees
Creek thence E and following the center line
of Bald creek on the following courses to its
intersection With rentpr line of Curtis avenue,
to wit: SE 40.91. SE 31. NX 75:1 to said point
of intersection of center line of Cordonlces
Creek with center in Curtis avenue,, thence S
on a curve to the left of radius of 37.". 130:7 feet
to beginning, being a portion of Peralta Park,
subject to right of way. Berkeley, to correct
deed of July 10. 1897, in 6:» d 12G; $10.
Frederick Schlrmund (ami as administrator of
the estate of Maria Sehlrmund and John
Bchoppleln, by commissioner) to Oakland Bank
of Bavings lot on W line of Kins street, 110 N
of Prince, W 120 by N 40. being a portion of
lands of Kegent-street Homestead, Berkeley;
$1812.
Pacific Improvement Company fa corporation)
to E. D. Maedonald. lot on S line of Eagle ave
nue, 22!>:ll W of St. Charles street. W SS by S
l".0, block X, map of property of Columbus
Bartlett, Alameda; also lot on W line of St.
Charles street, 37:6 S of Eagle avenue, S 37:6
by \V 129:11. block K. same. Alameda; also lot
on N line of Buena Vista avenue. 223:11 W of
St. Charles street. W 50 by N 150, block Iv,
same, Alameda; $10.
John J. Mone, administrator of the estate of
Mary E. Clark and K. H. Clark (by commis
sioner) to Oakland Hank of Savings, lot on h.
Une of Grand strict li S of Ataineda avenue,
S »7:« by E 138, block F, Oak Park. Alameda;
$1862.
Francisco and Ann Frnga to Antonio and
Anna Marshall, lot on W line of Dabner street.
301 N of Davis, W 10,", by N 100, being lots 7 and
v. block a. map of Dabner's Addition to San
Leandro, Eden Township; urnnt.
John 11. Hodge to I-. YV. Foisting, lots 1. 2
and 3 block X. Knowles and Pottpr subdivision
Of Kennedy Tract, Kast Oakland (quitclaim
def>d): $10.
D. E. and Emma M. Collins to Frances Fer
rler. lot on E line of Hnllis street, 22.. S Of
V.-iiia Buena avenue, E 126, B itv". w li.. N
ISi:S to beginning, being a portion of ulat G.
Rancho V and D Peralta, Oakland Township;
Robert F. and Mary L. Buchanan to Jacob
Yilller. lot on E line <>f Fifth street. 100 S of
Grayson, S :,u by E 136. beinK lots U> nn<i 16.
Mock 173. Grayson Tract. Berkeley; $3uo.
Henry W. P and Alvina Wackenro«li-r to
Thomas I). Evans, lot OH NE line O* Ba»t
Twenty-third street. 30 SK of Twenty- fourth
avenue. RE 40 by NE 100, beiiiK lot 2. block C,
Latham Terrace. Brooklyn Township; SlO.
P. L. and Bridget M. Basset t to Ella Col
man, lot on W line of Goldman avenue. US N
of Toliler street. \V E6, N 35, E 115.81. S 14.14.
R 14.12 to befcinnin*. beinK ■ portion of Fruit
vale Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th» San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2K7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
19-il Minion street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mi. Mon street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-=econd Md Kentucky
streets; ciien until V o'clock.
__^ MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal . • i
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _f\_
M. M. and P. M. (L. F.) degrees. J^\
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. _
M.-Flrst degree THIS (MONDAY) _#V_
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. By order of TT_r
the Master. ' f^F^
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- _OV_
DAY), March 13. 1599, at 7:3') o'clock 7&3?
p. m. First degree. By order of the / >
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M., m
Mission Masonic Temple, 2668 Mission -JV_
Ft.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- * * .
gree. By order W. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. ■
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1889 Fill- _/\- !
more st. -First degree THIS (MON- jLj\
DAY EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By /V- i
order of the Master. :
.; ,- '-_ HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 14, A. O. U.
W.— To the officers and members: iou_ss_fci
are hereby notified to assemble at W£Sss?
Laurel Hall, Shiels building, on MON- *-?S^
DAY, at 2 p. m., to attend the funeral of our i
deceased brother, JOHN MABLEY. By order
of J. B. CLIFFORD, M. D., M. W.
S. B. WOOD, Secretary. .
ANNUAL meeting— annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the ,
company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco Cal j
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March 1899 at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of elect ng
a board of directors to serve for the ensu ng
year and the transaction of such other bUßl-
ness ns may come before the meeti Tr , 4 v
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 17, Secretary ,
THE California Debris Commission having re-
County to deposit tailings in a worked-out
pit" from °the Hong Fat Company, in the
tSnhprtv mine at Howland Flat, bierra .
County * to deposit tailings In the east branch j
of ™late Creek- from Sam Ahtye, in the Span- .
ish Flat mine near La Porte. Plumas County,
to deposit 'tailings in pits and j
from J. D. Wetmore and Martin Tufiora. in
the Dry Cre»k mine? near Brownsville. Tuba
County to^Jpposlt tailings In Dry Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room d»
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on March
t(S. 1899. at 1:30 p. m.
~"" : SPECIAL NOTICES.
KOTK'E-S ONETO has declared to have sold
his share 'of business, debt and credit to S.
TORIE. grocery firm, on 442 Montgomery aye.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
nxr> tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
"city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. oa2o.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
AMERICAN cook, best of references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. 316 Sutter.
NFAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. Tel. Grant 120.
-CLASS German waitress and seamstress
desires situation; best references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and housework
girl desires place on a ranch; 2 years last
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish laundress desires situa- •
tion: best local references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Suiter st.
GERMAN second girl, first-class waitress and
seamstress; best references. Apply MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. Telephone Green 721.
REFINED lady of experience desires position
as companion to a lady or to care for inva-
lid; no objections to traveling; good refer-
ences. Box 1024, Call office. :
STRONG young woman wants a position to do
general housework and cooking for growing
family; wages not less than $20. Box 1030, :
Call office.
COMPETENT girl would like place to do light
housework, plain cooking or second work. 545
Minna st.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do light '.
housework: good cook on ranch. 136 Fifth,
St., near Howard. j
WANTED— By an honest, industrious girl, po- j j
sition in a nice family: wages $15 to $20; no \
postals. Call at 25 Clementina St., near First.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants to do cham- ; !
berwork or general housework and assist'
cooking. Call 105 Cortland aye.
YOUNG German girl wishes place to assist- in ;
light housework; willing and obliging. Ad-
dress 1061 Howard st. :
DRESS and cloak making, a perfect fitter.
wants engagements at $1 25 per day. 402 :
Mason st.
WOMAN wishes to do washing and house- :
cleaning, 75c per day. Call or address aoO
Mission st. _ .
COMPETENT Scotch girl. Protestant, good
cock, wishes situation; 2 years' references.
631 Larkln st. : tel. Sutter 52.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
house cleaning. Apply __ Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation in private
family or will go short distance in country:
best of city references. Apply for 2 days at
114 Russ st.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work In small family; short distance in
country. 512 Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a sltua- .
tlon as housekeeper: references if required.
Address M. S., 465 Jessie st.
COMPETENT dressmaker will work in ex-
change for room. Box 1011. Call office.
GIRL wishes situation to do light housework:
$12 month; Protestant; no postals. 2740 Green-
wich st.
HOUSEKEEPER; neat Eastern woman, elder-
ly wishes position; likes children; good cook; I
washing: housecleaning: references given; (
pay small. B. M.. 311 Minna st.
VERY respectable young married woman
wishes place In private family; housework j
and cooking: part payment for room and |
board for herself and husband; husband work-
ing in city: object economy: willing to pay $2
per week. Box 1023. Call office.
SWEDISH lady would like office work or
chamberwork a few hours a day. Call or
address 1322 Montgomery st.
YOU lady having short hours downtown
would like to act as companion to lady; no
children or rooming houses. Box 40S. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414U O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
YOUNG man would like employment: city or
country; work of any kind; wages $20 to $25.
Box 1023, Call office.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants situation as
water or houseworker; can do cooking; one
year's references. F. S.. box 1032. Call.
POSITION as coachman in private family by
reliable and trustworthy young German; best
of references. Address box 414, Call office.
PAINTER wants employment: good paper- ,
hanger and whitener; has had charge of
property; handy with carpenter tools; willing
to work: reasonable. Box 420, Call office.
MAN and wife wish positions on a farm; good
gardener and handy In general. 1020 Howard.
CUTTER wishes a position in a merchant tai-
loring establishment; large experience: prac-
tical tailor; city or country. Box 1017. Call.
YOUNG man about private place; can take
care of horses, cows, chickens: handy and
obliging; references. Address 11. C. ANDER-
SEN, 933 Kearny st.
FRENCH chef, references from first-class ho-
tels, economical, sober, understands best
American as well a3 French cooking, . wants
situation; city or country hotel. Box 1001,
Call. ' _
WOULD like situation watching; day or night;
any place of trust; can give best references.
Call or address 11., 1238 Bush St.
SITUATION by middle-aged man around pri-
vate place: take care horses, garden and
raise vegetables; low wages; references. Box
ICO2, Call.
SITUATION wanted by reliable, temperate man
to care for horses, garden lawns, chickens;
can milk;. good reference. Box 1008,, Call.
ENGINEER, experienced, stationary, wants !
employment: mining camp preferred: first- j
class references; own /epairs. Address box :
1013. Call office. j
MAN and wife wish positions; man coachman I
anil gardener; woman a good cook; first-class ;
references. Coachman, box 1012, Call office.
•YOUNG man wants work in private place; un-
derstands the care of horses, cows and gar- i
den; good references; city or country. Address i
box 406, Call office. ;
YOUNG man, competent bookkeeper, good pen- '
man and quick at figures, wants a position
in a business house; wages moderate; refer-
ences. Box 4343. Call office, Oakland.
GERMAN, 27 years old. offers his services as
accountant: speaks and writes Spanish and
English: 7 years abroad: best references. Ad-
dress JOURNAL; box 306 Call office.
WANTED— by competent engineer and
electrician; good references. J. G. FINLEY.
933 Mission st.
} SITUATIONS WANTED — Contlnnfil.
FIRST-CLASS German gardener wishes a posi-
tion to take charge of gentleman place; l-
years In last place. 564 Linden aye.
YOUNG couple wish situations on Gentleman's
place in country, where owner can "°f *"?. n f c
or will work in small private lam _ ly /J_'nd
as cook, man as orchardlst and aUj-rcmrm
man; references exchanged. A. Ivl_.i^_".
Nues, Alameda County. -
GARDENER. . practical. Scotch, w * n *» c c h h e ?*f j
of private estate: understands all branches oi
I =H_S ; ssk
M. C. A. _____——
WANTED-Posltion aT^Uector by respectable
S
WINCHESTEIf~Hou« .44 Third st near Mar-
w^eVkfco'nTe^nn^ P A ; free 'bus
and baggage to and from " ' r - ■
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
r^T^J^T^^s^lLndparlor maids, $23: 3 sec-
«£^s£ P $20; nurse. $20; 3 cooks, $25 and $30;
girl for housework, 3 in family. ' $25, a short
r lan O ce; and girls for cooking and housework
distance, anu »»">= T -c ppiisftt £- en
in city and country. J. F. CRObEil 6* cv.,
316 Sutter st. ■
COOK small hotel, $25; 3 waitresses and cham-
herm'aid« hotels. $20: restaurant waitress, S".
we™? and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
* CULLEN, 325 Sutter . St. *
FRENCH second girl, San Rafael, $20, 3 in
family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, Vallejo, Santa Rosa, $20;
Berkeley, $20; Oakland, $20: Healdsburg, $23;
and other towns; 12 housework girls, city,
$20 and $25: 8 young girls, .assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 3-5 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. 2 in family, $23, MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO Irish girls, cooking and laundry work,
$25 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress, $30; a German or French
cook, $35; 4 second girls. $25 and $20; cook,
boarding house, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ■
WAITRESS, springs, $20; chambermaid and
waitress, $20; Port Costa. $20; Santa Cruz,
$20: 6 waitresses, city. $25 and $15. .MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl, housework, 2
in family, $25; 2 nurses. $25 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant US
HOTEL ORDERS
2 waitresses, same country hotel, $25. fare
here; 6 waitresses, different country hotels,
$20; arm waitress, country, $20, fare here;
restaurant cook, city, $8 week; cook, board-
ing house, city, $25; lunch and dinner wait- I
ress, $20; 2 chambermaids, $15.
FAMILY ORDERS....,
German-speaking woman to cook for 2 in
family, San Rafael, $25; woman with a child
for ranch, $15; and a great many cooks and
house girls for city, $15 to $25; young girls to
assist, $10 to $12.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper. $10;
second girl, $20; waitress, $25; cook ami ppc-
ond girl, same house, $20 and $15; housegirl,
$20: also second girl, same house, $10. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman as cook for/San Rafael, two
in family. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
TWO cooks at $25 each, city: housegirl, $25: 6
young girls to assist, $10 to $12: housegirl,
San Rafael, Berkeley and Belvedere, $25 each
place. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT girl or woman to work in an
institution, $15; second girl. $15; cook and
laundress, near city, $23; girls for housework
and cooking, country places. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st. •
WOMAN to take care of child a years old,
sleep home, $25: _ cooks. $23; infant's nurse,
$20: 10 girls for housework. MRS. HIRD,
631 Larkin st.
NURSE wanted to take care or a child; expe-
rience and references required; wages $15.
Apply 3232 Jackson st.
NEAT young girl do light housework, assist
with 2 children; sleep home. Call after 2
p. m.. 1599 Market st.
APPRENTICES on custom pants. Apply 634
Ellis st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 260
Fell St., near Franklin. .. .
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests; good wages;
work by power. 956 Mission st.
I NEAT girl for general housework; wages $15;
j sleep home. 776 O'Farrell st.
'' GERMAN girl for general housework. Call
to-day at 1305 Van Ness aye. ;
REPAIRER wanted on genera! clothing. Gold-
en Gate Dye Works, 342 McAllister st.
NEAT young girl for light housework; good
home. Apply 2504 Clay st.
WANTED— woman for light housework. 10
Steuart St.. upstairs.
YOUNG woman to help with cooking. 136 Sec-
ond st.
EXPERIENCED pants finishers. 55 Third St.;
old number 31.
WANTED— Neat girl; wash napkins, etc. Aj>-
ply 28 First St.; restaurant. /_
EXPERIENCED hands; colored and white
work. DAVIS, SCHONWASSER & CO.. 134
Post st.
WANTED— neat, clean, reliable, middle-
aged colored woman for general housework
who would appreciate a good, permanent
place across the bay. J. C, box 431. Call.
■\V\NTED Experienced skirt operators on elec-
tric power machines. DAVIDSON & MIL-
LER, 731 Market st.
TAlLORS— Ladies' tailors wanted for Seattle,
Wash. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.,
Market and Second sts.
OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MI-
CH ELS'. 531 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on wrappers, under-
skirts shaker bonnets, cording, etc. Apply
H. FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell st.
WANTED— Apprentice for hairdressing. A. V.
DOYLE, 1704 Market St., opposite Tenth.
NEAT girl to learn dressmaking. Spring Val-
ley bldg.. room 129. cor. Geary and Stockton.
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking. 122 Twenty-ninth st,
SALESLADY, skirt department;' give refer-
ences, experience and salary expected. Box
1025, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work; good wages. 52S Jessie st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
custom shirts: steady employment. ROGER-
EON'S, 535 Valencia st.
YOUNG lady, not over 20, to sell cosmetics in
the country, good salary- Apply between
10 and 12 a. m. at 40 Geary st.
WANTED by physician, a competent woman
- about 30; references. Box 401. Call. _^
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies'
wrappers. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers; also apprentices on
custom coats. 541 Market st.
FOR city: lady or gentleman: good profits;
also agent every county. Rm 4, 408 Cal. St.
CHEAPEST and tr«t in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for *1 per year.
HELP WANTED — M _LE.
j ~_^«^~^~_~^^--_^__~^___^_.
WANTED— Miners. $2 50 day and $40 and
board; laborers, $1 75 day: stableman. $25 and
found- farmer for a fruit ranch: office boy
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $70; restaurant
waiters, $10 a week: bell boy; ranch cook,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sac-
ramento st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want Monday, 7 a. m
American milker and butter maker, $30 and J
found; 10 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, |
$26, $25, $20, $15 and found; 3 grafters for a j
vineyard $26 and found
gardener, vegetable, for a sawmill, $30 and
found: ISS woodchoppers. $150 and $1 cord;
97 tiemakers. Sc. 9c, 10c and 12c each; _
stablemen, $25 and found; metal spinner.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
C00K5...... LAUNDRYMEN*
5 cooks, for different places, $30 to $40 and
$50; 3 waiters, for different places, $25 to I
$20 and found: ironer and polisher, country,
$150 to $2 day. MURRAY _. READY, 634
and 626 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...Phone Grant 185
..; Want for railroad work
experienced rock and grading foremen
stonemasons quarrymen
blacksmiths harness makers
railroad camp cooks...
j C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 'S.. Phone Grant 185
Laborers new work '. teamst srs
ship Monday night; two-thirds fare free. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO., 104, Geary st.
HEAD laundryman, country hotel, $35 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook. $60; broiler, $50; country hotel.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— A neat and Intelligent . young man;
one acquainted with the business community
of . San Francisco preferred. • Address The J
Marcus Co., 12 S. Fourth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
: WANTED— Reliable persons in every section to
distribute circulars, samples and tack signs;
no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOL-
I TON CO.. Cleveland. O.
HELP W ANTED— Continue*.
tTrvTrciTOßS— Wanted first-class men to sell
' stock on commission: references. Address
box 1026. Call office.
GOOD barber wanted. 503 California st.
DISHWASHER wanted at Magnolia Cafe. 4
and C East st. ;
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
CARRIAGE painter wanted at Twenty-third
and Bartlett Ets.
BARBERS' Good 2 Chair 15c shop; a bargain.
106 Ellis St.. DECK ELM AN BROS.
WANTED— Married man. not over 45 years of
age. to take care of 2 horses: make himselC
useful in the business: German preferred.
Address 8., box 1006, Call office.
SAILORS, green I^"nds7"blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
YOUNG ma to go whaling; no experience re-
quired. L. LEVY, corner Battery and Jackson.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
BOY to learn underpresslng on custom pants.
541 Market st. '
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 31
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. m
WANTED— Pipemakers; 10 first-class round
.earners: none but experienced men need ap-
ply. J. D. HOOKER CO., factory 202 Rail-
road st.. Los Angeles. ■
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 100 larga
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth st.; $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarnt a.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and De\ isadero st. ■ .
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
ft. men to take rooms, 10c. 15c ana Joe per
night; 60c, ?0c and $1 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
$3 at 1542 Market st. ,
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13SV. Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE House, 106'^ Third — Furnished
rooms. 25c to 50c day: $1 25 to $3 week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
eoleing. 33c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 2Cc. 23c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863',. Market st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
! clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Batter st.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 KlUs st.
TRY Acme House. 937 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. n Sir-Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room free
"bus and baggage to and from the ferr>.
CHEAPEST and beat in America-The Weekly
Call 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for H.
' postage ra'<l. .___^ — ■
AGENTS I_BJ____1 _ B J____ ;»
ii^^Tlnd"gTtTn~^hile the proposition is
new and make goo£jn£n«r ; _JlB3_Seventh_st : __
5.7 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. _____________
HOt'SES WANTED.
AN unfurnished modern new house of 7 rooms
and bath, in Mill or Ross \ alley. Box 484.
Call office. __^___— — — —
~ ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping ; rent low. Address 526 Turk st.
"WANTED— MISCELI^-NEODS^
WANTED— IO,OOO feet second-hand water pips
M for irrigating: 1 to 4 inches. S. F. Iron Yard.
204 Mission st/ ' ' '
DENTISTS.
S hTgGINS' Dental Parlors.
"■ Emma Spreckels bids;., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and achinc teeth ,
we carefully treat before they are tilled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only. .
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. corner Fourth, room 7, Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 oO
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday.
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D..
Manager. .
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 oO: all
work painlessly and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5: crowns. $3; fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason St., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; . guaranteed
work, lowest prices: ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. hear
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling, gold. ■'■'(■: silver. 2.V- : crowns. $3.
. LOST.
LOST— A lady's gold watch, with the initials
C. D. S. on the inside case, at the Oberon or
between the Oberon and back entrance of 17
Grant aye.: reward; no questions asked. Box
1027, Call office.
LOST— On Powell st. cars, lady's gold watch
set with brilliants in shape of basket, Finder
return to 828 Lombard st. and receive reward.
•LOST— A coach dog, black and white: answers
to name Prince; nickel-plated collar: license
No. 266; reward. Return to Owner, 1228 Fol-
sotn st.
LOST, Feb. 27— Black smooth hair doe. lon*,
ears, small white spot on chest; named Lulu;
reward. L. RINASSA, Campl's restaurant,-
-531 Clay st.
$10 REWARD— Lost 2 weeks last Sunday, small
white fox terrier bitch; name Queenie; had on
nickel collar: had long ears, black and tan,
head, black spot on end of back. Return 1620
Eddy st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of GEORGIE PECKHAM; No. 204-
-1339: the finder will please return to hank.
CARPET CLEANING. i
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— CleanT
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr *
SS and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
! beating Works, £53-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
3 _?? O _? UEEX ' a California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
f C £ R £5 T J2«^ n l __ lt P«r yard: laid at 3c7
I STRA TTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessto 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co. 240 nth
ft.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 533 . Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented: few Dartlv
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph, Sl3; Yost :
get sample work. SCOTT. 233 Montgomery St.'
physicians. ■ ; \~~~~"
MRS. drs. Donovan! 621^^~H_7eT~st r? ~an
I kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs.
REMOVAL notice-Dr. C~cT~o : Do'nnen office
and residence, 1021._ Market, bet. 6th and 7tn
SEWING BfACHI-.BS.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought" sol d~
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented- re-
pairing at lowest rates. 20. Fourth «t.£ ..... BUSINESS CHANCES.
. 3120OVGROCERY and bar; living rooms; north ;
■ ;oX -Market; paying cash business: present
T f;«wner there S years. M. LESS, 760 Market st.
; JM^—PALOON and lunch house; near Market;
„•- .-•central; i rooms; furniture included; a bar-
| :..jt-aili without Its equal. M. Lii.-^. 765 Market. .
. 'SC.-^— CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
'/ ;-. .-Mission; value in stock: living rooms; rent s2s; |
vhorge and. wagon. M. LESS, 763 Market st.
" -^150— SALOON; north of and near Market St.; |
-.-."hf'art of city; old established, well known ;
•and. popular resort; full value in sight; busl-
••' r.ess speaks for Itself; thorough investiga-
' "tion afforded: satisfactory reasons for sell-
•ing. _■ LESS, 765 Market st. i
$J43X' — GROCERY wo bar); best part north
Market st.; value in stock: all saleable and
first clas-s; strictly cash business; best class
trade; receipts from $80 to $S0 daily; reason-
able rent; thorough Investigation invited;
.owner has country property needing atten-
. tioTi; unequaled bargain. M. LE?S. 765 Mkt.
£}7(XV-.SALOON; good location; 30 rooms; all oc-*
■ "Cupied; big bar trade; value In sight; business i
speaks, for itself; actually worth J3CC-'); trial
- g>ver.; nothing can heat this. LESS, i_Mkt.
WAXTED — A man with small capital capable
 of doing plain of See work: best business of
:. • s:i-is -.■■l in city; trial. M. LESS. 765 Market. j
SU'C— BAZAAR, 'stationary and notion busi- i
•■ .:;»•■£*: good part north of Market st. ; living
• i- -v=is; rent only $20; full value In stock and j
• : natures; paying concern: proof; seller there 9
. iears; sickness In family cause of sale. M.
■■LESS/ 765 Market st.
I {CHICKEN ranch. 4 acres land; house of 4
r.^oins: chicken houses: line stock: well water;
Close to Oakland; .price $2500. WILKE & UN-
'■ gCG. JOS Market st.
*•;-— Cf'5AR stand. Btocxton and Market sts
■WILKE & UNFL'G. SO6 Market St.
'{-"•-■''V -Corner saloon; Battery an<i Sacramento
sts. WILKE & UNFUG. 90S Market st.
■ f3X — BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
;• rent $:.'■'; on ' McAllister st. . daily receipts.
• ,{l^. VILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
".; ?!>"• — SALOON -with 9 furnished rooms: estab-
. fished many years; always been money-mak-
"•• ' itng place; best location; cl<_se to California on
:•, -Krarny st. ; rent low. Particulars WILKE &
. •; yNFUG, 906 Market ft.
:•„: A-S: r 'C«3— BAKERY; Western Addition; kept by '
•■■ owner for lo years; 3 wagons. 6 horses; oak-
° •'".'. in S 7 barrels per day; owner compelled by
: ••-. ,-. sickness to retire. Particulars WILKE &
• •• UN FUG. SO6 Market st.
A— SI7SO— SALOON on Stockton and Market sts. ;
established many years and first-class; pay-
:■ Ing; 1 years' lease; an excellent opening;
-.-• sickness causa of sale. WILKE & UXFL'O,
':V906 Market st.
A — slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
.. ."..established years and doing a good cash store
•: and bar business; fullest investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busi-
ness. Call on WILKE & UNFUG, JOS Market.
• ■•;t2OOJ-PARTNER. light business; (US a week: no
, ; -v- experience required; trial given; see it. West-
. ': em Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
.. — PARTNER; great investment: $30 day
,'. trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
. ■-. '^-PARTNER, livery business; office work;
• -.- KM' a month clear: value in stock. Western
. .•' Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
..• $300— SMALL business for lady; good living.
'•" Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
: f'4SO— SALOON; $S clear a day; sickness. West-
;.' crn Investment Co., 9 Geary et.
$if6 — GROCERY and bar: a snap ;» sickness.
. ■ Western Investment Co.. .- Geary st.
$200— BARBER shop; elegantly furnished; good
trade. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary Bt.
■; $4:o— RESTAURANT; high class trade; good
"• .location; sell oa account of death. Webtern
Investment Co.. 9 Geary .-:.
I WANTED— Light manufacturing business;
wanted saloon; must, be good location. West- 1
■ crn Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
TCE buy. sell or exchange business of any
...kind. Apply National Agency, 7 Grant avt. |
$£v>— DINING parlor, handsomely fitted up; free
rent: fine location; will clear $50 month; good
chance for 2 ladies or man and wife. National
Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$200— PARTNER, commission business; will
cle"ar- $73 month each. National Agency, 7
. ' ."Grant aye.
$4000— FIRST-CLASS hotel; fine furniture; good
.•.business; thriving town; owner other busl-
f ■•..'rresfs: must sell. JONES $ CO.. 565 Market.
I, ..ATTENTIO'N— profits; small investment;
™ • I Al mining proposition; also useful invention;
«• . .territory for sale; call quick. JONES &
♦ • i.-.w. • 719 Market at.
• IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market St.. for square dealing.
FOR business chances, rooming-houses, city
.JLnd country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans.
. ir-sF.. .„.. on CLAKK * CO., room £03. £— •
.--'amlner bulldog.
A>^2o6— CIGAR stand: Market st. $450— Lodging
• house; now; 14 rooms. $350— igant saloon;
Market and 4th sts. CULVER, 1027-- Market.
BARBER shop, running two chairs steady. In
Oakland, at a bargain. Apply to STLOT2*,
.*3i) Market st.
.TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
••."• property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
_ : HAVE buyers for hotels, restaurants, gro-
'• -.caries, bakeries; all kinds of business sold
' .'"apd exchanged. EITEL. 1016 Market st.
' P&K.' Sale— First-class bakery; all store trade;
■ Tin: good location; on account of ill-health.
'.;Bo'x 1029. Call offlce.
;.= 3JARBER shop with 3 chairs on reasonable
-.'•.■' terms; must sell on account of owner being
■ ; \dlfck. .Apply at 423 Washington st.
i^A.RTN'ER wanted with some capital In dyeing
•\ '.asd cleaning work. Box : ■■3l. Call office.
. Vl^ifOO— BUSINESS comer; lot 75x109. with 2-
.' -'fro.ry building; rents for HW per month; will
.".exchange for ranch; situated 1 block from
•:• • .Market-?t. Station. $250 cash, balance $1000
}'•. i I can- remain; cottage of 5 rooms and bath, lot
■: : 25X1-23, situated Adeline St.. near Eighteenth.
"7: ; ;.W.. P. RYAN, t'6o Seventh Et., Oakland. Cal.
•INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
•'■•.iwlsted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDY'S
'•'. ■■'bre.korage office. 45 Sutter St., opposite Oc-
,"•• idental Hotel: the latest new York and
•-'• ."CnicaLfco markets.
FIjOPJST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
•heating, apparatus; doing business of $15 to
$25 a. day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 500 Halght St.; no agents
AS exceptional opportunity is offered to good
v business man to secure interest in established,
.'"paying business; salaried position; references
■','. vaad investigation. Box 353. Call office.
FOR sale— A cozy barber shop and cigar stand;
■ ; *."&lr.g good business; owner leaving city;
' sickness cause. Address box 50. Call office.
■CORNER grocery, bar and furniture; cheap;
' f«{l- on account of other business. Twenty-
' fifth and Capp sts.
MUST be sold; good business, horse, wagon,
buggy and harness; to be cold cheap; party
.leaving city. 3756 Seventeenth st.
W-ILL'pay cash for stock of any kind of goods;
city .or country, without delay; must be
cheap. Box 1019, Call office.
RESTAURANT men, attention— For sale, best
place on East et.; no agents. Address box
: 423. Call office.
WILL pay good price for some office and house-
. • ho)d furniture and a modern piano. Box 1021.
.;.: --Cill office.
• A-— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
. apply to tOON - CO.. ICOS4 Market st.
'WANTED— Free-milling gold property; cash
.':. buyer. BASILE. £73Vj Market st.
I --|2fio— -HALF interest in good-paying business;
I ■■' $75 per month each. 1055 Market St.. upstairs.
BRAXCH bakery and variety store; 3 rooms;
---. .flhe cellar. ISoo Market, cor. Guerrero.
'CHEAP branch bakery and dairy store; 4
raorns. Apply "07 Devisadcro st.
GOOX) restaurant : good location; very cheap.
Arpfy Call office.
j: HALF Interest in good-paying business;
$75 per month each. 1055 Market st.
♦1 r .to— <? \ LOON : central location; stock and fix-
turps in value. Inquire _ 42 _ 3 _Js __ st. .
jeo^-BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor; 3 liv-
Ing- rooms ;j-ejuJl2 Larkln st.
FOR Sale^Groecry and bar; 3 living rooms.
pall> 2400 Larkln st.
$15 A V SEX to reliable man who can loan
employe? $200. Call 79 Third st.
BUTCHeITsI^p; for ■-lilng. Bos 398, Call. ''
sickness cause for gelling. Box .399, Call.
itisjTAURANT. Sixth st.; established 10 years;
good business; $600- Apply Call office.
WFLL-P VYING branch bakery, grocery and
_ coffee saloon for sale. 965 Mission St.. nr. th.
HAY~ grain, wood and coal business; on ac-
count of sickness; all for $275. Box 215. Call.
, COFF«E and tua routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELLj& CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
„ WKEK-S for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
If, g HH..in wrapper, for mailing. $1 P*r year.
■"-'•;. SoSi-iil ~~~* ~^
4- FKJRSES for •_!•:• «liiff_s_pS; buggies, j
carte;, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market, |
327: Sixth St. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
-■S/&LLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
FOTt'-F'ale-Famlly horse, harness and buggy:
rlirap. S7O Howard St.
 ; WAGONS AND CAKHIAUES.
I^l^R « SALE^--Gentten_n'i g fine r and fast road
tekrn, with road wagon and harness com-
plete. Address box 1022, Call office.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
- ties; 2 extra fine delivery wag. S>2B Harrison.
JO SETS second-hand harass*; wagons, carts.
buggVs. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
j _____ PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN desires acquaintance discreet,
utiineumb'-red young widow. Matrimony,
box 1010, Call.
NO place just as good; go to LEDERER'S to
have your hair dressed. 26c; the very longest
hair rolls, not short or medium, for S6c. 123
Stockton st.
; LEDERER'S Quinonia hair tonic, will take
i away that dead look from your hair; 35c bot-
I tie; try It. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
' JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. ; Law a > Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed, busts developed by the
Harmonic Vibrator; genuine, delightful,
scientific; superior to all known methods.
Harmonic Life Institute. 236 Powell St.. S. F.
■ ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms;
28c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
M free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A — OPERA bangs and switches. 50c up; sale
thia week only; artistic opera dressing. La
Verite Hairdresslng. Parlors, 30 Geary St.;
phone Red 27 IS.
WANTED— Active boy to work in blacksmith
shop; must have references. Apply at 22S
Fremont st.
j FOR Dressmaking parlors; best loca-
tion in city. Address E. T., box 1009, Call.
PRIVATE residence for ladles In delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1415 Sth, Alameda.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Folsom.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
jection. Gurntd.Dr.Gordln,sl4 Pin?. Kearny.
-DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 522
Valencia to 1206 Market st.. rooms 9 and 10.
j BATHS, 12«4c: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $<; 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open eVs. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 ___
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st.
I BERWIN .V- GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post st., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
j A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
. prireo. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order m easy installments. L.
LEMOB, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN dressmaking, ladies' tailoring, milli-
nery: patterns cut. McDowell Sch., 103 Post.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRsTj~jTwHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat ail pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. S; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
MRS MENA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 113 Halght st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; bom with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease: full life read-
ing; ladles, 50c; gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; Bo up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153 ! 2 sth. r. SI.
MRS. HAXSEN. best clairvoyant; fee 25c.
34" 1 5 Minna st.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— and
card reading. 417 Bush, rooms 9 and 10.
GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladies.
25c; gents, 50c. 10»3 Mission st.. near Seventh.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; Me; ladles only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. MOREATJ, the best medium and card
reader; 250 up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
! KEIUCTIVfc ASTROLOGY.
PROF. MONROE. 777 Market St. : future
events. 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
____________
PALMISTRY.
MME. XEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger- j
malne. 3358 Twenty-first Ft., above Valencia; j
tel. White 1571: reading by mall, $1.
■ ■ I
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by j
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush :
St.; 15 years' experience; references given.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
HT^T^iclcEßrr!77!7?r!?.T.7.T7r. "". j
Office, 1020 MARKET ST.
Call and get list of Bargains j
15-room houee; central; $100 cash $300 !
80 rooms: rent $30; on Mission st 1300 ,
6 4-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
64 rooms: corner; clears $300 2700
55 ROOMS: EXCHANGE FOR OAK-
LAND OR ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
IS- room house; $250 cash, balance $10
per month i
10-room house; new furniture 400
15-room house; good and paying 270
6-room flct; cheap rent I<;>
6-room flat: down town 300
10-room house; new furniture
60-room corner house; clears $350 2000
2(?-room house; clears $150 <»0
46 rooms; corner: clears $250 1000
10 rooms; near City Hall; very good 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner; clears $100.. 500
12 rooms; on Market; cxc. for large house. 500
28 rooms; best cor. In city; owner sick... 2200
18 rooms; rent $50 (transient); half cash.. 1050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
WE DESIRE TO CALL THE ATTENTION
OF OUR FRIENDS AND THE PUBLIC THAT
WE HAVE MOVED TO 1026 MARKET ST..
R. H. WINSTON & CO. ;
is rooms: cheap rent; new; bargain $ 300
22 rooms: rent $30; give away 300
85 rooms; corner: A No. 1 2200
38 rooms; rent $65; investigate SOO j
40 rooms: will trade; corner 2000
r/h! WINSTON '& CO.,* 1026* MARKET ST. :
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
A-KREDO & CO T-Vi GEARY .
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms; 10c, 15c. 20c; clears $300 •••• I oo^ i
55 rooms; best on Fourth st. ; half cash.. 2400 ■
49 rooms; Geary st. : will pay for itself... 1600 j
28 rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800 (
16 rooms; Post st.: all full; ch«ap rent... 800 .
' 9 rooms; new and clean; clears £25 300 I
6-room flat; Geary St.; elegant houge.... 400 j
$800—75 ROOMS; corner house; 40 rooms: fur- j
nished; cheap rent: $100 a month profit.
11250— Buys a 24-room corner house.
$350— $150 down: 12-room house: bargain.
Money loaned on furniture. EITEL. 1016 Mkt
NOTICE— lodging houses for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
Bargain: 10 rooms and bath: elegantly j
furnished; all rented. 770 O'Farrell; 12 to 3. j
$175— 81G bargain; 7 rooms; good furniture. 507
Joneji st.
~ FCIUnTI'BE FOR SALE.
i BOOMS furniehed in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
x FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUsT^
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
GEM of diamond stud for $45; worth $30. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE canary birds; strong and healthy;
GOc and 75c. 316". Sixteenth St.
FOR $1 will be sent to any address recipe for j
mixing one of the best fire ana waterproof j
roofing Daints ever used at a cost of leas :
than 10 cents per gallon. Address \\ . \v. \
PIKE, box 217. Bar Mills. Buxton. Maine.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, j
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. |
J NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
PAINTERS' staging, paints, varnish, enamels, ]
brushes etc.; good, complete outfit for man
going In business; cheap. 403 Stevenson St.,
corner of Fifth. .
GAS and gasoline engines; all slses and
prices- second hand engines purchased and
exchanged. Dynamic Engine Co.. 503 Cal. St.
FOR Sale— Tank, windmill, frame; nearly new.
703 San Bruno aye. ■
A LAUNDRY plant complete; dryer, boiler, en-
gine, etc. WHITE'S. 516 Mission 6t.
S\FES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE'
"HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS. engines, second-hand machinery, i
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Eeale st.
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
portable forge. Call at once 648 Mission st.
OVERSTOCK— Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps: rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100: 2, $125;
3. $150; 4. ___ SMITH CO.. 627 Mission st.
LE 4THER belting, lace leather, pump cups.
etc. Cat Belt Co.. 619 Mission st. ; tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $16; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes! half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET. -
HOUSES. FLATS.
8 r. ; 1220 Laguna.s3sj7 rooms; 930 Sutter.s4o
10 r. ; 1118 Guerrero 40 6 rooms: 1020 Geary. 28
7; 1222 Buchanan. 35 7 r.; 2926 California. 30
Call and net a ll.t.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
HAVES, 352, near Gough— 7 sunny rooms; bath;
yard.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23H Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison sts.
i OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
VERY nice 5-room house for $S; go see It. 401
Greenwich et., cor. Kearny.
i $10 50— HOUSE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468 Lin-
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
i NICELY furnished sunny house of 7 rooms
I and bath in desirable part Western Addition;
large garden; reasonable: ref. Box 403, Call.
COTTAGES r~TO~~ LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large yard and base-
ment. 214 Collingwood St., bet. 19th and 20th.
CORNER Willow and Encinal ayes., 7 rooms,
bath; rent $20; for sale cheap; Alameda.
NICE cottage, 6 rooms, bath; large yard and
stable; $12. 4185 £6th st., near Castro. ,
$6 EACH; cottage, 5 rs. ; 2 new tenements of 1
rs. ; nr. 34th and Miss. Apply 64 Silver, off 3d.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder, 521
X St.. Sunset District.
FLATS TO LET.
ON GLEN PARK AVENUE.
3 lower flat, 4 r $15127, upper flat, 4 r — sl4
6. lower flat. 4 r... 15i34. third flat. 4 r.... 12
No. 32, house, 7 rooms, bath, laundry $25
On Twelfth st. ; 5 rooms, bath, laundry.. s22 50
Gardens in front, large yards In rear; most
picturesque avenue in city; in warm belt; dry
atmosphere and beauty of surroundings
make it most desirable for bronchial or lung
troubles, bet. Mission & Howard, 12th & 13th.
DEMPSTER BROS.. 320 Sansome St., rm. 22.
j 4073 TWENTY-THIRD st., near Castro; upper
: eunny 5 rooms; $15.
! 697 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 6 rooms;
i $17.
I 599 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; lower 4 rooms;
i $13.
47 Pond Ft.; upper sunny 5 rooms: $14.
! A— ELEGANT 5 rooms, porcelain bath, electric
j lights, etc., $27 50. msjPage s^
1 A— sl2; HANDSOME sunny corner upper flat, 4
I rooms and bath. 23d and Harrison sts.
| CLAY, 1415 A. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde-
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
CORNER sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath. 717
Franklin St., near Golden Gate aye.
DEVISADERO, 1408, between Geary and O'Far-
. reli— 6 eunny rooms: bath; rent reasonable.
! ELLIS. 622H— Rear flat of 4 large sunny rooms;
also flat of 2 large rooms; separate entrance;
yard; at 624 Ell st.
i FLAT, 6 rooms, bath and stable; IS Byington
I aye. Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
MCALLISTER. Fine sunny flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL, 10 Montgomery st.
i SACRAMENTO. 1465, near Hyde— Flat, 5
sunny rooms, bath; gas; yard.
$12— SHIPLEY, 2998, near Sixth— Flat. 5 rooms.
bath: gas; mantel: folding doors.
FURNISHED FLATS.
; FURNISHED flat. 5 rooms complete; respect-
able neighborhood; parties going to their
summer home; responsible parties only. 311
; Taylor; 2to4p. m.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 140S, near Van Ness— 3 rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $20.
EDDY, 917— Sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; every convenience; private residence.
ELLIS, 330—2 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
in rear; rent $10.
FIFTH. 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms, complete; bath; private; $10.
I HARRISON. 731— Three rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HOWARD, 76M4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; kitchen; man and wife.
HOWARD, 953>x— Homelike sunny rooms, $160
per week; also one at $1: bath.
i HYDE. 414—2 unfurnished sunny housekeeping
I rooms; private family.
MISSION. 833— Sunny suite complete for house-
keeping, $10; large room $8.
NINTH, 20. near Market— Front bay-window
suite. $12; elngle; stove; water; gas.
OAK. 31—1. i and 3 housekeeping rooms; front
room; gas range; water; bath.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny bay-win-
dow, mantel, folding bed; bay-window, water,
double bed.
i OCTAVIA, Three sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $12; gas: bath.
; POST, 2406 — Furnished room, with use of
kitchen: private family.
i SECOND 127— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
' $1 60 per week; also furnished rooms cheap.
SILVER. 95— Sunny baf-window front room
and kitchen: nicely furnished; also other
rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 21«H— Sunny rurnlshed housekeeping
rooms; light housekeeping & sing.; rent reaa.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 or 3 sunny front rooms,
; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TEHAMA, 62, near Second— Lower part of
house, 3 large ma and closets; good order; $».
I TENTH, 136. corner Minna— 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms; stove; running water; single.
| THIRD, 309 — large furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping. $2 50 week.
VAN NESS aye., Rooms for housekeeping.
i VAN NESS AYE., 1021— A front sunny suite of
3 rooms; kitchen; gas, range; bath. \
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms, new-
ly papered. $5 per month.
~ ROOMS TO LET.
I AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, iOc to $1 60 day. MRS. J. KING.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
lAT 14 A Geary— Double bed. hair mattress; run-
ning water; $1 50 a week.
! AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to
i $3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c.
I AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza: day or month. j
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Elegant corner rooms;
pun all day; all conveniences; elevator; fam-
ilies and gentlemen.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 634, The La Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front rooms, $7 to $15 per
month: others, $6 upward.
EDDY 429— Front suite; beautifully furnished:
running water in back room: gas, grate and
bath; central and reasonable.
EIGHTH 120 A —2 furnished front rooms, $4
and $«■
ELEVENTH. 106, near Mission— Nice sunny
housekeeping rooms.
FIFTH. 264, corner Clementina— Neatly fur-
nished bay-window front room for two gents.
■ GOLDEN GATE aye., 603 — 3 furnished rooms:
! double or single; gaa and bath.
i GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
i nished front room; running water; grate; pri-
vate family; reasonable. •
GOLDEN GATE, 1050— 1 large sunny, well-
[ furnished room; free telephone. _^
I GOUGH. 625— A newly furnished front room,
| sun all day, in a cottage; rent $6.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
; rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
WEN WORTH, 411— Sunny nicely furnished
parlor floor; also front room for gentleman.
LEAVENWORTH. 617— Single furnished room
for gent, $1 25 per week. ■
MARTHA place 6, off Geary, above Mason-
Large sunny room for one or two; $8. . .
MCALLISTER. 1001 A— Sunny bay-window room;
use of bath; 1 or 2 gentlemen preferred; rent
reasonable. ■ ■
MINNA. 28— Furnished rooms; sunny; 1 with
2 single beds, $1 75 per week.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room: $1 per week; transient.
MISSION 2326— Nicely furnished rooms; gen-
' tinmen with quiet habits preferred.
NATOMA 282. near Fourth— unfurnished
rooms; rent $6; with sink and running water.
O'PARRELL 2fr-Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FAItRELL, Newly furnished front sunny
rooms; cheap; also others.
■■.-...-.,
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL 334— Beautifully furnished sunny
double front room; first floor; also others.
O'FARRELL, 416— Nice sunny rooms by the
day, week or month. -___ ■____
O'FARRELL. 502. Jones, 503— Changed hands;
newly furnished sunny single or en suite, $8
per month up.
PINE, 514 A, n«ar Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en suite; $o up.
POLK. Respectable parties wanted for
furnished room; strictly private; home com-
forts.
POST, 509— Pleasant sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; meals at all hours.
SACRAMENTO. Furnished back parlor
for 1 or 2; reasonable; private family.
SECOND, 426— Sunny room for respectable
working lady; top flat.
SEVENTH. 192 (Glrard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping^
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
•FuTTER, 676— Two partly furnished sunny
rooms; front basement; suitable for business.
Apply basement door? ■•
A— SUTTER. £31— Sunny; choice; reason-
able; appreciated If seen; please investigate.
SITTER. 1111— Comfortably furnished rooms.
single and en suite; also housekeeping; terms
reasonable. - '
TURK, 124— Nice large furnished sunny rooms;
rent $6 and $7; private family. -
VALENCIA, 117—2 nicely furnished rooms;
terms reasonable.
WEBSTER, 711—4 large sunny unfurnished
rooms to let; modern improvements; rent tl~.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HYDE. 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
j lent board; families solicited; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; tabla board.
SEVENTH, Store and 5 living rooms; rent
$22. ,
SOUTH PARK, 159 — Sunny furnished room,
with or without board.
SUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking garden, with excellent board; desira-
ble location. ..
VAN NESS. 850— Elegantly furnished front
rooms: privilege of parlor and piano; tele-
phone: table first-class.
RESTAURANTS.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 15c dishes, with
small coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. cpp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market.; popular prices.
CHILDREN. BOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded In country; good home;
mother's care; Fleasanton. Address box SSS,
Call office. _-__i
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP & CO., real estate agents, 630
Market st. 1 .
EIGHTH. 132. cor. Natoma— New building, cor-
ner store; suitable for grocery and bar.
FINE large corner store; basement; good loca-
tion; near Mission High School. Eighteenth
and Dolores: also small one; rent very cheap.
GOSSELK BROS.. 102 Sixth st
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. Sunny suite of offices occupied
by doctor in last i years; furnished.
j MARKET. 1206— Sunny corner, suitable for
offices; also furnished rooms.
_— _________
medicall
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential: satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS. DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy St., bet.
- Hyde and Larkln; office hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to S; Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped rnstantly and can return home the
Bam.? day; no Instruments used; self cure. $5;
home in confinement; skillful medical atten-
tion: all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS, DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin: hrs. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 122S Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure: no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
. female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write, 1023H Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills. $1; cure
$5. 1362 Market St., bet. 7th-Bth. tel. Mint 1633.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to 5 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
.■comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
BUCKEYE capsules, a boon to married ladles;
harmless, safe, sure; $1 box; sample box 25c.
Buckeye Co., Station M, San Francisco, Cal.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
• eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedeniann, midwife.
LADIES — Cure guaranteed for monthly trou-
bles: $5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. 1118 Mkt.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
______—__—— :
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers day and evening; catalogue free
• HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post et.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new* typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity' at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6, Parrott bldg.
AYREB' Business. College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, -telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters an teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates :i, day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1239 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing, ,mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day ft eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. 1001 Sutter st
„ ___________
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C, March 4, IS99—
Notice Is hereby given that the time for open-
Ing the bids for the masonry work, roof cov-
ering, etc.. of the postofflce, court house, etc.,
building at San Francisco. Cal.. Is hereby ex-
tended from 2 o'clock p. m. on the 30th day
of March, 1899. to 2 o'clock p. m. on the 17th
day of April, 1899. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect.
TREASURY Department, office supervising
architect, Washington, D. C, February 23,
18»9.— Sealed proposals will be received at this
■ office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 30th day of i
March. 1899, and then opened, for all the
masonry work, roof covering, etc.. for the
United States post office, courthouse, etc.,
building at San Francisco. Cal.. in accordance
with the drawings • and - specification. \ copies
of which may be obtained at this office or at
the office of the superintendent at San Fran-
cisco, Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR. Super-
vising Architect. - - ; J
CITY REAL, ESTATE.
■ MISSION COTTAGES —
Four, 5, 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St., between Castro and
- Noe; $KOO to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
WILL build 7-rooni house, Webster, near
Union, and sell: $500 cash; balance $35 per
month. . THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
NEW— Corner of Chestnut and Leavenworth
sts. ; 6 rooms, bath; marine view; street work
done; small cash payment; lot 27:6x110.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; lot 28x70; cheap. 7 Church
lane, gear Sixteenth st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— acres of land; near school;
facing county road to San Jose, bet. Warm
Springs and Mllpltas; 3 acres vineyard, bal-
ance Brain land; good 9-room house, barn,
well, windmill and tank. For further par-
ticulars call 425 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE— Cheap; $500; house of 5 rooms In
San Jose. Call 410 Octavla st.
2 ACRES; small house of 3 rooms: barn; about
60 fruit trees; fine place for chicken ranch;
located about 2% miles north of Hay wards;
very cheap. ARMSTRONG, Real Estate
Agent, Haywards.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from- S. F— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO., rm. 27, Bth floor Mills bdlg., S. F.
NEW "rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., B. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$5000— EQUITY: 80 acres fruit and vines; never-
falling crop; 10- room house; large barn; Santa
Cruz County: will take same equity In bay
property. Address box 300, Call office.
WANTED— For fine-located city property, pay-
Ing general ranch in Sonoma County; 50 to 160
acres. EITEL. 1016 Market st.
•GOOD property to exchange for a hotel. J. H.
EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
i BUSINESS corner property wanted; $5850 cash.
W., box 407. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good; security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-63 Donohoe bfdg.. 1170 Market st.
I LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOULD, 131
Montgomery st. S. F.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market fit. : tel. Main 1844.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or ! your
i salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
! ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co.. 1003V4 Broadway,
Oakland; hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY 636 Market st.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
" MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— Loan of $10,000 on good Berkeley
rental property: income $135 per month: will
pay 8 per cent Interest; also other loans.
Address C. P. KERN, 2429 Bancroft way,
Berkeley. Cal.
""""■..■ FINANCIAL. .."
' MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
| tels. etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Emamlner big.
~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $5 per month we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos ."or $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
. Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
! A FEW UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
j Cramer: good for practice $'2
I Weber; fine condition 161
Sterling: walnut case 1*»
Bradford grand upright ...150
Easy payments: guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. * .
MAGNIFICENT Hallett & Davis "upright:
must be .sold at once: an offer wanted by
private owner. Room 10, Flood building.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1710 Mkt.
FINE Estoy organ: a bargain; good as new.
Apply forenoons. 614 Shotwell st.
BARGAIN In fine upright piano at 'room 16,
1021 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PJano Co.. 580 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett _ Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright' cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister st. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMEK pianos are the best BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
___________
SIIEK iW'S SALK.
SHERIFF'S SALE— JAMES D. BYRNES,
plaintiff, vs. A. DAVIDSON, defendant.
Sale. Superior Court, Department No. 7.
No. 67324. Execution.
Under and by virtue of an execution, issued
out of the Superior Court, Department No.
7. of the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 4th day of March,
A. D. 1599, in the above entitled action, where-
in JAMES D. BYRNES, the above named
plaintiff, obtained a Judgment against A.
DAVIDSON, defendant, on the 13th day of
February. A. D. 1899, which said judgment
was recorded In the clerk's office of said
court, I am commanded to sell all the right,
title and interest of the above named de-
fendant. ALONZO DAVIDSON, in and to all
that certain lot, piece or parcel of land, sult-
uate, lying and being in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, and
bounded and described as follows:
Commencing on the southerly line of Na-
toma street, one hundred ninety-six and 3-12
feet (196 8-11) west from its intersection with
the westerly line of Fifth street, and one
hundred and sixty feet (160) north from
Howard street; thence west on the said
southerly line of Natoma street and parallel
with Howard street twenty-one and 3-12 feet
(21 3-12) feet: thence southerly and parallel
with Fifth street eighty (80) feet; thence
easterly and parallel with Howard street
twenty-one and 3-12 feet (21 3-12): thence
northerly and parallel with Fifth -street
eighty (80) feet to Natoma street and the
point of commencement.
Being a. portion of subdivisions 19 and 20
of 100-vara lot number 196, according to the
official map and survey of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Public notice is hereby given that on
TUESDAY, the 4th day of April, A. D. 1899,
at 12 o'clock, noon, of that day, in front of
• the New City Hall, Larkin street wing. In
the City and County of San Francisco, I will,
in obedience to said execution, sell all of the
right title and Interest of the above named
defendant. ALONZO DAVIDSON. in and to
the above described property, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to raise suf-
ficient money to satisfy said judgment, with
interest and costs, etc., to the highest an.i
- best bidder for lawful money of the United
States. HENRY S. MARTIN.
. Sheriff.
San Francisco, March 13th, 1899.
JOHN W. BOX7RDETTE. Call Building.
San Francisco. Attorney for Plaintiff.
STOI.AGE.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advances, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. -,
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; private; estates. J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister, nr. Hlbernia Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. ..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
THE recent decision in Oakland's annexation
suit; the* prospect of the Santa Fe Railroad:
the proposed "cross town boulevards" from
Piedmont Hills to connect with prospective
ferry at Emeryville, and the new electric rail-
road now in course of construction on San
Pablo aye.. is creating an unusual demand
for "North Oakland Real Estate." Lots and
acreage property belonging to the estate of
Margaret P. McCourtney, deceased, located
in that district and valued at over $60,000,
now on the market at private sale, subject
to withdrawal as soon as all debts and
claims are paid. For particulars address
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY, Executor, 470
Thirteenth St., Oakland, Cal.
6 1-3 ACRES: Contra Costa County: alfalfa
fields: small orchard: $1150: very cheap. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR — Three modern houses, 8 rooms, just
finished: cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN. 3d & Washington sts.. Oakland.
OAKI,A.\r> 11 KM II FOR SALE.
' FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
I $2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. ; easy terms.
Elegant new home, 8 rooms: lot 42x138;
Santa Clara aye.: terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— N«w Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 42x
207; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— house of 8 rooms: lot 40x150: fine
location; San Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
! terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner, <; 2:5: store and fiat
above; new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East. ,
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO.. 1432 Park st.
$1100— LOT 50x150; San Jose aye. $415: terms;
lot 30x160. $1000; cottage 5 rooms. $16 50; cot-
tage 5 rooms; large lot. J. H. YOUNG,
builder. 12*3 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A GENUINE BARGAIN!
House of 7 rooms, bath, etc. : modern plumb-
Ing: wired for electricity; corner lot; street
work done one side: centrally located; owner
going away; price $2300: easy terms.
O. G. MAY & CO.,
i 2123 Center Ft., Berkeley.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. -
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
■ In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CALVERT— In this city. March 6, 1539, to the
wife of James A. Calvert. a son.
McTIERNAN— In Alma. Cal., March 9, 1533, to
the wife of James McTiernan. a son.
MARRIED.
CUSHING— BATERSBEE— In San Rafael. Feb-
ruary 20. 1899. James H. crushing of Golden
Gate station and Kittle C. Batersbee of West
Berkeley.
EHRET— LANG— In this city, March 11, by the
Rev. J. Fuendeling. Albert Hermann Ehret
and Maria Margar»tha Lang.
LINDHARD— SMITH— In this city. March 12,
1839, by John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. Harold W.
Lindhard and Cora Edna Smith, both of
Oakland.
SCHNEESIG— SCHMIDT— In this city, March
11, 1599, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Albert
" Schneeslg and Lena Schmidt.
___
Annis, Ralph F. Josselyn. Eliza D.
- Almon, David T.y->n. Mary A. -
Bowler. Timothy Mablev. John
Buhsen, Diedrich Murphy. Minnie
Condon, Alice Manheim, Estelle
; Code. Canda Murasky. Ellen
Comerford." Joseph M. Magorty. Michael R.
Collins. Dennis B. O'Brien. Kate C.
. Dowdy, Judge Perry Peard, Henry
Dolan, Frank E. Pettlt, Alanson
Ftnnegnn, Josie C. - Phillpott. Addison
Gilstrap, Susan M. Rowan. Maria J.
Gilbert. Caroline Reiterman. Raymond
Gorman, Mary F. Schulte, Mary A.
Oruner, Ferdinand Sherman. Agnes C.
Glover. Hannah Silva. Tobaiso C.
Hansen. Mary Taylor, Wilbur L. F.
Hansen. Mary C. Thomson, 1-enrietta
Horn, Joseph P. Vanderslice, Wm. K.
Holt. Newton A. Webb, Deborah A.
Watts, Theodore T.
ALMON— In this city. March 11. 1899, David,
beloved husband of Ethel Almon. brother of
William, Edward and Marie Almon and Mrs.
F. Welch, and son-in-law of Mrs. Margaret
McAullffe, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years and 10 months.
[u7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2850 Twenty-second street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
ANNIS— In this city, March 12. IS9O, Ralph F.,
beloved son of Arthur M. and Emma D. An-
nls, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months.
BOWLER— In this city. March 12. 1593, Tim-
othy, dearly beloved son of Timothy and Nora
Bowler, and brother of Maurice. John. Mary,
Catherine. William, Edward and Thomas
Bowler, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years.
E7"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, foot of Buchanan street,
thence to St. Bridget's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
• o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUHSEN— In Upper Fruitvale, March 12, 1599,
; Diedrlch Buhsen, beloved father of Mrs. '
George D. Welch and Nickolas 3uhsen, a na-
tive of Gluckstadt, Holstein, Germany, aged
78 years 7 months and 16 j days.
CONDON— this city, March 11. 1899, at her
residence, 1227 Mission street, Alice, beloved
wife of John Condon, and mother of Annie,
John, Alice and Thomas Condon, a native
of Ireland, aged 46 years.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
d ence, 1227 Mission street, thence to St. •>-
-seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
• commencing at 9 o'clock. ■ Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CODE— this city. March 11. 1899. Canda, be-
loved child of William F. and the late Canda
Code, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months. . .
COMERFORD— In this city. March 11. 1899, Jo-
seph M., beloved husband of Eliza K. Comer-
ford, father of Emmet, Joseph. Lydla, Nettle,
Alice, Eugene, Irene and Raymond Comer-
ford, and brother of Sister i Mary de Sales
and Mrs. William Chandler. Mrs. Mary Hill,
Mrs. Margaret Chandler, Mrs. J. Moffltt.
Mrs.' L. Fava and John J. Comerford, a na-
tive of Sydney, Australia, aged 48 years 1
month and 24 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2736 Folsom street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. March, 11. 1839, Dennis
B ■ beloved husband of Margaret Collins, and
father of Ella. Edward. Richard and Charles
Collins, a native of the parish of aheragh.
County Cork. Ireland, aged 68 years. (New
Bedford. Mass.. papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 922 Pine street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
DOWDY— In this city. March 12, 1899. Judge
Perry Dowdy of Gilroy Township, a native of
North Carolina, aged 73 years.
DOLAN— In this city. March 11, 1599. Frank E.,
beloved son of Thomas and Winifred Do-
lan and brother of John, Belle and Minnie
Dolan. a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years.
C?" The funeral .will take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 834 Bay street, thence to St. Bridget's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will i
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FINNEGAN— In this city, March 11, 1893, Josie
C beloved daughter of Joanna and the l^te
Peter Flnneg-an, a native of San , Francisco,
aged 24 years.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), fit 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 27 Ford street, thence to Mission Do-
. lores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
GILSTRAP— In Oakland, March 11, ISM, Susan
M.. mother of Lundsford L., Maud. Eliza-
beth. Toser. Edna. Lillle and Lucy Gilstrap,
daughter of Mrs. Temple C. Holt, and sister
of Isaac and the late Newton A. Holt, a na-
tive of Tennessee, aged 50 years and 6
months.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 703 Campbell " street. j Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
GILBERT— In this city. March 12, 1599. Caro-
line, relict of Ferdinand Gilbert, and beloved
mother of Ferdinand and Caroline Gilbert and'
the late Eugenia Kelly, a native of Germany,
.. aged 65 years.
- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1408 Sixteenth street, between De Haro
and Caroline. 'Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
GORMAN— In this city. March 11. 1539, Mary v
Frances,' dearly beloved wife of Simon Gor-
man, a native of the city of Sligo, Ireland,
aged 57 years and 2 days.
GRUNER— In this city, March 12. 1893. Ferdi-
nand Gruner, a native of Philadelphia, aged
40 years and 19 days.
Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
GLOVER— In this city. March 12, 1599. at her
residence. 11 Glen Park avenue. Hannah," be-
loved wife of Robert O. Glover, and daugh-
; ter of John Murray, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 years. (Oakland papers please
copy.) •
IC7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
HANSEN— In this city, March 12. . 1599. Mary.
beloved wife of the late Peter Hansen, and
mother of Peter R. Hansen and the late
Mrs. Ella M. McGlnness, a native of the par-
ish of Anakissy. County Cork. Ireland, aged
77 years.
CFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at S:3O
o'clock, from the residence of her nieces
O'Halloran. 709 Howard street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city, March 11. 1899. Mary
C. dearly beloved and only daughter of Axel
and the late Mary E. Hansen. a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years and 3 month?.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence;
of her parents. 725 Minnesota street. Potrero.
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HORN— In this city. March 12. 1599. Joseph P.,
beloved husband of the late Kate C. Horn,
father of W. C. and the late Alexander Horn
and the late Mrs. Emma Van De Water and
Kate Horn, and grandfather of Emma and
Irene Van De Water, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 63 years and 9 months.
1C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his son. W. C. Horn. 20 Hamilton place,
off Folsom street, near Third. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOLT— In Oakland. March 11. 1899. Newton A..
beloved husband of Julia Holt, son of Mrs.
Tempe Cornelius Holt, brother of Isaac Holt.
Mrs. U. A. Bear and the late Mrs. Margaret
S. GUstrap. and brother-in-law of Miss Hyde
and Mrs. Mary Ayers. a native of Tennessee,
aged 47 years 2 months and 22 days. A mem-
ber of Occidental Lodge No. 6. A. O. U. W.
(Tennessee papers please copy.)
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 915 Wood street, West Oakland. Ser-
vices at the cemetery under the auspices of
Occidental Lodge No. 6. A. O. U. W. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
JOPSELYN— In San Rafael, March 11. 1895.
Eliza Dyer, wife of George M. Josselyn. and
mother of Charles Josselyn. (Boston and
Pembroke, Mass., papers please copy.)
Funeral and interment private.
LYON— In this city. March 12. 1899. Mary A.
Lyon, formerly of Newark, N. J.. mother of
Mrs. A B. Gariot and Mrs. M. Ella Storms
of Paterson. N. J., a native of Connecticut,
aged 63 years.
MABLEY— In this city. March 11. 1899. John
Mabley, beloved father of Bert. Parnell. Ed-
ward and Maude Mabley, a native of Eng-
land, aged 51 years- 11 months and 11 days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Laurel Hall.
Shiels building. 32 O'Farrell street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. March 10, 1899. Min-
nie, dearly beloved wife of Frank Murphy,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Cantor, and sis-
ter of Abe, Dave and Joseph Cantor and Mrs.
James Shan), a native of Nevada, aged 23
years and 2 months.
CyFrlendii and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3 Hopeton terrace, off Washington
street between Stockton and Powell, thence
by 3:30 o'clock train for Hills of Eternity
Cemetery.
MANHEIM— In this city. March 12. 1599. Es-
telle Manheim. mother of Mrs. ■ harles W eln-
shenk and Henry S., Fred. Emil, Paul and
Gus Manheim. and sister of Mrs. Julie
Frankel and Gabriel and Isaac Loeb. a na-
tive of Strasburg. Alsace, aged 60 years.
[C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1R22 Geary street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Town^end streets.
MURASKY— In this city, March 12. 1599, at her
residence, 71S FranSTm street, Ellen, beloved
wife .of -William Murasky. -and mother of
Judge Frank J. Murasky. a native of Ireland.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
MAGORTY— In this city, March 12. IS??.
Michael R.. beloved brother of Hugh. Wil-
liam and John Magorty, a native of County
Leltrlm, Ireland.
O'BRIEN— In this city. March 10. 1?99. Kate
C, dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and
Mary J. O'Brien, a native of San Francisco.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1709 Broderick street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, corner Bush and Stelner
streets, ■ where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commercing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PEARD— In this city, March 12. 1899. Henry,
beloved husband of Sophie Peard. and father
• of Mrs. James Robertson, Mrs. E. Z. Bow*n.
Mrs. B. W. Short and Johnny Peard. a na-
tive of England, aged 47 years 5 months and
. 4 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Memorial
Hall. I. O. O. F. building, corner of Market
and Seventh streets.
PETTIT— In this city March 11, 1599. Alanson
Pettlt. a native of New York, aged 66 years.
PHILPOTT— this cUy, March 11, 1899. Addi-
son. dearly beloved husband of Ellen Phil-
pott, and father of Henry, Daniel and Martin
Philpott and the late Mrs. J. T. Dailey, a
native of Springfield. 111., aged 61 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1904 McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, Eddy street, near Scott, where
a requiem high mass will De celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
ROWAN— this city. March 12. 1839, Maria
Jane, beloved wife of Patrick J. Rowan, be-
loved mother of J. P.. Maria, Ethel Jane and
Sarah Kate Rowan, sister of B. and Timothy
McDermatt, niece of Mrs. Leonard, . and
cousin of • Patrick, Thomas and Mary Me-
Dermott. a native of County Galway, Ireland.
aged 33 years.
inTNotice of funeral hereafter.
REITERMAN-In this city, March 12, 1899,
Raymond L., dearly beloved son of William,
and Mary Reiterman, and brother of 'Willie.
Neil and Percy Relterman. a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months an<r 15
days.
SCHULTE— In this city. March 10, 1539. Mary
A.. relict of Theodore Schulte, • a native of
Ireland, aged 65 years.
[T?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday). at 8:30 o'clock, from Immaculate
Conception Convent, Guerrero street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to
St James Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
SHERMAN— this city. March 11. 1899, Ague*
C., beloved wife of Charles H. Sherman of
Santa Barbara. Invited to attend the funeral
(C^Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
services to-morrow (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock,
at the residence of her brother-in-law. Mr. F.
A. Hyde. 1500 Larkin street. Interment at
Santa Barbara. ;
SILVA— In this city, March 11, 1899, Tobaiso
• Cievea Silva, a veteran of the Mexican War,
a native of Portugal, aged 69 years and
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of George Collins. 3506 Seventeenth street. In-
t»rm«mt National (Presidio) Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In Oakland. March 11. 1893, Wilbur
Leslie Francis, youngest son of J. R. and
Katie Taylor, a native of Oakland, aged 1
year and 10 months.
THOMSON— In this city. March 11. 1893, Henri-
etta Enid, only daughter of Ernest and Es-
ter Thomson, and granddaughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Thomson and Mr. and I Mrs.
Charles J. Dukers of Oakland, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 20 days. .
(CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 343 Pierce street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
VANDERSLICE— In this city. March 12, 1899.
William X.. beloved husband of the late
Katherine Vanderslice. and lather of Jean-
ette, Hermine and Milton T. Vanderslice and
Mrs. J. S. Johnson, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., aged 75 years 6 months ;.nd 12 days,
Notice of funeral hereafter. .
WEBB— In San Lorenzo, March 12, 1899, Debo-
rah A., widow of the late Captain Otis Webb,
and mother of Mrs. John S. Engs of Oak-
land. Mrs. Harry W. Meek and Edward O.
Webb of San Lorenzo, a native of New Bed-
ford, Mass., aged 79 years 5 months and 18
days.
(C7"Funeral private.
WATTS— In this city, March 11, 1539, Theodore
Thomas Watts, late master of British bark
Sharpshooter, a native of Newfoundland.
aged 49 years. . -. . • ,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAi.M£RS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South SO. ;
McAVOY <fc co .*»^,». 3
JTNEKAI. DIRECTORS «c EMBALiHM I
1235 Market st. between Bth and Wk . I
FUNEKAL Ui_Ki>_XOßS ie EMB.A.L.AIKR* I
1226 Market «L. between Bth and »tfe.
Telephone. South 247. fl
1112
EXPOSITION
FAVORED BY
LABOR'S SONS
Opposition of Building Trades
Council Is Withdrawn.
At a Special Meeting Yesterday It Was
Decided That the Organization Would
Support the Proposed Fair.
THE only organized opposition to the
proposed Pacific Ocean and Interna
tional Exposition to be held In 13W
has been overcome and the fair is
now virtually an assured fact. Owing to
a misapprehension on the part o. the
I'.uilding Trades Council, that organiza
tion was at first opposed to the big enter
prise Yesterday a meeting of the council j
was held, and after the matter had been
thoroughly mv. Stigated -i resolution waa
r as=ed which not only indicated that the
proposition would receive no opposition
but assured the prime movers in the un
dertaking that the council was heartily
!n favor of the exposition and would give
substantial support in making it a sue-
When the exposition was first talked of
the Building Trades Council people were
interviewed by some parties interested in
having the plans fail. The members of
the council were told that the proposed
exposition would be under the same man
agement as that of the Midwinter Fair.
At the time the buildings for the latter
exposition were erected there was consid
erable dissatisfaction among the laboring
people on account of the fact that men
were brought from the East to construct
the buildings, when plenty of home labor
could be secured. Wages were cut down
under the schedule set by the trades
unions, and union men could not work for
the money offered.
The Building Trades Council, hearing
that the Pacific Ocean Exposition would
treat labor as did the managers of the
Midwinter Fair, naturally took sided
against the proposed exposition. The Ex- ;
aminer has opposed the exposition, which |
it Is believed will be of great benefit
to California, and when it learned
of the dissatisfaction of the coun
cil made much of it. Members of
the council were told by representatives
of that paper that organized labor would
receive no consideration from the mana- j
gers, and on the strength of this informa- j
tton the council took a decided stand j
against the exposition. Interviews with j
prominent members of the council, who ,
believed what they were told, were print- j
ed in the Examiner and added fuel to ihe i
NICARAGUA CANAL WILL
CERTAINLY BE BUILT;
CONGRESSMAN J. A. BARHAM
SO DECLARES.
He Tells of Difficulties Encountered
by the House Committee in
Having a Favorable Bill
Passed.
"The Nicaragua canal will be built as
sure as the sun shines in the heavens."
These are the words of Congressman Bar
ham of the First District, who has just
returned from Washington, D. C, with
his wife, son and daughter. Mr. Barham
told of the difficulties experienced by the
Interstate and Foreign Commerce
House Committee in having a
measure passed which will insure
the construction of the canal. This
bill authorizes the President to employ
an unlimited force of men to prepare
plans for the proposed improvement, mili
tary and civil engineers among others,
who will present a report at the next ses-
Blon of Congress, when an appropriation
will undoubtedly be made to carry out the
recommendations as to the most feasible
route.
"The great difficulty we encountered,"
continued Mr. Barham, "was that four
members of the committee offered bills
for consideration, and after much discus
-Bion that of Colonel Hepburn of lowa was
found to be the simplest and best of all.
I suggested that his bill be taken up, and
the only objection to it was that it pro
vided that the United States should have
absolute sovereignty over the strip of ter
ritory upon which the canal will be built.
Now the Costa Rican and Nicaraguan
Governments expressly forbid the trasfer
of the sovereignty of any portion of the
soil, and the word "sovereignty" was
stricken out. The bill further ignored
any consideration of the Maritime Canal
Company to pay its claim of $5,000,000, as
embodied In the Morgan bill. There was
to be no concession for the one and a half
miles which the company had constructed,
besides eleven miles of railroad and nu
merous jetties. -That was an after con
sideration for the Government to deter
mine. The bill was to be tacked on to the
river and harbor bill, but the latter passed
the House before the amendment could
be reported.
"f" endeavored to have the Hepburn bill
put on the river and harbor bill in tho
Senate, but it was denied on the ground
that the territory in question was for
eign. This was in direct contravention
to the improvements made by the Gov
ernment at Pearl harbor and Pago Pago.
I told Senator White then that unless it
was put on the sundry civil bill in the
Senate I would move heaven and earth
to defeat the latter measure. The com
promise bill. was the result. This will in
sure the construction of the Nicaragua
canal. Of that I feel quite certain."
MEETING OF EDITORS.
Prepare for National Association's
Convention in Portland.
. The executive committee of the Califor
nia Press Association held a meeting at
the Occidental Hotel Saturday night. E.
B. Willis of the Sacramento Record-Union
presided, and the following editors were
also present: G. M. Francis of the Napa
Register: T. G. Danlells, Alameda Ar
gus; Raleigh Barcar, Vacaville Report
er; F. H. Owen, Winters Express; Dun
can McPherson. Santa Cruz Sentinel; R.
H. Jury, San Mateo Leader; J. A. Filcher,
Auburn Herald, and W. D. Pennycook,
Vallfjo Chronicle.
A subcommittee, consisting of Barcar,
Daniels and Pennycook, was appointed
by the chair to make arrangements for
the spring meeting of the association, to
be held next May. The committee has in
view Nevada City and Sonora as a place
to hold the convention, but it may choose
one not yet considered.
At the spring meeting ten delegates
from this State to the convention of the
National Editorial Association, to be held
in Portland, Or., will be elected.
T. G. Daniells, national committeeman
of the association, read an extended re
port of the meeting of the national com
mittee held last February in St. Louis,
Jn which a Eugene Field session in con
nection with the Portland meeting was
strongly recommended and will be car
ried into effect.
A Switchman Crushed to Death.
James Barley, a switchman in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific Company,
while engaged in coupling cars at Fourth
and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock Sat
urday night, was caught between two
care and terribly crushed. He was con
veyed to St. Mary's Hospital, where it
wa's found that his ribs had been broken
and his thigh and pelvis injured. Death
ensued at 11 o'clock yesterday forenoon.
Barley was 38 years of age, and had been
in the employ of the company for about
six years.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
nl« free. Address Anakesis. New York. •
flame of opposition which had sprung up
in the council.
Learning- of the position the council
had taken in the matter, Hon. Charles L.
Patton, the chairman of the legislative
committee of the propose... exposition, de
termined to ascertain the cause of the op
position, and discovered that it was en
tirely due to a misapprehension. He
addressed a communication to P. H. Mc-
Carthy, the president of the council, in
viting the organization to thoroughly in
vestigate the methods and motives of the
managers of the proposed exposition.
Acting on the letter of Mr. Patton the
council, ever willing: to be just, appoint
ed a committee to look into the matter.
The committee, composed of Messrs. P.
H. McCarthy, the president; E. L. Mals
bary, L. J. Nevers and W. N. Page, wait
ed on Mr. Patton and heard the story as
told by the people favoring the exposi
tion, which differed materially from the
information given them by the opposi
tion. Further investigation by the com
mittee proved to the members that the
managers of the exposition were friendly
to organized labor and proposed to see
that the interests of the laboring men of
California should be well taken care of.
Yesterday a special meeting of the
Building Trades Council waa called and
the committee made its report. It laid
before the council the result of the thor
ough investigation which had been made
and advised that all opposition should be
withdrawn and that a resolution should
be adopted favoring the holding of the
exposition. The suggestion of the com
mittee was well received and the resolu
tion advised adopted almost unanimously.
The action of the council yesterday vir
tually assures the passage of the $500,000
appropriation bill which is a special order
of business in the Assembly to-day. A
number of the members of the council are
in the Assembly and Senate, and these
on account of the feeling of the building
and trades people have been opposing the
passage of the bill. These legislators will
be notified to-day that the council is
heartily in favor of the exposition and
they will be urged to vote for the appro
priation. A member of the council will be
sent to Sacramento this morning to ac
quaint the Assemblymen with the action
taken by that body yesterday and to ask
them to support the bill. At the next
meeting the council will appoint a com
mittee to work with the managers of the
exposition in their effort to make it a
success.
RUNAWAY ACCIDENTS
ON THE PARK ROADS
JUDGE KERRIGAN NARROWLY
ESCAPES BEING ARRESTED.
H. C. Siem. and a Young- Lady Are
Thrown From a Buggy, but Es
cape Serious Injury.
Despite the fierce north wind that blew
the dust In clouds along- the park roads
yesterday there was the usual large Sun
day crowd gathered for the weekly out-
Jng-.
Late in the afternoon a maddened horse
under the guidance of H. C. Siem broke
his reins and played havoc with the
driver. The horse raced down the north
drive, and upsetting- the buggy at the
juncture of the bicycle path with the main
drive below the Francis Drake cross,
slipped the harness and tore down the
narrow cycle road toward the beach.
Siem was thrown, as was the young lady
with him. The lady was uninjured, but
the driver of the wild steed landed on his
head. He was carried to the Park Emer
gency Hospital, where he was examined.
DID THEY PERISH OR DID
THEY BEAT THE BOATMAN ?
Mysterious Disappearance of Two Men Who Hired a Skiff, Afterward
Found Adrift, Puzzles the Potrero Police.
All day yesterday the Potrero
police worked diligently to obtain
some clew to the two mysterious men
who rented a boat from John Bonner
Saturday morning and then disappear
ed. The boat was found at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon, drifting under the
Union Iron Works wharf. In it waa
an old brown coat and a black vest.
The question which puzzles the police
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, MONDAY, MARCH 13, 1899.
SIGNOR CEPPI TO
SING WITH MELBA
The Famous Italian Tenor En
Route to San Francisco.
Manager Charles Ellis was as
happy as a big sunflower yesterday
over the receipt of a dispatch from
Signor Ceppi of the Metropolitan
Opera Company announcing that he
would arrive in San Francisco to
morrow evening. Several weeks ago
Mr. Ellis opened negotiations with
the famous Italian tenor, but at
that time the signor's engagements
in New York precluded the idea of
a trip to the Pacific Coast with the
Ellis Company. That matters have
been so arranged that he will join
the galaxy of stars at the Grand
Opera House so soon is good cause
for rejoicing not only by Mr. Ellis
but by all lovers of grand opera in
San Francisco.
Signor Ceppi is one of the greatest
of Italian heroic tenors. He will
make his debut on Thursday evening
with Gadski in "Aida." This of
course has necessitated a change in
the repertoire of the Ellis Opera
Company, and to-morrow evening
in the place of "Aida" will be given
the double bill of "Cavalleria Rusti
cana." and "I Pagliacci." with Sig
norina Rosalia Chalia in the roles
of Santuzza and Nedda. This double
bill is one of the strongest cards of
the company, and the opportunity
of hearing this great lyric soprano
will no doubt be eagerly welcomed
by the public of San Francisco.
Pandolfini and Bensaude will both
appear to-morrow evening. Chalia,
who is of Spanish extraction, is a
young lady who has already at
but no serious injuries were found by the
attendant medicos..
While returning from the Cliff House
Judge Kerrigan, in company with R. A.
Auzerais, was stopped for fast driving.
Kerrigan, who was handling the reins,
lost control of his horse and a park po
liceman catching sight of the outfit
deemed it wise to arrest its mad career.
The explanations which the Judge of
fered did not satisfy the officer and the |
former would have been placed in the j
lockup had not H. J. Moore arrived Just I
in time to vouch for the Identity of the .
Judge. The officer finally allowed the \
Judge to proceed on the promise that
Auzerals would take the ribbons.
FUNERAL OF DR. MUFFE.
A Great Throng Attends the Services
in Masonic Temple.
Many people who desired to attend the
funeral ceremony of the late Dr. Fred
erick P. Muffe were unable to gain ad
mission into Masonic Temple yesterday
afternoon. Hundreds of friends of the
family crowded the hall long before the
hour set for the services, and when the
Js, are the two men at the bottom of
the bay, or did they abandon the boat
to avoid paying for the use of it?
Lieutenant of Police Anderson of the
Potrero station is inclined to accept
the latter view as the solution of the
mystery. Nevertheless, he is making
every effort to ascertain if anybody is
missing. Policemen in the South San
Francisco district are making inces
sant inquiries and a detail was sent
out to search the wharves yesterday
for anything that would throw light
on the case. Nothing to indicate who
the men were or what became of them
was found. Nobody has been reported
missing to the Potrero station. or to
the Chiefs office.
John Bonner, owner of the boat,
lives near the Arctic Oil Company's
wharf. He says that early Saturday
morning two young men, whom he
thinks, from their manner and accent,
tamed deserved prominence and
fame as an artist. Her voice is
sweet, pure and powerful, and in ad
dition she Is an actress of great nat
ural intensity. Her Santuzza is said
by critics to rank with that of any
actress who has ever played the
part.
Ceppi made his debut at the Thea
tre Dal Verne in Milan in 1894 in the
character of Manrlco. He is a pu
pil of the celebrated Boschini. After
achieving great success in Verdi's
early operas he studied to fit him
self for the greater requirements of
more intricate roles. He has sung
at Rome, Naples, Florence. Turin
and Covent Gardens, and in every
Instance his success has been won
derful.
Mme. Melba and Mile, de Lussan
rehearsed at the Grand Opera House
yesterday morning. All the members
of the company spent the afternoon
in visiting the various points of in
terest In and about the city. Mme.
Melba lunched with some New
York friends at the Palace. Mile.
de Lussan and Mme. Gadski took
in the park and Cliff House.
Mr. Kllis said yesterday that the
performance would begin this even
ing promptly at 8 o'clock, and that
he hoped every one would be pres
ent at that time and not mar the
pleasure of others by their late en
trance. Mme. Melba objects greatly
to people entering after she has be
gun to sing, as it disturbs her.
funeral cortege arrived the corridors
were tilled. Many exquisite floral pieces
bore silent and beautiful testimony to the
regard in which the late phvslclan wan
held.
Crockett Lodge, No. 139. F. and A.
M., took charge of the obsequies, and
"Worthy Master G. C. Groezinger read
the burial service. The Masonic Quar
tet rendered beautiful and appropriate
music. Several secret societies of which
deceased was a member sent delegations.
The pall bearers wore:
Crockett Lodge— Charles Celarius, Chris
Bruse; Franklin Building and Loan As
sociation, F. Luedemann. R. Wieneke;
United Order of Red Men, Henry Ebel
ing; Odd Fellows, F. F. Davidson. Hon
orary pall bearers: Walhalla Encamp
ment, Odd Fellows, Fred 'Wagner; Ger
man Press Club, M. Greenblatt, Hans
Dabis; Red Men. Charles Schlessinger:
California Scheutzen Club, Philo Jacoby,
Fred Kuhls.
The remains were taken to the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery and placed In the re
ceiving vault, preparatory to cremation.
Don't miss General Shafter's lecturo
next Thursday evening at Association
Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets. •
were Englishmen, asked for a skiff.
They said they wished to row out to a
vessel at anchor and would pay for
the use of the boat when they return
ed. That was the last he saw of them.
Late in the afternoon he was inform
ed that a skiff had been found adrift
and he identified it as the boat he had
leased in the morning. Bonner's de
scription of the men is as follows:
One was about 25 years of age, 5 feet
11 inches tall, and slender. The sec
ond was about 22 years old, 5 feet 7
Inches tall, slim and smooth shaven;
wore jean trousers and cap. The
boatman's indefinite description has
not aided the police any in getting a
trace of the men.
The boatman believes his customers
came ashore all right and not only
beat him out of his money, but left
the boat untied and it drifted down to
the iron works.
YOUNG McNUTT
CHALLENGED
TO A DUEL
" Baron " Rosenow
Thirsts for Blood.
MEDICAL STUDENTS EXCITED
JOKE TO BE EXPIATED ON
THE F IELD OF HONOR.
Sand Dunes in the Vicinity of the
Affiliated Colleges May Be
Drenched With Gore of
Combatants.
"You must fight me; I demand satis
faction for this insult, sir!"
"All right, old boy; what shall it be—
swords or pistols?"
"Bah! It Is no joke. I shall send my
friend to you at once. Here is my card."
"Good for you. old hoss; here Is mine.
Send him along."
The above conversation, marked by sup
pressed excitement on the part of the
challenger and aggravating- nonchalance
on the part of the challenged, is alleged
to have taken place in the Toland Medical
School of the Affiliated Colleges several
days ago, and has since formed the ab
sorbing topic of discussion among the
student body. The youthful medicos are
now on the qul vive. Bones and tissues
are forgotten, and all interest in the
study of anatomy, osteotomy and kindred
matters are obscured in the prospect of a
real meeting on the field of honor between
a scion of German nobility and an Ameri
can aristocrat. For, be it known, the
central figures in this highly exciting epi
sode are none other than "Baron" Albert
Rosenow, late of Germany, and Fletcher
McNutt, son of Dr. W. F. McNutt of this
city. Both are credited with being fire
eaters and spillers of gore, and when
they come together something Is bound
to happen. In the meantime the dissect
ing room at the college has been con
verted into a debating club, where the
champions of the principals in the pro
posed duel indulge in heated discussions
of the relative merits of the men.
In appearance the "Baron" has the ad
vantage. He has all the earmarks of a
duelist, and it is whispered that he has
at least a dozen bloody victories to his
credit, won on the field of honor in the
old country. Then, too, the "Baron"
ignites with the facility of a parlor match,
something very desirable in a genuine
duellist of the old school, as the display
of pyrotechnics is calculated to fluster
the other fellow and cause him to lose his
nerve.
McNutt is disinclined to take life se
riously, and therefore would be disquali
fied to fight in the realm of the Kaiser, or
In any other realm where dueling is rec
ognized as legitimate among the "best
families." However, the "Baron" realizes
that his opponent has not had, the bene
fit of his experience in the business of sat
isfying honor, and will stretch a point in
McNutt's favor rather than be denied. It
is understood the seconds have been se
lected and the preliminaries all arranged,
and some nice moonlight night two young
men will seek a secluded spot in the vi
cinity of the colleges and proceed to be
spatter the surrounding sand dunes with
each other's gore until the tarnished
honor of the "Baron" has been restored to
its wonted brilliancy. Then they will
shake hands and swear to be friends for
evermore, pledge each other and their
seconds to secrecy— and send a report of
the affair to the newspapers. That Is the
present programme, according to those
who pretend to be posted, but the con
test may take on a more sanguinary hue,
and instead of shaking hands after the
scrap one of the duelists may be com
pelled to shake the dust of the country
from his feet while the friends of his
late opponent are engaged in packing the
remains of their champion off to the
Morgue-^r the dissecting room.
It is not known just how the misunder- 1
standing arose, but it appears that
young McNutt, who is somewhat of a
joker, has been indulging in his natural
propensity of late s,t the expense of the
"Baron " Both are third-year men, and
the "Baron's" peculiarities of manner
and speech appear to have appealed ir
resistibly to McNutt's sense of humor.
Now the "Baron" has no humor in his
makeup. "With him life Is a serious mat
ter, and besides the "Baron" is a man of
family, which is in itself sufficient to
eliminate levity from the composition of
ordinary beings. As a result McNutt's
jokes, while appreciated by the majority
of his classmates, were not relished by
the noble German. He could not see
where the fun came in, and declared he
was being persecuted. Somebody told
him he could put a stop to the nuisance
only by challenging McNutt to mortal
combat, so the next time he bumped
against that young gentleman he declar
ed himself and issued his defi, which was
as promptly accepted, and now those
who are in on the secret are impatiently
awaiting the denouement.
When seen at his home, 2707 Sacra
mento street, yesterday the "Baron" de
nied that he had issued a challenge.
"I was all a joke," he explained. "We
had a little argument and somebody sug
gested that we should fight a duel with
selzer bottles or something of the kind.
But it is nothing, I assure you."
Probably some friend has Informed the
"Baron" that duels are prohibited in this
country and that If he wants to keep
out of jail he had better not advertise
the proposed set-to too promiscuously.
McNutt discreetly says he has received
no challenge, but does not deny the pos
sibility of being called out by the man
whose just wrath he has aroused. The
students are hopeful, and if the battle is
not pulled off because of police interfer
ence they will be the most disappointed
lot of medicos that ever wielded a
scalpel.
WAS THE CASE FIXED?
Way Yung Hung Acquitted of the
Murder of Wong Ah Loy for
Lack of Evidence.
The preliminary examination of Way
Yung Hung, alias Way Ah Bue, charged
with the murder of Wong Ah Loy, alias
Pon Mon, on Jackson street on February
26, was held before Judge Graham on Sat
urday. The police were unable to get any
Chinese witnesses to testify to the shoot
ing, and the only evidence was that of
Lieutenant Price, who caught the de
fendant while he was running away from
the scene of the crime. Four or five Chi
nese were shooting at the time, and the
defendant was wounded in the hand dur
ing the melee. The Judge had no other
course but to dismiss the case.
The police say that they have definite
information that $500 was paid by friends
of the defendant to the tong to which the
dead man belonged in consideration that
they would not prosecute the defendant.
Unfortunately they were unable to prove
it.
« m •
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
« ♦ ■
For Mission Improvements.
At a meeting of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs held at the Five
mile House on Mission road, a resolution
was adopted urging the Supervisors to
make provision in the next tax levy for
the following school buildings:
A twelve class in the west-of-Castro
section, a twelve class at the Five-mile
House, a twelve class at Ocean View and
an eight class at Sunnyside. Delegate
Nixon from the W'est-of-Castro-street
Club requested the aid of the federation
in the abatement of the nuisance created
by Gray Bros, in their rock-crushing
quarry at Douglas and Clipper streets.
Dr. Torrello of the Five-mile Club re
quested the federation's aid in procuring
lights for Silver avenue. A motion was
adopted recommending the extension of
Dolores street at its southern end into
Arlington street.
ADVERTISEMENTS. jA
*
WASH FABRICS!
kAN ELEGANT
ASSORTMENT.
SILK CORDED ZEPHYRS.. 50c Yard
TUFTED ZEPHYR GINGHAMS. . .30c Yard
WOVEN EGYPTIAN TISSUES.... 25c Yard
IRISH AND SCOTCH PRINTED DIMI-
TIES r.....!2ic and 25c Yard
FRENCH PRINTED ORGANDIES . . ...
.121 c, 15c, 25c and 35c Yard
PRINTED ENGLISH PIQUES. •.--••••• • A
15c and 20c Yard
SCOTCH ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, Stripes,
Checks, Plaids and Plain. 20c and 25c Yard
SCOTCH SHIRTING CHEVIOTS. .25c Yard
ENGLISH GALATEA CLOTHS. . . .12ic Yard
PLAIN FRENCH ORGANDIES, all colors ..
(32 inches wide) .--.. 15c Yard
Extra Quality FINE PRINTED PER-
CALES and COTTON COVERT
CLOTHS. .■ ..... ..12! c Yard
WHITE ENGLISH PIQUES. 20c to 75c Yard
An elegant assortment of SCOTCH TEN-
NIS FLANNELS, in both wool and silk
and wool 30c to 50c per Yard
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
CABLED BABY'S BIBTH.
A Code Signal Flashed Tinder the Sea
From Far West Australia.
There was received in this city Febru
ary 16. 1899. from Coolgardie, Western
Australia, the following cablegram:
COOLGARDIE. W. A., Feb. 17. 1599.
R. Jordan, 2019 Washington St., San Fran
cisco. U. S. A.— Vestina. KEED.
The solution to this brief, mysterious
message appeared in The Call as follows:
REED— In Coolgardie. West Australia. Feb
ruary IT, 1899, to the wife of H. Lawrence
Reed, a daughter.
How the short story of this youngster's
advent was flashed over lands and under
seas is an interesting tale in itself. I* rom
the Australian coast the electric current
bearing the eighteen words traveled be
low the Indian Sea to Java, thence to
Singapore; to Penang, in the Malay
Peninsula; to Madras, in British India; to
Bombay; under the Arabian Sea to
Aden- up beneath the Red Sea to Suez:
overland to Alexandria; under the Medi
erranean Sea to Malta: thence to Gib
raltar; to Lisbon; to Penzance, in Eng
land; thence under the Atlantic to Canso.
Nova Scotia; overland to New York, and
the last great lap across the wide conti
nent to San Francisco. ___.. ,
The message started in English and
never changed from that tongue till it
landed in this city. There were probably
a dozen transfers, which delayed it about
seven hours, but as Coolgardie is some
thing like fifteen hours' difference in time
the news of the baby's birth was received
several hours before it was born, accord
ing to San Francisco time.
Mr and Mrs. Jordan are the grand
parents cf the young Australian heralded
by the electric spark around the world.
Mrs H. Ij. Reed, formerly Miss Mary
Jordan, removed to Coolgardie about two
years ago with her husband, who is a
mine manager and owner in that place.
Occasionally in their correspondence they
have recourse to the cable, using an ab
breviated private code for economy, as it
would ("bst a fair-sized fortune to tele
graph a family letter from Western Aus
tralia. In arranging the signal for re
porting to San Francisco the birth of the
baby they picked upon the word "Ves
tina" if it was a girl. Even this brief
message cost a goodly number of dollars',
but the cable stretching away under the
sea and over the lands crossing the me
ridians of longitude, ever reaching west
ward carried the word, "Vestina " and
when the telegraphic instruments by the
Golden Gatn had ticked off the dots and
dashes of those seven letters the srrand
parents knew that a little femare de
scendant had come to their line in the far
antipodes. _
HE SWALLOWED ARSENIC.
Daniel Fleming, a Laborer Out of
Work, Tries to Commit Suicide.
Daniel Fleming, a laborer living at 248
Clara street, attempted to commit sui
cide early yesterday morning by swal
lowing a dose of "Rough on Rats." He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
the ambulance, and the usual remedies
administered with successful results.
Fleming is a mnrried man about 30
years of age. When asked why he
wanted to dio he said he had been out of
work for two or three weeks, which
made him despondent, and he thought it
was better to get away from any more
trouble. He had been drinking, and it
was suspected that his attempt to poison
himself was more in the shape of a
"bluff" to frighten his wife than any
thing else.
A Bad Man.
Nicholas Mori, a peanut peddler on
the Barbary Coast, has been held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Graham on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon in $1000 bonds. February
26 he slashed the face of Joseph Barbetta.
a fish dealer, with a knife. Four years
ago he stabbed a man on the coast, but
was acquitted. About a year ago he used
a knife upon another man and Inflicted
wounds that caused death. On that
charge also he was acquitted oi» the
ground of self-defense.
A Brutal Husband.
Samuel Stare appeared in Judge Gra
ham's court Saturday to answer a charge
of battery upon his -wife. Bessie, who lives
at 101 Minna street. Friday afternoon he
knocked her down, jumped on her and
broke her right arm. She had support
ed him for seven years, as he refused to
work and was in the habit of beating her.
The case will come up to-day.
GOLDBERG
BQWEM
.. & CD
America bought three times as
much Ceylon tea In 1898 as In 1897 —
that's the best proof of Its merit
Bee brand is the best Ceylon tae we
know — in original lead foil packets
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday i
Hams— lIC V"
reg'ly i2jclb guaranteed
EggS— laid 1 7 / C
Whiskey— Goldberg Bowen & Co
OK Bourbon reg'ly $1 bot-3 bots $2
4 gallon 3
Sardines— French ioc H^i
reg'ly i2^ctin
Little fish in olive oil
Tomatoes glass jar 2OC
reg'ly 25c
Solid packed and peeled
Port and sherry-imp't 3 bots $2
reg'ly $i bottle
j Our guarantee— our bottling ,
Pineapple— 2OC
reg'ly 25c can
Packed whole— flavor
Beef capsules— 30c
reg'ly 35c box
Each box will make 12 cups bouillon
Preserved ginger jar 30c
reg'ly 35c — Cross & BlacTcwell
— telescope
reg'ly 50c 60c 75c 90c $1 *j> v
special 35c 45C 55c 65c 75c * 1
Prepare for the picnic season
Shawl straps 20c and 30c
reg'ly 25c and 35c
ToOth powder— ' 2OC
reg'ly 25c bottle
Perfectly harmless — very effective
Fard dates— reg'ly 15c ib i2^c
A wholesome food
Free distribution— March catalogue
send postal
432 Pine 215 Sutter 3800 California San Franclsc*
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Opera Glasses
With and Without Handles,
From $4.00 UDward.
Lorgnettes
From $2.50 upward.
Including, Lenses to Suit the Sight.
OPTICIANS 'PHOTONS 1 *
-642 Market St. inmrumehts
IIHIIB chomic.l mm nmi, .
_
IA/. T. HESS,
KOTIKY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY AT LAW
Tenth -Floor." Roorr ,1015 Claus Spreckels BUI* X
Telephone Brown 931.
Sa^Fr d anc C f.co! 21 CCamm ° ml * *• **?* PowU. '