VOLUME LXXXV—NO. 155.
TAKES LIFE
TO AVENGE
HIS WRONGS
Alexander Masterton Mur
dered in a New York
Hotel.
— • —
AGED MAN'S CRIME
— ♦ —
James Neal Plumb Slays One of the
Metropolis' Best-Known
Business Men.
»
Special Dispatch t" The Tall,
NEW YORK. May 3.— Alexander
Masterton, a director of the Farme.s'
Loan and Trust Company. 72 years
of age, was shot and killed this after
noon by James Neal Plumb in the
Burlington Hotel, on West Thirtieth
street. Masterton was shot five times
and died within an hour or two. The
murder was premeditated, as is evi
denced by a voluminous statement
written in advance by Plumb, and
given out after his arrest.
At present tlie real motive for the
crime is unknown. Plumb, In his state
ment issued "to the public," and en
titled 'Why I, J. seal Plumb, Shot
Alexander Masterton." declared that
he had been actuated to do the shoot
ing because of a systematical hounding
of him by Masterton. Plumb declared
.Masterton had not only ruined him
financially" but had attempted to alien
ate the affections of his wife and chil
dren and to cause his social downfall.
Plumb's statement, one copy of which
was addressed to the Associated Press,
deals with a period of his career em
bracing the past thirty-five years. It is
rambling in many places and concludes
*.\ ith the following:
No man has a higher regard for human
life than I have. But the just and right
eous punishment of Alexander Masterton
is decreed by an outraged God. and I am
simply the humble instrument In his
hand, as he has selected me as his chosen
instrument of wrathful vengeance. I
have rid the world of a man who is not
fit to live, and whose death a thousand
times over could never tone for the mon
strous wrongs done me.
Masterton and Plumb met by agree
ment in the Burlington Hotel at 1:30
p. m., in the apartments occupied by
Manager Cole. They had been there
but a short time when five ahotfi *ver.
tired In rapid succession. Plumb then
came out and walked inter the reception
room, awaiting arrest. The murderer
was taken before Police Captain Price
of the Tenderloin precinct, of whom he
is an intimate friend. .He was taken
later before a magistrate in the Jeffer
son Market Police Court and held.
In his statement Plumb writes as fol
lows:
The reason for taking this serious step
was that for upward of thirty-five years,
commencing as far back as 1862, at the
time of my marriage engagement, this
man has followed me like a Bleuthhound
irorn that time to this, and yet I was
never able to discover the cause or mo
tive of his animosity toward me. as when
he commenced to attack me I had never
seen the man or ever heard of him.
Again in 1885, .ii my return from Cali
fornia, after three years' absence, he* at
once renewed the intrigues against me
in my family and in public, secretly do
ing me all the injury in his power, so
cially and financially.
After all these years, down to 1876, this
man was constantly plotting and conspir
ing against me, endeavoring to under
mine my wife's confidence in me by
covert insinuations, and endeavoring in
every way to alienate the affections of
my wife and children, and he had a pow
erful influence, being the trustee of my
wife's large estate.
In 1877 Mrs. Plumb died in Paris and
Plumb returned here and went to live
at Islip, L. l. lb recites a number of
circumstances showing Masterton'a al
leged conspiracy to alienate the affec
tions of his children, a French maid
acting as spy for Masterton. Plumb re
fers to another "conspiracy," begun in
InS5. which he says is known to his
friends in New York and Washington
as the "Washington conspiracy," where
his eldest da tighter, Minnie, laid a trap
for Masterton and his lawyers by
means of decoy letters and telegrams.
His enemy fell Into the trap and did
not know he had been entrapped until
Plumb's daughter displayed the motive
of these telegrams in Surrogate Rollins'
court during an action brought in con
nection with the case.
After reciting the story of the mar
riage of his son, J. I vers Plumb, in
ISBS, with a woman named Anna Bur
ton, of whom he speaks in no com
plimentary terms, and laying the blame
for this undesirable marriage at Mas
terton's door, he refers to what he calls
the last conspiracy of Alexander Mas
terton, which has culminated his long
years of cruel, vindictive oppression by
his punishment reed by an out
raged God."
He says that soon after his son's
graceful marriage," he went to
Europe, intending to make his home in
Southampton, England, and he and his
daughters were as happy there as they
could be with a cloud hanging over
them In the moral death of his son.
He next refers to the kidnaping of
his daughter Leonita in 1 588, after they
had returned to New York. She was
forced Into a carriage by the agents
of Masterton, he avers, and taken to
the Victoria Hotel. Later she was
taken to Troy. She subsequently re
gained her freedom. The object of the
abduction. Plumb claims, was to force
the girl to give up her father. Plumb
declares the wrongs which Masterton
had done him no law could reach. His
words are:
"The man who brought all this trou
ble in my declining years no law can
reach."
In addition to these conspiracies
Plumb goes into lengthy details re
garding the alleged efforts of Master
son and others to bring about a mar
riage between one of his daughters and
a worthless fortune-seeking English
man, who had made the boast that he
"could win the little American miss."
Plumb appeared cool Immediately
upon his arrest, but when at the police
station word came that Masterson had
died, Plumb broke down and said, "it
had to be."
A chambermaid at the Burlington,
l ho was th" only one near the room in
which the shooting occurred, told the
police that she heard the men in angry
conversation just before she heard the
Pistol shots. One of the men, she said—
The San Francisco Call.
MATAAFA IS
WILLING TO
MAKE PEACE
MATAAFA, SAMOAN CHIEF.
German Officials Refuse to
Si^n the Armistice
Proclamation.
APIA, Samoa, April 27 (via Auckland. N. Z., May 3). —
Mataafa, the rebel chieftan, has accepted an armistice.
The Germans, however, declined to sign the proclamation.
NEW YORK, May 3.— The Wash- i
ington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: Since th. re
ceipt by the Navy Department
of the dispatch announcing that
he had received the instructions notify- '■
ing him of the appointment of the Sa
moa n Commission and of the desire of
the President that the status quo should
be maintained nothing has been heard
from Rear Admiral Kautz.
The new? that Mataafa has accepted !
an armistice, though the Germans
failed to sign the proclamation, has
consequently not been officially con- '
firmed.
There is no doubt, however, of the
correctness of, that feature of the mes- |
COGHLAN'S SPEECH
HELPS THE KAISER
TO A NEW NAVY
BERLTN, May 3.— The Coghlan inci
dent, 1 am told, worried his Majesty
! the Kaiser not a little at first. Full
i details were cabled to him from Wash
ington and led to a long confferenca
with Count Wolff -Metternich, who on
his trips accompanies his Majesty as
the representative of the Foreign Of
fice.
What shocked him most was the lack
|of discipline in an officer under any
circumstances permitting himself such
liberties of comment. In Germany any
such breach would be summarily pun
ished, but its occurrence would be a
; thing unheard of. The Kaiser felt the
affront all the more because he consid-
I ers that he long ago made the amende
honorable when he personally rebuked
Admiral yon Deiderichs, recalled him
and placed Prince Henry in his place,
with instructions to be specially con
ciliatory to Americans.
All that is over and the disagreeable
incidents referred to are more than a
year old and therefore are considered as
bygones. But in the whole affair the
Kaiser has found consolation, because
out of it he has extracted yet another
fact which would appeal to the German
nation in the cause which he has had
at heart for years— the increase of the
German navy. Captain Coghlan can
take it that in this dinner he has been
the ally of the Kaiser.
Yesterday I was talking with one of
the most peace-loving men in this coun
try, but even he had become a jingo on
the' question of an increase of the navy.
The newspapers are more than ever
full of the same subject. There is abso-
♦ . ♦ i>-+-Qr-*-®-4-s>~+~'s>-+-~®~4~®-+-&
--and she is positive it was not Master
son—said in a loud angry tone, "I will
not be satisfied with that amount.".
Alexander Masterton was a leading
resident of Mount Vernon, where he oc
cupied a handsome home with his wife
and two daughters. Mrs. C. B. Tibbats
and Mrs. W. H. Ferris. He was for
merly connected with the old Manu
facturers' and Merchants' Bank of
New York, and later was interested in
the Farmers' Loan and Trust Com
j pany. He had the management of
many estates, and was interested
' heavily in Westchester real estate. He
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
sage relative to the suspension of hos
tilities, as it was the desire of the three
governments during the investigation
to be made by the commission that
peace and order should exist in the
island. In view of this well-known de
sire surprise is expressed at the re
ported refusal of Herr Rose to sign the
proclamation unless it contained some
expressions which he regarded as in
juring Germany's cause.
In view of the dispatch from Auck
land it is expected by the department
that it will receive a message within
the next twenty-four hours from Rear
Admiral Kautz reporting the situation.
Under his instructions he is required
to communicate with the department
as often as possible.
lutely no doubt that in the immediate
future a measure for a large increase
in the German navy will be submitted j
by the Government and carried in the j
face of recent events. V •:,
It has been said concerning the peace
conference, which has been described as
a modern phantasmagoria born under
great difficulties, that the Kaiser would
take this opportunity for making some
proclamation as to his sentiments of
amnesty to all political prisoners. This
is without foundation. His Majesty has
no sentimental ideas about the possi
bilities of universal peace. His voice
is to be heard in his appointment of
an apostle of increased . armaments,
Professor Stengel, as counselor to the
Count yon Munster. His Majesty has
often expressed his opinion that peace
can only be maintained by being pre
pared .for war, by having the force
necessary to command respect. Since
the Spanish war he realizes more than
ever that his theory is right.
"How long will the peace conference
last?" I asked of one who will take
part in it.
"It is difficult to say," he replied,
"but we may count on a month or six
weeks, according to how the delegates
agree as to the best means of assuring
peace. All we know definitely now is
that the various governments have se
cured rooms for their delegates at The
Hague for the 17th inst., that the con
ference will begin on the 18th, and that
until the delegates do meet there will
be no programme announced. Some of
the delegates up to the present time
have received absolutely no instruc
tions." '.'*'■'.".
♦*- <S> -♦- •*' ®-+-^$>~4-<&~4-<s>-+-®-4-<s~4-Q
had held a number of public offices.
He was a prominent member of the
Masonic fraternity and was a popular
man in Mount Vernon.
J. Neall Plumb was at one time very
wealthy, occupying a fine residence on
Fifth avenue, and having a half-million
dollar villa at Islip, L. I. It is said
by those who are intimately acquainted
with Plumb that he lost most of his
fortune, although he had sufficient left
to retire from business , twenty years
ago. He Is said by those who know
him best to be. a popular, easy-going
man.
SCORES OF
STRIKERS
ARRESTED
Idaho's Governor Proclaims
Martial Law at Ward
ner.
WORK FOR SOLDIERS
Colored Troops Ass ;st in Running 1
Down and Capturing the
Rioters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
4* + *♦*♦ ■+ +♦ + + + ♦+ + + +
BOISE, Idaho, May Gov
ernor Stuenenberg to-night is
sued a proclamation declaring
Shoshone County in a state of
insurrection. This will result in
placing the government of the
county, in so far as may be nec
essary, under military rule.
WARDNER, Idaho. May 3.— A1l day
I long the work of arresting the men be
lieved to have been connected with the !
Bunker Hill outrages has been in
progress. To-night 104 prisoners are
under guard in the barn that has been
turned Into a jail for their detention.
Among them are many ringleaders in
the organization. More of the chief
dynamiters, however, have fled and are
now getting out of the country as best
they may. Their capture is a matter of
time.- They will not escape. The State
, will go bankrupt, if necessary, in order
to bring about their conviction.
By 10 o'clock this morning the work
of drawing the formal complaint
against the more notorious strikers had
A been completed. The document was a
lengthy one, and in it were set down
the names of about fifty suspects. Then
the work of making the arrests com
menced.
As martial law had not at that time
been declared, the local constables were
deputed to serve the warrants, but
they were not alone in the work. Cap- j
tain Batchelor of Company M put a
squad of his colored fighters at the
command of the constables, and they
began the hunt. Up to the head of the
gulch marched the pursuers, and then,
turning back, they commenced a search
of every point where the rioters might
be in concealment. Their coming in
caused a panic among the strikers.
. There was a wild scramble among them
i up the sides of the canyon, but they
were not to escape in that way. As
> they dodged through the brush on the
. mountain side the constables and their
. deputies started in pursuit, and in most
. cases the chase was a short one.
. The sight of the dusky soldiers' erlis
• tening rifles was generally sufficient to !
make them meekly surrender. Lined
' up two abreast and oo]_*ely guarded by '
' the soldiers, the captives were marched
. back down to the camp at the station
in little bunches of twenty or thirty.
i There they were turned into a vacant
: lot and kept under guard until about
5 o'clock, when they were transferred
, to the loft of a near-by barn.
While the arrest of the men in Ward
ner was under way searching parties of
soldiers, headed by the newly created
constables, were sent out all around
the surrounding country to pick up the
fugitives. ■;.:/, -.->•■
As it was known that many rioters
were trying to escape over the hills
toward Harrison. Auditor Sinclair, who
is in charge of the campaign, engaged
a special train, which was rushed down
there. It brought hack five strikers.
Five or six more armed with rifles were
seen from the train, but owing to the
nearness of other trains it was impos
sible to stop the special and start in
pursuit of them.
Among the men under arrest are five
or six Deputy Sheriffs, who were ele
vated to that office by Deputy Sheriff
Bell since the trouble started.
WHITE PASS LOCOMOTIVE
CRUSHED BY AVALANCHE
Immense Slide on the Trail to Daw
son Wrecks One of the En
gines Near Glacier.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 3.— The usual
springtime avalanches are occurring on
the White Pass. According to late ar
rivals from the trail many slides have oc
curred during the past month, although
fortunately none have yet been the cause
of any loss of life as far as can be as
certained. The deadly avalanche, how
ever, is responsible for the derailment of
an engine of the White Pass and Yukon
Railway with considerable damage to the
Arctic Iron horse. It was on April 27 that
the slide took place. A heavy mass of
snow and Ice, carrying quite a quantity of
earth and general debris with it. swept
down the hillside on the White. Pass and
Yukon track, about midway between
Glacier and the tunnel above that station.
It struck an engine standing there and
swept it from the rails. The locomotive
was badly Injured, but no further damage
was done. A large mass of snow and ice
covered the track for some distance. Men
were put on to clear It. and it was ex
pected that traffic would not be delayed
long.
EAGAN DROPPED FROM
THE LOYAL LEGION
Expelled Because of His Vituperative
Criticism of General
Miles.
NEW YORK. May 3.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Eagan, for
mer commissary general of subsistence,
is no longer a member of the military or
der of the Loyal Legion, Commandery of
the District of Columbia. By a large
majority vote of the commandery passed
to-night a resolution declaring that as a
result of v ie finding .if the court which
tried, him on a. charge of conduct unbe
coming an officer and a gentleman, based
upon his vituperative criticism of . Major
General Miles before the War Investigat
ing Commission; General Eagan has for
feited his membership. -.. ...
WHEATON'S BRIGADE
TAKES SAN TOMAS
Train on the Manila and Dagupan Railway at Manila Station in Possession
of American Troops.
MANILA, May 4. (by carrier pigeon from the front). — General Hale is pushing insurgents
toward San Fernando. After a severe engagement General Wheaton's brigade entered
San Tomas this morning, the insurgents fighting desperately. The Americans found San
Tomas burning.
General Mac.Arthur moved forward at 8 o'clock this morning with the Kansas and Mon
tana regiments along the railway, the Utah Battery and the Nebraska, South Dakota and lowa
regiments on the right. There was a severe engagement at a bridge four miles this side of San
Tomas, where the insurgents were found in force. Summers' brigade, of Lawton's command, is
now advancing northward toward Maasin. JOHN F. BASS.
MERRITT IS
ANXIOUS TO
OUST MILES
Explanation of His Fulsome
Praise of General
Alger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, May The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele-
graphs: Considerable comment has
been caused in army circles here by
Major General Merritt's fulsome praise
of Secretary Alger, in his speech in
Detroit, last night, before the Michigan
Society of Sons of the Revolution.
Several of the officers on duty at the
War Department recalled that thirty
five years ago General Merritt placed
an indorsement on General Alger's
record which caused an enmity be
tween the two men lasting from that
day until about a year ago. Then the
difficulty was patched up by the action
of Secretary Alger in tendering Gen
eral Merritt the command of the ex
pedition to Manila and to placing at
his disposal all the troops and supplies
needed to make the expedition success
ful.
Army officers with whom I talked
ridiculed General Merritt's change of
mind. In 1864 he wrote upon the papers
regarding General Alger's absence
without leave: "Severe measures
should be taken to prevent a recurrence
of this evil."
In 1899 he declares that Secretary
Alger "is the best Secretary of War
the world has ever seen."
It has been hinted for some time
that it is General Merritt's ambition
to be commanding general of the army.
It is known that at one time General
Alger strongly urged the President to
appoint him as successor to General
Miles. General Miles, however, has not
been relieved and General Merritt will
be placed on the retired list next year
in all probability, as commanding gen
eral of the Department of the East. •
FRED GRANT'S DAUGHTER
TO BECOME A PRINCESS
Granddaughter of the Great Soldier
Will Wed Prince Cantasuzine
. of Russia. . ....
NEW YORK, May .'.—A Chicago spe
cial to the Herald says: General Fred D.
Grant to-night annuonced the engagement
of his daughter. Miss Julia Dent Grant,
to Prince Michel Cantasuzine of the Rus
sian Imperial Guard.
Miss Grant has been abroad with her
aunt Mrs. Potter Palmer, for several
months, traveling almost continually.
They are now in Paris, hut it is their in
tention to return to the United States
within the next few weeks. Miss Grant
will come to Chicago with Mrs. Palmer
and make preparations for her wedding,
the date for which, however, has not been
Prince Cantasuzine is 25 years old and a
lieutenant in the Imperial Guards. His
family is one of the oldest and greatest
in Russia. ■£-•_
BECEPTION TO OTIS.
The General Welcomed Home by
Friends and Neighbors.
LOS ANGELES. May 3.— General Har
rison Gray Otis appeared in fatigue uni
form at a reception given him at the
Chamber of Commerce rooms to-night.
Responding to an address of welcome
home, General Otis said:
This demonstration is far beyond any thought
of mine. If I have succeeded in doing my duty
to the degree of meeting your commendation,
I am nroud Indeed. 1 have a greater right to
he proud Of the fact that I have performed my
duty, if that be your verdict, than over any
thing else. "I remained with the army in the
Philippines until the backbone of the rebel
lion was broken. " Otherwise I would not have
left when I did. I thank you again for your
kindness, and 1 am proud to be able to re
sume my place among you as a citizen of Los
__n_:eles. c^.*. 1 "-'...*^ <*' *• '.•- 1
OPPOSED TO
TEACHING OF
EVOLUTION
Important Decision Is Ex
pected Soon From
Rome.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
NEW TORK, May According to
current report in Catholic circles an
other Important decision is expected
soon from Rome. It will affect the
scientific teaching of evolution as op
posed to special creation. It is said
that in ecclesiastical circles the opinion
is that the decision will be adverse to
the theory of evolution. As in other
recent controversies that have agitated
Catholic circles ' the inspection and
propagation of this new cult in Ca
tholicism comes from the West. In
its teaching the most ardent advocates
have been friends and associates of
Archbishop Ireland. Notably prominent
as a leader of this school of thought
is Rev. Dr. John Zamm, once professor
of science at Notre Dame . University,
but now superior in America of the
teaching and missionary order known
as the Fathers of the Holy Cross, nu
merous and popular in the West. Rev.
Dr. Zamm is the author of several
widely known volumes, notably those
entitled "Catholic Science and Scien
tists," "Bible Science and Faith" and
"Dogma and Evolution."
Although he had long been held in
special repute as a scientist wider at
tention was drawn to his views by a
series of lectures he delivered three
years ago at the sessions of the Catholic
Summer School at Plattsburg, N. Y. In
these his advanced themes on the an
tiquity of the world, the time God took
to create it, the extent of the Noachian
deluge and the compatibility of certain
evolutionary processes with the Catho
lic faith and dogma created sharp and
extended, criticisms. In publications
recognized as speaking for the Jesuits
the appropriateness and advisability of
such speculative theories as a part of
Catholic teachings were strongly de-
nied.  , 9.
- After the subject had been widely dis
cussed Dr. Zamm was called to Rome.
It was known that his theories had
been referred to a commission of Car
dinal's, to be investigated and passed
upon and It was thought he would be
disciplined. But he was received with
honor made a doctor of philosophy and
later the representative of his order in
Rome as procurator general. He was
then sent back to the United States as
superior of the order here.
Nothing was heard of the Cardinals'
investigation until the present report
that they will find against the evolu
tion theory. '
COLLEGE OF CARDINALS.
Delay of France and Spain in Pre
senting Candidates.
NEW YORK, May 3.— A cable to the
Journal ' from Rome says: Cardinal
Rampolla, Papal Secretary of State, is
annoyed by the delay of France and
Spain in presenting their candidates for
appointments to the Sacred College of
Cardinals. Cardinal Rampolla inti
| mates* that the Pope might hold the
; consistory forthwith, appointing only
Italian Cardinals.
IGNORED DEWEY'S RANK
AND WAS TAKEN TO TASK
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 3.— Recent
Hongkong advices .-.ay that Admiral
Dewey gave a French cruiser a lesson in
naval courtesy recently. When the crui
ser Jean Bart arrived at Manila she gave
a rear admiral's salute. Admiral Dewey
ordered the. salute to be returned exacts
ly as given. He then sent an officer to
the Jean Bart to call attention to his
admiral's pennant, which they had ap
parently not noticed. ... .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MacARTHUR
MEETS STRONG
RESISTANCE
The Filipinos Set Another
r Town on Fire Before
Abandoning It.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Thursday, May
— The American forces
under General Mac A
rthur this morning attacked a
large force of insurgents, well
intrenched, near San Tomas, a
few miles northwest of Calum
pit. They are meeting with
stubborn resistance and seem
unable to make any impres
sion upon the enemy.
Fire has broken out in a
score of places in the be
leaguered town, which is
taken as an indication that
the insurgents are preparing
to evacuate.
MANILA, May 3, 8 p. m.— Fili
pino envoys. Major Manuel Arguelezs
and Lieutenant Jose Bernal, have
abandoned the pretense under which
they came to General Otis, that they
represented General Antonio Luna, and
to-day announced that they came as
representatives of Aguinaldo himself.
The two emissaries used all their wiles
to secure a reply from General Otis to
the letter from Senor Mahini. Agui
naldo's Prime Minister and Minister of
Foreign Affairs in the dictator's Cabi
net, which they presented yesterday,
but General Otis refused to make any
reply, on the ground that to do so
would be equivalent to a recognition
of the so-called government of the
Filipinos.
• Arguelezs said that Aguinaldo knew
he would be overpowered in time, but
that he would be able to continue' the
fight for months and that he would do
so unless he were given what Major
Arguelezs termed "peace with dignity."
Mr. Schurman. president of the
United States Philippine Commission,
expresses . the opinion that the inter
views accorded by General Otis to the
Filipino representatives* will have a
good moral effect as tending to con
; vince Aguinaldo's representatives that
i the American authorities mean to give
the Filipinos a good government, and
not one of the Spanish sort.
Certainly it has had a civilizing in
' fluence in inducing them to observe the
S amenities of war and consent to the
I Americans furnishing food for Ameri
' can prisoners.
The exodus of natives from the mi
i surgent lines continues.
By filling in the roads where it was
required, putting canoes on the rivers
, and plowing fields south of Malolos, the
: army is in a fine position for the ex
pected decisive blow.
General Mac Arthur has moved his
headquarters to San Vicente, across the
j Rio Grande. General Wheaton's brig-
I ade has advanced beyond Alapit.
General Hale has returned to co
' operate with General Lawton. At Bali-
I bag last evening there was a running
] fight, during which one* soldier was
i killed and three wounded. The rebels
j scattered before General Law*ton and
General Hale.
Yesterday, while Captain Wheeler
with a detachment of the Fourth Cav
alry was covering General Hale's ad
vance, he discovered a large body of2
rebels at Fulilan. The cavalry opened J
fire, but there was no response. Think- l
ing that the rebels wanted to surrender
Lieutenant Bell went forward to par
ley with them. The Filipinos replied
that they did not wish to surrender,
but that they had been ordered to re
frain from fighting during the negotia
tions. They asked what Lieutenant j
Bell wanted and In response were given
half an hour in which to retire, which |
they Improved, j
A Spanish prisoner who escaped Into
the American lines reports that after
General Hale's advance on Quingan
two hundred Filipinos were burled,
thirty-five in one trench and twenty
seven in another. This is the largest
.number of rebels that have been killed
in any engagement for several months.
STILL LARGER GROWS
THE LIST OF INJURED
WASHINGTON. May 3.— General Otis,
under to-day's date, reports the follow
ing casualties not heretofore reported:
Killed— Thirteenth Minnesota, Company
F, Private Frank Smith.
Wounded April Brigadier General
Irving Hale, leg, slight.
First South Dakota— Company El, Cap.
tain Charles H, ■ .■■ sby, shoulder,
slight; Company < ;. Sergeant Oscar N.
Corsey, leg, slight,
nth Pennsylvania— Colonel' Alexander
I. Arklns. leg, slight: Company H. Pri
vate Blame Aikin, arm. slight; Sergeant
John Thompson, face, slight-.
Fifty-first lowa Company M. Private
Fred E. Strong, scalp, slight; April 25,
Company 11. Private Samuel J. Tlllen,
shoulder, slight; April 27. Private Bertran
Grace, foot, slight, accidental.
First North Dakota April 12. Company
K. Private August flansil, leg, slight;
April 14. Company E, Private L. P< ppke,
chest, severe.
First South Dakota -April 24, Company
G. Corporal Charles H. Green, ear. slight;
April 25, Company {!• Second Lieutenant
Walter Doolittle, foot, slight: Company
1, Private William li. Harrison, shoulder,
slight; Company X, Roy P. Ranus, leg,
slight.
First Montana— 27, Company C,
Private - Gottleih Molcan. arm, slight;
Company 11. Captain Frank E. Green,
hand, slight; Company I. Private G.
Muhlcon, arm. slight; Company K. Pri
vate Robert Murphy, shoulder, slight;
April 28, Company B. Private Andrew
Davis, cheek, slight: Private Charles L.
Thorn] leg. slight; Company F. Pri
vate Martin B. Hall, ear, slight; Company
M. Corporal James O-Leary, shoulder,
slight.
Fourth Cavalry— April 24, Company I,
Prix-ate William Heer, hand, severe. -
Twentieth Kansas— April 25, Company
K. Sergeant Joseph Dewald. neck, slight;
April It. Company X, Private Oscar Nes
hith. wrist, slight.
Third Infantry Company D, Second
Lieutenant Charles C. Todd, thigh, se
vere; Private Oscar Bevan, shoulder, se
vere.
Thirteenth Minnesota 28, Com
pany K. Sergeant William D. Barlingham,
Knee.
First Colorado— May 1, Company K.
First Sergeant Clifford H. Bows* . arm,
severe.
Third Infantry— Mas 2. Company G,
Corporal Jacob Fisher, abdomen, severe;
Private Frederick Miller, thigh, severe.
MEMBERS OF GILLMORE'S
PARTY WHO ARE CAPTIVES
WASHINGTON, May .?.— The following
cablegram; has been received from Ad
miral Dewey:
MANILA, Ms*- 3.— Secretary of tb_? Navy.
Washington: The following are the "-orktown
prisoners at insurgent headquarters at San
Isido: lieutenant Gilln.ore. Chief Quartermas
ter William Walton. Sailmaker's Mate Paul
Vandert, Cockswain John Ellsworth, Apprentice
(third class) Albert Petersen, Landsman Syl
vto Rr!9olese. Landsman Paul Edwards and
Landsman Fred Anderson. Provisions have
Ix-en sent to them by Otis. Am continuing in
quiries as to the fate of the. other seven.
The names of the men unaccounted for,
with such data relative to their enlist
ment, nativity and kin, as the records of
the Navy Department show, are as fol
lows:
John Dillon, landsman, enlisted at
Mare island, California; born at Peru.
Ind.; next of kin, L. li. Edwards, father,
Mexico, Ind.
tries Albert Morri3sey, landsman, en
listed at Mare island; born at Columbus,
Neb.: next of kin, Mrs. J. C. Morrissey,
Nebraska.
Ora B. McDonald, ordinary seaman, en
listed at Mare island; born at Carmel
Valley. Cal.; next of kin, P. McDonald,
father. Monti < 'al.
William H. Rynders, cockswain, enlist
ed at Mare Island; born at Amsterdam,
Holland: next of kin. Mrs. M. H. Ny
house, cousin, 520 Connecticut street San
Francisco.
Morrison W. Woodbury, seaman, enlist
ed at Gloucester. Mass.; horn at Lynn,
Mass.; next of kin, J. G. Woodbury," fa
ther, 143 Maple street, Lynn.
George Arthur Venville. apprentice,
second class, enlisted at Mare Island;
born at Dudley, England; next of kin, E.
Marsh, Bellwood, Or.
E. J. Nygard, gunner's mate, third
class, enlisted at New York; born at War
saw. Russia; next of kin. Sophia Nygard,
wife. 1631 Atlantic avenue, Brooklyn,
N. Y.
HIS SERVICES TO DEWEY
ARE DULY RECOGNIZED
NEW YORK. May 3.-A Washington
special to the Herald says: In accordance
with a request from Admiral Dewey.
Secretary Long has presented to A. W.
Bobbins, master of the British ship Buc
cleuch, a line chronometer, in recognition
of his services to the Astatic squadron
immediately after the battle on May 1
in communicating with the Spanish Gov
ernor General at Manila for Admiral
Dewey.
Captain Bobbins placed himself at the
disposal of Admiral Dewey to convey
messages to the Spaniards in Manila. The
admiral sent a request to the Spanish
Governor General to he allowed to use
the cable connecting Manila and Hong
kong, threatening if the request was not
complied with to cut the lines. The
Spaniards refused and the cable was cut
There were several matters which the ad
miral desired to present to the attention
of the Spanish authorities, and Captain
Bobbin? was generally trie medium of
communication.
BULLET IN HIS HEAD.
Seeming Case of Attempted Suicide
at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO. May 3.— William B. Kline,
a leading capitalist and retired business
man of San Diego and about GO years of
age, was found lying on the floor In the
barn at the rear of his resilience at 9
o'clock this morning with a bullet wound
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the iat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
A"3 sorts of stores sell it, especially druggists;
*li -oris of people use it.
PASADENAN DIES
OF HYDROPHOBIA
Stricken Several MoQths flfter Y\e
Had Beer) Bitter) by a
Mad Dog.
9 PASADENA, May 3.— Hiram Macy Staats, aged 26 years, one of _
•5 Pasadena's leading real estate and insurance men, died early this morn- it
*$ ing of hydrophobia. Several months ago his little son, aged 4 years, §
p was bitten by a pet dog. Staats. in protecting the boy, was bitten in H
*' the face. He shot the dog. v
'*i Mr. Staftts has been going about as usual and seemed as well as j3
'; ever. A few days ago he was taken ill. At 12:30 this morning he died. g
j|S The little boy was taken East this morning for treatment in the £»
r*i fear he might be stricken. 8
£> Mr. Staats was the son of Rev. Henry T. Staats. who left with his '•
4 » wife for Europe only a few days ago. Robert J. Burdette will officiate *-,
D at tho funeral. ."•
O
i in his head just back of the left ear, and
j a pistol lying on.tl"- floor near him. lie
! was perfectly conscious, and he is re
! ported to have said to a neighbor who
| was called in soon after the pistol shot
• was heard in his residence:
"Too bad, too bad, I didn't do it."
The ball struck the bone at the back
I of the ear and. glanced off into the head,
I where it is lodged. He will probably re
[ cover. : '. .c,:.
| JUDGE DILL OF SAN
DIEGO IS HONORED
Elected Department Commander of
the Grand Army of California
and Nevada.
SAN DIEGO, May 3.— The morning ses- I
sion of the Grand Army Encampment for
the departments of California and Ne
vada was principally occupied in the elec
tion of officers for the ensuing year. The
candidates for grand command* were
Captain A. F. Hill of this city and Judge '■
a. C. Shaffer of Los Angeles. Dill was i
elected on the first ballot. The other
officers elected were Senior Vice-Depart
ment Commander Henry C. Dibble of San
Francisco and Junior Vice-Commander
George M. Motl of Sacramento.
The encampment voted not to change
the color of the Grand Army hat from
black to gray, and ordered an assessment j
of 15 cents a quarter per capita as a
maintenance fee for the encampment.
Past Department Commander C. Mason
Kinne installed the new officers. Com
mander Dill promptly reappointed T. C.
Masteller and E. Wiegand as adjutant
general and quartermaster general re
spectively, the positions they have for
nearly ten years tilled with credit and
fidelity.
San Luis Obispo was chosen as the place
for the nex< encampment.
Just before the hour of 3 p. m. General .
Salomon stepped upon the platform and
begged the indulgence of the new com
mander to permit him to say a few words
to the departing one. Comrade Salomon
spoke of Sol Cahen's services in the
'rand Army and presented him with a
handsome past commander's badge. Past
Comander Cahen made a suitable re
sponse.
Commander Dill then declared the
thirty-second encampment, department of :
California and Nevada, closed.
SHOT BY A CLIENT,
WHO KILLS HERSELF
A Chicago Lawyer Probably Fatally
Wounded by a Young Woman
Without Provocation.
CHICAGO, May 3.-David J. Wit.-, an
attorney, lies at the Post Graduate Hos
pital probably fatally wounded by three
shots fired by a young woman named
Mabel Blrk. After wounding Wlte, Miss
Birk shot and killed herself.
The shooting occurred this afternoon in
a parlor of the Hotel Anthony. Accord
ing to the lawyer's statement, he had met
.Miss Birk in a professional way only.
He met her on the street to-day acci
dentally, he claims, and the young wo
man asked him to accompany her to the
hotel, where she would sing for him.
Wite was seated on the piano stool, run
ning over the keys, when without any
warning his companion shot him three
times. One of the bullets struck Wite
just above the small of the back, an
other lodged in his neck and a third
back of his right ear. The single missile
which ended the life of the young wo
man penetrated the breast.
Wite is well known in Chicago legal
circles and has a considerable practice.
He is married. He says he cannot con
ceive of any reason for the young wo
man's act.
TWELVE JURORS SWORN
IN DESIRELLO'S CASE
REDWOOD CITY, May 3.— took the
entire morning and until 3 o'clock this
afternoon to complete the jury to try ex-
Constable Desirello for the murder of
James Johnston. During the last two
days upward of 100 talesmen were exam
ined. The names of the jurors who will
determine the fate of Desirello are: A.
Gordon, P. J. Foley. E. O'Reilly, A. J.
Frohm, William Casey, William Betzer,
John O'Conneli, George West, Robert
Hansen, Ira Merrill, James Vancourt and
B. Burke.
The taking of testimony for the people
was begun. Dr. Ross testified as to the
nature of the wound in the neck which
severed the jugular vein. The County
Surveyor had prepared a plan of that
part of Colma where the shooting oc
curred and this was introduced in evi
dence. John Baccari, the young man
who was driving the wagon on which
Johnston rode, described the killing. To
morrow the cross-examination of Baccari
will be commenced.
TOWER WANTS RUSSIA TO
ARBITRATE SEALING CLAIMS
NEW YORK, May 3.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Embassador
Tower, the new representative of this
country in Russia, is strongly pressing
the St. Petersburg Government for a set
tlement of the sealing claims filed by
American citizens.
The-** claims, amounting to about
$300,000, have been pending for several
years, and though they have been brought
repeatedly to the attention of the Rus
sian Minister of Foreign Affairs, no set
tlement has been effected.
Embassador Tower has proposed to the
Russan Government that the claims be
arbitrated, and he understands that the
proposition is being seriously considered.
The claims are said by officials of the
State Department to be well based, and
they are confident that If presented to an
Impartial arbitrator he will find in favor
of the claimants.
PRICE OF REFINED
SUGAR HAS ADVANCED
NEW YORK, May 3.— The American
Sugar Refining Company to-day advanced
the price of all refined sugars sold by it
one-eighth of a cent per pound. Standard
granulated was placed at 5% cents,
, against .V cents yesterday and ">** cents
I a month ago. The move was quickly fol
lowed by all . the independent refineries.
The current advance was really begun in
London, where refined sugar prices have
been hardening for some days. It was
forced by the decided firmness in raw
sugar, which cut down decidedly the mar
gin of refiners' profits. Imports of raw
sugar into the United States during March
increased 102,000,000 pounds over 'March,
1898, and in the nine months since last
June the increase was fully a thousand
! ■million pounds.
Deprecates Sunday Funerals.
WOODLAND. May 3.— The Ministerial
Union of Woodland has passed a resolu
tion deprecating the holding of funerals
on Sunday and declaring that when it is
necessary to do so they should be fixed
at an ho**** ■' j| '. | _____________ ill o'clock, the usual
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, ■ MAY 4, 1899.
OFFICERS CHOSEN
BY THE FORESTERS
Hughes Elected Grand
Ghief Ranger.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, May 3.— The Forest
ers of America, in grand court assem
bled, were out very early this morning,
notwithstanding that the degree of S.
I". C. was conferred on sixty candidates
last night. Grand Chief Ranger J.
Samuels called the Grand Court to or
der at 10 o'clock. The grand officers
submitted their annual reports. The
question of biennial sessions was taken
up and provoked an extended discus
sion. The vote was: Ayes, 111; noes,
64. There not being two-thirds in fa
vor the question was lost and the
Grand Court will meet a.gain next year.
San Luis Obispo will have the honor
of entertaining the Grand Court next
time. The advantages of four places
were set forth, but that city won from
Chico, Petaluma and San Francisco.
In the afternoon the election of offi
cers took place, with the following re
sults: Grand chief ranger, Judge J.
W. Hughes, Sacramento; grand sub
chief ranger, Hugo K. Asher, San Fran
cisco; grand treasurer, Frank Conklin,
San Francisco; grand secretary, i John
J. Cordy, San Francisco; grand record
ing secretary, R. E. Bevin, Marysville;
senior woodward, John Heenan, San
Francisco; junior woodward, Dr. W. A.
Weldon, San Pedro; senior beadle,
Charles H. Hogg, San Jose; junior
beadle, Max Grimm, Stockton; trustees
— H. A. Gabriel, Santa Clara (by ac
clamation); Dr. George Pasche, Los
Angeles; E. Lampe, San Francisco. The
only contests were on the election of
junior beadle and trustees.
An adjournment was taken until 9
o'clock to-morrow. The flrst business
to come up in the morning is the elec
tion of supreme representatives. These
are the most coveted offices and there
are thirty or more candidates, with
thirteen to be elected. It is impossible
to forecast the result. The several can
didates have all they can do to keep
their fences in repair. Combinations
are made, only to be broken in an hour.
In many respects the scenes around the
hotels and clubs remind one of political
conventions. However, every one is
good-natured and those who will be
defeated to-morrow are prepared to
make graceful submission. ', -
The remaining business to be tran
sacted to-morrow will be the considera
tion of resolutions heretofore intro
duced. There are several proposed
amendments to the constitution to be
acted upon. One is to elect Officers by
secret instead of open ballot. The spe
cial committee to consider the placing
of State organizers in the field will
probably submit a report.
This evening Senator E. I. Wolfe de
livered an address on the benefits of
the order to a large audience at Wid
ney Hall. This was followed by a
dance. A banquet will take place to
morrow night.
TOOK MORPHINE BY
MISTAKE AND DIED
Fatal Error of Mrs. Schuyler Ham
ilton Jr., a Prominent New York
Society Woman.
NEW YORK, May 3.-Mrs. Schuyler
Hamilton Jr., 30 years of age, wife of the
son of General Schuyler Hamilton, died
at he** home in this city this afternoon
from morphine poisoning. It is said that
an overdose of the poison was taken by
mistake. Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Ham
ilton went to a dressmaker and returned
home feeling very tired. She complained
of great nervousness at the dinner table
and retired with her husband at 10
o'clock. Mr. Hamilton awoke this morn
ing shortly before 8 o'clock and found his
wife unconscious. Physicians were called
at once, but they failed to revive her.
Mrs. Hamilton was Miss Jane Bvrd
Mercer when Schuyler Hamilton Jr. mar
ried her in Baltimore, August 14, 1896.
She was a granddaughter of ex-Governor
Mercer of Maryland and was well known
in Baltimore society before her marriage.
Schuyler Hamilton Jr. is an architect
and a member of several clubs. His fam
ily is one of the most conspicuous in New
York society. -*•-•-.
BOY FOUND HANGING
AT A ROPE'S END
Case of Murder or Suicide Being In
vestigated by Vancouver
Officials.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 3.— Word
I was received here this morning that tho
j body of Adolph Miller, a boy, was found
I hanging by a rope to a limb of a tree a
1 mile from Fern Prairie, this county, with
the neck broken. It is supposed to be a
case of suicide, but the person reporting
it here said that there was a suspicion
in the neighborhood that the boy was a
victim of foul play. Sheriff Marsh and
Coroner Smith have left for the scene to
make an Investigation.
Episcopalians Adjourn.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 3.-An Impres
sive ceremony marked the close of the
convocation of San Jose of the Episcopal
church. It was the celebration of the
holy communion in the presence of the
entire convocation by Archdeacon J. A.
Emery of San Francisco, assisted by Dr
B. A. Lewis of Gllroy. dean of the convo
cation. The last business of the session
was the selection of San Luis Obispo as
the place for holding the next convoca
tion and the appointment of Rev. L. C
Sanford of Salinas to preach the next
convocation sermon.
State Officers Chosen.
PASADENA. May 3.— ln the State Con
vention of* the Universalists to-day offi
cers of the Woman's Branch were elected
as follows: President, Mrs. H. B. Man
ford; secretary. Miss Rose Herr; treas
urer. Mrs. O. P. Gould, all of Pasadena.
Minister to Persia.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The President
has appointed Herbert W. Bowen of New
York Minister to Persia. Minister Bowen
was Consul General at Barcelona before
• the Si.jinish war broke out.
BETTING PUBLIC
FAVORS MANUEL
Kentucky Derby to Be
Run To-Day. •
BUT FOUR CERTAIN STARTERS
CORSINE LIKELY TO BE WELL
SUPPORTED.
It Is Predicted That the Race Will
Be Seen by the Largest Crowd
. Ever at Churchill
Downs.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 3.-Four good
i colts, game and true, with two more
whose chances to start will be governed
entirely by the weather conditions, will
face the starter to-morrow in the twenty
fifth renewal of the Kentucky Derby. The
city is crowded with visitors and good
judges predict that the largest crowd ever
seen at Churchill Downs will witness the
struggle, provided the day is fair. The
track is in superb condition.
Manuel will be the choice of the talent,
with Corsine and His Lordship well sup
ported, while Maze will not be forgotten
by anybody who can remember the name
of his owner, John F. Madden. In his
I trials Manuel has shown a mile and a
I quarter in 2:10%. while Corslne's best time
for the Derby route has been 2:15. His
Lordship has negotiated the distance in
2:12, and Mazo has passed over the route
in 2:13 i.
As far as looks go there is little to
choose between the starters. All are fit
to race fur the proverbial king's ransom
and some pro, net that the track record
will be broken to-morrow. In case of
rain False Lead, Brown Dick's Derby
colt, will start in the Kentucky classic.
The entries and weights follow:
His Lordship Uo|Ma_o 117
Manuel 117 Corsine 122
Fontainbleu in;
ST. LOUIS EASJLY
DEFEATS CINCINNATI
Suburbans Win From the Senators
and the Quakers Pummel the
Giants.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— w. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L Pet
St. Louis 11 3 .786 Louisville ... 7 7 506
Philadelphia.-*. 6 .688 Baltimore ... 8 8 500
Chicago 10 S .62">|New York... 5 9 357
Brooklyn ....10 6 .625, Pittsburg ... 4 8 .333
Boston 9 7 .5*31 Washington.. 4 12 .250 '
Cincinnati ..7 6 .539 [Cleveland ... 8 10 .231
CINCINNATI, May 3. -The Reds were slow
to-day and the St. Louis team had little trouble i
walloping them. Powell was hit hard for four '
innings, but never after that. Attendance, 1600 1
Score:
Clubs — R h. E I
Cincinnati V 7' jl
St. Louis ...9 13 i l
Batteries— Hawley and Petti; Powell and i
Crtger. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
BALTIMORE, May 3.-Both Hickman and j
McGinninty were effective in to-day's contest.
Errors behind the Baltimore pitcher lost the !
game. Boston again played without an error
and the Orioles fielded brilliantly at times I
Attendance, 1888, Score:
Clubs- P.. H. E I
g 0 * 1 , 01 * * 5 0 1
Baltimore 3 4 3!
Batteries— Hickman and Clarke; McGinninty
and. Robinson. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
WASHINGTON. May 3.-Brooklyn won in a
close game through Kelly's double and Dahlen's
single In the first and Heeler's base on balls I
and steal, followed by Dahlen's single, in the
seventh. The local team has a weak lot of bat
ters and could not take advantage of oppor
tunities to score. The game was called at the
end of the eighth inning. Attendance, 300.
Score:
Cubs— R. H. E.
Washington 14 0
Brooklyn 2 6 1
Batteries— and McGuire; Kennedy and
Smith and Farreil. Umpires— and An
drews.
NEW YORK, May 3. -The Philadelphias
won the final game of the series here to-day by
timely hitting, aided by the wildness of Fischel.
The latter is a Columbia University man and
was given a trial. He has good curves, but
was a bit unsteady In the second and ninth
innings. Fifleld gave the locals several chances 4
to score by his wildness, but they could not
make hits when they were needed. Attendance
SOOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 3 8 2
Philadelphia 7 9 1
Batteries— Fischel and Grady; Warner. Fifleld
and Douglass. Umpires— and McDon
ald.
PITTSBURG, May 3.— lt looked like Louis
ville's game when Pittsburg came to bat in the
ninth, with 6 to 1 against them, but the locals
made a finish the equal of which has never
been seen here before. After three runs had
been scored, largely the result of errors by
Cllngman and Wagner, McCarthy rapped a
home run with a long hit to right field and
McCreery followed with a duplicate to left.
Attendance, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 7 8 2
Louisville 8 7 5
Batteries— and Bowerman; Dowling
and Kittredge. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
CLEVELAND. May 3.— The Clevelands held '
the Chicagos even until the seventh, when a
questionable decision tied the ecore. Then Chi
cago batted out a victory in the tenth. Attend
ance, 500. Score: *
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 it 2
Chicago 7 11 3
Batteries— Stivetts and Zlmmer; Taylor and
Chance. Umpires— O' Day and Brennan.
RACES AT REDDING.
REDDING, May 3.— The second day of
the race meeting here proved as Interest
ing as the first; the attendance was as
large and the betting as heavy. The only
bad feature in the programme was the
delay in starting, especially in the first
race. In the second heat of that event
it was necessary to give the horses a
standing start after a half-hour's Jock
eying. Many are still of the opinion that
Black Bess, who was distanced ln th*
third race, could beat her opponent with
another trial. Black Bess' rider fell off
just after the start because of his stir
rup breaking.
The weather was cloudy and cool, mak
ing an Ideal day for racing. Altogether
the meeting has proved a decided suc
cess, and horse racing will be revived
here after the love of that sport had lain
dormant for several years. Summary:
Running, three-eighths of a mile and re
peat. Fisst heat— Mace won, Dora H sec
ond. Time, :36.
Second heat— Dora H won. Josh second.
Time. :35.
Final heat— H won. Jem Mace second.
Time. :36.
Trotting and pacing, 2:50 class, mile, best
two in three— Moll ie won. Time, 2:45. Fleeter
distanced. ;:-v
Running, saddle horses, quarter of a mile
and repeat. First heat— Dead heat between
Cinnabar Belle and Black Bess.
Second heat— Cinnabar Belle won. Time, :24%.
Black Bess threw her rider.
FOUR PERSONS PERISH
DURING A GREAT FIRE
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. .: i" ■ . . -
RIO JANEIRO, Brazil, May 3.— A great
fire to-day destroyed about fifty houses
around the market place here. Four per
sons were killed. , : •.
■ » ■
NOVELTY DAY.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere .v !..-:-. .-
GNAWS HIS WAY
OUT OF PRISON
Sao Gabriel Criminal Severs a
Wooden Bar With His
■ \ nr*- i_ i_
N Teetf).
LOS ANGELES, May 3.— A drunken Mexican confined in the cala
boose at San Gabriel for assault on 14-year-old Maria Valenzuela,
broke jail yesterday in a somewhat remarkable way.
The prison is a stone building containing one room. A small open
ing, barred with two pieces of 2x4 scantling, admits light and air. On
Monday morning Mrs. M. S. Wilson, wife of the Justice of Peace, saw
a prisoner climb through the opening and escape. She notified the
Constable. He found that the Mexican, had gnawed one of the scant
lings apart, and although he had handcuffs on, succeeded in escaping.
Yesterday he found the Mexican in an abandoned adobe hut at San
Gabriel Mission. The recaptured assailant steadfastly refuses to reveal
his name or speak regarding his crime. He is a stranger in San Ga
briel.
CRANIUM'S SHAPE
DECIDES DESTINY
Theory Being Exploited
by Scientists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 3.—
Dr. C. C. Closson of Harvard, a gradu
i ate in sociology, is at present at Stan
' ford University engaged in measuring
the heads of students in the gymnasium
to determine certain questions of
heredity. He takes the length and
breadth of the skull and asks questions
concerning the occupation, character,
health and movements of the student's
ancestry. 'Dr. Closson is one of a new
school of scientists who are studying
anthropology, with a particular view to
: the effect of the shape of the human
! head on race movements and develop
-1 ments.
Interest in the matter originated
' after the report of a commission or
i ganized in the Grand Duchy of Baden,
j under the direction of Lapouge, to ob
' tain a scientific description of the popu
lation. The scientists found there was
a difference between the shape of the
j heads of the urban and rural popula
tion. * The large majority of the latter
I were of a broad headed or Alpine type,
while the former were found to be long
or narrow leaded. As the latter type,
j which is now called the North Euro
j pean type, is the more energetic, ner
-1 vous and migratory, the theory was
! advanced that this difference in race
psychology might account for the
movements of men and nations.
The Baden commission, examined 20,
--! 000 persons; It found that the mass of
: the upper class were of the long-headed
i type, and also that the most of the
persons who moved from the country
Into the city possessed the same head
characteristics. It was shown that the
j narrow-headed type had smaller fam
ilies and the tendency was for the type
to decrease. Further investigation re
vealed that this type of man dwelt
chiefly in the north of Europe, and that
it has taken more than its share in the
migratory movements to the United
States. As the examinations extended
' over the south Of Germany it was dis
covered that the broad-headed type
predominated, both there and in
France.
The results seemed to go to prove a
nascent selection in society, which has
a great sociological interest, and a
number of eminent scientists de
termined to secure further data. Dr.
Callignon investigated in France, and
others in Austria and Switzerland.
They even went so far as to seek in
formation in the catacombs, and it is
now alleged by them that the great
movements in Roman and French his
tory can be traced to these differences
in skull formation.
i America being a new country, built
:up principally by emigrations from
Europe, the men interested in the study
are attempting to verify the findings
of the Baden commission by experi
ments in the United States. It is con
tended that where the broad-headed
type have emigrated they will be
found principally in the East, while the
long-headed type pushed on, and are
primarily responsible for the settle
ment of the West. It was thought that
a representative test could be made
easiest by the examinations of college
students and the members of large so
cieties or clubs. Dr. Sasgent of Har
vard has had examinations made in the
gymnasium there and Dr. Ripley at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
and at Columbia, while Dr. Closson
came West.
He first examined the German,
French and Swiss inhabitants of Los
Angeles, and it was discovered that the
large majority of them belonged to the
long-headed type. Although the reports
of the American examinations have not
been published, it is said that every test
so far made has strengthened the the
ories. If this extensive study of stu
dents in the East and West is satis
factory the examinations will no longer
have to be made by individuals upon
their own responsibility, but the mat
ter will become of sufficient importance
to be taken up by colleges and scientific
societies. "
COACHMAN CONNELL'S
SUIT WILL BE FOUGHT
Millionaire Douglas' Wife to Bitterly
Contest the Action for Breacu
of Promise.
SANTA BARBARA, May 3— Mrs. Ben
jamin Douglas, wife of Millionaire Doug
las, will fight to the bitter end the breach
of promise suit Instituted by Donald Con
ned, formerly her husband's coachman.
Conned alleges that her wedding to Doug
las occurred after she and Connell had
taken out a marriage license. Mrs.
Douglas said to-day:
. "I had loved Connell very much before
my marriage to Mr. Douglas; but when I
found that he was unable to support a
wife I asked him to wait until he could
do so. After this I fell in love with Mr.
Douglas, and when he asked me to marry
him I naturally consented, knowing I
would receive a good home and have all
the luxuries of life. I will fight this to a
bitter end. as my husband is perfectly
willing 1 should do so." .
STILL AFTER THE FEES.
Lawyers Take the Tax Commission
Case Into the Courts.
WOODLAND, May 3.— Upon the appli
cation of Attorneys Devlin & Devlin and
Rodgers, Paterson and Slack, Judge Gad
dis has Issued an alternative writ for the
State Controller to show cause why he
has not paid Yolo County $26,771 20 alleged
to be due as commissions for the collec
tion of taxes. Several counties entered
into contracts with these attorneys prior
to the meeting of the last Legislature for
the collection of these commissions hut
the Legislature enacted a law the purpose
of which was to put an end to all such
litigation. At the time It. was conceded
that the act practically annulled all these
contracts. The Yolo County suit is the
flrst instituted since the adjournment of
the Legislature. >j* v :
TWO MOURNERS
AT HER GRAVE
Mrs. Hassell Buried at
Stockton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 3.— The Hassell -
Hickman inquest to-day was a formal
affair. The jury promptly found that
Mrs. Hassell shot her companion and
then ended her own career.
H. Addison Hassell, husband "of the
Countess, testified that after his mar
riage his wife had confessed that in
England she had experienced a strange
infatuation for a woman. Speaking of
Mrs. Hickman, whom she had but re
cently met, Mrs. Hassell sain she felt
that she could love that woman. Mrs.
Hassell, it is said, was jealous of Hick
man, the husband of her victim.
Edith Cox, Mrs. Hassell'u former
maid, came to the defense of her for
mer mistress in a statement to-day, in
which she said substantially that while
Mrs. Hassell might have been eccentric
she was nevertheless oft correct life.
She declared both of the women must
have committed suicide and refused to
believe Mrs. Hassell was guilty of mur
der.
The murderess was a remarkable
woman. She talked French, was a
pianist of marked ability and had a
cultured voice. She rode well and in
dulged in any and all athletics, from
swimming to fencing.
The funeral of Mrs. Hassell occurred
to-day. Hassell and Miss Cox were the
only mourners, and the pallbearers,
numbering six, made up the party that
gathered at the grave. .There were
flowers and a pretty burial service was
read by the Rev. Dr. Evans of the
Methodist church.
Mrs. Hickman will be buried to-mor
row. Mrs. Hickman was highly con
nected and more than one family feels
the gloom and shock of the affair.
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
Santa Clara County Institute Opens
.. * at San Jose. ■ *v*
SAX JOSE, May 3.— The Santa Clara
County Teachers' Institute opened at the ;
Unitarian church this morning. Over 300
teachers are in attendance. County Su- .
perintendent L. J. Chipman presided. The \
morning session opened with a chorus of
200 children, under M. L. Lawrence. Su
perintendent Chipman then addressed the
teachers. The subject "County Educa
tional Association" was' thoroughly . dis
cussed by Professor R. S. Holway * and
Professor F. P. Russell. -
The Santa Clara High School Mandolin
Club opened the afternoon session. The
programme Included "Scientific Temper
ance, What It is and How Applied," by
A. L. Gates; "Humane Education," by
Mrs. S. B. Ollnder; "Some Learning Pro
cesses," by Professor C. J. Bennett.
A resolution was introduced naming a
committee to consider the taking of the :
examination of grammar grade pupils '
who wish to enter the High ScHool out of
the hands of the County Board of Edu
cation. There will be a big fight in the
institute over this, as the County Board
is opposing it. ,*.....
«
Electric Power for the Utica.
SAN ANDREAS, May The Utica
Mining Company was granted to-day by
the Supervisors of Calaveras County the
right to erect and maintain an electric
power line from Union Lake to Angels
Camp. This means the Utica company
will not use the full supply of water
hitherto necessary and that there will be
water for the other important mines in
Angels Camp that are now closed for
lack of a supply. The board also granted
the Sheep Ranch Mining Company the
right to erect a private telephone to San
Andreas, which will bring the Sheep
Ranch mine in touch with direct tele
graphic communication at this place.
Terrill Must Stand Trial.
SAN JOSE, May 3.— Samuel B. Terrill,
the attorney who is alleged to have
fleeced San Joee people out of thousands
of dollars by means of bogus mortgages
and was arrested at Nogales, Ariz, a few
days ago, is on his way back in custody*
of Deputy Sheriff Anderson. The officer
was stopped at Tucson by habeas corpus
proceedings to-day. These were decided
against Terrill and Sheriff Langford re
ceived a message this evening from An
derson saying he would start for San
Jose.with Terrill in the morning
Whistling Buoy Replaced.
MONTEREY, May 3.-A whistling buoy
which got adrift from its anchorage off
Point Pinos, at the entrance to Monterey
Bay. in the high wind of Monday has
been replaced by a new one carrying a
shriller -siren. The lighthouse tender Ma
drono finished the work of placing it to
%?'--, bell buoy has 3 ust be en located
off Chinatown point, a rocky shoal inside
the bay that is dangerous for light
draught fishing craft, though too close
in shore to endanger larger vessels.
Electric Plant for Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, May 3.— The Common
Council has accepted the bid of the Clear
Lake Electric Light and Power Company
for a franchise in this city. Only one bid
bad been received in response to the ad
vertisement. The terms provide that the
company pay to the city each year 3 per
cent of Its gross receipts, the first pay
ment to be made five years after the final
passage of the ordinance.
Prices of Lumber Fall.
SANTA CRUZ, May 3.— A lumber war
is In prospect. The price has already
fallen from $9 to $7 a thousand. This Is
the result of the lumber combine of San
Francisco shaving been broken.
Premature Explosion.
ELKO. Nev., May 3.— ln Tony Rose's
mine at Tuscarora this morning Rose was
seriously injured and several men slightly.
Abolish the Death Penalty.
At Albany • the law-makers are wrangling
over the abolition of the death penalty. The
man who succeeds in passing such a bill will
prove as great a benefactor to the breaker of
■tnan's laws as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has
to the breaker of nature ; laws. If you ye
neglected your stomach until indigestion, con
stipation, biliousness, liver and kidney troubles
are upon you there's but one cure-Hostetter ■
Stomach Bitters. Don't fall to try it. All
druggists • sell It. -
Both of Rose's lees were broken and he
was badly cut about the body and face.
A premature explosion of blasting powder
maimed the men.
Body of Chilkat Victim.
EUREKA. May Louis Williams, the
driver of the Ferndale-Petrolia stage, this
morning discovered the body of a man ly
ing on the ocean beach near the mouth of
OH Creek,' about five miles south of Cen
terville. Undoubtedly it was thai of one
1 of the victims of the Chilkat disaster on
i April 1. The remains were brought to
Ferndale where Justice Smith held an in
quest this afternoon. The body was not
' identified.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGK HEADACHE
mhfk heAv-wHs
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue **H
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
i^-i^S^S^'S*'') wfe^wl
* r ' ' , rt'i / ■ '* *^_
_^^^^^W0-
SECOND SUCCESSFUL TEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERT ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. The patient live,
ln an atmosphere that positively kills th.
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to th.
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
ment Invariably Increases weight from six to
twenty pounds.
The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking."
A .SUMMARY OF 100 CASES. _
Im- Not Im-
Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
-.
Ist Stage.. M » » 0 M
Id Stage.. St It » » tt
8d Stage.. 30 8 12 16 JO
The Sanatorium If owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the»
Antiseptic Germlclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Th.
Sanatorium Is lighted' by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. ; The rooms— over 100 la
number— cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, nln. .
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet ground,
are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
lar, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings ana
our methods of treatment, will ba mailed frea
on application. __
Address all inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel. Cal.
A Wine Glassful
. taken with meals and at bed time, for a
few days, will convince you of the won-
derful strength building properties of
1— a pure malt tonic t at
is absolutely non-intoxi-
cating. The taking of
this tonic regularly in-
sures perfect digestion
and strong nerves. Cures
insomnia. In a word it is
health sustaining.
Highest Awards and
Honors at Trans- Hiss,
and International Ex-
All druggists sell
BLATZ nALT-ViV»NE.
Prepared ty
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE!. I. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 to 418 Sacramento Street.
♦o-»-o*«*o* o-»-o-*-o + o-**o-**o-»-o-*-o*o*
o ' __F*^~3 !r # 3 * B S*^_^ : _^ ! -5 B *3 5
IM__ll2i!-*BHlb&l v
I Cm IS A $-*■
° I Natural Mineral Water ♦ *
'5 *_S% known for centuries and ♦
O ____ imported
* --^Onk ONLY IN BOTTLES.
4 w-|!l|gffl For Disorders- Stomach ♦
♦ iHMmWim an^ I n -**s es^ on 4
q *jj^^^***j Its value has been tasti- O
4 ffgj_?_i£__\ fied to by thousands. *;♦:;-
-_ t^gssssa "«__, g
2. I 1/irUY So-called Vichy in Sy- 5
. US** phons •
o WOWM IS NOT VICHY * ♦
4 '^___\^_m Get the Genuine. 4
0 r§_|^-s_2_£ Your physician O
* fif'f^Stl^f§ wil * recommend it. ♦
0 } j^S__WiS_\ A. VIGNIER. Distribntiag Agent J
•♦-0-»-0-*-0-»-0-»-0-^O-->-0-*>-0-*'o -»-0-«>-0-«--0-«»
Q Visit M, JOKUAH'J-i cr *•»•
fggL Museum of Anatomy
jf^^i 1051 jJASSEX S3. bet. Gil & 7th, S.F. Cal.
a *« B Th» Largest of its kindln the World.
1 !^a.\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 RwCF Con«ult_tion fr*e. Write for **•-■-
-\\ I of Marriage.
DRMCOTLTY.
"HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
___ Specialistd*re- Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o- Men only. Book on Private Diseases and 1
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'r*>' experience. 0L
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours- •
to 3 daily; 6.3o to B:3o ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. lIOSCOE JIf.MLTY, M.l>.
»«>_ Kearny St., San Francisco. C«LINDIAN SQUAW ASKS
FOR A BIG ESTATE
A Battle Begun for Vast Property
Interests.
-
Mrs. Pauline Franklin Sued by a Redskin
Woman Who Claims to Be the Lawful
Widow of Julius L. Franklin.
TWO complaints will be filed in the
County Clerk's offlce to-day which
will fall like a bomb on the house
hold of Mrs. Pauline Franklin. The
•plaintiff in both suits is Mary Franklin.
T. :. Indian man, who declares herself
to be the lawful *vldow of Julius L.
Franklin, and who will ask the courts to
give her a one-half interest in all the
real property owned by him and also a
one-half interest ln certain personal prop
erty that has been transferred to Mrs.
Pauline Franklin. Both suits Involve
nearly a half-million dollars and the legit
imate rights of wifehood of a woman who
has for almost three decades borne the
name of Julius 1.. Franklin.
There is offspring from both unions.
The living Issue of the first, some of
whom have contested the will of Julius
Franklin, who died on December 20, IST9,
are two children, Ben Franklin, aged 35,
and Mrs. Mollle Wilson,, aged 31, and a
grandchild. Karl Porter, the son of Mrs.
Lena Porter. The children of the second
union are well known in this city. They
are .Philip and Harry Franklin and Ber
tha Solomons, the wife of Frank Solo
mons.
The complaints re highly sensational
in character, inasmuch as they accuse
Mrs. Pauline Franklin, a woman of the
highest reputation in this community, as
being the cause of all the suffering and
exclusion of Mary Franklin, the dusky
plaintiff, from her community rights in
the estate of Julius L. Franklin.
The great amount of money involved
ami the picturesque background lends a
romantic interest to what promises to be
a protracted lawsuit and in which some
six attorneys have been engaged on one
JULIUS L FRANKLIN, Whose Estate an Indian Woman Wants.
Eide alone. It will be a legal battle for
the partition of a vast estate, for the
surrender of large vested interests— all of
the property is in the name of Pauline
Franklin— and the arduous undertaking to
prove the rights of the first wife.
Julius L. Franklin was one of the pio
neers of the Northwest. He began his
adventurous life as a fur trader in Brit
ish Columbia, making friends of the
chiefs of the tribes and building up a
large and remunerative trade. This con
tinued for some years, during which time
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OVERTAXED MD ~~
TIRED-OUT NERVES
Many Disorders Are Di-
rectly Due to Weak
**• Nerves.
HOW TO OVERCOME A CONDITION THAT
MAY LEAD TO SERIOUS EVIL
Tears devoted to the study of the nervous
system, and the application of remedies to
debilitated condition- of the nervous system,
has led to the discovery of the great HUDYAN,
the wonderful specific that nature Intended for
the rebuilding of weakened nerves. Besides
those diseases, that relate directly to the
nerves, such as Nervous ■ haustii m, Nervous
Prostration, Nervous Debility, Epilepsy, st.
Vitus Daace, we have weakened conditions of
the Stomach, the Heart, the Liver, the Kid-
neys, the Lungs, that are due to a weakened
condition of the r.erves tnat govern these
organs. HUDYAN will cure all such disorders,
There is no remedy on earth that will relieve
and cure Nervous Dyspepsia so quickly as
Will HUDYAN. In most Instances those dis- ,
orders peculiar to women are solely .vie to
■ weakened nerves. HUDYAN will correct the
evil. HUDYAN has a peculiar remedial ef-
fect upon broken-down nerve tissue that no
other remedy possesses.
'■VAN will restore broken-down constitu-
tions. It will Infuse new life and vigor into
weak, exhausted systems. HUDYAN furnishes
* Ftrength and nourishment for the nerves.
If you cannot sleep well or if you suffer with
headaches, you need HUDYAN. It will re-
lieve these conditions and remove the cause
Of them within a few hours. HUDYAN Is
soothing to the nerves, and yet li contains
no narcotic drugs. The weakest stomach In
this world will tolerate HUDYAN.
IH'DYAN Is for sale by druggists— a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send lire to. the
j^iUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
v Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
BAN* FRANCISCO, CAL.
You Have the Privilege of Consulting j
the Hudyan Doctor* About Your Case
_•»•• of Charge. Call or Write,
the fur trader met the woman who is
now suing for a community share of
the fortune which he amassed in later
years. As the complaints filed yesterday
"recite. Julius Franklin and the plaintiff
were married on July 5, ISGI. Ten years
later, it is alleged, he deserted her.
The actual estate left by Julius Frank
lin, and of which Pauline Franklin is the
duly appointed executrix, did not amount
to more than $3000. The bulk- of his prop
erty, real and personal, had been trans
ferred to his second wife during the lat
ter years of his life. It consists of land
and Improvements in various parts of
the city, shares in the Spring Valley
Water Works, mortgage bonds of the
Market street railroad, shares of capital
stock in the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Company, the California Street Rail
road Company, the Alaska Packers' As
sociation, the Anglo-Californlan Bank. In
terests In $15,000 and $10,000 promissory
notes, secured by mortgages on real prop
erty and other choses in action. The abo
riginee now comes forward for one-half
of all this representation of wealth.
When Franklin quit the forset and the
camp he moved to Portland with his In
dian wife and children. He recognized
the offspring of the union as his own and
educated them in the ways of civiliza
tion. This period of life continued for
some years, until 1871, at which time, ac
cording to an allegation in the complaint,
the deceased deserted his first choice in
matrimony. After that there is a gap
in the life' of the former fur trader until
his second marriage and the beginning
of his business endeavors in this city.
The sensational allegation which ap
pears in both complaints reads as fol
lows:
"That at the time of the execution of
said Instruments— the transferences of
property to Pauline Franklin— Julius
Franklin and the defendant, Pauline
Franklin, were living together and hold
ing themselves out to the world as hus-
band and wife, and had been so living
! together for a period of twenty years.
"That during said period defendant,
Pauline Franklin, obtained a great de
! gree of influence and control over the
| mind and character of Julius L. Franklin
I and by means of constant importunities
j and persuasion unduly influenced him to
j execute the aforesaid instruments and to
; make over by gift and conveyance to her
! self all the property described therein, to
: the exclusion of plaintiff and in depriva
tion of her rights as the wife of said
j Julius Franklin, deceased. And In this
I behalf plaintiff alleges that Pauline
i Franklin at and prior to the execution of
the aforesaid instruments constantly rep
resented and stated to him that she was
his lawful and true wife and that this
plaintiff was not his wife, and therefore
not entitled to receive at his death any
portion of his property, and furthermore
stated to him that if he did not execute
: the aforesaid Instruments that after his
death this plaintiff would seek to enforce
the rights of a widow, and that great
loss might therefore be entailed upon said
defendant. Pauline Franklin; that at or
prior to the execution of the aforesaid in
strument Pauline Franklin constantly
stated and represent.- to Julius L.
Franklin that .this plaintiff, his true and
lawful wife, was, a woman of low origin,
ignorant, illiterate, uncouth and but a
i semi-civilized Indian squaw; that she this
plaintiff, was old, ugly and undesirable in
every respect as a wife and companion for
said Julius L. Franklin; that furthermore
this plaintiff was living in a foreign
country and that in all probability he.
Julius L. Franklin, would never see her
again; that the said plaintiff had no more
claim on him or his property; that it is
| true that this plaintiff Is of the American
• Indian birth and for thirty years has
lived outside the State of California, sep
arate and apart from Julius Franklin, he
having deserted her in or about the year
i 1871; that by means of said statements" and
representations and the constant repeti
. tion thereof by Pauline Franklin, the
mind and affection of Julius L. Franklin
became alienated from this plaintiff, and
•he became persuaded that it was his
j moral duty to prevent this plaintiff from
ever having it in her power to enforce her
rights as a wife. That yielding to the said
I entreaties, importunities and representa-
I tions of defendant. Pauline Franklin.
Julius L. Franklin executed the aforesaid
I instruments."
The relief prayed for by the Indian wife
is multiplex. She not only asks for an
annulment of all the deeds of gift from
: Julius L. to Pauline Franklin and a de
cree that the latter acquired no title to
the transferred property, it* being the
community Interests of the parties of the
first marriage, but also for an accounting
of rents and profits accruing from its use,
an injunction restraining defendants from
. conveying or incumbering the property
and that a receiver should be appointed
pending the trial of the case.
The plaintiff is represented by J. F.
Riley F. H. Merzbach, L. Solomons and
Carter, Dozler ft Wells. One of the at
torneys undertook the trip to British
j Columbia, where he located the plaintiff,
Mary Franklin, and it is claimed that she
1 Is now ln that country.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Nathan Bibo, a clerk of this city, filed
a petition of Insolvency In the United
States District Court yesterday. His lia
bilities are $2932 and he has no assets. J.
MorunJ. merchant, San Francisco, failed
£or 11706.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
UNEARTHED A
BODY TURNED AS
IF TO STORE
Strange Discovery of
Grave-Diggers.
— ♦ —
INTERRED EIGHTEEN YEARS
— ♦ —
REMAINS OF A MAN APPEAR
JUST AS IN LIFE.
»
Rare Case of Petrifaction, in Which
the Clothes and Hair Seem
to Have Defied
Time.
On Tuesday grave-diggers at the Lau
rei Hill Cemetery made a singular dis
covery. While they dug in quest of what
they believed to be a lot of withered
bones, the result of twenty years' inter
ment, they Were startled by the uncover
ing of a petrified body almost in as per
fect a state of preservation as on the
date of burial.
John W. Brown, a Prussian. 62 years
of age, died at Yokohama, Japan, o.n
April 24. 1881. Shortly after his death
he was brought to San Francisco and his
remains deposited in Laurel Hill Ceme
tery. Or) the same steamer which
brought the remains of Brown to this city
the body of a relative, H. O. Brown, who
died in Japan in LBBO, was also trans
ported. Both bodies were given a rest
ing-place side by side until Tuesday.
A short time ago relatives of the de
ceased men concluded to transfer the
remains of the men to a plat in an Ala
meda cemetery. a local undertaking es
tablishment was given the contract, and
its men went to the burial grounds Tues
day for the purpose of executing the rel
atives' wishes. With them they took two
small boxes. In these they expected to
gather the fragments of a pair of shriv
eled skeletons.
The grave of H. O. Brown was first
opened. His bones were heaped Into one
of the boxes. When the remains of John
Brown were reached the shovels of the
diggers struck some hard substance. It
was first thought to be bedrock, but in
vestigation proved that it had human
form and was perfectly clothed. Instant
ly picks and shovels were dropped and
the men, leaving their find untouched,
rushed to the cemetery office to spread
the information. Many people followed
them back, and the cold lump of apparent
stone was lifted to the surface. The un
dertakers were then obliged to wait for
another box, as the remaining receptacle
was not calculated to encase a life-size
body. When the coffin arrived Brown's
body was hastily taken to the undertak
ing parlors and kept behind closed doors.
Special effort was made to suppress the
story, but it soon had fallen on hundreds
of ears, and frequently during Tuesday
night a long line of the curious awaited
admission for the purpose of viewing the
strange case. They were all promptly
turned away. The relatives ordered a
very quiet reinterment, and yesterday
morning the body was wrapped in a her
metically sealed casket and shipped
across the bay.
Brown's body had been unnaturally pre
served. It had reached an advanced
stage of petrifaction and had endured the
ravages of a score of years of interment
without a shrink or a shrivel. Neither
had It swollen or twisted. From appear
ances the man tipped the scales at about
200 pounds in life and the present weight
of the body would probably approximate
those figures. The coffin had decayed
and fine earth had filtered through the
Intact clothing covering the body and
limbs. When this was scraped off, the
flesh was found to „.ave retained its nat
ural color.
The head and face had been protected
from the earth, and the skin color was
clearly preserved in some spots about the
forehead and temples. The muscles and
lines of the face were as plainly depicted
as on a living body, as were those of the
body and limbs. His hair, of a reddish
hue, was found neatly combed and his
mustache and goatee were as well pre
served as his body. Mummies when taken
from the sarcophagus, are generally be
yond recognition, but Brown was as nat
ural in apperance as on the day of his
death. His complexion had been of a
bronzed hue. and about the face where
the earth had not fallen, it had been con
siderably darkened by the dampness.
The clothing was in such a good state
of preservation that it had to be cut from
the body, and the shoes were in good con
dition, except that they were shrunk con
siderably. The cloth of his burial suit
was of a fine texture and retained . Its
firmness. Where it had not been too bad
ly stained by moistened earth the pattern
could be seen.
The body had become converted Into a
white fibrous substance and had not yet
reached the state of crystallization. The
fingers were pliable, and the arms and
legs could be moved slightly in their
sockets. The chest gave a little under
pressure, but the skin on the body was
solid as rock. .
NEW ROAD TO LAKE TAHOE.
The Line Will Follow a Picturesque
Course and Cross the Truckee
River Three Times.
D. L. Bliss, one of the constructors of
the new narrow-gauge railroad from
Truckee to Lake Tahoe, is authority for
the statement that the new survey for
the line will begin in a lew days. It will
be an entirely new survey. The first one
was made in May. 1897, and was on the
west side of the Truckee River. The one
now under consideration will run near
the old survey most of the way, but will
cross the river and go up on the east
side along the canyon above where the
Deer Park road turns off.
The road will run along the south side
of the Central Pacific Railroad track to
the Truckee Hotel. It is expected that
the latter company will build a sidetrack
so that trains can be backed down and
passengers and freight can be easily
transferred to the new line running to
Lake Tahoe.
Work on the construction of the road,
which will be fourteen miles long, will
be commenced about the middle of May
and will be completed in August. Work
will begin on the farther end of the" line
as the rolling stock and locomotives used
are to be transferred from Glenbrook on
the eastern shore of the lake. A substan
tial roadbed will be built. As the road
will cross the river three times as many
bridges will be constructed of steel. Two
passenger coaches and a baggage car
have already been purchased by the com
pany from the St. Louis Southeastern
Railroad. *.
Who Struck Frank Kane?
Secretary Frank Kane of the Pacific
Coast Society for the Suppression of Vice,
swore to a "John .Doe" complaint in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the
arrest of the man who split his ear tn
the corridor of the City Hall Tuesday
afternoon. Bailiff O'Connor of Judge
Graham's court was prepared to accept
the blame, but Kane is satisfied that he
was not the man.. A. Becker, a saloon
keeper, was arrested yesterday afternoon
and Kane alleges that he Is the man
who struck him, which Becxer denies.
Becker was released on his own recog
nizance by Judge Graham.
More School Suits.
R. A. Mitchell, late instructor of science
and chemistry in the Lowell High School,
who was dismissed from the department
March 29. filed suit yesterday afternoon
against the Board of Education to com
pel his reinstatement. Llntine M. Rid
dell, who was also relieved of her duties
at the Sheridan- Primary School March
22, has applied for a writ of mandate to
compel her reinstatement.
H. Murphy, 630 Market street, lend* money
on tfWpA n*ortsa**e» and estate* - . •-' *
RUINED HIS
PARTNER BY
DEFALCATION
A. JHoriger Wrecks a
Real Estate Firm.
— ♦ —
HE WAS A TRUSTED PARTNER
— —
LEFT TWO WEEKS AGO AND
HAS NOT RETURNED.
—4
He Went to Spanishtown to Collect
Funds, but Cleaned Out the
Safe Before Taking
His Departure.
♦
Misplaced confidence in a partner with
whom he had been associated in business
for several years has proven the finan
cial ruin of _. A. Souc, the well-known
Mission real estate man. Albert Horiger,
the partner of Souc, has left foj parts un
known and he managed to take with him
all the ready cash of the 'firm, besides
leaving the books of th? concern in such
a jumble and chaotic state that it will
take an expert to ascertain the exact
amount of his peculations, which cover a
period of several ears. Despite this,
however, Souc has done the right thing
by the creditors of the firm. He has
turned over to Madison & Burke all of the
property and Attorney Bull of the firm
of Crandall & Bull declares that all of the
creditors will be satisfied and their losses
made good. There are about 170 separate
accounts which need adjustment and
these claims will amount to $1000. Madi
son & Burke on Tuesday collected 5750
due the firm and this amount will be used
first in liquidating some of the claims.
In the meantime Souc has notified the
j police of the disappearance of his former
J partner and everything will be done to
' apprehend Horiger in order that he may
: be brought back to answer for his mis
deeds. It is the same old story, only in
this Instance Horiger had no visible vices
such as gambling or drinking which
might have given Sotic any clew as to
what he was doing. Horiger has been in
San Francisco about six years. He came
here from Columbus, Ohio, and was to all
appearances an honest and thrifty fellow.
When the partnership was formed Hori
ger kept the bocks and did the office work
while Souc did the hustling on "the out
side. Two weeks ago yesterday Horiger
left for Spanishtown, saying that he was
going to collect some money that was due
the firm. He stated that he might prob
ably be gone a day or so. Nothing was
thought of the fact that he did not re
turn Immediately, but about the last of
the week Mrs. Smith of 431 Twenty-sev
enth street, with whom Horiger boarded,
came to the offlce with a note for one of
the employes of the office named Wallace
Gould. The note was from Horiger and
rtad as follows:
April IS, 1899.
Dear Wallace: If I should not get back to
the city you will please give to Jack (Mrs.
1 Smith's father) the $145 that we ' owe him out
! of the 1260 he loaned US, even if it is the last
money In the box. If I don't get any money in
; Spanishtown 1 will keep going and find some-
I thing to do. I can't stand the pressure if
anything happens. A. HORIGER.
This was the first intimation Souc had
that there was anything wrong. He then
made a hasty examination of the books
and found that they had not been kept
for the past two years and that they
were in a hopelessly mixed up state. Next
; skeleton keys were used to open the safe,
when it was found that It had been
cleaned of everything. It appears that
Horiger had been making a quiet "draw
down" all this time. Souc trusted him
completely, for to all appearances Hori
ger was a steady and hardworking man.
A* present Souc Is entirely broken up as
far as his business is concerned, but he
1;* determined to make good all the obliga
tions of the firm. Souc is the president of
the Mission Men's Improvement Club.
RETAIL GROCERS WILL
HAVE A GRAND OUTING
PREPARATIONS COMPLETE FOR
THEIR PICNIC.
Schuetzen Park Will Be Crowded
With Members and Friends on
Wednesday Next Long
List of Prizes.
For twenty-eight successive years the
wholesale grocers and the retail trade
have united to make the outing of the
local Retail Grocers' Association a suc
cess. This year extra efforts are being
put forth and the event, which comes off
on Wednesday, May 10, at Schuetzen
Park, will be marked by several unique
events and a number of prizes much out
of the ordinary.
Over COO prizes have already been con
tributed by the wholesale dealers who
always participate in the affair. More
still are promised and the various events
should be rich with prizes by next Wed
nesday.
Besides the usual races for all comers,
there will be special prizes at the shoot
ing range for the wholesale grocers, for
the commercial travelers and the press
representatives, as well as the retail gro
cers. There is also to be a "Massacre
(for prizes) of infant Filipinos" by the
city salesmen, who will be armed with
baseballs. Another queer event Is to be
a wooden shoe race for grocery clerks. In
which the winner must cross the line with
both shoes on. There will also be some
odd races for the little boys, while the
ladies will be given a chance to win
twenty-three prizes by guessing the num
ber of Inches ln an unwound ball of
twine.
For the retail grocers there is to be a
special drawing for a fifty-four-gallon
barrel of Kentucky whisky. There will
also be distributed a little over 400 articles
as gate prizes, to which every person en
tering the gates will have a chance.
A final meeting of the picnic committee
of the Retail Grocers' Association was
held last night, at which President Jo
seph A. Stulz presided. A long list of the
firms contributing prizes was read and
those who had promised prizes were also
enumerated. It was decided to have an
orchestra of forty pieces and two extra
trains were arranged for to accommodate
the crowds.
There is to be a final meeting of the
committee on Monday evening.
Larkspur Will Celebrate.
Arrangements are making at the village
of Larkspur for a big celebration to oc
cur on Sunday next, when the citizens of
that pretty resort will get together with
their hammers and saws to lav 2200 feet
of sidewalk from the postofflce to the
glen and camp ground.
Larkspur's one great need since the
camp there was opened has been a sub
stantial board walk, and finally the citi
zens and friends of the place have pooled
their spare cash and bought $300 worth
of lumber for the purpose. They will
build it themselves, and the day will be
made one of much celebration. There will
be a picnic at the glen and other festivi
ties, and a cordial invitation is extended
to every one to be present and assist in
the pleasure and work.
New '•Owl" Schedule.
The Southern Pacific has announced a
change in time in the moving of the
"owl train to and from Los Angeles, to
take effect on and after Sunday next.
The "owl" will leave this city at 6
o'clock in the evening, instead of 5 o'clock
as at present, and will leave Los Angeles
at 5 o'clock, instead of at 5:30 as under
the present schedule. The train up from
Los Angeles will also carry a dining car
after that date, which will greatly add
to the convenience of the service. '
. *. I ._*. V *.' _.
THE TAX LEVY
IN THE HANDS
OF CITIZENS
Merchants' Associa
tion Committees.
— ♦— —
WORK WITH SUPERVSORS
— ♦ —
ALL EFFORTS TO BE CAREFUL
LY SYSTEMATIZED.
— — ♦
Business Men to Investigate the Re
quirements of Municipal De
partments and Make
Report.
♦
On March 20 the Board of Supervisors
passed a resolution to submit to the
| Merchants' Association the matter of the
l tax levy for the year 1599-1900. The as
| sociation accepted the charge and soon
after named the chairmen of committees
to take charge !of the various features
of their respective departments. A meet
ing of the directors was held yesterday
and the chairmen of committees an
nounced the names of the following citi
zens to report on the tax levy:
School department— W. R. Sherwood (chair
man), Arthur G. Towne, H. L. Davis, C. A.
Murdock, Thomas Magee.
Police department— Hugo D. Kell (chairman),
A. J. Rich, Isaac Upham, F. W. Van Slckleu,
Frank A. Vail.
Fire department— D. Grant (chair
mar.!. E. B. Haldan. Horatio Beveridge. C. E.
Worden, H. H. Taylor.
Street department— John E. Quinn (chairman),
Horace Davis, J. F. Merrill, W. li. Harrington,
M. Greenebaum.
Judicial department— Bundechu (chair
man), Andrew M. Davis, Joseph Simonson, J.
P. Le Count, M. S. Kohlberg.
Parks and public grounds— J. Pymmes
(chairman). P. X. Ltlienthal, E. B. Pond,
Irving M. Scott, G. H. Umbsen.
Public buildings and institutions— D. V. Kelly
(chairman), Henry Michaels, Kenneth Melrose,
Edward H. Mitchell, Frank Maskey.
Libraries and reading rooms George Llebes
(chairman), H. H. Sherwood, William Doxey,
L. Prager, Byron Mauzy.
Health department— Hugo Rothschild (chair-*
man), I. H. Morse, A. Sbarboro, William Red
lngton, Ludwig Arnstein.
Legislative and executive departments— Rolla
V Watt (chairman), G. W. Kline, Frank L.
Brown, Charles F. Tay, George D. Cooper.
Gas and electric light— Marshal Hale (chair
mar.). R. S. Atkins, T. J. Harris, P. C. Hale.
Water and water supply— Wallace Bradford
(chairman). George R. Sanderson, Samuel Fos
ter, James M. Wright. E. A. Selfridge.
Miscellaneous — Joseph Brltton (chairman),
Herbert B. Law, Jacob Rosenberg, W. K. Vick
ery, C. Herrmann. President F. W. Dohrmann
and Vice President A. S. Baldwin, ex-officio
members of each committee.
The directors then issued the following
directions to the committees, with in
structions to meet and prepare reports
to be presented to the Supervisors as soon
as "possible:
Income of the city— Ascertain revenue (if
any) from your department. Recommend any
practical plan for increasing revenue (If any)
from your department.
Statutory expenses— Ascertain the expenses
in your department that are fixed by statute.
Report upon such statutory expenses in your
department as should be reduced or abolished.
Flexible expenses— Ascertain the expenses in
your department that are not fixed by statute.
Report upon such flexible expenses in your de
partment as should be reduced or abolished.
Charter expenses— Ascertain the expenses in
your department that are fixed In the new
charter. Ascertain the expenses in your de
partment that are not fixed by the new char
ter. Report upon such present expenditures as
may be reduced or abolished under the new
charter. . .
Public Improvements— any public
Improvements in your department' that should
be provided through the annual tax levy. Re
commend any public improvements In your de
partment that should be provided through the
issuance of municipal bonds.
ST. LUKE'S HOSPITAL AFFAIRS.
Increase in the Number of Patients
Necessitates Additional Buildings.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of St. Luke's Hospital last night the res
ignation of President Dr. J. V. D. Mid
dletoh was received from New York. Dr.
Mlddleton stated as his reason for resign
ing the presidency of the corporation that
he was going to Europe on a lengthy tour.
The resignation was accepted and the di
rectors elected C. V. S. Gibbs, the former
president of the board, to the vacant
chair. President Gibbs has been identi
fied with the directory of St. Luke's Hos
pital for a number of years and has dur
ing this period spent more time and given
more financial aid to it than any other
one man connected with the corporation.
The question of extending Twenty-sev
enth street through the northern side of
the grounds as advocated by an improve
ment club in that portion of the Mission
was discussed in an informal sort of way.
Sufficient, however, of the feeling of the
directors was elicited to learn that the
scheme will be resisted by the stockhold
ers of St. Luke's Hospital. As to the pro
gressive spirit of the directors in aiding
improvements in that portion of the Mis
sion they will join hands with the pro
gressionists in opening Duncan street on
the southwest side of the hospital lot
and will cheerfully contribute one-half
oi" the expense attending the grading,
sewering and paving of the same, putting
it in that condition which will authorize
its acceptance by the city.
The question of providing more room
for patients was discussed by the mem
bers of the board. It was stated that the
hospital was now overcrowded and appli
cants had to be refused accommodation
in consequence.
To provide for more ward accommoda
tion C. V. S. Gibbs, Dr. George H. Pow
ers and Judge F. W. Van Reynegom were
appointed a committee to procure an ad
ditional building, the expense of which is
not to exceed $10,000. This limit, the di
rectors explained, was because it is the
intention to erect an entire new building
in the near future which will be an up
to-date affair, possessing all the very lat
est improvements known to medical sci-
ence. • ' ■
The present building was erected nearly
thirty years ago and at the time It was
put up the site was on an island, in the
middle of the Mission Creek. Access to
it was over a wooden bridge from Twen
ty-sixth street. Ever since its construc
tion it has been a very popular place for
patients and has had the name of being
well managed.
SHE KNEW OF THE WILL.
Interesting Testimony in the Suit of
Carrie Sankey Against the
Cogginses.
The action of Miss Carrie Sankey
against her ex-guardians, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Coggins, to recover property
valued at about $30,000, is drawing to a
close before Judge Belcher. The rebuttal
opened when the case was called yester
day morning, and some interesting facts
were elicited. Mrs. Coggins, in her testi
mony given on direct examination, said
that she did not know Miss Sankey had
made a will in her favor. This testimony
was refuted by Miss Bachus and Mrs.
Katie A. Carter, both of these witnesses
positively testifying that on several occa
sions Mrs. Coggins had conversed with
them regarding this matter. Miss Sankey
was recalled for examination, and testi
fied that when she signed a release of all
demands against her ex-guardians she
was in a state of health bordering on col
lapse and did not know what she was do
ing. This testimony was the subject of
numerous objections, but it all got In and
will doubtless materially affect the de
termination of the case.
Off for Alaska.
Company L of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry, now stationed at the Presidio,
has gone north to Vancouver. Later it
will proceed to Alaska to relieve the two
companies of the Fourteenth Infantry,
which are now doing duty up there. Com
pany L is under command of Captain
GAGE CLOSETED IN A
PATRONAGE CONFERENCE
Plans to Strengthen the Republican
Party Discussed.
The Governor, Wendell Easton, D. M. Burns
and Major McLaughlin Together Three
Hours at the Palace.
GOVERNOR GAGE, Wendell Eas
ton, D. M. Burns and Frank
McLaughlin were in conference
at a room in the Palace Hotel
from 2 o'clock until nearly 5
yesterday afternoon. E. F. Preston
was expected but did not attend. The
attendants after waiting nearly an
hour for Mr. Preston began to discuss
the subject which the conference was
called to consider.
Governor Gage, having determined to
make a good many appointments to of
fice when he reaches Sacramento the
latter part of this week, expressed a
desire to confer with certain Repub
licans who were active in the campaign
last fall before announcing his selec
tions. In bringing the topic to the at
tention of the conference yesterday he
spoke of his former declaration that he
intended to recognize, in the distribu
tion of the patronage at the bestowal
of the executive, the interests which
largely contributed to the success of
the party last November. He indicated
that he had not changed his mind and
would endeavor to recognize the lead
ing elements of the party in the dis
tribution of official patronage.
The Governor is reported as having
said that he would be guided by a de
sire to unite the conflicting elements in
the party and so strengthen the party
organization for the next campaign. He
disclaimed any intention to reward in
dividuals for personal favors. He
asked the men present to speak with
out resorvation. concerning the merit
and fitness of applicants for the vari
ous positions.
The story goes that some plain talk
followed and more than a little feeling
was exhibited when the talk became
decidedly pointed. Surprise was mani
fested over the declaration that the
Governor intended to recognize the
wishes of certain leading Republicans,
but there was no open remonstrance.
One of the attendants had. no hesita
tion in saying that the future success
of the party depended upon a recog
nition of all the leaders who had con
tributed to the success of the Repub
lican party in the election last Novem
ber.
When . the names of applicants for
office, together with the names of their
respective indorsers, were read the in
terest in the proceedings became ani
mated. The Governor invited unre
A MORAL WAVE
HITS EMERYVILLE
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call, 90S Broadway, May 3.
EMERYVILLE is becoming moral.
The keno-players will have to move on. After being driven out of
Oakland by Councilman Girard's ordinance they took refuge in Emery
ville, and for a week several express wagons have been busy carting
gambling paraphernalia out to Emeryville. A section of the San Pablo road
north of Thirty-seventh street is in Emeryville and instantly became a favor
ite place for gamblers.
If there be any money in Emeryville to spare for gambling it is all
wanted at the racetrack, so it was not surprising that the Emeryville Trus
tees should decide that keno is an unwelcome, immoral innovation in their
little town, and take steps to prohibt it. Last night an ordinance was in
troduced making it illegal to deal, play, carry on, either as owner or em
ploye, any game of keno, or to play or bet in any such game within the town
of Emeryville. It is also made a misdemeanor to rent any place in which
keno shall be played. The fine for violating any provision of the ordinance
is fixed at $300, or three months' imprisonment, or both.
There is no doubt that the ordinance will be finally passed. It is worthy
of remark that this moral measure was introduced by W. Fieldwick, man
ager of the racetrack and a Trustee of the town of Emeryville.
ESTATES OF THE BEAD.
Wills of David Mendelsohn and Au
gust kellermann Filed.
The will of the late David Mendelsohn,
who died April 28, leaving an estate
valued at about $10,000, was filed for pro
bate yesterday. The bequests follow: To
Soloman Mendelsohn, a brotner, $100; to
Mrs. Sarah Kahn, a sister, $150; to Mrs.
Masha Frankon and Frederlca Mendel
sohn, sisters, who reside in Riga, Russia,
$100 each; to Mrs. Hannah Horowitz, a
sister, residing at Metau, Courtland, Rus
sia $100; to Samuel and David Bernstein,
nephews, residing in this city, $100 each;
to Hannah Meyer, Lulu, Sarah and Mina
Newfield, nieces, residing In this city. $200
each* to Fannie. Rebecca and Masha
Kahn and Rosa Bernstein, nieces, of this
city $100 each; to Mrs. Hannah -Conn, a
niece, $50; to Bernard and Max Kahn,
nephews, residing in this city, $50 each;
to Philip Kahn of Stockton, a nephew,
"owing to his misconduct- and disre
spect, " the nominal sum of $1; to Philip
Horowitz of this city and Hyman and
Marx Horowitz of -Metau, Courtland, Rus
sia $50 "each. The residue of the estate
is devised in equal shares to decedent's
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©•••©•©©©••©©••©•©©©©•©©©©•©•©©•©©•••©•©••••g
PAIN IS GONE.
§ It leaves no place for pain to rest in. That is q
• -fS§\ a " that need be said of my Electric Belt. It •
© *EdW # drives the pain right' out of the body by giving ©
• * ___i_B__l-*-**' strength to the muscles and vigor to the blood. ©
It y^f^^^^^L Rheumatism Cured. •
I _<_^®^^l^^l- Grizziv Flat ' El Dor *- do Co*. Cal., March 29, 1899. «©
$ *-* ear s ' r - ' have worn your *^ elt a little over two ***
months and am cured of my rheumatism of fourteen &
® years' standing. I never expected to get rid of it. My ©
* # arms and to the muscles and vigor to the blood. £
Rheumatism Cured.
Grizzly Flat, El Dorado Co., Cal., March 29, 1899. «£
Dear Sir: I have worn your Belt a little over two £
months and am cured of my rheumatism of fourteen Q
years' standing. I never expected to get nd of it. My •
arms and shoulders were so stiff and sore I could not J
_ raise my hands above my head. My catarrh is much ®
"a __fllil-S&fliii better than it was, and am satisfied it will be cured £
n _^^^^&^> entirely. You can use this as testimony. Yours re- ©
9 _W__W_W!_ The Beit is good, but my met - * of applying ©
© t_w^MM it is what makes it do the work. Try it Call or ©
•* Ww WtAn send for book, free. • ©
| DR, SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN, Manager, •
© 102 Market St,, cor. Kearny. S.F. SEND FOR MY BOOK, ©
© And Cor. Spring and Second Sts., Los Angeles. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," __
ft Olfice Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays. ©
J 10 to 1. NEVER BOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE. ©
served comment or criticism and at
least one member of the conference ac
cepted the suggestion and spoke his
mind freely as he had no favors to ask,
no friends to reward and no enemies to
punish. He professed to speak for what
he believed to be the good of the service
and the party welfare.
As far as can be ascertained no agree
ment was reached yesterday in favor of
any applicant. In some instances the
members of the conference were not
wide apart in their views, but the Gov
ernor did not signify that his choice
was fixed. In two or three cases ob
jection to leading aspirants for political
favor was so pronounced that a "turn
down" was regarded as inevitable. It
was whispered last night that Jacob
Steppacher would not be nominated
Registrar of Voters.
It was the sense of the conference
that it would be wise for the Governor
to recognize the labor organizations in
the appointment of the Commissioner
of the Bureau of Labor Statistics, but
the fact was stated that the organiza
tions had presented but one name.
There was no enthusiasm for the one
recommended.
The Governor advised the conference
that he had appointed Major Ben
C. Truman to represent the region of
Southern California at the Paris Expo
sition. Many names were canvassed
for the other two places — to repre
sent the central and the other the
northern part of the State. An effort
is being made to induce the Governor
to appoint the Democratic commis
sioner from the central part of the
State, and E. B. Pond has been sug
gested as a proper man for the place.
Drury Melone is said to be doing some
missionary work in Pond's behalf. The
idea is advanced that one of the com
missioners at least should be a rich
man, so that he could afford to spend
money lavishly at the exposition.
The slate fixed up at Sacramento
some weeks ago contained the names
of Ben Truman, Mark L. McDonald and
M. H. de Young for the Paris Exposi
tion Commission. The declination of
De Young affords opportunity for the
revision of the general plan so as to
take a Democrat from San Francisco
and put in a Republican from the
northern part of the State instead of
McDonald. The Governor is said to be
casting about for an acceptable Repub
lican in Sacramento. Herrin is said to
have a friend in Shasta County who
would be glad to get the job. After the
conference dissolved the Governor was
asked if anything had been done with
reference to Mark McDonald's case,
and he replied that no action was taken
thereon.
nieces, Mrs. Hannah Meyer, Lulu, Sarah
and Minna Newfield. Mark Meyer is
named as executrix to serve without
bonds.
The will of August Kellermann, who
died April 28, was also filed. The testator
bequeaths his entire estate to his brother,
Carl Klllermann, and his wife Marie and
daughter Sophie, share and share alike.
An Undesirable Girl.
Deputy Immigration Commissioner
Schell has made a report to Chief North
of the case of Clara Sture, alias Clara
Stewart, an 18-year-old girl, who arrived
from England in July, IS9S. The girl had
been subject to epileptic fits before her
arrival here, and Immediately after her
arrival was sent to the City and County
Hospital to be treated for the fits and a
loathsome disease. The girl was then
placed in the California Girls' Training
School, and was afterward committed to
the Stockton Insane Asylum. Her sister.
Mrs. Minnie Sture of Mississippi street in
this city, informed Captain Schell that
she was unable to provide for the unfor
tunate girl and that she had no other
relatives here. Captain Schell urges that
Clara be sent back to England.
34
HUMBERT LOSES
HIS MINISTERS
Italian Cabinet Resigns
to Avoid Questions.
*. '. .* .■■*■■ * •
■ — ♦ —
DUE TO EASTERN POLICY
— -► —
CHAMBER ADJOURNS AMID A
SCENE OF EXCITEMENT.
♦
Action Taken as the Result of Tues
day's Move by. the Deputies,
Headed by Sigror
Crispi.
. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, May The Italian Ministry
has resigned as a special sequel to the
scene in the Chamber of Deputies yes
terday.
In the course of a prolonged and ani
mated discussion regarding the Govern
ment's foreign policy the Minister for
Foreign Affairs, Admiral Canavaro. cre
ated a lively sensation by producing,
in response to the attacks upon his pol
icy at San Mun Bay, an official letter
signed by Count Benin Longare, Under
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs
in the Cabinet of Marquis di Rudini.
and addressed to the then Minister of
Marine, Signor Brin, requesting him to
initiate some action that would secure
for Italy a station in China. This let
ter showed that the present leaders of
the opposition . initiated the policy
which they are criticizing. Admiral
Canavaro's action in making public a
secret document evoked sharp comment
from Marquis di Rudini, Signor Crispi
and other leading members of the
Chamber of Deputies. Signor Crispi, in,
the course of his protest, said:
"We are giving, with light hearts, a !
sorry spectacle to Europe. I ask the
Chamber to* cease his discussion." As
he closed Signor • .rispi was greeted
with an extraordinary demonstration,
several members rising and exclaiming,
"He is our only man."
Immediately upon the opening of the j
Chamber of Deputies to-day General
Pellieux, the Premier and Minister of
the Interior, arose and addressed an
attentive house. He said that in con
sequence of the interpellations touch
ing the Chinese question the Govern
ment had considered the gravity of the
situation. The effect of yesterday's
debate showed a la.. minority in the
Chamber of Deputies against the Min
istry's action in China, which would be
supported by only a weak majority.
Therefore, the Prime Minister said,
there could be no useful result from
further discussion.
General Pellieux said he wondered I
how a modest commercial initiative in I
China could justify fears of military ;
expansion in Erythrea. The Govern
ment, he said, could not consent to
withdraw Italian warships from the
Yellow Sea, and then I resigned.
The Prime Minister's statement was
greeted by loud murmurs from the
Leftists. General Pellieux concluded
by announcing the resignation of the
Cabinet.
The adjournment of the house having
been moved a number of Deputies pro
tested loudly against the habit of Min
isters resigning on the eve of an ad
verse vote. Finally in the midst of
considerable uproar the Chamber ad
journed amid great excitement.
King Humbert has reserved his de
cision relative to the resignation of the
Ministry, but the Cabinet will remain
in office for the dispatch of current
business.
It is understood that the occupation
of San Mun Bay, China, will take place
immediately, thus making it un fait ac
compli for the incoming Premier.
Late to-night a report is in circula
tion that General Pellieux has already
received an informal mandate to recon
struct the Ministry.
BROKE THE BRIC-A-BRAC
AND REFUSED TO ?[ V
Colonel Ingersoll the Defendant in a
Suit Brought by His Former
Landlord.
NEW YORK, May 3. Colonel Robert
G. Ingersoll was defendant In a suit yes
terday before Justice Martin, the plain
tiff being Dr. Ellas M. 1.. Bristol, who
wanted to recover $133 50. The doctor
says the colonel, who had leased his Mad
ison avenue residence, damaged furniture
and bric-a-brac to that amount and de
clined to pay for it. Artists, tradesmen,
experts, lawyers and principals were In
court, and a cracked bust of Charles
Dickens was placed beside a patched-up
Japanese vase on a table before the Jus
tice's bench.
Colonel Ingersoll occupied Dr. Bristol's
furnished house at an annual rental of
$6503 until last fall, when the rent being
raised to 17500 the colonel moved to Gram
ercy Park. It was in moving that the
bust of Dickens was knocked over and
cracked and the tall vase had its top
shattered. Hence the litigation. When
Colonel Ingersoll was asked in court if
he would swear when called to give his
testimony, he smiled and said, "What's
the use of troubling the Almighty about
such a little case as this?"
Colonel Ingersoll affirmed that he had
been ready to pay a reasonable price for
the broken articles.
"I sent $20 In gold to Dr. Bristol's at
torn, he said. "sls for th. statuette
and $5 for the vase. The broken furniture
bill was an aft. rthoughl on the doctor's
part. I was told of it weeks later. At
first there was no claim except for the
vase and the statuette."
Justice Martin reserved his decision
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FACSIMILE OF HEAD OF CASK.
TRADE MARK.
From
DUFF CORDON & CO.,
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
' CHARLES tOEZNtSCKK * CO..
-gents Pacific Coast, 314 Sacramento Street
San Francisco, Cal.
DR. BRYANT WOOS
AND WINS A BELLE OF
THE GARDEN CITY
SAX JOSE, May 3. —In Trinity
Church at noon to-day the nuptials
of diss Betty Tisdale and Dr. Ed
gar. Reeve Bryant of San Fran
cisco were celebrated, Rev. Dr. J.
B. Wakefield officiating.
The church was artistically decorated.
The bride, a charming brunette, was at
tired in a gown of ivory white satin du
chesse, trimmed with rare old point d'Al
i neon and pearls. L_e voile a la juive
was held by a magnificent sunburst of
diamonds, She carried bride roses. Her
only attendant was her sister, Miss
Blanche Tisdale. who was gowned in a
dainty creation of white organdie, lace
and ribbons. She carried Papa Gontier
roses. The best man was Dr. T. J. Fra
zer of San Francisco. The ushers were
Messrs. "Jack" Tisdale. David Bryant,
William Stephan and William Toepke.
The church was crowded with the
wealth and fashion of San Jose, and a
large number of prominent people from
ARMED MEN FOR
MINERS' PLACES
Plan of Arkansas Coal
Operators.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., May 3.—Gov
ernor Jones has been Informed of a
move to bring into the coal mine dis
trict an armed body of men to take the
places of the strikers. He has given in
structions to the State authorities to
summon every able-bodied man in Se
bastian County, if necessary, to enforce
the injunction of Judge Rowe. All such
armed men are to be met at the State
line and placed under arrest, as are
also those who supply the arms.
Mine operators will be arrested by
the State authorities when they at
tempt to bring in armed laborers un
der the protection of Deputy Marshals.
The injunctions issued by the State
and Federal courts are in direct con
flict, and the Governor regards the sit
uation as critical. He is determined
that the writ of the State court shall
be carried out, and if necessary will
go to the mining district in person and
direct the carrying out of the court's
order, which he believes to be the only
way in which bloodshed can be averted.
The strikers are armed and a san
guinary conflict is said to be inevitable
if non-union men are imported.
FOUND HANGING TO A
BEDPOST IN HIS ROOM
Aged Guest Named Patterson Com
mits Suicide in a Hotel at
San Jose.
SAX JOSE, May 3.— man who regis
tered as W. W. Patterson was found dead
hanging to a bedpost in his room at the
Branch Pacific Hotel this morning He
had not been seen out of hi** room since
Sunday and the deed is supposed to have
been committed Sunday or Sunday night.
The hotel proprietor says he missed him
on Monday and looked over the transom.
He though! the man was kneeling at his
devotions and did not disturb him. When
nothing was seen of the than outside of
his room up to this morning an Investiga
tion was made and a balerope was seen
around the neck of the kneeling body,
The Coroner has the body.
The hotel people -say he came to the
hotel the 31st of October. He has been
receiving regularly remittances by check
or money order, but. it has not been
learned where they came from. Ho has
paid his bills regularly each Monday
morning.
The man has been getting a copy of the
lowa Citizen, a paper published at lowa
City. lowa. He was about GO years of
age.
HE WAS DECEIVED
BY HER GLASS EYE
A Cincinnati Man Must Pay Alimony
Even Though He Had a
Grievance.
CINCINNATI, May .1. Judge Jetke to
day granted a divorce and alimony to
Catherine RraUß from Charles Kraus.
When Mrs. Krai. is sued for divorce her
husband's attorney filed an answer set
ting forth that his wife had a glass eye
and had deceived him. as he did not know
of the glass eye until after their mar
riage. The court held that facial or other
physical blemishes were not grounds for
frauds In marriage contracts.
Nickel Machines Must Go.
LOS ANGELES, May Mayor Fred
Eaton called a special meeting of the Po
lice Commission to-day to take action in
removing nickel -ln-the-slot machines
from saloons. He presented a lengthy
communication in which he suggested
that a license be placed upon them so
heavy as to be prohibitive. This feature
the Mayor embodied in a series of reso
lutions that he had prepared, and he de
manded that the Council take cognizance
of the growing evil. As the commission
is empowered by ordinance to revoke the
licenses of saloons that maintain nickel,
machines,, it is expected the board will
act Independently if the Council fall at
its next meeting to take the matter up.
Not Bitten by a Dog.
NEWPORT, R. 1., May 3.— Mr. and
Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt have closed
Belvolr f6r a week and gone to New
York. It is understood the visit is occa
sioned by a series of social events ar
ranged in their, honor. The report in a
New York paper to-day that Mr. Vander
bilt was nursing a hand injured by a dog
bite is without foundation.
Wedding Invitations, visiting cards, line
stationery and printing at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
San Francisco and other parts of the
State. The presents were numerous,
elaborate and costly, and came from all
sections of the State and the United
Stat.
The bride, well known in society cir
cles, is a daughter of the late William de
Witt Tisdale, for many years president
of the First National Bank of. San Jose.
She is brilliant and accomplished, is very
artistic; and has devoted much time to
the study of the harp, which she plays
exceedingly well. Miss Tisdale received
her education 'in the College of Notre
Dame, in this city. She graduated with
high honors, and later received the de
gree of A. B. from that institution. She
was the only graduate upon whom the
honor has been conferred.
Dr. Edgar Reeve Bryant, son of the
late Dr. Berry man Bryant, is a graduate
of the University of the Pacific. In 1885
he received the degree of Ph. 8., and in
1888 the master's degree. After some pre
liminary work in his native State he left
for Philadelphia, where after three years
.of hard study he graduated from the
OTIS WILL LOCK
HORNS WITH GAGE
The General Denounces
Dan Burns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 3.— lt is quite
evident from an interview with Briga
dier General Harrison Gray Otis to-day
that while he disavows any quarrel
with Governor Gage, and while he as
serts he is seeking none and expresses
surprise that there should even be a
hint that there is any feeling of un
pleasantness between them, he will not
run away from a fight that may fol
low his intended crusade against Dan
Burns. Otis opposed some of the meth
ods adopted by Nominee Gage, and it
is said by those who are fully aware
of the facts that if Governor Gage has
any Intention of carrying these earlier
matters through his tenure of office the
('tis pen will speedily disclose the at
titude to be expected.
As Otis does not disguise the fact that
he will oppose Burns at all stages Of
the Mexican's political ambitions, it is
apparent upon the first day of the Gen
eral's arrival that the only terms of
peace between Otis and Gage must be
the elimination of Dan Burns as a fac
tor in the situation. Owing to the
friendship of Governor Gage for Burns
the presumption Is warranted that this
concession will not be probable, and
that Otis will soon be "in the game."
General Otis is not prepared to make
peace overtures to Governor Henry T.
Gage; neither does he expect any large
sized olive branches bearing the com
pliments of the California executive will
be left at his door. '■'..'•.'• ;.•';.
"If Daniel M. Burns has been ap
pointed United States Senator," said
Otis, "I must deplore that fact as an
humble citizen of the State of Califor
nia, and I certainly hope that Colonel
Burns will not two years hence be
elected to that position."
"Do you approve of the course of the
Times in supporting U. S. Grant?" was
asked. • i
"I say 'yes* to that question, most
emphatically. While there are other
men in the State more qualified for the
position none are more worthy. At the
particular time there was no other al
ternative than for every good citizen
to Ret in behind U. S. Grant.
"The statement made while I was in
the Philippines that I had cabled an
agreement to support Grant in return
for his relinquishing the seat to me at
a stated period was never suggested
in any form." continued Otis, "as I was
not then and am not now a candidate."
The statements reported to have been
made by Governor Gage wherein the
Governor threw down a deft to General
Otis have angered the general, who In
tends to write to Gage in a few days,
asking him if he was correctly quoted. •
FOR ILLEGAL FISHING.
SUISUN. May 3.— Deputy Fish Commis
sioner John H. Davis was in Sulsun to
day and swore out a warrant for the ar
rest of John Titles, one of the men who
was in the boat recently captured by Mr.
Davis in Montezuma Slough. The defend
ant is charged with illegal fishing, and
will have his preliminary hearing before
Justice of the Peace Hitchcock next Sat
urday. District Attorney Devlin will con
duct the prosecution, assisted by W. if.
Cook of San Francisco, attorney for the
Fish Commissioners. Tilles is at. pres
ent confined in the County Jail here, be
ing held on suspicion of having been Im
plicated In the supposed assault on Wil
liam Henry, the young fisherman who
v. as brought to Benicia a few days ago
by Tilles and others in a terribly Injured
condition. *' ■*.*■ - .
HIS TESTIMONY BARRED.
WILLOWS, May The flrst witness
called this morning ln the Murdock note
case was James Hoffman, a Pinkerton de-
tectlve of Chicago. He was not allowed
to testify, the court ruling that the de
fense could not impeach its own witness.
Detective Alter of Sacramento testified
as to the opening and closing of the State
Fair In th. years 1887 and IS9O. W. P. Har
rington, cashier- of , the Colusa County
Bank, told of certain transactions of Wil
liam Murdock with the bank of Colusa.
The afternoon was devoted to Witnesses
Powers, Hamerson. Compton and Stone
burger, whose testimony was to the ef
fect that William Murdock was not at
the State Fair in 1890. > ,
Court adjourned at 4 o'clock to allow
some of the jurors to attend. the funeral
of James Stocchlni, a prominent Odd Fel
low.
■♦ ■ —
If your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. Mifrpßy, 630 Market. •
Hahnemann Medical College with high
honors. A year in New York as resident
physician and surgeon of the Hahnemann
Hospital was followed by three and a
half years in Europe. After extended
study under the ablest men ln Heidelberg,
Berlin, Vienna and other cities, he spent
considerable time in Paris and London.
In the summer of 1893 he returned to San
Francisco, where his superior advantages
and constant studies have been rewarded
by almost phenomenal success. Though
but a young man Dr. Bryant is already
well on the path that leads to a place
among America's greatest surgeons.
The doctor holds, among other posi
tions, that of the professorship of pathol
ogy and surgery and registrar in the
Hahnemann Hospital College; he is a
member of the Homeopathic State Board
of Medical Examiners, and president of
the San Francisco County Homeopathic
Society and chairman of the State Medi
cal Society. He is a member of Golden
Gate Commandery. Islam Temple of Mys
tic Shriners, Harmony Chapter, Order
1 i tern Star, and a member and surgeon
of Stanford Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West.
The couple left immediately after a
quiet luncheon in the old Tisdale home
)--4-&-4-®-+-Q-4-Q+-$-4^>-4-4~*-4-+-Q
DRfK.BRyANT
Dr. and Mrs. Edgar
Reeve Bryant.
on Alameda avenue for Coronado. They
will be gone about a fortnight, and upon
their return will reside at the Berkshire.
CLOSING IN ON
FOES OF DREYFUS
General Staff in a Sad
Plight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. May 3.— Slowly but steadily the
net Is closing around the French general
staff in the Dreyfus revision inquiry.
General Marcler, who was Minister of
War at the time Dreyfus was condemned,
on being called upon by M. de Freyclnet,
the present Minister of War, to produce
the* report regarding the secret dossier,
which Lieutenant Colonel Paty dv
Clam testified he had sent to Mercier, re
plied that he had destroyed It, and he
called General Gonz as a witness to the
truth of the statement. Unfortunately for
Mercier, General Gonz had already testi
fied before the Court of Cassation that
although Mercier had destroyed the orig
inal, he kept a copy.
Another anti-Dreyfus argument has re
ceived Its death blow. General Zurlinden,
Military Governor at Paris, and others,
While testifying before the Court of Cas
sation, attached great importance to the
closing sentence of the bordereau, "I am
starting for the maneuvers," as proving
the guilt of Dreyfus and the innocence of
Esterhazy, Inasmuch as the staff proba
tioners were only notified on August 29
that they would not be required to attend
the maneuvers.
It has now been proved that this notifi
cation was actually dated May 17. There
fore Dreyfus could not have written "I
am starting for the maneuvers" in the
following August.
It Is rumored that it was lieutenant
Colonel Paty dv Clam himself who com
municated to the Figaro the depositions
made before the Court of Cassation
Interests the Coast.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— Rural free de
livery service has been ordered estab
llshr-fl by the Postofflce Department In
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHY NOT BE STRONG
AND HEALTHY ?
There's Money in It— Success
and Happiness.
Much depends on a man's health,
strength, vigor and courage. If he is
a puny weakling, tired and weary
from morning till night, he does not
know the joy of living.
DR. MEYERS & CO. restore victim's
. of nervous debility, whether the trou-
ble has been brought on by overwork,
worry, errors or excesses.
• DR. MEYERS
a career as special-
eases and weak-
nessofmen more
tice is now more
. ..the largest and
best equipped
medical institution in America. Their
prices are within the reach of all
CONTRACTED AILMENTS.
DR. MEYERS k CO. cure these ail-
ments, including malignant contagious
blood poison, quickly and permane il-
ly, at any stage. j They do not resort '
to electricity or other dangerous stim- -
ulants, or use mercurial or poisonous
drugs.
FREE BOOK-HOME CURES.
DR. MEYERS k CO. cure and re- .
store a great many men every year
without seeing them. Sufferers- who '
cannot call shou d write for their
book, "Private Counselor for Men,"
symptom blanks, prices and full par-
ticulars of.their wonderful Home-Cure
system. , ' ; f • :
All Correspondence Confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
Take Elevator to Third Floor.
I Daily. Bto 6. v 1"". -:
HOURS Evenings, 7to 8.
';;*.':. Sundays, 9to 11. * .•. „
the following California towns: r . Napa,
one carrier; Petaluma, one carrier, Santa
Barbara, one carrier. __.*_____, , ._,. v
Pensions: Callfornla-Origmal-Harvey
Wlddows. National Military Home Los
Angeles. $6. Additional-^ ,ll am .A Twlt
chell Veterans n Bakesley **iv to *>-....
Increase-James H. Blakcsley, Watson
vllle, $6 to $12. Original widows (reissue)
-Louisa M. Tobey, Oakland • $S. M th
- Oregon— Widows, Indian wars— Martha
Ann Stewart, Hillsboro, *£• . rolten-
Washington-Increase— Martin Colten
baugh, Bay View, $12 to. $16.
KATHERINEA. TINGLEY
DEMANDS RETRACTION
Resents a Criticism. Recently Pub
lished in the Los Angeles
Times.
SAN DIEGO, May 3.— The following tel
egram was sent to-night to the Los An
geles Times:
SAN DIEGO, Cal., May 3, 1599.
Los Angeles Times. Lot Angeles, Cal.: I de
mand immediate and at****le reparation for the
false and libelous publication In your Issue of
May 3 against myself and my Cuban work,
falling which I shall take prompt and vigor
ous legal reare^^ ERiNE a . TINGLEY .
*
Acquires a Pipe Organ.
SANTA ROSA, May 3.— The ladies of
the First Presbyterian Church to-day de
cided to proceed at once with the erec
tion of the new pipe organ in the church
edifice.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS. !
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR. .
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- |
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS ;
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and '
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses ;
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance: superb climate; :
, beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
i small game plentiful; magnificent drives;
i baths In variety: lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $S; via Callstoga, $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or i
P. P. R. R. to Callstoga. For Illustrated pam- ,
phlet or further information address J. CRAIO. .
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL, or se^ '
L. D. CRAIG. 116 Montsomery st. '
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at (
,' Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth (
i and Webster sts., Oakland. t
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post Bt., San Francisco. .
; | .
-*O-*-O-0-o-*o*»-0-e-o -•- 0>0*»-0 -e-o-o-o-e-O**-
o o
° Take advantage ?
o o
4 O? the Round-Trip *
O Tickets to O
♦ ♦
•■ Hotel del Coronado. I
♦ ♦ '
° Now only $60 by steamer, in" °| ,
o eluding 15 days' board at hotel *
oif longer,. $2.50 a day. * o '
♦ Apply 4 New Montgomery st., * ,
♦ San Francisco. ♦ i
o .:■•-■: ■-:_■• ° j i
-♦•o-»-o-»-o-«-o*»-o-*-o*»*o*«*o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-e- j I
VICHY SPRINGST ||
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MEN DO- j ;
clno County. Natural electric waters, .
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of | *
natural warm water direct from springs to ( i
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting. j |
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and table j ,
flrst-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props. |
HOTEL CAPITOLA, By the Sea, '
CAPITOLA. Cal. CHANGE OF MANAGE- 1
MENT— MR. FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel, San Francisco. Cal., and : '
the Hotel Metropole, Catallna Island, will as-
sume the management of Hotel Capltola this
season. The hotel will be conducted strictly *
first-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect. Prices reasonable. For terms and Infor-
mation address FRANK M. SMITH. Hotel •
Capltola. Capltola. Cal. ■' -
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW, j
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS j \
VALLEY; now open for guests. *» For terms j ,
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH, | ]
Ross Valley, Marin Coun'y, Cal. -
, — I
HOTEL BELVEDERE J
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom- ' 1
modatlons ln Hotel: also ln new cottages. • Just <■
completed. ;
MRS. Ft. T. MOORE, t
BELVEDERE. "
n p r e - TOCALOMA. M Sg. ,p - 1
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
I dations: reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful '■ I
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER- ; «
TRAND or Winchester Hotel Dining-room, j <
flrst floor, 58 Third St., San Francisco. ' j «
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO. j <
Favorite resort of the State; the water ls un-
excelled for medicinal purposes: table unsur-
passed: flne fishing and hunting; stage daily
from Callstoga direct to springs; round trip at l
Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA- )
THER, Adam Spring. •_ ■ j
KENILWORTH INN, -
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summet
home Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-flve minutes from San : <
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS. "
M MERRY. Proprietor. _^^ t
*
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET, I
homelike manner, vlth one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah: thence by
stage. Address J. WILrON. Bertha, Lake <
County, Cal. I
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and *
magnesia springs; baths: furnished cottages. ,
Terms, $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send ,
for circular. O. HOWELL, Hopland, Cal. ]
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO. ONE 1
hour from San Francisco. Ten dally trains ! 1
each way. Open to guests during June and i 3
July. * Address IRA G. HOITT. ' ,
DASHED TO DEATH
IN A SHIP'S HOLD
Candle Held by a Laborer Burros
the I^ope Supporting His
Platform.
a VALLEJO, May 3.— A peculiar accident occurred to-day at Mare $
2X Island, of which William Muriey, a laborer, was the victim. Muriey was £
O at work scaling the inside of the hull of the collier Scindia »nd was sit- R
§ ting on a platform suspended by ropes. The interior of the ship being g
M in darkness it was necessary to use a candle. As he chipped the rust i*s
ft from the ship's side with a hammer' in one hand he did not notice that 9
£ the flame of the candle which he held in the other was directly under one gj
S of the ropes which held his platform. •*
8 The rope caught fire, burned until it could no longer support the *-;
g ' weight and parted, letting Muriey drop into the deep hold. He struck on *.
c. his head and his skull was fractured, causing death almost immediately. 4 .
0 Muriey kept a small grocery store on Lemon street, his wife attending <->
•* to it during his absence at the navy yard. He was a native of Ireland r*
R and leaves a widow and five children. . • R
1 ■ i
] Sufferers from rheu- ;!
\ matism, malaria, liver, \
/ kidney or bladder dis- <
', eases are cured by !|
![ bathing in the medici- I;
]i nal waters of ;
I Paso Robles \
I Hot Springs \
\ Hot Mud and Sulphur ji
j baths; Iron and Soda i]
ji Springs — open all the ji
\ year. Resident Phy- ij
S sician's advice free. |>
J Otto E. Never, Prop., San Francisco ,'
\ Pat Robles, Cal. Office, 636 Market. ( l
One fare, one ticket,
direct to the door of
Aetna Springs.
Two trains dally— 7:3o a, m.. 4 p. m. Round
Trip. $7, includes private carriage to Springs.
W. _. Mitchell, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal.
SKAGGS'HDTSPRINGS
Sonoma County; only 4*4 hours from San
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
ln State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, ' telephone, telegraph, dally*
mall and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$." 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:39
p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a. week. Ref-
erences, any guest of .the. past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un- ,
precedented. J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
Th? Plscs fori"! T*> r\ TJ A __»!"_ Id the FOOT
RESTand* '-- H AKIJ «*_,_"
HEALTH SPRINGS ---"•*«
*""■ "*** * the C. P.R.R.
Plain, Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Tear
Around ' Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,'
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chisago Park, Cal.
OPENS MAY Ist,
ROWARDENNAN,
Santa Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River.
2 1 . hours from S. F. ; 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and- river lit by electricity; ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf
links; elegant hall and dining room; club, bil-
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished
and elegantly furnished; • telephone. OPENS
MAT 1; round trip, $3. Address W. E. VEA-
ZIE. Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
LAKE COUNTY.
NEW. 19-PASS-TNGER -OSEMITE STAGES,
all outside seats, direct to the most pictur-
esque portion Of California. Best equipped stage
line in the State. Leaves Callstoga dally (Sun-
days excepted) at 11:30 a. m., direct to Harbin.
Selgler, Adams, Howard Anderson, Astorgs
and Glenbrook: half an hour for Hindi at Calls-
toga; also to Mlddletown. Lower I ke, Kelsey-
vllle and Lakeport. W -. SPIERS, Prop.
THE HOYA RETREAT §!£*&&. mUM
Mineral water; flne hunting; finest climate
in California; magnificent location; plenty of \
eggs, milk and fruit; summer boarders ac- '
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all th*
delicacies of the season. For terms, address I
MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. P. O. box 87, j
Gllroy.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
Beautiful secnery and drives; unexcelled
hunting; best trout fishing In California; excel- I
lent table, $7 60 per week; fine rigs for accom-
modation of guests; dally malls. Get full par-
ticulars from A. H. YORDI. 809 Call build-
ing, San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. G. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cah
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
. (Beswick. Siskiyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietory*. -
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
In the. midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms, $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakville, Napa County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Springs, Aqua Calient e, Sonoma Co., Cal.
THE TAVERN OF
CASTLE CRAG,
I Shasta County, Cal.,
j WILL OPEN FOR THE SEASON
; JUNE 13 - - - - 1899,
| RATES FOR ROOMS AND BOARD:
i :PER DAY 9 2..10 to 9 4.00
1 PER WEEK..... 914.00 to *"--.**.*;
| PER MONTH 950.00 to f90.00
! GEORGE SCHONEWALD, Manager.
\ '. ROOM 39, Union Trust Building, 8. F.
MRHIAA HOT SPRINGS. — This
&Jf|£_£fl|V§| beautiful summer and
I H nnlUU winter resort. now
■ ■ ■ '»■' *w V owned and managed by
I DR. J. PERRAULT, who as resident physl-
i cian. will devote his entire time to the welfare
i of his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
i 150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast
. Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge .and tank baths; delightful grounds;
| comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third ami Townsend st. depot, 3 a. m.
(Pullman to Solednd, thence seven miles by
Btage to Paralso.) Round trip, $* For further
Information address J. PERRAULT, M.D.. Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office, SSI Sutter st., S. i*.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. • ;
The. Best In the \A/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year-
round. Sulphur, Iron, Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
sis, Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms, $10 to $18 per week. Dally stage from
Callstoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place ls located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN .SPAULDING, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream ami
milk: free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand Ted wood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars. .
r mi CD ATl— Most beautiful spot in Lake
VAnLODAIP County. The mineral spring are
famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN, Carls-
bad, Lake County.
HOTEL- BENVENUE
And cottages. Lakeport. Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion. 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine" bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play,
ground; ' good table: no Chinese "help. F. A
A. M. SCALES, Proprietors.
, '■■ ' * . . ~
SUMMER HOME FARM, i
S.%NTA, CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort: cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
Ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood, Cal.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Sura
cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
1 and constipation; hot mineral baths, i These
■ springs are located ln Napa County, 20 mllea
east of St. Helena. The water is bottled at
the springs and contains Its own natural gas.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
i '
GLENVL/OOD HOTEL.
AMONG THE REDWOODS. SANTA CRUZ!
Mt'ns; 5 minutes' walk from d^pot; milk,
I poultry, fruit, Iron springs: eas throughout;
telephone and telegraph. Round trip, $2 50; $- to
$10 per week. Free carriage to and from trains.
Write WILLIAM MARTIN, Glenwood. Cal.
— — ————————— — ■ — — I—i
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
in Lake Co. ; gas . indoors and out.
__ H. WAMBOLD.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; freslt
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFOKD, Cloverdale. Cal.
Free carriage.
PARK HOUSE and cottages at Ben Lomond,
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed
. climate, presents the best to be had as a
summer resort: best drives In the State;
special rates to families: charges very mod-
erate. T. H. PETERSON. Ben Lomond. Cal.
THE WEEKLY CALLT
I $1 per Year.ALL THE BOW-WOWS OF
HIGH DEGREE WERE THERE
The Dog Show Opens and
Gives Promise of Being
a Great Success in Every
Respect.
Sidelights ar) d
Incidents of
the Bench.
THE third annual dog show of the
San Francisco Kennel Club is now in
full blast at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Considering that yesterday was the
first day of the exhibition the crowd pres
ent to see the big and little bowwows
was large, compos.- principally of the.
class of people who take an interest ln
the welfare of "man's best friend."
The benching of dogs is an rove
ment on shows of the past, as it is lower
than formerly and gives spectators a bet
ter opportunity of seeing the dogs In their
highly polished coats of rough and
•smooth hair.
Th- numbering on the respective ken
nels is decidedly poor, but this defect will
doubtless be attended to to-day so that
the readers of catalogues hy a reference
to the book can learn the owners -of the
dogs benched.
The fox terriers are a first-class lot. es
pecially those that belong to the kennels
of J. R Martin and D. Shannon of this
city and Rev. J. \V. Finton of Victoria.
B. C. The deerhounds are not an improve
ment on the past. The foxhounds are of
about the same quality exhibited at the
la_-t show. The Irish water spaniels are
of hieh class, hut they ar* f*w in num
ber. The Irish terriers show a slight im
provement on the past. The greyhounds
are very few compared to the display of
lor.gtails that have been exhihited in past
years. Those on the bench are. however.
of high standard. Dogs like Systematic.
Victor King and Rock Island Boy are
prod enough to mingle in the hest of com
pany.
The reason assigned for the poor splay
of greyhounds this year is the favoritism
displayed hy Judge Bell who. for some
reason hest known to himself, awarded
winning colors at the last show held in
this city to dogs owned . v a certain in
dividual who. in the language of a popu
lar leashman. were said to have "strings
on the judge."
The mastiffs are not a very good lot,
although a slight improvement ln the
stock is noticeable.
The Newfoundlands are not up to the
standard of excellence expected.
The Great Danes are not of high class.
although there are a few good ones
ami r.e the gathering.
The St. Bernards are worth going a dis
tance to see. Th* class of does on exhi
bition is excellent and reflects much
creu.t on the St. Bernard Club of this
city.
Th* setters and pointers are also of a
high class and present a very fin* ap
pearance. Among the dogs that are i
prized hy the sportsman are several well- j
known bench show winn*rs.
Although there is a good display of
collies, it cannot b* said that there is a
noticeable improvement in the stock.
The hull terriers are very well repre- .
sented ar.d arrfong the fighters there are
several good ones. The Boston terriers
•;o not show a marked improvement on !
th* past.
The cocker spaniels show up very well
on this occasion: they can compare fa
■ ■-■-■.;.* with those exhibited at Eastern !
'"nampion Havoc and Champion ;
Viscount ar* of very hieh class and will !
ibtless catch th* eye of Judge Laoey.
Among the cookers is the little bitch I
Florita. the property of •-■ A. Sweeney of
s nta Cruz, that is very much mired
by the fancy. Florita. although housed
by herself and away from th* big ken
nels of cockers, will doubtless be heard
from when she makes her appearance
in the ring. Mrs. W. a. Deane has "a
cinch" on the Itaiian greyhound exhibits,
as she is th* only lady represented with
this breed of dogs at "the show. The la
dies' p*ts ar* num*rous and command al
most the exclusive attention of the fair
ones.
The manaKement of the show, consid
ering that yesterday was the Inaugu
ral day. was very eood and doubtless
th* San Francisco" TOnn^l Clnb will re
ceive the thanks of the exhibitors when
the exhibition will have ended.
DOG TALK ON THE SIDE.
Mamma's Petsie Wetsie and the Man
Who Should Have Been Judge.
Tho bow-wows have not pot it all their
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft HURRAH
FOR THE
jl GAMBRINUS
Jit BOCK
H^lS^^vi OF PORTLAND,
/_£^-^^'"**3_jfc OREGON.
**rl~ lif. h t ."*•'_?'
__4_\*#m'
PORTLAND, VJSSBB
pjsd_**&W
OREGON. 3SrJ_J
__/»__v /*&*
&& A_Y
1 have no rival on this side of
the Atlantic
In Bivaria, in the ancient beer
city of Munich, they may have
s< mething like it.
We call the attention of all beer
drinkers, especially those who
have tasted Spaten or Zache.l
Bx-k, to the "GAMBRINUS."
We are sure they will feel --a is-
fied that GAMBRINUS BOCK can-
not be beat.
The GAMBRINUS BOCK is on
tap for only a tew days in all the
ti st-class beer houses of the city.
Look for the GAMBRINUS sign.
Our only agent tor the State of
California is the GAMBRINUS
BOTTLING CO., Gustav Liebold.
President, No. 316-318 Tenth
Street, near Folsom, San Francisco,
where all orders for draught and
bottle beer will receive prompt
atenti. n.
GAMBRINUS BREWING CO.,
Portland, Oregon.
own way at the dog show. There are the
flowers, the bright-hued ribbon bows, the
decorated "cages." the satin-lined bas
kets, the young maids, the old maids, the
imported judge and Llnvllle— the Billy
Jordan of the kennel clubs.
Linvllle outside the dog arena is a plain,
every-day Kearny-sti special. At the
show he comes before the canines. His
padded shoulders square and massive as
the case of a baby grand piano, his high
cap (specially manufactured for the occa
sion.. his summer girl shirt and his ruby j
ring make him the observed of all observ- j
ers.
"Say. mister." queried a delicate patri
cian youngster yesterday, "aren't you the j
Judge of all the show?" Condescendingly
the ulcer looked down from his great
height, patronizingly smiled at the admir
ing circle of femininity clustered around
him and thus made answer:
"No, sonny; I ain't. But if the manage
ment of this here show had known their
j business— l have been the chief attraction
of dog- shows for the past thirty years.
There, there, clear the way: that lady
| over there wants to consult me about her
poodle."
The dog show has divided the sexes.
Apparently there has been no educa
tion in dogology. Woman at the show
, naturally drifts toward the diminutive
animals, the "freak end", while man
sticks to the real, life-size dog.
The "freaks" are in cages lined with
. tufted satin, decorated with choice blos
soms and wearing brilliant-hued ribbon
I harness. Round the "freak end" the air
i is thick with the love language specially
coined for doting womankind for the wee
] things she pets and loves. Every doggie
BULL TERRIER VENOM H, PROPERTY OF A.
HIRSCH.
has its "mamma" who loves it and will
take care of it and see that her little
petsie-wetsie gets the prixey-wlzey she ■
deserves.
The "dearest thing" at the show Is the j
dog that calls Miss Mason "mamma."
The proud "parent" of doggie stands be- j
side her cage and gives pointers to the
admiring women who admire the sleek ■
little brown body and the bright, intelli
gent eves. Every compliment paid to
doggie is fondly cherished by her mis- !
tress who tempers all outside praise with \
a "bless her heart.'
There was not much "fashion" yester
day at j the show. Society has tared j
against "openings" from a strictly fash
ionable standpoint, and the closing night
now claims exclusively the attention of
the swells. - , , '
Those who did attend the show yester
day forgot all about class distinction, took ;
off their gloves, patted all the animals,
carefully examined their catalogues, dis- I
cussed dog biscuits and now and then
rubbed noses with a "sweet thing" behind \
flower-decked frail bars. _••■•. •-;->•->
Lacev, the noted judge, especially im- I
ported for the show, came In for consld
erable attention. The crowd stood around
the pit and watched with an awed interest :
the easy grace of the doctor of dogology j
as he slid around the bow-wows, turned
back their ears or gazed into their capa
cious mouths. '*,''.."'",''.
"He's so modest and unassuming, said
a girl in a pink shirtwaist.
"That's because he- knows everything
about dogs," said her companion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
| THE PRIZE WINNERS.
I Dogs That Captured Ribbons
Yesterday in Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Following are the dogs that were
awarded ribbons by the judges yester
. day :
Mastiffs, puppy doers— Third prize. Bu<-no
Montez. W. H. Pick, San Francisco: second
prize. Jumbo. Edward L. Christen, San Fran
cisco: V. H. C Apollo. W. W. Moore. Fkiah.
Cal. Puppy bitches— Lola Montez. Mrs. J. P.
Norman, San Francisco, first prize; second
prize. Psyche, W. W. Moore, Ukiah. Cal.
Novice dofrs — Second prize. Wildwood Lad,
<*artain '.*. H. Williams. Maytleid. Cal.: v.
i H. C, Jumbo. Edward I. Christen, San Fran
cisco; flrst prise, Tiger, Milton L. Shtrek,
San Francisco: third prize. Palo Alto, Tbeolo
I-endewiß. San Francisco. Novice bitches
: First prize. Rosa Belle. Theolo Lendewlg. San
Francisco. Limit do_rs— first prize. Wildwood
Lad. Captain C. H. Williams, Mayfieli CaL;
second prise. Jumbo. Edward L. Christen. San
; Francisco. Limit bitches— first rise, Esther,
Albert Sutton. San Francisco; -• nd prize,
: Queen. Theolo Uendewit:. San Francisco
Open, drgs— V. 11. ''. Wildwood Lad. Captain
C. H. Williams. Mayfield, Cal.: reserve prise.
I^eon, Charles J. Staude. San Francisco; first
prize. California Cube, W. E. Meek wards,
Fai.: commended, Jumbo, Edward L. Christen,
San Francisco; second prize, Tim. W. W.
Moore. Ukiah. Cal.: third prize. Major, J. P.
Norman. San Francisco. Open, bitches — Sec
ond prize, Baby Ruth, Mrs. J. Staude, San
Francisco: first prize. Esther. Albert Sutton,
San Francisco. 8 A. winners. dogs— First prize,
California Cube, ■v E. Meek, Haywards. Cal. ;
reserve prize, Tim. W. W. Moore, Ukiah. CaL
Mastiffs, 8 B . winners, hitches— First. Esther.
I Albert Sutton. San Francisco; serve, Baby
i Ruth, Mrs. J. Staude, San Francisco.
Orent Pane*, puppy dogs V. H. C . El Rey
I Enterprise kennels. San Francisco; third, Cej-
ric. Poser Great ran* kennels. Pan Francisco;
reserve. Blanco, Miss C Fricke. San Francisco;
flrst. Beau '.rummel, Arthur S. Blake. Oak
land: second. Tiger, G. A. Nelson. San Fran
cisco. Puppy bitches— Third. Host, Dr. If. K.
Spiess-, San Francisco; first. Queen, Fell*.
Simon. Ban Francisco; second. Lady. Fawn.
Arthur S . Blake. Oakland; V. H. C, Donna
Juanita, William J Peay Strachan, St. George
kennels, San Francisco. Novice dogs— Third.
Zouroff. Posen Great Dane kennels. San Fran
cisco; H. C, Bruno, Robert Werner, San Fran
cisco: first. Beau Brummel. Arthur S. B_«<ke.
Oakland: second, King R. Enterprise kennels,
San Francisco. Novice, bitches— Second. ''lea.
Posen Great Dane." kennels. San Franclh'co;
third. Lady Fawn. Arthur S. Blake. Oakland;
reserve, Cinderella. Enterprise kennels. San
Francis.'c; first, Thelma. Enterprise kennels.
Limit, dogs — Commended. Juan. John Love
Cunningham. Pan Francisco; second. Marco. W.
D. Brown. Sacramento; flrst. withheld:, third.
withheld. Limit, hitches— Third, Queen Olga,
Mrs B. Bryon, San Francisco; second. Princess
Pagmtr, John Love Cunningham.
Great Danes, limit, bitches— First, Queen E.
Pnsen Great Dane kennels, . San . Francisco.
Open, dogs— First. Ivan 11, John Love Cunning
ham, San Franc'- second. Blinker Murphy,
Dr. F. C Oatllson, Coaltervtlle. Open, bitches-
First. Cunningham's Champion .luanlta. John
Love Cunningham. San Francisco; second. Or
chard. Pcsen Great Dane kennels. San Fran
cisco. 16' A. winners, dogs First. Beau Brum
mel, Arthur S. Blake. Oakland: Reserve, Ivan
11, Jchn Love Cunningham. Pan Francisco. , IS
B. winners, bitches— Reserve, Thelma. Enter
prise kennels. San Francisco; first. Queen R,
Posen Great Pan» Kennels. San Francisco.
St. Bernards (rough coated), puppy dogs-
Second. Prince Clarence, J. H. Rohr and E. B.
Loulsson, Pan Francisco; first. Duke of Milo.
Ladies' Pets
Vie With
Freaks of
Fanciers.
Humboldt kennels. .San Francisco: third. King
Lion, Mrs. A B. Fately. Oakland. Puppy bitch
es—Commend. Countess Noble H.Mlsa F. Hatje.
Alameda: second. Princess Alta, Humboldt
kennels. San Franciaco; highly commended,
Reka, W. E. Tebbe. San Francisco; comm
ended. Carmen Sylva, Mrs. William Strachan.
St. George kennels, San Francisco: reserve,
Zn!<>ka. George A Mudgett. San Francisco;
first, Nora. George A. Mudgett, San Francisco;
third, Zetta. Dr. de Puv, Frultvale. «'al.
St. Bernards (rough-coated), novice, dog*—
Very highly commended. Canadian Pilgrim.
Philip C. Meyer. San Francisco; highly com
mended. Pasha. Mrs V. C. Driffield, San Fran
cisco; V H. C, Rey de Alamo, Edward A.
Kei;. San Francisco; V. H. C, Malietoa I. Miss
Dreka H. Cool. San Francisco; V. H. C,
Barry, John Sutter, St. Helena; reserve, Grand
Master Jr.. William J. F'eay Strachan. St.
George kennels, San Francisco: highl} com
mended. Grand Master Muro, William R. Jost,
San Francisco; H. C, Brutus Alton, Miss E.
Elizabeth Edwards. San Francis. >; V. II C,
Goldon Lion, Charles Newman, San Francisco;
first. Grand Master 11, W. J. Spotteswood, San
Frar.ci.,-... third. Bryan, A. Young, Tulare:
commended. Rainier, Dr. A J. Roustan, San
Francisco; econd Omar Khayyam. Miss Tlilie
Lorraine. Los Angeles. Novice, bitches — Sec
ond. Mora. W. A. Coulter. Sauaalito; V. H. C,
Bessie O, Theodore Rethers, San Francisco;
commended. Lady of Glazenwood, Humboldt
kennels, San Francisco; V. H. C, Lady Betty,
11. C. Kirkpatrlck. San Francisco; third. Lady
Delight. A. Gonzales. San Francis.,-, first,
Melba. Percy Edward Taber. Oakland; H. C,
Kate. J. H. Hanson, San Francisco; reserve.
Laura Alton. E. Pferdner, Presidio kennels.
San Francisco: V. H. C. Lady Theodora, W.
H. Buehler. Hotel Vendome. Oakland. Limit
dogs— Second. Canadian Pilgrim, Philip C.
Me-..-. San Francisco; V. H. C, Regley Jr.,
Dr. W. R. Cluness Jr.. San Francisco; third.
Pasha, Mrs. V. C. Driffield. San Francisco; re
serve. Prince Oranze. Mrs. E. B. Thompson,
livington; V. H. C, Lord Lomond, C. M. Whit
more, Butte. Mont.
St. Bernards (rough-coated), limit, dogs— H.
C.. Caesar. Mrs. H. W. Meek, San Lorenzo,
Cal.; first. California Eborucum. 11. White.
Oakland. Limit, bitches— V. H. C, Heckla of
Hauensteln. John Sutter, St Helena. Cal.:
third, Ramona N. H. A. Wegener, San Fran
cisco: second, Melba. Percy Edward Taber,
Oakland': first. Princess Rachel. George A.
Mudgett, San Francisco: reserve. Queen of the
Joaquin, A. E. Muenter. Lathrop, Cal. Open
_K S_ \*. H. C. Canadian Pilgrim. Philip C.
Meyer, San Francisco; H. C, Regley Jr., Dr.
W." H Cluness Jr.. San Francisco; H. C.
Prince Orange. Mrs. E. B. Thompson, Irving
ton. <'al.. V. H. C. King Crockett. Mrs. E.
B. Thompson. Irvlngton. Cal.: V H. C. Lord
Lomond. G. W. Whitmore. Butte. Mont.; re
serve. Diablo 11. F. L. Kredo. Presidio ken
nels. ' San Francisco; third. Shasta. Mrs. E.
Pferdner. Presidio kennels. San Francisco: V
H. <-, Golden Lion. Charles Newman San
Francisco; first, Grand Master 11. W. J Spot
teswood. San Francisco; C, Caesar. Mrs. W.
H Meek. San Lorenzo, Cal V H. C, Cali
fornia Eborucum. H. White. Oakland; second.
Omar Khayyam, Miss Tillie Lorraine. Los
Angeles. Open, bitches— only. Champion
Mountain Queen. Mrs. E. F. Beck. San Fran
cisco- second, Melrose Sylvia. Fred H. Bush
nell "San Francisco; first. Princess Rachel,
George A. Miidgett. San Francisco. Winners,
bitches 124 Ig— Reserve. Melba, Percy Edward
Taber 'oakl/nd: first. Princess Rachel. George
A Mudgett. San Francisco Winners, dogs,
class 24 A— First, Grand Master 11. W. J Spot
teswood. San Francisco: reserve. Omar Khay
yam, Miss Tillie Lorraine. Los Angeles.
«t' Bernards "-month-coated), puppies, dogs
and' bitches- V. H. C, Maybella. Fritz Heln
eoke San Francisco: first, Rhyn. Leon S.
Greenebaum. San Francisco: third, Blanca,
Mr_ .- Melnke, San Francisco: second. Grin
go i, J- Salazar. Ban Francisco: reserve.
Norma George A. Mudgett. San Francisco.
Novice' dogs and bitches— Second. Rhyn. Leon
g Gr»»*ieh«.nm. San F"V -"serve. Mel
rose 111 Fred L. Morrill. San Francisco; C,
Canrobert J. Dilhan. San Francisco; first.
General B. Charles T. Batelle. Seattle. Wash :
C Salvator, George P. Gardella. San Fran
cisco: third. Gringo. A. J. Salazar. San Fran
cisco: V. H. <*.. Lady I'na. John R. Kelly,
Pan Francisco. Limit dogs and hitches— Third,
Rhyn. Leon P. Greenebaum. San Francisco;
reserve. Alta Judith. Humboldt kennels. San
Francisco; second. General B. Charles T.
Batelle. Seattle. Wash.; Harold of Navarre,
Miss Mabel duff. San Francisco: v. H. c .
Blanca of Hauensteln. F. Frey. San Rafael,
Cal. Open, dogs and hitches— Third. Rhyn,
Leon S. Greenebaum. San Francisco; second.
General B. Charles T. Batelle. Seattle. Wash.*,
first. Champion Le Prince Jr.. Fred H. Bush
nell Pan Francisco; reserve. Leo of Hauen
stein. F. Frey, Pan Rafael. Cal. 2*; A. win
ners, dogs and bitches— Reserve. General B.
Charles T. Batelle. Seattle Wash.; first. Le
Prince Jr.. Fred H. Bushnell. San Francisco.
In the Divorce Court.
Joseph C. O'Neii has been granted a
divorce from Lizzie O'Neii on the ground
of extreme' cruelty. The defendant was
granted the custody of her minor chil
dren. Emma Newsome has sued William
H. Newsome for divorce, alleging deser
tion as a cause of action.
DETERMINED
TO SUPPRESS
GAMBLING
Police Commissioners
, Take Action.
— ♦ —
WILL NOT RENEW LICENSES
— ♦ —
THE METROPOLE SALOON IS OR
DERED CLOSED.
♦
Similar Action to Be Taken Against
the Cafe Royal and Other
t Notorious Card
Joints.
The Police Commissioners last night
aimed an effective blow at the gambling
joints south of Market street by refusing
to renew the license of the Metropole sa
loon.
The condemned saloon is at 773 Market
street, and unless the proprietor obtains
the signatures of twelve property-owner-*
in the Immediate vicinity the action of
the Commissioners will be final.
Immediately on being notified of the
action of the police board the proprietor
extinguished the lights in the saloon and
closed the place.
The Metropole is one of the notorious
joints which were raided by the police.
Percentage poker games were carried on
in open violation of the law. and even
continued after Captain Spillane and his
men had raided the place. Determined
to suppress the games. Captain Spillane
found it necessary to station one of his
officers in the saloon, with instructions
not to allow a card to be turned. The
proprietor, a man named Hansen, evi
dently realizing that the police meant
business, sold out his interest in the sa
loon. The license expired last Tuesday,
and when the new proprietor appeared
before the Police Commissioners last
evening for a renewal of the license his
request was promptly denied. Similar ac
tion will be taken when the proprietors
of the Cafe Royal. "Our House" and
other gambling joints ask for a renewal
of their licenses.
"Gambling must stop." remarked Judge
Tobin, the president of the board, after
the meeting. "Our refusal to grant a re
newal of the license issued to the Metro
pole will be followed by similar refusals.
By this means we hope to effectually stop
unlawful gambling in this city."
The Commissioners also adopted the
following resolution, a copy of which will
be transmitted to the Board of Supervis
ors to-day:
Whereas, saloons are at present in too close
proximity to the Presidio reservation and thus
detrimental to the best interest and discipline
of the soldiers stationed at such reseratlon,
causing riots and destruction of property, now,
therefore, be It
Resolved. That the honorable Board of Su
pervisors be and are hereby petitioned to
adopt a resolution prohibiting the issuance of
liquor license? to any saloon situate.) any
where within two blocks of the easterly line _f
said reservation, and be it further
Resolved, That the clerk of this beard be
and is hereby Instructed to forward to said
Board of Supervisors a copy of this resolu
tion.
The resolution Is intended to prevent a
repetition of the outrage which was com
mitted by drunken soldiers several weeks
ago. In their drunken fury they attacked
a saloon contiguous to the Presidio and
after wrecking the place set fire to it, en
dangering the lives an' property of the
people adjoining.
The board appointed Frank Norman,
the popular clerk in the office of the Chief
of Police, to the office of corporal, made
vacant by the retirement of John Heaney.
The appointment of a successor to former
Lieutenant Price, who was disrated at a
recent meeting, was deferred for one
week. .
Little Egypt in More Trouble.
"Little Egypt," who was recently fined
$100 by Judge Mo-ran for giving an inde
cent performance at the Midway Plai
sance on Market street, has enlisted the
services of the police in assisting her in
procuring her trunk, which she claims is
being held by Ed Homan. the proprietor
of the place. Shortly after her conviction
the woman was released on an appeal
bond, which was furnished by Homan.
He fears that she Is about to leave the
city, and to indemnify himself against
any loss he has taken possession of her
trunk. To-day she Intends to get out a
search warrant for the recovery of the
trunk.
The best bicycle and bath enamels: also
floor and house paints, cheap, in Artists'
Material Department at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street. *
PROGRESS OF UNITARIAN
FAITH ON THE COAST
DR. WENDTE'S GREETING IS
RETURNED.
Dr. Wells Speaks of the Standing of
the Church in San Francisco.
Generous Attitude of A. U. A.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. May 3.
The Pacific Unitarian Conference, now
in session at the First Unitarian Church,
has drawn a large attendance from all i
over the State.
To-day's proceedings were opened by :
Rev. N. A. Haskell, who treated of I
Christ as a social rather than a religious
leader. Judge Works of Los Angeles was
then elected chairman, in place of Hon.
Horace Davis, who was unable to be !
present.
The reports of the various committees
were read, and showed that L'nitarianism
is making great progress on this coast. !
Committees were appointed as follows: j
Business— Rev. J. T. Sunderland. Rev. C.
J. K. Jones of Los Angeles. Rev. X. A.
Haskell. Charles A. Murdock, Rev. George !
R. Dodson and Sheldon Kellogg. Resolu
tions—Joseph Shippen. Rev. Stopford
Brooke and Rev. Mr. Geoghegan.
Rev. Stopford W. Brooke, the represen
tative to the conference of the American
Unitarian Association, gave a short ad
dress, in which he Bald that the A. U. A.
was particularly generous to the Pacific
Coast. sending $-••""" out here to help the
church and receiving but $500 in return.
Mr. Brooke declared that at this time
Unitarianism is endangered by the fact j
that there is a rising tide of clericalism
sweeping toward the East, which must be
resisted and the free church upheld.
A letter from Rev. Dr. Wendte was
read stating that his health is much im
proved and the conference passed a reso
lution ordering its congratulations to be
sent to the First Church's pastor.
The condition and needs of the church
on the coast were discussed by Rev. A. J.
Wells of San. Francisco.
This evening "Our Gospel was the sub
ject, and it was handled by Chaplain
Frederic C. Brown. U. S. N.; Rabbi Jacob
Voorsanger and Rev. W. B. Geoghegan.
The conference will be in session till Fri
day.
.. • ■
H. Murphy. 630 Market street, lends money
oi, second mortgages and estate*. ''_-_" ..V.
 ♦ .
After Lottery Men.
Joe Vincent, a clerk with Metzer &
Franklin, lottery men, appeared in Judge
Graham court yesterday on a charge of
aiding and abetting a lottery. He was
arrested by Policemen Tyrrell and Esola
Tuesday after they had bought, a ticket.
The case was continued till Saturday.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
cr without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MINYON'SINHALER.
Relieves Colds, Opens Up All the Air Passages In-
stantly, Cures Catarrh, Sore Throat, Bron-
chitis and All Lung Diseases.
COME AND SEE IT.
COME AND TRY IT.
\ Free Demonstrations This Week and Next at the Following Drug
Stores
No Percentage Drug Co.
DRUCCISTS.
949-951 Market St., next to Hale Bros.
G. Leipnitz & Co.,
Druggists, Deutsche Apotheke,
250-252 Sutter St., cor. Grant Aye., S. F.
Geo. Dahlbender & Co.,
DRUCCISTS,
214 Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
__ ■*■***-_ /*•»
I Ferry Drug Co.,
8 Market St., San Francisco.
The Grant Drug Co.,
38 and 40 Third St., cor. Stevenson.
CURES BY
INHALATION.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the
, nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the
inflamed and diseased parts, which can-
not be reached by medicine taken into
the stomach.
It permeates even* air passage.
And at once destroys the disease germs.
It cures through medicated and vitalized
j air.
It is an invigorating tonic to the vital
■ forces.
A remedy which soothes, heals and in-
vigorates.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases
i of the nasal organs.
It positively cures diseases of the throat
and lungs.
It enables you to cure yourself at home.
It renders unnecessary any cutting, j
burning or cauterizing.
It destroys at once the bacilli of bron- j
• chitis and consumption.
Its use Is followed immediately by a
I sense of relief.
It enables you to save doctors' big fees. I
'
THEY NEGLECTED DUTY.
Weigher Rhodes and Assistant Shar
key Dismissed.
I Customs Collector Jackson received no
i tification yesterday from the Secretary
• of the Treasury that Assistant Customs
Weigher Thomas J. Sharkey had been
' dismissed from the service. The Collector
1 received the announcement of the dismis
! sal of Weigher Rhodes last Saturday. In :
! the matter of the charges against Doug
: lass U. Quint the Secretary was lenient
j and punished Mr. Quint with suspension
: from duty and pay for thirty days, the
i term beginning on March 30. at which j
date he had been placed under suspension
!by Special Agents Smitn and Linck. The ;
I charges against the unfortunate men
j were drunkenness and neglect of duty.
Collector Jackson has promoted F. L. ■
j Wooster. assistant weigher, to the va- !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B_ <) - <) - a - - • 9 9 9 9 9- <> - > -.-»-»- 9-9 8 • • • ?
E Electricity for Weak Men. J
t — J
9 . I.i i There is nothing '.Ike EDECTRICITT to J-
i \ / v. sj ■'' // *\ ' \JL/ v V i put '■'■•"■ vim and vigor into weak men or *■
-. \ ,\*\OlV'' **-'•' ****_ ___ •**-2 v -J_' f V women. Drugs » lv but temporary relief; j
9 -\\^'4Q-^*x»?**a*^^ act merely m * stimulant, but Electricity A
' >_s'_^ , _^_«^\\V^_Wvfe\i«^S^'*-C. S<*er to a;', weak parts of the body in- *■ '
T^<% vLvfl *%\^Mm. iffv _PSH**Sn_l_\.-__. stantar.eously. Imparting nature's fcrce !
__ffi___i \_*__*^_^>?™^ \V^______l thereto and doing the required work sure- A
_*. /^B^^N^_/jg^y^'**»^__-^___**S_Z^*?\ )>_r_Wfi '■ an "* in a permanent manner. If run .
9 K*^W*-3pr_*^i-»V, ~; X *, r >_*.^J-?^ Jfx^JSa down" In health and strength you had jL
I J^S#3K*t' , ~' X ' "*"*•< V«dHfl| better try electricity. Use an Electric 9
9 __*>■ _ v ' : >'^-2'' / —<*€_\_\ Belt, for th! " Is the best method of ap- j
I __ft"M^^***~— — 2* ** _^l_*t*V^************^^'. jffl^ plying It, but be sure you get a good one a
__ WSJSj^H L-O'^V^aS^"*^^^ s'%i_?^ while you are about it: in short, try "Dr. ***
© PtoJß.'^ )3» it* s_<ss?*3 r \ \n\3_i^ Pi«rce s," for It Is guaranteed to be the I
I /lV3T"**<j_/l , \>ilJ**£_^ b< " ,t Electric Belt on earth. Q
__ '•"Vj HV^A^t*^-"--' "^ w^^T^V N^A CT "Booklet No. I." free at offlce .or i
™ N^/>/'4'r '>^^ , *-X---''_/r«\'**v_. "" nt by mall for a2o "tamp, tells all '
I pr^ 1 W**»-**^P'-^*- — """^U*^ V about It. Address: Q
i ■'r»' l^»fc' FIERCE ELECTRIC CO., •
J >£>&•/ *?C. 620 MARKET STREET, I
A \^l\ Oppetlto Palace Hotel. San Franel.co. •
f ' .'...;.■.."., ' * - ......-...._--'-*'-.-"_'■. i
The Owl Drug Co.,
Broadway and 10th St.. Oakland.
1128 Market St., San Francisco.
320 South Spring St., Los Angeles.
I S. A. McDonnell's
PHARMACY,
Drugs, Wholesale and Retail,
106. 108 and 110 Grant Aye.. S. F., Cal.
\ Edwin W. Joy,
Druggist and Analytical Chemist.
Cor. California & Kearny Sis , S. F.,
Successor to L. R. Ellert.
| H. G. Gerdes,
Druggist and Chemist,
Deutsche Apotheke,
Cor. Pine and Kearny Sts., S. F.
The Baldwin Phcy,
119 and 121 Ellis St.. Press Club Building.
Polite attendants will be on duty all day
and evening to answer questions and dem-
onstrate its value. . Everybody Invited to
give this inhaler a free trial. No trouble to
show. You are welcome to a treatment
whether you purchase or not.
All druggists sell them, or maile-! to
any address for SI, with everything
complete-
MUNYON'S
REMEDIES.
Sciatica, lumbago and all rheumatic
pains cured by Munyon's Rheumatism
Cure. Dyspepsia and all stomach troubles
cured by Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure. Nine-
ty per cent of all kidney complaints cured
by Munyon's Kidney Cure. Headaches,
colds and coughs, impure blood, general
debility, nervousness, all quickly cured by
Munyon's Remedies. The remedies cost
mostly 25c a vial, and are sold by ail drug-
gists. There are 57 different cures for 57
different ailments.
Write Prof. Munyon. 1505 Arch street,
Philadelphia, for free medical advice on
any disease.
cancy caused by the dismissal of Rhodes,
and R. P. O'Connor from the eligible list
to succeed Sharkey, G. P. Dimpfel was
taken from the eligible list to succeed
Clerk Hantford.
T. O. Lewis, clerk in the Appraiser's
department, has been condemned by *
medical survey as incapacitated for duty
| and E. A. Holmes. Customs Inspector, has
I been promoted to the vacancy. The pro
j motion of Mr. Holmes has given general
i satisfaction in the Custom-house.
- ■ *> ■
Offered to Compromise.
1,. B. Frazer of Lake County and others
i found guilty of cutting timber, on Gov
l ernment land were allowed by the Fed
j eral court yesterday until Saturday to
j pay 1500 into court to compromise the
j case in lieu of going to the penitentiary
I for one year and paying a fine of $1000
I each.
56
THURSDAY .....MAY 4. 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main 186 S.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5e
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Woman Hater."
Grand Opera House— "El Capitan."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tlvcll— "The Geisha."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening. f
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
insterstate Panorama Co.. -larket street, near Eighth-
Rattle of Manila Bay.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Dog Show.
Sutro Baths- Swiir.ming Races, etc.
El Campo— l he , liar bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
AN INADEQUATE QUARANTINE.
rROM the appearance of a case of smallpox at
the Presidio among the soldiers recently j
brought from Manila by the transport Sher
man, it is evident the quarantine inspection was not
adequate to the needs of the emergency. The disease
has been permitted to find its way into the city in
this one case certainly, and it will be due to good
fortune rather than to good management it further
outbreaks of the malady do not occur.
The record hows that one of the passengers on the
transport died from smallpox about fourteen days
before she arrived at tins port. No other case of the
disease was manifest during the voyage, and after de
taining the ship in quarantine for two days after her
arrival the quarantine officials concluded the danger
was passed and permitted her crew and passengers to
come ashore. This action was based upon the belief
of the quarantine physicians that smallpox germs
do not develop after sixteen day*, and that if any :
such germs should survive that period they would
be destroyed by the fumigation practiced at the sta
tion.
The case at the Presidio effectively disproves such,
assumptions. The disease germ lurked with unabated
force, but without showing itself, during the whole
period of sixteen days, and was not destroyed by
fumigation. It has now begun its virulent work on
shore, and vigilance will be required to prevent it
from spreading further.
It is clear there is needed at the quarantine station
a more drastic process of dealing with such diseases.
It would not be too much to hold a ship at the sta
tion until fully twenty days had passed since a death
by smallpox among her crew. Moreover, the purifi
cation of the ship and of her crew must be attended
to with greater care. One evidence of the inadequacy
of the service has been given. We should not have
another.
THE IMPORTANCE OF FLAX.
OUR recent reference to the experiments made
at Walla Walla penitentiary in the manufac
ture of grain bags from flax tow, raised in
California, has roused considerable interest among
farmers and manufacturers. It is developed that im
proved machinery for conversion of the fiber into
tow awaits an opportunity for trial, and that the
double crop of seed and fiber is possible. We import
largely of Calcutta linseed oil for use on this coast, and
there seems no good reason why we should not pro
duce it all here. The tariff on linseed oil is 20 cents
a gallon, raw or boiled; on flax tow it is $20 a ton,
and on flaxseed 25 cents per bushel of fifty-six
pounds.
The success in using our flax tow with the jute
machinery of Washington penitentiary would indicate
that it is time for our farmers to take advantage of
the protection given by the Dingley bill to the flax
industry. The bottom lands of the Sacramento,
Feather and Yuba rivers no doubt offer as good ad
vantages as can be found anywhere for growing flax,
and the same may be found in the San Joaquin Val
ley. It is a good crop for rotation, and where the
production of seed is sufficient to warrant the use of
the oil mill the use of the oil cake in feeding stock
returns the elements of fertility to the soil. In Tulare
County increasing attention is being paid to dairy
ranching, and there is much land there adapted to
flax. The linseed oil cake would find a ready mar
ket as part of a dairy ration.
During the spring many Farmers' Institutes will
be held all over the State, and those who attend them
should secure some information from experts on the
cultivation and preparation of flax. This crop was
produced by the pioneers in the States of the Upper
Mississippi Valley, where it was retted and the fiber
prepared and woven into a coarse but very durable
tow for garments. As the domestic loom was re
tired from service flax came to be raised for the
seed alone and was found profitable.
We have no statistics of the production per acre of
seed and tow, but they are attainable and should be
studied. The first point for experiment is with the
jute machinery in San Quentin.
Two industries are quite peculiar to California and
are related to our permanent resources. These are
the manufacture of grain bags and that of fruit boxes.
Anything that affects them is of vast and enduring
interest. It is supposed that the annual consumption
of bags is about sixty millions.
If the raw jute import prove an annoying Compe
tition the tariff can be at any time amended to ex
clude it. It is only necessary to demonstrate that this
State can produce the raw material for all the bags
used, and there will be no lack of protection.
As we have intimated, this most primitive use of
flax tow may lead to the discovery of localities where
its more refined uses for linen fabrics can be carried
on. Its extra quality for that purpose having been al
ready demonstrated in Belgium, when a crop is pro
duced experiment will go on here.
This State has spent some public money and offi
cial effort upon the production of silk, and we have
produced it to discover that the industry is not fitted"
to our labor system. The opposite is the case with
flax. Now all that is required is that the Prison
Directors pay some official attention to the matter
and secure the tow required for experiment on the
jute machinery.
THE RUSSIONIZATION OF FINLAND.
THE CALL has already referred to this subject,
to which throughout Europe the deepest inter
est has been attached. The preparations for the
International Peace Conference at The Hague and
the extirpation of Finnish autonomy and of Finnish
liberty proceed side by side. The Czar, who initiated
the conference and who uttered the pithy expression,
"Power must honor right," needs no transformation
of identity to reveal the duality of his nature. He
simultaneously enacts the characters of Dr. Jekyll and
of Mr. Hyde.
Finland is an ancient country, possessed of an ad
vanced civilization and pervaded by deeply religious
sentiment. As early as 1157 she was attached to
Sweden, but was substantially governed by her own
laws. Allusion has been already made in these
columns to the solemn oath taken by Alexander I, in
1809, when she was annexed to Russia, in which he
promised to "confirm and establish the religion and
the fundamental laws of the country and the privi
leges and rights of every class," embracing the Lu
theran clergy, the burgesses and the peasantry, and
"to maintain all these privileges and laws firm and
unbroken in their full force." This oath was renewed
by each of his successors, and by the present Czar at
the deathbed of his father. It was further confirmed
by positive statutes or governmental rules, in which,
by section 40, it was provided that "the ruler may not
create new laws or abolish any old law without the
consent of the Diet," and by section 71 that "unani
mous consent" was required. Section 83 enacted
that the fundamental law or the constitution of Fin
land should "remain unchangeable," except through
the same parliamentary unanimity. On April 3, 1869,
by Alexander II these rules were declared to be ir
revocable.
It is these sacred and repeated guarantees that, by
his imperial manifesto of February 15, 1800, the pres
ent Czar has wantonly repudiated. As far back as
July of last year he had exacted a new and oppressive
army bill from an extra session of the Diet. He has
now placed the Diet itself, which consists of four
chambers, under the control of the Russian Council
of State. He refused to receive the highest officers
of the Finnish local government, sent to plead for the
life of Finnish institutions. One of the most pathetic
memorials ever framed, signed by 527,009 Finns and
taken to St. Petersburg by 500 deputies, representing
all the electoral wards of Finland, he declined to hear
and answered by abruptly directing the deputies to
return to their native country. He turned a deaf
ear to such touching words as these, offered with an
admirable mixture of deference and firmness: "And
the right of a weak people is as holy as that of the
greatest nation — its love of country is before Al
mighty God a grace from which it never should turn."
In order to prove the extremity of his determination
he has destroyed journalistic liberty and inaugurated
a plan of exiling the Finns who even passively re
sist his tyrannical edict. Every article published in
the local press must be sanctioned by an official
censor, and the newspapers received from Finland
are mottled with blank spaces, the proofs of the
exercise of this arbitrary authority. In Helsingfors
lately an editor devised the expedient of printing
literal texts from the Scriptures on the accountability
of rulers, which he sent by a boy for the inspection
of the censor. "Who composed them?" inquired the
censor. "God," answered the awe-stricken messen
ger. "Off, you rascal tell them this is shameful,"
was the close of the brief dialogue. Christian people
all over the globe will observe with indignation the
power of a petty autocrat to suppress the publication
and the possible transmission to his imperial master
of sentences impressed under both the Lutheran and
the Greek creeds with the authority of the King of
kings and Lord of lords:
"If a man * * * swear an oath to bind his soul
with a bond he shall not break his word."
"He that ruleth over men must be just."
"It is an abomination to kings to commit wicked
ness, for the throne is established by righteousness."
The partition of Poland left an ineffaceable stain
upon the three powers that divided its territory. The
wholesale destruction of the constitutional govern
ment of the God-fearing and civilized Finns, habitu
ated for centuries to the exercise of some at least of
the inalienable rights of freemen, and the obliteration
of their nationality, is an equally heart-rending
tragedy. Their patriotism is deeply impressive.
Their developed resources, their industry, their fru
gality, their artistic perceptions, are worthy of uni
versal respect. Their principal city, Helsingfors,
founded in 1550 and in 1819 made their capital, is
architecturally beautiful and filled with educated and
refined inhabitants. Their university, established in
1640 and subsequently removed to Helsingfors, is a
splendid pile of buildings, where both sexes find the
higher education accessible, under a faculty that re
ceives the general recognition of scholastic Europe.
Their history is pervaded by romance, as their lake
studded land, with its old castles and its medieval
relics, preserved in the midst of modern development,
shines under the northern sun like a succession of
gems. Their national epic, the Kalevala, is one of
the valued possessions of literature. To the Finnish
people Alexander 11, who was true to all his pledges,
is a heroic memory, and around the base of his mag
nificent statue they gather in thousands, in the deep
est mourning, and scatter beautiful flowers,- while
they sing their national songs, including "Our Land,"
composed by their great poet, Johan Ludvig Rune
berg, which is considered by many critics to be
among the finest of the melodious tributes to pa
triotism.
The Russianization of Finland is a harrowing spec
tacle that appeals to the heart of Christendom. The
educated classes in Russia witness this rapid destruc
tion of a nation with silent displeasure. Leo Tolstoi
boldly applauds the tenacity with which the Finns
cling to their "rightful interests." In Great Britain
a committee, mainly composed of members of Par
liament, is acting vigorously, large protesting meet
ings have been held, in which Liberals and Conserva
tives have united in their denunciations, and a news
paper called the Finland has been established to aid
in subjecting the Czar to the pressure of that public
opinion which is the voice of the civilized world.
There are between three and four thousand Finns
in California, and many thousands in other parts of
the United States. If we can spare time from the
work of annexing the Philippines and remember how
the eloquence of Webster and other great Americans
aided the emancipation of Greece and self-govern
ment in Ireland, some public manifestation of sym
pathy with the Finnish martyrdom would be a re
freshing interlude in the drama of American im
perialism. The Finns are far closer to our race than
the Tagals and Vizcayans.
If any further argument were needed against the
expediency of permitting Governors to appoint Sen
ators when Legislatures fail to elect it would be found
in the fact that it is now proposed by the executives
of California and Pennsylvania to appoint such men
as Matthew Quay and Dan Burns.
♦ .
It looks as if it would be advisable to put the quar
antine itself into quarantine for a while and see if it
.could not be made to attend to business better.
THE SA.N FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AY 4, 1899.
TRfIDE COMBINATIONS.
CLOSELY following the movement started in
San Jose to form a combination of prune
growers along lines similar to those which have
led the raisin-growers of Fresno to prosperity comes
the undertaking of an enterprise to form an association
of California fruit-packers. for the promotion of that
industry. It will be seen, therefore, that it is not in
the East alone the advantages of such combinations
are appreciated. California has learned the lesson
and has profited by.it.
All recent experience proves that in a considerable
number of industries something is gained in economy
by every enlargement of the unit of control. Three
or four small railways that are unprofitable when
operated separately become a valuable property when
converted into a trunk line and placed under a sin
gle management Small mills and factories that have
ceased to be paying investments are made profitable
when combined in a single corporation and operated
on that basis.
This experience has taught the industrial and com
mercial world the expediency of forming large com
binations wherever possible, and, accordingly, in all
the progressive nations of the earth such combina
tions are now common. It seems to be destined by
the working of an unavoidable law of economic de
velopment that certain industries must be carried on
hereafter upon a large scale. Only by great combi
nations of capital, by the establishment of large
plants, and by purchasing supplies and selling
products at wholesale rates, can such lines of business
be conducted profitably in face of the intense com
petition of our times.
The only question of doubt in the matter is to de
termine what industries can be profitably developed
in that way. Up to this time the teaching of expe
rience seems that most rural industries are most
profitable when conducted on a comparatively small
scale. An orchard of a thousand acres rarely yields
as much in proportion as one of ten acres, nor have
the big ranches of many thousands of acres been as
profitably worked as small farms. On the other hand,
most manufacturing work has been found to be profit
able exactly in proportion to the extent of the plant
and the annual amount of the output.
The line of separation between the two classes of
work, however, cannot be drawn along that which
distinguishes farm work from factory work. There
are some kinds of rural industry, like that of sugar
producing, that can be best carried on when under
taken upon a large scale, and, on the other hand,
there are several kinds of manufacturing work that
are better managed in small shops than in large fac
tories.
The prevailing tendency of the time, however, is
toward the formation of large combinations, and it
would appear that fruit-packing is one of the trades
that can be best managed in that way. It is an in
dustry that is exposed to the illegitimate competition
of adulterated or sophisticated fruit preserves, it has
to contend against the practice of false labeling,
which prevails to such an extent in all parts of the
United States, and, finally,. it is a trade that has to
seek markets in all parts of the world, and therefore
needs large capital or a thorough system of co
operative management for its full development.
Certain it is that California must follow the great
States of the East and the nations of Europe in this
respect, or her industries will be crowded to the wall
despite any protection that a tariff can give. As was
recently stated by Governor Flower of New York,
any. combination which enables an article of staple
use to be placed upon the market at a cheaper rate to
consumers is sure to be profitable if judiciously man
aged. That is the principle on which all great com
binations for industrial enterprises have been made,
and its soundness seems indisputable.
PURE FOOD Lf-IWS IN ILLINOIS.
ILLINOIS is now to be added to the States that
have taken steps to protect consumers against
fraudulent and impure foods. An act has been re
cently adopted which is said to be very stringent in
its nature, and the supporters of the crusade for pure
food are sanguine it will produce results of the high
est benefit to the community. In fact, the Inter Ocean
says if the Legislature had done no more than enact
that one law it would not have assembled in vain.
We have had reasons for suspecting that California
has been the dumping ground of all kinds of adul
terated food, but evidence submitted to the Illinois
Legislature inclines to the* belief that Chicago has
fared worse than San Francisco, and that the peo
ple of Illinois have been consuming not only worse
things but a much larger variety of worse things
than have ever been dumped into our market.
Adulteration of food is now practiced to such an
extent that even the cheapest foods are no longer
pure. Articles sold to consumers at so low a price
that one would suppose any sort of adulteration to be
unprofitable are still subject to fraud. Thus it is
noted that a man in search of New Orleans open
kettle molasses could find only one place in Chicago
where the unadulterated article could be secured, and
this in spite of the fact that the pure article costs only
18 cents per gallon. He found hundreds of places
where an article was sold in neatly printed and la
beled tin cans, "guaranteed pure N. O. O. K. mo
lasses," but not a grain of the golden yellow svgar —
a sure test of the pure article could be found in the
bottom of the cans.
It is recognized that a considerable proportion of
the adulterated foods are not absolutely harmful to
health, and therefore the Illinois law permits the sale
of such articles provided they are distinctly labeled
and branded so that every purchaser may know
exactly what they contain. An important feature of
the bill refers to candies and confectioneries, as it
has been found that much of the cheap candy is so
adulterated as to be virtually a mixture of vile com
pounds and seriously injurious to the health of chil
dren, who are the more tempted by it because they
can get what is commonly called "an all day lick" for
about a penny.
By a curious clause of the law it is provided that it
shall not go into effect until July, 1900. That gives
the dealers in impure food something more than a
year in which to work off their frauds and their
poisons. The law in effect declares that certain prac
tices are fraudulent and dangerous, and yet in defer
ence to those who are engaged in them the suppres
sion of them will be postponed until all the vile stuff
now on their hands can be disposed of upon an un
suspecting public. Bad as that provision is for Il
linois, it may perhaps be beneficial to the rest of the
country. Had the law been put into force at once
the Chicago adulterations might have been shipped
elsewhere and other communities would have suf
fered because Illinois is virtuous.
The twelve monkeys which were thrown overboard
from the transport ships to prevent the spread of
smallpox died in vain, and it is evident the practice
of quarantine by drowning harmless animals is not a
success.
"Shaking the plum tree" yields very poor fruit as
a rule, but we seem to have got the worst green Gage
in the bunch.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
CHINESE EDITOR ON POLL TAX.
-To the Editor of the Call-Dear Sir: Knowing as Ido the honesty -and Impar
tiality of your widely read and influential journal. I take the »hert> °* aG
dressing you on the present occasion in regard to a practical grievance anect
ing the Chinese community. - . _.._'„ __„* „„„ i) .
I am perfectly well aware that the poll tax should be lawfully and *^ vi tably
assessed, but I respectfully maintain that all subject to the tax should be ' treated
alike. Many a time and oft it has been my unhappy experience to notice in
rough and rude, not to say unjust, way wherein Chinese are treated in tne col
lection of. the tax. , How different is the treatment accorded to men of otner " a "
tionalities! It is by no means unusual for Deputy Assessors to stand at <_"
ferry and rudely assail Chinese, demanding at the same time the immediate pro
duction of the poll tax receipt, under circumstances very humiliating «*
Chinese self-respect, and threatening, should the request not be Imm^t^y
complied with, to take away by violent means whatever property the °" I^= c
may have in their possession or carry in their hands, while Americans and peo
ple of the other nationalities are treated with justice and courtesy by the very
same Assessors. Nor should it be forgotten that Chinese on their return trom
their native land are forced by the Deputy Assessors on their way to Chinatown
in wagons to pay the poll tax, failing in which their trunks and other effects are
taken possession of, to be redeemed only when the friends of the Chinese de
liver to the deputies the $2 demanded. As some of these Chinese are country mer
chants, it is oftentimes very difficult for them to obtain at once $2.
In conclusion, Mr. Editor, thanking you for your courtesy, I may be permitted
to add that I like all my countrymen to comply with the law, but at the same
time I hate to see them treated as an inferior class of human beings. Yours
respectfully; TONG K. CHONG,
Editor of San Francisco Chinese Worid.
FEATHER RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Editor San Francisco Call: Congressman Marion de Vries of Stockton came
up to view the Feather River Saturday, at the request of the citizens, as they
wished him to see the necessity of obtaining immediate aid from the Federal
Government.
The navigability of Feather River is of vast importance, as it is the direct
outlet for a large scope of valuable productive and rich section of country.
Levee District No. 2 has been fighting the battles alone for the last twenty
five years, which has been such a burden that the property holders have be
come very much embarrassed, and if Government aid is not received Feather
River will cease to be navigable soon and a large scope of valuable country be
ruined. Feather River has never had any Government work done on it yet, and
it is high time something is done to keep it in the banks. J. J. WATSON.
Nicolaus, Cal., April 25, 1899.
IMPERIALISM, NOT DEMOCRACY.
Editor San Francisco Call: You're all right. Keep hitting it. Imperial-
Ism is not democracy. Thousands are gaining more encouragement from the
bold stand you have taken against what amounts to treason against the only
America 1 and any other genuine American cares to recognize.
Palo Alto, April 25, 1899. G. L. REES.
STEAMER RIVAL GETS
BACK FROM CLIPPERTON
BROUGHT FOUR PASSENGERS
FROM THE ISLANDS.
Transport Leelanaw Sailed Shi
pwrights Visit Mare Island —
Muller Loses His Memory.
1 **•*• steamer Rival arrived from Clip
perton Island yesterday after a passage
of thirteen days. She brought four pas
sengers and a cargo of guano : for
Macondray & Co. The passengers were
men who were left on the island last year
to work the guano beds and get a cargo
ready for the return of the steamer. It
was quite rough while the Rival was at
Cllpperton and it took considerable time
to lighter the stuff from the shore to the
vessel. The men who returned from the
island say the crabs are just as big as
ever and Clipperton the dreariest spot
on in. face of the earth.
E. A. Holmes, who was for a short
time Deputy "Surveyor of the Port, then
a customs inspector on the front, has been
appointed a clerk in the Appraiser's build
ing. Mr. Holmes is one of the most
courteous men In the employ of Uncle
Sam and his host of friends will be de
lighted to hear of his promotion.
The transport Leelanaw sailed for
Manila yesterday. She carries a number
of mules for the army and the arms and
ammunition of. one of the light batteries
now in the Philippines.
A delegation from the Shipwrights'
Association visited Vallejo Tuesday and
organized a branch there. A large num
ber of members of the craft are engaged
in the navy yard and at Turner's Benicia
yard, and they gave the visitors a right
royal reception. After the business meet
ing there was an entertainment and
speeches were made by Messrs. Varney.
Drebell Sr., McCullough and l.avery. A
visit was paid to ti.e navy yard yester
day and the San Francisco contingent
was surprised to Bee the number of im
provements that had been made. It was
the consensus of "pinion that one of the
proposed warships should be built at
Mare Island in order to keep the splen
did force of mechanics gathered there to
gether.
Fred Muller, for eighteen years in the
employ of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, suddenly le.*"*: his memory yes
terday. He cannot even re ember his
own name, but his friends are hopeful
that he will get all right again. Muller
is suffering from what is known as
aphasia. ■
AROUND THE ■
CORRIDORS
W. T. Ellis, the Marysville capitalist, is
at the Palace.
Judge C. C. Bush of Redding is a guest
at the Grand.
E. Jacobs, a Visalia capitalist, is stay
ing at the Occidental.
Sheriff W. P. Harkey of Yuba City is
at the Russ with his wife.
George Tinker and wife of St. Louis
are registered at the California.
S. W. Wible. -» large land owner of
Bakersfleld, is staying at the Lick.
F. C. Lee and . wife of San Jose are
among the guests at the Occidental.
Rev. J. de Soyers, a clergyman of St.
John, N. 8., who Is making a' tour of the
world, is at the California.
Dr. A. N. Conture of Auburn, ex-Sher
iff Thomas Cunningham of Stockton and
D. R. Oliver, a mining man of Stockton,
are at the Lick. Vv. 7
C. C. Wright, a prominent attorney of
Los Angeles, who drafted the irrigation
law which bears his name, is at the Lick,
accompanied by his wife.
G. W. Hale of Sonora and W. H. Clary
of San Andreas, mine owners who have
extensive interests in Tuolumne County*,
are among the arrivals at the Lick.
Ben P. Tabor, an Auburn attorney; G.
W. Crystal, a merchant of Vacaville;
William H. Hilton, a Glen Ellen rancher,
and Robert N. Bulla if Los Angeles are
registered at the Grand.
Ulysses S. Grant Jr. came up from San
Diego last evening to meet his brother,
Brigadier General Frederick D. Grant,
who is expected to arrive shortly from
the East on his way to Manila.
J. K. Burnham, a prominent citizen of
Kansas City, is at the Palace with his
wife and two daughters. They are here
on a pleasure trip and will visit the va
rious points of interest in this State.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A HALF-DOLLAR— F. M. M., Oakland,
Cal. A half-dollar with rays around the
eagle and bearing Che date of 1853 does not
command a premium. One without rays
around the eagle and without arrow
heads at the date commands a premium
of from $20 to $30.
MCKINLEY'S ADMINISTRATION — A
Subscriber, City. This department has
riot the space to give "an outline of the
important events of McKinley's adminis
tration," but if you will read up "Cur
rent History," or the "Review of Re
views," you will be able to obtain the de
sired information.
BICYCLE RIDERS— A. S.. San Lean
dro, Cal. If there is an ordinance in San
Leandro prohibiting persons on bicycles
from riding on the sidewalks, and if. such
persist in riding on the walks and after
arrest for running down and Injuring peo
pie, escape conviction, the remedy lies
with the people of San Leandro.
SEA SHELLS— S.. Alameda County,
Cal. This department cannot give the
name of "some reliable firm in this city
or Oakland that deals In sea shells, etc.,
because it does not advertise any firm.
Persons asking for information, the an
swer to which amounts to an advertise
ment, should in letters of inquiry inclose
a self-addressed and stamped envelope.
NO SUCH FIGURES— A. E. _ Brent
wood, Cal. There are no figures in a tab
ulated form that will give the amount
expended in California during the fiscal
year 1897-98 for beer, malt, hops, liquors,
wines, taxes on breweries, distilleries and
retail dealers In the articles named and
in tobacco. It would take a research 01'
the records of every county in the State
and then only an approximate sum could
be obtained.
PRINCE OF WALES-Old Reader.
City. The Prince of Wales landed at St.
John July 24, 1860, for his American tour.
He remained on Canadian soil for sev
eral weeks. While in the United States
he visited Chicago, St. Louis, New York,
Boston and several other prominent cities.
He was met at Washington by President
Buchanan and visited the several de
partments of the Government. He also
visited the tomb of Washington at Mount
Vernon.
A POINT IN CASINO— H. X.. City. In
playing casino a player may throw a card
on one on the table, ..ay. a four upon a
five, and call it nine* the next player
can place an ace on that build and call
it ten; but at the time he does so he must
have a ten to take it with in case the
first player has not a ten with which he
can take it. Should the second player
not have a ten he would be charged with
having made a false Duild and he would
forfeit the game.
OLIVES— J. IL, City. Dr. Remondlno,
at one time a member of the State Board
of Health, said of the olive: "If preven
tion is better than cure, Americans should
cultivate the taste, habit and use of the
olive; it is eminently and essentially na
ture's food for the variable and either ex
treme weather of* the middle regions,
where animal fats would be injurious dur
ing the nearly tropical heat of the sum
mer. Statistics have shown that among
the French troops serving in Africa those
coming from the southern and largely
olive consuming provinces are not as
subject to hepatic or liver diseases as
their more animal-dieted fellow soldiers
coming from the Rhine or Belgian bor
der."
MEDICAL STUDENT— H. L. M.,"City.
Students who desire to matriculate in the
medical department of the University of
California must undergo examinations for
admission unless:
Applicants who present certificates of having
successfully passed the examination for ad
mission to. the College of Letters or the Col
leges of Science of the University of California
or of pome other recognized university or col
lege; present diplomas or certificates of gradu
ation from the University of California, or of
some other university or college; present di
plomas or certificates of graduation from recog
nised high schools and academies; present a
diploma or certiflcateof graduation from a Stale
Normal School of California, or of any other
State or Territory.
Applicants who do not present any of the
credentials named above will be required to
pass a satisfactory examination in the sub
jects embraced in a thorough English educa
tion, including elementary physics and ele
mentary Latin. ■-■•--'■".
WAGON TIRES-J. S., Smiths River,
Del Norte County, Cal. The following is
the law o_f California in relation to wagon
tires passed by the Legislature of 1597:
The width of tires for wheels upon wagons or
other vehicles to be used upon the public high
ways of the State of California shall.be for the
following styles of wagons as follows:
Two and three-quarter inch steel or thimble
skein axle, 1% Inch tubular steel or iron axle,
not less than 3-Inch tire; l 1 inch steel or iron
axle, 2% inch tubular or Iron axle, not less than
3,4-inch tire: 3 Inch steel or thimble skein, l**i
inch steel or iron, 2% tubular steel or iron axle,
not less than 4-inch tire; 3*4 inch steel or thim
ble skein, 1% or l"i steel or iron, 2"i tubular
steel or iron axle, not less than '."-inch tire;
3V4 inch steel or thimble skein, 2-inch steel or
Iron, 2 7 h Inch tubular steel or iron axle, not less
than 5-inch tire; 3% inch steel or thimble skein,
_*4 inch steel or iron, 3 or 3*.» inch tubular steel
or Iron axle, not less than s"_-inch tire; 4 inch
and larger steel or thimble skein, 2.. inch and
larger steel or Iron, 34-inch, and larger tubular
steel or iron axle, not less than 6-inch tire.
Other styles of axles shall have tires of
the same width as those of equal carrying
capacity above enumerated. All interme
diate axles shall have tires of the same
width as the next larger size above speci
fied.
THE TELEPHONE— Subscriber, City.
The principle of the telephone— that is
to say, that sounds could be conveyed to
a distance by means of a distended wire
was demonstrated by Robert Hook in 1667,
but no practical application of the prin
ciple was made of the discovery until 1821,
when Professor Wheatstone exhibited his
enchanted lyre, by which the sounds of
a music-box were conveyed from a cellar
to upper rooms. The first true discoverer
of the speaking telephone is said to have
been Johann Philip Reis, a German scien
tist and professor in the Institute at
Frederichshof. On the 25th of April. 1861,
he exhibited at Frankfort his telephone,
which contained all the essential features
of the modern telephone. He failed to
arouse an interest in his discovery, and
died in 1874 without having reaped any
advantage from it. In the meantime the
idea was being worked into more practical
shape by Professor Elisha Gray and Pro
fessor Alexander Bell, and later by Thom
as Edison. Gray's successful experiments
antedate those of Bell, but the latter was
the first to perfect his patent. On Febru
ary 12, 1877, Bell's articulating telephone
was tested in Boston, Mass., and sounds
were distinctly heard at Salem, eighteen
miles away. The Examiner of Patents at
Washington. D. C, on July 21, 1883, de
cided that Professor Bell was the first
inventor because he was the first to
complete his invention and secure a full
patent.
GRAIN CASES TO
BE DISMISSED
BY THE STATE
Attorney General Ford
Files a Notice.
— ♦ —
WILL BE HEARD ON MONDAY
— ♦ —
COSTS TO BE BORNE BY EACH
PARTY.
♦ — —
Forty-Three Thousand Dollars to Be
Taken Out of the Treasury and
Nothing to Show
for It.
Pursuant to instructions contained In
the Blackstock resolution adopted re
cently by the Board of Railroad Commis
sioners. Attorney General Ford yester
day filed in the United States Circuit
Court a notice to the Southern Pacific
Company that next Monday morning at
10 o'clock he would move to dismiss the
action brought by the railroad com;
to restrain the Commissioners from put
ting in force the reductions in the freight
schedule adopted by the previous Board
of Railroad Commissioners. The motion
to dismiss will be supplemented by a mo
tion that each side pay its own costs.
The Blackstock resolution rescinded and
repealed the resolution adopted Septem
ber 26, 1895, reducing grain rates 8 per cent
and reducing' all other classes of freight
25 per cent. As the suit was brought by
the railroad company to prevent the Com
missioners from putting the new rates in
to effect, and as the obnoxious resolution
has been repealed, it is believed that the
railroad company will not oppose the mo
tion to dismiss, the purposes of their
suit having been accomplished in an
i easier way.
The motion that each side pay its own
■ costs is to the advantage of the railroad
! company, for the costs accrued on be
i half of the State, according to Mr. Black
! stock's estimate, have already reached
; upward of $43,000, and according to the
estimate made by the Attorney General
in his report to the Legislature they
would amount to $110,000 if fought to a
, finish. This would be a neat little sum
for the railroad to pay in case it should
be defeated in the trial before the Cir
i cuit Court, as it certainly would be.
But the majority of the Board of Rail
. road Commissioners have removed this
I item of expense to the railroad corpora
! tion and have placed it upon the shoul
ders of the taxpayers.
NEW YOKK ABION.
Preparing for Festivities in This City
on a Grand Scale During
Next August.
The following-named committees have
been appointed to take charge of the
grand festival of the New York Arion
Musical Society, which will be held in
this city from the 11th to the 13th of next
August. The festivities will, it is as
serted, exceed anything of the kind that
has ever taken place in San Francisco:
Finance— H. Plagemann, (chairman), W.
Bogen, Theodore Dierks, W. Ehrenpfort, E. L.
Hueter, C. Hermann, \Villia4n John, W. C.
Hildebrandt, K. Meussdorffer, T. F. A. Ober
meyer, W. Plagemann, John H. Sievers, J. F.
Siebe, .1. D. Stange, Charles F. Thierbach,
Robert Behlow, Dr. Charles G. Bush.
Reception F. Beringer (chairman), George
H. Bahrs, W. Ehrenpfort, R. Finking, Charles
Hansen, August Junblut, .1. _. Roster, C.
Kenitzer, Dr. H. Kreutzmann, Dr. Max Mag
nus, K. Mohr, H. Plagemann, John H. Siev
ers, . Claus Spreckels, H. Westerfeld, J. G.
Rapp.
Entertainments — Dr. Max Magnus (chair
man). W. Dieffenbacher, H. Dunk, William
Knopf, F. R. Rummer, George C. Sneider,
C. F. Wacker, M. Winter, C. A. Z.inkand, P.
F. Kohnke, Albert Antz, F. P. I'la^^mann,
P. .1 Wenlger, E. K. Erbe, J. A. Wilkens.
Bay Excursions— Ed Schnutenhaus (chair
man.i. F. Attinger, H. Bachman, F. Gercke,
August Jungblut. Gustav Page, Oscar Schmidt,
R. Wienecke, Paul Westerfeld, C. Meussdorffer,
Ferdinand Zdnkand.
Press— E. L. Hueter (chairman), F. Berin
ger, Dr. Max Magnus, William Knopf, George
C. Beauchamp.
Music— George Sneider (chairman), B. Holz
hauer, Paul Bcholz, George Purlenky, Dr.
Joseph Sand, H. A. Wegener, H. G. Plage
man.
Decorations— John H. Sievers (chairman), .E.
A. Otto, Oscar Kunath, G. Rau, G. Tritten
bach.
The combined membership of all commit
tees act as a committee of the whole.-
. ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ «
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. *
» ♦ ■
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks and diar
ies. Best goods, best values at Sanborn
& Vail's, 741 Market street. •
The Chief Hero.
Little Edgar— Papa, who was the great
est hero Of the war?
Papa— Captain Bibbleson, I guess. His
magazine story is three pages longer than
any of the rest of them has written.—
Chicago Record.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave Han Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further information,
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway, 6241 Market St.. S. F.
Shake Into Your Shoes
Mien's Foot-Ease, a powder. It makes tight or
new shoes feel easy. Cures Corns, Bunions.
Swollen, Tired. Sweating. Aching feet. 30,000
testimonials. At all druggists and shoe stores,
25c. Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address
Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. Y.
Physicians will tell you Dr. Siegert's Angos
tura Bitters Is the best of all tonics and
stomach regulators. Druggists sell it.
A Puzzler. *
"Are you superstitious?
"Well, yes, a little. What about it?
"I only wanted to ask you what kind
of luck it Is for a left-handed nan to
see the moon over his tight shoulder?"—
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
____c_B________________M_i-*B»*i«""i»»*""*^™^^™^""^""«_^y,
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
J Alum bating powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day*
ROYAL BAKINQ POWDER CO., NEW YORK.Thousands oflives have been
saved by Warner's Safe Cure.
Thousands of men and
women keep in perfect health to-
day by Warner's Safe Cure.
Your life and health are too
precious to be trifled with.
Take Warner's Safe Cure.
McGLADE MAY
ESCAPE ON A
TECHNICALITY
Important Point for
Cook to Decide.
— —
EVIDENCE MAY BE BARRED
— —
EIGHT OVER THE ADMISSION
OF DOCUMENTS.
- — —
Defense Claims the Alleged Forged
Claim Was Void on Its Face
and Should Never Have
Been Allowed.
The fate of Peter W. McG!ad-> will prob
ably be determined this morning, when
Superior Judge Carrol' Cook will render
his decision on the admissibility as evi
dence of the forged document by means
of which the former deputy Street Super
intendent is alleged to have swindled tht
,_ ty out of $96. Should the objections of
Attorney Patrick Reddy on behalf of the
defendant be sustained and the incrim
inating document barred, the prosecution
will come to naught, for the piece of
paper over which the technical battle was
waged all of yesterday is the sole basis
for the case of the prosecution. On the
other hand, if the document is admitted
the conviction of MeGlade appears prac
tically certain to follow.
The specific charge on which the ex
deputy is being tried is but one of a
number of similar charge? pending, but as
all are based on forged documents similar
in all essential details to the one in con
troversy, the decision of the court, if ad
verse to the prosecution, will naturally
result in the discharge of the prisoner.
Ir. substance the defendant contends
that the document or demand on which
the money was obtained was not a de
mand which the Board nf Supervisors,
the Treasurer or the Auditor was author
ized by law to allow, even if genuine, and
that the allowance of the demand was
contrary to law; that the indorsement of !
said demand by MeGlade as deputy Su
perintendent of Streets is not the subject
of forgery for the reason that it was not
a forgery for the defendant to sign his
own name; that the certificate signed by
Thomas J. Clark, a clerk in the office of
the Superintendent of Streets, was, upon
its face, illegal and void, as it was not
signed in the name of his principal; that
there was no authority in taw authoriz
ing T. B. McGlnnis, as assistant clerk of
the Board of Supervisors or otherwise, to
■ :*r.:r*:ster oaths, and his jurat, which
appears on the face of the demand, is
therefore void. In fact. Attorney Reddy
. '.aimed that every indorsement that ap
***> ears on the back of the claim or demand
is illegal and void: and he further claimed
that there was no allegation in the com
plaint that the document was ever pre
sented for payment to the Treasurer.
The attorney quoted copiously from a
stack of lawbooks to convince the court
that his contentions were well founded.
Assistant District Attorney Black, who
la conducting the prosecution, argued that
the claims of the defendant's counsel
were in most instances very far-fetched
and that the indorsements that appear on
the demand alleged to have been pre
sented and cashed by MeGlade were borne
by hundreds of other claims filed at the
same time, the legality of which has
never been questioned; and that the in
dorsing of claims by officials referred to
as well as the administering of oaths by
an assistant clerk of the Board of Super
visors are of daily occurrence.
He maintained that the court should
not allow a tangle of technical objections
raised by the defense to obscure the fact
that the criminal tent had been shown
by the defendant.
The court promised to render a decision
on the point involved at 10 o'clock this
morning.
Stricken With Apoplexy.
Thomas McMahon. who is employed in
a coffee-house at 113 Front street, was
=tricken with apoplexy short before 6
o'eioek last ...I." He was taken to the
Harbor Hospital^-where he died within a
few hours.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ■&&&>>_
\. —_ / Z£t
.
Not newspaper fighter--, but fighters
of the "old school," always ready to
m-et any'.hin » that comes a!ong. Cut
prices en everything.
Munyon's Inhaler, $1 size. .80c
A FREE test of the inhaler will be
given at our store any day this week.
S-vamp Root, SOc size 3_c
Swamp Koot, Jl size 70c
Pain- Celery Compound. $1 size SOc
Pe-ru-na, $1 size ~y.c
Swift's Specific, S. S. S., $1 size 70c
Ayer's. Hood's or Joy's Sarsaparilla,
11 size - 70c
Kundoo Kidney and I-iver Cure
 Mc and SOc
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
L V^49-95l MARKfeTSI
JT ■» HEX! 10. rt AL_ BROS *-**•****
CHINESE WOULD
EXCLUDE POLICE
FROM CLUBS
A Prominent Firm of
Attorneys Engaged.
— ♦ —
CONSTANT VISITS GALLING
— « —
WILL SUE FOR A PERMANENT
WRIT OF INJUNCTION.
.
Societies Are All Operating Under
Charters and the Owners Think
Police Can Be Kept
Out.
The activity of Sergeant Donovan and
sauad in Chinatown has practically put a
j stop to all fantan games at the regular
; clubs. A? was told exclusively in The
Call a f^w days ago a new schema has
; been introduced which blocks the same?.
I The 'police are now traveling around in
j er-uples and each club if visited at I^ast
j four times an hour. If any loiterer? are
! found in the club rooms they are prompts
■ ly turned out.
This severe discipline is galling to the
! Chinese. They did lot particularly ob
i ject to the spasmodic raids when a door
; or two would be battered down and a
i hunch of gamblers taken into custody;
It was very easy to -I raw on the funds
of the society which owned the club raid
ed and pay the fines. But now that all
i business has been stopped for over a
i week the Mongolians ar^ becoming de
i spondent and have determined to reply
} to the United States courts for relief.
It is not generally known, but it Is
i nevertheless a fact that all the gambling
1 clubs in Chinatown nold charters from
,' the Secretary of State, many of them
! dating back for twenty years or more.
i exactly the same as thosp held by the
Pacific Union, the Bohemian or any 'other
white man's club. The police neither raid
nor systematically visit the clubs of the
I white men. so the Chinese have finally
; decided that they have just as much right
!to run clubs as their lighter skinned ;
i hrethren.
In view of this fact a prominent firm
! of attorneys has been engaged to take
! care of the clubs. Twenty-rive Chinese
I socfeties have come together and sub
[ scribed a handsome retainer for the law
' yers. The fir?- action taken will be an
! application in the Federal courts for an
! injunction restraining the police from vis
! king clubs, breaking down doors or in- \
! any way interfering with their business.
It is confidently believed by the attor- :
; neys that th<\v will win without the :
i slightest difficulty, as the clubs are each !
| running under an authorized charter and !
! the police have no authority to enter them !
i without a search warrant.
FAMILY EXCURSION.
Congregation of St. Dominic's Church
Will Picnic Among the Redwoods.
Saturday next, May 6, the excursion
and picnic of the congregation of St.
Dominic's Church leaves the Tiburon
ferry at 9 a. m. sharp for Mirabel Park,
near Guerneville, among the redwoods
of Sonoma County. No part of Cali
fornia than that selected offers so many
opportunities for a pleasant day's out
ing, and at no season of the year does
the country seem quite so attractive
as now. The event promises to be very
successful, as it is thought that at
least two thousand people will be in
attendance. Every preparation for the
pleasure and comfort of those who go
has been made. An unusually large
list of gate and game prizes will be
offered, many being of considerable
value. An elegant oil painting, beau
tifully framed, is valued at $150. An
onyx table, value $75, and a mandolin
and case, value $25, are among the
principal prizes, while over one hun
dred of 1 _ser value will be given away.
The tickets for adults are $1; children,
50 cents.
j SUCCESSOR TO MISS BLOCH.
j Miss Madge Fairman Appointed Sec-
retary to the Park Commissioners.
J Miss Madge Fairman, daughter of Mrs. j
j Fail-man, residing at 1823 Green street, '
• has been appointed to fill the secretary- !
j ship of the Board of Golden Gate Park
i Commissioners, recently made vacant by *
; the resignation of Miss Valence V. Bloch. i
! The announcement has been made and :
i the youn? lady will soon assume the dv- i
1 ties of the offlce.
Miss Bloch served the various Boards •
: of Park Commissioners for the past six- '
j teen years and possessed ... enviable rec- !
• ord both for efficient work and prompt j
i attention to all matters pertinent to the \
1 large pleasure ground. Miss Pairman.
her successor, was born and educated In I
| this city and is very popular among her i
; many friends.
. ♦ .
We always have bargains on second I
j floor in ready-framed pictures, easels, al- !
■ bums, lamps and onyx tables. Sanborn, I
• Vail & Co., 741 Market street. *
I■ ♦ .
Threatened His Family.
Frederick Nief, 613 Grove street, was ar
! rested yesterday afternoon on a warrant
1 charging him with threats to kill. The
warrant was issued by Judge Graham,
who fixed the bonds In J2 1 -- Kiefs wife,
! Mary. Is the complaining witness, and she
j alleges that her husband is crazy from
drink and has been threatening to poison
I her and the children.
If >our property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. Murphy. 630 Market. •
The Chilkat Wreck.
William Park wood, chief engineer of
the chilkat, and Captain John Bash, mas
ter of the steamer North Fork, testified
before Local Inspectors Bulger and Bolles
yesterday that the Humboldt bar was
dangerous to cross at ebb tide, and that
the captain of the Chilkat knew it, but
that he felt that he had to make schedule
time, no matter what might be the state
of the water.
j Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
j Hooker & Co., San Francisco. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
FRIEND OF THE REINDEER
EN ROUTE TO FAR NORTH
REV. DR. SHELDON JACKSON.
REV. DR. SHELDON JACKSON. United States General Agent of Edu
cation in Alaska, arrived from Washington, D. C. , yesterday and regis
tered at the Palace. Pr Jacks i is a member of the Educational Bu
reau of the Department of the Interior and will leave on the revenue
cutter Thetis for the purpose of purchasing reindeer in the Russian posses
sions in Siberia. Congress lately appropriated $25,000 in order to replace the
depleted herds it the Teller reindeer station In Alaska. Five hundred of
the animals were used in the exhibition sent to Point Barrow some time ago
for the relief of the ice-imprisoned whalers
** Dr. Jackson has been identified for the last twenty-two years in efforts £J
8 to save and educate the native population of Alaska. In 1-77 he began a R
a mission at Fort Wrangel in the name of the Presbyterian church. The In- ,-*>
jg defatigable work of his man cannot he easily computed. Suffice it to say £?
0 that there are now ten Presbyterian stations, namely: Wrangel. St. Law- 0
»*, rence Island; Juneau; Haines. Hoonah, Sitka. Saxman, Jackson, Point Bar- *_?
row and Skaguay. Ministers are now on the way to establish three more R
R at Circle City. Rampart and Eagle. q
*- t His reports to the Interior Department from 1885 down to the present ot
g time cover a wide range regarding the conditions prevailing in Alaska and re
0 have proved invaluable. These reports give comprehensive data on tea- 0
.* tion in the northwest territory, schools for Indian children, on the agri- •*
0 cultural resources of and the introduction of reindeer into Alaska. 8
*? Part of the year he is in Alaska and a part he is at Washington, fur- *.•
R nishing information and aiding the Commissioner of Education in administer- •__
0 ing the schools. The enormous distances which he travels will be under- .V
2* stood by the statement that his annual trip Includes some 17.000 miles by R
V land and water, now in the majestic steamer or the dory or the great dug- a
i out of the natives. But the least indicative of the man is his gift of $50,000 £•
.*. to found a Christian college in Utah. 8
.* "The first reindeer station." said Dr. Jackson in an interview, "was es- .*
0 tablished at Port Clarence, which is considered the best harbor on Bering R
•* Sea. The forwarders of the enterprise obtained 171 deer and established the *£-;
v station near the point chosen for the proposed Russia-American telegraph 8
V; in _867. The new station was named Teller in honor of Henry M. Teller of "w
R Colors. to whose ardent efforts the success of obtaining active Congres- gj
0 slona! support for the great enterprise was due. 0
*,♦, "Every difficulty that was raised against the habilitation of reindeer in %*
O. the northwest has been entirely surmounted. The Siberians are perfectly re
O willing to sell them and the deer take quite kindly to their new home and £.•
_? reproduce their kind. There are now oyer 2000 reindeer domesticated in v
R Alaska, but the 500 sent to the relief of the whalers at Point Barrow makes _
it necessary to procure at least that many more. The near future will see '-.
i« great herds of the wonderfully useful animals all through the ice-bound in- §
0 terior of Alaska and British Columbia." R
»* re
e\ov:-*.o\*:-v:* # . -t- \ csao&oeseeasas. o%v%o* , .o , .o\v\o \ ov:-v:*v. * c<**9
WITH A BRIEF
DEFENSE NEALL
CLOSED HIS CASE
Plea That He Was 1 11
and Overworked.
— —
SUDDEN ENDING OF THE TRIAL
— ♦ —
!
THE ACCUSED CONTRADICTED
I NONE OF THE EVIDENCE.
i
.
Relies on the Technical Point That
Dividends Had Never Been Le
i
gaily Declared From the
Post Exchange.
The defense in the case against Lieu
tenant Neall has opened and closed, and
the case has been finished so far as the
taking of testimony is concerned. Mr.
Thornton, Neall's attorney, promised that
his case would not take more than two
days. Yesterday morning hp modified this
to one day. and then in the afternoon
he took up the defense and finished It
within half an. hour.
The defense has been foreshadowed by
the questions counsel for the defense has
been putting to the witness all through
the trial. Neall was ill and overworked
is the contention, but beyond that there
will also be the claim that he could not
have paid any of the unfortunate divi
dends which have landed him In such a
peck of trouble because they were never
legally declared. Colonel Compton testi
fied that he refused to approve the divi
dends declared for January because they
were not made out by the exchange coun
cil or even by a majority of it. Under
these circumstances the dividend could
not have been paid is the c....m of the
defense; but it is also in evidence that no
such excuse as that was ever given by
Neall for his failure to pay. He put it
on the ground that he would have to get
the Nolan checks indorsed, and this was
shown to have been but a flimsy excuse,
and those to whom it was made brand It
as a deliberate attempt at deception. De
ception is conduct unbecoming an officer
and a gentleman, and that is the most
serious charge against Neall. The mere
fact that he had no right to pay the divi
dends, even should It be so shown, does
not mitigate the charge of deception.
The last witness was called by . the
court. It was Captain Pratt, one of the
members of the court, who commands
Battery E of the Third Artillery. He
was called to tell that in the beginning
of February he received a dividend of
over $60 from the post exchange paid by
Neall because of the withdrawal of Bat
tery E from the Presidio to new quarters
at Fort Mason. The Intent of this was
to show that while Neall was refusing to
pay dividends on the ground of the fail
ure to get the checks indorsed, he did
pay one of the dividends and the infer
ence is that he could pay them all less |
the amount of the checks, and that he '
knew this to be the case.
The principal part of the defense was
the reading and the Identification of the i
orders issued last May detailing Neall to
the various duties which the defense al- >
lege finally broke his health. He was as
signed to the duty of laying out the
camps for all the troops, volunteers and
regulars, not part of the garrison of the
Presidio; he was made commissary and
quartermaster md was appointed* to a
board to survey mules; he was give
charge of the policing of the post and
the temporary camps and in addition had
his duties as commander of Troop B, his
own troop. All these orders were Iden
tified by Major Edward Field. Second Ar
tillery, and acting inspector general, who I
was at that time acting adjutant gen- i
eral.
The orders having been read. Mr.
Thornton read the following extract from
the rules governing the post exchange:
Distribution of profits— When an exchange is
absolutely free from debt a sum sufficient to
cover all anticipated expenses for at least one
month will, at the end of each quarter, or
oftener if deemed advisable by the council and
Commanding officer. Be taken from the cash
on hand and set aside as a reserve fund, and
the remainder, which will represent the net
profits of the exchange for the period specified
will be disposed of in the following manner':
(a) Five per cent will be paid into the regi
mental fund if a band be serving at the post:
(b) such sum as the council, with the approval
of the commanding officer, may determine will
appropriated for the benefit of the entire
nder. which will represept the net
- - ■ - period spo. ift^.j
be dts Wing manner:
Fiv r>f-r c-nt will he paid into tl
.tal fur. : be serving at the post;
such sum as 'he council, with the approval
rflcer, may determine will
appropr: - I - the benefit of the entire
garrison, to all or any of the following pur
poses: Laying and preparing and cultivating
gardens and supplying seeds and roots and
plants for the same: the purchase of books,
papers, periodicals, stationery, etc., for tlie
post exchange or the post library; the pur-
Chase of gymnastic apparatus when there is no
. gymnasium connected with the exchange;
• prizes for athletic sports. The expenditure of
profits for the purchase of other than these
' 'I
I
1 ■ j
I ANNOUNCEMENT !
Owing to the continued heavy rush of
business at our establishment since the open-
ing of our REORGANIZATION SALE and
the consequent necessity of allowing our
employes sufficient time to arrange the stock
in their respective departments, we have re-
spectfully to inform our friends and the public
that our doors will remain closed until 9
o'clock this (Thursday) morning, at which
hour they will be opened for the reception
of our patrons.
\\\\_Vusfr x <J_*~L
\B [ Sm_/Li/M^_r_r7_T A t3_f £ — -*->
1 3 1 _*i^/4jf_t'7 if _C'_*_f /is _> t^
[MIF Murphy Building., /
■Met and Jones Streets.
~r : ir
BENEATH THE WEIGHT OF
COAL, NOT CENTURIES
*~THE]rj(JD___.Sw_
6HIVLP- AND
.iHAKt FOB- COAI
1
'_■ t x re: Procurement of coal for
<g I courtroom and chambers. In re:
§1 Superior Court, Department 7.
•♦> ■*■ Sheriff ordered to procure coal for
0 court and coal oil for use in cham-
L bers.
V The wheels of justice froze up
Oj yesterday and it was up to petit
-_*: Sheriff Henry Martin to thaw things
V out and start the grind anew. It is
.1 seldom that a lack of fuel is made the
* subject of official record and order.
2 It is also seldom that such a dignitary
,j, as a Sheriff is ordered forthwith to
A chase out and provide, that judicial
*-* limbs shall not tremble from the
V chilling draughts. It is, as the Sher-
A Iff holds, not quite au fait to drag
.;. coal sacks around the corridors of
9 ♦CH-C-t'-O -o-^-c***:* • c**<>*o*<>*<
requires the approval of the Secretary of War.
The remaining money may be divided among
the organizations contributing to the exchange,
on such equitable basis as shall be determined
by the council, with the approval of the com
manding officer. Where differences in this
respect arise between the council and the com
manding officer the decision of the department
commander will be final. The money thus dis
tributed will be paid into the company or de
tachment funds. In addition to the dividends
for the hospital detachment the proportionate
amounts for the sick in the hospital Who belong
to the various companies or detachments that
are members of the exchange wilt be turned
over to the surgeon. Any variation from these
rules requires the sanction of the Secretary of
War.
It was then announced that the defense
had closed Its case.
For the first time Neall appeared in
the double bars of the captain's rank, and
during the afternoon it was* formally an
nounced by the judge advocate that the
accused had received his commission as »
captain and that he was entitled to the
title and priveliges of that rank.
The case will not be argued orally un
less the written arguments which M.
Thornton and Judge Advocate Noble will
prepare are thought insufficient by the
court. Mr. Thornton asked three days in
which to prepare his argument and he
promised to submit it to the Judge ad
vocate next Saturday afternoon. The
judge advocate then announced that un
der those circumstances he would have
his answering argument ready by Monday
morning, and to that time the court ad
journed. ______^__^^___
■j, Ocean Water Tv Baths.
101 Seventh street, c.rner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
ROLL OF HONOR.
One of tne Native Sons of the Golden
West Who Served in the Vol
unteer Service.
The grand secretary of the Native Sons
of the Golden West has called the atten
tion of all the parlors In the State to the
roll of honor of the members of the order
who have done or are now doing service
in the Philippines. In his letter to the par
iols he says:
So many members of the order have enlisted
in the service of our country that a record of
their names would make an interesting roll of
honor. If the secretaries will kindly furnish
me with the names of their members who have
enlisted in the army or navy, I will take pleas
ure in preparing a rolf of honor, which will
become of historic Interest long after our boys
have returned— as we pray they may— from the
victorious fields of tropical countries to the
peaceful "land of sunshine, fruit and flowers."
It is probable that some of the secretaries
failed to comply with the request, and it is
possible that there may be errors in this list.
If the delegates from the parlors will kindly
notify me of omissions or errors I shall be
clad to make corrections before making this
roll an enduring record ln the proceedings of
this Grand Parlor.
If there are errors or omissions in this list,
or parlcrs whose names have not yet been re
ported, the secretaries will please report them
to me within one week, as the reports go to
press on May S. 1*93.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. I*l7-1023 Mission
To Test the Garbage Law.
Andrew Jambrone, a scavenger, ap
peared in Judge Graham's court yester
day, charged with dumping garbage on
a vacant lot on Mason street, between
North Point -and Roach street. The com
plaining witness is John Kenneally, 1813 1 .
Mason street. Jambrone's attorney noti
fied the Judge that Jambrone intended
making the case a tost one, to see if he
was compelled to take his garbage to the
crematory. _Kw*__
Administrators to Spare.
Four applications for letters of adminis
tration upon the estate of the late Ed
ward Barrett, filed by J. Duffy. Theresa
Hartnett, J. Daly and the Public Admin
istrator, were heard by Judge Coffey yes
terday. Barrett died intestate a short
time since, leaving an only daughter, Mrs.
the municipal home at the direction of -6
men who, even .hough they have^
more learning, draw less salary. Buty
coal oil! This was awful. The Sheriff .£
groaned, not beneath his own weight— *?
he is used to that— but the weight of£
his woes. Still he did not wish toX
turn his own keys upon himself. htt-§
close himself in a bastile under his-_;
care for contempt of court at the di-V
rection of a shivering Judge, so heX
hustled and hustle did his men. Coal 4
and coal oil began to appear late ln-0
the day, too late to be of service, but£
with its appearance disappeared the.-,
dignity of the Sheriffs office, for the 4^
grime"of the diamond dust besmeared X
official faces and they had stooped/),
beneath the blackened sack and reek- I*
ing, odorous can. Q
<» SHERIFF MARTIM
FURNISHES THE
Judge, with
FUEL*"* _^_k_ *-
!J. Duffy. She nominated her husband as
; administrator of her father's estate, and
' a short time later she died. Her husband
; applied for letters of administration and
1 then Theresa Hartnett. a niece, applied,
i J. Daly, under authority received from
Mrs. Duffy, a sister of the deceased, now
: living in Ireland, next applied, and the
. complication extended to such an extent
: that the Public Administrator put in his
• application. Judee Coffey has now to de
! termine who is entitled to letters of ad
; ministration, a problem which he will de
■ termine in the near future.
E " ' ' j* 1 " ,J ?__-^. ____ s. . ?_____ i . '-v
EaS \%Wm^k^_WSti\^
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy,
j Syrup of Fios,* manufactured by the
! California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
; the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
\ tire principles of plants known to be
; medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
; taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
: tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
; to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
; every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
i are used, as they are pleasant to the
; taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
\ other aromatic plants, by a method
| known to the California Fig Syrup
' Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
LOUISVILLE. KY. NEW YORK, IT. T.
For sale by all D- ts.— Price SOc. per bottle.
AMUSEMENTS.
THIRD ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 3, 4, 5, 6, 1899.
Nearly $590) in Cash and Trophies.
PRIZE-WINNING DOGS FROM ALL OVER
THE UNITED STATES.
Open from 10 *. m. to 10 p. m. Daily.
ADMlSSlON— Afternoons. 25c; Evenlngrs. 50c
Children, Half Price.
SAN* FRANCISCO KENNEL CUB.
i H. H. CARLTON. Secretary.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A wonderfully realistic representation of the
greatest sea battle ever fought.
The spectator stands near Dewey on the
bridge, while the contest rages all around.
Surpasses the panoramas of "Waterloo and
Gettysburg in scope and present Interest.
Market Street, "near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. Mc; Children. 25c.
i
CONCERTS ANI; BE-WATS.
EL CAMPO, *.
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating. Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
; trip. . 25c; Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds. - ,-..•
| THE STEAMER UKIAH
: "Will leave Tiburon ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 13:10
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
! 11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 6c.
Bathing, including admission, 25c; children, JOc.
DE. KILMEE'S EEMEDIES.
Seeto millionsof
SUFFERERS.
The New Cure for Kidney, Bladder
and Upie Acid Troubles.
*
Almost everybody who reads the
newspapers is sure to know of Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy.
It is the great medical triumph of the
nineteenth century; discovered after
years of scientific research by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist, Dr.
Kilmer, and has truly wonderful pow-
ers in curing kidney, liver, bladder and
; uric acid diseases.
Kidney trouble is -responsible for
more sickness and sudden deaths than
any other disease, and is so deceptive
that thousands have it without know-
ing it.
Thousands owe their health and even
life to Swamp-Root and thousands
more who to-day think themselves be-
yond help can be made well by the use
of this great remedy.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospial work, in private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proved so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The Call, who have not
already tried it, may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mail.
Also a book telling more about Swamp-
Root and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women
who owe their good health, in fact,
their very lives, to the wonderful cura-
tive properties of Swamp-Root. Be
sure and mention the San Francisco
Daily Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
: dollar sizfl bottles at drugstores.
FASCINATING /*9v
COMPLEXIONS|£**§
That soft, smooth. rose-tinted •WiSr. _y
complexion so much desired can \___ifl_^*^
be obtained by the use of WOODBURY" S FstSlal
Boap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power for brightening the color. (riving
new life and tone to the skin; beautifying anfl
preserving the complexion.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
IN
ELCAP-jTAN!
NOTE— Branch Ticket Office at the Pacific
Graphophone Co.. 724 Market street, opposite
'all building, where choicest Beats may be se-
cured.
Reserved Seats 25c and 50c
Gallery Be.
Next Week-"LITTLE TYCOON."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST » NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
ROLAND REED
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH,
In the Amusing Comedy,
WOMAN-HATER.
EXTRA— Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
Charles Frohman's Comedians in
"OIN AND OFF!"
Original Cast and Production.
SEATS NOW READY.
Direct from Europe, the Famous and Beau-
tiful
HAWTHORNE SISTERS.
In the Charming Japanese Romance. "THEI
WILLOW PATTERN PLATE."
VALDARES, Trick Bicyclists.
4 NELSON SISTERS, Acrobats.
DILLON BROS.. G. W. DAY. THE ANDER-
SONS. JACKLEY WONDERS.
Last Week of LILLIAN BURKHART AND
COMPANY,
In "MY AUNT'S ADVICE."
Reserved Seats,, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, SOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR ma™ !
AIUAAAK Main 254.
TO-NIGHT (THURSDAY) AT 8:15,
LAST WEEK OF
CAPTAIN SWIFT
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Monday, May 8, First Production of Clay
M. Greene's Farcical Comedy. Entitled,
"HIS JAPANESE WIFE."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT. AT 8 SHARP.
The Japanese Successful Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
A PERFECT PRODUCTION IN EVERY
DETAIL.
ONLY SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— "ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
PRICES - • 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone Bush 5.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT!
Amateur Cake Walk of All Nations!
SATURDAY NIGHT,
GRAND BENEFIT, by and for
THE lOWA MINSTRELS!
First Appearance on Any Stage of
BILL BUCKSTRUM, the Goat, .
i Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner 186 L
\ Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZS.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver recovered somewhat.
Mexican Dollars firmer.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats and Corn firm.
Rye neglected.
Rolled Barley lower.
Hay still depressed
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans and Seeds quiet.
Potatoes and Onions continue weak.
Early Tomatoes damaged by frost.
Butter and Eggs unchanged.
Cheese weak and dull.
Cherries and Strawberries selling well.
Other fruits stand the same.
Dried Fruits dull and nominal.
Hogs continue to tend upward.
Increased Internal Revenue collections.
Sugar marked up.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue collections in this district
thus fii-r this year amount to 016.752. against
$750,443 for the same time In 3S9S, and include
$30:1,141 for beer, $288,472 for spirits. 866.254 tor
tobacco and $300,977 for war stamps.
WEATHER REPORT.
(320 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 3, 5 D. m.
The followinc are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of me date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
I_«st This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.10 32.83 31.29
Red Bluff 0.00 l'.'.SS 12.71
Saoramento 0.00 34. 00 8.87
San Frur.clsco 0.00 16.00 7.75
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.19
San Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 6.16
Los Angeles 0.00 4.91 6.60
San Diego 0.00 4. 89 4.57
Yuma 0.00 1.84 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ES; minimum, 46; mean, 70.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(RECAST.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary
over the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has risen, except along the
coast from San Francisco to Eureka, where,
owing to fog. there has been a slight fall. Rain
lias fallen from Mendocino northward along the
coart, but no rain has yet fallen in the In
terior. Conditions are favorable for fog to
night and Thursday morning along the entire
const of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 4. 1899:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, with fog
in the morning along the coast and cloudy
weather in the valleys; west winds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; westerly
winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday; continued slowly ris
inc temperature.
Arizona- Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
with fog in the morning; westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW* YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 3.— The stock market
moved In an uncertain manner to-day and
left off generally lower with the declines most
accentuated In the coalers. Consolidated Gas,
Sugar and American Spirits. Commission
house business was small and London and
some professionals realized on stocks bought
nt the low figures yesterday. Much of the
buying appeared to be covering of shorts. The
early trading continued the strength of yes
terday's trading, but realizing sales on the
theory that the recovery nao been too rapid
took the snap out of the market. The weak
ness of the coalers was on heavy sales by a
prominent holder who had been carrying a
long line of these properties. Disappointment
was expressed in some quarters that no an
nouncement was forthcoming concerning a coal
deal, now that the New Jersey Legislature
has been adjourned for some time. The steel
and wire stocks displayed firmness on the be
lief that negotiations were pending to con
solidate a number of properties. Although
nothing positive as to details could he learned,
it was said that a capitalization of over half
a billion dollars was contemplated. The P r>
pllcation of American Steel and Wire to he
listed by the exchange, together with dividend
gossip was an aid to that stock. Brooklyn
Rapid Transit fluctuated widely and closed
with over a point advance. People's Gas and
Pacific Mail were also strong. The general
railways list was fractionally lower. Consoli
dated Gas recovered somewhat, but on the in
creased cutting of gas prices again broke sev
eral points and closed nearly two off on the
day. The arrangement to retire the first pre
ferred stock of Minneapolis and St. Louis
caused a rlFe of over four points In the sec
ond preferred. The closing of pool accounts
In American Spirits and Sugar was said to
account for the weakness In these properties.
The market closed weak. Most of the prominent
bond Issues scored improvements to-day wit
the advances quite irked in some Instances,
uotal sales, $ fc ,l,-.* ,000.
United States 3s coupon and the new 4s I
coupon advanced % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day amounted to i
535.570 shares. Including: Amerhan Spirits, i
B500; American Steel Hoop, 7500; American Steel
Hoop preferred. 3$o0; American Steel and Wire
€2.000; American Sugar. 35.300; American Tin
Plate. 32i">0; Anaconda. 11,900: Atchison, 3300;
Atchison preferred. 10,200: Baltimore and Ohio,
12.3<X': Brooklyn Transit, 65,200; Burlington,
12,700; Chicago Consolidated ■ Traction 6700;
Consolidated Gas, 9100; Continental Tobacco
21.0i.iV Federal Steel, 12,000; Federal Steel pre- ;
ferred, 4500; Manhattan Consolidated, 22,700;
Metropolitan Street Railway, 7000; Missouri
Pacific. 5200; National Steel, 6100: Northern
Pacific, 7500; .pie's Gas and Coke, *S 500;
Reading first preferred. 17.200; Rock Island'
3700; pt. Paul, 72.600; Tennessee Coal and Iron
4000; Union Pacific, 7000; Silver Bullion, 25,000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 1974 St I. &g w ... 14*^ j
Do prefd 59** i ... prefd 33 i
Baltimore & Ohio. 72', St Paul I*7
Canada Pacific. 98% i Do prefd .'.'.lt."-*,;
Canada Southern.. 56 St P ft Om . 95
Cent Pac ,*.o'i| Do prefd .V.*..v;!165
Ches fr Ohio -'7 So Railway 12U
Chi A- Alton 165 Do prefd 52*
<hi Bfr Q 143 Texas & Pacific 22U
Chi fr E 111 79 Union Pacific .. 45H
Do prefd 124 I Do irefd .... 7S ;
Chi G W 14*4 CPD ft G 12 I
Chi Ind & L 9V4 Wabash 7%
Do prefd 47, Do prefd 22*2
Chi & N W 15614 Wheel & L E.. 13' i
Do prefd 192 j Do prefd 34
C .' Cft St L '- ! Express Companies-
Do prefd 97,*_ Adams Ex .... 113 j
Del & Hudson ...,11!''_ American Ex ... 140
Del 1. & w 17.14 United states .... 52
Den fr Rio G 23>_ Wells Far.;.. . 12a
Do prefd 77*- 4 Miscellaneous—
Erie new 13. A Cot "II 37 j
Do Ist prefd .... 36*4 Do prefd w.
Ft Wayne 184 i Arnn Spirits 11%
Gt Nor prefd 190V_ Do prefd 3414
nocking Val 10*4 Am Tobacco 21S '
Illinois Cent 115*4 Do prefd 143
Lake Erie ft W ... 16% Cons Gas 176U
Do prefd fin Com cable Co ....ISO
Lake Shore 200 ,Col f & Iron 51*
Louis ft Nash 67 , Do prefd 110
Manhattan L 117 Gen Electric 11814
Met St Ry 23X4 Haw Coml Co ....122'^
Mich ' '*'"' 113 Brooklyn R T 132*.
Minn ft St L 61 tntnl Paper 744
Do Ist prefd ....100 | Do prefd 53%
M Pacific 4fi-4 I^nclede Gas ... 54
Mobile _ Ohio .... 43 Lead 3314
Mo. k & T 1216 do prefd ..'.'...'.'.
Do prefd ■:- J Nat Lin oil 3
N J Central .... 119.; Pacific Mall 51
N "t Central — 137-* People's Gas 12614
N V Chi & St L.. 13*- 4 Pullman Pal 17,9
Do Ist preld .... 66 Silver Cert 62'/.
Do 2d prefd .... 31 Standard R & T.. 10*
Nor West Sugar 163*14
No Amer Co 11*,! Do prefd 116%
No trifle .;:., Cft Iron 62%
Do Prefd 7. is Leather 6*.
Ontario fr W 26V Do prefd 71<4
Or R * Nay pfd.. 68 rs Rubber ... .-,2 V
Or Short Line .... Il4| Do prefd llfi
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 84 .West Union .. v>-„
Do 2d prefd .... 5* Amn S ft W... 7(fi
Pittsburg 1--4 I Do prefd 99*2
Reading 21*4 [Fed Steel 6SV4
Do Ist prefd .... 61^| Do prefd S6V4
R/ ? W ■• .14 |Nor * W prefd.... 6774
Do prefd 76 Colo So 6
Rock Island 115% Do Ist prefd .... 4S*4
Bt L fr S F li' 4 Do 2d prefd .... 20
Do prefd .....71 Pac Coast 40
Do --: prefd ....3774 Do prefd $714
Bo Pacific 32'J
CLOSING BONDS
UB 2a reg ...ty* Do 4., 94*4 I
Do 3s reg 107% N V Cent lata Ill', !
Do 3h coup lOT**. N .1 Cent gen 55..119* i
Do new 4s reg. ..l2^*4 No Carolina 65. ...12?'
Do new 4s coup.. 129 ! Do 4s 104
Do old 4s reg....H2"/4:No Pacific lata 120
Do old 4s c0up. .113 J Do (a ,;;!^
Do 5s reg 11 IN 1 Do 4e 10.14
Do 7s coup :..- N V <• & fit L 45. .107%
List of C 3.G5? 117 Nor & W eon 45... 95*4 I
Alabama class A. .110 I Do.gen 6s 130
Do class B 110 (Oregon Nay 15t5. ..114 I
Do class C 100 , Do 4s 103*4 I
Do Currency 100 Oregon S L fis 131 -»
Atchison Ren 48... .10114 Do con 7s 111-.
Do adj 4s -;>•«. Reading gen 4s .1%
Canada So 2ds 111. Rio <; w Ists 97M.
Ches ft Ohio 4i_s... 94Vi St 1, & I M con 55. 111%
Do 53. >'- : - st Lfr S f gen 68.124
Chi & \ W con 7s 1127* St Paul con Pis',
Do S F deb 55. ..123 st P C & P lata.... 123
Chicago Term ,100*4 Do 5s 1:1-,
Den ft Rio Q lr.ts-.lflS*. Bo Railway 5s 11l
Do 4s 102J4 Stand R & T fis... 89
E T V & G ists 105% Term new set 35... 97
Erie gen 4s 7: Tex & Pac Ists 116
F W * D C ists.. 86 I Do 2d- 55
Gen Electric 5s — 116 Union Pacific 45. ..106*4
CHft P A fis 114 IVP D& G Ists... 90
Do 2ds Ill',* 'Wabash Ists 114H
II ft TC 5a 113 I Do 2ds 9914
Do con fis 112"_'West Shore 4s 1144
lowa Cent ists 11l Wla Cent Lsti .... 71
KCP.4.O Ists 67V4j\*a Centuries S3'-4.
La new con 4s 110 Do Deferred 5
Lft N unified 45.. 99 Vi Colo Southern 45.. &7»4
M X & T Ma "-.'«
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30. Ontario 9 00
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 1 25
-"*•»*•. Cal ft V 1 £5 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry...'.- 35 Do prefd 900
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 90
Homestake 56 00 Standard 2 65
Iron Sllwr 5 m Union Con 66
Mexican 55 Yellow Jacket 40
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- .Wis Cent 1%
Call loans 3%*{f4%'Mlch Tel 100
Time loans 3%ff» Atchison prefd 59%
StockF— Bonds
Atch Top & St Fe. Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 163 I Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117. Alien,;. Mill C 0.... 11%
Bell Tel 365 Atlantic 35
Boston & Albany. .2s7 Boston & Mont 383
Boston & Maine. ..lßs Butte A Boston 101
Boston L li.; Calumet & Hecla..B«*
Chi Bur & Q 143 Centennial 41%
Fitchburg 120 [Franklin 26
Gen Electric 119% Old Dominion 47
Federal Steel 68 Osceola '.'3
Do prefd 86% Quincy 166
Mexican Central... 15 Tamarack 27, _
Old Colony 210 Wolverine 46%
Rubber 52%!Parrott 87%
Union Pacific 45%' Adventure 13%
West End 95 Humboldt 11l
Do prefd 117 Union Land ■»%
Westlngh Elec 50%, Winona' 1«%
THE LONDON MARKET.
"LONDON, May 3.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's I-ondon financial cablegram says: The
markets here were quiet; good Americans were
hard early, with some "punting" purchases
on glowing statements of a dealer just re
turned from the States. The close was under
the best, except for Baltimore and Ohio. Mexi
can Central Issues were strong on excellent
traffic (statements. Tlntos opened weak at
48*4, rallied to 49 5-16. and closed at 49'». Ana
condas. 13, ex-dlvidend. unchanged.
Bostons were flat at 2%: Utahs, »*.; Canadian
Pacific was buoyant, going to 101%, closed
Silver was fixed at 28%, but later fell to 28%.
America attempting to unload on a very lim
ited market.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 3.— Canadian Pacific, 100".:
Union Pacific preferred. SO*.; Grand Trunk, 8;
Anacondas. 1274. ex dividend; bar silver, un
certain, 28% d per ounce; money, 1*601*4.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW TORK. May 3.-FLOUR-R<*ceir.ts. 18.
--191; exports, 13.241. Steadily held, but very
dull.
WHEAT — Receipts, 23,213; exports, 43,82*5.
Spot market steady; No. 2 red, B2*4c f. o. b
afloat Options opened steadily on English
cables owing to a squeeze of May shorts in
j rro °** The same option here was strong
all day on light stocks and a good export de
mand, sustaining the entire market. Spring
Wheal <:•■:> new.-- was bullish. Late in the
afternoon realizing developed, under which
prices broke sharply, closing weak and U. c
higher on May, but unchanged on others. May
78%@79c; July. 77%*-r77%c. closed 77% c: Septem
ber. .i- 4 -.i ..,_,•, closed 76"4 c; December, 77677***.
closed 77%e. ,•.■'.-
HOPS— DuII.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL- Dull.
METALS— Following Monday's sharp rise and
yesterday's break, tin made an untui to
day on increased demand and generally favor
able news. The other departments show no
radical changes. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet, at 110 75 bid and
$11 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, at
$11 25.
TIN— Firmer, with $2." 85 bid and $2.-. 95 asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $4 374 bid and $4 42*.
ask.
SPELTER— Unchanged, at $6 7607 asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 15 and for
copper JI^WIO 12%.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged,
to 5 points lower. Sales, 11,750 hags, Including,
June, 15 06: July. $5 25; August, $6 35; Sep
tember. $5 45: October, $5 60; November, $*> 55;
December, $5 75; March, $5 90.
Spot coffee — Rio, steadier: No. 7 invoice, 6%c:
No. 7 jobbing. 6%e; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and steadier. Fair re
fining. 4*404 5- 16 c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4%c;
molasses sugar, 4'~»' 3-lfic. Refined, firm and
higher; No. C, 4 11-lfic, No. 7, 4%0; No. 8,
4 !>-16c; No 9. 4%c; No 10. 4 7-16 c: No. II 4"ic:
No. 12, 4 5-16 c; No. 13, 4*4 c; No. 14. 4' 4 c; mold
A. 5%c; standard A, "V : confectioners' A. .
r.tic; cut loaf. 6%c; crushed. 5%e; powdered,
S'.c; granulated, 5%c; cubes, 54c.
BITTER — Receipts. 4000; market steady.
Western creamery, 14*4017 c; factory, 12%j?13%a
EGOS — Receipt 10,551 packages; firmer.
Western, 12*_013c; Southern, ll%'i_2%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 3— California dried fruits.
steadier.
EVAPORATED APPLES Common. 7@BV4c;
prime wire tray. B%<g*9*iic; fancy, f'%Gloc.
PRUNES— 4%@9%c.
APRICOTS— 13*_014c: Moorpark, 14*?
-
PEACHES Unpeeled. 9013 c; peeled. 25@28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. May 3.— An unexpected advance
at Liverpool, rumors of Russian drought and
reports of delayed seeding in the Northwest
on account of snow, save wheat an Imoetus at
the opening which lasted until within an hour !
Of the close The market finally weakened un- '
der heavy realizing, owing to more favorable
crop reports and soaking rains throughout the
winter wheat country. July opened %c to '■♦c
higher at 72%'a73c. advanced irregularly to
73%e. declined to 72%fi72%c, and closed at 72"*
•i 7.:. .
Predictions of frost, light receipts and a good
cash demand strengthened corn early. The ad
vance was all lost near the end. however, on
reports of increased acreage and favorable
conditions for planting. July declined %c to
%c at the ...
Oats ruled active and firm. There was a good
demand from shorts and shippers for May,
while elevator concerns bought July as a hedge
against cash sales. July closed '.<■ higher
Provisions declined under free selling by
tired longs. Packers purchased May at the de
cline. July pork closed 25c to 27c lower, lard
5c and ribs 7c to ''■■_.•■■ lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2.
May 71*. 72*4 71% 71%
July 73 73% 72% 73
September 72% 72% 72% 72%
Corn No. 2—
May 33 « 34% 33% 33%
July 34% 35 34% 34%
September 35*4 35% 35 35
Oat- No. 2—
May 27 27% 26% 27%
July 24% 24% 24 24%
September 22% 22% 22 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May 3 72% 8 52*. 860 850
July .' 8 97% 900 870 870
September '■< 12% 915 SBS 885
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 510 510 5 07% 5 07*.
July 5 22% 6 22% 516 515
September 7 37% 5 37% 6 27% 5 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds ■"."•.
May 4 52%
July 4 77% 4 77% 4 67% 470
September 490 490 4 82% 4 82%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 71*?72%e;
No. 3 spring wheat, 68071 c; No. 2 red, 76076 c;
No. 2 corn, 34% c; No. 2 oats, 26%@26%c; No. 2
white, 30-_(3lc; No. 3 white. 29%<g'30%c; No. _
rye, 69c; No. 2 barley, 36W41C: No. 1 flax seed,
$1 12: prime timothy seed, $2 8092 86; mess
pork, per barrel, $8 6608 60; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 1006 17%: short ribs sides (loose),
$4 40*74 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4'-'ii
4%c: short clear sides (boxed), $4 B0 4 90;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 11,000
Wheat, bushels 73.000 2**,000
Corn, bushels 816.000 194,000
Oats, bushels 629 (100 883.000
Rye, bushels 7,900 16.000
Barley, bushels 20,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy. Creameries 12©
16c; Dairies. 10014 c. Eggs, steady; fresh, U*_c.
Cheese, weak; Creameries. 10*_@llc.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat. May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 8% 5 7% 5 7%
Closing 5 9% 5 8% f. 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 2125 20 40
Closing 21 25 20 45
Flour—
Opening 43 00 2S 10
Closing 43 10 28 i:,
eastern livestock market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. May 3.— CATTLE-Trade to-day
was moderately active at ruling prices, with
the bulk of sales at $4 50*35; fancy grades, $;, 49
(g*s 50; choice steers, J." 0505 35; mediums, $4 65
.4 75; beef steers, $4{t~4 50; st'X*kers and feed
ers. $3 8005 10; bulls, $2 60*34 10; cows and heif
ers, $3 5004 25; Western fed steers, $4 2005 20;
Texas steers, $3 9004 90; calves, $4*8.6 85.
HOGS— There was an active demand at 6teady
prices. Bulk of sales, $3 75*73 82%; fair to choice
$3 77%*33 90; heavy packers. $3 5003 75; mixed,
$3 6603 SO; butchers, $3 6503 85; Tights. $3 600
3 85: pigs. $3 30<*t3 70.
SHEEP— Prices ruled strong. Colorado wooled
iambs. $6 1", chiefly at $5 80*56: shorn lambs.
$4 8006 56, with inferior lots bringing $4 26©
4 75; common to prime shorn sheep. $3 50.55 15;
fed Westerns. $4 9505 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,600; hogs, 26,000; sheep
14,000.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, May 3.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
Aside from the purchases made by a local
dealer on speculative account and the rale of
a considerable amount of Australian wool In
bond for export, there has been really very
little business done in the past week. The
transactions referred to, however, added to
what has been actually taken for manufac
turers' use, bringing the total of the week's
business up to a large amount; nearly 68.000,
--000 pounds— and there is reason for believing
that this does not represent all that has been
done, some of the houses not reporting all of
their sales. - !.- V/'«*
Prices are firm and ln several cases hold
THE AN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
ers of wool have raised their asked price on
territories and Australian wools.
The sales of the week in Boston amount to
4.905.(,0i> pounds domestic and I.BB6.ooo pounds for
eign, making a total of 6.790,000. against a total
of 4,970, for the previous week and a total
of 1.128.000 for the corresponding week last
year. Sales since January 1, 1899. amount to
73.695,300 pounds, against 43,538,810 pounds last
year at ihls time.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 3.— The second day of the
wool auction series opened to-day with a large
attendance. The offerings numbered 13,523
bales. Scoured merinos and fine crossbreds
Showed a hardening tendency, the French buy
ers buying the majority offered. Merinos and
fine crossbreds showed animation, with York
shire paying 5 per cent above the prices real
ized yesterday. The continental buyers secured
a large number of merinos.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, May The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California cherries at auction to-day
as follows: Black Tartarian-. $7 12.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., May 3.-Exchanges. 8358.
--620; balances. $132,964.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. May 3.-Wheat- Walla
Walla, 53c; Valley. 69060 c; Bluestem, 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. May 3.-There was no
change la the wheat market to-day. local quo
tations remaining without particular feature
at 58% c for Club. fir-*.- for tlluestem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
IXSNDON. May Consols, 110 7-16; silver,
28% d; French rentes, 102f 15c; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on pas
sage, rather easier; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s
»d; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, May 3— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, quiet; French country markets,
steady.
COTTON— Upland*, 3 11-32 d.
HEAT— Spot, No. 1 red Northern Duluth,
firm. 6s 3d. Futures, quiet. May, 6s 9%d;
July, 5s R^d; September, os B%d.
CORN— Spot. American mixed, new, steady,
Ss nd; American mixed, old, 3s fid. Futures,
steady. July, 3s 5%d; September, 3s 6%d.
local Markets.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars — 50®C-0%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago was firmer on the strength
of better foreign advices. The local market
was also firm, but dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@1 10; milling,
$1 12%-?1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December. 18,
--000 ctls, $1 14%.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 14%;
4000. $1 14-... ; 6000, $1 14%. Mav— 2ooo. $107.
Regular Morning Session -No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls
$1 14%.
BARLEY— Trade continues at a standstill
nod quotations show no change.
Feed. $] 02*4@1 05; Brewing. $1 07'_'i?l 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— l2,ooo ctls.
S7%c: 10.000. K7%e. December— 2ooo, 91<4c.
Regular Morning Session Seller ' 99 new— 2ooo
ctls, .*>7%e; 2000, S7%c.
Afternoon Session Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls :
87%e; 2000, 5,7140. ■
OATS-Ofterlngs are light and the market
continues firm.
Fancy Feed, fl 45<?1 47% per ctl: good to
choice, $1 40*51 45; common, $1 32U'_1 37%; Sur
prise. $1 45rtl 50; Gray. $1 ".: ■. l 40; Milling
51 42%-? l 47*. per ctl; Red. $1 32%W1 87".; Black,
$1 3061 35.
CORN There is no further change to report, ;
except that offerings of small round yellow and
white are rather larger.
Small round Yellow. $1 27%-Jl 32',; Eastern!
large Yellow. $1 12%f<1l 17.. White. $1 12%*51 15; !
mixed, Jl c.'.'-Tl U% per ctl; California White,
nominal.
RYE— 97%cfssl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Nomina].
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60't*3 77.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40' : i3 50; Oregon j
and Washington, ■*:: 40*T3 45 per bbl for extra. '
$3 25*73 40 for bakers' and $2 30@2 70 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $'. 27. per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 SO; extra '
I cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50*?! 75;
I Oat Greats. $4 75; Hominy, $8 25*73 60; Buck-
I wheat Flour, $4fj4 .7; Cracked Wheat. $3 77,;
! Farina, $4 70; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled I
I Oats [barrels), $6 56*96 95; in sacks, $6 3556 75;
I Pearl Barley, 35; Split Peas. {4 30;. Green Peas, '
j {5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay continue liberal and the
I market is still depressed in consequence. The
cargo of new Alfalfa which came in Tuesday
j sold at $5 per ton, and not as previously re-
I ported.
Rolled Barley is lower.
BRAN — $15 7.0616 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS $17 50(520 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, $22 50023 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31*. 31 50; Job
bing. $32*7*32 50; lanut rake. $24£25; Cotton- :
seed Meal. $2S"_t3o per ton: Cornmeal, $23 'Ji<fi
' 24 50; Cracked Corn, $24*3*25; Mixed Feed. $15 50
©16 50.
HAY— Wheat, $12'_13 for good to choice and
$lTfll for lower grade?; Wheat and Oat. F>fi I
$12: Oat, $9011; Barley, $7(3)9; Alfalfa. $5*37.
STRAW- 20®50c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Prices for all kinds remain unchanged and
the demand is slow.
BEANS— Hay. . $1600160; Small White, $2
Qt 16; Large Whites. $1 6001 60; Pinks. $1 SS®
1 95; Reds. $3 50; Blackeye. 4'<_4 10; Butters,
nominal; Llmas, $4; Pea. $2 2502 40; Red Kid
neys, $2 40192 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 21403 c: Flax. $202 10; Canary Seed,
2»4c per lb; Alfalfa. R*_*i9*_e; Rape, 3ff3*_c;
Hemp. 4'S4 l^r: Timothy, 4"» 4 'ffisV'e.
DRIED PEAS— Nllea, $1 7502; Green, $2 10@
2 35 per ctl.
———————
POTATOES. ONIONS AND ; VEGETABLES.
Receipts were MS boxes Asparagus, 399 boxes
Rhubarb, 407 sacks Peas, 69 sacks Beans and
60S sacks Potatoes.
Potatoes and Onions continue weak. Aspar
agus Is doing better. New Potatoes are In
larger receipt.
Early Tomatoes have been damaged some
what In several localities by recent frosts.
POTATOES 25©1 60 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1400160 for River Burbanks; Oregon, $1 150
1 30 for seed and $1 5091 HO for large; New Po
tatoes. 1*402*40 per lb.
ONIONS— for fair and .57.0-?$l per ctl
for good to choice; new. 45*5 60 c per sack for
Red.
VEGETABLES Asparagus, 75c'?Sl 50 per box
for No. 2. $1 7502 for No. 1 and $2 2502 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb. 40076 c per box for the gen
eral run and Rsc*_sl for fancy; Green Peas, 2*.
'.?3.. for common and 3*_c for Garden; String
Beans from Los Angeles, 4'ri6c for green and
5*J for Golden Wax; String Beans from Va
cavllle. 608 c; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes. $1 2b(tl2
per box: Egg Plant, 10c per lb; Garlic, 20c per
lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10c;
Green Peppers. 12V4025c; Carrots. 250350 per
sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, 40e'T$l per dozen;
Sacramento Cucumbers, 40050 c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, 7V_ol2>_c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at 15c for Tur
keys. $7 for Ducks, $2 50 for Geese. $606 50 for
Hens, ?S for young Roosters and $6 for old do.
There Is no more Eastern expected this week.
Local stock continues weak, owing to the
liberal supplies from the East.
POULTRY- Live Turkey-., 13014 c for Gob
blers and 13*3140 for Hens; Geese, per pair, $150
CJ72; Goslings, $2 2502 50; Ducks. $6 5006 50 for
old and *7^*: for young; Hens, $4*75; young
Roosters, $7.C: old Roosters, $4 5005; Fryers.
$606 50; Broilers. $4 5006 50 for large, $2 500
3 50 for small: Pigeons. $2*3.25 per dozen for
old and $2 2502 7.0 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All descriptions tinder this head are quiet,
with ample supplies for all Immediate needs.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. I6V4c; seconds,
16". ''■-"'':■;£ ' '
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 13@14*.c;
store, llfi 12c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10<ftl0*_c; old.
9*_e; Young America, 11012 c; Eastern, l)', :i'.,'
EGGS— Quoted at 14V&015C for store and 15V4<3'
1614 c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 886 boxes Cherries and 635
chests Strawberries.
Arrivals of Cherries and Strawberries con
tinue to Increase, but a good demand keep- the
market steady. Cherries are selling remarka
bly well this year. Gooseberries are steady.
j Six crates of Apricots came In and sold slowly
at $1 5002 per crate.
citrus fruits stand about the same, the mar
: ket being quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 oOig-2 50 for fair to good and $3@3 50
for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 25_"35c per drawer
! and 60975 c per box; Blackberries. $2 per crate;
, Strawberries. 4'.i7 p. chest for small and $3®4
i for large berries.
I Cherries, 50@75c for red, 60@85c for white and
: 75c*a$l 50 per box for black; black ln bulk sold
at 7. i I2^_c per lb.
• CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 .Vi_3 25
j per box; Seedlings, $l©2; Mediterranean Sweets.
I $1 50©2; lemons, $1 25@1 50 for common and
$202 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes,
i $« 50©7; California Limes 65<JfS5c per small box;
; Grape Fruit. $1 5002 50; Bananas. $1 5002 50 per
bunch: Pineapples, $2(g4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NETS AND RAISINS.
The market shows no change whatever.
DRIED FRUITS-Prunes, 7c for 40-30' s. 5@ '
I 5%c for 60-60' 4@4%c for 60-70's. 3%<g3%c for !
70-SO's. 2*fc93ttc for 80-So's. 2%'§'2%c for 00-100's |
and 2@2%c for 100-110' Peaches, B%@'9%c for j
good to choice, 10^ 10".c for fancy and for I
peeled; Apricots. 12*.015 c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 909<4c; sun
dried. 6%(ft7%c: Black Figs, Backs, «c; Plums, j
nominal 2c for unpltted and 4%@6c lor pitted; |
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4\c for three- ;
crown, "I*4o for four-crown. 4?4©6c for Seedless 1
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20 j
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 1*403..
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, Eoßc
for hardshell, lOtglle for softshell: Almonds. X® ]
9c for hardshell. |2@lßc for softshell, 14^ 16c for I
paper_jj_ell ; Peanuts, 6'rf7c for Eastern and 4V_.@ j
5c for California; Cocoaunts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, lOftllc for bright and R«9c I
for lower grades; water white extracted, T^lr
7'.jc; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 54fi'_c :
per lb.
BEESWAX- 27 -1 27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Sc per lb for heavy.
B%@9c for light medium, 10%fillc for light. 12c
for extra light and 12%©13 c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; California
Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra Mess
Beef, $14: Family Beef, $I*^ls 50; extra prime
Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess. $16; Smoked
Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5*605% C per lb for
compound and 7%@7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 8c: 10-lb tins, S%c; 6-Ib tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces 6%<g6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, SVjc;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 ln a
case, B%c: 10-lb palls. 6 In a case. B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7 vie; wooden buckets, 20 i
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted-
Bteers, 10c: medium. 909ftc; light. B%c: Cow
hides. 9c; Stags. 6/f?6%c; Salted Kip, 9c: Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. lfic; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 150L5Kc; dry Calf. 17c;
! Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35^i60c each; medium. 70090 c; long Wool,
Soc@sl 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25 for
large and $1 for small: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%®4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%*54 c; refined. ; grease, lc.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months. 7 / a9c: year's staple, 6@Sc:
Foothill and Northern Free, 10@12c; Foothill
and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada, S@llc.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6%*_FBe
Southern 4%®7c
Plains 4 -..6c
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10011 c per lb for ordinary,
12012*£ c for good and 13@15 for choice to fancy
from first hands. ■ . .'
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue very firm and scarce. Or
dinarily at this time of the year Dairy Hogs
com,, in freely from the South, but there are
no receipts from that quarter this year, the
only arrivals being from Sonoma and Marin
counties.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF 7%!f**.%c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c: small, 7%*JBc per lb.
MUTTON- -Wethers. 7%'fSc; Ewes, 7©7MtC per
! lb.
LAMB— Spring. B*.olOc per lb.
PORK Live Hogs. s*.®'s*»j,c for small. 5%*7!
5%c for medium and I _<§s'_c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4*_@sc; dressed Hugs, 7
08«, c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS- Calcutta Grain Bags, 6%c for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26028 c; San yuentin
; Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, t 1 " per ton; New Welling
l ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, ;,; ;
1 Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
; Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $S 50 in bulk and J. 50 :
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs an.i Castle
I Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and »14 ,
tn BSCKS.
SUGAR— Prices are higher. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, terms net cash
in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine
rushed, s : *io; Powdered, .'-V-. Candy Granu
lated, .'V : Dry Granulated, 514 c; Confection
! ers' A, 5%c: California A, sc: Magnolia A, 4 T ,c.
Extra C, 4%c; Golden C, t"_c; barrels. l-16c
more; half barrels, %c more; boxes, %c more;
50-lb bags, %c more. No order taken for less
i than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. May 3.
Flour, qr sks 12.230 Sugar, sks 6,535
! IS heat, ctls 56,706 Sugar, bbls (,0
j Barley, ctls 500 Lime, bbls 226
Torn, ctls 400 Quicksilver, fiks. 118
I Theese, ctls 17.1 Leather, rolls 201
j Butter, ctls 303 .Vine, gals 51.800
1 Tallow, ctls 215 Eggs, doz 25.590
Beans, jks 1,000 Hay, tons ,',1.;
Potatoes, sks.. .. 74:. .Straw, tons 25
Anions, sks 474 Wool, bales 456
Bran, sks 900 Pelts, bdls r~:.
Middlings, sks.... 915 Hides, no 531
Tin. biUbii MAnAHiT.
The only change worthy of note on the morn- ;
ing session of the Bond Exchange was an ad
vance in Gas and Electric to $73. Hawaiian
Commercial was steady at $128.
On the afternoon call Gas and Electric sold
up to $73 75, Oceanic to *v, and Contra Costa
Water to $72. Hawaiian Commercial was a
fraction oft at $127 50.
Mining stocks were dull at the old quotations.
I The telegram from the pump said: "Elevator
working steadily. "jVater in the 1750-foot level
winze is 39 feet 8 Inches below the station."
At the annual meeting of the Consolidated
Imperial Mining Company 288,000 shares were
represented out of 500,000 shares of capital
stock, 100,000 shares being In the company's
treasury and the remaining 112,000 shares being
outstanding. The old directors were re-elected,
Including James Newlands, J. p. Martin James
Newlands Jr., C. L. McCoy and Maurice
Schmltt. James Newlands was elected presi
dent, J. P. Martin vice president, C. L McCoy
secretary and W. E. Sharon superintendent.
The sales of stocks on the Bond Exchange In
April were the heaviest ever known, being
84.589 shares, against 45,169 in April, 1898. The
sales during the first four months of the year
were 275,160 shares, against 182,053 for the same
time last year. The sales of bonds In April
were $627,700, against $254,000 In April, 1898 and
for the first four months of the year 509 SOO
against $1,433,600.
The dividend paid by the Argonaut mine at
Jackson, Amador County, on April 26, was the
fifteenth of $20,000 each, making a total of $300 -
000 to that date.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of 5 cents
per share, payable on the 15th.
The Gas Consumers' Association will pay a
dividend of 15 cents per share this month
The annual meetings of the Sterling, Goleta
and Mont-. Ito mining companies have been i
called for May 17.
The Justice Mining Company reports a cash
balance of $1008 in its treasury,
A meeting of the stockholders of the Central I
North Star Mining Company of Grass Valley
has been called for the purpose of voting Upon
a proposition to dissolve the corporation
At the annual meeting of the Justice Mining
Company 103,195 of the 105,000 shares of capital
stock were represented, and the old manage
ment was re-elected, with A. Waterman H
ZTadlg, K. E. Kelly, William Barman and E P
Barrett as directors; August Waterman presi
dent; R. E. Kelly, secretary; Clayton Belknap
superintendent. According to the- report of the
superintendent during the year they hoisted 27**
tons of ore at the Barclay shaft, of which ISO
tons was milled at the Douglas and Taylor
mills, yielding In bullion as follows: Gold
$5429 10; silver. $2848 33; total. $7777 42 Of the
ore hoisted at the Barclay shaft they still have
on the ore ump 69 tons of the assay value of
$7 50 In gold and $9 86 In silver per ton and
also about 1100 tons of second --class ore, the car
sample of which showed its assay value to be
$5 63 in gold and **, 78 in silver per ton
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
has declared a dividend of 10 cents, payable
May 24.
, STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 3-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask
Bonds— iEquit G L Co. 7". Si
4s quar coup.. 114 - Mutual El Co. 16*4 1714
4s quar new.. — 129*. Oakland Gas.. 45 46&
4s quar new. .129 130 I Pac Gas Imp.. 72>* 73»_
Is quar coup... 107 107*. ! Pa.- L Co .. . — " 4*, i*
Miscellaneous— S F G A EL... 73*4, 7:; *4
C'al-st Cab ns.llfiVj — San Fran 31. 3\
Cal Elec L 6s. 1 25 127*. Stockton Gas,. — ' 13<_
C C Wat 55. ...11 l — ! Insurance—
Dup-st ex c...- — Flrem's Fund. 22l —
E LAP (a... .130 135 Bank Stocks—
F& CI Ry 65.116 — Anglo-Cal .... - 6714
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Cal:. 2s7 >_ —
H C& S 5%e.102*_ - Cal S D &T. - 95%
L A Ry 5«.... 105*4 — First Nation!. .22o —
LA L Co (is. MP. - ].on P & A... - 131".
Do gntd fis. .101*.— Mer Exchange— 16
Market-st 65... 128 — Nev Nat 8k..180 —
Do Ist M 65. 117 — Pavings Banks-
NCN Glt 75.10S — Ger S & L.. - 1630
N Ry c„l fis ..n;, _ Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal R5.. 113*4114 Mutual Say.. — 41".
NP<* R R fis. lo3 — S F Say U.. 500 -
N Cal R R 58.108". — S& L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55. ..110 111". Security S B 300 350
Om C Ry fis .127.'. — (Union T Co. — 1465
P & Cl Ry 65. 107 108 Street Rallroads-
P &O 6s 117 - 'California 115*_117
Powell-st 65... — 122". Geary 67". —
Sac El Ry ss. — — Market-st 62*. 62%
3Fft N r 6a. - 115*. Oak BLft H. - —
BF4S JV6b.llß*_l_6 i Presidio 12 —
SierraßCal 65..10S - , Powder—
91* of Ar 65..113%114 California .... — 190
3PC 6s (1905)111 — E Dynamite... - 100
BPC 6s (1906) - — j Giant Con Go. 71% 72
SPC 6s (1912) — — Vigorit 3 3%
SPCIs eg 55. 105 — I Sugar—
BPBr 6s 123%124 Hana P C 0.... 17 17%
S V Water i.s.i_..-,,ii7 Haw C& ? C.127%128
S V Water 45.103%103% Hutch S-p Co. 35% 35%
S V W45(3dm).102% — Kilauea S Co. 32% 32%
Stktn Gas b5..10i% — Paauhau S P. 42 —
Water Stocks— I Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 72 72% Al Pac Assn. .llo% —
Marin Co M — JGer Ld Wk5..25«. —
Spring Valley. 100%100% Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic 8 Co.. 84% *•.*.'- 4
Capital Gas... - — Pac A F A... 1% l\
Central G Co.. — — pac C BorCo.lll —
Cent L & P... — 8 Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
$1000 Contra Costa Water bonds 11100
225 Contra Costa Water 71 62%
225 Contra Costa Water 71 50
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 37%
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
17.. Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 128 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 35 12%
$1000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds... 105 20
100 Mutual Electric Light : 16 75
DO Mutual Electric Eight 16 87%
50 Paauhau S P Co 42 12%
$10,000 Park & Cliff H 6 per cent bonds. .lo7 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 72 00
I.*. S F Gas & Electric Co 72 50
50 S F Gas & Electric- Co 72 77.
85 S F Gas & Electric C 0... 72 »7%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 00
$10,000 S F & S J V bonds .....115 87%
$4000 S P of A bonds '• SO
107, S V Water WO -0
150 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Street— ■- '-'. *'
$15,000 S V 4 per cents (3d mtge) 102 lo
50 Equitable Ga5....: *00
Afternoon Session.
Board— „
40 Contra Costa Water «1 i*»
420 Contra Costa Water 72 °v
25 Equitable Gas ? 00
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 12i 50
300 Hutchinson S P C 0... jo .0
800 Kilauea Sugar Co 32 50
375 Market-st Railway «2 -0
25 Market-st Railway * 2 **-'%
25 Market-st Railway, cash ■*: <»■_
100 Mutual Electric Light 1' 00
$4000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds... 113 lo
50 Oceanic S S Co 84 87%
100 Oceanic S S Co &> 00
100 Paauhau S P Co « ft «
40 S F Gas & Electric Co •'• 50
185 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 75
5 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 73 62%
$1000 S P of A bonds 113 50
12S V Water MO 86
30 Vigorit Powder 3 00
$I'«> i: S 3 per cent bonds 108 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board— „ ;„
25 Hutchinson S P Co 85 12*.
10 Hutchinson S P Co jo 2->
40 Hana Plantation Co L 3<"_
30 Spring Valley • 100 50*
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 102 Si".
25 Contra Costa Water <1 50
_ - , "--"■••' i -".:■.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2". Equitable Gas 8 00
10 Paauhau S P Co ** ??
20 Giant Powder Con « «
25 Giant Powder Con -, _i,
50 Contra Costa Water '1 *>_.■_
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 11 1"0 Con < 'al & V...1 80
100 Belcher 88 100 Confidence So
50 Best & Belcher 59 300 Mexican *"
100 Caledonia 36 100 Ophlr 135
100 Challenge 37 1000 Potosi -.
100 Challenge 381 100 Standard 2 .*»
Afternoon Session.
100 Chollar 33 200 Hale & Norcrs. 27
200 Confidence So 400<*phlr 1 30
300 Crown Point... 22 1 s'") Overman 14
100 Gould A Curry. 39 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 89 500 Ophlr 132*4
1200 Best & Belcher 60 1 600 Ophlr 130
200 Best & Belcher 59 300 Ophlr 135
300 Crown Point... 22 200 Overman 14
300 Gould & Curry. 39 200 Sierra Nev... 102 V*.
300 Mexican «li 400 Utah 12
200 Mexican 60!
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 0. 300 Hale & Norcrs. 26
600 Andes 11 800 Hale & Norcrs. 27
500 Best & Belcher CO 2'"' Mexican 60
300 Best & Belcher 59 700 Mexican 59
50 Challenge Con. 37 800 Ophir 1 720,
550 Challenge Con. 3* 800 Potosi 27
400 Con Col & VM 77» _ i 200 Savage 27
50 Confidence 8!>! 200 Seg Belcher.... 03
300 Crown Point... 23 800 Yellow Jacket.. 46
500 Gould & Curry. 3S
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Hid. Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Kentuck '.'4 00
; Alta 08 10 Lady Wash... 01 02
Andes 10 12 ilexiean 59 61
Belcher 38 39 Accidental 33 —
Best & Belcher 53 59 ' • I.'o 135
I bullion — 03 Overman 13 14
Aledonla 36 38 Potosi 26 27
I ■hollar 32 33 Savage 26 27
I Challenge Con. 36 37 scorpion — 03
""onfldence 84 90 -"eg Belcher 02 03
-on Cal & V...1 77. 1 SO Sierra Nev 1 00 1 03
""on Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill - "7
Trown Point... 22 23 -"yndlcate 05 —
' '..n New York. 02 — standard 2SO —
1 Exchequer 02 03 St Louis 06 —
I Uould & Curry. 3S 3* Union Con 50 51
Hale & Norcrs. 27 28 Utah — 12
I Julia 02 03 fellow Jacket.. 4.'> 46
Justice 21 23
E.EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sophie Federleln to Mary Me.lls (wife of Jo
seph), lot on S line of Oak street, 73 E of
Ashbury, E 25 by S 137:6; $1".
John C. Ludwlg (Insolvent, by D. E. Besec
ker, assignee) to John C. Ludwlg. lot on W line
of Capp street, 220 N of Twenty-third, N 20
by W 122:6; $10.
Frank S. Hicks, Warren B. English and
Arthur Rodgers to Alice M. or Alice and Ethel
B. or Ethel Hager, lot on N line of Sacramento
street. 100 E of Front. E 20 by N 60; also undi
vided half Interest in lot on NW line of King
street. 137:6 NE of Third, NE 68:9 by NW 137:6;
also lot on SW corner of Twenty-second avenue
and J street. S 600, W 162:1. N 30 degrees E
601:7, E 118:1; also lot on NE corner of L
street and Fifteenth avenue, N 131:4, S 79 de
grees 30 minutes, E 194, N 12:4, S 79 degrees 30
minutes E CO. S 132. W 255; also lot on NE
corner of Nineteenth avenue and O street, N
200 by E 240; all property In California outside
San Joaquin; $5.
Charles E. and Charles W. Haseltine and
W. Rlgby Jr. (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner
to Bank of California, lot on BE corner of
Green and Sansome streets, E 137:6 by S 54;
$6236.
Henry E. and Lottie J. Bothln to Robert S.
Knlcht, lot on NE line of Snear street, 183:4
NW of Folsom. NW 45:10 by NE 137:6; $10.
Mary Keegan to Nicholas and Alice Sig
glns. lot on SE line of Tehama street, 425 SW
of First. SW 37:6 by SE 75; $10.
Jens M. Peterson to Andrew L. Edwards, lot
on NE corner of Twelfth avenue and I street.
E 45 by N 100; $1".
George E. Ackerson to Mary E. Ackerson
(wife of George), lot on W line of Eighteenth
avenue. 90 N of M street, N 105 by W 120; gift.
Stanford Addition Land Company to Walton
Saunders, lots 28 to 4S. block 132, lots 1 to 12, 14
to 16, IS. 19, 21. 22 to 24. 26, 27 and 30, block 134,
Sunnyride Addition No. 1; $10.
Same to same, lots 6, 40, 41 to 44. block 130,
same: $100 d. .
Same to same, lots 1 to 6, 9 to 18. block 9,
lots I to 7, 10 to 17, block 10, same; $10.
Jacob and Una Eteyman to Patrick and Ho
rn.rah Sullivan, lot 49, Holiday Map A; $10.
Frank C. Rowell to Miller & Lux (a corpo
ration), lots 13 and 36, block 264, ON. and H.
Tract: grant. ''■". _, ■-; "< 77 :
George F. and Susan Hill to Michael C. and
Delia B. Mahony. lot on N line of Green street,
168:8 W of Octavla. W 29:6 by N 137:6; $10.
Charles Alpers and J. G. W. Schulte (surviv
ing trustees of the Germanla S. and B. Union)
to Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on
S line of Wallet- street. 131:3 W of Fillmore, W
125 by S 120 (quitclaim deed): $1.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Mary
J. Claasen, lot on S line of Waller street, 131:3
W of Fillmore, W 25 by S 120; $1500.
Estate of Thomas O'Day (by E. Crist, admin
istrator) to Fabian S. Joost, lot on SE corner
of Harrison and Dore streets, S 70 by E 30;
&150- - - ,
Mary A. Hogan (by Charles T. Spader, com
missioner! to John Center, lot on W line of
Capp street. 40 X of Twenty-second. N 20, W
100. N 100, W 22:6. 8 40, B 122:6; $1779.
Melissa A. Potter (wife of Jesse S. Potter)
to Harriet H. Ncwklrk (wife of Daniel I.
Newkirk), lot on E line of Mission street, 243
S of Twenty-third, S 25 by E 122:6; $10.
Marietta and C. H. Douglas to Isabelle T.
Hadley (wife of M. L. Hadley), lot on E line
of Shitwell street, "05:6*. S of Twenty-fifth,
S 27:10*.; by E 115; $10. _.._._
Charles W. Welch to Margaret Welch, lot on
S line of Thirtieth street. 75 W of Dolores, W
70. BE to point, E to point. Is 114; $10.
Herman G. and Minna Lackmann to William
Meins lot commencing 117:6 of S line of Sacra
mento street and 70 W of Jones. W 67:6 by S
20' also right of way over alleyway on S line
of' Sacramento street, 128:9 W of Jones, S 117:6
I.*- w 8:9; $io.
'Estate of Selim Franklin (by William A.
Hiester administrator) to Charles S. Wheeler,
nil Interest in lot on SE line of Berry street,
81-8 SW of Fifth. SW 45:10 by SE 275; also all
interest in lot on E corner of Townsend and
Sixth streets. SE 137:6 by NE 137:5; $199.
Belle E. Miller (Hovey) to Major Conway,
lot on W line of Douglass street, 223 N of Ocean,
road N 75 by AA' 150 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company to E. W. Scott,
lot on W line of Rhode Island street, 79:6 N of
Twentieth (Napa), N 170:6 W 98, SAA* ISO, S
3 E 201 (quitclaim deed): $1.
Frederick E., Emilie M., John E. and Nelly
C. Mason to same, same (quitclaim deed); $1.
Alameda County.
R. S. and Sally E. Kitchener to. Ernest A.
Heron, lot 13, block I. Linda Vista Terrace,
map 2, Oakland; $10.
Philip M. and Annette W. Walsh to John
J. Allen, lot on W line of Chestnut street, 96
N of Fourteenth, N 31, W 104, S 27, E 50, S 4.
E 64 to beginning, Oakland; $1.
C. E. and Lena C. Frlsble to Felix Peano,
lot on SE line of First avenue, 100 BW of
East Twelfth street. SW 25 by SE 150, block
27, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Felix Peano to C. E. Friable, lot on N line
of Saratoga avenue. 160 W of Orchard street.
W 40 by N ISO, being lot 12, block A. amended
map of Moss Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
R. O. and Mary Gray to v 11. Sargent, lots
37 to 53, 98 to 106, map of resubdlvtslon of lots
1 to 11 of Baker subdivision of lot I. Yoakum
Tract, Brooklyn Township (subject to mortgage
for $300*.); $10.
Matilda A. Daly (wife of James E. Daly) to
F. A. Losh, lot on E line of Bassetl street, 135
S from S line of county road. Oakland to San
Leandm. _ 50 by E 125. being lot 3. block 774.
Levy Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
American Bank and Trust Company to Wil
liam W. Worden, lot on N line of Orchard
street, 370 W of Summit, being also distant
267.19 E from E line of Telegraph avenue, W
70, N 258.84, ES 70, S 258.10 to beginning, being
lot 7, block B, Armes Tract. Oakland; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Johanna A. Slattery (owner) with Douglass
A Campbell (contractors), architect J. F. Dunn.
All work except plumbing, painting, tiling.
mantels, gas fixtures and window shades for
a two-story and basement frame building on
N line of Union street, 84:6% E of Octavla,
E 25 by N 110, Western Addition 168: $3173.
Louis Friedlander (owner) with James 1.
Wilson and J. F. Long (contractors), archi
tect L. Friedlander. Grading, brick work.
plastering, painting, plumbing, electrical, con
crete and Iron work for a two-story frame
building (flats) on 9 line of Oak street. 49:. >
E of Central avenue (Lott), E 30. S 110. W
21:3%, NW 110:7. to beginning; $37.27.
Otto and Mary R. Kaiser (owners) with S.
B. Kress (contractor), architects Martens A
Coffey All work except mantels, gas fixtures
and shades for a two-story frame building on
SW corner of Baker and Greenwich streets,
50x100; $1882
Lulgl Legultto (owner) with De Martini &
Traversa (contractors), architects Deplerre &
Righettl. All work for a one-story frame
building on S line of Filbert street, 162:6 E
of Laguna, E 50 by S 137:6: $1875.
Till-; CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1899.
Su. Mo Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa.
I
1 18 < 5 6
; 8 V 10 11 iS j3
M 15 IS 17 18 18 20
ii 22 23 24 \ A 2« 27
z< ?.i ]»_ n
! Mooi> Phases.
ft? Last Quarter,
'ii- May 2.
OJ^ew Moon.
W May .'
-ifc Virr-i Quarter
3 May ir__
©Full Mo .
May 24.
/-7-Laßt Quarter,
(U. May 31
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc '
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and 1
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and ail matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, MAY 4.
Sun rises 5:09
Sun sets 7 : , 14
Moon rises 1:50 a. m.
r Time ITime| jTime! ;Time!
~ Ft. , Ft. Ft. Ft.
» 'I- W |H W L W ;H W
( ... 0:56 i 1.9 6 :55 i 4.8j 1:05 0.7j 7:49 5.7
? ... 1:56 : z B:M 4.8 1:56 1.0 B:2S 5.9
6 ... 1:49 \■> 2:39 1.4 r-:06 6.1
7 ...' 3:JB n.fi 10:16 5.0 3:20 1.8 9:44 6 \
%..:■■■- 11:0] 4.C- 4:01 2.1 10:20 « 4
!> ...' 507 0.8 11:55 4 v :■:!« 2 : 10:56 fi 4
: ■ 12:47| 4.7 r.,2" ■:.: 11:33 « 3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Co.. Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ls the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 3. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Fanta Rosa San Diego May 4
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 4
Aztec China and Japan May 4
Samoa |Humbolilt IMay 4
State of Ca1.... Portland.. A May 6
Belgian King.. China and Japan May 5
Moana Sydney May r>
Homer . 'Departure Bay 'May =>
Willamette iSeattle IMay 5
Arcata Coos Bay May 6
Empire Coos Bay May S
Titanla [Nanalmo May 6
Coos Bay Newport.. May 6
Crescent City.. Crescent City [May «
City of Peking. China and Japan May 6
Czarina Pujjet Sound May <>
Bristol IDeparture Bay May 6
Washtenaw iTacoma May 6
Aloha Point Arena May 7
Pomona [Humboldt |May 7
Walla Walla ... [Victoria & Puget Pound May 7
Coquille River. .'Grays Harbor May 7
Alliance Portland May "»
Corona ISan Diego 'May «
Mineoln. IXanaimo IMay 8
Acapulco Panama May 9
North Fork....lHumbol<lt 'May 9
Columbia 'Portland May 10
Bonlta I Newport May 10
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. J Destination.
Sails.
Pier. !
Bonita iNewport May 4. 9 amPler H
Australia ..'Honolulu May 4, I pmlPter T
Pomona Humbotdt.....|May 4. 2 pm Pier 9
Santa R->sn San r>i°Ko IMay fi. n am Pier 11
Amr-r MarulChina & Japan' May fi. i pm PMSS
Qupen '.Vie & Pfrt SrtJMay 6. in am Plpf 9
Pt. Arena. .jPolnt Arena. .'May fi, 3 pm'Pier 2
Curacao ...Mexico 'May 7. 10 am Pier 11
State Cal... [Portland May S. in am Pier 24
Cltjr of Parn!Panama 'May 8, 12 m PMSS
COM Ray. .. Newport 'May s, 9 am! Pier 11
Arcata ! Coop Pay May 9, in am' Pier 13
Corona iSan Pleßo IMay 10. 11 urn Pier 11
Alliance ...ICooa Rny May 11, S pm Pier 1^
Walla WalljVlc & rgt Bd.lMay 11, 10 mi Pier I
Columbia . . ' Portlnnr-1 May 13. in amJFlet 2(
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 3.
Stmr Sunol, Lleblg, 17 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 13 days from Clipper
ton Island.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 40 hours from Point
Conception.
Schr Coqullle, Pearson, 80 hours from Bowens :
Landing.
Schr Martha W Tuft, Johnson, 10 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Schr Guide, Olsen. 5 days from Wlllapa Har
bor.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. May 3
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son. . • ■
Russ bktn Behrlng, Aulin, Petropaulovskl;
Russian Sealskin Co.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson. "San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 3.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Manila, via Hono
lulu. .' . .-*;..
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Cleone, Hlgglns, Crescent City.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe. Seattle.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall. Eureka.
Stmr Weeott. Dunham. Tillamook.
Brig J D Spreckels. Christiansen, Mahukona.
Schr Maxim. Olsen. Caspar.
CHARTERS.
The R P Rithet loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Amelia loads lumber at Port Blakeley for
Honolulu; Guinevere, lumber at Port Hlakeley
for Valparaiso; Hercules, lumber on the Sound
for United Kingdom or Continent. 655; J M
Colman. coal at Nanaimo for St Michael; Mary
Wlnkelman, redwood at Eureka for Sydney.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 3. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind SW; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
April 15. lat 16 X. long 26 W— French bark.
Touralne, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LORlNG— Arrived April 21— Ship Slntram,
hence April 9.
PORT ANGELES— In bay May 3— U S stmr
Perry.
REDONDO— SaiIed May 3— Schr Jennie Stella,
for Grays Harbor.
REDFISH BAY Arrived April 16— Schr Pre
mier, hence April 5. April 21— Stmr Wigwam, 1
from Puget Bound >'■(,- «
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived March 24- Stmr f
Thistle, hence Man 10.
KARLUK- March 29— Stmr Afognak,
hence March 19.
PRINCE WILLIAMS SOUND Arrived April
22— Bark Charles B Kenney, hence March 15.
SEATTLE Sailed May 3— Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco; stmr Excelsior, for Alaska.
Arrived May 3— Jan war stmr Hlyel Kan,
from Esoulmalt.
MENDOCINO — Sailed May 3— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
ORCA— Arrived April 17— Bark J D Peters,
hence Mar. 24.
PORT GAMBLE Sailed May 3— Schr Orient,
for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed In May 3-Br stmr Wel
lington, hence April 30, for Nanaimo; schr
Bristol, from Nanaimo. for San Francisco..
EUREKA— SaiIed May 3-Stmr Samoa, for
; San Francisco.
I Arrived May 3— .-s. hr Bertha Dolbeer, from
| San Diego.
SAN PEDRO Bailed May 3— Stmr Sequoia.
' fcr San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 3-Stmr State of Call
fornia, for Ban Francisco; Br ship Balmoral,
for (.ueenstown.
TACOMA— Sailed May 2— Stmr Washtenaw,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 2-Stmr Advance,
. from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 30— Br ship Falls
of Afton, from Oregon; Hr ship Vincent, from
oma.
BARROW— Arrived April 29— Hr ship Sir
Robert Ferule, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG Balled May 2— Stmr China, for
San Francisco.
MANlLA— Arrived May 2— Stmr Cleveland,
'■■ hence March 20. via Honolulu.
NANAlMO— Arrived Mai 3— Br stmr Wye
field, hence April 27; stmr Mlneola, hence April
**9.
Sailed Mai- 3— Nor stmr Titania. for San
Francisco; SChr J M Colman. for Taooma.
ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 3— Stmr Maa*-Y
dam. for Rotterdam. • *
HONGKONG Arrived May 3, previously—
, Btmr Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu
and Yokohama; stmr Tacoma, from Tacoma,
i.i Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 2— Stmr Ultonia,
from Boston.
LONDON— Arrived May Stmr Manit<*>u,
from N.« York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May Btmr Ems,
from Naples.
i PHILADELPHIA — Arrived May 3 — Stmr
Italia, from Liverpool.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
Wg. ., wharf. San Francisco:
l3MB_9lB» For Alaskan ports, 10 a- m.,
f-sA-^aa. *■•"-'' *• 6 - *-• 16 ' 21 ' 2 *- 31:
__k _____E__^____s_ June 5; change at Seattle.
.Mn'-MB *-«ty Fur Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Jw___!£_-M1 r '• Port Townsend, Seattle.
K-*«3Jf~ I W9A Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
***■* 10 a. m.. May 1, 6. 11. 16, 21.
26. 31; June 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May 4.
9, 14. 19, 24. 29; June 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 4, 8, 12, 16. 20. 24, 28;
June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Ix*s Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. May 2. 6, 10. 14. 1«. 22. 26, 30; June 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalttf^
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Tth of each Ji
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hn'"-s nf sailing
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS fr CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-ttreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF $ 12 First Class Including Berths
IMfi-. S8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia rails April 23; May 3. 13, 23.
State of California sails April 23. May S.
I*. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
_. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS __ CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOES, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI*
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever'- Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3«'t. Lovls May 24
Paris May Id f Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnd Antwerp.
from New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Noordland May 3 Westernland May 24
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Scuthwark May 17 'Noordland Juno 7 .
EMPIRE LINE. A
6enttlo. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. In. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received oa board on day
of sall'ng.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Pr~~,P9V& The s - s - Australia
rjttjHHjr 'alls for Honolulu
S*£J-.._«e. Thursday, May 4, at
._/'T-~" > \ S. 8. Moana sails
ilf_MSnin-J v,a Honolulu and
Q)IC.II!JII1^ Auckland for Sydney-
(OWflWlcb- Wednesday, May li
V^illfJUll-T at , 0 p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Offlce. 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERAL. TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. *tj*sC|t>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of **"■ - v -*-"»
Morton st LA NORMANDIE. May
6; LA CHAMPAGNE. May 13; LA HHETAGNE.
May 20#LA TOURAINE. May 27; LA GAS-
CCGNE, June 3. Ftrst-Clais to Havre. $60 and
upward, 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowlinss
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & C__*
Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.. Ban
Francisco.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK -ROTTERDAM, VIA Bou-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300), STATENDAM (10,500). First Cabin. $50
upward; Second Cabin. $37.
Saloon steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM.
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK * SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS-LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON-PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Act?. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
II * Montgomery st.. San Francisco. ■'•--.*
BAY AND HIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m,
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO,
Telephone Main 805. -
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." 1
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:47. AT
m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE SC«LIFE SENTENCE
FOR MURDERER
W. A. BRIDES
Proclaimed His Inno
cence to the Last.
♦ —
HE GETS THE FULL PENALTY
♦ —
HIS CASE WILL BE APPEALED
TO THE SUPREME COURT.
♦
Etta Brandes, the Accused Wife, Has
Been Discharged, the Testimony
at Hand Not Warranting
Her Trial.
O W. A. Brandes, convicted O
O by a ury on April lof murder O
O in the second degree for bru- O
O tally beating to death his 13- O
O year-old daughter, Lillian, in O
O Berkeley on November 19, O
O 1898, was to-day sentenced by Q
q Superior Judge Hall to im- q
(. prisonment in San Quentin q
q during the term of his natural q
q life, being the extreme pen- q
O alt y* O
q With upraised right hand, q
q his face ghastly pale and his q
q thin lips quivering, the con- q
q demned solemnly proclaimed q
0 his innocence in these words: q
q "Your Honor, lam not guilty q
q of this crime. May God strike q
q mi dead on this spot if I am q
q guilty of such a crime. lam a q
q victim of circumstantial cvi- q
O d O
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. May 3.
Prior to the passim** of sentence on Wil
liam A. Brandes. Judge Hall to-day lis
tened patiently to the arguments of At
torneys Sawyer and Bennett on motion
for a new trial. This proved a tedious
review, and frequently the court appeared
slightly annoyed.
Brandes' attorneys based their client's
right to a new trial upon errors in the
court's instructions, improper conduct of
the jurors and the prosecution; that there
was no evidence to warrant a verdict of
murder ln the second degree, since no
malice had been shown; and that the
photographs made by E. R. Jackson,
which purported to portray the bruises
on the dead girl's body, should not have
been admitted.
The defense also submitted affidavits of
Attorney Bennett to the effect that Jurors
B. S. Marston, A. L. Brown. A. A. Jonas,
A. J. Long and Philip Sieben had stated
to him that from the testimony and at the
time of the verdict they did believe that
Lillian Brandes came to her death by
blows delivered upon her head by "VV. A.
Brandes, but at the time of the delivery
of these blows they (the jurors) did not
believe the defendant had malice or
hatred of or against Lillian; but that the
blows were delivered without intent to
kill and that in the cause of correcting
her defendant had beaten her more than
he Intended:
These affidavits Judge Hall ruled in
admissible, saying that the only Instance
in which verdicts might be thus im
peached is in tbe case of lance verdicts.
It had also been claimed by Brandt at
torneys that there was no evidence to
..how that a deadly weapon had been
used. The court on this point held that
It had been shown that the girl had been
struck on the bead with something pro
ducing meningitis. As to the question of
malice, the court said it was shown be
yond all question of doubt that the de
fendant believed his daughter had stolen
$15. and this created the provoking
cause of malice. The evidence supports
the jury in its conclusion of malice afore
thought. The introduction of the photo
graphs the court held was merely a
method of describing objects and was
clearly admissible. In conclusion Judge
Hall denied the motion for a new trial and
commanded Brandes to stand up.
Brandes, who had been seated beside
his wife, Etta Brandes. and their little
son. Milton, arose and stepped directly in
front of the clerk's desk and below the
Judge's bench. Judge Hall then briefly
reviewed the facts of Brandes' case, de
claring that the jury that tried him had
been selected with (Treat care and were
men of exceptionally high character; that
the case had been carelully presented and
the conduct of the attorneys for the State
had been fair and humane. In conclusion
Judge Hall said:
it now remains for me to pronounce the
Judgment of the law. I will not worry you
by detailing the circumstances of the case
GRAPE-NUTS.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
■ ■
12 B
g Can You Use |
B A GOOD Set a
B B
B B
[ OF Brains? I
B fl
B B
I GRAPE-NUTS I
B B
B B
.3 B
J™ Are made of food elements J
■ that tend directly to re- p
■ build the brain.
B B
□ B
13 B
8888888888888888888888
A BRAIN MAKER.
If one cares for good, sturdy health
with which to build up a business or
peacefully and happily conduct a
household, attention must be paid to
the food. Bad food, or good food poor-
ly cooked, causes dyspepsia, poorly
nourished bodies and general irritation.
People ho use Grape-Nuts for
breakfast can depend op having the
highest quality of nourishment, and
that perfectly cooked, for the food is
finished at the factory and goes into
the packages crisp, fully cooked and
ready for Instant use with either hot
milk or cream or with cold thick cream
or syrup.
Either form gives a delicious dish
hat one craves morning after morning,
and brain-workers notice a distinct
gain in mental power, for the delicate
particles of natural phosphate of pot-
ash ken from the grains unites with
the albumen and goes directly to re-
build brain and nerve centers.
To find the proof in one's own body
is the best argument. * Try Grape-
Nuts ten days. A good sturdy set of
brains may start you into a great
career. , <
HER MANDOLIN WILL ENTRANCE
AUDIENCES OF THE OLD WORLD
MISS JULIA NOY Accepts a Most Flattering Offer
From Paris.
ALAMEDA, May Miss Julia Noy, one of the most prominent of Ala
meda's young society ladies, will depart Wednesday for Paris to, ac
cept a most flattering offer to take the part of first mandolin in a sep
tet organized by Professor Joseph Bancho, to give a series of concerts
in the French capital, to be followed by a professional tour throughout
the countries of Europe.
That Professor Sancho should find It to his advantage to send to
California for a mandolin player Wh.n he had the choice of the most expert
performers of the Old World is considered a flattering tribute to Miss Noy'S
talent as a musician. The young lady is a graduate of the Columbian
School of Art of San Francisco, and would have adopted the stage as a pro
fession long ago had it not been for the strenuous objections of her father.
Professor Sancho ''amp to California about ten years ago as a member
of the famous Spanish Students and remained In San Francisco until a year
ago as a teacher of the mandolin. Miss Noy was one of his pupils. He con
sidered her the most accomplished member of. his class and gave as his opin
ion that her equal as a mandolin player could not be found on the coast.
Professor Sancho went to Paris about a year ago. Recently he had offers of
concert engagements and he arranged for a season to begin May 14. He
wrote Miss Noy, asking her to join his company, but again her father's ob-.
jections stood in the way of accepting. To Intimate friends she confided that
she had determined to take advantage of the opportunity to go to Paris, and
that if her father could not be reconciled to her departure she would be
forced to defy his wishes.
Sunday Professor Sancho renewed his offer by cablegram, and Mr. Noy
finally consented that his daughter might satisfy her ambition. In the septet
Professor Sancho will play the bandurria, his wife the lute and Miss Say
the mandolin. The other instruments In the septet will be taken by French
and Spanish musicians. It is intended to make the organization one of the
leading of its kind in France, lf not in all Europe.
Miss Noy is the eldest daughter of W. H. Noy of 1536 Pay street. She is
a brunette of very striking features and figure. She Is about 21 years of
age and has resided in Alameda since childhood. Her skill as a musician
is well known here, where her playing has often been heard at public con
certs and social gatherings. She has been a popular figure in society, and
while her many friends regret that she is going to leave them, they rejoice
at her deserved good fortune in gaining so prominent and nattering a posi
tion in the musical world.
Suffice It to nay that in my judgment the
crime was amply proved and the verdict
of the Jury was Just, and the circumstances .
of the crime merit the judgment I am now
about to pronounce upon you.
It Is th" Judgment of this court that you,
W. A. I'randes. for a crime of which you
have been found guilty in this court, be
confined In the State's Prison at San Quen
tin for the term of your natural life. You
are now remanded to the custody of the
Sheriff for the execution of this Judgment.
Brandes' then raised his right hand and
1 proclaimed his Innocence in the words
given above, and, walking over to his wife
and son, embraced them and wept wildly.
< His case will be appealed to the Supreme
Court and a certificate of probable cause
staying execution of Judgment has been
1 Issued.
The matter of Etta Brandes, also
, charged with the murder of Lillian, was
then brought up on habeas corpus pro
ceedings, but on motion of District At
torney Allen she was forthwith dis
! charged and given her free*_om.
A SENATOR'S APOLOGY.
Samuel Braunhart Thought He Was
Superior to the Law, but Found
He Was Mistaken.
Owing to the fact that Senator Samuel
Braunhart, Port Warden, considered
himself superior to the law, the case of
Robert Mlnar, Frank Rodgers and W.
Harney, charged with cruelty to animals
by Secretary Hoibrook ln dragging cattle
on board ship by the horns Instead of by
slings, had to be postponed in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday till to-morrow.
Braunhart is the principal witness for
the prosecution, and wnen the case was
called Bailiff O'Connor shouted his name
three times at the door of the courtroom,
but he failed to respond. Another wit
ness explained to the Judge that Braun
hart had told him in the morning to be
sure and be In court, otherwise an at
tachment would be Issued against him;
but he was beyond that, and as he could
not attend the Judge would not dare is
sue an attachment against him.
' This statement not only surprised but
incensed the Judge, and he promptly or
dered an attachment Issued against
Braunhart and continued the case till to
morrow. The attachment was sent to the
harbor police station to be served, but
Braunhart got wind of it and hurried
AGED MRS. CLAPP
BURNED TO DEATH
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 90S Broadway, May 3.
MRS. RUTH (LAPP was burned to death to-day in West Oakland, as
the result of dropping a lighted coal oil lamp. Her husband, Dr.
Clapp, is partially paralyzed and was almost unable to help his aged
wife, even while she lay on the floor In fearful agony, with all her
clothes in flames. There is some doubt regarding the origin of the
fatality, as Mrs. Clapp died before she could give any explanation to her
husband, who was the only other occupant .of the house at the corner of
Chase and Campbell streets. Dr. Clapp says that he was ln the kitchen
preparing to light a fire, having left his wife in the bedroom. As she did
not appear he went to the room and found It to be full of smoke. After
opening the window, he saw his wife on the floor with her clothes on fire.
The woman had fallen on top of the lamp. Her husband, although partial
ly helpless, succeeded in subduing the flames and at once summoned help.
Several doctors responded, but the woman only lived till noon, never regain
ing consciousness.
"I cannot tell how It happened." said the sorrow-stricken husband; "but
as my wife was subject to fainting spells, I think one must have overtaken
her while carrying the lamp. She was unconscious when I found her in
flames on the floor and only for a moment did she appear to gain conscious
ness afterward. About an hour before her death I asked her if I should put
a pillow under her head, and she whispered. "No; it is no use.' That was
all she said." "'..""**'.-'
The Inquest will be held to-morrow night.
»»0»»P»»0*»0»»»-»0*»»»000»»0#»»»#»9»»»»»»t»»»<
THE SAN FBAN .CISCO! CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
to the City Hall. He saw Judge Gra
ham and apologized to him for not being
in attendance as a witness, and said he
meant no disrespect to the court. The
Judge accepted the apology and sent
word to the police to withdraw the at
tachment and save the Senator from the
indignity of being registered on the books
of the City Prison as a recalcitrant wit
ness.
THE LEAGUE DISPLEASED.
It Passes Resolutions Censuring the
Legislature for Not Electing
a Senator.
There was a warm time at the meeting
of the Continental League, which was
held it Saratoga Hall last night. Presi
dent F. D. Worth presided and there was
a large attendance of the members of
the club. The fun commenced when H.
S. Linnell, chairman of the finance com
mittee, proposed the following resolution:
Whereas, At the last general election held
in the State of California, In November. 1898,
the people of that State elected to the Legis
lature gentlemen who were pledged to elect
a succssor to the Hon. Stephen M. White, then
United States Senator. That having become
displeased with the said Senator they elected
those representing the Republican party. Hav
ing been in session seventy days they, tho
representatives of the people, failed to elect
such successor. Therefore, be It
Resolved. That the Contln'Sual League of
the city and county of San Francisco deplores
the action of said Legislature in not giving
to the State and to the administration a
United States Senator. That it considers those
member- of the legislature, who steadfastly
refused to enter into and abide by the de
cision of a party caucus, as false to their
trust In considering their own personal desires
to the obligation they owed their constituents
and the Republican party.
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
be spread upon the minutes and that a copy
be girt I to each of the dally papers.
After much discussion the resolutions
were adopt) d. The bylaws of the league
were changed so as to make the president
and the recording secretary active mem
bers of the executive committee. Twelve
new members were proposed and fifteen
elected. After some further routine busi
ness the league adjourned.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
PHELAN COULDN'T
STOP DEMOCRATS
BY TELEGRAPH
A Play for Harmony)
by Wire.
— — • —
A MEETING THAT WILL MEET
■ — — .
STATE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
GATHERS TO-DAY.
«
But the Heeney Appeal Will Proba
bly Go Over — Another
Primary Election
Plan. .
The local Democracy awaits with cu
rious interest the meeting to-day of the
executive committee of the State Central
Committee, which has been called by
Chairman Seth Mann to consider the
"Heeney appeal," involving the party le
gality of the committee of one hundred.
It does not appear likely that anything
much will be done to-day to disturb the
interesting situation. It Is a little too
early foi drastic measures and most of
the forces at work at this uncertain pe
riod are playing for time. It is thought
likely that the executive committee will
not do more than take some perfunctory
action about the $400) debt of the State
Central Committee and quietly postpone
the Heeney appeal once more..
Mayor Pheian has been making espe
cially strenuous efforts to secure a put
ting off of the row. He is now in Los
Angeles and is expected back Sunday.
Yesterday Colonel Sullivan, his secretary.
saw Chairman Mann and in behalf of
Mr. Pheian suggested and asked a post
ponement of the meeting. It is under
stood that later in 'Jie day a telegram
to the same effect came to Mr. Mann
from Mr. Pheian. and that Mr. Mann's
decision was that as the meeting had
been called it should not be postponed.
The committee might postpone action or
do anything It saw fit to do. Because
of Mayor Phelan's efforts and for other
reasons It is not likely that any impor
tant action will be taken to-day.
As the main reason *.nd motive for the
awakening of the factional row which
this Heeney appeal now causes was the
matter at appointing delegates under the
new primary law, this question still re
mains a leading one. It may be of great
significance whether delegates to the mu
nicipal convention are voted for at large
or by districts or precincts, and about
this question the party powers are spar
ring in an uncertain way.
The latest proposition is a new one put
forward by Max Popper. This is that
delegations to the municipal convention
shall be elected by primary election pre
cincts. Mr. Popper argues that this plan
is the most truly representative and
brings the convention "closest to the peo
ple." It will make a Dig difference in the
membership and boss control of the con
vention whether convention delegates are
elected by precincts, by Assembly district
or by the city at large. This is In the
jurisdiction of the recognized governing
organization, which Is the Committee of
One Hundred, and the latitude for maneu
vering and rowing is evident to those who
are politically wise. The postponement of
the Issue will evidence the great efforts
to secure "harmony" that ls not.
SPEEDY DOGS WILL
FURNISH WARM SPORT
TWO BIG STAKES WILL BE RUN
AT UNION PARK.
A Long List of Entries and Tempting
Prizes Offered by the Well-
Known Coursing
Management.
There will be warm times at Union Park
Saturday and Sunday. Two big stakes
will be run off during the two days' sport.
The list of entries compose the host per
formers seen at the park and there should
be some exciting courses when the dogs
meet. The prizes ln the open stake are
large and tempting. The winner w.ll take
$_.'; the runner up, $75; the third, 560; the
next three, $35; the next six, $20; the next
twelve, $12 50, and the next twenty-four,
iT 50, making a total of $SlO. In the extra
stake $200 will be divided as follows:
First, $50; second, $30; third, two at $20;
fourth, four at $10, and fifth, eight at $5.
The total amount of money in prices of
fered by the management is Slop).
The extra stake will be run down twice
before recess Saturday morning. The
railroad company will stop the regular
10:40 a. m. train, which is known as the
Del Monte flyer, at Union Park, and will
furnish an extra baggage car for the ac
commodation of the dogs. On the arrival
of the 1 o'clock train from the city the
open stake will be run down once. Fol
lowing are the results of the drawing at
Pythian Castle last evening:
Extra ' stake, thirty-two entries— Lord &.
Herbs t's Revolver vs. Yosemite Kennels' Bound
ing Belle; George Burfeind's Pastime vs. \V.
M. Hoag's Lady Norborne; J. Byrne' Nelly B
i vs. Yosemite Kennels' Winning Lassie; B. H.
| Uul caster* fl Lass o' Gowrie vs. Handy &
; Smith's Whiskbroom; James Dean's Belle An
. derson vs. Aeneid Kennels' Van Knapp; S. Ma
'■ honey's Chief of the Hill vs. Pasha Kennels'
Road Agent: F. Attridge's Masterpiece vs.
George E. Ehmann's Fireman; J. Farley's Cash
Day vs. N. Begg's Silver Star; Larkey & Rock's
I Hercules ye. H. Hessler's Bessie B; E. Bau
meister's War Cloud vs. M. London's Leonldas;
George E. Ehmann's Said Pasha vs. William
Flngler'a Van Imp; J. Seggerson'g White Chief
vs. J. Murnane's Miss Dividend; Kay & Train's
Crosspatch vs. F. A. Gaffney's Sir John Arnett;
Rincon Kennels' The Karl vs. W. Creamer's
Repor.t; Pasha Kennels' Rings Around vs. .1.
Segge'rson's Gold Hill; E. H. Mulcaster'a Hazel
Dell vs. F. Schon's Mission Boy.
Open stake, ninety-six entries— .1. H. Perlgo's
Belle Seward vs. .1. Keenan'B Master Gordon;
George Sharman's Miss Skyrocket vs. Pasha
Kennels' Metallic; E. Evart's Vigilant vs. J.
Thrift's Brutus; I*. J. Healey's For Glory vs.
John Maher's Safeguard; Erwin & Lyons' Lit
tle Van vs. Dennis *: Porter's Interesting; .1.
O'Dowd's Mission Tip vs. J. Keenan's Royal
Buck; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma
'vs. E. M Kellogg's Hummer; D. J. Healey's;
Lady Clair vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Rosle
Clair; George Whitney's Theron vs. E. M. Kel
logg's Kid McCoy: H. Lynch's Longford vs. J.
O'Connell's Log Boy; T. Sullivan's Maid of the
Hill vs. D. J. Healey's Rusty Gold; R. E. de
B. Lopez's Santa Inez vs. Handy & Smith's
Petronlus: Rincon Kennels' Ski vs. Daley &
Slebein's The Exile: Erwin & Lyons' The Dea
con vs J Dean's Gladiator; H. Lynch's Mystic
Maid vs. J. O'Dowd's Scout; H. A. Deckel
man's Old Glory vs. J. Connell' Senorita; G.
Lauhusen's Fireball vs. E. M. Kellogg's Lady
Gllmore; "Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt vs. J.
Keenan's Flying Buck: D. Ford's Bonlta vs. F.
C. Mack's Black Patti; J. O'Donnell's Las
Palmas vs. F. Moran's Snapshot; J. Seggerson's
i 'andelaria vs. Aeneid Kennels' Pretender;
Handy & Smith's Dauntless vs. G. Lauhu.-en's
Wheel of Fortune; Rincon Kennels' Swedish
vs J P. Thrift's Forgive: Kay & Trant's
Eclipse vs. E. R. Scott's Lord Byron; J. H.
Perlgo's Wayfarer vs. F. Moran's Golden Rus
set; John Egan's Mayflower vs. W. F. Hobb's
Mercy May; F. Moran's Flying Faster vs. Lowe
& Thompson's High Born Lady, .1 J. Edmond's
Morning Glory vs. P. J. Rellley's "Warship:
George Sharman's Walt a Little vs. J. Byrne's
Battleship: George McDougal's Spindle vs.
Captain Clarkson'e Conqueror; Handy & Smith's
Magic vs. Yosemite Kennels' Mose; H. Lynch's
Lottie M vs. A. L. Austin's Trinket: T. F.
Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. J. H. Perlgo's Bohe;
Hurley & Rellle.y'3 O. K. Capitol vS. .1 P.
Thrift's St. Michael; Murphy & Toland's Phyl
lis vs. Murphy & Toland's Palmetto: R. E. de
B Lopez's Santa Ana vs. Ed Wilson's Magnet:
! D* Ford's Hayseed vs. Aeneid Kennels' Maid of
; Erin* F. Moran's False Flatterer vs. Erwin &
Lyons May Queen; Lowe * Thompson's St.
i Oran vs. P. Brophy's Benlcta Boy; Larkey &
Rock's Minerva v. .1 Keenan's Blacklock;
Rincon Kennels' Hard Lines vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Joker; F. Price's Madge Wildfire
vs Lowe & Thompson's Lowlander; H. A.
i Deckelman's Rocket vs. T. McEldowney*s
Right Bower: Larkey ft Rock's Myrtle vs.
Handy fr Smith's Victor; I. F. Halton'fl Tic Tae
vs. Pasha Kennels' Miller's Babbie: J. O'Shea's
Voting America vs. Captain Clarkson's Mystic;
| Handy & Smith's Sylvanus vs. Handy &
i Smith's Victor Queen; H. A. Deckelman's Mlra
; Monte vs. A. Johnson's Tod Sloan.
Paul Egry Missing.
When the case of Paul Egry, the well-
known violinist, charged with misde
meanor embezzlement for obtaining and
pawning a violin from Zeno Mauvais &
Co.. was called In Judge Graham's court
yesterday Egry failed to appear and the
Judge issued a" bench warrant for his ar
rest. Attorney McGregor, who appeared
for Egry, said he was on a drunk in San
Jose and would be present in court this
morning.
TTEDEMANN-S BODY.
It Will Be Exhumed, Coroner Hill
Notwithstanding.
Coroner Hill appeared in Judge j
Murasky's court yesterday as his own j
lawyer to defend himself against the ac- |
cusation that he has acted strangely in
the disposition of the body of the late :
William Tiedemann, who died at the Pres- |
cott House two weeks ago, but the Coro
ner failed to clear himself of the charge.
When Judge Murasky called the case he
asked the friends of the dead man to step
to the bar, whereupon a number of men
who were seated in the court came for
ward and stated that they had known the
deceased for some time, in fact a number
of years. These friends wanted to know
whether or not the body had been decent
ly burled, and the Coroner stated that it ;
had. A. Puef, who represented the Public
Administrator, said that the statement of
the Coroner was doubtless correct, but
still as some of the dead man's friends did
not know whether or not a coffin full of
stones had been buried and the body sold
to a medical college, they wanted the body
exhumed. The insinuation that a coffin
full of stones had been burled in place of |
the body of the mourned Tiedemann made ;
Coroner Hill wild, but his anger had no
effect, Judge Murasky suddenly shut the
controversy off by authorizing the friends
of the deceased to apply to the Board of
Health for an order to exhume the body,
and .Undertaker Metzler will bury it as j
was 'flrst desired by the many friends of i
the deceased. i
HE LECTURED ON "THE
AWAKENING OF MEXICO"
' SOCIALISTS ADDRESSED BY DA
VID STARR JORDAN.
:
He Praised President Diaz and Pro
phesied a Bright Future for Our
Sister Republic.
Professor David Starr Jordan of Stan- j
! ford University, at Socialist Hall last
' evening, gave to the Liberty Branch of :
j the Propaganda Club for Socialism the !
! benefit of his personal Impressions and
■ observations of Mexico. Dr. Jordan visit- |
i ed Mexico last winter and spent some lit- |
tle time in traveling through the country. :
When he returned he wrote a lecture upon !
his travels which he calls "The Awaken
ing of Mexico." This lecture he has de
livered before the student body of the I
university oyer which he presides. Last
evening he delivered it before an audience
that fittingly represented the Socialist
Labor party. After he had talked about
i an hour he gave a series of views of
different scenes in Mexico, which were
exceedingly Interesting as well as beau- !
] tiful. These scenes were from pictures ,
that Dr. Jordan took while on his trip,
while others were made from views that
were loaned him.
In substance Dr. Jordan's address was |
simply a history of Mexico from the earli- ;
est time. He explained in detail many of !
the evolutions that have taken place in I
: the country, dealing with Its various
forms of civilization, religion and natural
developments. Regarding the future of
the country Dr. Jordan said that it was
exceedingly bright. He believes Mexico
to be one of the. coming republics and he
gave to President Diaz unstinted praise
for all that he has accomplished. He be
lieves that our relations with Mexico will
grow stronger with each administration,
le said that at present Mexico Is being
peacefully invaded by America, and he
characterized this kind of invasion as the
best and noblest. The lecture was ex
tremely interesting ami at the conclusion
of his remarks Dr. Jordan was warmly
applauded.
PRESIDENT 33 YEARS.
D. J. Staples' Seventy-Fifth Anniver-
sary Celebrated.
David J. Staples, the president of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company of
this city, celebrated the seventy-fifth an
niversary of his birth yesterday. He was
born in 1824 in the old commonwealth of
Massachusetts and has been a resident of
California for fifty years, having been
for two years acting president of the So
ciety of Pioneers.
Mr. Staples was a delegate to the Na
tional Republican Convention at Chicago
in 1860 which nominated the great Abra
ham Lincoln, and was la.ter on a port
warden. He has never held any other of
fice, but has always taken a prominent
part In public affairs. Just, thirty-three
years ago to-day he was elected to the
presidency of this time-honored company
and has held the office ever since to the
complete satisfaction of its stockholders.
Mr. Staples has had quite a severe spell
of sickness not long since,, but has almost
entirely recovered from it and ls daily at
tending to the business of the company.
His inner sanctum was converted early
yesterday morning into a veritable bower
of roses by the numerous employes and j
ex-employes of the company over which
he has so long presided.
FOSTER WAS RELEASED.
A New Bond Was Procured and a
Writ of Habeas Corpus Sworn Out. G
Fred Foster, charged with having ob
tained money from his. partner, P. How
ard, under false pretenses, was released
yesterday by Judge Lawlor. upon a bond
of $20,000 being filed, upon which Edward
and John Hackett and William Kent went
as sureties. Next Saturday a writ of
habeas corpus, sworn out on behalf of the
accused, will be heard by Judge Lawlor,
and It will be determined whether or not
Foster is legally held.
When the matter of releasing Foster on
bonds came up a bond was presented to
the court signed by the same sureties
that were finally accepted, but the bond
was fatally defective. It. did not demand
the presence of the defendant in court at
any time and therefore was worthless
as far as Its face was concerned. Ex-
Assistant District Attorney Joe Dunne ex
posed this defect and a new bond was
drawn up. upon which the accused was
released.
Raid on Hackmen.
Several hackmen were arrested yester
day by Sergeant Gorman and Corporal
Bowlen, Hack Inspectors, on warrants
charging them with violating, the hack
ordinance by not having a number on
their hacks or lamps. The hackmen have
been evading the license tax. and the ab
sence of numbers prevents the police and
others from identifying the hacks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
freTlTmeß
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made -Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind ■
to Strength and Vigor.
* L.' W. KNAPP. M. D.
A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness such as Impotency, shrunken
organs, nervous debility, lost manhood, night
emissions, premature discharge and all other
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
case of the difficulty, never falls to restore
the organs to full natural strength and vigor.
The doctor who made this wonderful discov-
ery wants to let every man know about It. He
will therefore send the receipt giving the vari-
ous ingredients to.be used so that all men.
at a trifling expense, can cure themselves. He
send* the receipt free, and all the reader need
do ls to send his name and address to L. W.
Knapp. M. D., 1373 Hull building, Detroit.
Mich., requesting the free receipt as reported
In this paper. It is a generous offer, and all
men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B For Appetite, Health and Vigor
Wv__*__m^L_9_m TS__3-: kabk;
f The Greatest of Malt Tonics,
A FOOD IN LIQUID FORM.
Invaluable to Nursing Mothers, Feeble Children, the Aged,
Infirm and Convalescent Equally Beneficial to the Weil
and Robust For Sale by all druggists.
Prepared only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS% St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Famous Original Budweiscr, Black and Tan, Faust, Michelob,
Anheuser Standard. Pale Lager and Anheuser-Busch Dark.
Health is Wealth.
.-■-•wt^, ~~~ MAIN |
DR. _. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
• THE ORIGINAL,' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
19 6oldunder positive Written Guarantee,
by anthorizod agents only, to cure Weak Memory, ;
Dizziness. Wakefulness, Fits. Hysteria, Quick- I
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Conn-
dor.co. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium, !
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption, i
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, fl a
box; six for 5; with jcuarantee'to
core or refund money. Sample pack-
age. containing five days treatment, with full i
instructions, 25 cents. . One 6ample only sold to
each person. At storo or by mail. i-
#^§^Esrßed Label Special jjgjjfe ;
4^jfej Extra Strength. W_WH_tS
J^-J^y For Impotency, Loss of«ffr*'**ir «
]__&s_? Power, Lost Manhood, Vi ___)&}_],
jP*?S«M_ Sterility or Barrenness.'. m
'***"s<i__P_A h _'l a box; six for $5, with*JP%-«l
< «ij|^/fpjw'ritten /ruaranteesfa*^fK,
•** 7 _- to cur in SOaays. At Btore**|ft**S>. J?
S&FORcr.l'hvrnr;!l. AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDER * CO.. Sol* Art*-.
-14 Kearny st., San Francisco.
_*^_ BB "^/yv*id Tumors Cured
M*r JNo KNIFE or PAIN
L \ jbsgillfv^-^ No Pay unt "
breast 13
SEasE^^v^^ cancer. Face and lip
l^^^^^m. a'so common places
>_^^&^ftfe 120 PP- BfIOiTSEIiT FREE.
ilfltS^Ji 1 1 With testimonials of
a^i -^* r Tfc&S 'thousands I have Cured
■ S. R. CH M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
mM,tt.__^,-j_mu_n^tiiß.i,,mi_*_imi,vmiza
BROWN'S SSSSE£*f B oston
I Relieve Hoarseness Immediately.
j "I recommend their, use to public speak-
ers."— Rev. C. H. Chapin, New York. '
\ The Genuine has the
fac-81niQe */ / yy A on every
! Signature of <^^«#>£i>»_t,.^»t* ** ox * >
£___■.■ 'T_r_tK—-A__m v.v -:g *w.wai __
/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A_K«-3-*J™ *f>2-*> KEARXY ST- Established
I -^aM-i ! ' ! ISs** for the treatment of Private
-_3--Lt-iw_lw ' '■*' '' s - Lost Manhood. I>«*l>llit~ or I
ESffiss-Swi| disease woarlna on body and mind and
«j*KS^'i&F*!J skin Diseases, i'hedoctorcureswhen
__s_Bfc3»-S_a otherB ' a 1 Try him. Charges low i
*^fIS-_BS_n Cnrr«Biiar«nl?ed. Callorwrite.
__>i*. J. I*. «jiIBBO_K, Box 1937. 5 ac Francisco
_ —
BAILEOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
IjHJSSESHI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACiFIO
RAILWAY COMPANY..
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WTDEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11. a. m. ; -_:3_»
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tria ■■
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64 :
and 11:30 p. ni.
BUNDAYS— S:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. *„: 1:30. 3.3\
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
fVEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; I_:4s^
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:85 p. m.
"SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxeu Park
tame schedule as above.
■ ■
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect Sail Francisco.
. ■ April 1«, i .
Week Sun- __9-. Sun- Week '
Days. days. Destination. days. j Daya.
* • ' ! ' — . *
7:30 am S :00 am Novato, 10:43 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 an»
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton, I
7:30 am Wifidsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg',
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 pm 8:00 am QloverdaJe, 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
T:3O am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:80 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
1:80 am' 10:25 am
18:00 am Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
■ ' *
7:30 am 8:00 am. Sonoma 10:40 am' 8:40 am
I and . 1
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm, Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 ami 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:85 pm 8:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttca
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggi
Spring.; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop.
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvll.'e. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Bprlngs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HullvlUe.
| Booneville, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Kavarro. Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
Crr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
"Westport. Usal, Willltts. Laytonvllle, Curtli
mlng-i. Bell's Spring., Harris, Olsen'B, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
; reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tlpkets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. '
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid**,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Oensrai Manager. Gen. Pass. Aj.-N.tJ
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1599. trains trill run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- '.Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. ! Sunday Stations. Sifnday ger.
Dally. . Exc'ptd Exc'ptd I Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pmi 6:00 pm
8:10 am; 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm, 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
i 11:38 am 7:43 pm Haniord 7:45 am, 1:4.) pm
2:25 pra 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am. 11:00 am
11:59 am' 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pmi 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
" Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
I inquire at Traffic Mana**«r*e Offlce. S2l Market
J -Ortet. Ban FrttaplflW. - '
RAILROAD TRAVEL^ ";\
-JOI'TUIUtX l-A«JIJtIC €4»Jt-r*A*«*r.
(FACiriO SYSTEM.)
Trains leave no*' «*«'» "* « > *° arrive at
HA*. nUBI'IDC*.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
u_AV_ — From April 9. 1839. — arkt-*~-
•6:00a Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... .•»*•»"' a
7:OOa Benicia, Sulsun and Sacramento 8143_-
- 7:OOa MarysTille, Orotilleaud Redding fis
Woodland 5 ! 1?
7:00 a Elrr.ira, VacaTille and Rumsey...... Bitot
7:_Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Naps,
I'aiiptogaaud Santa Ro.a 2.2 P
8:00 a Atlantic Express. Ogilon and Kast.. B*l3*
SiitOA San ,li)ie. LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PiacerriUa,
MarysTille. Chico. Bed Bluff -:"**!«
8:30\ *Milton, Oakdale and Honors _ilOr
9:00 a Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno IWIBF
•iOVa Fresno, Hakersllelil, Santa Karbara,
Los Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East *. 5 '
10:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:_3_p
12:00 m Niles, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. VUalia,
PorterTllle .I'll*
, *I:OOp Sacramento Rlter Steamers "•:••_»
4:00 Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Callstoga. Santa Boss •iIBa
4:00r Benicia. VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing, _
Marisvllle, OroTllle J t):*H_
_iBop Nlles, San Jo.eand Stockton -Z'H*
4:30p Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond MilS**
The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfleld. San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles »•___,
<Tsi«op Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East +Bi4s_k
S:80p Btockton, Merced. Fresno 12:13P
8:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
MojaTe and Los Anneles Bi4Ba
SiSOp Hunt. Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for MojaTe and Fait 6:4.*1p
6:0 Op Kurnpeuu Mall, Og.le.i and Kast.... 9:4-"» A
0:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose ' , A '
••:0O i' Vallejo _»*_■»
7:OOi' Oregon I'.ti ress, Sacramento, Marjs-
\llle, ICe.ldlng, Portland, Puget
.-.mind ami Kaat 7:48*
fS.OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ;i»:3«»
1 1 0:05 p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
-_■ and East |l-43*p
SAN LEAMIUO AM) lUTWIRDS LOCAL.
( Foot ot Market Street. )
"l Melrose, Kemltiarr Park, ( n:t3a
8:OOa Fllrlifinrg, Klmhurst, «:!i:l»A
•V:OOa San Leandro, South Saa *•»»_»*
10.«»Oa Leandro, fj-taillllo, 10:43 a
ill:00* • Lorenzo, Cherry • «*'♦***
43:..0P »„,] IJ'JSS
»*__»£ llayrrard^. _mL
7.-OOP , Runl , thrmlj? |, to un,, ?\\%i
| ) t From Niles I. -•* 1 * ,r
COAST lUVI-.111.N (War rou Wangs).
: (Footol M-trket Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz irslon for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations *.S:OS*r
8:13 a Newark. ('■•iiterTi. Joae.Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3«30»
*3il3p Newark CenterTille, San .lose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Ban*. Cruz aud Principal Way
Statlona , *ll*:.**Oa
4:13p San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20*
64: 13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiona /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rre-aSlfl raiUCISCO— Foot of Market Strest (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:03 *2:03 13:01
M:00 15:00 *6::0r.ll.
FromOlSUKD— Foot afßroidwaT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 --1:00 12:00 '3:00 14:00 **g*C3P.i*.
COAST DIVISION (Broad ('nu-fe).
I (Third :md Townsend Sts.)
I -0:10 a South ban Francisco, *6:3«F
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only' 1:30»
i 17:30 .\ Bunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santi Cruz, Piicific Grove and
Principal Way Stations :S:33_p
9:09 a Han Jose. Tras Finos, Hants Crux,
raciSc (.rote. Paso RobhM, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4sl©p
10:40 a San Jose ami Way Stations •N:OOa
11i80a San Jose and Way Stations Bi3OP
*ai43pSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose.
Gllroy. Hollister, Santa. Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
GroTe ■ •IO:8«i
•»i3op San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa
•4:15p San Joae and Principal Way Stations 9: .3 a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:50 a
SiSOp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *N:33a
_:**Op San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
tll*.l3p San Jose and Way Stations 7:'tQp
, A for Morning. ~ P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted, t Sunday only, ■» Saturdays oulfc
•(Mondays only. (Saturday and Sunday.
_6_nd\s and Monday.
; California
Limited
Santa fi? Kowfe"
Connecting Owl Train Loaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at «
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th*>
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M.Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR.
servatlon Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train 13 In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
Sill ffUKCISCQ TICKET OFFICE — IB MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN* 15I_
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Olara Sk*
NORTH PACiFIO COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Cqmmenclng April 23, 1839.
i FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DATS— *.:00, *-9:30, 11:00 a. m.j
I 1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, -*6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
: Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
: and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— *»B:OO, *9:00' '10:00, 11-00. 11:30
i a. m.; 1:00, "1:45. •2:30, -"4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
1 11:00 8. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
j 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
I FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. »6:40. 7:55. 8:40. *-0:20
• a. m. ; 12:30.. 2:15. **3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday?, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. ra.
i SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *.:00, *9:45. '10:45, •11:4*.
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, -*3:»0. -*5:15. tM. 7:00. 10:13
p. m. ■
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:35
a. ni.: 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:OO, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; _:<»,
1:20. 2.40. 1:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:15 p. m. week days -Saturdays excepted-—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt- Reyes and way sta'na.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. ISS9.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and -:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. ra.. Returning: Same Even-
ings, Arriving ln 8. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. C. 9. 10 and 11 a. n_ end 1:45, 2:2}
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40. ;
1 THOS. COOK & SON, Agts.. 6_i Market -i. }
910
WYOMING TOOK
THE DARKTOWN
DERBY WALKING
Piloted by Col. Mun
roe Johnson.
— « —
RACING DRAWING TO A CLOSE
— ♦— -
FINAL DAY OF THE CALIFOItNIA
JOCKEY CLUB.
Light Crowd in Attendance— People
Have Tired of tne Sport —
Favorites in Front —
mus a Good One.
The California Jockey Club brought its
long season of racing to a close at Oak
land track yesterday, with the Darktown
Derby as the feature extraordinary. It
was tbe last on the programme, and was
made the occasion for quite a demonstra
tion. When post time arrived Homeier's
band— playing ragtime music— headed the
field of starters past the band, with
Felix Carr marching at its head, dressed
in his best and stepping off a cake walk.
Assisted by James Bluegrass Ferguson,
Carr also operated the starting: gate.
Wyoming, the mount of Colonel Munroe
Johnson, was a 6 to 1 favorite, and won
without effort from Durward.
The attendance plainly betokened the
fact that people are tiring of the game,
nnd there was little plunging indulged in.
Four choices led their fields over the
finishing line.
Dr. Etowell's filly Elizabeth R was sent
to the post an odds on choice for the
opening seven furlong run, with Mc-
Nlchols on her back. After running up
in fourth position to the bend for home,
she was bumped and fell out of it.
Festoso, a 6 to 1 chance, led throughout,
winning in a gallop from Nllgar, a 20 to
1 shot.
The Lassen stable's mare Sly looked
away arid above the best of the eight
starters in the six furlong sprint follow
ing, and the 7 to 10 offered about her was
snapped up. She went out, and racing
Dolore to a standstill downed February
in a drive. Xovia at odds of 15 to "l
finished third.
Oremus, the daughter of Ormonde and
Santa Cruz, showed she had staying
..uaiities as well as speed ln the five fur
long dash for two-year-olds. Backed
from 7 to 5 to 4 to 5, Piggott took her out
in front and made a show Of the field,
winning hands down from Tar Hill in
1:02%. San Toma:*. the Burns & Water
house entry, came from the far rear, tak
ing, the show.
The first mile selling affair proved oil
from the can for Daisy F. Sent out a 6 to
5 chance, Jenkins had only to sit still to
win. Passing Bernardillo and Storm King
at the stretch turn, Carroll's mare
reached the wire nearly four lengths In
advance of the former horse, hard held.
The mile Belling run, next decide.!, saw
the red hot favorite Opponent beaten out
a head by Widow Jones. Johnny Reiff
rode the latter, and in a hard drive was
first past the judges by a very narrow
margin.
Track Notes.
Thomas H. Williams Jr. left for Chicago
last evening*. E. C. Hopper, associate
judge in the stand at Oakland, also de
parted for Latonla in the same train.
The ride of McNlchols on Elizabeth R
■was carefully looked Into by the stand,
but passed over without any action being
taken.
Lester Reiff and Henry Shields were
reinstated by the stewards of Oakland
track yesterday.
Thomas Welch, formerly a rider of con
siderable repute, died at the City and
County Hospital in Oakland yesterday of
stomach trouble. The boy was once in
the employ of Mat Byrnes. Like many of
his profession, he was penniless, and Jim
_S".-il busied himself yesterday taking up
a collection to see that the body was
given a decent burial.
Somebody framed tip a good joke on
Bob Freeman, the rider of Texarkana.
Previous to the race Bob was handed a
$50 show ticket on his mount and the way
the colored rider aroused himself to cash
the ticket was -, caution. He landed,
though, and scarcely stopped to take the
colors off before he was out in the bet
ting- ring. Presenting the ticket at a book
he was told to "go away, bo." It was a
"phony." The last seen of Freeman he
was sharpening a big razor on a borrowed
boot, and there certainly will be some
thing doin* when he meets the enemy.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; Belling.
107*. N'ene Su<*h 1041 106? Byron Cross..
10fi3 Don Vn11pjn.....0-.: 1047 Paul Kru_jer...lo7
1061 - avallo 1081 1157 Socialist 11l
1064 Judge Stouffer.iOSl 1035 Brown Prince.. lo4
1064 Ponpo 1071 1028 Lomo 10*.
10.">p Morana 102 IOCS Eormella 102
IOCS •ixotto .. . 10S'
Second Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
rr.aldens.
1005 Drui.esa -- 110 1-1049 Miss Margaret. llo
.031 Surfeit 110 ... Heraloo 110
ICUi At.bipolo 110 j 1059 Tanobe 110
?52 Hindoo Prlnc's.llo 1036 Armistice 113
3049 Pythla 110 ...Miss Sophie.. ..llo
964 Sisquoc 113 1012 Orpiment 113
1059 Champion Rns*>U-) 1059 Big Horn 113
... La Roma... 110 1034 Honor Bright. ..llo
1029 Artemis 110 1004 Devereux 113
Third Tlace—Or.e and an - chth miles; four
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
WEAK MEN,
WEAK WOMEN,
Read This:
Many men and women to-day are wrecks,
without confidence in themselves — no
vigor, snap or capability.
VITALISM
Gives —onderful, quick and sure re-
sults. There is satisfaction in it. Elec-
tricity only relieves temporarily: drugs
only Irritate. "Vitalism cures! Send or
call to-day for lectures and symptom
blanks, which you can All out and get
advice by mail without charge. Send
or call at once; it costs you nothing.
DR. ROUXEL,
935 Market Street.
Hours— l 2 -to _ and 7toBp. m.
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St., San Francisco
_hS^i^^_Wi*_^^^ Dealers in Firearm*.
l>-*sl£3*-**^*-*-**^ fishing Tackle, and
______^**^ Sporting Good, of Every Dea.
*^ rriptlon. Hig^c**** Cash Price*
raid for Raw Furs.
lend for free Illustrated Catalogue.
WILL ACCOAMODATE
OVERFLOWING CROWDS
.Metropolitan Temple Se
cured fop Evening Serv
ice by tae Central
JuettioGlißt Gbupcft.
rT"**<HT-! attendance of worshipers a
I the evening service ln the Cen
X tral Methodist Church on Ml
sion street has so Increased sine
th© ministration of the present pastor,
Rev. Charles Edward Locke, that the
church trustees were compelled to
look around for more commodious
quarters. The most suitable place to
bo found ln the vicinity of the church
was that at the Metropolitan Temp
on Fifth street. Heretofore it was no
uncommon occurrence to And worship
ers crowding into the sacred edifice at
"the hour of 6:30 on Sunday evening for the purpose of securing seats -within
the building. In order to try as an experiment the holding of the evening
services In a more capacious building, the trustees of the church have secured
Metropolitan Temple on Fifth street for this purpose.
The services under these arrangements will commence next Sunday
evening at 7:45 o'clock and will continue for the balance of the present
month. This period has been given by the Fire Wardens as a compliment
to the Central Church folks, after which the owner of the temple will be
"compelled to make better facilities for the public to enter and leave the build
ing in case of Are or other danger. After the alterations have been made It
ls probable that the evening services will continue to be held in the temple
right along, as Dr. Locke, while not a sensational preacher in any sense of the
■word, is still a man of "up-to-date" ideas, full of magnetism and an eloquent
speaker who holds his hearers close to himself and the subject on which he
discourses.
IO
I ©
year-olds and upward; selling.
1056 Red Glenn 1151 1062 Dare II 118
660 Our Johnny 113 782 Personne 115
947 Sardonic 1111
Fourth Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile;
maiden three-year-olds: selling.
1060 Limatus 1171 992 Peach Blossom. lll
-32 Antloch 113 1053 Chispa 11l
1060 Gold Baron 1131 1067 Solstice 117
Fifth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1001 Los Medanos... lo"! 1066 Limewater 93
1062 Joe Ullman 113' 1054 Casdale 89
1064 Malay 92!
Sixth Race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward.
1018 McFarlane .....1131 1069 Lost Girl 11l
1074 Storm King 116 1026 Reolla 102
1021 La Goleta 1071 1023 Imp. Mistral 11.116
Selections for To-Day.
First Race^Peixotto, Don Vallejo, Cavallo.
Second Race— Armistice, Pythla, Druidess.
Third Race— Sardonic, Personne, Red Glenn.
Fourth Race— Antloch, Solstice, Gold Baron.
Fifth Race — Joe Ullman, Los Medanos, Lime
water.
Sixth Race— Goleta, Storm King. Lost
Girl.
Detectives Becover Valuables.
While Mrs. J. Shaughnessey, who re
sides at 909 Polk street, was walking
along the street in the vicinity of her
home yesterday afternoon she dropped a
cigarette case containing diamonds to
the value of $1500. The lady had passed
on several blocks before she discovered
her loss, and Immediately reported the
matter at police headquarters. Captain
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, May 3, 1899.— Eighty-sixth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
E. C. HOPPER, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
Ifi'T'l FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
; purse,
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
4m.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
933 Festoso. 3 110. 3
(1080) Nilgai-, 3 ll* 2
lu4S Inverary 11, 4 114 10
1065 Anchored, 3 10S| 8
1038 Yaruba, 3 108 1 4
1052 San Augustine, 3.. 102 9
10-io Kacebud. 3 105 1
(1052) Elizabeth R. 3 105 5
1.«*4 Fleming, 4 114 6
1067 mis, 3 108 7
862 Gllberto, 3 107 11
3 1
■> h
10 4
8 8
4 4
9 1
1 h
5 2
6 h
7 1
11
2 1
3 4
8 1
7 6
6 h
10 b
1 h
4 1
9 2
6 4
11
1 1
3 4
7 1
5 3
6 4
9 1
2 1
4 : 2
10 3
6 1
11
11%
2 '-I
6 2
8%
6 4
9 2
4 %
7 1
10 2
8 4
11
1 6 ,'Jenklns
2 2 [Glover
3 h JHolmes :
4 2% Macklin |
C 3 Dtnglf-y
6 h W. See
7 4 W. Narvaez..
BVi McNichols ...
9 3 Raymond
10 4 Ruiz ...:
11 IBasslnger ....
4 6
12 12
I 20 40
I 15 30
I 6 8
15 50
8 8
4-5 7-10
40 60
15 00
_4() 100
Time . : ■■, ; %, 1:29. Winner. J. Naglee Burkes eh. c. by Wildldle-
Vedette Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Festoso finally managed to get a fair start. Nilgai was overlooked. Inverary ran
'.shingly good rate. Yaruba pocketed. Elizabeth R had no speed to finish on.
Scratched— Major Hooker 114, University 116, Glengaber 110.
lfl7O SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, JSSO.
Index. Hone. A«*. Weight.,
4m.
Km.
Str.
1070 Sly, 5 112 1
10fi9 February, 5 lOT 4
I>>42 Novia. 4 M 8
1064 Dr.lore. 5 107 3
1032 Earl Coehran, 6 — lOS 1
1084 Graolas. 4
-4 Ullss Rucker. 4 110 T
1010 Road warmer, 6 — 102"
2 1
4 2
3 '4
1 h
7
6%
6 Vi
1 1
4 2
3 3
2 1
5 4
6 10
1 1
4 3
3 1%
2 Vi
F. h
6 10
7
1 14 W. Narvaez..
2 h Steward
3 1% Bassinger ....
4 5 Jenkins
6 8 Ames j
610 W. See
7 J. Ward
iCoburn
4-6 7-10
4 7
5 12
6-2 7-2
30 60
40 100
20 50
20 60
•Ran away.
Time- U, :25; 4, :50; \, 1:16. Winner, Lassen Stable's b. m. by Raclne-Aurelia 11. Good
start. Won first three irivlng.
Sly WU best February received a rugged if not an artistic ride. Dolore "dogKed" It.
fVratohed— Schnitz 106, Mocorito 110, Rlcardo 10!*, Byron Cross 100, Paul Kruger 103.
||-|«yO T'MIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, J350.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Str.
Fin.
(lfiOn) Oremus 112, 4
1000 Tar Hill UJ 3
i n Tomas '
1012 Gusto 118 2
(1049) U H McWhirter ..113 1
1049 Flush of GoW 110 6
(1059) May Gertrude 110| 9
1041 Klckumh<b 108 '<
1059 Hf>KU3 Bill 108 S _
1 1
4 1%
7 4
3 4
2 ',»
G li
8 lO
6 4
9
1 4
2 1
7 3
4 2
3 14
?
6 8
6 1
9
1 1 IPlggott I 7-5 4-5
2 S IMacklin | 3 9-2
I 3 Curry ' io ii
4 2 |Jenktns I 4 fi
5Vi Halm 10 25
6 4 IMcXlchols .... 10 lo
7 4 W. Narvaez.. 3 13.5
820 Ames • •
9 IRomero 25 50
•Coupled with Tar Hill.
Time-**. :13: %. :37>4; %. 1:02%. Winner, C. L. Fair's b. f. by Imp. Ormonde-Santa
Cruz Bad start. Won f-asily. Second anrl thlr<T driving.
Oremus 1b a promising fllly. San- Tomas not handled to best advantage. McWhirter
Is a heavy-headed youngster.
S<rat.'li»<l- Kacctto 105.
lf\'7A FOURTH RACE— On© mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Age. Weight. 'st.
%m.
4m.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1000 Daisy F. 4 101 6
1063 Bernardino, 5 10S 1
1027 Torslda. 4 105 2 .
1062 Storm King, 5 118 4
1082 Ringmaster, 5 JOT 3
1064 P. A. Finnegan. 4..103] 5
5 2
1 1
3 H
2 h
4 4
6
3 h
1 ''.
4 h
2 1%
6 8
6
3 2
1 h
4 h
2 1
6
1 1
3 i
6 5
2 h
4 >=
6
13%
2 1
3 3
-4 2
5 6
6
jeiiKins
Macklln ......
Dnla
Huiz
W. Narvaez..
J. Relff
Ames
6-5
6
4
3
15
15
6-5
6
5-2
7
15
50
Time— 4, :254; 4. :504: %, 1:17; mile. 1:42. Winner, J. Carroll's eh. m. by Rlley-Mod-
esty Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner scored at leisure. Bernardino failed to have a fit. Torslda of no account
Weight told on Storm King.
■ r\>yp" FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
.« ,-..-. a
Index. Horse. Age. Weirht.
V4m.
%m.
Jockeys.
\ idow Jones, 5 103, 1
1013 Opponent, 4 101! 4
1063 Alicia, « 98 6
1061 Rapido, a 100 I
11161 New Moon, 6 103 3
KifiS Grady. 6 100. 2
1047 None Such. 4 M 7
■ . Meadow Lark, a...
1 2
3 h
4 h
6 4
6 h
2 14
7 5
8
1 24
4 2
3 h
6 1
6 4
2 1
7 10
8
1 2%
l '2
3 14
6 1
7 20
4 3
6 4
1 2
2 6
3 4
4 %
6 6
S3
7 10
8
1 h
2 8
3 h
4 5
5 h
6 10
7 10
S
J. Relff
Jenkins
Coburn
Romero
M. Xirhols ...
4 7-2
3-5 7-10
15 12
25 60
32 2.)
4 6
60 100
8 20
Cole
Holmes
I Ames
Time- I*.1 *. :Z'Vi; 4. :50; %. 1:154; mile. 1:424- Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. m bylmn
St Andrew-Hattle Bail. Good start. Won first three driving. p-
Weak riding beat the favorite. New Moon was lamentably lacking In speed.
%f\T£* SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; Belling; four-year-olds and unwarri-
\\J IO» the Darktown Derby; purse, $350. upward,
Index. Horse. Ag». Weight.
Std. Vim.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(1063) Wyoming, 6 151
1036 Durward, 5 151
885 Texarkana, 4 150'
1037 Roadrunner, a 154|
1 1«7 The Plunger, 5 151,
1056 Eureka, a IMi
922 Rossmore, a 151
1047 Joe Cotton, a 151|
4
5
3
i 6
7
«
2
I 1
8 3
4 2%
1 h
6%
7 2
8
2 h
6 8
2 2
3 4
l#
C h
73
8
4 24
63
1%
3S
24
* V 4
6 1
7
5%
S
...
1 2%
2 h
3 3
4 4
5 1
6 3
7 20
8
MaJ. Johnson.
Mr. Heck
Bob Freeman.
Pete Plnkney.
1-5
12
20
5
20
40
20
8
1-6
15
SO
5
40
60
40
15
Mr. Robertson
Bob Whitney.
Coon Slaugh'r
Jim Brown
Time— l-16, :07V4: 5-16. :32; 9-16. :sS^i; 13-16, 1:264: mile, >47; 1 1-16 miles, 1:G4« Win-
ner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Pardee-Caprice. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving.
Wyoming outclassed his field.
THE SAjN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
| Bohen detailed Detectives Ryan and
I ODea on the case, and they found a
j schoolgirl who claimed to have seen Pau
line Cohan, a dressmaker at 215 Eleventh
! street, pick up the valuables. The offi
! cers found the woman, who admitted her
I find, but demanded a reward of $200 be
fore she would consent to return the
' property to its owner. Mrs. Shaughnessey
, was sent for, and after compromising the
matter for $20 took her diamonds home.
DEATH OF EUGENE HOEFER.
The Well-Known Mining Expert
Passes Away in Brussels.
Word was received in this city yester
day morning of the death of Eugene Hoe
fer, a San Francisco mining engineer,
who had won a big reputation in South
Africa and Europe. He died on April 16
in Brussels of typhoid fever.
Hoefer was a graduate of the University
of California, class of 'S4, since which
time he has been actively engaged ln ex
ploiting the big mines of South Africa. At
the time of his death ne was in the em
ploy of Wehrner, Beit & Co. of London,
one of the largest mining associations in
the world. He was manager of the mines
In the Leydendburg district of the Trans
vaal States.
COLONEL MOSBY BEADY.
Tenders His Services to Put Down
the Rebellion in Boston.
Colonel Mosby views with alarm the
treasonable attitude of Hoar, Boutelle
and Atkinson of Massachusetts. Last
evening he decided to wire to President
McKinley tendering his services to sup
press the rebellion in Boston.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J D Schuyler. L Ang Miss E M Young, Bost
G B Grow, tan Diego Miss A H Young, Bost
W B Tuttle, N V 'Dr J King, N V
S C Hooker, Pa Mrs J King, NY
J F Knowles, Masa B W King, N V
S Jacskson, D C Mrs B W King, N V
H V Bootes, Delaware J W King. N V
R L Fulton, Reno Mrs E N Neff, Ohio
F Leonard. Nevada Mrs E P Allis, Wis
A H Coney, Cal Miss Allis, Wisconsin
A M Hudson, Menlo W T Ellis, Cal
j G Van der Roest, N V F O Carmack, St Louis
I G R Smith. N V Mrs L S Thomas. Minn
; A F Biles. Portland iW C Clarkson, Florida
i G S Harrington. Bost Mrs C M Severance,
| G Mitchell, N V . Los Angeles
H J Taylor, lowa Miss Peel, Los Ang
D L Plumer, Warsaw E P Haywards, N V
P Johnson, NY J Rice, St Louis
G Ernst, Nevada Mrs J Rice, St Louis
Mrs G Ernst. Nevada C Rice, St Louis
J X Burnham. Mo F S Boggs, Stockton
Mrs J X Burnham, Mo C W Jones, Mo
Miss Burnham, Mo 'Mrs C W Jones, Mo
W L Hagars, Chgo I A C Seamans, N V
B H Smith, Pa Miss Seamans, N V
C D Norton, Chicago IF M Seamans, N V
Mrs C D Norton. Chgo: J C Seamans, N V
W H Weber, Chicago ! Mrs J C Seamans, N V
Mrs W H Weber, Chgo i J A Hannah, Cal
H A Young Boston l
GRAND HOTEL.
J N Corale, Use Man J H Glide & w. Sacto
G H Bradt. Ohio L H Mcintosh. Clilco
I Heel.in. Ohio H L Smith. Cal
J E Prewett. Auburn Miss F E Covington,
J M Strlening, S Rosa * Boston .
J H Beecher. Cal Mrs A A Covington,
C C Page. Cal Boston
Dr A Anderson. PetalmW W Turney, Campbls
C F Weber, Ookland \W H Hilton, Glen Elln
A Fibush, Oakland 'Or A E Osborne & w,
F W Charles. Cal I Eldridge
W Rogers. R I iL H Leonhart. Li verm
C C Bush, Redding .C Moltzer, Pt Reyes
W L Brown, Sacto W C Waters, Spreckels
S Bowen, L Ang Q W Crystal, Vacavlle
C H Evarts & w, Chgo Mrs J H Brown, Utah
A M Mlxen, L Ang H R Brown.-.Salt Lake
J A McSheehy & w, 'T Brown, Salt Lake
Watsonville 'Miss M Brown, Utah
F H Hubbard & w, Cal Miss L Brown. Utah
W Cambpell. L Ang I Miss W Woodman,
F W Babcock & w, R I! Saut Lake
H B Hedges, R I. J c, Elliott. Chgo
WC Barker. Bakersfld Mrs C A White, Chgo
J I Pucknev &w. 111 E Schmidt, Elgin
F E Mitchell & w. Cal M L Isham. Courtland
P Davis & w, Portervl J A Linscott, Watsnvl
J H Beecher. Cal I J X Patten' Jr & w.
S Connell. Portland j Calaveras
Mrs J McKerrick. Stkn A Bratsk, Martinez
X N Bulla, L Ang tt D Chamberlain. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A R Mills, Petaluma O W Bent, Bakersfleld
J Brandon, Marysvllle C W Bent, Bakersfleld
P King, Ireland A W Home, Chicago
J C Hammond, Fresno Mrs Walker, Stockton
M Daniels. Madera Miss Shepard, Stockton
C Joyce, Stockton IC C Jones, Auburn
B L Hansen. Stockton C Carpenter, Cal
W G Sener & w. Pa C W Swartand, L Ang
E Ham, Fresno
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 3.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 3— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived May 3— Sohr
Newark, hence May 2.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 3— Stmr Humboldt,
from Dyea; Br ship Rhuddlan Castle, from
Port Townsend.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 3— Chilean
bark Guinevere, from Port Townsend.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 3— Stmr Auranla,
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. a
M.— Will meet THIS (THURSDAY) ___§k__.
EVENING, May 4, at 7:30 o'clock. K_2f
Stated meeting. By order of the ila_i-'"'
ter. FRANKLIN 11. DAY', Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— m
Stated meeting and M. M. degree _____\\
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, May "tf V
4, at 7:30 o'clock, at Mission Masonic f^r*
Temple, 2668 Mission st. By order of the H.
_P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secy.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— •_
Stated meeting THIS THURSDAY A\
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By order of *Cf V
the Master. f^fS
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraullo
process from E. H. Adams, ln the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills, Butte County, to
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek; from John
McCollum, ln the Santa Rosa placer mine, ln
Mohawk Valley, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings ln Sulphur Creek, and from the
Plumas Development Company, in the Yankee
Hill mine, near La Porte, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings ln St. Louis Ravine, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
59, Flood building, San Francisco, CaL, on
May IS, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 9th day
of May, 1599, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eelcting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 2^. 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. . E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
Offlce. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1699, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the offlce of said Company,
number 327 Market St., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is. to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of !
raising money to complete the construction j
of Its steamships and their -equipment, for I
use in the business of this corporation, and j
to purchase and pay for any other property I
within the purposes of this Company; and to I
secuie the bonded Indebtedness so proposed I
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of '
said Company now owned or hereafter to be '
acquired by said Company. •
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] F. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
. r-.irv
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for 64; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley ,<;. Co.. 610 I ay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE^
A REFINED young woman wishes position to
take charge of child over 3 years; good ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A YOUNG lady who has had some experience
In* caring for* sick, would like position as
companion to invalid lady; no objection to
travel. MISS CULLEN, 327, Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to take
care of 1 baby; good references; country or
city. Call at MISS CULLEN'S, 32.". Sutter st.
NEAT German girl desires situation; cooking
and housework; 4 years last place; small
family. MISS CULLEN. 32.* Sutter st.
GERMAN girl desires general housework;
American cooking. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell, tel. Main 5332. :_ .
YOUNG cook, Irish, and a German second-
girl, desire position in same house, Jewish
family preferred. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell St.; tel. Main 6332.
A GERMAN girl, speaks French, awaits posi-
tion; second work or parlor maid; waitress.
MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell; tel. Main 5332.
A NORTH German nursery governess, city
references, awaits position. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell; tel. Main 5332.
LADIES, we have some excellent servants on
hand for any kind of work wishing situations
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by good woman; seam-
stress and second work; understands dress-
making; has no objection to country good
city reference. 1241*4 Market* St., room 15.
NURSE— Professional lady who gives flrst-class
massage treatments would take position with
invalid going in country; terms moderate:
references. Box 229. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position in pri-
vate family; first-class cook; will assist ln
light housework; city or country; references.
625 Post st., flrst floor.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day,
week or month; is a good cook and laundress;
no objection to country. 948 Folsom st.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; Is a good cook; wages $25.
Please call at 3996 Army St., near Sanchez.
LADY elocutionist desires situation as com-
panion; will assist with light housework if
necessary. Address E. H., box 856, Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation;
housework or children's nurse; no objection
to the country. Please call at 1095 Howard.
COOK, competent, wants a. place; willing to
assist or do general work ln small family;
wages $20 to $25. 103 Van Ness aye. ; no postals.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation: best
references. Call or address 437 O'Farrell St.,
room 15. « ■•'." • '■:■•:-.
FIRST-CLASS wcman wishes situation as
housekeeper. Call cr address 437 O'Farrell
st. , room . 15. ■ - •
RESPECTABLE young woman, competent
cook, wishes a position; city references. 163
Julian aye. "_. .
YOUNG woman would like gentleman's mend-
ing. I Carlos place, nr. Powell and O'Farrell.
GIRL wishes a situation; housework and cook-
ing. 1231 Market st. ; ______
COMPETENT nurse will take entire charge of
baby; reference; city or countiy. 106 -Hayes.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework and cooking. Apply at 823 York.
SEAMSTRESS wants engagement to do dress-
making or family sewing. 642 Jessie st.
PROTESTANT woman wishes situation; good
cook;* city or country town. 207 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants situation as cook
or to do general housework. Call 618 Laguna.
ABLE, middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion; is a good cook; will do light housework;
city or short distance in country; wages mod-
erate. 55 Converse St., off Bryant, between
Eighth and Ninth.
NEAT young girl wants place; good cook; best
reference; will do general housework. Call
1007 Natoma St.. near Eleventh and Howard.
GIRL wishes to do general housework for about
four in family. Box 65. Call offlce.
WANTED— laundress and as . general
housaworker In small family; city or coun-
try; reference. Apply for 2 days 747 Howard.
WANTED— GirI to assist ln housework. 32*.
Clay st. '
YOUNG lady student wishes good home in ex-
change for light services; near Heald's. Ad- ,
dress MISS DAVIS. 1432 Howard St.
TWO competent, neat German girls for gen-
eral housework and cooking In small Amer- I
lean family; 3 years in last place. $25. Please
call at 142 Eighth st.
FIRST and second cook, all-around flrst-class
hotel and restaurant; reference; city or
country. Apply at 242 Natoma et. '
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg.
LADY would like to go East as nurse or com-
panion for fare. Box 117, Call office.
WINCHESTER House,' 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTEIA.__.ALB.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt offlce; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary St.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*. O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
RELIABLE elderly German wants a place ln
city or country saloon or hotel as barkeeper;
good home and small wages will be satis-
factory. Box SO2. Call offlce.
YOUNG Swede wishes a. place ln a private fam-
ily to attend to a garden; willing to work, be-
ing over 7 years in last place; has reference.
Box 801, Call office.
SHORT order cook wants a place; ferry boat,
bakery or coffee house, or oyster opener ln
oyster house. HENRY, 614 Central aye.
YOUNG man capable taking care horses, cow
garden: good driver; handy with tools; good
references. Box 228, Call office.
BARBER— Young man, flrst-class workman,
wants position; city or country. Address
box 701. Call office. ■
YOUNG man who fought with Dewey like any
kind of situation. Box 702, Call office.
FRENCHMAN, with the best recommenda-
tions, wishes small situation in a privnte
family. Apply to BERNARD & DEGER, 814
Sutter st. .
YOUNG man. 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendation.*); $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office.
YOUNG married man, sober, honest and
strong, wants work of any kind; understands
horses; ls a German. Address Box 135, Call
office.
YOUNG Scandinavian wants work as Indoor
servant with private family; city references.
Address TOM, 619 Bush St.
YOUNG man from the East wjuld like employ-
ment at any kind of honest work. Address
Box 642, Call office.
YOUNG man, stranger In city, wants work
around hotel or restaurant . for board. Bjx
720. Call office.
BARBER, young man, first-class workman, de-
sires position ln country. Address H., Call
Branch Offlce, 357 Hayes st.
PAINTER, first-class, with staging, will work
cheap; day or contract. Address Painter, 536
Ivy aye.
JAPANESE young man wants position as of-
flce boy ln lawyer's offlce. Box 800, Call office.
GERMAN butcher and sausage maker wants
position: city or country. 44 Juniper St., be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh.
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy,
desires position as collector for responsible
firm; references given and bonds furnished.
Box 131, Call.
POSITION in candy store or factory by young
man; willing and Industrious; best references.
C_ box 134, Call.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, experienced,
steady, 37, desires employment; town or coun-
try references. Address box 207, Call office.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cT^rLnHANSE^r&^cTrrrrrrrrpho^^
12 waitresses for springs and water resorts;
call and engage your places at once. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
WE WANT TO-DAY
2 waitresses. Sacramento, $25; waitress,
Fresno, $25; 2 waitresses, Porterville, $20, fare
paid; 2 waitresses, Sonora, $20: waitresses,
Dunsmulr, half . fare paid; Stockton, $20;
Marysvllle, $20; Bakersfleld. $20, fare paid:
4 extra waitresses for country, $1 day and
free fare; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 6 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, country.
$1.".: woman cook, country, $25. C. R. HAN-
BEN &; CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
House girl for 3 ln family, $2.": house girl,
3 in family, Haywards, $25; colored house girl,
Fruitvale, $25; cook, Alameda, $25; 15 cooks
and housegirls. $25; 40 capable girls for gen-
eral housework, $15 to $20; woman for gen-
oral work in institution, $20; 2 girls, up-
stairs work, Intstitutlon, $15; German girl
for bakery - , $15; house girl, for Nevada, $20,
fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED — Scandinavian or German cook,
wash and iron for 2 in family. Country, $25;
waitress, country hotel,. $20; girl for house-
work. Belvedere, $20; German nurse, $25: 3
Protestant nurses and second girls. $20;
Scandinavian cook, nice small restaurant. $7
a week; 30 good girls for housework ln Ameri-
can and Jewish families, at $20 and $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
WANTED— First-class Scandinavian. German
or American Protestant cook, no wash, $35,
references positive; cook, country hotel, Eu-
ropean plan, $40. night work. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. Alameda, $20,
private boarding house; seamstress,- $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $25. MISS~CULLEN~
325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light second work and nurse, $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl; country: $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
5 YOUNG cooks. German style, $25 and $30; 8
young housework girls, $25, $15; chamber-
maid - and waitress, restaurant. $IS. MRS.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell st.
GERMAN girl. Oakland, light second work,
see lady at 2 p. m.. $15; 3 ln family. MRS.
LAMBERT, 418. well st.
25 YOUNG girls for housework; waitresses for
hotels; waitresses for restaurants; young girl
to take care of baby; young girls to assist.
MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter; phone Main 804.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st. -..?*; *^'
WANTED— Skilled laundress to open French
laundry on shares; advertiser will furnish
necessary machinery. Apply 25 Third St., room
1, after 7 p. m. "■':•■ ./.-'v
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work and help mind children; small wages;
good home. MRS. FARWELL. 4 Fella place.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manlcurer. Call
at Emporium-Golden Rule Halrdressing Par-
lors.
GIRL or young woman to do light housework
and plain cooking; wages $10. 1217 Polk st.,
store.
YOUNG lady stenographer on Smith machine;
must be a good penman and understand office
work. Box 898. Call office.
NEAT middle-aged woman for light house-
work and assist with 2 children. Call after
2 p. m.. 1599 Market st., cor. Twelfth.
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers on tailor suits. A.
CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny st.
NEAT girl for light housework: wages $10.
Apply bet. 9 and 10 a. m.. 2050 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands wanted. E.
MESSAGER, 145 Post st. .
GIRL' to assist ln housework and children.
220-. Waller st.
GIRL for general housework; 3 in family. Call
from 8 to 1 at 1275 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl to assist with . child. Call 2827
Pine st. .",*-':
WANTED— girls to learn the tailoring trade;
good wages. Inquire 147 Fourth st.
WANTED— to take care of lady In
cor.finement. Apply 548 Madrid St.
YOUNG girl of 14 to 16 to assist In house-
work,' good home, $5. Box 900. Call office.
GIRL or woman; good room and board In
exchange for light housework. 578 Sixth st
WANTED— GirI for general housework; salary
$12 50. 1001 A Guerrero st. ;
DRESSMAKER'S apprentice wanted. 115 Oak
street. __
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages
$15. Apply 744 Hayes st.
YOUNG girl to mind baby; German preferred.
137 Hyde st. ;
WANTED— Apprentice on vests; paid while
learning. 854 Folsom st. v
YOUNG woman to learn massage treatment;
must travel. DR. CONRAD. 242 Post st.
NEAT girl for light housework; 3 in family;
call after 11 a. m. 1330 Page st.
APPRENTICE on pants wanted. 229 Fifth
I street. ■ - '■ , ■'
I OPERATOR on pants . 83 Third st., upstairs.
WILLING assistant for lunch kttchen; wages
; small to start. 2105 Geary St., after 2. __
FIRST-CLASS waist hand; also Improver. 2107
California- st. ■
CREAM dipper; experienced. Call at once at
. SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth at.
NEAT girl to assist in housework and cook-
ing; small family. 1125 Geary st.
REFINED German girl for housework and
sewing. Call 1814 Washington st., between 8
and 10 a_.m.
WANTED— A coat finisher. 520 Kearny St.,
first floor, room 1.
GOOD sewers on evening dresses and fancy
wrappers. 6 Eddy St., room 55.
GOOD girl, 17 years of age. assist In house-
work; wages $8, $10. 714 McAllister st.
CAPABLE girl for second work and assist with
two children; references. 1608 Fell st.
WANTED— operator on vests. Apply S. N.
WOOD &.CO.. 718" Market st.
YOUNG girl for downstairs work and cook-
ing. 1207 Gough st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36*. Fremont st.
HELP WANTED — HALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Two and 4-horse teamsters for railroad work;
25 Dick and shovel laborers, city work, $30
and found and $1 75 per day
Buggy washer, $35 and found; 3 stable men,
$30 and found: painter, $2 a day; 10 milkers,
$30 and $25 and found; 10 men to work In
packing and drying houses, $20 and found,
lone job; men or strong boys for thinning and
picking fruit, $20 and found; stern block
setters, sawmill company; 20 farm hands and
teamsters, $26 and found; harnessmaker; man .
and wife, no objection to children; camp
blacksmith: blacksmith's helper, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoer; country shop.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
JAPANESE cook; country hotel; $45 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
MAN and wife for an orange orchard; work-
ing foreman for large sheep ranch, see boss
here. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
BAKERS .'porter waiters
Baker, country shop, $40 and found; porter
and runner, country hotel; cook, city and
country waiters, baker's helper, etc. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A
200 men wanted
teamsters, 4 horses, coast road $2
teamsters, 2 horses, coast road $1 75
laborers, coast road $1 75
All for the coast railroad and free fare; we
ship dally; offlce fee for above job $1; free
fare.
Work for all
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & ..Phone Grant 185
20 scraper teamsters for railroad work, $25;
10 scraper loaders $2 a day
10 laborers for a quarry, $1 a day and
found; choreman, ranch, $20; blacksmith
ranch, $35; carriage painter, $2 25 a day;
carriage trimmer: machinist, $2 50 a day; 5
milkers, $25: 2 screw-turners, $52 and found;
edgerman, $2 75 a day; blacksmith, $2 a day
and found, see boss here; tiemakers, 7xBxB,
13c, see boss here; boy for store, $3 to $4 a
week. *
Cook, country restaurant, $40; porter, $20;
kitchen help and others. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary si.
LABORERS for a railroad tunnel, 20c to 25c
an hour. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— Butter and cheese maker, $35; 2 car-
riage painters. $2 50 day and $40 and board*
blacksmiths, $60, and $40 and $42 50 and board;
2 block setters, $52 and board; woodturner. $3
day; fairly good machinist for mine $2 50
day; 6 woodchoppers, 75c to $1 35 cord; 'labor-
ers and carmen for mine; 4 milkers, $25 fare
advanced. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra- j
mento st.
WANTED— 2 working ranch foremen, $50 and
board, and $500 year. J. F. CROSETT & CO
628 Sacramento st. • ' '"
WANTED— night cooks, $35 and $40; pastry
cook. $35; cook, country* restaurant, $30 and
found; night waiter, $9 week; 2 waiters for
camp, $20 and found; French or Italian res-
taurant cook, $60; kitchen men and dishwash-
ers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento St.
WANTED— Blacksmith for small shop near
city, $40 and found; plain blacksmith for
ranch, no shoeing, $30 and found; stableman
for flrst-class country stable, $30 and found; 2
head choppers, $40, also 2 second choppers,
same logging camp, $30; 5 crosscut sawyers',
$26 and board; 10 men to work in the woods,
$26 and board: 2 milkers, $30: 2 milkers, near
city. $25; farmers, $20 and $26; second waiter
for hotel ln Nevada, $40; 5 laborers for city, $1
per day and board; and 100 others. WD
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook for resort, $60; waiter, $35;
young nXan as porter, country 'restaurant.
$20: 2 jhen for cleaning in hotel, $20 and
found; /marker for laundry. ANDRE'S, 316
Stocktrtn st.
MAN to milk cows: country: $20 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND butler. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell
street.
WANTED An experienced wrapper for deliv-
ery department; capable of taking entire
charge. Apply box 380. Call office.
BRIGHT young men; canvassers; salary and
commission; S-9 a. m., 4-6 p. m. R. RALPH,
511 Montgomery st.
ERRAND boy. Call before 10 a. m.. CAL
_ ELECTROTYPE CO.. 511 Sansome st.
BOY wanted at Navarro's restaurant. 726-
Broadway; must speak Spanish.
I ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery"
1139 Folsom st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 106 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. Bay State Restaurant,
Stockton st., near Geary.
WANTED— men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
SOc. 562 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
DISHWASHER who can cook short orders;
call early.. 1008 Hyde st.
WANTED— Shirt backers at -Sun Laundry,
Nineteenth and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED— Locksmith or tool maker. 1706
Dwlght way, Berkeley.
GOOD barber for Wednesday, Friday, Saturday
and Sunday; steady. 153 Fourth st
MEN Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell & Buckman, between Sonora and Sura-
mervllle, Tuolumne Co.; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
Jl. Oakdale to Sonora. will be refunded lf
men work one month. Apply at room 4. 302 1
Montgomery st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who nave legally declared their in- i
tention to become such; must be of good |
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and. 6 feet 1 Inch In height For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal.
TO go this week — pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from SOc to $1 50; new shoes
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st'
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 d. m'
WANTED— Sober man to clean up bakery and
carry out email orders; wages. $15 and board*
no room. 11l Larkln st. "
WANTED— Steady man. satisfied with $12 per
week, ln light outdoor business; must have
small capital. 1032 Market st, room 4.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single
10c. 15c night; 60c, SOc week; reading room'
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: our
catalogue explains how we teach the barber
trade ln eight weeks; write to-day. Moler'a
Barber College, 635 Clay st.
150 MEN for. cleanest houses in city; "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch
House," 881; 15c to SOc night; all dally papers
ln reading room.
WANTED-"-20 teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S. 26
Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
150. MEN to take best single room, 15c night: $1
week: "France House," 149 3d St.. and "Oak-
land House." 664". Howard st.; reading room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Shlp-
plng Agent. 604-506 Davis St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Fd Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, -5c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Xc -ny— Rooms from 250
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
I Barber College. 138". Eighth st.
I SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 60 a month.
Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863". Market St.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
1 clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room, 25c a night: $1 a week.
■
AGENTS WANTED.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents; salary $75 month: expenses;
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address with reference, BUTLER
& ALGER. New Haven. Conn.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WOMAN wants man partner In chicken ranch.
30 Hannah st., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a partner ln fair
paying saloon; terms reasonable. Box 110,
Call office.
~ ROOMS WANTED.
UNFURNISHED room, centrally located; per-
manent; state terms. Box 64, Call office.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the mott
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates: cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty: flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. $".; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason st. corner Market
DR. LUDLUJ-HSILL. 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
, _
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up: crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
LOWEST prices ln S. F. ; painless extraction
j guarantd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor, 6th.
j SET of teeth without a plPte. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
. LOST.
LOST— purse on Sacramento-st. car con-
taining 45 cents In small change and $200
note. Return Lane Hospital, Clay and Web-
ster sts.
LOST— Fox terrier dog last Sunday. Suitable
reward offered if returned to 1713 Golden
Gate aye.
_
LOST— Fawn greyhound bitch. Fifteenth aye.
■ and J St., Sunset District. Reward.
r FOX terrier bitch pup; 9 months; tail half
black and white, not cut: head tan and
black; liberal reward. Return to 508 Com-
mercial St.
LOST— SS reward: fox terrier bitch; 1 brown
and 1 mottled ear and black snots on back;
answers to name of Cricket. 1207". Devisadero.
LOST-*-May 1. blue cloth cape, finely tucked, on
road to Cliff or at Sutro car house. Reward
at 712 Shotwell st,
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
A NEAT holiday gift for your daughter, a nice
solitaire diamond ring for $9; cost $20.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
—
BICYCLE— AI, for sale, cheap or trade; what
have you? Address or call 1310 Stockton st.
GOOD bargain: piano for sale cheap; must
sell. 1924 Howard st.
FOR sale Cheap; 2 portable ovens. Call at
1819 Polk st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
__.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale. 633 Bryant
street.
. ___
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.
above Sixth.
BARGAIN— H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st
BARS, ■ counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mlssicn st.
SAFES— sizes, new and second hand. THB
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
•GASOLINE engines— l horsepower. $100; 2, $125;
8, $150; $4. $175. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS thoroughly renovated. 3<_c yard.
GREENWALT & CO.. 127 10th: tel. Folsom
181; Howard. Mission and I_arkin st. cars.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st: cleaning 3c per- yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
TO LEASE.
; ho^Se^to^eaJje^
In the hills. 900 feet elevation, 5 miles west of
Stanford University, overlooking Santa Clara
Valley; delightful climate; comfortable resi-
dence of 15 rooms, furnished or not; has hot
and cold water; 25 acres of land well laid out
in grass, flowers and fruit, Including 1400 fruit
trees; with barn, stable, outhouse, etc.; good
road and trail through redwood forest: must
be seen to be appreciated; will be leased to a
desirable' tenant on reasonable terms on ac-
count of owner> intended absence. For terms,
etc., apply to JOHN H. GILMORE, 321 Mont-
gomery st. San Francisco.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY," rented; repalreX~b^ght~sol-7
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, -nted*. re-
palring at lowest rates 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Post -t. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
, lag, advance, etc 735 Market; tel. Black SU.
\ : ■ ..-.-■•-■- -- ...:.■ •"_-.•-- - ■■ .. .-■. --r.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A L$--,>; WELL-STACKED bar in public pleas-
ure grounds; no night work: no free lunch;
::. inthly receipts $6001 rer.t J4O; lease. Parti-
ctitars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sl6oo: SALOON doing a rushing business and
elegar.tiy fitted up; cppoe*!te the ferries build-
ing; rent $100; 3 years' lease; a splendid loca-
tton and an Al raying place. Call K. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A-J2-;j; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
St.; established many years; doing flrst-class
paying business; living rooms; daily receipts.
$3'); large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery ar.d coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 50; average dally
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE. 906 Maiket St., room 6.
A— s4C"-<-; MECHANICS' hotel, close to iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6 years; clearing above $300 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen; good-paying bar, etc. ;
r.ew 5 years' lease; always 2i>o or more steady
boarders; ihvestlg-te at once; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G. WILKE. rm. $. 906 MarkeL
A-$250; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location In the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE. rm. S. 906 Market.
V - —BAKERY with restaurant; good horse and
wagon; : irp-- cash trade: retiring fr&m busi-
ness caus-e of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 M_r.:-; sf.
$10. "'•:«"— HOTEL: good paying old established
business: going East cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN .. CO.. 777 Market st.
$-"■■- ■ '■:_!' e.-tabllshed beer bottling business;
etc; first-class trade; will sell half In-
teri for $300. JONES & CO.. 565 Market.
$:7.v COAL yard and oil business; 30 years -es-
inblis ed; great sacrifice: any one looking
irgalns see this. JONES & CO.. 565
*■ irket st.
. KREDO & oo 22' i Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCE BROKERS.
:".' Cigar store: down town; a snap.
.: Parber shop; 2 chairs; clears $25 weekly.
$175— Branch bakery and notions: near school.
'.:■*— Drug store; %2<\ daily; value in slock:
doctor's practice worth $3<X> per month.
STATIONERY stnre, bazaar; fln» paving. .$3"."-''
rner grocery; old established; good bus. 15' 1 "*
Fir-> eld established bakers- 12ft)
i-;.iying branch bakery 450
Variety store, doing good business 250
Big bargains. EITEL ie CO.. 101* Market st.
TO ge;i your huslnes-s promptly for cash apply
HEALY & HIMMEL. Sl7 Market St.
$250-^-HOME hakerj' and lunch room: make
offer. HEALT & HIMMEL. 1-17 Market st.__
BRANCH bakers*; gTeat sacrifice this day.
COWING .v CO., Sf*s Market St.
SALOON; living rooms: roust sell b«fore 12
o'clock to-day. COWING fr CO.. 995 Market.
$>'-•— COUNTRY hotel; 12 rooms: newly fur-
nished; rent $12 50; 2 v»ars' lease. C. F.
MOORE. '-35 Market .--t.. room 4.
1150-^PARTNER in light business: $1S to $2:, a
w*ek: no experience required; must b*? relia-
ble. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
!2i- — RESTAURANT; oak fixtures: receipts $-<*:
Investigate. National Agency. 7S3H Market.
BARGAIN! ? BARGAIN ! BARGAIN!
Grocery* and Ur for sale; must be e-old at
once; owner going to Stockton. ll r »J Union
st., c" rner Leavenworth.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
In-iulre at ZIEGLER BROS.', 527 Montgom-
ery st.
BARBER shop. 14 Goi.ten Gate aye.. for sale
cheap, account sickness. Call 12*_ William st.
BARBERS— -Best bargain for $65; 3-chalr shop.
1317 Dv.'por.t et.
RESTAURANT fcr sale, with 2 living rooms;
rer.t only $10. 1631 Market, near Haight.
$I,V*— PARTNER in contracting nnd office busi-
n--« : -.*:':. j ty tig money to each; 15 years in
business; ir.-.estisate; no agents. Box 656,
Call.
FOR sale— Restaurant: must be soM at once;
: * reasonable offer refused. J. M. DUNCAN,
1 :*"•" Mission st.
CARPENTER shop and 3 rooms; rent $6 50.
1725 Market st.
RENOWN cigars: 7 for 25 cents. BROWN-
ST* INE'S. 331 Ellis St.
GOOD business saloon cheap. East st.. near
Folsom; receipts $15 day. Box _i.; 4. Call offlce.
SHOE shop that will clear $.*"J per month: good
prices; low rent: must sell. 332 Bush st.
BARBERS— Good shop for sale. 952 Mission st.
PARTIES having a business of any kind or
city and country real estate-to sell or ex-
change should apply to Nat. Ag'cy. 7S3'. Mkt.
SALOON for sale; good paying business in
good business quarter. Inquire 729 Montgom-
ery ?t., room 9.
FOR sale — The choicest ever offered In country
hotel property; the Farmers' Exchange Ho-
tel In Llvermore. opposite depot: 2-story
hotel, cottage. stables and outhouses: lot
154x150: water and ga* all through' the hotel;
elegant barroom; furniture in splendid con-
dition; present owner for 25 years; old age
ar.d ill health cause of sale. Apply to - EBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 32i Sansome st.. or
at hotel, fcr further Information.
$:' OO- WHOLESALE and retail fruit business;
sales $100 per day: established 15 years; spten-
>":: : chance for bright man. Box 210, Call.
$-'■-.— GROCERY and bar: rent $2); 4 living
roorr.s; rent paid to "o. 23. WICHMAX
LUTGEN & CO., 313 Clay st.
FOR sale — Good paying restaurant; city front;
on account of sickness. Call 140 Fifth st.
*. —CIGAR store; day trade. Apply 227 Bat-
tery st.
PARTNER is wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432. Call offlce; investigate.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
office,
i _
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
IS -ROOMS: (FINE:* CORNER
NEW ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COST 114 10— PRICE, $SOO.
14 rocms: on Farreil st 350
J7-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
33 rooms; clears $100; only.. 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house.... 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-room house; clears $300; payments 3000
M-room house: clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 458
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp sth.
10-ROOM house; 5 minutes' walk from Call
office; $530. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22'- Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$125— Elegant 6-room 'it: new carpets.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished: full,
i^vi — US rooms: very swell boarding.
Also a number of large houses from $300
to $10,000. KREDO fr CO.
$3000—40 ROOMS, new furniture, clears $150 per
monin; 72 rooms; IS rooms; 30 rooms; 12
rcoms; great bargains; lodging-houses soil
and exchanged : money loaned at 2 per cent.
EITEL ft co., 1016 Market st.
FINELY furnished 21-room house to trade for
one of 40 to 70 rooms: 14-room house for $150;
"''-room house for $500, north, of Market. Ger-
man-American, 34 Kearny st.
$2'""'*— LODGING house of 15 rooms, near New
Montgomery and Second sts.. at a sacrifice.
HEALY & HIMMEI 517 Market st.
$.v«%— SUNNY comer; 23 rooms: plainly fur- 1
nished: cheap rent; paying well. Bex 1000,
Call offlce.
SACRAMENTO, c.4— -..-house. 15 well- .
f urnished rooms; rent $40; no agents.
$'<0— 25 ROOMS: always occupied; furniture
good order: compulsory sale; returning to
France. 231H Bush st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cell. 16 pages, sent to any address In th» j
United States or 'Canada one year for tl. '
ro-tp_.«> paM.
furniture: for sale.
TO sell at once, furniture of 5-room flat: al- i
most new; rent of flat $!6. Inquire 1712 '
Howard st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
tOc. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
COMPLETE furniture of 5 rooms to be sold _T
a barrel... 411 Natoma st.
FOR sale— Furniture of 10-rocm house. 811 !
Mission St.: t2'.*o.
' ROOMS furnish *d In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE ANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market si "pays highest
casta price for furniture, groceries, etc.
HORSES.
FOR sale— loo head of mares nd geldings-
broke and unbroke: 4 to 8 years old; weigh-
ing from 1100 to 1550 pounds; Belgian vto.k;
solid collars. At the Canty Ranch. Gray-
eon, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons,, buggies,
rsrts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE ft
M I> H ALL'S sale yard. 1722 Market st.
WAGONS AAD CARRIAGES.
3-7.EATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top: good as new. 1130*4 Howard. i
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; i bug-
gies; 2 extra flne delivery wag. 823 Harrison.
JOO BETB second-hand harness; wagons, carts, j
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. j
PERSONALS.
COMPLETE line ladies* taifr-made suits: low
prices; easy pvayments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 13c6 Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LEDERER'S Quintonica. only .ration that i
does no intury to the scalp, Ssc bot. ; switches
_ up. '*.. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.^
LEDERER is the only up-to-date hair dresser;
price, 25c: switches. $1 up; see window dis-
play this week. I^derer's Foamo Shampoo,
5c ; kg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
AT LINCOLN* BROS.— IO lbs. rolled its, 25c;
butter, 25c roll; 20 lbs. granulated sugar, $1; 3
lbs. coffee, $1; flour, 75c sack; 10 cans jelly.
11; picnic hams. 7c lb.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above wm.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system: brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem- :
edy tn the world; imported from Paris; take
not! . else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine: in red wrapi>ers with crown trade j
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. drug- s
gists. 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO.,
druggists, NW. cor. Ith and ward, agents.
JOHN I_ BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at aw. ar.d Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. _.aw a Specialty.
San Francisco. Oal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 si> per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and .the ferry.
i BEST lunch in town. 75c, at the Pup Rotls-
| serie. 12-14 Stockton St. j
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
St., near Twenty-flfth; Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessens*
Classes. $2. $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons
$* .1 weekly; $10 i 2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 vt.)
and $25 i every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. EUSAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order: all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. tg| Haight.
T. BRILLIANT. S3S-~340 Post St.. will s7ll~yo~u
furniture, carp-ets. cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. iSHITARI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Foleom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
MISS YON BERG of 22S Taylor, moved to 294
Ellis i The Clifford), rooms 49 and 50.
SUITS to order. $1 per week. CHICAGO LOCK
CO.. 1514 Market st. ; •■pen evenings.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
SBARBORO & CO.. grocers, formerly of E3l
Washington, have removed to 621 Mor.tgy st.
WANTED — Old gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. SIS O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at ca_sh prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no injec-
tion; guarntd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine.ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S ." 0; bedrm sets $$;bed loung-s
?4 SO; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
IHESMIAKKKS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up: dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy." MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts. $1: plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 25c. 910 Pine st.
Miir.lLi.li HAIR
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Busn
st.; 15 years' experience: references given.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader: medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free. sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 6u5 McAllister; come skeptics.
SIRS. S. SIEP. peycbomeu-Ut; 11 to 5, 5Cc;
circles evenings except Sat., 10c. 1724 Market.
I MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 113 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ; j
Men S; ?sc: Kings. $1. 223 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known -tune
teller, has opened an office at 3",." O'Farrell. :
CLAIM > _> 1 ANTS.
A— A— A—
PROFESSOR MAX DUBOIS.
Celebrated clairvoyant, trance medium and (
expert palmist of Paris (France), office,
1130 MARKET ST.,
Between Mason and Taylor s:_.
Mr Dubois is recognized by the press,
medical* faculty and scientists generally aa [
the foremost and most able practloner of
pure and honest clairvoyancy in this country. j
Five minutes spent with him will convince
every skeptic that he has nothing in common
Wit that clas3 of so-called "mediums" that j
invest every city in this country. Without
asking a single question he reveals your
past, present and future life, calling your
| triends and enemies by full name He helps
the unfortunate and lends his power (which
Is stronger than that of any medium now
in San Francisco) to help every caller to ]
succeed ln the realisation of their desires. |
Unhappy lovers, unsuccessful business men. <
those inflicted with so-called "incurable" i
diseases, will find Professor Dubois a true j
friend who wilt set then: aright and help j
them to their success and happiness.
No matter what your trouble may be, con- j
suit Professor Dubois and you will depart :
thoroughly satisfied that there is at least J
one reliable medium now In your city.
Professor Dubois' charges are moderate, j
and within the reach of all. The small fee
of {'_ charged on all consultations. Daily
and Sunday. 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Absolute
satisfaction guaranteed. Letters must con-
tain $1 lf answer is expected. Palmistry* I
taught: mediumship developed. Address
PROFESSOR DUBOIS. 1130 Market st.
, — ■
A-MRa DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO,
AT IQ23H MARKET STREET.
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which j
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove In-
fluence, bad habits: will give correct Informa- j
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. —Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023*. Market street. Pin Francisco.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: bom with double veil an'! second
sight: diagnoses disease: full life reading: la-
dles, 50c: gents, tl: sit.. _ 50. 126 Turk st.
YOUR future told by cards: ladies. 25c; gents, i
50c. 326 Larkln. cor. Golden Gate, room 6.
removed from 1033 Mission st . downstairs.
MRS. L. DEAN, for' . telfer and palmist. |
1065 Market St.. room 2. |
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, I
palmist and planets. 23 Sixth st., moms 2-3.
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from (
Africa. 223 Post St., room 8. ;
MYRTLE POTTER— Celebrated card reader 1
from New York City. E6s*. Market. Parlor 12.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant i
and palmist; truth or no pay: Be.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist snd psyohom-
statist: parlors 2 and 3, S3*. Market st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny st.. r. 34: French and German spoken. I
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card i
reader. IIOA Geary st.. rooms 1 and S.
MISH EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 6. |
RETURN ED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant j
and palmist. 120 Ellis St.. parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. clairvoyant and |
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10. j
MME. HAYS returned; card reader an! mag- |
netlst. 207 Powell St.. rooms 5 and 6.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE cradle to grave; future hus-
Itwnd's picture. "<-: ladles 914 O'Farrell st
ASTROLOGY. '
ASTROLOGY — Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer ln America; sketch of life andpros-
nects, send date of birth, sex and 12c. PRO-
FESSOR SERRANO. P. O. box 5233. Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger
main. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2C21; reading by mail. Jl.
A— MME. DUSHNELL. the famous palmist. I
916 Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
1021 Market St., bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1599.
' HOUSES TO LET.
A— lo-ROOM elegant house; reduced from $40 !
' **° ■*•**-• : month '■.-. SPECK & CO.. m Market.
GOLDEN GATE. 1206— Sunny 10 rooms and
bath; rent $45. ASHTON -i GARDINER. 411
Montgomery st.
GREENWICH. 902. NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
: sunny side: rent $25.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. 10 Montgomery st. "'-;---*.
MINNA, 621, in rear, bet. 6th and 5-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
VALENCIA 121S-6 rooms and bath: rent $20.
ASHTON A- GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, bet. 12 and 3 p. m.. 655
i Guerrero st.
j TO let— s' large sunny rooms; modern Improve-
ments: large yard. Apply on premises, bet.
12 and 3 p. m., CSS Guerrero st.
V; COTTAGES TO LET.
A— LOVELY Eastlake cottages (nice), only 112.
at SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE new flats reduced from $30 to $25. At
SPECK & CO.'S, •-: Market st.
A— NICE clean flats of 3 and 4 rooms, reduced
from $12 to $10 and $S. at SPECK ft CO.
CLAYTON. 572-574, south of Fred* * Modern
sunny flats; 4 and a rooms; bath: cheap.
CASTRO, lis near 17th and Market— New mod-
ern sunny aouble upper flat; stable; cheap.
FINE sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath; modern; $15;
122 Alpine, near Haight and Broderick sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, _ Montgomery st.
■ FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
I FLAT of 6 rooms, $14: also cottage, 4 rooms, to
small family. 623 Second st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; stable, 4 stalls.
2702 Twentieth st.. corner Hampshire.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms; sunny. 3SOS Seven-
teenth St.. near Sanchez.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SACRAMENTO. 1361—3 rooms separate en-
trance; rent $12 50.
SACRAMENTO, 1226— Sunny flat of 5 rooms.
SUNNY flat. « rooms and bath; water free;
rent fli 1014% Twenty-sixth St.. near Florida.
UPPER flat. 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry:
storeroom; $12. 2413 Clay St., near Fillmore.
! UPPER fiat. I Choice sunny rr- ms. pantry;
111 lay St.. near Fillrr
$14— FLAT: double parlors, dining room and
kitchen. 41 Hermann, junction Market and
Valencia.
$13— COZY sunny lower flat, 4 rooms; bath;
yard. 22 Shotwell st.
$14— UPPER corner flat, 6 rooms and hath. Key
grocery, corner 24th and Florida sts.
$25— NEW S-room corner flat. Twentieth St.,
near Castro.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CARLOS place, near Powell and O'Farrell—
Furnished housekeeping rooms; also others;
.
: EDDY. 473— Two or 3 rooms, with closets and
pantry, furnished complete for housekeeping;
also sunny single room.
FIFTH. 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpr rooms: stove; closet; bath: private; $10.
FIFTH. 37-3—3 connecting rooms, $13; also sin-
gle. $4 up.
i GROVE. 104, cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg rms.: renovated; Incandescent lights.
: HARRISON, 676—3 nice sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
HARRISON. 731— Front and back parlor; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping: large
i yard: $13.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Desirable
housekeeping rooms for two; reasonable.
HOWARD, 106S— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
i HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1144— Furnished or un:ur. sunny
rcoms. kitchen, gas. bath, hot and cold water.
HYDE, 232— Runny front bedroom; kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping; sunny single rooms
$5 up. '
331 KEARNY, near Pine — Furnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping.
! LARKIN, — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete: gas range; bath.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near I -Room and
kitchen furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
LEXINGTON aye,, 210— Sunny front alcove;
kitchen furnished complete; housekeeping;
bath; $12. -
MARKET, 1023— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfur-
! nished, $5.
! McALLISTER, 714—3 sunny front housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $12 50.
! MINNA, 546—2 or S rooms complete for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 1213— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
j NINTH, 20. near Market— l sunny connecting
rms. for hskpg, $10; single, $6; stove; water.
NINTH. 21— Sunny suite for light housekeeping;
j running water; stove.
ONE large sunny room, complete for house-
keeping, $1 25 per week, $1 50 per month. Ap-
ply at shoestore, 562 Mission St.. between
First and Second streets.
POST, 527. near Hyde — Furnished housekeeping
' suite also single room; reasonable.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
SIXTH, Large sunny room for light house-
keeping; 11 per week: quiet house.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TEHAMA, 424, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Newly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
THIRTEENTH. 408, cor. Valencia— Suite* of
sunny front rooms: nicely furnished, coal
stove, bath, telephone, $12 month; also single
room, $4 month.
i VAN NESS aye , 400—3 well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
WASHINGTON, 502— Live downtown, save car
fare; 2 sunny suttee of 3 rooms each: cheap; I
no children.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 117 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single: flrst-class I
in every respect; terms reasonable.
1 AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 M day. MRS. J. KINO.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
BOHEMIA, Ml Post— Sunny cor. suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator.
BUSH. 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms.
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
1 BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished room for gentle-
man, $7 per month: references.
CARROLTON, 1106 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices. *
j CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
! EDDY. Three unfurnished rooms and yard:
rent 18.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House — rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er end better than any house in the city.
j ELLIS. 607— Newly furnished rooms with first-
class table board, $5 week; phone and bath.
• ELLIS, 635. cor. Larkin— 2 or 3 sunny rooms; i
mantel and gas.
! ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, ]
double or single; reasonable.
j FOLSOM. 1227— Sunny rooms In a private fam- I
ily; nicely furnished; use of kitchen.
GEARY, 14A, opposite Claus Spreckels build-
ing— Front neatly furnished suite of rooms;
second floor.
GEARY, 556— Sunny front parlor; folding bed:
piano; phone; suites and other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and !
Mission Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family I
rooming house; $150. to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784*4, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all home com-
forts; $1 week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 819 Sutter— under j
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites; }
t-in-rle rooms; most central part city: elevator.
HOWARD, Large, sunny, homelike ;^i~so
per week: bath.
•KEARNY, 215— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
1 large elegant suite on flrst floor; rent rea-
sonable. MRS. E. M. TOBIN.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
: KEARNY. 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms I
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient- ,
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished.
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271 — Elegant modern sunny |
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able. .
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
POST, 3— Newly furnished rooms, single and
en suite, from $1 60 to $6 week.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, emoklng room and
ladies' parlor: room per night, 35c to $1 50; 1
week, $2 to $8: month, $8 to $30; elevator on !
offlce floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths. |
SECOND. 62A— Nicely furnished front suite; [
suitable fcr light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 178, upstairs— Nice respectable lady I
for roommate; nice rooms and cheap rent.
SEVENTH. 192— Pleasant sunny rooms; day or j
week; respectable; moderate rates.
SEVENTH. 229— Sunny front furnished room;
$4 50. ■ ft ■
i SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, lO*. between Turk and Eddy— 2 rooms
furnished for housekeeping; no objection to
children.
TURK. 127— Room for man and wife; single
rooms from $3 to $5 a month.
VAN NESS aye.. 904— Elegantly furnished al- l
cove suite; also single room; large closets;
running water; gas; bath; private family; [
reasonable.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. \
II pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. :
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA. "The Bingli^"^arifcrnla
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts. j
ELEGANT parlor suite; hot and cold water; •
first-class table board. 219 Leavenworth.
ELLIS. Sunny alcove room, with good
board: $50 for two. |
FIRST, '415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking: single, $25: double, $20.
O'FARRELL --1 Elegant large sunny rooms
and suit: with or without board.
POWELL. 309 Waldorf Beautifully furnished
suites and single rooi.is; excellent board.
SUTTER. Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— Sunny front suite !
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board, ;
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau- j
rant. 44-58-68 Third St.; take elevators: French
dinners. 2.V-; also a la carte: tel. Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8 i
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell. j
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice j
cream parlor. 1015 Market.: norrnla- prices.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates; also furnished apartments.
CHILUKfa- BOARDED.
GOOD home for children. $8: Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye . near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO L_;T.
: SMALL BRICK BTORE .
New. and near Fourth and Market sts.; with
2 rooms attached. Nos. 259-261 Stevenson st. ;
rent $30.
STORE. 2M and Castro; new building: fixtures
I for grocery and saloon. Key 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch j
bakery: 4 living rocms: cheap. 2S4S Folsom St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 10714 Market St.. S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings. - ■■ - • ; .
MEDICAL.
LADIES — If you suffer from irregularities, ob- \
i structlons or weakness, why submit to meth-
I ods which are painful and danger- or take
drugs which only irritate, but never cure. j
Don't despair until you 'read "Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects." Explains all !
women ought to know; full particulars about ',
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure In 24 hours. -
Don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank; mailed free on receipt of 4c In
Stamps In plain envelope, or consult us free at :
office. DR. ROUXEL. 935 Market st.; hours,
12-4 and 7-S p. m.. Sundays excluded.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
: ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
! at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the j
same day; no instruments used: cure at offlce, j
$5; home in confinement ; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con.
sulting the doctor, free, before going else- '
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet-
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 J
p. m. Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female i
diseases; all those who are sick or discour- ]
aged should call on the doctor and state their j
case before going elsewhere; they will And in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
| privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fldential; home treatment, $5: no Instruments
Used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkln: offlce hours. 10 to 12. 2
i to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
IMPORTANT— A progress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time, .
! no matter how long standing; travelers helped ;
| at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5: restores ln 1 day and i
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation ,
free. The well known, celebrated specialist '
and ladies' physician, practice 37 years, :
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearney st. i
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men ana women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
j avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home, i
etc; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market st.:
pills. $1; very strong. $2. 1
A TREATMENT that • restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
! anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In- j
stantly; consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; offlce hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
'< A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
' ties than any other physician; never fails to [
cure; consult him flrst. save time and money; !
treatment can be used at home: consultation ,'
free. Call or write. 1023V4 Market st.
1 AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics: '
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions:
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free; !
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in i
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity i
home: best medical attendance: pills. $1: cure, i
$5. 1362 Market, beL 7th-Sth; tel. Howard 424. I
' DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 111- Golden Gate !
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every .
comfort; best care and attention, terms mod- j
crate: regular physician In 'tendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good I
homes; call before consulting others.
I DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and |
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San Fran- '■
! cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi- |
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties belns used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 !
and 7 to 9 p. m. ________^ I
1 LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills j
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps, for particulars; '
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at !
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
! ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
j est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay |
st ; $1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
i ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50; '
[ expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal. i
| MRS. M. HEHN. midwife; specialty REV.
KNEIP'S celebrated treatment. 2230 Mission.
i MRS. E. .1. WILLIAMS, electrician, has re-
moved from 967 Mission to 501 Jessie, cor. fith. |
MASSAGE given by nurse. ROGERS, 1529 j
Geary st. Hours, 9 to 6.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;sS up.
I DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
rases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
ATTORNEYS Al' LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law-
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at- i
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases: wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees: call or write. '
I ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte.
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. j
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927 I
Market; consultation free: no fees ln advance. |
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. I W. !
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTIiUME-iTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for ii
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased fcr ajl cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, fl and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland. .>->.-..-_-
A FEW special bargains from .ilto up.
Weber; used 6 months.
Chickeing; good as new.
Knabe; a bargain.
Emerson; flne condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Voce ; walnut case.
16 monthly payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. J CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west cf Chicago Is KOHLER __ CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and-
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done. to please and satisfy the
customer. ■ -. .
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano, positively
new, sacrificed to-day at half price. Room
12. Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $3;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
$!-"■ FOR high-grade upright pi,-.. . ..os: <"50. .
513 f'hcneiy st.; San Mateo electric cars.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 "5 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed en sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
R A. DANIELS ls now with BYRON
MAUZY. 30S to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances en
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
i SOHMER. Bj-ron Mauzy and other pianos*, SOS
Post st. '
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailett _ Davis planc3.
BARGAIN upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
I'UUI'OSAI.S.
PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for IS9S.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2026 .
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis- .
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su- :
! pervisors on MONDAY' AFTERNOON.
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
pointing, publishing and distributing of
; the delinquent tax list for the year IS9S, j
; to contain the names of the persons and ;
j a description of the -property delinquent ;
i and the amount of taxes and costs due .
i opposite each name, and a notice unless
! the taxes delinquent, together with the i
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
I erty upon which Bald taxes are a' lien
i will be sold at public auction. Such I
' publication to be made and thoroughly
distributed on a business day, at least ;
once in each week, for three successive
weeks; in a pamphlet fc*rr> as a supple- I
ment to a daily newspaper of general cir- I
cuiation, published in the city and j
county of San Francisco. in the
| English language, and said, supple- j
; ment must be sent and distrib- j
I uted on the days specified with every
I number of the paper issued and distrib- ,
| uted, by carriers, by mail or otherwise.
< The first issued to be so distributed on or '•
; before the first day of June. 1899, ami the I
i others weekly thereafter, and to desig- j
! nate the time and place of sale and in all !
respects conform to the provisions of the
Political Code and to be done under the i
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said j
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax j
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any
demand on the Treasury therefor will
be approved. Within one week after the '
flrst publication of said list fifty (50) I
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of. a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said !
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his office
for use .in the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies, interleaved, to be delivered !
to the Tax Collector's office within two !
I weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi- '
! lege at any and all times during the cxc-
' cution of the said contract of witnessing |
■ the same and giving instructions relative
thereto either personally or through his !
J chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
nate. . .
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must be lirst read by copy
and corrected by the printer.
Second— Submitted in slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— Revise to be submitted to and .
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or his
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or ;
alterations are made by said Tax Collec- i
tor, or his chief deputy, or deputy, a -cor- i
rected revise must be presented to and
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off, and as the work progresses I
when a form is struck off a copy of the I
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be main* as hereinafter pro- !
vided, and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re- ;
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Printing and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
made before a notary public in and for
the said City and County, and to set
forth that the contract for printing, pub-
lishing and distributing the Delinquent
Tax List for the year 1898, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
in strict conformity to and with these
specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
said City and County for the payment of
the contract price In United States gold
coin, when satisfactory evidence is fur-
nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the said contract has
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
complished in conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum cf rot less than ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars, and with as |
many sureties as the Committee on Print- '
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super- i
visors may elect to require for the faith- j
ful execution of said contract must be
I given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
understanding that the Supplemental De-
linquent Tax List, If any, shall be pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
that the price to be paid for each assess-
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent
Tax List shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on !
the Delinquent List.
The space occupied by prefatory notices,
remarks and explanatory matter will be !
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter In said list. Said
extra matter and pro rata to be com-
puted by an expert to ne appointed by the
said Committee on Printing and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors.
In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must -übstantially con-
form to and with the list hereunto at-
tached of last year.
Each proposal for printing, publishing
and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the daily newspaper
published in said City and County in
which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— The price to be charged for
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or uoil tax.
Third— The names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must -.ontain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, ->rior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication In the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for the faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be indorsed "Publishing .
Delinquent Tax List"
JNO. a. RUSSELL. Clerk.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Arrll 2?. IS99— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, ur.tll 1! o'clock
a. m., Monday, May 20. 1599. and then opened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1399. forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks. Cal. ; also at same , time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for Alcatraz
Island, Angel Island. Fort Baker. Benicia
Barracks. Fort Mason. Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, and San Francisco. Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of American production, conditions
of price and quality (including in the price of
foreign productions the doty thereon) being
equal, and such preference "given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast, to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
. San Diego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing bids to b Indorsed "Pro-
posals for Forage and Straw," and addressed
to said Quartermaster, or to J. M. MAR-
SHALL. Deputy Quartermaster General, U.
S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PEREMPTORY
AUCTION SALE
BY THE PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
THURSDAY,
MAY UTH, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
AT 10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BY ORDER OF A. C. FREEZE.
EX-PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
BALDWIN __ HOWELL WILL SELL,
AT AUCTION:
AT AUCTION:
No. 800, ftifiA and 60614 Third St., near Bran-
nan; lot 25x156:8, running through to Ritoh St.;
improvements consist of a 3-story building on
Third st.. containing 2 stores and 2 stories
above, also a 3-story building (No. 307 Ritch
st.), containing 6 flats of 3 rooms each; total
; rents ;-*-.
Southeast corner Octavia and Oak sts.; lot 50x
80; Improvements consist of a 2-story building
| on the corner, containing a store and 2 rooms,
and a flat above of 5 rooms and bath; also a
2-story residence on Octavia st. (No. 264), con-
taining 8 rooms and bath, etc.; total rents $70;
there is about 35x50 feet vacant, which should
be improved.
Nos. 2657 and 2659 Howard St., near Twenty-
third; 2 flats of 6 rooms each; rent $40; large
lot 30x122:6.
Let on south side of Ripley place. 230:9 west
of Alabama St.; size of lot 30x150, running
through to Waltham place.
Lot on northeasterly line of Fifteenth aye..
275 feet southeast of R st.; size 25x100; street
graded, sewered and macadamized.
Lot on the southwesterly line of Fourteenth
aye., 275 feet southeast of R .-: , i'.-cIOO.
Lot on the west line of Forty-third aye., 100
feet south of Q st;-f oxl2o.
Lot on the north line of Trumbull St., 120
feet east of Condon; 30x16'"'. through to Canal st.
Lot on the north side of Silver aye., 200 feet
west of Barneveld ai>. ; 25x73.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ&- BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— $300— Choice lots near Ocean Beach; very
easy installments.
$100— 5125— Bargains! Level lots In Ocean j
View, near electric cars; $10 down; 25 monthly. j
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots: j
superb view; fine climate; $25 down; $10 ;
monthly.
$250 to Choicest Richmond lots; all bar- J
| gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— Lots near Miaslon-st. electric ;
cars; ready to build on.
Branch offlce on Ninth aye., near H st. ;
open Sundays.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
$2200— A NEW 6-room and bath cottage, with I
all the latest improvements; lot 25x125; $400
cash, balance $25 monthly; Twentieth st.,
bet. Castro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
$1350 — 4-ROOM -tire and lot 27:6x100; furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
mond st.. near Twentieth.
<9">t'— For Lie, a 3-room cottage, with stable
and basement, near car line. Apply H.
GEORGE. 533 California st.
IF you have lots that you wish to sell north
cf the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 12S and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
$100 CASH. $25 mo.* $1900-$2400: 4-5 rm. cottages:
*-. block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or IIBA 11th.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HWSEslmdToirfro^n^2^^ &MQO
Ram from 2 to 1000 acres, $100 t0... $20,000
500 business places from $50 to $ 5.000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. c. DECKER. I*:- Market st . or 15 Eddy.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity: see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
I quickly. Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg., 117- Markt.
j LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F. Oak-
l.md or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
I Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6'_ per cent on real estate. 2d
and '■':•'. mortgages, .-states, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay R. .v . . OLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- :
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market St.; telephone Main '44.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
' ONELLL Conservator}' bldg.. 130 Powell st.
STRAIGHT tip: co where you can save inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need ]
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought; short
notice. J. ■ ; '.;.' iBER, 2." Battery si
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Examiner big.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil tad mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship. $50: low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day.
even. ; San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day & eve.;
est. 1964, VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. '-27 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and nighty correspondence.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE. *
To AH Whom It May Concern— Notice | 9
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application In writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application. for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April. 1599. called for the purpose of
passing upon the questicn. it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication ln some newspaper '
published In the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days
Therefore, all persons having any Interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to I
oppose the granting of the same are here- '
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May. 1899. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition. j
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court thi«
the 17th day of April. 1899. "**"
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE
County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Clerk of the
6upenor Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury. San Francisco '
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1593 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15. 1880.
also ln accordance with an act of the Stato
Legislature, approved March IS. 1572. there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co.. at their salesrooms. 31 and 33 Sutter
St.. on MONDAY. May 15. 1899. at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.: also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sals.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer. |
COUNTRY REAL -STATE.
$2500— ORCHARD, 15 miles south of SarTjosel
12 acres 4-year-old prunes, house of 7 rooms,
barns, etc.; good well of water; 5 minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE. 90S Market st. .
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County: 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable: 12
acres m wheat. Address box 803. Call.
26 MORA lots. 12 miles from San Luis
Obispo, on tract of new railroad, for sale or
exchange for cows, restaurant or other prop-
erty at a bargain. MRS. BUECHEL, 20 Ninth
st., near Market, San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL home in Napa Valley, 2 miles
from the station: 19 acres; part fruit: good
house; plenty of water; price $2500; your own
time to pay it; would take cottage as part
payment. Call or address the owner, 1668
Fourteenth St., West Oakland.
1 NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-9S addiess THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California st., 3. F.
j FRUIT, grain and i .ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE,
$25 CASH. $5 monthly till raid for. will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling; 250 feet new
fencing and shade trees: price $3011 in all;
flpe soli: grand view; excellent climate; lays
in tropical Frultvale Valley: settling up rap-
Idly; streets all graded; main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard: elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., near Broadway. Oakland: carriage free.
H. 7 JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A_N introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$ '•OO— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600 — Lot 30x150: with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School: easy terms.
$2600— Lot 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 43x135: fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station: $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MortEAL & CO..
142;', Park St.. Alameda.
A'.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles ln delicate health: larg»
( grounds; private. MRS. - CNKE. 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT. ~~
10 minutes' walk from university; electrio
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet ln depth: fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
$4100— FOR sale: in Berkeley; central business
property now paying 10 p°r cent: will always
improve. Address P. O. box 8, Lorln.
BERKELEY FURNISHED COT I AGES.
A FURNISHED cottage to rent for the sum-
mer; 7 rooms and bath: large grounds, orch-
ard: barn: terms reasonable: references; near
cars, 2519 College aye.. Berkeley.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Marius Lacier an.'. Marie Guillemer 31-20
Charles Wilson and Katherlne E. Robinson.26-23
Ed. C. Beel - and Alice 3 Judd . 36-36
F. J. McPhilllps and Mamie F. Demartini. 23-22
: D. E.- Bortree and Caroline A Kerchevai.. sB-52
nBIRTHS~MARRIAGES"-^Tm~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
i mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices -nd be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BORCK— In this city. May 2. HO?, to the wife
L. J. Borck. a daughter.
FATTEN— In this city, May 2. 1899, to the wife
of Harry A. Patten, a son.
SHERMAN— In this city. April 3. 1599, td the
wife of John Sherman, a daughter.
__________
married7~
GRANGER— COOLET— In this city, by Judge
Seweli, a Granger of San Francisco and
Maud Cooley of Paso Robles.
~~ DIED.
Berrill. Charles L. Lefevre. James J.
Donovan, Julia Mever. Henry
Erb. John B. Murphy, Ralph
Forbes. Ella Reed. Sarah
Halligan. Thomas Schmidt. Anna E.
Kelly. Josie Walsh. Thomas
Kimble. Alonzo C. Wllz, Mary C.
BERRILL— May 1. 1*99. Charles L. Berrill of
Fruitvale. beloved husband of Grace Prich-
' ard Berrill, son of Mrs. Maris Berrill. and
brother of Joseph B. and Wilson W. T. Ber-
rill, a native of Honolulu, aged 33 years.
DONOVAN— In this city. May 2. 1899, Julia
Donovan, beloved mother of John. Timothy,
Cornelius and James Donovan. Mrs. Patrick
O'Leary. Mrs. William McDonough. Mrs
Frank Pierce, Mrs. A. J. Vander White and
Mrs. James O'Brien, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 73 years.
tC_*"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), from St. Charles Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 0::*".
o'clock. Interment private, in Holy Cross
Cemetery. . •
ERR— Napa. May 3. 1899, John B. dearly
beloved husband of Catherine J. Erb. and
loving father of Mrs. T. H. Curlev and Ag-
nes G. C, Nettie V., Mazie K. Kathlynn J.,
Fannie M. and the late. William H. Erb. a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 71 years 8
months and 4 days. Nevada and Placer
County papers please copy. )
FORBES— In Napa, Cal., May 3. 1899, Ella be-
loved wife of Thomas Y. Forbes, mother of
Margie and Thomas Forbes, daughter of John
and Susan Coleman, and sister of James and
John Coleman. Mrs. Annie Freeman and Mrs.
Susan Gorman, a native of Australia, aged
27 years.
HALLIGAN— In this city. May 3. 1899, Thomas,
brother of Alexander, David, Joseph and
John Halligan, a native of Carlingford,
County Louth, Ireland, aged .14 years
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 440 Third street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In the City and County Hospital, May
3, 1899, Josie Kelly, a native of the District
of Columbia, aged 2*l years.
KIMBLE— this city, May 3, 1899, Alonxo C.
beloved husband of Emily J. Kimble, and
father of George W. Kimble and Mrs. Delia
Lemmenness. a native of Vermont, aged 65
years 5 months and 3 days. '. • .
LEFEVRE— In Alameda. May 2, 1800, James
Jollymour Lefevre, beloved son of Frank and
the late Minnie Lefevre. and grandson of
Mrs. Mary Jollymour, a native of Alameda,
aged 5 years 9 months and 5 days. '
MEYER— In this city. May 3. 1899, Henry, be-
loved husband of Ad- la Meyer, and father
of Emma. - Harry and Willie Meyer, a na-
tive of Hanover. Germany, aged 50 years 10
months and 25 days. A member of Nord-
deutscher Verein and Germanla Lodge No. 7,
O. d. H. S.
E_7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from Shlels' Hall. 32 O'Farrell
street, where funeral services will be held,
commencing at . o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. May 2. 1889, Ralph, be-
I husband of Mary Murphy, and father
of Clifford and Margaret Murphy, a native of
California, aged 2S years.
C^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REED— In the City and County Hospital, May
3, 1-S9, Sarah Reed, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 61 years.
SCHMIDT— In this city, May 3. IBM, Anna
Emllst" Schmidt, a native of San Francisco,
a.ed 25 years 4 months and 13 days.
WALSH— In this city. May 2, ■■;•', Thomas
Walsh, a native of Massachusetts, aged 21
years. (Boston papers please copy.)
**_7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WILZ— In this city. May 3. 1899, at St. Marys
Hospital, Mary <*.. beloved wife of Theo. H.
Wiiz. and daughter of Mrs. Mary M. K»e, a
native of Canada. •■ .-. c =>
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALUSBS,
20 Fifth St.. epposite Lincoln Sdwok
Telephone South 89.
1112
SHERMAN AGAIN
QUARANTINED AT
ANGEL ISLAND
Ordered Back by Fed
eral Authorities.
— • —
CASE OF SMALLPOX ABOARD
— ♦ —
IT DEVELOPED AT THE PRE
SIDIO HOSPITAL.
♦
Major Matthews Discovered That
George Godley of the First Col
orado Regiment Was In
fected With It*
On Monday there were sent to the hos
pital at the Presidio forty-seven soldiers
who had returned on the transport Sher
man. 'ii- of these. Private George God
ley, Company G, First Colorado Regi
ment, was apparently suffering with dy
sentery. On Monday afternoon Godley,
with twelve other soldiers, was placed in
one of th** wards with two hospital stew
ards to attend to them. Tuesday Major
Matthews examined the man and found
that he had symptoms of smallpox. He
Immediately had him placed In an iso
lated tent and a guard placed over him,
SHERMAN BEING TOWED BACK TO QUARANTINE,
while the other men and the two stew
ard:- were confined to the ward and not
allowed to communicate with any one.
Major .Matthews at once notified Chief
Surgeon Forwood of this department,
Who gave him orders to ' 1 mediately com
municate with the Federal authorities.
This he did. an ' yesterday morning God
ley and the twelve soldiers who were in
the same ward with him and also the
two hospital stewards were taken
to Angel Island, where they are now in
quarantine. Major Matthews took the
precautions yesterday to have the ward
In which the men we're iced thoroughly'
disinfected and fumigated, and he also
had the tent in which Godley was con
fined burned. The other thirty-three sol
diers, who were indirectly exposed to the
disease in that they 1 ame over on the
Sherman, are at present confined in a
•ward to themselves. No one is allowed
to communicate with them and there is
a guard to prevent the men from getting
out. Major Matthews does not anticipate
a spread of the disease, but he cannot
say at present what the results may be.
The Sherman has been ordered back into
quarantine by Quarantine Officer Brooks.
Major Matthews thinks that the men
were discharged from the Sherman he
fore that vessel had been long enough
AEVI/RTISEMENTS.
, 1. "What Shall a
,\ yX <■/, flan Give? 'ii
§The solemn
question cornea
home to almost
every man at
some period iq
his career.
"What will
you give in ex-
change for
your life?" It
is like that
other solemn
§The solemn
question comes
home to almos*
every man at 1
some period in
his career.:
• What will
you give in ex-
change for:
your life?" It
is like thai
other solemn
question about
the soul. Just
as an honest
man feels that
nothing of
can be weighed
against his soul
so a man who
*-*C_^-^__^«*i^*gMg-a*; has one friend
to love him
___/' '^xv is too precious
■*&_\Aw£ to be bartered
""* away for am-
-bition, or money, or pride.
But men arc slow to believe that over-
work sometimes kills; a man hates to ad-
mit that his health ever needs any particu-
lar care. He feels miserable and out of
sorts" but tries to bluff it off until he
4jets flat on his back, unable to do a stroke
of work. He becomes obliged to spend no
end of money for doctors and even at that
can hardly save his life.
How much more sensible, and in the end
how much cheaper at the first 6igns of phy-
sical weakness to write to Dr. R. V. Pierce,
chief consulting physician of the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo,
N. V., and obtain, free of charge, the ad-
vice of a skilled and educated physician
who has a wider reputation for the success-
ful treatment of chronic diseases than any
other physician in this country.
In a letter to Dr. Pierce. Mr. J. W. Brittin. of
Clinton. Dewitt.Co . Ills.. (P. O. Box 475). writes:
" For over a year l was troubled with liver com-
plaint. Hud no appetite, could keep nothing
oa my stomach, and had severe pains in my
stomach and bowels. I doctored with home
doctors but did not obtain relief until a friend
advised me to take Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. I began taking it at once and alter
taking four bottles I think myself cured, as I
can eat anything I want and my food nevet
hurts me." .'.'..--
Dr. P { erce*s Pleasant Pellets cure consti-
pation.** At all medicine stores.
In quarantine. He declared that danger
threatens the city and will continue to
threaten It unless the greatest care is
taken in thoroughly fumigating the
transports that are to bring back the sol
diers from the Philippines. He believes
that the vessels should be disinfected and
fumigated both here and at Manila.
There Is risk, he says, in bringing sol
diers from the Philippines, for the reason
that the men may go aboard ship in
fected with the disease, which breaks out
after the transport is at sea. The ques
tion whether or not smallpox can be kept
out of this country with the return of
the soldiers is a serious one. Major Mat
thews does not hesitate to say that some
one is to blame for the Sherman being
allowed to leave her quarantine BO soon.
The Sherman was taken back Into quar
antine yesterday afternoon. During the
voyage from Manila a case of smallpox ;
aeveiopea, but the patient was left at I
Nagasaki, and as there was **>) more sick
ness during the run to San Francisco the
vessel was held in Quarantine only at«w !
hours. All the members of the crew and
steerage passengers were vaccinated,
after which Quarantine Office Brooks
gave the vessel pratique.
The Sherman's cabin passengers were
landed last Sunday and the vessel docked
Monday morning. As soon as she was
alongside the wharf the sick soldiers were
landed and sent out to the Presidio. The
members of the crew were then given
shore leave, and they made every use
of their opportunities. Tuesday afternoon j
when the case developed word was at
once telephoned to the Government dock
and the transports Sherman and Cen
tennial were placed in quarantine. Patrol
wagons were sent out and the services of
the harbor police invoked, with the re
sult that nearly every member of the two
crews was rounded up and put back
aboard the transports.
During the early hours of the morning
the news reached the Board of Health,
and State Quarantine Officer Chalmers and
Health Officer O'Brien at once went down
!to the transports. They made a careful
examination of every than on the Sher
man and Centennial and vaccinated some
of the men on the latter who had been i
overlooked by Dr. Brooks. Some of the
men were Buffering from various causes.
but not one of them showed a trace of
smallpox. Half an hour after they left
the transports the orders arrived from
the United States Marine Hospital and
the Sherman was taken in tow by the
tugs Relief and Fearless and towed over
to Angel Island, where she Joined the
Grant in quarantine.
A gang of 150 men was to have pone to
work on the Sherman yesterday morning,
and then the vessel was to have been tak
en to the Hunters Point drydock, where
she was to have been thoroughly over
hauled, cleaned, and painted. A number
of painters and riggers were aboard the
vessel when the orders came to place her
in quarantine and they will have to re
main aboard until the ship is released.
The Centennial will not be held In
quarantine but will take the Sherman's
place on Hunters Point drydock to-day,
and will be got ready as quickly as pos
sible to start again for Manila.
TO STAY IN QUARANTINE.
Board of Health Will Not Per
mit Dockage for Sixteen
Days.
The members of the San Francisco
Board of Health held a special meeting
last night.
The meeting was attended by Dr. Wil
liamson, Dr. Fltzgibbon, Dr. Baum, Dr.
A. P. O'Brien, the Health Officer, and
Dr. Chalmers, the Quarantine Officer. It
was determined to make a decided stand
to prevent the introduction of infectious
diseases in the ships coming from orien
tal ports. The first step was to order the
transport Sherman detained in quaran
tine sixteen days to await the develop
ment of new cases .vhich may be in
course of incubation.
The discussion was opened by Dr.
O'Brien, who told of the occurrences of
the day. He was informed by Dr. Chal
mers of the rumors regarding smallpox
on the transports Centennial and Sher
man and together they investigated tie
matter. They went first to the Centen
nial and after a thorough examination
determined there was no reason why she
should not dock. No illness had devel
oped during the past twenty-four days.
The master of the ship presented an af
fidavit covering the period since he en
tered the port. The affidavit developed a
remarkable laxness in the methods pur
sued by Dr. Brooks, the Federal Quaran
tine Officer. It recited that the latter had
boarded the vessel upon her arrival. He
could not vaccinate all the crew, as he
did not have sufficient vaccine points.
Notwithstanding this he gave a clear bill
of health and the vessel docked. Twenty
six hours afterward he sent an assistant
who completed the work.
Drs. O'Brien and Chalmers next went
to the Sherman. They could find no
evidence of contagious disease, but
heard, accidentally, that a case of small
pox had developed at the Presidio after
the patient had left, the ship. A visit was
paid army headquarters, Pheian building,
where they learned from Dr. Forward,
deputy surgeon general, of a case found
in a passenger on the Sherman. He said
the sufferer and fourteen men, who were
exposed to the disease, had been re
moved to Angel Island, where they could
be readily isolated. Recognizing the
gravity of the situation, the medical de
partment. United States army, imme
diately ordered the Sherman back to the
quarantine station. Dr. O'Brien asked
the members of the board to fix the time
at which they would allow the vessel to
be docked.
Dr. Fltzgibbon at once moved that the
Sherman be detained sixteen days in
quarantine and that she be fumigated
under the direction of representatives of
the Board of Health. He thought a
grave responsibility rested upon the
board to protect the people of this city
from contagion. In keening with this
Idea it was determined to order Dr
Chalmers, representing the board, to
prevent, by legal or forcible methods, the
dockage of any vessel without letters of
pratique. These permit the landing of
crew and passengers.
Secretary Dunne was instructed to
communicate with the members of the
State Board of Health asking for a con
ference between the two boards at once.
Flemish oak with ivory ornaments.
Japanese gray, old Dutch, Persian green,
bone black, gold leaf, gold bronze and
English oak moldings for picture frames
IS ,i ) . eal i ;t -- :ul new designs at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. •
THE SAX rEANCISCOCALL, THURSDAY, MAY 4, 1899.
A FIGHT IN
PROSPECT OVER
A SHIP'S CREW
Men Sent North Under
a Strong Guard.
— ♦— —
FOR THE HOWARD D. TROOP
— ♦ —
BOARDING MASTERS ARE ON
THE SAILORS' TRAIL.
»
All Parties to the Anticipated Mix-
Up Sailed Together on the
Steamer Columbia for
Portland Yesterday.
There will be lively times and maybe
a shooting scrape on the steamer Colum- '
bia before she lands her passengers at '
Astoria to-day. "When the vessel left here I
yesterday morning for the Columbia Riv- '
er she had fourteen men for the British
ship Howard D. Troop in the steerage.
Accompanying the sailors were two
watchmen, armed to the teeth, while in
another part of the ship are two hoarding
masters who have taken an oath to pre
vent the Troop or any other deep-water ,
ship getting a crew except on the terms
imposed by the Boarding Masters' Asso- j
elation of Portland. These two men are
equally as well armed as the watchmen,
and there is sure to he a ciash when the
attempt ls made to put the sailors aboard
the Troop at Astoria.
The trouble began on February 20 last
when the new law passed ir- Congress
went Into effect. Accordin**' to .s pro
visions, the captain of any vessel, Amer
ican or foreign, is only allowed to give
one month's advance to a Bailor. Before
the law went into effect the rate In
Oregon for a sailor was $40 'two months'
pay) advance, $10 "olood money" and $5
shipping fee. Almost every cent of this
$55 went Into the nocket of the shipping
master, and wnen Congress cut the sum
down to $20 there was an outcry. The
boarding masters got together and deter
mined to attack the law through the •
pockets of the British ship-owners. They
reasoned that if the price of a sailor was
advanced to $100 ("blood money") the
twist to the lion's tail would be more
than he could bear, and that he would do
something to make the United ' States
take it- hands out of his pockets and once
more put It in "poor Jack's."
The boarding masters now assert that
they were correct in their surmise, and
that such pressure will be brought to
bear on Congress by the British ship
owners that next November or December
will see the law repealed. Whether the
boarding masters will win their point and
the way they say remains to be seem.
One thing is certain — they are a power
In Portland politics. At the last Session
' of the Oregon Legislature a bill to abol
ish "blood money" was introduced, but
; It was pigeon-holed through the Influence
of the water front, so 'tis said.
When the new law went into effect the
• boarding masters held a consultation, and
! then Issued their ultimatum. They re
; fused to accept an advance in any shape or
; form. They controlled the supply of sail
i ors and told the captains that men would
be supplied their vessels at a uniform rate
of $100 per man. Then the row began.
The captain of the British ship Balmoral
was ready for sea and wanted a crew.
He laughed at the idea of $100 "blood
money,' but the boarding masters only
remarked "He laughs best who laughs
last." Not a man could be got for the
Balmoral, and in despair the captain
wrote to San Francisco.
In port here and lying at the seawall is
the British ship Dunstaffnage. She and the
Balmoral belong to the same owners, and
to Captain Forbes of the Dunstaffnage
i Captain Campbell of the Balmoral made
j his appeal. Now the Dunstaffnage only
j arrived from Calcutta a short time ago
I and nearly all the crew was by her. Cap-
I tain Forbes at once took them before the
| British Consul and paid them off. He
! then shipped them on the Balmoral, each
man getting a "gift" over and above his
! pay. The men were shipped to Portland
| on the State of California in charge of a
. watchman, but the boarding master's rep
resentative also went along, and the result
was that the men from the Dunstaffnage
refused point blank to go aboard the
I Balmoral. They made all kinds of ex-
I cuses, and finally in despair Captain
Campbell paid $50 apiece for the privilege
| of keeping his own men.
Then came the Howard D. Troop, the
source of the present trouble. The cap
tain wanted thirteen men and a cook and
the boarding masters asked $1400 "blood
money" for them. Captain Corning of
fered $ s 5 a man with "a piece back, and
I the boarding masters promptly replied by
j raising the "blood money" to $112 a man.
> Then Captain Corning sent his mate and
I an agent to San Francisco to gather up
! a crew, but the boarding masters followed
the sailors from San Francisco to Astoria
! took them off the steamer, in spite of
Captain Coming's protests, and shipped
i them on another vessel, getting $100
; "blood money" for each man.
Now comes the tug of war. Captain
I Corning wrote and laid his case before
< Balfour, Guthrie & Co. of this city. The
firm is agent for the Troop, and it was
decided to get a crew for her. The job
was intrusted* to Thomas Chandler and
Charles McCarthy and they secured the
men— eight from the Sailors' Home and
five from Tom Murray. These men were
signed before the British Consul at the
rate of $20 a month, and each man got his
: month's advance and "a gift" of $25 be
i sides.
I The men wore now secured and it be
Hales. j Hales. I Hales. [ Hales.
I That Busy Bazaar V^^E_m^> An Interesting v
\ ,__r . . . , JJ^__oi__oc__r^^ (jj ove Sale. c
S I A U3S MOVe 937-945 Market Street. _ _»_,« __-__. t- you; » mi. w. . J
\ _r*N»«__ -V I <• »■_- TL" ' "j. i' i. I American made, and well made, too; 2- V
' /^sSr^ 1 lOr SftC I hIS IS an interesting Store! clasp with embroidered backs, good quality i
<__ IJrMHwR \ w * No matter when yon come it's ini*_*>r«-*cTina lambskin; ordinary stores would add to the >
N IfS*. _~J~~_ 1c: a ** cl wrien you come, 11 _ interesting UBua , Droflt and sell at S1 we share the **^
J Xj^^l^^S inX s aero s ct with 6 "Always doing something!" one lady said. "Never *°£-* luck; should be plenty for »"• ° n the J
S ft 7 rep t of rubber tub- , _ VII » 1/ b ■ ■• .1 J tables- *T
i \^_-*-~--__----r-_P\ I"*. nPat as wax: stand still — "Keep growing bigger. - rf r\ • c
J |..^ z -*^***a^-^rrz_-*3^^ handy to boll water. o-.i i ■_• r& i S SS ' FIMP KSIIT» J
C^ ' ba 2 a A ready ln the Birthday this week. *rJc7U jl an •
c m *n i Seven years in S. F. 3
J OUG lirlCh A 90-VPar Orowth in 7 VPflr** HALES DOLLAR GLO\TE-People talk about X
J wv- " v "' A _^U-year growth in / years.  took us years to reach perte ction; stead- c
X, To-day we're building new parlors. . \Z^ZT d tn\L^el Fr^ c li co ' B most h care :- <_
1 HEIVR -pnT-iT --...■•■:»--,■ * ul fashion followers; all the new shades; T^
X through a. Lv ?RF R WS the frUlt Rebuilding fitting-rOOmS and Underwear Section. cleaned and mended free as many times as J
mr ,ugn a- sieve, good for mashing pota- _ . & & you like. Ask for them. £
I to es. an Improvement on the old style- Ask Perfecting the Wrapping system. J S
» to see them— & r r & J _ 1
S on ti 1 Keeping ahead of the times— (just as easy). H li %__.* 2. "
J 2UC EaCll. Interesting departmental news to-day. llanuKßrCnieiS, V
< Interesting buying news and fashion news. Bmjßht ]2nn t0 Ket the price ; took the lot . o me - ?
S C(\tt(\t\ MnA^rvLi^r An interestin S stor y of interesting prices. SSr U £SSJI^S Effi? cambrlc ' V
J VUllUll UHUerWear. A budget of news from a newsy place. ft „ U /
| LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON UNDER- 1 — l ■ ' **— 1 OL JuRCJIe V
. VESTS -Low neck, no sieves, good qiial- 3
£ Ity. Jersey ribbed, shared, imitation lace £*>■> J-*"* (Cheaper than washing.) [
•V effect, trimmed neck and armlets. Annl- ttf-"*? <&<*. ,-* _^^_
versary week— X- C*« -**V CV"' V »s>Tl *fc
c i2jcEach. I w^fe,^^& Kamooia ■ C
r LADIES" EGYPTIAN COTTON UNDER- W^S W^fe I|^*^3^W^\H llf*ACC_flflr S^T/lUPC f
X VESTS-192 garments left; Richelieu ribbed. /V-fiß Vfe^-7 K^'f^ ft ftl'^/£ 7 1/1 vMIIIJi JdWliUvOa * I
J L. N. N. P.. fancy crochet front, silk braid /'•<'. '•• }^? (X V*'VV-»S ' i^aV _*
r trimmed, very neat. Anniversary week— /•-''•' *-*'"M /v t'7 7^\ f@CApsn?K raw \ Dame Fashion and Mother joined hands this f
V /i". :, J ' c l /,- f *-'"."\ /' "'j '^-* s;^ 9 * o *\ time; Kamonias, a dainty little wide- V^
J - OKn 17r_i/.1% /''*' ji i /A Ii -'>'* '■ A/ - •''**'' Vl *(i '0 9 A sleeved garment adopted from the maidens P
C. __UCJU JL-CtUii* _ /'"_> i J Ji , -V ; .-r;: ■.** : '.n". , ■'■.•';**'■ 2 -' I * G _-J ! ''vn\\ of The Geisha"; Japanese know comfort •
1 ;" / -, i.J *•!&.*' k j¥/5ta e «>*P^ l-o *- a -tf\ when they see It; an Interesting lot tumbled
'// '. ■*". ■'".'-'•• V ' " -'^^''" : i A.' "* i - . f * '**> ' P C^___^S&s. ln yesterday; prettily figured patterns in J
\_ LADIES* DNDERDRAWERS - Fine white W-^F*_\'ti>'/,. ''^''^^-^^^VtTniWW^ light and medium flannelette at $1 each; also C
1 Egyptian cotton, Jersey ribbed, knee ?.'* •*. 4 r!>T^ / .-' 'j , : , r , ,rV X ? v^^ '^C*v '' - ( -V V ' VV in imported crepons in <
<_ length lace effect trimmed bottom, button fl ( }J M^ r "*-_>_?^> ' Pinks, blues. yellows, 1
*^ on side. Anniversary week- -*V= ) '"-» ■^-^ Vv' - ' *^tV>^i_^* , -i / ' lavenders, hellos, fancy combinations, . V
i 35c Each. [ ; Xj^^^^^ J $1.50 Each. S
J \ /L / "l^*^ 1 ! _r^*_r^_-^ _**£_! What world's of comfort in a wrapper — easy to slip on — *>
*C^B.^__^^__**C^i !h«3« easy to wear and easy on the pocketbook. M
1 Descriptive of the Descriptive of the Descriptive of the Descriptive of the I
V 75c Wrapper. $1.00 Wrapper. $1.25 Wrapper. $1.50 Wrapper. C
(Shown ln Cut.) (Shown In Cut.) (Shown in Cut.) (Shown in Cut.) f
J Extra quality calico; prettily trimmed Extra quality calico: daintily trimmed Fine percale; double ruffle over shoulder. Best quality percale; trimmed with ruffles V_
AW with self ruffle and braid; full width; tight with braid and ruffles, as shown; brettelles with heading of hraid; deep flounce, with of plain cloth to match- braid headings' S
V waist lining; assorted colors; In desirable over shoulders; tight waist lining; as- braid heading; perfect tit and thoroughly deep flounce as shown; 'a dainty summer J
_ shades. sortments desirable. well made; the wanted shades in nearly all wrapper; elegantly made. [
J sizes. I
( 75c Each. $1 00 Each. $1.25 Each. $1.50 Each. 7
came a question of getting them to As- .
toria. Tickets to that place were pur- |
chased and two watchmen, named Robin- ;
son and Thomas, hired to look after the !
men. The watchmen get $10 a day while I
they are away and all expenses, and their j
Instructions are to fight at the drop of the
hat. The men were rounded up and put
aboard the steamer Columbia early yes- j
terday morning and are now well on their ]
way to the Columbia River. Yesterday |
afternoon Balfour, Guthrie & Co. paid the
advance notes and the Incident was sup
posed to be closed.
While the men were being shipped the
Boarding Masters' Association was not
Idle, however. Two of its members— R.
McCarron and T. Murphy— were in the
city and knew exactly what was being
done. When they learned that the sailors'
tickets read from "San Francisco to As
toria" they laughed in their sleeve and
took passage on the Columbia, consider
ing the fight as good as won. The How
ard D. Troop has already been detained
nine days waiting for a crew and the
boarding masters say. she will wait nine
more, or until Captain Corning pays $112
"blood money" per man.
What made the boarding masters jubi- ;
lant is this. The sailors who shipped for
the Troop cannot he put ashore except at
Astoria, unless they so elect. The two
men now in the Columbia will see to It
that they are landed at Astoria only. If
necessary each sailor will be given $30 or
$40 to side with the boarding masters.
The men will jump at the offer and then •
the fight will begin. When the fight be
tween union and non-union men was most '
bitter some time ago a vessel was tied
up at Eureka for want of a crew. The |
men were secured here and were shipped
on the Pomona, but their tickets only \
read from "San Francisco to the Hum- |
boldt Bar." When the Pomona got there
the union men had got in their work and
the men refused to go into the tug wait
ing to put them aboard the ships. Then
there was almost bloodshed and one
boarding master nearly lost the number
of his mess. Captain Cousins soon settled
the matter, however. He demanded to
see the sailors' tickets, and when he saw !
that their voyage ended at the Hum
boldt Bar he gave them five minutes to
get over the side or else be put ln Irons. j
The sailors boarded the tug and the union I
was outwitted. The men for the Troop
are booked to Astoria, and there Captain ',
Green must land them If they so desire.
The Boarding Masters' Association of i
Portland is one of the most powerful or- j
ganizations on the coast. At the head of
it are Larry Sullivan, Jack Grant, Peter
Grant. John Bates and Dick McCarron.
One of McCarron's relatives Is Mayor of
the city, Sullivan's brother-in-law is Chief
of Police, Bates is Harbor Master and
the Grant boys are prominent Democratic
politicians. McCarron is now aboard the
Columbia and is prepared to fight for the
sailors, whom the watchmen will try to
. put aboard the Howard D. Troop.
I■ ♦ ■
I The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
j recommended by physicians for family and
I medicinal use because It Is pure.
THRALL'S NEW SCHEME.
Superintendent's Plans for Expedit
ing Mails for the Orient Have
Been Inaugurated.
J. M. Johnson, chief clerk of the rail
way mail service at Los Angeles, has been
detailed to go to Honolulu to take charge
of the transfer of mails at that port for
the Philippines, Australia, New Zealand
and the Orient. By this arrangement the
dispatch of mail matter from this city
! will be expedited by three days. Before
j this change of system was adopted by
, the Postofflce Department It was neces
; sary to send all mail for the Orient to
i Vancouver to be placed on board the
| steamer at that point. Letters may be
j mailed under the new system at " San
Francisco and will be taken to Honolulu
from which point they will be trans
ferred to the steamers arriving from Van
couver. The business public of the State
is indebted to Superintendent Thrall for
the conception and carrying out of the
system. .,.■
Atkinson's Mail Seized.
The Postofflce officials in this city seized
yesterday, by order of the Postmaster
General, five pamphlets addressed hy Ed
ward Atkinson to Admiral Dewey, Gen
eral E. S. Otis. M. P. Miller and "Profes
sors Schurman and Worcester. The
pamphlets are entitled "The Hell of War"
and "Criminal Aggression." A third
pamphlet contained extracts from the
speeches of Senator Hoar, ex-Governor
Boutwell and Judge Edmunds.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. __. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, rooma «-_. -
SCHOOL DIRECTORS DO
NOT APPROVE ADVICE
MAYOR SNOW'S SUGGESTIONS
NOT RELISHED.
Board of Education Says It Is the
Best Judge of How Much Money
to Spend.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 3.
The Board of Education does not. take
kindly to the suggestions of Mayor Snow
made at its last meeting. The Finance
Committee of the hoard has filed a
lengthy report in which it criticizes and
Clearly resents what it considers an inter
ference with its prerogatives by the May
or and City Council. • It plainly states its
view of the situation in the follow. -ing
paragraph:
"The Boards of Education are empow
ered to establish and maintain as many
and such schools as they shall deem ne
cessary and to expend all school funds
and are alone responsible for the success
or failure of the schools establish.',]. The
only duty in regard to schools entrusted
by law to the Mayor and City Council is
the fixing of the percentage of taxes to
be levied and collected each year for
school purposes."
The Mayor has suggested that the
School Board attempt to conduct the
grammar and primary schools for the
next fiscal year upon the income to be de
rived from the State and county taxes
without any supplement from the city
treasury. In this connection the report
says:
"This board therefore should do its
wflole duty and plan for the best schools
and sufficient accommodations and In its
annual estimate notify the City Council
through the City Auditor of the amount
of money required for such purposes or
it will he derelict in its duty.
"Therefore your committee recommends
that the third suggestion of the Mayor be
disregarded."
There is no mercury or potash in Dr.
| Sarsfield's remedy for the constitutional
j and chronic diseases of the blood. For
| sale by all druggists. •
SCHOOL BOARD MEETS.
Committees Appointed for the Year.
Matters of Change in High
School Hours Dropped.
BERKELEY, May 3.— The Board of Ed
ucation met at the Town Hall last night
with the new Directors-elect in their
places. J. S. Crew, the retiring member
from the Fifth Ward, introduced his suc
cessor A. Sutherland. Director Niehaus
brought up the subject of the Inequality
In janitors salaries. It was referred to the
Committee on Salaries and School Houses
and Sites. The following tiled applica
tions for positions in the School Depart
ment: Edna S. Allen. Catherine Skinner,
Jessie R. Ward,. Mabel A. Fisher, Mary
J. Colby. Lulu L. Bartlett, Anna M.
Mantz, Rachel Chamband, Susie Leonard,
Minnie Harms and Maud G. Winter.
President Wickson announced the
names of the following directors to serve
on committees: Finance, Little, Weir,
Phillips; School Boards and Sites, Nie
haus, Tisdale, Weir; Supplies, Tisdale!
Little. Niehaus; Course of Study, Wick
son. Niehaus, Tisdale; Rules, Sutherland,
Phillips. Tisdale: Salaries. Weir, Wick
son, Sutherland; Classification, Phillips,
Wickson, Little; High School, Wickson,
Little, Sutherland.
Superintendent F. E. Perham reported
the result of notices sent out to parents
of High School pupils as being for opin
ions as to the advisability of changing the
school hours so as to have a continuous
session from 8 o'clock in the morning till
1 o'clock in the afternoon. Of the 146 an
swers sent in, 123 favored the plan, 19 op
posed it and 4 were neutral. The board
concluded to lay the matter over for fur
ther consideration.
Died in the Hospital.
A man Whose name is supposed, to be
Emanuel Barger was stricken at the
ferry depot with severe hemorrhage of
the lungs apparently as he was attempt
ing to catch the 10:15 boat to Oakland.
He was taken to the Harbor Hospital,
where he died thirty minutes later. De
ceased was about 30 years of age, 5 feet
8 Inches ln height, with black curly hair
and black mustache. The body was taken
to th.it _tlor_rue.
3-Day Specials !
Most every man is rather particular about
his coffee ; every wife can see that his coffee
is particularly good if she will use the Ideal
Coffee Pot. We will be glad to show it.
IDEAL COFFEE F»OTS.
b Prices cut
_<?_sk From To
_^ gSv**>. 2 pints....*! 10 $ 75
A K>«^ 3 pints.... 120 SO
\\ \^~~rr-'_¥.L r .B -1 pint?.... 125 «
\\ GsSi!r^i?ssr Bi *# 5 pints.... 1 35 95
\\r^=^C. ft 7 pints.... 150 110
\ & -ra-OTt! » 9 Pints.... 175 125
Vlt fSBBW-l These are beautiful
* :< .'9n' nickel plated Coffee Pots,
P^fyy3_Qsi requiring less coffee than
r**-*-**-^BJy any others, and are the
only ones made on strict-
ly scientific principles.
COFFEE, lb 30c
Ideal Blend,
roasted or ground;
regular price, 37*.C.
BACON, lb 15c
Eastern sugar-cured:
regular price, 18c.
SOUPS, condensed, can 10c
Chicken Tomato, Ox Tail, Julienne,
Vegetable, Consomme and Chicken Gumbo;
delicious and convenient;
regular price, tr.c.
RYE VVHISKj-Y, bot 85c
Gallon $3-50
Robert Stewart's famous
Eastern Rye Whisky, spring '91;
regular price. $. 25 and $5 00.
WITCH HAZEL, bot 25c
Relieves and cures
cuts and wounds.
Mail Orßers Solicited. Send for May Catalog.*.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5523. I Telephone West 153.
Painless Dentistry,
____, _______ «iHß_____i
>>rfWTTW§-N SEE OUR NEW
F^^JFlesh Colored
\mjf rIOICS.
HST\ &M Cannot be detected from
£_t_2_ IB the natural teeth and (,-um,
ifi^ft W tnin an ' stronger than
rubber. /
Crowns. $3.50. Plates. 85. Filling BOe.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth St., Cor. Stevenaon.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO WOT DESI'AIK! Do not Suf-
fer Lontrer! The Joys' and ambitions of
life can be restored to }<-**. The very
worstcses of Nervous •>-?.s•
absolutely, cured by PEKFW'TO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, falling memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Give j_^. bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to th© eyes of /jyjNyoung or old.
One loc box renews vital energy. fSjJJ» £»»• *«
$2. 50 a complete cure X«^ or money re-
funded. Can be earned in »es( ~^_^ pocUet. Sold
everywhere, or mnjled in )slnln **vn r i -■ on^receipt of
Vrice bj* f"'' "' " * ,r "' ,IL
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oakland.
BUY NOW— PAY LATER.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK-
CRIBS - - $3.75
it's a hardwood crib,
Size 60x39 inches.
HAVE YOU SEEN
Our 1899 line or BA B V ROCKERS, * :
our tS99 line of HAH CHAIRS,
Oar ISO!) line of HA V CRIBS.
Our 1890 line of HA V CARRIAGES?
If not, better waste a few moment* and come
and see them. Might do you lots of nocxt—
anyhow ii won't do you any arm. Remem-
ber, we, sell for cash or little at a time.
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/0/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth).
Phone South It. Open Evenings.
m __^ — _^,__ ___________________________________________________
When one hat will lit every
head then one Eye Glass will fit
every nose — Do you see the point?
We have every kind, and all with
the new clip that never slips (for
50 cents).
Oculists prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
O PTIC.ANSC>S* 5 .
642 Market St. instrument:
im-tR CMOMiC-- BUUOIM-
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
S'.-tp PALACE "■"■'' °
° GRAND hotels <y
*f SAN FRANCISCO. Q
***' Connected by a covered passageway. ~
® 1400 Room'- 900 -vl h Bath Attached. ***
O All Under One Management O
O NOTE THE PRICES : O
O European Plan.Bl.oo per day and upward O
-. American Plan.^n.OO per dsyand upward
O Correspondence Solicited. 9
0 JOHN 0. KIR-PATRICK. Man.gar. O
000000000000000000
lEIg|D_I. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
igfti ___ Five hundred reward for any
Bf"™ esse we cannot cure. This secret
CL . m remedy stops all losses In M
BBM R^S hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
Hi]-1 Wjff tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
•FBI K_M Gleet. Fits. Stricture.. Lost
W__i J**T Manhood and all wasting effjets
— .*_ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. 12 bottle; 3 bottles, $5: guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE. tU Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for
•ale at 1071*. Market St.. S. P. All private dis-
eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of ths
kidneys and bladder. A * -eat Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its owa
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
ta Market street. S. F.— (Send (or Circular