VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 118.
Shells From the Monadnock Falling Near the Old Church at
Paranaque.
MAYOR HARRISON OF
CHICAGO ACCUSED OF
SANCTIONING MURDER
CHICAGO. March 27.— The Inter
Ocean, which for several days
past has been publishing a series
\^ of articles exposing "Chicago's
Carnival of Crime," and openly
charging that panel houses, gambling
dens of the lowest order and pool
rooms are running -with a degree of
Fhameless openness never before tol
erated in the city, and that all are un
der the protection of Mayor Harrison
and his two chief lieutenants. Alder
man "Hinkey Dink" Kenna and "Bath
tj OV h(* John" ' '".!.t]>''?-:. at the First
"Ward, which comprises the "down
town" district of the city. It has em
ployed a number of detectives, and
on Monday morning published a list
of disreputable joints, giving the loca
tion, the keepers' names and the
amount each was compelled to con
tribute to Harrison's campaign fund as
the price of running unmolested. The
total contribution from these sources,
the inter Ocean says, it can prove, ag
gregates nearly half a million dollarf
To-morrow morning it will charge
that Mayor Harrison, Kenna and
Coughlin caused the murder on Sun
day morning of James Kinahan, who
was suspected of being guilty of giv
ing the Inter Ocean aid in making its
investigations.
("•n t his point it pays:
"janiff Kinahan. who was murdered in
cold blood Sunday morning by members
of a confidence iting under the
Mayor Harrison and Alder
! 'ink' K. nna . lost his life
r a suspect
ippos< 'I to ha ■
: • Carter IT. Harrison
t . i c de
d in the Investigation
ay ) .
"Kinanai illy wounded in a sa
loon owned bj Alderman 'Hinkey Dink'
K^nna at 50 Hubbard court. He' ran as
: ■ Wabash avenue
his life blr.od ebbed away. The
woui: : dieted by membi rs of the
band "f desperadoes who are employed
by the panel-h I look
after Illega of the First W
"Th( ire in possession of thf
but the city administration has
given oui ■ Hcers working
on the case to block The work of c i
MRS. STANFORD
SELLS CENTRAL
PACIFIC STOCK
Nearly Two Million Dollars
More for the Univer
sity.
The fart that Mrs. Jane Stanford disposed of her entire hold-
Ings In the Central Pacific Railroad— 33,3oo shares— during her recent
visit to New York was made rmbiic for the first time yesterday. This
means that Mrs. Stanford will be able to fully carry out her late hus
band's plans concerning the great university at Palo Alto and that all
financial danger menacing the institution bearing the name, and erected
in memory of the son of the late Leland Stanford is past.
Mrs. Stanford'? Central Pacific stock was sold, it is said, at $52 a
share, making a total of $1,731,600. The profit thus realised by the Stan
ford estate amounts to a million dollars in a little more than four
months. In the winter of 1898 Central Pacific stock was quoted at $20
a share.
The deal by which Mrs. Stanford realizes her enormous profit will, it
is said, have no bearing on the reorganization of the road, nor will it affect
Mrs Stanford's standing in the affairs of the Southern Pacific. It was
known in January that. Mrs. Stanford contemplated the sale of her
Central Pacific stock, and her reason for wishing to sell was equally
known. Since 1593 she has more than once been on the point of dispos
ing of her jewels to keep the doors of the Palo Alto University open.
Probate litigation over the estate of her late husband had tied up
the money of the property to such an extent that the closing of the
university was more than once threatened. But these legal tangles
ill been settled in January, when rumors of Mrs. Stanford's pro
sale of Central Pacific stock were spread. The report was vigorously
denied at that time by Charles G. Lathrop, Mrs. Stanford's brother,
and manager of Stanford's estate in this city. The report, however, was
admitted to be true to-day, though no reason was given for the sale.
The San Francisco Call.
HARRISON
SAYS YERKES
IS BANKRUPT
CHICAGO, March 27.— Mayor
Harrison, in a speech last night.
referred to the charges made
against him and his administra
tion and said the campaign was
the fiercest ever waged against
any man anywhere.
me on? in the audience
asked, if the charges were un
true, why he didn't bring an ac
tion for libel, to which he re
plied that he would were it not
for the fact that the paper was
bankrupt and he could get noth
ing.
The Tnter Ocean is the prop
erty of Charles T. Yerkes. one of
the" wealthiest men in Chicago.
At 1 o'clock this morning the
police ordered all gambling
houses, all-night saloons and
other resorts closed.
Berz. who is trying to apprehend the mur-
d "sergeant Mooney. who is in the confi
dence of the Harrison administration,
made a desperate effort yesterday to
force Deputy Coroner Weckler to post-
Hunk to accede to the request, and
day at ° p m. The police official saia
that he had twelve men under arrest, but
he knew the guilty ones were not among
them. added that he was onthM,ii
of the murderers, and expected to arrest
-The°nTmes of the men who fired the
fata) shots are known to the police, and
they would have been arrested on Sun
day had it not been for the orders from
the Mayor's agent to do nothing in the
matter except to arrest a number of stool
pigeons employed by L.ie panel house
Democrats. The stool pigeons were taken
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY. MARCH 28, 1899.
into custody in order that the public
might be deceived into thinking the city
administration was really trying to ap
prehend the murderers. :
"Following are the facts in the case,
and Mayor Harrison, 'dinkey Dink
Kenna, the police and others knew them
fully as well yesterday as did eyewit
nesses to the affray:
"James Kinahan was one of the gang
of confidence men who operated under the
protection of the Harrison-Hinkey-Dink
combination, He lived in a Democratic
colony house, 157 Plymouth place, and was
not a legal voter. He, registered under an
assumed name, and was put on the 'sus
pect' lists by the Republicans, He re
ceived a notice informing him ho must
qualify last Saturday night or have his
name erased from the polling lists. He
feared to commit perjury and did not an
swer the. notice. •
"Late Saturday night he met various
members of the Andy Craig confidence
gang and visited numerous levee dives
with them. While in the Maine saloon, a
thieves' resort at 408 State Btreet, Kina
han borrowed a revolver. He then went
to Alderman 'Hinkey Dink' Kenna's
'store' saloon, at 50 Hubbard court. There
he met fifty confidence men and thieves,
all of them known as Harrison's stanch
supporters, because of the protection
granted them by the city's chief magis
trate.
"One of the men In the saloon had lust
returned from the booth where Kina
han was registered. While there he had
learned that Kinahan had not answered
the suspect's notice. He had been t . > l < i
thai Kinahan was giving information re
garding the frauds of the Harrlson-
Hinkey-Dink bathhouse - ang to the In
ter Ocean. Kinahan entered Alderman
Kinanna's resort about 4 o'clock Sunday
morning. As he stepped inside the man
who had been at the registration booth
stepped forward and asked: "Why in hell
didn't you answer the suspect notice,
Jim?' ''Game is too strong for me,' Kina
han replied. 'Republicans are next, and
me if I want to stand for them.'
•' 'This is the fellow who is squealing to
the Inter Ocean,' Klnahan's intruder ex
claimed. 'He's the we're
after.'
"With an oath the thus drew his revol
ver and fired at Klnaban, wounding him
severely. Another thug also drew a re
volver and rushed at the confidence op
erator. Kinahan turned and ran from the
saloon with the two men in pursuit.
When near the corner of Wabash avenue
and liubbard court he turned on the pur
suers <«nd emptied his revolver at them.
His shuts went wide, and he turned to
run. but before he had taken two steps
a bullet from the revolver in the hands of
; the pursuers struck him in the
back. Another bullet struck him as he
crossed Wabasb avenue. Wounded unto
death, the fugitive ran into the saloon
at 4iH» Wabash avenue, up a flight of
stairs and into a wineroom, where lie fell
dead.
"The names of the murderers are known
to certain polire officials at. the Harrison
street station, and there would be no dif
ficulty in fastening 1 the crime on the
guilt y persons wore it not for orders from
the Mayor's agents to hush up the affair
until after the campaign. Deputy Cor
oner Weckler, however, is determined to
bring: the murderers to justice, and de
spite the efforts to block the way in the
case, he expects to land thorn behind the
bars of the County Jail before a week
has passed. He declares the most des
perate efforts on the part of the Mayor
and his agents to quiet the case or to
postpone the Inquest until after the elec
tion will not stop him."
A warrant was issued to-night for the
arrest of Alderman John J. Coughlln,
alias Rath House, charging him with as
sault with intention to kill Richard
Hardiman. Hardiman is in a serious con
dition at the County Hospital. The war
rant Is in the hands of Constable Michael
Jonas. Alderman Coughlln is under cover,
and at a late hour to-night had not been
found.
Mayor Harrison's colonization thugs,
led by "Bathhouse." took possession of
thf City Hall to-day. They then pro
ceeded to assault Election Board wit
nesses summoned to give evidence
against the thieves, tramps and vaga
bonds colonized by the Mayor's panel
house Democracy. The- police, acting tin
der instructions from the Mayor's Chief
of Police, declined to preserve order. So
violent became the riot that the Election
Commissioners became convinced that
their lives were in danger and fled to the
county building and the protection of
Sheriff Magerstadt. One witness. Rich
ard Hardiman. a negro, was so severely
beaten that he. may die. The victim says
Coughlln himself inflicted the injuries.
Witnesses corroborate him.
"Bathhouse" Coughlin led the attack on
Republican witnesses in person. He was
standing in the doorway of the Election
Commissioners' office nearly all the morn
ing with the following thugs behind him
ready to assault whomsoever he pointed
out: William Mortality, a prizefighter
and "bouncer" in a gambling dive owned
by Coughlin and "Hinkey Dink" Kenna
at 167 Clark street; Harry Craig, confi
dence man and thug, who is keeper of a
colonization house at 87 Market street;
Andy Craig, ex-convlct and desperado,
who is a saloon keeper at 406 State street
and manager of a gang of confidence
men operating under Mayor Harrison's
protection; Jim Dunn, thug and desper
ado; Harry Mclntosh. confidence man and
thug of a colony at 67 Market street; Tom
Keefe, tough and bunko steerer.
A dozen men were attacked by Cougrh
JAMAICA IS
ON THE VERGE
OF ANARCHY
Great Britain Forcing the
Islanders to Open
Revolution.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
IfT.-Jd. Copyrighted.. 1535, by James Gor
don Bennett. _
PORT ANTONIO, Jamaica, March
27. — This island of Jamaica, British
West Indies, is passing through a se
vere crisis. The Governor is afraid to
occupy his residence and if anarchism
does not break out it will be entirely
due to the unequaled loyalty of the
! people.
Though the island is taxed to its ut-
most capacity, with a tariff of 60 per
cent on necessaries, a weak govern
ment, in order to provide funds to pre
vent a reduction of its members' sal
aries, has actually introduced a higher
tariff.
The salaries of the Jamaica officers
amount to nearly 50 per cent of the
revenue collectible. The people, while
willing to support these officials, have
not the meaifs to do it.
The home government will not per
mit countervailing duties and thus the
sugar industry is crippled. Coffee can
find no market owing to the enormous
output of the world, and banana grow
ing is the only industry to which the
people can look as a means of support.
Dependence upon even this .article will
soon be impossible. The Boston Fruit
Company, which controls the industry
in Jamaica, is confronted by keen com
petition in (Vntral America and Cuba
and has been compelled to reduce the
purchasing price of bananas to 90 cents
a bunch, with a possibility of a further
reduction if Cuban bananas should be
admitted to the United States free of
duty. Under these circumstances the
cultivation of fruit by small settlers
would be impossible and the peace of
the island would be seriously threat
ened. Jamaica then will be driven by
the British Government to anarchism
or perhaps worse— rebellion.
The island parliament is in session
and the people's representatives are
fighting hard to throw out the tariff
bill as a measure of relief. As the
Government side is further strength
ened by an additional four members to
outvote the people it will succeed. The
whole country is aroused and indig
nant. The Governor is afraid to re
main at his residence. He is always
traveling away from it, and to-day he
is under the protection of the American
flag, being a guest of the president of
the Boston Fruit Company at this
place.
lin and thP gang during the morning, and
several were Beverely injured. The cries
of the d< Cenaelesß men resounded through
the corridors of the City Hall, and the
Election Commissioners sent Deputy
Sheriffs to arrest the thugs. As soon as
the deputies appeared they were assault
ed or arrested by constables on warrants
issued by a County Justice and charging
disorderly conduct. As the noon hour ap
proached the Commissioners became con
vinced that their own lives were in dan
ger and they sent for Sheriff Magerstadt
and asked his protection.
A conference was held, and as the po
lice refused to interfere with the thugs
the Sheriff advised the election officials
to move the office into the county build
ing. This advice was accepted, and sur
roundeti by deputies the Commissioners
and clerks left the City Hail and passed
through the corridors to a. room In the
c*unty building. Sheriff Magerstadt, act
ing as custodian of this structure, placed
men on guard at the entrances to the
building and prevented further riots.
To-night the situation was alarming,
and it is feared that murder will be com
mitted before the Commissioners finish
the reviews of election frauds.
Mayor Harrison and his agents are wild
with rage over the practical defeat of
their colonization plans, and the thugs
and thieves under the banner of a panel
house Democracy stand ready to kill as
soon as the Mayor's agents give the word.
AGUINALDO'S MAIN
ARMY IS DEFEATED
BEFORE MARILAO
Americans Drive the Rebels Toward
Malolos, but the Loss on Both
Sides Is Heavy.
MANiLA, March 28, Noon.— The main insurgent army of 5000
men, under the personal command of Aguinaldo, the rebel leader,
has been routed after three hours' hard fighting by General Mac-
Arthur's division. The fight occurred at Marilao, which the Filipinos
burned before deserting the town.
MANILA, March 28. — The armed gunboat Laguna de Bai attacked the insurgents
at Bulacan to-day. Three Americans were wounded.
Mac Arthur's division has crossed the Marilao River on a pontoon bridge and
is now advancing northward toward Malolos.
This afternoon Garcia, a native general, came down from Dagiipan by train with 1000
riflemen and 4000 bolomen and took position at Marilao. A river was between the Ameri
can and the insurgent forces. The South Dakota volunteers and the Third Artillery were
thrown forward, and the South Dakota men charged brilliantly across an open space on the
east of the railway to the edge of some woods. They lost ten killed and eleven wounded, in
cluding three lieutenants.
The Third Artillery, on the right of the railroad, charged and lost nine men wound
ed, two mortally.
Marilao was taken with sixteen prisoners.
On the left the insurgents in a trench east of the river offered stubborn resistance.
Lieutenant Critchlow, with ten guns of the Utah Battery, and Lieutenant Davis, with a
navy Colt gun, forced thirty insurgents in a long trench on the opposite side of the river to
surrender at the close quarters of 100 yards. The rest of the insurgents got out with severe
loss. Yesterday we counted go insurgents dead.
The insurgents attacked the Americans last evening at Marilao, but were repulsed
with severe loss. Our loss was five killed and fourteen wounded.
MANTT-A. March 28.— The Ameri
can advanco began early in the
morning from Meyoauyan.
•where our forces 1 had encamped
the night before. Brieadier
Genera) Hale's brigade advanced alone
the right of the railroad and the bri
gade under command of Brigadier Gen
eral Harrison Gray Otis on the loft.
General Wheaton's brigade was held in
resorvp at Meyoauyan.
The American troops had not ad
vanced far when the enemy opened a
heavy fire from the- left on the Third
Artillery, which was mis' advanco
guard. The artillery responded heart
ily to the insurgent attack and drove
the enemy helter skelter across the
river Marilao. ' Here the Filipinos made
a desperate stand. They retired within
their trenches which were only fifty
yards in front of the advancing Ameri
cans. The halt proved fatal to the Fili
pinos, for under repeated volleys from
two guns of the Utah Battery under
Lieutenant Crlchton and an automatic
Colt's under Ensign Davis they were
completely routed, leaving many dead
and wounded on the field.
In the meantime the men of the First
South Dakota had performed one of
the most, no-table feats of the campaign.
Cheering loudly, they charged fearless
ly across the open field against the
main line of the insurgent forces, which
was lying partly concealed in a bamboo
thicket.
It was a daring act, for across the
level plain the insurgents poured a per
f. ct rain of bullets. Ten gallant West
erners were killed and eleven wound
ed. Among tho dead were three lieu
tenants. Bui <>ur men pressed on re
gardless of the rain of death and scat
tered the enemy.
Fearful loss was inflicted on the reb
els in this charge. Eighty-eight are
known to have been killed and 100.
with arms, were captured. The re
mainder fled toward Malolos in wild
disorder.
The pursuit will be maintained dur
ing the day, and it is hoped Mao Arthur
will bivouac in sight of the insurgent
capital to-night.
The American loss in yesterday's
fight is said to have been fifteen killed
and thirty-five wounded.
Owing to the danger of making mis
takes in names. Otis refuses to allow
the correspondents to transmit a list
of casualties.
Tf the statement of the thirty-five
prisoners captured to-day is true, the
main body of the enemy has retreated
to Malolos. There are no more trenches
to encounter, although over thirty vil
lages including the larger settlements
of Bulacan and Guguinta. intervene.
At every railroad station circulars
have been posted signed by the Filipino
commander-in-chief. Antonio Luna,
ordering all spies and bearers of news
to the enemy to be shot without trial
and instructing that all 'looters and
ravishers be treated in the same man
ner. Further, all towns abandoned by
the Filipino troops are first to be
burned.
While deploring the existence of war,
the circular maintains the undeniable
right of the Filipinos to defend their
homes, lives and lands against "would
be dominators who would kill them,
their wives and children," adding that
this motive ought to impel all Filipinos
to sacrifice everything.
The Washington Regiment had an
exciting experience yesterday and dis
played much gallantry. The soldiers
found a band of insurgents concealed
in a stone house over which the French
flag was flying. A private volunteered
to set ftre to the building. He did so
and the troops approached while it was
burning and the Filipinos had appar
ently fled. But they were greeted ■with
a sudden volley from the balcony of the
hn llK e. resulting in th" building being
cleared of the enemy in short order.
The T'nitAd States Philippine Com
mission proposes to issue a proclama
tion immediately after the rebel gov
ernment at Maloios is dispersed, be
lieving that the most effective moment
to secure the allegiance of the natives
will be after they have received an ob
ject lesson of the Americans' power.
The shelling of Paranaque to-day
was not premeditated. The Mo
nadnnck anchored off the town, and the
insurgents, emboldened by the long
silence of the warships on guard duty,
opened fire on her with muskets, with
the result that one man was killed and
three were wounded. The Monadnock
then destroyed half the town, including
the church.
AGONCILLO WILL NOW
PROCEED TO MADRID
LONDON. March 27.— Losinado. the
Filipino delegate, has gone to Paris to
meet Agoncilio, Aguinaldo's agent,
who is expected in London shortly. The
Filipino who was chief of the European
junta during Agoncillo's absence in
America, suddenly started on Satur
day for Spain by way of Paris. Un
otln-ial Filipinos here assert that he is
going to Seville on private business and
that he will return on April 16. They
admit, however, that he will confer at
Paris with Agoncilio, who is said to
have been in telegraphic communica
tion with Aguinaldo in order to get
the latter to appoint a delegate to go
td Madrid on a mission connected with
the Spanish prisoners in the hands of
th^ Filipinos. It is therefore thought
probable that. Agoncilio has instructed
th" delegates to proceed to Madrid.
The Filipinos here assert that peace
was in sight hefore the recent fighting,
but that now Major General Otis will
not treat for peace until Malolos, the
Filipino headquarters, is taken.
No Filipino accounts of the recent
fighting have hoen received, and they
are not expected for some days to come.
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS
NOT FROM WOUNDS
WASHINGTON, March 27.— 1n a ca
blegram dated to-day General Otis an
nounces that the following deaths have
occurred since his last report:
March 17— William S. Tracey, private.
Company C, First Tdaho, drowned, acci
dental; Joseph Lh Walker, private. Com
pany R, First Tennessee, variola.
March IS Hush P. McCleO&n, private,
Company 1. Fourteenth Infantary, appen
dicitis; Bernard J. Smith, musician, band,
First Colorado! variola.
March 19 — William J. Hnrcy, private.
Company L, Fourth Infantry, typhoid.
March 20— William Wallace, private,
Company L, First Tennessee, variola; Ed
ward R. Pyncher. private. Company K.
First Colorado, from a wound in action;
Benjamin Hubhard. private. Company G,
Fourteenth Infantry, jaundice; Henry
Leimbacher, private. Company G, First
Washington, drowned, accidental.
March 22— Milton S. Milse. private. Com
pany D, First Washington, from wound in
action.
March 23— Horace McArdie. private.
Company F. First South Dakota, variola.
March 24— William H. Bush, private.
Company I, First Colorado, dysentery.
SITUATION OF VESSELS
IN DEWEY'S FLEET
WASHINGTON. March 27.— Admiral
Dewey has cabled the Navy Depart
ment the situation and positions of the
American vessels of his fleet. The dis
patch follows:
MANILA, March 27.— Secretary of the
Navy, Washington: The Olympia and
Oregon, the Monadnock, Monterey,
Callao, Manila and the Helena are oc
cupying strategic position at Manila Bay.
The Boston and Charleston, the Concord
and Petrel are cruising off Luzon. Have
sent the Bennington to Hongkong to
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
dork. Th»» Princeton if at Singapore re
pairing propeller. Thp Nanshan has gone
to Ouam. Iris will sail shortly for Tloilo
with coal. Will dispatch Solace as early
as possible.
PROVISIONAL RECOGNITION
OF FOREIGN CONSULS
WASHINGTON, March 27.— The Sec
retary of State has granted provisional
recognition of the official capacity of
L. E. G. Garden as Consul General of
her Britannic Majesty at Havana; of
Baron August yon Brtick. as Consul of
Germany at Havana, and of Frederick
"Wilhelm Hunicke, aa Vice Consul of
Germany at Cienfuegny also. i. c. Re
noz as acting Consul General of Bel
gium in Cuba and Porto Rico; also
Captain S. H. Harford as British Con
sul in the Philippine Islands, and of J.
D. Sidebottom as British Vice Consul
at Cebu.
The Secretary of War has directed
the commander in chief of the military
forces of the United States in the Phil
ippines, Cuba and Porto Rico to take
recognizance of the official capacity of
th^ persons named and permit them to
exercise their consular functions.
ADVERSITY DROVE HIM
TO COMMIT CRIME
Story of T. H. Dickman, the Burglar
Captured by Santa Cruz
Girls.
PAXTA CRUZ, .March 27.— T. H. Dick
man to-day pleaded guilty to the charge
of burglary in the second degree and was
sentenced to eighteen months in San
Quentin by Judge 1.. F. Smith. Dickman
is the man who robbed th> Jc n nines home
and was pursued and captured by four
daring girl<.
l>ii'kmau came of a well-to-do family
which resided in the State of New York.
The family met financial reverses and his
parents died. At the ago of 18 he shipped
from New York for Liverpool and until
ISPI followed the life of a seaman. At Fort
Davenport he^nlisttd in the United States
army and took part in the Sioux rebel
lion'in Dakota. He was wounded in the
knee. He received an honorable discharge
from the army for disability, partial par
alysis having resulted from the wound.
Dickman spent much time in San Fran
cisco hospitals and then drifted to Santa
Cruz, He was refused admittance" to the
hospital here. Without money and too
proud to beg, he attempted burglary.
ITALY'S OBJECTION TO THE
VATICAN'S PARTICIPATION
It Has Caused a Delay in Issuing In-
vitations to the Peace
Conference.
NEW YORK. March 27. — A special cab!©
to the Sun from The Hague says: Invi
tations to the Peace Conference which is
to open here on May 18 are still held H.
the Foreign Office, the Czar not having
as yet given word to issue them. The do
lay' is ascribed to Italy's objection to the
Vatican's participation in the conference.
The Papal Nuncio here is making fre
quent visits to the Foreign Office in coiir
nection with the matter, but it is not be
lieved that he has had any success.
Queen Wilhelmina is delighted at the
prospect of receiving delegates to the con
ference? ar.d is personally supervising ar
rangements to give them a most cordial
reception. This is regarded ;\s a most
welcome augury of her reign, departing as
it does from the historic reserve of the
house of Orange.
NEGRO MINERS ATTACK
A CAMP OF WHITES
Colored Soldiers Recently Mustered
Out of Service Assist in the
Assault.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., March 28.— Negro
miners made an attack on the camp of
the whites at Dolomite, about twelve
miles from here, shortly after midnight.
The white men returned the fire, and sev
eral of the negroes were wounded. Negro
soldiers recently mustered out are aiding
the blacks. A race war is threatened.
None of the negroes were seriously
wounded. Sixteen of the ringleaders are
in the hands of officers, and a strong cor
don of deputies is patrolling the camp.2
VICTIMS OF
THE BULLETS
OF TAGALLOS
Additional Casualties Dur
ing the Battles With the
Filipinos.
KRAYENBUBL IS DEAD
Major General Otis Sends an Official
Report of the Men Killed and
Wounded in Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 27.— General
Otis has Jiotifled Adjutant General Cor
bin of the following additional casual
ties for March 23, -4, 25, 26:
KILLED.
Third Artillery — Lieutenant
M. c. Krayenbuhl, captain and
commissary, V. S. V.
Twentieth Kansas — Company
B, Sergeant Morris J. Cohen;
Company H, Private H. Fair
child.
Twenty-Second Infantry —
Sergeant Charles F. Brooks.
Second Oregon — Privates L.
V. Strawderman, Haines' B.
Taylor, Company L.
WOUNDED.
Twentieth Kansas — Company E,
Private John C. Muhr, lung, fatal;
Company D, Artificer James H. Hester,
neck, moderate; Company B, Samuel F.
Barton, leg, moder
Twentieth Infantry — Ira Wright,
foot, aevere.
Twenty-second Infantry — Com
pany A, Private Henry J. Scanlan,
shoulder, slight; Private William Geyer,
forearm, slight; Company B, First Ser
geant Patrick Byrne, leg, slight; Com
pany F, Private Ole Walme, shoulder,
slight; Artificer William Habebaum,
back; Company I, Private John Miller,
head; Company X, Musician Spurgean,
toe, slight; Company L, Private Wil
liam J. Bunlap, hand, severe.
First Montana — Major F. J. Adams,
surgeon, thigh, slight; Company B,
Private Edward Morrissey, arm, slight.
Third Artillery— Battery X, Pri
vate Robert Norfeld, leg, severe; Pri
vate Patrick O'Brien, forearm, severe;
Company L, Private Mason Callaway,
side, severe.
. First South Dakota — Company C,
Private Georgi •, leg, slight;
Company F, Private Byron Hastings,
knee; Sergeant Hiram A. Pratt, thigh,
slight; Company I, Private Fred Bar
ber, chest, severe; Company C, Artificer
Arno Hughes, thigh, moderate; Com
pany L, Private Myers Allison, hands
and arms, moderate; Private Fred L*ir
encon, chest, severe.
Thirteenth Minnesota — Company E,
Private Ja.ek Hamilton, thigh and knee,
slight; Company F, Private Robert
Geib, thigh, moderate.
Second Oregon — Company A, Pri
vate Leo B. Grace, neck, moderate;
Company D, Private Daniel E. Bow
man, hand, severe; Company F, Pri
vate Richard E. Priokdale, leg, mod
erate; Company G, Private Charles E.
Cochard, sprained ankle; Company M,
Corporal Frank E. Edwards, thigh, so-
Conipany G, Private William D.
Collins, shoulder, severe; Musician El
mer E. Barnes, elbow, slight; Company
H, Private Ralph Hodgens, elbow, mod
erate; Company I. Private William R.
Stoffer. chest, severe; company X, Ser
geant Charles T. Wallace, neck, slight.
First Idaho — Company A, Private-
Claude Hill, chest, severe.
First Nebraska — Company C, First
Lieutenant Joseph C. Storch, arm,
slight; Company A, Private Weldon R.
Robbins, thigh, moderate; Company D,
Private Fred Wagen, oh. st, severe;
Private Harry Fetchie, hand, moder
ate; Company E, Private Walker S.
Smedley, thigh, moderate; Company I,
Private William J. Fink, thigh, severe;
Company M, Private Mate Summers,
First North Dakota— Company H,
Private Harry W. Donovan, forearm,
moderate. . M ,
March 23, wounded not heretofore re-
r ° Sixth Artillery— Battery D, Private
Broderick J. Kelly, shoulder, slight.
First Washington— Company G,
Private Robert E. Morrin, hand, slight;
March 18th.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Major Baldwin Detailed to Act as
Chief Commissary Here.
WASHINGTON. March 21- Major Wil
liam H. Baldwin. commissary of subsist-
Unlted States army, in addition to
hi^ duties as purchasing commissary at
Francisco, will report in person to
tmmanding genera!, Department of
California, for assignment to duty as
chief commissary of the department, to
relieve Major Solomon F. Thorne, com
missary of subsistence. United States vol
unteers. Major Carroll Mercer, chief
commissary of subsistence. United States
volunteers, is relieved from further duty
in the Department of Havana, and will
'»roc.'-cd to San Francisco and report In
a to Major William H. Baldwin.
Llsaary of subsistence. United States
army for duty as assistant in the office
of th<i purchasing commissary in that
cit v
Art ;: mt Surgeon T. G. Holmes,
: my, is relieved from fur
ther duty .ii Fort Wayne, -Snenigan, and
\mil proceed to New Fort, Spokane,
Wash., and report In person to, the com
manding officer of that pest for duty.
Private Jack Blanton. Fort Mason. Cal
ifornia, i:- discharged the service of the
United State*. . ,
pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Origiral— Jeremiah E
Sh. sta, %»'>: Simon Alexander, Los .'
les. Jti: George C. S^mers, Los Angeles, $G.
Additional— Joseph W. Fitts, Santa Rosa.
\\illiam B. DickinHon,
Boldlers' Home, Los Angelos, $S to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Eveline Peck, Sis
son. $S; Henrietta Lehe, Stockton, $S.
\\ r idows, Indian wars— Margaret Jane
Holman, Santa Rosa, $8.
Washington: Increase— William Plum
mc-r. Ortlng, $6 to $10. Original— James B.
Murnford, Pendleton, $6.
SELLS COMPRESSED
AIR IN CAPSULES
(S) TRENTON, N. J., March 27.— Articles of incorporation of the Com- ®
(S\ pressed Air Traction Company, with a capital of $15,000,000, were filed. ®
r! to-day. I' ne company is empowered to manufacture and to deal in ®
compresed air in capsules. The in corporators are Henry E. Howland, ®
® g heading Bertram of New York. G. L. Prentlss, Montclair: Charles E. @
® Levy,' New Orleans. ®
NEARING AGUINALDO'S CAPITAL. _
9
Birdseye View oF the Country Between Manila and Malalos, Over Half of ♦
Which the Americans Have Already Fought Their Way. The American t
Lines Extend From Miralao East Along the River, While the Insurgents
Are Stretched Along Their Front From Bocave to Santa Maria.
STRONGLY PROTEST
AGAINST ALLIANCE
German-Americans Go
on Record.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 27.— The Auditor!- |
urn was packed full this evening of !
German-Americans, called together to
protest against an Anglo-American al- |
liance, and the alleged false assertions |
made against Germany in connection
with the recent Spanish-American war. ;
The committee in charge received ap- j
plications for several thousand more j
tickets of admission than there were j
seats in the hall. A chorus of 700 male j
voices was one of the features of the
programme.
Ex-Congressman William Voceck pre- |
sided and delivered the opening ad
dress. Other speeches were made by
William Rapp on "The Immigrated
Germans," Fritz Glouger on "The
American People Not Anglo-Saxon," j
the Rev. Rudolph A. John on "The
American-Born Germans," and the |
Rev. George D. Heldmann on "What ;
We Demand." The meeting was a very |
enthusiastic one and the following de- j
claration was unanimously adopted:
With profoundest indignation we have 4
noticed the persistent efforts of English I
and American newspapers not only .to in
cite in our people vicious prejudices j
against Germany and to defame the char
acter of the German-American, but als>o
to drag the United States into an alliance |
W As FovlTcftizens of this republic it is
our right as. well as our duty to resist
these wicked practices with all due hrm
ness. The emigrants from Germany have
brought with them to this land the
achievements of civilization as high as it
"old Upon every field of the intellectual
of our nation, as well as in commerce,
industry and agriculture, their efforts
have redounded to the weal of our people, ;
and In peace as well as in war they have
at all times faithfully fulfilled their duty. |
No Dart of the American people has done
more for the cultivation of music Bocia
bilitv the arts, science, the churches and
schools than the Germans. As good citi
zens of this country we cheerfully hand
over the achievements of German culture j
to our youthful American' people, still in
a state "of development.
We emphatically object, therefore to |
the attempt to stamp our people as An- ,
glo-Saxons and to make it subservient to ■
English guile. Not England hut tne
whole of Europe is the mother country of j
the white inhabitants of the Lnited
St3,tC J 8
" We demand that not only friendly re
lations be maintained with Germany, that
has been a faithful friend of our people |
for more than 120 years, but that peace ■
and harmony be cultivated with all na
tions, and we will, therefore, true to the
wise counsel of George Washington, at |
all times oppose the formation of all en. |
tangling alliances with England, as well
as with other countries, whereby our
country may be involved in unnecessary
We denounce the dffamera who have
not only instigated pifclic ill-will against
Germany, but who have been their grow
slanderers also when the seeds of discord
were sown among our people, and we sol
emnly protest against the proposed «£lh
ance with England.
We further declare that with all law
ful means at our disposal, especially in |
political campaigns, we will at all times |
strenuously oppose all those who favor
the wicked attacks made upon friendly
natlona, and who labor to entangle our
country in an alliance with England. "W e
call upon the committee thai has charge
of the arrangements for this mass-meet
ing to invite all the German-American
churches, societies and orders in this city
to ser.d a delegate to a convention to be
held &t an early date for the purpose of
forming a permanent organization that
the German-American citizens may be
called to action whenever it shall become
necessary to protect the blessing of our
American Institutions against wicked and
wily politicians.
We call tipbn the committee to send
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1899.
DETAILS REGARDING
THAT SEA SERPENT
SydQey ScicQtists Interested in
the Emu's Alleged Dis
covery.
■ SYDNEY, N. S. W., March 27. — The, announcement of the discovery 13
jCjj of a sea monster at the island of Suwarrow has excited great interest, p.
& both in scientific circles and among the general public. Only a small S3
2? portion of the skeleton was brought here by the steamship Emu, but it g*.
8 is intended during the next trip of the vessel to call again at Suwarrow a
~ and recover all the bones. It is explained that the remains consist of. £j
j. two skulls, with one lower jawbone, a rib, and one of the bones of the §5
$ vertebrae. The skulls measure about three feet one of the bones to the- #
vertebrae. The skulls measure about three feet from the neck to the &
S point of the nose, and have a partial resemblance to the skull of an g
c» alligator. The teeth are missing, but there are evidences of the exls- jj
8 tence of two small tusks at the extremity of the lower jaw. There are 0
*3 channels in the skull which seem to have been for the purposes of SS
S breathing. The rib is about 2% feet in length, and the spine is appar- , V
# ently about 4 inches in diameter. All the bones are extremely light. $3
2? The natives, it appears, said that in addition to its other peculiar jig
8 characteristics, the monster had flappers like those of a seal. «
o' - I
■ON v%O*S O % ONO\O*.O •.C''iO%O!.Or* O 'iO'iO'.OSO?* OSSSSSOSSO*! O KCBiaSSOB
copies of these declarations to the Presi
dent of the United States, to his Secre
taries and to the Representatives in Con
gress. ______________
CONFERENCE OF QUAY'S
SUPPORTERS CALLED
Senator Magee and His Followers
May Soon Desert to the
Opposition.
HARRISBURG. Pa.. March 27.— There
are rumors here to-night that a confer
ence of Senator Quay's friends through
out the State will he held at the Execu
tive Mansion on Wednesday to discuss
the Senatorial contest. The story is that
Mr. Quay has notified his friends that he
Is feeling too badly to leave Florida at
this time and that he will leave his can
didacy entirely in their hands. Senator
C. L. Magee or Allegheny and his follow
ers, who have been voting for Mr. Quay
since the beginning of the deadlock, are
expected to break away within ten days,
and this is assigned as the most potent
rgason for the conference. Senator Magee
is not in Harrisburg to-night and will
not reach here till to-morrow. Senator
Mitchell of Jefferson, who assumes to
speak for the Quay legislators, says Mr.
Quay will remain a candidate, no matter
what Senator Magee and his followers
may do. He is the only Quay leader on
the ground to-night.
The anti-Quay Republicans are expect
ed to concentrate on a candidate to-mor
row or Wednesday to show their full
strength. They have hitherto divided
their votes among a dozen different men.
Vhe air is full of all sorts of rumora
about the Senatorship, but none of them
can be traced io any reliable sources ex
cept that Mr. Quay will not come to
Harrisburg this week.
ELECTION CONTEST DECIDED.
SANTA BARBARA, March 27.— 1n the
Superior Court to-day Judge Day ren
dered an opinion on the election contest
over the Sheriff's office by which Stewart
(R.) will continue to hold office, unless
an adverse decision he given by the Su
preme Court, to which Hicks will
appeal. At the general election the vote
was a tie. Both agreed to a special elec
tion and Stewart got over 150 majority.
Hicks alleged illegalities at the first elec
tion.
SERIOUS CRISIS IN
RUSSIAN CABINET
NEW YORK, March 27.— A special cable to the Journal from Berlin
says: According to reports received here from St. Petersburg there i 3
a crisis in the Russian Cabinet. The Czar has found out that his Min
isters have been systematically concealing important matters of state
from him, such as for one example, the extent of the famine in Russia.
It is also reported that Ministers acted without authority in taking
extreme measures against the Duchy of Finland. When the Czar be-
came aware of the independent moves of his Cabinet there was a stormy
scene, the Czar declaring to the Ministers that he was ruler, and would
not allow the Cabinet to supersede his authority in any particular.
The Czar was particularly severe on the Minister of the Interior, M.
Goremy Kine, who is likely to be superseded by M. de Witte, Minister
of Finance.
It is also expected that M. Bogolepow, Minister of Instruction, will
be dismissed on account of his conduct in recent student troubles.
GERMANY YET
UPHOLDS MATAAFA
Ik
Kingship Question in
Samoa Held Open.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. March 27.— The live
ly discussion of Samoan affairs in the
foreign press seems to be the sequel
of the developments of last week, which
have not been followed by, any material
change in the situation. Secretary Hay
has had further conferences with Em
bassador yon Holleben of Germany,
and Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British
Embassador, but these, it is stated quite
positively, have not advanced the sub
ject toward a settlement.
The Berlin report In one of the Lon
don papers to the effect that the Ger
mans had determined to abandon the
support of King Mataafa in order to
induce the United States to withdraw
Chief Justice Chambers is not borne
out by any proposition made* here. It
is the view of the State Department
that if the Germans withdrew support
from Mataafa the trouble would prac
tically be over, as the kingship is at the
bottom of the present nffair.
Thus far, however, there has been no
intimation that the Germans would
abandon Mataafa. On the contrary,
the understanding has been that the
contention between Mataafa and Ma
lietoa would go over to await fuller in
formation, the only action in the mean
time being restricted to the contro
versy between German, American and
PROGRESS OF
ADVANCE UPON
THE FILIPINOS
Satisfactory Reports Received at
Washington as to American
Operations.
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 2?.
The third day of fighting north of
Manila brought little of a decisive char
acter from which War Department offi
cials could judge what the final out
come of this movement would be. In
all official quarters the most intense in
terest prevailed, but there was no excite
ment and none of that anxiety and ten
sion shown during the memorable days
of last summer, when the decisive
blows were being struck at Santiago.
Early in the day General Otis cabled
the War Department a brief but com
prehensive dispatch summing up the
situation. It disclosed that severe fight
ing was going on to-day with our forces
advanced as far north as Mariloa, while
the insurgents, under the command of
Aguinaldo, were being driven back with
considerable slaughter. This and the
press dispatches satisfied the officials
that the strategy movement of entrap
ping the insurgents between our lines
had not proved as successful as de
signed, and that the move had now
shifted to a retreat by Aguinaldo's
forces and a pursuit by our. troops. The
insurgent retreat toward Malolos was
slow and dogged and advantage was
taken of one after another of lines of
intrenchments, the burning of bridges
and the interrupting of communication.
General Otis 1 dispatch, although re
ceived early to-day, was sent Monday
evening. Manila time, and summed up
the work of the three days. The fight
ing would proceed into the fourth day
was shown by his closing sentence:
"The column will press on in the morn
ing." This refers to Tuesday.
The engagement has now shaped
itself so that it is looked upon as more
of a chase than the execution of a
strategic movement. With the Ameri
can base advanced to Mariloa and the
insurgent base forced back to Malolos
the main bodies of the two opposing
forces are about ten or twelve miles
apart. This could be quickly covered
in a forced march under fair conditions,
but it is twelve miles of innumerable
difficulties and obstacles, which our
troops must cover before they reach the
insurgents' stronghold.
It is" expected that the engineers with
Mac Arthur are hastily repairing the
burned bridges. This will permit the
artillery to be taken forward as well
as the infantry columns. It is expected
that every mile of the distance to Ma
lolos will be contested by the insur
gents, for General Otis reports that it
is a stretch of country covered with
the intrenchments thrown up during
the last three months. Our men, there
fore, must advance slowly, repairing
the roads as they go and at the same
time they must fight their way through
well-made rebel intrenchments. Seri
ous as the work is there is no lack of
confidence among officials here as t<
the satisfactory outcome of the cam
paign.
Malolos is the insurgent capital,
where the assembly has been sitting
and the insurgent government has been
in operation. It represents more to
the insurgents than any other place
in the Philippines and little doubt is
entertained that they will make a des
perate stand there. The tactics of
Aguinaldo are taking him gradually
beyond the range of Admiral Dewoy's
guns. While the insurgents were at
Malabon on Saturday, they were within
a mile of the water front and easily
within range of the fleet. But as they
have moved northward they have grad
ually gone from the bay. Malolos is
about seven miles back from the bay,
although there are shallow estuaries
which would permit light-draught
boats to get within a mile or two.
With to-day the fighting has lasted
seventy-two hours. Judged by the
standards of great battles, such as
Waterloo, Plevna and others men
tioned by army authorities, this is a
long and intensely arduous engage
ment. But the fighting at Manila is
quite different from the standards of
civilized armies, as it is' a running
brush conflict with only occasional is
sues between organized bodies of
troops. Some of the battles of the Civil
War lasted many days, notably the
battle of the Wilderness and the fight
ing about Richmond.
In speaking of the element of endur
ance. General Ste-nberg said to-day
that he had gone for seven days in the
continuous fighting around Richmond
without renewing the supplies origin
ally issued before the fighting began.
The main question in these long-con
British Consular and municipal offi
cers.
The following from an interview at
Apia with Chief Justice Chambers, pub
lished in the News of Auckland, would in
dicate that outside agencies were at work
in the precipitation of the war in Samoa:
"What was the cause of Mataafa be
ginning the war?" Mr. Chambers was
asked.
"Well," answered the Chief Justice, "I
should sny it was largely owing to the
action of officials in Samoa, who are
neither British nor American officials. I
believe if Mataafa had been left to him
self he would not have aspired to the
kingship but would have contented him
self as high chief of his own district
When my decision was given in favor of
Malietoa Tanu, 1 met the high chiets on
both sides, and I firmly believe those men
Intended to loyally abide by the decision."
"Is there any evidence of the interfer
ence Of Europeans in the kingship ques
"There is plenty evidence of a kind.
For instance, the native Chief Justice and
the native. Secretary of State in the Sa
moan Government called upon President
Raffei for their salaries for the month of
December last. President Raffei. who is
also Treasurer of the Government, told
them that before he could pay them he
must see the German Consul. They went
with him to see the Consul, and were in
formed that their salaries could not be
paid as there was to be a change of Gov
ernment in a few days."
"Did the Samoans receive the assistance
of any Europeans during the war?"
"There is little doubt on that subject,
and there is no doubt that they were per
suaded by Europeans to begin the war."
"\re the reports as to the action of the
German officials during the .lighting cor-
rect ?"
"There is a sworn affidavit from one of
the principal citizens of Apia bearing on
this subject; probably you know of it. It
is well known throughout Apia that Cap
tain Sturdee censured the Consul for the
part he was taking, and censured him
before a number of people."
The Chief Justice, when asked to ac
count for the apparent majority Jn favor
of Mataafa. said that such majority was
more apparent than real. Evidence taken
on this subject before the decision show
ed that the followers of Malletoa Tanu
•were as numerous as those of Mataafa,
and Malietoa. without a majority, was
legally entitled to the kingship.
Asked as to the charges of interference
MACARTHUR
GOES OVER
ANDERSON
WASHINGTON, March 27.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: As a result of his gal
lantry and judicious manage
ment of the campaign against
the insurgents, the War Depart
ment has practically determined
to appoint Arthur Mac Arthur,
now major general of volunteers
and a lieutenant colonel in the
regular army, to be brigadier
general in the regular service.
General Mac Arthur's appoint
ment will be made immediately
after the retirement of General
Sumner, who will be appointed
to the vacancy in the regular
establishment caused by the re
tirement to-day of Brigadier
General Marcus P. Miller, who
relinquishes his command of the
troops at lloilo.
It was intended that after
General Sumner's appointment
and retirement Major General
Anderson, now on duty with
General Otis, should be appoint
ed a brigadier general in the reg
ular establishment, but General
Mac Arthur's work in pursuing
Aguinaldo's forces has been of
such an excellent character that
the department feels that it will
only be a just reward to appoint
him to the grade.
tinued fights is to have all supplies,
stores, etc., kept abreast of the fighting
force, so that there may be no exhaust
ion. In this respect all the reports of
the fighting about Manila are most
gratifying to the authorities here, in
showing that the quartermaster, com
missary, medical and signal stores are
well up with our righting lines.
The belief is expressed at the War
Department that the Filininos are man
ufacturing the ammunition that is be
ing used with such recklessness. When
General Greene was in the Philippines
he went to the Filipino camps and re
mained some time. His report to the
President shows that the Filipinos ob
tained quite a large supply nf arms and
ammunition when Dewey captured Ca
vite, and that they had heretofore ob
tainqgl a supply of Remingtons and
Mausers.
General Greene also found that the
Filipinos had established a factory for
the manufacture of ammunition for
these rifles, and this factory probably
is still in operation and furnishing a
sufficient supply to the insurgents.
A short time ago the Zealandia and
Puebla left San Francisco with the
Ninth Infantry, bound to Manila. By
the Ist of April four transports are ex
pected to arrive at San Francisco from
Manila and they will return with rein
forcements for Otis about the 25th of
that month.
The Hancock will tak° the Twenty
first Infantry, the Warren eight batter
ies of the Sixth Artillery and recruits,
the Newport 250 marines --- " recruits
and the Morgan City six companies of
the Thirteenth Infantry. A little later
the Ohio will arrive and return with the
remainder of the Thirteenth Infantry.
The Senator is also expected later in
the month and can take 1000 men.
The use of Chinese as litter-bearers
is said to he a device to save our own
men for the more serious work. The
Chinese carry a light bamboo litter,
and, being accustomed to the cllmpt«
they can travel twice as far as an un
acclimated carrier. The main point,
however, is that the fighting force is
kept intact. While the casualty list is
a source of profound regret in army
quarters, it is said to be comparatively
low. considering the number of men en
gaged and the durition of the action.
This is accounted for by the long-range
shooting of the insurgents, who do not
shoot at a mark but in the general di
rection of our lines. While these stray
bullets do considerable havoc in our
lines, it is far less than the results of
close-range volleys from tit* I**1 ** ranks of
insurgents in the open or from a con
siderable number of sharpshooters.
The- following cablegram was re
celved by the War Dfrartmont on
March 19th, and has just been made
public:
MANILA, March 19.— Adjutant Gpneral.
Washington: Have purchased all gun
boata in Philippines of Spain— thirteen in
number, now at Zamboanga. Half are in
Serviceable condition. Payment in cash
from public funds upon delivery at Ma
nila. They will be sent for this week.
OTIS.
in politics brought against the London
Mission, the Chief Justice declared that
they were altogether unfounded, "and. as
to my relations with the London Mis
sion," continued the Chief Justice, "they
have been completely misrepresented. Oh
my arrival in Samoa, before I was joined
by my family and before I had taken the
office of Chief Justice, I had rooms in an
otherwise unoccupied building in the
mission ground?. There are *o private
boarding houses in| Apia, and I wished
for quiet and respectable quarters. I re
ceived the use of the rooms in the mis
; sion building at my own request and
! through the courtesy of the mission of
; flcials. AVith regard to any participation
I of the missionaries in the trial, this I can
1 completely deny: I never received a vol
untary statement or suggestion of any
i kind from Mr. Newell or any other mis"
--j slonaiy during the progress of the trial
i The only unsolicited written statements
j that came into my hands during the In
i vestlgation were from a Catholic mis
! sionary an€ from Dr. Kramer, a German
' navy officer, the latter containing a sug
gestion from the Imperial German Con
sul, which bore directly on the case
This, of course, was entirely unwar
ranted and against legal etiquette."
TREADWELL FIGHTING
THE DAMAGE SUIT
SAX JOSE. March 27.— James P. Tread
well, the young capitalist, who is defend
ed t in a $25,000 damage suit brought by
tieorgie Woods, is determined to resist
the young woman's effort to obtain a por
tion of his money. The case was up to
day on demurrer. G. Y. Bollinger the
guardian of Treadwell, was dropped from
the suit. TreadwelTs attorneys then ap
plied to Judge Kittredge for an order to
have a physical examination of Miss
■\\ ooda made to ascertain the severity of
the injuries inflicted by Tr^adwell.
Treadwell beat the woman during a
drunken carousal. He was arrested for
battery, then for Intent to commit mur
der, and finally he was sued for $25 000
TreadweU claims the woman remains
in bed in order to strengthen her claim
for damages. The suit promises to be very
sensational. The woman's attorneys ob
jected to the examination and Uv" hear
in;.; went over to Thursday *
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative* Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
(Irugrft)gts refund the .money, if it falls to cure
2aa The genuine lias L,. B. Q. on each tablet'
NO INCREASE IN
PASSENGER RATES
Santa Fe Officials Deny
a Rumor.
HAVE ENTERED NO COMPACT
LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO
FARES TO STAND.
The Company Expects to Have Trains
Running to the Bay by the
Middle of Next
December.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 27.— Thft
prospect of an increase in passenger
rates to and from San Francisco
when the Santa Fe shall finally reach
there causes speculation in railroad
circles. It has been rumored that at
a meeting of passenger representatives
of the Southern Pacific and Santa Fe
companies it was practically decided to
raise the first-class San Francisco rate
to $15 each way, the figure quoted be
fore the Valley Road compelled a re
duction to the $13 rate now in exist
ence. X was given out positively at
the Santa Fe headquarters to-day that.
an increase was not contemplated. Th-
Santa Fe will be running trains into
San Francisco about December 15, al
though the time for the service may be
fixed at an earlier date. General Pas
senger Agent Byrne said:
"We intend to give the public a
service at least as good as that of the
opposition. It is not yet known how
many trains daily will be run on the
new line."
The Santa Fe Company wffl buy 2000
more freight cars. The recent rains in
sure a heavy graiy crop, the transpor
tation of which will overtax the pres
i ent equipment of the Valley division.
This rolling stock must be delivered in
time to be available for moving the
wheat crop of the San Joaquin Valley.
The Santa Fe is in such a position that
it can take at least one-half the wheat
•shipments from the valley this year.
George A. Nickerson of Boston, a
Santa Fe director and well known cap
italist, is in San Francisco. It is his
I intention to inspect the San Joaquin
line, accompanied by Second Vice Pres
ident A. H. Payson.
The company has plrnty of money for
all present needs. The Hellman syndi
cate, which two years ago bought the
$6,000,000 bond issue of the Valley road,
agreeing to pay monthly installments,
has up to the present paid $4,500,000.
The directors count upon the remaining
$1,500,000 to pay for the completion of
the road into San Francisco. It is
stated that the $450,000 recently paid for
freight terminal facilities at tho f>">t
of Bryant street, San Francisco, came
from the treasury of the Santa Fe.
CONSUMPTION
In its Incipient stage may be cured. This
fact has been established. .It has been
proved beyond a doubt by thousands of
persons who have used the great blood. .
nerve and tissue builder, HUDYAN.
HUDYAN has drawn thousands away
from the clutches of the dread disease.
There is no denying: "the fact. Many peo-
ple have been restored to perfect health
by HUDYAN after their cases were pro-
nounced hopeless by the best physicians.
You can be cured if you will. Do .not: de-
lay. Remember that delays are danger-
ous They are especially so in cases of
*_ incipient consumi)-.
/^-V\ tlon. Look at these
if \ I • symptoms. Study
Jf^-Sll them carefully.
a«> -te-u Are they yours?
\OvQ/ Then you must be
Tl -S- I careful. You are
IV | ' within the grasp
12£ I of consumption.
>-»> - / <=* V. HUDYAN will re-
lease you. Take
A © \ HUDYAN now.
\ W \ 1. FLUSHING
\ / x OF THE CHEEKS
\V t\ I IN THE AFTER-
\ *-■**-- i NOON AND EVE-
\ /\ NIN/j— • hectic
1 \ flush— the first
\ symptom of con-
\ sumption. HUD-
/ - YAK will cause it
/ -* to disappear.
J HUDYAN will es-
'- - : . tablish a perfect
circulation of the blood and cause the
cheeks to assume a normal rosy color.
2. TICKLING IN THE THROAT AND
COUGH. At first the cough is a slight
hack— that Is the first indication. HID-
YAN will stop the tickling and the cough.
HUDYAN will relieve it in a few days.
3. A SLIGHT PAIN IN ONE OR BOTH
LUNGS, usually near the tops. This is.
an Indication that the consumptive germ
has invaded the lung tissue. HUDYAN
will eradicate the germ. HUDYAN will
| restore the lung tissue to a healthy con-
dition and prevent further destruction.
4. WEAKNESS AROUND THE HEART
The heart Is becoming weak. HUDYAN
will strengthen it and cause the weakness
to disappear.
You have the symptoms. Be wise. Take
HUDYAN before it is too late. Do not al-
low your case to go on to the Incurable
stage. If you do there will be no help for
you. HUDYAN should be used at once.
It will make the lung tissue strong and
the germs of the disease will be rapidly
drawn from the system. Then you will
regafn your health and strength. HUDYAN
can be obtained of all druggists for 50c
per package or 6 packages for $2 50. II
your druggist does not Keep HUDYAN.
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY
i COMPANY, San Francisco or Los An-
I geles. Cal. A staff of physicians, and sur-
I geons may be consulted free if you will
call. You may call or write as you de-
sir*. Consultation Is free. Advice is free.
Address.
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broadway,
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Bills Sts>«
San Francisco, CaL
. I tried Ely's Cream jgf£w?**±
I Balm, and to all ; ap- gc^iJ^lßk\^\.
| pearances am cured of ligv??,#<&»bColv^I igv??,# <&»bC0lv^
| catarrh. The terrible J S> '*£& »Uoj
i headaches from which O T^ B /Mf/
I long suffered are y> H*r-^/
gone.— W. J. Hitchcock, C _X-a * v /
late Major V. S. Vol. a S&gA
and A. A. Gen., Buffalo, £|\g|g\
Cream Balm is"*plac"ed lnto 'nostrils", spreads
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. I^arsie size. SOe :
at druggists or by mail: trial size. 10c. by mail
ELY BROTHERS, £6 Warren at.. New Tork.
1 SWEET r ' Use /■%
RESTFUL Woodburys g^f)
SLEEP - Facial Soap nS^
I Follows a bath with WDODBVRY'S Facial
! Soap, and the face, ■ neck and arms and hand!»
rendered beautifully white, «oft and smooth,-
.with W'OODBURY'S Facial Cream. For Ml*
everywhere. : ;■
%HELD TO ANSWER
FOR THE WANTON
KILLING OF A BOY
Bail Is Denied Former Deputy
Sheriff Desirello of San
Mateo County.
REDWOOD CITY, March 27.— "Held
to answer and committed to the cus
tody of the Sheriff without bail."
Such was the order of the commit
ting magistrate, James Harmon, this
in the case of former Deputy
Sheriff Frederick Ferdinand Wallace
Desirello, charged with the murder of
James Johnston. The first part of the
order was not unexpected, though from
the evidence introduced it was thought
that possibly the prisoner would be ad
mitted to bail. The courtroom was
thronged with the usual crowd that at
tends cases of this kind. The air be
came so close and stifling that it was
necessary to open the doors and win
dows.
Desirello was accompanied by his
wife. Peter Johnston, the father of
the dead boy, was the first witness
balled for the prosecution. A stir was
caused when the court made an order
directing the Sheriff to search the wit
ness, it having been brought to his at
tention that Johnston had threatened
to kill Desirello upon sight, whether it
be In court, or out. Upon being satisfied
that the father had upon his person no
deadly weapon, the court ordered the
examination to proceed.
Johnston testified that he was the
father of Desrrello's victim, who at the
time of his death was a#out IT years of
age. The boy was on a visit to a mar
ried sister in Culma at the time of the
kii". :
During the cross-examination it was
attempted to show that neither the
complaining witness, the deceased nor
any of their relatives knew or had ever
had trouble with Desirello. The object
was t" show want of malice on the
part of the prisoner. From the trend
■of the questions asked It is evident that
t h e ,j, kg to prove that the kill
ing was accidental. The attorn* 5
the defendant also attempted to prove
that the prosecuting witness hud made
threai ■' the life of Desirello and
that he was actuated by spite and ani
mosity in making the complaint.
Dr Ross testified as to the cause of
death. He held an autopsy upon the
of the deceased and found that the
bullet had entered, about three inches
the lobe of the right ear and
came out at about the same relative
on on the left side. The jugular
, ,c severed and death was caused
by shock and hemorrhage.
■ John Vaocari, the young man who
Iriving the wagon on the night of
told how he. Johnston
and Jensen were driving to Belii's store.
As he was crossing the switch of the
electric railroad near the White House
lie noticed a man st^p out into the mid
dle of the track and then back again.
Their horses were going at an ordinary
trot — "neither too fast nor too slow,"
as he put it. The man he saw said
nothing whatever to him and made no
motion. The horses were und^r perfect
control and were trotting not over six
miles an hour. He could have stopped
them easily within a yard or two. The
boys were making no noise or dis
turbance of any kind. Almost imme
diately after the man Cwho, it Is ad
mitted, was Desirello) stepped back a
phot was fired, which struck the front
wheel of the wagon. A second and
then a third shot were fired. By this
time they were about at Belii's store.
It was then that James Johnston said
"COIN" HARVEY
HAS RESIGNED
Leaves the Silver Demo
cratic Committee.
Prwv-lal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 27.— W. H. ("Coin")
yhas r^siened as general manager
of the ways and means committee of the
i rursmitteeand Sam B. Cook,
of Missouri has been appointed in his
place. Mr. < '<">k has been in practical
charge of the office- for some time while
Mr. Harvey has been absent. .Mr. Har
vey gives ms the cause of his resigna
that h" could not «*et the commit
tee to agree on what he thought was a
practical, businesslike and aggressive
He expressed an earnest desire
.. S!ir p«s '>f th^ work of the ways
and means committee and the princi
pf the Chicago platform, but fur
ther than this he refused to make any
etaterji'iit.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 27.—
Hon. W. J. Bryan was this evening
oho<rn the Associated Press telegram
relating to th.- resignation of \V. 11.
Harvey. Ho said:
"Mr. Harvey has been very efficient
and" has through his speeches and writ
.ings, contributed largely to the growth
of Bimetallic sentiment. Mr. Cook is
: tlip original silver men of Mis
i . and the work of the committee
not Buffer in his hands. I believe
Mr. Harvey's plan <>f collecting money
for educational purposes is a feasible
one, and that the people who believe in
the restoration of bimetallism ought to
contribute to carry on the fight. The
financiers have contributed larg.lv to
circulate thp gold standard literature.
I know nothing of Mr. Harvey's rea-
Bons for resigning further than your
telegram states."
DIES IN AN ASYLUM.
FT. LOUIS, March 27.— Bishop James
Puggan "died to-day at St. Vincent's In-
Asylum, whore he had been a pa
tient tor twenty-nine years. He was 74
y^irs of at?**. The Bishop's Intellect be
clouded In I V 7<">. nn<l it was found
■;iry to provide for him at tho asy
lum One of his delusions was that he
was' the Tope. At intervals ho appeared
to h<- entirely rational. At such times
aid pore" over ecclesiastical volumes
ant incidents of his life.
Fifty years hK" Bishop Duggan was the
coadjutor and friend of Archbishop Ken
«!i.i lookrd upon his as his suc
but he was afterward removed to
«,. Up to the time of his death
he was always permitted to retain the
tarb of ft Bishop. '
Exonerates Dr. Corey.
TACOMA. March 27.— The Coroner's
Jury in the case of Mrs. Dr. Corey re
turned a verdict that she came to her
death i jr. : belng shot by her husband while
he was laboring under the Influence of a
nightmare. •
Edward Hanlon, the great mana
ger of the champion Baltimores,
writes about baseball for 1899, in
next Sunday's Call.
to him: "Jack, I'm shot." They pulled 1
up the horses in front of the store and j
Johnston jumped from the wagon and ;
grasped a railing on the porch of the j
store to keep from falling. Desire.io
then came up and caught the wounded j
boy as he was falling. The witness
asked Desirello what he shot at them j
for, he said.
"Fred, you knew who we were. \V c
were doing no harm. Why did you
shoot at us?"
Desirello replied, "Phut your mouth
or I'll put a bullet through you, too.'
Desirello's wife, who was at Colma,
came up on the scene, and said:
"Fred, what have you done? Have
you killed a man?" .
"Yes; and I shot to kill," he replied.
The witness said that a moment later
Desirello corrected himself by saying:
"I shot to kill the horses."
Vaccari testified that some one in the
crowd said a doctor should be sent for.
but that Desirello said it was too late.
He however went to Ocean View, a dis
tance of about one and a half miles and
procured a physician. When he re
turned the boy was dead.
The witness was subjected to a severe
cross-examination but his story with a
few minor exceptions remained un-
shaken. ,
Henry Jensen, the third boy on the
wagon," said he got aboard near the
switch and sat on the left side of the
scat with his back turned to the horses.
He not iced a man step out into the
track and back again. He thought ho
recognized him as Desirello from the
hat he wore. As soon as the man
stepped back he saw him throw his
hand to his back pocket a-s though
reaching for a revolver. Immediately
a first shot was fired, and he could dis
tinctly see the flash of the revolver.
He saw the flash of a second shot, the
bullet passing close to his head. When
the third shot was fired they were al
most at the store and it was then he
heard Johnston say he was shot. So
far as he could see or hear Desirello
neither called to them to stop nor made
any motions to stop them. He did not
see Desirello run along trying to stop
the horses, and, besides, the horse? were
not traveling fast. He corroborated
Vaccari regarding everything that was
said and done at the store after Desir
ello came up.
Daniel Neville, the Constable, testi
fied that Desirello gave himself up and
surrendered his revolver and asked to
be taken to Redwood City. James
Crowe, the Coroner, produced the wea
pon that caused the death.
Here the prosecution rested its case,
and after a short recess "William Mur
phy was placed on the stand for the
defense. He was with Desirello on tho
night in question and at the time of
the shooting. He said the defendant
ordered the boys to halt, as they were
going at a rapid rate, the horses being
on a lope when they passed him. He
admitted that he told a reporter he
was not present at the time of the
shooting, but was in the kennels at the
White House and came out when the
shooting began. He did this, he said.
to get rid of the reporter and not he
mixed up with the affair until he was
called upon to testify in court.
There was an attempted demonstra
tion, when the court made its order
holding the defendant, which was im
mediately quelled. The District At
torney will file an information in a few
days and Desirello will be given a
speedy trial.
FIRE DESTROYS
ARMOUR WORKS
Six Employes Missing,
Many Injured.
EpfyMal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 27.— Fire destroyed
the Armour curled hair and felt works,
Thirty-first place and Lenson street,
to-night, causing a property loss of
nearly $400,000, injuring eleven em
ployes, one fatally, and endangered the
lives of 400 others, who rushed to es
cape through the blinding BmoKft
Late to-night it was found that six
people who were In the building when
the fire broke out were missing, and
while it is not thought that all of them
are dead. It is probable that the ma
jority of them perished. The names of
the missing follow:
JAMES FLAXNAGAX, machine
hand, last seen on third floor.
WILLIAM GILLSON, workman, last
seen on fourth floor.
ELLA HENNIWBIGHT, last seen on
second floor.
THOMAS MITCHELL, last seen on
fifth fioor.
DENNIS BHEEHAN.
JOHN WHITE, last seen on third
floor.
The injured: Jeremiah Steele, jumped
from third story window, will die; Jo
seph Kuda, badly burned about legs
and body; J'.-hn Rhodes, jumped from
second story window, leg broken;
George Mosher, fell down, elevator
shaft, right shoulder broken; August
Schomberg, ankle sprained ami scalp
wound; Mamie Ryan, face and arms
burned; Georgie Schwartz, hands, face
and arms burned; Margaret Goenthy,
both arms cut and head bruised; Nei-
Ue McNab, hands and fact- burned;
Paul Rosomier, both hands burned, left
side of head scorched; Harry Lee, fell
from Becond story window, scalp
w ound.
Employes on the floor on which the
fire bcaited said that a nail which
caught in a "picker " caused friction,
igniting the inflammable material with
which the machines are fed. The
llames spread to bales of curled hair,
and in three minutes the entire flo<rr
was dense with blinding black smoke.
Men and women left their posts in
frantic rushes to the exits. Many ran
to windows and descended by the flre
escapes, but most groped through the
smoke to the first floor and out the cor
ner entrance.
Jeremiah Steele was bending over his
carding machine when the blaze broke
out. Stifled by the smoke, he staggered
to a window, swung himself over the
sill and held by his ringyrs. Mean
while firemen stretched a net and
shouted to Steele to drop. He did bo,
but crashed to the stone sidewalk.
The Armour felt works burned out
nearly a year ago-. It was replaced by
a substantial five-story structure, 112
by 225 feet, which was completed only
last August. Equipped with special
reference to fire protection in the way
of construction and exterior flre es
capes, the total destruction worked by
to-day's blaze was a source of keen re
gret to the owners. The loss is total.
The insurance is $300,000.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAT,!,, TUESDAY, IVIABCH 28, 1899.
O'CONNELL SPEAKS
ON AMERICANISM
Special Correspondence of The Call and
New York Herald.
ROME, March 10.— I have been for
tunate enough to have a long talk
to-day with Monsignor O'Connell,
formerly rector of the North Amer
ican College, who is an intimate
friend of Monsignor Ireland and of Mon
signor Keane, who has always been one
of the most fervent apostles of American
ist doctrines. I wished to know what was
the interpretation that this prelate gave
to the letter of the Holy Father on Amer
icanism, and the opinions he was kind
enough to give me on this subject are all
the more valuable inasmuch as they may
be considered as a reflection of the opin
ions of the Archbishop of St. Paul and of
the high dignitaries of the Catholic
church in the United States who have
embraced the doctrines of Father Hecker.
"The question," he said to me, "is not
as obscure or as complicated as it may
appear at first sight. The confusion
which has arisen is due entirely to the
passions which have been stirred up
around it, in Europe more than anywhere
else. Heckerism has been confounded
with Americanism— that is to say, they
are two things standing entirely without
the other, and one may disappear with
out the -other, the other ceasing to exist."
''Has not the Pope's letter condemned
them all?"
"On the contrary, it condemned certain
theories formulated by Father Hecker.
but it cannot be said that It absolutely
reproved Heckerism as a whole. If one
wishes to be more precise, it may be said
the Pope has censured the exaggerations
which Father Hecker's biographers in
troduced into his doctrine, which were
condemned by Americanistß themselves
long before the august word of the Holy
Father had enlightened them, but the
fundamental work of Father Hecker re
mains intact, and the Pope's letter recog
nizes its legitimacy as far as the Paulist
fathers are concerned."
"Then you do not think that the Paul
ist fathers were condemned "
"It does not become me to judge. I
limit myself to reading and meditating
on what the Holy Father has written.
If there are persons who prefer to unite
in a society without binding themselves
by vows there is no obstacle in the way
of their following their vocation, for this
manner of living is not new in the tra
ditions of the church and is not repre
hensible. Only they must refrain from
placing this conception of community life
in antagonism to other religious orders.
That is what the Holy Father has writ
ten You see, therefore, that the Paulist
fathers may live and prosper with the
approbation of the church and the Holy
Father."
"But they may not assume a position
antagonistic to religious orders?"
"YOU have put your linger on the knot
of the controversy. Those who in Amer
set out to exaggerate the tendencies
of ll.ckerism before letting it be judged
in Europe and those who from this side
of the Atlantic regard it with European
prejudice said: •Americanists combat our
religious orders, which they consider as
the creation of the middle ages. They re
proach monastic vows with suppressing
Individuality ana consequently they at
tempi to destroy what Europe considers
an essentially religious institution. Con
•ntly they are heretics.'
"But this reasoning is founded on false
promises. In the l.nited States there ex
isLs nothing descended from the middle
ages! What, therefore, is the good of
thinking of destroying what does not ex
ist The product of that soil is exclu
sively indigenous and contemporary;
everything springs forth spontaneously
from the customs and spirit o. the age
and tends to form instiUK.ons appropri
ate to the people and to our time, ana not
to overthrow what has never taken root
""The conclusion is plain. The letter of
the Holy Father reproves those who deny
the good and legitimacy of European re
ligious orders, and Americans have no
kind of reason to feel under the ban of
SULLIVAN NOT ASKED
TO ACT AS REFEREE
LOS ANGELES, March 27.-John L.
Sullivan arrived at the Hollenbeck Hotel
last night accompanied by his thirst.
Strict orders were given by the manager
of the aggregation of which John L. and
Jake Kilrain are stars that no drinks
should he sent to the ex-champion. That
displeased John. He sent a bellboy to the
bar with instructions to get a bottle of
whisky. The boy returned and announced
laconically:
"Can't do nothing for you. John.
"Well, that's lightning," said Sullivan;
"but I don't blame you, kid," he added.
Contrary to expectations the big Bos
tonian accepted his fate meekly and went
"^n^ler Vas°asked to referee the Me
Coy-Choynski fight." said Sullivan to-day
■It was dead wrong to say I was. People
get sore when you job them like that. I
was in Ventura that night and never had
any idea of being referee.
J. WALDERE KIRK AND
"BARONESS" BLANC
NEW YORK. March 27.-The Heralds
Chicago correspondent telegraphs: When
I called to see "Baroness" Blanc at the
Hotel Lancaster to- ask about the report
of her marriage to J. Waldere K rk he
| latter appeared. The "Baroness could
I Kirk S when I asked him about the re
ported'marriage, said: "I won't say any
! thing about it. because there is no use.
I n-Ktrf-i nothing for me to say one way
!o r Xn'h'r!"r.'l you are, at liberty to
draw your own conclusions.
The '-Baroness" has been at the Hotel
lancnsur about throe wor-ks Previous
tV. thit -hf was with friends at 2811 Calu
met avenue. One wock ago last night she
1, a short p season at the Adelph
Theater here with her -play. "The Girl
From Chile," and has not been out with it
sine? On Thursday night next she will
nlav a benefit. Up to three or four days
: £go y Kirk was' a g^est at the Auditorium
annex. He is now a guest at the Lan-
I caster. .
CRACKER TRUST NOW
IN WORKING ORDER
T.OS ANGELES, March 27.— The sale of
the Southprn California Cracker Company
and Bishop & Co.'s plant to the Syracuse
syndicate is about completed. Robert
Shaw and Counsel Ide left for the East
after having received instructions from
tholr superiors, including M. Dlehl, the
New York capitalist, who is on his way
to this coast, to permit the acquired con
cerns to run until tho terms of the con
tract are complied with. Bishop & Co.'
have received orders to close their
cracker plant on April 1, after which
Southern California. Arizona and Now
Mexico will be supplied by the Southern
C;ilif<>rnia Cracker Company. The asser
tion is made that the new company would
be capitalized for $fi.000.000, of which $3.
--000 000 Is to be preferred stock and the re
mainder common stock and also that JoO.
--000 has already been subscribed by local
capitalists, one bankor taking $10,000.
SAVED FROM DEATH
BY BEING ARRESTED
SAN JOSK, March 27.— The timely ar
rest of F. A. Hanscom, alias C. A. Smith,
prevented the latter occupying a slab in
the morgue to-night. Ho attacked a 12
--year-old girl at Hester School this after
noon. The principal discovered him and
chased him away, notifying the Sheriff's
office. When C. H. Coles, the father of
the girl, heard of the crime after he got
home from work, he armed himself with
a shotgun and started out to kill Hans
com. Deputy Sheriff Black ran across
the wretch Just as the irate parent was
THE POPE PLEASED
BY THE LETTER OF
NEW YORK BISHOPS
NEW YORK, March 27.— There was issued an official statement in
regard to the letter sent on March 10 last by the Roman Catholic
Bishops of the province of New York to the Pope, expressing their
gratitude for the letter the Pope sentfto this country regarding what
is called "Americanism." In the letter the Bishops said:
"The Bishops receive and accept such letter, word for word, sen
tence for sentence, and in the sense intended by the holy father, which
is no other than the sense of the universal church of all ages. Hence
forth we will regard these questions as settled. Thanks to his Holiness,
the hybrid theories to which the name of Americanism nas been given
died almost at their birth.
"This misconception being removed, the true Americanism is. for us
the subject of pride and glory. "We glory in it because our nation is
great in its institutions, in its enterprises, in its development, in its
untiring energy; but when we come to speak of religion, of dogma, of
discipline, of Christian morality and perfection we take equal pride in
being faithful followers of the Holy See."
The letter concluded with the wish that his Holiness may be spared
for many years to see with his own eyes the happy results of his
watchful care and apostolic benevolence.
By direction of the holy father. Cardinal Rampolla, Secretary of
State, has written to Archbishop Corrigan, under date of March 14, to
acknowledge the receipt of the dutiful address which the Paulist Fath
ers forwarded to Rome on February 28, through his hands, and to ex
press the special pleasure and satisfaction which this document has
afforded his Holiness.
this reproof. They have Paullst Fathers.
Now on this point the Holy Father lo-
I cutus est. They form a religious society
I without the obligation of vows and the
chief of the church has said to them that
they are not to be reproved for that."
"It seems to me. however, that all these
considerations belong to the question of
active or passive virtues."
"Precisely. Now, if there exists in the
United States a religious order which
does not exact from its members vows
Imposing the practice of passive virtues
and the obedience usque ad mortem
wisely recalled in the letter of the Su
preme Pontiff, it does not follow that we
should deny the sacredness of passive
virtues and" supernatural virtues.
"Yet has not the Holy Father written
that he disapproves so-called American
is»n?"
--That is a side of the question we have
not yet touched upon. Up to the present
we have spoken only of Heckerism.
i 'Americanism' is another thing alto
' gether The Pope has condemned cer
tain theories, which In Europe pass
under the name of American Catholicism,
but these theories are not those which the
\merican Bishops profess. True Ameri
canism has for its cornerstone that same
truth which Leo XIII indicated as being
the foundation of the churchy I follow
only Jesus Christ and am bound in fellow
ship to your Holiness-that is to say to
the chair of St. Peter. Upon this rock I
have built the church and whoso gather
! eth not with you scattereth.
"American Catholics have diametncally
opposed other Catholics who wished to
create in America a different church from
that which embraces all countries, and
when German-Americans tried to na
tionalize the administration and to take
from the church of the I mted States its
character of universality, C ardinal Gib
bons Monsignor Ireland and Monsig#or
Keane opposed this attempt in order to
preserve the unity of the Catholic church
in the United States in conformity with
the instructions of the Holy Father.
"This concerns, if I am not mistaken,
the nationality, while the judgments pro
nounce.! by Leo XIII on 'Americanism
concern the doctrine."
"Even from that point of view the Holy
Father has declared himself with wisdom
as lofty as it Is impartial. I advise you
to read again the declaration which Mon
signor Keane made on this subject In a
recent interview: 'Truth is one and un
changeable, while temperaments, cus
toms, places and spirit of times vary.
Mayor Mason of
Portland Is Dead
PORTLAND, Or.. March 27.— Mayor
W. S. Mason died this morning. He was
twice elected to the Mayoralty. His
first term began in 1891, when Port
land, East Portland aond Albina were
consolidated into one municipality. He
served three years. He was re-elected
Mayor last June, his personal popular
ity and integrity giving him a large
majority over the three opposition can
didates combined. Mr. Mason was pres
ident of the Chamber of Commerce for
a number of years. He organized and
was president of the Portland National
Bank, which met disaster in 1893. Mr.
Mason put up over $100,000 of his pri
vate fortune and saved depositors from
loss.
Services over the body of Mayor Ma
son will be held in this city to-morrow
at the First Presbyterian Church, and
immediately afterward the body will be
taken on board the steamer Columbia
for San Francisco. The Columbia prob
ably will arrive in San Francisco on
Friday morning
Mayor Mason was a member of Gold
en Gate Commandery, Knights Tem
plar, and it is by his oxpress wish that
this organization will take charge of his
funeral, in San Francisco. The body
will be interred in Masonic Cemetery,
San Francisco, beside his two sisters.
W. S. Mason came to San Francisco
in 1876 from Illinois, where he had been
connected with th<^ freierht department
<>f the Illinois Central Railroad. Soon
after his arrival he made the ac
quaintance of Peter Donahue, and Mr.
Donahue at once became strongly at
tached to him. He gave him the posi
tion of general freight agent nf the old
San Francisco and North Pacific fiail
way. Later the Omnibus Road was
about to find him. and thus prevented
bloodshed.
Hanscom Is an all-round crook, and
there are two charges of forgery against
him, he having passed a number of
worthless checks on merchants.
DEPOSITORS WILL BACK
THE COMMERCIAL BANK
Pledged Their Support to the Extent
of $250,000 Yesterday.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. March 27.— A meet
ing of the stockholders, depositors anrt
customers of the closed Commercial Bank
was held here to-day, the object being
to talk over the situation and if possible
arrive at some conclusion "toward reopen
ing the concern. About 200 were present.
The president of the bank, McD. R. Vena
ble, made a speech, explaining that per
mission had been secured from the Rank
Commissioners to resume business and all
that was needed was tlfe assistance ot
the depositors, who were invited to come
forward and sign an agreement to the
effect that for the next ten months they
would only withdraw their deposits at
the rate of 10 per cent of such deposit
each month, thereby giving the bank an
opportunity to fully recover.
Henry Brunner of San Francisco, a
large stockholder In the bank, follower
"Well read the Pope's letter. It says
textually: Discipline of life does not ex
clude temperaments suggested by diver
sity of time and place, and the Holy
Apostolic See is ever inclined to modify
discipline so well that without injuring
divine right he never neglected to take
into account customs and exigencies
which result from immense diversity of
peoples subject to this discipline."
"American Catholics, therefore, only
apply principles, which have constantly
prompted the conduct of the Holy See.''
"If I have a good memory Monsignor
Keane said, that American Catholics do
not fear the spirit of the age, the ten
dencies of which, on the contrary, they
are disposed to favor."
"That is true. Now read once more
the pontifical letter: 'It is far from our
intention to repudiate the fruit of genius
of our age, for, on the contrary, we see
with pleasure truths acquired by study
and all sound fruits of sound activity
add to the patrimony of science and
widen the horizon of human toil.'
"The Pope thus recognizes the legiti
macy of the most determined and m»st
fruitful principle of Americanism, and
American Catholics may be proud at
finding that, on this point, their con
sciences are in perfect harmony with the
doctrines proclaimed by their infallible
chief."
"But the words which you have just
quoted do not relate to preaching, which
in America they wish to do freely, even
outside the churches."
"Even on this point we are not out of
harmony with pontifical precepts. Leo
XIII wrote Cardinal Gibbons that with
the approval of the Hierarchy religious
propaganda may be conducted elsewhere
than In churches."
"You, therefore, find it logical that M™r.
Ireland addressed to the Pope his letter
of submission."
"Whatever was the judgment of the
Ho!;- Father, the duty of every good
Catholic was to bow before the word of
truth, but the discharra of this duty must
have been ail th«- more easy to M.er. Ire
land, as the truths proclaimed by the
supreme pontiff are in entire conformity
with those which American Catholics
have always practiced."
"You consider, in brief, that American
ism has not been condemned."
"The only condemnations have been er
rors which certain fanatics had put in
circulation under the name of American
ism. They had forced the phantom of
heresy. The Pope swept away the phan
tom and has made the truth shine."
started and Mr. Mason undertook the
extra burden of superintendent of that
line, &long with his other duties. This
class of -work was altogether new to
him, but being a thorough railroad man
he soon picked up enough about the
business to make him a successful
manager. In 18S2, finding his duties
rather arduous, he resigned his position
in this city to go into business in Port
land. His work on the railroads was
greatly appreciated by Mr. Donahue,
who always spoke of him as the best
railroad man In the country.
and assured the depositors that If they
would agree to the above conditions suf
ficient money would be provided to re
open the bank.
Nearly every depositor present then
signed the agreement. The shareholders
later held a private meeting and decided
to open the concern some time next week.
Deposits to the amount of $250, i)00 wer*
signed for to-dny. There was every evi
dence of good feeling at the meeting and
when the bank opens it will receive the
heartiest support.
AN ENCOUNTER IMMINENT.
LIMA, Peru, March 27.— Advices from
Bolivia say that an encounter is Imminent
between the Government troops under
President Alonzo and the Federalists, or
insurgents. The fighting will probably
take place between Oruro. where the
Government reserves are stationed, and
Coracolla* about sixty miles northwest of
Oruro.
Antarctic Explorations.
LONDON, March 27.— Llewelyn Long
staff. a member of the Royal Geo
graphical Society, has contributed £26,006
toward the fund being raised by the Brit
ish Association and the Royal Society for
the British Antartic Expedition, which
■will co-operate with the German Antartic
expedition in exploration next year,
though each will take a different route.
MR. SWIFT SAYS
GENERAL EAGAN
WAS MISTAKEN
Controversy Between Beef Con
tractor and Commissary as
to the Meat Supplied.
WASHINGTON, March 27.— The Mil
itary Court of Inquiry appointed by the
President to make an investigation of
the b.^ef furnished the army during the
Spanish war has returned to Washing
ton, and at 2 o'clock to-day resumed
its sittings here. The members of the
commission are hopeful that they will
be able to conclude their work within
the next ten days, and expect to have
some important witnesses before them
in that time, including General Eagan,
who will be recalled. It is also ex
pected that General Miles will be given
an opportunity to testify.
E C Swift, vice president of the Swift
Packing Company, was the first witness
who appeared. He is a resident of Low
ell, Mass., and gives especial attention to
' the Eastern interests of his company. He
I assisted in preparing the contract for
supplying beef for Cuba during the war,
I coming to Washington for that purpose
first on June 23. Mr. Swift said he start
ed to Washington in response to a re-
I quest from General Eagan when .it ap
peared that his firm had made the lowest
bid The conversation with General Eagan
on this occasion was somewhat general,
relating to the conduct of business. He
was here only a day and was told before
| he left that the contract would be award
ed to his firm. General Eagan had, how-
I ever stated at that time that he could
1 not go into details with him until he could
! make some necessary investigation as to
I suitable ships. Mr. Swift made his second
' visit to Washington on the 29th of June,
1 when the contract was submitted to him.
i He had then made some objections to the
i terms of agreement as presented to him.
S One of these objections was to the terms
: which he thought might require the beef
; company to deliver beef by lighter, he
complaining that the company could not
; reasonably be expected to deliver at only
such points as had railroad tracks along
i side the wharves. It was also understood
: that beef was to be supplied only to the
i port towns, the inland points to be fur
j nished with beef killed in the country.
They were to keep on hand a sufficient
; supply for seventy hours' consumption.
this time to be extended twenty-four
hours under special exactions. Shore re
frigeration was contemplated in all the
: conversation and with this understanding
that this was to be had the company had
, agreed that the quality of the beef should
,be maintained for three days and nights.
In response to a question from Major
' Lee, Mr. Swift stated that General Eagan
Bad during the interview with him men
tioned that he had received some BUg
j gestion of a process for preserving- meat,
but General Eagan did not g> Into de
tails, giving no names of the inventor nor
of the process.
Maior Lee then stated that General
I Eagan had said in his testimony before
! the board that the company had guar
anteed that the beef should be kept good
for seventy hours after leaving the re
FLOOD WATERS
ARE RECEDING
No Danger Along the
Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CUtLUSA. March 27.— The Sacramento
River is falling slowly. The lowlands
on the east side of the river are flood
ed. There will be no damage to crops,
as the water will recede soon. At 9
o'clock last night the fire bell rang for
a break in the levee. The citizens an
swered the alarm immediately. The
break was found to be at the water
works. The engine and pump room was
flooded. The water rushed through
with terrific velocity. It entered the
residence of Mrs. A. Bond, and through
an alley found its way into the street.
The men piled sacks into the break
and stopped it. If the break had oc
curred one hour later the water works
would have been ruined.
WOODLAND, March 27.— A telephone
message from Knights Landing this
morning reports that the Sacramento
River is 16 feet 2 inches at that point
and slowly falling. There is no further
danger of overflow. Land owners are
confident there is not more than half
as much water on reclamation district
No. 108 now as there was after the
freshet last January. A full supply of
fuel was received on Sunday and the
pump was started Sunday afternoon.
The basin will be entirely free from
flood water in a few days. "Doc"
Boyer, who is farming extensively on
Grand Island, is in this city. He is
confident that all danger is past and
that the area of grain which will be
destroyed by flood water will be com
paratively small. He expects the tule
lands will yield big crops this season.
From Knights Landing down the only
crevasse on the west bank of the river
is what is known as the Woods break.
That is above the mouth of Feather
River, and consequently, before the
meeting of the last Legislature, was
not within the jurisdiction <>f the de
partment of public works. Every pos
sible effort was made to induce, the
land owners to dose the break. Most
of them were willing to do so and mm
who "Have no land on the river bank,
offered to subscribe liberally. Some of
those who would have reaped the most
benefit from such work refused to give
anything and the project was necessar
ily abandoned.
A large volume of water is now run
ning out of the Woods break and as a
result a great deal of excellent farm
ing land in that vicinity will be ren
dered prctieally useless for this sea
son. Any one of the principal land
owners will lose more than it would
have cost to fill in the break and con
struct a levee. This flood water will
encroach on considerable pasture land
northeast of Woodland. The general
opinion is that it will not seriously in
terfere with farming operations on the
strip of land along the river, or the
Swingle or Martin farms near Swingle
Station. Neither will it reach Solan"
County in sufficient volume to do seri
ous damage.
THE THISTLE NOT LOST.
Missing Sloop Seen at Anchor in a
Northern Harbor.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 27.— There
seems a strong likelihood that after all
the Ford-Thames party of nine reported
lost with the sloop Thistle between Alert
Bay and Hornby [aland is safe. A ser
geant of the provincial police saw Ford's
sloop at North End Island on March 9,
Ford having gone north to pilot some
vermeil i The party was awaiting his re
turn. This would mean that tiny were
In safety long after the time mentioned
as the probable date of their loss.
Fletcher, who brought the news of the
loss, came from .Hornby Island, and
would therefore not know anything about
the delay occasioned by Ford going far
ther north than Alert Bay.
frigerator and either on shipboard or on
shore.
"1 can only say," responded Swift,
"that General Eagan at the time of the
interview seemed to have the same un
derstanding of the contract that I had.
in view of his testimony I can only say
that he was mistaken."
.Major Lee asked; "Then the insertion,
Of the clause limiting to twenty-four
hours the time for fresh beef after" being
taken out of the refrigerator was not a
clerical error, as suggested by the gen
eral?"
'That cannot be so. Ho said his agents
would tukr- care to preserve the meat
from the sun. and I assured him that if
this were done the meat would be good
for twenty-four hours after being taken
from the refrigerator."
Swift continued by saying that refrig
i beef in a torrid country would
keep good longer than an ordinary person
would think it good, on account of the
outside appearance. As a consequence of
his representations, the first draft of the
contract had been changed by General
Eagan in several particulars.
Swift said in reply to a question that
tfte dressed beef export business was
growing rapidly at the expense of the ex
portation of live cattle. There was. ho
said, a super-demand abroad for refrig
erated beef, and in London this beef waa
supplied to the best trade.
Charles E. Barry, traveling salesman
for Swift & Co.. followed Swift. He testi
fied to his participation in the negotia
tions with General Eagan to secure the
army contract, saying he had met the
genera] several times on rhis subject, the
first meeting being in May of last year
before the issuance of the' advertisement
for bids. He also understood that the
seventy-two hour clause applied only to
the time that the beef was to be kept in
the refrigerators on shore. There was
an especial understanding with General
Eagan as to the twenty-four hour clause,
limiting the time which the beef could be
kept our of the refrigerator, he agreeing
that it should be kept considerably under
cover.
Barry related that on one day when he
was in General Easran's office, prior to the
letting of the contract, the later com
plained of the number of people who were
writing letters to him concerning the
"processing" of beef. The general had
then handed him a letter from a Mr.
Powell of New York, who claimed to have
a process for prf serving meat, saying he
had shipped beef prepared under it to
points in the Southern States.
"li struck me." said Barry, "from Gen
eral Kazan's behavior that he was dis
gusted -At the thought. He said he wai
depending upon the refrigerator beef and
would only deal with those who could
furnish it."
After hearing Barry, the court at 5:30
o'clock held a brief executive session and
then adjourned until to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CjUj The woman Ujl) .-^ •
l£^Jtw I fib I who truly loves yjf^J, •
ri^Jrlj her J husband <§\Vf?jJ
/L^^viLfi watchful eye on Iw^W
/ I A/ '"JS his health. She §|JSS? .
N-r-"\M\ it. will remember
7\A^\ 7i',/ that if his health @f#
1 1 \JKais neglected, any &&
Pi W -telephone call //7i
I ¥ from the office If II
I\\ \ may be a message U. Vl •
\\ A that he as been nw
\\ t\ stricken by death. N\. jlj
\ \ 7 \ The average man \J"
A \ \.J does not feel that _^^f
'-A V-^ he has time to fool
away about trifling:
indispositions. He is too busy making
money. He says he leaves sickness to the
women folks.
That is the way men commit suicide—
tens of thousands of them. A woman can (
stand between this danger and her husband:'
if she will. A little watchfulness — a sug-
gestion now and then and a little of a good
general remedy always at hand may save
her husband's life. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery is a remarkable remedy
for hard working; men and women. In a
certain sense, it is a cure-all, for the reason
that it goes down to bed-rock and cures the
disorders that are responsible for the ma-
jority of serious illnesses. It strengthens
the stomach, and makes the appetite keen
and hearty. It invigorates the liver. It
aids the natural processes of secretion and
excretion. It makes the assimilation of
the food perfect. It purifies the blood
and fills it with the life-giving elements
that build new and healthy flesh tissue. It
tones the nerves. It is the great blood-
maker and flesh-builder. It cures 93 per
cent, of all cases of laryngial, bronchial,
throat and kindred affections, which, if
neglected, lead up to consumption. It is
also an unfailing remedy for all nervous
disorders. -An honest dealer will not urge
a substitute.
" Last winter I took sick with what the doctor*
called la grippe." writes Mrs. Sarah Farley,' of
Fairfax, Atchison Co., Mo. " Was sick for about
four months and nothing that I took seemed to
do me any good. My friends thought I had con-
sumption. I coughed up blood for a long while,
and nearly gave up all hope of ever getting well. .
I heard of Dr. Pierre's Golden Medical Discovery
and thought I would try it. I had not finished
the first bottle when I began to get better. I
have taken two bottles of the ' Golden Medical
Discovery ' and one of the ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion ' and feel better than ever before in my life."
tFINE TAILORING
FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF '
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIM
Ail Wool Suits to &JO {a <tQC
Order from 4>IZ <4>uO
Pants from . . . $4 to $1 0
20 1 and 203 Montgomery St.,
' 1 11 Oand 1112 Market St., S.F.
4-85 »4th street. Oakland, Cal.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO XOT DESPAIR ! Do not Sur-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Nervous Debility arc
absolutely cured by PKKFECTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the wast*
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every funo-
tlon Brace up the system. Give j^m^ bloom to tn?-
cheeks and lustre to the eye* of £~f t\yo\ing or oUt,
One 50c box renews vital enersry.piflc boxes at
■J.&Oacompleteuuarantr edcureTaTjtTor money re-
funded. Can be carried in vent '•*' r pocket. Sold
everywhere. mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THE rKKFECTO CO.. . Caxton Bldj., rhleigo. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and Oailaoi. /
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <»r.«t
*J|q Museum of Anatomy
IMI IQSmSZKST.IBi.6thA:t!i,
O % * Tht Largtst of iti kind la the World.
JeM \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
kit**'!? 0L CoD.uUatlon free. Writ* for lk>«*
I of Marriage.
IKIiiDR. BALL'S REINVIGOBATOR
WjPSjjsS Five hundred reward, for any
Br"* "^B case we cannot cure. This secret
SDR. HALL'S REIN losses 'In 24
Five hundred reward, for any
case we cannot cure. This secret
remedy stops all losses In 24
mg <ggf hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
ll»F HIT tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
ijfcfi *j* Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
rJS? 1 .&%■ Manhood anil all wasting effects
Efiafl-i': VJjj of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $0: guaranteed to
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI-
TUTE 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for
sale at 107JH Market St., S. F. All private dis-
ease, quickly cured. Send for fre« book.
34
SUPERVISORS DECLINE
TO REDUCE GAS RATES
SEVEN MEM VOTE
FOB THE COMPANY
Competition Barred at
Every Point.
TO ABATE PESTHOUSE HORROR
JOINT COMMITTEE TO VISIT THE
PLACE AT ONCE.
Thorough Examination to Be Made
and Necessary Improvements
Started Immedi
ately.
The Supervisors have decided to pay
the bills presented by the San Francisco
id Electric Light Company without
lag the amounts claimed.' They also
. .1 to continue t<> pay at the former
rate until such time as a new contract
may be made either with the company
now supplying gas or with an opposition
company.
Out of a mass of proposed legislation
having for its purpose the supplying of
gas to the city and to the general con
sumer at a lower rate than is charged at
v portion of a resolution
that passed unscathed. was the following:
That new specifications be prepared tor
lighting the cits I ■• public
.::ij;s with - trie light, which
will adin.- :l am l that new pro-
Is be Invited in accordance with the
. .-:u cf the court and a new contra -i
let.
This is a victory for the consumers, but
it is claimed it slipped through uninten
tionally and will be the subject of an
other struggle when the minutes are read
On Monday next Throughout the long
discussion of the gas question the vote
on ail questions stood seven to five. In
the first division were Supervisors Hol
land, Kalben, Black, Phelps. Collins, At
tridge and Aigeltinger. The five who
snood for lower rates and an open com
petition were Supervisors Perrault, Lack
mann. Byington, Heyer and Deasy.
The discussion of the gas question was
precipitated by Dr. Perrault, who moved
on of his minority resolut.
the effect that the price of gas to general
consumer.- • ■ $135 per 1000 feet for
a term of rive years. Supervisor Collins
then presented the majority report of the
ice Committee on the gas question.
In this the minority report was attacked
and the claim was made, that its Undines
were based on false premises. It holds
that the price charged for lighting is nu
higher, when the difference in conditions
is considered, than the price charged In
other cities. In keeping with the report
the following resolutions were present..!
and adopted:
Whereas the so-called contracts entered
Into by and between the city ami
.md the San Pr
Grs and Electric Company and th>
lias Improvement Company are said to be
Invalid and not binding upon the city and
county by the Hon. J. M. Seaw.ell, Judge
of the Superior Court, Department No. 1.
in a decision filed December 31, 1898: unJ
whereas, the question as t'j the vulldity of
said so-called contracts should be
upon by the Supreme Omrt of this t-ta:*>
prior to any action being taken I
board; and whereas, the said ' companies
have bu and electric light' for
Ihe purposes heretofore set forth and their
demands for said services so rendered have
remained and are unpaid, notwithstanding
th« tftct that the appropriation made there-
BUfflclent to m.'L-t the expenditures
due and to become due for the service ren
and whereas, the recognition of the
principle of establishing a lower rate tha,n
ipon as a r-a.- nable and Juat com
pen.^ati . ervicee Is Inimical to the
interests and welfare of the laborers and
mechanics employed by said corporal
the conduct and operation of their plants:
and whereas, an unwarranted reduction of
compensation for these services will cer
tainly lead to a reduction of wages and
compensation to employes; and when
this Insidious means Is effected a gradual
and sure reduction of th.- amounts paid to
-kf rs whereby they will be ■":
Of that lompencation now paid, bo es=?-*ntial
to affording them the necessary conveni
ences and comforts of life, as well as
k' them to accumulate a little of
their savings for th^ir future comrort and
ince: and whereas, the revolutionary
proceedings of taking advantage of the
•power claimed to be vested in this board
would ultimately lead to a reduction of
wages paid, as the compensation would
thereby he established as a standard of
nut's to be paid by other corporations and
rs who have no object except to
produce and manufacture at the lowest
• ■:■ which labor can be obtained,
which would eventually be to the detri
ment of the community; therefore
red, That after a full and fair con
sideration of the demands presented by the
San Francisco Gas and Electric t'onipany
and the Pacific Gas Improvement Company
!t is the duty of, and the board hereby
• will approve, allow and order
paid the amounts due at the- rates not ex
ceeding the amounts specified In, without
reference to, the contracts an a juit and
reasonable « mpensatlon due said com
panies, respectively for the service per
formed in lighting the streets and public
building;?.
\ erl. That the action indicated wjll
be taken in the cas<* of all demands present
ed by said companies, or either of them,
until the question is determined by the
Supreme Court as to whether or not said
ts are valid and binding upon the
city.
The debate upon this resolution was a
long and an animated one. Supervisor
liyington rear! extracts from the platform
upon which he said the majority of th«
Supervisors were elected. Chief among
these was the pledge to reduce the price
of gas to a reasonable rate. He directed
his questions at Supervisor Collins, who
dodged them, saying he did not know if
they were in the platform he had signed;
he could not remember. Mr. Collins said
he took the stand that it was not proper
to act on decisions of the Superior Court
in the gas cases, but that the board
should wait until the highest tribunal had
handed down a decision.
Supervisor Deasy thought the gas com-
TOtur was allowed too large a. margin of
profit. President Crockett of the com
pany, he said, had acknowledged that the
gmf cost only 50 cents per thousand feet
to manufacture and 50 cents to deliver to
consumers. At $1 75 per thousand feet,
___' ADVERTISEMENTS. *
Rheumatism.
Igm3 My Electric Belt has cured 2000 cases of It during the
j|||l past year. Are you afflicted? If so, try this remedy,
re 1^ which has proven its power. It cures, and cures for good.
fp|||||||p^ It will stop your pain in a few hours.
"Your Belt cured me of Rhaumatism In three weeks last
llPfeilPlil fall, and I have not had a touch of it since," writes Frank
Wj&ti^P Kelly, Piedmont avenue, Oakland, March 6, 1899. ■
mMM Don suffer any more. Call and see this Belt and test
aasaaasm its power, or let me send you my book about it, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S.F. „ SEND FOR MY BOOH,
Or 2MH South Broadway. Los Angeles. THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
Office' hours— S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays, IT 18 MAILED FREE
10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
I the present rate, too large a margin of ;
! profit was allowed.
Mr. Bylngton called attention to the]
-weakness of Mr. Collins' . argument by!
: Baying that no matter what decision the ;
! Supreme Court might render it could not ,
compel the city to pay more for its gas !
than it was now doing. lie said the !
board, acting for the people, should re
duce the price of the illuminant. All the
urging had no effect, tho majority report,
maintaining .the present price of gas, be
ing adopted. Supervisor Deasy changed
his vote from no to aye and will move for
a reconsideration of tho matter at the i
next meeting. i
Supervisor Perrault endeavored to have i
a new resolution fixing the price of gas j
at ?1 35 per thousand adopted, but the
majority defeated it on the ground that
they did not want to vote on it while I
there was any litigation regarding it
pending. The matter was finally post
poned until Gas Inspector Tupper can
I make a report. This will be presented at
the next meeting.. '■
The Building Committee reported ad
versely on the offer of the Mutual Elec
tric Light Company to furnish incan
descent light to the city 40 per cent cheap- \
er than the price now being paid for the
same service. The committee held that
no action should be taken until the Su
preme Court has passed on the validity or
the present contract. , *
The report says the matter of a munici
pal lighting plant, as presented by Civil
Engineer A. M. Hunt, will solve the prob
lem. This will remedy the present dim- ;
culties if inaugurated by the city.
The committee recommends the. board to ;
advertise for proposals for the building
of a police station and furnishing the ;
Hall of Justice so soon as modified plans ;
are received from Architect Shea.
A discussion as to the underground ■
wires in the tire limits and the granting i
of all light companies the right to erect
poles outside those limits ended the con
sideration of the lighting question. Both i
propositions were referred to the Street ;
Committee. Dr. Perrault. who introduced I
the resolutions, explained that he wanted
to place the Mutual Electric Light Com
pany on a competitive basis, so that there
would be a chance for competition when
the next contract for lighting is let. The
resolutions would permit all companies to ,
lay wires. Unless this Is done. Supervisor
Lackmann explained. It would be. a farce
to advertise for bids for lighting.
The members of the board would not
accept the proffered resignation of Dr.
Perrault as chairman of the Finance
Committee. He pressed the matter, but
the board declined to consider it, appre
ciating his usefulness to the city on tna^
committee. He was highly complimented
for his efficient services.
The deplorable condition of the Pest
house was called to the attention of the
board by Dr. Perrault. As the members
had already read in The Call of the un
necessary suffering of the unfortunate in
mates but little time was wasted in dis
cussion. It was determined that the j
members of the Building Committee and
also the Hospital Committee would visit
the place and determine what repairs are
required. A report will be presented at
the next ting of the board, at which
time steps will be taken to relieve the
suffering inmates of the city's Pesthouse ,
The members of the board pledged |
themselves to provide in the next tax levy ,
for a new City and County Hospital, iso
amount was stated. ■■'-__ -■• ;_ '^ '- n .
The matter of the repair of Bush street, j
rendered necessary by the removal of un
used streetcar tracks, went over one
week This is to permit of an estimate
being made of the cost of repairs.
The matter of providing extra men at
Fourth street drawbridge was again re
ferred to the Street Committee. There
was a difference of opinion as to the cost
of the work. A contractor offered to do it
for one-half the amount the city would
have to pay under the new order of
1 John I Nolan was appointed caretaker
if the insane, vice E. Fischthaler, re-
The following patrol drivers were ap
following patrol drivers were ap- |
pointed to take charge of new wagons
placed in the service: Charles Daly, John
Quarrels, Harry O. Irwin and James A.
Morgan. 
* The City and County Attorney was di
rected to furnish his opinion as to wheth
er A C Platt. the expert of the Commit
tee on Assessments of the Supervisors, >
can secure from the Treasury Depart
ment information for use against the spe
cial taxpayers of the United States.
The Board of Fire Commissioners was i
requested to loan one of its old engines to j
the property owners and residents offlßu- i
tro Heights until such time as permanent !
•ire protection can be established.
A. M. Hunt, the civil engineer who pre
pared the report on the cost of a munici
pal lighting plant, was paid $500 for his
work, in keeping with an agreement he i
entered into with Mayor Phelan.
The directors of [ngleside Coursing Park
presented the following petition:
SAN FRANCISCO, March 23, 1«!99.
To the Honorable Hoard of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco
Gentlemen: We, the undersigned, directors
of the Ingleside Coursing Association, re
spectfully petition your honorable body for .
a modification of the ordinance No. 174, sec
ond series, as hereto attached, recently
passed by your honorable body, so as to al
low the sale of commission pools upon .
coursing contests as heretofore conducted
by the Ingleside Coursing Club at Ingle- ■
side Coursing Park. Respectfully yours,
DOMINICK SHANNON, H. A. DECKEL
MAN, DAVID DILLON. WILLIAM HAL- 1
PIN and CHARLES C. MORRIS.
The St. Mary's Square Association pre
sented a petition asking an allowance of
$125,000 for preparing the ground which
has been condemned by the city for the
purposes of the park. The matter was
referred to the Finance Committee.
The following was received from the
North End Property Owners' Association:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco .
Gentlemen: This association hereby com
mends the -announced determination of the.
Board of Suoervisors to maintain and en-'
force the pledge assumed by Its members
that the municipal tax levy shall not ex
ceed one dollar on the hundred.
The. many attempts being made by alleged
Improvement clubs composed of storekeep
ers and real estate boomers to secure an
increase In the tax rate on real property.
which will not be paid by them. we hope will
not succeed. The taxes now collected are
sufficient tor all ordinary public uses, and
fully 000,000 could be saved by curtailing
some of the useless expenditures. The re
quests now before the board, for this pur
pose — the increase of the tax rate— should
be denied at once, and these schemes thus
disposed of peremptorily.
SOUTH END IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIA
TION, by .J. WKLBORNE, Secretary.
Petitions erred. ■
The following petitions were referred to com
mittees: Property owners, for the opening of
Twenty-seventh ?trer>t, from San Jose avenue
to Valencia street; James A. Ryan, to erect a
frame dwelling at 17 and 19 Laskle ntreet;
J.i::.. c A. McMahon, to withdraw bid for the
erection of an engine house on Bluxome street;
,T M. Marshall, for abatement of the nuisance
caused by a break in the Baker-street sewer;
James Feagin. for grading and sewrrinir Cha
pultepec street, between Eugenia and Vir
ginia avenue; also crossing of Chapultepen
street and Hu^enia avenue; Fllnn & Treacy, to
be released from their contract to construct
an artificial stone sidewalk on Devisadero
street, between Waller and Thirteenth; Eva
Tapper, to lay a wooden sidewalk In Codman
place: property owners, for the removal of ob-
MructlonF from Howth street, between Mount
Vernon and Ocean avenues; property owners,
for artificial stone sidewalks on Liberty street,
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1899.
between Dolores and Church, except where
plank walks are now laid; Mrs. K. Wolff, for
sixty days' time in which tp lay artificial stone
Bidewalk on the south side of O'Farrell street,
between Huchanan and Webster; property
owners, for ttie placing o? thror- electric lights
on Eighteenth avenue South, two electric lights
on Thirty-second avenue South ;in.i a sufficient
number on Railroad avenue, between Twenty
fourth avenue South and San jiruno avenue;
property owners, f.-.r extension of the pound
limits In the southern part of the city; Excel
sior Athletic Club, to hold a boxing exhibition
some evening in April: Mlsslpn Business Men' a
Association, for the repair of Valencia street;
Patrick Rellly, for the addition of sewering-,
curbing and rock gutterways to the proposed
improvement wort on Rhode Island street, be
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third: Ber
nard Pas. for a rehearinp of his petition for
the revocation of the permit granted Gray
Hros. to blast in the vicinity of Calhoun and
Union streets; City Street Improvement Com
pany to grade and macadamise Nineteenth
street, between 1 street and a point 500 feet
south ol W Btreet; Welsbach Lighting Com- j
+ for alteration of the specifications invit
ins jids for lighting by means of gas.
Protests Referred.
Protests v. pe i rred to the
Btreet Committee as follows: Property owners.
against laying of artificial stone sidewalk on
Masonic avenue, between Fell and Hayes
property owners, acalnst the laying
of artificial stone sidewalks on Hayes street,
between Masonic and Central avenues; prop
erty owners, against paving the crossing of
Sriuce and Clay streets.
Communications Received.
The following communications were received
and referred: John Gallagher, certifying that
he has no claim against Batoman Brothers or
the Hall of Justice for labnr performed. Fire
Commissioners, recommending that the Spring-
Valley Water Company- be directed to lay not
less than S-inch mains and set hydrants at
various points named therein. Fire Commis
sioners, recommending 1 that authority be given
to '.end and transfer to the Almshouse an old
engine with the necessary tools and apparatus.
Fire Commissioners, requesting authority to
transfer 2;">0 feet of old fire hose to the Street
Department. City and County Attorney I^ane,
annnmiclnc that the city had no power to ex
pressly request the Butter-street Railway Com
pany to corrugate stone blocks within Its
tracks on Butter street. Mayor Phelan, sub
mitting a blank copy of specifications- usually
used In Inviting bids for Welsbach lighting.
Pacific Surety Company, reporting upon the
result of an examination of the boiler at the
Almshouse. North End Property Owners' As
sociation, commending the announced determin
ation of the Board of Supervisors to keep with
in the dollar limit.
Resolutions Passed to Print.
The following resolutions were rassod to
| print: Sustaining the protest to the .construe-
THE LAUNCH AMY AS SHE WAS AND AS SHE IS.
THE Amy was raised from the bottom of the bay yesterday and placed on Peterson's barge by the tug
Alert. The hull shows the peculiar course the explosion took. The gasoline tank was forward of the
engine and the engine was a little forward of amidship. The deck was blown clean off. The bow of the
launch was split, but not otherwise damaged to any great extent. The engine escaped and the explosion
must have jumped clean over it and shattered the stern. The latter is all torn away, and the wonder is
that the boat floated for an instant after the accident. Looking at the recovered hull the mystery as to
how Captain Wilson escaped with a few burns is all the greater. The engines will be kept for future use
and the hull broken up.
tlon of the sewer at the crossing of Beetle and
Harrison streets; rejecting all bids for paving
Hickory avenue, between Gough and Oct&vla
streets; rejecting all bids for grading Nine
teenth avenue, and postponing such improve
ment until such time as provision can be made
for the extension of said avenue through the
lands of W. H. and George W. Green and the
Spring Valley Water Works; rescinding the
contract fur the Improvement of Leavenwortb
street, between Bay and North Point streets;
accepting deed to a right of way for a sewer
to provide drainage for the Bunnj-side district;
authorizing a contract with Edmond Kenny
for macadamizing the roadway of Ninth street,
from Brannan street to the Southern Pacific
tracks; dire ting that street work solicitors
licenses be issued to J. F. Lorenz, Frank \\ .
Hyland and William E. Cole; directing the City
Engineer to prepare plans and specifications tor
an outlet for the proposed sewer at the junc
tion of Charles and Arlington streets: direct
ing the Superintendent of Streets to order that
1 the contractors for the grading of Harrison
street between Army street and Procita ave
nue proceed to complete said work without
further delay; accepting the roadway of Bros
nan street, from Valencia to Guerrero; eetab
llshing grades at various points in Hanwood
alley.
Acceptance of Street Work.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the acceptance of street work, bitumen pave
ment, as follows: Capp street, from Twenty-,
first to Twenty-second; Market street, from
Church to Fifteenth.
Private Contracts Approved.
Resolutions approving private contracts for
street work were passed to print as follows:
Paving Angelica street, from Nineteenth to
its southerly termination with bituminous
rock, Union Paving and Contracting Company;
paving Thirteenth street, between Alpine and
Buena Vista avenues, with cobblestones, and
the construction of a sewer,' Santa Cruz Con
tracting Company; grading, macadamizing and
pewering Arlington street, between Charles and
Miguel, J. R. Hlanchard; paving the crossing
of Twenty-third and Alabama streets with
bituminous rock. City Street Improvement
Company.
Resolutions Finally Adopted.
Resolutions were finally adopted as follows:
Awarding the contract for. the construction of
■ an ironstone pipe sewer in Joost avenue, be
; tween Acadla street and Circular avenue, to
I Williams, Belser & Co.; establishing grades on
I Stanford Heights avenue,- ; Twenty-seventh
I street, Stanynn avenue, Twenty-eighth street.
'. Twin Peaks avenue and Valley street; reduc
i Ing the width of- sidewalks on Bennington
street, between Cortland . and East avenues,
from thirteen to ten feet; allowing T. Lubel
ski to erect and maintain electric sign on side-,
walk at 14 Fifth street; permitting Julius Vays
-1 sle to attach transparency to front of build
ing at 246 Third street; permitting the J. B.
Joyce Oil Company to use an Iron tank for the
storage of refined' petroleum at Seventh and
! King streets; allowing A. Feist to erect a tem
porary corrugated-iron shed at 330 Jessie street;
granting permission to G. B. Cuneo to erect
and maintain steam boiler at 3017 Twentieth
street; permitting Mrs. M. A. Meslck to alter
and repair premises at the northeast corner of
Kearny and Pine streets; allowing T. Llehten
6tein to alter and repair premises at 617 Wash
ington street; permitting George A. Moss to
alter and repair premises at 1210 Market street:
authorizing the payment of $1718 M to the City
Street Improvement Company for repairing
bituminous, rock streets in February.
Extensions of Time.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that extensions of time be granted contractors
as follows: To F. Head, ninety days on the
contract to pave Market street, between Valen
cia and Church streets; also ninety days on the
contract to pave Market street crossing iat
Church; to property owners, thirty days for
the pavement of Eighteenth street, between
Church and Sanchez.
Street Work Recommendations.
The Street Superintendent recommended that
the following street work be ordered: Gran
ite curbs and artificial stone sidewalks on De
Long avenue, trom Frederick street to thejter
mination of De Long avenue, with artificial
stone sidewalk at the southeast and southwest
corners of the crossing of De Long avenue and
Frederick street; granite curbs on Ivy avenue,
betwee-n Buchanan and Webster streets, and bi
tuminous rock pavement In the roadway; brick
sewer in Dupont street, between Bay and North
Point streets, and also sewers be constructed
at the intersection of Dupont and North Point
streets with a manhole in the center of the
crossing: artificial stone sidewalks on the east
side of Gough street, between McAllister and
Fulton streets; sewer with a manhole In Du
pont street, between North Point and Beach
streets; granite curbs and basalt Nock gutter
ways on Kearny, between Broadway and Val
lejo streets; with cobble pavement in the road
.way; plank sidewalks on the south side of
Francisco street, between Mason and Taylor
streets; plank sidewalks on Water street, be
tween Mason and Taylor streets: artificial
stone sidewalks on west side of Taylor street,
between Green and Union streets.
Eesolutions of Intention.
Resolutions of intention to order street work
were passed to print as follows: Sewer at the
or Ming of Arlington ami Miguel streets,
with cesspools and culverts: sewer in Ar
lington street, between Miguel and Mateo
streets; sewer in crossing of Arlington
and Mateo streets, with cesspools and culverts,
sewer in Arlington street, between Mateo and
Roanoke streets, also sewer In Arlington street.
between Roaooke and Natlck streets: sewer in
crossing of Arlington and Roanoke streets, with
cesspools and culverts; sewer in Twenty-sixth
street, between Bryant and York streets, also
sewer in York street, between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth streets: laying stone sidewalk on
south side of Union street, between Powell and
Mason streets; also, on south side of \ allejo
between Stockton and Powell: ■»■* ./"l,??™!
side of Vallejo, between Powell and Mason,
also, on Middle street, between Webster and
Fillninre; also, on O'Farrell. between Buohan
an and Webster; also, on Linden avenue be
tween Oetavia and Dough: grading, etc. .York
street, between Twenty-sixth and Army streets
with sewer in the came to connect with sewer
in Army street.
PLATT ON EXPANSION.
The Well-Known Attorney Lectures
Before the Forum Club.
A large audience gathered last night at
°°3 Sutter street to hear Horace G. Platt
deliver a lecture under the auspices of the
Forum Club. He took for his subject the
timely topic of "Expansion" and handled
it in a way to excite the interest of his
auditors.
"War with Spain," he said, ' came like
a midnight alarm of fire, and our men.
were quick to enlist in the service of their
c.ountrv. The flag of America now waves
where "the red and yellow flag once float
ed and mark* the deathbed of Spain. We
went into that war to put an end to man a
inhumanity to maji. Now that the.Amer
ican flag has been planted in the soil of
Cuba and the Philippines, which have
been made red with the blood of our sol
diers, it should never be lowered.
••Tlv result of the war has been the ac
quiring of new possessions by the United
States, and we mjust accept the responsi
bilities now placed upon us. It has been
called imperialism to favor territorial ex
pansion. If it be so our hand is at the
plow and we must furrow to the end. \Ve
must steer our bark by the star or dcs-
tiny. This now territory now belonging
to tho I'nited States will be governed an
CongTess dictates, and Congress alone
will solve the momentous problem."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. St. Clair of London Is at the Palace.
Sir Montagu Pollock of London is re-gis
a the Palace.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, Is at
the Palaoe with his wife.
H. S. Blood, a mine owner of Angels
Camp, is located at the Lick.
C. 11. Schibeley, an Oroville fruit
grower, is a guest at the Grand.
J. S. Annusen, who is at present con
structing a number of jetties in San Pe
dro harbor, is .staying at the Lick.
W. C. Cressey, a business man of San
Jose, Is at the California, accompanied
by bia wife.
Senator J. T. Laifd of Alturas and J.
B. Chirm, a Porterville rancher, are lo
cated at the Grand.
- George A. Lrgg, a hardware merchant
<if. Nevada City, and C. C. Clark, a Felix
mining man, are at the Lick.
Hg.rri.son Dlbbl»>e and wife of Placerville
and H. L. Brewster and wife of Rochester,
N. V., are guests at the California,
William H. SSpits.< ts. who operates stages
from Calistoga, and 11. Hatton, an attor
ney of Modesto, arc among the arrivals
at the Lick.
T. A. Roseberry, a business man of Su
sanville, Laasen County, and J. D. Fenton,
a merchant of Santa Rosa, and wife, are
at the Russ.
J. W. Bowen, a Los Angeles merchant,
and Dr. T. D. Blodgett of Tulare are
guests at the Grand.
Captain S. Sakural, naval constructor
for the Japanese Government, who has
been supervising the building of the Chi
tose at the Union Iron Works, departed
for Japan on the steamer China.
Tetsutaro Aoki, who has been connected
with the Yokohama Specie Bank in this
city for the past five years, will leave
for Japan on the next steamer. He will
be succeeded as agent by K. Tosawa, who
recently arrived from Yokohama.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. March 27.— M. Hale and
wife of San Francisco are at the Nether
land. H. L. E. Meyer of San Francisco
is at the Manhattan. George A. Stall of
San Francisco is at the Marlborough.
Edward Hanlon, the great mana
ger of the champion Baltimores,
writes about baseball for 1899, in
next Sunday's Call.
San Francisco Kennel Club.
. The San Francisco Kennel Club has
opened its office at 32S Montgomery .street
and W. R. Thompson will be in charge
and ready to give any Information rela
tive to the entering and benching of the
dogs. The premium list will be issued
on April 1 and entries will close at mid
night of that day, after which none will
be received unless they are postmarked
prior to the time of closing.
The show will extend from May 3 to
May 6. The cost of entering a dog will
be $3. which will include feeding, care and
all other incidentals. Jn addition to this,
there will be a charge of 25 cents for list
ing, which, however, will not be applicable
to registered dogs. This listing fee en
ables a dog to be shown at all shows held
under the rules of the American Kennel
Club.
NO WORD FROM
THE MINERS ON
KOTZEBUE SOUND
Non-Arrival of Ex
pected Letters.
KNIGHT COMMANDER AGAIN
TJNTORTUNATE BARK SHOUT OF
PBO VISIONS.
The Overdue Dominion Supposed to
Be Lost — Brutus Will Carry Coal
to Guam — Nero to Make
Surveys.
1 The first vessel to leave for points north
of St. Michael this year will be the bark
Alaska. She will sail for Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence and Kotzebue Sound about
May 1, and on her return will probably
i bring the first authentic news from those
! points.
Over eight hundred gold miners win
tered on the rivers emptying into Kotze
bue Sound, but since the return of the
i Alaska last y< ar not a word has been
! heard from them. Every one of the men
had two years' supplies with him, and
besides two well stocked stores were es
tablished on the Kuburk River, so there
was no chance of anybody starving-, but
; those who are interested in that region
j are wondering that no news has been
! sent out. "No news," they say, "is good
news," and the general supposition is
that the men have been too busy pros
pecting to send messengers out with news.
Among those who made arrangements to
have information sent out were Lynde &
Hough, Charles D. Lane, the millionaire
mining man, and Captain B. Cogan,
! owner of the bark Alaska. They havo
' been expecting letters all of this month,
but are Ktill in the dark as to what has
been discovered on the rivers of Kotze
bue Sound.
When Captain Cogan left the gold hunt
ers last year the majority of them were
at Cogan's camp, twenty miles beyond
Fort Cosmos. They were then heading
for the Par River and the headwaters of
the Kubuck. In October the ground
would be frozen hard, and then prospect
ing down to bedrock could be done. If
gold in paying quantities was not found
it was the intention of 200 of the gold
hunters to make a three days" journey
overland to the Koyukuk River, where
gold was known to abound. Now news
has i n received from the miners on the
Koyukuk three or four times since last
October, but not a word about any men
having gone over from the Kubuck.
Of those who did not go up to Fort Cos
mos nearly all took up claims on the
Ruckland River. Among these was John
D. Tallant, the banki-r, and they found
traces of gold from the roots of the grass
down, but could not reaoh bedrock until
the ground froze in the winter. Letters
and parcels for the gold hunters are ar
riving dally from all parts of California
and the East, and these will go north on
the Alaska next May.
"It looks to me very much as though
the boys have struck gold and were too
busy to send out a messenger," said Cap
tain Cogan yesterday. "Or they may
have nil been so busy that no one could
bo persuaded to make the journey. One
thing is certain, there will be no starva
tion, as everybody was well supplied with
provisions and there Is fish and game In
abundance. I am certain that T will find
them all well when I get there in June.
At Golovin Bay they have found gold,
and when the Alaska gets there I suppose
wo will get some news."
The British bnrk Knight Commander is
in trouble again. She was spoken on
March 2." by the German steamer Africa
and supplied with provisions. This is the
second time she has run out of supplies.
She left Puget Sound early in last De
cember for Belfast, and when in the vi
cinity of Cape Horn the provisions ran
out. The crew was down to starvation
rations when th" captain managed to
make Port Stanley. Tho supplies received
there were neither extensive nor varied,
but the men had to put up with them
until the Africa was met with on the 25th
Inst.
The Knight Commander was formerly
a ship and has been more or less unfort
unate since her launching. In July, 1873
while on her way from San Francisco
to Newcastle, N. S. \\\, her decks were
swept and everything movable washed
overboard. All the livestock aboard were
drowned and the cabin flooded. In March,
1874, while on her way from San Fran
cisco to Liverpool she lost all her boats
and a suit of sails was blown away. Two
years later while on her way to Calcutta
she was dismasted, and a couple of years
later nearly all her crew died of yellow
fever.
On July 31, 1891, the Knight Commander
met with her worst luck. She was
caught in a hurricane and had to put
into Falkland Islands with her rudder
pintles gone and otherwise so damaged
that her cargo had to be discharged for
repairs. While the ship was being over
hauled many of the crew were taken sick
and died and others ran away on ships
that put in for supplies. The captain
wont to Montevideo and secured a second
crew, but some of them died on the way
to Port Stanley and upon reaching that
place it was found that two of the aii
£m n i' £ had , fallen from aloft and bee
tilirtL"n Enough men were got from Mon
tevideo to give the ship a full complement
EH? « a start was maae for San Francisco,
but she was caught in another storm and
a iv- to ;. put hack lnt ° 'Stanley with her
rudder damaged.
:Jr ci" l^, 1168 ; the . Knight Commander
left San Francisco for Cork and she was
caught in more heavy weather off the
Horn. In fact, the news reached Eng
land that she had foundered and the ves
sel was given up for lost. She reached
her destination _ in safety, however, and
after that her rig was changed to a 'bark
Since then her accidents have been minor
ones, but she never seems to be able to
pass Port Stanley without putting" in
there. To even up the ill luck of the
Knight Commander her sister ship the
Knight Companion, has been almost a
uniform success.
The ship Erskine M. Phelps will Bail for
Honolulu to load. sugar for New York in
a day or so. She came off the Union
Iron Works dry dock yesterday and went
to Harrison street wharf, where she will
take in ballast. The Phelps will take no
freight but will carry a number of pas
sengers. Captain Graham experts to
make the run down in from ten to twelve
The British ship Dominion, which left
Honolulu for Pugot Sound seventy days
ago, is about given up for lost There
was 9° per cent reinsurance offered on her
yesterday but no takers. Indians report
a wreck on Quo«-n Charlotte Sound, and
by some people this is thought to be the
ill-fated vessel. Others again are of the
opinion that the Dominions ballast
shifted and the vessel went down in a
hurricane. , '
The United States collier Brutus is to
come down from Mare Island this work
to load Cardiff coal for Guam. She wi 1
take 4500 tons of the same kind of black
diamonds that the Oregon was Bupplied
with when sho made her famous voyage
around the Horn. The Brutus will sail
about April 8. The Nero is also coming
down from the navy yard to be fitted oiu
She will go to Honolulu and will be used
to make a survey for a cable between
Hawaii and San Francisco.
EVANGELIST MOODY'S
FAREWELL LECTURE
SPOKE AT THE FIRST CONGRE-
GATIONAL CHURCH.
Fully Two Thousand People Crowded
Into the Sacred Edifice to
Hear His Parting
Words.
Evangelist Moody preached again yes- |
terday afternoon from trie pulpit of the
First Congregational Church. Fully two
thousand crowded into the edifice and re
mained attentive until Mr. Moody ceased
to speak. About thirty ministers of the
gospel occupied seats on the platform, and
to them, not as individuals but as a
body. Moody pave advice.
"The day is past," said the evangelist,
"when a man of God should endeavor to |
expound his own theories and moralize on
the words of God. Let him teach his flock
the Bible from beginning to end. Christ's
words need no explanation. They are
written in black and white in the holy |
book, and it should be the desire of a mm- ;
ister more thrtn anything < Use to impress (
the importance of studying the Bible on .
those whom he has undertaken to lead to \
heaven.
"This habit of taking a text from the
Bible an a t>LiHin for a sermon and after i
readinfi -t to hi.s congregation overlook it I
altogetl to soar into oratorical flights ;
of fancy la wrong. Oratorical ministers
are never successful unless they adhere
Strictly to the word of God. It should
not l>e the province of a minister to 'give [
his people something new.' That practice j
is wholly improper. I
"Let him teach his flock from the good
old Bible. Of course I am casting no re- ;
flections on the ministers of California.
I have not had the good fortune to attend
Bervlcea here. 1 will pay. fur Instance,
that the practice exists away back in Ohio
or BOtne other place equally distant from
A minister of the gospel cannot
m.'ik-- any headway in his mission of sav
uls by preaching a twenty-minute
sermon once a week. Why, In Glasgow,
where I lectured for five weeks, I know j
of people who study the Bible for six
and seven hours a day. One minister in i
particular taught the words of God to his
listeners to such an extent that I noticed
his influence wherever I went. I could
pick out any chapter in the Bible and |
nearly everybody in the congregation (
could recite it word for word from mem- j
ory. The words of God are in themselves j
powerful morals and it heeds no minister
to select a few of them and then moraiize ,
oratorlcally on them.
"I have heard a great many people say
both privately and publicly that a person
should never reform suddenly. What a
false doctrine. When a person has real
sorrow for his sins he repents. Now re
pentance is not going down to the bay
and standing in water up to your neck for
a day. My definition of repentance is, |
'Halt; right about face.' That's repent
ance. If a man has his back turned to i
God every step he takes brings him one •
step nearer the devil. If he turns his !
back to the devil every step he takes
brings him nearer to Gnd."
In the morning Mr. Moody lectured at
the Young Men's Christian Association.
The evangelist left last night for the East.
MAY BE HANLANS YET.
Result of the Alameda Boat Club
Maiden Outrigged Skiff Race.
The Alameda Boat Club held the first of
a series of outrigged skiff races for nov
ices Sunday on the Oakland Creek over a
course of one and a half miles with a
turn There wore sixteen entries, who
were matched in eight pairs, with the
following results: Hague beat Guild,
Lubbock beat Brown, Cone beat Pollard,
Burns beat Hinchman. Kisfeldt beat Lam
born C Smith beat Pesoli. Knowles beat
Rose'nburg. and Maass beat Edwards. The
eight winners will be matched in four
pairs, and the racing carried on until the
prize offered for the event is won by a
single Individual.
Changes in the Sheriff's Office.
Harrison Houseworth. bookkeeper In
the office of She-riff Martin, has resigned
to take an Interest In a prominent shoe
store on Market street. He will be sue-,
ceeded by George W. L.cc, who has. held
the position of judgment clerk in the
County Clerk's office during the past four
years. Sheriff Martin pays high tribute
to Mr. Hnufpwnrth, Baying he proved
trustworthy, capable and courteous. This
can be re-echoed by all who have been
brought in contact with the retiring of
ficial.
Befused a Boxing Permit.
Thp National Athletic Club did not get
a permit yesterday for the proposed
meeting between Billy Smith and George
Green. Dr.. Perrault referred to the bout
decided last Friday night in Mechanics'
Pavilion and moved that action on the
present application be deferred two weeks.
This was defeated, whereupon he changed
his vote from no to aye and moved for a
reconsideration. This puts it over for one
week.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A
DISCOURAGED
OR
DESPONDENT
MAN
Can usually trace the source of his
mental trouble to some disease or
weakness of the body.
DR. METERS & CO. have had nearly
19 years' successful experience in cur-
ing men of contagious diseases and re-
storing victims of Nervous Dobllity in
all its various and most dangerous
forms.
NO PAY TILL CURED.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Also copy of the new Private Coun-
selor and Marriage Guide, sealed, by
mail. Home cures a specialty. All
letters confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
73/ Market St., Ban Frineiteo.
ADVERTISEMENTS. A
m m I CARTERS
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
kittle Pills. • 1
. They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
! ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. i
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
SECOND SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide. : The patient lives
lin an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to tna
weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
ture falls to normal, and four weeks treat-
ment invariably increases weight from six to
[ tW Th ty cereb n ra?ed Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
I entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
dict great success for your undertaking. -^
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Im- Not Ira-
Character (No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. 34 29 6 0 84
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 i 38
i 3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 10 « #
I ________
The Sanatorium Is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing fha
Antiseptic Germiclal Inhalation treatment for
! diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are in attendance. Tha
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms— 100 In
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths. ■
The Sanatorium is delightfully located. nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
'■ are free for use of patients. Fuller particu-
l ars together with our pamphlet, containing
i views of the Sanatorium arid surroundings and
j our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
'< ° n Ad a d P r:'ss a an inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA- *
TORIUM CO.. San Gabriel, Cal. Pa
its |iii§ i
PERFECT
Has No Equal Anywhere.
Excels in Flavor — in a
m Word, PERFECT.
I Vol. Blatz~Brewing Go.
JBmbL Milwaukee, Wis., U. S. A.
■MM" 1119 * LOIIS^CAHEN
lj|£§i|i§_i§£| Sacramento
%g£s££M2M£Mf Street.
At Auction!
THIS DAY
TUESDAY MARCH 2S, 189»
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Our Salesroom^ 638 Market St.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (2111) Jackson st. ; 137:6 west of
Laguna; 37:6x1:17:6; large, elegant residence of
10 rooms and bath; modern In all details; fine
view.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. '
Southwest corner (11) of Piedmont and Ep-
stein Bts. ; 50x125; a nice house of 6 large
sunny rooms, bath and basement; an unsur-
passed marine and inland view.
SHIPLEY STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly side (254-56) of Shipley St., 350
feet northeasterly from Sixth; 25x75; 4 nice
fl£lt3 of 3 rooms each; rents $36; all In Al con-
dition.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS FRENCH FLATS.
West line (28) De Long aye.. 200:3 south of
Waller st. ; 25xS0; 4 French flats of 3 rooms and
bath each; rents $43.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (565) Liberty st., 155 feet east of
Castro; 25x114; new modern house of S rooms,
bath and basement: up to date In all details;
beautiful view of the counties and ocean.
TWENTY-THIRD STREET FLATS.
North side C3SS6-88) Twenty-third et., 40:«
east of Sanchez: 25x90; 2 fiats of I and 5 rooms,
bath and separate basement; rent $33.
MISSION HOME.
. West side (842) Carp st, 80 feet north «O
Twenty-fourth; 20x55; 2-story house of 7 room!
and bath; high basement; in good condition.
O'FARRELL STREET RESIDENCE. .
North side (1726) O'Farrell St.. 137:6 east off
Steiner; 21:3x137:6; 2-story house of 7 rooms,
bath and basement; rent $30.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGH.
North side (2422) Geary St.. 62:6 east of Lyo»|
25x137:6; nice cottage of 6-rooms, bath and base-
ment: street work done; also good building lot.
25x137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
West side Scott st., 77;5>4 south of Washing-
ton; 25x110; fine building lot; beet part of
city, facing plaza; ready for building.
. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS. £/.
638 Market Street.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THB
—-eat Mexican remedy; gives health and
I «tr«ojjth to sexual organ*. Depot,- 823 M&rktt*HUNTINGTON
GETS ALL THAT
HE DESIRES
Status of the Grain-
Rate Case.
RAILROAD MUST NOW ACT
EXPLANATION OF AN AMBIGU
OUS RESOLUTION.
Commissioner Laumeister Gives His
Understanding of the Peculiar
Proceeding He Officially
Approved.
. v In the matter of the 8 per cent grain
rate reduction question, It is now "up to" ;
the Southern Pacific Company. That cor- j
poration must make the next move if the i
farmers are to receive any benefit from
the action of the Railroad Commisssion
ers at their last meeting, Will the rail- ;
road company dismisses the pending suit ,
and the injunction against the commis- ;
Bion is thereby dissolved, the hands of
the Commissioners are tied so far as
making reductions In rates are concerned.
At the last session of the commission It
passed the lowing resolution:
<J> Now, therefore, it is by the Board of <£
<s> Railroad Commissioners of the State of <$>
<g> California ordered and resolved that paid <|-
<•> resolution above referred to and set <•>
4> forth be and the same is hereby re- <§>
<5> scinded. annulled, vacated, set aside and <«>
<•> repealed. ■$>
<J> Provided, however, that the board shall <•>
<;■ at the regular meeting In April, IS9B, to <$>
<•> wit, on the 10th day of said month, pass <$>
<♦> and adopt a resolution fixing and pro- <*>
<$• mulgating a schedule of grain rates at •$>
<s> least equal to an average reduction of fc <j>
<g> per cent as of date, September 14. l>s>s. >•>
When this action was taken by the com
mission It was generally construed to
mean that the commission intended to
abandon the defense of the pending ac
tion brought by the Southern Pacific
Company: that the latter would thereby
pet judgment, would allow the temporary
injunction to be dissolved and would per
mit the commission to put into effect an
£ per cent reduction in grain rates, based
en the rates as they existed on September
14, ISM.
Such, however, is not the programme,
a- explained by Commissioner Laumeister
yesterday. The resolution which it is pro
posed to" rescind was adopted by the
former commission, and referred to a -a
per cent horizontal reduction, as well as
to the reduction of 8 per cent on grain
rates. According to Commissioner Lau
meister there has been no rescission of
the resolution of the old board. Its abro
gation was made conditional on the power
of the Board of Railroad Commissioner*
to put Into effect on April 10 a schedule
of rates on grain that would be 8 per cent
less than those that were effective Sep
tember 14 1595. If the Southern Pacific
does not have its suit against the com
mission dismissed and the injunction in
connection therewith dissolved, the com
mission will be in contempt of court if it
should order any reduction in rates In the
meantime. . . 
Simply stated the commission by its ac
tion has made an offer to the Southern
Pacifk- Company to abandon its action.
under the 25 per cent reduction resolu
tion provided the corporation will bring
about the dismissal of the pending liti
gation, including the injunction, ana pro
vided also that the railroad will agree to
en 8 per cent reduction on grain rates as
they were in force on September 14, 1*95.
The Railroad Commission is now making
the railroad company the same offer that
was made to th*» former Railroad Com
mission by the railroad company through
W H. Mills, and the members of tri^ com
mission say there is no understanding be
tween the commission and the Southern
Pacific. -
Had the commission abandoned defense
of the pending suit it would have been lia
ble for costs, th» injunction would have
continued in force and its hands would
have been tied. If the programme as now
outlined is Tied out by the railroad
that corporation will have to foot the ex
penses of the suit, the injunction will
be dissolved, the commission will be free ;
to act and all the issues raised will re
main undecided.
AN OLD MINER'S SUICIDE.
Peter Tivanan. Burdened With Years
and Infirmities, Takes His Life.
Peter Tivanan. a miner, 63 years of ape,
committed suicide at about 5 o'clock last
night in Michael Kilday's saloon at Mis
sion and Second streets.
Tivanan. who is a native of Treland,
has been in this country fifty-five years.
He was engaged in mining In Johnsville,
Plumas County, for a number of years,
and accumulated considerable money.
Later he lost the greater portion of it in
various ventures, and for some tim» past
has been living with his niece at 240 Sac
ond avenue. His health has been very
bad of late, and at times his mind has
wandered a little, although he never spoke
of suicide.
Yesterday afternoon he seated himself
In the back room of tho saloon and when
•hing was quiet drew his revolver,
placed the muzzle in his mouth and pulled
the trigger. When found a few minut»-s
later he was dead.
Bear Admiral Schley writes about
the most thrilling moment of his life,
in next Sunday's Call.
Rev. Mr. Woodworth Congratulated.
Immediately after Rev. James Wood
■worth had concluded the reading of his
Interesting paper entitled. "Three Score
and Ten." before the Presbyterian Min
isterial Union yesterday morning, Dr.
Mlnturn, a member of that body, offered
the following resolution, which was unan
imously adopted:
Inasmuch as the union has learned that its
venerable secretary, Rev. James Woodworth,
ha« this day attained the ape of three score
and ten. we make this the occasion of extend
ing to our esteemed brother our sincere gr<*et-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Quick Relief,
Sure Relief.
Brown's
Bronchial
Troches
(OF BOSTON)
FOR COUGHS AND
COLDS,
Observe Fac-Slmlle Signature of
on wrapper of every box.
Ings and congratulations, together with the as
surances of our unfeipnpd confidence and our
hope that by the blessing of God many years
of usefulness and happiness may yet be granted
him.
Before. Its adoption Rev. Alexander
Carson, Rev. John Hemphill, Rev. H. N.
Bevior and Dr. Minturn said some kindly
things in praise of the aged secretary. He
Wittily responded to the felicitations and
the meeting adjourned.
DISTINGUISHED REBEKAHS.
They Are Tendered a Reception by
the Members of Lloyd
Lodg-e.
Royal Rebekah l.odge. I. O. O. P., ten
dered a reception last night in Welcome
Hall, Odd Fellows' building, to Mrs. Dell
C. Savage. State president of the Assem
bly, and Mrs. Eunice Melvile of Minneap
olis, Minn., editress of the National Re
bekah and past president of the Assembly
of Illinois. This lady is making a tour lec
turing on <>dd Fellowship In aid of the
Odd Fellows' and Orphans' homes in the
States she visits.
Last night the two visitors were escort
ed into tho large room by a special com
mittee and were welcomed by Miss Tilli
Braver, the noble grand, and for the)
edification there were Initiated in th
ice of aboul l"'" 1 members of the or
dor Mr. and Mrs. William Meyer, Mr?
Augustine Plunkett, Miss Marie Side
hothan and William James. Tho officer
were all dressed in white and made a
pretty picture as they sat at their several
stations. They performed their work in a
manner that 'won for them much favor
able comment from the distinguished vis
itors and ntherp.
After the initiation Mrs. E. M. Cyrus
and Miss Florence Linehan were elected
delegates to th<- State Assembly that will
meet here next month, after which the
two visitors w. re formally introduced in
a neat speech by Past Grand Master J.
}l. Simpson and each made a short pleas
ing address. At a quarter to 12 the lodge
closed and the party retired to an ad
ioining: hall, where all partook of a col- [
lation. On tho plate of each guest was a I
• oir star.
YOUNG MILLER
IS EXONERATED
FROM BLAME
His Victim's Death an
Accident.
SOBBED AT THE INQUEST
FAMILY'S SYMPATHY FOR THE
LUCKLESS YOUTH.
Funeral Will Take Place To-Day at
2 O'Clock and the Remains Be
Laid to Rest in the Ma
sonic Cemetery.
Th* Coroner's Inquest held over the re
mains of poor little Kitty Wannenmacher
showed that the child had come to her
death from a wound accidentally inflicted
by a rifle in the hands of Joseph Muller.
and the verdict of the Coroner's jury whs
"we hereby exonerate the said Joseph
Muller from all blame."
The inquest was held yesterday after
noon at the desolate Wannenmacher
home, 406 Frederick street. The solemn
little band of witnesses assembled in the
dining-ro^m of the house, and in tearful
accents told the details of the merry jest
that resulted so unhappily for all.
Mrs. Wannenmacher was the first wit
ness called. Thf broken-hearted mother
explained how Muller had in mock tierce
; ness raised the rifle that was stu riding in
the corner of the kitchen, whore they
were all assembled, and pointed it at
i Ethel Kempster, the friend and enm
i panion of the dead girl. "Ethel whs
afraid and ran to hide behind Kitty." said
I Mrs. Wannenmacher. "I tried to quiet
, her fears and turned to Joseph Muller and
' told him that the (run was not loaded. At
1 my words he fired and Kitty fell."
Reuben Wannenmacher. the nlne-year
: old brother of Kitty, and Ethel Kempster.
her friend, practically told the same
story of the killing as did the unhappy
mother.
Joseph Muller was the last witness to
be examined, and when he told the sad
part he played in the tragedy his voice
was tear-choked, and" he was so pros
trated that.it was found necessary to sup
| port him while he gave his testimony.
Although the family of the dead girl are
prostrated by grief in the midst of their
I unhappiness. they unselfishly condole with
the unfortunate young Muller.
The funeral of Kitty Wannenmacher
will take, place to-day from the residence
of her parents. KB Frederick street, and
the remains will be laid to rest in the
Masonic Cemetery.
Mutter was instructed and arraigned in
'. Judge Mogan's court yesterday morning.
i He "had no attorney, and the Judge con
tinued the case fill March 31, so that
i meantime he can get an attorney to look
! after his inten Stfl,
Writing papers, pens, inks, blank books
and legal blanks, cheap, at SanboA &
Vails. •
Cheap Attempt at Bribery.
Immigration Inspectors Geffeney and
Crawford yesterday arrested three Jap
anese immigrants on the Pacific Mail
dock for attempting to bribe them for '
their own admission and that of a young !
man and woman at $5 per head. Eleven I
Japs were arrested some weeks ago for
a similar offense, the sum offered being
$5 per head.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Nora Nickells has sued her husband,
Alfred Nickells, for maintenance. Mrs.
Nickells alleges that her husband desert
ed her on the 12th inst. and has since
failed to contribute to her support.
Anakeols cures Piles, nothinp else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakeslß, New York. *
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1899.
CAN THIS BE
THE CAPE WORN
BY MRS. ADAMS?
An Important Find by
the Police.
TWO WITNESSES CONFLICT
TESTIMONY OF OLIVER COX,
GEARY-STREET GRIPMAN.
How He Saw a Woman Resembling
the Defendant Board His Car
and Ride to Parker
Avenue.
The police believe they have found the
cape that Mrs. Minnie* Adams wore on the
Sunday night, two weeks ago, when she
is alleged to have purchased three ounces
of carbolic acid at Loehr's drug store,
with which to murder her two-year-old
child. John Richard Gray. At least they
have in their possession a cape that an
swers in every detail the description of
the one worn by the mysterious woman
who purchased the poison.
The garment has been inspected by Of
ficer John P. Herlihy, who saw the
woman tear the label from the bottle
while waiting for the car on the corner of
Devisadero and Geary streets; by George
1 Purlenky, who sold the woman the poi
son, ami by Oliver T. Cox, the gripman
■ on the Geary strict cable car. who identi
fied Mrs. Adams as the woman who
boarded his car at 9:02 on that Sunday
night in front of the drug store. All
three say it is the same in appearance
i and texture as that which was worn by
; the woman. They will not. however,
swear that it is the same cape, and in this
, fact the defense will find its only ray of
] hope.
The garment is the property of a mcm
i ber of the Kenney family, whose resi
j dence adjoins the Tyrrell house on Park
er avenue, where Mrs. Adams lived with
her father and brothers. The Tyrrell
house is owned by Mrs. Kenney, and
both she and her daughter have all along
been stanch believers in the innocence
of the accused woman. They still be
lieve she did not kill her child and de
clare positively that the cape which the
police are so elated over finding never
to their knowledge adorned the shoulders
of Mrs. Adams. They are certain that
Mrs. Adams did not borrow It on the
■ Sunday night she is alleged to have pur
chased the carbolic acid at Loehr's drug
store.
Sergeant Duke says It has not been de
i cided to offer the cape in evidence, but
in view of the importance with which
the police appear to regard the tind there
is little doubt that the jury will be given
a chance to examine the garment, hear
j the evidence in connection therewith and
then be asked to form their own opinion
i as to whether it had any connection with
the purchase of the poison that caused
| the death of the murdered child.
"We may not offer the cape In evi
| dence," said St-rgeant Puke last night.
"as v.c may not be able to positively
identify it as the garment worn by Mrs.
Adams when she purchased the poison,
■ but we have plenty of evidence u> convict
her without that, with some to. spare."
The value of the cape as evidence, could
it be positively identified, can be better
' understood when it is recalled that the
! only flaw in Officer Herlihy's positive
i identification of Mrs. Adams as the
woman he saw come from the drug store
, and board the car, as well as in that of
I Cox, was the fact that the woman wore
a cape, while it was shown that Mrs.
I Adams had not owned a Raiment of that
description for at least five years.
There are some discrepancies in the
; points of time on which much of the case
j against Minnie Adams hangs. There is
' a precious seven minutes that may mean
j the difference between conviction and ac
! qulttal, and until that space, of time la
i explained away it will serve as a weak
i spot in the case of the prosecution.
Oliver T. Cox, grlpman on the Geary
street line, is the one responsible for the
discrepancy. He was called at the
preliminary examination yesterday after
l noon to tell how. on the night or
March 12. his car was boarded at Geary
and Devisadero streets by a woman
whom he afterward learned, he says, was
j Minnie Adams. She was standing on
! the corner where the drug store is. and
j as he stopped the car to allow a passen
! ger to get off she got on the dummy and
i sat on the side seat and just behind him.
, I'nx went on to say he noticed the wo
; man particularly, because there was
i standing on the same corner a police
! man who looked after her as the car
' went on and she looked back at him.
Cox looked back also, he says, and then,
being curious to know where the woman
lived, he watched her when she got off
at Parker avenue and saw her go down
toward where other testimony . showed
Mrs. Adams lived. The importance of
this is manifest when it is compared with
the statement made by the woman who
li'iupht carbolic acid from the druggist
on ljevisadero and Geary streets. The I
woman who bought the acid gave her I
name as Mrs. Creighton and her address
as 325 Point Lobos avenue, which was
afterward found to be a vacant lot. Po
liceman Herlihy, who was watching her.
says she was the same woman who
boarded the westbound Geary street car,
supposed to be Cox's car,, and Cox says j
she got off at Parker avenue and walked
toward the Tyrrell house, where Mrs*.
Adams lived.
The seven minutes came In Just there,
however. Cox testified that his car on
the trip during which the woman boarded
it started from Geary and Market streets j
at 8:48 and allowing about fourteen min
utes to arrive at Devisadero street he
figured he got there about 9:02. The rec
ord in the drug store shows the acid to
have been sola to "Mrs. Creighton" at |
5:45, and Policeman Herlihy says that |
after seeing the woman board the car he !
went on to the O'Farrell street station !
and reported there about five minutes
tO 9.
Some one is wrong. Somebody's clock, I
or watch, or memory or something. If j
Herlihy reported to the O'Farrell streev I
station at 8:55, after seeing the woman .
who bought the poison board a west- I
bound car, he reported there seven min
utes before Cox says his car reached De- |
visadero street. Cox, however, says he i
saw Herlihy on the corner and recognized !
him as the woman got on th* ;
dummy, but If he did so and is right as
to his own time, then there is something )
wrong with Herlihy's watch. As for the
drug clerk, Purlenky, he says his clock i 3 i
no good any way.
All this leaves the seven minutes from
8:55, when Herlihy says he reported, to I
9:02, when Cox says "his car arrived at |
Devisadero and Geary streets, in a rather j
debatable situation, and they may prove
precious minutes to the defense.
Herlihy, however, does not pretend to
be positive as to the exact time. He
thinks it was a few minutes before I when i
he reached the station, hut says he may ,
have spent more time watching the wo
man on the corner than he realized.
The hrst witness of the afternoon was
10-year-old Harrison Tyrrell, brother of ]
the defendant. He told how he and his
playmates had found a bottle "behind j
Egan'a barn" and had taken it into their
own yard to play with it. When lirst ex
amined he said he left this bottle in the |
outhouse a minute before the child was i
taken sick. Yesterday he said it was an
hour. He told how there was not much
more liquid in the bottle than there was
when it was given to him yesterday, and
he had to slant the bottle until the small
amount of its contents could gather and
be seen, yet there was carbolic acid Bpilled
over the floor of the outhouse, on the
child's face, on its bib and more bespat
tered its mother's dress, and Still there j
must have been at le.ast a teaspoonful
more than all that to kill the child. It is j
for that reason the prosecution argues
that the bottle found cuts no figure in the
case and the child was killed by the acid
its mother bought the night before.
John F. Flanagan and George Laf'nmbp,
employes of the < 'oroner, were called to
tell how they found the bottle the chil
dren had been playing with; how it was
In the same condition as when they saw
it first; how tney took up the acid
soaked boards from the outhouse and
some paper also saturated; and how the
arid had left its telltale marks upon the
dead rhild's face. Then Cox was called.
A ROYAL WELCOME TO BE
ACCORDED IAN MACLAREN
g T X THEN Dr. John Watson (lan Maelaren). the eminent author and di- g
■4- \l\l vine, arrives in this city next week he will be dined and worshiped —
y y by members of his creed and his vast numhor of readers. Already ©
jj * * preparations are being made to receive the famous author of "Beside x
3 the Bonnie Briar Bush" and other entertaining stories. Although his tour V
/) to this city is for the purpose of delivering a series of lectures under the q
-f management of S. H. Friediander, it is thought he will appear in one of the +
Q churches and deliver an address. q
+ At the weekly meeting of the Presbyterian Ministerial Union yesterday +
Q morning a committee, consisting of Dr. Minturn, Dr. Hemphill and James q
4. Horsburgh Jr. of the Southern Pacific Company, was appointed to make pre- +
q parations for a noonday luncheon to be given Dr. Watson at the Palace q
+ on his arrival next Wednesday afternoon. It is also understood that the St.
q Andrew's Society of this city will aid the Presbyterians in their efforts to q
i make the aJTair a success. +
O O
Cox told how his car was passing Devis
adero street on Geary on the night of
Sunday. March 12, and how he took on
board as a passenger the woman he after
ward saw in the City Prison, Minnie
Adams. She seemed to be waiting for the
car. he said, and although she made no
signal to him to stop, when he did stop
to allow another woman to get off. she
came out from the sidewalk and boarded
the dummy. It was just as he started on
again that he saw and recognized Herlihy
standing on the corner and watching the
woman. . ,
He described the woman as being
dressed in a dark dress, dark cloth cape
with fur trimmings, and a brown sailor
hat. He refused to commit himself as to
the presence or absence of a veil, and de
clared he had not seen her hair, and then,
in response to the Judge's query, he point
ed out the defendant as the woman wno
had been his passenger.
It was on cross-examination that tne
seven unaccounted-for minutes were raked
up, although no direct mention was made
of them. Cox was questioned closely as
to the time schedule of the road, and it
was then he said he left Geary and Mar
ket at 8:48. and arrived in time to pick up
the defendant on Devisadero street at
9:02.
Testifying further under cross-examina
tion Cox said when he saw the story of
the child's death in the papers on the
following Tuesday, he thought he recog
nized in the mother his Sunday passen
ger, and he came to th>- prison to see if
she could bo the same. He was allowed
to see her and identified her.
The defense also brought out the inter
esting fact that Cox has now on file in
the enters office an application for a po
sition on the police force.
MORRISON SANTA
CLARA'S AUDITOR
Rea Dictates the Appointment of One
of His Friends for the
Position.
■lN JOSE. March 27.— Thomas F. Mor
n was appointed County Auditor by
I the Board of Supervisors to-day to fill
the vacancy caused by the death of A.
1.. Veuve, This was done at the dicta
tion of "Jim" Rf-a. Supervisors Austin,
: Stern and G. E. Rea obeyed the ex-boss'
wish implicitly. Supervisors Aver and
! Roll voted for ex-Auditor W. F. Parker.
For the past week there has hopn a
great tussle for the Auditorshlp between
the politicians who were deprived of fat
positions by the victory last November
of the reform forces composed of Good
Government Leaguers, Democrats and
Populists. Therr- were no less than a
dozen in the field. "Johnnie" Mackenzie,
who served the county in the useless po
sition of Game Warden. ex-Justice of the
Peace Kirkpatrick and A. L. Sage, chair
man of Hea's county central committee,
were the most prominent candidates.
A great hue arose over the prospective
appointment of Mackenzie, and Rea's
lieutenant withdrew and got the place
for his friend Morrison. Sage remained
in the tight, and now is mad because the
gang "threw him down."
"When the matter was taken up by the
Board of Supervisors four petitions ask
ing for the place were read. Besides
Morrison and Parker. H. Brosius. the
bookbinder, and Charles J. Llghtstone. of
the Assessor's office, asked for the office.
Supervisor Ayer asked if Mrs. Veuve
could n"t be appointed to her husbaud's
place. District Attorney Campbell Said
the law did not provide for a woman
holding the place. Ayer then wanted the
appointee to promise Mrs. Veuve a depu
tyahip, but Chairman Austin ruled this
out of order. Brosius in his petition said
he would give Mrs. Veuve one-third of
the salary of the office and donate $1000
of the remaining two-thirds to the coun
ty to be dispensed in relieving the poor.
'A vote was taken and Morrison re
ceived three votes to Parker's two.
Morrison is at present Police Commis
sioner of this city, He was the gang's
candidate for County Clerk at the late
election and was defeated by H. A. Pfis
ter by the overwhelming majority of
>7~. Fie is well qualified for the place,
however, having for years been cashier
in two of the leading banks of the city.
The salary of the office is $40no a year.
SUES FOR A DIVORCE.
SAN RAFAEL., March 27.— Mrs. Belle I
Adele McGuire has brought suit for a di- |
vorce from her husband. Frank McGuire.
on the ground of desertion. Mrs. Mc-
Guire Is a daughter of Joseph Ellis, .sec
retary of the Board of State Prison Di
rectors Her husband was formerly em
ployed in th»- San Francisco Mint, and
has now a position in the Harbor Com
mission.
Burglar Steals Coin.
SAX RAFAEL.. March 27. -While P. Mr-
Pprmntt. proprietor of the Mulberry.
Hotel, was engaged in attending to busi
ness affairs to-day, a burglar entered his
room and stole $26" out of his trunk. N'n
clew to the identity of the thief has been
discovered.
He Will Be Received by Pres
! byterian Ministers and Lay
; men.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES. __^
FINANCIERING
FOR HEALTH
What the New Discovery in Medi-
cal Science Proves,
YOUR HEALTH DEPENDS ON YOUR KIDNEYS.
To Test the Merits of Swamp-Root, the
Great Kidney Remedy, Every Reader of
"The Call" May Have a Sample Bot-
tle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
If you wish to be rich in health, you should be as careful
of your kidneys as a good financier is of his cash capital.
Your kidneys arc you capital.
Your health depends principally on them.
If you can keep THEM well, you may possess your health in
Safety.
Now, by this is not meant that good financiering for health is
to overlook all the other organs and merely look after the kidneys.
Your other organs may need care— but your kdineys most, be-
cause they do most.
If you are sick, begin with your kidneys, because as soon as
they are well, they will help all the other organs to health.
The immediate symptoms and first
proofs of weak kidneys are pain or dull
ache in the back, rheumatism, dizzi-
! ness, headaches, nervousness, heart
i trouble, pain in the limbs, bloating, sal-
i low complexion, puffy or dark circles
: under the eyes, bladder irritation, sup-
I pression of urine, obliged to pass water
often day and night, worn-out, tired
feeling, lack of ambition.
If your water, when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
ment or settling, or has a cloudy ap-
pearance, it is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
tention.
Swamp-Root is the great medical tri-
umph of the nineteenth century; dis-
covered after years of untiring effort
and research by the eminent kidney and
bladder specialist. Dr. Kilmer.
It is pleasant to take, and can be pur-
chased at most drugstores or medicine
dealers in fifty-cent or one-dollar bot-
tles.
Make a note of the name. SWAMP-
ROOT, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and
BIG CARGOES FOR
TREASURE SHIPS
Klondike's Gold Qutput
Will Be Large.
Special Dipratrh to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 27.— H. J. Miller
and Thomas Scott, who arrived to-day
from Dawson City, claim to have made
the trip from Dawson to Skapuay in
ten days, which breaks the record by
forty-eipht hours. They report a good
deal of gold coming into Dawson from
the various creeks, indicating that this
will be tho greatest gold year the Klon
dike has ever known. They estimate
the yield at $15,000,000. Cxold Run Creek
and the French Gulch bench claims are
yielding well. Some pans on Gold Run
ADVERTISEMENTS.
)OO©©OO©©©OO9©eoee©©O©OOO9©OGGSO©O©O£SQOOOQCS
A Lame Back !
4tfossh'// *££&&s*'/' f i^^^^i Wlth paln ■in the reslon S
speedily relieved and 6
I^ rf^^ \j/I I \\ J^^li cured with a Belt like the °
fir''^^tete»-» \ji-£.Ss -^***!li!lffiVMWM One Bno ' svn in this adver- ®
iilE-|]^^^^^S^^^^MlrW tls!sment - v conye >' 8 the o
bod >' rt^ ht to the spot and c
i p^iK^J^ ! * -s^^ . does the work "like light- fl
/vWvvK> ning."- "With & good Belt < I
. » ' —vt^- you will have no use for 5
~^ll ~ *n~ drugs or quack doctors. J
"^rtt^ Jy)^ Call or send 2c In stamps g
for "Booklet No. 2." Ad- %
'/\v dress: %
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., ]
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco. %
tAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAbAAAAAA*
I remember it is prepared only by Dr.
, Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
Swamp- Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, in private
; practice, among the helpless, too poor
| to purchase relief, and has proven so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The Call, who have not
already tried it, may have a free sam-
ple bottle of Swamp-Root and thus test
for themselves its wonderful curative
properties.
If you will send your name and full
address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bingham-
ton, N. V., a sample bottle will be sent,
absolutely free by mail, post-paid, also
a book telling more about Swamp-Root
and containing some of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women who owe
their good health, in fact, their very
lives, to the wonderful curative prop-
erties of Swamp- Root.
If you take advantage of this gener-
ous offer and write for a free sample-
bottle, be sure and mention the San
Francisco Daily Call when sending
your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Bing-
hamton, N. Y.
yield as high as $175. One claim on
French Gulch has already turned out
$70,000.
"Bull quartz" has been found on the
Fisher (Sold Hill claim, nearDawson. A
nugget weighing seven pounds was dug
up. It contained about $200 in gold.
The discovery is regarded as further
proof of the quartz origin of Klondike
gold, and it has revived the search for
the mother lode.
Advices from Porcupine district say
that gravel on Alder Creek is turning
out $40 a day for every man at work.
The discovery of the creek is credited
to the Paddock brothers and Calhoun
brothers of Malone. X. Y.
A fire occurred at Dawsnn City rm
March 5, causing a property lops of
$14,000. Mrs. Miller, wife of a restau
rant keeper, was severely burned. Her
husband and his partner. Carroll, were
slightly injured. The list of losses fol
lows: Wright & Pfeffer, restaurant,
$150o; Miller & Carroll, restaurant,
$1200; S. D. Saunders. meat market.
$2500; Anderson Bros., painters, $3500;
Johnson, McGough & Burt, grocers,
$4000; Sargent & Briska, clothiers, $2000.
Naval furgeons in Session.
VAT, LK.IO. March 27.— A board of naval
surgeons is in srssinn at Mare Island to
pass upon the physical qualities of naval
officers to be promoted.
56
TUESDAY .................. ..MARCH 28, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. j ,
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main 1565.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven.on Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terras by Mall. Including Postage:
PAII/r CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year *6.00
DA.ILY CALL (includir.* Sunday Call). 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 month l.»»
■DAILY CALL— By Single Month «*£<?
SUNDAY CALL One Year *•*»"
"WEEKLY CALL. One Tear ■• IMV
AH postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 77777777. 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.,
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
ERANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until :
.9:30 o'clock- 621 A>cA!!lster street, open until 9:30
B o'clock- 6:5 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
• treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- i£os Pol* street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
■ . AMUSEMENTS.
I Columbia— "Rob Roy."
eum — Vaudeville.
Airazar — "Xerves."
Tivcll '"The Bohemian Girl."
Grand Opera House— The Southwell Opera Company.-Sat
-rdav evening. April 1.
• Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater-Vaudeville every afternoon
arid r.ingr.
' ,-mpla— Corner Mn.«on and Ellis streets. Specialties.
AUCTION SALES.
• By Easton. Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, March, 28. at 12 m.,
• street. Real Estate.
. Buttterfield— Thla day. at 11 a. m., at O'Far-
.''.irniture.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
AS was to have been expected the Senatorial
deadlocks in so many States have revived public
rest in the problem of effecting some bene
the system of electing Senators. The
miliar one of so amending the
con , - to provide for election by direct vote
of tl as that change will require years
for its accomplishment other proposals have been
in some quarters are strongly advocated.
We directed attention a few days ago to the plan
pro-- Senator Hoar which provides after the
seventh, ba n by a plurality of the Legis
lature instead of by a majority. Xow comes the San
Jose Mercury with another plan. It says:
"Let every political organization at its regular
State convent .ate the party candidate for
This would obviate all uncertainty or
guesswork. * ♦" * The legislative campaign would
t a Senatorial contest, and lor the
I rs it would be a simple matter of choosing be
tween the Republican nominee Smith, or the Demo
cratic nominee Brown or the Populist nominee Jones,
and the party that should elect a majority of the/
-lature would know as soon as the ballots were
just who the next Senator would be. There
would be no doubts, no subsequent wire-pulling, no
deadlock-. - itorial scandals. The Senatorial
candidate whose party controlled the Legislature
would be elected on the first ballot, and the Legisla
ture would be free to proceed with the business of
legislation and perhaps do some good for the people
of the State."
The objections to this plan are obvious. The
nomination of a Senator by State convention would
put that office in the pools along with State offices
and the preferment would go by bargain and log
rolling as do State offices. When accomplished it
would subordinate State issues involved in the elec
tion of legislators to the rivalry of Senatorial candi
dates. Voters who desired the election of a particular
candidate for United States Senator would have to
vote for his legislative ticket whether it were com
posed of good men or not. Moreover the additional
factor introduced into a campaign by the nomina
tion of a candidate for the United States Senate
would increase the danger of dividing a party into fac
tions, if the candidate happened to be unpopular in
some localities, and would to that extent compromise
the rest of the ticket.
It is in every way desirable to have national politics
as separate from State politics as possible, so that
parties will not be able to carry a weak State ticket
into office by linking it to a strong national ticket.
For that reason no satisfactory- solution of the prob
lem of electing United States Senators can be reached
short of their election by direct vote of the people
without reference to the Legislature.
In the meantime, since that consummation is likely
tc be long delayed, it -would be worth while to experi
ment with the plan of the Mercury. Its defects are so
clear upon the surface that they can be guarded
against to some extent, and at any rate they are not
greater than those of the present system. In fact
hardly anything in the way of change could produce
result? worse than the deadlocks and the scandals
that now prevail at Senatorial contests in all parts of
■{he Union.
An elderly woman of Oakland was sent to jail for
having attempted, to pass two bogus nickels. As yet
there is not the slightest reason to think that she sup
posed the coins to be bogus, and the suspicion that
somebody has acted with brutal haste cannot be
avoided.
The race war in the South seems to have reached
such a stage that white boys shoot colored people
just for the sake of getting into practice so when they
grow up their marksmanship will be creditable to an
advanced civilization.
Forger Crecgan has gone to Folsom for two years,
which is considerably milder a dose than the sen
tence of life imprisonment he once received. Yet no
body but Creegan complained that the first sentence
was too severe.
The Oakland man who with money in his pocket
begged free lodgings in which to commit suicide
cd a decidedly mean trick. He should have paid
for the room, and, in decency, for the gas employed.
The Tacoma druggist who while asleep shot and
killed his wife should either refrain from acquiring a
new one or drop the habit of keeping a loaded re
volver under his pillow.
To comment on the latest fool boy who used an
"unloaded" weapon seems almost useless. He will
not loug be the latest fool boy.
As the leader of an army in retreat Aguinaldo seems
to be the right man in the right place.
THE DINNER CAMPAIGN.
THE Democracy will have two dinners of na
tional import in New York. In these the op
posing factions will line up, one at $i and the
other at $io per plate, and eat and drink defiance at
each other. The dollar a plate party will be led by
Colonel Bryan, who with munitions, consisting of
hash and steam beer, will assault the turkey and
champagne position of the ten dollar party, led by
General Richard Croker. It will be a war to the knife
and fork between the house of want and the house of
have. Mr. Croker, who by honest industry has ac
cumulated a fortune without work, will lead his fly
ing columns against the forces of Colonel Bryan, who
has made a living with his jaw. In the ranks of the
latter will fight Mr. Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont,
who recently deserted the mahogany of the ten-dollar
platers and took his place in the one-dollar trenchers.
He has announced that while personally a gold man
he beTicves the country can get along with silver or
any old standard, provided the national banks are
turned over to a lynching committee and judicial de
cisions are rendered in mass-meetings. He also de
sires public ownership of everything the Belmonts are
not dealing in and thinks State communism is the
remedy for everything in sight.
The dollar platers propose to roar against trusts,
and that is right, but the ten-dollar platers will also
roar against trusts and the Republicans have roared
already, so that between roars the simple citizen and
the Man With a Hoe will be confused as to which is
the original and only roar, with the senior caveat,
among the roars which are making every/trust feel
around for its -lawyer and other weapons of defense.
There are grounds for believing that Mr. Croker's
anti-trust roar will be louder than Colonel Bryan's
and the roar of Mr. Belmont. This belief is based on
Mr. Croker's wide and long experience as a roarer.
In the presence of his stentorian sonorosity a bull of
Basha-n would retire crushed and hide his ineffectual
roar in the bushes.
The campaign is being carefully planned. Mr.
Bryan has been practicing on the South and is now
giving his roar a course of the waters at Hot Springs,
for he knows that when it meets Mr. Croker's it will
be up against the real thing.
This beginning of the campaign of 1900 has the
merit of novelty and will attract widespread attention.
The news will be hardly second in interest to the
battle dispatches from the Philippines. At the
Antipodes the strife is for tie conquest of Aguin
aldo's Capitol, which is built of bamboo, while at
home this battle of the banquets is for the
conquest of the Capitol of the republic, which
is built of brick and marble with a dash
of granite and is honeycombed with offices. Mb.
Croker enjoys the advantage of his ownership of
Greater New York, with its Mayor, munitions, muni
ments and merchandise, its taxes, tithes and tolls.
Colonel Bryan's properties and impediments have not
the physical value of Croker"s equipment, but still he
has his martial voice and the copyrighted trademark
cf the Jefferson cigar. He has ted his forces on em
balmed hope and expectation, stale and stringy to be
sure, but very abundant, so that the quality of the
ration is somewhat compensated by the quantity.
RAINBOW PROSPECTS AHEfID.
NOT in the domain of material things only are
our prospects bright for the coming year. The
rain is not the only thing that has come down
upon us with showers of blessings. The brains of our
reformers, more saturated than the clouds and full of
fogs and mists, continue to pour out upon us an un
ceasing rain of promises and to overarch the land
with a glorious bow of political reform.
A few days ago at the close of a lecture on the
labor problem by Carroll D. Wright in a Massachu
setts city, one of the auditors rose and stated that
after the first day of next September he would answer
ar.y one in any city in the United States and show a
solution for the question of the unemployed that
would stand any test that could be imposed and could
be put into operation at a cost not greater than the
cost of the Civil War.
While it is to be regretted that this solution is not
to be made public at once, it is comforting to learn
that we may expect it before the next rainy season
sets in. It will be wearisome waiting for September,
but that time will come as it always comes and be
tween that date and Thanksgiving day there will be
ample time to so profit by the new philosophy as to
enable every man to have work, wages and a turkey
dinner with a champagne accompaniment at a cost
not greater than the Civil War. It is a lovely rain
bow: distant, but distinct: far off, but enticing.
Furthermore in the city of Wichita, Kans., there is j
a glow of brightness shining along the ragged edges j
of the thunderstorm. The Democrats of that city
have nominated for Mayor a certain James \V. Tapp
of the Salvation Army, and he is reported to have
promised if elected to carry out this programme:
''Ten dollars fine for any girl wearing bloomers on
the street. Any policeman heard swearing to be dis
charged and all will be required to carry Bibles. Re- |
ligious services to be held twice daily in the city
building. Free streetcar service to be given on Sun
day morning to all church-goers. Sunday theaters
and baseball games to be forbidden. Spitting on the
sidewalks to be a finable offense."
With such returns coming in from widery separated
commonwealths like Massachusetts and Kansas, and
with forty-three other States and several Territories
yet to be heard from, what further evidence can be
asked of coming prosperity? What brighter rainbows
could we wish for above the political horizon? Jt is
going to be all right with California. The rest of the
country is clearly yearning for prunes — and Cali
fornia will have a big crop.
DEFECTIVE LEGfJL LOGIC.
A CURIOUS development of the attempt to sup
press gambling at the- Ingleside racetrack is
the appearance on the scene of an attorney who
claims that the Police Department, in apprehending
criminals, possesses no authority to invade property
.inclosed by a fence or protected by any artificial bar
rier. Attorney Ach is not celebrated for his legal
learning nor distinguished for the depth with which
he penetrates legal problems, but in this matter he
has shown that he knows less about the law than ne
ces-sity, which is said tq kt w no law whatever.
It is true that a man's he se is his castle and that
he may within its walls do as he pleases, but this doc
trine is limited by the other and more important doc
trine that a man cdnnot do in his house what the law
forbids him to do elsewhere. It is true that no man
can enter forcibly another's house without warrant of
law. but to say that a police officer, who is authorized
by law to arrest upon the evidence of his own eyes,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1899.
cannot enter a house where a murder is being com
mitted or some one is being beaten into insensibility
is to lay down a doctrine which for absurdity is only
equalled by the injunction logic of Attorney Ach.
Besides, even if a man"s house were his castle to
commit murder in it if he pleases, the Ingleside race
track is neither a house nor a castle. It is an m
closure erected for the purpose of charging an ad
mission fee. If the racetrack gamblers did not want
to collect a dollar from every person who witnesses
their races they would have avoided the expense of
surrounding their grounds with a fence. There is no
resemblance between this fence, either in theory or in
actual contemplation of the law, and the walls of a
man's house.
The fact of the matter is, Attorney Ach's contention
is a legal absurdity, utterly unsupported by authority
oi reason. The police were informed that an ordi
nance of the Board of Supervisors was being vio
lated at the Ingleside racetrack. They thereupon pro
ceeded to the place, entered forcibly, and with their
own eyes saw the bookmakers scooping in the
ducats of the populace. If comparison is admitted at
all the case is similar to that of a peace disturber or
a murderer carrying on his operations inside the walls
of a house. When a crime is being committed the
police are authorized by law to overcome all barriers
between them and the criminal. Attorney Ach ought
to take a reef in his logic or abandon the law and
enter upon mercantile pursuits.
THE OREGON PRUNE TRADE.
OUR esteemed contemporary, the Oregonian,
in commenting upon the organization of the
Prune-Growers' Association in this State, not
only shows a clear appreciation of the importance of
the movement, but directs the attention of the prune
growers of Oregon to the advisability of co-operat
ing with it. The point made by the Oregonian is
that the interests of the industry in the two States
are identical. In illustration of the fact it says:
"The want of trade organization in Oregon, co
operative or other, is not only a serious matter for
our own own prune-growers, but for the growers of
California. During the past year prunes of the forty
to-fifty grade have been fairly waiting for from 7Y2
to 9 cents in growers' hands. Californians readily got
these figures, but the Oregonians accepted anything
offered them, and in the main the Oregon produce of
forty-to-fifty prunes was sold at prices ranging from
3V2 to 5 cents. Any careful regulation of the Cali
fornia market must involve protection against bad
methods of marketing in Oregon. In other words,
Califorina for her own protection must see to it that
Oregon has such opportunities in the markets as will
prevent the Oregon crop from being a demoralizing
factor in each marketing season."
The lesson taught in that statement is not needed
in California, for the prune-growers of this State are
well aware of the desirability of obtaining the co
operation of the growers in Oregon. In fact, the
movement started in San Jose expressly includes a
plan for such co-operation. The value of the argu
ment of the Oregonian is to be sought in the effect
it produces in its own State. It is safe to say that it
is well understood here that "California for her own
protection must see to it that Oregon has such op
portunities in the markets as will prevent the Oregon
crop from being a demoralizing factor in each
marketing season."
The object of the California association is not in
any way to antagonize the interests of the g-owers
of any locality, but to steady the trade and make it
more profitable for all concerned. Good reasons
exist for believing that the present depression in the
industry is due not so much to an oversupply as to
bad methods of marketing. It is said the fluctua
tions in the prices of prunes are so great as to render
the trade something like a speculation, and prudent
merchants hesitate to purchase large stocks. If in
any way the prices can be made more stable the
middlemen will be more willing to handle the goods
and as a consequence the consumption will increase.
In this, and indeed in all other issues, the States of
the Pacific Coast have a harmony of interest. There
ought to be cordial co-operation, and, as far as pos
sible, combination in all efforts for the improvement
of Pacific Coast industries. The Oregonian has been
always a stanch exponent of the truth in this respect,
and it is gratifying to note that it is giving its potent
aid in promoting co-operation in this specific case.
THE HONOR OF THE ARMY.
WHILE the brave soldiers of the republic are
dying under the tropic sun of the Philippines,
and men upon whom there is no stain and no
shadow of suspicion are giving lives for their coun
try, there are matters pertaining to the army at home
too grave in their import to be overlooked. The
honor of the army has always been dear to troopers
and to civilians. Now it has been endangered.
Lieutenant NeaH is about to be tried on a serious
charge.- He absented himself without leave, went
to a foreign country, as a swindler might go, and
having returned seems to expect that his offense will
be condoned. This is for a military court to decide.
Soon we shall know the estimate the army itself
places upon "honor."
There seems to be no denial of the allegation that
when Neall disappeared he took with him funds be
longing to his associates. That upon coming back
he made prompt restitution is certainly to his credit,
and yet even this does not seem to the observer suf
ficient to restore him to standing as an officer and a
gentleman.
To be plain. Neall disgraced the uniform he wore,
the cause he served; violated the tenets of society
and friendship and honesty. That he forgot his oath
and his years of discipline is also plain.
The plea is made for Neall that he is so good a sold
ier the service cannot spare him. This seems to
us a disparagement of the service. There is no one
man who cannot be spared. There is no officer into
whose authority another officer might not step and
fulfill every duty. Just why Neall should have been
singled out as the exception to the rule is far from
clear. He should feel gratified; he might even feel
flattered.
This subject does not concern alone the army. Our
soldiers are citizens before they are soldiers. They
represent the country. In large measure the whole
people will be judged by those among them ad
judged worthy to bear arms. The subject of a sol
dier's honor affects the honor of more than are in
the ranks.
However, a military tribunal is to decide. There
i? no desire to prejudice it. There can only be ex
pressed a hope that it may do its duty fairly and
well. In the meantime much embarrassment and
possibly some scandal could be averted were Neall to
resign. The service, despite an opinion to the con
trary, could spare him.
The appeal issued by the Government to the Fili
pinos is not believed to be of the caliber to impress
them.
If the next census fail to suit Chicago she will take
in a county or two more and order a new census.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE
The very prolonged drought has finally been entirely broken, and the
soil has been deeply moistened by the March rain.
It is useful to think a little and talk some on the subjec t of tms P«t
drought in California. It has been on for two years, the rainsol an y
and March this year being practically the only rains of an V™^droußht
twenty-four months. Of course that means a prolonged, P c J 81 | te ™ " a B b '
and yet its effect upon the varied crops and industries of the State was 1
slight. The statistics in the annual report of President Chipman of the i btate
Board of Trade shows that in nearly all lines, and especially in .£uit ami
fruit products, the exports last year gained on 1897. There nas v
local distress. Places in the dairy districts have been dried out, ana cisc
where there has been loss of stock due to lack of feed.
But put all the losses of this long drought alongside the dro "f ni ; '"
Eastern States and compare the ability of California to endure with tnai
of the East. In the prairie States eight weeks in the proving season with
out rain means an entire loss of all crops. Two months at sucn seaso in vi«u i«
overpasses the limit of endurance without moisture. Here two >ea .
drought by no means materially affected California with disaster. j.«.
should be kept in mind by our people and should be widely known amon 8
the people who may look this way for homes and occupation to sustain
them by rural industry related to the soil. .
It is now established that pitiful destruction has occurred by frost m me
orange orchards of Florida. Not only is the crop cut off. but the trees are
frozen down. These disasters have been so frequent in that region that it
is no longer considered a rival of California in citrus fruits.
The American Poultry Journal says that it has been thought whole oats
would not do for chicken feed. Experiments, however, prove this to be
unfounded. Oats are good bone-making feed and are now fed whole with
fine results. Whole barley is highly recommended as a chicken ration, it
should be put in a tight vessel and covered with boiling water, the vessel
being covered to retain the steam. This softens it and it is drained in a
sieve and fed. Bran is good food for producing eggs, the best of all ground
feed.
In Brazil blows a wind like our north wind in California, only worse,
and is there called the '-suicide wind." It disposes men to self destruction
and suicides are frequent while it blows.
Luxuriant growth in fruit trees is not often associated with fine bear
ing. Very thrifty trees are cured of barrenness by pruning the roots. A
trench is dug around the tree at a proper distance to cut off the ends or
the roots, and the dirt taken out is then thrown back. Pear trees often re
quire this treatment.
The foothill orchards are set for a large crop of fruit this year. Orch
ardists should firmly enforce thinning of the fruit. The great drain on the
vitality of a tree is not in perfecting the pulp of such fruits as the peach,
apricot, nectarine, plum and prune, but in perfecting and maturing the seed,
the pit, both shell and kernel. When by thinning the weight of pulp can
be increased, the size and marketable value of the fruit made better and
at the same time the strength of the tree saved by lessening the number
of the pits to be ripened, the saving and profit are worth considering. A
worthless peach, that has ripened its seed, exhausts the tree just as much
as a first-class one.
Bees are reliable weather forecasters. If a storm is coming they will not
leave the hive to work, no matter how fine the morning may be. If a storm
approaches after they are out they hurry home from the blooms as fast as
their wines can carry them.
The hotel child who clatters through the hall
And shouts a weary shout of empty glee,
Until some guest sends down an angered call.
And bellboys tell him he must stop it all—
Oh, what a life this life of his must be!
He goes to shows, but no tramp dog is his.
To play with him in shed or field or wood.
He looks from windows, sees the white steam fiz:
A forestry of blackened smokestacks is
The sum and substance of his "neighborhood."
His wealthy father buys him pretty clothes;
His mother garbs him out all trig and trim;
But, in all glory decked, do you suppose
That hungry-hearted little magnate knows
One-half the blessings that accrue to him?
He looks sometimes from out his window high
Across the intervening roof and sees
The watchman's child, who shouts a greeting cry
To come young neighbor of a loft near by-
He wishes well he might be one of these.
With uncombed hair and patches at his knees.
The hotel child, unloved but by his own.
Has plays and toys. The watchman's boy has none.
But of all dreams the rich man's heir has known,
The fondest is to be the watchman's son.
—Chicago Record.
STATE NOTES.
Bobwhite quails, just received from the East, have been liberated in
Fresno County.
The drought discovered many resources before unknown. Mr. Strath
earne, in Ventura County, had to carry eight hundred head of cattle through
the dry time and did it by feeding them the prickly pear cactus. The plant
was placed in piles with brush and set on fire to burn the thorns off. The
cattle did well f-eding- on the pulpy leaves. The burning being a troublesome
affair the plant was finally fed chopped up fine, thorns and all, and the
cattle ate it with no inconvenience from the thorns. Milch cows especially
did well on cactus. We may ?onn expect the appearance in the market of
the cactus brand of beef and butter.
The abundant manzanita bloom will help out the California honey crop.
It is one of the best honey blooms we have and the quality of its honey is
equal to white sage.
Mr. Thompson of Lanark Park. Stanislaus County, has a double cutter
that cuts straw and alfalfa together, an inch long, and in that way his
stock eats the alfalfa clean, which is seldom the case when it is fed with
out cutting. He found that mixing in straw made it so good a horse feed
that his stock did all tho plowing and seeding without barley, at a saving
of 5150.
Five acres of sweet potatoes will fatten more hogs than twenty-five
acres of corn. Turning sweet potatoes into pork ought to be profitable here,
where they grow abundantly.
VALIDITY OF Th|E
STRATTON ACT
I learn from one of the attorneys rep
resenting the Non-Partisan party that
the new primary election law is to be
assailed for unconstitutionally; nor am
I surprised to learn that the point of
| attack is to be its lack of uniformity,
i or that the previsions of section 1370
constitute special legislation.
The origin of the act recently ap
proved by the Governor is of no con
sequence except to set in a better light
the conduct of certain Senators with
reference to the feature of the bill to
■be assailed. The feature forming the
point of attack was inserted in the bill
; by amendment and it is proper that an
j explanation be made and the responsi
j bllity placed where it belongs.
For one reason or another all at
i tempts prior to the act of 1599 have
! failed to pass the scrutiny of the courts
on constitutional grounds.
The act of 1897, known as the Strat
ton bill, introduced by Senator Strat
ton, was the worst of all. No less than
fifteen fatal objections were raised
against it in the Supreme Court, one of
them being its lack of uniformity and
total omission of means or methods of
enforcement.
The power to frame any constitution
al act was, immediately after that de
cision, challenged by lawyers and' poli
ticians of high and low degree. The
challenge was accepted by the inter
party conference, the origin of which
is immaterial. It organized and ap
pointed a committee of lawyers to draft
an act which should meet the constitu
tional objections pointed out by the
court in passing upon the Stratton act
of 1897. (Spier vs. Baker, 120 Cal. Re
ports.) Tin committee's work was
completed in December. IS9S, and its
report adopted by the conference at a
meeting held at the rooms of the Union
League Club of San Francisco. This
committee had representatives at both
the Republican and Democratic State
Conventions in 1898 and secured an ap
proval of its plan in both platforms.
At his request Senator Stratton was al
lowed to introduce the bill (Senate bill
30). A committee was appointed to
promote the passage of the bill and re
sist prejudicial amendments.
A member of this committee was in
fluential in procuring the rejection of
all amendments which were not im
provements in phraseology with the ex
ception of one offered by Senator Gil
lette on the floor of the Senate and ig
norantly indorsed by Senator Stratton,
who had charge of the bill. With keen
est regret I must admit that the
amendment renders doubtful the con-,
stitutionality of the entire act. The
subsequent efforts to have It eliminated
by amendment deserve more than a
passing notice. The amendment was
inserted in section 1370 (Code number)
and reads as follows: .
"Where a State convention is to be
held the respective petitions as filed
shall provide that the same delegates
composing - the State convention, who
reside within the j respective 'railroad
commissioner districts and State equal
THE HOTEL, CHILD.
ization districts, shall be the delegates
to the respective conventions to nom
inate candidates for Railroad Commis
sioners and for members of the State
Board of Equalization. And the peti
tions filed by Congressional District
Committees, where there are such com
mittees, shall state whether the dele
gates elected to a State convention,
; within such Congressional District.
shall be the delegates empowered to
! nominate a candidate for Congress in
such district, or whether separate dele
gates shall bo selected in such Congres
sional District for that purpose. And
petitiens filed by Senatorial or Assem
; bly district committees, from districts
! including more than one county, where
! there are such distriefcommittees. shall
i state whether the same delegates to tho
! State Convention residing within such
! district shall nominate the candidate
: for Senator or Assemblyman in such
| district, or whether separate delegates
' shall be elected in such district forthat
I purpose. And unless there shall be
| such district petitions providing for
: such separate delegates in the cases
aforesaid, such district candidates for
Congress. State Senator or Assembly
man shall be nominated by the dele
gates to the State Convention who
come from and reside within such re
j spective districts."
It will be seen that an impotent at
tempt is here made to provide for nom
inations to be made by delegates to a
convention representing: an entirely dif
ferent party than that for which the
nominee is to become the candidate all
of which and the effect of which is
clearly seen by comparison with pre
ceding parts of the same act and sec
tion 11S6 of the Political Code as
amended by Senate bill No. 95 at the
same session and taking effect subs*
quently to the primary act. By «Aid
section 1186. as amended, a lawful con
vention must be composed of delesratP*
elected by ballot at a primary election
and representing the party of the po
litical division which polled 3 per cent
of the entire vote of the particular po
litical division The primary act con
tains no provision by which narri"«
within political divisions which hVve
no governing committees can narthi
pate in a primary election or hold a
1066 and 13.0 of the act as well as said
section 118b negative the power of any
other assemblage of delegates to do «s - O
-and said power is still mor* clearly
negatived in section 1567, where the
various conventions and their powers
are defined and limited. The portions
of section 13(0 preceding the above quo
tation recognize the existence and
right of subdivisional parties which
have no committees, to participate in
the primary to have conventions of
their own and should have provided a
method for such participation, but hav
ing provided no method by which they
can participate the act may with con
siderable force of argument be de
nounced by the Non-Partisans as spe
cial legislation, partial and discrimin
ating in application. By amendments
to section 11S8 of the Political Code
made at the same session, such parties
are deprived of any right to go on the
ballot by petition. Senator Stratton
while admitting these points when
pointed out to him in time to have
amended Senate bill SO, expressed con
fidence that the primary act would be
sustained by the courts on account of
its "general equltableness," which the
legal profession will recognize as a new
element in political law, and will also
remember that the learned Senator un
dertook to reply to the objections to
the "Stratton primary law" with
the same kind of plea and bitterly de
nounced the court for its decision ad
verse to his plea.
Those who had so carefully framed
Senate bill No. 30 urged him to amend
that bill, as to the defects above point,
ed out, before it was finally passed,
failing in which Assembly bill No. 40l
was introduced in the Assembly. The
Committee on Election Laws of the
Assembly, to whom Assembly bill No.
451 was referred, found some objections
to its phraseology and reported a sub
stitute (Assembly bill No. 636). Strat
ton, by representations to members of
the Democratic State Central Commit
tee, caused them to interfere and they
procured the enacting clause to be
stricken out of the substitute. The
necessity of a bill curative of the pri
mary act was again made apparent to
i the Assembly Committee on Election
Laws and that committee introduced
a committee bill (Assembly bill No.
911) from which all possible objections
were eliminated. On final passage in
the Assembly every objection was an
swered and it passed without a dissent
ing vote When it reached the Senate
it was referred to Stratton's com:,
which in due time recommended
passage. On third reading S<
Stratton and others made argunv
favor of its necessity and merits
Braunhart, without assigning a. si
objection, opposed it. On Thurs
March 9, it passed by 26 to 4, and
transmitted to the Assembly for ■
rollment. On the same evening
ton on a pretense of a desire to off.?:
amendments had it recalled and the
vote whereby it passed reconsidered.
But although it remained on the fik
until March 19 and was twice passed
on file he never offered a single amend
ment; and in the small hours of Sun
day morning. March 19, the bill, having
been, through the courtesy of a Senator
other than Stratton. called up for pap
sage, Stratton rose in his seat and said
it was a bad bill and should be de
feated, being unable to point out to the
tired and sleepy Senate any reason
why it was a bad bill. But eight Sena
tors, notwithstanding their drowsiness,
still remembering the logical arguments
of Senators Smith and Davis on its for
mer passage, voted for it. It was lost,
there being present a bare quorum.
The real cause of Stratton's change of
heart was that he preferred the favor
of designing and selfish politicians, and
rather than fail to gain it was willing
to imperil a measure of the greatest
importance to the political welfare of
the State.
The foregoing is written and pub
lished in order that the public may
know in advance of a successful attack
upon the act by the Non-Partisan
party, who is responsible for its failure.
I sincerely hope, as all must who de
sire good government, that the above
points which the Non-Partisans intend
to urtre before the courts may be an
swered, and the act sustained on ac
count of "general equitableness," or on
even more logical grounds, despite the
shortcomings of bungling legislators.
T. CARL SPELLING.
OREGON SHOET LINE.
It Will Soon Be Absorbed by the
Union Pacific.
W. A. Bancroft, general manager of the
Oregon Short Line, running from Hunt
ington to Ogden, is at the Occidental.
Mr. Bancroft says that his visit to this
coast has no special significance. When
seen yesterday he said briefly:
"The published dispatches to the effect
that 75 per cent of the stockholders of
the Oregon Short Line. had agreed to ex
change their stock for stock in the I nion
Pacific Company are substantially cor
rect and the transfers will undoubtedly
soon be made. In this way the Union Pa
ciflc will own a controlling interest In the
absorbed road, but the latter will be oper
ated under a separate management which
w4ll be practically the same at at present
constituted.
"The Utah and Pacific road is now
building an extension to its road fi r^
Milford in Utah in a southwesterly direc
tion to a point in Nevada. From there a
branch line will be built to Pioche. Th>;
line will be operated by the Utah and Pa
cific p.-ople, but they will have a traffic
exchange agreement with the Oregon
Short Line at Milford. "
Ordered Into Custody.
Thomas Chenich, cook and dancing
master, charged with abducting Sarah
Marco, 16 years of age, from her home. S3
Shotwell street, last Wednesday morn
ing, appeared before Judge Conlan yes
terday. Chenich was out on his owi.
recognizance by order of Acting Police
Judge Barry, but Judge Conlan ordered
him into custody and continued the case.
The police have not yet been able to get
any trace of the girl, and Chenich still
persists in declaring that he does not
know where she is. He was visited in
the prison yesterday afternoon by a num
ber of his dancing pupils.
Look out for SI Fourth St., nr. 5c barber
and grocer: eyeglasses, ppe^s. 10 to 40c. •
Artists' materials, house and floor
paints and fine bath enamels, cheap, at
Sanborn & Vails. •
The best Easter gift for your Eastern
friends. Townsend's California Glace
Fruits, 50c lb. in fire-etched boxes or Jap
baskets, 627 Market. Palace Hotel bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and puolic men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
But There Were Two Ends.
Irascible lieutenant (.down engine tube)—
Ts there a blithering idiot at the end or"
this tube?
Voice from the engine room— Not at
this end, sir."'
'•Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Has been used for fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
"perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums,, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'S Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL. PEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board^ at
hotel; longer stay. ?3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery 6t., San Francisco.
No well-regulated household should be wlth
oflt Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons' Angostura
Bitters, unequaled as r.n appetizer.
One Victim.
"What time did the hotel catch fire?
"Midnight.'- . .
"Everybody get out safely 0
"All except the night watchman. \\ a
couldn't wake him up in time."— Boston
Traveller.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to nealth of the present day.
ROVAI BAKIN3 POWOtR Pp., NEW VOftX.THE OLD BOARD
OF EDUCATION
WILL BE SUED
Teachers and Mer
chants Plaintiffs.
NEW PLAN TO GET SALARIES
EX-AUDITOR BRODEBJCK IS
ALSO INCLUDED.
Significant Meeting Held Yesterday
by a Committee — Present Suits
Are to Be Dis
missed.
A committee of schoolteachers met with
Treasurer Truman and Auditor Wells
yesterday morning and took such action
as will probably result in the institution
of suits agair.pt the members of the old
Board of Education and ex-Auditor Brod
erick for I cry of an aggregate
sum of $242,310. This sum represents the
amount of Indebtedness incurred by the
old Board of Education over and above
the amount of money available in the
fund. Of this amount $191.<>V> is
ra for salaries and about $35, W0
due merchants for supplies.
The meeting yesterday was held for the
purpose of vis-cussing the situation and
ascertaining, so far as possible, the exact
status of the salary claims held by teach
ers bo that their future acts may be In
telligently directed. While no formal
action was taken, it was agreed that the
teachers will not accept the compromise
recently offered by the merchants, and
they will withdraw* the suit;- now p<
e gainst the city, dismiss their attorneys
and either trust to the generosity of the
r some equitable adjustment of
thefr claims or Join with the merchants
in a suit againei the old board and the
ex-Auditor.
The total outstanding indebtedness in
curred by the old board is $277,980. To
meet this demand there remains in the
treasury but $35,670. Auditor Wells stated
that he v. not audit any demands
against this money, but would await the
decision of the courts as to how and to
m the money should be paid.
The announcement that the teachers
and the merchants will combine in- a suit
against the members of the old beard and
. »-x -Auditor Broderick has caused great
consternation among those whom it is
jrropoeed to hold responsible, for the
n that if the suits can be ma";
-fendants and their bondsmen will
reed to pay almost a quarter of a
n dollars. Each member of the old
is under bonds in the sum of $5000
v -Audit or is under bonds in the
WO. /The merchants have tak^n
the initiative in the matter and have en
:.rm of lawyers to collect the
■ ssaTy data and begin the suits. They
haw- hat the acts of the
board in incurring indebtedness in
money available in the
I fund were Illegal and that the
virtual members.
in, thf- ex-Auditor and his
be held liable under the
law. If this view of the rase is correct.
n is at hand, and the old
: by the courts to dis
)n tak^n y I by the
committee is significant ol
in with the merchants in
■ rnplated suits.
POOLSELLING ORDINANCE.
Judge Mogan Will Go On This After
noon With the Jones Test Case.
■The test case of H. Jones, charged with
violating- the new ordinance against pool
selling at the racetrack, will come up for
trial before Judge Mogan and a jury this
afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Yesterday mornins? Attorney Ach. who
represents' the defendant, appeared be
fore Judge. ■ ran and asked that the
case be postponed as he would be en
paged in the argument before Judge Mu
rasky. The Judge said he would not con
tinu* the case. It had been set for trial
by consent of all parties and 100 jurors
had been summoned to attend. Thai
ended the discussion.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Buih and Larkln sts. Swimming. Russtan. hot
ted cold tub baths. Salt waterdlrect fromocean.
Mrs. Brittan's Brick Wall.
Unlt< Bl i circuit Judge Morrow
•lay denied thp motion of the re
nt. Mrs. M. Burta Brittan, to dis
the action brought against h-
Baron yon Schroeder to recover $10,000
damages and to obtain an injunction and
:ig nrder against a brick wall
of Mrs. Brittan. which was
roa^hir.g upon and bulging a brick
; r..n's so much so that th.->
i's wall was out of plumb and un-
Mrs Brittan interposed the plea that
the damage if any would not aggregate
and that the Circuit Court there
fore had no jurisdiction. Judc>: Morrow
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brothers, Importers, Wholesale Traders. Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
■ ° ... • BELTING.
P I t> TIPAPV Manufacturer of Beltlnsr
L. r. iICUCrI, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
eion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOiLER MAKERS.
V EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
SDeclal Atteutioa Paid to Kepalrs and Ship
Work.
Office end Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main -045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
*>ar»l" n All 1 I Corner Fourth and
PI FT HflV A I Market. B. F. Try
! ' AH- Mill 111 «f Special Brew
ilHrr nil IHI Steam and La K er.
Uill L 11V/111L.5C. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
ODDirW c. cnWC— Maker* and Dealer* IB
DKll> & bUnJLandaus, Hack«. Victoria*.
• Girts and Buggle*. Gcldea Gate aye. and folk
«t . San Francisco. ;"■. i *.:./''
.. ; COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
:',"aoo BATTERY STREET.
' " Telephone Main 1564. '
- • . COPPERSMITH.
. JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BLTTH. Max.
t .C. V?. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
** • and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
, Washington St. Telephone, Main .-641.
-• DRLGQISTS WHOLESALE.
' REDINGTON & CO. 9 o c n co Mt a ?c d L S^Tn n 4-
'■ that the estimated damage would
d $4i>oo and denied Mrs. Brittan's mo
tion to dismiss.
EPWORTH LEAGUE CONVENTION
Effort Will Be Made to Bring It to
This City.
A large number of members of the Ep
worth League met last evening at the
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church to interest themselves In the work
of securing the international convention
of that order for the city of San Fran-
Cisco in I9QL H. A. Xeedham acted as
chairman.
There was a prolonged discussion on the
subject, owing to the fact that Los An
geles and Seattle had been putting fortn
every effort for the past year to secure
the convention, and it was stated by some
that they had received encouraging prom
ls< a of support from high sources. An
other fact which prevented the sentiment
of the meeting from being unanimous on
the subject was that the selection will be
made by the national body within three
months and little time is available.
Among thosr- active in the discussion
were Rev. Mr. Woodward, Rev. Mr.
Board. Rolla V. Watt. C. B. Perkins, I.
J. Truman. Rev. Mr. Filbr-n, Dr. W. W.
and Rev. Mr. Dennett. By a ma
jority vote it was decided that while no
effort: would be made to prevent ai
city in this State from se< tiring iht- meet
ing, c\-<ry honorable meana wou d be em
ployed in favor of San \\p
A committee, consisting of Rev. W. W.
Case, Rev. Thomas Filben. A. T. v
ham, C. B. Perkins, J. R. Waste and Y\ 11
--liam Abbott, was appointed to confer with
delegations from Seattle and . Los An
geles with p. view of enlisting the;r sup
port. Should this committee be bu •
ful the familiar scenes of the Christian
Endeavor Convention held In this city two
years ago will be revived.
RAILROAD MAGNATES
ON THEIR WAY WEST
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ELECTION
IS PENDING.
George Crocker Speaks of the Bright
Outlook for California
Crops.
In view of the approaching annual meet
ins of the stockholders of the Southern
Pacific Company, which is to be held in
this city on the sth of April, there is a :
gathering of the high officials of that cor
poration in progress. At this meeting the \
directors for the ensuing year will be ■
elected.
George Crocker, second vice-president !
of the Southern Pacific Company, accom
panied by Baron Randolph Xatili, a
Frenchman of noble birth, and Edwin ;
Hawley, general traffic manager of the j
Southern Pacific at New York, arrived j
here Sunday. Baron Xatili came to Cali
fornia as the guest of Mr. Crocker and |
expects to return East next week in com. j
pany with Mr. Hawley. The party came
by way of New Orleans, the journey
thence being made by daylight, to as to j
permit of an inspection of the road. Side
tripe were made to Guaymas, Sonora, and j
Globe, Ariz.
Mr. Crocker's trip East was undertaken j
to be present at the meeting which effect- I
ed the transfer of the Central Pacific !
Railroad to the Southern Pacific Com- j
pany. At the meetings held in New York
it was also decided, "as Mr. Crocker stated
yesterday, to rush the completion of work |
on the coast division line, particularly the j
closing of the gap between Surf and El
wood, and to construct, a branch from
Surf to Lompoc.
When Mr. Crocker was asked regarding
the report published to the effect that T. j
S. Stillman. one of the representatives of j
the Searles estate, was to be replaced by |
Horace G. Platt, he declared that fo far i
as he knew no such change was conteni
plated. He added that Mr. Stillman would \
not be present at the meeting of the I
stockholders, but that General Thomas j
H. Hubhard. the other representative of j
the Searles holdings, would be. and that i
It was not customary for both representa- j
tives to come out here together. Accord
ing to a telegram received yesterday from j
General Hubbard. that gentleman will ar- i
rive here on Monday next. President j
Huntlngton left New Orleans Sunday and ,
is due in this city in about a week.
Speaking of his trip through California.
Mr. Crocker said that the country was j
looking fine, especially through the Ban j
Joaquin Valley. "California will have a'
crop," he said, "such as she has never ;
had before, provided there is some more
rain about the middle of April."
Elected New Officers.
Owing to the fact that the member? of
ifetbodist Ministers' T'nion at-
a Moody meeting yesterday morninsr. no
paper was read at th* meeting. Instead,
the following officers were elected for the
ensuing term: W. N. Woodward, presi
dent; D. N. Hill, vi • nt; F. N.
Woodward, secretary; programm*
mittee— Rev. H. E. Needham, Rev. F. C.
Hill and Rev. E. 11. Brown.
Rear Admiral Schley writes about
the most thrilling moment of his life,
in next Sunday's Call.
Giovanni Guatelli Missing.
Giovanni Guatelli. a gardener in the pm
ploy of tho Pcrata ranch in Visitacion
Valley, this city, disappeared last Satur
,-iay. and hi? friends are anxious regard
ing his whereabouts. He had loaded his
wagfin with manure last Saturday morn
ing at a stable on Harrison street, be-
Eighth and Xinth. and walked out
of the stable and disappeared.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, 'ur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Slitter, rooms 6-7.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS PflYF^ * C(i '^-iPP'nK Butcher*. 1M
JA3- LvlLj d Wtl,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton a Hedle*. Proos.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Do.
CCrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
LIQUORS.
GCDOLD WHISKEY, galloa $1 SO ; can, $6 00
T. C. 0. WHISKEY, do $1.25 '-•'
L. CAHEN & SON, 418 Sicr&cento St., 8. T.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wil 1 AMFTTF PLLP AND PAPER CO..
ffILLMITILI I L 722 Montgomery Stras--
PRINTING.
E C HUGHES, m I*SS*&«
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
. T *Ssff vc PARTRIDGE n c , a ".;
THE fiICKS-JUDD CO., ffi?a*- a^- w .
TYPEWRITERS.
W^± AH Typewriters Rented,
SbsrSZ3l3') Few partly used for sale cheaa.
AGENTS SMITH PRKMIER.
Jj^S^ L& M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
For\- ■' n« Agents and Public Weigners. C. •
era! Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Mala 191*.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI llHinV .headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUnilly l>-k. Wedding Rlrißs. 4id st
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL, MINING CO. at It*
GREEN niVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Beet Coal In the Market.
Olfic* and XanU~-4M Mala 6tn«C ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1899.
SHORT-PRICED
HORSES FELL
BY THE WAYSIDE
But Two Choices First
at Oakland.
BASSEDA BEATEN BY BATHOS
GLENGABER FINALLY LEFT THE
MAIDEN CLASS.
Juva a Handy Winner — Horton
Thrown In With Moderate Com
pany — Jinks Let the Tal
ent Down Hard.
The racing 1 at Oakland yesterday was j
replete with surprises. Some hard-shelled
choices were entrusted Into Starter Fer
guson's hands and possessed of little or i
no class, but two of them reached the
wire first The winning- horses were:
Juva, 5 to 1; Glengaber, 5 to 2; Bathos, 9 j
to 5; Horton, 9 to 10; Cromwell, even, and
Highland Ball, 15 to 1.
The track dried out wonderfully fast,
and is now In fair condition. Jones piloted
two of the winners.
Hugh Jones' big sprinter. Mainstay, was
; a red-hot favorite for the oopening ftve
' furlong sprint, and could not raise a gal
lop. Juva, at odds of 6to 1, led from the
jump, winning easily from Frohman.
In the mile selling run for maidens
Olengiiber finally left the maiden class.
Backed from fours down to 5 to 2.
lorrello colt trailed Pallucas to the
stretch, and then won at leisure. Master
Lee, the favorite, finished third, six
lengths behind Pallucas.
The Corrigan entry, Basseda. with
Thorpe in the saddle, "had first call in the
betting in the two-year-old dash, with a
fit-Id of eleven lining up at the barrier.
The filly showed a world of speed, but
met with poor racing luck, and was led
cut half a length by the second choice.
Bathos, piloted by Joe Piggott.
"Daggle" Smith's colt. Hcrton, looked
much the best of the starters in the Blx
lurlong run following, and received heavy
.support at odds of 8 to 5, which price
way to 9 to 10. Saintly, a 50 to 1
showed the way to the stretch.
where the favorite passed him, and won
a down. Ballsta was a close third.
When the odds were first posted, imp.
.\ ruled favorite for the mile and a
sixteenth run but was replaced by Crom
well before post time. The latter horse
was possessed of all his old-time speed,
as fn.m start to finish. Truxillo took
* The closing six-furlong spin proved a
disastrous affair for the talent. Jinks,
considered a certainty, and a 4 to 5 fa-
I not outfoot the 100 to 1 shot
Jim Brownell. and at the wire was un
placed. Getting through the last part
:he rail. Holmes landed Highland
■ rat two lengrtks in advance of Etta
H.'with Sly a good third.
Track Notes.
Thirteen bookmakers weighed In yester
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Monday. March 27, 1899.— Sixty-sixth
day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track slow.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
•wo FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upwa
•d; purse, $350.
lex. Horse. Age. Weight. iSt.
* 4 m.
Betting.
Op. ci.
*>?m.
•Vim.
Str. .
Fin.
841 Juva 3 105 ; 1 ... 13 12 14 12 Jones 6 "5
! Frohman, i. 105 6 ... 4 2 6«, 51 2M J. Daly , 5 9-2
--, Alicia « 103 3 ... 3h 21 2h 3h 'Powell 4 5
S. Sidelong 3- .105 4 ... 5h 4h 4h 4 2 Ruiz 8 _
M 7 M^Vrv Boy 5 .108 5 ... 7 1 7 2 6 1 5 2 Snider 13 60
Sin Midas a 108 9 ... 3 M 3 1 3h 6h : Holmes 20 .0
New .•'on ...... 108 2 ... 8 V.,., 8 1 7 2 7 2 McNichols... 8 10
c« Yaruba *'... .105 8 ... 6 1 I. S3 81 ijohnson .. 15 €0
764 Mainstay, a::::::.::i08 __ ... 9 _____ __ ___L__ Th " __ 4-5 7-5
Time— M. :12H: H. :37: S, 1:02. Winner, D. S. Fountain's eh. f. by imp. Juvenal-Eccola.
Cinnri start ' Won easily. Second and third driving. . .;*:,::
Juva had the most speed Frohman finished well. Too short for Alicia. Midas blew
up New Moon ran a peculiar race. Mainstay had no speed.
Scratched Sweet William 103. Nora [yea 103, Mainbar 105.
«n-**Q SECOND RACE— mile; selling: maiden three-year-olds; purse, $350
V— » C *_ f a :.;.'■ :'-" : '
ndex. Horse. Weight. [St. Urn.
838 Glengaber 114 5 3 h
842 Pallums 114 1 2 1
843 Master Lee 11l 3 4 j
42S Bly 1011 4 °*
see Gold Baron _ *> 6 3
842 Purniah 102 1 7 lh
*74 Alhaja 114 2 I Vi
842 Bid Mc 102 9 :___B-
-720 Gold Garter 102, 8 *
Horse.
Weight.
Urn.
3 2
1 h
4 1
5 h
6 6
I 2
7 1
8
V.m.
"im.
2 M
1 M
4 M
I 1
6
3 tt
7
8
"im.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
1 2
2 6
3 6
4 2
5 2
6 4
7 6
8
Fin.
Betting.
Jockeys. Op. Cl.
E. Jones ' 4 5-2
McNichols ... 4 10
Thorpe 4-5 2
Gray 10 10
Fallehy .: j 8 20
W. Narvaet S 75
G. Wilson .... 8 20
11. Powell ; 13 8
Ruiz j 8 7
.Ran out < - - •• ;
Time— M 26- M, 51: \. 1:18: mile, 1:44*.. Winner. H. L. Jones & Co.'s b. c. by Moreilo-
Mi«s Lou Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Th» winner had speed to burn. Pallucus ran a likely race. Master Lee Is of little ac-
count. . [ ;
0 THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
•
:. Horse.
Weight. [St.
Vim.
Vim.
%__.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(733) Bathos 1" "■!
I -.-■ i Basseda i' 1 ' 1
(758) Flamora 110 3
856 Burdoc M 5
S4S Rachel C... 101 J
'iv i'alapa 95 »
866 Moana MJ '
... Halifax 102 -
843 Ruby Blazes ?5 !>
817 Florentia • 105110
. . . Yoloco IQ4! *
1 2
2 3
4 M
72
6 h
8 1
5 M
3 M
9 8
10
1 1
2 4
3 2
4 I
5
7
8
6
9
10
1 M IPlfcgott | 8-5 9-5
2 8 Thorpe ! 3-2 1
3 2 Macklin ' 10 15
4 1 1 McNichols ... 10 20
.' 2 IJ. Daly | 20 30
6 4 Mills , 20 ISO
7 1 J. Ward I 70 100
8 2 ißuiz i 86 100
.96 Mounce \ 25 . 60
■•10 E. Jones j 4 11-2
... 'Devin ! 20 100
•Left "' "••'■'
Time— :25; H. :49V.. Winner, J. J. Moran's eh. c. by Imp. Bathampton-Crisls. Good
start Won' first three driving.
Bathos received a nice send off. Basseda was Interfered with round the far turn by Hall-
fax The latter bore out. Rachel C had an easy race.
Scratched— Druldess 101. Almendral 98. Galen* 101. Loch Katrine 98. Racetto 101.
0. FOURTH RACE— furlongs; helling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
01.
index. Horse.
Weight.
*_m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
543 Horton 110' 8 ... 62 32 l-_ 14 Thorpe 8-8 9-10
(IU) Saintly 100 7 ... .<* 12 2 1 2h J.Daly.. 20 50
843 Etellst- 10*6 ... « 2h 3 2 3 2 Ruiz « 20
828 Los Medanos 112 2 ... 3h 41 61 41 Hennessy .... 3 S-2
111 Ret- Honker 103 1 ... Sh 6". 4h 5 2 Powell 9-2 7
B_i Jem* Hunt 10« 4 ... 8 M 82 72 63 Jones 8' 15
run Sweet cakes 103 5 ... 2 7 3 6 2 7 J. Relft 12 20
i«») Charmant* »8f 9 ... 7 1 9 lh 8 Devin 20 30
V, ______u_____9_i ••• -2. 5 1 » ? [Gray __\ 20 _SO
Time— V4 *23 1 *»: M', 'SO*- 4 '. *i. 16*4 Winner. E. F. Smith's eh. c. by El Rayo- Fusil-
lade's Last ' Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. -'v
Horton outclassed his field. Saintly Is regaining his old form. Ballsta ran kindly. Rey
Hooker cut off on back stretch and ridden the overland.
Scratched— Chico 105.
qrx FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: selling: three-year-olds and
o_£» purse, $400. .
upward;
_ —
lex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. I'm. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys.
■" I
Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. V«m.
Vim.
Km.
Str.
Fin. I
1
I Retting.
Op. ci.
821 Cromwell. 6 112 4
784 Imp. Mistral 11, 5.. 118 3
(867) Truxlllo. 5 112 1
851 Wing. 3 89 »
756 Byron Cross, 4 un 2
2 V.
3 1
l M
5
4 1
1 1
4 2
3 1
2 Vi
5
1 1".
2 h
3 4
43
1 1
2 1
3 2
4 6
J5
1 1
2 1
3 3
4 6
6
1 2
2 3
3 3
4 4
6
Macklln I i i
Piggott I 6-5 6-5
Thorpe j 4 15
J. Reiff I 8 11-2
Jenkins ' 100 200
Time— l-11 -0"; 5-16, I*.: 9-16, '■">'• •**'•»■ l:22 l i: mile, 1:42: 1 1-16 miles, I:4S<_. Win-
ner. E. W. Purser's oh. h. by Imp. St. Blaise-Flavina. Good start. Won handily. Second
and' third driving.
8n Cromwell warmed up as if the conditions suited him. Mistral made a game bid for
the purse. ■'■ '■
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
•
c. Horse. Age. Weight.;
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
863 Highland Ball. 4.. .1051 5 ... 4 1 54 41 12 Holmes.. ) 6 12
858 Etta H. 5... 110' 6 ... 5 2,, 3V4 3Vi '-M IHenncssy .... 5-2 5-2
c'r,, Sly 5 *. 107 2 .... 3 *_' iVi 5 1 3 4 Thorpe 5 7
855 Jim Brownell, 4 105 1 ... 2 2 21. lh 4 1 Mounce 30 100
s«4 P A. Flnnegan, 4. .111 3 ... 6 3 6 6 6 6 5 3 Ruiz 15 20
858 Jinks. 3 98(4 ... lh lh 2 M 620 Devin 4-5 4-5
866 Gold Pin. 3.... 941 7 ... 710 715 715 715 lE. Stlmrson.. 100 200
855 Tom Calvert. 5 110! 8 ... 8 8_ 8 8 ■ |Fllnt 30 200
Time— M. '25: Vi, :50; %, 1:15%. Winner, Sunset Stable's eh. h. by Imp. Inverness-Slow
Dance. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Jinks had no speed. Highland Ball was best. Was twice cut off. ' Etta H not at her
Scratched— Casdale 94, Governor Sheehan 108, Heigh Ho 100, Benwnela.lOß.
day. Gus Blumb and Pesch were among
the absentees.
The chestnut sprinter Howard pulled up
with a badly bowed tendon after a work- ;
out at the track yesterday morning.
The old favorite Geraldine recently
foaled a fine looking chestnut colt by St.
Carlo at Napa Stock Farm.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward: selling.
750 Dick "Warren I<VS 567 Horatio 11l
871 Glen Anne 102 S7l Don Gara 11l
871 Espirando 104' 816 Henry C 107
576 Socialist W* S7S Mainstay 11l
80S Potente l'"» 4. 771 Montaliade 10S
876 February 1°« VT2 Heritage 10S
(87«)Roadrunner 111. 5 67 Don Fulano 11l
I 871 Sevoy 1W 555 Greyhurst 108
j (865>E1 Salado 103 523 Ricardo 108
Second Race— Six furlongs: selling; three
year-olds.
878 Sidelong «*! 7tt Naplaa 105
838 Judge Wofford.m M 2 Guatemoc 106
(879)Glengabf>r 119 &S6 Royal Fan 104
874 Peter Weber 112 (Ss9)Festoso ....: 113
i (S7«).luva HO 771 Rainier 112
j 878 Yaruba IM 812 Anchored 115
Third Race— Four furlongs: two-year-olds.
(7M)lcedrop l« S fis ™g Horn 108
822 Glisaando l'lS ?6S Loch Katrine.. .lb
562 Mountebank ....118 M 7 Tar Hill 113
MS Champion Rose.los 740 Galene 10a
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward.
St Calatine 103 *2l Olinthus 114
tbuse 12S 874 Sombre '-''i
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-nlds and upward.
864 Rey del Tierra..lO9' 87', Tempo ]<W
877 Pat Morrißsey..-100 857 Dare II MM
863 Dr Sheppard. ...ll2! 573 Topmast 106
Sixth Race— One and an eighth miles; selling;
three-year-olds and upward.
876 Stan Powers 103 545 Morana 108
879 Blv •• 31 £65 Rosemaid 10»
M 4 Prince Blazes... US' gTfi Billy McCloskeyll2
854 None Such 105 MS THin M
(769) Wheel Fortune.. lo7 «.'•'■ Earl Cochran.
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— El Salado, Horatio. Montaliade.
Second Race— Festoso. Juva. Rainier.
Third Race— Mountebank, Big Horn. Iredrop.
Fourth Race— St. Palatine, Sombre, Abuse.
Fifth Race— Dr. Sheppard, Tempo, Pat Mor
rispey. _,
Sixth Race— Wheel of Fortune, Prince Blazoa,
flm.
New Orleans Baces.
NEW ORLEANS. March 27.— This was
the opening day of the Louisiana Jockey
club's spring meeting. Weather cloudy;
track fast. Results:
First rarp, six furlongs. Sim W won,
Dolly Wetthoff second. Bertha Nell third.
Time. 1:18%.
Se< ond race, selling, mile find twenty
yards Thlers won. Brown Veil second,
Phidias third. Time. 1:43
Third race, selling, mile and an eighth,
Wood Ranger won, Judge Steadman sec
ond Annie Taylor third. Time, 1:57.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and a six
ffpnth Water Crest wen. Egbart second.
Lady Callahan third. Time. I:4S.
Fifth race, sailing, six and a half fur
longs. Sister Alice won, Millie M second,
Duchess of York third. Time. 1:22%.
Sixth race, selling, sevpn furlongs. Nan
nie Davis won. Randazzo second, Nora
S third. Time, l:29Vj.
Discharged From Custody.
Thomas BCorcom, the ez-bdllboy in the
Palace Hotel, who stole two sealskin
from hi? host. F. A. Tobleman, Slfl
Pine street, and sold them, was dis
chargpd by Judge Mojean yesterday for
lack of prosecution. The Judge ?aid that
a large number of people had testified as
to Morcom'a good character and he
thought it ohly fair to give him a chance
to reform.
For Easter.
Besides the very pretty display of
Easter cards Messrs. Cooper & Co., the
Art Stationers on Market street, have
! on exhibition the rabbit that laid the
original Easter egg. *
A DESPERATE
BUTTLE WITH
A STINGAREE
Thrilling Experience
of a Fisher Boy.
BOAT WAS NEARLY CAPSIZED
THE FIGHTING FISH DRIVEN
OFF WITH AN OAR.
The Boy Became Entangled in the
Line and Was Towed a Long
Distance Before He Was
Rescued.
Audley Harris, a 15-year-old lad, who
lives with his parents at 2116 Clement aye
! nue, Alameda, had a desperate battle
yesterday with a stingaree while fishing
from a skiff near the Bay Farm Island
bridge.
Stingarees hover in great numbers near
the old oyster beds in San Leandro Bay,
but as a rule they have shown little fight
and have never been dreaded by the
youthful fishermen who find lots or sport
in the vicinity of the old bridge.
Young Harris had been fishing for
perch and had made a very eatistactoo
catch, when he felt a tug on his line that
made him think he had caught a whale.
With considerable difficulty he hauled in
his line. There was a great commotion
' in the water, followed by the appearance
! of a great flesh-colored object, with hns
like the wings of a bird and a long spear
' shaped tall. The fish made directly for
Hairi*' boat. It churned up the waves
! near the little craft and struck at it
viciously with its long dartlike sting.
: Hairis was badly frightened, but when
i the stingaree seemed to make a desperate
effort to overturn the boat or get aboard
tlv- young man pulled himself together
and struck at it with an oar. His aim was
poor and his weapon went adrift. Grasp
ing the otht-r oar he renewed the battle
and succeeded in driving off the ferocious
fish, but his remaining oar went with it.
In the encounter he became entangled in
i the fish line, and as the stingaree rapidly
I swam away he felt the cord tighten about
hi? body. His desperate efforts to disen
i tangle himself only resulted in him get
i ting more firmly tied up, when he gave
lup in despair. His boat was being rap-
Idly drawn through the water out into
! the bay, and the young man had almost
! given up hope of ever seeing friends and
home asrain when some men on shore no
ticed his predicament and went to his as
i sistance in a rowboat. After a chase of
j over a mile, when the stingaree. appa
! rently tired and slackened its speed, they
caught up with Harris' craft and aspi?tf<l
! him in landing his big catch. The stinga
! ree weighed over 200 pounds.
Death Was Accidental.
The man supposed to be Rudolph How
ard, who was taken from an alley in Chi
natown Sunday with a fractured skull,
died in the Harbor Hospital yesterday
morning. The police are satisfied that
death was due to an accident and was not
the result of foul play. Officer C. Peters.
who reported the case, paid he saw the
man enter Bartlett alley very much under
the Influence of liquor. He started up
stairs into a house near the corner of
Pacific street and soon afterward plunged
back, head foremost. Into the street, his
head striking on a stone doorstep. There
was no sign of blood on the stairs, as
would in all probability have been the
case had the man been struck with a
hammer while going up the stairs.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
E. H. Britrain from Sarah J. Brittain, on
th»-> ground of willful desertion; Marion
Miel from r. F. Miel. on the ground of
willful desertion, and Kate Stoltz from
Jami a Stoltz, on the ground of infidelity.
Suite for diviree have been filed by Mr?.
C. B.nf.-.rd against Alfred Bin ford, on the
2T'"Hi and Oliver L. Hall
acaluft Susie I. Hall, on the ground of
■ lon.
Contests Her Son's Will.
Mr*. Grace Eslick has filed a contest to
the will of her deceased son, Henry Peard,
Who died on the 12th inst., leaving an es
tate valued at $60,000. In the will of the
son Mrs. Eslick was Ignored, the eased
leaving his entire estate to his widow,
i Mrs. Sophie Peard. As grounds nf con
test Mrs. Eslick alleges undue Influence
and uneoundnesa of mind.
The Elks.
N. xl Friday nierht San Francisco Lodge
No, :'.. Protective Benevolent Order of
Elks, will elect iiffirvr? for the ensuing
term and on the following night will have
an installation banquet in I nion Square
Hall.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIFE or
DEATH.
A noted educator and philosopher once said:
"Health and disease ar.e conditions on which
depend pleasure or sorrow, happiness or un-
happinesa, success or failure. Health makes
a man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
htm unequal to the ordinary duties of life. It
is economy to be well."
Z ,^ s J A ' L c n &
O f*^"^K\ i
IHMI «*>* $ \ Jk to
tIJ aw I C
I Mem i
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The old reliable and longest-established special-
ists on the Pacific Coast.
NERVOUS UKBILITVand all Its attend-
ing aliments of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
Improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment can cure you. no matter who
or what has failed. -
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored topfull power, strength *nd vigor.
RUPTURE cured by his new method with-
; out knife, truss or detention from work— a pain-
less, sure and permanent cure.
VAKIC'OOELE, hydrocele. ewelllner and
tenderness of the glands treated successfully.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON. SYPH-
ILIS and all diseases of the blood promptly
and thoroughly cured and every trace of the
poison eradicated from the system forever,
restoring health and purity.
PRIVATE DISEASES, inflammation, dis-
charges, etc.. which. If neglected or improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and cause
kidney diseasc—ttc. permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters confi-
dential and answered in all languages. '?>..•£;•
HOME TREATMENT— moat success-
ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
fession. Thousands who were unable to call at
office have been cured at home by our special
treatment. Consultation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market St.. San Francisco.
Office Hours— 9 to 12 m. ; 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
| . , p. m. ; Sundays from 10 to 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '_ '_ _ _'__
| <S>O<S>O<S>O <S>O<S>O <B>O<*> Ot O^>O<«>O<^ O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O <» o<S>o#o<S>o<3>o<S>o<B>o<»|
% - \
nfiP" #% a aaa n i%
UKtuu bUUUu
o <
♦ /v __ <
% ■ ... -A-T ... <
! TEMPTING CUTS IN PRICES. I
♦ <
o <
$ ; - j
o »
t. Too much cannot be said in praise of i
I our unrivaled display of New and Fashionable i
1 Dress Goods, for the styles are ABSOLUTELY i
! CORRECT and embrace all that is new and i
♦ beautiful in Weave, Design, Coloring, Effect •
! and Fabric, as well as many rare and ex- ;
§ elusive Novelties. i
O ,-_ - ■ i
<$► . -
I Colored Dress Goods. ;
% At :2S Cents. ;
•> cases HOMESPUN DRESS GOODS, all wool, double fold, worth 35c a yard, ,
9. will be offered at 25c a yard. <
% At 5O Cents. ;
6 i case NOVELTY SPRING CHECKED DRESS GOODS. 40 inches wide, two- ,
toned effects, will be offered at s<Jc a yard. .
| At 75 Cents. <
<» 1 case FINE ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH. 52 inches wide, all shades, ,
O worth $1 a yard, will be offered at 75c a yard. <
| At SO Cents. <
0 2 cases 40-INCH MIXED COVERT DRESS GOODS, shaded effects, spring <
<$> colors, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard. (
° At "SI.OO. <
? 1 case FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING. 45 inches wide, new designs and *
% shades, worth $1 25 a yard, will be offered at $1 a yard. <
t At 75 Cents. <
l case 46-INCH NOVELTY MIXED SUITING, creponette effects, new color- <
9 ings, value for $1 25 a yard, on sale at 75c a yard. *
% At ~51.:25. !
9 1 case HIGH GRADE FRENCH CREPON NOVELTY SUITING, latest col- <
* ors. 45 inches wide, worth SI 75 a yard, on special sale at SI 25 a yard. <
| At "$1.50. J
"$> 1 ca«e 56-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH COVERT SUITING, for tailor .
o suits, worth S2 a yard, will be placed on sale at $1 50 a yard. i
% Fkt SO Cents. '
O 2 cases'. NEW SPRING PLAID, 36 inches wide, stylish designs, will be of- i
<?> fered at 50c a yard. '
O i
A 4
o /mis£±' £ 'M/r^ / '
<$> IMi W Murphy Bulldlnsr, J Iml m Murphy Building. m '
9 (/(/ Murphy Bul!clln«r, / [/[/ Murphy Building. J
% Market and Jones Streets. . Market it Junes Streets. ;
i
B||.B-O-«-O'« O-*>O i O^O-»O ' O-tQ.i O ftQyfcQ ■? O »O> O»O ' O » O •» O -t O f-O • O «O » O * Q■s I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Strong Drink is Death |
■ ■ Hi I. _,-— .i I. f"~' "'*> " '*■ ' '"1 i
OR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WE GCARASTEE FOUR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
ante*- or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite fo; intoxicating liquor?.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDDIIG IIDiMV f»nB<"»Biwry. Poverty
olriUni) Unln&and Death. Upon receipt
of JIOOO tt3 will mail you four [4] boxes and posi- j
live written (piftr i <iiti'» To cure or refv-<i j
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol* Asia-.
' 214 Kearny St.. San Francisco.
000000000000000000
% T x? PALACE *«-"o
%GRAND ?™mk§-%
*: ■>;.." SAN FHANCISCO. o
° Connected by a covered passageway.
® 1400 Boom— 900 \» ■: h 3ath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTI THE PRICES: O
O European Plan. Bl. per day and upward ©
-» American Plan.s3.<K» per day and upward n
D Correspondence Solicited. . . <•»
0 JOH^ C. KIBIPATHICS. Kictger. O
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
T<HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i Specialist cure* Private. Nervous, and Blood t>is-
ei'.»fs Oi Men only. Book oil Private .Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over '-0y -V experience.
Patients ciiredat Hume. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dsniy;6.3oto3:3o ev'gs. .Suihlrvs. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
P. ROBCUE McXI'LTY, M.D.
26' 2 Kt-arny St., Ban Francisco. Cal.
-^gg&SX^&Jf»nM Piz fill • non-rcisonost
c>^Bßßß>^^^n remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Cl!llEb>E2l Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
/tjjxZfitr in 1'" 5 *»7i.^3j Whites, unnatural dis-
BfSSf QLir»otMd M charges, or »ny infiimms-
Jfafclf not to itrletus. lion, irritation or ulcera-
J^Prtrtau eaat»glou. tlon of ill Uco D 8 Diem-
■fTSlTHEEvANSGriEU'niLno. branej. Non-aitriDgeut.
YfISacmCINNXTI.O — H * id by BrostiH*.
'IhA tr. ■» a y£r£T°T sent in plain wrapper,
JtHS^b^^ l>y express, prepaid, t'of
<ZsEsH9^fds^*m 11-*'.I 1 -*'. or 3 bottle*, ♦2.74.
SI Oircoiar Mat ok w^&tsfc
>!?TBVDEWEY,STRONG SCO-^ffgy
(» a]
AMUSEMENTS.
A GREAT BILL AT
THE CHUTES!
This We:k, Afternoon and Evening.
DERENDA, Monarch of Club Swingers.
LAURENT, King of Magic.
THE FOUR MILTONS, Refined Musicians.
SHERMAN & MORRISEY, the Great Comedy
Acrobats.
NEW ANIMATOSCOPE VIEWS, ETC.
THURSDAY EVENING
AMATEUR "TRILBY" DANCE.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAJTHEAJER.
SECOND CROWDED WEEK. -
THE PUBLIC JUDGES WELL.
THE FAMOUS
BOSTONIANS.
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great Romantic Opera Success,
ROB ROY!
PRICES 50c. 75c, $1 and Jl 50.
Next Monday— "THE SERENADE."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessee
A BRILLIANT OPENING ! :■
SATURDAY EVENING April 1, 1893
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA GO.
THE BLACK HUSSAR.
3 years at the Grand Opera House, Philadelphia
3 Prlma Donnas— Tenors— Chorus of 40.
Prices— Orchestra floor and dress circle
(reserved) .0©
Admission— Orchestra floor, last 4 rows
(not reserved) SO
Family circle (reserved) 25
Gallery (not reserved) '. 15
— Seats on sale all this •week. .
BIG BILL Or
XYa VAUDEVILLE
52? STARS... ■
THE MATWEEFS, Europe's Greatest Acro-
bats.
PANTZER BROS.. Equilibrists.
MANNING AND WESTON. Star Vocalist*.
! OLA HAYDEN. Girl Barytone.
GYPSY QUINTET. New Repertoire.
PERCY HONRI, THE DARTOS. MR. AND
MRS WILLIAM ROBYNS AND BARNES
; AND SISSON.
Reserved Seats, Joe; Balcony, 10c; Opers-
i Chairs and Box Seats', 60c.
i Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT, MONDAY,
BEGINS ■ — — —
I THE LAST WEEK
! OF THE FARCICAL HIT. — —
NERVES
Reserved Seats .....15c, 25c, 35c, 604
NEXT WEEK. ' ■
"CHARITY BALL"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
...THIS EVENING... .
Balfe's Ballad Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
' EVERY NUMBER A GEM.
TO BEGIN NEXT MONDAY EVENING.
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA.
"BEAUTIFUL GOLDEN LOCKS."
The Finest Home Production Ever Offered la
This City.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c. .
N. B — A reserved Beat for the Matlriee......t6«
OUR TELEPHONE. Bush ft. *
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
;nchnn.=red.
• firmer. Barley easier.
• and Rye unchanged.
Fair export demand for Flour.
• adler.
and Middlings unchanged.
advanced,
rther change in Beans.
18 still higher.
. and Qame about the same.
and Eggs easy.
Peas and Rhubarb declined,
t ■ s doing better.
hanges in Prunes and Nuts.
Provisions as before.
gs u-enk.
i Veal slightly lower.
OREGON PRUNES SHORT.
The reports from Henry E. Dosch. Horticul
tural Commissioner of the First District, shows
that much damage has been done to prune
trres by the severe weather of the past winter.
Mr. Doseh pays that the condition is much
more disheartening than he had expected to
find it. All the Italian prune trees, ranging in
age from one to twelve years, planted on low
bottom lands, are sufficiently injured to cause
their licath, the ampium being black in all
trees a'.,d the bark loose on many. None of
these trees, he says, shows any outward sign of
injury They will' leaf out and even bloom,
but by June "will begin to wither and die.
Tf'e Italian prune orchards planted on the
hills especially those sloping to the north and
northwest, are perfectly sound, are Just begin
ning to quicken and possibly will have from
B0 to 60 per cent of fruit, while on the other
hand the French prune orchards on these hill
lands particularly those ping to the south
and soutljwest, are all dead, notably the well
known Cottle orchards, consisting of some forty
acres of French prunes. •
•'This may seem strange." said Mr. Dosch.
"as the French prune trees are considered
hnrdur than the Italian, and so they are, but I
will explain this paradoxical situation by say
ing that Juiiclng from the bud development
of these French prune trees, they quickened too
Foon under the influence of the warm January
weather, and were full of sap when the freeze
cime: hence their death. This also applies to.
th» Italians on the warm bottom lands.
•The apple trees are still dormant, and show
no injury whatever, while the Bartlett pears
show some injury on the southwest side, and
will not have more than a quarter crop.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2Pth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, March 27. 5 p. m.
• The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
3ate as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
P-tations — ' 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.00 30.55 28.61
Red Bluff 0.00 15.43 12.03
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.59
Pan Francisco 0.00 15.35 7.56
Fresno 0.00 6.51 4.16
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 14.82 . 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.78 6.28
Pan Diesa 0.00 4.54 4.09
Yuma 0.00 1.84 1.62
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 4S; mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS ANO GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is generally cloudy over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope and fair
over the southern. The pressure has fallen
quite rapidly over the northern portion of the
country during the day and there is some Indi
cation "of the roach of a storm. The tele
graph wire is down i") Eureka and conditions
along the coast from Point Reyes to Fort
Canby fire unknown.
The temperature has risen over the greater
pr.nion of the country in the last 24 hours.
The weather is becoming unsettled and rain
is probable in California Tuesday.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for 30 hours
cndXig midnight March 28, 1899:
Northern California—Partly cloudy in south
portion: cloudy and probably rain in north por
tion Tuesday: fresh southerly wind.
Pout hern California—Fair Tuesday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada—Partly cloudy Tuesday; warmer.
Utah—Fair: inner Tuesday.
Arizona—Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— and prob
ably rain Tuesday; fresh southerly wind.
"G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOPK MARKETv.
NEW YORK, March 27— Nearly all Ptock 3
rr.r\r!-» advances to-day and some of them were
rial proportion*; Various reasons -might
be assigned for the movement in individual
but the principal motive for the gen
eral rise was apparently that the steady ad
vance of prices of late had again aroused the
• public to buy. The dealings reached
nearly one and one-quarter million shares. Ag
gressive hull manipulation by the leaders of
Ltion hp.i seemingly caused the public to
cease waiting for an immediate opportunity to
ka at a lower level. The market
opened under an impetus of hltrher quotations
fr"ni London, and though large rpalizing on
rent from time to time
the advance continued pretty steadily until
near ih*» close, when the rate for call money
reached 6 per cent, leaving the range for the
- to 6, with the last loan at ."
Q.jitf- a number of new higher-price records
made t"-day. The strength
displayed on Saturday brought a large num
: commission house orders to purchase
This caused a pronounced rise at the
z and induced the elimination of many
short contracts. The principal activity was in
th<- Flower stocks, there being, for Instance,
shares 1 :' Federal Steel sold at the open
er a range of four points, and the stock
made a net advance of 6-H on reports that the
earnings were larg^. Brooklyn Transit rose
five points en rumors that the Brooklyn Ele
vated had on>:--half million dollars in cash
when taken into c. .ntrol by the Transit Com
pany. The continued talk of negotiations for
a combination of the gas and electric light in
terests of <'hicago was used to the benefit
of People's Gas to the extent of over a point.
Among the specialties to make large improve
ments were American Tobacco, 10; Continental
Metropolitan, t\; Third Avenue,
4, and I'onsolldated Gas, 3%. The largest tm
:-nts among th<» leading railways was
I-"-« In Northwest February traffic returns at
tracted much attention, as they covered the
during which traffic was somewhat In
terrupted because of the storms. St. Paul's
decrease of something over S9«iOQ in the net
was due to the Increased operating expenses,
the gross having snown an increase.
In the caFe of Atchißon the road again report
ed over $l«S.f'C : r'. although the gross earnings
of the road de-.reased about $97,000. Among
the Southwestern railways, Wabash showed a
rease in February earnings of nearly
The market closed with no decided
tone and heavy trading. The bond market to
made an aggressive Bhow of strength,
heavy purchases of the active issues being
made at substantial improvements. Total
pale?. 15.106,000.
tJnited States bonds were unchanged In bid
quotations.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 1,232,000.
shares, including: Atchlson, 7400: do preferred,
42.540; Central Pacific, 3190; Burlington. 23,220;
Manhattan, 87,200; Metropolitan, 28,280; Mls
f url Pacific. 29,150; Missouri. Kansas and
Texas preferred. 8000; New York Central, 11,730:
Northern Pacific. 7300; Rock Island, 17.000;
Vnion Pacific 11.175; St. Paul, 12.900; Southern
preferred, 1,830; Texas arid Pacific. 5200: Union
Pacific preferred, 11,910; American Steel and
Wire. 24.320; do preferred, 4000; Paper. 4710;
Federal Steel, 65.160; do preferred, 14.277: To
bacco, 16.400: People's Gas, 26.350; Consolidated
• las. 3690; Colorado Fuel and Iron. 3500; Brook
lyn Transit, 109,145: Sugar, 4760; Tennessee Coal
and Iron, 10,400; Leather preferred. 11,600; Rub
ber. ■•'■: fit. Louis and Southwestern preferred,
6000; Chicago Great Western, 13.500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 22>i St Louis & 3 F... 12%
Do prefd 63% j Do prefd 70%
Baltimore & Ohio. 71 ! Do 2d prefd 40%
Canada Pacific 55% 'St P & Om 94'
Canada Southern.. 55% Do prefd..'. 170
C<*nt Pac 62% So Pacific 33%
Ches & Ohio 28* ISo Railway 13U
Chi & Alton 172% Do prefd 52Vi
Chi B & Q 144 Texas & Pacific 23%
Chi & E 111 73% Union Pacific. 47%
■ Dl pi-pfd 120 Do prefd 8%
Chi G W 10% II P D & 0 13
Chi I rid & L 9 Wabash g^
Do prefd 42 Do prefd 23
Chi & N W 151% Wheel & L E 11%
Do prefd 191 1 Do rrefd 32%
C C C * St L X 1 Express Companies-
Do prefd 96 Adams Ex .113
IV! & Hudson 116% American Ex. ...*.. .140 ■
Del L & W 173 • United States 53
I 'en & Rio 3 23% ! Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 76*4 i Miscellaneous—
Kr!o (new) lt : i A Cot Oil 36Vi
Do Ist prefd 39*4 ; Do prefd 92%
Ft Wayne 180 Am Spirits 14V%
G1 Nor prefd 191% Do prefd 40%
Kecking Val 9 Am Tobacco 218%
Illinois Cent 116%! Do prefd 144
Lake Erie & W... Cons Gas 208%
Do prefd 66V*!Com Cable Co 185
Lake Shore 200 Col F & Iron 36%
Louis A- Nash G614 Do prefd 88
Manhattan L. III ;! Gen Electric 119
Met St Ry 262% j Haw Com Co 77 '
Mich Cent 113 -(Brooklyn R T 122%
Minn * St I 53 Intl Paper 55%
Do Ist prefd 99 Do prefd.... 83%
Mo Pacific 47% Laclede Gas 65
Mobile & 0hi0..... 42% Lead 33%
Mo X & T 14 , Do prefd 112%
Do prefd 40% Federal Steel SIVi
N"J Central... 118% Do prefd 89%
N T Central 138% Nat Lin Oil 4u
N V Chi &St L... 14 Pacific Mail... 49%
Do Ist rrefd 65 People's Gas 12%
Do 2d prefd 33 Pullman Pal 159
Xor W«?st IS% Silver Certificates. 60
No Amer Co 9% Standard R & T... 11%
No Pacific..... r>2% Sugar 160
Do prefd 79 I Do prefd 11l
Ontario ft- W 25% T C & Iron 63%
Or R & Nay........ 45 US Leather 7%
Or Short Line 41% Do prefd 73%
Pac C Ist prefd.... 88 IUS Rubber 53
Do 2$ prefd 62 I Do prefd 117
Pittsburg ISO 1 Western Union.... 93%
Reading 24% Am S & W C 0.... 6S
Do Ist prefd 07%! Do prefd. ex-d1v.102
R G W 35 j Pac Coast 44
Do prefd . . . 77>4 Colo Southern 7
Rock Island 120 Do Ist prefd 54%
St Louis & S W... 11 I Do 2.1 prefd 2JVt
Do prefd 8*44 Con Tobacco C 0... 63%
St Paul 128% Do prefd 89
Do prefd 171 lOr Nay prefd 8
CLOSING BONDS.
U s 3s 108 iN V Central .114%
U S new 4s reg....lL"J NJC 5s 119
Do coup 129 !N Carolina 6s 130
L' S 4s 111%] Do 4s 104
Do coup 113% No PRO lsts 117
Do 2ds 99%| Do 3s 68
U Sss reg 112% Do 4s 103%
Do as coup 112% N V C & St L 45..107'-i
District 3.65s 117 Nor &W 68 130
Ala class A 109 Northwestern con. 112%,
DO B 109 Do deb 5s 123
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency 100 JO Nay 4s 102
Atchison 4s 102% '0 S Line 6s tr 123%
Do adj 4s 84%i0 S Line 5s tr 110
Can So 2ds 109 j Reading 4s 8»%
C& 0 4%s '.'V R G W lsts 98
Chi Term. 4s lOOVi St L & I M con 58.111%
C & Ohio 6s 120 Ht L& S F gen 65. 122
C H & D 4%s 104% St P Con 169
D & R G lets 108% St 1' C & I 1 15t*.. .121%
D & R G 4s 101 I Do 6s 120%
East Term 15t5. ...105 |So Ry 5s 107%
1 Erie Gen 4s 73% Stand r & T 65... 89%
I F W & I) lsts tr.. m ; . Term new set 35... 97%
1 Gen Elec 5s 115 Tex Par L G 15t5. .112%
i G H & S A os 11l Do Rg- 2ds 54%
I Do 2ds 110 Union Pac 4s 104%
1H & T CPS 112 U PD & G lsts... 93%
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist 5s 116
lowa C lsts 109 ! Do 2ds 97
i La new con 4s 109% W Shore 4s 114
L & N TJni 4s 96% Va Centuries S3
Mo Pac con 6s 120 i Do deferred 9
M X & T 2ds 6S !Wls Cent lsts 67%
Do 4s 94% I Colo Southern 45.. 86%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 5 00
Crown Point 28 Ophlr 1 20
Con CaJ & V 35 Plymouth ID
Dead wood 66 Quicksilver i 00
Gould & Curry 45 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 125
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 25
Iron Silver t>,"> Union Con 66
Mexican 78 1 Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent 1%
• Call loans 3 @4 Ed Elec Tel 200
Time loans 3%@4 Atch prefd 63%
Stocks— ; Bonds—
Atch Top & St Fa. 22% Atchison 4s 100
Amer Sugar 1.">9 [New England 65.. .114
Bell Tel 367 l\Vis Central Is 65%
Boston & Albany.. 24s ' Mining Shares-
Boston & Maine.. .173% 'AHouez MJn C 0.... 9%
Boston L 101 Atlantic 33
Chi Bur & Q 144 Boston & Mont. 867
Fitchburg 120 Butte & 805t0n.... 88%
Gen Electric 119 ICalumet & Her!.,
Federal Steel 61% Centennial 48%
Do prefd 83 Franklin 2611
Mexican Central... 6% 'Old Dominion 46 1 -
Old Colony 202 Osceola 93%
Rubber 53 'Quincy 64
Union Pac 47% |Tamarack 245
■ West End 93% I Wolverine 4 >
Do prefd 112ValParrott 45%
Westingh Elec 4S>4 ' Humboldt 2
Do prefd.'. 64 I
THE LONDON" MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 27.— The Commercial Ad
tiser's London financial cablegram says:
The new account began with more activity
and a better tone. The features were Ameri
cans and Rhodesian mines. The former were
bought freely here, and in New York also to a
i small amount. They eased off finally, closing
I slightly under the best. Atchison Issues, Union
Pacific and Denvers were In most demand.
Tintos were 4 9-16. Copper was up 2'>. sover
eigns. Anacondas were good at 9-16. The div
idend has been discounted. The American
contango rate was 4%@-5. St. Paul and Atchl
son preferred were 4 and Central Pacific were
over 5.
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 27.— Canadian Pacific, 88%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 81% i: Union Pacific
preferred. 54%; Grand Trunk. 8%; Bar Sliver.
quiet, 27 7-16 d per ounce. Money, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
34,200 barrels: exports. 13,451 barrels. Market
inactive at the advance, closing firm with
wheat.
WHEAT — Receipts. 49,600 bushels: exports,
163,000 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 re I S4@
S4'* c, f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened
strong on crop scares, and were held up by
covering and Southwestern investment buying
most of the session. Foreign houses sold early,
but the wheat was easily absorbed. Local sen
timent was bullish all day. traders taking more
j stock In crop-damage news than heretofore.
1 The close was strong and nervous at IVi over
1 Saturday's 1 o'clockcurb prices. March, S3@S3%c.
! closed S3%c: May, 76@77%c, closed 77c; July,
74T*'S76Vic, closed .
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS — Taken generally the local metal
I market showed a healthy undertone and a
greater degree of animation to-day than in
some time past. Notable among the changes
recorded was an advance of 30 to ■"7 l 2 points In
copper, 6 to m points In tin and about 23
points in Iron. Lead sold off a shade. The
English news proved as encouraging in the
main as anticipated, and advices from the West
also . averaged up in favor of sellers. At the
I close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, nominal, at $11.
LAKE COPPER— Firmer, with $17 25 bid and
$17 50 asked.
TlN— Firm, with $23 75 bid and $23 8714 asked.
LEAD— Easy, with $4 35 bid and $4 4d asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 35 bid and
$6 40 asked.
The brokers* price for lead is $4 20 and for
copper $17 37%fi?17 50.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged,
to 6 points lower. Sales, 20.000 bags, includ
ing April, $4 90: May, $".; June. jr. 10; July,
$5 15; August, $5 25: September, $5 3"; December,
$.", 6005 65; January. $5 70; February. {■" 75;
March (1900). $5 SO.
Spot coffee — Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
; Jobbing. 6 5-16 c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, B@l4c.
i SUGAR— steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 8314 packages, steady.
! Western creamery. 17@'22c; Elglns, 22c: factory,
12®14%c; Imitation creamery. 14%@15%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 19,915 packages; steady.
Western. 13@13%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. March 27.— California dried
fruits generally firm. Evaporated apples, com
! mon, 7@R'4c; prime wire tray, B%(gßvgc; choice,
S®9V4c: fancy, 9%@10c.
Prunes. 4Vi!g9V-.c.
Apricots, Royal. 13@14c; Moorpark, 13%® 17c.
•Peaches, unpeeled. 9@llc; peeled, 22@28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 27.— Previous serious crop
damage reports were supplemented before the
opening by scores of similar communications.
As a result there was a sharp up turn in
wheat right at the start. May began %c high
er, with buyers at from 71% c to 71% c. The
market kept on the jump until it reached 72V*c
Liverpood was %d up to start with, and the
next quotation from there added another %d
to the earlier advance. The weather was un
seasonably cold, and in the Northwest, where
much less than the usual amount of fall plow
ing in preparation for spring seeding had been
done, the prevailing temperatures were close
around, the zero mark. Besides the damage to
wheat in the Southwest, very bad news was
i received from sections of Illinois and Indiana,
previously reporting excellent prospects. Heavy
I Northwest receipts had a modifying effect on
the bull feeling for a while, but this was finally
dissipated by the evidences coming to hand of
crop damages. The fluctuations after the first
advance to 72% c for May were numerous. It
reacted to "Hie, rose to 72% c, dropped again
to 71% c and once more advanced to 72% c, with
closing trades at the last named quotation.
The hears made July the principal object of
attack. It held up well notwithstanding and
closed at 71% c. a gain of l%c for the day.
Light receipts, small country offerings and
higher cables strengthened corn. The demand
from the seaboard for cash corn was much bet
ter than for some time. May opened %@>4c j
; higher and closed %c higher. ■',"■., '!
1 Buying by shorts on account of delayed seed
, i ing caused an advance in oats. May closed Me
higher.
Buying by packers and short covering on ac
count of the strength In grains helped provis
' ions May pork closed 5c higher; May lard and
ribs each 2%@5c higher.
. The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— 71% 72% 71% 72-;
Mai- 71% 72' i 7Hi 72J4
: . July 1.... 70% 71% 70% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
May m. . N °'.. 2 ~ 36%' 36 36 36",
July 36% 36% 36% 86%
September 37% 87* 37 3714
Oats No. 2 —
May t8 . NO \*7. 26% 27% 26% 26%
July 25 25% 34% 25U
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May .......... 9 27% . OSo 925 9 27% 1
July :: 45 9 F.O 940 9 42%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 40 5 45 5 40 5 42%
July 5 57% 5 57% 655 , 6 57%
September 5 67% 670 5 67% 570
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May ....... ........ 4 «2% 485 4 82% 485 ;
July ..." 495 4 97% 4*92% 4 97%
September.. 5 05 6 10 5 05 8 10
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm :. moderate demand; No. 2 Spring
Wheat 69%@71V.c: No. 3 Spring Wheat. 66®71c;
No. 2 'Red, 78©75 c; No. 2 Com, 35% c; No. 2
Oats 2Sc; No. 2 White, 30%@31c; No. 3 White.
29%<?30%c: No. 2 Rye. 53% c; No. 2 Barley. 370
47c- No. 1 Flaxseed, $119; Prime Timothy Seed,
S'Bs- Mess Pork, per bbl, $9 10JT9 15; Lard, per
100 lbs. $5 82%©6 35; Short Rib Sides (loose) .$4 45
®4 85; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). 4Vi@4>gc;
Short Clear Bides (boxed), $5 05@5 10: Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal. $1 2«; Sugars,
Cut Loaf. $5 83; Granulated, $5 33. r ■■:.->;
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
1 Flour bbls 23,000 21,000
Wheat, bu 40,000 31,000
Corn bu 97,000 135.000
. Oats,' bu 265.000 199,000
1 Rye, bu :...■- 1,000 5,000
I' Barley, bu " ....20,000. 5,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TT'ESDAT, MARCH 28, 1899.
market was firm; creameries, 14@21c: dairies.
11 . ..-ive; Eggs, steady; fresh, 11%»12%c;
cheese, steady; cream. 11%@12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minn on polls ■■•■•••••■••■••■>• > 445.600 43,160
Dulutta 146,167
Milwaukee 23,100- 1,700
Chicago
Toledo 4.659 12.500
! St. Louis 11.000 11,000
Detroit '. 7.793 3.072
Kansas City . 40,500 11.800
Totals ■• ....••..■■•.'•••*•"•"». •••*■• ......
Tidewater—
Boston 13,083 15.303
New York 49.600 163.038
Philadelphia 1.816 3.418
Baltimore 28,686 24,000
New Orleans 104.000
Galveston 21,112 104.000
Totals 124.096 413.757
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 5 4% 5 4%
Closing 5 6% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— March. May.
Opening 43 20 43 60
Closing^ 43 10 43 50
Wheat-
Opening 20 85 2100
Closing 29 so . 20 90
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
; CHICAGO, March 27.— Cattle were steady.
| Native beef steers brought $4 65@5 3. >; common
dressed beef steers, ?3 80@4 25; prime shipping
cattle, $5 60@5 75; Western fed steers, $4 20@
6 50; Texas steers, $3 90@5: calves, $4@7 25.
' Hogs were steady, partly 2%e lower. Hogs
Fold largely at $3 77%@3 R5; common consign
ments, $3 50-53 60, and few fancy heavy offer-
Ings found buyers at $3 90@3 92%. and pigs,
$3 20©3 65.
In spite of enormous receipts, trade in sheep
was brisk and prices were mostly steady for
desirable lots. Lambs sold at $4 SOS'S 85:
largely at $5 60@5 80; shorn flocks at $4 750
5 20: cheep, $4 "iO(ST> for good lots In fleece and
at 1404 50 for shorn; yearlings were in demand
at $4 50@6 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 15,500; hogs, 37,000; sheep.
20,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. March Consols. 110 15-16. Sil
ver, 27 7-16 d. French Rentes. 102f 30c. Wheat
cargoes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; Walla Walla. 263 6d;
English country markets, quiet; import Into
U. X . wheat. 224,000; flour, 216,000; wheat and.
flour on passage to U. X., 3,250,000: wheat and
flour on passage to Continent, 1,440.000.
LIVERPOOL, March 27.— Wheat, firm; Wheat
In Paris, dull; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady: cotton, uplands. 33*, d.
Wheat— Spot, firm. Futures closed firm; March,
nominal; May. 6s 5%d; July, os 5%d. Corn-
Spot, firm. Futures, quiet; March. 3s 6%d;
May, 3s 5%d; July. 3s sMid.
Imports of wheat into Liverpool for the week:
I From Atlantic ports, 33,200 quarters: Pacific !
' ports, none; other ports, 7000 quarters. Im- 1
ports of corn into Liverpool from Atlantic ports
for the week 45.100 quarters.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. March 27.— The statement of
the visible supply of grain afloat and In store
Saturday, March 25, as compiled by the New
i York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat 30 067,000 bushels. Increase, 75.000;
1 corn, 33.337,000. decrease 69.000; oats. 11.232,000
increase 249.000; rye, 1,444.000, decrease 59.000;
barley. 1,380, decrease 166.000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March 27.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $251,635,292; gold re
serve, $242,772,529.
WILL OBSERVE EASTER.
LIVERPOOL March 27.— The Stock Exchange
and Grain and Provision Exchanges will ob
serve the Easter holidays by closing Friday,
March 31, and Saturday, April 1, and Monday,
April 3.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 27.— Clearings, $291.
--3 SB; balances, $23,736.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., March 27.— The local wheat
market has been so far above export values j
nearly all the season that It will require some
time for Europe and the East to catch up
with it. For that reason there was not much I
strength shown In Europe and the East in
evidence locally to-day. The export value is ,
in the neighborhood of 56c for Walla Walla. j
although some dealers are quoting 57®5Sc.
Valley is nominally 58<S59c and blue stem la ,
quoted as high as file.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., March 27.— WHEAT— Club, j
68c; blue stem, 62c. -
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars — 48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Strong country buying and unfav
orable zero weather, with bail reports from the
Indiana crop, sent Chicago up, and this market
responded by an advance on call, though there
was a subsequent reaction. The spot market
was firm and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l 10; milling,
$1 12%@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls — December —
4000 ctls. $113%; 28.000, $114.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $113%;
10.000, $113%; 8000. $1 13Vi; 2000, $113%; 18.000,
$1 LB%; 16,000, ?1 13; 36.000, $1 13' -
Regular Morning Session — December — (4,000
ctls, $113V4; IR.OOO, $113%; 62,000, $113%. May—
4000, $1 10%; 2000, $1 10i 4 ; 6000, $1 10%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2o,ooo ctls,
$1 '.:: ;
BARLEY— The market was dull and there
was no change beyond a weaker feeling In fu
tures.
Feed, $1 2051 22%; Brewing, $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 3o,ooo ctls.
86%; 40000, 86%: 2000, 86%.
Regular Morning: Session— Seller '99, new— l 2
,-000 ctls, 86U; 10,000. 86; 4000, 86%; 10,000, 86%.
May— 2ooo, 1 06% ; 2000, $107. December— 2ooo.
89%; 2000, 89%.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
36%: 200, 86: 8000, 85%; 28.000, 85%.
OATS— Prices are a fraction lower and the
market is neglected.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl: good to
choice, $13"H©140;; common, II 32%(§1 35: Sur
prise, f145®150; Gray, $1 32%@1 37%; Milling,
$1 40(^1 42% per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 60; Black, $1 30
@1 40.
CORN— Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern
large Yellow, $1 1001 12%: White. $110; mixed,
$1 <57%@1 10 per ctl; California White, $1 12%.
RYE $1 lG&l 12% Per ctl.
. BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of 12,495 bbls Flour to China and
8191 bbls to Vladivostok.
FLOUR— California family extras, $4; bakers'
extras, $3 85(g3 90; Oregon and Washington,
$3©3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 23 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4'g.4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95; in sacks. $6 35@6 73;
Pearl Barley. $5: Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There were 614 tons of Hay on th* market
yesterday morning, but the tone was steady to
firm and prices showed no further change. The
accumulation of last week will get worked off
in a day or so, when dealers expect a better
market, provided the farmers do not rush in
their stocks.
Bran and Middlings are as previously quoted.
BRAN— sl74*lß per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2I per ton. . - ,V ~
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50
©2150; Cracked Corn, $24@25; Mixed Feed,
$19 50@2Q.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16®17 for good
to choice and $14 60@15 50 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat, $14@16 50; Oat. $13 50015 50;
Island Barley, $12@14; Alfalfa, $10 SOtgll 50,
Stock, $9iBll; Clover, nominal. .:.v
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13@14; Cheat.
$11 50@13; Grass Hay, $9 50@10 50; Oat. $14®
14 50; Clover, $10 50@ll 50; Timothy. $11@12 per
ETRAW-35@70c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Alfalfa Seed Is higher, being practically
cleaned up. " There ■ is ■no further change In
Beans and the market is quiet and easy.
BEANS— $1 75@1 85; Small Whites.
$2 10<&2 20; Large Whites. $1 80@l 90; Pinks, ,
S2 0592 15; Reds, $3 25@3 35; Blackeye. $3 75©
8 So; Butters, $2 25@2 50; Llmas. $3 50<2?3 60: Pea,
$2 25@2 60; Red Kidneys, $2 50^2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50®4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $3 75 @4, Flax, $2 15® 2 25; Ca
nary Seed. 2U®S%a per M>; Alfalfa 8H«»Ho;
Rape, 2Vi©2%c; Hemp, KVi'U.'tc; Timothy. 6'<j)s%e. I
DRIED PEAS— Nil**, $1 M®l 70; >.i ■■• 12® I
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
R«C«lpta w. i-.' 1459 lioxi'H A*t>:irnKUS. S6l boxes
Rhubarb and Sfi »i»ekn Poas.
Arrival of 0370 t«kM Orel in Potatoes and 353
ska Oregon Onion. Both are higher and very
firm. For Oregon Potato** $2 was generally
asked In i he afternoon.
The canners were In the market for Aspara
gus, which was lower. Pea* and Rhubarb were
also weak. Cabbage Is scarcer and higher,
Mushrooms tire dull.
POTATOES— SI '".i 175 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 50@l 75 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and
Mann Burbanks, $1 B0»l 7! per ctl.: Oregon.
11400160 for seed and $1 "Mcl 90 for targe;
Sweet Potatoes. $2 GO tor Merced; New Pota
toes, 4(g'sc per lb,
ONIONS— SIOI 75 per ctl. outside quotation
for Oregon
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 50c@$l per box
for No. 2. «1 2.v. ; l 50 for No. 1 and $1 75-52 for
fancy: Rhubarb. 50c<J?$l per box for the general
run and $1 25 for fancy; Green Peas. 4@6c;
String Beans, — : Cabbage, $1 25; Tomatoes.
$1 5G(<7-2 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant, I2' ; c per
lb; Garlic 6©7 c per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, — ; Car
rots. 25<S3f>c per sack; Mushrooms, s@loc per
)b; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 25@1 75 per doa.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 13@16c for Turkeys,
$7(fr7 50 for Hens and $."i 50 for old Roosters, j
Another car goes on to-day. Local stock was |
nominal.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c; llvo j
Turkeys, 12@13c for Gobblers and 13fil4c for !
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 7562 25; Goslings, $2 50 i
@3: Ducks, 86 6007 for old and $7'50@9 for
young; Hens, V: 50®6 50; young Roost rs, $S©9;
old Roosters, $5 50r?i6: Fryers. $7@7 50: Broilers,
$6@6 50 for large. $4@5 for small; Pigeons, $1 50
(SI 75 per dozen for old and $2 25@2 50 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3^.150: White Geese,
$1; Brant, : Hare. $I@l 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for small; English Snipe,
$3 per doz.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter declined again. Eggs were unchanged,
but the feeling was rather easy than otherwise. i
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, lSc; seconds,
17@17%c;
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16@17c; common
grades, 14^?lT>c.
CHEESE— mild new. ll@ll%c: old,
10@10%c; Cream Cheddar, 12<<?12%c; Young j
America. 11%512%c; Eastern, 11%@14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@16%c per doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Good Strawberries sold at $I@l 50 per drawer,
but poor stock was offered down to sQ@7sc.
Fine Oranges are doing better again, being In
small supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75@$1 25 for common, $1 50<3>l 75 per j
box for No. 1 and $2@2 50 for choice to fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25<SS 50
per box; Seedlings. $I@l 75; Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 50@2; Mandarins. ; Lemons, 75c j
<gl 50 for common and $2®2 50 for good to !
choice; Mexican Limes, $4 50@5; California j
Limes, 75c@81 per small box; Grape Fruit. $1 50 i
'y3. Bananas, $1 60*1j:2 50 per bunch; Pineap
ples, $2®4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Almost all descriptions were firm. A few
changes in Prunes and Nuts will be observed.
DRIED FRUITS Prunes, 7c for 40-60 s, 5®
5%c for SO-60's, 4@4%c for 60-70*8, 3»4@34c for
70-SO's. 2%@3c for 80-90's, 2%@2}*c for 90-100"s
and 2®2Vic for 100-110's; Peaches, 8%(g > 3%c for
good to choice, 10c for fancy and for peeled;
Apricots. 12%@15c for Royals and for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples. B%@9c: sun dried. .
6@5%c; Black Figs, sacks. 2@2Hc; Plums,
nominal. 2c for unpitted: Pears, nominal.
RAISINS — 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seed- j
less Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels
and |1 20 tor London Layers; Dried Grapes,
21i(?3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts, F^Rc
for hardshell. lo@llc for softshell; Almonds,
S-f?9c for hardshell ; 12@13c for iftshell, 14W16C
for paper shell: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and j
4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5035.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9c |
for lower, grades: water white extracted, 7M. I
@Thbc: light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 555%0 !
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2SO27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ?c per lb for heary.
RU@9c for light medium, 10%-gilc for light,
12c for extra light and 12V4013C for sugar
cured: Eastern Sugar-cured Haras, 10U#Ho;
California Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $12@12 £0 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $13 50: Family Beef.
$11 50ijjl5; extra prime Pork, $12; extra clear,
$18; mess. $16; Smoked Beef, 10%@llc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5@3%c per lb fur
compound and 7%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure I%'Sfc; 10-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins, B%e.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6<&@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. lib palls. 60 in a case, »ijc;
3-lb rails. 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in
a case. *H4o: 10-lb palls. 6 In a case. S%c;
50- lb tins, lor 2ln a case, 7%c: wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net. $.%c: fancy tubs, SO lbs net,
7%c; half-barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands serl
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium. 9c; light. S@S%c; Cow
hides, B%@9e; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c: dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10980 c each: short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
Soc@sl 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for Email; Colts* 25@500 for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3>4<g-3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2 : * t '?T3c: refined. 4\@sc; Grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months. 799 c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months. B©9c: Foothill and Northern free. 10
©lie; Foothill and Northern defective, 9Jj!llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 10
ft; 0 Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9 (311
Northern Mountain 7 @10
Southern 6 @ 7%
Plains 6 @7
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10@lIc per lb for ordinary,
12@12% for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton. Lamb and Veal are a fraction off.
Beef Is steady and unchanged. Hogs are weak,
but no lower.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@B per lb.
VEAL— Large, 6@7c; small. 7@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Be; Ewes, 7'§!7Hc per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 10@11c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, sVi@s%c for small, s^c
for medium and . r )®sV4c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4<g'4iic; dressed Hogs, 7@Bc.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcuttta Grain Bags, r.'jc for June
and July; Wool Bags. 26@2Sc; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, *S; Southtleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, ,
$6; Bryant, $8; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, SS; Cumberland, IS In bulk and $9 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $5 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in backs.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, b%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5',4c; Con
fectioners" A, oVic; California A. 4%c; Magnolia
A. 4%c; Extra C, 4 SiC; Golden C, 2 c; half
barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes, l;^c '
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels I
or its equivalent. j
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, March 27.
Flour, qr sks 3,4BB|Hay, tons.'.' 584
Barley, ctls I.97slStraw, tons 17
Corn, ctls. East. 8,000 Eggs, doz 16.560
Butter, ctls 21S'\Vine, gals 51,000
Cheese, ctls 10 Leather, rolls 64
Beans, sks 286 Hides, no 298
Potatoes, sks Pelts, bdls 117
Onions, sks- 455] Sugar, bbls 150
Middlings, sks.... 828 Sugar, sks 3,165
Alfalfa Seed. sks. 4S i
OREGON,
Flour, qr ska 12.072 Hay, tons 10 |
Oats, ctls.... 2,330 Onions, sks 353 I
Potatoes, sks 9,870
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 20;
. . .- . - - ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the mornlner session of th<» Bond Bxchaaga
the sugar stocks ted in activity and were steady
to firm, there being no loss in value. The
other docks were quiet and featureless.
Mining stocks shewed no particular change
and were quiet. The old fire in the Consoli
dated California and Virginia mm« was report
ed extinguished, as will be spf.-n below.
For the week ending March 24 the minrs of
Eureka and neighboring districts in Nevada
shipped the following amounts of ore by rail:
Diamond mine, 142.470 pound*; Eureka Consoli
dated, 79, 950 pounds; Jackson, 33,890 pounds;
Richmond, 38.710 pounds.
The Giant Powder Company has declared its
fourth monthly dividend of 50c per share, paya
blt on the lOtb of April.
The Jamison mine, in Plumas County, will
pay a dividend of 511,700 on April 15. This is
the third dividend In eighteen months, and Is
at the rate of 3c per share.
The official report from the Consolidated Cal
ifornia and Virginia mine states that the Com
etock Pumping Association was engaged in the
following work at the C. and C. shaft during
the past week. 1400-foot level— Ail of th«
I heavy and dangerous ground at the point of in
tersection with the northwest and southwest
I drifts has been carefully retimbered and Is now
1 quite safe. The drift to connect with the old
stopes has been started and Is now at a point
409 feet west of the C. and C. shaft 1400-foot
station. This drift will be run a little south
of west for 300 feet and is Intended to connect
with crosscut No. 2, that was started 15 feet
south of the old Consolidated Virginia shaft
and run 300 feet about due east. 1650 level—No
work has ' been done on this level
during the week. 1750 ' level — bulk
head that was placed in this drift 400
feet west of the shaft was removed and the
drift carefully examined. The water that was
turned in from the 1650 level in the neighbor-
I hood of the last fire was found to have thor
! oughly drenched and flooded this level. Several
tons of fine rock, timber and charcoal were
washed down from the old stopes and deposited
on this level. The drift has been cleaned out,
repaired and track laid Into the first winze
that connects with the ISOO and 1850 stopes.
This winze is at a point Just south of the
northwest drift and in from the C. and C. shaft
712 feet. The winze station was partially re
paired before the fire. The repairs will be
completed and the old compressor and air hoist
formerly used at this point will be repaired and
i put in position for the required work in the
winze.
In the old Central - tunnel workings of the
Ophlr mine during the past week crosscut No.
1 was extended six feet: total length, twenty
feet, but nothing of value was found. Cross
cut No. 2. started at a point 180 feet northwest
of the main. west, dritt. or fifty-four feet from
the first ■ -osscut. is now in eight feet. The
crosscut was started in solid quartz; the face
Is now in quartz, clay and porphyry. The
wes>t drift that was connected with the north
west vein has been cleaned out and repaired
fifty-seven feet; total length, eighty-three feet.
This is the drift that Is Intended for an airway.
Work has been continued on the Sutro tunnel
connection, and the drift extended eight feet;
total length, thirty-nine feet;, face in hard
porphyry.
In the Hale and Norcross mine the work
of cleaning out and repairing the connecting
drift between the main Incline and the Sutro
i tunnel south lateral - branch Is progressing
I favorably.
In the Sierra Nevada mine the north drift
started at a point 457 feet northwest from the
140-foot level station of the shaft was ad
vanced ten feet during the week: total length,
243 feet; face In quartz which assays $1 60 to
$2 50 per ton. At a point 223 feet north from
the west drift have started a raise to con
nect with the Rlley tunnel and have advanced
the same sixteen feet. Said raise when com
' pleted will give ventilation for exploring the
1 ground IGO feet vertically under the Rlley tun
nel. " On the 900-foot level of the Union shaft
workings of the Sierra Nevada, the south drift
from the top of the raise, eighty feet above
this level was advanced ten feet during the
week; total, 122 feet; face In porphyry.
In the Best and Belcher and Gould and
Curry mines work on the connection between
the Sutro tunnel branch and the Osblston
shaft was continued during the week and
enough debris removed to enable them to start
the work of retimberlng the station. Part of
the station sets are Intact, so that but four
sets will be required to repair the station and
put it in first-class condition.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, March 27—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 7% f>%
4s quar coup.. — 114 t Mutual El Co. 15 15*»
if quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 49Vi 60 j
is quar new... — 129V(|Pac Gas Imp. S3 84
3s quar coup..lo7%luS Pac LCo 47V* 48Vi
i Miscellaneous— is FG & E S3»i 84
Cal-st Cab 65. 115 116 San Fran Stfe 3%
Pal Elec L 65.125Vi127«4 Stockton Gas.. 10 —
C C Wat 65.. ..108% — I insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund.22o 225
E L & P 65.. 132 — i Bank Stocks—
V & Cl Ry 6b. 116 — Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Cat.. 257 257%
H C & S 5%5. — 105 Cal SD & T.. 98U —
L A L Co 65.. — — ! First Nationl.22o 225
Do gntd .101 101 Lon P & A...129H133
Market-st 65..12S — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M os.ll* — N'ev Nat 8k...177H —
NCN G R 75.107 — | Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65..113!!4n4Vi Ger S & L... — 1675
N Ry Cal 65. .113 — 'Hum S & L.1050 1160
Nl'C R R 6s. — 107 'Mutual Say. — 41%
■NP CR R F.5.102M, — .'s F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 58.101*4105 Is & L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 55.. 109 — Security S B3«i 360
Om CRy 65...125>4 — Union T C 0..1460. .1460 —
P & Cl Ry 65.. 108% — > Street Railroads—
P & O 6s 117 — I California .... — 135
Powell-st 65... — 121% Geary 45 -
Sac El Ry ss. — — I Market-st .... 62% 63U
SF& N P ss. 111% — !oak S L&H. - —
SF & S JVos.ll6 116% Presidio 11 —
PierraßCal 6s.lO4V;l<v,w, Powder—
B P of Ar 65. .112 112% California .... — 195
S PC 6s (1905)1133i114'-i E Dynamite... 99 —
HP'- 6s (1906)115% — . Giant Con Co. 60Vi 60ri
SPC 6s (1912)122% — Vigorlt 2% 2?4
SPCIs eg ss.ios — ! Sugar—
B P Br 65......125U126Vi Hana P C 0.... 17% 18%
S V Water 65.116%117 Haw C&SC. 84 84%
S V Water 4s. 103*4 — 'Hutch S P Co. 32% —
S V \V4s<.VJm>.H>l»i,lolVPaauhau S P. 33 39Vi
Stktn Gas 65..102%103% Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac A55n..109%110
Contra Costa.. 63% — Ger Ld Wk5...250 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. so —
Spring Valley. 102\i — Oceanic S Co.. 75 —
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor C 0.106. 106 —
Cent Gaslight. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P... 7'/i — I
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 109 37%
50 Contra Costa Water, a 30 <i 350
75 Contra Costa Water 63 50
200 Equitable Gas 8 25
10 Equitable Gas 8 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 82 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 81 75
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 82 25
10 Market Railway 63 00
150 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
20 Paauhau S P Co 39 37%
50 Paauhau s p Co 39 12%
70 Pacific Gas Imp 83 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 00
6 S V Water 102 25
Street—
50 c a l Safe Deposit 96 50
100 Equitable Gas 7 87%
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds... 113 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Alaska Packers' Association 109 75
10 Bank of California 257 25
$5000 Contra Costa Water bonds 109 00
100 Contra Costa Water, s 30 63 30
150 Contra Costa Water 63 75
60 Equitable find 8 25
65 Equitable Gas 8 37%
66 Equitable Gas 8 50
60 Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
400 Hana Plantation Co 17 874
150 Hana Plantation Co IS 00
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 83 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 82 87%
6 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S3 124
65 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar S3 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 50
20 Hutchinson S P Co 32 25
111 Market-st Railway 63 00
10 Market-st Railway 62 87%
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
$19,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 113 00
100 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
150 Paauhau S P Co 39 12%
$1000 S V 6 per cent bonds 116 75
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtg») 101 50
$2000 S F & S J V bonds 116 00
SSOOO S P of C 6 per rent bonds (1905).... 114 00
19000 S P of A bonds 112 25
20 S V Water, b 5 102 37%
Street—
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 82 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
'Board —
25 Central Light & Power 7 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co 32 374
26 Hutchinson S'P Co 32 50
25 Oceanic S S Co 74 75
$2000 S V 4 per cent (3d mtge) 101 50
20 Market-st Railway , 62 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Equitable Gas 8 12%
25 Equitable Gas 8 2.'
25 Equitable Gas 8 37%
25 Equitable Gas 8 50
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 62%
10 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
75 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta 15 1 200 Hale A- Norcrs. 39
200 Andes 21 600 Kentuck 11
100 Andes 22 50 Mexican 81
COO Belcher 54 ! 500 Occidental 31
700 Belcher 62 j 100 Ophir 125
100 Belcher 63 700 Overman 22
000 Best & Belcher 67 300 Overman 23
200 Challenge 43 1000 Savage 35
300 Choi I 42 200 Sierra Nev 130
400 Con Cal & V...2 25 1 400 Sierra Nev 1 35
600 Con New York. 031 200 Union Con 68
1000 Crown Point... 35, 200 Utah 24
300 Crown Point... 36 500 Utah 25
450 Gould & Curry. 4S 100 Yellow Jacket.. 38
100 Gould & Curry. 49
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 15 100 Justice 25
160 Andes 23 1 200 Overman 23
200 Belcher 51 1 700 Potosl 35
600 Belcher 55 ' 400 Potosl 36
100 Best & Belcher 68 800 Savage 35
100 Best & Belcher 69 ! 200 Sierra Nev 1 35
450 Con Cal & V...2 30 ! 500 Union Con 68
200 Crown Point. .. 36 MO Union Con 67
200 Hale & Norcrs. 40. 200 Yellow Jacket.. 38
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta 15 300 Justice 24
200 Andes 20 200 Mexican SI
1100 Andes 21 400 Mexican 80
300 Belcher 47 200 Occidental 32
1100 Belcher 48 200 Occidental 31
300 Belcher 49 ■ 600 Ophlr 12.".
1200 Belcher 60. 300 Overman 21
1200 Belcher 62 200 Overman 20
600 Belcher ........ 68 ' 700 Potosi 35
2300 Belcher 64 1 400 Potosl 34
600 Best & Belcher 67 300 Potosl 33
300 Best & Belcher 66 400 Savage 35
300 Challenge Con. 45 ' 700 Savage 34,
200 challenge Con. 47 1000 Seg Belcher.... 07
200 Con Cal & V...2 30 300 Sierra Nev 1 35
500 Con Cal & V...2 25 200 Sierra Nev...l 82%
400 Con Cal & V.2 22% ! 200 Union Con 70
300 Crown Point... 34 i 1000 Union Con 67
300 Crown Point... 33' 500 Utah ......: 25
200 Gould & Curry. 5l! 300 Yellow Jacket.. 35
600 Gould & Curry. 60 700 Yellow Jacket.. 38
300 Hale & Norcrs. 88. 800 Yellow Jacket.. 37
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha Con 10 1&00 Exchequer 03
300 Alta 15 500 Exchequer 04
200 Andes .. 22 300 Gould & Curry. 60
1566 Belcher *::::.::. 54 700 Hale & Norcrs. 40
300 Belcher 56 1 500 Mexican . S2
300 Belcher 65 \ 400 Occidental 32
400 Best & Belcher 68 ( 200 Ophir 1 ; 5
300 Caledonia 50 600 Overman 23
; 400 Chollar 42 600 Potos 34
300 Choi lar 44 ' 500 Potos 3..
200 Con Cal & V...2 30,1500 Potosl 3b
, 200 Confidence 120 $00 Seg Belcher.... OS
. ! 1000 Con Imperial... 02 500 Un on C0n...... 67
' 1000 Con Imperial... 03 1 200 Union Con 68
200 Con New York. 04 500 Utah ......... »
500 Crown Point... 37 300 Yellow Jacket.. 37
400 Crown Point... 36 500 Yellow Jacket.. 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. • ■"•■.-:■ 4; A 3£
Alpha Con 09 11 Justice 27 23
Alta 14 16 Kentuck ....... 10 11
: Andes 22 23 Lady Wash.... — 0*
i Belcher 53 65 Mexican 81 82
! Best & Belcher 68 63 Occidental 31 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophlr 1-£ 1 *■'
Caledonia 60 62 Overman I- «
! Chollar 43 44JPotosl 3a -6
\ Challenge Con. 48 49 Savage *> •>?
i Confidence 1151 25 Scorpion — <£
I Con Cal & V...2 30 2 35iSeg Belcher.... 0i 06
Con Imperial...- 02 03! Sierra Nev 1301 40
; Crown Point... 34 3o[silver Hill 0o 06
Con New York. 02 - Syndicate — *>»
Eureka C0n.... 40 —'Standard 2Jo —
I Exchequer — 04 i Union Con 67 6S
' Gould & Curry. 51 62! Utah 23 *•*
Hale & Norcrs. 40 41 ! Yellow Jacket.. 3, si
Julia 03 04
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to George
S. (rim lot on W line of Utah street, 25 fa of
Fifteenth (El Dorado). S 50 by W 100; ——.
Same to Henry J. Crocker, lot on SE corner
of Nineteenth (Butte) and Kansas streets 3
60, E 168, NE to point N to Nineteenth, W *»j
also lot on W line of Kansas street, »7 S o
Nineteenth, W 100. S 153:4. SE to point N 166,
also lot on NE corner of Nineteenth and Kan
sas streets, N 241:8 by E 100; -.
Mary J. Brennan to Peter E. Brennan. lot
on S line of California street, 95 \V of Nine
teenth avenue, W2sby S 100: gift. .
Sunnyslde Land Company and California Title
Insurance and Trust Company to Robert Adam
son, lot on NW line of Circular avenue, 63:10^,
NE of Sunnyslde, N 71:0%, B 75. S to Circular
avenue. S\V 84:7^, block 45, Sunnyside; $10.
Annie Kennedy to Margaret M. Kennedy
(daughter), lot on NW corner of San Bruno
and Silver avenues, N 150. .XV 274, S 150, E 254,
being block 12, tract A, People's Homestead
Association; also lot on W line of Silver ave
nue, 310:9 NE of San Bruno, NE 140, NW 140:2,
SW 179:10, SE 179:2; gift.
Daniel Harris to Elizabeth H. Harris (daugh
ter), lots S. 11 and 12, block 2, West End map 1:
also lot on S line of Sixth avenue, 100 E of M
street, E 100 by S 100, block 122. Central Park
Homestead; also ail property wherever situ
ated; gift.
Johannah Stokes to Mary J. O'Connor, lot on
S line of Filbert street, 147 E of Buchanan, E
2.', by S 137:6; also lot on S line of Filbert
street 172 E of Buchanan, E 3 by S 137:6; also
lot on S line of Filbert street, 212:6 W of La-
Kuna. W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Robert K. and Emma L. Palache to Sarah W.
Lumbard. lot on N line of Green street, 107:6
AY of Scott, W 30.-1.; ny N 137:6; $10.
Lenora T. Handley to James L. Wilson, lot
on S line of Page street, 106:3 E of Shrader,
E 25 by S 137:6; $2500.
James B. Hughes to Hannah M. Hughes
(wife of J. B. ). lot on W line of York street,
182 9 of Twenty-fourth, S 26 by W 100; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Hilda
Norton, Bertha, Rose. Samuel, Manuel P.,
Robert and Martin Berwin. lot on E line of
Howard street, 221 S of Seventeenth, S 24 by E
122:6; .
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to George B.
Rosewell, lot on N line of Twentieth street,
75 W of Noe, W 25 by N 98; $10.
Jacob and Ltna Heyman to Jacob Hauser,
lot on N line of Alvarado street. 150 \V of
Douglass, W 25 by N 114, lot 12. Heyman
Tract: $10. - ; •:
Mary Sleavin to Gerd Schomaker, lot on NW
line of Bryant street, 275 NE of Fourth, NE
33:9 by NW SO; $10.
Estate of John L. Porter (by executor) to
City and County of San Francisco, lot on NW
line of Biuxome street, 250 SW of Fourth.
SW 50 by NW 120; $5000.
Margaret L. Heineken (Wtldbalm) and Albert
C. Helneken to Solomon Getz, lot on E line of
Twentieth avenue, 225 S of A street, S 50 by
E 120; $10.
D. A. and Stella B. Sweeney to P. P. Quinn.
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 279. Sof M
street. S 68.3 by W 120: $10.
Johanna Fischer to Kate Hartley, lot on W
line of Thirteenth avenue, 278 S of M street,
S 50 by W 120, warranty deed: $1200.
John Mogan to Joseph A. Megan, lot 31. block
621; Haley purchase. W of and adjoining Hud
son Tract: $10.
Bay View Land- Company to Bengt I. and
Anna Nilsnn. lots ■'■ and 6, block 559, Bay Park
Homestead Association; grant.
Caroline B. Watson to Owen Moore. lot on E
line of Goettingen street. 100 S of Burrows. S
68 by E 120, lots 9 and 10. block 19. Railroad
avenue Extension Homestead; $10.
Owen Moore to John B. and Margarete Cail
leux, undivided half of same: $10.
Alameda County.
William N. Price to Magpie Price, lot on N
line of Marlposa street, 200:8 W of Grove. W 23 j
by N 135, being the E 25 feet of lot 11, block.
2. McKee Tract, Oakland: $10.
Maggie Price to William N. Price, lot on N
line of Mariposa street, 225:S W of Grove, XV
25 by N 13. being the W25 feet of lot 11. block
2, same. Oakland: $10.
W. E. and Matilda P. Barnard to R. H.
Parkison, subdivision B and N half of subdi
vision C of lot 36, Glen Echo Tract, on map of
resubdivided lots 7. 9 and 9, subdivision 36,
Glen Echo Tract. Map 3. Oakland; $10.
R. H. and Mary E. Parkison to H. E. Parki
son, same. Oakland; $10.
E. H. and Fannie H. Lohmann to Lucinda C.
Tucker, lot on g line of Thirty-fourth street, i
191:6 W of Telegraph avenue. W 26:6 by S 123. j
being portion plat 10, rancho V. and D. Per- ■
alta, Oakland; $10.
M. and E. E. Rlnehart to Hiram Vail, lot on j
NW line of Claremont avenue. 215.60 NE from :
point of intersection of Claremont avenue
with E line of Telegraph avenue, NF 25 by
NW 71.53. S 34. E 69, SE 66.60 to beginning, i
being portion block A. Vicente Peralta Reser- I
vation Tract at Temescal. Oakland; $10.
J. M and K. E. Kimberlin to Charles N.
Crittenton, lots 29, 31, 42. 43 and 44. block C,
also lots 85, 86 and 87, block F. Beulah Park
Camp Meeting Tract. East Oakland: $225.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Henry F.
Peterson, lot on W line of San Pablo avenue,
325 N of Allston way, N 11 by W 135. being the
S 11 feet of lot 10, block 101, Allston Tract.
Berkeley; $5.
Henry Z. Jones to Mary Agnes Fritz, lots 1 i
and 2, block B, Allendale Annex, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Emily K. Latham (by attorney) to H. B.
Houghton and H. F. Gordon (trustees ),
lots 4 and 5, block C, Latham Terrace, Brook
lyn Township: $10.
William and Jennie R. Cater to .Toslah Gar
ratt, lots 32 and 33. Seminary-avenue Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Laura E. Whltver to Alameda Savings Bank,
lot on W line of Park street. 301.02 N of Clin
ton avenue, S 50.17, W 83.65, n 50, E 87.95 to
beginning, Alameda; $1, etc.
Jane Moore to Robert P. Foster, lot on SW
line of East Twenty-fifth street, 170.42 NW of
Fourteenth avenue. NW 35 by SW 120. block
151, Clinton, East Oakland (subject to mortgage
for $1775); $225.
John and Meta Burgoyne to John O'Laugh
lin. lot on S line of Central avenue, 675 E of
High street. E 50 by S 125:6, being lot 31, Haw
ley Tract, Alameda; $10.
Emma L. Wnwnc to Arthur E. and Annie J.
Goodban. lot en SW corner of Washington
street and Merrill avenue, XV 55 by S 120. being
lots 9 and 10. block B, Fruitvale Terminal
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Arthur L. Gutterson to Minnie M. Gutterson,
lot on W line of Castro street, 53:9 S of Six
teenth. S 50 by W 100, block 264, Oakland
(quitclaim deed); $10.
August T. Arens to Hattie Arens, lot on SW
corner of Sixteenth and Union streets. S 50 by
W 115, being lot 7. block .".S5, Oakland (quit
claim deed); ?5.
A W. Naylor (trustee Associated Charities,
Town of Berkeley) to Mary Jucksch, 636 d 218,
lot on E line of Sixth street, 226:3 S of Holyoke.
E 120 by S 75. block E. Tract B. Berkeley Land
and Title Insurance Association, Berkeley
(deed of reconveyance); $1.
George and Ann McCarthy to F. N. Enright,
lot on N line of Edwards street. 450 E of Tele
graph avenue. E 50 by N 125. being lot 10, Pa
cific Theological Seminary Tract. Oakland; $10.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to M.
Rlnehart. lot on E line of Telegraph avenue.
fi6.RO N of Suiter street, N 45.40 by E 150. being |
lot C, Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract at
Temescal. Oakland; $10.
William H. and Louise O. Lockingrton to
George W. Austin, all interest in following:
Lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth and Magno
lia streets, E 53:3 by S 101. being lots 27 and
28. block 631, map of Adeline-street lots. Oak
land; also lot on N line of Alvord street. SO E
of Dwinelle, E 40 by N 127. being lot IS, block
1, Case Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
P. H. Reardon (owner) with Russell & Stahl
(contractors), architect M. J. Welsh. All work i
for a two-story frame residence on W line of j
Flllmore street, 60 N of Page, N 44 by W 110
--$2945.
. Charles Franzoi (owner) with Andrew Chris
tensen (contractor), architect Joseph XV. Row
ell. Carpenter, joiner and mill work, roofing
tin work, plastering, glazing, hardware and
patent flues for a three-story frame building
(nine flats) on NE corner of Jones and Wash
ington streets. E 128:9 by N 50; $11,000.
Mary C. Williams (wife of Charles H., owner)
with Charles M. Lindsay (contractor), archi
tect R. H. White. All work for a two-story
frame buidlng on SW line of Ninth street
135 SE of Folsom, SE 25 by SW 100, Mission
block 1; $2950. -^- ■■■•- \-
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
SAN TABLO BAY, CALIFORNIA.
The three-pile beacon, red and black hori
zontal stripes, at entrance to Mare Island
Strait. California, was removed and rebuilt
March 22. near its old position on the end of
the shoal. In 12 feet of water. North head
Karqulnes Strait, east % south, northeast cor
ner Magazine wharf, northwest ft north. Mare
Island Lighthouse, west H north, distant 1120
yards.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1898," pate 23.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. BEBREE, Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse Dlstriot.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States HydngraphU W
Office located in the Merchants Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the b-nefit of
mariners without regard to nationality anl
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th»
office where complete sets of charts ani Fa
Ing directions of the world are kept on hi-i
'or comparison and reference, and the Ul •
information can always be obtained res- •
lights, dangers to navigation and all nuttfr?
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street, in r
about ten minutes before noon and dnir:
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic slgna. -„.
oeived each day from the United States Nv.gj
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropsy
on time or giving the error. If any. is ru
in the morning papers the following day
Lieutenant. U S. S., In
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic -
Times and Heights of High and l »
Waters at Fort Point, entranc t
Francisco Bay. Published by official a u .
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters cccv- at
the city front (Mission street wharf)
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort p.- •
the height of tide, is the same at botr
TUESDAY, MARCH
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rises !
CJ Time Time
» I Ft. 1
»LW H W
28 ... 6:0. 0.2 12:41
M TV L W
IH Wl _vv
0:111 6.7 6:49
0:45 6.7 7:36
1:26 5.8 8:33
216 5.6 9:34
2 ...I 3:141 6.G 10:40
3 .... 4:27] 5.4 11:45
6:1
Ft.
12:41
I Time rime
I Ft. Ft. - '~t
______ cw j
[ 4.8 5:55 1.9 " ' *
1 IH W L Wl"""
I 0.0 1:31 4.:; 6:34 2 ;
I 0.2 2:30 451 716! J .
i 0.2 3:39 iX S;'G •■ c,
!— o.2' 4:50 . 4.3' 9:14! j°i
1-0.21 6:02 4.4 10:35 3 ,
—0.1 " ' x - 4.6! I*. 551 j 9
NOTE— In the above exposition of v- .
the early morning tides are Riven In •
hand column and the successive t!d»« • ,-,,
day in th° order of occurrence as to tlnw
second time column gives the second
the day the third time column th<> thii
and the last or right hand column fcivi
last tide of the day, except where thor- >
three tides, as sometimes occur. Th<> •
given are additions to the soundings
United States Coast survey charts.
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The pi
reference Is the mean of the lower low \
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
! Due.
Fttrlckdale China and Japan Mar. :
Coquille River. Grays Harbor Mar. 2
tVyefield Nanaimo Mar.?
Australia Honolulu — Mar. :
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Ma 2
Pomona Humboldt Mar.:
Fulton Portland Mar. 2
Curacao Mexico Mar. :
Corona San Diego Mar. 3
City of Sydney. Panama Mar 2
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Mar. ?.
Luella Tillamook Mar '
Signal Grays Harbor Mar. .1
Mackinaw Tacoma Ma- 3
Point Arena (Point Arena Mar."
Areata Coos Bay , Mai 3
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar."
Columbia Portland 'Max 5
Orizaba Newport Mar
Chllkat Humboldt Mar.;
Crescent City... [Crescent City Apl.
Townsend Coquille River Apl.
Nippon Mara... China and Japan lApl.
Wellington Departure Bay \pl.
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Apl.
Santa Rosa San Diego Apl.
Mlneola Nanaimo : Apl.
North Fork Humboldt |Apl.
Weeott Coos Bay .. Apl.
Coos Bay Newport Apl.
State of Cal Portland ..'.Apl.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, I Destination, 1 Sails. I Pier.
Steamer.
Destination.
Colon IPanama (Mar. 2*. 12 mIPMSS
Weeott Yaquina Bay. l Mar. 28. 5 Pier 13
Coos Bay... [Newport Mar. 29. 9 am]Pl.r 11
State Portland IMar. 29. 10 amlPier 24
Aloha Point Arena.. [Mar. 29, 3 pmiPler 2
Pomona ....Humboldt Mar. 30, 2 pml Pier 0
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports. Mar. 30, to ami Pier 21
Corona San Diego Mar. 31, 11 am Pier 11.
Umatilla ..'Vic & Pgt Sd.'Apl. 1, 10 am Pier __
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apl. 1. 3pm Pier __
Chilkat Humboldt Apl. 1. 2 Pier I'M
: Areata ! Coos Bay j Apl. 1, 10 am Pier VJ_
!A. Blanch' d 1 Coos Bay Apl. 1. Ipm Pier !■
-Orizaba Newport Apl. 2. 9am ri»r 11 1
Columbia .. Portland Apl. 3, 10 amlPier 24 *•}
Santa Rosa San Diego |Apl. 4. 11 am Pier 11
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographle Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' 'Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
March 27. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W S HUGHES..
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. March 27.
Stmr Lacuna, Erricson. 61 flours from. San
Pedro. '-. -.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 66 hours from Co
lumbia River. -'•■■■'
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, 72 hours from New
port (8), etc.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwiok, 4' days from Port
land and way ports.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka. MU.IIP
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 74 hours fm
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 30 hours from ; Alcatraa
Island.
Pchr Corinthian, Korth, 24 hours from Bowen*
Landing.
CLEARED.
Monday, March 27.
Stmr Walla, Walla. Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br ship Leicester Castle, Taltal; Balfour.
Guthrle & Co.
Br ship British General, Thomas, Royal
Roads; W R Grace & Co.
Ship Geo Skolfleld. Marshall. Labasba Bayl
Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Monday, March 27.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
. Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr George W Elder. Hlnkle. Astoria.
Stmr Laguna, Ertsccon.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay
Ship Centennial, Christiansen. Cooks Inlet
Chil thlp Temuco, Svenson. Victoria.
Schr Uettie Low. Low. Point Reyes.
CHARTERS.
The Annie Johnson loads mdse for Hlloj
Strathdon, redwood at this port for United
Kingdom: Tropic Bird, mdse for Tahiti.
The Dalgonar loads wheat at Tacoma lor
Europe.
SPOKEN.
March 3, 2 N. 30 W— Br ship City of Athens,
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
March 2. on equator, 30 W— Br ship Scottish
Isles, from Caleta. Buena. for Falmouth.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. March 25— Ger stmr 'Africa, from
Now Orleans, spoke Br ship Knight Com
mander, from Vancouver, for Belfast: short
of provisions and supplies. *'Jt ;.\ ;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 27. 10 p m— Weather >-
hazy; wind SW; velocity 6 miles. • • V*
DOMESTIC PORTS. . X. '
EUREKA— Arrived March Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria; Ptmr Pomona, hence March 25.
Sailed March 27— Schr Fortuna and stmr3
North Fork and Alliance, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March Stmr Bruns
wick, .hence March 23.
TACOMA— Arrived March 26— Stmr Tacoma,
from Hongkong.
Sailed March 26— Stmr City of Topeka, for
D.yea.
ASTORIA— March 27— Ger bark Ecua
dor, for Queenstown.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived March 27 — Schf
Marlon, from Seattle.
Sailed March Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 26— Stmr Huh
boldt, from Dyea. March 27— Stmr Cottag*
City, from Dyea: stmr Dlrlgo, from Juneau, IB
tow of tun Pioneer.
FORT BRAGG— March 27— Stmr No**
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— March 27-Schf
Newark, hence March 26.
USAL— Arrived March 25— Stmr Newsboy,
hence March 24.
Sailed March Schr Neptune, for San Fran
cisco. March 27— Schr Edward Parke, for San
Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived March 27— Schr
Vega, from Port Blakeley; stmr Grace Dollar,
from Grays Harbor.
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived March 26— Stmr Al
catraz, from Coos Bay. March 27— Stmr Hu
eneme. from Eureka. March 25— Stmr West
port, from . ' : ''J^'
Sailed March 27— Stmr W estport. for — -.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up March 27—
Schr Annie Larten, hence March 11. for Ta
coma- schr Ivy. hence March 7. for Olympla;
stmr Cottage City, from Dyea, for Seattle.
Arrived March Stmr Farallon, from Dyea.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed March Stmr Cura
cao, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed March 25— Br stmr Aorangl,
for Vancouver. #■*.!(•
ALGOA BAY — Arrived March 26 — Shir
Ecllnse. from Port Gamble. 'm
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed March 24— stmr Em
press cf Japan, for Vancouver. March 25—
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, for San Francisco.
HAKODATE— March 26— Schr Robert
Searles. for San Francisco. • .
NAGASAKI— To sail March 28— Stmr Sena
tor, for San Francisco.NOW REAPING
THE FRUITS
OF HER SIN
Sad Story of a Run
away Wife.
HER LOVE TURNED TO HATE
ALFRED NICKELLS, HORSE
TRAINER, IN COURT.
Charged With Threatening to Kill
His Wife. Nora. Who Has
Sued Him for Ali
mony.
Alfred Kickells, horse-trainer for Prince
Poniatowski, appeared before acting Po
lice Judge Barry yesterday on a charge
of threats against life preferred by his
wife, Nora, who lives at 315 Faxton ave
nue, Ingleside.
The threats were alleged to have taken
place on March 12.
• When- the case was called it was dis
covered that no complaint was on tile.
Attorney Frank Drury, who represented
Mrs;. Xickells, stated that he had made
one out and the Judge said he Remem
bered signing it. Attorney Drury suggest
ed, that the "pull" had got in its work
and the Judge continued the case for a
few minutes till a new complaint was
sworn- to.
Mrs. Nickells testified that on March 12 I
her husband came home and asked for
the key of his bedroom. She was busy at j
the time and told him to wait. Finally |
she gave him the key and as he was j
walking- through the dining-room she re
marked, "You had better make yourself
look pretty," and ho rushed at her and
said he would do her up now. She rushed I
out of tire house to save herself. Nickells |
denied threatening to kill her and said he
was angry because his meal was not
ready. The Judge dismissed the case on
■ NickeHs 1 promise that he would keep
away from his wife in future.
An attempt was made to introduce other ;
• evidence of threats and Mrs. Nickells had |
Martin Mullen, a boy, to corroborate her
testimony, but the Judge declined to al
low the evidence to be heard, much to
Mrs. Nickells' disappointment.
Mrs. Nickells, through her attorney,
Frank i rury. instituted suit in the Su
perior Court yesterday gainst her hus
band for alimony, and when the case is
tried some interesting disclosures will be
made, as she is determined to expose her
.husband for all he has made her suffer.
"He has treated me brutally for years,"
she said yesterday, "and on February 5,
In the presence of the boy. Martin Mul
len, and his daughter he seized a carving
krvife and rushing at me called me vile
names ar.d said he -would cut out my
heart and walk on it. His daughter
pulled him back and told him not to kill
me, as the boy would be a witness. Then
he sat down and cried and made another
rush at- me, tearing out my hair. For
two weeks after that he compelled me to
sleep on a hard sofa with a rug for a
covering. Then he apologized, and, wife
like, I forgave him.
•'I met Nickella in my husband's hotel,
Burke and Russell streets, Melbourne,
Australia, twelve years ago. My hus
band's name was Willmore. Nickella
then represented himself as a single man,
although I afterward found out that he
had deserted a wife and three young
children in England. I • [oped with him
nine years ago. taking- with me $40,000 and
about $1000 worth of jewelry. We came to
-this country and lived together- as man
ar.-l wife. Nickells purchased racehorses
with my money ar.d squandered it all.
"Four" years ago he learned that his
wife had died in England and I asked
him to do right by me, as my. husband
rhad died a year after I deserted him, and I
w.e were jrinrripd in Oakland. Recently ',
r.nc of his daughters came from England i
and"* since then my life, has been a tor- j
jnent. He has never since I knew him i
'contributed one cent toward my support, ;
. nr.d has arot money recently • rom me on j
the pretext of buying horses. I have laid
claim to the ' directors of the racetrack
to a half interest in the two horses Ma
mie Scott and The <~'al}fornian and will
assert my rights, as my money helped to
purchase them."
Death of H. W. Davis.
H. W. Davis, deputy constable of San
Pablo, died suddenly in the Winchester
•_ ion Third street, last night Mr.
Davis registered in the hotel about a
week a*?o and has often complained of
being in bad health. T.ast night at about
1 !ock he rang for a messenger boy
and sent for a doctor. Th I t .Imseif
was sirk. so two other physicians were.
eummonfid from the immediate neighbor-
They worked for about half an
but their efforts were fruitless, as
at the end of that time tM< patient
opposed to
ieen due to heart failure.
Manasseh S. Whitney 111.
asseh S. Whitney, one of the early
era of California. Is seriously -111 at
Powell street in this city.
The causej of his precarious condition is
general debility and old ;
Whitney came to this coast when the
of the gold fever agitated the
East. He engaged in business .and held a
prominent position in mercantile circles
In the early seventies, and has been an
active member of the California Society
of Pioneers.
' ' . GBAPE-NUTS.
H V^ THE COST 3
Or MEAT =|
% RICH CREAM %
•£: with
g Grape-Nuts g
£ A charming dish. 3
fiuiittiiuuiu #iv jujujuiui
; : • VALUE OF CREAM.
■ : As Compared With Meat.
One. of the most valuable items in
one's dietary is good, rich cream.* The
remark is frequently made that "cream
is too expensive- to use. freely." Some
•people think they must have meat
every day at 10 and 26 cents per pound
and do not realize that 5 cents worth of
pure cream for breakfast will do more
to put on flesh than 25 or 30 cents worth
of meat*
An ideal. portion of breakfast is that
obtained from Bay, four teaspoons of
JGra'pe-Nuts and a little, pure, thick
cream;- either-cold or hot.
This- is one of the most delicious
-dishes ■" fmaginable and is served
without "cooking or trouble of any kind
apd c.annbt be equaled in point of food
v.-due for the human body.
• Made by the Postum Co., at Battle
• .. Mich. .
. The Grape-Nuts, consisting largely
"of 'grape sugar, have passed through
•pro! esses similar to the first act of di-
ge'stiori and are therefore most easily
digested, and in combination with
cream, .they render the cream itself
easy f -digestion.
•/Grocers sell. Grape-Nuts.
OWNED HOUSES BUT DIED
IN A FILTHY HOVEL
Edward Sweeney Lived in the Rear, Sick and
Superannuated, and Killed Himself in Despair.
•*- DWARD SWEENEY owned a pretty house containing two flats, 734 Capp X
© \~{ street, but .he himself slept and lived and was sick and sore and de- T
± 1^ ppondent and weak-minded in a filthy hovel in the rear. One of the £
*^ J -*^ pretty fiats was occupied by his married son, Peter J. Sweeney, a down- +
£ town salesman, and the other flat was occupied by the old man's wife. He Q
-f- and his wife quarreled about six years ago, and her story is that he refused +
§and his under the same roof with her and insisted story is that the last of X
to live under the same roof with her and insisted on spending the last of
his seventy years of life In a shed in the back yard. The old man was sick q
+ and his wife and son say out of his mind at times. +
q Yesterday morning his son went to the dirty shed to awaken his father Q
4. and found him cold In death. Then he telephoned for an undertaker, and +■
q when the undertaker drew down the dirty bedclothing for the purpose of q
m. taking out the body he saw a bloody wound in the left breast of the corpse +
O and a revolver at the side of the dead man. The weapon was a 3S-caliber Q
+ hammerless Smith & Wesson revolver, and the bullet had evidently pene- +
O trated the heart. : O
+. When the Coroner went to the back yard to hold the Inquest his nostrils +•
?were greeted by a sickening odor, the same in which the old man had spent O
the last of his days. The Jurors and witnesses spread pieces of newspapers +
O on the chairs before they ventured to sit on them— the room had such a V
X sickening, mildewed appearance and odor. ' .; q
*r A verdict of suicide while demented was rendered. . .*-
X O
I^HOXH O ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O+O+O+O*©* O +o+o +O*O ♦ 040 > O ♦ O+O ♦ O+O+B
A SAWED-OFF
MELODRAMA AT
THE ORPHEUM
Six Bounding People
From Russia.
MELBA WINS LOS ANGELES
INCENDIARY MELODRAMA FOR
ALHAMBRA PATRONS.
"The Bohemian Girl" Once More at
The Tivoli— Held-Over Bills
at the Other The
aters.
By Ashton Stevens.
There Is a sawed-off melodrama in
cluded in the Orpheum bill this week
that, while not remarkable in itself, is
at least suggestive of a new scheme In
the short pieces that have become so
popular in the vaudeville houses. This
latest effort is named ''The Counsel for
the Defense," and Is presented by Mr.
and Mrs. William Robyns. It is pecu
liar in that the usual deeds of heroism
and crime do not take place on the
stage; they are told in narrative or else
merely inferred.
An agf-d lawyer who tries to conceal
his softheartedness by means of a gruff
manner, a flowing dressing gown and
a diamond shirtwarmer, ia visited at
his apartments by a young woman
from th.' Bowery. S ne begs him to de
fend the life of her lover, who has been
arrested under suspicious circum
stances and charged with a murder
that is the sensation of the hour. The
lawyer hus read his newspapers and
seems to know all about the case. "I
don't want it," he says. "The fellow
!.- no earthly chance; but I suppose
he has made you believe in his inno
cence."
"Naw; he hasn't said much about it,"
sobs Mollie. "I took de word of him as
done de murder."
"And who was that?"
"Me fadder!"
Then Mollie explains that her parent
is not quite tranquil in his mind—
"nutty" Js the way she diagnoses it in
her gentle dialect— that her •'steady"
can prove ah alibi; that he was far
away in Brooklyn in company with a
sailor on the fateful night of the crime.
"And the sailor," says the now ex
cited lawyer; "he's your only hope
where is he?"
"Me Gawd," Mollie moans, "he put to
sea this mornin'."
After a little agitated by-play the at
torney discovers his telephone, rings up
the signal station at Sandy Hook, to
find that the vessel in which the needed
witness embarked had sailed three
hours ago. More consternation and de
spair from Mollie, until the lawyer is
reminded of Fire Island, and telephones
to the station there to stop the vessel
by flashlight signal and say that a tug
will set out at once to bring back the
sailor. The tug will cost $100. Mollie
has come fresh from the pawnbroker's
with a depleted wardrobe and the
proud sum of $9 47. But by this time
the lawyer's heart has overcome all
professional scruples, and with genial
profanity and sundry eyewipes he
guarantees all the expense. Mollie
Godblesses him in emotional slang, and
the curtain comes down with the infer
ence that all will end well.
Now, this one is not better than most
melodramas, but it is shorter and
serves to show what could be done on
Bimilar lines by an expert dramatist
and first-rate players. Remove the
blood and thunder, leave nothing but
the sentimental Interest, a touch of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1809.
humorous character and the feeling of
suspense, and the best of us could en
joy a thirty-minute dose of melodrama.
The subject invites the attention of all
enterprising vaudeville playwriters.
Th>> rest of the show is "variety"
I purr* and simple, with the large bou
! quet for the Matweef troupe of tum
blers, singers and dancers. They are
Russians; six in number, four males,
one female and one person in female
; attire; and they present an act that
is one steady round of nimbleness and
'. excitement. The men are startling
' dancers, doing a "sitting-down" move
! ment much like that of the two Rus
sian girls who were so successful in
the Orpheum some weeks back, and one
breaking all records for spinning him
self top-fashion. The tumbling is
even as remarkable as the dancing.
Three stand in a tower and fall, not as
it usually is done, but backwards, turn
ing about only when a few inches from
the floor. The Matweefs offer one of
th<= most diverting performances ever
| housed in the Orpheum and are ud for
I a big hit.
Another graceful turn is contributed
by the two Dartos, who give Frenchy
variations to the polite dances of the
day. Manning and Weston <a man and
■1 do a skit that is remarkable for
the boy's singing of popular ballads.
Master Weston has a natural boyish
voice— natural even to springing from
the nose half the time— and makes
quite an impression. By being a llttl"
] PSS self-conscious he would make a
still bigger one. The children of vau
deville seem to be simply senile in self
adulation.
The Pantzer brothers do feats In
head-to-head balancing that are even
more dangerous than those of their
former visit; the rest of the bill is from
last week.
Melba in Los Angeles.
The opera-house In Los Angeles was
crowded to the doors last night to heai
M( Ibaand the Ellis company In "Faust."
Melba had driven through the town and
surrounding country during the day and
her voice was in the pink of form. In thr
j garden and prison scenes she received
tremendous ovations. Bonnard, says the
telegram, was in better shape than when
!n San Francisco. He sang the Faust that
was denied us on account of his iilnes:
and won a considerable share of the hon
! ors of thr night. The box office; taking?.
: for last night and to-night exceed $10,000.
j I^os Angeles will acquaint itself with De
; Lussan's Carmen to-night. She will re
: hat performance in Sacramento on
Thursday night to the most expensive au
-1 dience ever gathered In the Clunie Opera
, house. The Ellis Company gives a con-.
cert programs in Salt Lake on Saturday
! rclght.
Alhambra.
"Saved From the Flames" is the title
i of the melodrama in five acts that was
played in the Alhambra last night by Ag
nes Herndon, Albert A. Andruss and the
regular stock company. Miss Herndon,
assisted by a live baby, did her usual
large emotional acting, and Mr. Andruss
acquitted himself patnetically of the ex
convict hero. Stolen bonds, revolvers and
a burning tenement house are the prin
cipal properties of the plot. The audience
was numerous in the gallery and signified
its joy In a hundred characteristic ways.
Columbia.
The second week of the Bostonians- In
"Rob Roy" commenced last night to a
large audience. Opinions may differ as
to the value of the opera itself, but the
fact remains that the music and fun
seems to please the most of the people.
Days of the Horse Numbered.
The greatest electrician in the work! declares
that the days of the horse are numbered, and
that In a Bhort time electricity will completely
supplant man's most useful animal. In \!d
years, he asserts, the horse will be a curiosity.
| Diseases of the stomach, liver, kidneys and
' blood would al»o be v curiosity if all sufferers
would take Hostetter'R Stomach Bitter?. Thert
would then be practically no dyspepsia, ner
vousnef-a. sleeplessness, indigestion, constlpa
tlon, malarial t;»ver ami aiMie.
"PEGAMOID"
TRADE MARK.
ALUMINUM PAINT
LOOKS LIKE FROSTED SILVER.
A EUROPEAN SUCCESS.
For the Past 7 Tears
FOR ALL USES AND USERS
ON WOOD, GLASS, METAL, STONE, BRICK
and FABRIC SURFACES; makes a perfrci
amalgamation; covers 2 to 1 over any < tiior
paint, stands 60« DEGREES OF HEAT with-
out pealing.
BEAUTIFUL. ARTISTIC. CURABL3,
WASHABLE. Prevents BARNACLES and
FOULING in SALT WATER. CORROSION
and RUST from exposure. Send 25c for SAM-
PLE bottle and pamphlet. "WHAT IS PEUA-
MOSDt"
WESTERN AGENCIES CO.,
a and 62, Chronicle Building. 8. 7.
The performance is lively and pictur- :
esque and the chorus is especially agile
and tuneful this season. The third week
of the engagement Will be devoted to
"The Serenade," the little opera that
I scored a success last season.
Tivoli.
Balfe's tuneful opera, "The Bohemian
Girl," met with an enthusiastic reception i
i at the Tivoli last night." All the old favor
i ites. "I Dreamt That I Dwelt," "Bliss i
Forever Past," "The Heart Bowed j
Down," "When Other Lips" and "The :
Fair Land of Poland." were finely ren
dered and encored. AVilliam Pruette was
Count Arnheim; Gerald Gerome. Thadde
us; Phil Branson, Florestino; Edwin Ste
vrns, Devilshoof; Anna Lichter, Arline;
and Bernice Holmes, the Queen of the
Gypsies.
Alcazar.
The sprightly farce "Nerves" will ac
j complish another big week at the Alca
i zar. judging from the crowd and the en
thusiasm that greeted last night's per
formance. It will be followed by a re
viva! of Belasco's heart-to-heart drama,
"The Charity Ball."
Melodrama In Oakland.
The stock company of Morosco's that
! was so long a favorite with the lovers of j
melodrama in this city i.« now playing an
extonderf engagement at the Dewey Thea
ter in Oakland under the actor-manage
j ment of Landers Stevens. There was a
' large audience last night for the new
bill "The Fire Patrol," which was given
an elaborate production with nearly all ]
the old favorites in the cast. Oakland I
h-is long needed a permanent amusement
i house of this kind, where large audiences
make possible the giving of a good chow
at popular prices.
The Chutes.
Derenda, late of Derenda and Breen,
scored quite a hit; Laurant proved him
self a clever magician; Sherman and Mor
rissey were greeted with roars of laugh
ter in their new act, and the other hold
overs won their usual applause. An ama
teur Trilby dance Is announced for Thurs
day night.
Olympia.
Querita Vincent is Ftill a popular Ping
rr at tho Olympia. She exhausted her
repertoire before last night's audience
would part -»vith her.
Add The Theaters
lan Maclaren.
The sale of reserved Beats for the lec
tures to br delivered by "lan Maclaren"
Lit the California Theater on' Wednesday,
1 ■ Thursday and Friday next will commence.
: on Monday morning at the box office of
the theater.
Printing, engraving, stamping, visiting
cards and wedding invitations at San
born & Vatt's. _
The Coming Fair.
Thp board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute met last night and after th*
transaction of the usual routine bu.sincss
spent the balance of the evening in dis
cussing plans for the fair, which will be
open from September 2 to October 7.
Prominent among the features will be
an exhibit of machinery for the manu
facture of liquid air, which has been .at
tracting so much attention of late. Other
features will bo the motor carriage, weld
ing Iron by electricity, submarine cables,
the manufacture and demonstration of
the explosion of submarine torpedoes and
the latest improvements in electric light
ine. Further action will he taken at the
meeting to be held next week.
Edward Hanlon, the great mana- ;
ger of the champion Baltimores, :
writes about baseball for 1899, in
next Sunday's Call.
A Big Foreclosure.
A decree of foreclosure was nniprorl rn
tered yesterday by Judge Bahrs in favor
of the German Savings and Loan Society
against Caroline Meus.sdorffer, et al., on
five pieces of property, located in this
city, for the sum of $115,621 30.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of ' the well known remedy,
Strut- of Figs, manufactured' by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as .they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy, are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
XOTJISVTLLE, KY. NEW YORK, ST. Y.
For sale by all Druggists. — Price 50c. per bottle,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
625KEABKYKT. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of I'rl vate
DUeuses, Lost Man hood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Hit I n Dlifiiaes. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charge* low
Currneanrontrrd. CallorwMta.
S>r. J. £'- uIBBO>. Box 3»S7.H»ii Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY), AT 11 A. M.
O'FARRELL. NEAR VAN NESS. '
FRANK W. DUTTERFIELD, 667 Market st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PH Mint! 101 7ne 's. s - Australia
SfeflnlC F * lls fnr Honolulu
\9WmkmMmm Wednesday, April 5,
bj™^ at 2 p. m.
ITS^r \' \ s - -S. Mariposa
SffrHTlSniOt) 'a"' **» Honolulu
CylUjllUlliy an( i Auckland for
fnIiIR?H?U- Sydney Wednesday,
VVjflll^Ultq^ April 19, at 10 p. m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez,
England, etc. : JGIO first class.
J 0. BPRECKELS& BROS. CO.,Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St
BAY AND BIVEIt STEAMERS. '
fos TuT s7navy-yard m VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." .
Men., Tues.', Wed., Thurs". and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thura, night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., S p. m.
Landing and office, Mission-st. Dock, Pier No.
J. Telephone Main 150«.
FARE 800
WINDING AN OLD CLOCK.
Its progress is sometimes slow as that of a winding stream crossing a plain; and again it dashes to a conclu
sion with almost the rapidity of galloping consumption. Mr. Fiske's was the slow and sullen variety of the dis
ease Once in a while a sort of sub-crisis in it would occur when the best procurable medical skill was exhaust
ed on the case. So urgent did the doctors deem the situation that one or more of them would remain in the house
days in succession.
When the efforts of the medical men failed to bring about an Improvement in the patient, he himself dis
missed them saying he would take the chances of living or dying without anybody meddling further. "I had loot
faith," he says, "in" doctors and their prescriptions." The only grain of reason in this remark lies in the fact that
none' of their prescriptions benefited him. He was right. For doctors, like all other workers, must be judged not
by what they say, but by what they can do.
At this critical hour it chanced that Mr. Fiske heard of Warner's Safe Cure and began using it. He was an
old man then and the odds were "long" against him. But this time the prescription was right. In two months
he was able to ride out and had gained twelve pounds. Laying aside all other medicines and adhering to this one,
alone he was at length blessed with a perfect recovery. He is now about eighty-five years old, in excellent health,
and among the wealthiest and best-known residents of Lexington, Mass. But the clock was wound up not a mo
ment too soon.
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
tw Steamers leave Broadway
aß^ ■ wharf, Pan- Francisco:
HH^h^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
*K3»>§b{t%. Mar. 12. 17. 22. 27; Apr. 1:
%fjjSyt«n change at Seattle.
BJM«1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
gßrQg^l C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
?*^Kg |MlI Taccma, Everett. Anacortes
1 and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17. 22.
27: Apr. 1. nnd every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Mar.
10, 15. 20, 26, 30; Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
t Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
! Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
j San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; Apr.
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
'For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redonio tLos Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Mar. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 31; Apr. 4, and every
fourth day thereafter. ;
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena' Bay, Pan Jose del
! Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
I and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., seventh of each
; month. ■' .
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
enri bnnr* of Falling-.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street cPnlace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 07 R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
CADE *1 2 First Class Including Berth i
IAIIL &8 Seoond Clas« and Meals.
Columbia nails March 14. 24; April *, U. 21.
State of California sails March 19, 29; April
t, IS, IS.
'Short line to .Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
.■•.:;; B. COGAN, 44 East st.
TOYO RISEN KAISfIA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
n^r First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe logo) Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. " Wednesday, April 12
NIPPON MARU.... Wednesday, April 12
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
Round trie tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market ■t^t.^cogerFigt.^^^ Am*.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW yORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARTS.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul.... February 22 St. Paul March IX
St Louis .March II St. Louis March 22
RED STAR LINE,
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington.. .Feb'y IS i South March 1
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March 15
Frl'sland March 1 Kensington — 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
•BFGI'MSI>G APRIL 29th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on the way to I r ambur£.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG & CO., Gen. Acts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
lIS Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
COBPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. f£|> ■
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m
from Pier 42. North River, foot of.«*«CB9BB
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. April 1; LA
CHAMPGNE. April 8; LA BRETAONE, April
15; LA TOURAINE. April 22; LA GASCOGNE.
April 29. First-class to Havre," $65 and up-
ward, 6 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $43, 10 per cent reduction
round trip. " GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
cific CoaFt AKts.. 5 Montgomery are., S. F.
BAILBOAD TBAViiL.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sauaallto Ferry.) .
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Bent 11, 1598: a. m.. 1:45 p. m. \» V^-
Week Days— *:3o a, m.. 1:45 p. m.
6unday»-«:00. 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. a.
ks& t^o s i v .W!a&« m« m
■tr««t, Ban Francisco. - •-. •
BAILBOAXi TRAVEL.
CALIFOINIA NOBTHVESTEKN IT. CO.
V LESSEE!
m FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Markot St.
BAN FRANCISOO TO BAN RAFJLKL.
fcTEEK: DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.', 13:85,
a:80. 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tr!»
at 11:80 p. m, Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:68
anil 11:80 p. m.
BUNT AYS— B:OO, 9:10, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, 3:64.
• •CO* 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:10, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:41
• 8:46, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:58' and 6:35 p. m.
«C T NDAYS— 8:40, IHIO a. m.l 1:40, 1:43,
S;CO 6:25 p. m.
Between. San Francisco and Bchuetion Park
same schedul* as abova.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
►_ October 18. — — — - — —
Week I Sun- 1858. Sun- i 'W'eeJi
Days. ' Days. Destination, days, \ i day».
7:80 am' 8:00 am ( Novato, 10:40 am I 8:40 am
8:39 pm! 9:80 am PetaJuma 8:10 pm 1O:K am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:3$ pm 6:^2 pro
Fulton,
T:3O am Windsor, 10:16 an
neaidsburc.
Lytton,
Goyierville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Clovordalo. T:K pm *:tt ptn
Hop! and and
7:80 am Uilah. 7:33 pm 8:23 pm
7:30 am )W:»S am
8:00 am Guroej-rllle. 7:38 pmi
1:10 pm • 6:22 pm
7:80 ami 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 an
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Gllon Elian. 8:10 pm 8:21 pra
, t . f __ , j,_ -. ■
1-.y> nm' |;00 am SebaiHopol. 10:40 ami 10:16 am
8:80 pm 5:00 prq( 7:86 pml S:» pm
! Stage* connect at Santa Rota for Mark "West
Bprinn; at Lytton for Lytton Bprings; at O«y-
-lervllle for Skag-g-s Springs; at Clov*rdale for
th-i Geysers: at Hoplftnd for Duncan Springs,
ill^hland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Fprlnga, Soda Bay, I^akeport and Bartlett
< tprlnga; at UWah for Vichy Spring* Saratog-a
Ppr!nf-3. Blue Lake*, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
fHprlng;B, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buckneirs.
ranhedrln Heights, HullvUie. Boonevllle, Orr'S
Hot Spring*. M«ndoctno \ City, Fort Bragß.-
-► ".-tp'irt UMI, AY Illltta. Laytonvllle. Cum-
inlnrs, Ball's Springs. Harris!. Olsan's. Dyer,
bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Bund&ys round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San R*faes at half rates.
I Ticket Offloea «0 Market it.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITIN'O. R- X. RYAN, :
f GiticraJ Maautr. Ocn. Pass A eat.
California
Limited
Santa ffe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY^
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
. following: Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
m FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— S?i MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1511.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offlcs— 3ol J Street.
San Jose Office — 7 West Santa Clara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
i . " Yin Sfuipnlito Fer'v.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— I:JO. *9:30. 11:60 a. m. ; "IMS,
1:45 5:15; *6:00. 6:30 p. m. - ■
EXTRA TRII'S-For San Rafael on Mon-
flays, Wednesdays and Saturdays at U:SO p. m.
3UNDAYS-*S:00. •10: C«, 11:30 a. m. ; •1:15.
100 »4 TO, «:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San QuehUn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— •<S:8». 7:44. •»:»> a. m.,
""EXTRA* TRIPS '^n P ' Monday*. Wwln/sdays
a^r^AYS yS «^. 8: « "V.OO. -11*5 a. =
•1:16 '3:10. 4:40, # 6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Qtjentln;
FROM MILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK t)ATS-*<i 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m. ;
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
"iL'5/ffis^:«O. 7 i"o{ a"™.; lt:05. 1:10. 3:29.
TOO. «:20 p. « THROUOH TRAINS .
7:20 a. m. week days-Cazadero and wayittni.
1:45 p. r% Saturdays— Duncan Mills and waj
1:30 am. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a,
THE SAN FBAHCISCO AND SAN JOAQOIiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 54. 1*99, trains will run as follows*
," • South-bound. North-bound.
Paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. I Sunday Btation#. . dundajr gar.
Dally. Exo'ptd Excrptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton $:45 pm 6:00 pra
9:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 13:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno >:80 am 1:48 pm
11:88 am 7:43 pm Hanford ■ 7:4; am 1:44 pm
2:15 pm 12:30 am Bakerafleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25  .in, Vlsalta ! «:40am 1:23 pm
12:15 pm! 8:53 pml Tulare ' 6:60 ami 1:08 pm
Stopping at IntermedlaU points as required.
. For particular* of state and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's OO ne«, 321 MarUeC
%treet. San yrmtiica. ._. - - ,-^T.
"The human body," said Dr. Oliver Wen
dell Holmes, "is a seventy-year clock. The
Creator winds it up once when we are born,
and then delivers the key into the hands of the
Angel. of the Resurrection."
Yes, but they do not all run seventy years.
It depends largely on how they are treated.
Take the pendulum weight off the end of the
wire, and your clock will rattle away at the
rate of half a dozen hours in one. Neglect it
and it will run irregularly; now fast, now
slow. Break the mainspring or a wheel, and
it stops instantly. Take intelligent care' of it,
and a good clock will serve your grandchil
dren as faithfully as it now serves you.
There is an important difference, however,
between your clock and your body. Even
after the clock is completely run down, and at
a standstill, you can wind it up and set it
going again. Not so with the body. Once
stopped it goes no more.
It follows that if Mr. Orrin W. Fiske had
been "completely run down" at the time he
refers to I should not now be writing of him
as a living man. On a certain occasion a few
years since he sat for five weeks continuously
in a rocking chair, unable to lie down. At that
time he was nearly crushed with a combina
tion of complaints— influenza, bronchitis and
organic kidney disease. For a less cause than
this many human clocks have run down alto
gether and stopped dead. An analysis showed
Mr. Fiske's renal affection to be true Bright's
disease; a condition which even the best phy
sicians treat as of professional necessity; with
out expecting to overcome it. It is commonly
the final stage of a series of vascular degene
rations which begins in partial atrophy of the
liver and ends in death.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
lOSTHRRSI I-At'IFIC COMFAHT.
(PACiriC STHTKK.)
Tralaa leave nnd tare due (• arrive as
MAN riUKVIMI'O.
(Main Lip*. Foot of Market Street.)
inn — Fa ok D«a 18. 1338. — ajbBZTV
•OiOO* Nile* San Jose and Way Stations... •8:434
7iOOa. Benloia, Hulsun and Sacramento. ... 0:43*
7i«oa MaryiTille, OroTllleacd Redding »i»
Woodland 9:43*
7:00 a Eltr.ira, VacarUle and Rurtsey • Bi49r
7i»»a Martinez, San Hamon. Vallejo, Nap*,
. . Oaiistoca and 8ont» Rosa 6tlB»
• BiOOa Alleutle Ktprea*. <)g<!en and Kast.. «i49r
• iBOa San Jose. LlTcrmore, Stockton, '
lone, Sacramento, PlaoerrlUe.
MarysTllle, Chlco, lied WuH 4il»»
HiSOa 'Milton, Ockd&le and Jameotovn... 4:1 ftp
»i«Oa Martinec. Tracy, Lathxop, frtockton,
Merced »nd Fresno 18:18»
»:OOa Fraano, Bakerslield. Santa Dnrliara,
Los Acfelaa. Demi:*, El Puo.
New Orleans and Baet «:43»
JOiOOa. Vallfjo, Marliuez and Way Stations 7:45»
1I:*OK NUt-s, LlvercDOre, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU. Hanford, Vualla.
Porterrillo 4:l»»
•HOOP Sacramento UlTer Steainera *&:OQr
li»Or Martinez, Kan lUmoii. Vallejo,
N»|.». Call«t(.x». K»nt» ;io»a. ■•!»*
4:OOr Benlciit, VaoaTiile, SacraniFiitOt
Woodland, KnJjuhts Landing
MarysTllla, Orotille 10:49*.
4iBOp NUes, Ban Jose and Stockton ....... 7sl3v
•:««rSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakersndid, Lcs
Amelia 8:48 a,
OiSOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 18:13»
•i3«r Martin**, Tracy. JSsodot*. Fresno,
Mohn, Santa Harbara and Jhjs
Aa«elos i »<4B*
-OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Hock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East 19:4549
• iß»p rtsilt* *■• 11.. i... '..:....... .■.i|.im»
for Mojare and iiui •**»*
•:OOr Rurupenii Mall, Ogdeii »ud Kaat.... Uil.la.
• :OOp Hojw»rds, Niles and flan Joes 7ttr,\
••100 r VaTl«]o 12:13?
(7iOOp Vallejo. Port Ooste and Way Sta-
tion* t9:4-"»#
liiOr Orefoo KxprrSH,Baoraineuto, Marys-
TlTle. no.MliiK. rortlaud, Tuge!
' Sound ami rajt SilS*
«lO:O3p Sonaet Limited. Fresno. 1. 01
Angles, El Pa«j, New Orleans
— sTMaat H>Ma
' HAN LKANUUO A^i> lUV)VAKI>S LOCH*
(Foot ot Market Street.)
Hclrooe, Seminary Park, (
SiOOa l'ltolit<nrtr. Klmliurit, oif^4 .
(9:00 a San lieand'ro. South San (*0:I.1a.
10.00* I.eamlro. Vj<lu<llllo, 10:4.14
ill>0«A ■ Lore mo, Cherry • ******
8i«Or and 'l :4 .2 c
»«••' Hnyn*rds. «'«*
».»Op ! Runt through to jinea, 7t43»
) % From Nile*. I
' COAST DIVISION (Narrow Hanfre). *
. (Foot of Market Street. > n
Bil3A.Newark.Oentffr»llle.BaoJo»«,Felton.
Boulder Creek, Orus and Way
Btationa. : 8i3«»
••■IBp Newark, CenterriUe, San Jose. Uew
■ • Almaden, Felton, Donlder Creek.
Bant* Cms and Principal Way
Station* ' «I«»:3«4
4:l3p2eewark. San Jose and Los Oatos... " 9:20*.
f11:43r Banters' Excursion, San Jose and '
' Way BuU.nn t?'»»g
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•MB) SIX mH«BCQ— F»ot of Market Strett (BU* <)—
•7:16 . 9:00 11:O1)A.M. tl:30 '2:03 }3:QI
•1:00 t6:09 •8:00r.»t.
fr«aOilU«»— f»s»sr Braid w«j.— '«:<» 8:00 10:00*.
tU:OO *l:00 |8:Q0 *3:00 H-03 -8:33r.M.
COAST IUTISiON (Broad ««n e). *
(Tblnl and To-vnaemi St».)
• 7iooa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Aliaadeu Wednesdays only) ltS«»
•iOOa Bail Jose, Tros Vinos. S.inU Cms.
Pad ll o Omit. run ll' >..-••. Ha«
Luis OMsihv, G.iadalupe,'Biirf ana
Principal Way StHtioits 2 :1 2*
I«i4Oa San Joaaaixl Way Stations 22 A
lIiSOa San Ji*e and Way Stations »t3«a
*»<4SrSan Mateo, Redwood, Men!o Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han -los*
Qilruy, Hollitter. Haiita Urn*.
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacloc
Gro»e M«iB«a,
•S«««p San Jose aud Way Stations U: '!? 4
•4tl3r San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:43*
•3«»«r San Jose and Principal Way Stations Oi'Mx
3:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:30»
• :8»p San Jose ami Way Stations.. 2 :3^ p
}11:43f 9au Jose an.l Way Stations ?:»0r
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
• Sundays axoet>te<l. ; Sonaays only, t Saturdays only
«Mnnd»ys and Thursdays. aTueadays and Saturdays.
ISaturdaisand Wednesdays. 6Tbui*d»vs and Sundays.
A Superb Train
«4TpWfW EVERY DAY IN THE YEA/)
AlAllUjyHH VIA TUP
IfllP Union Pacific,
SAN francisco TO chicago
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY 3V4 DAYS TO CHICAGO. .
Leaves San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
IF YOU WANT TO SEE
• SOMETHING NEW AND STRANGE
-. v \: " Try -the
MEXICAN TOUR.
You Can ---.-'. .
Shoot Alligators and Eat Oranges.
Expenses are paid in 50-cent Mexican dollars.
.Buy your ticket over the
MEXICAN CENTRAL RAILWAY.
For rates and further information address
C. E. MINER,
G. W. P. Agent. R. 209, Houser bldg. St.
Louis, Mo. f
W. D. MURDOCH.
A. O. P. A., City of Mexloo.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FIERCE FIGHT
IN ALAMEDA
COUNTY JAIL
Brandes and a Trusty
in Combat.
ACCUSED MURDERERWORSTED
CHARGED P. CARLTON WITH
SCHEMING FOR "DOPE."
Protracted Delays in His Trial Cause
Him to Become Hilarious and
Say "Rubber Neck" to
Visitors.
Oakland Office Sen Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 27.
The large corridor at the County Jail
was the scene this morning of a fierce
and bitter encounter between William A.
Brandes, who is on trial for his life for
the brutal murder of his 13-year-old
daughter. Lillian, and Frank Carlton, a
■•trusty" who is serving ninety days for
come minor offense.
The protracted delays in Brandes' trial
have had the effect o"f making him bold,
presumptious and at times almost hilari
ous. W-en visitors call at the iron grat
ing to Bee len friend, Brandes
becomes quite loquacious to the unbear
able ami. name of other prisoners.
This morning shortly after 9 o'clock two
boys were brought into the main corri
dor. Their advent was heralded by
Brandes, who shouted '•rubber neck.'"
"Trusty" Carlton, when the lads turned
to learn who thus accosted them, advised
Brand t to sneak away and hiJe,
but face the music."
Brandes resented this advice and ap
plied a vile epithet to the •'trusty," who
attempted to show his authority by
threatening violence. in an instant the
two prisoners were at each other's necks
and stunning blows were dealt. Other
prisoners tri'-d to separate the men, and
liartially succeeded, but the combat was
soon renewed, china and tin cups and
plates being this time used as weapons.
\larm was Immediately given and As
sistant Jailer George Taylor hurried into
the corridor and stopped further conflict
by locking Brandes up in his cell, very
much the worse In appearance. There
the accused murderer was kept the rest
of the day for fear of another outbreak.
There has b< en "bad blood" between
Brandes and "Trusty" Carlton for the
past several days.
"Brandes made an insulting remark to
me last Saturday in the presence of other
prisoners." said Ccrlton to a Call re
••I am here because I disturbed
the peace of my folks in Alameda. My
whole troul used by the use of
'dope' and last Saturday a fric-nd of our
family who occasionally does missionary
work" in the jails, vistted this corridor
and 1 inquired of her about the health of
"When she loft Brandes blurted out
that 1 had asked her to sneak some 'dope'
Into the jail for me 1 was still too weak
at the timf and unable to make him eat
that Lie. To-day he shouted 'rubber neck'
at those boys and I told him to 'get next/
when he called me a vile name and tha
mixup followed." , .
Brandes' case will be resumed for argu
ment to-morrow.
CHARGED WITH BEING
CRUEL TO A HORSE
DR. SELFRIDGE ARRESTED BY A
LIVERYMAN.
Warrant Procured on the Advice of
the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Ani
mals.
OAKLAND, March 27.— Dr. Clarence
Gelfridge is charged with driving a valu
able horse in a cruel manner and render-
Ing the animal useless, and on Thursday
morning he will be tried before Justice
Larue in East Oakland.
Three weeks ago Dr. Selfridge hired a
rig from the Simonson stables in East
Oakland. He went away on Tuesday and
returned on Thursday. The animal was
In such a bad condition that It was placed
In charge of a veterinary surgeon. Where
Dr. Selfridge went and what he did with
the horse will be told Thursday morning
and much interest is being shown in the
trial nn account of the prominence of the.
young doctor. The proprietor of the
stable Bays the animal was an excellent
one and that a few days prior to hiring
Th'- rig to Dr. Selfridge he refused $15u
for it.
•'When the animal came back," said
he, "she was foundered. I never saw su<h
a wreck in my life, and although I think
now that she will recover she will be good
for nothing but the veriest old peddler's
cart. I called Dr. Selfridge's attention to
■what .he had done, but not until a day or
two hirer did it develop how thoroughly
the nnimal was used up. I don't know
■whether he drove her the • whole of the
two days he was away, but she was a
veTy gpoedy animal and very willing, and
there is nn excuse for making a wreck
of her. I sent to Dr. Selfridge and asked
him to reimburse me, but he snapped his
finger? and told me to do as I pleased."
The case was reported to the Society
for the Prevention <>f Cruelty to animals
and -on the advice of its ncent a warrant
was sworn out in Justice Larue' s court.
CLOSED WITH A CLASH.
Oakland City Council Winds TJp
With a Row.
OAKLAND. March 27.— The old City
Council held its last meeting' to-night,
and next Monday night there will be
Beven new members among the eleven.
With the exception of approving the
minutes of the last meeting and passing a
bill of the Poundkeeper, nothing was
done.
The Poundman's bill produced positively
the last vestige of the regime of the solid
Bix. The bill was read as recommended
by the Finance Committee, and after its
passage it appeared that only two of the
five members had been present, which is
not a quorum. In the hall after adjourn
ment Glrard accused Woodward of at
tempting to "sneak" the bill through.
Colonel Woodward objected to the use of
the word "sneak," but Glrard was obdu
rate. For Severn 1 minutes the battle
raged loud and rapidly. A fist tight was
looked upon as a certainty, when friends
told the two men to go home.
THE RACETRACK MURDER.
Preliminary Hearing of John Epper
son's Alleged Slayer Has Been
Commenced.
OAKLAND, March 27.— The preliminary
examination of James J. Gilligan, charged
with the murder of John Epperson at the
notorious Office saloon at the Emeryville
racetrack, last Tuesday, was commenced
before Justice of the Peace Bradbury this
afternoon. The complaint sworn to by W.
J. Dreyer, proprietor of the saloon where
the alleged crime was committed, had
been dismissed and Deputy Marshal Lane
of Envryville swore to a new complaint.
The preponderance of testimony adduced
at the hearing to-day was most decidedly
favorable to the defendant, and grave
doubts are expressed as to the advisability
of holding Gilligan to appear before the
Superior Court. In fact, the opinion pre
vails that he will be released when the
hearing next Friday shall have been con
cluded.
ROMANTIC LIFE
IS ENDING IN
A MADHOUSE
Ex-Consul Churchill
Is Insane.
MADE HISTORY RAPIDLY
STARTED HIS CAREER IN OAK
LAND.
\
Alleged Proof of Bigamy "Was the
Beginning of the End ol
His Checkered
Career.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, March 27.
William Churchill, newspaper man, ex-
Consul and Bohemian, is in an Eastern
asylum. Six months ago he disappeared
from his home in Brooklyn and his wife
professed to know nothing whatever of
his whereabouts. It -was supposed that
he had committed suicide and his many
Oakland acquaintances believed this to be
the case. News was received to-day that
the once bright Englishman is a lunatic.
Churchill's checkered career commenced
in Oakland. Many years ago he drifted
into this city from Australia and his
hard-up condition appealed to the sym
pathy of many of Oakland's newspaper
men. They put him on his feet and stood
by him until he was independent of as
sistance. Then he showed up in his true
colors. He betrayed the confidence of one
of his best friends, broke up his home and
finally eloped with his friend's wife.
After doing newspaper work in Brook-
Ivn N T for some years Churchill per
suaded President Cleveland to appoint
him Consul to Apia. Soon after going to
the Islands a woman appeared in San
Francisco named Mrs. Holmes. one
declared she was Churchill's wife, he hav
ing married her by contract many years
ago and lived with her for some time
across the bay. Her proofs were appar
ently complete and she laid them all be
fore" Senator Perkins to place before
President McKlnley. Whatever effect
they had it is not known positively, but
some time later and long before his term
had elapsed Churchill was recalled. He
went back to newspaper work and was
enjoying life in the East when he sudden
ly disappeared. Nothing has been heard
o"f him since until to-day, when word was
received of his being confined in a mad
house.
MAY PAY ALIMONY AND
HIS WIFE IS DEAD
QUEER COMPLICATIONS OVER
MRS SHEPARD'S ESTATE.
Daughters Protest Against Their
Father's Account as Adminis
trator of the Deceased
Mother's Property.
OAKLAND. March 27.— John E. Shep
ard will probably find himself in the
strange but legally necessary position of
being compelled to pay alimony, though
his wife has been dead these past two
years.
In ' Judge Hall's court to-day Shepard
presented his account as administrator of
the estate of Catherine Shepard, who was
granted a divorce from him in 18S0. His
two daughters, Violet M., aged 18 years
and Kitty B. nged 16, represented by At
torney Carey Howard, vigorously pro
tested' against the account because he had
put in a claim for SSO as administrator.
The daughters showed that the father
had been ordered in 1880 to pay his di
vorced wife $30 monthly alimony, and that
he had paid but one Installment of $30
since then, leaving their mother to pro
vide -wholly for the family until her
death and he had never paid any back
alimony into the coffers of the estate.
About eighteen months ago Shepard ap- j
plied for letters of administration as did
also Mrs. Lydia Prescott; but he induced
his daughters to sign h'.s petition on the
condition that he would save the estate
from all expenses of administration, and
was granted letters. Now, in his account
he has made charges for money he claims
he advanced to the daughters, when n
reality the latter proved that he had sola
their furniture and given them the money
realized. As the hearing in the matter
Drogressed conditions became more and
more complicated, and Judge Hall de
rided that further testimony must be sub
mitted next Monday.
MRS. PICKETT VICTORIOUS.
She Is Finally Granted Letters on the
Estate of Her Sister, Mrs
Mary Hawley.
OAKLAND. March 27. —Nettle F.
Pickett was granted letters of adminis
tration this afternoon by Judge Hall on
the estate of her sister, Mary F. Hawley,
deceased, and the petition of "William G.
Hawkett and others for letters was de.
nied.
Mrs. Hawley was supposed to nay*
committed suicide about a year ago. She
was found dead in bed beside her hus
band, who declared she had shot herself.
William E. Hawley, the husband, some
time ago was denied the probate of an
alleged will of his wife's, which was
shown to have been witnessed and at
tested-two weeks after Mrs. Hawley s
death That will was accordingly de
clared bogus. By Its terms real estate
valued at $20,000 was bequeathed to th*
husband, but a victorious contest ended
with the result named, and for the past
two months Hawley's whereabouts has
been unknown even to Mr. Hawkett, who
■represented him. '
The estate, comprising valuable real es
tate in Napa and Alameda counties, will
now be finally administered upon, and it
is not unlikely that the widower will be
overlooked in the distribution.
ORATORIO OF STABAT MATER.
Cleverly Rendered by Amateur Tal
ent in St. Joseph's Church.
ALAMEDA. March 27.— There was a
very enjoyable rendition of Rossini's Stn
bat Mater given at St. Joseph's Church
in this city on Sunday evening. The great
oratorio was in preparation but four
weeks and great credit is due Mrs. Wil
bourn for the excellent results achieve,].
She was to have sung "Quls Est Homo"
with Miss Marks, but suddenly lost her
voice on Saturday and Mrs. Van Pelt
took her place on this very short notice.
Herbert Williams, who has an unusu
ally pure' tenor voice, appeared to advan
tage in "Cujus Animan. "Pro Peccaris,"
the gem of the evening, a bass solo, fell
to Ed Eckart and "Fae ut Portem" was
cleverly rendered by Miss Clara McDer
mott of San Francisco. The choruses
werf mostly composed of local talent and
had been admirably trained by Mrs. Mar
guerite Wilbourn, the organist and di
rector of St. Joseph's choir.
Concert in Alameda.
ALAMEDA, March 27.— The Alameda
Concert band will give an open-air con
cert in the Alameda City Park to-morrow
night. The band will be under the leader
ship of Charles D. Porep.
Rear Admiral Schley writes about
the most thrilling moment of his life,
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAT.L, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1899.
LADIES RESENT
THE REMARKS
OF ELDER NYE
Speaks in Defense of
Roberts of Utah.
MAKES FUN OF PETITION
WOMEN AND MINISTERS ARE
CALLED IGNORANT.
His Talk Construed as a Reply to
the Mass Meeting at the-
Ebell Some Weeks
Ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. March 27.
The ladles of Oakland do not intend to
rest under the slur cast upon their integ
rity and intelligence by Elder E. H. Nye,
president of the California Mormon Mls-
Last nig-ht at a meeting of Oakland
Latter-day Saints. Mr. Nye defended Con
gTessman-eleet Roberts and said that igr-
norance is at the bottom of all the pro
tests against the Mormon church.
"Once the ball was started," said Elder
Nye, "It was very little trouble to get
women's clubs and Presbyterian ministers
to begin passing- resolutions and a petition
containing: hundreds of thousands of wo
men's names was sent to Congress asking
that body not to seat the man with three
wives."
Elder Nye seems to regard this action
as ridiculous, and follows up this senti
ment by saying: "A sum of money was
appropriated by Congress to build a home
for the cast-off Mormon wives. A mag
niiieent structure was built and it
stands to-day a splendid monument to the
national folly. Not one polygamous wo
man has ever crossed its threshold.
Elder Nye placed Mormonism and polyg
amy in a new light. He said: "Yellow
Journalism and our left-handed friends
have given you one view of the Mormon
question. I will give you the facts. B. H.
Roberts was llrst nominated for Congress
three years ago. He was chosen by ac
clamation by a convention led by non-
Mormons. Moses Thatcher was named at
the same time as a choice for Senator.
Shortly afterward both Roberts and
Thatcher were rebuked by the church for
having accepted the nominations, it being
supposed that their duties as apostles re
quired all their time. At once a clamor
was raised and the Mormon church was
charged with having re-entered politics.
The convention was reconvened and every
nnn-Mormon orator exhausted himself in
denunciation of the church for having
tried to govern the State. Not one single
word was spoken aoout polygamy. Tho
Democrats lost tne election.
"Last year Roberts was nominated
again and by tho same non-Mormon lead
ers, who saw in him the strongest man.
The silver question had changed thf> State
from Republicanism and the Republicans
saw that he was likely to win. It was
their time to attack the church, which
they had so encouraged two years before,
when It was rebuking candidate Roberts.
At once there went forth the howl, 'Po
lygamy.' "
A few weeks npro the most prominent
ladies of Oakland held a mass meeting
and uttered some strong language in de
fense <">f the home and in condemnation of
the principles advocated by Elder Nye.
His remarks last night are construed as a
reply to the ladles, who will soon hold
another meeting to resent the insinuations
of Mr. Nye.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, March 27.— At the last ses
sion of Admiral Dewey Camp No. 19,
Army and Navy Republican League, the
name of William Bowley was dropped
from the roll for conduct unbecoming a
soldier and Republican, in denouncing by
affidavits under oath M. K. Miller, late
candidate for City Engineer.
Congressman Victor H. Metcalf tn-day
filed his second annual account as special
administrator on the estate of Mary M. I.
Murphy, showing total receipts of $96,
--ICS 71; "disbursements, $10,194 29; leaving a
balance of $81,374 42, on deposit in various
city banks.
The fiftieth wedding anniversary of Mr.
arid Mrs. Burr Jennings was auspiciously
celebrated at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
J. L. Lyon, 804, Central avenue, on Satur
day evening. About ninety guests were
present.
The home for Fabiola Hospital's stu
dent nurses will be ready for occupancy
in a few days and on next Friday the
ci. dication of the Dottie Oooke annex for
children at the hospital will take place.
Everybody is invited and will be cordially
received by Mrs. Requa, the directors and
managers "of the institution.
The olographic will of Harriet A. Si
mons, who died in Alameda on the ISth
inst., was filed for probate to-day by-
George K. Fitch of San Francisco, who,
with E. P.. Mastick, is named as executor,
and the latter also as trustee for certain
devisees. The estate consists of Alameda
property valued not to exceed $5000.
Joseph Rose of Washington Township
was to-day appointed executor of the es
tate of his mother, Maria J,aureanna da
Rosa. The estate, comprising a valuable
ranch in San Mateo County, is bequeathed
to the sons, Joseph and Manuel, each an
undivided half interest. .
An amended complaint has been filed in
the suit of James A. and Charles L.
l'ryal against William A., Ellen C... Motile
W. and Elizabeth R. Pryal, wherein it is
BOUght to have William A. Pryal declared
t" htold the legal title to valuable prop
erty in East Oakland in trust, in equal
shares, for the plaintiffs, himself and de
fendants. The property, it is contended,
was deeded by their mother, Mary A.
Pryal, to William A. Pryal, under a mis
apprehension, just prior to her death.
Articles of incorporation were filed to
day by Bowman & Co., druggists, with a
capital stock of $25,000. all of which has
been subscribed. The directors are: Wil
liam J. Bowman, Fred B. Taylor, George
P. Flint, N. A. Kjoser of Oakland, and
Charles A. Bowman of San Francisco.
The purposes of the corporation are,
aside from a retail and wholesale phar
maceutical business, to acquire, sell and
hypothecate real and personal property,
to construct buildings, deal In patent
rights, copyrights, brands or licenses for
the use of inventions and discoveries.
The principal place of business la Oak-
Thomas McNab to-day filed suit against
N. Schneider as executor of the last will
of John Bahrenberg. deceased, for the re
covery of $4<>2 3f>, with interest at 7 per
cent from November 15, IS9S. McNab's
claim is for services in nursing deceased
and for board, room rent and materials
furnished, which claim the executor re
jected.
Williamson's First Point Won.
OAKLAND, March 27.— 1n the man
damus proceedings instituted by J. C.
Williamson to compel Arthur Feidler,
County Treasurer, to pay to the former
on assigned claims about $2500 for taxes
paid in excess on personal property in
L 896-97, Judge Ellsworth this afternoon
overruled the general demurrer of de
fendant. Ten d"ays were allowed in which
to file answer. The money, it is claimed,
was distributed among the various coun
ty funds by Treasurer Feidler's predeces
sor, and this, it is contended, will nia»
terially affect Williamson's claims.
Golden Gate's Delegates.
■At the meeting of Golden Gate Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden Weat, F.
Suhr, T. Stewart and J. F. Dryer were
elected delegates to the Grand Parlor, and
J. J. Sweery, A. H. Blakely and F. Cran
mer were chosen as alternates.
A NEW PHASE
OF ALAMEDA'S
SCHOOL WAR
Lie Passed at a Pub
lic Gathering.
SULLIVAN WILL DO POLITICS
BROWN STIBS TTP A HORNETS
NEST AT LAST.
A Bitter Attack on the Board of Edu
cation Brings Out a Reply
That Was to the
Point,
ALAMEDA, March 27.— Brainard C.
Brown made another bitter attack on
the Alameda School Board this evening
at a meeting of the Municipal League.
His remarks were directed particularly
to School Superintendent Sullivan and
Director Lanktree. A sensation was cre
ated when Sullivan, who was in attend
ance, received permission to speak and
during the course of his address called
Brown a liar. It had been rumored
around town that Brown was going to
continue the controversy that has. so ■
wrought up Alameda, and a tremendous
crowd greeted him when he commenced
to speak. Briefly he said:
"That our Board of Education has long
been dominated by Messrs. Lanktree,
Tisdale and Sullivan Is notorious. Mr.
Sullivan, though not a member, Is no
doubt a much more dominant factor than
is Mr. C. A. Brown, who is a member. •
"During the last two years the board
has been run by the chairmen of the j
three most important committees— Lank- |
tree of the finance, Tisdale of classifica- I
tion and Brown of buildings and grounds.
Lanktree's appointment gave him the
placing of the insurance on the school
buildings. This has been placed at full
rates notwithstanding the fact that
statements were made that a reduced
rate could be obtained. Nor has Lank
tree ever been accused of rebating to the
city any portion of his 15 or 20 per cent
to which, as a broker, he is entitled as a
commission from the Insuring company.
Being an agent for a line of companies,
holding an influential position in the
School Department and Wing the gen
eral reputation of being In the pull 1 cer- ,
tainly his income as an insurance broker |
has not suffered. Quite naturally he de- I
"'"ThaTKossosses any qualification of j
mind training or experience which makes
him desirable as a member of the board
no unprejudiced person will affirm.
Smooth 'Jo Lanktree never opens his
m^uthln a rude or offensive manner, But
the influence of his 'fine Italian hand is
"l, to be a power, and the political ma- j
chine of this city would lose the master
mind which controls it were he to abdi
cate. By removing him from the board
his power in the department can be de- j
stroyed, for thus will he be taken from
his vantage ground, from which for
twelve years he has been able to do poll
tics' in Alameda. Thus will the 'push' be
forced to remove its blighting hand from
our public schools, which must not be al
lowed to suffer while politicians thrive.
Sullivan was white with rage w-hen no
arose to reply on behalf of himself and
Lanktree and Tisdale. He said:
"You have taken up the brown mans
burden and you must carry it. What he
says about me is utterly false. W hen a
man deliberately lies about me I consider
it my duty to tell him to his face that he
is a falsifier. I have been accused of do
ing politics in the school department, and
I deny the charge, but from to-night until
election day Sullivan will do politics and
Brown will feel the effects of It."
Crowds are discussing the affair on
the streets to-night, and friends of the
principals are on the alert to keep them
from clashing.
CHOSE DEATH BECAUSE
HER LOVER LEFT HER
MAY PrPEN"BERG ENDS HER
LIFE WITH CARBOLIC ACID.
Swallowed a Small Bottle of the Poi
son to Make Her Exit Per
fectly Sure.
OAKLAND, March 27.— Because her as
sociate left her. May Pipenberg, aped 2S
years, swallowed an ounce and a half of
carbolic acid to-night at the home of
Andy Ayers, 710 "Webster street, and died
an hour later at the Receiving Hospital.
The woman has passed under the namo
of Mary Donell for some time, and it is
supposed that Frank Donell is the man
she had referred to when she told Mrs.
Avers to-day that she was distrusted with
life on account of his leaving her.
The fatal dose was taken at about 6:30
o'clock. The deceased had Just finished
cleaning the dishes and remarked to Mrs.
Ayers and a visitor, Josanna Gobil, that
Fhe would retire to the bedroom a_nd rest
for a while. She had been out of their
pn-pence but a few moments when she
fell heavily to the, floor, whore John C.
Perry, a lodger, found her writhing: in
p.-Un, with a small bottle that had con
tained the deadly poison by her pule.
The woman was taken to the Receiving:
Hospital, but the efforts of Dr. Sanborn
and Steward IJorchard proved futile, and
before an hour had elapsed her form lay
on a slab in the morfruo. An inquest will
be held to-morrow night.
Deceased was formerly the wife of
Charles Pipenberg. who is serving a sen
| tence in San Quentin for grand larceny.
CORONER'S VERDICTS.
Suicide of a Dairyman and an Acci-
dental Death.
OAKI^AND, March 27.— At the Inquest
to-night of Swan Brown, the San Leandro
dairyman who hanged himself last even
ins, a note was exhibited, which deceased
had left, wherein he wrote that he had
been doctoring for a cancer on his cheek
the past three months and that he felt
worse than when he started; that his pain
had been so excruciating that he could no
longer stand It.
The cancer referred to was the result of
being hit by a stone thrown by a young
hoodlum some months previous. Brown
found death by climbing up a stepladder,
tying a bale rope doubled to a rafter
and jumping off the ladder. The Jury
brought in a verdict in accordance with
these facts. Deceased was a native of
Sweden, aged 75 years, and leaves a
widow in destitute circumstances.
The Coroner's Jury in the case of Ma
thieu Bourrouill, who was asphyxiated at
the Huff House last night while kneeling
by a chair, returned a verdict of acciden
tal death.
THE COURT FOOLED HTM.
John Book, a Chinatown Guide, In-
terferes With a Prisoner.
John Rook, a Chinatown guide, who is a
familiar figure around the Police Courts,
got himself into serious trouble yesterday
by interfering with a prisoner in Judge
Mogan's court.
Eva Smith was in court on a charge of
vagrancy. The Judge called her up and
asked who her bondsmen were. She re
plied that she did not know and the Judge
remarked that they were probably
"straw." He ordered her into custody.
While sitting in court Rook went up to
her and said: "Gome on." He took her
arm and led her out of the courtroom.
Bailiff Barry was notified and he hurried
after them, catching up with them on
McAllister street. He took them back to
the courtroom and the Judge ordered
Rook into custody for contempt, of court
and also ordered that a charge of vag
rancy be booked against him. The woman
was convicted on the charge of vagrancy
and ordered to appear for sentence this
morning.
MARINE FIREMEN'S FINANCES.
Preliminary Examination of Ex-
Financial Secretary Bernard
Ward Concluded.
The preliminary examination of Bernard
Ward ex-financial secretary of the Ma
rine Firemen's Union, on the charge of
felony embezzlement was continued be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday.
The defense put on three witnesses to
break down the evidence of John Dough
erty, ex-treasurer, the star witness for
the prosecution. William McManus tes
tified that Dougherty had told him he
had lost $1000 on the Corbett-Fitzsimmons
fight. Patrick Ward, the financial secre
tary, who succeeded Ward, testified that
Dougherty told him he- had the $4000 al
leged to have been embezzled by Ward in
a bag and lost it on the boat going across
to Oakland. Attorney Clarence Gray tes
tified that Dougherty had agreed to sign
a statement that Ward had nothing to do
with the defalcation.
Ward did not take the stand and the
Judge said he would look over the evi
dence and give his decision this morniny.
Early Mail for Australia.
Postmaster Montague received a letter
yesterday from the Postal Secretary at
Wellington, Australia, annoitficing that
mail for Australia c"ould be sent from San
Francisco by the steamship Australia,
which will leave this city a day before
the departure of the mall steamer from
Vancouver. The mail going by the Aus
tralia will be transshipped to the Van
couver steamer on her arrival at Hono
lulu.
Postmaster Montague will take advan
tage of the suggestion. The new ar
rangement gives San Francisco the ad
vantage of a ten days' earlier delivery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
L C Wafte, Riverside A n Baughman, Mich
Jno Garwood, Stockton Mrs A D Baughman,
W R Beall, Portland : Mich
A A Curtis, San Rafael Mrs WO Wheeler, Conn
Mrs A A Curtis, S Raf.W C Wheeler. Conn
("has A Belden. N V Miss LC Wheeler, Conn
Mrs C A Belden and 2 > Miss W F Wheeler. Con
children. N V H C Miner. N V
Ira L Ramsdoll, Hol'r Mrs H C Miner, N V
11 XV Helss, New York H F Goodwin, Chicago
H McKae. British Col E S Cokin, Stanford
FXV Miller, Chicago Miss G Katz, Stanford
G A Hlckerson, Boston A R Townsend, Chic
Mrs G A Hickerson, F H Mills. Boston
Boston F D Everett, Chicago
Miss Codman, Boston Mrs. F D Kverettt. Chi
W D Pntkins. Seattle iMrs XV H Pierce, Boa
Mrs XV I) Potklns, Seat ! I, G Davis, Mass
A R Katz, New York [John Rice. N V
Mlbs L T Wood. N V [Mrs John Rice, N V
E Watts, New York |M!ss Rice, N V
B S McKinney Chicago :F P Dennison, N V
E Harvpy. Liondon .Mrs Dennlson. N V
Mrs B Flint jMlss Dennlson. N V
Mrs A Smith. N Jersey ie H Johnson. Roch'er
R Grossman. Chicago! Madison Jones and
E B Grossman, I valet. N V •
eago John S Bush, N T
Chapman, Illinois Wm B Bush, N V
Barden, Conn J W Crowe, Kobe, Jap
uett, Troy C N Crosse. Kobe. Jap
Hanach, U S N Geo C Wright Chicago
E W Clair, London ]Mrs H B McSioy, Conn
E N Fowler, Chicago |Mls§ Larkln. Conn
A H Fleming, Detroit Miss Long, Toronto
R Rlester. Alaska Mrs F McLaughlin. 8
Mrs R Rlester, Alaska C'niz
L P Hills. Salt Lake Mlv Agnes McLaugh-
RGill, Pa ! lin Santa Cruz
J E Gill. Pa <; N Gossler, N V
Ryder. Boston Mrs G N Gossler, N V
Whltcorob Jr. N H Miss Ward. N V
Lobenstein, 111 Sir Montague Pollat,
J M Ixibenstein, 111 I>->ndr>n
Peck. Conn Louis Mannheimer, Chi
Mrs R N Peck, Conn (Mrs MannhWmer, Chic
Mr? L S Hills. S Lake Mrs .1 C Mannhelmer,
E S Hills. Salt Lake Chicago
T J Field, M.mt7>Yey Miss May Mannheim-
Mrs T J Field. Mont er. Chicago
S E Baker. Ohio W M Parker. V S N
Mrs S E Baker, Ohio I J J Hurd, Chicago
Mrs H L Perry. Boston F Buck, Vacavllle
Mrs A F Rosenheim. Miss G E Banks. Conn
St Louis Mrs L Hanna, Conn
GRAND HOTEL.
Eugene Aram, Sacto |O R Whleher, Cal
H Stillman. Sacto IP. Kenady. Cal
J T R Fassell. Auburn! A B Alexander. London
W H I/iimsden. S Rosa C H Utley anii w, Mass
J Cunningham. S Rosa I W J Rose, Portland
<; Matthews, SactO <" S Pierce. Cal
T A Coffin, Portland .T H Chirm, Portervlll*
J Vnnduyn and w. Or Mrs J L Dutton. Cal
H K.-nnett. Portland IJ E Ilnrmon. Yreka
Mr- H D Harris Md |F A Autemelth. Yreka
Miss J Harris, Md \XV R Coglan. Sulsun
■\V D Perkins and w, A B McKensie, Cal
Seattle |W T Follins. San Jose
C A Pchlvely, Orovlllp XV c Conroy & w, Cal
\V Bmwn, Ixis Angeles ;J T Laird Alturas
C F Maeder. L Angeles F W Kembler. r a l
Mrs. W Mahoney, L AiMrs F A Kembler. Cal
Miss Dankerstv. L An Miss G. Booth, Cal
D D Blodlth. Tulare T Clark. < "al
man Smith. Cal H J Hawkins. L A
:er G Smith. Cal J H Roberts. Sacto
Green, Sacto W J Ixjwis & w, Cal
Hart. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Benson, Utah J P Stanton. N T
in Wynen, NT E Geanotte. N V
Reid, Chgo S D Tarkley. Redondo
Ramho, Chgo G A Schwartz. Chgo
eber. Ariz H Hewitt. SactT
r ITeaton. Nebr .T c Ixiw. San Jose
■irera. chgo J Bell. Vallejo
etry. NY J R Wade, Fresno
McClanahan.rtah A Hamon, N V
Howard. Denver
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.,
TACOM A— March 27— Ship Standard,
from Port Townsend; stmr Cottage City, from
Alfi pka
Sailed March 27— Stmr Mackinaw and bark
Levl G Bursress, for San. Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 27— Stmr Thlng
valla. from Stettin. •.«-£.»
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed March 27— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, for New York. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 27— Stmr Cevic.
from New York; stmr Etrurla, from New York.
BALTIMORE— Arrived March 27— Stmr Or
thia, from Glasgow.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlfht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery atTMt.
terser Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
B7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
ttl McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«16 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
M4l Mission street; open until 10 o'clock,
1261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ntitll 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
J626 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and ft
A. M.— Called meeting THIS .(TUES-,JV_
DAY) EVENING, March 28, at 7:30 TKjf
o'clock. D. 3. '»'
»•:;..; GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M. •
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING, ,_J\_
7:30 o'clock. 3 D. I%J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /▼>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. ft
M.— Third Degree THIS (TUESDAY) _*V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Tt jt
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /V>
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. •^tfm^-
F. Important business and elec-.Sy^g9fe.
tlon of Grand Lodge represcnta- ■JSgMMsftr
tlvea THIS EVENING. "W/lhv^
J. A. WELLS, N. G.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204, I. -^jVlw^T"
O. O. F.. will elect representa- {SySzSJJvJis
tlves to th<-> Grand Lid go TtJES-
DAY EVENING, March XI. -^9^^
C. R. MACLACHLAN, Rec. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~
PILES- PETER FREILING'S pile salve." *1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
Itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
> standing. 1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter. .
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520 l
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hart man Paint Co., 319 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 91 ,of the
Oceanic Steamship Company (fifty cents per
share) will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market street, on and after
Saturday, April 1. 1899, .Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 25, 1899. at 13
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FiJ>IAI,K7~
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation-
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook arid laundress
desires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
RELIABLE cooks, second girls and Infants'
nurses, with good references, awaiting situa-
tions. MRS. KRAUSS, 315 Stockton St.: tel.
Clay 824.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook; strong and
willing: best references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
YOUNG colored woman wishes situation as
nurse or housework; good cook. Apply MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
Al SECOND girl, beet of reference, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman good cook, thoroughly
competent, wishes position; short distance In
country preferred. 16 Willow aye., off Larkln.
LADY, middle age, desires position; good plain
cook; can give mother's care to children; city
or across tne bay. 230^ Fulton st.
SITUATION wanted by competent woman with
a child; good plain cook; country preferred;
no triflers. Call 515 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED young lady desires position in
office; competent stenographer, typewriter or
assistant bookkeeper. Address Box 119b, Gall
office. •
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
hotel or private; city or country. 2<B Minna
street. ___
YOUNG lady who speaks German and English
wants situation as lady's maid; willing to
travel. Address Box 124», Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish g-irl, neat and steady,
with city references, wishes a situation to do_
general housework or as chambermaid; is a
good American cook and laundress; wages
from $25 to $30. Call or address 629 Steven-
son st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren wishes position as housekeeper. Call
at Golden West Hotel, Ellis St., room 125.
EXPERIENCED 'dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the .day. 209 Eddy st.
YOUNG, strong Swedish woman wants wash-
- ing or housecleaning; $1 and carfare. 18
Rausch st.
YOUNG girl wishes position where she can go
to school in afternoon. Address 1611 Vallejo.
YOUNG German girl, good cook, wishes house-
work; reference. 631 Larkin st.. tel. Sutter 02.
SWEDISH girl wishes position, to do general
housework or second work. Address 12 Rltch
St., oft Folsom. between Third and Fourth.
AN Eastern lady wishes position as working
housekeeper. 875 Washington st... Oakland.
WANTED— Situation by a young woman; any
kind of work by the day; $1 25 per day. Ad-
dress 200 Drumm Bt.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry; elevator.
GERMAN girl wants position at general house-
work; wages $20. Address 2 Tay St., oft
Clay. bet. Powell and Mason..
COMPETENT German lady wishes work by the
day. 132 Sixth st. .
SWEDISH girl wishe« position in a good pri-
vate family for general housework and cook-
ing; wages $25; can cook Jewish and Ameri-
can. Call Monday and Tuesday at 109 Cherry
st., between Washington and Jackson; Sacra -
mento-€t. car.
WANTED— Position by respectable middle-aged
woman; good cook and housekeeper; will j
cook for party in the country or outside town; j
only respectable parties need answer. 316H
Golden Gate aye.
HOME for strong healthy girl, aged 11, In
respectable family; would do household work
in part return for board after school hours.
Box 1229. Call office.
YOUNG American woman wishes situation to
do light housework; wages $15 to $18. Ad-
dress box 1236, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young lady, English,
as Infant's nurse; Just from East; has had
long experience. Address box 1183, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position as work- j
Ing housekeeper. Address L. W., box 24. Call
branch, office, 106 Eleventh st. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, I
15 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIOr.S WANTED—MALE.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. O'Farrell Bt. ; tel. East 421.
JAPANESE-CHiNKSK Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; teL Grant 5«.
WANTED— Position as gardener; private fam-
ily preferred; single; middle-aged; thorough-
ly callable; first-class references. Address
BOX 196, San Rafael. Cal.
SITUATION as coachman by an Englishman
who thoroughly understands his business; ten
years' references. Box 1195 Call office.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position In
private family; city or country. Address 2102
Larkin st.
WANTED— By a young couple, situation; city
or country; handy all-around people. Ad-
dress 200 Drumm st.
JAPANESE young and nice boy wants a posi- i
tlon at housework or school boy. Address j
HA NO, 121 Halght st.
BTEADY man wants situation to do general
work on country place; fully understands j
care of horses, lawn, garden, etc. ; references.
B. G., box 1247, Call.
STEADY, reliable young man would like posi-
tion as clerk or porter in wholesale house.
Address S., 387 Hayes st.
ACCOUNTANT of long and wide experience
wishes position as bookkeeper or office man.
Box 1214. Call.
EXPERIENCED grocer wants position: city
or country; references; German, English. E.
W., 1094 Treat aye.
WANTED— Situation by experienced barkeep-
er; city or country: references; German and
English. 3050 Twentyrfourth st.
COACHMAN and gardener, married, no chil-
dren; wife first-class cook or second work; !
city or country; first-class references from
former employers. Address box 1224, Call.
GERMAN, can handle wine and general mer-
chandise department, run bar and keep ac-
counts, wants situation; city or country; best
of references. Box 1245. Call office.
GERMAN couple wish positions on ranch or
dairy'; man experienced rancher and dairy-
man; wife good cook and housekeeper; ref-
erences. 101 Prospect place.
RELIABLE, industrious gardener; understands
the care of horses, milking, lawn, flowers,
vegetables, chicken raising; around private
place; city or country. Box 1157. Call office.
AN experienced vineyardist and wife would
like situation: understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
BAGNES. 813 Jessie st.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. $20. Menlo
Park: Santa Cruz. $20: see parties here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH NURSE, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
RESTAURANT COOK, $25 to $30; waitress,
came place, $5 per week. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FRENCH governess., $25; 3 second girls, $25, $20
and $15; a nurse, $20: housework girl. Con-
cord, $20. fare paid; Stockton. «25: Alameda,
(25; San Jose, $20; 12 housework girls. $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, housework, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK; small boarding house; $25. MISS CUIc
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl; assist light work; $12.
MISS c II, LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $25, as cook; small hotel.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
COOK, $30; laundress. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
8 HOTEL and restaurant waitresses. $20 and
$25 per month; 4 waitresses, boarding houses,
$15 and $20; 1 chambermaid, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at.
NURSE, 1 child 3 years old. $12; sleep home.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
STEWARDESS. $40 per month; first-class
hotel; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO iPhone Grant U6
2 waitresses and 1 chambermaid to assist
waiting, $20 each, for new first-class coun-
try hotel, free fare one way; 8 waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; 2 waitresses,
springs. $20; 2 chambermaids to wait, coun-
try, $20: waitress. 'slB; 2 first-class restaurant
' waitresses. $6, see party here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary.
PRIVATE family waitress, $25; German nurse
girl in hotel, $20; house girl. $25; nurse girl,
115, and cooks and house girls t«i numerous
to advertise. $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary.
MIDDLE-AGED German or Scandinavian I
woman as child's nurse; $15. MURRAY &
READY. 834 and 636 Clay st.
THREE waitresses and parlormaids. $25- 2
North German. Scotch English or North of
Ireland nurses. $25; 2 German cooks $25 and
$30; and girls for cooking and housework In
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO
316 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, $40; hotel chambermaid 5
waitresses, hotels and restaurants, $20 $5 and
CO. W lt6 -SuVteV s°t! he "- J - F " CROSETT &
TWO cooks, $30 and $25; boarding-house cook
$30; second girl, $35; laundress, institution'
$25; house girl. $25. small family; cook. Mill
Valley, two in family. $25: cook. Alameda. ,
$25; house girl, Sausallto. $20. and a number I
of young girls for housework. $15 and $20
MRS. NORTON. 313 Suttter st.
AT MRS. LAMBERTS, 4!S Powell, 4 German
cooks. $25. $30: laundress and waitress. W
3 second girls. $15. $'J5; 8 German housegirls
$15, $25; German cook, Oakland, $25, see lady
at 2 p. m.
NUMBER of girls to fill various situations;
city and country. Mrs. Krausa. 315 Stockton.
OLD lady to assist in care for child ; good
home; no wagea. Call forenoon I_7 Elltaet.
. ; : . HELP W. i.\TI.J- Continued.
WANTED— Young German girl for light house-
work. 1036 Clay St.. corner Mason. .
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. . 1651
Twelfth aye. South. • .•
APPRENTICES wanted at dressmaking; paid
while learning. 330 O'Farrell .st. ■■ ■_
1 A GOOD home for girl In exchange for light
work. Address Box 1194, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
. tleman. Room 4, 408 California st.
WANTED— Two well appearing young ladies to
canvass In town; good pay. Box 1198- Call
office. . •
WANTED— Thoroughly competent kid glove
saleswoman for Sacramento. Apply 523 Mar-
ket st., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking: paid while
learning. 14 Grant aye., room. 72.
ONLY experienced hands on silk waists; pow-
er. S. F. MFG. CO., 409 A Turk St.
WAIST TRIMMER, improver and paid ap-
prentice, 2014 Sutter st.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on custom
pants. . 410 Kearny st., room 20. second, floor.
APPRENTICE girl on custom-made coats; paid
well. 214 Seventh st. . • .
FIRST-CLASS ironer. Golden Gate Dye Works,
342 McAllister st.
FINISHER on coats. 235 Kearny st., room 11.
WANTED — girl who can sew; paid
while learning. Inquire 451 Castro st.
GOOD cook and girl to help wait on table.
Call 136 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress for ladies' tailoring.
COHN, 332 Sutter St. \ _
WANTED— Finisher on ladles' tailoring. II
Turk st.
GOOD girl for cooking and light housework;
reference required. 715 McAllister st.
WANTED— Girt to help In light housework.
426 Vi Grove St.
GIRL for housework; four In family; $20; also
upstairs girl, $15. 631 Larkin st. '
EXPERIENCED trimmers, makers and sales-
ladies. NORTH BEACH WONDER MILLI-
NERY, 1411 Stockton st. -
EXPERIENCED salesladies, makers and ap-
prentice* for millinery. 130 Sixth st. ;..-•"
YOUNG' girl for upstairs work. 1207 Gough
street.
YOUNG girl for downstairs work and cooking;'
good wages. 1207 Gough st.
GIRL to assist with housework; sleep home.
812 Taylor st.
GIRL to learn halrdressing and manicuring.
240 Stockton St.. near Post.
APPRENTICES wanted for millinery at MME.
A. GRAESSLER'S, 127 Taylor st.
DRESS skirt and shirt waist operators; horns
work. KRAKER, 226 Bush st.
HELP WASTED M-iLE.
D7sliwA^H^R^oTTo_rt7yTirs! Mlis^CUlX
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MURRAY _ READY Phone, Main 5548
Leading employment and labor agents,
WANT TO-DAY
Milker and butter maker $30 and found
Two milkers $25 and found .
Private family gardener $25 and found
28 farm hands $15 and $20
10 pick and shovel laborers $1 75 day
Tools advanced for 50 woodchoppers; boy to
learn butcher trade: furnaceman, quicksilver
mine. $40 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay fit.
IRONERS COOKS ..WAITERS
10 cooks hotels, etc, $30 and $35 and found;
ironer, country ..laundry, $30 and found; 3
waiters, first-class hotel, $25 and found: boot-
black. $6 week. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay st. «\ ■ '
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone, Grant 185
Joseph Casey and Thomas Davis, stonecut-
ters, please Call at once; Mr. Van Ness, bar-
keeper; wanted, laborers for new railroad
work, ship to-day Call early;
milker, $25; milker. $20; man to clean cattle
casings $2 a day; ironer and polisher, coun-
try, $1 50 to $2 a day; middle-aged cabinet
maker, country hotel, $20 and found, fare ad- .
vanced; coal miners. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. _^
FIRST-CLASS gardener wanted: blacksmith
for mine. $35 and found; blacksmith for camp,
$54; blacksmith and helper. $1 day and found;
American man about place, $25; farmer and
milker; carman for mine. $3 day and found;
4 drift gravel miners. $40 and board: ma-
chinist and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& C 0.,. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Coachman for gentleman's place,
near city, references required, $30 per month
and found; young German as choremari for
resort! near city. $25 and found; farmers,
milkers, $30; cooks and others. W. D. EWER
& CO., 626 Clay st. ■
GARDENER i for private place In country/
wages $25 and board; dishwasher for restaur-
ant., R. T. WARD, 608-610 Clay st.
TWO butlers wanted: must come well recom-
mended. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell.
— Contractor to clear land. MRS.
KRAUSS, 315 Stockton st. :
WANTED— Man from 20 to 30 years to make
himself generally useful around hotel: one
• who understands bar preferred. Address
Union League Hotel, Selby, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS plumber, gasfitter. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
COATMAKER for country. A_ply REIS3
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS painters. 463 Geary st.
ACTIVE man as partner;. $50, part cash; In-
vestigate. 40 Ellis St., room 19.
GOOD finisher and buttonhole maker for boys'
tailoring. • 20S .Rose aye., bet. Haight and
Page sts.
WANTED— experienced bedmaker at Rose-
dale House. 321 Ellis st.
LUNCH waiter "boy. 710 Washington st.
BOY wanted. POPULAR .PRICE HATTER,
330 Kearny st.
SEAMEN and young men for Honolulu and
the north. 10 Steuart St., upstairs.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker wanted. ROSE-
DALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis St.
MAN for general work in lodging-house; room
and board; small wages. 536 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS cook for a small restaurant.
Apply 519 Post st.
MAN for nursery work and Jobbing gardening-.
Call at 500 Hai_ht St. '.
WANTED— Japanese cook. Call at 839 Frank-
Un st., Oakland.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near- Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
5 MORE genteel men wanted: $2 to $4 day;
lower floor. 631 Golden Gate avt».
FOR sale A 3-chalr short-hour barber shop: at
a sacrifice on acount of sickness of owner.
Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m. at 423 Washington Ft.
BARBER shop for sale at a sacrifice: 2 chairs;'
15c and 25c. Inquire at 2045 Mission St.
AT Boulder Creek— loo tie makers; good tim-
ber; lone Job; 7xSxB foot ties. 12 cents each. .
MTDDLETON ft BLUM, Boulder Creek. Cal..
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of information: sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington. D. C.
MEN to go north; long Job: no experience re-
*i quired: no charges; everything found. At
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. ;-.-,'
RELIABLE honest man for office work: no ex-
perience necessary; must be satisfied with $75
per month and have $200 cash. WARD &
CO.. 1027& Market St.', above Sixth.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
. rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
. unmarried men between the- ages of 21 and 35
years,' who are citizens of. the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
Inches and 6 feet in height. For further in- •
formation apply at the Recruiting office, 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Men to learn the . barber trade.;
Bummer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know,
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davl3 St., near Jackson.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c: $1 to $3 per week.
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise; no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F. •
Barber College, 13S*4 Eighth st. .■ ■
! SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month,
i Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S "fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soleing. 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st. ■
j SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 26c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 wk. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
: WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and •
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE ■ furnished fine large sunny and airy-
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Slxt_l
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. . ;•' . AGENTS WASTED.
BE wise and get In while the proposition la
new and make good money. 183 Seventh st.
CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
file article on earth. BROWN. 331 Bush st.
PARTNERS WANTED.
IRTJTJER wanted with $15,000 to $30,000 to in-
;cst in business in Los Angeles: established
.2^years and now doing a business of $50,000
■er-year; increasing business demands larger
capital; exceptional opportunity for right
references given and required. Address
x>JC 121 C, Call office.
LADY with store wants partner with small
•apital: good paying business^ 1719 Mission.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
I DUNG ■ an from Philadelphia wishes board
and room, home comforts, in Protestant
Christian private family near Sixth and Mar-
ket sts. ; terms reasonable. Address W. N.
'■ . box 1226. c.-,:; office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
ANTED— 2 or 3 horsepower gas engine; state
price. Box mi. Call.
ANTED— IO tons old rubber, all kinds. Ad-
rtress S. F. Iron Yard. 204 Mission Et.
LODGING HOISTS FOR SALE.
v . C. DECKER
Office. 1020 MARKET ST.
11-room house in Angels Camp at a bargain.
15-room house; central; $100 cash $300
30 rooms; rent $S0; on Mission st 1300
E4-room house; clears $300 2000
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
6-room flat; cheap rent 175
IS-room house; clears $150 550
24-room house; new furniture 1400
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-room bouse; new and good 800
1C room; fine corner; muat sell 900
11-room house; clears $75 600
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE cail
on H. C DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
IS-ROOM house; worth $800; If taken to-day $350
will buy it. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
10 ROOMS and bath; new furniture; $300 cash,
balance payments to suit; bargain. DECKER.
1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO 22Mr GEARY
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
100 rooms: clears {3000 yearly; trial given. .$4OOO
50 rooms; hotel; tine dining room 2500
35 rooms; all new; best transient corner.. 1400
24 rooms; Geary Ft., near plaza; a snap.. 800
23 rooms; south of Market: clears $75 800
16 rooms; good furniture; clears $50 275
12 rooms; best on Post; great bargain — 700
11 rooms; fine; with piano; cheap 450
9 rooms; elegant home; carpets new 60"
6 rooms; 3 rooms pay rent; new 150
Call and see list. KREDO.
A— JISOO- 40 ROOMS; best block Mkt. St.; offices;
large transient. Kredo & Co.. 22 i Geary at.
BARGAINS' BARGAINS^, FRICE6!
IS rooms; rooms ail full; only $3
23 s ms; fine location: cheap rent 600
29 rooms; clears $75 per month SoO
51 rooms; three cornem: give away 850 I
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
75 ROOMS; sunny corner; cheap rent.. $-'_"•
25 ms; rent $80: bargain 650 i
12 rooms ; good furniture..... •.•"•~lnJf 0
Lots of bargains; money loaned. ElTEij,
1011 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE; bargain if sold this day.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
I LODGING house, bargain, to make Immediate
sale. ' COWING .<■ CO.. i>P5 Market st.
4t'-ROOM ,isinsr-hmisp; go location; owner
has run it for 10 years: compelled to sell ac-
count of other business; a bargain ; cheap
rent. Call 317 Third st.
LODGING-HOUSE for s=al<*; 9 rooms; newly
furnished: low rent; owner obliged to gif
north. 17 Powell St., up-stalrs.
JlT5— LODGIXG-HOT'SE. 9 rooms: well fur-
nished; full; bargain: no agents. 1^55 Market.
"OR sale cheap— lo-rnnm house: full of steady
roomers. Apply at 281 Stevenson St.
FOR sale — 9-room house; newly furnished: low
I rent: owner obliged to go north. 17 Powell
st.r, upstairs.
PRIVATE rooming house. 19 rooms, partly fur-
nished- in housekeeping- flats: all full: sunny;
central; $SW. Box 843, Call office, Oakland.
HYDE. 290—25 rooms; nicely furnished; 30 to
40 boarders; lease; cheap rent; good-paying
house; fine lrcation; no ' tiers.
J950 — GREAT bargain; 80 rooms; $350 cash, bal-
ance easy payments from Income of house.
i r 5 Kew Montgomery.
JIOUPE.' 10 rooms, furnished; full; piano; new
carpets; rent $26; clears $30. 726 Mission; $275.
HOUSE of 32 rooms: suitable for lodging house.
Inquire 1153 Howard St.. near Eighth. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
nnuntins for SAL—.
■ FURNITURE of I rooms, complete for house-
keeping; cheap. 622 Howard. ■
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
: range. King Furniture Co.'. 1127-1131 Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MR^ T. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
I!r«" reaJc-r: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
• : vat* chronic ar.d obscure diseases; diagnosis
free- sittings. $1. 232 Stockton Et.
.-.'MR? SOPHIA SEIP, spirit seer. 1724 Market
Ft., near Polk: counsel. 50c; by letter. oOc;
«.■ meetings every night. 10c.
■'■■'MMX. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; mc; 605 McAllister ft.; come skeptics.
MRP. HARLA.VD'S circle to-night; tests to all;
10c; prophetic readings dally. 120 Blxth st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
•. Sp. m. : 25c: 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght at.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. )
A^RIVArTEScTTR A f >RDIN A R Y.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st.,
;-- bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledge! by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
looking for Important information, and every
reply Is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculatron, lawsuits, old
#»tates, love, courtship and marriage —
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. '.' a. m. to 9:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond eight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles, 60c; gents. $1; sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St.. rooms & and 10.
BLANCHE DE CHAPEL.LE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms 9 and 10.
0 MME.' MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2£c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
GYPSY" life reader gives true readings: ladies,
' ■ toe; gents, 50c. 10<!3 Mission St.. near Seventh.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
'•] and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
i band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
•' part, present and future: 25c. 153*4 sth_,_r__
" PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
mair.e. 3388 Twenty-first St.. above Valencia;
tel White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
SL'PERFLUOUS HAIR. ■
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
■ electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
! st. : IS years' experience; references given.
7^~ EXPERT OPTICIANS,
:.KCTED eyeglght affects the brain, causes
. »erlous bodily ills. Mayerle's Periscopic Eye-
glasses are superior to all others for reading,'
- working" or distance; weak eyes; poor, sight.
Mayerle's new and exclusive methods in fit-
• .ling glasses by mail free. WRITE TO-DAY.
• ■ GEO. • MAVERLE. German Expert Optician
- • /German Optical In«t.). charter member Am-
"-'-grloan Ate, of Opticians, 1 71 >-j Market, S. F.
— — — -
LOST.
1 LOST— Pug dog; answers to the name Tiny.
. \ Return to 112 Hi st. Reward. t
: BUNDLE of red moquet carpet, to-day. Re-
'- ■ ward at 453 Stevenson_st.
■ LOST— A black, pocketbook containing money
and private papers in the name at R. Klrman.
! Finder- may keep money and receive addi-
- . ' tional reward by returning the papers and
: ; book to J. B. O'BRIEN. Call office.
-MARCH 32— Lost or stolen, black greyhound
.: dog. 8 months' old; scar on right side; reward.
I 3007 Octavla st.
! CUFF and button bet. 4th and 9th sts. on Har-
•' rison. Friday. Reward 432 Fourth st.
TO LEA«E.
KOR~l^ent^Park"House and cottages for rent or
lease. For particulars address J. T. ADAMS,
" Beo Lomond,' Santa Cruz County, Cal.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
NEAT corner grocery and bar, well stocked;
fine fixtures; living rooms: rent $25; price
$000. WILKIi: _ UNFUG, 808 Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store connected with
postofflce In lively country town; no oppo-
sition; including building. - lots £5x150;
$2000; Block vi merchandise about 33000;
rarest chance. For particulars call WILKE
_ UNFUG, SCO Market st.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; 1 block from
City Hall; 5 years' lease; a good paying busi-
ness;, established for years; new stock; best
class of custom; owner to make a trip to
Germany. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— s4oo— SALOON ; doing a splendid business;
best down-town location; California and
Montgomery sts. ; rent $45. Call WILKE A;
UNFUG, 906 Market st.
TRANSFER corner saloon: IS furnished
rooms: 3 pianos: cash register, safe, etc.; |
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
of liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
$225— CIGAR stand, Stockton and Market sts.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$160— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms;
rent $20: on McAllister St.; dally receipts,
$10. . WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market St.
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing place; best location; close to California on
Kearny st.; rent low. Particulars WILKE
_ UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$500— PARTNER in manufacturing business;
large stock; exclusive trade: J75 to $100 a
month clear each: no experience required;
plenty of work. Western Inv. Co., 9 Geary.
$200— PARTNER, light business; $18 a week; no
experience required: trial given; see it. West-
ern Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$450; saloon; Fourth st. $125; restaurant.
$350; grocery and bar. |$225; corner cigar-store.
$200— Dining parlor; free rent; clears $75 mo.
100 lodging-houses, prices from $90 to $3500. i
WARD & CO., 1027V6 Market, above ijixth. |
WE buy and sell business opportunities of
all kinds; our list Is the largest in the city.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$500— BARBER shop. 6 chairs; clears $100; sell-
ing account sickness. NATIONAL AGENCY,
7 Grant aye. •
SALOON— complete; death cause of Bale.
COWING & CO., B9S Market st.
SALOON; bargain. For particulars see
COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; by inventory; paying
business. COWING & CO.. 995. Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; will pay over $73 per
month to each yearly. COWING _ CO.. 995
Market Et.
A— sSoO- DELICACY, pork store and branch
bakery; $25 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
A— slso; BRANCH bakery and delicacy; receipts
$8 daily; 3 living roms. Kredo, 22Vi Geary.
A— s2oo; CORNER cigar stand; a rare chance; !
bargain, KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
$500— PARTNER wanted In a well established
tobacco and cigar business; receipts $S0 per
day; no previous experience necessary. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
I A— s2so; PARTNER wanted; old-established in-
door business- will pay $75 to $100 per month
each yearly. McLaughlin & Co.. 777 Market.
BARBER shop in country, connected with
cigar stand; good lease; cheap rent. Apply
to STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
WANTED— Treasurer for traveling theatrical
company; must deposit cash security. Call 6
Eddy at., room 118. SHERMAN.
CORNER grocery: great bargain; $1600; 4 liv-
ing rooms: fine business. 133% Fair Oaks, nr.
Twenty-third st.
■ RESTAURANT cheap; would sell furniture
and utensils; everything first class. Apply
Call office.
SALOON: good paying: in business quarter.
Apply book store. Clay and Montgomery; ata.'
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; near Union
Iron Works. 1245 Kentucky st. '
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3 p.
m.. or fit 636 Third st.
13260— ATTENTION grocers;' the best paying
corner grocery and bar in this city; estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class
paying cash store and bar trade; choicest
location; close to Baldwin Hotel: owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 400,
Call office.
$4000— CORNER grocery and bar; large stock;
good location; established 20 years; owner
died. Address box 1188. Call office.
GRAND chance for man and wife; fine busi-
ness- $400: worth $20fl0; also great snap, deli-
cacy store- $150; worth $800; see party at resi-
dence, IZS% Fair Oaks St., nr. 23d; no triflers.
PARTY" wanted to take interest in water
power 100 horsepower current wheel; will be
operated on tidewater on Kentucky st., near
Army. A. KRUSE. 314 Fifth aye.
MANUFACTURING business: patented
article; no competition; large profits. . 612
Examiner building. _
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Tkiah. Cal.
CALL and Bulletin route for Bale. -Inquire
339 Vi Clementina st. ■
WELL stocked saloon; good location; cheap.
Apply this office.
GROCERY and bar. well stocked. Seventeenth
and Noe. for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living rooms:
lease obtainable; store and Inventory open
* for inspection. For particulars apply on
premises or to CURTIN & BEAL'S, room 24.
8d floor. Mills building.
CORNER grocery; rent $35; a bargain. Inquire
of E. H. GEORGE. 533 California st.
FOR gale— A neat restaurant at 129 Fourth St.;
25.
FOB sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $25 a day. or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Halght st. _
$350— RESTAURANT; worth $1000 ; selling on
account of death in family: receipts $30 per
day located in 200-room hotel; owner going
to Europe; no agents. Call 933 Kearny st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED, blacksmith shop for sale,
with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway.
BAKERY in country town; good store trade; 4
horses and 2 wagons; $1200. Apply Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business, including stock
ana good will. 340 Third st,.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO S. 41-' Sacramento St.
■ DENTISTS.'
DR T S HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckela bldg.. 927 Market st
Painless extraction ■ a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood b.Jg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions. Tree, $4 &0 up, of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 0 to 2
p. m G W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years,
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling. 60c; crowns $3 o0^ all
work painless and warranted Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth. $5; crowns. $3; fillings. Me; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 8 Mason st.. corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market at near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and ft. lings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 PoIK st. , J
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. IS . Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor.. 6th.
I PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. 50c: sliver. 2-"'-: crowns. $3.
_ tAiirKT CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South %M.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fiend to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main 394. QEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
'453 Stevenson «t. ; teL South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRA TTON'S. 2 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie »44.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; lei. East 126.
PHYSICIAN'S.
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN, 621 Hayes St.; all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; disease*
of the eye treated by herbs. \
REMOVAL notice Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence, lO2li£ Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
■ ** - — .- -~ —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 28, 1899.
PERSONALS^
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AM no lawyer, but can materially assist you
free of cost if you want divorce; strictly con-
. fidential. Box 1193. Call. • . ■
YOU can MAKE your hair grow by using Led-
erer's Quinonia, 35c bottle. Lederer's Foamo ;
Shampoo is Be pkg. G. Lederer. 123 Stockton.
THEATRICAL managers will find It to their j
interest to invest in my wigs, closing out
1000 at 25c on the dollar; halrdressing 25c.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, . Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty. I
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES removed a specialty at the new
and handsome quarters. Harmonic Life In-
stitute, 708 Sutter st., near. Taylor; consulta-
tion free; receptions every Monday and
Thursday from 2 to 3 p. m.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or -'rong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, 60c up; this week
only: artistic opera dressing. La Verlte Hair-
dressing Parlors. 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth st. : $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladies In delicate
health. MRS DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth. Alameda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no" in-
Jectlon;guarntd.Dr.Gordln,6l4 Pine. ab. Kearny
DR. F. YON BUELOW has removed from 822
Valencia to 1206 Market St.. rooms 9 and 10.
BATHS, 12%e: 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladles: lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm seta $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing. furniture.bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
BERWIN _ GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale i
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st., bet: 7th and gth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $s up; dresses made
over: perfect fit.. 3 Eddy. MMIv GOLDSTEIN
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are gelling good upright pianos for $6
J caEh and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW good bargains in uprights from $1.20
up. All guaranteed.
Weber, in fine order.
Estey, used very little.
Bradford, good as new; Knabe. used seven
months. Easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & CO.. Chickering Agents,
IG-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. —
BARGAINS'. BARGAINS! BARGAINS'.
Pianos $40. $150. $200. $250, $300.
Positively can't be beat.
J. DEWING CO., M floor. Flood Mdg.. Mkt. St.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st.
$150— ELEGANT upright: stool, cover; on $5
installments. 1115 Post st. _________
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted.
Send postal card to COOKE, 1081 Howard st.
' PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1710 Mkt.
NEW pianos, stool and scarf. $3 per mo. rental.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: Installments. $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W~ G BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
BOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY, Sole Agent. 30S Post st.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy, 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos, now scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
1* pageg. In wrapper, for mailing. SI r«»r ypar.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for *ale: also wagon!", buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
227 Sixth et. ; auction wales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 8 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
10" SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
~ FOR SALE— 3IISCELLANEOUS.
A RARE bargain; 12-bore W. W. Greener
bammerless, Damascus shotgun, almost new,
for $60: cost $200. At UNCLE HARRIS" 15
Grant aye. __________
$350— SALOON: corner East and Greenwich Ms. ;
rent $20; owner has two places. Call 230 Pa-
cific st.
FOR SALE— Good safe, office and chairs. 220
Brannan st. ■' ; :^ -
Mercy Mineral Water Co., Oakland. Cal. : natural
cure for' female complaints, stomach, kidney,
■ liver, bowel disorders, rheumatism ;dampl;wrlte.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale— A 300-egg Incubator in good order;
very cheap. Cnll or address 1167 Twenty-
third aye.. Oakland.
CREAMERY machinery for sale: a bargain:
almost new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; sold separately or together. Apply
box 447. Petaluma, Cal.
GAS engine. M horsepower. $150; 8 horsepower,
$360; others, new and second hand. DI-namic
ENGINE CO.. 503 California st.
EIGHTH. 13S— Fruit store for sale cheap.
FOR Llewelyn breed pups; 1 month old;
cheap. 739 Pine st.
CANARY birds, males and females, cheap, at
3168 Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
ENGINES, dynamos, boilers, pumps, belting,
etc. WHITE'S, 516 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission Et.. nr. loth.
THOROUGHBRED St. Bernard dog; 11 months
old. Address 797 Mission at., corner Fourth.
pi r t EYB covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
P pa^e?laves power Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
PRENTICE lathe, screw cutting, full set of
attachments. See owner. 723 Capp st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and of flee fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission Ht..
above Sixth.
CAFES All sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
OVERSTOCK— St. Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt.
GASOLINE englnes-1 horsepower. $100; 2, $125:
8, $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 627 Mission st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 983 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. :09-l'.l Market. B. F.
ATTORNEYS AT LA W.
ADVICE free; R. W.King, attorney at law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building; no advance charges;
estates, mortgages, damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all ca*es; wills, contracts, etc.,
drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE freo: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, £50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister St., , near Hlbernla Bank.
j~ S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W, DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
~" SEWING MACHI .KS.
$2~MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
~ STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE -&• TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
I log, advance, etc. 733 Market; tel. Black. 811.
•„..... --- '- ■ - - ■ *.- ■
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 24 Morris aye., off Harrison,' near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house, renovated. $13; water
free; appreciated if seen; please investigate.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23% Morris *v«., near
Sixth and Harrison eta.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN _
HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery st. ■,
i SEVENTEENTH, 3434. near Valencia— House, 7
rooms and bath. In first-class order: rent $20.
SUNNY house. 6 rooms and bath, newly painted
-and papered; 220 Ash aye., bet. Van Ness
' and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
TURK, 1562— Cottage. 4 rooms; also 3-room cot-
tage in rear; large stable; rent reasonable.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 2231, cor. Harrison, facing
Garfleld square— rooms; sunny house and
large yard; rent reduced to $12; water free.
$10 60— HOUSE. 4 rooms, cellar, yard 468 Lin-
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna st 3.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st.; rent $6.
COTTAGE. 1819 Baker St.; 6 rooms and bath;
painted inside and outside; finished basement.
$6 PER month, 5 rooms, with chicken houses
I and Vt acre of ground. A. M. SPECK & CO.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms; yard; respectable lo-
cation. 1705 Turk st., near Scott.
1650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
will call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 621
X et.. Sunset District.
KLATS TO LET.
CLAY 1415 A, bet. Leavenworth and Hyde —
First-class sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath: ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms and bath. 122 1 * San
Jose aye., bet. Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth Bts.; very cheap. Apply 1515^4 Market.
GUERRERO, 1151. corner 24th— 5 and 7 room
sunny modern flats; stone basements. $15. $20.
HOUSES. j FLATS.
1220 Laguna,- 12 r... 535 3033 California, 6 r...520
707 Ellis. 6 r 25 j 209 Webster, 6 r 25
2214 Geary, 6 r 19 1609 Turk, 6 r IS
6 Willow ay. 6 r. 18 1 707 Stockton. 5 r 23
A. M. SPECK _ CO., 667" Market st:
HOWARD 1722. near Thirteenth— Sunny, new,
4 rooms; bath; $15: very choice; laundry.
MASON, 2319—6 rooms and bath; large lower
floor, 4 stalls, in whole or part.
MODERN bay-window flat; 4 sunny rooms and
bath. 70S A Brannan St.. near Sixth. r'r
1 OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW-
ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
POLK, 1710, near Clay— Bay-window flat. 7 sun-
ny rooms ; bath; $25.
I RINCON Hill— Americans owning house would
let (to parties without children) sunny corner
flat of 5 rooms and bath: bay windows; fine
view of city and bay; last party stayed 9
years. 351 First st. ; references.
SEE those elegant new modern flats and stores,
corner Valencia and Nineteenth sts. Apply
to L. A. SOUC & CO., 465 Valencia st., near
Sixteenth.
SIXTH, SS6A Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath, large
yard; rent reduced; $12.
SUNNY flat, 5 rooms and bath. 207 Stelner
st., bet. Halght and Waller.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms, modern, reasonable; also
one of 3. 1230 Broadway. ..
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath, 6V4 Dearborn,
off 17th, between Valencia and Guerrero. -
4 OR 5 unfurnished rooms, upper flat, for man
and wife; Western Addition or Mission, above
Valencia. Address box 1197. Call office.
4 ROOMS, bath. $12 and $14: 5 largs rms.. bath,
laundry, gardens. $22 50: 7-room house, bath,
laundry, gardens, $25. Dempster. 36 Glen Park
aye.. off 12th st. ; location should be seen.
jS THREE upper rooms; 4 closets. 1008 Na-
toma St., near Eleventh; rear.
$15— OUR nice sunny rooms. 631 Grove, be-
tween Octavla and Laguna sts.
$23 2147 MARKET St., corner Guerrero; modern
sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath. Apply
SHAIN'WALD. BUCKBEB & CO.
$17— FLAT newly papered and painted; 5 rooms
and bath. Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD St.. near Castro; upper
Funny 6 rooms; $15.
697 Noe St.. corner Nineteenth; upper S rooms;
m.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING 1
CASTRO, 429. rear. Bear 17th— 2 sunny hkpg.
rooms; large yard: stable if desired; cheap.
CHESTNUT. 293— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping: marine view and sun; cheap; no
small children.
DEARBORN. SO. off Seventeenth, near Valen-
cia— 3 large sunny rooms; furnished complete,
for housekeeping ; piano; $15.
FELL 26—2 or 3 nice sunny front rooms par-
tially furnished; reasonable.^
FIFTH 3 .3 — Clean furnished housekeeping
rooms; 3 for 12; 2 for 12; single rooms. $■"> up.
FIFTEENTH, 2136. north of Market— unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms in cottage with
quiet couple; stable If required.
FULTON, 213— or two unfurnished front
parlors and room for light housekeeping.
FULTON, 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; $13. _^^_
GROVE, 425 1 / &— Large pleasant front room; use
of kitchen; sunny yard and garden; $5. :
HOWARD. 649— Large furnished front room;
other rooms; also bath; for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— furnished
sunny rooms; also housekeeping; transient.
HOWARD, 2381—2 sunny furnished rooms, run-
ning water, stove, bath, $S.
HYDE, 609— Suites of 2 or 3 rooms; complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; 12 to $20.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— A sunny floor with
large front alcove, kitchen complete for
housekeeping; bath; private; rent $13.
LINDEN aye., 285—2 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; water; bath; rent $10. ,
MINNA,' 725, between Eighth and Ninth— 2 big
sunny unfurnished rooms; bay window; gar-
den; big yard. i
MISSION, 14358— 4 sunny rooms to rent in part
or mil; bath included.
NINTH, 20—2 sunny connecting rooms, $10;
bay-window suite, $12; stove, water, gas.
POLK 522— Furnished and unfurnished" house-
keeping rooms; also single; rent cheap.
POWELL, 418— Rooms; housekeeping: furnished
• or unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 178— Sunny cheerful furnished
rooms for hkpg.; running water; large yard.
STOCKTON, Furnished rooms for house- i
keeping; rent cheap. : ■
TAYLOR, 609—3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
light housekeeping.
THREE comfortable rooms for American cou-
ple: part rent in board for owner. At 3990
Twentieth Bt. ; Wednesdays.
TURK. 529—2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water.
TWELFTH, Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; gas stove; se-
lect locality.
VAN NESS. 31— Suite of 3 bay-window sunny
rooms, rent $18; also 2 single.
— 4 rooms, bath, gas; Twenty-second-st. cars
pass. 3853 Twenty-fourth st:
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Geary. 14 Double room; gas; running
water; first floor. ■
AT Stockton, Sunny front rooms; e'Jltes,
single; facing plaza; day or month. -•
AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk., $1 60 to
$5; single. $1 to $1 60; night. 250 to 50c
BRODERICK. 1811, bet. Geary and O'Farrell— B
unfurnshd. rms.; large, sunny; yard; rent $16.
BURNETT, 1426 Market told No. 1364)—
nished rooms, suites, tingle; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 634, The La Mar— Newly furnished
gunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
DEVISADERO IS23— Neatly furnished rooms;
private family; no children; $5 per month.
EDDY, Pleasant sunny front rooms; also
single and housekeeping rooms; rent reasnbl.
GEARY, 610— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window room; running water; $12.
GEARY, 736, near Leavenworth— l double room.
$6; 1 single, $5: bath.
GEARY, 822— Sunny front suite; single rooms;
hot and cold water; folding bed.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; grate, running water; .pri-
vate family; reasonable. '.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families. .
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $« per week.
JONES ST.', 117— Neatly furnished sunny room;
running water; $.<» . . '
. . -. . .- . ■ .
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
■LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— large
rooms and kitchen, unfurnished, $9.
MARKET, 1130, near Taylor— House changed
. hands; nice front sunny rooms, suitable for
offices; other rooms; rent very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 613. cor. Van Ness— Neat fur-
nished rooms, with gas, hot and cold water
and bath; $6 per month. __
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MINNA, 713—1 large double front room; sunny;
rent reasonable.
MISSION, D2syz— Nicely furnished double and
single sunny front rooms.
MONTGOMERY, 137, and Bush, 305— Nicely
furnished rooms by the day, week or month.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 902— Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished; private.
OLIVE aye., 127—2 unfurnished rooms and 1
furnished. __
OLIVE AYE., 110, off Polk, near O'Farrell—
Small furnished room with bath.
SEVENTH, 192 '(Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 18 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.^
SIXTH. 136— Furnished rooms; light housekeep-
ing rooms; $1 per week; quiet house.
STEVENSON. 409. and Mint aye., 22. near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rms, grate; SI up.
TAYLOR. Sunny furnished rooms; quiet
house; transients: bath; changed hands.
TURK, Nice clean sunny room; bath; $1 25
per week. -
VAN NESS avenue, Newly furnished
front room. $10; also room off parlor.
2 SUNNY front rooms, water and closet; rent
?fi. 252 Natoma St.. near Fourth. ' ■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, %\ per year.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS, 607— Newly furnished rooms with first-
class home cooking; with gas, bath and tel.
FIRST, Swedish private boarding, wltii
■ room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, 822— Front suite, suitable for doctor
or dentist; single rooms; board optional.
HYDE. 299— Large sunny rooms, with excel-
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
LEXINGTON aye.. 257— Furnished room with
board, suitable for young lady, $3 50 week.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
O'FARRELL. Large nicely furnished front
room with board; private; $45 for two.
POST. 609, near Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front suite: bath; excellent board.
RESTAI'HAKTS.
PERI NTS. 16 Mason St.— French dinner. 60c;
lunch. 25c or a la carte; prt. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: nny 2 15c dishes, with
email coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
cream ntrlor. 1035 Market.: popular prices.
CHILDREN. IIOAROED.
LADY alone would like 1 or 2 children to
br>ard; good home: near sea. Address MRS.
PENT. West Berkeley P. O.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER saloon to let on Sixth st; occupied
by one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. 8. CAPP Sl CO., real estate agents. 630
Market st. .
|14— 3551 Twenty-fourth St.; corner store; 4
rooms; stable if desired; 22<1-st cara pass.
STORE and 2 living rooms; cellar. Apply 411%
Third st.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
came day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
15; home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by co»-
FuHinjj the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WTETH. 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkln; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A PURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS DR. GWYER. 5» Eddy St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkln: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick curs guar-
anteed; any dlcease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy," privacy, home,
] etc • babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay self-cure sent; call G* write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1223 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong. 12. ___
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician: can be sent
Bate and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases or irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money,
treatment can be used at home; consulration
free. Call or write, 1023H Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetric*:
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance: pills, $1; cure.
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. in.
DR and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
me— Private home in confinement, with every
on: rt • best care and attention; terms mod-
erate iVjnilar physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m. ■
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro/' the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
*t - $1 50 Send 2c stamp for circulars to Sa-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; »2 60;
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st.-Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home in confinement; best refs.:
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wledemann. midwife.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 11." Mason st.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction mechanical drawing, mathematics.
•BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francalse," will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition: every pupil who Joins
class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at French Library. City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton, 3 to 4, 8 to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping: rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rma. 572-6. Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, | telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Kills system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MARGARET JACKSON, professor piano, har-
mony, voice culture. Studio 523 Turk st.
ELOCUTION and French. $3 per mo. : 4 times
weekly. Mercantile Library, rooms 4-5-6* , .
CITY RRAI. ESTATB. !
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank. •
$25,000— $IS6; fine business proposition
on Larkin St.; a real snap; best portion of it;
large lot, 2 stores and 8 flats of 6 and 4 rooms
each. „
$10,000— An excellent investment; 3 fine 2-
story bay-window houses on Haight St., near
Market; lot 55x137:6: rent $75: brick founda-
tion: garden walks bitumlnized.
$25.000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest
corner, 65x100 feet; improvements 3 st6res Hnd
3 flats above and 2 cottages, all rented; $:«.-
-000 was offered for it and refused 1 years ago;
there is a fortune in this property.
120.000— St.. near Sixth; lot «xBO
feet, with two 10-room houses, which should
be raised and stores put under to make it one
of the best-paying properties.
$1000— ONLY $250 cash, balance $10 a month;
city poultry farm; new double bay-window
house; brick foundation; nice stable, chicken
house and city water: an absolute sacrifice.
P. A. DO LAN. 40 Montgomery St.. room 7.
$450— 75x200. running from 12th to 13th
ayes.. South San Francisco, within 600. feet of
public school; 2% blocks from Third-st. elec-
tric cars; title Insured. F. A. McNALLT &
CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
— : i MISSION COTTAGES— —
Four 5. 6 and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St.. between Castro and
Noe; $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold In same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
WANTED at once— lncome property: must be
cheap. Call A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 667 Market.
WAY below cost: fine store and elegant flat.
6 rooms and bath; always rented. $60; lot
27:6x132:6. Premises. 3037 Sacramento st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwcod, Shasta County. Cal.
MARIN Co.. 26 miles from S. P.— 140 to $S0 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sires; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
nnd water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FAKM CO.. rm. 27, Bth floor. Mills bldg . 8. F.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COT ATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
SALE or rent— Chicken ranch; suburban home;
cheap. T. ABRAMS. box 174. Petaluma. Cal.
CHEAPEST and b-«t In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. •
MONEY TO LOAN. £
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back In Installments or as a whole: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price *we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us nr»t;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st. >
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies biwght; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. telephone Main 1844.
BORROW money on indorsed paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell St.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United StatPS. nnstpnH. for *1 per year.
______
jtTnasciajl.
i MONEY to loan— Real estate. 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Kmnmlnor big.
| OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL SSTA-"B.
A— MONTHLY rental for a nice chicken
ranch: 4 large chicken houses, fine brooders.
4 nests, 12 compartments; 6- foot high wire
fencing: very complete for Immediate busi-
ness; will sell, If desired, at a bargain; a
few lots left unsold, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5
monthly: will make special terms If desired:
Allendale settlement. East Oakland; 53 fam-
ilies within 2 years have located and own
their homes; streets all graded, some are
macadamized: near a fine 3-story schoolhouse
and 3 electric car lines and also a 90-foot
wide boulevard: site, climate, and soli the
very best: no fogs nor cold winds here. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., near
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALB.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. BCHELL-
HAAB' old «tore. 408 Eleventh st. 3e» him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEOA REAL ESTATB.
$1000 — Lot 50x125: house 5 rooms; pood location.
$2200—75x150: cottage, 5 rooms: Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand St., near San Antonio aye.
$3500—50x150; new 8-room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot oh Chestnut St., near San Jose
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at
Morton street station.
The above are in best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit; convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office, 30 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x150;
fine artesian well, windmill, etc. : easy terms.
$3100— Elegant new home. 8 rooms; lot 42x133;
Santa Clara aye. : terms $400 cash. $25 per mo.
$2600— N*w Colonial cottage, 6 rooms; lot 4Jx
207; half block from station and high school;
terms $400 cash. $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms; lot 40x150; fine
location; Ban Antonio aye.: Chestnut Station;
terms $500 cash. $25 per month.
A fine business corner. 25x82:8; store and flat
above; new and modern; must be sold; owner
going East.
Houses to let In all parts of AlamMa.
H. P. MORTTAT. » CO 14« Pnrlc «t.
. DELINQUENT NOTICES.
H^LifN^lfE^N^r^A^E^^OTlC&^M^ccTn^nmng
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business, San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE— There Is delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 14th day of February, A. D.
1899, the several amounts set opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
l0WS: No. No.
Name*— Cert. Shares. Amt.
Elvin C. McCall « 10,000 $500
Elvin C. McCall 1 6.000 300
Elvin C. McCall 8 1.000 60
Elvin C. McCall 9 1.000 50
Clarence C McCall 19 10.000 MO
Clarence C. McCall 11 6,000 800
Clarence C. McCall 12 1,000 60
Clarence C. McCall 13 1.000 . ' 60
Michael O'Sulllvan 14 10.000 500
Michael O'Sullivan 15 6,000 300
Michael O'Sulllvan 16 1.000 60
Michael O'Sulllvan 17 1.000 50
Jonas Weyl 18 6,000 300
And In accordance with law and an order of
the board of directors, made on the 14th day
of February. 1899, so many shares of each par-
cel of such stock as may be necessary will be
sold at the office of the company. No. 215
Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco. Cal., on
Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of
12 o'clock m. of said day. to pay delinquent as-
sessments thereon, together with the coats of
advertising and expenses of the sale.
ELVIN C. McCALL. Secretary, .
Office. 215 Golden Gate aye., San Francisco,
Cal.
MAHHIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
William F. Ohm and Anna M.Tobenboske. 33-26
Patrick McKeon and Kate Graham 30-25
W. yon Floennle* and Mamie Coughlin... 26-26
Hugh O. Curran and Maud Conroy 21-20
William P. McAlpln and Mac Gr15w01d... 33-39
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GILLESPEY— In this city. March 23. 1899, to
the wife of C. M. Glllespey, a daughter.
PETERSON— In Sacramento. Cal., March 20,
I '.''<. to the wife of James Peterson, a son.
MARRIED. "
OATZERT— SCHUBEL— In this city. March 26,
[899, by the Rev. J. <; Mangold. Conrad Gat-
J zert and Bertha £chubel.
■
REYNOLDS — FISTER-In New York Cit}.
March 27, 1599. Robert W. Reynolds of New
York and Nettie L. P. Fister of Oakland.
__— — —
~DIED.
Brett, Marie L." . Metten. Francis _
Bryant. Lillian R. Meyer, John C. .
Cunningham. Hugh Meyers, Miry
Dering. Emilie E. D. Neagle. Oarett E.
Hoxell John v. O'Connor. Patrick
Ingram, William Paterson, Margaret
Johnson. Patrick Rodgers, Patrick B.
Kent, Josephine Steinmetz. Mrs. C.
Krogh, Marcus Tivnan, Peter
McSweeney. Edward Wannenmacher, Kit-
McFadden. Ellen tie
McKinnon, Donald • Watson, Henry •
BRETT-In this city. March 26. 1599, Marie
Louise, beloved wife of J. L. Brett, a native
of Douai, France, aged 29 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respecv-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from Notre Dame
dcs Vlctolres Church. Bush street, between-
Grant avenue and Stockton street, where a
requiem mass wlll.be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul. Remains at the Parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. corner
of Stockton and Geary streets. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
BRYANT- In this city. March 27. 1899. Lillian
Rouse Bryant (nee Hardy), beloved wife of
John Bryant, daughter of the late Bridget
Hardy, and piece of the late Mar-..— Haley,
a native of San Francisco, anted 30 years 11
months and 5 days: A member of 1. -L- A-
N (CrFriend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 705 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where «■ requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at JO o'clock. • Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •_,.
rOUNG 1 (UJIES INSTITUTE NO 2-Pear Bl«-
-\,U You ar- hereby notified to atte «d _tb«
funeral of our late sister, Mrt^UUle^Bry-
ant. at 9 ?*g- «"&&&£? Sretf&nt
MARY DONOVAN. Secretary. „
CUNNINGHAM -In Valley. March 2. 1899. -
C Hugh H G , H b A husband of Catherine '"£
nlnibam and father of Joseph X- Thomas:
F. and Mary A. Cunn nghani and Mrs J. w. •
t Kavanagh, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years
7 Friend" d a"d d «qualntanc . are respect-
fuTlv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 °'^* Jr° m th h ' n i ce la t t o
home on Alabama street, A ' JO ; 1p m hi to .
St. Vincent's Church, where a solemn itW
requiem mass will be celebrated orthere-
.1., of his soul. Interment St. Vincents
DEMNG-in this city. March 27, lS99Fmn, B .
_SeV«« d 'lfce Be^||n?si|fr
ETSwSnds and acquaintances are respect-
C^Vrfends and acquaintances are re«pect-
HOXELL-In this city, March 25 : 1899 .John
(Tuesday) at 2 o clock, from Union Square
Hall 421 Post street, under the auspices of
the Benevolent Society. Star of Finland. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
rvrnAM— ln the City and County Hospital,
_ren«.lBMV William Ingram, a native of
Ireland, aged 54 years. March 27 1*». Pat-
JOHNSON-In this city, March 2 (.1899. Pat-
rick Johnson, a native of Ireland, at'ed .0
KENT-In this city, March 25. 1899, Josephine
dearly beloved daughter of Mary and l the late
James Kent, and sister of Nellie Kent, a na-
tive of .San Francisco, aged IS years and 8
"SrTbe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her aunt Mrs. F. Perry, 2 Noe street,
thenceTo Mission Dolores Church for services..
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KROGH-rn this city, March 25. I*"? Marcus,
beloved husband of Hanna Krogh. father of
Marie and Peter Krogh and brother of An-
drew Krogh of Hay war-Is, a native of Sond-
erburgV Schleswlg-Holsteln. Germany, aged oO
H !'^ost^reet. t birPoweS n andS
where the funeral services *"\*"**}sJ*J
No Cl °3 k ofX de Da^hTo P cie?y. 0f M»rs«
_S__Ss£sffl^S^g|^2
Fellows' Cemetery.
MrSWEENEY— In this city. March 27, IS?9.
Edward McSweeney, a native of Ireland,
McFADDEN'-In this city. March 27. 1899, Ellen,
youngest and beloved daughter of Jam«» and
Helen McFadden. and sister of Alice McFad-
den. a native of San Francisco, aged 8 months
McKINNONIIn this city. March 27 1899 Don-
ald McKir.non. late of steamship City of Pe-
king, a native of Scotland, age.l 28 jears.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuliv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednerfa7). at 1 o'clock under the auspices
of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. landI and 9 A . ( , M l :ris^
the Mission Masonic Temple, 266S Mission
street between Twenty-second and Twenty--
third.' Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re-
mains at the funeral parlors of H. C. Bunker
& Co.. 26C6 Mission street.
METTEN-In this city, March 27. 1899. Fran-
cia Louis, dearly beloved and youngest son of
Anton and Apolonia Metten, and beloved
brother of Joseph Metten, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 8 days.
tTTFrien.ls an.l acquaintances are resQect-
invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ \\WnL". .vl at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his raVVnts. 201 Ney ' street, off Mission
road. interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEYER— In this city. March 26. 1899, John
Christian beloved son of Mrs. Anna and the
late Henfy Meyer of Rechtenfleth. Germany,
nephew of Henry Kohn. and cousin of Jo-
hanna Kohn and Kohn Bros., a native of
Brooklyn; NY . aged 29 years and 10 months.
ICrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral _ this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Shiels' Hall 32
O'FaVrell street, under the auspices of the
Norddeutscher Verein. Remains at the par-
lors of HF Maass, 917 Mission street. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MEYERS-In this city, March 2o 1899. Mary
Mevers beloved mother of Mabel Allen, a
native of County Waterford. Ireland, aged
41 years And 4 months.
VyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence f to St. Patrick's Church, where serv-
ices will be held for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
NEAGLE^In "rockett. March 26, 1899, Garett
it beloved son of John and Julia Neagle. .a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 years 3
m g r^"&£ ra \ a3 will take Place this day
(Tuesday), on arrival of the 10:45 train at foot
of Market street. Interment private. Holy
O'CONNOR— In "this city. March 26, 1899. Pat-
rick beloved husband of Hannah O'Connor,
and father of Charles. John, William. Hannah
and Tessle O'Connor, Mrs. M. J. Riley ana
Mrs. T. J. Clisham, a native of Ireland, aged
6 'rTFri'ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence 2SO Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
sou* commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
PATERS ON-?n"his city, March 27 1599. Mar-
PATERSON-In this city. March 27. 1599. Mar-
caret beloved wife of George Paterson. and
mother of George W. and Annie G. Paterson.
Mrs C McEntee, Mrs. James Baxter and
Mrs Elizabeth Anderson, a native of Water-
ford Ireland, aged 58 years.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from her late residence. n«4
Tehama street, thence to St. Joseph's Church
Tenth street, where a requiem high mass will
It -aid l for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
RODGERS-In this city, March 27. 1599. Patrick
B dearlybeloved husband of the late Bridget
Rodgers and father of Mary A. and Thomas
L Rodgers and Mrs. Frank P. Loughran. a
native of Newry. County Down, Ireland, aged
63 years 7 months and 12 days.
irrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 209 Virginia avenue, off Mission St.. be-
tween Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth, thence to
Xt Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.- In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . -
•STFIXMKTZ— In Alameda, March 27. 1899, tort.
S Clara Stelnmetz, beloved wife of Theodore
Steinmet*. and eldest daughter of Hester K.
Van Oterendort. a native of Germany, aged
37 years 11 months and 27 days.
rrrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Captain K. Van Oterendort. 1711
Central avenue. Funeral private. Please
omit flowers.
TIVNAN-In this city, March 27. 1899 Peter
Tlvnan, a native of County Sligo, Ireland,
Remains at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street. j
WANNENMACHER— In this city, March 28,
1599, Kittle, beloved daughter of Robert and
Christine Wannenmacher. and sister of Reu-
ben Wannenmacher, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years 6 months and 9 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 405 Frederick street, corner of
Cole. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
WATSON— At the Home of the Adult Blind.
Oakland. March 27, 1899, Henry Watson, a
native of Coatbridge. Scotland, aged 62 years
and 9 months.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., ,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
10 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South --
1112
KILBURN WILL
TRY TO GET IN
THE BACK DOOR
Board of Harbor Commission
ers' Meeting This Afternoon
May Show Surprises.
The New President Adopts a Plan to
Sneak In Under Escort of the Outgo
ing Co.non and Chadbourne Hopes
to Profit by the Scheme.
Tf State Harbor < !om.
■ ■:■ oe
! according to cus
;" Coli ■;. the ou
to his
m. The reins
. ; y be a»
n in .ip. easy, un
• he i? quite fa
. ng pub
.:-' ,1 pOll
• Salinas some
Hi- has served gal
; four years as Sur
:•. The emoluments of
this positi msiderable, but not
Mr. Kilburn for
. thful attachment to the
irty. A further reward
b< sto^ cd. lie was ap-
Oommissibner under the
of Governor
Markham, and served for more than
rears. After nearly nine years of
holding many persons supposed
that Mr. Kilburn would be permitted
to enjoy the sweet solace of private
intrammeled by the cares and re
sponsibilities of official position. The
• of Salinas was not allowed
: :. of rest from public duty, aa
called upon him to
the people for four years more
as pr< sident of the .State Board of Har
ommissioners.
When the board meets to-day Mr.
Kilburn will doubtless present his cre
dentials in a pleasant style, and as his
appointment is recognized as straight
and regular— free from any suspicion of
bricks— -he will be invited by Commis
sioners Harney and Herold to take his
place at the head of the table.
F. S. Chadbourne may ap
n arnl present his
: credentials, or he may elect to
me time later In the season.
nel Chadbourne is not a stranger
the water front, for by the grace
Markham he served one
lull term .:.< Harbor Commissioner and
was . :. speaking terms with h:s ;■
< !omi ■: the nine. No
,;<• the assertion that
Colonel Chadbourne, In the full uniform
of his mnk as a staff officer, is a "thing
of beauty," and ih> refore, in the se
queii' try, must be a "joy for
>hould in- present himself at
. in tu.l uiiiturm Commissioner Ru
dolph Herald might surrender his seat,
but it is surmised that Colonel Chad
bourne will not use military force.
When he presents his credentials the
document will be closely inspected by
Commissioners Kilburn, Harney and
Herold. It <an be predicted to a cer
tainty that the invitation for the
take a seat as a member of
the board will not be unanimous. Many
of the Senators at Sacramento ex
pressed the opinion that Governor Gage
gave Colonel Chadbourne a gold brick.
In fact the Governor himself doubted
whether < hadbourne's appointment
would hold, but in deference to a de
sire among the friends of Colonel Chad
bourne that the appointment should be
made, the name was sent to the Senate,
.bourne has not made up
h's mind whether he will present tin
credentials to-day or later on. He will
confer with his attorneys this forenoon
and be guided by their advice. He went
to Sacramento with Governor Gage
Sunday evening and returned yester
day evening. At the Palace last night
Colonel Chadbourne was asked if he
■was not led to believe that he would
be appointed president of the board —
the position which went to Paris Kil
burn—and in reply said:
•'I have nothing to say on that sub
ject—whether 1 was led to believe or in
fer this thing or that thing makes no
diffei ■ >w."
When it was suggested that the ap
pointment which he secured resembled
a 'Sold brick," the colonel resented the
suggestion, Baying that the gold brick
1 as stuff.
"Here is the Issue," continued Colonel
Chadbourne: "I wis appointed Har
bor Commissioner to succeed Commis
r Herold. it was represented that
rrior Budd did not legally appoint
Mr. Herold. and, therefore, a vacancy
exist. 'l which Governor Gage had a
right to mi. 1 was appointed as a
Republican to Bucceed the Democratic
Commissioner. The contest is not he-
Mr. Herold and myself but be
tween the Republican and Democratic
s. It is the judgment of good
lawyers that Mr. Herold's appointment
will )i"t hold in the courts. One year
ago i surrendered the office which Mr.
Herold now holds because my. term of
four years had expired. 1 did not ques
tion "his right to succeed me, but in
troduced him to the board in a pleas
ant, friendly manner. We are still on
friendly terms. I shall not try to
k into the board with an ax and
he wil! r:<«t try to drive me from the
with an ax. The duty of making
the contest in the curts may devolve
upon me as the representative of the
blican party and I shall make a
us effort. It shall not be said
that 1 was weak and faltering in the
rmance "f my duty as a Republi
■
Colonel Chadbourne was asked this
Lion: "Do you understand that
lissioner Herold will occupy the
.. the board -while you make the
st in the courts."
"1 am not prepared to speak on that
point. If I am not seated when mv
credentials are presented I shall insti
tut.- proper proceedings in the court to
obtain the seat."
The point is advanced that Mr. Her
old did not qualify as Commissioner
and file his bond within the time re
quired by the statute. This is one of. if
not the principal point relied upon by
th«? Republicans.
Paris Kiiburn, at his home on the
hills north of Rerkeloy, was interviewed
last nisht. The story of a. private ar
rangement with Commissioner Colnon
is told in th<> Interview as follows:
OAKLAND, March 27.— Paris Kii
burn says he is already a Harbor
Commissioner and President of the
board and hns no necessity to present
credentials to-morrow.
"A few days ago," he said, "I met
I.lr. Colnon, and he said he was ready
to give way to inc. so we went down
to the Harbor Commissioners' office
and he showed me around. I filed my
credentials with the clerk last week,
and have already been a Commission-
er for several cbys. I asked Mr. Col
non whether any particular ceremony
had to be observed, and he said that
he knew of none. Not even a meeting
is necessary for a change of Commis
sioners. Mr. Colnon was presiderrt of
the board and I have succeeded him.
At the meeting to-morrow., if one be
held. I shall preside, and I do not
know if Mr. Colnon will be on hand
at all. He is no longer a member of
the board.
"I do not know anything of what Mr.
Chadbourne may do. hut I will say that
I do not anticipate any trouble or fric
tion whatever. If any contention
should arise between Mr. Herold and
Mr. Chadbourne I suppose thr courts
must settle it. I certainly will not pre
tend to say now which one 1 would rec
ognize at a board meeting, because ! do
not anticipate any such difficulty aris
ing.
"I do not know if Mr. Chadbourne
riled his credentials with the secretary
• a few days ago, as I did, but I am in
clined to think not."
Commissioners Harney and Herold
have no official knowledge that Paris
Kilburn is a member of the board.
They saw Mr. Colnon transacting busi
ness in the usual way at the old stand
yesterday. He was certainly perform
ing the functions belonging to the of
fice of president of the board and no
one questioned the right of perform
ance. His fellow Commissioners were
not apprised of any change in the presi
dency of the commission.
There wili be a meeting a the hoard
this afternoon at 2 o'clock. Commis
sioners Harney and Herold expect that
some preliminary business will be
transacted, after which Mr. Kilburn
will present his credentials, including
the certificate of the Secretary of State
that his bond has been approved and
filed as the law requires. When such
presentation is made the Commission
ers will direct that the credentials be
spread upon the minutes.
In this proceeding there will be no
departure from the usual and time
hnnored course of introducing a new
member of the board. Mr. Kilburn will
not be recognized Its a member of the
board until his credentials are so pre
sented and accepted.
The record of Commissioner Herold's
appointment by Governor Budd will
clear away some erroneous notions on
that point. On March 14. IS<>7, Governor
Budd sent a communication to the Son
ate asking permission to appoint Mr.
Herold for a t^rm beginning March 13,
IS9S. On March 19, ISiiT. the Senate con
firmed the appointment. On March 13,
l*f»s. Governor Budd issued the com
mission to Mr. Herold and on the fol
lowing day Mr. Herold qualified as a
Commissioner.
THERE WILL BE
NO CHILDREN
OF THE OWL
Coming Election in
Bohemia.
There will bo. an election in P.nhemia
noxt month and the. owl is pluming him
self for tho pvpnt. but there is not that
enthusiasm which generally marks the
days preceding the club's annual choice
of officers. There is but one ticket In
tho field so far. and there is not even a.
hint of opposition, .and within three
weeks the one-sided tight will be on un
less some, good Bohemians will get to
gether to raise political trouble.
The election this year will be an event
in more ways than one. Hitherto the
owl has always had two or three of his
own chosen people among the aspiring,
but this year the ticket is given over to
mammon. There is a solitary lawyer in
the bunch, but the rest are from the
walks of trade — birds of the day and not
of the night; creatures of the counting
house and the cash book, not real fancy
free children of the owl. The ancient bird
will sit in solitary state in the council
and long for some kindred spirit to plead
for the men on the tag list and the due
book. It will be a commercial board, a
body of men to whom prompt "payments
ami regular hours are matters of exist
ence and so the owl is not looking for
ward to the election with much interest.
As presented by the nominating com
mittee, the ticket is as follows: Vander
lynn Stow, president ; W. <;. Stafford,
vice president; T. M. I'ennell, secretary;
Howard ( '. Houghton, treasurer; V i'
Grifneld. P. P. Deering, C. O. G. Miller
and Kirkham Wright, directors.
They are all good men and loyal, earn
est club members, but they are not
drawn from the Bohemian clement which
made the club a possibility and then a
success. There is a si^h of regret over
this fact from more than one quarter of
the spacious rooms on Post street, but
the true Bohemian is not a business man
and it has come to pass that the con
cerns of the owl must he looked after by
men who know the clink of gold and who
can keep the glittering circles from fly
ing too fast.
Flor de Heyneman.
Clean, pure Havana cigars are so
much finer than most cigars sold in this
market for a bit that when you do smoke
one you will wonder why you have not
tried them before. It's so easy to buy
and try one. Do it, please. All first-class
stores have them on sale. If your dealer
does not carry them send us $3 for box
of twenty-five Flor de Heyneman Del
iciosos. expressage prepaid. If you do not
like them we will return your money.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. •
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CAtili, TUESDAY, 31 ARCH 28. 1899.
Pii±]"V". B. "W. ZPEFtiR-Y.
BURKS' METHODS
ARRAIGNED BY
THE CHAPLAIN
Rev. Perry Astounds
His Brethren.
ONE WHO KNOWS TALKS PLAIN
SCHEMES USED TO COERCE LEG
ISLATORS.
Startling Revelations Made in a Pa
per Read Before the Presby
terian Ministerial
Union.
When preachers of tho gopp^l turn their
attention to politics there is likely to bo
a shaking up of things political.
So it was that whon the Rev. Barton
W. Perry was appointed chaplain of the
Assembly during the session of the Leg
islature Just closed, and when he took
an active interest aid part in the polit
as well as the spiritual
that body it was to he < xpected that
something would happen. It happened
yesterday mornintr at a meeting of tho
Presbyterian Ministerial T'nion. of which
tho lato chaplain of tho Assembly is a
member in pood standing.
• During his stay in Sacramento the Rev.
Mr. Perry accumulated a goodly store of
political impressions. That his impression
of Han Runis was not pleasing is staling
the c;.fc- BO mildly as to do the reverend
gentleman a grave injustice. His hatred
and contempt of Burns and his methods
as exemplified during the session of the
legislature would, if printed, make a
largo volume, but for the benefit of his
brethren of the Ministerial I'nion he has
so abbreviated them as to be able to set
them down on a few sheets of paper. This
paper ho nail yesterday morning under
a question of personal privilege.
The charges that Rev. Mr. Terry makes
against Burns and his coworkors in the
political field at Sacramento are suffi
ciently grave to warrant the attention of
every citizen who lias the welfare of the
community at heart. What Ik- has to
say will not he news to a majority of
those who were in Sacramento during the
session and had an Intimate knowledge of
the situation, but it will probobly prove
to b< a revelation to those who wore so
fortunate as to he able to keep away from
the capital during the progress of the
Senatorial contest.
Rev. Mr. Perry also pays a. high com
pliment to the Senatorial candidates other
than Hums and applauds the manhood of
the legislators who resisted evory at
tempt to debauch them and who voted
against Burns to the end in order to save
the good name of the Slate and the Re
publican party. Following is the paper in
full:
It has been my privilege to he associated,
for the past throe months, with the law
makers of the State, in the rapacity of
chaplain of the Assembly. I was appoint
ed by request of Hon. Joseph R. Know
land, a gentleman who supported General
Barnes for Tniteil States Senator. My per
sonal choice for Senator vraa Robert N.
P.ulla. 1 w.ir Inclined to Mr. Bulla from
the first because be was from the south,
the home of the retiring Senator, and be
cause the north was so ably represented
by Senator Perkins. The more 1 saw of
Mr. Bulla the more I realized his great
worth. He is the soul of honor and in
tegrity and has legal and legislative abil
ity of the highest order. General Barnes
surpasses Mr. Bulla in one respect— that of
oratory. Hut that one item would have
placed <'alif"rnia by the side of New York
and ("hauncey M. DepfeW.
I had little to fay in regard to the Sen
atorial question until near the close of the
Bession, and would not have taken any
active part if the facts which I will sub
mit to you had not come to my attention.
I had good friends among: the Grant,
Barnes, Scott and Bulla forces. I listenpd
to what was told me and after awhile
accumulated quite a fund of information.
Under the circumstances it was n*
to weigh the various rumors with judicial
<ar<- in order to arrive at the truth. My
newspaper experience enabled me to sift
the evidence.
In regard to the following 1 can give the
Banes, dates and places. These facts are
so abominable that no man interested in
the welfare of this State and clean politics
can be silent.
First — Cm a certain day a member, an old
Eoldier, was brought into the joint Assem
bly In a state of intoxication. Certain
workers for D. M. Burns had helped this
man into this Condition; had taken him
to a house of ill-fame, and, while intoxi
cated, had pledged him to vote for L). M.
Burns for Senator.
Second— On a certain w*ek a member of
the joint Assembly received from four dif
ferent immoral women, working in the in
terest of r>. M. Burns, invitations to go to
their private rooms.
Third— On a certain day a member of the
joint Assembly, a married man. was filled
•with wine: taken to a house of ill-fame in
stead of his boarding house as he requested
When he woke up in the morning he found
he was not alone. Then he waa informed
that If u e did n. t vote for D M. Burns
his wife would he notified. He stood the
teal and never voted for Burns. They, true
to their satanic threat, Bent an anonymous
letter to his wife. She came to Sacramento
• ■ told her th>> whole truth,
him because he had no( disgrai '1
■ when sober, bj voting for D. M.
Burns.
Other thinKs came later, such as the offer
of State position! to embers of the joint
Assembly, or, if the position could not he
delivered, the salary would be paid for the
full time, also the attempted bribery of
General Barnes, Irving M. Scott and U.
B. r; ant.
I say all hi nor, and three cheers, for tho
■ ■ ■ ■ - .flve honest Republicans
fully withsi I this sort of
thing for nearly three i If I hnvo
mj life and health two : ■ ara from now
State and publicly
•■• people t" rptnln these honorable
<n In ihp public service Here is
what they Btood ai the S mtne n Pa -
dflc Railroad C the State organiza
• least the I fii ers; and tlio Gov
ernor of the State. This last Item n is
cplanation. It was openly proclaimed
thai State appointmi ni ild be given out
■ ol D. M Burns.
rivst month this waa believed to be
■ 1 had the effect of taking a few
men itit" tho Burns ramp. Governor Clng;p
t"l<1 me thut It w:is tif.t trup. In appoint
he sail that ho would tako into
consideration tho locality. Northern, Cen
tral and Southern California, and consult
;ill leading Republican*, but would not I"" 1
: to by any man or f=ot of mon. I
that our Governor moans what he
says »n<\ that ho will Rive ua an honest
and rlcan ndminlFtrntinn.
There were PtKhty-flw Republicans in the
Joint Assembly anil thirty belonged to Dan
Burns. The thirty contained a few brlßht.
Intelligent men: the others were racetrack
gamblers, forgers, bribe-takers, and one
was under the charge of murder during the
whole session. The fifty-five men repre-
Bented the brains, integrity and honor of
the Republican majority. As it took sixty
one to elect a Senator the fifty-five could
not have succeeded even if they united on
one man.
Again I say all honor to Boyce and
Smith and Cutter and the whole Grant
force; all Jionor to Btratton, Morehouse,
BUTCHER STRAUB ENDED
HIS WOES WITH LEAD
Spent His Klondike Gold and Became Despondent
Because He Could Not Get Work.
CHART/ER W. STRATH, a jour
neyman butcher, s*'nt a re
volver bullet through his brain
yesterday morning in thf lodg
ing-house, 417 Bush street. Straub
came hore from the Klondike about
six months ago with a few hundred
dollars and niride the acquaintance
of a good-looking young widow
q named Mrs. Diedrich. generally
+ known as Miss Lowden. He and
q the widow and her two-year-old
+ child lived together in the Hanovrr
Q House, 527 Howard street. He seem
+ ed to be willing to work, and got
O a few jobs, but for several
+ weeks past he was not able
© to find anything to do. Last
X Saturday afternoon he went to
X a place on Golden Gate avenue to
Bulla. Gillette and the whole Barnes force:
all honor to Pavis and Flint and the Scott
force who stood four square against every
evil wind that Pan Burns and the railroad
company could blow.
Do not these things, my brethren, make
jroiir blood boil with righteous indignation?
TA'lll you not stand b- these fifty-five hon
est Republicans' who prevented the election
of 1> .M Burns: who saved the Hon. George
C. Perkins the mortification of an un
worthy associate In the halls of Congress,
and Who saved the State from becoming a
hissing ami byword among the eister
States of the Union?
DEATH CAME
BEFORE HIS
INHERITANCE
Chas I. Highet Found
Dead in His Room.
Charles [. Hijrhet. formerly an Instruct
!or or. the Burlfngame golf links and a
j dealer in golf sticks, balls and accessories,
was : ■ id in hia room in the Inter
, national Hotel shortly after 6 o'clock
!.i-- night. Death is supposed to have
l,i • n due to apoplexy.
I ■. : was a native of Ayr County.
Scol ■ ■ . and while hp has been in Amer
ica i ut a short time, papers found in his
: show that he had wandered all
over the country- He is one of the heirs
to a largi state in Scotland and f-xpect
receive his share from the division
• ite in May of this year. Cable
grams and receipts from banking-houses
show that he has been accustomed to re
ceive large remittances from Scotland.
Letters and bills indicate that the money
received was squandered within a very
few days. One of the oldesi papers found
in the effi rts of the decedent was an In
denture made out in 1880, binding him out
as an appr< ntice to a lawyer in Glasgow
for five years. Other letters show that he
not only served out his time, but was a
lawyer of r< cognized ability.
He found no mark.' for hi? talents or
education In this country, however, and
finally entered into an agreement with the
Burlingame people permitting him to
teach aspiring golfers to strike Shortly
afterward he was taken sick and absent
ed himself from the links, the result of
whirl, was that on January 21 of this year
the contract was nullified. Since that
time he has lived solely on the money he
could get from Scotland— living high and
dispensing charity with a free hand when
money was plentiful and running bills
everywhere when it was gone. He was a
methodical man and kept all papers. The
rs in his trunk tell a story or a
Highet was an unusually handsome.
man. tall and well built He was appar
ently about 40 years of age. He often
said' that he expected to fall a victim to
aDODlexy as several members of ins [am
ill- had been stricken down with this same
! trouble The body was taken to the
I Morgue, and members of his family have
been cabled to regarding the Disposition
of the remains.
Farsfiold Chronic Ulcer Salve, for the
treatment of ulcers and pores, is a posi
tive cure. It has been a standard rem
edy for forty years. All druergists. •
Mr. Moody Did Not Depart.
DwiKlit L. Moody, the evangelist, did
not leave last nipht for Salt Lake as
expected, and remains in this city to-day.
By special request he will speak at the
Young Men's Christian Association Hall,
corner Mason and Ellis streets, this aft
ernoon .it 2 o'clock on the subject of
"The Atonement." The services will be
free ;uid tho public is invited to attend.
This will probably bo Mr. Moody 8 last
meeting during this visit tn the coast.
Three Insolvents.
Three petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday In the United States District
Court. They were: D. W. Knapp of
(fold Run. I'lacer County, liabilities $1339,
assets none- E. T. Taylor r«f Oakland, lia
bilities JMP7. assets $6000; H. D. Fagen of
Santa Cruz, liabilities $3525, assets none.
Bostonians at the Zinkand.
ThP Bostonians made :i Jolly party at the
Zinkand ono night last week. •
rolleot a hill of $400. whirh he said
pnnio one owd him, but when he re
turned to the house he told Mrs.
TMedrieh that he had been unable to
collect the bill. Tie was under the
influence of liquor and left the
house on Sunday.
On Sunday evening he hired a
cheap room in the lodging-house, 417
Hush street. At half-past 5 o'clock
a man sleeping in an adjoining
apartment heard the report of a
firearm in the room occupied by
Straub and notified the landlady.
An entrance was forced into the
room and Straub was found welter
ing in his blood and dead. The body
was taken in charge hy the Coroner.
Mrs. Diedrich said that Straub
had exhausted all his funds and
had become very despondent over
his failure to pet work, but she had
no suspicion that he would attempt
to make away with himself. The
landlady of the Bush-street lodging
house said that the money which
Straub paid for the room seemed to
be all he had.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Complexions
/ w/f Using Caticura Soapi [/ tJaifig Cmicara Softpi
Pimples, Blackheads, Red
Rough, Oily Skin
PREVENTED BY
Pure and sweet and free from every blemish is the skin, scalp
and hair cleansed, purified and beautified by CUTICURA SOAP.
It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions, loss of hair and baby
blemishes — viz : The dogged, irritated, inflamed or sluggish con-
dition of the pores. CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emol-
lient properties derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure,
with the purest of cleansing ingredients and most refreshing of
flower odors. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be
compared with it for preserving, purifying and beautifying the
skin, scalp, hair and hands. No other foreign or domestic soap,
however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes
of the toilet, bath and nursery. Thus it combines in ONE SOAP,
at ONE PRICE — namely, 25 cents — the best skin and complexion
soap and the best toilet and baby soap in the world.
I srffered two years with Acne. I have I suffered with blackhead* and pimples
tried all kinds of medicines, lint they did for two or three years, until it became
me no pood. I used nine cakes of CUTI- chronic. 1 tried everything imaginable,
CtTtA SOAP, and my skin is now as but It did me no good." CUTICL'IIA SOAP
smooth as any baby. cured me.
USE L. FIfHEK. L. V. GILLJAM, Oak P. O Va.
923i£ N. Compton A?e., St. Louis, Mo.
Before naing CUTICURA SOAP, my fac« I we* troubled for eight years with
ana hands were Just as rough as they pimples on the face. I comme'need uslne
could be. and my face was all covered CTTICURA SOAT. In a very short timl
with pimples. I was unfit to look at, but the pimples all disappeared and ejt akin
afte- using CUTICURA SOAP three weeks 1b now In ft beakhy condition
my ftce was equal to velvet. JAMES FOSTER
PAUL DUPB.E. Chaler, La- Diimount. Allegheny Co., Pa.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning:, Scaly Humors. Hot
Baths with CUTICURA SOAP to Cleanse the Skin and Scalp, gentle anoint-
ings with ri'THTRA OINTMENT to heal the skin, and mild doses of CUTI-
CURA RESOLVENT to cool the blood. Trice, THE SET $i -e or SOAP
25c. OINTMENT, 50c, RESOLVENT, 50c. Sold throughout the "world
Potter Drug and Chem. Corp., Sole Trop., Boston. Send for "All About the
Skin, Scalp, Hair and Hands," 64 pages. Sent free to all mentioning this paper.
NEWSBOYS' UNION IN
BUSINESS AND FUN
ELECT OFFICERS AND PERFECT
ORGANIZATION.
Fully three hundred newshoyp crowded
into the old Breeder and Sportsman build-
ing on Bush street lasr. night to elect a
president for their newly formed union.
And these three hundred news mer-
chants, who represent all classes of San
Francisco street life, conducted their
business as seriously as a body of law-
makers. Of course there was little order;
but what power on this earth can still the
tongue or conquer the spirit of the news-
boys. Captain Wittman sent two of his
big, burly policemen to keep the peace
and their presence was regarded as a
gross insult to the dignity of the News-
boys' Union. "Happy Dougherty had
charge of the door, and when the •'cops"
made their appearance "Happy" shout-
ed, "Cheese it. pals, we're all pinched"
here cums der bulls."
"Ah. kick yerselt' wid yer good foot
'Happy,' " retorted Geese O'Nie!, "ain't
Mayer Felan gonter be our tresurer.
Dese hun'-a-mont' coots is comin' U r ter
tro' out ded wones."
And the two policemen armed with
slats were allowed to enter the hall.
Slats, however, had no terrors for the
newsboys. They would rather i>.- warm-
ed with a slat in the hands of a "cop"
than sit alongside of a hot stove on a
winter's morning.
When "Bucco" Crowley called the meet-
ing to order "Spider" Foley arose with
due solemnity and suggested that the bal-
loting for president be commenced.
There were only two candidates for the
< ol ?~L Artie Jf'enski. an exceptionally
bright young man. who has sold papers
»* k t\ l v ,( otu V ;li " '''"■ years past, and
Robert Wall, who has a monopoly in his
line of business at the racetrack The
contest was a spirited one, the newsboys
displaying all the rivalry they do in their
everyday attempts to sell their Darters
Before the ballots were half counted
Every throat in the crowd sent ud a
"Fellers.- satd Bowery "i rmt , *„„
their companions who have none where
THE SPRING POET
Is now on his rounds with his pet col-
lection of verses, and is about as much
trouble to the editor as a collar with
shark's teeth digging into you. Our
careful methods of laundering collars,
cuffs and shirts never show frayed
edges or broken button holes,- and the
color and finish laid on all linen laund-
ered here is faultless in its beauty.
Bring us a bundle for a sample.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
Painless Dentistry.
B Fillings - ■ 50 cts
jS5*5|W Crowns = ■ $3.50
I lutes, ) cc An
O^ ALL WORK
WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
246ixth St., Cor. 6tcven«oa,