VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 154.
ATKINSON IS PLAINLY
ACCUSED OF TREASON
WASHINGTON, May 2. — The
Postmaster General has direct
ed the Postmaster at San Fran
cisco to take out of the mails for
Manila three pamphlets issued by
Edward Atkinson of Boston, vice
president of the Anti-Imperialist
League. This order does not apply to
the circulation of the pamphlets by
mail in this country, but bars their
dispatch from this country to the
Philippines, discontent and even mu
tiny among the soldiers being stated
by the department to be the design
of those publications.
The three pamplets are specifically
described and under no circumstance
are they to be forwarded by mail to
the Philippines.
The three pamphlets are those which
havo the tit!": "Criminal Aggression
by Whom?" "The Cost *">f a National
Crime" and "Tho Hell of War and Its
Penalties.!'
These, unless something should de
velop to necessitate further action, may
be circulated through the iris within
this country. Accordine to Mr. Atkin
son's own statement, as reported, a
large number of the pamphlets have
beep sent out. The matter was brought
to the attention of the postal officials
by the War Department, whose au
thorities were greatly exercised at a
suggestion that some action be taken.
It is thought there is little possibility
of any of these publications getting
past the San Francisco olfiee. but if a
few should the military authorities in
the Philippines will promptly suppress
them. Postmaster General Smith made
this statement to-day:
'Thes.- pamphlets actually incite to
mutiny, atid it would be utterly un
justifiable i" permit their circulation
among ihe soldiers in I '•.■ Philippines.
Their circulation is a movement to in
duce the soldiers to disobey orders and
in effect to embarrass and resist the
Government in whose service they are
engaged. Their circulation except in
tho mails for the Philippines is not in
terfered with, because, In being sent to
Maniia. they are destined for soldiers
fighting our battles, but in this coun
try the effort to incite to mutiny could
have no result. Not only are they de
signed to incite to mutiny the American
soldiers <*n those islands, but also to
foment and encourage Insurrection on
the part of the Filipinos themselves.
"Such seditious literature as now es
topped might havo an effect on the
forces we now are dealing with that
■would incalculably revert to their ad
vantage, and certainly would tend to
stimulate and strengthen their already
■weakening cause. The law covering the
case is ample. What action might be
taken— and the offense is of the gravest
character— is not to be discussed. I
do not believe there is any Intention to
prosecute Mr. Atkinson, as the matter
now stands. The authority to do so,
however, is plain. He not only attacks
the President and the Government In
the most virulent language ami dis
putes the national policy, but also calls
>-n the American troops to defy the
Government. Certainly this Govern
ment is empowered to stop or check, as
it sees fit, the circulation of these se
ditious publications."
ATKINSON'S PAMPHLETS
OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS
BOSTON, May 2.— Hon. Edwin At
kinson, vice president of the Anti-Im
perialist League of this city, said he
had received no direct communication
from Washington about the action of
the Postmaster General. He explained
that the documents were compilations
of facts and figures taken from debates
in the National House and Senate, and
calling attention to points overlooked
in debate.
"By the action of tho Senate." Mr.
Atkinson continued, "these compila
tions were published as Senate docu
ments, and they are now public docu
ments of the United States. Therefore
any action taken toward keeping them
out of the mails would imply that
Congressional records and official
documents of the United States are un
suitable to be sent til officers "f the
volunteer regiments now at Manila
whose terms of service have expired
and whose return to this country is de
manded by officials of certain States,
who say that the men are entitled to
discharge.
"It is said the dispatch of these
pamphlets from this country to the
Philippine islands is barred lest they
should create discontent and even mu
tiny among the soldiers, that being
stated by the department to be the de
sign of these publications. There are
two pamphlets only. The first edition
of the first, printed in November, was
dedicated to President McKinley In
support of his statement that 'forcible
action would be criminal aggression."
"These pamphlets were, on April 24
and 25, addressed by me to Admiral
George Dewey, President Schurman,
Professor Worcester, General H. G.
Otis. General Lawton, General Miller
and the correspondent of a New York
illustrated weekly in Manila. None of
these have to my knowledge been sent
to any one else. I desired to Bend them
to other officers, and for that purpose
notified the War Department of my In
tention and asked for a list that would
give nic the names. If it is unlawful
for a citizen of th.- United States in
communicate with other citizens in
Manila by sending documents in a pri
vate edition which have been printed
by order of the United States Senate as
public documents. I am content to leavf
the matter at that exact point, which
requires no comment from me.
"1 would, however, call the atten
tion of the Postmaster General to the
necessity of requiring that all news
papers lately printed here and else
where which contains the late speech of
Senator Hoar, given at the Republican
Club in Boston, in which he used this
expressive phrase. 'I can see no differ
ence in 'In' lynching of a Southern
postmaster and lynching a people be
cause they think a government derives
its just powers from the consent of the
governed, and got those Ideas from the
constitution of the United States.' be
taken from the mails.
"If this attempt to forbid free speech
and free mails to the people of this
country has been made, which I can
not believe, I think the people will de
-1 cide themselves what to do about it."
The San Francisco Call.
EDWARD ATKINSON.
THE DOCUMENTS
ATKINSON SENT
TO THE SOLDIERS
BOSTON, May 2.— Mr. Atkinson to
night gave to The Call correspond
ent copies of the alleged treason
able documents sent to soldiers in
the Philippines, The flrst of the docu
ments is entitled "The Cost of a National
Crime," "The Hell of War and Its Penal- j
tlesi" On the flrst page, just below tho j
title. appears the following: "Tenth edi
tion, making twenty-two thousand. Two
treatises suggested by the appointment of
a day of national thanksgiving by the
President of the United States. From
first edition: This pamphlet is respect
fully dedicated to the President of the
United States, upon whom now rests a
fearful responsibility.
Oh, yet a nobler task awaits thy hand.
(For What can war but endless war still breed?)
Till truth and right from violence be freed
An.l public faith cleared from the shameful
brand
Of public fraud. — Milton.
Then follow a number of pages devoted
to showing that the Government revenue
under the Dingley bill will be Insufficient
to meet the expenses of a so-called "im
perialistic" policy, and closing as follows:
"I will append one question to each
reader: 'How much Increase of taxation
are you willing to bear and how many of
your neighbors' s=ons are you ready to
sacrifice by fever, malaria and disease in
order to extend the sovereignty of the
United States over the West Indies and
the Philippine Islands'." By such policy
we throw away our previous exemption
from militarism, which constitutes one of
our chief advantages in establishing low
cost of production coupled with high
rates of wages or earnings, computed by
myself at 6 per cent per annum on our
total annual product, by which advantage
we were attaining a paramo control
of trade on th*- export of our goods to
every port of the world-*. commerce. '
This Is dated "Boston, November 21,
l«i8." an.l is signed by "Edward Atkin
son." .._. . .
Here is another citation: . "The pretexts
upon which this so-called policy of im
perialism Is promoted consist of mixed
motives of piety. profits and patriotism.
"To the advocates who hope for a great
field of missionary service we may put
the question: How many of the youth of
America will you subject to vice as a sac
rifice for each heathen convert that you
may make? ' , ,
"To the advocates of .the expansion nt
commerce we will put the question: How
much will you Increase the power of th*'
people of th« Philippine Islands to con
sume American goods when in fact during
the last ten years they have bought of
us on the average $100,000 worth a year?
yet we have bought of them annually in
the same period an average' of J7.0W.000
worth, mainly of sugar and hemp, and
from the export duties on these products
the Spanish Government has secured its
principal revenue; such export taxes be
ing forbidden bj th* constitution of the
United States. . .
"To those who set up the pretext of
patriotism we call attention to the reflex
of militarism, the pauper labor of conti
nental Europe waiting for its. remedy un
til the masses wh*) carry .the guns urn
them against the classes who carry the
sword to their oppression In the conscript
service, which is eating out the art of i
Europe. **•'■■[
"To the workmen we put the question: j
How long will you hear an additional tax
on the articles of common use which are
consumed not in proportion to ability but
In proportion to numbers from which the
principal revenues of the United States
are collected' such additional tax upon
every one of your families of Wvv persons
surely coming to no; less than $15 a year.
"Th.- pretexts are piety, profits " and
patriotism; the conclusions vice, venality
and pauperism These are the constants
which surely accompany Hie rule of blood
and iron and the control of the masses
by th*- military classes."
The second part of this first document,
"The Hell of War and Its Penalties."
opens with a "slightly condensed" copy
or a letter addressed to President McKin
ley by Mr. Atkinson under date of No
vember 14. 1898. This letter deals almost
entirely with the danger from Infectious
diseases to be expected In Cuba, Porto
Rico -Mid the Philippines. It says:
"If we are rightly informed there were
2.">,000 United States troops at Manila, but
on an apparent danger that the native
fcrces might take possession of Iloilo and
prove capable of establishing home rule
reinforcements were urgently called for
and three regiments have been hastily
dispatched.
"The United States forces sent to the
Philippines -ire therefore now about
double the number of French soldiers in
the campaign in Madagascar.
"By the rule of proportion, without
making any allowance for the hotter and
more pestilential conditions of the Phil
ippine islands, the death rate In our
forces in the Philippines In the first year
will be one-third, or about 8000 men.
Probably a large number will be sent,
home invalided. . 21 .
"As these conditions must be known to
the executive officers of the Government,
through the records of the surgeon gen
eral's office, the reason becomes plain
why volunteers enlisted for the Cuban or
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
Spanish war are now held on a technical
agreement for two years' service to be
sacrificed in the Philippine Islands. Lest
others should be entrapped Into enlist
ment in the regular army or th*- volun
teer service in the' tropics, it will only be
fair and honest on the part of th*- re
cruiting officers to be put into possession
of t he* facts.'' "
Then comes this, under date of January
13, 1889, over Mr. Atkinson's signature:
"The young men of the United States
.who volunteered in a war undertaken in
the name of humanity are now being
compelled to serve in the 'forcible annex
ation," which had not been thought of by
William McKinley on the llth of April,
1898, and ' to take part in a campaign of
conquest which he then said 'that by our
code of morality would be criminal ag
gression.'
. "It is now plain that this act will not
receive the assent of the Senate at this
session. Before the next Congress can
I**- brought together it will become plain
"First, that the way to avoid The im
molation .if our troops is for Congress to
forbid conquest and criminal aggression
"Second, that the way is plain to <<•
cure peace without accepting the cession
of the Philippine Islands and without
making their inhabitants citizens by
bringing them under the Jurisdiction of
tin- United States.
"Third, that the way to save the lives
and health of the troops now exposed is
by ordering them home, since after peace
is declared there is no authority of law
to keep them abroad and there can be no
lawful function which they can perform
in foreign territory in time of peace.
"Fourth, the way has already become
plain for the youth of the land to avoid
disease and death in th*- tropics by refus
ing to volunteer or to enlist in the army
or navy of the United States.
"Fifth, the way will be found for the
volunteers now held against their will to
get their release from unlawful service
In any otheV country than their own after
peace is declared. '
IN THE PATH OF A TORNADO.
Photograph Taken 'After the Recent Storm at
Kirksville, Mo,, Showing a House That Was
Blown From Its Foundation and Carried
Two Blocks.
1~-... '---.- ..-.,..• .. c.__'__ . .-.'_ ..'_.____, ,«7* r *"t. ■*-*"*" •-»-• .*,-."- .;■'..,
TRIES TO
KILL THREE
PLAYMATES
Triple Murder Attempted by
a Fourteen-Year-Old
Lad.
■ — ♦ — -
•SHOOTS AT CHILDREN
— ■♦ —
•7*7 / ,b'- . '
Victims of the Depraved Youth's
Ra<?re Wounded by a Charge
of Bixdshot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, May 2.— Another of those
cases wherein a young boy utterly de
praved either by natural tendencies or
by social contact tries to vent his ani
mosity toward companions came to
light in this city to-day. A lad only
fourteen years old deliberately at
tempted to murder three younger play
mates by discharging the contents of
a shotgun at them, because they re
fused to humor him in some childish
fancy. The would-be murderer has
been arrested.
Louie Ragio. the fourteen-year-old i
son of a prominent Spanish family of j
Santa Rita, a little village several miles
north of this city, was playing oh Sun
day with several companions, among
whom were David Prader, Elmer
Thomas and Pearl Thomas. The latter
three had been forbidden to associate
with young Ragio, who was their elder
by several years, for the reason that it
was generally claimed in the com
munity that his Influence over the other
boys was demoralizing. Ragio insisted
on being allowed to join them. The
boys objected to his presence, giving :
the reason why he was not desired.
Ragio rushed off to his home, not far
away, and soon returned with a shot
gun. Coming within a short distance
Of the lads he made some insulting re
marks and then deliberately raised the
gun and fired at them. Fortunately for
the lads the gun was loaded with bird
shot. The small shot took effect about
the face and body of each. Ragio was
not the least nervous or repentant over
the result of his act, but calmly told
the boys he would teach them a les
son, and i_.\th**t shot was not".' enough
he would return in short order with a
charge of buckshot and "fix them."
The three wounded boys were taken I
to their homes. The would-be murderer j
boastfully told of how ;he tried to kill
his companions, and only to-day, it is ■
asserted, changed his story by saying I
it was an accident. The little lads
stoutly deny this statement and assert j
that Ragio tried to murder them. The j
affair created considerable excitement
in Santa Rita, the sympathizers of
Ragio trying to have the affair hushed, j
while friends of the wounded boys were !
as desirous that the culprit should bo I
punished.
The District Attorney placed a charge
against Ragio to-day and the prelim
inary hearing will come up on Satur
day. '
Will Test the Fee Law.
SAN ANDREAS, May 2.— The County
Board of. Supervisors to-day decided to
make a test case of the law allowing fees
to township Justices. The Auditor was |
directed to refuse to issue a warrant for
th*- amount of one Justice of Peace bill '
which was purposely allowed by the
board. From this refusal it will be taken
to the courts, which will determine
whether the bills shall be paid according
to the law of '93 or '95.
LOVE OF ONE WOMAN
FOR ANOTHER LEADS
TO A DOUBLE TRAGEDY
PriQcipals io Stocktoo's SeQ
satiooal Double Tragedy.
MERRITT SHOWERS
PRAISE UPON THE
SECRETARY OF WAR
DETROIT, May 2.— The Michigan
Society, Sons of the American
Revolution, entertained the vis
iting delegates, officials of the
order and distinguished guests
to-night by a dinner. A feature
which was of peculiar interest was a
speech of General Wesley Merritt.
warmly defending Secretary Alger. He
declared Alger the best Secretary of
War the world has ever seen.
The sneakers chose their own sub
jects, there being no- set responses to set
topics.
Secretary Alger began his speech with
a reference to the struggles of the Pil
grim Fathers to secure "equal rights
and religious freedom to all." and al
luded to the heroic deeds of the revolu
tionary patriots, ancestors of the so
ciety which furnished to-night's enter
tainment-, but he soon turned the at
tention of his' auditors to the more re
cent war with Spain. , The Secretary
spoke at some length of the trials of his
department in equipping the great
army so hurriedly, and expressed his
gratification that ultimately "battles
' were fought and victories won, without
the loss of a gun or a color."
Continuing, he said:
Supposing they had a little beef spoiled,
I what of it? If they had had no beef at
i all they would have had more than Gen
| eral Joe Wheeler and I had In the other
j war. ?••..
The people of the United States are an
unselfish people. They have never sought
territorial accession except to the benefit
:of the peoples that came with it. The
flag of this nation has been hoisted over
Cuba. Porto Rico and the Philippines, in
j lands whose people have for centuries
! been oppressed by Spanish misrule.
.Whatever else may be, we can be assured
that as it has been raised in Porto Rico
and. -the Philippines there it will remain. !
j One of these islands we hold in trust; the I
others 'are ours. • The strife that brought |
j upon this country the war with Spain I
was not of our own seeking; the for*.- of
events and the cry of downtrodden hu
manity called for < our aid. No human
mind could stop it. It was to be.
There is not a heart in the breast of any
, true American to-night whose pulsations
do not quicken " with pride over the
achievements of our army and navy. The
i volunteers and the' regulars in the Philip
; pines have won for themselves the na
tion's crown. . All honor to them, and I
I hope and trust that ('ongressional action
shall give such recognition of their serv
ices as shall show to them and to the
world our appreciation of their valor. The
nation mourns for the families who will
never again hoar the footfalls across the
threshold of those they loved; but that is
.the sacrifice they offered, the sacrifice
they have made. .
. We are to-day, we hope, near Ing the
end of the conflict and Hearing the dawn
of peace in the Philippines, and upon
every lip is dally, yes, hourly, expressed:
"What of the, future?" God in his infinite
wisdom can" only answer that question,
and he has guided us thus far, and as his
hand has been. so. plainly. seen in the his
tory of tin 1 'past twelve months we can
feel assured that as he rules, what is
right will be.
; Major General Merritt was the next
speaker. , Said he: *
. When we went to the Philippines there
was, only one. course for us to pursue, viz..
the course that has been taken up to the
present Our navy had captured Manila
Bay and the army had to capture the city
and we could not let go; and the prospects j
are I now that, the American flag will con- ;
tinue to wave in the Far East.
The army in the East, as I testified I
before the Investigating commission in
Washington, had everything the War De
partment could furnish. We lived well
and we did our duty, and we have no
apologies to make or recriminations to
offer. This most outrageously abused ad
ministration has done more for the army
than any other administration that ever
existed. If there were canned speeches j
here to-night they would be better than
some of the refrigerated speeches that we
have read. If I had a canned speech to
deliver, on this subject I assure you it
would not smell.
General Merritt referred to the Secre- '■
tary of War as the best Secretary of
War the world has ever seen. He |
added :
No Secretary, was ever more abused. |
Secretary Stanton stood through his
abuse as the most fearless Secretary that
ever lived. We have now another Secre
tary, who has made fewer mistakes and
been more abused than any of ids prede
cessors. He has the confidence of all ex
cept a few malcontents. Through him j
has been attacked the President of the
United States.* He is almost sick at heart ;
at the weight of unjust obloquy that has j
been heaped upon him; but with no prom- j
ises to make or platitudes to indulge in, 1
he is conducting aji honest administration. i
1 was born a Democrat. I don't think j
I'll ever get over it. I'm proud to belong j
to that .political faith. (A voice: "You're j
a Republican, but don't know it.") But |
I hope the time will come when there will |
be no differences between Democrats and j
Republicans, at least manifested against
those who rule the Government. I talk '
as a soldier. I don't commit myself to !
any complications that may lead to
trouble with Germany, but I hug myself
for being an American citizen. j
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SLATS HER
FRIEND AND
HERSELF
Hrs. Virgine Hassell Mur
ders Mrs. Wm. Hickman
and Commits Suicide
at Stockton.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MRS.HICKMAN
♦ ♦
•>
q->-^-«- »-+-■!> -♦- 4> -♦--$.-♦- ♦ » ■♦ #
STOCKTON, May 2.— Mrs. Virgine
Hassell, a dashing young English
woman, murdered Mrs. William
Hickman early this morning and
then ended her own life.
Mrs. Massed was known as "The
Countess." and Mrs. Hickman is said to
have been a victim of her unnatural af
fection. They were found dead in bed.
locked in each other's arms. The re
sponsibility, for the tragedy was easily
fixed by the circumstances surrounding
it. The woman had a. steady hand and
knew where to shoot to produce in
stant death.' Mrs. Hickman was shot
through the. left temple, and the mur
deress then ended her own life with a
bullet through her. right temple.
The scene of the double murder was
the Leffer roomine-house, 216 South
Sutter street, at which, place Mrs. Has
sell made, her home. The intimacy be
tween Mrs. Hickman and Mrs. Hassell
had been a source of comment in cer
tain circles for some time.
Mrs. Hickman w.s a woman with two
children, a daughter of T. J. Smith and
related through marriage to one of the
leading families of Stockton. Of late
Mrs. Hickman's husband and relatives
have been making strenuous efforts to
keep the women apart. Mrs. Hassell
never lost an opportunity to
hunt her up and get her out to visit at
the rooming house. During the last
week the relatives of Mrs. Hickman
were congratulating themselves that
the pair were becoming less infatuated
with each other.
Yesterday afternoon the two met, and
Mrs. Hassell said she had just received
a remittance from England, and in
tended to start back home this morn
ing. She wanted Mrs. Hickman to
spend her last night in Stockton with
her. She also went to the Smith home
and made the same statement, with the
result that the two started for the
private lodging house. The English
woman was seen to- mail some letters at
about 11 o'clock, and also purchased
some bananas at a stand at the same
time.
None of the inmates of the place,
other than "Jack" Lawson, remember
having heard the shots when the
tragedy was enacted. Lawson says
that at about 4:30 o'clock he heard
two reports, a few secconds apart, but
supposed the noise was on the street
and was a part of the Dewey celebra
tion.
The discovery of the crime was due
to the uneasiness of Mrs. Hickman's
father over her having been away all
night with Mrs. Hassell. When the
daughter did not come to the store he
set out for the Hassell lodgings to in
vestigate. He knocked on the door
and received no answer. The father
lost no time in breaking the door open
and the sight terrified him.
The bed was in the northwest corner
of the room. Mrs. Hickman was on
the side next to the wall, lying over
the side, with her head turned toward
Mrs. Hassell. Mrs. Hassell's left arm
was under Mrs. Hickman's head,
caressingly, and Mrs. Hickman's left
hand was resting on Mrs. Hassell's
bosom.
Mrs. Hassell's head was thrown back
and her mouth was open. She was ly
ing on her back, her right arm thrown
across, near the face of her companion,
and the pistol with which the double
tragedy had been committed had ap
parently just slipped from her lifeless
fingers. The hair of the two women
was matted with clotted blood, and the
pillows on which they lay were satur
ated. The doors and windows were all
securely locked, showing that no one2
had entered the apartments. On a
large trunk was a note:
"This trunk and machine, with con
tents, is the property of Miss Edith
Cox, 1723 Valdez street, Oakland."
This was the only message left Mrs.
Hassell had torn up several pictures
of herself, but a large panel portrait of
her friend reposed on the bureau.
Edith Cox, the girl mentioned in the
note, arrived here to-night. She was
Mrs. Hassell's, or as she always re
spectfully addressed her, "the Coun
tess' " maid. She knew the woman in
England. After Virgine Mathilde
Reike, "the Countess," had become the
wife of a remittance man, she sent for
the girl to come out and live with her.
Miss Cox says Mrs. Hassell was
reared In Carlisle Mansion. London, at
which place her mother died less than
eighteen months ago. The mother had
a bona fide title, derived from the
French side of the family, and the
father, who died many years ago. left
considerable property.
"Mrs. Hassell's mother kept up a pa
latial establishment," she continued,
"and when she died, about all she left
to poor Mrs. Hassell was the French
title— genuine, I know, but T cannot at
this minute recall it. The young
Countess has had every advantage. She
had her swimming and dancing mas
ters. She rode like a man and often
went off into Scotland on a hunt. She
was finely developed and few men could
equal her for all-around athletics. She
was always odd and did not care a snap
what the people thought of her. She
would go up into her room and smoke a
cigarette and gossip. She always car
ried a small revolver in her bosom ever
since I knew her. She was a dead shot
and brought to this country with her a
gun which she had had made at a cost
of .£6O.
"A year ago last January, and shortly
after her mother's death, she got what
money she could together, and, with an
old lady, started out on a trip of the
world. On an ocean liner she met Has
sell, and as he was suave and made
gjpat representations regarding his
landed interests in California, she came
overland to San Francisco with him and
they were married. They came to
Stockton, and in June, at her request,
I came out from England, bringing sev
eral of her trunks with me. I found
them living in a scantily furnished
rented house, and the Countess selling
her silver plate and pawning her valu
ables in order to get food. He put on
airs, and the poor woman even picked
chickens for the market. It ended by
him beating and abusing her, and last
July they separated.
"She went out to' work in a private
family, and later got into a store. She
got some money from England occa
sionally, and I understood she had some
interests remaining there which would
be quite valuable if they ever got out
of court. I went to Oakland to work,
and. like a fool, have been sending
every cent of my earnings to her in
order to Indulge her as far as possible
In what she had been used to.
"A month ago her letters began com
ing irregularly, so I came up to Stock
ton tn see what was the matter. We
ate and slept together, and she seemed
as cheerful as usual. We made plans
to go back to England soon, and she
never once rationed having any new
trouble. She was not a woman ho
would allow any man to break her
heart. She did love Mrs. Hickman,
though.
"When I ram* I found she had been
giving nearly everything she had in
the way of clothing and fancy articles
to Mrs. Hickman. Her valuables she
had been selling to keep up her wants.
She had several trunks of the finest
kind of things a few months ago, in
cluding some silver plate. I suppose
all is gone.
"She probably wrote me a letter, but
I missed it at Oakland in my hurry to
pet here. That may throw some light
on the tragi
"Mrs. Hassell was born in Rio
Janeiro and was not yet 28 years old.
Her father was, I believe', in the Brit
ish Consular Service. sic- has seen
.^ll kinds of life, from London drawing
rooms to starvation."
Mis. Hickman was known before her
marriage as "Beauty Smith." The
woman who ended her life was of
striking appearance. Her dress and
manner indicated that she had not al
ways been forced to limit her expedl
tures.
Has comes of a good English fam
ily. He will bury his wife, whom he
has never ceased to love.
Mrs. Hickman was probably shot
while she slept, as her eyes were closed
as if in sleep. The English woman's
eyes were open and there was a set
look of pain on her face. As far as as
certained to-day Mrs. Hassell had only
75 cents in her possession. Her story
that she had received money from Eng
land and was on the eve of returning
to that country is believed to have been
a myth invented for the deliberate pur
pose of getting Mrs. Hickman into her
power that she might kill her. In the
course of a statement to-day Mr. Smith,
father of Mrs. Hickman, said:
"One day she wanted Emma to go
riding with her and I refused to allow
it. Mrs. Hassell made some remark to
the effect that she would rather die
than be separated from Emma. I then
became afraid of the woman."
HUSBAND TELLS OF A
FORMER INFATUATION
STOCKTON, May 2.-The inquest
over the remains of Mrs. Hickman and
Mrs. Hassell to-night brought out very
little to add to the story iff the tragedy,
save in the testimony of Mr. Hassell!
the estranged husband of the mur
deress. He testified that in London
when his wife was Miss Virginie Kick*-,
she formed the same sort of an attach
ment for a young woman as she did
here for Mrs. Hickman. Then it re
quired all of their influence to break off
the mad infatuation the woman had for
one of her own sex. Here when she
first met Mrs. Hickman she showed tne
infatuation that was so marked ln the
old country, and the husband tried to
check it, but could not.
The jury found that Mrs. Hassell snot
and killed Mis. Hickman as she slept,
and then sent a bullet into her own
brain. '.:'.-'.'.'.
SERVANT GIRL'S LOVE
FOR "THE COUNTESS"
OAKLAND, May 2.— Few, perhaps,
were closer to Mrs. Hassell than her
forme: maid, Edith Cox who came with
her from En_,:_ind to California. Miss
Cox Is at present employed as a domes
tic ln the family of Veterinary Inspect
or Pierce of Oakland. When she learned
of the awful tragedy t l-day she has
tened to Stockton by the early evening
train. Miss Cox ie also .1 very intimate
friend of Mrs. Joseph Perry, residing at
1953 Magnolia street, Oakland, and
CAESAR OTIS EN ROUTE HOME.
The Soldier of Many Medals and More Rubicons
Not to Be Greeted by the Governor.
General Harrison Gray Otis— **l Have Crossed the Rubicon."
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— The home
coming of General Otis has aroused much
speculation in political circles. This has
been increased by the sudden departure
of Governor Gage for the north, whloh
fact, the friends of Otis assert, Is tan
tamount to a refusal to participate in the
greeting of the soldier editor, and par
ticularly unfortunate a.« the executive
there frequently referred to her rela
tions with "The Countess." as Mrs.
Hassell was familiarly called. When
interviewed to-night Mrs. Perry said:
"Edith Cox was Mrs. Hassell's maid
back In England, and she was very
close to her. She frequently told us that
Mis. Hassell had a great deal of trouble
with her husband. She said he married
Mrs. Hassell for her money, and when
that was about gone he wanted her to
sell the silverware, but Edith hid it.
and that very night— l thir'- * was last
July— some one set fir.- to the house, so
Edith told us. I know that Mrs. Hassell
must have been hard pressed financial
ly, for Edith frequently sent her money
from her something she could
ill afford, poor girl.
"Edith once said also that Mrs. Has
sell had occasionally referred to a lady
friend at Stockton, of whom she
thought all the world, and I presume
this might have been Mrs. Hickman. I
suppose Edith has gone to Stockton, for
she was so much attached to Mrs. Has-
I sell that if anything happened to her
she would naturally rush to her side."
MRS. HARTWELL FOR
NATIONAL PRESIDENT
Unanimous Choice of the Woman's
Relief Corps of California and
Nevada.
SAN DIEGO, May 2.— The fiftieth an
nual convention of the Woman's Relief
Corps, Department of California and Ne
vada, met to-day. The meeting was
called to order by the department presi
dent Mrs. Abbie Sylvester. The conven
tion by a rising vote unanimously in
dorsed Mrs. Mary A. Hartwell as Its can
didate for national president, to be pre
sented to the national convention in 1900.
* The election of officers for the ensuing
car resulted as follows: Department
president, Mrs. Sarah L. Mason. Nor
walk: senior vice president. Mrs. Ida L.
Jervis. Pasadena; junior vice president.
Mrs tydla Wharff, San Francisco; de
partment treasurer. Mrs. Emma Alexan
der L"« Angeles; department chaplain,
Mrs Ellen Bogle. Vallejo; executive
board-Mesdames Anna Buchanan. Sarah
Martin. Martha Chapin, Emily Brady and
\fnrv C , IGV€B.
The session of the Grand Army encamp
ment to-day was mainly devoted to rou
tine business. Commander Oahn was di
rected to telegraph to Comrade Harrison
Gray Otis of Los Angeles an invitation to
attend the encampment. A vote of thanks
fo Comrade Henry C. Dibble, who framed
and advocated the passage by the last
Legislature of the bill to prevent the
wearing of Grand Army badges by per
sons not authorized, was adopted Va
rious resolutions were offered and re
ferred among them one indorsing the
no" v of President McKinley during the
Spanish war and his action regarding the
Philippines. This resolution was greeted
with prolonged applause, 'i he election of
officers probably will come up to-morrow,
but may not be reached until Thursday.
EPISCOPALIANS IN OPEN
REVOLT AGAINST BRIGGS
Many Clergymen Assert That His
Admission to the Priesthood Will
Disrupt the Church.
NEW YORK, May 2.— There is now a
condition that is practically open revolt
in the Episcopal church against the ad
mission to the priesthood of Rev. Dr.'
Charles A. Briggs, which, unless the un
expected happens, is destined In th*; open
ly expressed opinions of many of the
clergy to result in nothing less than dis
ruption.
Never, it is said, in the history of the
Anglican church in America has it been
confronted with such a crisis. As Dr.
Clendenin has put it the very foundations
ol not only church discipline but of the
faith which forms the foundation of the
whole ecclesiastical structure is threat
ened with destruction.
Bishop Potter's silence and consequent
uncertainty regarding his position In the
controversy has done more than anything
else to increase the strain of the sltua-
THE SAN EE AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
was honored with first place on the com
mittee of reception and in the speech
making.
It is known that Otis opposed some of
the earlier political acts of (Sage in. the
campaign, that he was fully advised of
his paper's opposition to Burns, and that
he is now opposed to the plan to appoint
Burns to succeed White, tn c contenting
upon the chasm existing between these
I tion. which Is daily added to as the date
| set for the proposed ordination of Dr.
Briggs draw nearer. The case of the
j opponents of Dr. Briggs is now In the
I hai..!- of a mmitte of prominent theo
j logians and men versed In the intricacies
of non laws, who are engaged in a crit
ical examination of Dr. Briggs' latest
i work with the purpose of determining the
! precise character of the charges that may
jbe referred. •<
CLERGYMEN MEET
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Episcopal Convocation Opens Its Ses
sions in the Seaside
City.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 2.-One of the
most Interesting conventions this town of
many conventions has ever known opened
at St. Marys by the Sea, the pretty little
Episcopal church of this city, this after
noon. It is the convocation of San Jose
of the Episcopal church, and numbers
among its members some of California's
leading clergymen. The ministerial visit
ers were net at th*' train by a reception
committee and driven to the parish house,
where luncheon was served. Then they
proceeded to the church.
Rev. 17 B. A. Lewis of Gilroy, dean of
this convocation, called the body to order.
He presented a report of the work of his
diocese, after which Dr. L. Delos Mans
field of San Jose, treasurer of the convo
cation, made a financial statement. Rev.
Dr. Gardner, the popular young Palo Alto
pastor, was appointed essayist for the
next convocation, his topic to be "The
Relation of Science and Religion."
The object of the convocation is the con
sideration of missionary work to be found
in this diocese and the solution of various
problems affecting the growth of the
church. The afternoon was therefore
chiefly devoted to a discussion of "Chris
tian Science," so called. Rev. J. A.
O'Meara of Santa Clara opened with a
paper ln which the subject was looked
! at from three points of view— theological,
scientific and therapeutic. He declared
"Christian science" was a misnomer, the
i cult it designated being essentially not
! scientific, since science classified prov
: able knowledge and was exact and not
j Christian, for it regarded Jesus as a man
of human parents and not as the divine
Christ, thus striking away the very foun
dation of Christianity. ".';-''
"Christian science," he said, "cannot
| stand the test of common-sense. It denies
| the existence of matter and the trust
worthiness of the evidences of the senses,
I while the greatest scientists teach that
matter does •■ exist and that the senses
are trustworthy."
Looking at the subject with relation to
therapeutics, he said Christian - science
had been successful in some cases, operat
ing on the principle of the domination of
mind over matter, where the trouble was
of an imaginary nature; but that, ft was
baffled when confronted with surgery.
The paper concluded- with, the statement
that Christian science was the enemy of
I the church of God. because it denied some
of the -most cherished doctrines of the
church and denounced them as delusions.
Vespers were celebrated at 7:30 o'clock.
Rev. William Ford Nichols, Bishop of
California, officiating, assisted by Arch
deacon Emery and twelve other clergy
men. After service the Bishop made an
address upon missionary work in the dio-
I cese of California.
GENERAL ANDERSON
GOES TO CHICAGO
CHICAGO. May 2.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Washington says:
General T. M. Anderson has been as
signed to the command of the Depart
ment of the Lakes, with headquarters at
Chicago. General Anderson is at San
Francisco, having returned but recently
from Manila, and he is expected to as
sume his new command within a few
days. He notified the War Department
a day or two ago that he was ready for
further duty, and lt is presumed he will
start immediately for Chicago.
The new commander of the Department
of the Lakes is a gallant soldier, with a
long and distinguished career to his
credit. He is a major general of volun
teers- and a brigadier general ln the regu
lar army. His latest service has been in
tha Philippines.
two political .leaders of Los Angeles a
friend who is near to the Governor says
that the Governor said yesterday, he
fore he went north, that under ho cir
cumstances will he be the first to make
overtures to General Otis. y _
"1 have no favors to ask of the owner
of the Time.', or any. of his hirelings," Is
what the Governor is reported to have
remarked.
UMPIRE FOLLOWED
BY A JEERING CROWD
Pirates Win From the Leaders in a
Game Full of Exciting
Incidents.
STANDING OF TUB CLUBS.
Clubs- W. L. Tet.! Clubs - W. L. Pet. I
=t. Louis 1" .1 .7C9 I Baltimore .... S 7 .53.1
Philadelphia .1" 5 .C6C|Boston S 7 .683
Brooklyn '.> 6 .600 New York.... 6 S 189
Chicago 3 6 .*'.' Pittsburg ... 3 8 .273
Cincinnati ... 7 5 .7*. 3) Washington . 411 .2%
Louisville 7 6 .6391 Cleveland 3 9 .250
PITTSBtTRO. May 2. -Pittsburg finally won
from St. Louis after one of the most stubbornly
contested games seen here for years. It was
full of incidents, too. (..-miner's hand was split
in the fourth inning; Bowerman was put out
> ■:' the game for talking back to Smith; O'Con
nor was taken from the bench by policemen
and off the grounds; several St. Louis players
were fined and the scene closed with a hoot
ing and Jeering crowd following Umpire Smith
to the dressing room. Attendance, 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 4 13 0
St. Louis 3 9 1
Batteries— Sparks, Bowerman and
Schrlver; Jones and Crlger. Umpires— Burns
and Smth.
NKW YORK, May 2.— The Giants won to
day's game by timely hitting in the sixth
Inning, Foster's hit sending In the two runs
that won the game. The locals fielded splen
didly. As much cannot be said for the Phil
],... Doyle's hitting and base-running were
a feature. The game was called after the
visitors' eighth. Inning on account of darkness.
Attendance, 1500. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 3 10 4
New York 4 10 1
Batteries— Fraser and Douglass; Coakley and
Brady. Umpires— and McDonald.
CLEVELAND, C, May 2.— Cleveland and
Louisville broke even again to-day. The first
game was a close and exciting one. The home
team batted out a victory ln the second game,
the errors of the visitors contributing some
what to the result. Attendance, 500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland J 5 3
Louisville 3 10 1
Batteries— Carsey and /.Ijnmer; Phillip! and
Klttredge. Umpires — O'Day and Brennan.
Second game:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 9 12 1
Louisville 5 11 4
Batteries— Sudhoft and Zimmer; McGee and
Powers. Umpires— O'Day and Brennan.
BALTIMORE, May To-day's game was an
Interesting contest until tire ninth Inning, when
the Orioles made a bunch of four errors, al
lowing the champions to score four runs with
out a hit. Miller pitched a good game, but
Nichols showed to better advantage. After the
first Inning, In which two singles and a two
bagger gave Baltimore two runs. Nichols
steadied and kept the hits of the home team
scattered. Attendance, 2270. Score:
v, _ R. H. E.
Baltimore 2 7*4
Boston 9 10 1
Batteries— Miller and Robinson; Nichols and
Clarke. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
WASHINGTON, May* The Senators were
shut out to-day. their batting being very weak,
; while the fielding of the visitors was perfect.
i The Senators' fielding was poor. Attendance,
I 1000. Score: ■ '■
R. H. E.
! Washington 0*» 4 3 '
I Brooklyn 7 7 0
Batteries— Baker and McGuire; Hughes and
1 Farrell. Umpires— and Andrews.
— : — •- — —
PHOENIX PARK SUSPECTS
ARE TO BE LIBERATED
Reported That the Alleged flayers of
Lord Cavendish Will Be Freed
y'yfff'ff on May • 24. /bf
NEW YORK, May 2.— A cable to the
Sun from Dublin says: It is stated that
the men who are still imprisoned for par
| ticipation in the murder of Lord Freder^-'
i ick Cavendish, chief Secretary for Ire
land, and T. H. Burke, permanent under
; secretary, in Phoenix Park on May 6,
, 1882, will be liberated on the Queen's
| birthday. May 24. "
PASTOR CRABB IS
DENIED A DIVORCE
Must Provide for His |
Wife's Support.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 2.— The Rev. W. D.
Crabb, the Methodist divine, has been de
nied a divorce from- his wife, Hattie A.
Crabb. Instead he must pay $20 a month
for her maintenance, besides the cost of
the suit. This was the decision of
Judge Kittredge to-day.
The case, was reviewed by the court.
The charge, on which a divorce was
sought was cruelty, resulting in great
mental suffering. In deciding the case
Judge Kittredge said several things must
be considered. Were the. accusations of
defendant against her husband false? Did
the accusations cause grievous mental In
jury, or did these feelings arise from the
fault of the plaintiff? The accusations
were admitted to be false,, but the court
did not believe the mental suffering of the
pastor arose from the accusation. In
stead there was something else back- of
this trouble. The whole case was a
mystery. He did not believe the true
| cause had been brought out at the trial.
: Hints of the disturbing element could be
i found in the correspondence between Dr.
I Crabb and his wife.
The court said Dr. Crabb's unhappiness
! arose from the fact that he considered
| his wife insane. The attention of the
! minister to teachers while at the Univer
; sity of the Pacific and to his female
: parishioners at Gilroy had nothing to do
with It. He was possessed of the idea
that his wife was Insane seven years ago.
At that time he made the matter known.
Dr. Crabb suffered from this and it
seemed to blight his life. His letters
showed this. That he fully believed his
wife deranged mentally was borne out by
his having sent her to a private asylum at
| Livermore. and later to the Agnews Asy
| lum. During the trial It was conceded
! Mrs. Crabb was sane and responsible, so
i the court would not decide that matter.
| The charge of grievous mental suffering
j through false accusations had not been
I sustained and the divorce was denied.
Judge Klttredge said he did not be
lieve Dr. Crabb had ever written a con
! fession of his love for other women." and
i hinted that the confession produced
In court was forged. He did not believe
there had been any undue intimacy by
Dr. Crabb with female members of his
parish.
It was ordered that the first $20 for
maintenance be paid on May 15, and that
payments be made thereafter on the Ist
jof each month. It was doubtful whether
Mr. Crabb could pay this sum. His sal-
I ary now in a South San Francisco church
! was only $19 a month. Besides this he had
but a few household goods and an inter
est In a parcel of land. Yet he should
contribute something to his wife's sup- j
port. I _
Attorney C. W. Cobb, counsel for Dr.
Crabb. was granted a ten days' stay.
BOYDONE'S MEMORY
PLAYS QUEER FREAKS
WILLOWS. May 2.— At the opening of I
court this morning, Judge Pirkey modi- j
fled his ruling of Saturday excluding all
testimony as to the financial condition of
the late William Murdock, together with j
the financial condition and all declara- ,
tions of Samuel Murdock, by allowing the j
defense to show the financial condition of |
Samuel Murdock from 1872 to and Includ- !
ing the Sth of September. 1877. the date or
the note now in litigation. The defense |
excepted to the modification.
The defense called W. S. Murdock to
the stand. Me testified as to certain con- j
versations he had with Mary Helen Mur
dock In 1881, in which she is alleged to (
have said that William Murdock was out I
of debt. The witness was confused as to
dates. -" '" -' '''■■ • •" 1
Supervisor James Boydone swore to the
belief that William Murdock was on- the j
ranch at Kanawha on September 5, 1872.
On cross-examination he failed to remem
ber when he was naturalized or married.
On the latter subject he was allowed four
minutes to think of the year m which he
was married, hut had to give it up.
Death, of Henry B. Hyde. j
NEW YORK, May 2.— Henry B. Hyde,
president of the Equitable Life Assur
ance Society of the United States, died
at his home in this city this afternoon of
heart failure. Mr. Hyde had been suffer
ing for more than a year with inflamma
tory rheumatism, which left him with an
affection of the heart. lb- spent last sum
mer in Saratoga for his health. On Mon
day he was seized with an alarming at
tack, which grew continually worse until
this afternoon. Mr. Hyde was horn in
Catskill, N. v.. on February 15, \y\.
AD VEBTISEMEK TS.
"Honest Labor Bears
a Lovely Face/
There is nothing more striking and pleas-
ing to look upon, than a hearty, ruddy face,
gained by honest toil. They are the saving
of the nation, these toilers of both sexes
struggling for daily bread.
Pure blood makes them strong and more
able to keep up the daily round of duty
whether at home, shop or store. If the
blood has a taint or impurity, or a run down
feeling comes on, the one remedy is Hood's
Sarsaparilla, America's Greatest Medicine,
for purifying the blood.
Leg Sores— "Sores on my wife's Bad Blood— "Although past 70 years
limb were 60 bad she could not walk, of age, lam thoroughly well. It was three
Physicians' aid of no value and she used bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla that made me
crutches. After taking Hood's Sarsapa' so after spending over $60 in medical at'
ilia she laid them aside and walked freely." tendance. My trouble was a raw sore on
Fred A. Hoyle, Reynolds Bridge, Conn. my ankle." Mrs. Louisa Mason, Court
' _, . uXrT . _b_, ... Street, Lowell, Mass.
Grip— 'Was in very bad condition
after an attack of grip. Nothing helped me Dyspepsia— "For twelve years I was
and I almost gave up hope. I am strong dyspeptic and broken in health, had terrible
and feel better now than. in twenty years, pains in my back and was unable to work.
all because I took Hood's Sarsaparilla, When I had taken three bottles of Hood's
which made my blood rich and pure." Sarsaparilla I recovered my health I al-
John O. Duncan, 649 Russell ay., Indian' ways recommend it." J. F. -Manor, 362
apolis, Ind. Bth Street, Oswego, N.Y. • - *
Hood's WHS cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
SLIGHT DAMAGE
DONE BY FROST
Fruit Around Fresno Is
Nipped.
— ♦ — -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, May 2.— number of vine
yardists who were seen to-day, ■ said
that fully a quarter of the crop was
ruined by the late frost and that the j
! raisin product would be lessened ac- ;
j cordingly. Not since 1896 was such a j
late and so severe a frost experienced. I
Such reports are invariably exaggerat- j
ed, but there is no gainsaying the fact
that the late frost did considerable
damage. A peculiar thing about the
frost is that it seemed to come in cur
rents. Certain vineyards were dam
aged, while adjacent places escaped al- j
j together, or were only slightly bitten.
I The generally accepted theory is that j
the cold spell went in currents, al- j
! though it may be that local conditions |
j in certain vineyards enabled them to
withstand the frost better than ad
jacent places. For the reason that the
damage was not general it cannot
well be expressed in figures. "';'
SONOMA, May From the present |
indications the fruit crop in this vicin
ity has not been seriously damaged by
frosts. At present an abundant crop
j of fruits, with the exception of cherries,
I prunes and pears, is expected. Of. the
| three varieties excepted, a fair crop is
i assured, while apricots will be very ;
! scarce. Apple orchards and most of
! the peaches will need thinning. Vine- ,
j yards are looking fine and an abundant !
crop is expected. The grain and hay
I crops are both excellent. The showers
I of last week were of great benefit to
both.
RED BLUFF, May 2. — Manton.
thirty-five miles northeast of. Red
Bluff, was visited by a severe frost Fri
day morning and the entire fruit crop
was damaged. Even strawberries suf
fered. Manton is the principal apple- |
growing locality in the county and the |
losses necessarily will be very heavy.
WEDDING AT
PRETTY ALLENDALE
SANTA ROSA, May Allendale, the
hospitable home of H. C. Hobart, near
Sebastopol, was the scene of a pretty
wedding to-day, when Mr. Hobart's eldest
daughter, Miss Jessie Margaret Hobart.
was united in marriage to James M.
Leonard of Sutro. Nev. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. C. C. Kirk
land pastor of the Congregational
church at Sebastopol. Miss Maud Ho
bart a sister of the bride, acted a? mala
of n'onor. while William G. Landers of
San Francisco attended the groom. Dur
ing the ceremony Park's orchestra of this
city discoursed appropriate music. Only
a f»w Intimate friends and relatives were
present After an elaborate wedding
breakfast Mr. and Mrs. Leonard depart
ed for New York on an extended wedding
The bride is well known in San Fran-
Cisco and New York. She is a cousin of
Walter Scott Hobart and is an heiress in
her own right The groom is a son of
Franklin Leonard, president of the fam
ous Comstock Tunnnel Company of Sutro,
Nev
■- Walter S. Hobart and family were
among those present at the wedding to
day.
MRS. McGUIRE DIVORCED. j
SAN RAFAEL, . May 2.-Mrs. Belle j
Adelc McGuire was granted a divorce to-.
day from Frank McGuire on the grounds
of desertion and failure to provide. Mrs. j
McGuire is the daughter of J. C. Ellis,
clerk of the Board of Prison Directors,
and has resided at San Quentin since the 1
separation of herself and husband. Mc-
Guire is a San Francisco politician and is >
: B aid to be holding a fn,t berth now under j
; the Harbor Commission. He made no op- |
, position to the suit.
Raisin Combine a Success.
FRESNO, May The success of the
, California Raisin Growers' Association is 1
now assured. At a meeting held to-night j
it was decided that the association had '
secured the requisite 90 per cent of the
crop of the five central counties. The
packers accepted the figures and will
work in unison with the growers' associa
tion. The success of the pool, which was
! hovering in the balance, is a matter for
congratulation among the growers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"~~~ ~n~ HURRAH
FOB THE
11 GAMBRINUS
jllbock
J^^^^ OF PORTLAND,
5^ J&fe-I^$ i¥&l^. OREGON.
PORTLAND, M&W&*
OREGON. L®^^?
OREGON - JJF£
1 have no rival on this side of
the Atlantic.
In Bavaria, in the ancient beer
city of Munich, they may have
something like it.
We call the attention of all beer
drinkers, especially those who
have tasted Spaten or Zacherf
Bock, to the "GAMBRINUS."
We are sure they will feel satis-
fied that GAMBRINUS BOCK can-
not be beat. «
The GAMBRINUS BOCK is on
tap for only a tew days in all the
first-class beer houses of the city.
Look for the GAMBRINUS sign.
Our only agent for the State of
California is the GAMBRINUS
BOTTLING CO. , Gustav Liebold,
President, No. 316-318 Tenth
Street, near Folsom, San Francisco,
where all orders for draught and
bottle beer will receive prompt
attention.
GAMBRINUS BREWING CO.,
Portland, Oregon.
l_lP^_ 1
I ® «f| Private Counselor §
* 'ilk *S3l l ° r a^&S^' m j
I fc^^K AT OFHC£eRByMAiu|
\DP M EYERS ij£o=W
\731 MarKet StXMrancfcoy
LARGE SIMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or '.oaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
inventions or Ideas. ■•
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
000000000000000000
I™* PALACE A^o
IGRANO wtels g
Q SAN FRANCISCO. "
f* Connected by a covered - passageway. "
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo w: h Bath Attached. °
0 All Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 EuropeanPlan.gl.OO per lay and upward Q
n American Plan. s.".()o per day^nd upward _
•* Correspondence Solicited. O
0 JOHN 0. KIBSPATRICK. Manager. O
000000000000000000
0^ Chlclicnter's English Diamond Brand.
P Chichester's English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V -<Z£~y ■ Original and Only Genuine ■ A
_T/. 7lv\ B * rE . &.'»»*/« Rlia.blo. uoitt aik /ffV
A/71 V*^M_ Droi « fcr Chichester Enqluh D.a-Jm\\
fcrf*<is_?W?»r\moni/ Brand lc Ked and <;->(<_ me U'.li_V*»sSr
Tj. — -TSjHboxea, seaitA with blue ribbon. Take Vfi'
|*1 ®^ *vi no ether. Refuse dar.jtrous svbstitu. f
I / *" JJf tions and imitations. At Druggists, or send 4s.
I W yg in Rampi for particular., icstiinorrlal* »n_
V "C* B " Relief Tor Ladles.'* in letter, by return
-X IT Mall. 10,000 T«timomal«. jr__i. puffer.
■ ■" "l Ohl<>>ic«ter CSeinlcal Co., M mil ton a>r^
fetia by all Loral Drngststi. PHIL A ">A.. i'_?
■ill
T'IIIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
X specialist curei Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over -0 yrs' experience.
Patients CO red a I Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 daily : 8.90 to 8:110 ev'gs. Sundays, to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull . or address
P. lIOSCOF. MoXUIiTY, M.D.
25 1^ Kearny St., San Francisco. CaL
lERCE'S
§p*& FAVORITE
SCRIPTION '
JL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
I A PERMANENT CURE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
9 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
c days; no other treatment required. • . .■ 5
S f Sold by all druggists. 7 S
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
; $5 to {S week; $_ to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room; Are grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
\A/. X. HESS,
KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenia iiuor. Room 101&, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telepbone Brown ML
Residence. Ml California «.. below Powell.
San Franclaco.
>fl?y oewey.strong aco.^ggv
Cl jpATENTSf 3
_ VSS^S) MARKETS T"s.FVSSr
Weak Men and Women
«^H*-*I7DD USE UAMIANA BITTERS. IHcl
V» great Mexican remedy; give* health aaa
sireiuan nt s«*u«__ orgau. DtooL '*& Mar____i_,GRAND COURT OF
FORESTERS OPENS
AT SANTA CLARA
SANTA CLAM, May 2.— The eleventh annual session of the Grand Court,
Foresters of America, convened here thla morning. Two hundred and twenty
flve delegates were In attendance. Many delegates have their wives with them
and Santa Clara Is entertaining the visitors In a hospitable manner. The ho
tela re full and many persons have found convenient quarters In private houses.
Ihe streets and business houses are gaylv decorated In holiday attire, and a
brass band discourse.! at intervals during the day and evening.
■ The court convened at 10 o'clock, Grand Chief Ranger J. Samuels presiding.
The usual committees were announced and several resolutions wore Introduced
and referred. A note from the Social Club was received, the delegates being in
vited to use the club rooms during the week. The town officials Invited the del
egates to participate In a parade in the afternoon and attend the exercises In
the public park. This was accepted and the session adjourned until Wednesday
morning.
In the afternoon there was a parade of the delegates, the local court of For
esters and the citizens of the town. At the park Mayor Druffel made a speech
ot welcome and bade the visitors enjoy the freedom of the town. Grand Chief
Rancor Samuels responded. The rest of the afternoon was spent by many of the
delegates in driving about the country.
To-morrow will be a day of interest. Important questions will be brought
up for discussion. The principal one is that of holding biennial sessions in the
future. It will provoke a hot debate and a close vote is expected,
To-morrow afternoon the election of grand officers will occur. A good deal
cf political work is being done in this connection. Candidates are numerous and
many combinations are reported, but good feeling prevails. Those who are "on
the inside" claim that the results of the election will be as follows: Grand chief
ranger, J. W. Hughes; grand sub-chief ranger. Hugo K. Asher; grand senior
woodward. John Heenan. Southern California will name the grand junior wood
ward, and the choice lies between J. F. Greenough, W. A. Weldon and R. A.
Douglas. Senior beadle. Charles H. Hogg; junior beadle, Lee Wells; trustees—
E. Lampe. Dr. George Pache and one other to be chosen from a half dozen as
pirants.
The positions of grand representatives are the ones sought. Thirteen are to
he chosen, and there are thirty candidates. Those most frequently mentioned
are: A. Orflla, H. c. Warner, C. P. Rendon, J. Samuels. C. A. Bolderman, J. F.
Severance, S. A. White, Sylvester Shaben, Charles Ing, R. R. Dunstan. E. S.
Wolf. H. Krymmtnger, C. A. Melvill, .1. S. W. Saunders and R. Rasmussen.
On Wednesday night Senator Wolfe will lecture on "The Good of the Order."
Afterward there will be a social dance. On Thursday night there will be ,1
banquet and on Friday night a ball will be given at the Rose Carnival Pavilion
on the alaxneda, half way between here and San Jose. >*--
To-night the hilarious side degrees were administered, and initiations were
numerous.
TOO MUCH TALK
LOVE'S UNDOING
Grand Jury Expert Gets
Into Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, May 2. —A sensa
tional episode occurred at the regular
monthly meeting of the Board of Bu
.'isors of this county this morning. H.
S. Love, in expert accountant, who has
has been employed by the Grand Jury,
which has been sitting In this county
for the past four months, and whose
demands for services rendered for
such employment have been presented
at the last two meetings of the Board
df Supervisors, but each time have been
held over without action, was accused
by District Attorney Mcl "aniel of per
jury in the making of an affidavit to
claims for an i mount in excess of what
was his proper due.
Love, whose investigations from time
to time leaked out, owing to his volu
bility, early In his work signified his
Intention to "make it hot for the Su
pervisors" in his report. They re
taliated by secretly putting a watch
man oyer him This man reported
that • _ove's claim, as filed, for services
was much in excess of the proper
amount due him for the time actually
rendered. A criminal prosecution will
likely follow the charges made by the
District Attorney.
WOMEN IN CONVENTION.
Missionary Society of Los Angeles
District Meets.
PASADENA. May 2 The fourteenth
convention of the Woman's Home Mis
sionary Society of the M. E. Church, Los
Angeles district, met this afternoon in
this city for a two .days' session. The
principal features of the programme for
the two days are as follows:
Tuesday afternoon— Address of welcome.
Mrs. L. P. Stevens; response. Mrs. F. M.
Larkin: reports of officers; talk. "Our
Gold Diggings in Alaska." Mrs. H. J.
Christ; address. Miss C. V. Potter, dea
coness, Salt Lake City; dress. "Mission
Work in Our City 51ums." Rev. S. Mar-
Bhall; Fairfield; address, "Our Race Prob
lem," Rev. E. A. Healy.
Wednesday morning— The -tinning of
the Woman's Horn* Missionary .Society
of Southern California conference. Mrs.
A. E. Pomeroy; "Later Developments in
Chinese Work." Mrs. T. N. Davis: tea
coness Work," Mrs. George W. White:
"Spanish Work." Mrs. A. N. Whitson;
"Porto Rico: Is It a Mission Field?" Mrs.
J. A. Dougherty.
Afternoon— Paper. Tithing." Mrs. A.
M. Love-well. M. D. ; "Our Nursery," Mrs.
M. G. McKoon; "The Initiative." Mrs.
L. A. Ross: "The Baby's Outfit," Mrs.
Anna Truitt. Boule Heights; "A Novel
Entertainment." Mrs. J. v. Baldwin,
University; "Practical Needlework," Miss
Ada E. Hutton. First Church, Los Ange
les; "Killing the Gaps." Miss Mattle
Reed. First Church. Pasadena; question
box, Mrs. P. H. Bodkin.
if Ncr ve= Weakness \
Ml Headiches, Trembling, ' va
M tmaciatioa, Paleness, \ra
||| Sleeplessness, Horrid Dreams, M
I Lack of Energy, Dizzy Spells, B
II Impaired Memory, Impaired Digestion. IS
\ Hudyan Cures, i
The above symptoms are Indicative of serious nervous disorder. Hudyan will cure '
you. Do not permit yourself to go on and on to complete prostration. Hudyan Is an I
Infallible remedy in these disorders. j
OAKLAND, Cal. WASHINGTON, lowa. |
Dear Doctors:— l suffered from a dreadful Dear Doctors:— l am feeling fine, and i
nervous disease. Could not sleep, could not all symptoms of my nervous trouble have
"•at and would shake like a leaf at times, passed away. I have no more of those '
I was pale and . thin. My memory was dizzy spells, and can sleep well and awake I
very poor. After taking three boxes of refreshed. I have gained in strength and
your valuable Hudyan, I find that lam weight. I owe my present happiness and
restored to perfect health again. I feel good health to your valuable Hudyan. I
like a new being. Just feel that I cannot thank you enough I
• "•■■■ MISS MINNIE BROWN. for the benefit I have received. - I
T. W. RANDALL. j
Hudvan is for sale by druggists. SOc a package, or six packages for $2 50. i
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan, send direct to ifi HUDYAN REMEDY
CO., corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco, Cal. «
YOU HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF CONSULTING THE HUDYAN DOCTORS j
ABOUT TOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. I
........ . *- i
MATAAFA' MEN
STILL DEFIANT
Situation in the Samoan
Islands Very Critical.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
WELLINGTON. J*. Z.. May Advices
from Samoa indicate that the instructions
received from the powers to cease hos
tilities make the situation in the islands
very serious, as the rebels hold the main
food supplies and are again near the
municipality of Apia.
The correspondent of Reuters News
Agency thinks it Is evident thai the home
authorities have misunderstood the situa
tion in Samoa. The Germans and rebels
are already jubilant and claim a victory
over the British and American forces.
The correspondent says that unless the
rebels are made to submit the difficulties
will remain unsolved. The white people
in the outskirts of the city are at the
mercy of the rebels.
The American Vice-Consul's store at
Falifa was looted last week, while a Ger
man store adjoining it was left untouch
ed, British and American residents all
strongly condemn the action of the pow
ers In ordering cessation of hostilities
at this stage.
Two days after the last battle at Vaili
ma Lieutenant R. A. Gaunt of the Brit- \
ish cruiser Porpoise marched his brigade
Into Valllma unopposed and was followed
by a company or British bluejackets un
der Captain Sturdee and Lieutenant
Cave. An inspection pf the battlefield
shows that the defenses erected by the
rebels near the home of the late Robert
Louis Stevenson were strong and well
planned. The loss sustained by the reb
els, it is evident, was much greater than
was at first supposed. The main section
of Mataafa's followers, who were en
gaged in the battle of Valllma, retreated
westward to Lulumoenga, where they lay
In wait for frlendlies. Orders had been
given them to capture Lieutenant
Gaunt's head. The rebels were also anx
ious to secure the superior weapons with
which his brigade ls armed.
It is rumored that thirteen boats, with
armed rebels, are approaching from the
east. The town appears to lie safe.
— =3
DREYFUS SEEMS LIKELY
TO SECURE A NEW TRIAL
The Court of Cassation Said to Be
About Evenly Divided on the
Question.
LONDON, May 3.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Morning Post says: "I
am informed by a magistrate that, as a
result of an informal discussion by the
Judges of the Court of Cassation, it has
been ascertained that the court is so even
ly divided that probably there will be un
der the least favorable conditions only a
majority of two against Dreyfus revision;
but as it Is certain that there will be ab
sences owing to Illness and other causes
■ the final decision will be swayed by Presi
• dent Ballot de Beaupre. who is believed
i to favor a retrial by court-martial."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
THE FILIPINO ARMY MUST
SURRENDER UNCONDITIONALLY
MANILA, May The second
conference, held this morning
between General Otis and the
Filipino emissaries, Colonel
Manuel Arguelles and Lieu
tenant Jose Bernal, terminated with
out any definite results.
MANILA, ': May 2.— Major Manuel ,
Arguelles and Lieutenant Jose Bernal j
of the staff of General Antonio Luna re- j
'.. turned to-day to renew the request of l
General Luna for a cessation of hostili
ties. They have found the field of \
> labor a most uncongenial one. , The
two officers were received in confer
! ence with Major General Otis. The
proposals which they had to submit
differed but slightly from those which j
they brought from the Filipinio com- I
mander in the flrst place. They de
i sired a little time in which to sum
mon Congress, and expressed ' them
selves at being confident that the Con
gress will decree peace, because the
i people desire it. They represent that
j Aguinaldo is without power to sur- ]
I render the army, and that the Congress
i must decide that question. Incident
! ally, the Filipino envoys asserted that
Aguinaldo had not yet made a fair
test of his strength against the Amer
lean forces, because only one-third of
his army had been assembled to
gether.
The envoys presented a letter from
Mabini, President and Minister of For
! eign Affairs in the Cabinet of Aguin- j
aldo, and who is the backbone of the |
, Filipino organization. The communi- j
cation is personal and unofficial . and j
seconds Major Arguelles' arguments.
Whether or not General Luna is sin- j
I ' cere in his overtures, the negotiations
: are giving the insurgents a much-need
ed opportunity to rehabilitate their de
moralized force The truth is that dis
sensions among the leaders of the ;
rebels is helping on the disorganization j
of the Filipino army almost as much as I
the American campaign.
In the course of the conference with
the Filipino envoys, General Otis agreed
with the statement of Major Ar
guelles that the people of the Philippines
wanted peace, and he added that re
quests for protection are pouring In :
upon him from all parts of the country.
Major Genera] Lawtc-n was engaged;
in hard fighting early this morning. ;
Telegraphic communication was cut at 9
a. m., and there have been no reports
from Gent Lawton since that time.
The first authentic information re
garding Lieutenant J. C. Gillmore and
his oarty of fourteen men from the
I'nited States gunboat Yorktown. who
were captured by the Filipinos on April
12, was received to-day at» the hands of
Major Arguelles. It is in the form of a
list of the missing men, and is signed
by Lieutenant Gillmore. The Lieutenant
reports that he and his party have been
brought across the mountains from
Baler, where they were captured.
This Information was brought in re
sponse to a note which Major General
Mac Arthur sent to Luna by Major
Shields and Lieutenant Hayne, and
which these officers, bearing a flag of
truce, carried across General Luna's
line yesterday evening.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The follow
ing cablegram was received at the War
Department at midnight:
MANILA. May 3.— Adjutant General,
Washington: List of prisoners in the
hands of Insurgents just received shows
Lieutenant Gillmore and seven enlisted
men in the navy lost from the Yorktown,
and six enlisted men from the army.
Three of the six were wrongfully arrested
in January before hostilities commenced.
All reported to be doing well. Besides the
above there are two men in the hands of
the Insurgents of the south. Captain
Rockefeller is still unaccounted for.
OTIS.
MORE LIVES HAVE GONE
OUT IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON. May General Otis
reports the following deaths from wounds
In action— April 24, Otto Kastenburger.
private, H. First Nebraska; Charles
Schwartz, private, D, First Nebraska;
25, L. C. Dean, private, L, First South
Dakota; 26. Moritz Jensen, corporal, B,
Utah Artillery; Fritz Bumeller, private,
B. Utah Artillery: Martin O. Legg, pri
vate. L, First Nebraska; George Ochmer,
private, G, Second Oregon; 28, Francis
Hanson, corporal, L, First Nebraska;
Henry Morrison, private. M, Twentieth
Kansas; Clyde Z. Woods, private. H,
First Washington; George W. Hovey, cor
poral, H. First Washington; Albert
Terry, private, 1.. Twentieth Kansas,
drowned accidentally; 23, Patrick Man
ning, private, L, Seventeenth Infantry;
24, Frederick Lundon, private D, First
California: 25, James Kennedy, private,
X, First Montana: 28, M. Wilson, private,
E, Twelfth Infantry, typhoid fever; 25,
Mavnard Sayres, private, L, First Ne
braska; 27, Oliver Davis, private, D, First
South Dakota; 20, Richard Carroll, pri
vate, B. Third infantry, smallpox; 23,
John Sheehan. private, L, Seventeenth
Infantry: 26, Robert Carter, private. F,
Third Infantry, dysentery; IT. Herbert A.
Hopkins, private, E. First California; 24,
William Burgess, private, E. First Idaho,
ptomaine poisoning; 15, William Clark,
private, E, Eighteenth Infantry.
COLONEL FUNSTON MADE
A BRIGADIER GENERAL
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The President
has appointed Colonel Frederick Funston
of the Twentieth Kansas a brigadier gen
eral of volunteers. This appointment was
recommended by Major General Mac A
rthur and supplemented very strongly by
General Otis In a cable dispatch received
yesterday. General Mac Arthur said the
services of Funston during the campaign,
especially In the crossing of the Rio
Grande, deserve recognition such as his
promotion to be a brigadier general, also
that as a leader of troops Colonel Fun
ston was particularly valuable. The Presi
dent recognises the services of Colonel
Funston. and his first official act on return
ing to Washington was to make him a
brigadier general. The cable General Otis
sent yesterday says: "Mac Arthur strong
ly recommends Colonel Funston's ap
pointment as brigadier general for signal
skill and gallantry In crossing the Rio
Grande and most gallant services since
the commencement of the war.- I urge
his appointment. Funston Is an able lead
er of men and has earned recognition."
AGUINALDO DENIES THAT
HE IS SUING FOR PEACE
LONDON, May 2.— Representatives of
the Filipino Junta, say they have received
a telegram from Aguinaldo, dated April
30, ln which he states that his Govern
ment has nothing to do with the present
peace negotiations, which, he asserts, are
being conducted by a group of half-castes
and Creoles, who are anxious for peace
in the expectation of getting high oflices
under a new government. Several of these
men, Aguinaldo says, are members of the
Filipino Congress, where they are endeav
oring to outvote him. Aguinaldo added
that he had had no direct negotiations
witn the Americans since the fall of
Malolos, when certain proposals passed
between D. .C. Worcester of the American
Philippine Commission and a representa
tive or Aguinaldo to peace based upon In
dependence with an American alliance.
Aguinaldo disavows the present negotia
tions and adds that under no circum
stances will he accept an American pro
tectorate. The dispatch concludes with a
contemptuous reference to Major Argue
les as a Spanish officer who has no more
authority to act on behalf of Aguinaldo
than has Luna himself. • -\yy '--.--
Maher and Buhlin Draw.
NEW YORK, May 2.— Peter Maher and
Gus Ruhlin, "the Akron Giant," fought a
twenty-round draw before the Lenox Ath
letic Club to-night. Maher was nine
pounds the lighter of the two. Maher was
the odds-on favorite at ' 100 to 60. Six
thousand people saw the fight. Maher
weighed 181 pounds and Ruhlin 190. ,
BRIGADIER GENERAL FRED FUNSTON.
NO WONDER "AGGY"
IS A HOME RULER
NEW YORK, May 2.— Peter Scan lan of Jersey City, whose reputation
for voracity Is excellent, declares Aguinaldo, who is giving the Americans
so much trouble in the Philippines, is the son of an Irishman. Mr. Scanlan
says the Filipino leader's right name is O'Gormelly. His father, he says, was
a native of Tralee, County Kerry, who went to Hongkong, where he married
a wealthy Japanese woman. He then moved to Manila. There he engaged
in the grocery business and made a fortune. Aguinaldo was born in Manila,
and In his youth was sent by ids father to Madrid to be educated for the
priesthood, but the lad objected to that calling, aad told his father he wished
to he a second George Washington and free his people. His father then dis
owned him and made a will cutting him off from any share of his prop
erty. : fff _
Mr. Scanlan thinks it is the Irish blood in Aguinaldo that makes him
such a fighter.
NICKEL MACHINES
WILL HAVE TO GO
Mayor of Los Angeles
on the Warpath.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— Mayor Fred
Eaton at to-day's session of the City
Council sent a snappy message to that
body by which he returned the ordi
nance to license the nickel-in-the-slot
machines without his approval. This
ordinance was prepared to assist in
raising additional revenue, owing to the
reduced condition of the city treasury.
Mayor Eaton in his message says that
he objects to the ordinance, as it pro
vides for the licensing ' of machines
which pay winnings in money, and that
they are "a notorious sure-thing me
chanical swindle."
After reciting that the City Attorney
has informed him that the machines
are not made illegal devices by law and
according to the rulings of the Supreme
Court cannot be prohibited, he says he
does not believe the city is reduced to
the necessity of gaining . revenue by
licensing such swindling devices, and
that other games might be taxed which
give the player a more even chance.
The message concluded with a broad
side that startled the city patriarchs:
"It seems somewhat anomalous that
in a city where it is lawful to drink
bottled beer on Sunday but unlawful
to drink the same brand of beer when
drawn from a keg the City Council
should license one of the most vicious
forms of petty gambling that is prac
ticed."
The whole was referred to a com
mittee, which in its report said:
Your committee iK appalled to contem
plate the amount of irreparable damage
that would be" occasioned by such a com
promise with satan; an eternity would
not be of sufficient duration to overcome
the evil Incubated during that period of
the maintenance of devices of the char
acter described by the Mayor.
The measure failed to pass over the
Mayor's veto.
To-night Mayor Eaton said he. would
call a special meeting of the Police
Commission to-morrow for the purpose
of giving saloons notice to remove from
their premises all slot machines paying
money to the players under penalty of
losing their saloon licenses.
"If the Council won't take the mat
ter in hand it gratifies me to be able
to do it," said the Mayor.
CLAUS SPRECKELS THANKED.
Resolutions Adopted by the San
Miguel . Farmers' Alliance.-
SAN MIGUEL, April 28. -The Farmers'
Alliance and Industrial Union of San
Miguel has adopted the following:
: "Whereas, The year's, crops in a~large
portion of Monterey and San Luis Obispo
counties were very near a total failure
in 1898, and the year 1899 opened with no
brighter prospects; and whereas, a great
number of our farmers, having exhausted
what means they had In providing food
for themselves and families and fodder for
their starving stock, made appeals for
assistance and their appeals were not in
vain. ■> ■■■■- * 7. y
"Resolved, That a vote of thanks of this
lodge be tendered to all who so nobly
came to our assistance, and especially do
we thank Claus Spreckels for his gen
erous gift and payment for hay and pro
visions. • n'
"Resolved, That a copy of these pream
bles and resolutions be sent to the fol
lowing papers: San Francisco Examiner
and Call. San Luis Breeze and'Reasoner.
| Paso Robles Record; that a copy be
spread on our minutes and that a copy be
sent to Claus Spreckels.
..- "LEWIS LARSON,'
"Secretary of the San Miguel F. A. and I.
U., San Miguel, Cal." •
SOLDIERS A RE
NOW ON GUARD
Confidence Is Gradually
Restored at Wardner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WARDNER, Idaho, May 2.— The
presence of soldiers has eased the situ
ation remarkably, and to-night the
people are gradually regaining slight
confidence, but it is felt that peace can
not be assured until 500 troops are
quartered here. More troops will ar
rive to-morrow. Captain Batchelor and
his gallant seventy-six soldiers, as
sisted by 100 townsmen, who are un
der arms, would give such resistance
as would annihilate any ordinary force,
but should the 1300 men up . Canyon
Creek arrive fully armed, the little
guard now here could hardly hope to
cope with them.
The old militia guns to the number of
about seventy have all been distributed
among the men here, and what State
ammunition remained has also been
distributed among the men. About
7000 rounds of ammunition belonging to
the old militia force, and stored in the
vaults at the B.unker Hill office, were
lost in the wreck of that property. Be
sides the State guns all the private
arms in town have been put to use.
One group of seventy men is on guard
at the camp of Captain Batchelor's
soldiers. Besides half as many men
are watching the station. Up at the
Bunker Hill mill is another group of
armed men. To-night they came down
to offer their defense to the town, but
later decided that it would be better
for them to return to the property.
This morning a little bunch' of
Bunker Hill men guarding the tram
way were overtaken by some of Sheriff
Young's deputies and their guns taken
from them. Later, on the command of
Auditor Sinclair, the Sheriff consented
to return the rifles to their owners, and
they have been continuing their watch.
State Auditor Sinclair is working
night and day to bring about the ar
rest of the criminals, and is vigorously
assisted by Coroner France. Twelve
complaints have been made out against
the conspirators, but the work is de
layed by the slowness of Prosecuting
Attorney Samuels. Francis Turner has
been arrested. The officials say that he
has positively been identified as one of
the masked rioters who blew up the
Bunker Hill mill. He was released on
$4000 Vail. •■-.;' :-7\-.W'.7.
The inquest to-morrow will be a dou
ble one. The body of James Cheyne,
the Bunker Hill man shot, by the
rioters, who died this afternoon in
Spokane, where he/was taken for hospi
tal treatment, will be brought back here
to-morrow. The inquest will take place
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon at Ward
ner Junction. Attorney General Hayes
is now on the road here to conduct the
prosecution. .:.• .
To-night on the flat by the railroad
station little eampfires are flickering,
and the faint call of a bugle is sounding
"taps" for the night. There Captain
Batchelor and his trusty fighters are
stationed. Near them is a little force
of armed men from the nearby town
ready for any emergency.
J Quite a number of union men left to
day on the trains, going in both direc
tions. But two arrests have been made,
and these are both out on bail. Martial
law has not yet been declared, but it is
expected that it will be to-morrow.
Coroner France will commence the in
quest on . John Smith, the union man
killed last week, as soon aa witnesses j
can be subpenaed. *
ITALIAN CABINET
MAY STEP DOWN
Strong Disapproval of
Government's Policy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, May 2.— ln the Chamber of Dep
uties to-day there was a prolonged and
animated discussion regarding the Gov-,
ernment's foreign policy, growing out of
various interpellations. The debate was
adjourned until' to-morrow, when the
Government will make a statement cov
ering all the questions raised.
In the course of the discussion Admiral
Canavero, Minister for Foreign Affairs,
created a lively sensation by producing,
in response to the attacks upon his policy
at San Mun Bay, China, an official letter
signed by Count *Bonin Longare. Under
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, in
the Cabinet of Marquis di Rudini, ad
dressed to the then Minister of Marine
Signor Brin, requesting the latter to ini
tiate some action that would secure for
Italy a station in China. The production
of the letter demonstrated that the lead
ers of the present opposition really ini
tiated the policy they are now oppos
ing.
Admiral Canavero's action in making
public a secret document evoked sharp
comment from Marquis di Rudini. Signor
Crispi, former Premier, and other lead
ing members of th*- Chamber.
Finally General Pellieux, the Premier,
asked that the debate be adjourned, and
the House rose amid considerable excite
ment. The Cabinet will meet to-morrow
morning, and it is rumored that General
Pellieux will tender the resignation of the
Ministry to King Humbert. General Pel
lieux went to the Quirinal this evening
and reported the situation to King Hum
bert. 7V<7-
The scene in the chamber when Signor
Crispi rebuked Admiral Canavero for di
vulging state documents was very dra
matic. "We are giving with light hearts."
said Signor ("rlspi, "a sorry spectacle to
Europe. I ask the Chamber to cease this
discussion." •■■''.
The Deputies treated Signor Crispi with
extraordinary deference, several rising
and exclaiming. "He is our only man."
As. three-fourths of the Deputies are
likely to vote against the Government, it
is believed that General Pellieux has de-
cided to repeat a strategem often employ
ed by Marquis di Rudini and to resign
forthwith, in which case King Humbert
will probably invite him to reconstruct
the Cabinet.
FINED FOR HAVING
STRUCK JAKE RAUER
SAN RAFAEL, May 2.— John Quinn, the
turfman, pleaded guilty to a charge of
simple assault in Justice of the Peace
Rodden's court this morning and was
fined $25. Quinn was charged with hav
ing assaulted Jake Raver. the San Fran
cisco collection agent, on the Tiburon
ferry-boat two weeks ago. The difficulty
between the men arose from an attempt
by Raver to collect a bill due the Bald
win Hotel. It came out at the trial that
the bill was owed by Charles Quinn. a
brother of the defendant, who is at pres
ent in the East.
All the Quinns looked alike to Raver
and he tackled the wrong man In a street
car, demanding payment of the account.
Quinrt was escorting some ladies to the
racetrack at the time, which prevented
him giving full expression to his resent
ment. The next time he met Raver was
on the Tiburon ferry, when he planted his
fist on the collection agent's forehead,
knocking him down.
Raver arrived at the courtroom to-day
just as Quinn was satisfying the fine Im
posed by the court. He was much dis
gruntled that the fine was so low and
heaped anathemas upon the head of the
court and officers, He wanted the trial
to go on, claiming that imprisonment
alone could avenge the punishment he re
ceived from the racing man.
//Jm MENS^^^y)^??! as k een crea^ e d in
y$M& AI.L WOOL our sale of men's all-wool
// / _fe_nmr\ llls_r ready-to-wear suits for
t Interest
has been created in
our sale of men's all-wool
ready-to-wear suits for
lllf 11 Ifi \Si Last week we sold a great
IMi \ i lii \W many of these suits. Cus-
1W lil 111 \il tomers were pleased, too —
« pleased with the price and
pleased with the suits.
In fact most people who buy here are pleased. Of course,
occasionally some purchases are not entirely satisfactory — true
in every business ; so we say in order to please you perfectly :
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Don't you think that this is a good liberal policy ?
Doesn't it prove the worth of the suits ?
BOYS' MIDDY SUITS,
For boys from 3 to 8 years ; colored collars and vests
(some plain) ; tastefully trimmed with soutache.
_rr>_r"^ fe mat
$2,45 a suit.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
Country orders filled.
CITIZENS WILL
BE PROTECTED
Honduras and Nicara-
qua to Be Taught
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 2— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: There is reason to believe
that the administration proposes to use
the Pears case and the Bluefields inci
dents to compel respect for the United
States in Honduras and Nicaragua,
While it is assumed that the Govern
ments of Honduras and Nicaragua
wish to act fairly, their subordinates
have been guilty of petty persecutions
of American citizens which, in many
instances, cannot be made the subject
of official complaint. A letter written
to the State Department last week by
a resident of Honduras shows the
character of the treatment accorded to
Americans in that country, and com
munications from Americans in Nica
ragua indicate that they are subject
ed to all manner of petty annoyances.
The State Department is therefore de
termined to bring the Hondurans and
Nicaraguans to account.
With this object in view the proposi
tion of the Honduras Government that
the Pears case be referred to arbitra
tion has been rejected and Minister
Hunter has been instructed to press
for an immediate settlement.
Should the $10,000 indemnity demand
ed be not forthcoming within a reason
able time a squadron will be ordered
to Honduras to enforce payment.
In the Bluefields matter the authori
ties are determined that General Torres
shall be removed and American citi
zens there shall not pay the double
assessment ordered.
On the part of the Navy Department,
cause of complaint against Nicaragua
arises out of the failure to get two ca
blegrams to Commander Dayton, com
manding the Detroit, now at Bluefields.
Similar trouble was experienced some
months ago in the case of the gunboat
Marietta, and the Detroit was sent to
Bluefields to make an investigation. At
that time President Zeyala denied
there had been any international stop
page of messages, and the matter was
finally dropped. The authorities are
much annoyed at the repetition of the
trouble, and steps will be taken to pre
vents its reoccurrence.
Frank Pears, a United States citizen
of Pittsburg, Pa., was killed by a sentry
at San Pedro Sula during the revolu
tionary uprising cm February 2 last. A
dispatch to the Herald from Washing
ton on April 17 last said that the United
States Government had demanded $10,
--000 indemnity for the heirs of Pears, the
Honduras Government having allowed
his murderer, who was a soldier, to
escape, justice by going into the in
terior. Minister Hunter was instructed
to demand indemnity and the punish
ment of the murderer.
, The Bluefields incident referred to is
the demand of General Torres, Presi
dent Zelaya's representative, that
American merchants should again pay
import duties for which they already
had been taxed by General Reyes, the
recent revolutionary leader, while he
was in power.
Outlaw to Act as Lawyer.
AUSTIN, Tex., May 2.— Charles Beeler,
who is in jail at San Antonio, charged
with the robbing of the Wells-Fargo Ex
press of $60,000 In coin, refuses to employ
an attorney and Bay? he will present his
own case when it comes to trial. He has
asked the court to grant him an immedi
ate trial. He still refuses to divulge the
hiding place of the stolen money.
34
PLANT THEIR FEET
UPON OLD GLORY
Urjcle San) Will Probably Be Called
Upon to LooK flfter Coqsul Mc-
Cook at Dawson.
0 VICTORIA, B. ("'.. May 2.— A late issue of the Dawson Nugget, April 12, #
i$ has a story about United States Consul McCook, which seems hardly ered- i*
p. Ible. but it is given with every appearance of truth, and an editorial in con- v
*_? nectlon with it calls for Consul '.ink's removal. ' 4 »
$ The Nugget says that while the representative of -the United States was g
5 at a dance hall at the Klondike capital he distributed gold nuggets among .•
iS the lady dancers as prizes for high kicking.' and there was quite a hilarious 0
fi time. £
X As the fun waxed more furious the consul's devices to provide humor H
H for the Britishers at the expense of his country became more and more £
»7 laughable, The utmost jollity prevailed, the good humor of the consul being f %
v seemlnglv infectious. Presently he procured an American fla£, and, , after *5
SS ringing it about for a moment, wrapped it around him. and. taking hold of O
# the bar railing and leaning forward conspicuously, called out to the bar- „_
■.*, tender. "Kick me, Pete." , . . , 5
8 Not wishing to disappoint the expectant throng, Pete obliged by planting *•
5 the toe of his brogan gainst Old Glory. A number of those present, including O
6 the women of the tenderloin, also planted their boots on the flag, and the .S
\% consul smiled as each fresh Insult was given to the country he represented Q
C. "Oh. if Uncle Sam would not hesitate in kicking, too," says the Nugget, „•
»• and then follows an appeal for the consul's recall. 0
0 McCook has brought two suits. for libel against the Nugget, one for, JS
8 $5000 damages for ridiculing and another for $20,000 for cartooning him. 0
8 •*
•^o^o^o^c>^<•^^■^<^^•^^<^^^•^•^•:•^•^^'^^'^^'^^'^^*^^ <^^•^''• ,^*•v^<^^•:H^^•
MINERS RUSHING
TO KRAMER CAMP
Special Dispatch to Thp Call.
RANDSBURG. May 2— Not since the
free milling gold strike by Burcham,
Singleton and Moore at what is now
Randsburg, in April, 1895, has there
been such excitement among miners
on the Mojave desert as the news of
gold strikes ten miles southeast of
Kramer has created in the last week.
Indeed, men who have lived out here
among the bold and bleak mountains
if the painted desert say there has not
been such general excitement because
of new ore rinds since the day.s of the
Calico silver discovery, nineteen ears
ago. After unusual secrecy by th*- dis
coverers of the Kramer mines for four
months, information concerning the
richness of the finds leaked out on
April 22, and forthwith the rush for
Kramer began from all of the little
mining camps from hachapi to the
Colorado River. This week the rush is
greater than ever, and before Sunday
it probably will comprise hundreds of
men. Miners on horseback, on foot, on
the Santa Fe Railroad trains and in
wagons are going into the Kramer
camp by scores daily, notwithstanding
the coldest and windiest May weather
known in years. Last night over 400
men slept under blankets amid grease T
wood chaparral on the desolate foot
hills around Kramer and to-night there
will be more there.
For over a year Albert S. Clarke,
Dixon Duncan and Robert Goldsberry
have been drywashing for gold among
the desert foothills in that locality.
They are old soldiers of fortune and
have had twenty-two years' experience
among the Southern California mines.
Last November they found drywashing
ore near Krai that paid them $30
daily. They agreed to keep their suc
cess a strict secret.
While they conducted their dry
washing they prospected for ledges. In
January they found them. No human
being was within ten miles and they
kept their work secret among them
selves. Meanwhile they have been lo
cating twelve claims on the richest ore
and in localities most advantageous to
themselves; and have sunk shaft: and
crosscuts to reveal the formation of
the ore bed. These miners have been
shipping their drywashed gold to San
Francisco from four different Santa Fe
Railroad stations in order to let no one
know what wealth they were digging.
However, when they sent $2200 worth
of gold from Barstow last week the
secret got out and the rush to Kramer
began.
C. A. Burcham, the millionaire miner
of Randsburg, has mining prospectors
locating claims at Kramer. He says
the Kramer camp will be second to
Randsburg. D. A. Douglas, who has
been a mining expert for the De la Mar
Company of I'tah, says the Kramer
gold strike is the more wonderful be
cause of the peculiarity of its ore. No
such gold ore ever was found in Amer
ica before. It is quartzite, porphyry
and quartz proper. It assays all the
way from $I."* to $600. The vein is. twen
ty feet wide, but In some localities Its
width is over thirty feet. The ledge
may be traced for four or five miles.
W. C. "Woodward, who has charge of
the Randsburg Hallway, has seven
claims there. Shafts on two of them
are down twenty feet and the ore runs
from $6 to $20 a ton from the grass
Boots. 11. R. Bacon, who was first on
the camp last week, has seen Dixon
Duncan horn $4 in gold from a pail of
ore from his claim there.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purcbasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers, Brokers, Importers. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
• IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL.''
BELTINO.
LP RFfiFN Manufacturer or Belting find
• ■« UL,,LI1 ' Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis-
►lon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. '
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, ;
U. J BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Fold to Repairs aad Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6046.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPAHT,
£42 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. j
purr null l &r? h /i I
I Br r XII I U I ™ r Special Brew
Valises checked free. j
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
bOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main ISS4. j
*~ COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt.' H. HLYTH. Met.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat |
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 |
Washington St. Telephone, Main 6641. I
DENTISTS.
BD r UJ ncri/CD— Market, rma. «toM. i
lift.- L n UCvnCll Colton sou tor palnieas i
extraction of teeth a specialty.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & .GO. &&s£g&
■ *- *f - _
ST. LUKE'S
NEW RECTOR
REV. D.C.GARRETT of Port
land, Oregon, Who Has
Just Accepted a Call.
HE above picture is an excellent likeness of the Rev. D. C. Garrett,
1 who has accepted the call to St. Luke's. He is a native of Bur-
THE above picture is ai son of AVilliam Garrett, a well-known
who has accepted tl St. Luke's, if- Ive of Bur
i, lowa, at ni Garrett, a well-known citizen
. \ of that Stat Dr. Garrett graduated at Harvard University In 1882.
He was ordained in 1883. For seven years he was rector of Trinity
Church, Davenport, lowa. He then accepted a call from St. Mark's
Church, Seattle, and during hi* incumbency he had the satisfaction of see
ing his parish grow ' an a small congregation to one of 600 communicants.
During the last year of his rectorship a new church was erected to accom
modate the increased attendance. He became rector of Trinity Church,
Portland. Or., on September 1, 1897, and was in active service when he ac
cepted the call from th.- vestry of St. Luke's Church of this city.
Dr. Garrett is already popular with the members of that fashionable
church. He delivered a number of sermons before Its congregation and gave
entire satisfaction.
: , . I
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES, SShsrtSPagt CO. !
HARDWARE-
OALACE Hardware Co, Importers and Deal- !
■ era In hardware. Co:i Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedlev. Progs,.
234 Fremont St. Castincs of Every Da.
scrip tion Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
LIQUORS.
ODDOLD WHISKEY, gal_»a $1.50 ; ewe, $6.00
0. P. 8. PONY, do $2.50: ease $10.00
L. CAHEN ft SON, 418 Sacramento St., 8. F.
PAPER DE ALRRS.
WILLAMFTTF !&p and paper a*.
ItlLLHm_.il,. 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING.
E C HUGHES, ._ Sanson.* «tre*t.
STATIONER AND PRINTER
Tc^. phIc PARTRIDG ££*,
THE HICKS- JL'DD CO.. ggggfeg
:•" 7.7 WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.. i
Kri' _• Agents and Public Weigher*. G
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Oca.
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Mala 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
Tl ri'llV :.-a_l«iuartera for fine Jewelry anil
• LUniflf ,'-k. Wedding Rings. . M st
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the yff-fiy
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MININO CO. at IU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
1* the Beat Coal ln Uie Market.
• Clice sn* l»nU-HM )_UU> fitftcfe .^^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 3, 1899.
WILL CONTROL
THE CANNERIES
OF THE STATE
A New Combination of
Fruit-Packers.
TO MAKE A STEADY MARKET
THREE LARGE CONCERNS ARE
STILL HOLDING OUT.
The Corporation Will Endeavor to
Minimiza the Cost of Production
by Effecting Sweeping
i Changes.
Articles of incorporation were filed yes
terday for the California Packers' Asso-
elation, with a capital of two and a half
million dollars.
The new concern is composed of some
of the largest fruit-packing establish
ments In the State and Its object will be
to control and regulate the prices of
canned fruits. It will also ship goods to
all parts of the world. It is organised on
practically the same lines as the Alaska
Packers' Association, and the members
hep-: to be able to minimize the cost of
preparing fruit for shipment and thus
dictate prices.
Under the plan agreed upon it is prob
able that some factories will be closed
altogether and others which now can
fruits of all kinds will limit their output
to a single variety. For instance, facto
ries In cherry-growing districts are now
canning net only cherries but peaches,
pears and apricots. The fruits not raised
In that particular district must be
shipped to the country* often at great ex
pense. After having been canned they
must be reshipped to the point of distri
bution, which may be in the neighborhood
where they were grown. It is the plan of
the corporation i" save this. double ship
ping bill by treating each variety of
fruit in the. portion of the State where it
grows in largest quantities.
The new concern held a meeting yes
terday afternoon and organized with the
election of the following directors: A. D.
Cutler of the Cutting Fruit Packing Com
pany; M. .1. Fontana of Fontana & Co.;
E. 11. Nielson, California Preserving
Company; I". Tillmann Jr., Oakland Pre
serving Company; J. H. Hunt. Hunt Bros.
& Co.; R. R. Bentley, Sacramento Pack
ing Company; I. H. Morse of Kins. Morse
& Co.; W. H. Wright, San Jose Packing
Company; W. J. Hotvhkiss, Russian Riv
er Packing Company; James Madison, A.
F. Tenny Company; J. Streining, Rose
City Canning Company.
The concerns which have not entered
Into the combination are the Southern
California Packing Company, the Pacific
Cannery Company and the California
Canneries Company.
Baker Contest Withdrawn.
The contest to the will of the late Oliver
'H. Baker was withdrawn in Judge
I Troutt's court yesterday and decedent's
will presented for probate by Christian
Caldwell was admitted. A prior will filed
by Thomas E. Haven and Mary A. O'Bri
en was also withdrawn and the estate will
be quietly settled.
«♦ ■ .
j Vacaville Robber Caught.
Walter Blakeslee, wanted In Vacaville
for robbery, was arrested early this morn
j ing In South San Francisco by Policemen
Hanley and .O'Connell and placed in tha
tanks, to await the arrival of an officer
tai ks. to await the arrival of an officer
to take him to the scene of his crime.
U„ ..-«■■ 7 _<-.■_,_. _r- - ..i,' ___- • ; - -.>
PAID A BIG
SUM FOR THREE
DAYS' FREEDOM
The Charge Against
an Attorney.
STRANGLER SUSPECT TALKS
GRAND JURY WILL BE ASKED
TO INVESTIGATE.
Harry Wilson, the Negro, Sentenced
to Eighteen .Months in the
County Jail for Petty
Larceny.
Harry Wilson, the suspected strangler.
who jumped his bonds and was captured
at Santa Cruz, was taken before Judge
Graham yesterday morning to be tried
on the three charges of petty larceny
booked against him. Detectives Ed Gib
son. Wren and McMahon' had In readiness
the three women to testify against him
and others who would have corroborated
their statements, as some of them had
also been victims in the same* way. Wil
son did not put them to the trouble of
testifying, as he pleaded guilty to each
charge, although declaring he was not
guilty on one.
The Judge at once sentenced him to six
months in the County Jail on each charge,
making eighteen months altogether. Af
ter receiving his sentence he asked per
mission to speak to the Judge. He told
the Judge that he was not so bad as he
had been painted and was not cognizant
of the serious crimes which suspicion had
pointed at him. He then said that he had
given Attorney .1. N. E. Wilson $300 to get
him out of th*- City Prison and the attor
ney had told him that the case would be
squared and he need not make his appear
ance in court. He did not know anything
about the bondsmen; all he cared for was
to get his liberty, and he was willing to
pay the $300 for it.
Before court opened yesterday morning
Attorney Wilson made a request at the
chiefs office to see the negro, but was
told that he did not want to see him.
Captain Seymour was persuaded to go
with Attorney Wilson to the prison, and
tin- negro was called out. The negro was
sullen and flatly accused the attorney of
getting the $300 in three $100 hills to get
him out and have the case squared.
Attorney Wilson denied that he got a
cent from the negro, and angrily said:
"Did I not tell you to be in court the next
morning?"
The negro retorted: "No, you did not.
You told me to get out of the city, as the
police expected a Spanish woman from
Panama who would make a serious
charge against me, and I told you that
I did not know anything about a Spanish
woman."
Attorney Wilson again mad.- denial of
getting the money, ami said all he got
was an order on the property clerk for $23
which was in Wilson's pockets when ar
rested.
"Well." said the negro, "it is a negro s
word against a white man's; that's all."
Tie- negro repeated the same story to
Chief Bees and hinted that he had wit
nesses who would prove that he was
right The Chief will lay the matter be
fore the Grand Jury, so that the whole
nauseous business can be probed to the
bottom. __________________
WILL BUILD A NEW
HOME OF VAUDEVILLE
ED FISCHER TO ERECT A HAND-
SOME THEATER.
The Proprietor of the Oberon Is
About to Engage in an Ambi
tious Amusement Venture.
Two hundred thousand dollars Is about
to be Invested in the construction of a
new theater In San Francisco. The pro
moter of the enterprise is Ed Fischer,
proprietor of the Oberon, and the location
chosen for the new playhouse is on O'Far
rell street, adjoining the Alcazar.
For some time contractors have been
at work on the premises. A large three
story building was removed and excava
tion has been made for a basement. The
plans were submitted to contractors yes
terday by the architects, and their esti
mates will i"- finished to-day. Fischer
will push the work with all possible
speed, and by October the doors will be
thrown open to the public.
Vaudeville will till the bills.
For this class of theatricals the plans
will differ somewhat from other specialty
showhouses. There will be three galleries
and a graduated scale of admission prices.
The pit, however, will be built on the or
dinary plan. In general appearance it
will resemble the Tivoli. only its seating
capacity will be much greater. The speci
fications call for a building of 50 feet
frontage and 137:6 feet deep. The cost will
be great, but Fischer says he expects to
realize handsomely on this investment.
Reception to the Twenty-fourth.
A reception will be tendered to the
Twenty-fourth United States Infantry. by
the members and families of the Starr
King A. M. E. Zion Church. 805 Stockton
street, near Clay, this evening at 7:30
o'clock. Addresses will be delivered by
Sergeant Major John R. Green of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, Sergeant A. J.
Franklin of the Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Company E; Sergeant Henry Bate! of
Company L, Twenty-fourth Infantry:
Corporal Powell of the Twenty-fourth In
fantry, Company E. The celebrated band
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry will be in
attendance and will furnish the music
of the evening. Representative gentlemen
of the race will deliver addresses also.
The public is cordially invited.
Poker Players Dismissed.
Judge Groezinger yesterday discharged
R. O. Thurman. D. Stevens and W. ,F.
Brown, who were arrested on April 30 for
violating section 830 of the Penal Code.
The men admitted playing poker for
money and also to taking out a percent
age, which they asserted was need In buy
ing drinks. In dismissing them, Judge
Groezinger reprimanded the keeper and
the players for participating In the game.
AD V ERTI SE ME
I^%*)%A/*A^l%%**>%A***%*+*****+*A>**%>%^A
5 If YOU WANT "THE ONI,Y^ t
i GENUINE HUNYADI WATER, t
J Insist Upon Receiving <*
Hunyadi J£nos j
5 MATI'RAL APERIENT WATER, 0
5 the only water which comes from the Hunyadi Springs J
r of Hungary, owned by ■■;.■ 5
| ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, *
5. Budapest. J
1 &*V*_***N*4^
GAS BILLS ARE
RENDERED AT
SAME OLD RATE
Issue Has Not,, as Yet,
Been Forced.
$1 75 IS STILL THE CHARGE
CONSUMERS DO NOT PROFIT BY
RECENT LEGISLATION.
Officials of the Gas Company Affirm
That They Will Never Agree
to the $1 10
Rate.
The hills of the Ran Francisco Gas and
Electric Company for April are due and
will be presented to consumers as rapid
ly as the clerical force of the corporation
can handle them. The rate for which they
will be rendered is Jl 77 per thousand cu
bic feet, the same charge that has been
made for years.
According to Mayor Phelan the com
pany is not entitled to that rate for its
products, as on the 3d of last month the
Supervisors fixed $1 10 as the rate to be
charged the householders. The board re-.
scinded, or endeavored to rescind, this
action afterward, hut his Honor the May
or holds the law does not countenance
such action and that the $1 10 rate must
stand for one year. He takes this posi
tion on a section of the consolidation act,
which provides that rat can be fixed but
once a year. Having acted in the matter
once the board cannot review Its work.
Up to th*- present time no one has ap
peared on the scene ready to force the
issue .-.mi determine the rights of the peo
ple and of the gas company in the prem
ises. The officials of tin company affirm
they have not decided upon the course
they will pursue, but are awaiting the
advice of their attorneys as to the law
bearing on the case, it is thought some
thing may develop at any time that will
take the case Into the courts for them to
pass upon.
Attorney William Rix, who is one of the
legal advisers of the company, in discuss
ing the situation yesterday said: "The
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
will never agree to accept the rat of
$1 10 per thousand cubic feet. This is
not fair compensation for the service sup
plied. We have two points upon which
to base our fight. First. that the Supervis
ors have no right to fix rates and sec
ond, that if they have the right they have
rescinded their action naming $1 10 as the
amount to be charged. We believe the
latter contention will hold in law. hence
no rate has been fixed by the present
Board of Supervisors and th.- old rate
obtains. The company will not do any
thing wrong, illegal or unjust."
President Crockett said ■ the bills for
April an- being made out at the old rate
and that up to th*- present time no one
was objecting very hard. "They know
the company is here and is responsible."
he said, "and whatever rate is finally de
termined upon as th.- legal one the con
sumers will lose nothing. We await our
attorneys' advice in the matter before we
take any steps. They are going thorough
ly int.. the law of th.- case and our direc
tors will be governed by their advice."
.Mr. Crockett Would not discuss the re
duction in price of gas in New Fork on
Monday from $1 10 per thousand cubic
feet to"f*s cents." "1 do not know what the
conditions are In New York." said Mr.
Crockett. "It seems to be a tight between
the different companies and the price
asked for seems to have no relation to
th.- cost of production. It could not prop
erly he hold to he a parallel case to that
in this city."
As the matter stands the rate as fixed
by the Supervisors is $1 l" and this is the
only 'pal charge which th*- company can
make.
■-.' 7 '■ . :■ ■:■ ■ r ,-', -.■■;■ ■ ~
ANTIOCH GUN CLUBS
ARE GETTING READY
SEVENTH TOURNAMENT OF THE
TARGET ASSOCIATION.
Men From All Parts of the State Will
Meet in Competition at the An
nual Festival.
Trap shooting is now one of the lead
ing outdoor sporting features which has
numerous supporters in all parts of the
State. ■ -b
Four years ago a few enthusiastic
sportsmen in different parts of th.- coun
try, desiring to develop the trap shoot
ing skill of individuals and to promote
acquaintance and good fellowship among
sportsmen, met and organized the Cali
fornia Inanimate Target Association. Un
der its auspices six successful trap shoot
ing tournaments have been held at San
Francisco, Stockton, Alameda. San Jose
and Monterey. Now the seventh tourna
ment, which promises to eclipse in every
particular all previous tournaments, will
be held at Antloch on the 29th and 30th of
this month.
The programme of individual events
will provide for five twenty-bird races
each day. Class shooting is to prevail
and a trophy is to be provided as the
first-class prize in every event and the
prize money will be divided between the
successful competitors in the four classes.
Heretofore it has been the custom where
four moneys were given to allow 40 per
cent to the first class, '■'■<) per cent to sec
ond class, 20 per cent to third class and
.10 per cent to fourth class. But this year
the old way of doing business— that is. in
segregating tin- money In prizes— ls to be
reversed, so that 10 per cent will go to
the first class, 20 to the second class. 30
to the third class and 40 to the fourth
class. Th.- philosophy of this division is
t.i place the greatest amount of money
where there will be th.- greatest number
of men to share its division.
The trophies to be shot for this year are
very valuable and handsome. The Roos
"three-man team" trophy will be con
tested for at Antloch for the third time,
and this promises to be one of the hotest
races of the tournament. A new trophy
will ,be provided for the "six-man teams'*
and th*- usual cash prises will be given
for high averages. Decorations will also
be provided for the best two averages be
tween SO and 90 per cent, three for the
best three averages between 70 and 80 per
cent and four for the best four averages
"' ADVERTISEMENTS. ___ '
MUNYON'S INHALER. .
1 NYON § INH_AI i/K.x
Relieves Colds, Opens Up All the Air Passages In-
stantly, Cures Catarrh, Sore Throat, Bron-
chitis and All Lung Diseases.
COME AND SEE IT.
COME AND TRY IT.
Free Demonstrations This Week and Next at the Following Drug
Stores :
The Owl Drug Co., |No Percentage DrugCo.^
Broadway and 10th St., Oakland. DRUGGISTS,
1128 Market St., San Francisco. 949-951 Market St., next to Hale Bros.
320 South Spring St„ Los Angeles.
S. A. McDonnell's G. Leipnitz & Co.,
PHARMACY, Druggists. Deutsche Apotheke,
Drugs, Wholesale and Retail, 250-252 Sutter St., cor. Grant Aye., S. r.
106, 108 and 110 Grant Aye., S, F.. Cal.
Edwin W. Joy, Geo. bender & Co.,
Druggist and Analytical Chemist. DRUGGISTS,
Cor. California & Kearny Sis.. S. F., 214 Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
Suc:essortoL. R. Ellert.
H. G. Gerdes, Ferry Drug Co.,
Cor, Pine and Kearny Sts., S. F. 8 Market St., San Francisco.
CURES BY
INHALATION.
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled
through tin- mouth and emitted from the
nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the
Inflamed and diseased parts, which can
not he reached by medicine taken into
tVie "stomach.
It permeates every air passage.
And at once destroys the disease germs.
It cures through medicated and vitalized
air.
It is an invigorating tonic to the vital
forces.
A remedy which soothes, heals and in
vigorates.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases
of the nasal organs.
It positively cures diseases of the throat
and lungs.
It enables you to cure yourself at home.
It renders unnecessary any cutting,
burning or cauterizing.
It destroys at once the bacilli of bron
chitis and consumption.
Its use is followed immediately by a
.-.-use of relief. '
It enables you to save doctors' big fees.
under 70 per cent. The side pools, which
were so popular at Monterey and Ingle
side, will also be a feature of the tourna
ment. No person connected with the
trade or shooting a gun or powder for
hire will be allowed to participate with
team races. This is an excellent rule
which should have been adopted when the
association was organized. Under the
new system prizes will he ready for pay
ment to winners Immediately after each
event. The next business meeting of the
association will In- held in this city on
May 20, after which The Call will give
full particulars concerning the final ar
rangements for the tournament.
The following communication from the
Antioch Gun Club is self-explanatory:
ANTIOCH, Cal.. April 25, 1599.
Sporting Editor The Call: l>.-ar Sir—
coming Tournament of the California
Inanimate. Target Association will soon
be upon us. and we particularly desire
that every gun club in the State should unite j
with the association anil participate in this .
tournament. !
Through the exertions- of the Antioch Gun
Club our town has been' favored a? the place
for holding the Seventh Tournament.
Respectfully yours,
LEE DURHAM.
Secretary Antioch Gun Club.
McGLADE IS ON TRIAL.
His Counsel Making a Technical
Fight for His Liberty.
The trial of Peter McGlade, ex-hook
keeper of the Street Superintendent's of
fice, charged with forging demands on the
treasury, opened before Judge Cook yes
terday morning. McGlade was put on trial
for the specific crime charged to him of
forging a warrant for $96. purporting to
be the demand of one H. Swords for labor
performed on behalf of the city. Ex-Su
perintendent of Streets Ambrose was put
upon the stand and testified that McGlade
was employed in his oilice at the time the
alleged crimes were committed Swords
then took the stand and said that at the
time of the forgery of the warrant he
was not employed by the city, consequent
ly could make no demand on the city. At
this point the prosecution endeavored to
introduce the forged . document in evi
dence, and here the technical fight began.
Patrick Red. ly objected to the introduc
tion of the document on various grounds,
and in order to argue the points raised
the Jury was dismissed until this morn
ing, at which time Judge Cook will rule
on the merits of the points raised.
Polite attendants will be on duty all day
and evening to answer questions and dem
onstrate its value. Everybody invited to
give this inhaler a free trial. No trouble to
show. You are welcome to a treatment
whether you purchase or not.
All druggists sell them, or mailed to
any address for $1.
MUNYON'S
REMEDIES.
Sciatica. lumbago and all rheumatic
pains cured by Munyon's Rheumatism
Cure. Dyspepsia and all stomach troubles
cured by Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure. Nine
ty per cent of all kidney complaints cured
by Munyon's Kidney Cure. Headaches,
colds and coughs, impure blood, general
debility, nervousness, all quickly cured by
Munyon's Remedies. The remedies cost
mostly. 2sc a vial, and are sold by all drug
gists. There are 57 different cures for 57
different ailments.
Write Prof. Munyon. 1505 Arch street,
Philadelphia, for free medical advice or*
any disease.
In the Divorce Court.
Lizzie Corinne Bechl was granted a di
vorce from G. H. .Becht yesterday by
Judge Hebbard on the ground of infi
delity. Mrs. Becht was awarded the cus
tody of her minor children.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Julie
Rallet against Louis J. Ballet, for deser-i
tion; Louise P. Osborn against* F. A. Os-^"
born for desertion; Eleanor Smith against
William H. Smith for failure to provide,
and John C. Hayes against Lizzie Hayes
for desertion.
WEAK MEN, ■
WEAK WOMEN,
Read This:
Many men and women to-day are wrecks,
without confidence in themselves—
vigor, snap or capability.
VITALISM
Gives wonderful, quick and sure re*»
suits. There is satisfaction in it. Elec-
tricity only relieves temporarily; drugs
only irritate. Vitalism cures! Send or
call to-day for lectures and symptom
blanks, which you can fill out and get
advice by mail without charge. Send ,
or call at once; it costs you nothing.
DR. ROUXEL,
935 Market Street. " -..-•
Hours— l 2 to 4 and 7toBp. m.
- \ : '■FAMILY-IN-LAW
THE CAUSE OF
DINMORE'S WOE
Sues Legal Relatives
for Damages.
THEY TOOK AWAY HIS WIFE
b. CHARGE OF MALICIOUS FALSI
FYING MADE.
Following- on the Heels of a Divorce
Suit Comes the Action That
Will Lead to Interesting
Revelations.
Suit has been filed by Walter R; Din
more against the parents of his wife. Mr.
und Mrs. William A. Lewis; his sister-in
law, Edith M. Lewis, and his brother-in
law. J. Hall Lewis, to recover <_.".*"».<»• dam
ages on account of Injury to his business*
and peace of mind through alleged mali
cious iniluenco the defendants exerted
over the plaintiffs wife. Nannie 1.. Din
more. Other suits for damages for the
alienation of the wife's affections, it is
said, will soon be filed; ami the family
troubles of the Dlnmores will be thor
oughly aired in tin- courts. Up to a few
months ago Mr. and Mrs. Dlnmore lived
happily in a pretty home at 2117 Webster
street. A few mouths ago society was set
a-gossiping when Mrs. Dlnmore filed suit
lor divorce, alleging cruelty as a cause of
complaint. The cruelty alleged in the
complaint resulted solely in mental suf
fering; it was set forth, through Mi. 1 »in
more's dislike for his f;:inily-in-l<iw and
habit <*f ordering relatives nut nf the
house.
In tho complaint tiled yesterday Mr.
Dlnmore sots forth that a shnrt time ago
lie was called East on business. While in
the East his family-ln-law Invaded his
home and when lie returned they had
taken his wife from him to their home in
Petalumai They poisoned his wife's mind
against him. Mr. Dinmore alleges, through
false and malicious stories and thereby
robbed lum of the comfort of his family
and w recked his home.
_\lr. Dinmore's wrath is specially great
again.-: his brother and sister-in-law. for
it is through their influence, he contends,
that he lost his wife. As for his wife he
has naught but sympathy, though he
keenly feels the publicity of the family
troubles occasioned by the filing of the
.- :: f : divorce. The tiling of the suit for
damagi s will open tho door of investtga
tlon; and if Mr. Dinmore is wrong in his
opinions lie will sunn find the cause that
1* d to his wife's estrangement.
AT THE THEATERS.
Miss Burkhart's performance of "My
Aunt's Advice" at the Orpheum was
reviewed in yesterday's Call.
The best of the newcomers are the
Sisters Hawthorne^ who do two com-
tnonplace music hall ditties with change
61 ■ stume and then prise their au
ditor? by appearing in Japanese ki
monos and singing "The Willow Pat
tern Plate" to a scenic accompaniment
that carries out most artistically the
willow pattern idea. They sing the
eong with a harming archness, and
the scenery is really novel and beauti
ful. Three plump, sturdy girls and one
lively thin one by the name of the Nel
son Sisters do some acrobatic work
that the tougher sex rrfight be proud
to do. and the Valderes have a graceful
unci difficult bicycle act. Altogether
the show is much more ' »rpheum-llke
than last week, when It was saved from
absolute mediocrity only by Miss Burk
hart.
* * •
The Southwell company's "El Capl
tan" has caught the crowd with a ven
geance at the Grand. Everybody who
has witnessed a performance by
this company will he glad to learn
that prosperity is at last attend
ing its excellent efforts; everybody
who has not should fall in line for one
of the best comic opera productions
ever given in San Francisco. The
"palcn" boxes have been taken away
and replaced by regular seats, and ex
tra seats have hern placed downstairs,
to increase the capacity of the house.
Mr. Persse introduces Suppe's song,
"My Native Land," with enthusiastic
effect, and the bit; "Stars and Stripes
Forever" finale of the second act, which
would be an event in any circumstance,
is simply spellbinding to the crowd
these Dewey lays.
* * »
At Jhe Tivoli it is the same old
"GeisHa" story. The house was peopled i
to the last notch last night. The piece
Is one of the best musical comedies ever
written — it grows on you — and the pres
ent cast Is the best he Tivoli has given I
to it.
* ' •
Nearly all the show houses are doiner |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
—
2a_3raaasEßOHan_aEEHß_asa_aaEßSHHHHßßE_si3Sß
STOP THAT WEAKNESS!
Debility, Kidney Weakness and Stomach Weakness will drag down the life. Many a
career has been cut short by vital losses and the errors of youth. How to cure the disease and
wipe it clean out of the system is the point. ELECTRICITY will do it This is the modern
remedy that cures, though other means fail.
#b^lffev N ,i^^% Dr. Sanden's
■^f^-^^^-SSbS 1 I -Hast ir-'* ____ •
bpfi^§i# u.^ |§§ Electric
w. f? srw Beit
-y -'- -^tevk A '
/ '^7 '"^S^S_«p»- 7 Completely cures and carries a man
,- /^ ' r- -^^^yS '1; v.*. _. on to ranfl old age! What a world
i/iK . "* y\\> yj\y&££f /'sh^ "' beaut . v ' there is in a life of health:
t^cNt^»N_. /-*~tyJt£ jmS||^> How bri Sht everything is to a well
<r ''" Vy -'"/y^'-^..-, y'~y?\ \^> -^^^^MWl^f^l&SSßt^^'''^^ and vi g° rous man " woman! Are
/"- '- f\yf*~~*^.f:ff>! ffs'\ " v \1 '^%s/'//ffl,Wkii l 'vteSlßrnVx yb/fc^ you suffering from nerve loss? Why
/ Hnillii-W^^ X court death by neglecting that weak-
/ W/,r~ ■f%\f' \ ''//////y^'^ii\^^/fl/j'' ness which is consuming your vital-
/ 'ff 1 ' h I y/yyy*' i^Ti^yy > jt ? Get electricity into your sys-
I A ' , tv, ,;-. '/il(/^y$^/(/ '' tern and >' our spark of life shall blaze
fr,\\\ i ,\> /// 'iL^'f^^x ' oul '" n "P*'- vl S° r and courage. See
A \\\ N '-J' tf 'Jy yf&' , what this Belt has done for this man
l\b"V^\ ' y^*" and woman.
. »'\ \^;\ SIT,
A WOMAN'S CHEERING WORDS. j IS A THOUSAND TIMES STRONGER.
REDWOOD CITY. Cal., March 16, MM. w.tcovviiti. r. * 4r,,n <i «_
Dear Sir-I hope you will pardon mv nefsltcence in not writing ; \V ATSON\ IDLE. Cal.. April 11, 1899.
since I purchase*! your Belt. The Melt liap helped me wonderfully.. Pear Sir— Ha vine: worn your Belt for two months. lam Kind to
I have been able to work rifcht along, even during my period thlsi say t jj at it has dDne all you claimed it would. It lias cured mv
month, having but a Flight backache and little or no patav^The weaknesB ent | r ely, and f feel a thousand times stronger than before.
I* "r^s"e lp ea I rt.ll b- |tad t. recommend  to any one suffering tron,^,
idj that I shall continue to uae lt Beapectfully of any ...nd. Very truly youw. J. J. Dios.
EMELTE M KI7LTING. 1
DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., c._. *_, ... „ B ~r
«_/*»« *-,-.. m^r . wo TEST ITS POWER, OR
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN, Manager, SEND FO r my free book.
7^02 Market cop. Kearny, San Francisco, and cor. Spring and TO man or woman.
Second, Los Angeles
well. The Alcazar has struck a winner
in "Captain Swift," with Ernest Hast
ings in the title role. "In Mizzoura" is
talked of to follow— the best play of
local color ever written in this country.
» • »
The Chutes prom! .es an event for
Saturday night, when the minstrel
sailors of the lowa will Rive the first
wide-open production of their "greatest
show on water." The Emersons. Prim
roses and Dockstadters of the lowa
need pew costumes hence this per
formance, which is in the nature of a
benefit In the meantime the manage
ment offer a hundred tempters— a ven
triloquist with nine voices, a tenor with
one, amateur cake walk Thursday
night at 10 o'clock and the embalmed
remains of Sally at all hours.
* * *
Rumor on the Rialto has it that S. H.
Friedlander has secured the Califor
nia Theater for a term of years and
Will reopen it at an early date with
"The Turtle," a notorious farce from
the French that has raised quite a row
in New York this season.
» * »
The following excellent names are of
th.- cast of "On and Off." the farce that
Charles Frohman sends to the Colum
bia Monday night: E. M. Holland,
Fritz Williams. Samuel Reed, Ralph
Delmore, James Kearney, .lames Wil
son. Essie Tittle, Maggie Holloway
•* %%%% %Z* <-• *. '. '. *. 88 88 \6*7* .*
LOCAL SPORTS ARE
TOUCHED FOR A SACK
I WILL buy and sell horses, bet
on the races— horse races and
dogs but If any one ever finds
me losing sleep or money on a
two-legged animal without feath
ers who says he is a sprinter, why,
you can bottle up my soul and send it
to the devil, expressage paid"'
So sighed John Delaney, all-round
sport nd driver of fast horses. For
--*-"-' »' AMD OTHtRtI AT
THtTOWts CLOCtV
j PREPARED TO CARR.T .
I WEALTH AY/Ay «» ' ' V<
the Inst work the friends of Delaney
who congregate at th*-- Nevada stables
have been wondering why the milk of
human kindness has departed from
the breast of this thoroughbred sport.
A footrace at Pleasanton last week
is the cause of it all, for Delaney and
his friends went there laden with
pouches of sold and wallets stuffs!
■with bills. They camp back with the
pouches and the wallets.
A few weeks ago a wise man ap-
proached Delaney and whispered in
his right ear something about a
chance to make big money without
losing any flesh. Delaney winked
both eyes and listened with both ears.
It was too good, so he told his friends
about his prospective good fortune.
The friends begged and wheedled
Delaney until the latter allowed them
to contribute toward the sack which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
Fisher, Anita Rother, May Lambert,
.May Gallyer and Louise Douglas.
The features of the new bill at the
Olympia are the Browning sisters,
Querita Vincent, Agnes Castro and
Kitty Mitchell.
THOSE SEIZED CIGARS.
Holders Will Be Let Off as Lightly
as May Be Consistent With
the Good of the Service.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
has notified Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch that it being apparent that the
holders of cigars stamped with the coun
terfeit revenue stamps, with which the
country was flooded by an enterprising
firm in Pennsylvania, were innocent of
wrong intent, they will he dealt with ns
lightly as may ho consistent with the
good of the service, the t.olleetor havinc:
requested that such a course be pursued.
The cigars will ho returned to the persons
from whom they were taken, on the pay
ment by them of the sum necessary to
replace th*- counterfeit stamps with good
ones, and of a nominal fine, presumably
for. the purpose of sharpening their eye
sight.
Bight thousand cigars with counterfeit
stamps were seized last Monday in
Fresno, and the Deputy Collectors all
over the State are making a strict search
for more.
was to be placed on the fastest
sprinter that over put on the spikes.
Tho wise man had programmed the
affair to a nicety. He had persuaded
a number of Stockton men that they
might have money to sell If they
would make a match with their favor
ite sprinter, whose nnm de guerre is
Gibson. All that was required of
them was their presence in Pleasan
ton on the day fixed with pouches
and wallets.
The sprinter who was to win the
boodle for the local sports was
brought to this city, and he did mar
velous work at the Olympic Club
track. The local contingent couldn't
lose. They left on Tuesday night for
the scene of pedal strife. On the train
the sprinter and the rest made things
lively for a while, until he of the
spikes found it necessary to go into
another car, as the smoke was crawl
ing down his lungs and he feared for
his wind. This was a good sign of
earnestness, and the San Francisco
contingent admired the honesty of
their principal.
At Pleasanton the Stockton crowd
met the local force and gave them
assistance in deporting the empty
pouches which the latter had brought
to pack off the money of the former.
The race was run on Friday morning,
and it was as pretty a race as any
sportsman could hope for. The bet
ting was brisk, the local band having
brought about $2000 to the track. Mc-
Henery held the stakes and Fred
Vetter was a judge. The San Fran
cisco idol took the lend In the first
ten yards: then the Stockton wonder
forged ahead and set the pace. About
the sixth second. San Francisco was
in the lead again and country money
was on its way to the metropolis.
Just then something happened which
Delaney docs not care to describe.
Stockton won by an inch.
The sprinters did not stop running
when they finished their ; 100-yard
course. The San Francisco man kept
moving right along until he reached
a buggy, which moved him further
along and out of the way of a great
wrath. The Stockton people became
suddenly jubilant and the San Fran
cisco contingent began looking for
rifles. But their spike wonder was a
hummer, and he ran the race of his
life, It would have been his last had
they caught him, which they did not.
Let no man ask John Delaney if he
has pouches for sale.
BULLMAN GETS
ANOTHER FALL
ON THE TRACK
This Time While Rid
ing Cromwell.
i _
HORSE BLED AND COLLAPSED
! I DON'T KNOW FINALLY
EARNED BRACKETS.
I
I -
| Cheap Card and Light Attendance at
Oakland — Three Favorites Fin
ished First — Out
sprinted His Field.
i
| Bullman. the popular local rider, re-
I ceived another severe fall at Oakland
! track yesterday. While piloting Cromwell
! In the seven-furlong event, fifth on the
I card, the chestnut horse became afflicted
i with his old habit of bleeding and fell on
j the back stretch, near the flve furlong
j pole. The Cambridge stable representa
tive ruled second choice in the hotting
1 and Bullman had set out to make the
running. Suddenly his mount was Been
to falter and fall back, then fall. Bull
man was at first supposed to be badly In
jured, but an examination developed the
fact that he had escaped with some
bruises and a shaking up.
The programme was not an enticing one,
attracting a small crowd. Three favorites
were bowled over.
A big field of seventeen platers started
in the first event, a five furlong scramble.
Bill Dingley, the Montana rider, had the
mount on i Don't Know, against which
sprinter 12 to 1 was laid, and In a fierce
drive with Madrone earned the verdict
by a nose. The favorite. Polka, showed
no speed whatever.
The chestnut colt Roy Hooker ruled a
pronounced favorite in the betting
on the six furlong spin that followed, but
was outfooted from the start. Holme;,
kept Limewater in the lead until the wire
was neared, when he was passed and led
out by Bullman, astride Jennie Reid,
against which 4 to 1 was laid.
A band of cheap ones lined up in the
mile selling run. Fnrtis. the mount of
Bullman, had a slight call over Soraia In
the betting, and coming on from fifth po
sition in the stretch won cleverly from
the 200 to 1 shot, Flacon.
Indifferently handled by Jenkins, Plan,
the 6 to 7. choice for the mile and a six
teenth run, never looked dangerous. The
Fretter made all the running and won
cleverly from Whaleback. a 10 to 1 out
sider. Tempo finished third.
Rosinante took the seven furlong affair
after a hard drive with Tony I.icalzi.
Coffey's mare was a 3 to 5 favorite, and.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, May 2, 1899.— Eighty-fifth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHT, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
|^-|/-»fr FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $300..
IUOUi
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. I
Vim.
Vim.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
1058 I Don't Know, *••■ '-2 " ... 3 '» 2h ... Ins [Dingley 6 8
1042 Madrone. a 122 3 ... 2 74 3 4 ... 2 Hi Clover 6 15
lMfi Defender, 5 122 2 ... 1'» 1 2V» ... 3 2 Basslnger .... 6 6
1052 Royal Fan, 3 105 '« ... 4 h 4 2 ... 4 2 Coburn 10 20
1012 Oahu. 4 117 9 ... "1 6 h ... 5 1 Penny 20 50
107,2 Correct, 3 107 6 ... "l 7 1 ... 6 4 Bullman 5 7-2
1055 Polka, -;* 107 7 ... 91 92 ... 7Vi Jenkins 7-5 5-2
992 81ml, 3 110 10 ... 6li SI ... 8 1 Ruiz 10 20
1047 Uncle True, 4 119 11 ... 15 10 ... I*2 ; Hahn 10 20
924 Sea Spray, 6 11^12 ... 5h 5Vi ... 10 O. Wilson 15 40
1047 Spry I.ark, 6 120 4 ... 10 11 ... 11 F. Bennett.... 60 100
714 Gilt Edge, 3 108 13 ... 13 12 ... 12 Macklln 6 10
1052 Anchored, 3 11" 14 ... 12 13 ... 13 Holmes 10 15
973 Cold Fin, 3 110 1 ... 11 14 ... 14 Robertson ... 100 200
1015 Crawford, a 122|15 ... 14 15 ... 15 Ames j 10 25
1035 Little TC. 4 117,16 ... 16 16 ... 16 J. Russell .... 20 50
653 Judge apt on, 4....119) * .._. W. Narvaez.. 20 40
•I^?ft.
Time Vi, :13; "i, :37'i; "■', 1:03. Winner, G. Demming's b. g. by Villard-Lucy. Good
start. Won first three driving.
Judge caught winner In a "whisker" finish. Chances of Defender hurt in false break-
aways. Polka dry as a chip, and no spe*l. Anchored has trained off.
6
6
6
10
20
5
7-5
10
10
15
60
6
10
100
10
20
20
8
15
6
20
50
7-2
5-2
20
20
40
100
10
15
200
25
50
40
I t\f* SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; .selling, three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight. St.
Vim.
V»m.
"im.
Str.
1044 Jennie Reid 104 2
1053 Limewater 110! 1
(9fiS) Rev Hooker 11" 4
1044 Wing 102 3
1"31 Sir Crian 104 5
1019 Oralbee 104. 6
1040 Pompino 104 7
1052 Kootenai 1051 *
3 1
1 IVi
2 h
• ' Vi
4 h
65
4 IVi
1 1
3 Vi
fi 4
5 1
2 h
2 IV*
1 1
3 2
6 4
5 Vi
7
4 '-2
1 1 IBullman 2 4
2Vi Holmes 3 11-5
3 4 Jenkins 8-5 7-5
4 2 J. Relff 6 8
5 4 (Ruiz 10 15
6 3 Postel 60 150
7 W. See 15 30
I Ames 20 25
•Left.
Time I ,', :25; Vi. :50: "'. 1:16. Winner, R. Hughes' b. f. by El Rio Rey-Fonsetta. Good
start except' Kootenai. Won first three driving.
Jennie Reld received best ride. Jenkins does not do so well on favorites of late. Wing
bled again. Sir Urlan carefully handled. Pomplno had speed.
Scratched— R 102. Glengaber 107.
tf\£±'7 THIRD RACE — One mile; selling; maiden three-year-olds and
IUDi. $350.
upward; purse.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
Vim.
Vim.
?im
Str.
Fin.
f Jockeys.
'Bullman
King
I Wilson
ißoullier
Glover
Ruiz
(Jenkins
McNichols ...
Macklln
Snider
Hahn
Steward I
Holmes
[Robertson ....I
|Ames
Pnlo
I*4o Fort's, 3 108 5
1058 Flacon, 4 117 9
in".-, Benroe, 4 119; 2
977 Catastrophe, 5 12*112
1064 Henry <*, 4 127 1
1052 Somls, 3 108 8
'..'.•J Alhaja. 3 10« 1"
1040 Hannah Reld, 3 106111
1060 Florence Fink. 3....1051 6
1060 Ed Lanigan, 3 11l 4
1011 The Plunger, 4 US 13
992 Pallucus, 3 Ill|l4
994 Solstice. 3 106 7
992 Earl Islington, 3. ...113; 3
1037 Stone L. 3..... 108115
890 Ora Copa, 3 109 1 16
10 Vi
11 1
1 '2
4 Vi
* li
3 Vi
9 h
8 Vi
12
6 1
2 1
13
7 Vi
14
17,
16
6 1
s U
i IVi
3 Vi
4 M
12
7 h
11
10
9 1
2 h
14
1".
13
5 Vi
16
5 1
2 Vi
1 Vi
3 4
4 Vi
5 1
9 1
10
12
11
7 Vi
13
14
15
6 h
16
:::
...
1 3
2 2
3 1
4 1
53
6 '2
7 Vi
8 1
9
10
11
12
13
14
17,
16
3
100
6
6
3
1"
5
8
4
25
12
6
10
30
30
3
200
12
20
6.
7-2
20
8
15
8
40
20
17,
40
100
150
oie j
Time— Vi. :25'i; Vi, :50Vi: "i, 1:17*6; mile. 1:44. Winner, J. H. Shields* br. g. by imp. For-
tisslmo-Philura. Good start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Winner probably best of a poor assortment.
Scratched Carroll Cook 98. •
H""fc£»o FOURTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling: three-year-olds and up-
I*L"""0O« ward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
;. Std. Vim.
Mm. . "im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
952 The Fretter. 3 96 1
1037 Whalehack. 3 96 2
1056 Tempo. 4 112 4
1053 Grady, fi "fi 6
102fi Plan. 4 1091 5
912 Twinkle Twink, 5. .111] 3
967 Byron Cross. 4 109 7
1053 Hohenzollern, 5 ....llfi; 8
1 IVi
3 hi
2 h
4 Vi
5 Vi
6 h
8
7 1
1 1
6 5
3 h
2 m
4 h
7 4
8
5 Vi
1 1
3 Vi
5 2
2 1
4 Vi
7 2
' 8 "
6 10
1 3
4 IVi
5 5
2 3
3 h
7 h
8
6 3
1 4
3 2
4 3
2 '4
5 6
6 3
8 -
7 2
1 1 „
1 2 McNichols ...I 3 11.5
2 3 J. Relff I 7 10
3 h Bullman | 5 7
4 6 Cole ; I 7 9
6 2 Jenkins I 6-5 6-5
6 6 Hahn | 40 10.)
7 3 W. Narvaez.. 100 150
8 Snider | 12 15
Time— 1-16, :07V'; 5-16, :32; 9-16. :57: 13-16, 1:23',; mile. 1.:43 Vi; 1 l-16m. 1:50. Winner. F.
,T. O'Rourke's eh. c. by Imp. Brutus-Nerva. Good start. Won first three driving.
The Fret was not worried much at the end. Whalehack ran kindly. Grady sulked.
Plan could or could not. Guess it. Hohenzollern sulked again.
Scratched— Earl Cochran 118, Judge Wofford 93. " * tftf
|/-|^»«rv FIFTH RACE— furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $4*o.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
1043 Roslnante. 5 105! 3
1057 Tony Llcalzl, 4 10*1 4
1057 February. 7 105 I
1045 Lost Girl. 5 1051 7,
1053 Cromwell, 6 1101 2
:.
Vim.
5
3 1
2 3*4
4 M
1 1
Vim.
Vim.
4
2 h
1 li
3 1
•
Hra.
%m.
%m.
4
1 h
2 Vi
3 Vi
Str.
Th
1 3
3 2
4
Str.
Fin.
Fin.
1 h
2 4
3 h
4
I Jockeys.
|Jenkins
|J. Reiff
1.1. Stewart
Ruiz
[Bullmnn .
1- 3-5
5 6
20 60
7. 10
S-5 . 3.
•Fell.
Time Vi, :13H: *H. :3SVi: '». 1:03%: %, l:29Vi' Winner, J. Coffey's eh. m. by imp. Char-
axus-Ktliie. Good start. Won first three driving.
Roslnante made up a vast amount of ground through stretch. , Ruiz, on Lost Girl, was
ashamed to take the show. Cromwell bled and fell with his rider on the back stretch.
lOTO SIXTH ACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-
Index.' Horse. Age. Weight
. Vim.
Vim. %m.
Str.
Fin.
I*2S Amasa, 4 119 4 -
1042 Genua, 3 105! 2
(1039) Sly. 5 120) 6
inr;s Ach, 3 1101 7
(1055) Wat ossa. 3 107 5
938 C H. Harrison Jr. 8.107 11
v.- George Miller, a — 122] 9
'..-,1 Jennie Gibb, 5 120] 8
9fiB Juva. 3 105110
1055 Tlburon. 3 108 1
(1053) Bessie Lee, 4 117 3
1039 Etta H. 5 120] «
1 2
2 3
5 > 3
33
9 4
7 Vi
81
10
11
4 h
6 Vi
1 3
2 3
7 Vi
3 2
. S Vi
5 Vi
9
4 2
10
6 Vi
11
1 2Vi IPlggott
2 h |W. Narvaez..
3 3 IRuiz
4 4 [McNichols ....
5 h [J. Reiff
6 4 [J. Ward
7 Vi IJenkins
Bfi IWickllne
9 'j I Ames
10 Vi iMacklin
11 |Kerrin
... jG. Wilson....
3-2 7-5
6 10
7-2 ' 8
.3 10
10 20
tf6:<tfZ
8 15
100 150
10 20
8 15
15 15
6 10
•Left.
Time— Vi, :13Vi: Hi. :37; %, l:O2Vi. Winner. Crane & Owens' b. g. by Captain Al-Lady
Intruder. Good start except Etta H. Won first three driving.
Amasa slipped away from his company at the start. McNichols did not like Ach.«
Scratched— Jtme Bozeman 102, Socialist, 119, El Eatro 105, Ann Page 105, Con Dalton 107.
catching Licalzl after passing the pad
dock, won by a head.
In the final five furlong run Amasa, the
favorite, was never headed, leading Genua
past the stand over a length. Sly came
fast the last furlong, securing third place
honors. y--_: : y :
Track Notes.
This will be the closing day of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club's season of racing. A
Darktown derby will be the feature of the
card.
Hahn, a well-developed specimen of the
"genus pinhead," which flourish in pro
fusion on racetracks, was fined $25 by the
judges for boating The Plunger over the
head with his whip.
Presiding Judge Murphy departed for
St. Louis last evening, where he will have
the same position at the Fair Grounds.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling;
three-year-olds and up:
1055.Raeebud 10.">[ 1048 Inverary 11. ....114
1056 Maj. H00ker... 114 1038 Yaruba 107
962 Gllberto 107 1052 San Augustine. 102
<1060)Niigar 110 j 1067 Somis 102
I 1064 Fleming 114 107*2 Glengaber 110
I loir, University 116 1065 Anchored 105
999 Festoso 110 (1052) Elizabeth R....105
] Second Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
j ing; four-year-olds and up:.
I 1064 Pol ore 107: 1070 Sly 112
1069 February U>7 1042 Novla 98
! 1048 Schnltz 1051 1*47 Paul Kruger ..103
(1064)Mocorito 110 1068 Byron Cross — 1"0
1061 Gracias 98 1 1032 Earl Cochran... 102
1064 Bliss Rucker...Hoi 1010 Roadwarmer ..102
1064 Ricardo 1091
Third Race— Five-eighths of a mile; two
year-olds:
1049 Racetto 1051 1059 Bogus Bill 10S
(1049)1-. McWhtrter.,ll3 (1005)Oremus 110
1012 Gusto 1181 1049 Flush of Gold. .110
1059 San Tomas 1081 1041 "Klckumbob ...l
(1059>May Gertrude.. 1101 'Stable.
1000 »Tar Hill 1131
Fourth Race— One mile; selling; four-year
olds and up:
1050 Daisy F 101 1 1062 Storm King. ...lt :
1062 Ringmaster ...107 1027 Torslda 105
1063 Bernardino ....107, 1064 F. A. Flnneg'n.loß
Fifth Race-One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and up:
(1006) Meadow Lark. .losl 1047 None Such 96
1061 New Moon 103 1013 Opponent 101
1068 Grady 109 1061 Rapido 100
1063 Alicia 981 1058 Widow Jones. .lo3
Sixth Race-One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; Darktown derby; four-year-olds and up:
1047 Joe Cotton 1.71 1037 Roadrunner 154
Jim Brown. ; Pete Plnkney.
922 Rossmore 1511 1035 Purward 151
Coon Slaughter. Mr. Heck.
1067 The Plunger.... lsl ' (1063) Wyoming 151
Mr. Robertson. j Mr. J. M. Johnson.
855 Texarkana 150 1056 Eureka 154
Bob Freeman. I Bob Whitney.
Selections for To-Day.
First Race- Elizabeth R, Festoso, Yaruba.
Second Race— Mocorlto, Sly, Dolore.
Third Race— San Tomas, L.. B. McWhlrter,
Oremus.
Fourth Race— Daisy F. Torslda, Storm King.
i Fifth Opponent, New Moon, Widow-
Jones.
Sixth Race— Wyoming. Durward. Roadrunner.
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks and diaries.
B°st goods, host values, at Sanborn &
Vails. *
Awakening of Mexico.
President David S. Jordan will speak
this evening before Liberty Branch at
the Tempi*-, 117 Turk street, on "The
Awakening of Mexico." The lecture will
be illustrated with stereopticon views.
"99" Cleveland bicycles' *W and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkin.*
THE EMPORIUM. . THE EMPORIUM.
%& >¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*~ *
v Hongkong fyf Special 4
7 fme Gran- ■HPHHK" :Kftiß_E!__i<VWlkHH lft M Sale Man ~ 1
* gar to-day Mm®* * ''and "^ ■%3 |f| ?~J |f m ' 5
2 andlhurs-™ OoW«nlfeußeßa^aar^ ™Saclr/es/n «
» day, 2/ /Ijs CAU/QRn/4'5 L4w.£sr-/lMf p/c4i oWiDEST store. Notion »
¥ for $1.00. Dep't. 4
* _w *
l y&Ae<>t'a£ xfczSLi \
¥ / 4
1 v^ Half Price To-Day for Our 4
» $0^ Entire Stock of t
■ & *$$t*fy A)l in the ,atests «
* f?M Liberty Silk Capes. st ies - of rich ; dar 4
* S^&twa a "' c materia — *
t _^^S»?a__. Chiffon Silk Capes. elaborately trim- 4
id^W^lsfe me lour choice 4
t <^^£lp^% Liberty Satin Capes. of the "} aIL No J
2 v^w TSiMj^t^^ reservations. J
* '!^L-B^^?s $3.50 Capes $1.75 4
* '■W-«V^' 5.00 Gapes 2.50 4
* V/'^<-\^y 6.50 Capes 3.25 *
2 7.50 Capes 3.75 *
2 $17.50 Gapes $8.75 \ $15. Gapes.. $7.50 J
! fr Ow "Bargain Tables — (Main tAisle. 4
1 > 4
| * Another Big Wash Goods Special. I Wednesday Special Sale of *
* • Percales * When we talk of House Some s p' endid bargains J
T __•» •»•«*«»«» - p erca | eg we tal ]< -a." in this list. «
J Percales ! of the real arti- Furnishings, i, only small J
> cle, 36 inch solid 12^c goods— not quantities of each. 4
* imitation light-weight prints ; thestyles, 35c Knife Cleaning Boards. .."\ *
2 too, are right for waists, dresses and 40c Round Chopping Bo wis... I — J
2 children's wear— about 200 p:eces on 35c White Tir M.tn Paper.. \2§C 4
2 sale to-day only— per yard 7^C 35c Seamless Steel Stew Pans f \
* 50c Seamless Steel Stew Pan < I Each. #
¥ 33c Enameled 10 qt Milk Pans I 4
* : $1 Planished Alcohol Stoves, each...sSc *
J Wednesday Special 'Bargain. 2 5c Adjustable Coat Hangers , J
* Vie* Knee Pants 25c Japanned Coal Hods ! 4/3 f% 4
¥ ***** 25 r-mm9 20c Enameled Coffee Canis- V InfO «
* 39C. ters Each. *
* oc , a^.- ™i. _.___=-=—^.^ 20c White Tar Moth Powder ' *
£, 26s dozen on y f^Xy"-.\ " f*^k 4
#* -Boys' strictly E____~~~T — "^~^ us - j <r*. ■t c / *
* all-wool Knee vu ' "i \ Wednesday Special Sale <
2 Pants-sizes 3to j Ladies' Ladies' r.\ J/ J
215 years— medium ] 1 ™"*"' MF Dongola \IL//| «
2 light color— just I/ ShOeS. Kid But- oEs/M 4
» the weight you ih ll j ton an( j L ace Shoes— new AJT^ \ «
» want— small sizes Wl /7 English toes and kid tips |^R\ J 4
» are made with ///I fr, —sewed flexible soles— WW ?) 4
» bow and buckle at I ///I fr/ ; this shoe is an easy fitter & I <%( *
2 knee— large size? i 7/ 1 k and gives good >_a^-4k/ J'
2 ; made plain— 4 //J /,- 8 service- 1 ? neat y^ /\ 3,
_ ' that we retail al- \^ I 1 J^ in appearance f/Cl J \
1 ways at 75c pair— *&* — l_JB?» —regularly $2 <__^-*-* a- "^ «
fr for to-day only 39c pair— for to-day only $1.28 m
* , 4
* On Wednesday Only, These 4
,fr Wednesday Special Sale of Stationery A - w - Faber,s 4
t Ladies' R , M Kn i sta i n,e?s Specials, i ead Hex ?en o ciis-N ? ; k 4
,- Black Cotton Hose, heavy »»#•«•«*■«■■<»■ i,eaa tencns «os. w
2 HOSe. weight and full fashione %1.2. • 3 and 4-regular.y -oc doxei- J
A the weil-known 4 E_tv" brand, they come Special to-day „ ...48c -
» packed 4 pairs in a box and sell every "Record-Breaker Foolscap Paper—
¥ where for 50c per box. Special for to- regular price for 24 sbeets loc. Special «
* day only, 36c per box— per par 9a to-day, 48 sheats for " c 4
* Heavy I_3gal Cap Paper — regular price 4
* for 24 sheet.; 15c. Special to-day. 48 4
2 i sheets for 15c J
* Some Wednesday Specials for . ,-— ■ — „ t r *
i Men's 18 dozen only English Derby Stecial Wednesday Sale of J
¥ wnen S l s n°^nonlvEnKh<hDerhv «
t wZm**~ Ribbed Bilh - j re in ruder - Mats, Squares 5?. doze " *
* "B«« • wear — shirts or drawers — «»«•## _T_>_r_i_f#_r*«____S' tinted *
* good weight— a handsome silver blue anU MMUUMCS. Ma ts, Doilies 4
2 shade— edged with silk— finely made- and Sma ' 1 Squares— in cotton, duck or J
2 every garment guaranteed to "be perfect satin damask— stamped— regular prices J
0, —one of the best selling $1 gar. 4c, sc, 6c and 7c each. Your choice to-
fr ments we have, will be soid on day only at 2c «
> Wednesday — per gar- 50 dozen Squares and Oblongs— some 4
#* ment -...59c — ~] are tinted and some stamped — made on 4
* Men's 50c Fancy LJ\ 'iiil satin damask and du-k cotton coth — 4
2 Hose 29c — Over- iM)V;'!!\ many of the sizss will measure 18x18 and *
2 stocked on these good*— /^4W_ij "ox2o— prices 10c to 2Sc ea-h. *
2 consequently we offer ffm^JJjy] Your choice to-day only at 7c +
fr you your choice of vari- uunhi'V ] 4
¥ ou. handsome patterns—^^»TTj7 F° r Wednesday Special Sale. 4
2a'! ° f M^Wrhhi Turkish Closely woven, substan- J
2 them our yW^'fl 4--! n "f" tial Turkish Towels- J
2 (1 *7 st XX^^>C\y TOWeiS. free absorbers — good «
/§, a " be^ t ■y^^r') f C or bathroom or lavatory size 46x19 4
50c goods C^/T^^' inches, cream or half bleached — reeru- 4
* 77 pr^ a "_ b~^ — . „, , , lar 15c value— for to-day only each. lOc 4
+ bly 69 dozen in ail sizes— We _4_ *
* only for 29c, On Wednesday Only. 4
¥ 4
* lOc Draperies J*\ b ards 4
¥ -_, c_-.\/~. -M GoldDrap- 4
* Wednesday 'Dress Goods Special. 'Or OC Y ara. cry, 80 inches 4
* _-_ . ___.»/-> ,-. v * , I wide, floral resigns, stripes, etc. — par- 4
* Colored Q ual,t - V ' beaut >' d t cularlv good for cushion covers, window J
fr Henriettas. immbifuVA an l, ma H^??S M ~? price 10c *
¥ inch Cloth", that ordinarily sells at 85c l yard ' Special to-day at 5c 4
2 the yard— in the latest shades of blue, specials Wednesday and Thursday 2
J brown, tan, gr. en and plum. For to-day __ m T
2 only, per yard 59c GrOGCrieS. foiled Wheat in J
i # _;__«..__«__•___. bulk — regularly T
2 ■ Liquors. 3 C ib — for two J
' 2 days 12 lbs for 25c «
fr A Wednesday Special in Best Creamery Butter— size *
* _r»«._r.«<_» » 30c 4
#1 unina f^^^^fs. Best Creamer y Butter— fun 2-ib bits 4
J Dep't. I^^SsS^roi Hesperi_.n" Hazards" Tomatoes- *
2 The very use- ,//' : ' 'uAu ; can C J
2 ful and hand- |6\5 -£^*<$3 jj i Fresh Soda Crackers, y a boxes— <
fr some Teapot V^-^M^fiylJ each 38 +
¥ Stand, like cut— \S^_^P IP/J/IJ Fancy Japan Rice -10 lbs f0r.... 48 C 4
* Carlsbad China, V Xb-^'-'o</ Fancy Japan /?f"ce— 100 lbs for . . 4
* raised center, N^^^^^^ . $4.65 *
2 with colored C. &B. Lucca OH- qts 55© *
2 flower decoration and gold band— worth Good Table Claret gallon- 25c J
2 25c— our regular price 15c— special price C.'dar Run Bourbon -gallon 52 J
-._ for to-day only 8c Wilson fine Rye Whiskey ysl <•
* - 4
x , »UAAA*****>******A*^*<*^tAAA*&A^4AA«^A_
Rroke Her Leg.
Miss J. McLean, a servant, residing at
3409 Webster street, broke her leg last
evening while alighting from a Mission
street car at the corner of Ninth street.
She was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital and attended to by Dr. Thompson.
The injured woman said the accident was
due to a misstep.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May _.
Schr Joseph and Henry, ArfT, 3 days from
Coqullle River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived May 2— Stmr Hueneme.
hence May 1.
PORT BLAKELEY- Arrived May 2— Schr
Marlon, from San Pedro.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
,V Brown, Mexico iV B Hubbard. S Jose
A M Smith. Portland iD Carmlchael, S Jose
Mrs T G Morrison. J D McGilvray, '-,-*!
Dr L __ Cross, Stock IW D Carman. S Jose
J G Shaw. Sacto 'G W Watson, Sacto
T L Sweany, Pa 'E J Moulton. Minn
Dr T Irwin and wife. 'I M Wllmouth, Chicago
Nova Scotia |R Mayer. Cal
Miss Mary Irwin, N S.Dr W I. Hood; Cal
J H Williams. Cal J M Boyce, Stockton
A J Newberry, < 'al IF Brunner, Angels
T H Green, S Rafael J Foster, Fresno
E M Rosenthal & w. I G M Rock, Stockton
San Jose M Flelshelm, Chicago
P Roman. Cincinnati G Buck. Framlngham
T A Devoust. Sacto A Jones & w, Oregon
H Smith. San Lorenzo S Pltland. San Jose
, W Charles, city H Block, Los Angeles
I Rogers. '"al ,T Leonard. Denver .
Or W H Team, Cal ,R L Fulton, Reno
ALP French, Sacto J L Lee, Chicago
H J Fergesson. Cal 'D W Kenyon. Fresno
H.Todd. Oakland L L Chamberlain. Cal
C L Smith. Oakland CH Smith. Boston
S Dannenbaum, «'al Mrs Adams. Sacto
T J Klser. and wife, ° P Burwell, Seattle
San Jose Mrs .• Gester, N l as
B Rosenfeld, Cal ML Tshame, Cal
I E Lethbody. Leth- H H Blood, Cal
body Mrs G L Merritt. Cal
T D Nevins, Lethb'dy i Mrs M 17 Snook Cal
J F Frame. Halifax Mrs C F Henry' 111
John C Latham. Pa I J Henry Illinois
7. T Crowden, Chico J McCudden. Vallelo
L Gerqual. Paris Miss McCudden. Val
D A Mathewson, Cal B F Wetherby and w
C T Varney and wife. Boston '
Portland, Me T Jacob. Visalia
I. C Drew. Cal W I. Tlbbets. Cal
1 1 X Stoddard. Merced Mrs Annie Smith. cal
T J Kisi-r and W. Cal I I* Kelsey. San Jose
X T Harrison. Stan C G Witman Quartz
I- E Clark. Portland ij V Ralph. Alvarado
Mrs R B Griswold.SaclS Betterson. Sonora
C P Bailey, Cal JW Jacks, Monterey
M A Baxter, Sacto I
PALACE HOTEL.
A M Schroth. Chicago IW M Sheldon, L Ang
A F Jones. Oroville -: Kislingbury. St Lake
T W Carson, Seattle C I. Behr. London
T E Brady, Chicago 7 X Giles. N *
F M i 'oil, urn. Boston A B H Chapin. Boston
C Steedman, Angels Miss Chapin, Boston
W J Graves, Mexico ,Mrs Knowles. Miss
M Suyder. Mexico A E Booth. Balto
W ii Ebbs, N V |r J Meehan. Balto
Mrs C L Fair & m. NY Q Ingraham. N V
F S Stimson, Seattle Mrs Ingraham. N V
Mrs Stimson, Seattle .\lis.~ Ingraham, N V
E T Stimson, L Ang iF M Buck. ''al
Mrs Stimson, L Ang D Mitchell, Palo Alto
L Coste, Dawson \v Jackson, N J -
I C Odendonk, Wash C Scribner. N V
C F Langnecker. Pa Mrs Scribner. N V
G B Bush. Oregon ,L Seasongood. inn
3 T Martin. Cal Mrs Seasongood. Cinn
Mrs J T Martin. Cal Misses Beasongood, Cm
J B Walker. N V s McNaughton, Londn
M H Cassett, lowa Miss Baker. S Cruz
P L Garrity, Chicago C F Irons. R I
O H Steams, Cinn Miss H F S Irons. R I
T W Cabe, Chicago Mrs M Russell. R I
T Dropperman. Cinn A D Graham. Detroit
Mrs Dropperman. ''inn Brigadier General C P
Miss Dropperman, Cinn Lean. Wash
Miss M Ryan. Cinn C Progatt, Chicago
J H Carruthers. Cal R E_ Cranston. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F H Fordyce, Cal IJ J Kenny, S Cruz
C H Moll & w. Sacto V Dawson. Seattle
Mrs E Hall. Sacto . 'J E Hall. Minn
Mrs H Burton, Utah jF J Taite, Kent,
J H Clark, L Ang C Bancroft. Dunsmulr
A R Mlllett. Petaluma'C Carpenter, Napa
E B Lincoln, Victoria J Watson, St Helena '
J S Smythe., Marysville M H McDonald, Sulsun
C Golden & w, SU_tn.
56
WEDNESDAY ' MAY 3, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELSb Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F«
Telephone Main 186 S.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall,, Including Postage:
fAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year. ffl.OO
! -AII.Y CALL (Including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
I AII.Y CALL including Sunday Call), 8 months USX)
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5o
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
JVEW YORK OFFICB Room 18S. World Bulldlnjj
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bnlldlnfl
C. GEORGE KROGNE66, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Mor)tgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open uijtll 9:30 o'clock*
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251J
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, ooen until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The Woman Hater."
Grand Opera House— "El Capitan."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Captain Swift."
Tlvcll-"The Geisha."
Chute* Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
tad evening.
Oi> in,.. __ -Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Insterstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth—
Battle of Manila Bay.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Dog Show.
Sin Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
El Campo- The popular bay resort Amusements every
Sunday. ____^^__^_____^___^^________
THE BUG IN THE CHARTER.
\A R. HENRY X. CLEMENT and Dr. E. R.
/ \ Taylor are able and reputable lawyers. In
* * The Call of Sunday these gentlemen as
signed two reasons for the failure to provide in the
new charter for the regulation of the rates and
charges of the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, and for the discrimination between that cor
poration and other monopolies, classified as common
carriers. One of these reasons is the doubtful con
stitutionality of such municipal legislation, and the
other the supposed intermixture of the business of
the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company, which
is a local concern, with the service of the Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph Company, extending to all parts
of the State:
It is not the function of the press to determine c0n
..... T , , , , ,
stttutional questions. It had been supposed, however,
■■.■■.■■■.-■■■■..-■■■ ■ ■
that there could be no doubt of the power of State
regulation m the particulars mentioned, and that the
only point in controversy was the existence of this
right in the municipality, either by express specifica
tion or under the implications of the law. We have
not before us any direct adjudication on the subject,
but in the American Law Review for April-May, 1896,
a very able opinion by one of the most prominent
lawyers in Kansas was published, in which the rights
of State control and of the delegation of municipal
control over telephone companies was vigorously as
serted. In Massachusetts also, perhaps in other
*v* : 'yy . ■ _.
States, the same views are entertained. It seems that
all monopolies or even competitive associations, de
pending upon franchises or privileges derived from
the public, should be subject to restrictions in their
exactions and should not be permitted equally to
plunder the community at large and their private cus
tomers.
This municipality has its regular legal adviser, to
whom the constitutional question should be promptly
committed. If the State constitution as it exists
manacles the Legislature in dealing with telephone
companies it should be amended. We do not believe
that there is any such limitation. The other point
suggested by Mr. Clement and Dr. Taylor can hardly
be sustained. There can be no doubt that the State
•
jurisdiction of the Sunset Telephone and Telegraph
Company and the municipal jurisdiction of the Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company are clearly dis
tinguishable. To a certain extent they may use the
same wires and the same instruments. But it is well
understood that the identity of each corporation is
separately maintained, that each service is independent
of the other, that the accounts are not commingled,
and that it is entirely practicable to treat the business
of the Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company as
distinct and complete within itself.
The existence of this bug in the new charter, to
which The Call has invited the attention of the pub
lic and of the municipal authorities, is unquestion
able. The constitutional doubt should have been re
solved in favor of the people and not of the telephone
monopoly. There should be no delay or hesitation
in the exercise of lawful means to compel its submis
sion to reasonable supervision over its tariff and to
some recognition of the interests of its customers.
These monopolies, in alliance with the railroad, have
virtually held themselves above the law in this State
and have treated the public with contempt. It is time
to make them understand that the American people
live under a free Government and not under a private
despotism.
In their efforts to distribute prize money to the
Cubans the American authorities are having a great
deal of trouble with "swollen" lists of insurgent
Cub m soldiers. When the American Government
needed Cuban soldiers in the war with Spain the list
of available and willing men was lamentably small.
From the tenor of British comment on Coghlan's
speech it seems the opinion over there is that he
ought to be deprived of his rank as captain, retired
for about a couple of weeks and then restored to the
navy as a commodore.
Senator Butler of North Carolina is said to have
enrolled himself as a student in the law school of the
university of the State, which shows that the Senatot,
though a Populist, has sense enough to see that he
can never learn any law in the Senate.
The emissaries of Aguinaldo want to retire from
their rebellion with honor. Thus far they have retired
flora the advance of the American troops with haste,
It is rather late in the campaign for them to change
their policy.
It is cheering to hear that the Emperor William
has joined in the gayety of nations. He has just read
and apparently enjoyed "Hoch der Kaiser 1"
The report that Aguinaldo is of Irish parentage on
his father's side accounts for his excellence as a
.fighter, but where did he get that name?
APPOINTED SENATORS.
SENATOR PERKINS, in discussing the seating
of Senators who are appointed by the execu
tive,' says he may be criticized for his present
I position because he voted to seat Corbett of Oregon.
' The first case decided by the Senate was that
of Kensey Johns, appointed by the Governor
of Delaware in 1794, after a legislative ses
sion had been held subsequent to the occur
rence of the vacancy. The Senate held that the
Legislature having met, the Governor took no juris
diction by its failure to elect a Senator. Up to this
time this rule has been adhered to. The issue raised
in the Corbett case, however, was new. A careful
study of the discussion proves this plainly. The
case was stated by Senator Spooner of Wisconsin, an
able lawyer. It turned on what constitutes "a meet
ing" of the Legislature. The Legislature of Oregon
met and the Senate organized permanently for the
transaction of business. The House never reached
even a temporary organization, but met from day to
day without a quorum, in a futile effort to get a
quorum and permanently organize. In this way the
time allotted to the session passed away without the
transaction of any legislative business, and, of course,
without notice to the Governor that the Legislature
was in session at all, since the official notification to
him of that fact by committee never occurred. The
issue in the Corbett case, then, was. Does such a
gathering of the members elected to the Legislature
constitute a meeting of that body within the legal and
constitutional meaning?
Senator Spooner said: "The constitution has de
volved that Federal function (election of a Senator)
upon the Legislature of a State. So it is but a step
to argue, and the conclusion is inevitable, that
there is no jurisdiction under the constitution
of the United States to perform this Federal
function until, by compliance with the consti
tution of the State and the law of the State,
there exists an organized legislative body, consti
tuting a Legislature capable of legislating. So it was,
at the suggestion of Mr. Fessenden, in 1866, that the
present law was passed as we find it in the statutes to
day, containing the words, 'meeting and organization
of the Legislature.' Now, what is the 'organization'
of a Legislature? I looked at Anderson's Law Dic
tionary this morning and it says: 'In the sense of to
constitute, to qualify for the exercise of appropriate
functions. It may refer to a government, a court, a
legislative body, a board of deputies or other officers.'
"If there is a quorum of sworn members in each
House, who have elected a Speaker or a President
pro tempore, who have provided themselves with fa
cilities for expressing and recording the legislative
will, who have clothed themselves by a performance
of conditions precedent with the power to legislate, so
that they may pass laws which will be valid and bind
ing, a rule of action upon the people of the State,
even though they may not have been able to elect a
permanent Speaker they should be taken as a Legisla
ture within the constitutional sense and qualified to
choose a Senator." ,
The Oregon House consists of sixty members. The
constitution of the State requires that two-thirds of
each House shall constitute a quorum to do busi-
ness, but a smaller number may meet and compel at
tendance of absentees and adjourn from day to day.
Observe the language, "may" — not "must" nor
"shall" — compel attendance of absentees. At the first
meeting of the House thirty-four were present and
twenty-six absent. When the roll was called thirty
responded and thirty were absent. So it continued
from day to day, the highest number responding to
rollcall being thirty-one. There was not even a tem
porary organization, no temporary Speaker was
elected, and only thirty-one of the sixty members were
even sworn in.
Senator Spooner's argument that this did not con
stitute ''a meeting and organization of the Legisla
ture" was perfectly correct, and his deduction there
from that the Legislature not having met and organ
ized the Governor had not lost jurisdiction of the
Senatorial appointment was highly plausible and
justifiable. But, observe that very argument was a
complete admission that if the Legislature had met
and had organized and had then failed to elect a Sen
ator the Governor's jurisdiction would have been lost.
Therefore, in voting to seat Corbett Senator Perkins
remained in line with the adjudicated cases of Johns
and Lanman, and his vote was not inconsistent with
his present position. The doctrine of the constitution
is that the Governor takes jurisdiction only when the
vacancy occurs during a recess of the Legislature,
that such jurisdiction ceases upon the meeting and or
ganization of the Legislature and does not return to
the Governor upon legislative failure to exercise it.
It was plausibly held in the Corbett case, in line
with the foregoing doctrine, that the Governor's juris
diction remains intact if the Legislature fail to "or
ganize."
As we have said before, the whole matter is so
plain that it needs no lawyer to state it. The Legis
latures of California, Utah, Delaware and Pennsyl
vania had met, organized and were in session transact
ing legislative business, and the executives were offi
cially notified and cognizant thereof when the vacan
cies occurred in the Senate by expiration of the
regular terms. Therefore jurisdiction was never in
the Governors of those States, but was originally in
the Legislatures and remains there until 'the Legis
latures choose to exercise it.
Th|E PEACE CONGRESS.
WHILE we have welcomed May this year not
with a festival of rejoicing over the return of
the season of flowers, but with the celebration
of a great epoch-making victory, the month will not
be lacking in- more peaceful suggestions, for its chief
event will be the gathering of the international con
ference called by the Czar to consider the possibility
of bringing about a general disarmament of the
nations.
The conference is to open at The Hague on the
18th and every civilized nation on the globe will be
represented among its members. The delegates from
this country will be Andrew D. White, Embassador
to Germany; Stanford Newel, Minister to the Neth
erlands; Professor Seth Low of Columbia Univer
sity; Captain Crozier of the United States army, and
Captain Mahan of the navy. The American commis
sion as a whole is regarded as an exceptionally strong
body, several of its members being men of interna
tional reputation.
It is not expected that much of a positive nature
will be accomplished by the conference, for no dele
gation is to be empowered to do or to promise any
thing which will be binding upon its Government. It
is to be a meeting for discussion merely, and from the
tone of the comment on the subject in diplomatic
circles it is doubtful if the Czar's suggestion of gen
eral^ disarmament will be given much more than a
perfunctory consideration.
Nevertheless there is a strong belief the discussions
at the meeting will result in materially strengthening
the cause of peace. It is said the United States and
Great Britain will unite in urging an international
agreement that private property shall in times of war
be respected on sea as on land, and will also advo
TILE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
cate a more general adoption of arbitration as a
means of settling international disputes.
The notable feature of the conference will be the
part the United States will play in it. For the first
time an American delegation will sit in a great Euro
pean council and be respected as the representative of
a world power of the first class. Of course American
sentiment with respect to disarmament will have little
weight, since that issue does not affect us. We have
no heavy armaments to menace Europe, neither do
the armaments of European nations menace us; but
on all other questions the expression of the Ameri
can Commissioners will be given as much attention
as is paid to those of any other power.
It is generally believed in ■ Europe that after the
conference at The Hague is over there will be a meet
ing of the greater rulers of Europe in England, at
which time the recommendations of the conference
will be reviewed and possibly some agreement may
be reached which will strengthen that famous "con
cert of Europe," which has now become an established
institution of diplomacy. Under any circumstances
the peace conference is likely to be the most impor
tant event of the year, and its proceedings will be
studied closely by all who are interested in the wel
fare of nations and the prosperity of mankind.
UNDER our free institutions the people make the
laws, subject only to essential constitutional re
strictions. The enforcement of the law, there
fore, is guaranteed by a compact between the people
themselves, which cannot be disregarded without
vital danger to the republic.
The Call has uniformly insisted that the Federal
constitution and the State constitutions/ and all the
laws made in pursuance thereof should be rigidly
observed. It has applied this obviously correct doc
trine without evasion or partiality. It has demanded
its application to its own party and to the Federal
administration. It has denounced Asiatic expansion
and imperialism, because the one is a substantial
equivalent for the other and both are repugnant to
constitutional obligations and also to the theory and
the practice of our Government. While recognizing
the terrible provocations in the South, it has uni-.
formly resisted the cruelties of mobs and declared
that crime should be punished through the courts,
whether perpetrated by brutalized negroes or by re
vengeful whites. It has antagonized monopoly in
every form that has raised it above the law or enabled
it to strike at the rights and the interests of the pub
lic, whether represented by oppressive trusts or wield
ing dictatorial power through an individual, as in the
case of C. P. Huntington.
The scenes in Idaho, which have been depicted
vividly in our columns, show the evil example and the
viciousness of unrepressed lawlessness. In the most
wanton manner, without excuse or palliation, valuable
and wealth-producing property has been destroyed
and hundreds — perhaps thousands of industrious
citizens at least temporarily deprived of employment.
The crime is as deadly to labor as it is to capital.
Equality before the law does not mean an aristocracy
of violence any more than it means an aristocracy of
fraud or greed. It does mean the same law and the
same administration of the law for the rich and the
poor alike, and that all men of every condition, living
in the United States and possessed of the inestimable
and inalienable rights of American citizenship, or
whose presence among us is tolerated, shall be com
pelled to live in peace and in order, in conformity
with the necessities of civilized society, and shall not
attempt to steal their neighbor's goods, to injure his
body, to take his life, nor forcibly to redress their own
grievances.
Mob law spreads like an epidemic. It must be
dealt with dispassionately and temperately, but with
inexorable firmness and promptness. If General Otis
is justified in refusing to treat with the Filipinos un
til they have unconditionally surrendered, there is
much greater necessity for the refusal to temporize
with outlaws in an established American State upon
this continent. Lawless combinations of miners at
Wardner are quite as destructive and inexcusable as
aggressive and fraudulent combinations of capital in
San Francisco or in New York.
UNIVERSITY REORGANIZATION.
T F the report so widely circulated be true that- East-
IF the authorities consulted upon the that- East
ern authorities consulted upon the selection
of a new president for the State University have
advised that upon the close of the first academic year
after the new man enters upon his work all the pro
fessors and heads of departments in the university
shall resign so as to leave him free to reorganize the
institution, then the Regents are certainly wise in
deliberating well and long before they act. A whole
sale reorganization and reconstitution of the univer
sity staff may be attractive, but it will be a hazardous
experiment to carry out.
The claim is made by those who favor the rumored
plan that there are in the university some professors
who should never have been appointed and some who
have grown old in the service and are no longer use
ful. The elimination of these, it is said, would be of
great benefit to the institution. New men would
mean new vigor, new energy and a new. and more
vitalizing stimulus to the university in all lines of its
work.
Even if all that is claimed were sure to be accom
plished beyond a shadow of a doubt, there would still
be serious objections to anything like a wholesale
sweeping of the university by an Eastern broom after
but one year of experience in the State. It would be
demoralizing to university life if each change in the
presidency should mean a wholesale change in the
professorships and the teaching body generally.
Under such conditions a university career would be
almost as uncertain as one in politics, and a professor
in future would have to give a good deal of time and
energy to the work of wire-pulling among the powers
that be in order to hold his position after attaining it.
The great universities of Europe and the East have
not become centers of learning and noted as the
homes of scholarship by any practice of turning pro
fessors out of their chairs simply because they have
grown old in service, or because they arc not "up
to date" according to the ideas of some new head of
the institution.
There is no need for a clean sweep at Berkeley, and
if there is to be one it should not be intrusted to an
Easterner. Berkeley should, have a strong and vig
orous personality in the president's chair, but there is
no reason why she should seek it at the risk of de
moralizing the staff or rendering uncertain the tenure
of cffice of the men who elect to serve her in any of
her departments.
It begins to look as if the Filipinos were awaken
ing to a realization of the fact that American bullets
are hard to dodge and don't bounce after they strike.
Up to date about a dozen candidates have come
forward to fill Tom Reed's place as Speaker of the
House, and still there is room for more.
The dispatches announce that the Coghlan incident
has been duly closed. It is possible that some covert
reference is made to the gallant captain's mouth.
ENFORCE THE LAW
NEWS OF THE MINES.
One of the few Argonauts now living
who were present at the birth of quartz
mining on Gold Mountain, near Grass Val
ley, late in 1850, is Frank Morse, who is
an engineer at the San Francisco Mint.
His interest in the nebulous history of
that beginning of quartz mining was
greatly stimulated by an account re
cently published in these columns in con
nection with the Peabody-Gold Hill suit,
involving the oldest quartz mine in the
State. The following is part of the story
told by Mr. Morse:
"I suppose there are not more . than
three or four, if as many, survivors of
that meeting of December 30, 1850, when
the Gold Mountain mining district was or
ganized. I remember the time quite well.
I went out there in .September, 1850, from
Parks Bar, on the Yuba near Marysville,
where I had been running a wheelbarrow
for $16 a day until I got a fever, as so
many of the miners did.
"This rich ledge on Gold Mountain was
known to exist for some months befote
this organization of the district, and the
recording of claims. The ledge was
broken off and turned downhill like a sort
of wave and it was not found in place
short of about forty feet below the sur
face. The side of the hill below the vein
and the ravine were rich and claims were
being worked when I got there, each
claim being 30 by 40 feet. The rules ob
served elsewhere in nearby diggings were
followed, but claims were not recorded
until December 30, 1850, when laws Were
adopted and a recorder elected. Thomas
Cracklin's claim merely happened to be
the flrst one recorded and so ranks as the
oldest one by the record. Some of the
rock of the broken vein was very rich
and, of course, the dirt was rich. The
only way most of us could work the rock
at first was by pounding up the richest
specimens on a stone with a hammer and
then panning out. A man by the name of
Huff, who 1 thnik was an old Georgia
miner, had a big mortar and it was the
only one in the diggings. He and his
party rigged up a spring pole and pOund
ed out $20,000 that winter. Long years af
ter I found Huff ranching on the Ameri
can River. To show haw much we knew
about quartz mining, a few of us pooled
our claims and run a tunnel 250 feet long
that tapped the ledge about- forty feet
below the surface. There was no water
to contend with and we could much better
have just sunk a shaft forty feet deep,
but we had an idea that we ought to have
a tunnel for some reason, probably be
cause it would be easier to get the rock
out. 1 remember that Joseph Cracklin
took out $15,000 with a mortar and went
East in 1851. I helped him pound it out.
Two men, Walsh and Wheeler, bought up
a number of the claims that winter ana
turned their sawmill into a quartz mill.
They afterward sold to a London com
pany, who sent out Melville Attwood as
manager, about 1852. -?. • ....
"'Some of those lirst mills built in 1861
would be great curiosities now. One was
set up near my cabin, and would work
night and day— if they could get It to
work. I would be trying to sleep in
my cabin and would hear them say, 'Well,
boys, I guess we've got steam enough
now.' Then the thing would start up and
go set-choo, rattlety-bang, rattlety
bang, rattle-ty-bang, rat-tle-ty-bang, sst,
choo — bang*, and then it would stop. The
Kelly mill was not very far away,
and was made almost entirely of wood.
The wooden mortars were lined with
boiler iron. As I remember the cam shaft
it was a big lug 18 inches thick with the
wooden cams mortised in a spiral row
around it. As the journals were all of
wood, it would squeak frightfully. You
could hear it a mile sometimes. When it
would squeak a fellow would climb up
and 'dope' the bearings with molasses.
1 suppose they did not have any grease
to spare. A lot of the rock ore we
took out of our tunnel and sent to the
first mill went only $49 a ton, and as we
had to pay $50 a ton to have it crushed,
we quit."
Herbert Long, an emintent mining au
thority, has written for the New York
Engineering and Mining Journal an ex
tensive and interesting account of the
Iron Mountain mine of the Mountain Cop
per Company, in Shasta County, which is
being operated on bo large a scale.
The ore deposit, he Bays, is part of a
great lode, in some places hundreds . of
feet wide. The mine proper consists of a
great lens of ore roughly shaped; like a
ship's hull that has been . thoroughly
mapped and explored, It is estimated to
contain 1,750,000 tons of sulphides. There
is an excellent prospect of finding similar
ore bodies to the north of it. The fol
lowing is an interesting estimate of the
value of the mine:
"Assuming the correctness of Mr. Hill's
estimates of quantity and richness, the
sulphides contain very nearly 129,000 short
tons of metallic copper. The sulphides
and oxides together have over $3. 0ut), 000 in
gold, and S.tKHhiHH. ounces silver, assuming
there are 1.000.000 tons of workable limo
nlte. Th* total value at present market
prices of the three valuable metals would
be something over $53,000,000. This is
quite enough to make a good mine.
■ "After prolonged study of th*' mine and
its ores 1 concluded that it would require
ten years for the exhaustion of the known
ore body, and that by working on the
plans which I submitted to the company,
an annual net profit of $1,300,000 would be
secured, or $1.1.000.000 in all. The present
worth of this Mini might very reasonably
be taken as the value of the mine, and
this, at the ruling rates of interest, would
be about $9,000,000. This estimate, deal
ing only with the known resources, is
moderate when ■■>. recognize the prob
abilities of the remainder of the great
area which is not yet fully prospected,
but in which ore is known to exist in no
small quantities.
"It can hardly be believed that this mine
laid unappreciated, though not unknown,
through so many years, while an active
search for mineral went on through this
neighborhood and all over the State. For
years, the Iron Mountain mine was
hawked about for a buyer unsuccessfully,
end was eventually sold for $300,000, part
stock, pari cash, to the present owners,
the Mathesons of London, and their asso
ciates."
The news comes this week that the Col
orado company, which is just starting one
great gold dredger on a bench of the
American River at Mississippi Bar six
miles from Folsom. 150 feet above the
river, is planning to construct tin-. or
four more in that region. Other dredging
enterprises are in process of elaboration,
and the Increase of dredgers promises '<<
be rapid. This form of the industry his
great possibilities in California, but like
anything in mining must be handled with
skill and discretion.
Mr. Postlewftite, who is California's
leading authority on the subject, says
"The field for dredging in California is
an immense one. Nearly all the rivers
draining into the Sacramento will pay to
dredge in. parts. There is virgin ground
in the beds. Then the old deposits of tail
ings are often rich, for they lost a good
deal of the poM then. Besides the
benches and old cuannels there are many
basins up in the mountains that would
pay well. Where there is a natural or ar
tificial supply of water within twelve feet
of the surface ground can he worked.
"Ground must first be thoroughly pros
pected. To sink shafts with timbering: and
pumping is costly, if not Impossible. There
is now in use a steam traction prospecting
machine, costing $2000. which will sink
and case a hole several inches in diameter
at a cost of about $3 a foot. Ten to twenty
holes should be sunk in an area of 100
acres, according to the amount of
variations. By sinking, such holes
the average values can be closely
known: there are no risks, and it be
comes a legitimate and safe enterprise,
with no element of speculation.
"Under ordinarily favorable conditions
the cost of dredging will be within three
cents a yard: Hard ground costs more,
because less is handled. Bowlders are
handled, but they lessen the output, and if
the.re are too many large ones. I would
say, 'Don't dredge.' One beauty of a
large amount of ground near Oroville is
that the bed rock is a volcanic ash,
which is easily dug up. It will all be 1
dredged some time. It is noticeable that
most of the money being invested is
Eastern money. thouph Californians are
beginning to make- many Inquiries."
Local mining laws are rapidly being
adopted, as mining districts are organized
again all over the State as a consequence
of the repeal of the State law. Last week
a convention of Tuolumne County miners
was held at th*' courthouse in Sonora "for
the purpose of adopting the old quartz
mining laws made by .-*. similar convention
held in the said dity tf Sonora.on Oc
tober 5, 1572, and also for such other reg
ulations as shall seem proper for the
protection of persons engaged In mining."
In reply to a Los Angeles (Cal.) con
cern that wants to buy from some one
In California 1000 tons of graphite equal
to Ceylon quality, the Mining and Scien
tific Press says that it is believed the or
der cannot lie filled. Practically graphite
does not exist in California in commercial
quantities. There were several San Fran
cisco dealers, but none have produced any
of consequence for a 'ong time. The Cal
ifornia Graphite Company has a deposit
near Cazadero, Sonoma County, but it
has not produced any. The Elkhardt mine
is near Watsons, Mendocino County,
twenty-eight miles from Ukiah, but is a
non-producer, being of too low grade to
be used. There are several small known
deposits in Southern California, none of
which have been utilized.
A mining district that is attracting.con
siderable attention just now lies over in
Nevada to the east of Modoc County, oc
cording to the Redding Free Press. It is
locally known as the Pueblo district, and
is directly on the route of the old over
land immigrant trail. A number of rich
silver and copper strikes have been made
in the district and the sale of one mine,
the Denio, a copper proposition, has lately
been effected. The sale price was the
round sum of $100,000. II is stated that in
early days immigrant trains brought into
California and Oregon samples of ore
extremely rich in silver— so rich, in fact,
that the white metal would run out in
big drops under the blowpipe. It is a for
bidding district to .he prospector, how
ever, owing to the scarcity of water and
lack of transportation facilities.
Shasta County's lead in copper mining
is being followed by a general waking up
as to copper possibilities in other mining
counties, says the Redding Free Press.
Reports from Siskiyou County Indicate
that the people have faith that a copper
smelter there is only a question of a year
or so. as large bodies of copper-bearing
ore are encountered in several districts
of the county. A 40-ton smelter to handle
the ores of the Copper Queen mine is an
assured addition to the wealth-producing
agencies of Trinity County. A copper
smelter Is being erected in Plumas Coun
ty. Several deposits in that county are
under bond and are now being examined
by experts.
"My correspondence." says Fred Grote
fend in the Redding Searchlight, "has re
vealed many inquiries with regard to the
deep ground possibilities of the Coffee
Creek section, and I had an idea that
there would be quite a number of pros
pectors there this summer, but I did not
think they would come as early as April.
1 am reliably informed, however, that for
the past ten days or two weeks fully fif
teen men have gone in there each day,
most of them possessed of a fund of ex
perience and equipped to stay all sum
mer. There is no getting around the
fact that the men who do scientific min
ing are impressed with the possibilities in
existence there. It is the scientific men
who are sending those prospectors there."
Reports of rich strikes and fabulous
finds are getting to be of almost daily
occurrence. No sooner does the excite
ment occasioned by one flnd abate than
another is reported. Thus has it been
for two weeks, and if the discoveries
made in that time in El Dorado County j
hold out the value of gold in the money
market has seen its highest quotations. j
Among the rich discoveries of the past
•week, that made on the ranch of J. M.
Bell at Ringgold is probably as rich as [
any, and owing to its continuity to the I
mother lode belt, quite as important. The
strike was made Monday in the bottom
of an incline shaft only eight feet deep,
in which they had been following a string
er pitching to the ledge. They are still
in the pay streak, which improves with
depth. Specimens brought to town dur-
Ing the week were nearly 50 per cent
gold, and were enough to give anybody
the prospecting itch.— Mountain Demo
crat.
The Washington mining district is en
joying quite a quartz boom at present,
and lias entered upon a systematic course
of development that it has never enjoyed
before, says the Placer County Leader.
Among the best developed mines is the
California. There has been a tunnel
driven in the mountain that cuts the vein
at a depth of 700 feet. The tunnel is
2100 feet in length, and the ledge where j
it was cut is 30 feet wide. The ore aver
ages about $*'. per ton. and is worked by a I
20-stamp mill at present, but the com
pany Intends to erect twenty more stamps
this spring. fykffffyy . .
A San Francisco company is develop
ing the Grant King mine in Placer
County. They have a very large ledge of
low-grade ore, but are so situated as to be
able to handle their ore at a very low fig
ure The same company is also develop
ing the Dillon mines, "hey have a tun
nel in on the vein 400 feet, with a depth
of about 250 feet. They also own a very
tin.- water ditch that will furnish ample
power at a very low cost, enabling them
to work very low-grade ore at a profit.
The revival of operations at the Strahle
Slate Quarry near this city will be wel- j
come news to all, says the Placerville •
Nugget. It is hoped that the quarry will
soon be operated to its full capacity.
There is no reason why the splendid slate I
quarries in the near vicinity of the city
should not supply all the slate roofing for
the western half of the United States, and
with proper management and develop
ment the day will come when they will
do so. ''■-.
This week the work of putting in twenty
more stamps at the Dutch mine in
Tuolumne County will begin, which when
finished will give the mine a complement
of forty stamps. The underground work
ings afe reported as good and rich as
ever. yf yy
It is reported in Tuolumne County that
an attempt will be made to find financial
backing to run a tunnel from Moccasin
Creek, that is to be three miles long, and
tap the mother lode at a great depth.
A company of San Francisco capitalists
is spending $20,000 in putting in a hydraulic
elevator to work the tailings from the old
Cherokee drift mine in Butte County. •
It is reported by the Auburn Republican
that at Whisky Diggings, near Lincoln,
the day shift in the copper mine, located
near that place, took out $1500 worth of
copper ore in one day recently.
Captain Thomas Mem goes this week to
the Treadwell mine, Douglas Island.
Alaska, of which property he is general
manager. , '-■ y "■.
There Is talk that the Yellow Aster
mines at Randsburg. the richest and best
developed of that district, have been sold
to Captain de Lamar and associates for
$3,000,000. The property was recently ex
amined by Victor A. Clement, formerly
associated with John Hays Hammond in
the Transvaal. .;•_'. v.
A new electric company expects to sup
ply electric power to operate the gold
dredgers about Oroville. J. O. DENNY-
TRUMAN CONTEMPT CASE.
Supreme Justices Suggest That Man
damus Would Have Been
Better. .
The case of I. ,T. Truman, the Treasurer,
on habeas corpus was on hearing before
the Justices of the Supreme Court yes
terday and taken under advisement. Con
siderable interest has been manifested in
the matter, because it is not every day
that the Treasurer of a city is adjudged
guilty of contempt of court. Joseph P.
Stevens Is the official reporter in the de
partment of the Superior Court presided
over by Judge Cook. The latter gave, the
reporter an order on the treasury for $117
salary due. but the Treasurer refused to
honor the same. Ha claimed that there
was no money In the fund from which
such orders or warrants are cashed.
Judge Cook asserted that there was am
ple money, for Instance, the general fund,
in the possession of the Treasurer for the
payment of court reporters and he found
Treasurer Truman guilty of contempt for
refusing to honor the demand a".. 1 ordered
tin- city official into tin. custody of the
Sheriff until the money was paid. To this
decision Mr. Truman took exceptions and
appealed for relief to the Supreme Court.
lie obtained a writ of habeas corpus and
when the matter was up for consideration
yesterday li.' took th.- position that he
COUld not legally pay the amount of the
order from the funds set aside for that
purpose. Also that tha order should have
been passe. upon by the Auditor before
the Treasurer could honor it. While the
higher court reserved its decision it in
timated that perhaps mandamus proceed
ings would have served the purpose of the
lower court better Than contempt pro
ceedings. 7_ ; -: . .7.V 7-;;
Reports Received on Indian Work.
The San Francisco Protestant Indian
Association held Its quarterly meeting at
717 Post street yesterday afternoon. Mrs.
J. D. Spencer occupied the chair and Miss
M C. Willey acted as secretary. Reports
were read from Pliny E. Goddard. super
intendent of the Indian mission at Fall
River Mills, Humboldt County, and
showed much advancement in the work
of civilizing and educating the dark
skins. A motion was made that a Christ
mas box be prepared and forwarded to
the reservation. Material contributed for
the preparation thereof may be left at 132
McAllister street. Any material for fancy
or lace work may be contributed at the
same address. . yf-'f-f: y
Foster Perjury Case.
The case of Fred Foster, the horseman
charged with perjury on the complaint
of- A. Howard, the Australian plunger,
was called In Judge Mogan's Court yes
terday. Foster was instructed and ar
raigned, and by consent the hearing was
set for May 8. :• ■
GROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Rev. J. C. Burgess of Danville is stay
ing at the Occidental.
D. C. Page, an extensive fruit grower of
Vacaville, is at the Russ.
D. R. Cameron, a fruit shipper of Han
ford, is a guest at the Lick.
James Williams, an insurance man of
Denver, is located at the Occidental.
Charles M. Coglan, secretary of the
Board of Equalization, is at the Lick.
Henry G. Hawes of Santa Barbara is
at* the California, accompanied by his
wife.
Mrs. J. Harpst, wife of a prominent
lumber dealer of Areata, is at the Occi
dental.
Judge L. L. Chamberlain, former Dis
trict Attorney of Auburn, is a guest at
the Grand.
D. A. Matheson. a Chico merchant, and
S. W. Kenyon, a Fresno hotel keeper, are
late arrivals at the Grand.
James Cuzner, a Los Angeles merchant,
and H. D. C. Barnhart, a Santa Cruz
cattle dealer, are registered at the Lick.
Mrs. S. Farnsworth. who is prominent
in Council Bluffs society, is registered at
the Occidental with her two daughters.
Dr. William L. Hood of His Oak Flat,
Tuolumne County, and J. E. Prewett, an
attorney of Auburn, are staying at the
Grand.
F. L. Stimson and E. T. Stimson, capi
talists respectively of Seattle and Los An
geles, are registered at the Palace with
their wives.
E. Heldmaier, who has the contract for
the construction of the breakwater in
San Pedro harbor, is making the Palace
his headquarters.
C. C. Wheeler of Alameda has returned
with his wife from Fresno, where he
possesses large land interests, and has en
gaged rooms at the Russ.
Lewis Seasongood, a banker of Cin
cinnati, returned yesterday with his fam
ily from Monterey, where they have been
sojourning for several weeks, and en
gaged apartments at the Palace.
M. Wright, London solicitor for Lady
Hesketh, daughter of the late Senator
Sharon, left New York yesterday for this
city. Mr. Wright is coming here to look
after the interests of his client in the
Sharon Estate Company. Congressman
Francis G. Newlands of Nevada will ac
company him to this coast.
Edwin B. Hay, past grand exalted ruler
of the Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks, will arrive in this city on Friday
next from Washington, D. C. He comes
at the request of Grand Exalted Ruler
Calvin to look over and report the condi
tion of the organization throughout the
State, and to make arrangements for a
large local representation of Elks at their
big excursion to St. Louis in June.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The following
Californians are registered: Mrs. Emile
Sutro. Miss Eva R. Castle, Miss May A.
Farquharson, San Francisco; Mrs. M. E.
Crocket, Los Angeles, at Fifth Avenue.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MIZPAH-A Subscriber, City. The
meaning of "Mizpah" is fully explained
in the Bible— Genesis, xxxi:49.
THE DEPOSED CHIEF— H. C. Oak
land, Cal. The Samoan chief who was
banished in 1888 was Malietoa.
LOS ANGELES AND OAKLAND— J.
W. W., Sunol, Cal. According to the last
taken census, which was that of 1890, the
population of Los Angeles was 50,395 and
that of Oakland was 4S.GS2.
CONSUMPTIVE PATIENTS —F. J.,
City. Both Dr. Hirschfelder and Dr. Day
walt treated patients in this city affected
with consumption, by means of a new
process which each discovered.
GRANT— X. S. S., Sacramento, Cal.
It is asserted that I*. S. Grant, recently
a candidate for Senator from California,
supported the Republican party during
the Presidential 'campaign of 1896.
IN THE SIGNAL CORPS— C. H. M.,
Alameda, Cal. A telegraph operator who
wishes to engage in the signal service of
the United States in the expectation of
being sent to Manila should make appli
cation to the signal service office at array
headquarters in the Phelan building, San
Francisco. '
RIGHT OF WAY— J. E., Redwood City,
Cal. If an individual proposes to close
up a roadway which has been in use for
twenty-five years you should commence
an action against him to enjoin him from
carrying out his purpose, and in that way
settle the question as to whether the road
was dedicated to public use.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend'*.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Wedding invitations, visiting cards, flne
stationery and printing at Sanborn &
Vails. *
They had been talking of the war hero.
"When he passed through our town."
said the blonde, triumphantly, "I kissed
him."
"Quite likely," answered the brunette,
"but I never have found it necessary to
take the initiative in such matters."—
Chicago Post. .. '. :
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and ls the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
slow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, 52 50 per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Fadkd hair recovers its. youthful color anj
softness by the use of Parker's Hair Bai bam.
Hjmikhcok.ns, the best car* lor corn* 15 in.
A Freak of Science.
"Did you know that the scientists have
come to the conclusion that a decapitated
head can think, although it cannot
speak?" '■ y-'y ".'.•- .
"That's queer, when it is so much easier
to talk than to think."— Cincinnati En
quirer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A common expression is:
"The human race is grow-
ing weaker and wiser."
That we are growing weak-
er is proved by the large
number of pale, thin and
emaciated people.
That we are growing
wiser may be proved by
overcoming these disorders
with the timely use of
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites which gives strength,
enriches the blood, invigor-
ates the nerves and forms
fat. fy
50c. and fi.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BO\VX__, Chemists, New York.COMPLIED
BECAUSE HE
WAS ESTHETIC
Causes of Rev. Dr. i
Cooke's Downfall. j
DIDN'T PREACH FOR SALARY I
WED POSIES TO THE HANDLE- b
BAR OF HIS WHEEL.
Trinity's Ex-Minister and His I
Friends Have Stirred Up a Pret- < :
ty Roy,. Among the Con
gregation. :
..■ i ■■■-■ ■*. .
Rev. '""• Cooke, the recently deposed
pastor of Trinity Church, is preparing for
an early departure, and will leave shortly
lor his former home In New Hampshire.
blnce the reverend gentleman and the
■vestry agreed to disagree there has been
much gossiping as to the whys and
•wherefores that caused the vestry to act
po summarily. It [ a known thai dissatis
faction with the pastor dated back many
months and that Dr. Cooke was not
ignorant of the dissension his presence in
the church caused among the parishion
ers. At that early flay Dr. Cooke earn
estly desired an Investigation and offered
to withdraw if thai appeared to the
vestry to be the wisest plan. In the tem
pest in the Trinity teapot Dr. Cooke found
some warm adherents, but many dissatis
fied ones who resented the Innovations he
was pleased to make and In general found
fault with the pastor, his methods and
his personal tastes. It is alleged that
even his love for the dainty and the
beautiful fell under their displeasure, and
they grumblingly complained when the
man who should have been their spiritual
advisor tied a fragrant hunch of blos
soms to the handle-bar of his bicycle.
Dr. Cooke is the son of Jaj Cooke, the
noted financier, and consequently well
provided with this world's Roods; yet
when the reverend gentleman expressed
himself as not In the church for salary
those who made that salary possible
looked upon this statement as a personal
affront and registered another 'kick"
against their pastor.
However, the vestry has chosen to over
look Dr. Cooke's monetary principles and
have paid over to the gentleman $750— $2.">0
salary for the month, allowed as a vaca
tion, and $.100 as a godspeed.
No action has as yet been taken to ap
point a successor to Dr. Cooke. It is a
matter In which the vestry has decided
to act with extreme care. Rev. Mr. Han
son will till the pulpit until a man is
chosen, and it has been decided that there
is no cause for hurry in the matter.
A debt of $2000 hung over the church
when Dr. Cooke was call( and during
his administration the debt has grown
to J7OOO. These figures, however, are not
causing the vestry any anxiety, and they
claim there will be no trouble in canceling
the entire debt. One cause for genuine re
joicing is the return of C. V. S. Gibbs to
the church. Mr. Gibbs was one of Dr.
Cooke's most bitter enemies— an enmity
not founded upon any personal dislike but
based entirely upon Mr. Glbbs' inability
to hear and understand the pastor.
Gibbs, who. by the way. is the only one
left of the original founders of he church.
did not give up his pew during Cooke's
term, but discontinued to attend worship
at the church he waa instrumental in
founding nearly fifty .years ago.
PRETTY HOUSE WEDDING.
Harry M. Campe and Miss Annie J.
Hoffman Are United in
Marriage.
Harry M. Campe and Miss Annie J.
Hoffman were married yesterday after
noon by Rev. J. H. Sehroeder it the resi
dence of the parents of the bridegroom,
20 Devisadero street. The ceremony took
place in the parlor, which was handsomely
dt-corattd for the occasion, only the imme
diate friends and relatives of the contract
ing parties being present. The bride was
attended by h*-r sister, Miss Sadie Hoff
man, as bridesmaid, and J. A. Klein was
best man. The couple were preceded to
the extemporized altar by Master George
Campe and Irma tegelken, bearing beau
tiful bouquets of flowers. Immediately
after the ceremony an informal reception
was held, followed by a wedding break
fast, at the conclusion of which the happy
couple departed on a wedding tour
through Lake and Mendocino counties.
They will return to this city In about
three weeks and will be at home at 1128
Hayes street.
The bride and groom are both natives
of San Francisco. The former is engaged
in business with his father, H. Campe,
the wholesale wine and liquor dealer at
2:H-22fi Front street. He Is president of
the Travelers' Protective Association of
the United States, past president of Al
catraz Parlor. N*. S. G. W. - ! member of the
Elks and member of Occidental Lodge, F.
and A. M. Mrs. Campe is the daughter
of Mrs. Catherine Hoffman, 1519 Howard
street, and has long been popular among
a large circle of acquaintances.
Most men are too modest to admit the
size of their faults.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HALF BLIND FROM
ECZEMA
Three Children Afflicted. Whole
Bodies and Faces Sore, Raw
and Bloody Mass.
Tried Doctor after Doctor for
20 Months Without Slightest
Relief. Crying Constantly.
Couldn't Sleep. Tried CUTICURA.
First Application Gave Relief.
Cured in Fourteen Days.
Mv second child got eczema when seven
months 'old. Three months later my first child
fjot it. and following him, the last one, two
year 3 old, fell a victim. For twenty months
they suffered fearful agony J Their whole bod-
ies, especially their faces, were ao lore and
raw that the - -,!*- ones were blind half tho
time. No words can describe the suffering of
my second child, whose whole body waa one
bloody mass. He wasconstantly crying, could
pet no sleep, and he actually did not look hu-
man. 1 tried doctor after doctor, but none af-
forded the slightest relief. I decided to try
CUTICUBA' The first application brought re-
lief in each case, and after fourteen days'
treatment with Cuticura Soap and Cuti-
* 1 ka (ointment), the worst case was cured,
and the whole neighborhood is prised at
the wonderful effect of Cuticura. I continue
the use of CCTHWRA Soap for the children,
because it makes the little ones look splendid.
Nov. 28, l»y«. Mrs. ANNIE KING,
515 E. 17th St., New York City.
Iq all the world there is no other treatment so
nure so sweet, so speedily effective for distressing
_k:u humor* of Infants and children aa Cotiouba,
greatest of skin cures, blood purifiers, and humor
remedies. A warm bath with Cdticura Soap,
and a single anointing with Ccticuba (ointment)
purest of emollient skin cure., will afford instant
relief, permit rest and sleep to both parent and
chid, and point to a speedy, permanent, and
economical cure, when all else falls.
_^:»r^
FACE HUMORS » «c^ p o AT udb,
BUSINESS COULD WOT
STAY THE WEDDING
.Miss Jlmy Eviline Worthington, a Baltimore
Belle, and Jlrtl^ur W. Crawford .Married
at St Luke's
•* II ISS AMY EVILINE WORTH
-0 /Vl INQTON, a Baltimore belle, and
♦s *» "*• Arthur W. Crawford; a promi
v nent young business man of New
!b York, joined hearts and hands on
J* Wednesday lust at St. Luke's. Rev.
v Mr. Shaw officiating at tin- impressive
•j ceremony.
Z Although the weddthg was an ex
's tremely quiet one, both bride and
\ groom being strangers on this coast,
'-. much care was taken to make the
58 church beautiful for the occasion. Ex
.;• uislte exotics decorated the altar ami
.* cordons of tender ferns and vines
w twined the altar rail.
88 The young couple were unattended.
A The bride, a representative belle of
.?
iv'.v'.o'.v'.o \ o\v »..:•%■«:• v:>\ov:":-'
ACCUSATION OF
CONSPIRACY NOT
WELL FOUNDED
The Bank Freed From
Blame.
RIGHTS OF ALL CREDITORS
JUDGE DE HAVEN'S OPINION IN
INSOLVENCY.
i The Affairs of Francis, Valentine &
Co. in Involuntary Bankruptcy
Finally Disposed Of by the
Federal Court.
United States District Judge de Haven
rendered a decision yesterday in the mat
ter of the Insolvency of Francis. Valen
tine & <'•!. Some months ago Blake, Mof
fitt & Towne and other creditors filed a
petition in the United States District
Court to throw Francis, Valentine & Co.
into involuntary insolvency. The petition
alleged that the respondents had com
mitted an act of insolvency in allowing
themselves to be attached by the Dono
hoe-Kelly Banking Company and that the
bank and the respondents had engaged in
a conspiracy to have the bank enjoy a
preference over th*- rest of the creditors.
Judge de Haven decided that the allega
tions in tie- complaint were true with the
exception of that which charged conspir
acy on the part of th*- bank against the
other creditors; but tie- court found that
the action was commenced and the at
tachment levied upon the property of the
Francis-Valentine Company for the pur
pose of securing judgment for the amount
due from the Francis- Valentine Company
to the bank for the satisfaction of such
judgment out of the property attached,
and at all times mentioned in the com
plaint the said Francis- Valentine Com
pany was insolvent and in contemplation
of bankruptcy, and that the Donohoe-
Kelley Banking Company had knowledge
thereof and knew that if it succeeded in
obtaining a judgment it would thereby
obtain preference over the other creditors
of Francis, Valentine & Co. The restrain
ing order was therefore dissolved and
Trustee William D. Scurlock was given
full power to close up the affairs of the
estate.
j The case has been all the more interest
! ing because of the fact that the alleged
act of Insolvency was committed just
before the Federal bankruptcy law went
into effect. Tin remaining creditors tiled
the petition in the United States District
Court among the first, and at one time
there threatened to be a contest on the
matter of Jurisdiction; but the United
States District Court took hold of the
affair and restrained Sheriff Whelan from
interfering with tin- trustee in disposing
of the property of the insolvent firm.
With this decision the suit has been
: practically wound up.
HELD A NIGHT SESSION.
Judge Groezinger Listens to testi
mony in the Wong Tang Per
jury Case. "
Judge Groezinger held a night session
last evening with a view to disposing of
the case of Wong Tang, charged with
perjury, but was unable to finish the case
owing to the lengthy examination of wit
nesses and the number subpenaed.
' Wong Tang was arrested at the Instiga
tion of Ong Foon. a member of the Chi
nese Educational Society, who was ac
quitted of murder by a jury In Santa
Rosa a month ago. <ni*i Foon, the com
plaining witness in the Police Court pro
,.. dings, claims that Wong Tang commit
ted perjury on the trial of himself for al
leged extortion a few months ago. The
case has been hanging lire owing to the
absence of ting Foon in Santa Rosa. On
his return to this city he took the matter
up. as Wong Tang had testified against
him at the murder trial.
Wong Tang was placed on the stand last
night and examined at length by his at
torney, Arthur E. Mack. The other wit
nesses called were George Downey and
Gut Finn, two Chinatown watchmen. The
case will go on again to-morrow at noon.
Fired at the Seals.
John Powers and Frank Daly, two
young men on a visit from Dcs Moines,
lowa, went to the Cliff House Sunday and
amused themselves by firing at the seals
with revolvers. They were arrested and
THE SA_N FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
a city noted for its beautiful women,
wore a handsome 'jray tailor gown,
the severe lines of the costume accent
uating to perfection her. exquisite fig
ure, A chic little hat in tones to match
the gown completed fche costume.
Mr. and Mrs. Crawford have gone to
San fa el tor a short stay, after
wiii*h they will spend several weeks
at Monterey, returning to San Rafael
to remain during the summer months.
Early in the fall the young couple will
go to New York. . where the business
interests of the groom are centered.
Mrs. Crawford is a daughter of one
of th.- oldest and must distinguished
Baltimore families, being the grand
daughter of the noted diplomat, Judge
••.*• •.'-•'..:> ?;o?i o \ 0 •* ■:■ K0880 ?;o?;o!*
1 appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday.
They explained that they were merely
amusing theme - by liring at the
water, but although not accepting their
! explanation the Jud^e - missed the case,
| as the police touched for their respecta
-1 bility.
■ » .
REORGANIZATION SALE IS ON.
The Immense Establishment of J. J. :
O'Brien & Co. Is Thronged With
Intending Purchasers.
The reorganization sale of J. J. O'Rrien
<Sr Co. commenced yesterday and proved
a success beyond all expectations. The
mammoth store was thronged through
out the day and all departments were lib
j erally patronized.
The ladles in particular seemed to ap
preciate the value of th.- bargains offered
them, and many were heard expressing
their Intention to return and patronize
the establishment more extensively. The
sales were so large In volume that many
packages could not be delivered last
night, the capacity of the many delivery
wagons not being equal to the occasion.
The Immense stock of the establish
ment has been shown to the best advan
tage, so that Intending purchasers In
quest of bargains have no difficulty in
finding articles to suit their fancy, no
matter in what direction may run their
tastes.
Judge Treadwell Is Better.
lice Judge A. B. 'i read Well of De
partment 1. who has been absent from
the bench for neariv three months on
account of Illness, is reported to be well
on the road to recovery, and expects to
resume his official duties In a short time.
The Judge is able to be out of doors, and
on Sunday took quite a walk around
Sausalito. He is somewhat emaciated
but is rapidly rounding Into shape after
ids long illnpss.
"Pegamoid" .1.1. latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle Kc. Pegamoid. •'>:! Chronicle bldg.*
The Old Chinese Trick.
Wong Tie, a highbinder, was detected
yesterday by inspector Nicholson In the
act of passing a letter to a Chinawoman
in the detention shed on the Mail dock
The letter was wrapped around a tooth
brush and this in turn was wrapped with
pink paper of the same color of th*' letter
"Wong Tie was placed in the Conntv Jail
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THERE are women everywhere who suffer almost con-
stantly because they cannot bring themselves to tell
all about their ills to a physician.
Such women can surely explain their symptoms and their
suffering by letter to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., for the con-
___. : — . fidence reposed in her has never been
__n fl/__##B4_L_f_7_J3 EL& violated. Over a million women have
Arm WW %_¥ Kwm AnkMW been helped by her advice and medicine.
«■■»■ /TOtfa Mrs. Pinkham in attending to her vast
■ fiiL_rv correspondence is assisted by women
IM/llAflll only - If you are ill, don't delay. Her
WW%MiwmmLav reply will cost you nothing and it will be a
— 1 practical help as it was to Miss Ella E.
Brenner, 1 East Rochester, Ohio, who says: "I shrunk from
the ordeal of examination by our physician, yet I knew I must
have treatment. My troubles were backache, nervous tired
feeling, painful menstruation and Ksnj^^B^K^^^S^^^Sr
lcucorrhcea. I am so grateful
to you now that lam willing to fo^IBSHBH! <SH____ST : _ '-' ■•ffk%
have my name published to help pji^HH H b ib'^'bi
other girls to take their troubles fifQjL I 'i§^%ll
to you. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- fe^J3Hy|fe
table Compound used as you wrote , £~^ s 3Jm^ W___Sfl '$$$&*
me has made me entirely well 7§* JjoKffl V^^j^sl
and very happy. I shall bless b£l • fe^l^ ISSj'jS
you as long as I live." (<£ s^Br^'li ':*
Mrs, Pinkham receives thou- V/^ 5^ J ? I^^,;^
sands of such letters from grate- .-> j\ /jQ CX\ £»©
ful women. / Ym //f H> pj\ vl
Miss Nellie Russell, of /^Z^lX\ //Lt ( 7 jx Vvi
138 Grace St., Pittsburg, Pa., /j^Wfti/f/ % & A %
in a letter to Mrs. Pink- Yc^l^S lr\y<{4 r-i\S\
ham says: "From child 45^Hb\!n/ Hj VI
hood I suffered from kidney 9 (^ s^_* A
trouble and as I grew older JTrT* &jaflnJs
my troubles increased hay- *-* '*"4l('i \,, ' Kx^^^ffl-ra 1
ing intense pain running \i_mf'^H : ' : -
from my waist to my womb and the ""*^^3pill
menses were very painful. One day, ~ff^V~~*___Wr%i
seeing your advertisement in one of -*-^^- ___L____r^7____l
our papers, I wrote to you. -—" >fZsgs&s_ &ss%&
"When your reply came I began taking 'v'nHJßft : ''^l__y
your Compound and followed your advice Sp^t) i&W
and am now in perfect health, and would ad- ywl jjr
vise any lady rich or poor to take Lydia E. '
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which I can praise above all
other remedies. It is a wonderful help to *"omen-"
Worthington, who was Embassador to £ j
France and holder of other diplomatic +' !
and civil offices. Her father, R. Con- 0 I
tee Worthington, was a broker of note »_* j
in Baltimore. Mr. Crawford is the fi
son of the manager of the Chicago *-\
department of the American Wire and j« :
pi Steel Trust, with which concern Mr. 0
Crawford is indirectly connected, ids 88 I
business at this, time demanding his £. i
presence on this coast. •
The 'young couple being averse to 8
changing the happy day, which had V
been Bet for April 26, the bride came U
with her mother to the city to be ?%'
united to the man of her choice. Mr. "•
Crawford's mother a:so came from her }>>
home in the East and was present at ci ,
the wedding. V
•
088088C8SO ?iO!i O % O •. *:> 88C880 8808805S«
I to await the result of the Interpretation
of the letter by the Chinese Bureau.
— ~^-.
OLYMPIC CLUB IS TO
HAVE BAR AND GRILL
DIRECTORS DECIDE THE VEXED
QUESTION.
_ .
Club Is Divided, Some Eager for the
New Accommodation, Others
Oppose It.
-.7
After several months of deliberation the '
directors of the Olympic Club have at
last decided to add a bar and grillroom to !
the club's accommodations. This propo
sition has been under consideration for
some time, as the pinion of the club was
divided m regard to the introduction of
a bar.
There are still two well-defined parties
In th.- club, sunn- who advocate the Intro
auction of the bar and others who violent
ly oppose ii. One side claims that alco
hol should not be used Internally in an
athletic club because it is likely to prove
a peril among the younger members. They
fear that the bar privileges will be
abused and that the morale of the club
will be destroyed.
As yet arrangements for th.- new bar
flnd grill have not been perfected. It is
very likely that the privilege will be given
t< John Tate, the present steward of the
University Club. He is a man of large ,-•<
perience as a caterer und has applied for
th.- privilege at the Olympic Club
Flemish oak with, ivory ornaments, Jap
anese gray, old Dutch, Persian green,
bone black, gold leaf, gold bronze and
English oak moldings for picture frames
In beautiful new designs at Sanborn &
\ails, *4i Market street. *
Suicide of a Captain.
Loren Thomson, captain and part
owner of the scow schooners Sycamore
and Harvest Queen, shot ami Instantly
killed himself in a lodging house at 207
Steuart street last night. It is supposed
that despondency, due to business rea
sons, led him to take his life. li.- pur
chased the pistol and box of cartridges In
a pawn shop yesterday afternoon. Thompi
son was .0 years of age and a native of
Denmark. He leaves no family.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^_
— . ■ ; ; -
i+ + ttfff^.f>.>t +i + t-t-t-ftti + f-fffi>ti + +'+ ♦"♦ + ♦; t..+l+.t ■'♦-♦ I♦l1 ♦ 1 ■■♦ ♦-_*_ t + **" .**" ♦
l $aw The Plain Truth Leads to Success. This *> usiness was J
♦ A/4vn I^4 started one year ♦
+ -^^^^b^.Eidb^^^ ago- It was begun in a modest way, but in way that +
"*" I""" >S:uir in value, 1 as impressed itself forcibly upon the minds of many. +
♦ I merit in service, Day by day, week by week, month by month, this
♦ IL^SnS^^^^gJ, store's popularity increased, and now it ranks with ♦
- . . sss..--* •-.•' ~3_~-'____i_:'__7'__^__T-___r I-. i
+ ■ [ T ?7T?""T^rTTr.' those most prominent before the public. Plain truth, +
♦ I WEINSTOCK*! good merchandising, the best possible service, have .+
♦ ' I IJRIN accomplished in one short year what often takes a +
+ i cro I lifetime. The confidence we have sought for we have ♦
+i I &!_,-. j gamed — gained it in a straightforward way. +
: \«/ To-Day at 10 0 Clock. :
+ >y*§s*# 7 ♦
♦ HATS FROM Popular Dress Ginghams, 5c yd. :
V "T) A OTO Two former Gingham sales have met with such pronounced +
+ 1 Xrixiii* success that a third lot has been procured. The designs and +
♦ *r,. . , ,_. _. • t? colorings are the choicest yet offered. The new stripes in pinks "f
+ Th« importation contain, Fon- - g n neat checks and , arger , aids _ little can be >
+ nets, Toqu:s f Turbans and Hats, about ' the pricef it speaks for itself. The quality will please t
♦ such as are worn m Pans to-day. the shrewdest £ uver . When m .de into waists, dresses, wrap- J
XS% 4 tinm ' C r? pers and children's gowns these Ginghams will serve as lasting^
♦ $5.00, $7.50 and $10.00 each. advertisements. We want your good will. Offers of this kind +
: ONE HUNDRED HATS wi " not on ' y f ure but hold '" • ,__ . *
x $5.00 Each. Also at 10 o Clock. :
X MILLINERY DEPARTMENT. CorSetS 24c *
■* Ladies' Covert Cloth Jacket, ADrab Corset with hooks . Can be recommended for
_». in pretty shade of tan, velvet collar, , -•• .. L, of „, „,:„.. -♦-
♦ va- \ _. _: f .-* v- housewear. Aiso suitable for misses. T
> newdipfront, fourrows of itching ■♦-
-4- ail around, lining of colored toff ta, -f
♦ a garment hard to excel in 07 Cft Agents for the popular Centemeri Gloves $1.50 pair +
♦ style or value; sizes 32 1 iOU La Pucelle. A splendid glove. Every pair fitted. . .$l.OO pair +
I Weinstock, Lubin & Co. :
>y ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦.♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
1 gau FOR
jl FIXE TAILORING
/mmk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
§FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
MWtMm 25 per cent Less than Other
H W&ffiM Tailors Charge, Go tc
JOE POHEIi
/ llil All Wool SuiUtocNO ... (J*QC
/ f' If Order irom 4>oo
111 Pants from . $4 to $I 0
%i 4*Gs^-3b. 20 ' and 203 Montgomery St.,
J-*" moand 1112 Market St., S.F.
4-85 >4th STREET, OAKLAND, Cal.
SWEET Use /**&
RESTFUL Woodtar y' s fc^s
I SLEEP Facial Soap
! Follows a hath with WOODBURY'S Facial
i Soap, and the face, neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURY'S Facial Cream. For sale
everywhere. .',7 ii
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
F»rii, J. ESP C : New York, E. rOUQERA a CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR STS
TO-NIGHT (WEDNESDAY) AT 8:15,
LAST WKEK OF
CAPTAIN SWIFT
FAREWELL MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Monday, May S. First Production of Clay
, M. Greene's Farcical Comedy. Untitled.
"HiS JAPANESE WIFE."
SEATS NOW OX SALE.-
-! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
' Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT. AT 8 SHARP.
j S7th Time of the Japanese Successful Musical
riay-87th
THE GEISHA
A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE
ONLY SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2 P. M.
NEXT— "ORPHEUS AND EURYDICE."
PRICES - ■ 25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone Bush 9.
THIRD AN UAL
DOG SHOW!
MECHANICS'. PAVILION,
, MAY 3, 4, 5, 6, 1899.
Nearly $5003 in Cash and Trophies.
PRIZE-WINNING DOGS FROM ALL OVER
THE UNITED STATES.
Open from 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. Dally.
ADMlSSlON— Afrernoons. 27>0: Evenings. 50c.
Children, Half Price.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL Ci_Uß.
H. H. CARLTON. Secretary.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
A -wonderfully realistic representation of the
greatest sea battle ever fought. ' fff'fif-
The spectator stands near Dewey on the
bridge, while the contest rages all around.
Surpasses the panoramas of Waterloo and
Gettysburg in scope and present interest.
Market Street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 60c; ; Children, 26c.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY,"" WEDNESDAY, MAY 3.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; children
10c, any part.
Direct from Europe, the Famous and Beau-
tiful
HAWTHORNE SISTERS,
In the Charming Japanese Romance. "THE
WILLOW PATTERN PLATE."
VALDARES. Trick Bicyclists.
4 NELSON SISTERS, Acrobats.
DILLON BROS.. Q. W. DAY. THE ANDER-
SONS. JACKLEY WONDERS.
Last Week of LILLIAN BURKHART AND
COMPANY.
In "MY AUNT'S ADVICE."
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
ROLAND REED
Accompanied by ISADORE RUSH.
The Eccentric Comedy. THE
WOMAN - HATER.
Reed as the Misogynist— Reed as the Bigamist-
Reed as the Trigamißt—
Reed as the Lunatic.
Next Monday— Charles Frohman's great com-
pany in the Comedy Success,
'•<_» AMD OFF "
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE GREEN 861.
EVERY EVENING AT S.
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY,
IN
EJLCAJPITAJ^
The Greatest Comic Opera Triumph of Many
Tears. Received Nightly by Crowded Houses
With Cheers and Enthusiastic Demonstrations
of Approval.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
OUR OLD PRICES ...25 AND 50 CENTS.
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. .
BIG BILL OF EASTERN SPECIALTIES.
THE BROWNING SISTERS,
Singing and Dancing Comediennes.
Continued Success of the New York Sensation,
QUERITA VINCENT,
In Songs and Her Unique and Original Dances.
DOLLIE MITCHELL,
Dancing Soubrette.
ED. DOLAN,
Irish Comedian.
AND GREAT SPECIALTY COMPANY.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERTS ANI; BEoOBTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) NIGHT,
Amateur Cake Walk of All Nations!
• Saturday Night— Benefit, by and for
THE. lOWA MINSTRELS!
Reserved Seats by Phone. Steiner 1861.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
SUTRO BATHS. /
OPEN NIGHTS
Open Daily From ' 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including admission. ttcj children, 20c.
OCE-xN TBAVEL.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Moil Steamships
Sail from New York Every Saturday for
Glasgow, via Londonderry .
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome, $35. Other Steamers. *30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. (25.50. Furnessla. $24.60. Other
Strs., $23 .50.
For Book or Tours and information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. New York.
Or J. F. FUGAZI, 5 Montgomery St..
Or L. F. COCKROFT, 114 Montgomery St..
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st.
SAN FRANCISCO. -
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ,*-©*».
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. VJE tt3Tp
from Pier *i. North River, foot of S^"S__?™
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, May
6; LA CHAMPAGNE May IS; LA BRETAGNE.
May 20; LA TOURAINE. May 27: LA GAS-
COGNE, June 3. First-class to Havre, 165 and
upward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,
Paclflc Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco. 1
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
»^ Steamers leave Broadway
|Sjbj_^ wharf, San Francisco:
; t§R_iS_B__-. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
i iiPSSil?** Ma - V '■ c ' n - 1G - 21 - 26 ' S,:
IfS __?___Y§£^i June 5; change at Seattle.
' BR^£9B For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
N C_e________l C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
i**><3^2yP?y_l Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
*"* 10 a. m.. May 1. 6, 11, 16. 21.
26, 31; June 5, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. May 4.
ft, 14, 19. 24, 29; June 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., May 4, 8, 12. 16, 20. 24, 28;
June 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara , Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. May 2, 6, 10. 14, IS. 22. 26. 30; June 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Ray, Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, B. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear- Wharf at 10 a. m.
FAR? •*' 2 First Class Including Berths
IHriL $8 Second Class and Meals,
Columbia sails April 23: May. 3. 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8.
18, 18.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points ln the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
- 630 Market street
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, FARM.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May list. Lo"'.s May 24
Paris Mar li Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 |St Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland May SlWpsternland May 24
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17 I Noordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamet
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on op About May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East st
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. May •
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, Juns I
NIPPON MARC Tuesday, June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
f_g_f______lM_____fl The S- S. Australia
DEARIE "a" 3 for Honolulu
«■"*•■■■* Thursday, May 4. at
_a__X^"l'^N S. S. Moana sails
2sfMnrc|lMe} via Honolulu and
CylCaillJlllU^ Auckland for Sydney
(Ofnß3r_.U- Wednesday. May *
VV-.iiip'Uibq at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
1. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Otflce. 327 Market St.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
' Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
Ip. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30* a. m., Bp. m.
Landing and office. Mission-street Dock, Pier
No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE Wo
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY" OF THE MARKETS.
Silver continues to fall back.
Mexican dollars lower.
Sterling Exchange higher.
New York Exchange advanced. i
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats steady. Corn flrm and Rye dull.
riour and MillstufTs unchanged.
New Alfalfa Hay appeared.
Beans dull and unchanged.
Some variations in Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions weak,
Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Cheese weak. Eggs steady.
Three cars of ..-tern Poultry in.
Cherries continue in light supply.
Citrus fruits unchanged.
Dried fruits as before.
H.ims and Lard firm and Bacon easy.
Hides and Tallow quiet and steady.
Wool in moderate demand. '
Hops still dull. j
pork no higher. Beef easy.
Oils unchanged.
IMPORTS OF GROCERIES.
Imrorts of staple groceries at this port thus j
far this year are as follows, compared with
the same* time ln IS3S: Of Sugar. 80,289,000
pounds, against 51.000.000; Cortee, 8,490.800
pounds, aeainst 7.155,0'i0; Rice, 22,344,000 pounds,
aeainst 21.ti76,000; Tea, 1.247.527 pounds, against
735.373.
RECEIPTS OF COAL.
Receipts of coal at this port thus far this year
amount to 4*54, 017 tons, against 439.047 tons dur
ing the same time ln IsSs. and consist chiefly
of 219. "21 tons from Puget Sound and 13..529
tons from British Columbia.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller
reports stocks cf grain .'• wharf and in ware
house May l as follows, ln tons:
April 1. May 1.
Wheat. Port Costa ,321 62.543
Wheat. Stockton 20.315 21,514 '
Wheat, San Francisco 7,260 6.776
Barley. Port Costa , . .. 1.832 1.201
Barley, Stockton . 1.447 i o*3
Barley, San Francisco 8.933 6.736
Oats " 3.'' s « 1,951
Corn 445 204
Bran 27S 36
Re.-eipts In April were 1750 tens Barley. 504
tons Oats, 560 tons Corn and 752 tons Bran.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
The money in circulation in the United States
has more than doubled In the last twenty years,
it has Increased 50 per cent since l.Sfi, and more
than 25 per cent since July 1. 1*36. A tabie
just prepared by the Treasury' Bureau of
Statistics shows that on July 1. 1573. the
amount in circulation was 8515.631.793; on July j
1. ISS3, j1. 373.364, 770. and on April 1, 1*33,
$1,927,816,942. No period ln mir history has I
shown a more rapid growth In the money in
Circulation than the last three years. On July
1. 1596, the beginning of the new flscal year.
the amount in circulation was $1,509,725,200. By
July 1. 1*37. it had reached $1.646.02:., 246, an In
crease of $136,303,046. On July _, 1898, it was
$1,843,435,749, an increase for that year of $197,
--407.503. and at the beginning of last month it
was $L 927,547,942, an Increase in the nine
months of the present tiscal year of $84,411,
--133. The increase since July 1. 1896, has been
at the rate of nearly half a million liars for j
each business day, and luring the past year j
has averaged considerably more than half a
million dollars for each business lay. The per
capita circulation on April I. ' ... was the
largest ever shown at that period of the year
in the history of our country. At that date
11 was, according to the official statement o_
the Treasury Department, $27 45 per capita, j
while that Of April 1. 1898. was $23 63; April 1. ,
U. 57. $23 01. and April 1. 1596. $21 53.
DRIED FRTIT IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says: "Prunes re- I
main steady at about previous range of quota- ,
tions. with trade conflned to comparatively i
small orders from interior distributors. There
have been some offerings of renovated stock. I
which has Injured the sale of the better grades
somewhat; but it is understood that th" light
stocks held by dealers will exert little inlluence
ultimately. It is not the season for heavy de- |
n.and. and trade is limited to small quantities.
Prices are generally firm, though It was said
yesterday that some lots were sold at a slight
reduction from published figures.
••Raisins are virtually unchanged. There I
have been sales recently of some hundreds of j
cases to seeders slightly below the market j
price for ungraded goods, but It was said yes- )
terday that no more were obtainable at the re- i
duced figure. Graded stocks are quiet at about j
previously reported prices. Demand is com- |
parattvely light for all grade?, and the situa- i
tion shows no indication of immediate Improve- j
ment.
"Peaches -ire in the same position as at last
reports. In general, conditions do not change, j
Demand Is restricted hy high prices and
movement is limited to the few small lots in- i
terior distributors take. Prices range at 23
@28c for peeled, with occasional sales up to 30c, |
nnd the tendency is still upward.
"Apricots are in very slight supply, and j
dealings are small. Holders nre not urging
sales, and hich prices nit purchases to actual ;
requirements of consumption." ;
THE LUMBER TRADE.
Paclflc Coast Wood and Iron says of lumber: :
•'The lumber trade circles of the Pacific coast
were never in a more prosperous condition than
at the present writing. California. Oregon and
Washington are a unit In the good ding \
•which prevails, while Arizona mills
are rushed with orders. Prices have
advanced and stand firm ' at pree
ent quotations, with a strong tendency to ad
vance. This Is In the wholesale markets, while •
the retail circles also feel the renewed stimu
lus and prices In their lines have likewise taken
a Jump to the good.
"The mills are running full time and are
crowded with orders, which will necessitate an
unusual activity for some time to come Shin
gle mills are being erected all over California \
and additions to the old mill plants are gen- |
erally being made so that the Ingle output i
can bf Increased. Prices stand it $1 37. but
there seems to be every prospect of an advance
for both plain and fancy grades.
"Building operations in both urban and sub
urban districts have renewed the healthy de- |
manda icr hardwood lumber, and the market I
is healthy along all lines. The quasl-associa- j
Hon still holds its prices In hardwood for cer- |
tain purposes an*l an excellent season is upon i
ar.d before the iocal hardwood Interests.
"Foreign shipments of lumber are numerous
nnd all of the cargoes are large and hold at
good rates. England has renewed her previous
demands, while the Orient. Australia and South
America, together with the Hawaiian Islands, I
fire sending in a steady stream of orders. The I
latter port of receipt has about all the lumber j
lt can utilize for some few mont I to come. I
Advices from the Orient and Vladivostok point ]
toward a good market for Pacific coast woods, I
ami the prices are responsive.
"In the Eastern States the spring trade is :
commencing and the general commercial activ
ity promisee a good year for the lumber trade, j
"The receipts of lumber at San Francisco
were larger in April than in the previous
month, save those from Mendocino County. The
latter show a decrease of 703,033 feet, while i
pine, spruce and fir advanced the figures by j
some 534,000 feet, and both Humboldt and Del '
Norte counties total more than in March.
Taken all In all. the lumber prospects are very
promising and. with advancing prices and en
larging Eastern and foreign calls. a brilliant !
year should be recorded In the history of the
lumber trade of the Ra. ;r)e slope and the West !
ln general."
WEATHER REPORT.
.120 th Meridian -Pacific Time
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California ■ day :
Eureka. ."J. Red Bluff. 70; Sacramento, 6x; |
Mount Tamalpais. 55; Fresno, 68; San Luis
Cblspo. 66; Eos Angeles, 7", San Diego, 62; In
dependence, 58.
San Francisco data -Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 45: mean, '..
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
»sason md rainfall in last 21 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0- r "0 32.73 31.29
Red lift 0.00 19.99 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 14.00 8.87
San Francisco 0.00 18. 00 7.75
Fresno 0.00 7.03 4.13
San Luis Obispo 0.00 Ifi. 4. 6.15
Loa Angeles 0.00 4.31 5.60
Sin Diego 0.00 4.89 4.57
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.63
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is generally cloudy over Wash
ington. Oregon and Idaho and clear over the
remaining portions of the Pacific slope. Light
_*now has fallen over Utah and Idaho, heavy
snow in Northern Montana and rain in North
Dakota.
The pressure changes have been slight along
the immediate Paciflc Coast, but a rapid rise
has taken place over the Rooky Mountain re
gion. An area of high pressure accompanied
by unusually low temperatures .s moving south
ward over Montana.
The temperature has risen over the Pacific
slope except in Arizona, where it has fallen
slightly. • ; ■'■:
Conditions are favorable for fair warmer
w^a'her in California Wednesday.
Forecast made at .an Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight May 3. 1593:
Northern California- Fair Wednesday; warm
er; light northerly wind.
Southern California— Pair Wednesday; warm
er in north portion: fresh west wind.
Nevada Fair: warmer Wednesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy; warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair: warmer
Wednesday; light to fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WII.LSON. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW Y.ORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May -Stock prices ranged
over a wide radius to-day, and ended
wlth good gains for the day. A considerable j
advance, ranging from 1 to 3 points, in the !
specialties occurred in the first half hour, aided
by purchases of round amounts of the interna
tional stocks for London account. Stock values
then suffered on a continuance of yesterday's
heavy liquidation, and receded sharply, the
specialties losing from 2to nearly 6 points. By
noon liquidation had practically ceased, and
there were rallies, which, among the special- '
ties, ranged from 8* to $%. The standard rail
roads moved less widely except for Burlington
and Delaware and Hudson, which made net ,
gains of l* and 3%, respectively. Among the I
specialties, the net gains extend to 14% In Air :
Brake, 6* in Metropolitan. 3% in Manhattan,
3% ln Brooklyn Transit and an average of 2
points in Federal Steel.. Sugar, National Steel
and Tennessee Coal and Iron. Coll money j
rates ruled at 5 per cent most of the day. and ! !
their steadiness was a source of confidence as
was the easier tone In sterling exchange, which j
was attributed to the London purchase •of. '
stocks. Another reason which might be as- M
signed for the rally was the fact that the Ford
franchise tax bill would not figure ln the tax ;
levy of this year, and that the hope of those I
interested in the securities affected was that
the delay of a year might bring about a ;
modification of its provisions. The sharp
speculative contest between the bulls and bears
In Brooklyn Transit, which ultimately resulted
In favor of the former, was. because of it.- I
great activity, a sentimental influence In favor ! '
of taking the long side in other properties. The
dissemination ot a story that the susar in
siders were indisposed to come to terms with
present rivals because of the fear that other
syndicates stood ready to start up a new
opposition, was supposed to have something to
do with the dip in sugar, but the readiness of
a large house to absorb offerings brought about
a rally, in which the earlier loss was more than
recovered.
Besides the tax franchise bill, the rate war
induced liquidation in Consolidated Gas, but
covering of shorts and other purchases caused
the stocks to rise above last night's figures.
The rapid fluctuations with alternate pro
nounced weakness and strength caused a re
duction In the outside interest and left the mar
ket much of the day in the hands of the pro
fessionals. Late in the afternoon, when the
market broadened out and a general move
ment was under way, activity of commission
houses was again noted.
The market left Off strong at generally the
best prices. Some recessions occurred in tho
bond market in sympathy with th.- early
llquldatlon in stocks, but there were later
partial recoveries. The total rales, $2,525,001
United States 2s coupons and the new 4s
coupons declined % in the hid price.
The total sale of stocks to-day amounted to
692, 55S shares. Including American Steel and
Wire. 27,600; American Sugar. 45,100; Atchison,
4000; do preferred. 17.300; Brooklyn Transit, :
101,300; Burlington, 20,200; Chicago Con. Trac- j
tion, 8100; Colorado Fuel and iron. 4200; Con
solidated c.as. 18.800; Continental Tobacco 40.
--200; Denver and Rio Grand* preferred 4900;
Federal Steel, 34.500; do preferred, 6700: Man
hattan Cor... 34. 000; Metropolitan street. 40 ono ;
Missouri Paclflc. 39,300; National Steel, 7300;
North American, 3*00; Northern pacific SSOO-
Paciflc, 5500; Pennsylvania, 10,800; Reading flrst
preferred, 500; Rock Island, 5400; St. Paul, I
1..600; Southern Pacific. 33.400; T. C. & 1.
50,300; Union I a. -it;.-. 6600; do preferred. 8500;
United States Leather preferred, 8700; Western
Union, 3900; silver bullion, 45,000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20 St I. <fc s W 14%
Do prefd 60* Do prefd 33* f
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 St Paul 127% I
Canada Paciflc . . . 96% Do prefd 163%
Canada Southern.. 56* St P & Om 95
'ent Pa.' 50* Do prefd 165 |
"he. & Ohio 26% So Paclflc 32 ,
hi & Alton 163 So Railway 12* I
''hi B & Q 143%' Do prefd 53
Chl __ E 111 73% Texas ,V Pacific .. 22%
Do prefd 124 Union Pacific 45%
Chi G W 17% Do prefd 75%
"hi Ind & L 10 C P D& G 12 "
Do prefd 45%; Wabash V '■
"hi & N w 17-., Do prefd— 22* •
Do prefd 192 j Wheel & L E 13% ■'
"C'" &St L.. 58 Do prefd 31 j
Do ; : efd 86 ' Express Companies— | I
Del & Hudson 121 'Adams Ex 112 !•
Del I. A- W 170 'American Ex ....140 !
Den X- Rio G.... 24 United States .... 51 j
Do prefd 78*|Wells Fargo 12. 1
Erie new 13% i Miscellaneous —
Do Ist prefd .... 36 A Cot Oil 37* *
Ft Wayne i.i I Do prefd. 34
It Nor prefd 191 lAmn Spirits 13% ! I
Hocking Val 10* Do prefd 3. I •
Illinois Cent 116* Am Tobacco 217 i
Lake Erie & W... 17 I Do pie;'.! 143 |
lio prefd 03% Cons Gas 175% > 1
I.nk" Shore N..200 Com Cable Co iso .'
Louis & Nash 67% Foi F & Iron 52% I '
Manhattan L 116* Do prefd 110 ]
Met St R.v 238 Gen Electric ... H ..-.., | ]
Mich Cent 113 Haw Comi Co 122'- !•
Minn &■ St L.... 60* Brooklyn It T....131% | 1
Do Ist prefd ....100 " Intnl Paper 54U I '
Mo Pacific 45% no prefd 84 <
Mobile & Ohio 44 Laclede Gas .... 53* !
Mo X ,<- t 12* Lead 34* ;
Do prefd 38*4 Do prefd 113
N J Central 120% Fed Steel 68* I :
N V Central .... I3SH Do pre.! sir
s' YC & sI, 13% Nat Lin ".I I ' :
Do Ist prefd .... 66 Pacific Mail ....:.. sn*i I '
Do 2d prefd 31 People's Oas 1247*,
Nor West 20*. Pullman Pal ... 153% ;
No Amer Co 11% Silver Cert ,62., '
No Pacific 52% Standard it <v T.. 9* ' '
Do prefd 73 Sugar 1*.4%
Ontario & tV 26% Do prefd 117 ;
Or R & Nay pfd.. 6S |T C * Iron 62*, • ,
Or Short Line .... 41% I' S Leather ... 6* I ;
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 83 Do prefd 72
Do 2d prefd .... 5g I' S Rubber "-% ,
Pittsburg 1.4 Do prefd 116 , .
Beading __% West Union 92 !
Do Ist prefd .... 63* Aran .- & w.... 69%
R G W 33 > Do prefd .... 3<% I
Do prefd 77 |Pac Coast 45 " i i
Rock Island 116%tC010 Southern 5* ' ,
St L* S F 11- Do Ist prefd .... 42 | ,
Do prefd 71 I Do 2d prefd 13
Do 2d prefd .... 37% Nor & W prefd... 6R<;
CLOSING BONDS.
D S2s reg 33% Do 4s 94
0 S 3s reg 107* N V Cent lsts 114* '
Do coup 107* N J Cent gen 55. .113
I' S new 4s reg. ..125% North Carolina 65. 127
Do coup :.- ; . Do 4s 104
C S old 4s reg — 112* N I' lsts 120
Do coup 113 I Do 5s 67* '
I' Bss reg 111% Do 4s _rvj
Do coup 111*. N' V Chi &St L "48.107
District 3.65s 117 'Nor & W con 45.. 3.7%
Ala Class A 110 1 Do gen 6s 130 I
Do B 110 Or Nay lsts 114 j
Do C. 100 1 Di Is ln;(%
Do Currency — 100 0 s Line 6s .... 131% j
Atch gen 4s 101% 0 s Line con ss. .111*
Do adjt 4s 83% Reading Gen 45.... Ss
I -Canada So id5.... 11l R G w lsts 97**1
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 94% B L & I M Con 55. 111.. '
C & O 5s lis si I. &-I p Gen 65. 124% I
i C & N Con 7s 142%, st P con . 168*
1 Do deb i - .123 St I* C & V lsts.. 123
Chi Term 4s 100% Do 5s .. 122 I
I D & R G lsts 108* So Ry 7k 110*
Do 4s 102 Standard R&T6s S3
! 17 T Va & G lsts. .los* Term new set 35.. 97% I
i Erie Gen 4s 72 Tex ft Pac lsts 11..V. I
! Ft W <__ D C lsts.. 85 I Do 2ds 55% 1
! Gen Electric 5s ...116 U P4s io«ii j
QH&S A6s 114 V P D & c, ißts 90
Do 2ds 111% .Wabash lsts 114% |
jII & T c.s 112% Do 2ds 33% I
Do con fis 112 (West Shore 4s 114
I lowa C lsts 11l Wis cent lsts .... r,.% I
IKC P& G lsts.. 67 Va Centuries ... 83%
La new con 4s 110 I Do deferred 5
j L <_- N Unl 4s 99* Colo Southern 45.. 87*
j M X ft T 2ds 67%
MINING STOCKS.
j Chollar 28; Ontario 9 00
: Crown Point 20 Ophir 1 20
1 Con Cal ft Va 1 7" Plymouth in I
I Dead wood 50 ! Quicksilver 2 60 J
Gould ft Curry.... 33! Do prefd 850 I
Hale & Norcross. 30 Sierra Nevada 100
Homestake 65 00 1 Standard 2 i". |
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 44 I
Mexican Yellow Jacket 44
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mich Tel 98
Call loans 3%-*t4% Ed Elec Tel .....] !
Time loans 3%.i4 Ate)* prefd 60* !
Stocks — j Bonds —
A Tft St Fe 19* Atchison 4s .... 100%
Amer Sugar 164* Mining Shares
Do prefd 117 Allouez Mm C 0... 11%
Bell Tel 162 Atlantic 34
Boston & Albany.. 2s7 Boston ft M0nt. ..383
Boston & Maine. .lßs Butte ft 805t0n. ..102
Boston L .Calumet ft Hecla..S3o
'•hi Bur & Q 143* Centennial ..., 41% '
: Fitehburg 12" Franklin 26 ,
Gen Elec 118* Old Dominion 47*
Fed Steel 63% Osceola 92%
Do prefd 86',; Quincy 166
! Mexican Cent 14 Tamarack 2:1.7
Old Colony 211 Wolverine 45*
'■ Rubber V* Parrott 65%
I'nion Pac 4.*% Adventure 13%
, West End 95 [Winona 16
Do prefd 117 Humboldt 1%
Westlngh Elec .. 50* Union Land 9%
Wis Cent 1%
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
I NEW YORK. May 2.— Money on call. 4UTTfi :
per cent: last loan. 5 per cent. Prime mer- ;
| cantile paper. 3%.?4% per cent. Sterling ex
change, weak, with actual business In bankers' '
i bills at $4 S7®4 87% for demand and at $4 Ss@
: 4 53% for 60 days. Posted rates. $4 ' Cfi 4 88% and :
$1 BSi54 88*. . Commercial bills. $4 55«4 85%;
| sliver certificates, 62'_t62%c ; bar silver, 61% c; ;
Mexican dollars. 4*o : Government bonds, weak; I
I State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows- Avail
able cash balance. $261,223,617; gold reserve !
1248,180,157. ' I
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here " were heavy after the holidays.
Americans fluctuated within narrow fractions
closing weak at the bottom on the fear of gold
exported from the United States. Coppers were
buoyant. Paris buying Tintos up to 43%, ex
dividend, equivalent to 51% with the dividend
Anacondas were 13%. They relapsed to 13 n-ij
and closed at 13*. Utahs were 10; Bostons. 3
Silver fell one-half point on bear sales. Ameri
cana not offering any. It. closed at 28* bid
There is a slight French demand for gold at
77s 3d.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 88*; Northern Pa- !
clflc preferred. So' 4; Union Paclflc preferred
80%; Grand Trunk, 8.
Bar silver quiet. 28* d per ounce. Money, 1% '.
and 1* per cent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 2.— FLOUR— Receipts, 17.
--000; exports, 21.540. Dull and easier, but not
quotably lower. »
WHEAT— Receipts, 37,000; exports, 187,731.
Spot easy; No. 2 red, 81% cf. O. b. afloat
and 79c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 81*0
f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened weak
under bearish cables from England, and fur
ther declined because of reported rains in the
Southwest. They rallied later on a big reduc
tion In Bradstreet's visible, but again weak
ened near the close under liquidation, and were
finally weak at %@%C decline. May. 77%075c.
closde 7S*c; July, 76 13-16077% c. closed 77c;
September, 76 l-16076%c, closed 76% c; Decem
ber. 76 13-16077..C, closed 77c.
HOPS Quiet
HIDES Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS— A sharp reaction in tin constituted
the only notable feature of interest in metal
day. This relapse was In a large measure due
tc a refusal of consumers to proceed and less
favorable news from abroad. Lead, on the
other hand, advanced slightly on good reports
and increased demand. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
Pig Iron— Warrants quiet at $11 nominal.
Lake Copper— Quiet, with 19.25 c bid.
Tin— Dull and lower, with 25.65 c bid and 25.80 c
asked.
Lead— Firm, with 4.17% c bid and 4.40 c asked.
Spelter— Unchanged, with 6.75 c bid and 7c
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is 4.15 c, and for
copper 19 019. ic.
COFFEE Options opened and closed firm. 5®
10 points higher. Sales, 14.770 bags, including:
May. .'- i .-.;:. 10; June. $5 15: July. $5 25; Sep
tember. $5 45; October, $5 5005 55; November,
$5 55; December. $5 70(85 SO; December. $5 So;
March. $5 90.
Spot Coffee— Rio, firm tone.
SUGAR— Strong; refined firm.
HlTTEß— Steady; Western creamery, 14%®
17c.
EGGS— Quiet: Western. 124.^5
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 2.— California Dried Fruits
steady.
Evaporated Apples— Common, 7@B%c; prime
wire tray, B*@9c; choice, 9@9%c; fancy, 9%@
10c.
Prunes- 4 1 4
Apricots— 13%@14c; Moorpark, 14®lSc.
Peaches -Unpeeled, 9ft 13c: peeled, 25®28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 2. — Scattered showers
throughout the winter wheat country where
fears of drought had been entertained caused
a bearish sentiment in wheat at the start. Li
quidation was heavy, and with the exception
of a feeble rally on reports of heavy export
sales, the market declined throughout the ses
sion. Further deliveries on May contracts also i
had a weakening influence. July opened %c
lower at 73* c, declined to 72% c, recovered to
73% c, declined slowly to 72% c, advanced to I
73c, and closed at 72* c. The world's visible |
supply decreased 3,531.000 bushels, against 6,
--000,000 bushels decrease for the same week a j
year ago.
Promised rains and reports of Increased
acreage weakened corn. The visible supply de
creased 2,643,000 bushels. July opened a shade
lower at J4*®34*c, closed with buyers at 34 V.
034%0.
Oats were firm for May on covering against
cash sales, but easy for the distant futures,
owing to good crop prospects The visible sup
ply decreased 713.000 bushels. July started a
shade lower at 24% c, closed at 23%@24c. The
premium of May over July at the close was i
2*c.
Liberal receipts of hogs and scattered selling
by packers weakened provisions early. July
pork opened a shade lower at $9 02%, sold off !
to $S 92%, and advanced to $. 97*®9 at th"
close. I_ard and ribs were dull, wtth fluctua
tions narrow.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71* 71* 71% 71%
July ;... 73% 73% 72% 72%
September 73 73 72 72%
Corn No. 2 —
May 33* 33% 33* 83*
July 84* 34% 84* 34*
September 36* 35* 35 35%
Oats No. 2-
May 26% 26% 26* 26*
July 24* 24* 23% 24
September 22* 22* 22 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May....- 8 80 «w 8 70 8 75
July. 9 02% 9 02* 8 92* 900
September 9 12* 915 910 915
Lard per 100 lbs -
Ma\ 5 12% 5 12% 5 12% 5 12*
July 5 25 5 25 5 20 5 22*
September 5 37% 5 37% 5 "2'_ 5 37*
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
May 4 57% 4 57% 4 57% 4 57%
July 480 4SO 4 72% 4 77%
September 490 4 92% 4BE 490 ,
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, ;
quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 71072 c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 66®71c; No. 2 red. 74075 c;
No 7 corn. 33*®34c; No. 2 oats, 27027% c: No.
2 whit* 23%(fi.30c; No. 3 white. 29®3 k_; No. 2
Rye. 53c; No. 2 barley. 350 42c; No. 1 flaxseed.
$1140114%: prime timothy seed, $2 40; mess
pork, per barrel. $8 771*-- SO; lard, per 100 lbs.
.5 12*®5 15; short ribs sides (loose). $1 45®
4 17-. dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4*®4&i .
short clear sides (boxed), $4 85@4 95; __ whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 26;
sugars, cut loaf, 5.95 c: granulated, 5.45 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 14 COO 8.000
Wheat, bush 76.000 44.000
Ccrn, bushels 283.000 310.0c0
Cats, bushels 189.000 277.000
Rye. bush Is 3.000 10.000
Barley, bushels 24.000 10,000
On the Produce Exchange ts-day the butter I
market was quiet and easy; creamery, 12®15*c; .
dairy. ll@l4e. Eggs, steady: fresh, ll*c.
Cheese, weak; creams, 11%®12%C.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 7% 5 7% 58
Closing 5 8% 5 7% 5 7*
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May 2.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate the
following changes In the available supplies of
grain last Saturday, as compared with the
previous Saturday:
Wheat United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased 931,000 bushels; afloat for
and In Europe, decreased 1,600, ) bushels; to
tal supply decreased 3,531,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decreased 2,643,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 743,0f>0 bushels.
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., de
creased 57,000 bushels last week.
CALIFORNIA PRUNES IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The Journal of Com
merce says: Reports of the heavy drop of'
prunes usually expected at this time are be- :
ginning to come in. Letters received from all I
the growing districts are of the same purport.
The trade here is generally disposed to accept
these reports with a good deal of allowance,
for the natural desire of growers to start the
season with promulgation of such features as
will be mi st advantageous to them, but there
are a number of prominent handlers here who,
while admitting that conditions now governing .
growing crops may not be so bad as has been
. published through the letters of Interested
growers, are of opinion that there Is go.
ground for believing the crop will turn out to
be be considerably less than last year. One
of these merchants to-day said he had little
doubt that the reported damage to the crop
was not overestimated by his California cor
respondents. He could not agree with some
of them that the present drop was due to the j
recent warm weather, but was disposed to at- j
tribute it to a loss of vitality in trees caused i
by the prolonged drought last winter, which
killed many trees and undoubtedly had a
weakening effect upon tne rest.
A feature contributing to the strong feeling
among handlers Of prunes here is the prospect
of a large demand from Eu ope this year, __
the result of reported short prune crops there.
■■■yy.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May -CATTLE The cattle mar
ket was slow to-day. with prices on the down
grade. Fancy lots sold at $5 40(3-5 60; Choice
steers, $5 0505 35; medium. $4 551/17.7; stack
ers and feeders, $3 8005 10; beef steers, $404 50
--cows and heifers. 83 5004 25; bulls, $_•..-,, ,- :
Western fed steers, $4 20@5 20; Texas steers'
Ls3 90$ I 90; calves, $406 7.7.
HOGS— There was a fairly active demand for
hogs at yesterday's decline. Fair to choice
$3 7503 90; heavy packers. $3 55@3 72%; mixed
$3 6503 SO; butchers. $3 6503 85; light grades'
$3 6503 85; pigs. $3 3003 70.
SHEEP- There was an active demand for
sheep at previous prices. Colorado wooled
lambs. $5 8506: clipped lambs, $5(35 55; culls
$4 5004 75; spring lambs. $8012 per 100 pounds
yearlings, $3 10.35 20; sheep, $3 5005 is, a great
I many fed Westerns bringing $4 75<§5 15.
Receipts— 3500; hogs, 19,000: sheen
12,000. ' "'
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. May 2.— The wool market for the
■ past week has maintained a steady tone, with a
I fair amount of sales. Australian wools are
; strong, with big sales for foreign markets
' Quotations: Territory wools, Montana, fine!
. medium and fine, 12015 c; scoured, 3S(ff4oc'
; staple, 40@42c; Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine.'
I medium and fine, 14tfl5c; scoured, 88®40c;
staple, 40fl !2c.
Australian wools, scoured basis, combing
superfine. 70072 c; do good. 65®68c; do aver
age. 62065 c. ..- ■< :'-■■
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON. May The wool auction sales
Opened to-day with a large attendance of buy
ers. The offerings numbered 11,323 bales, in
cluding a fine show of Queenslands and New
South Wales merinos, principally greasy. The
Continental buying was eager to secure these
goods and entered Into strong competition with
the home trade, which stimulated the advance
which was most pronounced. Fine well grown
; and a small supply of scoured sold briskly.
I Crossbreds were well represented, with liner
; grades showing an advance of 10 per cent, and
mediums selling 7% per cent lower. The offer
. ings of this stock were largely taken by York
i shire. A small selection of Cape of Good Hone
[ and Natal sold quickly at 10 to 15 per cent ad
vance. The trade was well represented, except
American. The bidding throughout the sale
was very active.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 2. -Clearances, $214.
--062; balances. $27,799.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., May 2.— The wheat market
was not in very good shape after Monday's
holiday, and local dealers were not quoting up
very high As a matter of fact quotations are
to a large extent nominal. The mills are not
in need of very much wheat, and as exporters
cannot get ships at reasonable rates, there Is
nothing doing in this line. Walla Walla, 58®
s?e, valley, 60c; blue stem. 61062 c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 2.— Nothing encouraging yet
in the way of any advance In the price of
wheat. Receipts are limited and quotations are
unchanged nt 5S%c for club and 61% c for blue
st"m.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
y-i.yy-\-.:y^: .
LONDON. May 2.-Consols. 110 9-16; Silver,
28* d; French Rentes, ]02f 10c; Wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; Walla Walla, 28s 3d;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL May 2.— Wheat steady; Wheat
in Fans, firm; Flour in Paris, flrm; Weather in
England, overcast.
COTTON— 3%. •
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern Duluth,
steady, 6s 3d; futures quiet; May. 5s BVid; July,
5s 7"* d; September, 5s 7%<1. V '
CORN— Spot American mixed new quiet, 3s sd;
American mixed old quiet, 2s 6%d; futures
steady; May, 3s 3%d; July, 3s 5%d; September,
3s fid.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days .— $4 86*
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — * 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 61%
Mexican Dollars — 50
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market for ton
nage Is quiet at unchanged rates. The char
tered wheat fleet in port has a registered ton
nage of 6039, against 4776 tons on the same date
1 last year; disengaged, 38,000 tons, against 13.840;
! on the wav to this port. ITS.bm, against 228,300.
WHEAT— Exports from this port in April
were 68,069 centals, valued at $77,390. making
I total exports thus far this crop year of 1,625,933
| centals, valued at $1,984 982.
I Th. market opened flat and rather weak than
■ otherwise. Sales were few. The Chicago mar
ket opened quiet and steady, with St. Louis
selling freely. Later on there was a recovery,
based on stronger European markets due to a
reported drought in Russia.
Spot Wheat Shipping, $1 06@1 10; milling,
$1 12%(51 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock— sales. Sec
ond Session— December— 2ooo centals, $1 14V4.
Regular Morning Session— December— lo,ooo
centals. $1 14% _,
Afternoon Session— 6ooo centals, $1 14; WOO,
I 81 14*.
| BARLEY The market continues stagnant at
the the . Id quotations.
Feed, $102' .'!■•.; Brewing. $1 001T1 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '93. new— 6ooo
ctls, *7' ; 2000 v,"., . ; .'.- a, v;' v
- Afternoon Session-Seller 'M. new— 4000 ctls,
87%: 4000, 87*.
OATS— The Produce Exchange report, In the
first column, shows a falling off of 1430 tons
ln April. The market continues steady at the
recent advance, though trade is not active.
Fancy Feed. $1 45@1 47% per ctl; good to
choice, $1 40©1 17; common, $1 30'ffl 37%: Sur
prise, $1 45®1 50; Gray, $1 3f.fi 1 40; Milling.
$1 42*4_n 47% per ctl; Red. $1 32'Jj'l 87*; Black, !
$1 30rrfl 35.
CORN The market is quoted firm at a slight j
advance. Offerings are small.
Small round Yellow. $1 27*@1 32%; Eastern
large Yellow. $1 12%fTl 15; White, $1 12*@1 15;
mixed, $1 07*@1 11%; per ctl; California White,
nominal.
RYE still dull at 97*c@$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR California family extras, $3 60(ff3 75.
i usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40(ff3 50; Oregon
and Washington. S3 40'S3 45 per bbi for extra.
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 30(q 2 50 for super
tin.'.
MILLSTUFFS 'rices In sacks are as fol- I
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham
Flour, 83 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 73 per
100: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra '
cream Cornmeal, $3 23; Oatmeal, $4 50ffi4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy. $3 2693 50; Buck
when t Flour, 84<9>4 36; Cracked Wheat. S3 73; ;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, S3 50; Rolled !
Oats (barrels). $6 556*195; In sacks. 86 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley. 85; Split Peas, $4 60; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAY' AND FEEDSTUFFS.
A cargo if 50 tons new Alfalfa, the first of
the season, arrived from the river and was
bid in at $5 50. The market held up very well,
considering the receipt of S6O tons since Satur
da;.. and 514 was refused for a car of gilt
. edged wheat. The other descriptions were un
changed.
Feeds tuffs remain as previously quoted.
BRA $15 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS 501J.20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Roiled Barley, $23 60*3>24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $3103150; job
bing, .321f32 50; coanut Cake, $24tf25; Cotton
,-. d Meal, S2S<<?3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50«_)
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24^25; Mixed Feed. $15 50
i (316 60.
HAY— Wheat. $12^13 for good to choice and
$10® 11 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat, $10®
12; Oat, $9@11; Barley, $7@9; Alfalfa. $5 50@7.
I STRAW— 25®60c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are unchanged. Some changes In Seeds
will be seen. The market is quiet all around.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 50@1 60; Small White, $2
02 15; Large Whites, $1 '. -M .',.,; Pinks, $1 85®
1 95; Reds, $3 50; Blackeye, 4fT4 10; Butters,
nominal: Litnas, $4; Pea, $2 25@2 40; Red Kid
neys. $2 40.7 2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard,' nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%fi3c: Flax, $_rf_2 10; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%(&~9%c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp. 4@4%c: Timothy, 4*@s*c.
4. DRIED PEAS— Nibs. $1 75@2; Green, $2 1"W
2 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were fill boxes Asparagus. 354 boxes
Rhubarb, 297 sacks Peas, 35 sacks Beans and
47*: sacks Potatoes.
Potatoes and Onions continue weak and sev
■ eral descriptions arc lower.
In Vegetables there are no marked changes.
String Beans arc lower, and there ls a better
assortment of other Summer kinds, and this
is about all.
POTATOES— SI 40/ffl 50 per clt for Early Rose,
$1 40"fil 65 for River Burbanks; Oregon. $1 150)
1 30 for seed and $1 60®1 SO for large; New Po
i tatoes. IV." :•' per lb.
ONIONS 50!f/75c for fair and S.'.c^si in per
. ctl for good to choice; new, 75c per sack for
' Red.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 75cff$l 50 per box
I for No. 2. $1 75®2 for No. 1 and $2 25 for fancy,
' Rhubarb, 40®75c per box for the general run
i and Sscifisl for fancy: Green Peas. 2 1 -7, for
common and :; ! -.-7i4.' for Garden; String Beans
i from Los Angeles, 4'S6c for green and 6®6c for
| Golden Wax: String Beans from Vacavlile.
507 c; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes. $1 2502 per
box; Egg Plant, 15c per lb; Garlic, 20c per lb:
Pried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried Peppers. 10c;
Green Peppers, !2*®2sc: Carrots, 25035 c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 4Oosl per dozen;
Sacramento Cucumbers, 50c: Summer Squash
from Los Angeles, !0®12%C per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Three cars of Eastern sold at 14015 c for
Turkeys, $7 for Duck's, $2 for Geese, $607 for
Hens, $R for Young Roosters and $5 for old do.
Another car Is announced for to-day.
Local Poultry Is weak and quiet, owing to
the large receipts from the East, and several
descriptions are lower.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13(&14c for Gob
blers and 13®14c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50
02; Goslings, $2 2502 50: Ducks, $607 for old
and $7 500 8 60 for young; Hens. $4 5005 50;
young Roosters. $708: old Roosters, $4 5005;
Fryers, $606 50; Broilers, $4 5005 60 for large,
$2 5003 60 for small; Pigeons. $1 5002 per dozen
for old and $202 25 for Squabs,
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter ls weak, and some dealers are shading
the quotations to keep their floors clear.
Cheese ls also weak. Eggs show no change,
selling without, difficulty at previous quota
tions.
BUTTER—
i Creamery— Fancy creamery, 16* c; seconds,
16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 13@14%c;
store, 11012 c per lb.
CHEESE Choice mild new. 10% c; old, 10c:
Young America, I1«_12c; Eastern, 14*@16c.
EGGS— Quoted at 14*©16 c for store and lo%@
16% c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 600 boxes Cherries and 562
chests Strawberries.
Receipts of Cherries continue light and prices
show no marked change. Strawberries arc
slowly tending downward. No Blackberries
came In yesterday. A crate of Apricots came
in from Riverside, and was held at $2. without
selling. Gooseberries were steady and in mod
erate receipt
Limes are firm and Lemons and Oranges
quiet. Stocks of Oranges are moderate. Grape
Fruit is slow of sale.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 5002 GO for fair to good and $303 CO
■ for choice to fancy.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 30®350 per drawer
and 60075 c per box; Blackberries, per
crate: Strawberries, $50 per chest for small
and $30 for large berries.
Cherries, 50@75c for red. 75c05l for white and
$101 25 per box for black; extra fancy black
sold at $1 50. Some poor black In bulk sold at
3c per lb.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 5003 25
per box; Seedlings, $102; Mediterranean Sweets.
$1 5002; Lemons, $1 2501 60 for common and
5202 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$7: California Limes. 65©8Sc per small box;
Grape Fruit, $1 5002 50; Bananas, $1 5002 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. $204 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for all descriptions under this
head remains unchanged: There is not much
going on, for there is not much stock here to
work on. -.-'.'
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50's. 5@
f,y for 60-60*8, 404% c for 60-70' s, 3%@3*c for
70-80*8, 2%03%c for 80-90*8, 2%@2%c for 90-100's
and 202% c for 100-110' Peaches, 8%03%c for
good to choice, 10010%.- for fancy and for
peeled: Apricots. 12%013c for Royals and — —
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 903% c; sun
dried, 6%07%c; Black Figs, sacks. 3%c; Plums,
nominal 2c for unpltted and 4%@Bc for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4*c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%06c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2*@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb; Walnuts. 6®Bc
for hardshell, 10011 c for softshell; Almonds, 80
9c for hardshell. 12013 c for softshell. 14016 c for
papershell; Peanuts, 607 c for Eastern and 4%@
5c for California: Cocoaunts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 100 lie for bright and So3c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 7 l 4 ■'
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 6@5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX- 250 per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are firm at the advance of last week.
Bacon Is easy and Lard ls strong. Barreled
goods are steady.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per lb for heavy.
B%@3c for light medium. 10%@llo for light, 12c
for extra light and L2*@l3c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; California
Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbi; extra Mess
Beef, $14: Family Beef, $15015 50; extra prime
Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16; Smoked
Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6*@6*C per Ib for
compound and 7%@7*c for pure: half barrels,
pure, Sc; 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. B*c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces 6*®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls. 60 In a case, 9*c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case, B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 In a cas,e, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B*c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides and Tallow are steady at the quota
tions, with no especial activity. Stocks of Tal
low continue limited. Wools sell moderately.
There Is nothing doing in Hops, though con
tracts continue to be drawn in Oregon at 10c.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 303%.-; light, B%C! Cow
hides, 3c; Stags, 606% c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
I3c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf. 17-;
Sheepskins, shearllrfgs, 10030 c each; short
Wool. 35@60c each; medium. 70030 c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7502 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 60c.
TALLOW No. 1 rendered, 4%04%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%040; refined, ; grease. 3c.
WOOL— Spring cups-San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months, 709 c: year's staple. 608 c;
Foothill and Northern Free. 10012 c; Foothill
and Northern defective, 8010 c; Nevada,. B@llc.
Fall Wools -
Northern Mountain 6%08a
Southern 4*@7c
Plains .' 4 ig6c
HOPS 1838 crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary.
12012% c for good and 13015 for choice to fancy
from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The rise In Pork seems to he temporarily
checked by the arrival of four cars from the
East— not a very large consignment to check a
rise. Still, the market rules firm. Beef is easy
and unchanged. The other descriptions are un
changed.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF 7%08.4c per lb.
VEAL- Large, 7c; small. 7%OSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7*®Bc; Ewes. 7@7%c per
lb.
I. AMR Spring. B%olOc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5*05. »c for small, 5%c for
medium and 4%05%c for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, 4%05c; dressed Hogs, 708% c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE,
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Rags, 5%c for June
and July: Wool Bags, 2«025,-; San Quentin
Bags, $4 35.
COAL Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton. JS; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $S 60 In bulk and $9 50
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
CORDAGE Manila, 9%c; Sisal, B*c; Duplex,
7%c basis.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75c05l 25;
Asparagus, $1 5001 75; Tomatoes, 85090 c.
canned FRUITS Chrrles, $13501 50 for
black nnd $1 5001 80 for white; Reaches, $1 400
1 75; Pears, $1 4501 50; Apricots, $1 3501 50;
Plums. 35.-0 $1 15.
COFFEE— Rica— l4olsc for prime
washed; 13014 c for good washed; 13@15c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 110dl%c for
good peaberry; 11013 c for good to prime: 10011 c
nominal for good current mixed with black
beans: ,%@lo%c for fair. 6@7*c for common to
ordinary. Salvador- lo@l2c for good to prime
washed: 809* c for fair washed; 10%011%c for
superior unwashed; 7*@7*c for good green un
washed; 9*@loc for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— 7*@B*c nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9@loc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l 4%4 1 17 l for prime to fancy washed;
11013% C for g0,,,! to strictly good washed; B*o
10* c for fair washed; 708% c for medium; h\@>
6%c for inferior to ordinary; 10*fil2c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9%010c for good
unwashed peaberry; 7%@8%C for good to supe
rior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH— 5%c; cases,
6*c; cases, imitation Eastern, 6%,-. boneless,
7*; c; strips. B®B*c; blocks, 7%08%c; tablets,
B*c; middles, B*©9*c; desiccated, 87% c;
pickled, In barrels, $3 60; pickled, half barrels.
$5 25.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy, 25028 c per Ib;
Sole Leather, medium, 24025 c; Sole Leather,
light. 24025 c; rough leather, heavy, 24025 c;
rough Leather, light, 24025 c; Harness Leather,
heavy. 3203::, Harness Leather, medium, 300)
J2c: Harness Leather, light, _'.'•■: ; Collar
Leather, 14016 c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@45c
per lb; Veal, finished. 60@56c; Calf, finished,
75c051; Sides, finished, 16017 c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14016 c; Rough Splits, 8010 c
per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 06; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled' 59c;
raw, 57c; cases, oc more; I,ard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 54c; No. 1, 46c; cases, .",,
more; China Nut, 450 55c per gallon; Pure
NeatsfOOl Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 65cj Sperm,
crude, on,-: natural white, 40c; bleached white,
42% c; Whale ml, natural white, 37* c; bleached
white. 45c; Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 2501 35 per gallon; wagon
colors, $202 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—White Water Coal Oil, in bulk. ll%c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases, 16* c; Astral Oil.
18% c; Star Oil. 16% c; Extra Star Oil, 20% c;
Elaine Oil, 21% c; Eocene Oil. tg*c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15*< ; In cases. 2b ;
Benzine, In bulk, 15c; In cases, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline. In bulk, 21c; In cases, 26c.
CANDLES light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
SV 4 c; 6s. 14 oz, 7Vic; 6s, 12 oz. 6.*, c; 63, 10 oz,
5%c: 12s, 12 ,Z. 7.ic; Granite (Mining) Candles—
68, 16 "7. B*c; 6s. 14 oz. S%c: 6s, 12 oz. 7%c; 6s,
10 oz, 6%c; Parafflne Wax Candles — Is, 2s. 4s,
6s. white, 9%c; 12s, 10% c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per Ib.
TURPENTINE- In cases, 61c; in Iron barrels,
56 ■; iii wooden barrels, 5Sc.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 54c; raw, barrels,
52c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and $40 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lh bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6*c; Pow
dered, 6*c; Candy Granulated, 6*c; Dry Granu
lated, s'nc; Confectioners' A, 6%c: California
A. 4%c: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c: Gold
.ll C, 4%c; barrels, 1-16.- more; half barrels,
%c more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes $15018; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 and $14015 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet, $2 2002 50; Pickets. $14: Shingles.
$1 30 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes.
for Split and $10 50 for Sawn; Rustic, $15
0 21.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For 72 Hours.
Flour qr sks.... 12,540 Broom Corn, bdls 44
Wheat ctls 20 Hay. tons 860
Barley, ctls 1.320 Straw, tons 17
Corn, ' ctls, East. 1.20.1 Wool, bales 635
Butter ctls 391 Pelts, bdls 267
Cheese, ctls 42 Hides, No 542
Beans, sks 823 Eggs, doz -.. 25.5.10
Potatoes, sks.... 2,557 Leather, r0115.... 86
Onions, sks 557 Wine, gals 17,750
Bran, sks 342' Brandy, gals 3,940
Middlings, sks... 1501 Lime, bbls 91
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 16.7SS' Wheat, ctls 2,870
Oats, ctls 2, 200 j Screenings, sks.. 130
Bran, sks 4,360 Potatoes, sks 1,442
Shorts, sks 30:. Onions, sks 429
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr 5k3..... 7.860 Oats, ctls 450
EASTERN. .
Malt, sks 1.2601 ", ,' '
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading in local securities was fairly active
on the morning session. Hawaiian Commercial
continued to soar, touching $128.' Oceanic ad
vanced to $84^. Contra Costa Water to $71^
and Paauhau to $42*4, the other stocks remain
ing about the same.
On the afternoon call the only noteworthy
change was an advance in Gas & Electric to
$71%.
Mining stocks were dull and not materially
changed. The telegram from the pump said:
"Pump working steadily. Water in the 1730
--foot level winze is 3_ feet 11 Inches below the
station."
Charles H. Fish has resigned from the presi
dency of the Andes Mining Company, and Cap
tain Nat T. Messer has been appointed to suc
ceed him.
The sales on regular call at the San Francisco
Stock Exchange for the year to date amount
to 374,655 shares, against 678,040 shares for the
tame time in 1695.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay
dividend No. 65 of 75c on the 12th.
The mines of Eureka district, Nev., made
the following shipments of ore by rail for the
week ending April 29th: Diamond mine. 116,650
pounds; Eureka Consolidated, 70,470, Hamburg,
40.790; Jackson, 92.160; Richmond. 132,730.
The Andes Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5 cents per share, delinquent
June 7th.
The Seg. Belcher Consolidated Mining Com
pany has levied an assessment of 5 cents per
share, delinquent .June sth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. ,
. TUESDAY, May 2—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P... 7 8
4s quar c0up.. 114 — Equit G L Co. '% S%
Is quar coup... — — Mutual El Co. — 16 '_
4s quar new.. 123 130 Oakland Gas.. 45 16%
_s quar c0up... 107 107% Pac Gas Imp.. 71% 72
Miscellaneous— iPac L Co 43V_: 15
Cal-st Cab 55. 116 — IS F G ft E.... 71._ 72
Cal Elec L 125.4127% San Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 55. ...11 l — Stktn Gas 6?. — 13%
Dup-st ex' c... — — ; Insurance—
EL ft P 65. ...130 135 Firem's Fund. 22o —
F ft Cl Ry 6s. 116 — : Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Anglo Cal .... — 67%
H C ft S 5%5.102% — Rank of CaL. 257% —
LARy 5s ...105 105% c a l S D &T. .— 9S*i
LA L Co 65. .101% — First Nation!.. 22o —
Do gntd 65. .101% — Ron P & A... — 131%
Market-st 65... 128 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55. 116% — Nev Nat 8k..180 —
N C Nc, R 75.10S — ' Savings Banks-
N R Cal 65.. 115 — Ger S & L.. — I*3l
NRy Cal 55... — 114 Hum Sft L.1050 1160
NP c R R 68.108 — Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R 68.103 — S F Say U.. 500 —
N Cal R R 65. 108% — S ft L 50..-. — 101
Oak Gas 55. ..110 111% Security S B 300 350
Om C Ry 65.. 125% — Union T Co. — 1465
P &Cl Ry 68.107 — i Street Railroads—
P ft o fis 117 - California 115%116% ,
Powell-st 65...— 122% Geary 57%— i
Sac El Ry ss. — — Market-st 62% 63 I
S Fft N P ss. — — Dak S L&H. — — ;
S Fft S JVos. — — Presidio 12 —
BeirraßCal 6s. 108 — Powder—
0 Rof Ar 65. .113% — California .... — 190
SPC rs (1905)111 — E Dynamite... - 100
SPC6s (1906) — — Giant Con Co. 72% 72%
B PC 6s (1312) - — Vlgorit 2% 3%
S PCis eg ss. 105 — , Sugar—
S P Br 6s — 124 Han.. P C 0.... 17% 17%
S V Water 65. 116% — Haw Cft S C.127%128
S V Water 48.103 103% Hutch S P Co. 34% —
3 V W45(3dm).102% — Paauhau S P. 42% 42%
Stktn Gas 65.. 101% — | Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks- Al Pac Assn.. 110% —
Contra Costa.. 71% 71% Ger Ld Wks.. —
Marin Co 50 -- Mer Ex Assn.. 30 —
Spring Valley.loo%loo% Oceanic S Co.. 84 —
Gas and Electric Pac a F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas...— — Pac C BorCo.lll —
Central xi Co.. — — IPar Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board — .
100 Contra Costa aWter 70 00
230 Contra Costa -Water 7150
137 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar '_ 50
65 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 128 00
60 Hutchinson S P Co 34 62%
100 Hutchinson S P Co, cash 34 75
350 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
250 Mutual Electric Light 16 87%
50 Oceanic S S Co 84 25
250 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
130 Paauhau S P Co 42 25
$1000 Park ft Cliff House 6 per cent bds.lo7 00
370 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co — 70 23
25 Spring Valley Water ioo 50
640 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
Street—
ion Oceanic S S Co 83 50
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 103 00
;— Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Contra Costa Water 62%
50 Contra Costa Water 71 75
50 Equitable Gas 8 00
50 Giant Powder Con 72 50
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 37%
260 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar 12.8 00
205 Hutchinson S P Co 35 00
$5000 Market St Rv Con 5 per cent bonds. ll7 00
270 Paauhau S P Co 42 25
10 Paciflc Gas Imp 7150
50 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co — 70 *7' 2
250 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co — 71 50
25 San Francisco Gas ft Electric C 0.... 71 62%
25 San Francisco Gas ft Electric Co 71 73
65 Spring Valley Water 100 50
$3000 Spring Valley 6 per cent bonds 116 50
$5000 S F ft S J V bonds 113 25
50 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
INVESTMENT BOARD. >
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Pacifl,- An. Fire Alarm 1 75
50 Paauhau s P Co 42 00
33 Mutual Electric Light 16 75
40 Hutchinson S P Co 34 87%
25 Hutchinson S R Co 34 12'-_
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Oceanic S S Co 84 00
70 Hutchinson S P Co 34 75
15 San Francisco Gas ft Electric C 0.... 70 50
20 Spring Valley Water 100 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 40 100 Ophir 133
100 Best ft Belcher 60 100 Potosl 27
200 Caledonia 37. 600 Savage 29
100 Challenge 35 1 200 Union Con 52
400 Con '"al ft- Va.l 80 J 300 Union Con — 51
200 Mexican 60 500 Utah 12
100 Ophir 1 301 400 Yellow Jacket. 47
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal ft Va.l 801 500 Utah 12
1300 Potosl 29 1000 Bullion 03
150 Yellow Jacket. 46 1 100 Justice 23
400 Belcher 40 I 100 Challenge 37
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 13 1 200 Gould & Curry 33
200 Andes 12% 200 Hale ft Norers 26
$00 Belcher 33 200 Mexican 62
600 Belcher 40 600 Ophir 1 32._
200 Best ft Belcher 61 130 Ophir 1 33
200 Challenge Con.. 39 300 Potosi 28
200 Con Cal ft Va.l 80! 200 Savage 2-*
300 Crown Point... 23 300 Sierra Nevada. 105
200 Gould ft Curry 38 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes ' 12 1 300 .Potosl 29
i... Rest ft Belcher 611 200 Potosi 2S
300 Con Cal ft Va.l 80; 500 Seg Belcher.... 02
200 Confidence v " 200 Union Con 52
600 Crown Point... 231 300 Utah 12
200 Justice 23 40*1 Yellow Jacket. 46
300 Ophir 1 32..1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. May 2-4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con 05 06 Kentuck 04 06
Alta PS 10 Lady Wash 01 02
Andes 12 1" Mexican 61 83
Belcher 38 33 Occidental 33 34
Best ft Belcher 60 6l|Ophlr 130 135
Bullion 02 03 Overman 14 IB
Caledonia 35 37'Potosi 2S 30
Chollar 33 34 Savage 28 23
Challenge Con.. 37 38 Scorpion 01 03
Confidence 83 30 Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Cal ft Va.l 7.7 1 80, Sierra Nevada. l 00 1 10
Con Imp rial ..01 02 Silver Hill .... 03 04
Crown Point .. 22 23 Syndicate 05 —
Con New York. 02 — Standard 275 —
Exchequer — 03 St. Louis 06 _
Gould ft Curry 39 40 Union Con 51 53
Hale ft Norers 25 27 Utah 12 13
Julia 02 03 yellow Jacket.. 45 47
Justice 22 23
ASSESSMENTS PENDING. '
Company.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Yellow Jacket —
Utah
Confidence
Bullion
Hale & Norcrosa.
Crown Point
Con Cal & Va....
POtOFI
Pep Belcher
Andes
1 (..Apr. 7J..Mayl7 15
30 ..May .May 29 06
31 ..May 5 ..May 29 20
64 ..May 5 ..May 29 05
2 ..May 13 ..June 5 10
I 76 ..May ..June 8 10
13 ..May ..June 14 25
62 ..May ..June 15 10
June 2 05
June 2 O.i
NOTICE TO MARINERS-MONTEREY BAY.
CALIFORNIA.
A bell buoy, painted red and marked "M" In
white, has been placed in 20., fathoms of wa
ter about three-eights of a mile off MUSSEL
POINT, MONTEREY BAY, CALIFORNIA. on
the following bearings, viz.:
Tang. Point Pinos. W. % N.
Mussel Point, S.W. hi S.. distant about «»
mile. "-vf.
End Monterey Wharf, S.S.E. hi E., about
IV; miles.
This buoy Is to be left to the southward.
This t.otice affects the "List of Reasons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1898," page 15.
POINT PINOS. CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that the Whistling
Buoy off POINT PINOS. CALIFORNIA, has
gone adrift. It will be replaced as soon as
practicable. ■_ ■" y-
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1898," page 15.
By order of the Light-House Board.
U. SEBREE.
Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Light-House District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense. . ' 7 V 7 V
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
offlce where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, < al .„ ntlM
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. I any. is published
in the morning papers the 'ol^wlng^tay^
Lieutenant, U.S. N., in charge.
SIN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 3.
Sun rises 5:10
Sun sets 7:03
Moon rises I: '"' a. m.
7 Time I Time] [Time Time I
■ Ft. Ft. I— Ft. Ft.
« H W L W H W L W
i ... 5:36 4.91 12:09 0.3 7:09 6.5 .... j
L, \V H W L, W II W
< ... 0:56 1.9( 6:55 4.8 1:05 0.7 7:43 5.7
.= ... 1:55 1.2 8:06 4.8 1:66 1.0 8:28 5.9
6 ..I 2:49 0.6 SO!) 4.9 2:39 1.41 9:06 6.1
7 ...I 3:38 0.0 10:16 5.0 3:20 1.8 9:44 6.4
8 ...i 4:23—0.5 11:01 4.9 4:01 2.1 10:20 6.4
9 ...| 5:07 0 S 11:55 4.8 5:40 2.7| 10:.'6i 6.4
NOTE— In the shove exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides ■,!" the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are ..'it
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
' given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
I STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Proßreso ; Seattle May 3
Luella Tillamook May 3
Santa Rosa San Dlepo [May 4
Point Arena ... Point Arena [May 4
Aztec Ichtna and Japan May 4
Samoa [Humboldt May 4
State of Pal Portland May 5
Belgian Kins.. ! China and Japan May ">
Moana I Sydney I May 5
Homer 'Departure Bay May 5
Bristol [Departure Bay [May i"
Washtenaw .... Tacoma .May 5
Areata 'Tons Bay 'May 1
Empire Icoos Bay IMay 6
Tltania [Nanaimo 'May f,
Willamette ....'Seattle IMay 8
Coos Bay Newport May "
Crescent Clty.-iCrescent City 'May I
City of Peking. .'China and Japan May <?
Czarina Puget Pound 'May <"
Aloha IPoint Arena IMay 7
Pomona 'Humboldt May 7
Walla Wa11a.... I Victoria & Puget Sound May 7
Coqullle River. .'Grays Harbor Ma- 7
Alliance (Portland : May %
Corona 'Pan Diego [May 8
Acapulco Panama May 9
North Fork....!Htimholdt May ">
Columbia 'Portland May 10
Bonita [Newport May 10
From.
Due. ■
! STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination. '
Ralls.
| Pier.
! Columbia ..[Portland (May 3, 1" amlPier 24
Aloha Point Arena. . I May 8, "rm'Pipr 9
A. Blanch* d I Humboldt IMay 3, 10 amlPier IS
Bonita INewport May 4. Bam Pier 11
Australia ..[Honolulu May 4. 2 pmlPlpr 7
Pomona Humboldt IMav 4. 2 pm'Pier 9
Santa Rosa San Diej*ro May 6, 11 am Pier 11
< Amer jChtna& Japan! May 6, 1 pm PMSS
Queen 'Vie* Pet Sd.lMay 6. 10 amlPier 9
; Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. IMay fi. 3 Pier 2
! Curacao ... Mexico May 7, 10 ami Pier 11
State Cal. ..lPortland iMay R. in amlPier 24.
! City of Para' Panama May 8.12 m PMSS
I Coos Bay... Newport I May 8, 9 ami Pier 11
Areata | Coos Ray May 9 I
; Corona San Plpro May 10, 11 amlPier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, May 2.
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Rridgett. 42 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Queen. .Tepser.. 51% hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, 58 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. 17 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 12 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Centennial. Pierce. S3 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 23 days.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson, 64 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, 78 hours from New
port (S). etc.
Haw bark R P Rithet, Calhoun. 21 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Neptune. Estvold, 25 hours from Usal.
Schr Bella, Smith. 9 days from Olympia.
Schr Allen A, Schange. 42 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Gotama. Johannissen. 3 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen. 50 hours from
Coquille River.
Schr Eva, Ramsellus, 30 hours from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. May 2
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Manila, via Hono
lulu; T" S Government.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Brig John D Spreckels. Christiansen, Mahu
kona; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILER.
Tuesday, May 2.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usal.
U S stmr Richard Rush, Thompson, St Mich
ael, via Seattle.
I" S stmr Nuniva. St Michael, via Seattle, in
tow of U S stmr Richard Rush.
Stmr Gipsy, Leleand, Santa Cruz.
Stmr I^aguna, Ericsson.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, Tacoma.
Schr James A Garfleld, Lewis. Willapa Har
bor.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
CHARTERS.
The Bangor loads lumber at Port Ludlow for
Hilo; Wrestler, railroad ties at Novo for
Guayaquil, 51s 3d.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOR. is. May 2. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles.
SPOKEN.
April 10, lat IS, long 61 W— Br ship Bucking
ham, from Seattle, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May I— Schr G W
Watson, from Port Gamble; stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka. May 2— Stmr Sequoia, from San
Diego.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 2— Schr Martha
w Tuft, for La Past
Arrived May 2— Stmr Novo, hence April 30.
PYRAMID HARBOR— Arrived April 19— Stmr
Elsie, hence April 9.
FORT WRANGLE— Arrived April IS— Ship
Geo Skolfield. hence March _-
PORT ANGELES In bay May -Brig Blake
ley; :*chr J M Colman, from San Pedro, for
Nanalmo. . ,
Round out May Br ship Scottish Hills.
from Port Blakeley. for Calcutta - """ :
COOS BAY— Arrived May I- fcchr Glen, hence
April 20. -, „ „ __
POINT REYES- Passed May 2— Haw stmr
San Mateo, from Nanaimo, for Port Los An-
NEW WHATCOM Sailed May I— Schr Oce
ania' Vance, for San Francisco. '
TACOMA— Arrived May 2— Bark Levi G Bur
gess hence April 19.
NEAH BAY Passed Ma] 2— Br stmr Athen
ian hence April 29. for Vancouver.
PORT TOWNSEND— May 2— Chilean
hark Guinevere, from Iquique; bktn Amelia,
from Honolulu.
HARDY CREEK— May 2— Stmr Sunol,
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May 2— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDING Arrived May 2— Schr
Ocean Spray, hence April 20.
EUREKA— Arrived May 2— Stmr Samoa, hne
April 30.
Sailed May 2— Peruvian bark San Nicholas,
for Callao.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 2— Stmr Farallon, for
Dyea- stmr Willamette, for San Francisco.
Arrived May — Stmr Al-Ki. from Dyea.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 2— Stmr Alliance,
hence April 27.
Sailed May '-' -Br ship Marschal Suchet, for
Queenstown; V S stmr Perry, for .
BALLARD— Arrived May 2— Schr C H Mer
chant, hence April 18.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 2— Br ship May
field. hence Nov 24.
SYDNEY — Arrived stmr W'arrimoo, from
Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA- Sailed May 2— Br stmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco. April 13— Stmr Belgian
King, for San Francisco.
Arrived May I— Br stmr Empress of Japan,
from Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Mas 2— Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 30— ship Cam
brian Queen, from Portland.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived April 28— French
bark Jacques, to load for San Francisco.
Sailed March 31— Fr bark Admiral Troude, for
San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived March 24— Chil bark
Sulltelma, from Port Ludlow. March 26— Chil
bark Latona. from Port Blakeley.
MANlLA— Arrived May 1-Stmr Charles Nel
son, hence March 30.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived April 29— Nor ship
Hercules, from Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived M*. 2-Stmr Ulto
nla. from Boston, for Ligverpool. ..--.-. r.y.. ,
SYDNEY*. NSW— Arrived May 2— Stmr Warri
moo, from Vancouver, via Honolulu.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 2— Kaiser Wil
helm .Rr Grosse, from Bremen, etc; stmr Man-'
hattan, from London, etc. .
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 2— Stmr Kai
ser Frlederlch. from New York, via Cher
bourg, for Bremen, and proceeded.THE GOVERNOR
COMES TO TOWN
FROM THE SOUTH
Considers Plums for
Place-Hunters.
— *■ —
FOR THE PARIS EXPOSITION
— ♦ —
MAJOR BEN C. TRUMAN IS AP
POINTED A COMMISSIONER.
♦
When the Governor Reaches Sacra
mento He Will be Ready to
Name the Board of
Health.
Governor Gape arrive., from Los An
gr-tcs on the Owl yesterday morning and
went to the Palace Hotel. He will remain
In San Francisco until to-morrow even
ing and then go to Sacra- He was
engaged yesterday with ex-Senator
Stephen M. White, Judge Ross and others
in considering business matters relating
to mining affairs.
Many of the place-seekers were anxious
to see the Governor and ascertain if ap
pointments were soon to be announced.
The aspirants for the oilice of Labor Com
missioner are the most active, but the In
terest manifested In the impending
changes in the Hoard of Health is very
great. The Governor Is not paying much
attention to the contest lor presidency of
tho State University. He said last night
that he did not suppose that he would at
tend the meeting of the committee ot Re
gents to-day. He doubted whether lie
would attend the meeting of the board
next week or ever preside at any or the
sessions.
The Governor said without hesitation
and with a knowledge that the statement
would be published that he had radi
cally appointed Major Ben C. Truman as
one* of the Commissioners of California
to the Paris Exposition: He also re
marked that he had tendered a similar
appointment to M. H. de Young, but that
the latter declined to accept the position.
He was asked if Mark L. McDonald was
to be one of the Commissioners, but the
inquiry did not elicit an affirmative or
negative respense.
The accomplishments of Major Truman
were dwelt upon with delight. The major
reported the iirst speech that Governor
Cage made in California. The event oc
curred some twenty years ago at Wil
mington, and according to the Governor's
account of the affair the major not only
fully but accurately reported the speech.
Aside from this the major has had other
Training to tU him for the position of
Commissioner to represent California at
Paris. He was once secretary of the Yo
semite Commission and chief writer of the
Southern Pacific Literary Bureau. Later
he was prominently identified with the
horticultural department of tie World's
Fair at Chicago, and last but not least
wrote a book on dueling. While he was
busily engaged in preparing the horticul
tural exhibit of the Chicago fair hi was
challenged to fight a duel by a sub-com
missioner or attache of the exposition.
Th.c difficulty was adjusted without the
loss of blood. The Governor's judgment
that the major is a good man for the
place is seconded by many others, some
of whom fancy also that the place is a
good one for the major. Colonel Henry
Kowalsky is a candidate for the office of
Commissioner. He would be. delighted to
accept the place which Mr. de Young
declined.
The Governor may devote same time to
day to the. consideration of appointments
for the Board of Health. Labor Commis
sioner, the Code Commission, Commis
sioner of the Bureau of Highways and
Registrar of Voters for San Francisco.
He Indicated last night that he would not
announce his selections until he reached
Sacramento. It is almost a certainty that
some of the many oilice seekers will be
relieved of anxiety before next Saturday
night.
Governor Gage was so busy yesterday
that he did not get time to go down to
the steamship office at the foot of Market
street and pay his respects to Hon. George
C. Perkins, the United States Senator
from California.
California Club Officers.
The following wore yesterday elected of
ficers of the California Club for tho en
suing year: President. Mrs. Lovell White;
flrst vice president, Mrs.- W. li. Mills'
second vice president; Mrs. A. R, Cotton;
third vice president. Mrs. J. H. Jewett:
fourth vice president; Mrs. W. E. Deane;
recording secretary; Mrs. John J. Seo
lield; corresponding secretary, Mrs. James
W. Orr; treasurer. Mrs. Hadwen Swain;
directors— Miss Kate Header Dr Amy
Bowen; Mrs. Colin M. Boyd; 'Mrs. James
Penman, Mrs. L. A. Hayward, Dr.
Dorothea Moore. Miss ■'■ try E. Parsons
Mrs. Asa M. Simpson and Miss Mary
Very.
General Eagan Here.
Former Commissary General Charles p.
Eagan, who was recently tried by court
martial and placed on the retired list ar
rived last evening from Washington, D
C, and registered at the Palace. General
Kagan was in this city about a month
ago and was recalled by the court of In
quiry to give further evidence In the em
balmed beef scandal. He is on his way to
Honolulu to visit his son, who has large
coffee plantations on the islands. Genera]
Eagan's wife is now at Honolulu, and
their stay will be a protracted one.
POSTUM CEREAL.
LED INTO IT
By Following, the Habit of Friends.
As I took my coffee in very moderate
Quantities, 1 really did not believe what
my friends frequently told me, that
coffee was the cause of the gas on my
Ftomach, which has troubled me for,
oh, perhaps forty years.
I am now a little over sixty. years
old, and I know that this gas trouble
came on about the time I was twenty,
and has been with me ever since. I
have denied myself almost every kind
of food pleasant to my taste, but with-
out any appreciable benefit. N
All of my friends have known of 'my
trouble, M it has been of such long
duration. me time ago I was called
to. nurse a sick friend who had Postum
Food Coffee In the pantry and used it
In place of coffee, praising it very
highly. For about a week I used it as
they did, as my only beverage, and the
second day I noticed a change in my
condition, and from that time on I
never had one attack of the belching
of gas. The friends, exclaimed, "Why,
where has your .trouble gone?" and
every one in the house knew that I had
been entirely cured by leaving off cof-
fee and taking Poetum Cereal instead.
You can depend upon it that never
since that time has coffee passed my
lips, and never will while I can get the
food drink, Postum. My stomach has
grown so strong since that time that I
can eat anything I like and now take
great pleasure in my meals and in life
altogether. I send you a list of friends
whom I know have been greatly helped
by leaving off the use of ordinary cof-
fee and using Postum Food Coffee in
its place. Some of these made very
flat, poor Postum, on the start as they
only boiled it a few minutes, but it la
generally known now about here that
the only way to get the flavor is to boil
it long enough. L. M. Graham, 729
Eighth Btreet, Oakland, CaJL.
THE LEELANAW IN HER NEW DRESS.
WHEN the transport Leelanaw was carrying gold-hunters to the Klondike she wore a black dress, but
now that she is under charter to carry mutes and munitions of war to Manila for the Government, '
her owners have painted her white. She was moved from Main street to the Government wharf a
few days since and it is expected she will leave for the Philippines to-day.
«-*♦♦♦♦♦<s>♦♦**. . . - . . . . ► ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦* ♦♦♦♦^^^^^^^^ . . . ,
COL. EGBERT'S
REMAINS SENT
TO WASHINGTON
Military Escort From
Steamer to Ferry.
LEELANAW READY TO SAIL
MOVEMENTS OF THE GOVERN
MENT'S TRANSPORTS.
Captain C. B. Johnson Appointed by
the Pilot Commissioners to Suc
ceed Pilot yon Schmidt,
Deceased.
The funeral of Colonel TT. G. Egbert,
who was killed In battle, took place from
the transport Sherman yesterday. Troop
M of the Fourth Cavalry and the mount
ed band came In from the Presidio to
serve as an escort to the remains of the
dead soldier, while Major and Judge Ad
vocate Groesbeck. and Major Fie and
Captains Plummer and Noble, aids-de
camp to General Shafter were the pall
bearers. The coffin was mounted upon a
gun carriage, both being draped with the
stars and stripes and the colors of the
regiment. From Folsom-street wharf the
cortege moved to the overland ferry,
where the 4 p. m. boat was met. The re
mains will be taken to Arlington Ceme
tery, Washington, D. C, where the inter
ment will take place.
The freight transport Leelanaw sails for
Manila to-day. When she is on the road
there will be a lull, as it will probably be
three weeks before another vessel gets
away. The Grant is in quarantine and
will not be .released until Monday next.
The Sherman goes on Hunters Point dry
dock to-day, and when she comes off it
will take sixteen days to overhaul her
machinery. The Centennial arrived yes
terday, thirty-five days from Manila and
twenty-three days from Nagasaki, but as
a case of smallpox developed during the
voyage she had to Join the Grant at An
gel Island.
The return of the Centennial to Manila
is doubtful. She Is used as a cargo boat,
and as the Snerman and Grant will carry
6000 tons of freight and 3500 soldiers there
will be nothing left for her to do for a
time, at any rate.
The Grant and Sherman will require -a
considerable amount of overhauling be
fore they can go to sea again. They went
from New York to the Philippines via the
Red Sea, and after doing considerable
transport duty among the islands came on
to San Francisco. In consequence a lot
of temporary repairs had to be made at
sea, and these will now be overhauled
and made permanent.
The Leelanaw takes away to-day a lot
of muli . and horses for the army trans
port corps and the guns and ammunition
of the Light Battery that left here on the
Newport last month. A supply of feed
for the animals and a small quantity of
army rations are also aboard. Every pre
caution has been taken for the safety of
the animals. The ship is Illuminated
throughout with electri* and a con
densing engine will supply all the water
required. At Honolulu the mules will be
landed and given a rest, after which the
voyage to Manila will continue. The ship
Tacoma, now out ten days from the isl
ands, will probably get here the latter
pari of the month. She is fitted out to
carry animals ami will probably go back
to Manila with a load of mules as soon
as she can be got ready.
The Valencia left Nagasaki on April 26
and the Portland Is seventeen days out,
bo both these transports should he"in and
ready to sail again (if Uncle Sam wants
them) by tho time tho Sherman and
Grant are ready for sea.
The transport Charles Nelson arrived at
Manila in time for the soldiers to take
part in the Dewey day celebration. The
chances are that she will be coppered at
Cavite and. used as an Inter-Island trans
port. '"7 f--;' '■■■'■■ •"■ "•-'*'
The Pilot Commissioners yesterday ap
pointed Captain C. B. Johnson a, pilot to
succeed Captain yon Schmidt, deceased.
Johnson is a brother of the pilot who
wrecked the Mail Company's steamer
New York, .and has not been to sea for
ten years. He came out here as master
of a sailing vessel and then went Into the
employ of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. He was with that concern for
a very long time and brought the Santa
Rosa out here from the East. When the
southern boom broke out Johnson relin
quished the command of the Santa Rosa
and went to San Luis Obispo, where ho
superintended the building of the Hotel
Ramona. He ran that concern a while
and then came back to San Francisco,
where ho engaged in the boiler-covering
business. ,
Harry Bennett fell into the hold of the
steam collier Progreso yesterday and
broke his nose and right leg, and E. J.
Brlce was nearly asphyxiated at the Cali
fornia House yesterday afternoon. Both
men were treated at the Harbor Hospital
and will recover.
"Pegamoid" urold, latest, best, perfect paint:
(ample bottle 26c Pegamoid, 83 Chronicle bi£_jj.»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, "WEDNESDAY, MAY .3, 1899.
A POLICEMAN
USES HIS CLUB
ON A BOATMAN
Wounded on the Face,
Scalp and Lip. •
ATTACKS WERE UNPROVOKED
CHARGES PREFERRED BEFORE
THE POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
Officer Frank Greenan Gets Back at
the Boatman by Having Him
Arrested for Bat
tery.
When the Police Commissioners meet
to-night they will hear charges preferred
by John Barry, a boatman on the water
front, against Policeman Frank Greenan
for unofflcerllke conduct In brutally strik
ing him on the head and face with his
club without the slightest provocation,
which is a too common practice with
some officers.
According to Barry's statement, he was
in a saloon on Folsom street a week ago
yesterday afternoon drinking a glass of
beer when Greenan came in, and, draw
ing his club, made a rush at him, club
bing him on the head. Barry ran out of
the bar into a room in the rear and took
refuge under a bed. Greenan pursued
him, and, dragging him from under the
bed, kicked and clubbed him again.
Barry got out of the place as quickly
as possible and went to a saloon at Fre
mont and Folsom streets. Greenan had
apparently followed him, as he had only
been there a few minutes when the offi
cer made his appearance. Greenan again
clubbed Barry bo bad that he had to be
taken to the Harbor. Hospital, where live
stitches were put in a lacerated wound
in his scalp, two in a wound in his temple
and six in a wound on his lip.
During the attack in the two saloons
Barry asked Greenan to arrest him If he
had any charge to prefer against him,
but this the officer declined to do, which
apparently is the most surprising feature
of the whole business.
* Barry made formal charges against
Greenan before the Commissioners after
making a complaint to Captain Spillane,
and the charges will be heard to-night.
As soon as Greenan was served with a
copy of the charges he swore to a com
plaint in Judge Mogan's court charging
Barry with battery. Barry was arrested
Monday night and the case was called In
* curt yesterday morning. By consent it
was continued till to-day, when the whole
facts will come out.
Greenan has been four times before the
Commissioners recently on different
charges, and if Barry's charges aro
proved against him the probability is
that he will be dismissed from the force.
PERSISTENT SMUGGLERS.
Steerage Steward of the Curacao De
tected With Contraband Mexi
can Cigars.
The steamer Curacao is keeping up its
reputation as a smuggler of Mexican ci
gars, or rather as an attempted smuggler,
for almost every time she arrives from
Mexico the customs Inspectors find on
board from 600 to several thousand cigars
secreted about the vessel for the purpose
of being smuggled ashore. On most of
these occasions the contraband goods
have been found stowed away in the
crew's quarters, but yesterday morning
the steerage steward, whose name was
not given, was detected in the act. He
left tho steamer at the Broadway dock
with a valise in his. hand, but was
watched by Customs Inspector Stephens,'
who asked him what was in the valise.
The steward made no reply, but dropped
the valise as though it were so much
dynamite and scampered away as fast
as ills legs would carry him. He had not
been seen again up to the time The Call
went to press this morning. The valise
was found to contain 800 Mexican cigars.
They were confiscated.
■ ♦ . ■ ■
We always have bargains on second
floor in ready-framed pictures, easels, al
bums, lamps and onyx tables. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. --,♦.-
Fought in the City Hall.
Bailiff O'Connor of Judge Graham's
Court and Secretary Frank Kane of the
Pacific Coast Society for the Suppression
of Vice came to blows in the City Hall
corridor yesterday afternoon. After the
fight O'Connor nursed a lump on his chin
and Kane a split ear. The case of R. C.
Clapp, owner of houses on Bacon place,
was being tried before a jury In the court
and one of the jurors had to leave for a
few minutes and O'Connor accompanied
him. Kane thought that O'Connor was
Influencing the juror and the fight fol
lowed.
Ocean Water Tv * Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Bait
rater direct from ocean. ' • ' v
UNCERTAINTY
RULES AMONG
THE DEMOCRACY
Anxious About Cen
tral Committee.
HEENEY PROTEST A MENACE
WILL BE FELT IN THE COMING
EIGHT.
Chris Buckley Said to be in the
Saddle Ready to Do Queer
Things With the Pri
mary Law.
All good Democratic eyes are turned to
ward the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the State Central Committee
which will be held in the California Ho
tel to-morrow night. On the face of it
there is nothing of Importance to come
before the meeting— only the appeal of
Heeney from the action of the committee
of one hundred In making itself the mu
nicipal convention of San Francisco; but
an attempt will be made to have this ap
peal the basis of the downfall of the Phe
lan body and its final exit from local
politics. The Heeney appeal has been be
fore the executive committee since the
last campaign and has dragged an uncer
tain existence through several sessions,
but the political pot is simmering for the
coming fight for city government and the
old case will be made to do duty in earn
est.
The Democratic campaign has hardly
opened. There are no definite combina
tions made and no factions In the field,
but quiet work is going on all the time,
and it is a safe prediction that before
May is well on Its way across the calen
dar there will be plenty doing in the
Democratic haunts.
Already talk of district clubs is being
beard and several of the districts are
fitted out ln this respect even this early
in the campaign. Buckley, too, is re
ported to have established headquarters
and made himself ready for something to
turn up, and the committee of one hun
dred is emerging from Its hibernation and
ls thinking of primaries under the new
law and a basketful of other things which
so far can only be guessed at.
The primaries are the main object of
the purists, however, and through them
much Is hoped to be gained. The present
plan is to put through a blanket ticket
and corral everything in sight, though
that means if the new law and the old
friends will only stand for it.
Under the new law everybody votes at
every one else's primary; delegates are
named from the districts, the precincts
or at large, just as the appointing power
sees fit, ami the committee of one hun
dred has come to the conclusion that at
large is good enough for tnem. The Idea
is to have the names of all the delegates
to the municipal convention printed upon
a slip and made ready for the willing
voter, and then to have nil the commit
tees" friends vote the slip by passing it
on the primary ticket in strict accord
ance with the law, but hardly with Dem
ocratic principles.
The delegates will not be selected to
represent any particular district; they
will be taken from anywhere there Is a
man who is willing to do the right thing
from a committee standpoint. District
lines and precinct lines will play no part
in the selection, and the proceedings of
the last election, where the banner Dem
ocratic district- received two delegates
and the banner Republican district re
ceived seventeen delegates to the Demo
cratic convention, will be repeated
The new primary law will cut the most
prominent figure in the coming campaign,
for it Is something untried and not viewed
without suspicion. The election at Stock
ton only recently called attention to the
first loophole, and there is no telling how
many more will appear before the local
politicians have had their swing at it
in Stockton it was found that one side
had no contest. Its delegates were per
fectly safe, and so the surplus vote was
used to dabble in the politics of the other
side, to the great gratification of the
bosses and the chagrin of the party med
dled with.
In pursuance of the new law, the Elec
tion Commission has issued certain orders
to govern tho coming primary and among
them is the following:
Each political party, as aforesaid, shall file
with the Hoard of Election Commissioners, on
or before July 8, 1.99, its petition authenti
cated by its chairman and secretary, setting
forth: The name of the party; that the peti
tion is authenticated by the proper officer
of the party committee; that It Is the Inten
tion of such party to hold a local convention
for the purpose of making nominations of can
didates for city and county offices to be voted
for on Tuesday, November 7, 1599, In ac
cordance with Section 1, Chapter 2, Article XI
of the "New Charter," and request a place
upon the official primary election ballot. The
petition must specify in detail the apportion
ment of delegates, whether at large, or by
Assembly districts, or by primary election pre
cincts, or by combinations thereof for the pro
posed convention. The petition must be veri
fied by the proper officers of the party, before
an officer authorized to administer oaths.
The clause allowing the apportionment
p{ delegates at large Is where £32 blanket
ticket finds its authority, and under that
it Is expected that the entire ticket of the
committee of one hundred will be sub
mitted to each Democratic voter regard
less of his district or his precinct, and
that in that wav the committee will lose
none of its strength by reason of having
to make fights in places where lt ls not
strong. Committee of one hundred clubs
are being formed In many districts, and
it is hoped to secure a strong organiza
tion, but there are others in the field and
lt will not be surprising if the anti-com
mittee forces should show their teeth.
T__ere>are Buckley clubs in some of the
districts and there are Central Commit
tee clubs, and there are more of all kinds
being formed; but the committee of one
hundred ls far ahead with its schemes
and its organization, and unless It gets a
setback from the action of the executive
committee of the State Central Commit
tee lt will play another big part In the
charter campaign of the Democrats.
FILIPINOS AT THE FAIR..
Arrangements Made for Many Novel
Exhibitions.
Much routine business was transacted
at the meeting of the board of trustees
of the Mechanics' Institute last night.
The privilege of publishing the daily pa
per at the Mechanics' Pavilion during the
Fair was awarded to Julius Biumenthal
for $SlO, and it was also decided to con
tinue the publishing of the Library Bul
letin and the contract for the same was
let to Upton Brothers, they being the low
est of several bidders. The board donated
300 volumes to be sent to the soldiers at
Manila, 100 to the Lick Old Ladies' Home
and 100 to the college settlement at South
Park.
A letter was read from Assistant Secre
tary of War Meiklejohn stating that the
quartermaster general .had sanctioned
the request made for the transportation
of 100 tons of freights and 100 natives from
the Philippines for exhibition at the fair.
The freight and natives will be brought
over on one of the transports, the latter
at the expense of the Mechanics' Insti-
I tute. Secretary Cummings read a number
| of letters relative to the exhibits to be
I made at the fair, which showed that there
I will be excellent ones, both from the Phil
| ippines and Honolulu. Everything ls pro
gressing nicely and the outlook for the
exhibition Is exceedingly bright.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sure Rupture Cure.
Wonderful Restoration Re-
ported From Boston,
Mass.
_
GEO. F. MULFORD CURED AFTER
SUFFERING EIGHTEEN
YEARS.
Despite the claims so frequently made that a
surgical operation is necessary to cure rupture,
the case of Geo. F. Mulford of Boston, Mass.,
who resides at 484 Bast 7th street, is pointed
out as a direct refutation of the surgery be-
lief. Mr. Mulford was ruptured for eighteen
years and tried everything known almost, but
failed to even derive benefit. His rupture waa
such that trusses did not hold him and for this
reason the surgery Idea was presented to him
as the last resort. A final effort was made by
the comparatively new method invented by Dr.
W. B. Rice of Adams, N. V., well known an a
rupture cure specialist, and in two weeks after
treatment began Mr. Mulford was practically
a cured man without having suffered pain.
operation, detention from work or suffering of
any kind.
GEO. F. MULFORD.
The Important feature of the Rice Invention
Is the fact that It hold! any kind of a rupture
no matter how severe it may he and is worn
with so much ease and comfort night and day
that a person scarcely realizes he Is wearing It.
The case of Mr. Mulford is somewhat Identic
cal With that of Geo. Hell of St. Charles>
Minn., reported cured by the same method of
treatment. It Is a wonderfully brilliant In-
vention, is sold at a marvelously low price,
and is the greatest blessing ever devised for
those who have suffered with rupture and
erroneously believe there is. no cure outside of
the knife.
Readers should send for Dr. Rice's illus-
trated book on the cure of rupture and mall it
to any one they know to be ruptured. Such an
act of kindness will he worth a great deal to
those who suffer with this great affliction.
V* rite to Dr. W. S. Rice. 418 U. Main st.,
Adams, N. Y.
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
YIN MARIANI
Marian! 'Wine Tonic
Marvellous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUOOISTS* EVERT-.
•fc'HERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portraits
and endorsements fro.
MAKI. NI & CO., 62 VV 17.TH ST., NEW YORK. I
t* hotixiba. YITALIS
■ygz*). ,8C1: '■"*■ la 11& a II I
THE NEW
Day. tt_fe<2Ufc, > CBcunu
iTtri«kD_j.*y^L fif if £_. ft , _
VITAUS :othCay •*?:„'« RFMFDY I ■
PHOBIC KS THE ABOTK 80th Day. . fl kitl kil 111
KKSII.TB. it quickly A surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
Rightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects J
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality, j
Power and Falling Memory. Wards 'iff Insanity and Donsump^
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having VITA I.IK,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail #1.0(1
fer package or six for 45.00 with a guarantee to Care or
tefund the Money. Circular Free. Address
*J VI. I'M CL' ft CO., 884 I'm. born St., dtleai*
Bold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
CD IT A 9mm vitality
l>icri V I I M LOST vigor.
rf£Ssj§h — AND MANHOOD
KguF~'\_ Cure* Impotency Night Emissions and watting
Mn4C| diseases, til effects of self-abuse, or excess and
wT^JI Indiscretion. A nervctoaic and blood-builder.
j^rt Vvr brings the pialt glow to pale cheeks ana re*
to-Jvt_____/ (tores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
sM____tB_W. box* 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
'Wf^^Sf^! guarantee to cure or refund the money.
tkrvita medical co., Clinton « Jackson st*., Chicago.
E. L. Baldwin & Co., Druggists, 8 Market, S.F.
ti^^tm^ RUPTURE.
TJ-styS^gS VSE NO MORB IROM
■KWSsrj^fntS^P^ Hoops or Steel Sprtnra.
P&m Rupture retained with easa
7 a I USE NO MORB IRON
tfgdM&r Hoops or Steel Springs.
mcSs' Rupture retained with easa
&^^f£V^y^ and comfort, and thousands radl-
\\ /my call CURED by DR. PIERCES
«_. />M Magnetic Elastic Truss. C_T Call at
\^Jr if flee or write for New Pamphlet No. L,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
130 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Franclaco.
*-^tf2__________WV Big G Is a non-pofsonot^
A<'___________^^^^^l___l remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jfflfflrcnnEfe^HjS < ; l(>.-t, Spermatorrhcea,
BKfXn 1 to _ daja.^ Whites, unnatural ills.
BfjtM Ocaranveed U rhargoH, or any lDflumma-
«TM»W not to stricture. . tion, irritation or ulccra-
f< "iPrerents contagion. tion of in v con 8 lucm-
f?i_lTHEEv«HB ChemioiCo. branes. Non-astringent.
I£_AciNCINNtR,O.BBB|. Sold by «ru«g:_B__.,
WWk 03 i __aßr nT B, ' nt ' v plain wrapper,
J-^H^^__' ' f__Wy\\ by expreng prepaid, fot
'•__^ES_____________Pf» g M ti,<k>, or .< bottles, »_.7&.
y '^B(r» v ■ Circular Mat «s rvtaagfc
"~ ' ™ ' - mi ■■ ■■ ... i ... _^»
! ____^^____^^AI)
' ® +® ♦ ®>® + ®-f®-f® + ®f®f® ®XS*®+®+®"*3+®+®+®-f®+®+®>®f®
icITYOF|l| PARIS
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. I
® 2
j MILLINERY DEPARTMENT |
i Special Importation I
® . ......OF ®-
I MIDSUMMER HATS I
® ®i
♦ Have Arrived and Will Be Shown on -£■',
I TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY, May 2»° and 3"°' i
**" !?
§ tUC\TW^— A choice selection will be opined at the same time of ELE- ¥'!
g 'bv/E GANTLY TRIMMED HATS at $10 and $15 each §
♦ ■■ ! : 4-
§_ MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. §
I I
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,. |
$ S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo. xj
® UNION SQUARE. ®U
+ ""
®^-^4-®4®4®4-®4^4-®>®-f®4®4®^®^®^'>®^®^®^o^®^®^®^®^®
Like a
Picture
Is a shirt and collar which are done up
at our laundry. Rough edges made j
smooth without injury to the garment,
and perfect cleanliness in every detail.
In one bundle we'll carry conviction to ;
you.
The United States Laundry. Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
■DISTTCIJI7C! FOR barbers, BAK-
JJAIUOni-iO c " - bootblacks, bath,
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera, |
dyers, floumillls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-rnnfers. tanner*, tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St j
y^Sk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625exab_(TST. Established
K-nflm '" 1* 34 foT the treatment of Prlvato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 ___J_L__J____rV ST. Established
In 1894 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
*S_M___»Mh ?5iH diseasewearingon bodyand mlndand
WkSBKsMiH Skin Diseases. I'be doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
ft_B___£_H___a_S ('nrencaarnnterd. Callorwrlta
Sir. J. P. wIBBON, Box 5 357. San Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
L2SSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St. •
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAEAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 8:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:85. ,
*:30, 6:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.'
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. _,_»; 1:80, 3:3tL
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at .
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 8:40, 5:05, ■
8:86 p. m. J
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park \
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
'. April 1«, 1 , ;
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. [ Days, j j
'7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am' 8:40 am
8:80 pm, 9:80 am Petaluma, 6:06 pm' 10:26 ana
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:86 pm 6.20 ;>__»
-_ . ,
Fulton, i
7:10 an- Windsor, 16:13 ant
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:88 pm 8: JO pra
7:80 am Hopland and 10:25 ar_a
3<Bo pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:36 pm 6:20 pcs I
7:80 ami 10:23 an»
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:85 pmi
8:30 pm 6:20 pm
* \ —^
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O a_s
and - n
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
*
1:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
:80 pmj 6:00 pml • I 7:85 pm 0:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
firings and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
or Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs'; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop.
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
K*»lreyvll_e. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and BaTtlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Boonevllle, Phllo, • Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Cum^
tnlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcotia and Eureka. :
. Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ;
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. > i
Ticket Offices. 66» Market rt... Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
.General Manager* Osa. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausailto Parry.
Commencing April 28, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:46. 8:20, 4:00. 6:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO, *9:00. •10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00. »1:46, »2:30, »4:00, 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. in. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. ;
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, »6:40. 7:56. 8:40. »10:20 I
a. m.: 12:80. 2:15, *3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, •»:«. - »10:45. »11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, •3:80, •6:16, »6:00. 7:00, 10:1S ;
p. m. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:3$ j
a. m.: 12:36, 2:45, 4:65, 6:20 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:01,
1:10, 2.40. 3:55. 6:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.^r.'-y
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ata'ns. I
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns. I
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)— I
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
};46 p. m. pundaj'B— _?L Reyes and way tta'aa. '
RAILROAD TRAVEL. J
MCTHEBH rAVINC CUJUrAMT.
(rAoiric SYSTEM.)
Trains leave nml nre tine lo arrive at
WAN ritANl!lW«'4».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Arr.lL 9, 1899. — ab__it_|
•0:OOa Niles, Ssn Jose and Way Stations... ,»B:43_i
7:00 a Benicia, Sulsnu snd Sacramento. . . . 0»45y
~:OOa MaryiriUe, Orofille snd Redding fis
Woodland _ l _i r
7:00 a Elmira, Vacaville end Rnmsey Brio*
7:»OAMartiner,Sanßamon.Vallejo.Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa i l lx r
8:»0a Atlantic Kzpress, Ogden and Kast.. BiaOff
SiUOa Ssn .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, FlccervUle,
Marysville. Chico. Red lilull I*! 8 *
BiZOk 'Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4tl3_f
»:OOa Martinez, Trrcy, La thro.*. Stockton.
Meroed and Fresno I«»lSff
OiOSa Fresno. Hakenlicld. Santa liarbara,
Los Angelos. Demlug, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 6t4B_» .1
lOiOOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43* j
l_t:«0M Niles, Llf armors, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Hanford, Visalia,
Porterrille 4iHp
•ItOOp Sacramento River Steamers •SiOOr I
4:ttOr Martinez, San . Ramon. Vallejo. _,_ ."1
Napa, Calistoga, Santa Rosa Oils* .
4ioor Benicia, Vaca» Hie, Sacramento,
Woodland. Knights Lauding,
MarysvlUe, Orofille 10:48 a
4i»Op Niles. San Jose and Stockton 7ilsp
4tBor Yosemite Sleeping Car tor Raymond IStlSr
8:0 Op The Owl. Fresno, Bakersfleld. San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles »j43a -
JSiOOp Paciflc Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 49:4.1*
S:3op Stockton, Merced. Fresno 18il3r
3:30? Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and Los Angeles B>43_L
S:BWF Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East «:43p
OiOOp European Mail, Ogden and East.... 0:43*
6:ooc* Haywards, and San Jose 7xl3*
•n:0(l r Vallejo 1 »«!•»
7>SOr Oregon Kz.ireßS.Hacramento, Marys-
ville, Redding. Portland. Puget
Sound and East 7i4»*
TSiOOp Vallejo, Port Costa snd Way Sta-
tions J10«»«_»
flOiO.lp Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East !»'*■<*>
SAN LKANDRO ANB UATWARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"1 Melroie, Seminary Park, ( 6:33*
8:OOa l'it«'lii*iir>r. Klmlmrst, tl»:l3*
<o>OOa San Leandro, Soath San t*o:4*t*
lO.OOa Leandro, Estudillo, 1«:-I3*
1:00 a • Lorenzo, Cherry ' «"»*•*
4BioOp a nd I«:l3p
*'£»' naywards. **%*
7«OOp , Rnni through to Niles -'.liZ
) t From Niles. j. 7t4a *
COAST DIVISION (Narrow iJange..
t£ (Foot of Market Street.!
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and. Principal Way Stations IS:03»
8:13 a Newark. Oenterville.San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Buttons 3 «30»
*Bil3p Newark, Centervillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, i
Santa CruTi and Pri_i.ip._l Way
Stations , • 1 0:38 A
4:lSp San Jose, Glenwood snd Wsy Sta-
tions 0:20*
Mitßp Felton, Santa Cniz and Way Sta-
Mods / 9:20*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ton SIR FRANCISCO— Teat or Mirket Street (Slip 8) —
•7:18 9:00 11:011*. M. 11:00 *2:03 13:09
•1:00 18:00 •8:00r.M.
_romot_.l_.HB— ef Broxdexv.— "6:oo 8:00 10.00i.i1.
118:00 «1:00 12:00 '3:03 11:00 *S:OSr.M.
COAST DIVISION (BrosrfUauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) '
•6: 1 South San Francisco «fi:Bo_.
•7:00 a Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30 V
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Crux, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations ISiSSp
9:00 a San Jose, Tree Pinos. Hants Cms,
Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:14P
10*404 San Jose and Way Stations •»:0«a
11:80 a San Jose aud Way Stations ftiSOP
•Si4Br San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Ones,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove •I0:8«4
•StXOpSanJOM and Way Stations *9iOO*
•4ilSp San.loieaud Principal Way Stations 0:43 a.
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:30*
»:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:»3*
6:SOr San Joseaud Way Stations 7t«Op
tlli43p San Joseand Way Stations 7:BQp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. 1 Sunday only, t Saturdays only.
■JMondays only. (Saturday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
Caliibrnla
\ limited
Santa Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves Dart
Francisco via Los Angeles at a
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUESW
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. thaj
following Thursday, Saturday,
and Tuesday-Arriving In Nev*
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-'
servation Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Da»V
Overland Express.
SAM FBJMCISCO TICKET OFF ICE— SH MARKET S^
TELEPHONE MAIN 163 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offloo— J Street.
Saa Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Sit
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 25, 1899, trains will run as followed
South-bound. North-bound.
_ 1 _
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen*
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger. i
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
"■ — 1 ' _«
7:20 am' 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm' 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:10 pm 4:13 pro
10:40 am 6:35 pin Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pro
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pro
2:15 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pro
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare I 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points aa required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
street. San Francisco. ■
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Ban Francisco, via Sausailto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and -:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur*
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even*
ings. Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. S. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. end 1:46, 2:34
and 4 p. m.
Fare. B. F. to Summit and Return. 11 40. i
„ IUGS. C2.QK & RON. £iti.. 621 Market »v j
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WAR AGAINST
ROADIE DENS
TO BE WAGED
Supervisors Take a
Decided Stand.
THE "THALIA" IS CITED
PLENTY OF EVIDENCE IS TO BE
PRODUCED.
Residents in a Rapidly Settling Dis- ■
trict Object to the Granting of
Licenses for Saloons to
Improper Persona,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 2.
Next Monday morning M. Casley, in
whose name is granted the license for the
Thalia roadside house on the San Leandro
road, must appear before the Super
and show cause why his license should
not be revoked. This action was deter
mined upon by the beard this morning.
The question of the disorderly houses
along the San Leandro road has become
one of paramount Importance during the
past three years, during which time the
territory has rapidly become settled, ow
ing to the electric road. Before this time
the county road was dotted with roadside
houses, but as there were no residents
near them their character was not ex- ,
ploited. Now it is different, and the hun
dreds of respectable residents in the many
settlements along the San Leandro road
have determined on a change and have
so informed the Supervisors.
This morning Attorney Kinsell renewed
his application to have the license of the j
Thalia revoked. He declared that apart
from the character of the house the li
cense had not been properly granted, and
he also stated that this objection applied ;
to several other roadside houses. The
ordinance requires that the applicant ;
must be shown to be a man of good moral
character and a fit person to conduct the
saloon decently. This is. not shown in the
case of Casley.
Supervisor Church said that Attorney
Kinsell Is not the only person who has
complained about the Thalia. A number
of residents in that neighborhood have
told him that the place was run in a dis
reputable manner.
Supervisor Mitchell said that since the
complaint mad*, at the last meeting he
had made some inquiry as to the charac
ter of the Thalia loon and had ascer
tained that it was not what it should be.
At the last meeting it was stated that
there had been an orgie at the place and
a man severely injured. Although the
complaint had not been made after the
style of a regular protest, still Mr. Mit
chell thought the board had a right to
compel the owner of the place to appear
and explain all about the light of last
Sunday week.
An argument followed between Chair
man Talcott, Mr. Church and Mr. Mitchell
as to the jurisdiction of the board regard
ing the revocation of a license when it
knew that the law was being violated,
' even when no formal complaint was
made. District Attorney Allen said that
the board could revoke any license at any
time it saw fit when It was satisfied the
law was being broken. Mitchell wanted
to know what evidence there was in this
case to warrant such a revocation, to
which Mr. Church replied that there
■would be plenty of evidence forthcoming
at the proper time.
PACIFIC UNITARIAN
CONFERENCE OPENS
FIFTEENTH SESSION CONVENED !
BY HORACE DAVIS.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
908 Broadway, May 2.
The fifteenth session of the Pacific Uni
tarian Conference opened in the First
Unitarian Church in this city to-night,
Hon. Horace Davis presiding and deliver- :
ing the opening address. Rev. C. J. K.
Jones of Los Angeles preached the con- I
ference sermon.
At the close of the services to-night a <
reception was given in the church parlors, j
and Colonel John P. Irish in a fitting ad
dress welcomed the delegates and visitors |
In behalf of the church. The real work of j
the conference will begin to-morrow
morning, when a business and missionary j
session is to follow devotional services.
Reports will then be received and com- i
mittees appointed, and during the day
addresses or papers are expected from j
Rev. Stopford W. Brooke of the American \
Unitarian Association, Rev. A. J. Wells
of Ban Francisco, Miss Lucretia E. Wat
son. Rev. J. T. Sunderland, Rev. George '
R. Dodson, Chaplain Frederick C. Brown, |
U. S. N. ; Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger and
Rev. W. B. Geoghegan. On Thursday
afternoon the election of officers will be
held and the conference will conclude.
The Woman's Unitarian Conference of j
the Paciflc Coast will meet in the same :
church on Friday morning, continuing
during the day and including the annual ,
election. The nominating committee of
the Woman's Conference has prepared
and distributed the following ticket for
consideration at Friday's session:
For president— Miss Elizabeth li. Easton
of San Francisco.
For first vice president— Mrs. Lloyd
Baldwin of San Francisco.
For second vice president— Thomas
1,. Eliot of Portland.
For third vice president— Mrs. Maurice
McMicken of Seattle.
For recording secretary— Mrs. Charles
Harlowe, 1015 Dolores street, San Fran
cisco. '. . •
For corresponding secretary— Mrs. Adam
Heberer of Alameda.
For treasurer— Mrs. William S. Wattles,
223,7 Dana street, Berkeley.
Directors for California— Mrs. E. A.
Kluegel. Oakland; Miss Belle I. Smith,
Los Angeles.
Directors for Oregon— Mrs. Rosa F. Bur
rell, Portland; Mrs. L. W. Sitton, Port
directors for Washington— Mrs. Thomas
Slade, New Whatcom; Mrs. Benjamin Ha- j
zeltlne, Seattle.
Representatives— Mrs. George
E Plummer; Berkeley, Mrs. William B. |
Seabury; Hanford. Mrs. Lizzie Coe; New
Whatcom Mrs. Thomas Slade; Oakland, |
Mr George W. Bunnell; Portland, Mrs. ,
Grace Watt Ross; San Francisco, Society !
for Christian Work. Mrs. Horatio Steb
bins; Woman's Auxiliary, Second I'm- ;
tarian Church, Mrs. M. Drummond; San <
lose Mrs. A. Leffler; Santa Maria, Mrs.
George C. Smith; Seattle, Mrs. J. H. j
Allen. _______^
FOR FIRE PROTECTION.
Oakland's Council Will Provide for
the Outside Districts.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The City Council
discovered to-night at its regular meeting
that the street sprinklers are working
nine hours a day and in order to avoid
coming under the ban of the Labor Com
missioner the matter is to at once be ad-
Board of Works was instructed to '
renort to the Council the best plan to
nrovlde protection for the annexed dis
trict by locating a proper, number of hy
dAn Ordinance was introduced and passed
to print repealing the ordinance appoint
ing an additional Police officer and au
thorizing the Chief of Police to employ
1 regular officer as dark. This will abol
ish the place now held by Lon Agnew.
The ordinance forbidding cyclists to use
sidewalks at any .time was sent back to
commute*. -, X,
CONTRACT FOR
DREDGING LAKE
MERRITT VOID
Big Improvements to
Cease.
A CARELESS AGREEMENT
I
MONEY MAY BE USED FOR
OTHER PURPOSES.
Contractors Have Done a Lot of Good
Work for Which They May .
Not Receive Any
Pay.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 2.
The contract awarded by the late Board
of Public Works is null and void and the
large Improvements recently commenced
are necessarily stopped. Judge Ellsworth
gave a decision this morning in the action
brought by F. W. Ruppert against Con
tra* O. P. Johnson, and declared that
1 for many reasons the contract Is mi
i valid.
In discussing the case. Judge Ellsworth
said •hat there are many intricate points
of law Involved in the suit, but a few of
them are all that is necessary to decide
■ it. "The city charter says," said the
! court, "that the contract must specify at
what time the work is to commence and
be finished. In this contract there are
' two provisions as to time; one states that
'. the work must be finished by June 30;
the other that the work must be com
pleted within one year from the letting
of the contracts. The Board of Public
- Works seems to have reserved to Itself
the matter of determining at what date
the work la to be finished. This is in con
travention of the charter. The contract
st.it. that the work must be finished by
June 30, if the amount of cubic yards
dredged from the lake does not exceed
55,000. There is no provision made if the
; number of cubic -yards exceed this
j amount. In my judgment the contract
• fixes neither time nor amount, nor does
it say that the work has to be done ac
cording to specifications.
"In the contract there were more speci
fications than there were In the adver
tised proposals. I see no escape from
these conditions, In the proposals there
is no provision for a gate at the Twelfth
street dam. In the contract this provi
sion for a gate is a very important item.
1 will not pass upon any other questions,
for these convince me that the contract
is void, and it is so ordered."
Much disappointment is expressed by
those who secured the commencement of
the improvements around Lake Merritt.
Johnson's attorney and City Attorney
Dow have not yet decided whether to ap
peal the case or not.
The dredging ceased a week ago, as
there was a doubt regarding the pay- :
ment for work done. Tne contractor has
built an expensive dredger in the lake,
has constructed over a thousand feet of
bulkhead of heavy timbers and has
dredged some thousands of cubic yards
!of mud from the lake. He has received
| one payment of J2OOO and has earned
' about $10,000, in addition to the expense
! of probably $15,000 for building, the
dredger.
City Attorney Dow says that the money
appropriated for tne work will remain in
tact, as another contract will be let. It
■ does not follow, however, that the same
j contractor will get the work. But as the
! dredger and retaining wans are necessary
i for the completion of the work. Contrac
, tor Peterson will probably be paid some-
I how.
City Treasurer Gilpin declares that the
' annulment of the contract will place
these $55,000 at the dlsposa. of the other
■■ funds after June 30. Under the law all
'■ moneys not earned in the several funds
■ by the end of the fiscal year can be
■ transferred by the Council to any other
j fund. t-^y
MASTERS MAY BE PARDONED.
Monster Petition Presented to the
Faculty in His Behalf.
BERKELEY, May Over 1000 stu
dents of the University of California have
asked the members of the faculty to re
scind their recent action in dismissing
from college the editor of this year's
Blue and Gold. Their petition, couched in
simple, respectful language, voices the
unanimous opinion of the entire student
body. Not one of the men and women
who compose the large number of under
graduates has refused to add his or her
signature. Names have been added day
by day with a readiness which only goes
to show that the matter is one over which
the members of the university feel deeply
concerned. All the students are united In
wishing to have Masters reinstated.
President Martin Kellogg was seen in
his office in South Hall this afternoon and
presented with the request and its long
fist of signatures attached. The president
up to this time has persistently declined
to discuss the reasons for Masters' dis
missal. To-day, however, he explained to
the committee who waited upon him with
the petition that it was the tone and atti
tude which the Blue and Gold had as
sumed toward the women students of the
college that had prompted the faculty's
action. :.v; _...\,r
"There "are faults and ldlosyncracles
which our professors may have," he said,
"and which we do not pretend to excuse.
It is a question how far those may be
made a legitimate Held for the satire of
the editor of the college annual's pen.
Well-meaning fun no one would object to.
But the Blue and Gold this year has
shown affront to the women of the uni
versity which is, to gay the least, un
gentlemanlv, and it was that particularly
which we felt deserving of censure."
Whether the faculty will be favorably
disposed toward the petition offered for
their consideration must remain to be
seen. The fact that it bears the signa
tures of practically all the women stu
dents in college may have some weight in
determining its disposal.
IS NOT A SVENGALI.
Dr. Anderson Pleads Not Guilty and
Tells How He Bathed His
Accuser's Feet.
OAKLAND, May 2. -Dr.' H. L. Ander
sen, the advertising Gollcitor charged with
practicing medicine without a license, ap
peared In the Police Court to-day and
pleaded not guilty, asking for a jury trial.
His case was set for May 11. Anderson
Bays that his arrest at the instance of
W. A. Boscow is "a piece of spite work,"
and he laughs at the published story of
his having exercised a hypnotic influence
over Mrs. Boscow.
"I do not know anything about the hyp
notic science," said Anderson to-day, "and
1 would not know how to begin. It is all
nonsense. Mr. Boscow's treatment of his
wife, while my wife and I stopped at their
house was of the worst kind and when
Mrs. Boscow threatened to bring suit for
a divorce we advised her to try and get
along with him for the sake of the chil
dren. ■ :
"Boscow has treated me disgracefully.
Why, I have spent hours bathing his feet
with warm water and applying other rem
edies trying to make him well and this
is the way he repays me. I have never
made it my business to practice medicine,
though I am a regularly licensed physi
cian and I never Svengalled a person in
my life." . ■_ . «.*v.
Son Against Father.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The latest develop
ment of the existing troubles between
Thomas C. Armstrong and his wife,
which, have reached the courts in a suit
to have canceled certain deeds covering
property valued at $15,000 and which the
husband claims to have executed when
he thought he was about to die, is the
arrest of their son, Samuel P. Armstrong,
on a charge -of battering the father.
It appears that tho elder Armstrong
entered his borne at Haywards yesterday
THE SAJS FBAISrCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
to get something to eat, when the son
set upon him and thrashed him co se
verely that he Is now under a physician's
care. At the instance of G. W. Langan,
attorney for Thomas C. Armstrong, the
son has been bound over to keep the
peace.
s — — «-. ■ ♦ ■
Merchants' Exchange Officers.
OAKLAND, May The Merchants'
Exchange held Its annual meeting to
night and elected the following board of
directors for the ensuing year: George
W. Arper, D. S. Ainsworth, D. C. Brown,
J. L. Champlin. H. C. Coward, H. D.
Cushing, F. M. Farwell, F. M. Gard,
Theodore Gler, A. Jonas, F. J. Lees, M.
Isaacs, Theodore Muhr, Walter Meese, H.
M. Sanborn, A. H. Schleuter, Fred Sin
clair, J. F. W. Sphst, H. turn Suden, W.
B. Witcher, J. S. Wlxson and Wilbur
Walker. - :. .v yyy
A banquet followed, at which Health
Officer Dunn and Professors Rising and
Jaffa of the State University discussed
"Pure Food" and other topics. Members
of the City Council.- Mayor Snow and
other city officials attended.
Builder's Contract.
Emilie M. Chabot (owner) with John Tuttle
(contractor), architects Shea & Shea. Grad
ing, bulkheadlng:, etc., for a brick and steel
concert hall on lot on N line of O'Farrell
street, 52:6 E of Powell. E 55 by N' 137:6; $1172.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open # until 9:30 o'clock.
187 Hayes street"; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
JMI Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; op«n
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until » o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: c.pen until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and a
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) -#V.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- >C_K
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. I^W _
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. a
Stated meeting and D. 3d THIS Jfc
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. May 3, at^£ ST
7:30 o'clock. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and ■
A. Stated meeting THIS (WED- Jfc
NESDAY) EVENING. May. 3, at 7:30 X.V
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH, Sec. /NT >
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- m
cisco Bricklayers' Association will be «Jl| j.
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- Ar^
ING, May 3, 1899, at B. B. Hall. 121 Lsf&
Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full attend- jjft
ance requested. Business of Import- Tl
ance. U)
E. J. BRANDON, President.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. H. Adams, in the Gold Bug
mine, near Clipper Mills, Butte County, to
deposit tailings in Grizzly Creek; from John
• McCollum, ln the Santa Rosa placer mine, in
Mohawk Valley, Plumas County, to deposit
tailings ln Sulphur Creek, and from the
Plumas Development Company, In the Yankee
Hill mine, near La Porte, Plumas County to
deposit tailings in St. Louis Ravine, ■ gives
notice that i* meeting will be held at room
69, Flood building, San Francisco, CaL, on
May 15, 1899, at 1:30 p. m. ,
ANNUAL meeting The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at the
offlce of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 9th day
of May. 1899, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of eeleting a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other 'business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 28, 1899, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by paid
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock ln the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the offlce of said Company,
number 327 Market st., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting ls to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness rt two million
flve hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), ln
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and Falling ships and ail other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By- order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Fteamshlp Company.
ICorporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
r-nrv ' ' ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE partnership heretofore existing between
W. WITTLAND and S. J. BRYAN, commis-
sion merchants, has been dissolved this day.
May 1, W. WITTLAND continuing the same.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. £520.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co., 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS' WANTED—
"C li. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
Strictly first-- Lass Swedish cook and second
want places together or separately; German
woman of education wants place to care for
children, will assist upstairs work; and many
Others, C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A REPINED young woman wishes position to
take charge of child over 3 years; good ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A YOUNG lady who has had some experience
in caring for sick, would like position as
companion to Invalid lady; no objection to
travel. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position to take
care of 1 baby; good references; country or
city. Call at MISS CULLEN'S. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl desires situation; cooking
and hour-ework; 4 years last place; small
family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Offlce, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell St., tel. Main 5332.
help of all nationalities await positions.
YOUNG cook, Irish, and a German second
girl, desire position in same house, Jewish
family preferred. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
■ Powell St.; tel. Main 5332.
A GERMAN girl, speaks French, awaits posi-
tion; second work or parlor maid; waitress,
i MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell; tel. Main 5332.
A NORTH German nursery governess; city
references, awaits position. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell; tel. Main 6332.
A GERMAN house girl; four years last place;
good cook. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A YOUNG woman with a child; good cook and
housekeeper; wages no object. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter.
A COLORED woman; young and strong; flrst-
class cook; 2 years' references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 312 Sutter.
A GERMAN, middle-aged woman; good cook;
$12 to .17. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutler.
LADIES, we can supply you with flrst-class
servants If you send to us your orders. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ■
RELIABLE, middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion; is a good cook: will do light housework;
city or Fhort distance in country; wages mod-
erated 55 Converse st., off Bryant, (between
Eighth and Ninth.
NORTH German lady from Ohio wishes posi-
tion as second girl, and willing to take care
Of children, in respectable German family; no
other need apply. 3222 Seventeenth St., near
Howard. ■ ■
STRONG woman wishes situation at housework
or chamberwork; is good plain cook; willing
to work for small wages. Please call or ad-
dress 737 Howard St., room 6S.
MIDDLE-AGED German-American S widow
wishes three or four days' work a week, or
half -days; pay reasonable. Apply 17A Rausch
St., in rear. '____;
NEAT young girl wants place; good cook; best
reference: will do general housework. Call
1007 Natoma St., near Eleventh and Howard.
WANTED— By competent young woman with a
•child.' situation as cook or housekeeper; city
or country. Address A. L., 817 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires '. a situation as
working housekeeper; is a good cook; best of
references. 124 Eleventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do house-
work or help in any kind of work;, city;
i wages $10. 44 Russ st.
GIRL wishes to do general housework for about
four In family. Box 65, Call offlce. '
STRONG, willing young ylrl' wishes situation
for general housework. 2608 Mission uU.
- " .-- ; --_>.'__*C£__3fc3ftseßS'' --■
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Cook, laundress and as general
houseworker in small family; city or coun-
try; reference. Apply for 2 days 747 Howard.
YOUNG German woman would like to do wash-
ing or housecleanlng by the day. Address 647
Chestnut st. ffyff
WANTED— Work by the day of any kind; first-
class laundress; . references. Address 8318
Geary . st. _
COOK— class, wishes a situation; city or
country; references. Call 530 Bush st, near
Stockton. ■
GERMAN girl wishes situation to assist ln
housework and wait In store; can wait at
table. Apply 96 Cumberland St.. cor. Dolores.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to wait on
table In small restaurant or work In- store.
Call after noon. 122 Eighth, first bell.
COMPETENT girl wants situation for gen-
eral housework; small washing. 1802 Howard
St., near Fourteenth.
WORK wanted by the day, week or month. 71
Ivy aye.
WANTED— GirI to assist ln housework. 32%
Clay st. _,
A WOMAN wishes a place as working house-
keeper. Call 1308 Clara.
RELIABLE, middle-aged working housekeeper.
Call 667 Minna. ■
COMPETENT girl wishes to do general house-
work, $25; best references. 932 Broadway.
ELDERLY' Scotch woman wishes to do light
housework; is good cook and housekeeper;
wages moderate. Add/ess 502 Stevenson st.,
corner Sixth.
COMPETENT person wishes situation to do
cooking; 3 years' references: no objection to
country. 1000 Washington st.
YOUNG lady student wishes good home In ex-
change for light services; near Heald's. Ad-
dress MISS DAVIS, 1432 Howard st.
TWO competent, neat German girls for gen-
eral housework and cooking ln small Amer-
ican family; 3 years ln last place, $25. Please
call at 142 Eighth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
housecleanlng. Box 322. Call office.
FIRST and second cook, all-around flrst-class
hotel and restaurant; reference; city or
country. Apply at 242 Natoma et.
COLORED lady wishes position as second girl
or chambermaid work. 840 Jackson st.
SITUATION by competent woman to cook or
general housework; excellent city references.
Apply for 2 days at 530 Eddy st.
SHORTHAND, . typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400, Examiner bldg.
LADY would like to go East as nurse or com-
panion for fare. Box 117, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
I
SITUATIONS IV ANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
' help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment .Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
FRENCHMAN, with the best recommenda-
tions, wishes small situation in a private
family. Apply to BERNARD & DEGER, Sl4
Sutter st. ■
YOUNG man, 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address 7238,
Call office.
YOUNG married man, sober, honest and
strong, wants work of any kind; understands
horses; ls a German. Address Box 135, Call
office. y.'y- ■--:
YOUNG Scandinavian wants work as Indoor
servant with private family; city references.
Address TOM, 519 Bush st.
YOUNG man from the East would like employ-
ment at any kind of honest work. Address
Box 342, Call office.
YOUNG man, stranger ln city, wants work
around hotel or restaurant for board. Box
720, Call office.
BUTLER, by young American; best of refer-
ence; salary no object. Address Box 144, Call
office.
YOUNG man wants employment as driver or
around store; good show card and sign
painter. Box 999, Call.
BARBER, young man, first-class workman, de-
sires position in country. Address H., Call
Branch Office, 387 Hayes st.
PAINTER, first-class, with staging, will work
cheap; day or contract. Address Painter, 536
Ivy aye. ■
UPHOLSTERER; German, young man; wants
work. 7 Grant aye., room 10.
JAPANESE young man wants position as of-
flce boy in. lawyer's office. Box 800, Call office.
GERMAN butcher and sausage maker wants
position; city or country. 44 Juniper St.. be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh.
GENTLEMAN having his own horse and buggy
desires position as collector for responsible
flrm; references given and bonds furnished.
Box 131, Call.
POSITION ln candy store or factory by young
man; willing and Industrious; best references.
C, box 134, Call.
YOUNG man capable taking care horses, cow,
garden; good driver; handy with all kinds
of tools; good referencee. Box 744, Call office,
WATCHMAKER and jeweler, experienced,
steady, 37, desires employment; town or coun-
try references. Address box 207, Call office.
HELP WANTED—
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
25 experienced waitresses for commercial ho-
« tels ln surrounding cities, $20 and $25, many
of them fare paid; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 4
chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid,
country, $18; 4 extra waitresses, $1 day and
free fare. C. JR. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
FAMILY ORDERS. "~~
Herman or Swedish house girl, $25, 3 In
family; house girl, small American family,
$2.7; German girl, 3 In family, for Haywards,
425; 25 girls for general housework. $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
YOUNG lady of some experience about 20-22
years old as cashier in restaurant, .$2O to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
MOTHER and daughter as cook and waitress;
private family; $50 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl; same house, Livermore;
2 ln family; $30 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter at.
RANCH cook; $25 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK for small boarding house, $25 per month;
flrst-class German cook, country, private
family, $36 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK, German family, $30 per month; cook,
Sausalito, $85 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
PROTESTANT nurse, grown children, $20 per
. month; nurse, 1 child, $20 per month; nurse,
$15, MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
15 HOUSEWORK girls. $20 and $25 per month;
8 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL to assist in kitchen, $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, hotel, city. $20 each; waitress
for country, $25 per month; waitress, sleep
home. $20 per month; 2 waitresses, restaurant,
$4 and $5 per week. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
LADY'S maid, $30 per month: English pre-
ferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month; country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
3 GERMAN second girls, $20 and $25 per month;
housework, Ross Valley, $20, Fruitvale $20,
Sausalito $20 per month, Modesto $20, Healds-
burg $25, San Jose $20, and other towns.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK and sleep home, $15 per month;
second work, Menlo Park, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse. 1 child 5 years old, $15 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ' '
COMPANION to an old lady and do light work,
San Leandro. $10 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
COOK, $30, American family: 2 boarding house
cooks, $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter. st.
SECOND girl, $20; nurse girl, child 4 years old,
$20; second girl, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, $30; sH?ond girl. $23; house girl, $25,
same house in country. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
WOMEN as baker, Institution, j $25, call early;
3 young girls to assist, $12 to $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St. .- . . ■
6 HOUSE girls for the country; $25 and $20.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
3 WAITRESSES, $20 and $15; woman for house-
work, $15, must sleep home. MRS. NORTON,
813 Sutter St. --.-■.
5 YOUNG cooks, German style, $25 and $30; 8
young housework girls, $25, $15; chamber-
maid and waitress, - restaurant, $18. MRS.
LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
COOK for men; German preferred; short dis-
tance: see lady at 10:30; $25. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell st.
WOMAN with a child to cook for a few men at
mine; $15 :.:..:. ........
Waitress, country hotel, $20; 7 chambermaid
and wait, country hotel, $20, fare paid; ranch
cooks, eto. MURRAT & READY. 634 and 636
- Clay r rt. J
HELP WANTED— Continued. *
WANTED— Cook, restaurant, night work, short
order, country, $40; chambermaid and wait-
ress, country hotel, $20; 2 waitresses, short
distance, $20; waitress, private boarding
house, city, $20; 3 German and 3 Scandinavian
nurses and second girls for city, $20; 2 kitchen
maids,' $15 and $20; French nurse, $25; German
nurse, $25; 14 cooks, wash and iron, $25, Jew-
ish style; and lots of other girls to fill places
too numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Typewriter and stenographer of ex-
perience: not younger than 25 years of age;
$6 a week. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sut-
ter st. 7 y'-~-~- -' y~-
-25 YOUNG girls for housework; waitresses for
hotels f waitresses for restaurants"; young girl
to take care of baby; young girls to assist.
MISS DILLON. 315 Sutter; phone Main 804.
WANTED— Laundress, country hotel, fare ad-
vanced; $20. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
WANTED— girl; cooking and housework;
small family; $20; references. Call between
9-12 a. m., 908 Devisadero st. a
YOUNG girl wanted to take care of 2 children,
4 and 10 years of age; wages $6 per month.
Apply 121 Frederick st.
REFINED German girl for housework and
sewing. Call 1814 Washington St., between 8
and 10 a. m.
GIRL or young woman to do light housework
and plain cooking; wages $10. 1217 Palk St.,
store.
NEAT German woman for a small boarding-
house; waiting and kitchen work. Apply 221
Second St., from 7 to 10 o'clock.
WANTED— Talloress for flne custom coats; call
to-day. 425 Natoma st.
WANTED— coat finisher. 520 Kearny St.,
first floor, room 1.
ERRAND girl wanted. Apply 139 Post St.,
room 40.
GOOD sewers on evening dresses and fancy
wrappers. 6 Eddy St., room 55.
GIRL to assist in general housework; small
family; wages $10. 623 Octavia st.
SKIRT and waist makers wanted at 1407 La-
guna st.
TOUNG girl for cooking and housework; 3
adults: $12 to $15. Call 9 to 12. 1612 Scott st.
WANTED — who understands German cook-
ing. Apply 1815 Laguna St., 8 to 12 m.
WANTED— neat girl for housework and cook-
ing.. 1542 McAllister St.; call bet. 9-12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED waist finishers wanted;
French dressmaker. 509 A Sutter st.
GOOD girl, 17 years of age, assist in house-
work; wages $8, $10. 714 McAllister st.
HAND to help at dressmaking; $3 week. 1332
Dupont st.
BUTTONHOLE girls and finishers and opera-
tors wanted. Box 213, Call.
TOUNG girl for general housework. 1322 OFar-
rell st. -
TOUNG waitress wanted. 812 Larkin st.
CAPABLE girl for second work and assist with
two children; references. 1608 Fell st.
WILLING assistant lunch and kitchen; wages
small to start. 2105 Geary St., after 2.
YOUNG girl to assist ln light housework; $8.
710 Cole, near Chutes.
TAILORESS wanted on coats. 436 Bush st.
GIRL to take care of baby; sleep out. 703
Geary st., room 44. '
GERMAN girl to take care of children ln
afternoons. 2327 Bush st.
GOOD girl for cooking and general housework;
wages $20. 1269 McAllister st.
YOUNG lady to correspond and assist cooking;
mountain camping for summer. Box 732, Call.
ELDERLT lady to assist with children for
good home. 1523 Fifth st,. Oakland.
WANTED— lmprovers at dressmaking. 330
O'Farrell st. ; come prepared for work.
WANTED— GirI or elderly woman to care for
child and light housework. 721 Polk st.
WANTED— Third hand In bakery. Call 1529
Polk st.
WANTED An operator on vests. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 713 Market st.
GERMAN girl wants situation as cook or
general housework. Apply 823 Tork st.
YOUNG girl of 14 to 16 to assist in house-
work, good home, $5. Box 900, Call offlce.
GIRL for general housework and plain Ger-
man cooking. 1444 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG girl for downstairs work and cook-
ing. 1207 Gough st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS .7- CO.. 38% Fremont st.
~ HELP WANTED —
A
200 MEN WANTED
Teamsters 4 horses Coast road $2
Teamsters 2 horses Coast road $1 75
Laborers Coast road...sl 75
All for the Coast Railroad and Free Fare.
We ship daily. Office fee for above job $1.
Free Fare.
WORK FOR ALL
C. R. HANSEN & CO 7 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
20 scraper teamsters for railroad work, $25
and found for 4 horses and $22 and found for
2 horse teams.
10 scraper loaders, $2 a day.
20 pick and shovel laborers, near city, $2
a day; 10 laborers for a quarry. $1 a day and
found; choreman, Institution, $25; choreman,
ranch, $20; blacksmith, ranch, $35; carriage
painter, $2 25 a day; carriage trimmer; ma-
chinist, $2 50 a day; 5 milkers, $25: 2 screw-
turners, $52 and found; edgerman, $2 75 a day.
HO. LS AND RESTAURANTS.'
First-class butcher with hotel or restaurant
experience. $75; barkeeper, $12 a week; bar-
keeper, small country saloon, $20 and found;
baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $40 and
found; 3 waiters, mine boarding-house, $25:
waiter, country hotel, $25, city $20; cook and
helper, country hotel, $85; cook. 14 men, $25;
cook, small country restaurant, $35; dishwash-
ers and kitchen hands.-
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ERRAND boy, about 15 years, this office.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READT.". Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Laborers city work Laborers for mines.
10 pick and shovel men, city work, $1 75 day.
25 laborers, city $30 and found.
4 laborers for the mines, see boss here 9 a. In.
to-day.
MINERS. ...PLACER COUNTT.. ..$2 50 DAT.
25 2 and 4 horse teamsters, railroad work;
laborers for new railroad work.
FOR ORCHARDS AND FARMS "...
10 active men or strong boys for thinning and
picking fruit $20 and found
5 men for packing and drying house of a
large orchard company $20 and found
10 milkers, city and country. $30 and $25 and
found
Harnessmaker for ranch $30 and found
4 steam block setters, sawmill, $52 and
found; camp blacksmiths, $60 and $45 and
found; blacksmith's helper, country shop,
$32 60 and found; stablemen, city and country,
$35 and $30; farmers and miners; working
foreman sheep ranch.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WAITER for the mines, $25 and found; -Ger-
man waiter, $25 and found; waiter and make
beds, plain place, $20 and found; cooks, etc.,
$30 and $40. MURRA-. & READT,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— AII-round machinist for mine, $2 50
day; 3 blacksmiths for camp, $60; 2 jobbing
blacksmiths and shoers, $40 and $42 50 month
and board; 6 woodchoppers, 75 cents to $1 35
cord; 2 stablemen. $20 and $25, for private
family in country; 8 milkers, $25 and $30; la-
borers and car man for mine, $26 and $30;
man who understands manipulating Steams
blocks for mill, $50 and board; butter and
cheese- maker for Oregon, $35; 50 laborers and
teamsters, $1 75 day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Ranch cook. $18: night cook and
baker for laborers' camp, $40; night cook, $40;
one day and one night cook, country restau-
rant, $35 each; French cook, country restau-
rant, $60; 3 kitchen men for coffee houses, $20
and $25, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.
WANTED Cook and wife, private family; $50;
short distance. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. ',-•"''
WANTED 2 working farm foremen, $50 month
and $500 year; wood turner; man to run
jointer for tank work; carriage painter;
Scotch sheepherder, $25; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— near city, $40 and
found; plain ranch blacksmith, no shoeing,
$30 and board; 2 milkers, good job, $30; 2
milkers, steady job, $25, near city; butcher,
'small country shop, $25; 4 • crosscut sawyers,
$26 and board; 10 men to work in the woods
for logging camp, $26 and board; tiemakers
and woodchoppers; 10 laborers for city, $26
and board; choreman for private place, near
city, $20 and found; man to milk 4 cows,
make a little butter and do chores, small pril
vate ranch, near city, $20 and found; 20 farm-
ers* $20 and $26; old man about nursery, $10
and found; farmer for orchard, $20; waiter
for Nevada, ' $40, and others. W. D EWER
6 C 0... 610 Clay st. . ■ .
WANTED— order cook, $40; waiter for
mess, mining camp, $25; omnibus, $30- as-
sistant waiter, country, $20; German waiter
$25 and room; gardener, $25; nurse, $25- mari
for resort, $15, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stock-
ton st. : . -
MAN and wife as cook and waitress. $50 Der
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st . •
MILKER and butter maker for country; $20
per month; call early. MISS CULLEN - . 3"5
Sutter st.
WANTED— man to clean up bakery and
carry out small orders; wages, $15 and board'
no room. 11l Larkin «t. : \ '
WANTED— man to work ln fruit store.
Call at 213 Sixth »t. ■-
HELP "WANTED— Continued,
GOOD shoemaker. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro.
SECOND cook wanted. 432 Fifth st.
CARPENTERS; Guerrero St., near Army.
HENRY FEIGE.
CABINET maker wanted. Apply 510 Fifth st.
PAPER hanger. 1512 Polk st.
BOOTBLAC-.-. wanted: must be first-class man;
apply at once. 100 Market st.
WANTED— man, satisfied with, sl2 per
week, in light outdoor business; must have
small capital. 1032 Market St., room 4.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
WANTED— Lunch counter waiter, $20 per
month and found to start with. Address box
132, Call office.
TO go this week— pairs men's chocs, some
nearly new, from EOc to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MEN wanted— Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell & Buckman. between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co.; take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
$1, Oakdale to Sonora. will be refunded if
men work one month. Apply at room 4. 302
Montgomery st. '
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: our
catalogue explains how we teach the barber
trade in eight weeks; write to-day. Moler's
Barber College, 635 Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; good prices and
steady work. Apply to MACKINNON &
HART, Merchant Tailors, Oroville, Butte
County, Cal. '
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be :of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
inches and 6«feet 1 inch ln height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellls st., San Francisco, Cal.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. : single,
10c, 15c night; 60c, 90c week; reading room.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast. Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
160 MEN for cleanest houses ln city; "Cen-
tral House," 871 Market, and "Branch
House," 861; 15c to 50c night; all dally papers
ln reading room.
WANTED— 2O teamsters and laborers at
Devisadero and Broadway.
YOUNG men (non-union) for coasting vessels;
good wages guaranteed. HERMAN'S, 26
Steuart st.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
■ Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau. 1125 Market st W. J. i.rideshaw. Sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Bee, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
150 MEN to take best single room, 15c night; $1
week; "France House," 149 3d St., and "Oak-
land House," 664% Howard st; reading room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Fd Rolkin. Reno House Proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, .ac night: reading room; free
"bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House, 417 Xc -ny— Rooms from 25c
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 135% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 23c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
MEN and, women, good address, to travel- and
appoint agents: salary $75 month; expenses;
rapid advancement: unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address with reference, BUTLER
*• ALOER. New Haven. Conn.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— Bright young lady with $50 as part-
ner with gentleman in light, genteel busi-
ness; investment doubled in one month. Call
room 4, 821 Mission st.
WOMAN wants man partner ln chicken ranch.
30 Hannah st., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a partner ln fair
paying saloon; terms reasonable. Box 110,
Call offlce. . - '
MISCELLANEOUS.
LAUNCH, 25 to 30 ft., with or without engine;
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission.
~ DENTISTS.
DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth St. *
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 flrst
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
' tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason et., corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work 'reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices' in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor, 6th.
SET of teeth without a piste. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
————_—__
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $30; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even.; San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn lt practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
HORSES.
FOR sale— head of mares and geldings;
broke and unbroke; 4 to 8 years old; weigh-
ing from 1100 to 1550 pounds; Belgian -took;
solid collars. At the Canty Ranch, Gray-
son, Cal. \ytf-yy.~yf-'
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
•27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ■
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE St
MENDENHALL'3 sale yard. 1732 Market st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
S-SEATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130% Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra flne delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
200 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts
i buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Poison, st.
PERSONALS. ■
CANARY birds wanted to buy. Address boa
721, Call. ■ - ■-, '■ .
LEDERER'S Quintonica. only preparation that
does no injury to the scalp, $35c bot. switches
$1 up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the only up to date hair dresser;
price, 25c; switches. $1 up; see window dis-
play- this week. Lederer's Foamo Shampoo.
Sc pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
AT LINCOLN BROS.— IO lbs. rolled oats, 25c;
butter, 25c roll; 20 lbs. granulated sugar, $1;
lbs. coffee, $1; flour, 75c sack; 10 cans jelly,
$1; picnic hams. 7c lb. _ _
LINCOLN BROS.. 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy In the world; Imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists. NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, . and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BEST iunch in town. 75c, •at the Pup l.otls-
serle, 12-14 Stockton st.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero
St., near Twenty-fifth; Guerrero-st cars.
JOSEPH VENTS" terms for singing lessons:
Classes. $2, $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (one weekly); $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.);s2o*4w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO.. manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kind*
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 488 Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
MISS YON BERG, of 228 Taylor, moved to 204
Ellis (The Clifford), rooms 49 and 50.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st, bet. 7th and Bth.-
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy, st.
WANTED—- Old gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.T. TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no In-
* jection ;guantd. Dr. 514 Plne.ab.Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J NEUMANN. 121 6th.
1 * :
yffi -JRESSMAKERS. isjy
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
over; perfect flt. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1; plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts. 25c. 910 Pine st.
I ■ 'I
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Busn
st. ; 15 years' experience: references given.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings. $1. 232 Stockton st.
EDWARD EARLE, 330 Ellis st.; circle to-
night, Wednesday, May 3; 25c.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrist: 11 to 5; SOc;
circles evenings except Sat.. 10c. 1724 Market
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slat*
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p m. ;
Mon.. 8; ?sc: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIR VOI ANTS.
A— A— A— A— A—
PROFESSOR MAX DUBOIS,
Celebrated clairvoyant trance medium and
expert palmist of Paris (France). Offlce.
1130 MARKET ST.,
Between Mason and. Taylor Sts.
Mr. Dubois is recognized by the press,
medical faculty and scientists generally as
the foremost and most able practioner of
pure and honest clairvoyancy in this country.
Five minutes spent with him will convince
every skeptic that he has nothing in common
with that class of so-called "mediums" that
Invest every city In this country. Without
asking a single question he reveals your
past, present and future life, calling your
iriends and enemies by full name. He helps
the unfortunate and lends his power (which
is stronger than that of any medium now
ln San Francisco) to help every caller to
succeed ln the realization of their desires.
Unhappy lovers, unsuccessful- business men,
those Inflicted with so-called "incurable"
diseases, will find Professor Dubois a true
friend who will set them aright and help
them to their success and happiness.
No matter what your trouble may be, con-
sult Professor. Dubois and you will depart
thoroughly satisfied that there is at least
one reliable medium now ln your city.
Professor Dubois' charges are moderate,
and within the reach of all. The small fee
of $1 charged on all consultations. Dally
and Sunday, 10 a. m. to 7 p. m. Absolute
satisfaction guaranteed. Letters must con-
tain $1 if answer is expected. Palmistry
taught; mediumship developed. Address
PROFESSOR DUBOIS. 1130 Market St.
A-MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN PRAN-
CISCO,
AT 1023% MARKET STREET, *
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove In-
fluence, bad habits; will give correct informa-
tion on lawsuits, sickness, death, divorces, ab-
sent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms. *
To MRS. DR F. CLARK,
1023% Market street, San Francisco.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life reading; la-
dies, SOc; gents, $1; sit., $1 50. 126 Turk st.
TOUR future told by cards: ladies, 25c; gents,
SOc. 326 Larkin. cor. Golden Gate, room 6;
removed from 1033 Mission st., downstairs.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MISS BAT. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St., room 6.
MYRTLE POTTER— Celebrated card reader
from New York City. 865% Market. Parlor 12.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future: 25c. 153% sth, r. 21.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist,
719 Market St.. room 2.
_. :
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 406
Kearny St., r. 34; French and German spoken.
MISS /K. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st.. rooms 1 and 2.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netise ' 207 Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. -RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SY'BILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
__ ASTP.OLOGY. ~~
ASTROLOGY — Serrano, recognized brightest
astrologer In America; sketch of life and pros-
pects, send date of birth, sex and 12c. PRO-
FEPSOR SERRANO. P. Q. *»"* 5235. Boston.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St Ger
main*:. 615 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mail. $1.
A 777MMF V BUSHNELL. the famous palmist.
916 Rush st. between Taylor and Jones.
SEWING MACHINES. :
$2 MONTHLY, rentedT repaired, "boughTl^i-P
machine supplies. 145J Sixth; phone Mint 45.'
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer, White che_u_7
repairing guaranteed. 1916 Mission, nr. 15th'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged rented- _*__
i pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth •£ * **"BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— ssoo; WELL-STOCKED bar public pleas-
ure grounds; no night work; no tree lunch;
monthly receipts $600; rent $40; •-■. Parti-
culars ''■■ G. WILKE, 909 Market st.
A— sl6uo; SALOON doing a rushing business and
.elegantly fitted up; ppoeli the ferries build-
ing; rent $100; 3 years' lease; a splendid loca-
tion and an Al paving place. Call R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A-J2250; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
st., established many years; doing flrst-clas.
paying business; living rooms; dally receipts.
$30; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE. '.'co Market st.
A— s3oo, BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms, rent $32 DO; average dally ,
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE, 906 Market St.. room 6. I
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS' hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
lust 6 years; clearing above $800 per month;
47 rooms; kitchen: good-paying bar, etc.;
new 5 years' iease: always 200 or more steady
boarders; Investigate it i nee; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. c. WILKE. rm. S. 906 Market.
A— s2so- BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms- choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE. rm. S. 906 Market.
$600- it VKERY with restaurant; good horse and
wae in- large cash trade; retiring from busi-
ness cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market st. j __
$560— SALOON on Market st.; bargain on ac-
count of departure. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777 Market st.
$_*-O C-O--HOTEL; good paying old established
business; gning East cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN A CO.. 777 Market st.
$600— OLD established beer bottling business;
complete; flrst-class trade; will sell half In-
fer, st for $300. JONES & CO.. 865 Market.
$275— COAL yard and oil business; 30 years es-
tablished; great sacrifice; any one looking
for bargains see this. JONES & CO., 865
Mark st.
A-KREDO & CO 224 Geary st.
BUSINESS CHANCE BROKERS.
$150 — Cigar store; down town; a snap.
$150 — Barber shop; 2 chairs; clears $25 weekly.
$175— Branch bakery and notions; near school.
$2000— Drug store; $20 dally: value In stock:
din-tor's pructlce worth $300 per month.
STATIONERY store, bazaar; line paying.. s3ooo
Corner grocery; old established; good bus. 1500
Fine old established bakery 1200
Good-paying inch '.bakery 450
Variety store, doing good business 250
Big bargains. EITEL .-. CO.. 1016 Market sr
TO s-ll your business promptly for cash apply
HEALY' & HIMMEL 917 Market_st.
$260-=- HOME bakery and lunch room: make
offer. HEALY & HIMMEL 917 Market st. _
PARTNER wanted with small capital for an
established road house near San Francisco.
For particulars apply to J. E. SLINKEY, Old
Friends' Exchange, 102 Geary sl.^
$ir.e— PARTNER in light business: $1S to $25 a
week: nn experience required; list be relia-
ble. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st^
$.*v, --CORNER saloon, near Sixth and Market
sts.: private entrance, with rooms: receipts,
$1" per day. City Exchange, 1032 Market St.
SALOON; living rooms: must sell before 12
o'clock to-day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
$200^-RESTAURANT; oak fixtures; receipts $20;
Investigate. National Agency, 7534 Market.
ji:>a— PARTNER In contracting and office busi-
ness: will pay big money to en. li 15 years in
business; investigate; no agents. Box 656,
Call.
$250-r-BEST paying 2."0 meal restaurant in Oak-
land: must be sold at once; cause, other
business; present owner S years. 'all or ad-
,] r c< w.-. Call offlce, Oakland.
FOR sale— Restaurant ; must be sold at once;
no reasonable offer refused. J. M DUNCAN,
113S Mlssicn St.
BARBER shou on Fourth st.; clears $100 per
month; trial given. Box 722. Call.
CARPENTER shop and 3 rooms; ..... $6 50.
1725 Market st.
RENOWN cigars: 7 for 25 cents. BROWN-
STONE'S, 331 Ellis st.
GOOD business saloon cheap. East St., near
Folsom; receipts $15 day. Box SS4, Call offlce.
SHOE shop that will clear Sin* per month: good
prices; low rent: must sell. 332 Bush st.
BARBERS— Good shop for sale. 952 M --.on st.
PARTIES having a business of any kind or
c:ty an.l country real estate to sell or ex-
change should apply to Nat. Ag'ey. 7534 Mkt. :
SALOON for sale: good paying business ln
good bustnesp quarter. Inquire 729 Montgom-
ery st.. room 9.
FOR sale — The choicest ■•.-.'•- offered In country
hotel property; the Farmers' Exchange Ho- ,
tel in Livermore, opposite depot; 2-story
hotel. cottage, stables and outhouses: lot
J.'.ixl.'.n; water and ga.* all through the hotel;
elrgant barroom: furniture In splendid con-
dition: pr°s«nt owner for 20 years; old age
and ill health cause of sale. Apply to SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 328 Sansome St.. or
at hotel, for further Information..
$I.o<->— WHOLES ALE and retail fruit business;
sales HCO per day; established 13 years; splen-
did * han.-e for bright man. Box 210, Call.
$5CO— GROCERY and bar: rent $20; 4 living
rooms; rent paid to May 23. WICHMAN.
LUTGEN & CO.. 31S Clay st.
FOR sale — Good paying restaurant:. city front;
on account of - knees. Call 140 Fifth st.
$2000— CIGAR store; day trade. Apply 227 Bat-
tery st.
RESTAURANT and chophouse; north side of
Market st. : doing good bustness; will stand
Investigation. Address box IS3. Call office.
$600— AN old-established market; present owner
there 10 years. Box 174. Call office.
FOR — Carpenter shop with a well-estab-
lished trade. Apply at 609 tavla st.
PARTNER 1« wanted in a newly established
saloon business in a eood locality, and who
ls familiar with the handling of wines. Ad-
dress box 432. Call Offlce investigate.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 41.7 Sacramento st.
ROUTE en this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING HOUSES roll SALE.
16 ROOMS; FINE: CORNER.
NEW ELEGANT FURNITURE.
COST $1400— PRICE, $800.
14 rooms: on O'Farrell st 350
17-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
1! rooms; exchange for larger house.... 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350 :
64-room house; clears $3"0; payments.... 3000
64-room house; clears $300 1600 j
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450 I
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp sth.
10-ROOM house; 5 minutes' walk from Call
office; $7,50 DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 224 Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
$125— Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets.
$300—8 rooms, elegantly furnished: full.
$1500—18 rooms: very swell boarding.
Also a number of large houses from $.00
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
12000 ROOMS, new furniture, clears $150 per
month; 72 rooms: 18 rooms; 30 rooms; 12
rooms; great bargains; lodging-houses soli
and exchanged: money loaned at 2 per cent.
EITEL & CO., 1016 Market st.
FINELY furnished 21-room house to trade for
one of 40 to 70 rooms; 14-room house for $430;
18-room house for $500, north of Market. Ger-
man-American, 34 Kearny st.
SUNNY corner; 23 rooms; plainly fur-
nished; cheap rent; paying well. Box 1000,
Call offlc^
SACRAMENTO. 644— Lodging-house, 15 well-
furnished room-; rent $40; no agents.
$300—25 ROOMS; always occupied; furnlturs
good order: compulsory sale: returning to
Frunze. ?.1U Bush st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale- Furniture of 10-room house. 811
Mission St.; $200.
CONTENTS of 13 furnished rooms. 11 Pacific
street.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale. 637 Steven-
son st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market St., pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WANTED for cash— Furnished flat or small
rocmlng house: central Box 998 Call.
LOST.
LOST from revenue cutter Bear. Folsom No.
2, red Irish setter: 5 years old; new collar,
having engraved "Hector." Please return to
Grand Hotel or revenue cutter Thetis and
receive $10 reward and grateful thanks of
DR. S. .1 CALL.
LOST-On Tuesday. May 2. going from Polk
and Geary to Tenth and Market, between 12
and 1 o'clock, midday - email leather case
containing jewelry; liberal reward. 909 Polk.
FOX terrier bitch pup; I* months; tall half
black and white, not cut: head tan and
block; liberal reward. Return to 608 Com-
mercial st.
LOST— At Chutes or on Halght-st. cars, on May
1, afternoon, black-beaded plush cape. Re- .
turn room 62. Donohue building; reward.
LOST— $3 reward; fox terrier bitch; 1* brown .
and 1 mottled ear and black soots on back;
answers to name of Cricket. 12074 Devisadero.
LOST— May 1, blue cloth cape, finely .tucked, on .
road to cuff or at Sutro car house. Reward
st 712 Shotwell St.
HOUSES TO LET. .
A— lo-ROOM elegant house; reduced from $40
to $30; month free. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
GOLDEN GATE, 1206-Sunny 10 rooms and
bath; rent $45. ASHTON it GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st.
GREENWICH. M, NW. cor. of Taylor— One
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $25.
MINNA, 521, in rear, bet. 6th and 7th— s-room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, nr. 6th.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PERRY. 208— use, 4 rooms, yard; rent $7 50
mo.: water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. '
SUNNY 9-room house at 26 Franklin St., half
a block from Market; fine for room renting;
cheap rent Apply 15 Grant aye,
VALENCIA y- 1 rooms and bath; rent $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
[SHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, bet. li and 3 p. m.. eso
Guerrero st -
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— LOVELY Eastlake cottages (nice), only $12,
at SPECK & co.'S. 667 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE new flats reduced from $30 to $25. At
SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
A— NICE clean flats of i and 4 rooms, reduced
from $12 to $10 and $8. at SPECK & CO.
CASTRO, $68, near 17th and Market— New mod-
ern sunny double upper flat; stable; cheap^
CLAYTON. 572-574, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
FINE sunny flat; 5 rooms, bath; modern; $15; .
122 Alpine, near Haight and Broderi sta
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; stable, 4 stalls.
2702 Twentieth st., corner Hampshire.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms; sunny. 3808 Seven-
teenth St., near Sanchei.
OUR rent department goes. to your home; get I
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & j
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
SACRAMENTO, 1361—3 rooms separate en- ,
trance; rent $12 50.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro-Upper ]
tunny 6 rooms; $16.
$97 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms - $17.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Fillmore.
$14— FLAT; double parlors, dining room and
kitchen. 41 Hermann, junction Market and
Valencia.
$13— COZY sunny lower flat. 4 rooms; bath;
yard. 22 Shotwell st.
$14— UPPER corner flat, 6 rooms and bath. Key
grocery, corner /24th and Florida sts.
$2.7 NEW 8-room corner flat. Twentieth st.,
near Castro.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. '
1. 1. L15. 618— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms; 2
furnished; 1 unfurnished; rent, $12.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10. ]
FOLSOM. 1136 — 3 nice sunny rooms; complete
for housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225— Front suite; suitable for light
housekeeping; also single.
GROVE. 104. cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg. rms.; renovated; Incandescent lights.
HARRISON, 676—3 nice sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large !
yard; $13. j
HOWARD. 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
! complete: all conveniences; $1 25 per week up. I
HOWARD, 1144— Furnished or unfur. sunny (
rcoms. kitchen, gas. bath, hot and cold water. \
HYDE, 232— Sunny front bedroom; kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping: sunny single rooms
Jo up. I
331 KEARNY', near Pine — Furnished rooms |
suitable for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEXINGTON aye., 210— Sunny front alcove;
kitchen furnished complete; housekeeping; '
bath: .12 .
MARKET, -Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfur- '
nished, $7.
McALLISTER, 714—3 sunny front housekeeping
ru* ms; use of bath; $12 50.
MINNA, 371. near Fifth— Furnished large sunny
room; closets, stove, etc. ; private family.
MINNA. 516 2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping.
MINNA, 6124—2 rooms neatly furnished for
housekeeping: rent reasonable.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
NINTH 20. near Market— 2 sunny connecting
rma. for hskpg, $10; single, $6; stove; water.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suit- for light housekeeping;
running water; stove.
ONE large sunny room, complete for house-
keeping. $1 27 per week, $4 50 per month Ap-
ply at shoestore, 062 Mission st., between
First and Second streets.
POST. 1 27. near Hyde— Furnished housekeeping
suite; also single mom; reasonable.
POWELL, 143—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water bath attached.
SIXTH, 136— Large sunny room for light house-
keeping: $1 per week; quiet house.
SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
TEHAMA, 424. bet. Fifth and . Sixth— Newly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
THIRTEENTH, 175—2 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent, $8.
THIRTEENTH, 406, cor. Valencia— Suite of
sunny front rooms; nicely furnished, coal
stove", bath, telephone, $12 month; also single
room, $4 month. I
VAN NESS aye., 400— J well furnished sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
WASHINGTON, 602— Live downtown, save car I
fare; 2 sunny suites of 3 rooms each; cheap; !
no children.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant :
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. . r,y:.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KINO.
A— THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth New; aunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
BUSH. 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market-Sunny corner fur-
nlshed and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, Three unfurnished rooms and yard;
rent $8.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day, week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any bouse in the city.
ELLIS, 607— Newly furnished rooms with flrst-
class table board, $7 week; phone and bath.
ELLIS, 720— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double or single; reasonable.
FOLSOM, Sunny rooms in a private fam-
ily; nicely furnished; use of kitchen.
GEARY, 14A, opposite Call building— Single
room; running water; $1 50 per week.
GEARY, 556— Sunny front parlor; folding bed;
piano; phone; suites and other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Sunny front room; 2
closets; gas; water same floor. s
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK Housed 781 Mission— Select family ;
rooming house ; $1 60 to $6 per week. -
HARRISON, 7844, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all home com-
forts; $1 week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 819 Sutter— under '
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites; .
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD, 9534— Large, sunny, homelike: $1 50 ,
per week; bath.
JONES. 117— Single sunny front room; $$.
KEARNY. 209, 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms .
from $1 60 up; also light hkpg rms. ; transient.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished,
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ml— ;
vstor; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271 — Elegant modern sunny -
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason- >
able. '-.-;-. .y... ■ .■
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished room; reasonable.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 1899.
ROOMS TO Continued.
POST, 203— Newly furnished rooms, single and
en suite, from $1 50 to $6 week.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 36c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND. 62A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and rultes; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 229-Sunny front furnished room;
$4 60.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Furbished and unfurnished.
TURK, 424. and 102 Taylor— Desirable sunny
rooms; also 1 corner bay-window room for 2.
TURK. 127— Room for man and wife; single
rooms from $3 to $5 a month.
VAN NESS aye., 904— Elegantly furnished al-
cove suite; also single room; large closets;
running water; gas; bath; private family;
reasonable. 7: c' . .- . - : ; -. >.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, 807. "The Bingham' '-^California
and Powell-st. cars; neatly fur.; home comfts.
ELEGANT parlor suite; hot and cold water:
flrst-class table board. 219 Leavenworth.
ELLIS, 518— Sunny alcove room, with good
board ; $50 for two.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
O'FARRELL. 824— Elegant large sunny rooms
and suit; with or without board.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo..is; excellent board.
SUTTER. Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— front suite
elegantly furnished; single rms.; table board.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-68-68 Third St.; take elevators; French
dinners. 25c; also a la carte; tel. Red 2951.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1085 Market.: popular prices.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
POWELL, 148— Furnished offlce; good loca-
tion: occupied by doctor for 7 years.
CHILDRE;. BOARDED.
GOOD home for children. $3: Infants. $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
~ STORES TO L-j-T.
...............SMALL BRICK STORE -.
New/>»and near Fourth and Market sts.; with
2 rooms attached. Nos. 259-261 Stevenson st. ;
rent $80.
TO let or lease, as a whole or ln part, store
building 60x64, with concrete basement 50x
72; Haight, near Fillmore. Inquire 91$ Fell.
STORE. 22d and Castro; new building: fixtures
for grocery and saloon. Key 1254 Mission st.
STORE fixtures, showcases, suitable for branch
bakery; 4 living rooms: cheap. 2MS Folsom st.
ATTORNEYS Ai' LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. »27
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians 10714 Market St.. S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
LADIES— If you suffer from irregularities, ob-
structions or weakness, why submit to meth-
ods which are painful and dangerous, or take
drugs which only irritate, but never cure.
Don't despair until you read "Plain Talk to
Women on Avoided Subjects." Explains ail
women ought to know; full particulars about
vaginal and uterine wafers; cure in 24 hours.
Don't delay; send at once for book and symp-
tom blank: mailed free on receipt of 4c in
stamps in plain envelope, or consult us free at
office. DR. ROUXEL, MS Market St.; hours,
12-4 and 7-S p. m., Sundays excluded.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
rase before going elsewhere; they will flnd In
"her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $5; no Instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St..
bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours, 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$7; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by son.
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 7 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, i" to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A progress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
which saves trouble and misery; every woman
her own physician, always and in any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, ... ; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER, 818 Kearney st.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Imvles,
true friends of all Invalids, men ana women;
' 50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief.
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or Write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122. Market at.;
pills, $1; very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restort-s Instantly all
capes of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. .7; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation tree and confidential;
home tor patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write 10234 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance: pills. $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician in '.tendance; con-
sultation free; infants adooted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties beinj used;
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 {>■ m
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st. : $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed c, O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
MRS. M. HEHN. midwife; specialty REV.
KNEIP'S celebrated treatment. 2230 Mission.
MRS. E. 3. WILLIAMS, electrician, has re-
moved from 967 Mission to 601 Jessie, cor. 6th.
MASSAGE given by nurse. ROGERS, 1520
Geary st. Hours, 9 to 6.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. 7 >.
• STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
Ing. advance, etc 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
SOUSES and lots from $200 to $10,000
Ranches from 2 to 1000 acres, $100 t0.... 520.
600 business places from $50 to ....$ 5.000
.......WHAT HAVE YOU TO 0FFER?.......
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. or 15 Eddy.
PROPOSALS.
. PROPOSALS
To Print, Publish and Distribute the De-
linquent Tax List for 1898.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 25, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2C26
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis- I
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
May 8, 1899, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the
printing, publishing and distributing of
the delinquent tax list for the year 1898,
to contain the names of the persons and
a description of the property delinquent
and the amount of taxes and costs due
opposite each name, and a notice unless
the taxes delinquent, together with the
costs and percentage, are paid, the prop-
erty upon which said taxes are a lien
will be sold at public auction. Such
publication to be made and thoroughly i
distributed on a business day, at least
once in each week, for three successive
weeks, in a pamphlet fcrr* as a supple-
ment to a dally newspaper of general cir-
culation, published in the city and
county of San Francisco, in the
English language, and said supple-
ment must be sent and distrib-
uted on the days specified with every
number of the paper issued and distrib-
uted, by carriers, by mail or otherwise.
The flrst Issued to be so distributed on or
before the first day of June. 1899, and the
others weekly thereafter, and to desig-
nate the time and place of sale and in all
respects conform to the provisions of the
Political Code and to be done under the
direction and to the satisfaction of Ed-
ward I. Sheehan, Tax Collector of said
City and County; also, to leave at the Tax
Collector's office not less than one thou-
sand (1000) copies of each issue before any
demand on the Treasury therefor will
be approved. Within one week after the
first publication of said list fifty (50)
copies thereof, printed upon one side only
of a quality of paper which can be written
upon with ink, to be satisfactory to said
Tax Collector, to be delivered at his offlce
for use In the office. Also fifty (50) cloth-
bound copies. Interleaved, to be delivered
to the Tax Collector's office within two
weeks after the first publication.
The Tax Collector must have the privi-
lege at any and all times during the exe-
cution of the said contract of witnessing
the same and giving instructions relative
thereto, either personally or through his
chief deputy, or any deputy he may desig-
nate. . . JS ; ' „; :
All proofs must be read and submitted
for correction as follows:
First— Proofs must be first read by codv
and corrected by the printer.
Second-Submitted in slips to the Tax
Collector for correction.
Third— to be submitted to and
passed upon by the Tax Collector, or hl3
chief deputy, or deputy; if corrections or
alterations are made by said Tax Collec-
tor, or his chief deputy, or deputy, a cor-
rected revise must be presented to and
approved by him prior to the form being
struck off, and as the work progresses
when a form Is struck off a copy of the
same to be filed with said Tax Collector.
Payment to be made as hereinafter pro-
vided, and the bill presented to be veri-
fied by the affidavit of a proper and re-
sponsible person acceptable to the Com-
mittee on Print and Salaries of the
Board of Supervisors, said affidavit to be
; made before a notary public In and for
: the said City and County, and to set
i forth that the contract for printing, pub-
: lishing and distributing the Delinquent
■■ Tax List for the year 1898, has been fully
and faithfully executed and accomplished
j In strict conformity to and with these
; specifications.
The contractor or contractors will re-
- ceive a demand upon the Treasury of the
i said City and County for the payment of
! the contract price in United States gold
' coin, when satisfactory evidence is fur-
nished the said Committee on Printing
and Salaries that the said contract has
been fully and faithfully executed and ac-
complished in conformity therewith.
A bond in the sum of rot less than ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars, and with as
many sureties as the Committee on Print-
ing and Salaries of the Board of Super-
visors may elect to require for the faith-
ful execution of said contract must be
given.
Bidders will estimate with the distinct
' understanding that the Supplemental De-
linquent Tax List, If any, shall be pub-
lished for not less than one week, and
that the price to be paid for each assess-
ment on the said Supplemental Delinquent
Tax List shall be not more than twice
the amount bid for each assessment on
the Delinquent List.
I The space occupied by prefatory notices.
' remarks and explanatory matter will be
paid for per one thousand ems pro rata
wth the average matter in said list. Said
extra matter and pro rata to be com-
puted by an expert to De appointed by the
said Committee on Printing and Salaries
of the Board of Supervisors. ■ *-
In style and general character said De-
linquent Tax List must -übstantially con-
form to and with the list hereunto at-
; tached of last year.
Each proposal for ptinting. publishing
; and distributing such list must state:
First— The name of the daily newspaper
| published in said City and County In
■■ which it is proposed to so publish such
list.
Second— price to be charged for
each assessment, whether of real estate,
personal property or Doll tax.
Third— names of the sureties to be
offered in event of receiving the award
herein.
Each proposal must contain or have at-
tached thereto a sample of not less than
thirty lines of such real estate matter and
personal property matter upon the qual-
ity of paper to be used.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, Trior to or at
the time of the execution of said contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice
in three daily newspapers, and to also
pay the cost of the publication in the of-
ficial newspaper of the Resolution award-
ing him the contract. . -• <•*
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids, and will demand good and suf-
ficient bonds in the sum of ten thousand
($10,000.00) dollars for tho faithful per-
formance of the contract.
Proposals to be Indorsed "Publishing
Delinquent Tax List."
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
BAN FRANCISCO, CaL, April 29. ISO 9— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, ui_tll 11 o'clock
a. m., Monday, May 29. 1899, and then opened,
for furnishing, during fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1899. forage and straw for San Diego
Barracks. Cal.; also at same time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for Alcatras
Island, Angel Island, Fort Baker, Benicia
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
cisco, and San Francisco, Cal. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any or all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of American production, conditions
of price anil quality (Including In the price- of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on the Pa-
cific Coast, to extent of consumption required
by the public service there. All Information
furnished on application to Quartermaster at
San Diego Barracks or to undersigned. En-
velopes containing bids to b- Indorsed "Pro-
posals for Forage and Straw," and addressed
to Bald Quartermaster, or to J. M. MAR-
SHALL, Deputy Quartermaster General, U.
S. A.. Chief Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for fuel— Quartermaster's office
Benicia Arsenal. Cal., April. _*;. 1899, Sealed
proposals, In triplicate, will, be received here
until 11 a. m. May 26, 1899, and then opened
for furnishing at Benicia Arsenal. Cal.. dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30. 1900, fuel
required there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (Including In price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given tc articles
of American production produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption equired by
public service there. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propos-
als should be marked "Proposals for Fuel "
addressed C. H. CLARK, Q. M.
TREASURY Department, Offlce Supervising
Architect. Washington. D. ('., April 24, IS99—
Sealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 27th day of
May, 1899, and then opened, for all the mason-
ry work, roof covering, etc., for the United
States Postoffice. Courthouse, etc.. building
at San Francisco, Cal.. In accordance with
the drawings and specification, copies of
which may be obtained at this office or at the
office of the Superintendent at Ran Fran-
cisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR, Super-
vlslnir Architect.
CARPET CLEANING.
CARPETS thoroughly renovated, 3Hc yard
GREENWALT & CO., .27 10th: tel Folsom
181; Howard, Mission and Larkin st. cars.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 363-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st '
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates!
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 833 Golden
Gale aye.; tel. East 124.
________
PHYSICIANS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence.
1021& Market st., bet. 6th and 7th.
Satonwi.-^.^ ...^3H_i__Js*_
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. __. fff,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
A FORCED SALE.
Folsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec-
ond St.; fine bay-window house; contains 8
rooms and bath; lot 33x100; stable in rear; mort-
gage of $4000 can remain. _
$4850—124 Beulah st., close to Golden Gate
Park, bet Waller and Frederick; lot 25x13. :6,
with brand-new 2-story bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath, etc.; finished basement;
street accepted; open Sunday.
$9000— st., near Battery; 2-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70. '-■■•- -;--.-•;''■
$7250— Corner on Clay St., near Mason; 3-story
building; store and 20 rooms above; lot 2Sx*o;
under lease.
$300 CASH, BALANCE $25 MONTHLY.
$2600— Nice 2-story bay-window house on Clip-
per at,, near Castro; contains 7 rooms arid bath;
foreclosure sale.
$1700-Har.tford St., near Eighteenth; cottage
of 4 rooms, bath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:7x125. 7-7
$40uO— $500' cash, balance same as rent; Do-
lores-st. corner; new residence of 7 rooms and
bath; handsomely decorated; modern plumbing,
etc. lot 33x90; corner, 32x65, vacant; should be
Improved with stores and flats; Dolores st. is to
be made a boulevard to connect with the pro-
posed Park Panhandle extension. . - : : ■■■>■■'. -
$6500—1315 Mason St., near Jackson; lot 35x
137:6, with 3-story residence of 12 roortis and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 8
horses. .7 - ,
$S7so— Rent $87; Folsom-st. corner: fine build-
ings; all rented; lot 25x112:6; a splendid Inter-
est-paying property.
$7250—2 fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero St.;
rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
$500 CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$5000— Fine new residence, X rooms; hardwood
floors; beautifully decorated rooms; latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole St.,
near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$3350— Seventh-st. corner, near Folsom ;*lot 25»
80; ground rent $20. >.."■
BALDWIN & HOWELL,-
-10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley; $3250; easy terms,
or will exchange for San Francisco property;
in best portion of Mill Valley, near station;
extra large corner lot, with good cottage of
8 rooms, bath, etc. BALDWIN &. HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St.
CHEAP LOTS— CHEAP LOTS—
$4250— Presidio Heights bargain: 100 feet front-
age, running back to Presidio fence; on Jack-
son st., near Cherry; magnificent view.
$1400— Another bargain; First aye., near Jack-
son st.; large lot, 30x120; fine elevated position,
commanding a superb view.
$1000— $50 cash, balance $10 monthly; Third
aye., bet. California and Clement sts.; large
lots;- splendid neighborhood; you can build when
first payment is made.
$450 each— Very cheap; 3 lots on Douglass St.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-flrst; each 25x125.
$2000— Maybe less; Howard st., bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25:6x117:6 to alley.
$1475— 3 left: Frederick St.. bet. Cole and
Shrader; sunny side of street; cheapest lots in
Panhandle district; 1 block from the Park.
$8000— Sacramento st., bet. Laguna and Bu-
chanan; 40x137:6; select neighborhood.
$4750— Fine corner close to town; Page and
Laguna sts.; 35x57:6; suitable for flats; all
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING PROPERTIES—
$11,700— Rent $90; always rented; large lot, 40:6
x 137:6, on Leavenworth St.; improvements in
good repair.
$38,000— Large lot, 77x11.7, with double front-
age; good Improvements; always rented for
$3120 per annum; in wholesale district, north of
and not far from Market pays 6% per cent net.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
■> 10 Montgomery st.
INSURANCE RATES CUT 25 to 50 per cent.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
$40,000— Grand Investment near Powell St.,
renting for $400 a month; new Improvements,
lot 60 feet front.
$125,000— Grand six-story brick building and
lot 45:137 feet on Market st. : near ferry.
$40,000— East st., 45 feet front, near Market;
fair Improvements.
$4600—3 brand new flats; all rented for $52.
$20,000— Lot 40x90 feet, with stores and flats
all rented; paving $175; grand purchase.
$60,000— McAllister st. (business); 137x137 feet.
(42,500- Grand investment (corner): business
property; >-7x77 feet; renting about $300.
$12.500— G00d investment; vicinity Taylor and
Eddy sis.
$12,000—6 modern flats; rents $111; must be
sold. - '■ ■'<'■■
O'Farrell St.. near Orpheum; lot 25x
137:6.
$35*10— Six • flats near Seventh and Mission;
rents $50.
$3000— Store and 3 flats; few blocks from Pal-
ace; rents $40.
$2SOO— brand-new flats; renting $30; 1726
Bryant St., near Sixteenth; one-half cash.
$2000— Two good flats on Geary-st. car line.
$1650— Haight st. ; lot 25x120 feet,
$<*00— Cozy house of 4 rooms; lot 25 feet; only i
$2.70 cash.,
Wanted— Good Income properties.
A.-M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
$1350— 4-ROOM Cottage and lot 27:6x100: furni-
ture and 3 dozen chickens included. Dia-
mond st., near Twentieth.
$950— For sale, a 3-room cottage, with stable
and basement, near car line. Apply H.
GEORGE, 533 California st.
IF you have lets that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery at.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY - & CO..
Steinway dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter Bts.,
San Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broad-
way. Oakland. v-
A FEW special bargains from .140 up.
Weber; used 6 months.
Chlckeing; good as new.
Knabe; a bargain.
Emerson; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case.
Vose; walnut case.
$6 monthly payments: all guaranteed.
BENJ. J. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT high-grade piano, positively
new, sacrificed to-day at half price. Room
12. Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st. _^
HORNUNG'S pianos, praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine.. 216 McAllister st.
$125 FOR high-grade upright piano; just $150.
513 Chenery st.; San Mate.* electric car?.
UPRIGHTS, $89 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
R a! DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 303 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
M TILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE-^.VIisCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FINE sewing machine; sews beautifully; only
$9. 130 Eleventh St., call after 10 a. m.;
private family.
GOOD bargain: piano for sale cheap; must
sell. 1924 Howard st.
FOR sale— Cheap; 2 portable ovens. Call at
1829 Polk st.
A 14-KARAT solid gold American lady's watch
$14, cost $25. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 516 Mission st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offlce furniture, store and offlce
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
BARGAIN— H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st. .
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
8, $160; $4, $175. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission st.
POLYPHONE, $35: attachment (only), $15; will
, flt phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
* Call. 16 pages, sent to . any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. CORNER.
$40,000— Large corner on Golden Gate aye., few
blocks from Market st.; bank foreclos-
ure; must sell: 85x120. V.r„- -. -.; ;
MANUFACTURING SITE.
$12,000— 0n the water front at North Beach;
two 50 vara, having a frontage of 700
feet; must be sold; make offer.
A SNAP— PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
$7000— 50-foot frontage on Jackson St., near
Laguna; cheapest property ln the neigh-
borhood; must be sold Immediately.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
$6000— Sacramento St.. near Kearny, 2-story
brick building; store and upper floor
of 6 rooms: property held In trust and
ordered sold.
O'FARRELL ST. CORNER.
$6000— flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; '■
In good condition on one of the beat
corners on O'Farrell St.; street bltum-
enlzed.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
$4250— house, 2 frontages; street bltum-
enlzed; lot 35x115: forced sale.
BARGAIN.
$3900— Lot on west line Devisadero.' near Sac-
ramento: this Is a transfer point and
the only vacant lot ln the locality: a
splendid location for flats; lot 26x110
feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET SNAP.
20-room house; at small expense can
be made Into flats; house alone Worth
money; foreclosure sale; lot 21x130 feet;
street bltumenlzed.
A FINE CORNER.
$3(vC— On Castro et., near Market: good lo-
cation for grocery; lot 48x115 feet.
CHEAP HOME.
Cottage; 4 rooms on Twenty-eighth St.,
near Dolores; lot alone worth price
asked.
CHEAP MISSION LOTS.
$900— cheapest lots In the city: 57x114
feet; Sanchez, near Nineteenth; must
sell.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$760 Cash; balance remain: mortgage $2000
at fi'* per cent; nice cottage of 6 rooms I
and bath in best residence district in
the Mission; street work all done; half
block from Valencla-st. cars.
CHEAP BUILD LOT.
$500— One-half block from Mlsslon-st. cars;
street work done; cash above bank
mortgage of $250.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further par-
ticulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery st.
$2500 Cottage; 1 block from Castro-stl cars;
6 rooms and bath; modern; easy terms If de-
sired.
$1250— Cheap lot; Carl St., near Stanyan and
Golden Gate Park; 25x137:6.
$6700— New house near the park; 11 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished.
Must be sold; corner, 35 feet front, close to
Haight st.; make offer.
$3000— offer; 2 flats; Lexington aye., near
Nineteenth and Valencia sts.
$4000—2 flats near Haight and Scott sts.; this
property must be sold; rent $40; the chances
for a bargain are dally growing scarcer and
this should be picked up at once.
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO.,
19 Montgomery St.-
POINT RICHMOND,
25 acres adjoining depot site of Valley rail-
road ; water front of 'looo feet at a bargain.
Alta Punta Tract, San Pablo aye.. 2 miles
north of Berkeley; valley land; ln acreage or
lots; terms to suit; send for map.
Van Ness aye., northeast ' corner; 45x125;
choice property: look at lt.
G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
$2200— A NEW 5-room and bath cottage, with
all the latest improvements; lot 25x125; $400
cash, balance $25 monthly; Twentieth St.,
bet. Castro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
$1600— NEW 4-room house: corner lot; 25x80;
also stable. 1439 Shotwell st.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.- $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
hi block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or 118 A llth.
CO UN Kb. At, __.STA.TE.
26^LMORA lots, 12 miles from San Luis
Obispo, on tract of new railroad, for sale or
exchange for cows, restaurant or other prop-
erty at a bargain. MRS. BUECHEL, 20 Ninth
St., near Market, San Francisco.
$2500— Orchard. 15 miles south of San Jose; 12
acres 4-year-old prunes, house of 7 rooms,
barns etc.; good well of water; 5 minutes
from station. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL home In Napa Valley, 2 miles
from the station; 19 acres; part fruit: good
house: plenty of water; price $2500; your own
time to pay it; would take cottage as part
payment. Call or address the owner, IC6B
Fourteenth St.. West Oakland.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-9S addiess THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California it.. 3. F.
CASH, about 83800, will pay for house and lot,
6or 7 rooms. W., box 267, Call office.
FRUIT, grain and i .ock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & GO., 20 Montgomery st.
$5 TO $30 an acre: list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. . Shasta County. Cal.
vomers TO loan.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first: you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable .and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances en diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
LOAN on city -roperty of chattels; no delay;
furniture and pianos. ELSTON & THOMP-
SON. 239 Post. St.
ANY amount by private party on .'urnlture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell St.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould. 131 Montgomery.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Offlce. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LTCK. 116 McAllister st.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery St.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg.. chat-
tels, etc Harper & KrelßT.3l2 Examiner big.
~ LEGAL NOTICES.
~~~ NOTICE. ~~~
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application In writing
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company or. the 13th
day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question, It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution Was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su
perlor Court upon the tiling of said petition
and application that the undersigned as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such «d
plication by publication In some newspaper
published In the City and County of 4__n
Francisco, for a period of thirty-flve days
Therefore, all persons having any interest tn
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file In my office, -on or before
the 22d day of May, 1899. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the grantine of
said petition. * . *
In testimony whereof. I have hereunto set my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 1899. m>
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE
County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Clerk of the
Superior Court. -. •
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlclo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court. •
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco
April 14, 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1593 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, 1880,
also In accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872. there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear '
tt Co.. at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter !
St., on MONDAY. May 15. 1899. at 10 o'clock '
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force '
of San Francisco, as detailed ln an Inventory
thereof on file In the offlce of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.: also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and count/. '
Open for Inspection on morning, of sals.
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$25 CASH. $5 monthly till paid for, will buy 5
level lots and single dwelling: 250 feet new
fencing and shade trees; price $300 in all;
flne soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
in tropical Fruitvale Valley: settling up rap-
Idly: streets all graded: main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., near Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$."00— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month.
$3200— Lot 4_xl3S; flne new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1423 Park St.. Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT ~
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
4. 5, 6, 7-ri.om cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments:
lust like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
St., San Francisco. C.*on Sundays and holi-
days^
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. -DNKE. 1410 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes' walk from university; electrio
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet ln depth; flne view; only i
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
MUST be sold within a week: 12 50-foot lots:
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
$4100 — FOR sale; ln Berkeley; central business
property now paying 10 per cent; will always
improve. Address P. O. box 8. Lorin.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Mathijas Holmes and Mary Wright 34-38
H. P. Ladarre and Marguerite J. Ganc0.... 24-20
Philip H. Moll and Stella Ross 32-19
Seondldo Cortl and Santlna Gianninl 88-28
Alfred Gronger and Maud Cooley 23-21
Giovanni Zappetlinl and Teresa Serventle 1 26-21
H. J. Sullivan and Annie A. Gallivan 2S-25
TO LEASE.
country" HOME TO
In the hills. 900 feet elevation, 5 miles west of
Stanford University, overlooking Santa Clara
Valley: delightful climate; comfortable resi-
dence of 15 rooms, furnished or not; has Hot
and cold water; 25 acres of land well laid out.
In grass, flowers and fruit. Including 1400 fruit
trees; with barn, stable, outhouse, etc.; good
road and trail through redwood forest; must
be seen to be appreciated: will be leased to a
desirable tenant on reasonable terms on ac-
count of owner's Intended absence. For ttrms,
etc.. apply to JOHN H. GILMORE. 321 Mont-
gomery St.. San Francisco.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BANNISTER— this city, April 15. 1899, to the
wife of George Bannister, a son.
DETTNER— In this city. May 2. 1899, to the
wife of Ernest H. Dettner. a son.
KELLEHER— In Oakland, to the wife of Jo-
seph P. Kelieher. a daughter.
PRENTICE— In this city, at the Potrero. ; to
the wife of Zach Prentice, a daughter.
GORGOLL— In this city, April 28, 1899, to the
wife of Max Gorgoll, a son.
SCHWERIN— In this city, April 30, 1899, to the
wife of Gus Schwerin, a son.
STEIN— In this city. May 1, 1899, to the wife
Of A. H. Stein, a son. yy r ...y -,
MARRIED.
CAMPE— HOFFMANN— In this city. May 2,
1899, by the Rev. J. H. Sehroeder, Harry M.
Campe and Annie J. Hoffmann.
DIED.
Farrell. Michael F. MoGiilin. William P.
Gould. Earle E. Murphy. Ralph
Groggy, John Stanford. Jesse B.
Kermess, Frederick Tully, Patrick F.
Leahy. Mary Walsh, Thomas
Lincoln. Margaret Willson, James H.
Ludlngton, George C.
FARRELL— In this city. May 2, 1899, Michael
Francis, beloved husband of Mary Farrell,
and father of John, Frank and Willie Far-
rell, a native of County Waterford, Ireland,
aged 79 years.
(C_?*The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 20 Henry street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
GOULD- In Redondo, Cal.. April 80, 1899;
Earle E.. beloved son Of Walter E. and
Madge F. Gould, a native of California, aged
5 years a months an I 29 days.
• CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, corner Post. Services at Cy-
pres:. Lawn Chapel.
GREGGY— In Oakland, May l, 1899, John
Greggy, brother of Mrs. Henry Rollin and
Mrs. William Callaghan, a native of Farmoy,
County Cork; Ireland, aged 50 years.
E_FThe funeral will take place this day
("Wednesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of- Mrs. Henry Rollins. 22.73 Adeline
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 'J
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
KERMESS— In Elmhurst. May 2. 1899, Fred-
erick H.. beloved husband of Nettie Kir-
mess, a native of Germany, aged 47 years.
LEAHY— In this city, April 29, 1899, Mary, be-
' loved wife of the late John Leahy, a native
of Boston, Mass., ..... > 58 years.
[TTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 12:;:, Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LINCOLN— In this city, May 1, 1899, Margaret,
beloved wife of the late L. A. Lincoln, and
mother of Fred and Charlie Lin.-. and Mrs.
Ida Hecht, a native of New York, aged 63
years and 1" months.
ETTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Charles
Rorromeo's Church, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets. ; Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage. Remains at the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street.
LUDINGTON— In this city, April 70. 1899, at
his hi.me, 2,712 Fillmore street, George C. Lud-
ington, c, native of Boston, Mass., aged 70
years. (Boston papers please copy.)
[CTFuneral and Interment private.
McGILLIN— In this city, May 2. 1899, William
P., beloved husband of Mary McGillin, father
of Mabel and Marion McGillin, son of Frank
and the late Ellen McGillin, and brother of
Frank ami Jennie McGillin, Mrs. C. H.
Fancher and Mrs. Joseph Montroy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years.
MURPHY— In this city. May 2. 1899, Ralph,
beloved husband of Mary Murphy, and father
of Clifford and Margaret Murphy, a native
of California, aged 25 years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street. .;- 7v.','
STANFORD— In this city. May 2, 1899, Jesse,
Boyden, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. H. L.
Stanford, and brother of W. E. Stanford, a
native of New Jersey, aged 28 years 9 months
and 17 days. (New Jersey and New York pa-
pers please copy.)
CTFuneral and interment private. Please
omit flowers. yy.
TULLY— In this city. May 1. 1889. Patrick F..
beloved husband of Sarah Tully, and father
of Margaret, Charlotte, James and Charles
Tullv, Mrs. E. Ring Jr. and Mrs. L. Lut-
tlcken, a native of Scotland, aged 52 years.
WALSH— In the City and County Hospital,
May 2. 1899, Thomas Walsh, a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 21 years.
WILLSON— In Nana, May 2, 1899. James H.
Willson, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 69
years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMKAL___ERa.
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln ScnooL.
Telephone South 80.
IfIIcAVOY &. CO., I
i>lc/\\/OY &. CO.,
rt'NEivAL. Dll.__:*__'l_*RS ._. E_ut__».l_-_iER» !
1286 Market st, between Bth and .th. a
Telephone. Bouth 247. J
1112
GAGE AND BURNS IN
A SENATORIAL TRUST
Governor Slated to Succeed Perkins
in the United States Senate.
Major McLaughlin Is Not in the Confidence of the New
Alliance — How the Secrets of the Combine
Were Divulged to U.S. Grant.
THERE is not in the minds of the
leading politicians of California
the slightest doubt that Gover
nor Gage desires to appoint D.
M. Burns United States Senator
fnr California and that he will make
the appointment if the Senate admits
to a seat Matt Quay of Pennsylvania.
Recent events convince Senator
George C. Perkins and U. S. Grant Jr.
that an alliance has been formed be
tv.o.en Governor Gage and Colonel
Burns which contemplates ihe Candi
da* y of the Governor to succeed Per
kins in the Senate four years hence.
While the supporters of U. S. Grant
nt Sacramento last winter knew that
Gage was openiy hostile to ( irant they
oid not suspect that the avowed hos
tility had a deeper significance than
the desire of the executive (o promote
the political fortunes <>f Dan Burns.
"War was not declared on all who es
poused the cause of Grant. Senator
Perkins was. however, sharply criti
cised fur appointing a man like Colonel
J. P. Jackson to the office of Collector
of the P.*rt. The point was advanced
that Jackson, the holder of a lucrative
Federal office, contributed not one dol
lar to the Republican State Central
Committee. In reply to these com
ments Colonel Jackson remarked that
he contributed to the campaign, but did
not give to the committe*. as he de
sired his contribution to go where his
confidence was reposed.
There was a fixed opinion at Sacra
mento that Perkins was favorable to
Grant as the election of the San Diego
man would satisfy the south and leave
the field clear for the election of a
north man to fill the next vacancy
in the Senate. Jn this manner Perkins
expected to smooth the way for his own
re-election.
As explained to The Tall, the alliance
of Gage and Bui for Senatorial
honors does not embrace Major Mc-
Laughlin, chairman of the Republican
Ftate Central Committee. It is asserted
that the Major has not been advised of
the deal. Senator Perkins' suspicions
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
_l_______&ti_)__&_____________i&A__ft___________h4_&_C
* No Liquors just f
i Qood Groceries A
4 V\"En_rEP"DAT, May 3. New prices Sunday. 9
r Vacation supplies here, f
f. Good goods and goodj
Jprices — -outings needn't^
'cost so much as you think. J
w W
JSa polio 4 bars 25ca
f Makes all things bright. W
Uncolored Japan Tea.. ..35 c J
i Fancy Spider Leg ; 50c kind. 0
i Farina 10 lb sack 25
\ Isn't any better brand a
W at any price anywhere. ¥
Sugar Cured Ham. lb 9]/ c^
a Nice and plump; 8 to 10 lb. /
Fancy Layer Raisins.. lb 4c A
\ Choice pack— you gen- \
A erally pay ioc lb. 0
iltalian Prunes lb sc£
(Italian Prunes lb 5c A
Kx' ra si/'.-. A
W regular price 3 lbs for 25c. W
Anchovies 15 c9
A Carlson's famous; half- A
T pound tin. T
([Table Fruit can 10
m Eagle brand. Peaches and apricots. &
iAmmonia Borax Soap $
\ Good f':r .ill that «-L0 re Ot? r A
W good soap is good for / Utt - 1 3 .__>«_# Cff
f EIGHT SAVING STORES: f
A 735 Market St. S.P. 1311 Polk St. 8. F. A
* 1060 Washington, Oak Shattuck At, Berkeley T
A 9th * c».:, inpi-.Ti, " Central At, Alameda A
V E lCth* l?.th At. " 7th & Wood. Oak J
There are
higher prices
but not
higher
grades
in chocolate and cocoa than
Ghirardelli's. Even if you pay 50
per cent more you will get none
purer, none stronger or better
flavored — and above all none as
FRESH as the home made
Ghirardelli's
Cocoa, A lb. 25c ; 1 Ib 50c
Ground Chocolate, 1 lb 30c
Monarch Chocolate (vanilla', 1 Ib 35c
At all fair dealing grocers.
ID. GHIRARDELLI CO.
President.
______^ _.. .
were not excited until he went south to
attend the Free Harbor celebration.
Some facts were then brought to his
knowledge that opened his eyes. Even
then he was not convinced, but after a
conference with IT. S. Grant, which took
place in this city one day last week, the
Senator dismiss all doubt "as to the
alliance between Gage and Burns.
The secret as to the compact by which
Gage is to succeed Perkins must have
been divulged by some one high in the
councils of the Southern Pacific. The
fact that Senator Perkins received an
invitation to the recent banquet does
not signify that he is in the confidence
of Huntington and Herrin in political
matters. It is known that U. S. Grant
has powerful friends in the East, and a
word from New York may have been
Hashed over the wire.
The assertion that Major McLaughlin
has not been taken into the confidence ,
of Gage and Burns will not create in
tense surprise. The Major Is rated as a
good man for certain lines of work
He is exceptionally good to amuse big
public men who come to California for
recreation and intellectual rest. It is
not certain that Hervey Bindley has
been taken into camp. While he is re
garded as clever on the surface, he is
rated as deficient in depth.
The Grant men throughout the State
maintain an organization, and propose
to be ready to meet any scheme to elect
Burns in extra- session of the Begila
ture. Their main hope now is that the
United States Senate -will not seat Mr.
Quay of Pennsylvania.
KILLING OF SEALS
STILL CONTINUES
POINT REYES HERD PICKED OFE
ONE AT A TlMii.
Many Half Grown Animals Attempt
to Reach the Old Rookeries
Only to Be Sent to Their
Death.
The killing of the sea lions at the Point |
Reyes rookeries is still going on merrily. I
Yesterday Deputy Al Wilson telephoned
to Secretary J. P. Babcock that he is find- j
Ing enough of these fish killers at the
point to keep him busy for a day or so,
although the herd has been scattered from
the rocks upon which they used to bask
unmolested. The fusillade of Monday
was a jar to their nerves, from which they
have not recovered, but many are anxious
to get back, and consequently they fall
| victims of the rifles when they start out
on tours to prospect their old home. In
order to make things Interesting Mr. Wil
son says that he has constructed a rock
blind at the nearest point to the "roost
ing" place, from which he blazes away at
■ all that come along that way. It is cer
tain that in tins way he will greatly re
duce the herd.
As stated in The Call yesterday, the
rookeries proper are inaccessible from
any point except the water, and there is
but little Inducement for one to approach
the seal ledges from the ocean side. On
most of the tides the currents run toward
the rookeries from the south through ai
deep channel close to the foot of th*- high
cliffs. Nearly all of the prowlers approach
their old home through this channel, and :
as they near the rocks it is their habit to j
frequently rise to the surface to watch i
for dangerous intruders and to see if any
of their kind have been successful in get
ting hack. The result is a short, sharp
report that is carried landward by the
gale- which always blows against the face
of the cliff, and the seal rolls over dead
: with a bullet through its head.
Mr. Wilson's account of recent devel
opments is that the older seals are too
i clever to poke their heads into this dan
i ger, but the half-grown animals, driven <
from the larger breeding rookeries by the
! male monarchs of the herds, are compelled
to seek some place for resting, and they
i run risks that in most cases prove fatal.
These younger fellows are just as greedy
fish killers as any, and their destruction
is of as much importance as any. So far i
it Is difficult to tell exactly the number :
of sea lions killed, hut with the 150 i
slain two months ago and what have been
shot in the present expedition it is safe
to say that it will reach 800, and the game
has not been very plentiful either. Mr.
Wilson will likely keep banging away for
a day or so longer.
AN INCORPORATED CLUB.
i The Sunnyside Hall and Improve
ment Association Organized
Under State Law.
It Is the intention of the members of
the Sunnyside Hall and Improvement As
sociation to bring their organization un
der the dignity of a corporate body. With
this object In view articles of incorpora
tion will be filed with the County Clerk
as soon as they are drawn by the at
torney of the baby organization. The sum
of $2000 is Bel down as being the working
capital of the corporation. Of this amount
$205 has already been listed by the follow
ing members, who will constitute the first
board of directors: W. A. Merrill (chair
man), Gustave Schnee. A. li. Ewell. A.
F. Schneider, H. P. Hanson, John Bar
rett. William B. Pell, Peter Quinn, John
Stammer and John A. Johnson.
(in* of the first acts of the corporation
will be to build its own hall, which had
been decided on at the first .ring held.
The place selected for this site is on Sun
nyside avenue, near Acadia street, and
but two blocks from the San Francisco
and San Mateo electric car line.
This improvement club, previous to its
incorporation, did considerable for the
progress of the Sunnyside district. It
took a leading part in the sewer agitation,
wliich has for its object the constructing
of a leading outlet from Ocean View to
the Mission Ray, following the course of
Islais Creek bed. This and bringing to the
notice of the City Hall officials the neces
. sity of a schoolhouse and portectlon
against fire in the section represented by
it have been the means of drawing offi
cial eyes to this promising suburban part
! of San Francisco.
C. L. A. S. Bazaar a Success.
The. Catholic Ladies' Aid bazaar, which
closes on Saturday night, Id now an as
sured success. Mrs. M. Deane, who [a the
president of the society, so announces.
There was another' large crowd In attend
ance last evening and the booths, voting
contests and auctioneers did a lively busi
ness. One of the fearures of the evening
was the singing of Miss Julia Sullivan
the well-known contralto. Mrs. Dean©
said last night that no attempt was being
made toward giving a long musical pro
gramme for the reason that it interfered
with the business of the bazaar.
The ladles of the society are deeply
grateful to their many friends and the
public generally who by their generosity
nave contributed to the success of the
bazaar. The lunchroom as usual did a
large business. The indications are that
the crowd will continue to attend the
i bazaar until lt closes. .-*- . . .7 . ..
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents. $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkin.*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 3, 1890.
PROFESSIONAL BEGGARS
CAUGHT PLAYING POKER
Julius Klein and Herman Hoffman,
; Two of the Gang Arrested
j Last Week in the Market
; Street Resorts, Get Six Months
; for Begging,
- . ■ ■ .
JULIUS KLEIN and Herman Hoff
man, two of the gang of poker
players arrested during the raid
a week ago last Monday night,
appeared before Judge Conlan
yesterday and were each sentenced to
six months in the County Jail for be
ing professional beggars. Klein, who
is 21 years of age, burst into tears
when receiving his sentence and was
led from the courtroom in a lachry
mose condition. They were arrested
last Thursday morning at McAllister
and Buchanan streets by Policemen
Cullinan and Geiman, who had
watched them going from house to
house begging for money or clothes.
The money they received and the
money obtained for clothing which
they sold to secondhand dealers was
utilized In playing poker at the resorts
on Market street. They were so en
gaged when the police raided the re
sorts last week. Klein was among the
men arrested at the Metropoie and
SPREADING THE
GOSPEL OF TOE
BROTHERHOOD
Mission of J. S. Ingalls
to This City.
There are a thousand acres of land up in
Washington which is peopled by the mem
bers of the Co-operative Brotherhood. They
clear the land themselves, they will run
the sawmill which will cut up the timber
they fall and they have already stab
lished a cigar factory, which is adding
materially to the wealth of the little com
munity they are rapidly forming. Mem
bers are being enlisted from all over the
country, and they have grown in number
from the beginning of February, when
the scheme was launched, until now,
when they number over 4000.
The president of the Brotherhood is now
in the city— S. Ingalls— and his mission
J. S. INGALLS, President of the
Co-operative Brotherhood.
is the formation of new branches of the
order in this State. He has already ap
pointed Joseph Asbury Johnson State or
ganizer, and the first steps toward or
ganization will be taken at a meeting to
be held next Saturday night. Then the
plan will be explained to the public and
the proselyting will begin.
The method of operation Is through a
fraternal body, but this has reference
only to the social side of the plan. The
real Idea is embodied in the .colonies to be
formed whenever it Is found possible or
profitable to its members. On the thou
sand acres now in the hands of the Broth
erhood it is hoped to establish a woolen
mill. The sheep will be raised on the
ground by members of the order, the w0..l
will be carded and spun in the mill on the
farm, and the work will be done by mem
bers of the order, and It will be taken to
market in a vessel belonging to the order
and manned by members.
That Is only a start, however, but it
serves to show what the plan contem
plates. The order is divided into two
classes of membership— the resident and
the non-resident. The resident are those
who are on the farms and who do the
work; the non-resident are those who be
long to the order and pay a monthy due
for the purpose, and who at the end of
ten years are entitled to a place in the fac
tories of the Brotherhood and support for
themselves and their families. It is one of
the rules of the organization that when
j a member has kept himself in good stand
Hoffman was at the Palace saloon.
They will be defendants In the poker
cases when they are called for trial.
Klein was arrested last January by
Policeman Daly for begging:, and got
thirty days In Jail. The police give
him a bad character.
Judge Conlan, in sentencing the two
men yesterday, said they ought to be
ashamed of themselves. They were
both able-bodied men, but instead of
working for an honest living they pre
ferred to impose upon charitable peo
ple by begging and to spend the money
they received at the poker tables. It
was frauds like them that prevented
many charitably inclined people from
helping the really deserving poor, and
he would give them the full limit the
law allowed him. If the police had
placed a charge of vagrancy against
them, which .should have been done, he
would have given them the extra six
months each.
Both Klein and Hoffman claimed
ing for ten years the order is bound to
take care of him ami give him a chance
to earn his own living, whatever hap
pens.
For compensation the plan provides that
all the working members shall receive
time checks, the value of which will be
determined by the income of the colony.
The by-laws contemplate such an equali
zation of work and hours that one occu
pation will be as desirable as another,
Announcement ! j
We beg to apologize to the large number of our <
patrons throughout the city whose purchases we
were unable to deliver on our 5 o'clock delivery (
yesterday evening. This inability on our part was ,
due to the extraordinary rush of business at our '
establishment yesterday, and we earnestly hope '
that it may be excused by those whose generous
patronage has thus been conferred upon us.
A special delivery of all such delayed packages
will be made at 8 o'clock this morning.
We also rely upon the kindly forbearance of the
large number of our patrons to whom at our coun-
- . ters yesterday we found it impossible to give
more prompt attention.
if If Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ / *
\r \JF San Frfuiclaoo. /
May 3, 1899. •
that they were forced to beg in the
first instance, as they lost all their
money at the poker tables. They got
so infatuated with the game that they
lost all desire for work and hoped to
always win back the money they had
lost with the money they got by beg
ging. They had a regular, system and
had a list in their pockets of the
houses they had called at, so that they
would not make a mistake in going the
second time with probably a different
story.
and in that way the time checks will be
of equal value.
There la much more to the plan, but the
underlying principle is one that aims to
secure for the laborer the greatest return
for the labor he expends. The plan is in
its infancy and the farm in Washington
is the only one so far established, but if
it prove successful others will be estab
lished as the growth of the members war
rants.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __— — ~
"DRESS GOODS
EXTRAORDINARY OFFERING !
On Tuesdau, Mau 2d, we will nlace on sale
our entire stock of GENUINE FRENCH ETA-
MINES and GRENADINES at about one-third
former prices,
NOTE THE REDUCTIONS
$1.75 per yard - ■ - Reduced to 50c •
$2.00 per yard = ■ - Reduced to 75c
$2.50 per yard - - = Reduced to $1.00
The above goods are warranted pure wool, are
full 48 inches in width, and are in the following colors:
GRAYS, HELIOTROPE, BROWNS,
TANS, NEW BLUE, PLUM,
GREENS and NAVY.
j—
We will also offer our entire collection of FRENCH
SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY GRENADINE SUIT PATTERNS at
following reductions:
$20.00 Suits, Reduced to $7.50
$25.00 Suits, Reduced to $10.00
$35.00 Suits, Reduced to $20.00
All of the above ETAMINES and GRENADINES.
We have in Blacks also.
Ladies desiring a genuine bargain
should not fail to see these goods.
V^ Jl/f 00
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
NORTHERN LINES
CAPTURE COAST
BOUND FREIGHT
Local Merchants Lose
Their Fight.
REDUCED RATES OFFERED
BARS ARE DOWN TO A FLOOD
OF EASTERN COMPETITION.
Great Northern and Northern Pacific
Go Back on the Agreed Sched
ule on Less Than Car
load Lots.
The big hardware and grocery jobbers
of the East are again free to send their
men and their goods into the West to
enter into active and ruinous competition
with the wholesalers on this side of the
Rockies.
The bars that for nearly a year have
held out Eastern dealers from Paciflc
Coast territory were let down on Monday
by the Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific railroads by the adoption of a de
creased tariff on less than carload lots of
freight of mixed classifications.
In an exclusive story in The Call on
Friday last it was stated that the mer
chants of this city had been given the tip
that the two big northern roads were
about to throw down the agreement en
tered into by them last May with the
other transcontinental lines that met in
Milwaukee at that time. They pledged
themselves to a higher rate on less than
carload lots on westbound freight and by
doing so lifted the unjust burden of East
ern competition from the shoulders of
coast merchants. It was further told
that the merchants here had every reason
to believe that their information was au
thentic and that, working upon that be
lief, the different associations were hold
ing almost daily meetings to discuss
plans for holding off the threatened in
vasion.
Their agents were In constant commu
nication with the influential jobbers in
Seattle and Tacoma, and with different
correspondents in the north, and a few
days ago a concerted move was made on
] the two roads. To no avail, however. The
i big firms of the East swung, too. a great
, i power, and yesterday the reduced sched
ule went Into effect.
When the Transcontinental Traffic Bu
i reau met in Milwaukee last May it di
vided freight into five classes and on less
i than carload lots raised the rate on da
1 from $2 40 to $4; on class 2 from $2 In to
, ! $2 60: on class 3 from $2 to $2 60; on class
4 from $1 70 to $1 90, and on class 5 from
$1 60 to $165, a schedule that effectually
1 shut out the Eastern firms. •';,'_/'
It prevented the retailer and small Job-
I ber on the coast putting in his orders to
. the Eastern firms and the coast whole
salers of a consequence got the business
1 that was justly due them.
The schedule adopted Monday by the
1 northern roads is by no means the old
rate, but another just as bad li umps
i freight noW running under schedules of
from $170 to $3 the hundred pounds into
, a general rate of $1 60. Under it the
' Eastern dealers may mix a cargo of pis
tols or other high freight with a con
' signment of tit. plat.- or other shelf goods
and ship the stuff in tinder the one rate
, of a dollar and a half a hundred
Although the merchants, of this city
, deny that the new rate will have any local
' application or Influence, the matter was
considered of sufficient Importance to
> warrant a number of them holding a
meeting yesterday afternoon and ad
journing to the Southern Pacific offices
for consultation with Mr. Stubbs, au
thority on freight matters no matter how
intricate. There the question was talked
over pro and con, and as a result of ii
the merchants here have no fear that the
Southern Pacific or southern systems will
follow the lead of the other lines.
The question resolves itself for the pres
ent into a proposition concerning solely
the dealers in Seattle. Tacoma, Portland
and Spokane, but the business men of
those towns have stood so stanchly witn
the local merchants in their fight that the
local dealers will now stand with them
and if the combined influence carries the
weight expected it will not be long be
fore the Great Northern and Northern
Pacific will be again swung into the line
of opposition to Eastern competition.
COMPETITION FOR PULLMAN.
Wagner Sleepers to Come West on
New York Central Routings.
The cut made by President "Jim" Hill
of the Great Northern on sleeping car
rates from Missouri River points is to be
not the only competition that Mr. Pull
man and his porters are to have in the
Intermittent snooze business westward.
The Vanderbllt people, operating the New
York Central line and routing through to
this city, Los Angeles and Portland, have
announced that after the middle of the
month they will operate through sleepers
to the West.
As the New York Centra] hauls nothing
but Wagner sleepers the conclusion is
that the palacelike Wagner is to enter the
Western field on Vanderbilt routings at
least, and railroad men are looking to the
near breaking up of the cinch that the
Southern Pacific and friendly lines have
had for so long on sleeping car accommo
dations.
It has been a fact for months past that
unless an eastbound traveler was routed
over the Southern Pacific system or over
lines in which that line participated
largest in profits it has been impossible
to get at call choice sections or state
rooms on Pullman sleepers. These roads
have been permitted to chart In advance
all decent accommodations, and unless a
person car. to sleep over the wheels or
wait a tedious length for a vacancy be
was compelled to so change Ins routing
that the Southern Pacific got its division.
By the system in vogue in the Pullman
offices these roads were permitted to chart
and hold up to within forty-eight hours
of leaving time every section and state
room on eastbound trams, practically
creating a premium on accommodations
and giving them leverage on Eastern rout
ing not held by other lines.
The invasion of the Wagner will likely
nut a stop to such practices and may in
time result in a reduction in the rate
charged at present for being bunkoed out
of a night's sleep by an t^ntfpped porter.
Nickel-in-the-Slot Cases.
Eleven cases of saloon-keepers, charged
with having nickel-in-the-slot machines
on their premises, were called before act
ing Police Judge Groezinger yesterday.
The arrests were made some months ago
and the Judge suggested that the de
fendants should plead guilty and he would
inflict a nominal fine. Prosecuting Attor
ney Carpenter objected to such a propo
sition, but the Judge continued the cases
till to-morrow to enable the defendants
to come to an understanding and promise
not to use the machines again.
The best bicycle and bath enamels, also
floor and house paints, cheap, in artists'
material department at Sanborn, & Vail's,
711 Market street. •
The Pool-Selling Cases.
When the pool-selling .caseofll. L.Jones
was called in acting Police Judge Groez
inger's Court yesterday Attorney Ach,
trie- to his promise, filed an affidavit ask
ing that the Sheriff should serve the
venire owing to prejudice on the part of
the police, but Prosecuting Attorney Car
penter objected and the Judge sustained
him. The police will serve the venire and
the case will be tried next Saturday after
noon. 77
Counterfeiter Arrested.
Maurice Lucas has been arrested in Se
attle bj Secret Service Detective Ilazen
of that district on suspicion of being a
partner of G. M. Long, now awaiting
trial in the Federal courts In this city
for making and passing counterfeit flve
ilollafc pieces. 11. Will be brought to this
city for trial.
"Pegamoid" Bold, latest, best, perfect paint
eample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.«