VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 144.
BATTLE OF BALLOTS TO WIN A GREAT PLEASURE GROUND FOR THE CITY
B=B-* ITT- 1 f C- T-
Elf* HE people of San Francisco
T}]V. people San grave
undertaken a grave
I task. In urging the ex
" tension of the panhandle
of Gold.en ( iate Park from Baker
street to Van Ness avenue and
M arket street Mayor Phelan and
the Board of Supervisors ask the
people of the city to fight over
again a battle that was fought
and lost once against private
selfishness; and self- interested
wealth. The issue is perhaps one
of the greatest that was ever agi-
When the peo
ple, and those leaders i 7 the peo
ple that had the welfare and the
future of San Francisco at heart,
lost before, the comment was
made that a crime had been com
muted against posterity.
Ihe issue us again raised, and
the citizen voters of San Francis
co, with their ballots, may win a
victory for themselves and their
city. The great stake at hazard
is clearly defined. On one side
is the immediate prospect of the
natural extension of what is now
one of the greatest parks in the
world. With the extension of the
panhandle rom Baker street to
CANDIDATES FOR
THE SPEAKERSHIP
Payne of New York
Enters the Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 22.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Sereuo E. Payne of New
The San Francisco Call.
Van Ness avenue the people of
San Francisco will gain a new
park of possibly greater popular
benefit to the generality of San
Franciscans than the present
great pleasure-ground.
A new pleasure-ground will be
I created for the benefit of the
, many and not of the few. A
splendid recreation ground de
signed for the great mass of the
people will be established. Those
that can ill afford carfare to and
from Golden Gate Park will have
in the extension of the panhandle
a superb park within easy access.
It will be but a step from the
bustling, business thoroughfares
of the city. The original plan of
the founders of the Golden Gate
Park will have been carried into
realization, and San Francisco
will have a park designed for the
masses and not alone for the few.
While Golden Gate Park is
admittedly a park for the people.
and, on holidays, is thronged by
thousands of men, women and
children seeking recreation, the
pleasure-ground is, nevertheless,
too remote for the daily presence
of many thousands more who
want a place of pure air, green
York states that he will be a candidate
for Speaker of the next House of Rep
resentatives.
"There is no reason why there should
be any secret about my position in the
matter," said Mr. Payne to me this
evening.
"Of course I will he a candidate if
Mr. Reed resigns. This proviso must
be made, for who knows that Mr. Reed
is going to resign? He has not said' so
himself, has he? I only assume that
he Intends to do so from what I have
seen in the newspapers concerning his
acceptance of a partnership with a
New York law firm. We may not know
formally until next December that Mr.
Reed really intends to resign from
Congress." yy
"But you will doubtless begin your
campaign for the Speakership, before
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
trees and sunlight. In every sec
tion of the city people have been
agitating for years for new parks.
Improvement clubs in every dis
trict voice the want. Thousands
of men and women flock daily to
the downtown * reservations that
are inadequate but accessible.
The extension of the panhan
dle on the lines proposed 'would
satisfy a want that "with
every year is growing * greater.
The people of the city need a
great park in their midst, and
they will fight against real es
tate speculators,' wealthy land
owners and private selfish power
to obtain it. The people of San
Francisco were forced in the first
instance to tight against corrup
tion to win Golden Gate Park,
and even then the land-grabbers
and real estate speculators won
for themselves the very land
which it is now proposed to use
as an extension of the panhandle.
The people will renew the strug
gle with their ballots and will
find opposed to them wealth and
power. •
Men that can afford to drive
to Golden Gate Park do not
want an extension of the pan
handle. It is their, privilege to
use the great stretch' of pleasure
that time?"
"I don't know that there is any
hurry about that. Not much can be
done until just before the reassembling
of Congress. During the last contest
for the Speakership I was not ap
proached for my vote until after I ar
rived in Washington for the winter's
work."
Mr. Payne expects to have Represen
tatives Henderson of lowa, Hopkins of
Illinois, Cannon of Illinois and Sher
man as rival candidates. He expressed
the opinion that the President would
remain neutral in the Speakership con
test, yyy y .
President McKinley's most intimate
friends who have talked the matter
over with him assure me he will keep
his hands entirely* off' the Speakership
contest.- ■ 'yyy.y., -.;■■- -.
Aged Man's Sudden Death.
' PACIFIC GROVE. April 22.— W. M. Da-
ground from Stanyan. street to
the ocean beach, and iii' their
opinion those that have not such
a privilege may do ■■- without it.
Men that have property on the
proposed line of the extension
and bold their: private interests
greater than those of the public
will oppose extension. Those
that see nothing in the future- of
the city and care nothing for it
will be in opposition, and on
these lines a great battle for the
city will.be lost or won.
It will be' argued . against ex
tension that the expense will be
too great and that its burden
should not be placed upon the
people of the city. This argu
ment is over thirty years old. It
robbed the people of San Fran
cisco out of a splendid public
reservation that was designed
to extend from Stanyan street to
the sib? of the City Hall. This
argument was made when the
lines of Golden Gate Park were
fixed, and it was made by men
who said that some clay the prop
erty would be of enormous value.
When, after years of struggle
against wealth and corruption. in
high places. Golden Gate Park
was won to the people, of San
Francisco, the designers of the
vison died very suddenly at his home yes
terday, lie was found dead In his room
at noon, after having been apparently In
his usual health. In the morning. Mr. 'Da
vison was very old and had been tailing
for some time. Doctors say death was
the result of a general wearing out and a
sudden collapse of the vital functions. Mr.
Davison's wife died in a similar, manner
two years ago. He leaves two grandsons,
both grown. The body was taken to San
Jose to-day for interment.
GERMANS OPPOSED TO
CONNAUGHT'S SUCCESSION
Bluntly Declare : That : a - Foreigner
Should Not Be Put in Possession of
Secrets of Country's Defenses.
BERLIN. April ,22.— The discussion", of
the Duke of Connaught's succession to the
throne of Saxe-Coburg and , . Gotha
continues, and... some -- comments are
. anita radical. The - Cologne Gazette
great pleasure-ground decided
that there should be a panhandle
extending from Stanyan street
to the ( ny Hall.
Land-grabbers interested in
the property that would have
been involved in the proposed
panhandle raised an outcry.
They claimed then, when the
land could have been purchased
at a comparatively small cost,
that the expense would be too
great. ' A stubborn struggle be
tween the well-wishers ■ of the
city and the land-grabbers fol
lowed. The result was a com
promise that cost the city its
splendid extension to the park.
The land-grabbers would not
consent to a panhandle extend
ing from Stanyan street to the
site of the City Hall, but did per
mit one running from Stanyan
street to Baker street. It is now
purposed to carry, out the ; orig
inal intention of the people and
to give to Golden Gate Park its
natural extension from Stanyan
street, between Fell and Oak
streets, to Van Ness avenue.
As a matter of course the peo
ple owning property in the dis
trict that will be confiscated if
the extension is authorized by
the people are vitally interested.
stated quite bluntly that the peo
ple will not view the matter with
any sympathy, "as a person belonging to
another race and speaking another lan
guage ought not to sit on- a German
throne." • . vyy : ■■_.
. A number of other papers speak in the
same vein. The National Liberal Corre
sponded and the Deutsche Zeitung, reply
ing to statements in the British * press,
declare it to be an undesirable anomaly,
which ought- to be put to a speedy end.
that a man "belonging to a country which
recently talked warlike and fiercely
against Germany should, as one of the
German rulers, be put. in possession of all
the secrets of the defense of the coun
try."
LIFE OF POPE LEO XIII.
His Failing Health Adds Interest to
the 'Book to Be Published.*
Special Cable ' to The Call and the New* York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
.j don Bennett.
LONDON, April 22.— Pope's preca
They have property and business
interests -involved. They have
built up a trade or profession and
must necessarily suffer, whatever
they may be paid for -their hold
ings. They have in the district
a capital that is valuable in great
measure simply by virtue of lo
cality. * This they will lose in con
fiscation, and. having acquired
ownership in honorable ways,
they are fearful of the result. In
being forced from their present
holdings to contribute to a gen
eral public good they must start
anew in other districts almost
with the same disadvantage as if
they migrated to a' new* city.
This condition of affairs is a
serious one and has already, re
ceived some attention: There is
a disposition on the . part of
nearly all who have discussed the
question to do all in their power
to induce the appraisers of 7. the .
property to place liberal esti
mates upon holdings, having in
view in the estimates the loss
that private citizens, merchants,
tradesmen and professional men
will suffer in the confiscation.
Those who oppose the pro
posed extension of the panhandle
can with their opposition only
postpone an action that inevit
rious state of health gives added inter
est to the life of him which Messrs. Chap
man and Hall are about to publish. It
is written by a Frenchman, N. Narfon,
who has had unusual facilities for se
curing exact information on the subject.
The English translation is being made
by G. A. Raper. Besides setting out
Leo's career, the volume will have much
personal gossip concerning him.
STEAMER SUNK OFF
THE FLORIDA COAST
Captain and Eleven Men Lose Their
Lives by the Capsizing of
a Boat. . ---■*- : *
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., April- 22.— A
special to the Times-Union and Citizen
from Oakhill, Fla., says: The steamer
General Whitney,. Captain Hawthorne,
sank fifty miles east of Cape Canavarel
to-day. One boatload of sixteen men at -
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ably will he taken sooner or later
by the people of the city. San
Franciscans have seen for many
years the loss they suffered in not
securing the panhandle thirty
years ago. It is inevitable that
some day the extension will be
made, and it can lie done now
more cheaply than it will be
later. The extension of the pan
handle is a public necessity, a
need of the general public, of the
.or and not the rich.
An argument has been made
that the city has greater and
more pressing needs than the ex
tension of the panhandle. Resi
dents of outside districts want
improved sewers, public build
ings, schools, hospitals and ade
quate quarters for the Fire De
partment. The Mayor and
Board of Supervisors have wisely
considered these needs and have
provided for them in the pro
posed bond issue. The local au
thorities are not blind to the
present needs of the city nor to
its future welfare. They seek to
provide for both in the proposed
legislation and popular indorse
ment. In this splendid public en
terprise the local authorities have
as models the experience of other
American cities..
tempting to land at the Mosquito Lagoon
house of refuge upset and twelve men, in
cluding the captain, were drowned. The
chief engineer, assistant engineer, fireman
and one sailer were saved. The captain's
body has been recovered.
Fifteen men -in another boat are still
unheard from.
NO SMALLPOX IMMTJNES.
One Who Has Had the Dread Dis
ease Not Proof Against It.
Special Cible to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1539, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. April 22.— At a meeting of the
Academy of Medicine, Dr. Herviu brought
before that learned body the results of
long study into the question of the abil
ity of persons who had smallpox to be
come tuberculous. The result of exten
sive investigations shows that the fact of
having tad smallpox makes a person
more liable than if he had not had the
disease, thus demolishing another anti
vaccination contention.2
TERROR INSPIRES
HIS CONFESSION
Murderer Confronted by
Victim's Corpse.
Special Cable to The Call .-.:*.<! the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1-99, by James Gor
den Bennett.
PARIS, April Crimes have been
a feature of the week, the number of
which is exciting public notice in Paris
at the present moment, it is gui! ex
traordinary, equally remarkable being
the fact that bestiality, nOt theft, was
the motive for a great majority.
The police captured under curious
circumstances a man who murdered
and assaulted a little girl in Chuis-y-
Le-ROi about a week at-*". Tin- day
after the murder the police made a big
laid In the district, arresting all sus
picious characters. Many of these were
convicted of bondage or other of
fenses and sent to prison. Among them
was a miserable-looking young ii... of
about .''*. named Sautton, who later in
j.i [son boasted to a fellow prisoner thai
he had had something to do with
the Chois-y-Le-Roi murder. The fol
low prisoner was a detective posing as
a prisoner with the object of working
out the secrets of the real prisoners- a
common dodge of the French police.
He informed the Governor of the
prison.
The young man at first denied the
murder, though he admitted the as
sault. Eventually he was confronted
in a theatrical manner with the corpse
of the little girl at the Morgue*. The
corpse of little brielle Martin lay
covered with a shroud. on a table, and
as soon as Sautton appeared the shroud
was quickly removed. The murderer
covered his face with his hands so as
not to see th.- corpse.
"Look," said M. Ie Mercier. the exam
ining Magistrate. "Look, Sainton, at
your victim."
A so:-, from the trembling prisoner
was the only reply.
"Will you look, Sautton?" command
ed 1..* Mercier more emphatically. "Do
you recognize Louis Gabrielle Martin?
Do you recognize the little girl you
murdered?"
The shivering wretch opened his fin
gers slightly, .as! a hurried glance at
the corpse, th- muttered:
"Yes, sir; that's her."
Ordered to repeat his confession,
Sautton told th.- ghastly tale again.
Unable any longer to prevaricate in the
presence of the corpse, this time he
gave the full details of the outrage. At
his conclusion M. le M. rcier asked:
"Do you repent your crime?"
Sautton broke Into a violent fit of
weeping.
"Have pity." he cried, clasping his
hands. "I want to go away: I want to
go out. Have pity."
Accustomed though he is to violent
emotions of criminal confrontations.
M. le Mercier was much moved at this
dramatic scene.
When the confront was over
Sautton signed a written report of his
confession.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
SUCCESSFULLY TESTED
NEW YORK. April 22.— A special cable
to the Journal from Paris says: De
Ducretet, the eminent French electrician,
who, like Marconi, has been experiment
ing with wireless telegraphy and is a sci
entist of. high repute in France, made
some experiments the other day. In the
presence of Consul General Gowdy, Dep
uty Consul Bowen and a correspondent,
he transmitted a message from one cham
ber in his laboratory to another, the wall
being no obstacle. I 'ucretet then dictated
the following:
"My invention will enable us to send
telegraphic messagos without wire from
Paris to Xew York. Transatlantic ca
bles are so costly and cumbrous that
they will soon be abaiidened. By reason
of the rotundity of the earth we would
require two poles, one in Paris and the
other in New York, three thousand feet
high. If this height is impracticable we
can make fast a- receiving pole in mid
ocean and keep a man there to transmit
messages. This pole must be twelve hun
dred feet ligh. The automatic recorder
that ] invented needs no man. [I re
cords messages while a man sleeps, and
will be of the greatest use for ships and
an Incalculable advantage during wars."
"AT SLOANE'S."
CLEARANCE SALE
Of Drapery Fabrics, Furniture Coverings, Lace Cur-
tains, Portieres, Rugs, Etc.
Choice styles in Nottingham Curtains, full width. 3 4 yards long.
Arabian and Battenburg effects.
250 pairs-Usually sold at $1.25 per pair
To close at 75 per pair
250 pairs-Regular price $2.00 per pair
To COSe at 1.25 per pair'
250 pairs-Regular pHoo.ill!!--..V.V"////"//!"ll!!ll--'.!:".l'.$4 per pair
To close at 2 50 per pair
250 pairs-Regular price $5.50 per pair
I To close at 3.25 per pair
IRISH FOINT CURTAINS.
150 pairs— Regular price $5.00 per pair
To close at .'• 3.50 per pair
o close at 3.50 per pair
150 pairs-Regular price $7.50 per pair
To close at 5.00 per pair
150 pairs-Regular price $10.00 per pair
To close at 7.00 per pair
RUFFLED SWISS.
100 pairs-Regular price $1.75 per pair
To close at 1 io per pair
100 pairs-Regular price $2.50 per pair
To close at 1.50 per pair
io ciose at 1.50 per pair
100 pairs— Regular price $3.50 per pair
To close at 2.25 per paU
Real Renaissance, Arabians, Clunys, Antiques and Tambours In Im-
mense variety. . :
FURNITURE COVERINGS.
COTTON TAPESTRIES—
Regular price , 75 c per v ard
To close at 40c per yard
E Regularly sold at -. $1.00 per yard
Reduced to bO per yard
SILK TAPESTRIES—
Reduced to at 7777''".777^!!"!^. per yard
Reduced to 1.75 per Jard
Regularly sold at $3 50 per yard
Reduced to 1.90 per yard
Regularly sold at "$5.50 per yard
Reduced to 3>50 per a| _°
All other grades at proportionately low prices.
SILK DRAPERY MATERIALS.
Regularly sold at .$2.00 and $2.50 per yard
To close at 1.00 per yard
Ort MONDAY, April 24. we will place on sale for that day only :
WOO SOFA FILLOWS
At HALF regular prices.
WOO SMYRNA RUGS, 3 feet by g feet.
Regularly sold at *4 50
To close at 7 2.25
VA/. & J. SLOANE <fe CO.,
CARPETS URHOLSTERY FURNITURE
641, 643, 645, 647 Market Street, San Franclsoo-
GAGE WAS READY
TO NAME BURNS
"Mexican Dan" Opposed
the Scheme.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 22— Opinion is
divided here as to whether Governor
Henry T. Gage will emulate the prece
dent of Governor Stone of Pennsylvania
and appoint Dan M. Bur:.s to fill the
vacancy in the California United States
Senatorship. The adherents of Burns
insist that the phraseology of Governor
Stone's document fits the case in Cali
fornia, and that an opportunity is pre
sented to repay political obligations.
The statement is made by those who
profess to know that the Governor
stood prepared to issue to Burns a com
mission on the day the Legislature ad
journed without reaching a conclusion
in the Senatorial imbroglio, but, know
ing that two other Governors issued
commis.ions that proved worthless in
similar instances, Burns was too
shrewd to take this chance, and dis
couraged the plan.
Senator J. J. Boyce of Santa Barbara,
who is in the city, is quoted as hav
ing said that Governor Gage was cer
tain to name Colonel Burns as the suc
cessor of Stephen M. White, and that
he might not wait for further action in
or settlement of the Quay case. Sen
ator Boyce said he found divided senti
ment here among Republicans as to
whether the Republican State Commit
tee ought to be reorganized. He is as
staunch an adherent of U. S. Grant as
he ever was, and would, he says, in
the event of an extra session of the
Legislature, take great pleasure in
again voting for that gentleman for
United States Senator.
When the Senator was asked whether
he would agree to go into a caucus to
determine the Senatorship, he declined
to make any statement. ,
Walter F. Parker, whose friendship
for Dan Burns is admitted, gives it as
his opinion that Burns will not be ap
pointed until after the United States
Senate shall have passed upon the
Quay case next winter. 'yy
The efforts of those who are opposed
to Burns are rapidly crystallizing into
organized strength- as an anti-Burns
movement for next year's State cam
paign. This concentrated power will
be prominent In the legislative pri
maries, and in the southern counties of
the State the fight will be between the
Grant forces and the Burns crowd.
The discussion as to the possible del
egates to the National Convention next
year from this end of the State has
brought to the fore Brigadier General
H. G. Otis, who, it is said, will be of
the chosen few. as a Republican dele
gate at large, providing he is willing to
make an alliance with the machine
leaders. Congressman R. J. Waters
may make a dash to be selected as dis
trict delegate.
On the Democratic side Stenhen M.
White will he one of the four delegates
at large. The choice of a district dele
gate will engender- the usual party tur
moil.
PLAN OF NEGROES TO
CHECK LYNCHINGS
Band Themselves Together With the
Purpose of Taking a Life
for a Life.
CHARLESTON. S. ('.. April 22. -As an
outcome of the Greenwood County lynch
ing the negroes of Richardsville have de
termined to prevent negro lynchlngs and
whitecapping. The plan adopted is to
murder a white or burn the home of a
white man for every negro lynched or
whipped. They are said to have, banded
together for this purpose, led on by a ne
gro preacher who inflames the passions
of his flock by constant descriptions of
the slaughter of negroes and other out
i rages Inflicted upon the race. No action
has as yet been taken by the whites.
Agrees to a (German Protectorate,
NEW YORK. April 22.— A London Ca
ble to the Journal says: It is reported
Lord Salisbury has consented to Empe
ror William's nroject for the establish
ing of a German protectorate in Asia
Minor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 237 1899.
LEWIS M. CLARK
COMMITS SUICIDE
MEMPHIS, Term.', April Colonel Lewis M. Clark of Louisville, the
well-known racing judge, committed suicide here to-day in his room at the
Gaston Hotel. .;-'-.;7 *' '.."'vy
Colonel Clark had been indisposed for several days and Thursday even
ing he requested President Montgomery to take his place in the judges' stand
on Friday, saying that he would not leave his hotel. Last night Colonel
Clark was attended by Dr. Johns, who announced that his patient was suf
fering' from melancholia.
Colonel Clark was up. early this morning, but did not leave his room. He
ordered a drink of brandy shortly before 9 o'clock and seemed to be in good
spirits. At about 9 o'clock a revolver shot- was heard in Colonel Clark's
room. The door was forced and Colonel Clark was found lying across the
foot of the bed with a smoking revolver in his hand. A small hole in the
right temple, through which blood was slowly oozing, told the story. Colo
nel Clark was writhing in great agony. Efforts to revive him were of" no
avail and he expired without speaking.
The news of the suicide caused a sensation among horsemen. Colonel
Clark was extremely popular in Memphis, having acted as presiding judge
at the spring races for a number of years. lb- was a member of the local
clubs and was prominent in social and business circles.
The Jockey Club has elected 11. H. Heed presiding judge to succeed Clark.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. April *22.— Colonel Lewis M. Clark was born In St.
Louis, Mo., in 1846, and was the son of George M. Lewis Clark. His grand
father was Governor William M. Clark of MissouYi. Colonel Clark was one
of the most notable' figures of the American turf. Over twenty years of his
life were devoted to it, during all of which time no breath of scandal has
ever assailed his name. He was the author of a majority of the turf rules
or laws of the present time, and was one of the founders of the Turf Con
gress.
THOUGHT DREYFUS
WAS INNOCENT
M. Monod Gave Telling
Testimony. •
sreeiai Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. April 22.— The Figaro, con
tinuing its publication of the testimony
given before the Court of Cassation in
the Dreyfus revision proceedings, to
day rtrints the depositions of Gabriel
Monod, M. Hanotaux, former Minister
of Foreign Affairs; Count d'Aynac and
General Mercier.
M. Monod, in the course of his testi
mony, said that at the end of Decem
ber, 1894. he dined with M. Hanotaux
and asked him if he was certain of the
guilt of Dreyfus. To this query the
Minister replied: "It was not I who
tried him. I have nothing to say."
After dinner M. Hanotaux's secretary
said, when both were in the street:
"You know General Mercier committed
a frightful blunder."
Thenceforth M. Monod doubted the
guilt of Dreyfus. He investigated the
matter and became convinced that Es
terhazy was'the author of the bor
dereau. In March, 1897, he wrote to
M. Hanotaux imploring him to say if
he believed Dreyfus guilty, but he re
ceived no answer to the letter. Subse
quently in his presence M. Hanotaux
said: "The only thing for which 1 can
never be consoled is the Dreyfus af
fair." Later he (Monod) wrote to M.
Hanotaux, who replied: "I am trying
to obtain certainty. It really needs
more than a firm conscience. We re
quire a superior light to guide us in
the darkness of this matter."
M. Monod said that when he was in
Italy the Marquis Visconti Venosti and
other generals, among them Rlcoti,
Gonsulez, Primano and Guerini, told
him that the Italian Government did
not have any documents received from
Dreyfus, but had several from Ester
hazy.
It was not until 189S, M. Monod said,
that he came into relations with Colonel
Pic-quart and the Dreyfus family.
M. Hanotaux, in his deposition, ex
plained how, owing to the persistence
of General Mercier, the proceedings
against Dreyfus were commenced in
spite of his (Hanotaux's) protests on
the ground of the diplomatic side of the
affair. International difficulties arose
as the prosecution progressed. M. Hano
taux said that he never saw a letter
from any sovereign on the subject, that
none was ever offered him and that the
whole story was a fable.
He had never expressed an opinion
as to the guilt of Dreyfus and he had
not answered M. Monod because he did
not feel called upon to express an opin
ion In writing. In conclusion he said
that his real opinion in the matter was
In conformity with the indications he
had given the court.. 7-
General Mercier. on being recalled,
said, regarding the dispatch signed
"B," that he had received two transla
tions. The flrst — "Dreyfus arrested.
Precautions taken." The second—
"Dreyfus arrested. Informant had
relations with him; deny order to avoid
comments to press."
He then Instructed that the telegram
should not be used at the trial.
WANTS A CHINESE
MURDERER PUNISHED
Korean Legation at Washington Takes
Acton Regarding a Mayfield
Crime.
SAN JOSE. April 22.— Investigation into
the killing of Lv Chlong Sang, a Korean,
at Mayfleld on October 9, 1898, is to he
made .at the instance of the State Depart
ment at Washington. A Chinese named
Gee Suey committed the murder. The
men quarreled In a gambling-house. At
the preliminary examination- held a few
days later Gee Suey was dismissed from
custody on motion of B. A. Herrington,
who was then District Attorney, because
tin evidence was not sufficient to warrant
a trial.
Several prominent Koreans of San Fran
cisco took deep interest in the case and
hired attorneys to prosecute the China
man. They were incensed at the dis
missal of Gee Suey. The case was re
ported to the Korean legation at Wash
ington, and in turn brought to the atten
tion of the State Department. Governor
Gage was asked to look Into the matter,
and hi has requested District Attorney
Campbell to supply a certified copy of the
testimony taken at the examination.'' It
is found that no transcript of the testi
mony whs made. /.--."
Tin- Korean legation evidently is press
ing the matter. The former District At
torney and Coroner have received several
letters in regard to It. 7
The Koreans In- San Francisco think the
murderer should have been punished. The
only witnesses to the crime were Chinese,
and they testified that their countryman
was justified iii killing the Korean, hence
his dismissal. Lv Chlong Sang left an
State, now being probated, valued at $200.
Letters of administration have been ap
plied for both in San Francisco and here.
FIVE CONSECUTIVE
wi;:s FOR ST. Louis
Browns Still in the Lead, With Chi
cago and Philadelphia Tied for
Second Place.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Fct-I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Pt. boats 5 C 1000 Brooklyn .... 3 4 .429
Chicago 6 .2 .750 New York... 3 4 .429
Philadelphia. 6 2 .760 Cincinnati ..3 4 .429
Boston 6 2 .714 Pittsburg ... 1 4 .200
Baltimore ... 4 3 .571 1 Cleveland ... 1 5 .166
Louisville ... 4 3 .5711 Washington.. 1 7 .125
CINCINNATI, April 22.— Hawley was In
vincible to-day, and as a result the Reds won
■their, first game from Chicago. Attendance,
.-'. ore:
Clung— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 * 10* i
Chicago 1 5 2
Batteries Hawley and I'eitr.; Callahan and
Chance. Umpires— Burns and Smith. !
PT. LOUIS. April 22.— St. Louis won the
third game of the series with Pittsburg In a
rainstorm. The visitors led up to the fourth
Inbing, when the score was a tie.' In the fifth
inning Childs' single and McKean's double
brought In the winning run. The game was
called at the end of the sixth inning on ac
■ ■iiij.it, of rain. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— It. H. E.
St. Louis 6 7 0
Pittsburg 3 2 3
Batteries Jones and Criger; . Leever and
Bowerman. Swartwood and Warner.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., April 22.— The Clevelands
outplayed the Colonels ln the first game, which
was a very Interesting one. -Clarke and Lock
head came together at the second base in the
sixth inning and were removed from the game.
The visitors' pitching staff was sadly oft in
the second game and the home team had a
walk-over. Attendance, 2500. Score:
First game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 5* 10 , 3
Cleveland 6 15 2
Batteries— Cunningham and Powers; Hughey,
Carsey and Sugden.
Second game:
Clubs - R. H. E.
Louisville 15 9 3
Cleveland **.. »;..... 2 - is .
Batteries— Woods and Kittredge; Hill, Stiv
etts, Loekhead and Sugden and Clements. Um
pires— U'Day and Brennan.
WASHINGTON, April Weyhlng had the
game well ln hand In the opening -Innings, hut
went to pieces in the eighth, when six succes
sive hits were made oft him. Slow fielding on
the part of the home team was a factor in
losing the game. Attendance, ' 4oo. Score:
Clubs - """ R. H. . E.
Washington 4 9 3
Boston 7 13 3
Batteries— Weyhlng and McGulre; Hickman
and Bergen. Umpires — Emslie and Betts.
NEW TORK, April 22.— For four Innings to-l
day the New Yorks played poorly. After that,
however, the Giants braced up and won an
Interesting game by good and timely batting.
A notable feature of the game was the playing
of O'Brien, the new fielder. He went to bat
four times, making as many base ' hits and
scoring three runs. Holmes was fined and put
•out of the game In the sixth for abusive lan
guage to Umpire Andrews. Attendance, 4500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 8 14 6
Baltimore ..." 7 8 2
Batteries— and Wilson: MeKenna and
Ryan. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, April 22. -It .was" nip and
tuck between the Phlladelphlans and Brooklyns
to-day. Kennedy and Frazer were In the points
and both were effective. The home team broke
the tie in the fifth and were never headed: At
tendance, 9108. Score:
Clubs— . . R , H . j,
Philadelphia 5' io i
Brooklyn 3 8 2
Batteries- and Douglas; Kennedy and
Smith Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
RALE IN POWER
TILL NEXT JULY
Change at San Quentin
Delayed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, April 22.—Warden
Hale will not relinquish his position
until July 1, in order that the vast
volume of business to be transacted
between the present time and harvest
ing season may be disposed, of without
the complications likely to arise from
an inexperienced man taking charge of
prison affairs. 'This was decided upon
during an executive session of the
Board of State Prison Directors to-day.
Martin Aguirre. Hale's successor, will
not be appointed until the May or June
meeting. The matter was formally
placed before the board in the shape
of the following resolution, unanimous
ly adopted:
Resolved, That the term of the State
Warden of the State Prison at San Quen
tin be for four years, to commence on the
Ist day of July, 1899.
Resolved, That the term of the incum
bent, W. E. Hale, shall be extended to
that date and until his successor shall
have been elected and .qualified, and for
the purpose of saving the giving of a
bond this resolution shall be construed
as an extension of the present term.
The meeting of to-day was of special
importance on account of the fact that
the nine men charged with a conspir
acy to escape from prison were brought
before the board and a thorough in
vestigation made as regards the data
in the possession of the prison officials.
Some startling facts were developed,
among them being an admission by
Cooper that when he told the Warden
he had seen the revolvers said to have
been smuggled into the penitentiary
he prevaricated; the statement of -the
same person that Guard Shields bought
a quantity of poison at Mack &
Company's wholesale drug store in San
Francisco, which was to be used to out
the guards to sleep, on an* order from
Cooper under the name of Harry C.
Parsons, M. D.; a further statement
that Parsons was the stool-pigeon's real
name; the introduction of evidence
showing that. in case the scheme failed
Captain Edgar and Sergeant Ellis were
to be decoyed into the carpenter shop
and killed with hatchets; and finally,
an admission by Captain Edgar him
self that he and Guard. Randolph had
kept the fact of the conspiracy from
Warden Hale until 9:30 o'clock of the
evening on which the men* were thrown
into the dungeon— March 3.
The trial of. the men was conducted
in Captain Edgar's office and occupied
all the afternoon. On the table had
been placed a large number of knives,
razors, slungshots and keys, a hatchet,
a hammer wrapped with chamois skin,
drills, saws, picklocks and other in
struments and tools the men intended
to use in attempting to gain their lib-,
erty.
"I learned on February 1," said Cap
tain Edgar, "that a break was to be
made. The news came from good au
thority through Guard Randolph. We
thought it best to keep quiet and did
not even tell the "Warden until the
night the conspirators were arrested.
! Then we .three and Captain Birlem held
a consultation and concluded to place
! the men in the dungeon. Cooper did
■ not confess, as has been stated. We
j. learned he was in tjhe plot and sent for
him on the last Sunday in February.
| .He admitted the conspiracy under
j ..pressure and told us he had seen the
V 7"; y--v y**' '''. 7 ADVERTISEMENTS.
to************* am iw-^-hi-^iu — u».__^«N«^»».t^__*»._«-^^_.>-«^M» _■ im-^.h-_^mi — u.«—^ «
'Joyous is the First Sight of Spring."
How does it find your health bank account? Here are
some points worth considering from a financial standpoint.
4 * Misfortunes Never Come Singly. "
It is said that ninety-five out of every
hundred business men meet misfortune at
some stage in their lives; some recover
and some do not. If the remedy in busi-
ness life were as easily found as in the
ills that beset humanity, there would not
be so much misfortune.
In the latter case, multitudes ivhen
attacked by rheumatism, scrofula and
other diseases, flee for protection to
Hood's Sarsaparilla, and they find there
a sovereign and specific remedy.
Hood's Sarsaparilla possesses merit peculiar to itself. It is the
specific of the age for all blood troubles. The liver, kidneys and
bowels are all toned up by its adipn as a cleanser, the
nerves are made strong and steady, and thus good health ensues.
Honesty Is the Best Policy/
Never was a more pointed saying put
; into print, and yet to be honest only be-
cause it is policy is a poor kind of hon-
esty. Better change 44 policy" to 44 prin-
ciple' and the world wilt like you better.
In the medical world there is one
medicine honest for principle's sake-
Hood's Sarsaparilla.
——____ . * »
'/■■■ It acts promptly for both sexes and all ages.
Hood's Pills cure liver ills; the non-irritating and only cathartic to take
with Hood's Sarsaparilla, the Best Spring Medicine Money can Buy
pistols, which he thought he could find.
He failed to do so.
"Cooper used to be a physician," con
tinued Edgar, "and confessed to me
that his intention while on the mid
night watch was to • put 'knockout
drops' in the coffee of the guards. The
intention was then to unlock enough
cells to let about five hundred prison
ers out and all would have escaped
over the walls."
. Warden Hale summoned Edward
Morrell, who is regarded as the prime
mover in the conspiracy. The man
was very defiant. He bitterly assailed
Cooper, and said the stool pigeon had
come to him a dozen times with wild
cat schemes to get out of the peniten
tiary, but he paid no attention to them
because he distrusted Cooper.
George Schlegal said he had made
keys and given them to Cooper. Si
1-overi'n admitted he had advised
Schlegal to have nothing to do with
the plans. Cooper had told him he had
a rope, knife and keys and said he had
led the others to believe he would 'dope'
the guards, but that he intended to
follow another plan. A pretended con
fession was to he made to Captain Ed
gar and then Edgar and Sergeant of
the Night Watch Ellis were to be de
coyed into the carpenter shop on the
pretense of showing them where the
weapons were hidden; "There they
were to be hit on the head with . a
hatchet." The guards were then to be
overpowered. . He knew' nothing about
any revolvers.
Bullock, Gould, Chevalier,' Shaw,
Roupe and King were summoned in
succession. All tried to shield Morrell
and Schlegal.-
Cooper was summoned last as the
star attraction, and before the board
had*. finished questioning him several
things hitherto unknown to any ; of the
prison officials came out. 7, A sensation
was caused by Cooper saying that when
he told, the Warden he had seen the
revolvers he prevaricated.' He. was so
sure the weapons were hidden some
where, he said, he thought it would be
a greater credit to him to make the tale
strong. ' Cooper adhered, to his story
that he had been told by Morrell that
Guard Shields had brought the pistols
into the prison, and added that Shields
also had brought in the "knockout
drops." In explaining this Cooper
caused surprise by saying his true
name was Harry C. Parsons and that
he held a physician's certificate.
"I made out an order,", he said, "for
a quantity of chloral hydrate, digitalis,
belladonna" and aconite. I gave Shields
a total of $46 given me by Morrell and
he went to San Francisco and pur
chased the' poison' from Mack & Go.,
the wholesale druggists, about two
weeks before we Were arrested. I
know he got the poison there because
the bottles', were- labeled. The order
was signed 'Harry C. Parsons. M. D.'
At Devlin's suggestion the Warden
will prepare a synopsis of the evi
dence and the relative degree of culpa
bility of the prisoners and action re
garding punishment will be taken at
the next meeting. Devlin said in his
opinion Cooper should be watched"
carefully in order to prevent the other
convicts taking his life. All the mem
bers thought Cooper had been punished
enough, as he is in very delicate health.
Schlegal and Morrell, as the principal
ringleaders, will be placed in the in
corrigible ward as soon as it is fin
ished. ; ;
On recommendation of Warden
Hale, during the morning session, the
final step was taken toward the con
struction of a separate ward for in
corrigibles. The plans are for the
construction of cells partly of wood
and partly of iron at a cost of $1148.
Professor Gardner of Cooper Medi
cal College, who had sent in a request
to the Warden that the law concerning
the disposal of the remains of deceased
prisoners be complied with, will be in
formed that hereafter such shall be the
case. The law requires that the bodies
of persons dying at a public institution
shall be sent to a medical college for
the advancement of scientific research
when' provision has not been made for
, i.
44 One Good Turn Deserves Another."
It is easy to go through life doing
good and helping to make others happy.
A lady who had been ill with a compli-
cation of troubles, having been thoroughly
cured and now enjoying perfect health,
felt it a duty to tell her friends that the
specific that brought her back to health
was Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Thus, after Hood' had served her well,
she felt it deserved a good turn at her hands.
Thousands tell the same story of blood
purified and health restored.
44 Like Diamonds Raindrops Glisten."
Drops of Hood's Sarsaparilla are pre-
cious jewels for the blood which glisten
in their use, and, like the rain, disappear
for the good of humanity. Each dose
is in a very short time thoroughly mixed
with the blood and actively engaged in its
work of purification — curing scrofula,
salt rheum and all blood humors.
burial of the remains by relatives or
the deceased has made no expression
of desire for interment.
Owing to the unsanitary conditions
prevailing In the prison grounds and
the danger of the total destruction of
buildings by fire th.- warden was em
powered to receive bids for the laying
of water mains, with hydrant and hot._
attachments, at a coat of $1679.
The report of Expert L. Wadham
shows the books of the prison to be
in proper condition and the available
funds for the balance of the fiscal year
to bo as follows: General apportion
ment for supplies, $34,630 37; same for
salaries, $19,975 30; State Prison fund.
$5558 98. The revolving fund of the
jute mill is up to the $100,000 standard.
The report of Warden Hale on jute
and grain bags was as follows:
Grain bags— Carried over on orders from
last year. .38.000: sold and booked from
January 1, lSf»9. to date, 5.369.<>00: total sold,
6.207,-800. Shipped since January 1. 1899,
235,200; sold awaiting orders for shipment,
5.972,-00; on hand manufactured, to be
manufactured to fill accepted orders,
94..600
Raw jute— On hand in warehouses, 1103
hales; arrived in San Francisco per ship
Dunstaffuage. now discharging, 3500 bah
en route from Calcutta and out ninety
days, 3600 bales.
MERRY DAY A FAST ONE.
.
CINCINNATI, April 22.— The feature of
the racing at Newport to-day was Merry
Day's performance in the fourth race, a
handicap at six furlongs. Merry Day
cut out his own pace from start to finish
and won in most impressive style. He
went the distance in 1:13*. Merry Day is
owned by Starter Curley Brown, whose
stable has won five straight races at the
meeting. Weather pleasant; track fash.
Seven furlongs, selling— Clara Meader woii, '
Friendship second, Tappan third. Time. t:2S',4.
Four and a half furlongs Honeywood won,
Wig second. Highland Lad third. Time, :56V4.
. Mile and a quarter, Belling— Rifle won, Henry
Launt second, Donation third. Time, 2:07.
Six furlongs, handicap— Merry Day won. Our
Gertie second, Kenmore Queen third. Time,
l:l3tf.
One mile, . relllng— Farondelle won, Eleanor
Holmes second, Vanessa third. Time, 1:42.
One mile, selling— Lobengula won. Sue Nell
I second, Vlctorine third. Time, 1:41%.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April 22.— The flags
: at Montgomery Park to-day were flying
at half mast because of the tragic death
of the former presiding judge, M. Lewis
' Clark. Every -one of the six favorites
won. Hobart proved himself to be a
crackerjack by winning his fourth suc
cessive race in the fourth event. The
Wawnekus colt carried 117 pounds and
made a show of his field, which included
Sea I-lon. Leo Planter, Donald Bain,
Jolly Roger and Harry Nutter. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Dr. Riddle won.
Tralditza second, Joe Wheeler third. Time,
:57*>_.
" Four furlongs— Aberdale won, Mueychica
second. Belle of Orleans third. Time, :f.l.
Six furlongs, selling— Harry Floyd won, Kath
erine D second, Free Hand third. Time. I:l7'_.
' One mile— Hobart won. Sea Lion second, Leo
Planter third. Time. 1:44. i
Steeplechase, full course, about two miles-
Florida ROM won. Jack Hayes second, Red
Duchess third. Time, 4:4* V
i and a quarter, selling— Jackanapes won,
Forget Not second. Traveler third. Time, 2:12.
NEW YORK, April 22.— The only stake
■ on the card at Aqueduct to-day was the
Auverne, for which Tamor was a hot
favorite. In a hard drive Tamor won by
a head, with Dr. Parker In the place and
Roysterer taking third from Boney Boy.
j Results: 7*
About seven furlongs, selling— Mazarine won,* 0
i Tvrshena second. Ordeal third. Time, 1:20 1-8.
Four and a half furlongs— Pupil won. Peace
ful second. Mike Straus third. Time, :5_ 2-5.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Away
i won. Lady Disdain second, Judge Magee third.
| Time, 1:48.
Auverne, about seven furlongs— Tamo: won.
I Dr. Parker second, Roysterer third. Time,
1:25 1-5.
| Four and a half furlongs, selling— Ama
zon won, Aibonita second, Laureate third.
Time, :_6 3-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Chenille
i won. Prince of Wales second, Meehanus third.
| Time, 1:09. ■ ,:■■'/.-■
Rancher's Accidental Death.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. April 22.-Charles
Lee, owner of a fine ranch near town,
was thrown from his buggy this evening
by a collision with another rig. He was
picked up in an unconscious condition and
died soon afterward. j He was a pioneer
of the county and State.VAST THRONG WITNESSES
THE DRILL WORK OF KNIGHTS
TEMPLAR AT SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO. April 22.— From 10,
--000 to 12,000 people filled the new
pavilion to-night and witnessed
the closing feature of the Knights
Templar conclave. The affair marked
an event in Masonic circles which will
long be treasured in the annals of the
order in this section of I ■■■■ State. It
seemed that all Sacramento had turned
out to pa; a farewell tribute to the dis
tinguished organization which has been
the guest of the Capitol City tor three
clays. It had been expected there
would be a large attendance at the ex
hibition drill, but nobody dreamed the.
vast building would be called upon to
shelter the multitude that flocked thith
er, keeping all ■:" the car lines "on the
jump" to sport their human freight
and congesting the vicinity of the pa-
Tiers twenty high had been erected so
as to* span the wings of the lower floor,
but they were rapidly filled by the ex
pectant throng. The fifteen hundred
leet of rail space on the upper floor
presented a deep-set fringe of human
ity, everybody eager to watch th ex
hibition, which was to be offered on the
ample floor below. Electricity had been
employed extensively to heighten the ef
fect of the spectacle and a great Amer
ican Hag was set high aloft; where the
red. white and blue colors Hashed al
ternately and unceasingly during the
evening.
The drill corps participating ii the
exhibition were greeted with cheers as
one after the other they appeared- on
the floor. The spectators seemed at •'
loss to know upon what tiny should
bestow the most favor. The San Fran
cisco Drill Corps, made up of expert
tacticians from Golden Gate and Cali
fornia commanderies, evoked continued
rounds of applause as they executed
the more difficult movements of their
The Los Angeles and San Jose drill
corps vied with their metropolitan com
petitors in the novel and spirited ex
hibition. Now and then, as some strik
ing figure was evolved by the com
manderies somebody would set up a
cheer, and thousands of flags, waved by
ns many women, kept accompaniment
to the vocal burst of enthusiasm.
The drill was kept tip until a late
hour, the grand officers reviewing it
from their position; and then dancing
was in order. The drilling by a corps
of Sacramento young women awakened
much enthusiasm, and at its close the
commanderies presented the company
with a magnificent floral piece.
The Grand Commandery concluded
its business early this afternoon, after
a secret session "f several hours, and
at -I o'clock there was another parade,
with more Templars in line than on
Thursday. The weather was cool and
pleasant" and the marching command
■ ■; <■■-■"■■.■- .-. " * ;■ . ■ .
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, April 22 The Postof
fice Department to-day issued an order
establishing a branch postoffice station at
the Cliff House to be known as sub-station
No. 8. The following sub-stations were
also established in _an Francisco: No. 10,
Potrero avenue and Twenty-fourth street;
No. 11, Stanyan and Haight streets; No.
J2, San Bruno avenue anrl Felton street.
A postoffice was to-day establish) at
Hawkins Har. Trinity County. California,
and Stephen Cornhip appointed Postmas- I
ter.
pensions have been cranted as follows: i
California: Original— William W. Bu
chanan, Oakland; $t>; Frederick Dick,
Stent' $'J: John A. Califee, Bogus, $6. Ad
ditional—Jacob C. Pry, Monteeito. $**• to
?10; Corydon A. Patrick. Porterville, $_ to
JS. Increase— Charles Shelton. Fresno. .'" ,
to JS; William H. Paine, Soldiers' Home,
I.os Angeles. ?•> .to $S. Reissue and in- i
creast — Frank Talty. Soldiers'. Home, Dos
A n^-'d •■-.«. vi to $12. Original widows, etc. —
Manraret J. Price. San Bernardino, $8.
lin son: Original widows, etc. — Minors
of William T. Worsham; North Powder,
$14. Original— James Sheak. Philomath,
J*-: Millie Norcross. Looking Glass, $..
Washington: Original — Milton Giles,
Olympia, $10; William Fritze, New "What;
com. .0. Additional— Thomas Ferrier, El
lensburgj $4 to $>'. Increase— W.
Gelger; Pomeroy; f.s to JlO.
The bidders who. respond to Treasury
Department advertisements for proposals
for mnSnnrv work "ii the new San Fran
cisco Postoffice building are protesting
against the reiection of all bids, but the
department will on Monday call for new
proposals.
TO REPLACE BURNED FORESTS.
PASADENA. April 22.— Ex-Mayor T. P.
Lukens of this city will leave in a few
oays for Pine Lake, In the' mountains
above Rear Valley, where he has built a
log cabin. He will spend the summer col
lecting seeds of ihe pinus tubereulata,
which he will plant on his own account
in the burned districts of the mountains
above Pasadena next fall. He is an ever
green seed grower nf twenty-five years'
experience, ex-president of the Pasadena
National Rank and m intimate friend of
Joim Muir in forestry investigation. He
bas become tired of waitiner for the Gov
ernment to act . and proposes to give Un
cle Sam an object lesson.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m olden
limes a leoer \J7\\f^> ;^^^^^y\^
ns •stoned U^T^iS^^^^ >£$
out of town ; ■■7>liS!&^ \
in modern y^ySt *
times a sick jX&S -* 1 9 W
man is stoned te' '-(jy?_r? , '/>
out of ail his C^S^^§4^
chances in y^/^yAfv*
life by the /yy^j^Wimv^-
crowd of / ~ '^^Y\^M^Y^
r\ f4p;^^^ hustling men who
■TV. J^r^^^^^ have no place a" J no
v^rf* **{&'£>& use for him. A man
ll &<&n>i w *"° has bilious turns
ll //*/ a£)*sffi anc * ; ' re^ feelings and
V. i'y R^^W frequent "off-days"
)) Y7'7{ might as well go out
// _/ ' __«_* "^ business.
i( J%&~. These things
*-' V^^^fTl are , '** < ** c *" 10U
V &£. *?* m t i e Re 'f f5 ' ' st
I. vi 5tV, and wretchedness
If t< 7*P they involve if
(( - S^.s v-***" *'*'*>' do not go
A c *— 7% any further. . But
'\ *£lM' ""' ' " you never know
'■! . — ~— what ?s going to
develop in a half-
bourished, bile-poisoned constitution. If
a man as soon as lie feels that he is not get-
ting the forceful strength and energy out
of his food that he ought to. will begin tak-
ing Dr. Pierces (".olden Medical Discovery,
he will soon put himself in the position
where he can do a man's work easily and
cheerfully. 7 '•':
His appetite will be sharpened; his liver
invigorated; his digestion strengthened; an
edge put on his whole nutritive organism.
Those subtle poisons which debilitate the
entire organism and invite consumption
and a host of other diseases, will be driven
out of the system; and he '- 11 gain plenty
of pure nourishing red blood, muscle-
power and nerve-force. In short lie will
be a man among men.
There are hundreds of delusive temporary
stimulants, "malt extracts," sarsaparillas and
compounds, which are more or less "boomed"
by rely profit-seeking druggists: but an hon-
est druegist will give you the "Golden Medical
Discovery" when you ask for it. If well-in-
fortn*d, he knows that its sales have steadily
increased for thirty years and that it is the in-
v.-ition of an educated, authorized physician
Who has devoted a life-time of active practice
«*d profound study to chronic diseases. .
y Mascot Waiter Nuttall J
! o? the PlacerviUe !
♦ Commandery. ♦
q _+__»_♦_<s>_»- ■$> _»_<?. -»- <s> ~a- $> -a-<s~a - ®
cries suffered none of the discomfort
experienced on Thursday, when a
warm north wind prevailed.
Besides the big reception .in the Art
CONTUMACIOUS
WITNESSES WILL
BE PROSECUTED
ROBERT MAZET, Chairman of the Legislative Investi
gation Committee Now in Session at New York.
NEW YORK, April Eeyond the enunciation of a stringent line of ac
tion against contumacious witnesses, the preparation to make a speedy
example of one individual, to-day's sessions of the Mazet investigating
committee were comparatively uninteresting and unimportant. Neither
Mr. Croker nor any of the better known persons associated with him was
examined, and the affairs of the Tammany leader did not come into promi
nence. After one more session, on Monday, it is announced the committee
will adjourn till May 9, and In the interval, it Is presumed, it will submit a
preliminary report to the Legislature and possibly proceed against several
witnesses for contempt.
To-day's proceedings opened with an investigation of the proceedings In
this city of the Maryland Whisky Company. Mr. Moss had several times in
timated that this brand was being sold through the influence of city officials.
Samuel Mcir. . a Broadway tailor, who, Mr. Moss seemed to think, had fur
thered the sale of the Maryland whisky, refused point blank to answer a
number of questions, and Chairman Mazet directed that counsel should bring
Meirs before the court for contempt as soon as possible. The other witnesses
called confined their testimony almost entirely to the building department
and the various systems of fire-proofing.
The proceedings opened in a somewhat sensational manner. Proctor Clarke, as
sistant counsel to the committee, addressing Mr. Mazet. -aid he desired to .call the
attention of the committee and of witnesses to the Penal Code sections which provide
for a year's Imprisonment or a fine of ISOO, or both, for refusal to answer questions
propounded by the committee of the Legislature.
"You will observe," said Mr. Clarke, "by contumacious refusal to answer proper
and material questions, a witness commits a misdemeanor. It is the purpose of the
counsel, with the approval of the committee, at the proper, time, to be determined by
the Judgment of the counsel to the committee, to cite such contumacious witnesses who
have refused to answer such proper questions to the constituted criminal authorities of
this county for presentment, indictment and punishment, not for a moment doubting that
the constitutional officer of this county, the District Attorney, will lend his aid to the
proper observance of the laws of the State."
■Mr. Clarke went on to state that If it were impossible for the Grand Jury of this
county to spare the time to deal with cases of contempt, the counsel for the commit
tee would request the Governor to appoint a Judge to hold an extraordinary term of
the Supreme Court and to impanel an extraordinary Grand Jury before which the
matters could be brought according to the existing laws governing such cases.
Dr. O'Sullivan. representing the city departments, referred to Mr. Clarke's an
nouncement as "intimidation."
Mr. Clarke protested against the use of that word, and Mr. Mazet ruled that Dr.
O'Sullivan had no right to use It. The Tammany counsel, however, continued and
said: "I contend that this committee Is not the Judge of questions as to their material
ity or propriety, and also that you are not the Judges as to whether a witness ls con
tumacious or not,"
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Museum building last night, the ladies
accompanying the Templars were
handsomely entertained to-day by Mrs.
W. V. Peterson. The general expres
sion of the visitors is that the citizens
of Sacramento have sustained their
reputation for pleasant and generous
hospitality. . . V i
Not much business was transacted
at to-day's session. Votes of thanks
were tendered as follows: To Sacra
mento Commandery for the use of its
asylum and liberal hospitality: to the
ladies of Sacramento Knights for their
many acts of kindness in entertaining
the visitors; to the Nevada Command
ery for its fine exemplification of the
work of the order of the Red Cross;
to El Dorado Commandery for its ser
vices as escort.
The new officers were installed with
due ceremony and the following ap
pointments were announced by the
Grand Commander: Grand standard
bearer, J. B. de Jarnatt; grand sword
bearer, B. P. Flint; grand warden, C.
L. Fields; grand organist, Samuel
Mayer; grand sentinel, G. "W. Perkins.
SANTA FES PRESIDENT
TO VISIT CALIFORNIA
LOS ANGELES. April 22.— President E.
P. Ripley of the Santa Fe, who will sail I
from Europe in August, is expected to ar
rive in this city the last week of that
month. Mr. Ripley's trip to the coast is
of much importance, it is stated, as, upon
his visit depends the final consolidation of
the Valley road as a part of the Santa Fe
system under the law passed by the late
Legislature.
VV. A. Bissell, who left for New York
yesterday, will meet with the traffic man
agers of the country, on April 25. This is
an important meeting for the citrus fruit
growers of California, as the details of
the orange shipments to the East next !
year, between the Santa Fe and the '
Southern Pacilic, will be completed at the
sessions.
James Speyer. the New York financier |
who. in connection with C. P. Huntington,
has engineered the reorganization scheme
of the Central Pacific, is on his way to
San Francisco to meet the head of the
Southern Pacific corporation. The Speyer
party, which Includes Mrs. Speyer, Mary
... p. Carev, a New York capitalist, and
L. L. Lorillard. whose father is the presi- I
dent Of the Lorillard Tobacco Company, I
was escorted through Los Angeles to-day
In carriages by Superintendent J. A.
Muir of the Southern Pacific, who went to i
Yuma to greet the company's guests. The
purpose of Mr. Speyer's visit is to Inspect j
the properties of the two railroads and to |
hold business conference with C. P. Hunt- i
ington. it is his desire that harmony j
shall be promoted among the owners of
the Central and Southern Pacific. As he
is about to finance the $125,000,000 bond is
sue of the Central Pacific's reorganiza
tion It Is quite likely his counsel will pre-
The travelers will leave to-morrow for
Santa.' Barbara.
WAR OF TARIFFS
MAY NOW ENSUE
Germany's Meat Inspec
tion Unjust.
MEANS VIRTUAL PROHIBITION
RESTRICTIONS ON AMERICAN
IMPORTS IMPOSED.
Unless the Changes Suggested Go
Through Closer Commercial Rela
tions With America "Will
Be Made Difficult.
Copyrighted. 1599, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, April 22.— The meat in- j
spection bill in the Reichstag and the j
Midland Canal bill in the Diet have j ;
engrossed attention this week through- j
out Germany. The Agrarians and the i
Reactionists oppose both measures, and j
the ultimate fate of the bills will be j
interpreted as evidence of the fighting j
strength of the parties.
The canal bill occupied more time in ■
the Diet than did the meat inspection
bill in the Reichstag, the first reading
of the latter requiring two days, while :
the former took five days. Both bills
have gone to special commissions, j
where they will probably be much al- !
tered, possibly more than acceptable to
the Government, in which case they i
may be withdrawn.
The ranks of the opponents of the
canal bill were strengthened this week
by the accession of Baron yon Stumm,
also called the Coal King, and former
bosom friend of Emperor William, a j
fact which is much commented upon,
in view of his Majesty's predilection for
the project. The Government thus far
does not fear the entire failure of either
measure' I
Regarding the meat inspection bill, I
j which more directly touches American j
I interests, there were many interesting
features in the Reichstag debate. The I
; leading Agrarians made a point of aim- j
i ing their remarks and gestures at Pro- i
i fessor Stiles, the scientific attache of
j the United States Embassy, ho was J
present at the debate but who has now j
| started for home on account of family
matters. Trichinosis was hardly dis
; cussed by any of the two score speak
ers, and the charge that American pork
frequently contains trichinosis, which
until a year ago was constantly reit
. crated in the Reichstag, was not once
! made on the lloor of the house. This
shows that the irrefutable scientific
proof to the contrary advanced by Pro
fessor Stiles has been accepted as' con
clusive by even the wildest Agrarians.
It was also notable that the debate
was practically a repetition of the
statements made to the army beef In
vestigation, with the worst evidence
and bitterest construction of all sorts
of American press comment. The rep
utation of leading American packing
houses was torn to shreds by quota
tions from American publications,
| which were read in extenso or sum- ;
! marized by Ilerren, Klinkowistrom,
! Wangenfeim, Vielhaben, Sieg or other
Agrarians. It may be assumed that
, this would be the line of argument fol
lowed b the opponents of the bill. The
comment of the press this week, when
in sympathy with the Agrarians, al
most entirely consists of a reiteration
of the charge, which one paper puts
j tersely, that "this American meat, ;
I which Germans are expected to eat, ;
j has been found by the highest Ameri- ;
I can investigating committee unhealthy j
and even deadly to America's own ;
army of strong, lusty men."
It is out- of the question that the bill j
can pass in its present shape, and it is
( merely a question as to how much it \
i can be altered without becoming un
acceptable to the Government. Its op-
I ponents wish above all the following :
j changes: The abolishment of the pro
vision making a double inspection com- j
pulsory, even on cattle slaughtered for
domestic use: to put foreign meat on i
the same footing as domestic meat in j
the matter of Inspection: to take the
execution of the provisions of the bill
out of the hands of the Bundesrath and
fix them In the bill, as one speaker
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INTENSE SUFFERING
FROM DYSPEPSIA AND STOMACH
TROUBLE
—
Instantly Relieved and Perma-
nently Cured by Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
A New Discovery, but Not a
Patent Medicine.
Dr. Redwell relates an Interesting ac-
count of what he considers a remarkable
cure of acute stomach trouble and chron-
ic dyspepsia by the use of the new dis-
covery, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
He says: "The patient was a man who
had suffered to my knowledge for years
with dyspepsia. Everything he ate seemed
to sour and create gases in the stomach;
he had pains like rheumatism in the back,
shoulder blades and limbs, fullness and
distress after eating, poor appetite and
loss of flesh; the heart became affected,
causing palpitation and sleeplessness at
night.
I gave him powerful nerve tonics and
1 blood remedies, but to no purpose. As an
i experiment I finally bought a fifty-cent !
package of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets at !
a drug store and gave them to him. Al-
most immediate relief was given and after
he had used four boxes he was to all ap-
pearances fully cured.
There was no more acidity or sour wa-
tery risings, no bloating after meals, the
appetite was vigorous and he has gained
i between 10 and 12 pounds in weight of
; solid, healthy flesh.
i Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are j
! advertised and sold in drug stores, yet I !
■ consider them a most valuable addition j
|to any physician's line of "remedies, as
i they are perfectly harmless and can be
| given to children or* invalids or in any
j condition of the stomach with perfect
safety, being harmless and containing
nothing but fruit and vegetable essences,
pure pepsin and Golden Seal.
Without any question they are the
safest, most effective cure for Indigestion,
biliousness, constipation and all derange-
ments of the stomach, however slight or i
severe."
Stuart's dyspepsia Tablets are made by I
the F. A. Stuart Co. cf Marshall. Mich., j
and are sold by druggists everywhere at I
fifty cents per package.
Little book on stomach diseases mailed i
free, address, F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, J
Mich. .__
«- __■ '-v __>■»'_ -v Eyes Scientifically
y_-**=s>_ <JT"X /-y-^ Tested. Perfect
J§*P? : -r9__s* a.»w-"_!Sri
.CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL CO.
said, "to remove it from the diplomatic
dickering field with foreign countries."
If its opponents accomplish this, as
seems to be likely, the bill will be un
acceptable to the Government and will
undoubtedly lead to a tariff war with
the United States.
The above statements are the result
of the inquiries made on the subject
by the correspondent here of the As
sociated Press. An American exporter,
who is in the confidence of the Wash
ington administration and who is now
here, said bluntly:
"If Germany passes a law requiring
in addition to the American official cer
tificates, of the healthy condition of the
meat exports, which are as reliable a»
the German certificates, a double in
-1 spection after the arrival of the meat
i here, that will be tantamount to a pro
! hibition against American meat, and
[ such action will doubtless be answered
! by retaliation on German exports to
the United States. Every bottle of Ger
man wine will.be opened and its hy
gienic qualities tested."
A strong point in the speech of the
Minister of the Interior. Count Posa,
; dowski-Wehner. was that the bill was
intended by, the Government as a
"transitory measure until Germany
produces enough meat for her own peo
ple, which, it is believed, will not take
long."
The correspondent learns from the
best sources that while the State De
partment at Washington has from time
to time instructed the United States
Embassy to present the American i
: view of the differences which have i
| arisen on the subject of the "most fa
vored nation" clause in the commercial
| treaties, formal instructions have not
| been received at the Berlin Embassy
' looking to the negotiations for an en
i tirely new reciprocity treaty..
. n a — - lTm — m _tii_ii_. — wi _r 1-t -rTTrTrr-ffT-T-TTTrr. a___TM_-__T_mT-iT_--r.TTrir- . ■ - — i -" 1 — -^ — — — _■____■
gg^gS^B :^^^-jg_^__ i
rvi^^v^v ->_<=>N^---ri__S*-___§s»i_^
j_^^j^^f^p^fes~-^_f sgr^ K~7^S3 _^-^^s=Hl>^^g^ 1
'___ll_______™*"" t, '* ll -111l 11 iMHiHwiamiMiiw—in—iii miTirnir--iinv "'*"-' *" "'"«""^-""™»
-rifil^B . jug § T^|^
j" ■'*-._/ ,V ' '.* -* ' >/.m. * H
Spsnoorri g J_ n g jjOS SB * BS UttlUM M j;^J_L^iiLj_^UiiLJ£^
1 .mens ALLW°cL 3Vrrs^s'^
' 111 miii TT nn, i__mn_i_— rT ~9 *%~^n»aMMrja»MajLU-iJi___--wr^wr»»nß_iiiii>ipiii||||gaiß^ T
/nSVNEY RE- II II SVTT KEPT
/A9HE:Y RE- I ll 3 v ™^*.
TVRNED IP j 1 kcj-'aik
I 1 3 FRFF FHD
YSV WANT IT. I 1 CL r^ K
I 1 1 ONE YEAR..
The columns of protection support the
arch of purchase.
An all-wool suit for $8 may not appeal to
you — perhaps you are used to paying more. But
if you can get an $8 suit that will give you as
much wear, as much satisfaction as the $10 or
$12 suit you now get would you hesitate merely
because you have been in the habit of paying
more?
he protection that goes with each suit is
for your benefit — it assures you of absolute
satisfaction — it stamps the suits as strong,
serviceable and well made.
Remember, the protection is
Money returned if you want it; or
Suit kept in repair free for one year.
Could we do more to prove the value of these suits?
, Boys' Middy Suits.
Middy suits for boys from 3 to 8 ■ Eight patterns; browns and grays; some
same color throughout and others with blue vests and collars and trimmed with old
gold soutache, and green vests and collars with trimmings of red soutache.
Suits are all wool. Price—
$2.45.
S. N.WOOD Sc CO.
718 Market Street.
COUNTRY ORDERS FILLED.
BELGIAN EXPEDITION
TO THE ANTARCTIC
.■■■■■: . . ...-.,._...
Or)e Important Discovery Is Tf}at
PalmerlaQd Is a Group of
Islands, Not a Continent
special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
_> MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, April 22.— Dr. Emil <*.. Racovitza. a 4
>* member of the Belgian Antarctic expedition, has arrived here on board \
• the British steamer Orellana. Dr. Racovitza is a Roumanian, but J
3 studied in Paris. He says the expedition reached 71 degrees and 30 .
_* minutes, where the steamer Belgica remained imprisoned in pack ice .
5 for thirteen months until March 14, 1899. The Belgica behaved very '
C. well in resisting the pressure, but her machinery does not work satis- «
!_! factorily. > v ' <
» Dr. Racovitza says the cost of the expedition amounts to only 300,000 '
§'• francs, while the Arctic expedition under the Duke of Abruzzi will '
jg cost about 4,000,000 francs. The objects of the expedition were attained .
"_► only partially, because the long stay among pack ice impeded re- '
_.*• searches during several months, but nevertheless the expedition gath- .
jg ered valuable materials. This is the first expedition which has win- -
*""► tered there. It was made clear that Palmerland is not a continent, as <
L* was supposed, but a group of islands. Gerlache called one of these .
jg islands Moreno in honor of Francisco P. Moreno, the Argentine expert -
"> ■on boundary questions. *
'4 Lieutenant Danco, who died, was the astronomer, and his observa- '
& tions were continued by Lecointe. Dr. Racovitza will visit Argentina '
_' and then return to Europe. • .
9. -*
I feeaas. v'.c^io'.o ss <> 82 wsaass o\o%o\o-:--\->v:'v:--\ on 0 82 •:• 82 rXSSOSB^OSSOSSi
34
SACRAMENTO'S PLANS
FOR THE DEWEY FETE
CANDIDATES FOR THE MAY DAY CROWN AT SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO. April 22.— The Dewey
day jubilee fete and floral carnival,
to take place Iri this city' on the
Ist of May. promises to he one of
the most notable events ever wit
nessed In Northern California. Now
that the Governor has issued his procla
mation declaring Dewey day a holiday,
the Ist of May will be given over to one
continuous series of events, from the first
boom of the cannon at 6 in the morning
until 11 o'clock at night, when the festivi
ties will close with a grand exhibition of
storeopticon views of Manila and the
naval battles there, and at Havana and
Santiago, and other notable scenes that
figured in the late war.
At 9 o'clock In the morning the floral
parade will start. Scott F. F.nnls has
been chosen grand marshal. Mr. Ennis
stated to-day that there will be at least
a hundred decorated vehicles In the line
of march. Prominent merchants have
signified their intention of taking part.
Owners of gardens will contribute flow
ers of all kinds, and as prizes will be
awarded for the best decorated tally-ho,
family carriages, single buggy and bicy
cle, it is expected that some very beauti
ful turnouts will be made. There will
also be a large cavalcade of mounted
young men. Floats typical of the day
will appear in the line at regular Inter
vals.
After the floral parade the scene of the
celebration jvill be transferred to Oak
I .irk a beautiful spot in the suburbs.
SALINAS READY
FOR THE COMING
OF THE NATIVES
To=Day the Delegates to the
Grand Parlor Will Be Given
a Welcome,
SALINAS. April 22.— At last, after
weeks of splendid planning and the en
thusiastic can ing out of plans by en
ergetic 'committees, arrangements are
completed, the preliminary work is ac
complished, the decorations are placed
and all is ready in Salinas for the visit
of the Grand Parlor of the Native Sons
of the Golden West. Even the smile of
welcome has been donned by the Sa
linasites and cordiality, good fellowship
and a week of royal entertainment
await delegates who are to arrive to
morrow. The city in its gala attire l«s
a pleasing sight, for all the business
houses and hotels and many private
residences are decorated. The yellow
symbol of California gold, the tint be
loved of the Native Sons of the Golden
West, has literally flooded the city. It
mingles with the national colors in the
draping of buildings; it (lies in stream
ers from points and pinnacles; it pre
dominates everywhere. The decora
tions are very artistic, though not so
elaborate as they might be. Lines of
banners of all nations, the stars and
Stripes and the California bear Hag pre,
dominating, are Ing at intervals on
Main, Alisal, Gabilan and Castroville ;
streets, alternating with lines of gor
geously colored Japanese lanterns,
which when lighted will produce a bril
liant effect. A bandstand, elaborately
..rated, has been erected on Main
street, where public concerts will be
given every afternoon and evening of
the week. Salinas has so armed her
entertainments that the delegates will
find a continuous' round of pleasure
from the time of their arrival to the
end of the week.
Native Sons* Hall will be headquar-
■
EOORD'S
LONDON, ENCLAND)
OLD TOM, DRY or
SLOE GINS
ARE THE BEST.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
-Soil Agents, 314 Sacrnmento Street,
San Frnnclsco, Cal.
The May Queen will be crowned with
great pomp. She will be attended by
a full court composed of knights, squires,
pages, jesters, maids of honor, etc.
Beautiful costumes arc in the course of
preparation for this feature. The con
test for tho election of the Queen has
fairly aroused the whole city, and the
great question in Sacramento to-day is,
"Who is to be Queen of the Slav.
mother? Who is to be Queen of the
May?" The visiting Sir Knights have en
tered into the spirit of the contest, and
they are among the most liberal patrons
of the ballot-box.
The four prominent candidates arc Miss
Petrie. Miss Hammond, .Miss Hems and
Miss Heltman. Miss Petrie Is the daugh
ter of one of Sacramento's prominent cit
izens, who is, by the way. a past com
mander of the Grand Commandery of
the State. Miss Hammond is the popu
lar bookkeeper in the Golden Eagle Ho
tel, and the patrons of that hostelry are
making great efforts in her behalf. Miss
Hems is a bookkeeper In a large mer
chandise establishment in a portion of.
the city where a great many Sacramento
shop men live, and they are doing good
work, as the Hots show. Miss Alma
Heltman; who leads the votes to-night,
is the daughter of J. H. Heitman of this
city. She is a beautiful young woman of
the brunette type. She has many friends
among the young people, many of whom
are making a personal canvass. This is
the first contest of the kind that 'ever
took place here, and the result will be
looked forward to with more than ordi
nary interest.
A large class of young girls is being
trained to take part In the May-pole
I ters of the local parlors of both Na
tive Sons and Native Daughters. Santa
Lucia Parlor, N. S. '*. W., has arranged
convenient and comfortable smoking.
■ reading and lounging rooms, and a
committee will always be in attendance
to attend to the wants or answer the
Inquiries of guests.
The Native Daughters have taken
possession of the rear rooms of the
same building, beautifying them in
the dainty and artistic way which only
women understand, and making them
the most attractive of all the rendez
vous in the city. The reception commit
tee, some of whose members will al
ways be present at headquarters, Is
posed of Mrs. L. G. Hare, Mrs. J.
Stirling, Mrs. A. McCandless, Miss Mac
■ I 'at ton. Miss Mabel Harvey, Miss Na
talie Clark, Miss Edith Baker, Mrs. E.
A. Baton, Mrs. Harvey Abbott, Mrs.
, S. N. Matthews, Mrs. C. N. Blanchard,
[ Miss' Grace Shearer, Mrs. A. Harris,
i Miss Bee Porter.
Other places at which a hearty wel
come will be extended to the visiting
parlors are the armory of Troop C,
National Guard of California, and the
City Hall. The reception rooms at both
places are beautifully decorated. At
the City Hall some of the city officers
will dispense the city's hospitality,
while a detachment of Troop C will
preside daily in their especial domain.
The armory proper will have the fin
ishing touches of its decorations given
later, as it is there the grand hall and
the annual banquet are to be held. The
plan is to decorate it with especial
elaboration, much expensive material
as well as elegant cut flowers and
potted plants to be employed. Mr.
Pratt, the official decorator, has de
signel and is supervising the work at
this particular place.
All the business sessions of the
Grand Parlor will be held in the opera
house. where special preparations have
been made for th' comfort and con
venience of officers and delegates.
A committee composed of P. E. Zab
ala, E. J. Harris, L.„ U. Grant, E. A.
Eaton, DA. Porter and others from
Santa Lucia Parlor of Salinas went to
San Francisco to-day to participate in
tie high jinks which Stanford Parlor
gives to-night in honor of the visiting
delegates in San Francisco en route
here. All the delegates now in San
Francisco will lea. there at 9a. m.
to-morrow for Salinas. At San Jose
the ]'if- Regiment Band will meet
■ them and accompany them here.
Gabilan Parlor of Castroville. and the
Casti oville Brass Band will meet the
train at Castroville and invite the dele- ]
gates to a reception and luncheon,
after which all will proceed to Salinas. !
The Salinas Band, Troop C,' National
Guard of California, dismounted in full ;
dress uniform; Santa Lucia * Parlor, !
Native Sons of the Golden West,'
eighty-one strong, and Aleli Parlor!
Native Daughters of the Golden West!
with ninety-seven members, will meet i
the train which brings the delegates,
and, forming a procession, the. entire
body will march to Armory Hall, where j
an informal' reception ' and * general I
handshaking will be the order. The I
Troop C Orchestra will pl«_,y sweet mv- j
sic during the reception. The visiting
delegates will then be escorted to the
headquarters In Native Sons' Hall, and
each will he assigned to the quarters
he is to occupy during the coming
week. •'
Excellent arrangements have been
mads for the housing of delegates.
Urand President "William Conley will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
dance. For this event, also, elaborate
preparations are being made. The par
ticipants will be handsomely dressed in
patriotic colors, carefully designed by
proud mothers.
There will be a Cairo street, lined with
booths of all kinds, and the air will re
sound with the stentorian voices of ama
teur spielers. These booths will be pre
sided over by the young women of Cali
fla Parlor, Native Daughters.
There will be a football game, a base
ball game between members of Sacra
mento and Sunset parlors of Native Sons,
and a baby show. This last feature is to
be a particularly interesting affair, as
Sacramento is proud of her reputation as
a producer of attractive youngsters.
There will be an immense band con
cert, accompanied by a large chorus, with
artillery effects. There will be many
other features sufficient to entertain all.
This is an opportunity that Sacramento
has been waiting for, and now that it is
here it Is Intended not only to rival* but
surpass similar celebrations in Southern
Cauifornia. The flowers here are both
bounteous and beautiful. There are
many up-to-date carriages here, and
Dewey day in Sacramento will go down
in history as one never to be forgotten
by those who will be so fortunate as to
be here on that occasion.
The following is the way the ballots
stood for the leading candidates at the
last canvass to-day:
Alma Heitman 1918 Lulu Goepel IS9
bctta Petrie 1570 Ralphs Hale IBS
Isabelle Hammond. 1425 Helen Peterson 119
Korine Hems 1064 Ethel de Maranville 105
Belle Thomas 3*59 May Kieting- 102
Edna Johnson 314
,be domiciled at Hotel Abbott. Grand i
Secretary Henry Lunstedt and Assist
ant Secretary J. J. Jamison will have
their headquarters at the Bardin
House.
At 3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon the
l Fifth Regiment Band of San Jose will'
give a sacred concert on Main street,
and informal visits to various head
quarters and reception rooms will close
the day.
A.
REUNION OF FORESTERS.
. Four Hundred Members of the Order
to Gather at Salinas.
SAUNAS, April 22.— The Foresters of
America will have a reunion here on
Tuesday, April 2.", in which over 400 mem
bers of the order are expected to partici
pate. Court Santa Lucia of this city is
making great preparations to entertain
the visiting brethren and their wives dur
ing the day and evening. The pavilion and
Pacific Hall have been engaged for a ban
quet and ball. The Foresters from abroad
! will arrive in time to take part in the
j Native Sons' parade on Tuesday morning.
lln the afternoon special entertainment
i will be provided for the visitors. At night
I the banquet for Foresters will occur at
I the pavilion, after which there will be
I dancing in Pacific Hall. Both halls have
been elaborately decorated.
I The courts to he present are Pajaro
I Valley, Rose 0 Watsonville. Court Del
Monte 'of Monterey and courts from Santa
Cruz. San Lucas. Soledad and Castro
ville. Several of the grand officers will be
i in attendance.
AMERICAN SCIENTISTS
TO EXPLORE ALASKA
NEW YORK. April 22.-Edward If. Har
riman of this city has chartered a steam
ship on which he will leave Seattle about
May 20 with .a party of noted American
scientists who will be his guests during
what promises to bo the most notable
voyage of scientific discovery in Alaska
ihe trip will be of national Importance
and several representatives of the United
States Government will be among those to
profit by it.
The ship will be equipped so that much I
scientific work can be done on board She
will carry many guides, packers and bear
ers, so that all sorts of journeys of explor
ation inland may be made. To a great ex
tent each member of the party may work
independently, having an outfit and ser
vants placed at his disposal and having
only to notify Mr. Harriman of the nature
of the experience he desires and to name
the place at which he will rejoin the shin
As for the route, all. that has been de
cided as yet is that the steamship will
make the inside passage to Sitka, thence
to Cooks Inlet arid around Kadiak Island
Even these plans may be modified to meet
the wishes of members of the party or to
follow up some line of investigation which
may suggest Itself later. Almost every
branch of scientific research will be rep
resented, and Alaska will be scanned and
sounded from every point of view
Leland Stanford University of Califor
nia will have one representative at least-
Professor C. H. Gilbert. As another Cali
fornia representative it is expected Pro
fessor John Muir will go.
. _»
COPPER QUEEN GROUP
OF CLAIMS JS SOLD
REDDING. April 22.-The Copper Queen
| group of claims in Trinity County has
; been sold to a Napa company, composed
of Henry Brown of the Bank of Napa and
Schuppert and Buckman, owners ofthe old
Spanish mine in this county, also of Nana
, The deeds of the property will be trans
ferred on Saturday. The amount of
! money involved has not yet been made
i public. The Copper Queen is situated
•about five miles north of Trinity Center
and a mile oast of Carrvllle, on the Trin
ity River. The men who relinquish own
i ership to the property are William Voll-
S?,_ rs ' -^? m I!llk '' ' Frank Pimmick and
Ellas Ellery. The property is immensely
rich in copper, carrying carbonate ore
which can be easily treated. The Copper
Queen is well developed, having over 300
feet of tunnel. It was successfully worked
in the seventies by William Andrews
when the ore had to be freighted to Red'
; Bluff and then shipped down the river
One lot of 2800 pounds sent down by Mr
| Andrews yielded 1800 pounds of pure cop
! per. It is estimated that there are over
i 200,000 tons of ore in sight. The purchas
ers will go to work immediately on an ex
tensive scale. Messrs. Brown & Schup
pert went to Napa on Wednesday night
to be prepared to turn over the purchase
money, while Mr. Buckman went on to
San Francisco to place an order with the
Union Iron Works for a furnace for a
i forty-ton smelter, which will be erected
j immediately.
MANY BEOUESTS OF
BARONESS HIRSCH
The Will Not to Be
Opened Until May 1.
VAST SUMS GIVEN CHARITIES
TWO ADOPTED SONS LIBERAL
LY PROVIDED FOR.
In the Event of the El£er Dying
Childless Ten Millions More
Will Be Added to the
Amounts Donated.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
NEW YORK, April 22.— A World cable
from Vienna says: The will of the late
Baroness Maurice de Hirsch, which ru
mor says gives $100,000,000 to charities, is
not to be formally opened until May 1.
Although mention is made of bequests
to the extent of $100,000,000, the actual be
quests to charities so far disclosed aggre
gate only about $12,000,000.
The late Baron left $124,000,000, of which
$100,000,000 went to charities under his will,
which is equivalent to the sum now al
leged to have been devoted to charities.
So probably there has been some confu
sion between the Baron's and Baroness'
wills.
'I'll.- elder of the Baroness' two adopted
sons, Maurice de Forest Bischoffsheim.
gets interest on $10,000,000, and in the event
of his dying childless the principal goes
to charities. The second adopted son, a
permanent invalid, gets $100,000 per annum
tor life.
tor Baron Hirsch's New York fund for
the extension of schools and other insti
tutions there is $1,200,000; for the Oriental
Israelite Normal School In Paris and for
the maintenance of colleges in the
East, $800,000; for pensions to teach
ers In the same institutions. $600,000;
for feeding and clothing the poorer pupils
in the schools founded or to be founded
by the Universal Israelite Alliance, $500.
--000; for a loan fund of the Jewish board
of guardians in London, $600,000; for Baron
Hlrsch Institute in Montreal, $120,000; for
a home for Jewish working girls founded
by the Baroness, $600,000; for the com
mittee of Jewish benevolence In Paris
$100,000; for the Jewish Colonization Ass.,.'
elation in London. $5,000,000; for the Jubilee
fund in Australia started by the Baroness
for the support of boys and girls, $400,000;
for the Baron's primary schools in Ga
licia. $600,000. to which the Baron had al
ready devoted $6,000,000.
To each of the twenty officers of the
Paris Blenfaisance, $5000; for the Jewish
communities in Vienna, Bremen, Buda
pest!., Paris, Brussels, Mayence, Frank
fort-on-Main and Munich, sums aggre
gating $200,000.
The text of this document, if published
in full, will be found, it is said, to con
tain a passage of great general interest
referring to Princes and others in high
stations who were Indebted to the Hirsch
family in large sums.
The delay In publishing the text of the
document is undoubtedly due to influence
from the highest quarters here and In
other European countries.
CHINESE SUSPECTS ARRESTED.
FRESNO, April 22.-Two more Chinese
have been lodged in the County Jail on
charges of murder as a result of the high
binder war. They are Choy Lie and Hop
Woo, and they were arrested at Tracy
• this morning. Last night they were driven
1 out of town to Coin. . where they boarded
' the train. The officers got word of it and
i had them stopped at Tracy. This even
ing they were brought back by ,T. B. Rags
dale, the Chinatown night watchman. One
of them claimed to be a merchant, while
the other is said to bo a highbinder.
/hudyan curesV
i wasting diseases i
i MEN "women I
SAr /ffl
m, DUO* <m
THE INCALCULABLE AMOUNT OF GOOD THAT HUDY'AN IS DOING IN
MAKING SICK. WEAK AND DESPAIRING PEOPLE WELL SHOULD COMMAND
THE ATTENTION OF EVERY PERSON WHO IS OUT OF HEALTH.
, MEDICAL MEN IN ALL PARTS OF THE COUNTRY ARE COMPELLED TO
INDORSE HUDYAN, BECAUSE HUDYAN IS A REMEDY THAT POSSESSES
SUPERIOR CURATIVE PROPERTIES. NO REMEDY ON EARTH HAS HAD SO
WONDERFUL A RECORD AS HUDYAN For BUILDING UP AND REJUVE-
NATING CONSTITUTIONS THAT HAVE BEEN BROKEN DOWN BY DISEASE
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE WHO owe TO HUDYAN THEIR GOOD HEALTH
RESTORED VITALITY, RENEWED ENERGY AND FREEDOM FROM DISEASE
ARE READY AND WILLING AT ALL TIMES TO TESTIFY RELATIVE TO THE
MERITS OF THIS GREAT REMEDY.
EVIDENCE THAT LEAVES NO GROUNDS
FOR DOUBT:
NERVOUS DISORDER. FEMALE WEAKNESS.
n_,= . tw0,.,, t BAKI ; :R city . Or- SACRAMENTO, Cal.
Dear Doctors: I am pleased to state Dear Doctors: lam very thankful to you
that your medicine has cured me cf ncr- for placing within my reach your valuable .
vous trouble. My appetite is now good Hudyan. I used to be pale, weak and very
and J. can sleep well. l have gained in nervous. Would be confined to bed for
weight and strength. I feel more ener- three days every month. I suffered a great ,
getic and my work don't tire me.. I am deal. Your Hudyan made a wonderful
thankful to you and to Hudyan. Yours change, and I am now well and strong
truly, A. B. HOOPER. I suffer no more pain.
MRS. W. T. JONES.
BRIGHT'S DISEASE. DYSPEPSIA.
STAUNTON, 111. FRISCO. N. M
Dear Doctors: I. owe my life to Hudyan, Dear Doctors: lam recommending Hud-
for I would never have gotten well of Kid- yan to all my friends, because I have re. - '
ney disease had it not been for Hudyan. son to know that It will do what you claim
lam working even' day now. Haw gained for it. I suffered from a serious Stomach
25 pounds in weight, eat well and sleep trouble for many years, and your Hudyan
well. I feel that I can never repay you cured me. lam so glad that I found your
sufficiently for the benefit I have receivged. valuable medicine and will always praise It
WILHELM LICH. R. W. LEWIS. .
* HUDYAN CURES NERVOUSNESS, WEAKNESS, NERVOUS EXHAUSTION
SLEEPLESSNESS, DESPONDENCY, TREMBLINGS, NEURALGIA. RHEUMATISM* <
PAINS IN SIDE. BACK AND SHOULDERS, HEADACHES, PAINS IN CHEST
HUDYAN CURES NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA. INDIGESTION, BLOATING PAINS
IN STOMACH, SLEEPLESSNESS. COATED TONGUE. . ' ■ -■.-.-•'."«
HUDYAN CURES PALPITATION OF THE HEART, DIZZY SPELLS TEND
ENCY TO FAINT. DIFFICULT BREATHING. RUSHES OF BLOOD TO HEAD
HUDY'AN CURBS IRREGULARITIES IN WOMEN, PAINFUL PERIODS PAIN '
IN BACK, DRAGGING PAINS, WEAKNESS AND PALLOR. HUDYAN GIVES
HEALTH AND STRENGTH, IT MAKES RICH, RED BLOOD.
I Hudyan ls for sale by druggists, DOc a package, or six packages for $2 50 If
your druggist does not keep 110 Ivan send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco, Cal. " '
YOU HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF CONSULTING THE HUDYAN' DOCTOR*?
ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. " '
-•~-^-'*~^--*•~^'*-^-^-<^<^^ <^-♦-<^^<^-*•-<^-♦-^-♦-^^
ENGLAND IN NEED
OF FIGHTING MEN
Recruiting Becomes a
Difficult Task.
ARMY'S WANING STRENGTH 1
GETS ONLY .THE DREGS OF THE
POPULATION.
Scotland Is Especially Backward, and
Even in Ireland It Is Harder
to Get Soldiers Than
Formerly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, April 22.— A special ca
ble, to the World from London says: !
England must prepare to make a big :
financial sacrificg if she wishes to avoid
a conscription in some form. The mil- :
itary authorities here are at their wits' ;
ends to stimulate recruiting, which has j
shown a great falling off. It was de
cided recently to add another battalion
to the Scots Guard, but so few recruits [
have come forward that special per- j
mission has been . obtained to enlist ,
men in Ireland for this nominally Scot- j
tish regiment. But that is an old story,
as there are almost as many Irishmen I
as Scotchmen in some of the most fa
mous fighting Highland regiments.
Despite all the fresh inducements of j
pay and . pension recently offered, in
volving a large additional charge on j
the nation, the army is getting only ;
the dregs of the population. Scotland j
especially is backward. Even in Ire- i
land it is harder to get soldiers than '
formerly.
This state of affairs is attributed in
some measure to the Improvement in
trade and the consequent satisfactory |
condition of the labor market, for it |
is a known fact that except in a few j
districts in North England Englishmen \
rarely become soldiers except through
want of employment.
It is different in Ireland, but there j
political feeling is a great drag on re
cruiting.
Army reformers insist that the diffi
culty can be surmounted only by pay
ing at the rate of the labor market and
giving the soldier 24 cents a day clear
instead of deducting his rations from
that pay, as at present.
TOMB OFTHE POPE
HAS BEEN PREPARED
The Missing* Detail Which. Consisted
on an Inscription Is Completed
by His Holiness.
ROME. April 22.— Several years ago the
Pope gave the famous sculptor, Luchetti, I
a commission to construct a tomb for his t
Holiness, to be placed in the basilica of
St. John. The tomb is now complete in
every detail save one. It can be erected
in its place in a day or two. The missing
detail is now supplied. It is the Inscrip
tion, which the Pope once jokingly said he
would write as soon as there seemed to
be a likelihood of needing it. Last week
he composed the inscription and sent IE to j
Luchetti. It is in Latin and is very sim- .
ple, only the Pope's christian and family
names, date of birth, blank for date of
death and a few wojds recording Leo's
veneration for St. Thomas and St. An
thony.
■ ■ ■____________________—^^—— _-^— -—»—■—-■—-■—— ■—'■■^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
—MB jjjMIM
NEW 75clO_LARDS.
To-morrow begins our Great Sale comprising 130 pieces 24-inch, all-silk.
satin finish, Twilled Foulards, excellent quality, in beautiful designs latest
colorings in purple, light and dark navy, brown, green, gray, »ellotrope,
a grand assortment. On special sale at 73c a yard. (Come early ana secure
choice designs.) :
BLACK DUCHESSE, BLACK DUCHESSE.
Pure Silk, 19 inches wide, worth Ssc; Pure Silk Satin Duchesse. 24 -inches
special at wide, rich and lustrous: worth 51, spe-
__, YARD. cial at »yj- YAHD.
55c YARD. 7Z>C YARD.
ALL- WOOL 25c SERGE.
Li 100 pieces all-wool genuine French k I
A GREAT Serge, in black and navy, 38 inches FOR TO-MOR'\
BARGAIN. wide; worth SOc a yard; for to- 1 ROW ONLY. |J
„,,,, — imim mm , morrow only, price 23c. _______-_■—_»»•»»-.
WOOL COVERT SUITINGS. BLACK CREPONNES.
44-inch Wool Covert Suitings in new 44-inch Black Creponnes in large
spring colorings, correct material for raised mohair effects, brilliant luster,
spring; worth 75c; special at good quality; regular value $2 yard;
SOc YARD. l Bpecialat 91. 50 YARD.
1 A SALE OF WASH FABRICS. I
*.!-■■ -IW— l-----UM--W — _>llM_ilMiM-M 111 11-IWll . I ■MM MM 111 Ml I■mm _l i '■■*Wn_~l ___J_____, .■ ■ 1 !■!■ W~T.
To-morrow we place on sale a special purchase of 200 pieces printed Or-
gandies in light and medium grounds, in pretty, dainty colorings; every
yard worth 20c and 15c, which we offer at
200 pieces Cotton Coy- A J WHITE GOODS
crt Suitings in correct 4 H4B M _ _ _ >-..__- _»_—
spring colorings; tho"ff)l _ ■■ I K^s\ BARGAINS.
right material for out- § Z. n{_, M - 1 __
ing skirts; price... .yard *■ ■ |ft| 50 pieces White Or-
-100 pieces Linen ll< I I Bandy, extra Quality, *A C*-
Crash Suitings with ■ J%s regular price 40c; spe-^^G
colored silk stripes; f) C-. ** clal at yard
very pretty; price __Ci_/t7 1( - 10 pieces heavily
yard corded White Pique, 0/|_-i
A new invoice of gen- YARD, fine quality: special at Z.U L
vine Scotch Zephyr * J' " l
Ginghams in stripes BO pieces fine White
and checks; 30 inches I__®& Corded Dimities, nice
wide; fast colors; in all 0/T_"» *w^»' for waists and dresses; tf) ft —
the now colorings ; £ Zl C **&%* worth 30c; special at... _fc(/0
price yard yard
READY-MADE GARMENTS ~i EXTRA VALUES IN LADIES' AND
ON CHILDREN'S SPRING
SPECIAL SALE. j UNDERWEAR AND HOSIERY.
Crash Dress Skirts made f\ __T Ladies' White Cotton Bibbed
in latest style; also Covert QC _ //IP Vests, fancy lace trimmed;
Dress Skirts in all the new \J \J (J y"-Z?. I°"**"* neck and no sleeves.
colorings; price each y-»y-| Ladies' Spun Silk Ribbed
White Pique Dress Skirts Ol 95 OUP Vests, fancy lace effects, in
made in latest style; good A l-*-*J : ** *' ** * pink, blue, lavender, black
quality Pique; price..... each Tr* — ; and cream.
Black all-wool Serge, also ' 4P* Children's Imported Fast
plain and figured Sicilian ! IDP Black Cotton Hose, high
Dress Skirts, percallne . __ . * , "' spliced heels and toes; extra
lined; worth $6 and $330; O Q. 35 quality; sizes 3 1 - to S>-i.
special for to-morrow ati)J n ~ Ladies' Fast Black Cotton
each t- — ZOC. Hose, high spliced heels and
Black Taffeta Silk Waists, . toes; all black and black
corded fronts, lined through- with white feet; regular
out; extra good quality; . _._ value 33c.
latest styles; sizes 34 .to 42; OtZ 25
value at $7.50; special at tp Q '_ LACE SPECIAL.
" LV"*. _ j ',;■' eao A special purchase of 3i"hX>
Most extensive lines of yards Patent , Torchon Lace
Ladies' Cotton Shirt Waists Edgings and Insertions from 1 #-
ever exhibited, in white and 01.00 to 3 inches wide; every yard /% _-%
colors; prices $3, $2.50, $1.50 A/ v worth 12% c and 10c; your fi fi
and each r — choice Monday ...."yard *■' *^
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
MME. D'ALMA
JAILED BY MOORS
■-.-'..•'.. . ■
Arrested While Entering
a Mosque.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 22.— -According to
an account given to-day by Sic Hassan
Ben Ali, manager of a troupe of Ara
bian acrobats, a startling chapter has
been added to the already sensational
career of a young woman formerly the
wife of Rudolf Aronson, who, since her
divorce a few years ago, has been
known as Mme. Alma d'Alma. Ben
Ali said that Mme. d'Alma is at pres
ent a prisoner in the hands of the
Moors, and showed me a cablegram to
himself in which she announced that
she had been .arrested. The dispatch
was dated yesterday at Tangier, and
read:
Have been arrested while attempting
to enter mosque.
It was signed "Dalma." Ben Ali was
much perturbed over the tidings, . and
said he had grave fears that the pris
oner would be harshly dealt with.
Madame d'Alma Bailed from this city
on March 29 for Tangier with the in
tention of endeavoring: to obtain ad
mission to the harem of the Sultan of
Morocco for the purpose of studying
the life of the inmates.; Ben Ali said
that he made the acquaintance of
Madame d'Alma on board steamship on
the voyage from Mediterranean ports
*to this city. It was his account of life
in the Orient, he said, that suggested
to her the idea of traveling in com
paratively unknown portions of MoToc-
CO, He warned her that she would
probably have much difficulty in gain
ing an entrance to the harem of the
Sultan, but she determined to perse
vere in the adventure.
Ben Ali said that he learned of her
safe arrival at Tangier and of her de
parture from that place to go into the
interior with a caravan. The next
news he received was contained in the
cablegram. : >v:-
Allowing for the time elapsed, Ben
Ali said that he was pretty well sat
isfied that the arrest had taken place
at the town of Sidi Kassam Bo Assray,
a place which is celebrated for a
mosque of great antiquity and pecu
liar sanctity. This place is five days'
journey from Tangier and sixteen days'
journey by caravan from the city of
Morocco.
"I greatly fear." he said to-day,
"that Madame d'Alma is in serious
trouble. She was to travel in the garb
of a woman of the country in which no
objection would ordinarily be made to
her entering the mosque. She was ig
norant of the customs of the country,
and it is very likely that she com
mitted some breach of decorum which
would constitute a dreadful offense in
the eyes of a fanatic. Evidently she
managed to get a messenger through
to Tangier to send the cablegram.
This makes me think she has been sent
a prisoner to the Sultan at the city of
Morocco. In that case it will take con
siderable time before she can be com
municated with."
Ben All said he would. write to the
Secretary of State asking him to in
tervene in the prisoner's behalf.
Transfer of a Sugar Plant.
CHI NO. April 22.— Friday the Chtno
Valley Beet Sugar Company will cease to
exist, at leas"t so far as holding any prop
erty or Interests here is concerned. On
that date the factory here will be trans
ferred to the American Beet Sugar Com
pany, which is but a reorganization and
a combination of the Oxnard-Hamilton-
Catting companies. The change is In
name only. The company is to be known
now as the American Beet Sugar Com
pany. It includes three other companies
one at Oxnard, Ventura County; one at
Grand Island and one at Norfolk, Nebr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I THE |
GLOVE HOUSE.
SPECIAL FOR WEEK COMMENCING
MONDAY, APRIL 24.
_. 95 C
WE WILL SELL
91. 50 CLOVES.
Including Real Kid Mousquetaire and
Foster Hook Gloves, in all colors. j
800 MARKET ST.
Cor. Grant Avenue.
!~~jS-_ SAVE YOUR MONEY!" {
1 rib $10 to $17.50 j!
ffllfilllk You can get the best All-Woo! /
•jf»jl|ll[ro Suit Made to Order at '[
•fpjOE POHEIM ij
/ wovi If you wan a first-c'ass, ji
Kfisjiq * well-fitting suit of c'othes /
Hill from $20 to $40 go to !|
II JOE POHEIM j;
*"^lf&f Fine Clothes at 25 per 'i
, cent iessthan elsewhere. ]'
201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush i[
11.0-1112 Market St.. 8. F. I [
SKIN, SCALP, iNtaL
COMPLEXION. &^
Itching, burning. Irritated skin .Wf /
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair >fe_S_>_ -^/
and dandruff and blemished com-
plexions instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the daily use ot
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and purl-
fying. Sold everywhere.
Exposure to a sudden ell- Mm>-_^n
matic change produces MmmVU)c iV'S^Ei
Cold in the Head. Wt^^r^M
neglect it and catarrh fol- H^^K^'.b ym I
lows. Provided with tW.^ I '"toa
Ely's Cream Balm lT* ER
you are armed against few >> *Is"*"^HB
NASAL CATARRH fcfS^B
It quickly cures cold in R'l-^-Tt-tf * i _?^_* IKM1 KM
the head. ty^^yvy^^ "\Z4
Cream balm ls placed int^r,. •■••7?. spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed Relief is
immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. l._rge size, 50c;
at druggists or by mail: trial size. 10c. by mall.
EIA BROTHERS, M Warren st.. Xew fork.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per YearNATIONS WILL
NOT QUIT ARMING
Prediction of Failure of
Hague Conference.
Copyrighted, 1.?9, by the Associated Press.
LONDON. April According to ad- \
vices from excellent authorities, not
even the most sanguine, of those con. !
cerned now expect any substantial j
progress to be made at the coming
peace conference toward the disarma
ment or even a suspension of anna- I
ments. The Czar himself and his en- j
tourage are reported to have lost their j
Illusions on the subject, and it is said
that the proceedings and the treaty on
military and naval Questions will be
confined to the merest generalities, j
None of the decisions will be binding j
and even in the matter of international
arbitration, if anything is agreed to, it
will not be absolutely obligatory.
The British newspapers this week
have generally taken up the question
of Emperor William's choice of Profes
sor yon Stengel as a German delegate
to the conference, and it is pointed out.
Judging from his writings, he is a de
clared advocate of war and not of
peace. Therefore, the papers here con
fess to be nonplussed at his selection,
and declare it is hardly possible the ,
German Emperor can desire the sue- j
cess of the conference if he maintains ,
his nomination.
Extracts from Professor yon Sten
gel's pamphlet, "Der Ewige Friede"
("The Everlasting Peace"), have been
reproduced. Some of his references to
America are decidedly resting.
Alter declaring that the Germans, least j
of all nations, should support the "lan- ;
tastic aspirations of the friends of
peace," he says: The Americans, in- j
toxicated, will strive more and more to j
become the dominant power and die- i
tate their law to Europe in any con- [
test between America and Europe, j
Shall Germany stand peacefully to one i
side and bow humbly before America?
Certainly not. This is already impos
sible, because political dominion is also !
economic dominion, and Germany must
be politically and militarily powertui ill
she does not wish to go to economic i
destruction."
Further on. Professor yon Stengel de%.
dares that he does not know whether ;
it was "mere madness or crime when
perpetual peace was preached to the
German nation," and describes the 1
Czar's rescript as a "bombastically
composed document."
David Christie Murray, in the Lon
don Morning, to-day remarks that Eu- i
rope is anxious to learn if. after this
frank expression of his opinions, Pro
fessor yon Stengel's appointment will '
be confirmed by Emperor William, add
ing that if so, it would be a saving not
to hold the inference at all.
The proceedings of the British Par
liament this week were mainly of a
domestic nature. The Marquis of Salis- i
bury, who has returned to London j
from the south of France, reappeared '
in the -House of Lords Friday even
ing. His holiday on the Riviera has j
resulted in a great improvement in his i
health. Much amusement was caused
by the fact that he has had his usually
long hair closely cropped, with the re- j
sult, as one paper says, of "transform
ing him from a cavalier into a round
head."
The most interesting parliamentary
event *-> as the introduction by the
Lord Chief Justice, Baron Russell of
Killowen, of his bill against illicit Be
cret commissions in business, which
custom the report of the investigating
committee of the London Chamber of
Commerce recently denounced so
stronerly and urged the adoption of leg- j
islative measures to correct* it. Lord
Russell thundered against secret com
missions with an indignation which '
awed even the House of Lords. His
bill proposes to extend the law affect
ing public bodies to commissions on all
business transactions, making such
secret payments a criminal offense.
His lordship mentioned a number of .
cases, some of them very painful,
showing the prevalence of the system
and the jury done thereby to trade :
and morals.
The Lord High Chancellor, Earl
Halsbury. gave the hill a hesitating '
welcome, but the newspapers generally
warmly welcome the measure and urge
the adoption of its essentia] features.
The increase of the British garrison
at th( Cape of Good Hope from 3300
men three years ago to 9000 men has
been leading to the impression that
some movement was premeditated
against the Transvaal republic.
The Liberal papers to-day comment
upon the situation and ask if Great
Britain is preparing to seize the Trans
vaal. They point out that the perma
nent establishment of big garrisons In
South Africa is a complete reversal of
the old policy of withdrawing troops
from the colonies.
A big strike of miners has begun in
Belgium for an increase in wages
About 40.000 men are now out. a num
ber of factories are closing for lack of
coal, the bricklayers and masons are
Joining in the movement and disturb
ances are feared. The Socialists form
an important element among the strik- :
ers.
In consequence of the complaints of
French colonists that it is impossible
to find French wives unless they return
home, th*- Ministry of the Colonies in
tends to install a central emigrant of
fice for women in Paris, with branches' '
in the country. Approved maidens who '
are. accredited suitable for colonial
marriages will be provided with a wed
ding outfit costing $60, with $20 pocket
money and with a free passage to the
colony selected. The first experiment
will be made in Madagascar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
6 6 BHEP 808 ¥>«
"77"
FOR
GRIP & GOLDS
Is no better than
No. FOR
1 Fevers. Congestions. Inflammations. .25
2 Worms, Worm Fever, Worm C01ic... 25
3 Teething, Colic. crying. Wakefulness 25
4 Diarrhoea, of Children and Adults.. 25
* Neuralgia. Toothache. Faceache. 25
9 Headache; Sick Headache, Vertigo 25
10 Dyspepsia. Indigestion. Weak Stom-
ach 25
:l Suppressed or Painful Periods 7725
12 Deucorrhea or Whites 77. 25
14 Skin Diseases, Salt Rheum. ...!!!!!!!. ! 25
15 Rheumatism. Rheumatic Pains 725
16 Malaria, Chills, Fever and Ague 26
SO Whooping 'Ugh 725
.7 Kidney Diseases 25
IS Nervous Debility, Vital Weakness... l <M
10 Urinary Disease 25
Dr. Humphrey*' Manual Of all Diseases at
four Druggists' or Mailed Free. j
Bold by druggists, or sent on receipt of price.
Humphreys' Med. Co.. cor. William and John
it*.. New York.
THE EMPORIUM-. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. 1 THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. .
For Balance of Month. 25 Per Cent Discount on All Watches in Our Stock That Are Over $10 Each. ;
Just received a complete assortment of I {Mammoth || ||§§§§r g Hffi fP*f| jl ß^ 11 I 1 I I||J|l Check your j ost received the very latest shapes and I |
new patterns in METAL FRAMES, fin- ' Spring Cata- fjg HHiL >•■▼■■ 7^^^S*SJh|H parcels free at tint; of CRANE'S UN c ERGLAZED J
ished in Satin Gilt, equal in appearance and focm/fro? fnr iIR: an « |W| ■■ the 111 forma- FINE SOCIETY STATIONERY, in <
durability to those of French Gold at less lOgUe fret, TOT gg W» fi| 0 € <er| U l e Bazaar. y %Z , Donald Albion, Premier, Gladstone, Ro- *
than halt the price of the latter. the asking. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. ttofl bUUaU - | anoke or Club shapes, and in Wistaria, j
Square Cabinets..2sc to 75c I Square Card 35c and 40c I > ] -Lapis Lazuh, Jewel, I urqaoise, Olive and I J
; ovai cabinet.. to $1.00 1 Ovai Card 25c to 65c j You must not leave this store dissatisfied. If there is anything wrong, we'll j -bq-aadron Gray tints* «
Round Cabinets...2oc to oOc Round Card 25c to 65c \ •,__•_., , t , • _. £ 4 j i vi i iv I iL Three Statinnnn Rap*nsainc "*
Diamond c:.binets.3sc& 6o 3 i Kodak size 25c » right lt at once. We aim at a perfect modern store service. We know that the 24 s'ee^a ** auaner y oargams. *
Just received a complete line of new PIC- QUALITIES of the goods that we sell are reliable — the STYLES correct, the PRICES 24 sheets PapeV.^o Envelopes, octavo/ square? com- «
Just received a complete line of new PIC- QUALITIES of the goods that we sell are reliable — the STYLES correct, the PRICES 24 sheets Paper. 25 Envelopes, octavo, square, com- «
OU^tAliS «dOM LOWEST on the Coast ' and we consider no transaction complete' until you are ' ■: m ty^7^":^7y^:^^ 1
Old Dutch, Japanese and Old tn l,__. pat- { satjsfied ■ ...... .; '. to pound per pound, »2 C *
1 - - — _____ _ * . . . __ __ A* *f
*■ — ■ *
Lowest Prices fot Up-to- Date
Clothing for Boys.
As we have said before, the cloth only represents
one-third of the cost of clothing. The other two-
thirds represents the trimmings and making.
Oar clothing is built upon honor. It will keep its co-or,
won't rip and will retain its shape.
The margin of profit is as small as is con-
/7 sistent with hone=t storekeeping. .We
/ JVrK promise no disappointment.
(yA^ \ Boys' Tan Ton Coats, $2.95—
VjJ We place on sale at this.prici a limited
>Nr§Q^ number of natty, all-wool Top Coats, for boys
f\ '2^>*7 \ «3 *° 10 years of age; well made with double-
I J  \\\ stitched seams and side vents. Their real
/ / ;L\ value is $4.00; our prica until 501d.. 52.95
t\ \ ' W B oys' Two-Piece Su/fs-Just
y\ \jQ j / received a lot of fine all-wool blue cheviots;
'fi t«y7 =a \j 11 the double breasted coat and knee We
/ y/vTX promise no disappointment.
A^f 5 \ Boys' Tan Top Goats, $2.95—
■VVI We place on sale at this .prica a limited
number of natty, all-wool Top Coats, for boys
.3 to 10 years of age; well made with double-
. stitched seams and side vents Their real
\ value ia $4.00; our pric? until sold. .^_?-05
/ Boys' Two-Piece Suits -
received a lot of fine all-wool blue cheviots;
the double breasted coat and knee pants
,7 fc=_J I wl 1 styles, in three excellent qualities:
J/t*t-=—^* v / One grade, really worth $4.50, marked
WTTT// $3.45
Mil / / If One grade, really worth $5.00, marked
TVHV $3.95
I I / ' One grade, really worth $6.00, murked
\. If $4.45
VJ ri Boys' Wool Suits at
ll) **-^^ $2.45 — 11 different sorts, not every size
\y in each lot, but every size in some lot. The
price, $2.45, talks for itself, for when
you've seen the goo Is, no matter how poorly posted you may
be on clothing values, you'll recognize in each one a fine bar-
gain. They are regular $3.00 and $3.50 values, while the lot
lasts, price $2.45
j Boys' odd white Duck Knee Pants ....50c
'Boys' all-wool odd Knee Pants 50c
Ladies' Foot-Form Shoes.
Ladies' chocolate color Vici
Kid Lace Oxfords; fancy silk vest- 2%fe^^~yys I
ing; cloth tops; new coin toes; *£z»hsC'.' : f J '^ J
kid tips; turned sewed soles ; Louis /^^S___^7
XV French heels; these shoes y^^^^~jrl7\ L
are made on the most fashionable
and shapely lasts and in the latest .c ul~-^*'^
designs of uppers by leaders
of style in ladies' fine shoes; all sizes and widths $2.48
Direct From Switzerland — Lzrge Importation.
Fine Embroideries.
The dainty fine grades, such as Nainsook Swiss sets, in all
widths, will be on sale at the Embroidery Section, Lace Aisle.
In addition to which we will offer the following large lots on
our Special Sale Counters. Main Entrance to Rotunda:
500 yards Cambric Embroidery, some very good edges, meas-
uring from Is to 2*, inches, per yard *. 4-C
750 yards Cambric Embroider}-, on good cloth, desirable pat-
terns. li to 2."£ inches wide, per yard- 7c
435 yards Cambric Embroidery, a good selection of patterns,
to measure from 1' 4 to 4 inches, per yard Qc
365 yards Cambric Embroidery, narrow, neat patterns, also
wide, showy patterns, measuring from 1^ to 5 inches wide,
per yard 12c
285 yards Cambric Embroiders, a very durable lot, good c'oth,
the kind that wears well, l\ to 7 inches wide, per v.rd. 17c
A particularly good selection of very desirable wide Em-
broideries, suitable for skirts and underwear, 3 lots, per yard...
tBc, 20c and 25c
Four Special Values in
Tea and Dinner Sets for Six
Persons.
Jf7h y^ ===^ K^ Semi-Porcelain Tea Set,
ff *v-^S^^^^^*^§^x\ Bfia P c like illustration,
-5X ' y~"^~~ :^f~ty,^^^- < <\ decorations in pink, blue
OVra^^* ) Uy^y^iy or green - for 6 persons,
V •£y' l -' > '( Q( _ '■•'. 0)! rf,n? ' ?t ' n K °f teapot, sugar
j^77y~y VI I bowl, cream pitcher, bowl,
i^^V^-^-%' 6 cups an( saucers, 6 plates
\ttyri> _A?Sft___ (Mi)'''' an( * 1 ralce plate— the set
•v^^^gS^^ ' for ' $1.75
The same number of
pieces for 6 persons, in a fine Carlsbad China Tea set, gold edge,
decorations in violet or pink flowers — the set for $4.25
Fine Semi-Porcelain Dinner Set, light brown border with
colored spray of autumn leaves and forget-me-nots, the set for
6 persons, 53 pieces for $6.25
The latest design Carlsbad China Dinner Set, gold edge, decor-
ated with violets or pink flowers, the set for 6 persons. 52
pieces for $13.25
See our window display of Lemonade Set , Wine Sets, T^ose
Bo'jcls and Vasts.
.44«A4Ai_-A«l<_«AAil4<lAA**«AA-i«««.«44*4(
CARNIVAL QUEEN
IS NOW A BRIDE
Wedding Bells Ring Out
at San Rafael.
Prec.al T'ispatr'h to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 22.— A romance
which had its inception at Lake Tahoe
last summer came to a happy climax
at noon to-day in the marriage of Miss
Edna Rodden, one of the local society's
fairest belles, to Harry M. Martin of
Reno. Nev. .-7.'*
The ceremony was performed at the
Presbyterian church on Fifth avenue
and E street, Rev. Dr. Mackenzie of
San Francisco officiating. The interior
of the edifice had been transformed into
a floral bower, and the youthful couple
clasped hands under a huge wedding
bell of roses while the words were pro
nounced which made them one. The
bride was given away by her father.
Judge George Rodden. Edmund Stadt
\ muller of San Francisco acted as best
I man and the Misses Anna and Gertrude
Martin, sisters of the groom, as brides
-1 maids. Another sister, Miss Clara
: Martin, was maid of honor. The ush-
I ers were Dr. George Rodden of San
! Francisco, a brother of the bride; Roy
Baker of Oakland. John McDonald and
William L. Corrigan.
The wedding march from "Lohen
grin" was played by Miss Flora Mc-
Donald Graham, while Miss Maude
Fay, a college classmate of Miss Rod
den, sang during the performance of
the ceremony. A unique and pleasing
feature of the occasion was the intro
duction of little Lewis Raphael Corri
gan, the five-year-old nephew of the
bride, as ring bearer. The precocious
youngster. proudly took his place, bear
ing the ring upon an embroidered satin
cushion. Into the covering of which had
been worked in silk letters the initials,
"R" and "M," and. he seemed highly
disappointed because he was not per
mitted to place the ring upon his aunt's
finger himself.
The bride was charmingly attired It*
a dress of ivory white satin, hand em
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Items From Our Stock of
Beautiful Wash Fabrics.
Assortments here are undeniably the largest in San Fran-
cisco. Styles are prettier than ever this year, and we have the
very prettiest ones from the leading factories of the world, at*
lowest prices in town.
Printed Dimities — Sheer fine fabric, with raised
thread-woven stripe — colorings chaste and choice — large assort-
ment from which to select, and price only, per yard lOc
French Organdies — In rich colorings such as Alsa-
tian printers only can produce on that sheer summer-like fabric
— so. pretty and cool — per yard 25c
Mousseline de Soie— The finest fabric woven al-
most, and hard to discern from real silk — better for wear— in
French colorings, including lavender and new blue, etc. — the
summer girls' ball dresses are made of this — per yard 45c
Handsome Suiting— The product of the flax looms,
in either natural linen color or with colored stripes 29 inches
wide — per yard 12 .G
Percales— Realizing the enormous demand for these
most serviceable of wash goods, we instructed our New York
buyer to purchase liberally of any new colorings or patterns,
provided the cloth was first class. A3 a result this week we
show 120 new styles, all up to date and highest standard — per
yard , • 12 c
White Buck — Not as heavy as a French pique, but very
good in appearance and satisfactory in wear— per yard lOc
White Organdies — Still they come, fresh from the
custom house, witn the guarantee "made in France" on each
• piece— 6B inches wide — ranging in price, per yard, from 40 C
to $1.25.
[Men's Furnishing Goods 'Department Offers •
Sweaters and Golf Hose.
Men's Wool Sweaters, navy blue, green and maroon, striped
collars and bottoms $1.00
Men's All-wool, Double-neck Sweaters, maroon, navy bin* and
black $1.50
Men's Pure Worsted Sweaters in ma-
roon, white, blue, black, tan and gray. fy\.
either plain or sailor collars $2.50 lcy*TY^^
Men's Fancy Worsted Sweaters, all SSkV
colors, with or without sailor collars — \\ 'y >^\\.
prices $3 and $3.50 fjj.'jW A . \\,
Coif Hose, handsome new patterns, ..I'll JL-/ V
several weights, plain or fancy prices.. ff \)^ryyfX
50c, 75c, $1 and $1.50 [I Jy^y/
Men's Underwear — Head- f^y^/w&IZ
quarters for all the best makes — "Stutt- 'ly^T' '
garter," Moulcott's. Wright's. Glasten- 'l*="
bury's. etc.— all weights, all grades, .the largest and best as-
sorted stock in the city — strong values offered at popular
prices, per garment SOc, 75c, $1 and $1.50
,
Furniture, Carpets, Rugs, Etc
The B ggest. Brightest and Best Lighted Carpet and Furniture Department in
San Francisco. One-half of second floor devoted to these two departments. Buy-
ing largely and selling rapidly, as we do, make prices like these possible:
Carpets.
Discount Sale this week of Carpets and
Rugs of the best make. It is not prob-
ab'e that such another opportunity will
be presented this season.
All Carpets sewed, lined and laid.
Velvet Carpets, per I Axminster Carpets.
yard 85c I yard $1.00
Tapestry Carpets, j Body Brussels, ncr
per yard... ssC I yard $1.00
A Cheap Good Rug — Rangpur Rugs
market, and at a much less price
i
Our line of .__ ■■/_ * . - Library
C *_-*_iN*r. t Ename! B * ,h '^y j/ <d^~y^ /ft Table with
-rW-f^fe L fiTr-TT yon will find "***^^y^<^\ v\y i) fH f '•_. rrawerk awer
G a-tf*ih__?*M£> ill' ]aTge an '^ (tt ! JT K \\ Iff '. antique
ntiß W^T^ly'7'^ '/' complete as I(j \\ It] 1 //; " H finish—
ff7T» •OH"W^ =:r:r can b.- seen \A —-J&J |]ji; / -=^b^j^> ' j _} _ bought at
| Ji- T^pf ! j anywhere. \\ j£* // . »l» sS= " = 0-« r an off
:| ;.ir'l| ; j.|i' I'l i ''''''^Jjcl The quality &!—*&■ = _ '—■ price and
=j_~___V___&Ai y^ the highest same way,
grade, the 100 different styles of Dining-room Tables to be seen in our im- while the
prices low — mense showrooms, varying in size from 6 to 18 feet — all of them lot lasts
prices for full-size beds upward from highly polished and most of them Golden Oak finish — prices rang- each
$2.65 ing from $3.. to , $50.00 75c
ft#_tr*A«4#4*44###***4*#***-A****A*A4*#-|*4*****«4-A-A*
hrnidered and made en traine. She
wore a tulle veil and carried a bouquet
of Bermuda lilies. The maid of honn»
was richly gowned in pink silk and the
bridesmaids in dresses of white and
*-.'!••' silk. * At the conclusion of the
ceremony the couple were surrounded
by a host of friends and showered with
congratulations. The guests then de
parted in carriages to the residence of
the bride's parents, where a. wedding
breakfast was served. The pair were
the recipients of many costly presents.
Miss Edna Rodden's popularity is
best estimated from the fact that with
out any effort on the part of her friends
she was unanimously selected from
among a large number of beautiful
girls to he the queen of the rose festi
val proposed last summer, a project
ultimately abandoned for various rea
sons.
Mr. Martin is nne of Nevada's pros
perous young merchants! The two met
at Deer Park Inn, Lake Tahne, last
summer, while their parents were en
joying the summer season at that re
sort. It was a case of love at first sight
and their betrothal was formally an
nounced a few weeks ago.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin will spend their
honeymoon in the Hawaiian Islands,
and will make their future abode ln
Reno. __ .
COMPANY F MUSTERED IN.
WOODLAND, April 22.— Company F
was mustered into the National Guard
of California last evening. Major Curson
was unanimously elected captain of the
organization, R. P. Wallace was chosen
for first lieutenant and William Rawson
for second lieutenant. Following are the
names of those who passed and were
mustered in:
Albert Roberts, Edward Elder. Elmer
Van Tassell, Sam Wolgamott, William
Fitzgerald, Wilhelm Peterson, Will Er
vin, Ed Bush, John Cook, Emery. Syden
stricker, Oscar H. Whit,ehouse, John G.
Hurst, Hiram Hennagin, Arthur Reed,
Louis Nardlni. Charles L. Foster, Wil
liam Rawson, C. D. Lane, R. P. Wallace,
H. T. Barnes, G. L. Reese, R. N. Parrent,
Thomas Tarr, William Daniel, H. L.
Daniel, C. O. Dickson. J. W. Dougals.
William I_c|>ork. B. A. Martin. T. J. Hol-
Hngsworth, W. J. Briscoe, J. J. Marston,
Andrew D. Babb, J. W. Hevel, G. V.
Rhodes. W. F. Malcolm, G. E. Congrave,
Henry T. Martin, J. A. Stamp, William
T. Stelnbacher, W. D. Martin, Robert
Tuttle. Lowell Squires, Elmer Berg, John
O'Keefe Jr., Charlie Barnes. Elmer Os
borne. Clyde Osborne. C. O. Steele, Hayes
Gable, Eugene Spangle, Jackson Dennis,
G. C. Peart, F. B. Edson, G. W. Aldrich.
Ray Wright. Charles Turner and Charles
Brooks. -..;', y. . y-v.y-y yy-.'v-vy. wi-
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, -.."--.-.Mission.
Mattings.
500 rolls of Japanese Linen Warp Mat-
tin/, arrived per steamer Coptic, for our
account, and here are two specials from
them:
Linen Warp in assortment of colors,
'■ worth 30c per yard, goes this week at —
:.' 20c
100 rolls of Linen Warp White Mat-
ting, with an inserted design, roll of 40
I yards, special th's week at $6.50
-size 12x9 feet — all wool — made to take
ALL POINTS TO BE
FAIRLY ADJUSTED
Excitement Over Samoa
Dying Out.
Coryrlghted, IKf». by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, April 22.— The excitement
over the Samoan question has almost
died out, and the general expectation Is
that all the points at variance will now
be amicably and fairly adjusted by the
special commission.* Some of the lead
ing papers, in their desire for fairness,
even print communications from mem
bers of the British mission at Samoa,
controverting some of the statements
of Dr. Raffel, the German president of
the Municipal Council at Apia, regard
ing the relations of Tanu and Chief
Justice Chambers with the mission
aries. yy) yy
The Vossische Zeitung, referring to
the utterances of Dr. Lohr in present
ing the Samoan interpellation in the
Reichstag, said: "It clearly seems
there is a jinjo element in German pol
itics." 7 777
The . Alldeutsche Verband made a
weak demonstration by passing a reso
! lution to the effect that its members
| expected the Minister of Foreign Af
j fairs, Baron yon Bulow, to stick to his
[ declarations and see that "neither Ger
i many's treaty rights nor the national
I honor is in any way sacrificed at Sa
| moa."
The demonstration of the German-
Americans at- Chicago against the
American-British treaty or alliance is
discussed in the press, even the semi
official organs devoting considerable
space to the matter. In one of several
editorials the Post says: "The direc
tion of the American policy will not be
influenced thereby, even if a small mi
nority makes the conflict of their hearts
the subject of a political discussion. If
the Americans consider their interests
require an alliance with Great Britain,
they .would surely not be hindered
therein if the citizens of German ex
traction should put before \ their eyes
-y * • - -\- i "-t*-* , .: *
Thousands of Yards of Black and Colored .
Dress Goods for Summer.
Stock complete — assortments unbroken as yet now is the
time to make selections from California's premiere Dress Fabric
Stock. Compare, our qualities and prices with the. best else-,
where, then use your judgment as to where you'll buy.
38-inch Cheviot Plaid, six different .patterns in tans and
greens— yard 500
46-inch Tailor Suiting, the very latest "and most stylish
striped effects, and pin-head checks, light browns, tans, greens
and grays — yard 75c
46-inch Novelty Suiting, crepon effect, rich colorings^- j
browns, blues, greens and black and green 3, and black and lav-
ender — yard $1.00
46-inch Camel's Hair Plaid, the novelty material for ladies'
skirts, new designs and latest colorings — yard $1.50
42-inch Two-toned Cord, a most stylish dress fabric, in grays,
royal blue and tan — per yard $1.50
Black Dress Goods.
46-inch Black Mohair Crepon, in six new and very hand-
some patterns — per yard ' $1.00 •
46-inch Black English Mohair Crepons, in the latest high-
luster effects, a splendid quality, unusual for the price — per
yard $1.50
42-inch Black Silk and Wool Souffle, a rich fabric, very
lustrous, will make up beautifully for street costumes — per
yard $2.00
48-inch Black Silk and Wooi Crepon, the richest novelty
of the season, in four beautiful patterns — par yard $3.75
Largest and {Most Interesting 'Display of
Newest Silks.
For variety of assortment and reasonableness of price our
collection of Summer Silks is unrivaled. We promise you
greater value for your money than ever before, and will fulfill
our promise to the letter.
24-inch Foulards in a complete line of choice colorings, new
and exclusive designs, superior quality for the price — per
yard... $1.00
21- inch Stripe Taffeta (white warp , new coloring of helio-
trope, blues, purple, green, etc., made especially for summer
shirt waists a charming fabric, worth more than we ask — -ncr
yard $1.25
21-inch Novelty Stripe Taffeta, in the newest summer color-
I ings, new shades of blue, purple, heliotrope and tan, very neat
, and dressy for shirtwaists — per yard $1.35
20-inch Embroidered Stripe Taffeta, an excellent wearing
I cloth, in shades of bluet, pervenche, green and purple — you'll
, say it's a bargain at the price— per yard $1.10
Linoleums.
Per ex-ship Guy Goss we received this
week 250 pieces of Linoleum. We save
freight by getting the Linoleum by ship,
which makes a saving for our customers;
j hence the low prices asked. Linoleums 2
\ and 4 yards wide, good quality, umvari
| from 30c to 60c
Linoleum, 4 yards wide, heavy and
I durable 75c
the place of Jute Smyrna Rugs now on the
, $12.00
the dangers of war with Germany and
therefore appeal to their adopted coun
try not to put them in a situation where
they would he ohlißed to fight their
fatherland. The result, so far as the
German - Americans are concerned,
would only be an intensification of the
bitter feeling belonging at the same
time to two countries, while the Amer
ican politician cynically looking down
upon this measure of patriotism, heart
and intellect reflects on "whether it
pays to catch the Dutch vote."
Another editorial in the Post says it
is hoped the movement of the German-
Americans may show the. Americans
that the two countries ought to be and
might be friends, referring to magazine
articles of Senator Davis and others to
the same purpose. 7- "v
LAMP EXPLOSION
CAUSES A DEAT
Miss Nettie Bose Fatally Burned at
Mammoth lining Camp in
Arizona.
TUCSON. Ariz.. April 22.— Miss Nettie
Bose was burned to death last night at
Mammoth Mining Camp, sixty miles from
Tucson. Charles Webber rode in this
morning, bringing the sad story of the
young woman's fate. He was requested
by the dying girl to take a message to the
mother superior of the convent here,
which Miss Bose was attending.
Miss Hose was preparing to attend a
party last evening. While standing before
her dresser the lamp exploded and the
burning oil was thrown upon her cloth
ing. Before her mother could reach the
room the young , woman was horribly
burned and she lay upon the floor suffer
ing agonizing pains. She told her mother
that she saw the. flame of the lamp sud
denly drawn downward and the explosion
followed Immediately.
Miss Bose was 16 years of age. Her
mother conducts the boarding house at
Mammoth Camp.
Forc.ng Out the Indians.
AUSTIN. Texas. April 22.— Dr. K. P.
Hervol of Monclova. Mexico,. is here. He
says there is serious trouble brewing be
tween the Kickapoo Indians and Mexican
settlers, who are trying to force the In
dians off of their reservations In order
that they may take possession of the
lands. The Kickapoo reservation Is in the
State of Coahuila, near Monclova. A del
egation of Klckapoos has gone to the City
of Mexico to make a personal complaint to
President Diaz in behalf of the tribe.
For Two New Liners.
BERLIN,. April 22.— 1t is rumored in
commercial circles here that the Ham
burg-American line has awarded a Phila
delphia firm a contract for the construc
tion of two of its liners. A-y
4
Styles Change Even in 4
Baby Carriages. *
Every year sees some improve- ea=xt==x> 2,
ment added that makes nurses' or y ff £*
mothers' work easier and baby // If 4
>. more comfortable. The models I????.'! 1 **
, for 1899 are no exception to this 'ill HI I ' 4
rule. The big store shows the ■ Q^^^llllMs^ 2!
greatest assortment in town. viTJßfl_fi IKllll i
Hood tops from $6 to $35 J<llv\)K^ lIF \r^T\ 4
PflC n. /U TnlVM*?**^ Tnlr ra v V V \
Parasol tops from $3.75 'to h^fenV^/l **
$35 each. '.'. , oTWSf \Wls:' J *
For babies who have outgrown Amu Ky frAAvV\I *
their baby carriage, but are still C*%Zr^7 u7\7 / 1 IV *
too young to walk far, Go- ===s==::^^Cr , *^-L I^' «
OartS are the thing. The one v 2*- 4
in the picture is light and easy to '
propel. The body is of varnished wool reeds ; has paten t «£,
steel hub wheels and brake— price only $2.50 4
40 different styles Go-Carts from ..S3. SO to $20 4
All Go-Carts above $3.50 each have rubber tire wheels. *
Send for Illustrated Catalogue of Baby Vehicles. J
*
4
Three Genuine Bargains. 4
For the Housekeeper. %
Sheets— 'Nice quality ; well made ; for double beds ; size
81x90 inches ; at exactly the cost of Sheeting — each 45c 4
Sheets— Hemstitched ; nicely ma ie ; good quality Sheet- 4
ing : sze 81x93 inches —each 55c 4
Pillow Gases — Excellent material ; fancy raised *
thread finish on end sizs 45x36 inches each lOc J
4
*
Pocket Books, __,,. , i /;? A %
rfryW* //ll I i ' /_iH ~
_c-s_n_ Li XMm *
Ladies' Combination Card Cases and !n :^V^M.7T~f\ I* l «
Pocket Books, like picture, genuine | | rQ^,^*^^,J^---^|\|j 5,
alligator, leather . lined, pretty and 7[yyy^^JyjJ£
serviceable only 65c ~ ~" 4
«
4
Window Shades — Prepared Paints and +
Wall Papers. f
The new Spring ideas in Wall Paper have arrived from the ♦
factories — hundreds of charming new designs and color effects. 4
. Besides having an unequaled assortment to choose from, you J
can save money by buying here
Special— Heavy Gilt Paper, 22 inches wide, suitable for
parlors, dining-rooms and halls — immense variety of designs *$
and colorings regularly 50c per roll, to-morrow and during «#■
the week per single roll 25c/ 4
Fine Heavy Gilt Satin-finish Wall Paper, suitable for parlor, ♦
dining-room and halls — a variety of designs to select from — J
regularly 20c per roll — to-morrow and during the week per J
roll WO J
Dainty Bedroom Papers, in all the new and stylish colorings—
per roll .'. 7c to lOc *
We have a complete line of prepared House Paints, Floor 4
Paints, Decorative and Bath Enamels, in all shades — the best **_.
and most lasting kinds only. *
CLet us quote you prices on Window Shades. *
****_§'
This Week's Great Specials in J
Groceries and Liquors J
We guarantee every article that we sell — yon take no risk 4
when buying food supplies here, for your money is refunded if J
you are not satisfied.
The best Eastern Sugar-Cured Bacon regularly 15c lb—
all this week special at 12c <-
Good Quality Santa Clara Prunes regularly 6c lb— B lbs for 4
." 25c ♦
Highland Sugar Corn, the best quality Western Corn. 2 *♦
cans for 15c *
Sand Soap -regularly 4c — this week 8 bars for 25c **
Imported Macaroni, Vermicelli and Spaghetti — there is none 4
better— this week 1-lb packages He 5.
D. & G. Imported Sardines — very fine ' 4 regularly 13;
tin — this week • lOc 4
Home-made Jams and Jellies, glasses — regularly 10c — .his mf
week 3 for 25c *
Home-made Jams and Jellies, glass jars regularly 15c — this 4
week 2 for 25c J
Bulldog Imported Stout — regularly $2 dozen— special this *
week $1.75
Champion Bourbon full quarts — regularly $I— special this
week 80c 4
Five full-quart bottles Port or Sherry for $1.00 4
444*****4***44 44*****4*4444**4**«l*^
DISSECTING THE
MURDOCK NOTE
Expert Eisenschimel Yet
on the Stand.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, April 22.— Expert Eisen
schimel continued his testimony in the
Murdock note case this morning. He
took up the capital letter "M" in "Mur
dock," and with the aid of two rulers,
and by drawing a quadrant on the
blackboard, showed that the three long
strokes of the "M," if extended up
ward, would meet at a given point
above, while in the genuine signature
such would not be the case, the strokes
of the "M" being always parallel.
As the witness proceeds from one
branch of his work to another, he
hands to the jurors cards of enlarged
I photographs which have been prepared
Over Cafe Zinkand — Elevator.
for their information and convenience,
so as to enable them to follow him.
Eisenschimel next took up what he
called "sections" in the writing of the
name "Murdock, " showing that Wil
liam Murdock made from three to fiva
sections, while the writer of the signa
ture to the note made it in six sections.
Attorney Freeman at one time inti
mated that witness was intentionally
passing one of the photographic cards,
for the reason that the measurement
was not in accordance with the point
the expert was endeavoring to make.
The witness resented the insinuation.
General Barnes came to the rescue by
asking the court to put a stop to any
discussion between the counsel and
witness. His Honor stamped out the
little blaze with very small effort and
all was well again.
The defense has two more experts to
examine and then, it claims, It will
prove that William Murdock was at his
home all of the day on which the note
was alleged to have been signed at
Mrs. Murdock's house, twenty miles
distant. ;
Excursion on the San Joaquin.
RIO VISTA. April 22.— The steamer Cor
coran was put into commission again to
day An excursion party left Stockton for
Sacramento at 9 o'clock fdr the trial trip
and to give the excursionists an opportun
ity to view the cutoffs on the San Joaquin
River and the jettys at Newtons Shoals.
Four hours' delay -was caused by the rud
ders getting locked at Sagasas Landing.
56
SUNDAY APRIL 23, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Wrong Mr Wright," To-morrow Night.
California— "A Hot old Time."
Grand Opera House — "Erminle."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "A Bad Lot."
Tivoli— "The Little Trooper."
Chutes Zoo and Pre- Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Orand Opera House— Rosenthal. Tuesday afternoon, April 25.
Recreation I'ark— Baseball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Saver. Thursday Evening. April -•_.
Alhambra Theater— lntercollegiate Concert, Saturday Night,
April ?i.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
El Camp.— -The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday. ___________^_______»
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton. Eldrldge & Co.— Tuesday, April 23, at 12
o'clock. Real Estate, at t?.\ Market street.
THE GOS RATES QUESTION.
THE point raised by Mayor Phelan in connection
with the recent order fixing gas rates at $l io
per thousand feet, passed by the Board of Su
pervisors, is worthy ot more attention, it seems to us,
than lias yet been accorded to it. In any event some
body ought to undertake the work of carrying a case
to the Supreme Court in which it will be considered
ana decided, for the interests involved are sufficiently
important to justify the effort.
The Mayor claims that when the Board of.Super
visors adopted the order fixing gas' rates at $1 io its
action was final: that, in other words; under the
statute of IS7S, wherein the board finds its power,
there is no authority to rescind a rate once adopted
until one year has expired. Upon the point whether
or not the rate is reasonable the Mayor says the Su
pervisors are not compelled to allow the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company interest upon the
par value of its capital stock, but only upon the actual
value of its plant. As to whether the board is bound
to make an investigation and give the gas company
a hearing prior to fixing rates, Mr. Phelan does not
express an opinion.
The facts of the situation seem to contradict the
position taken by the gas company in this matter.
President Crockett says that the corporation cannot
afford to reduce its rates to $1 10 per thousand feet,
Yet it is a notorious fact that the Equitable Gas
Company is furnishing illumination at $1 per thou
sand. If the monopoly concern is insisting upon a
rate which will enable it to pay dividends upon a vast
amount of watered stock, of course its contentions
should not be considered. The gas consumers of
San Francisco are not to blame because the managers
of this corporation have for stock-jobbing purposes
overcapitalized their business. In the face of the
competition which is now confronting them they
should squeeze the water out of their stock and pre
pare to transact a legitimate business. No other con
clusion is logical in the premises.
We do not believe there is anything in Attorney
Bishop's contention that the act of 1878 is unconsti
tutional. It is true that that statute, which confers
upon the Board of Supervisors the power to regulate
the rates at which gas shall be supplied to consumers,
was "passed prior to the adoption of the present con
stitution. But there is nothing in the organic law
which forbids its enactment, and under the provision
that all laws not in conflict shall remain in force, it is
valid under the new constitution. Section 33 of ar
ticle IV, in fact, expressly authorizes the Legislature
to enact just such laws. The points at issue, however,
are very important and they should be settled
promptly.
INDUSTRIAL STOCKS.
WHILE the speakers at each and all of the Jef
ferson banquets found in the midst' of their
dissensions on all other subjects a point of
agreement in the denunciation of trusts, the promo
tion of such combinations for the control of the
great industries of the country goes briskly on, and
the so-called "industrial stocks" find no lack of in
vestors.
As has been pointed out by The Call, the investment
in such stocks has been largely of a speculative nature,
and the stronger financial journals of the East have
repeatedly warned the public to be careful in exam
ining the nature of the various companies that have
put shares upon the market. It is conceded, how
ever, that a considerable number of the new combina
tions arc sound, and that fact keeps the whole market
buoyant despite the danger of the situation.
It now appears, moreover, from a report in the
New York Tribune, that much of the opposition to
the boom in industrial stocks is due to persons who
have railroad shares for sale, and who therefore are
de. irons of turning the attention of investors from the
industrials to railroads. In the light of that revela
tion a new interest is given to the problem. It* is
possible the warnings against the industrial compa
nies may have been inspired by something other than
a pure desire to protect the public from error.
It is reported that ex-Governor Roswell P. Flower
was recently told by Picrpont Morgan that he must
strp supporting industrial stock, but it does not ap
pear from the report, as it comes to us, whether the
teliing was in the nature of advice or command. In
either case it was not heeded, for Mr. Flower has since
been quoted as giving a good "deal of encouragement
to the industrial movement. In a recent interview he
is reported to have said:
"I firmly believe that any concern organized for the
purpose of manufacturing any product of prime ne
cessity, that is undertaken with the view of cheapening
the cost to the consumer, must, in the nature of
things, be a success, provided, of course, that it is in
telligently and honestly administered." He went' on
to say, in effect, that these great enterprises are but
the modern tools of commerce that bear the same
relation to the smaller concerns that steam power
beats to the old processes of hand labor. ■■_
Ex-Governor Flower is one of the most eminent
Democratic leaders in New York, In times past he
has been a prominent candidate for nomination
for the Presidency, and he still represents a strong
element in his party. It is therefore interesting to
note that he gives his commendation to the great in
dustrial trust movement at the very time when his
party seems bent upon making a fight against that
movement the chief issue of the campaign next year.
Clearly Mr. Flower will have to banquet by himself.
He is not fit to dine with either wing of the Jef
fersonians.
THE PfINHfINDLE EXTENSION.-
EVERYBODY has appreciated any improvement
that beautifies Golden Gate avenue as an ap
proach to the park. With all their tendency to
! differ about matters of public interest, the people of
i San Francisco have been cordially joined* in their
pride and pleasure in Golden Gate Park. The short
est road to the general good will of the masses has for
a long time been found in the donations of private
citizens for the adornment of the^park.
It is proposed now to acquire the property neces
sary to bring the .park boundary down to Van Ness
avenue by a.-panhandle extension that will make an
ample, parked and beautified entrance to the main
body of that great popular pleasure-ground.
As this will bring the park itself nearer to the peo
ple for whose use it is established and will in every
way dignify it and enhance the attractions of the city,
it is to be hoped that the proposition will meet with
popular favor.
Golden Gate Park is itself a monument to California
enterprise and initiative. Mayor McCoppin, who had
a prevision of the necessities of the city in the direc
tion of park and pleasure-ground facilities, was the
real promoter of the original reservation on the sand
hills which has now become one of the noted parks of
the world. But before it was developed very few
people believed that a park could be made on this
peninsula. When a professional opinion in the matter
was sought, Olmsted, whose reputation as the ar
chitect of Central Park in New York has since made
him a standard authority, gave as his judgment that
landscape treatment of the location of Golden Gate
Park was impossible. Recognizing the desirability of
an exit from the city to the ocean beach, he advised
that Van Ness avenue be excavated and curved to the
beach, so as to furnish a sunken driveway to the
ocean, and he believed that with such improvement
the city must be content, because the sands of the park
site were impossible of treatment to make them sustain
the * lawns and flora necessary. But the difficulties
then believed to be insurmountable have been over
come, and we have a park that all the year round is
the most attractive of any in the world, and the drive
from any of the entrances on the city side to the
ocean beach is through bosky foliage, velvet lawns,
flowers and shrubbery that would have charmed
Calypso.
The extension of all this as far as Van Ness avenue
will immeasurably enhance all the charms 6f the park
by enlarging their footing and will increase the en
joyment of them all by making them more accessible.
Older cities have paid heavily for delay in securing
land for parks and pleasure-grounds. Within a few
years New York, already in possession of Central
Park, Washington square and numerous * smaller
tracts, spent nearly twenty millions in securing park
land on the Bronx, north of Harlem River, and ex
tending nearly to King's bridge.
Every citizen sees now that it would have been
economy if long ago an ample tract as far downtown
as old St. John's Park or Gramcrcy square had been
reserved for park purposes, so that" there would have
been ample facilities for recreation and beautified
breathing spaces at intervals from Castle Garden to
Central Park. But the opportunity was passed by and
the Canal-street region on the west side and "tlie
swamp" were all overrun as business property, and
the city was driven into Westchester County as the
only possible place for further park extension.
It is not yet too late for San Francisco to econo
mize her opportunity to bring Golden Gate Park
down toward the center of population by this pan
handle extension. With this land acquired and
parked in harmony with the general plan, and Buena
Vista Park, already reserved, treated as its fine alti
tude and sightly slopes will permit, San Francisco
will have a park system that will forever outrival any
in the world and that will be a beauty and a joy
forever to all the generations of her people.
The Supervisors are inclined to take the initiative
in the matter, and in the collateral necessity for a
modern sewer system, and we are sure that the people
will sustain them in these enterprises whenever they
are called upon to pass judgment upon the propo
sition.
UNSUCCESSFUL GRf-IND LARCENY.
THE attempt of the rag-tag and bobtail of the
Democratic party to pose as the representatives
of the deep-seated opposition throughout the
1 United States to monopolistic exactions and
| corruptions' is actually farcical. At the cheap
! dinner in New York, which was paraded .as
j a contrast to the feast of the white-tied
i Democrats, O. 11. P. Belmont said: "We have
■ reached a point when -Democracy must rule or the
heirs of the greatest republic that we know of must
| bow their necks to the most powerful plutocracy the
world has ever known." This republic is the heir
of all the ages, but it is not yet dead, and, therefore,
Jias no heirs of its own. Taking Mr. Belmont's
words, however, as they were obviously meant, it
may be said that by striking out "Democracy" and
inserting "Americanism," this quotation will be con
verted into an expression of popular sentiment that
| deserves respect. Political manipulation in the
j United States is confined to no one party, but for
I many years has affected all parties. Historically the
; Democrats have been worse than the Republicans.
Whenever they were needed they have been used by
the different oligarchies of which "greed", is the
watchword. In this State the railroad lias never
failed to secure Democratic advocacy, and, as has
: been often stated, the domineering effort, with the
treacherous aid of the Examiner, to force Daniel
M. Burns into a Federal Senatorship was merely a
! preparatory step to the proposed transfer of Califor-
I nia to the Democracy in 1900.
The mass of Republicans throughout the Union
t greatly outweigh the Bryan Democracy in their an
tagonism to the extreme pretensions of monopoly
I because they are rooted in the American conception
i of self-government and equally object to imperialistic
I tendencies on the one hand and fo the socialism and
proletarianism of the Chicago platform on the other.
j They represent the sound constitutional Americanism,
through which and through which alone the integrity
I of the law can be maintained and the equality of its
administration secured.
The last and most dangerous expression of mon
opoly is imperialism, and essentially every expan
sionist is an imperialist. There are Democratic an
| nexationists by the thousand. There are Republican
I opponents of that revolutionary policy by the ten
! thousand. The most effective exposures and de
nunciations of the treasonable scheme to impress a
j British character upon this Government have come
from the Republican 'party.
Republicans can afford to laugh at the dinner cam
paign, in which it appears to be the peculiar office
of William J. Bryan to enact the role of a boss po
litical bully. Having beaten the Examiner-Journal
or Journal-Examiner into silence on its "national
policy," he and his newspaper ally are now engaged
in the congenial work of kicking the gold Democrats
out of the Democratic organization. Free silver at
16 to I, which every one else has supposed to be dead,
THE SAN FKA_N CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
is still the daughter upon which the defeated candi
date for the Presidency . harps. He also persists in
forcing the Chicago platform into the disgusted
American stomach, which spewed it up in the na
tional campaign of '1896 and in the State elections of
1898. This embalmed socialism and anarchy of the
tin-can Democracy was the alimony of Mr. Bryan's
party when it. was divorced from the genuine Democ
racy of the country, and in the campaign of 1900 may
reverse Shakespeare's order by furnishing a cold and
rotten feast for its funeral.
Mr. Bryan and the Examiner-Journal need have no
fear of 'the commission of bigamy by the sound
money Democrats. Their divorce is absolutely valid
and they retain all the valuable property of the Jef
fersonian Democracy. They will either remain in a
state of single blessedness or contract a new alliance
with the sound Republicans of the 'nation that will
be free from every meretricious element. American
ism is bound to be on top, and it will sit down pretty
hard on dangerous monopolists and imperialists and
on the demagogism of Mr. Bryan and his sup
porters.
THE MAN WITH fl SOUL.
THE tremendous compression of broad generali
zations in Edwin Markham's poem, "The Man
With a Hoe," stamps it as one of the most re
markable productions of modern times. The picture
by Millet, which gave Mr. Markham his inspiration,
is a grand conception, splendidly executed.
The picture and the poem represent a type of man
kind, bent and muscularly rigid, with a face brutal
ized by incessant labor and hardship, and fixed in a
stolid expression of hopeless imbecility in which the
faint stirring of rebellion against the oppression and
the fraud of ages can be detected. This terrible shape,
in which the light of intellect has been extinguished,
is presented as a portent and a menace to "the judges
of the world," and to the "masters, lords and rulers in
all lands."
As a work of art the picture resuscitates a dead past
and should, as it will, endure. The poem, however,
is a dangerous anachronism. It has no application
to the age in which we live. It is wholly pagan in its
scope. It is built upon a godless and a fatalistic as
sumption. It ignores the grand harmonies of human
development from. the age of Abraham to the birth of
Christ. It disregards the greater triumphs, the un
intermittent chorus of progressive mankind from the
dawn of the Christian era to the closing years of the
nineteenth century. It assumes isolated exceptions
to be the rule and reproduces failure wrapped in the
cerements of the grave as if its shrunken distortions
reproved the beauty, assailed the strength and shad
owed the exuberant hopefulness of modern civiliza
tion.
In the age of Cyrus or of, Xerxes imbruted pes
simism could have been typified by "The Man with
a Hoe." The hordes of Egypt and of India, the
Helots of Sparta, the black savages of Africa, might
have been .embraced within its range. But since the
blended forces of Hebrew theism and Christian fra
ternity began their prolonged struggle with the ever
diminishing barbarism of the world that type has
dwindled until now it is virtually extinct. The Saxon
sullenly wore but soon broke his collar and threw his
ponderous weight into the human march. The Nor
man struck the fetters from the limbs of Freedom and
entrenched it in a perpetual charter. The Celt allowed
no intermission in his upward struggle. The whole
Caucasian race has ascended the slopes of advance
ment and toils on toward its higher peaks. There
lias been no "silence of the centuries," and the
"dumb Terror" of antiquity has ceased its mute and
unheeded appeals.
When our Declaration of Independence was
promulgated and the sovereignty of man became the
endowment of a nation, the last physical or intellec
tual obstruction to human progress was removed.
The imperfections, the inaptitudes, the degrading
passions and appetites, the hard selfishness, of man
kind were still to be conquered, but opportunity, full,
complete, universal, came, and where opportunity is
open the "emptiness of ages" is a solecism and the
burden of the world has fallen like the load that Chris
tian bore to the celestial gates.
It is a marvel that "The Man With a Hoe" should
have been written at all — it is a greater marvel that it
should have been written in the United States it is
the greatest marvel of all that it should have been
written in California. This man belongs to a past
long interred. He exists nowhere on the globe, not
even among the peasantry of Russia, . the slavish
toilers of China or the fierce tribes of the Philippines.
Least of all is there any vestige of his existence in
America. Bad as conditions arc, low as the relative
depths of misery and poverty still remain, though
greed and false ambition yet infest even the citadels
of brotherhood, the uplifting of the race by the up
ward pressure of civilization has been .universal.
Food, shelter, comfort, education, mental stimula
tion, are even now unequally distributed. Extremes
of poverty and of wealth are visible even in our own
favored land. But the standards of life arc every
where raised far above the level of Mr. Markham's
conception, and. physically and intellectually, man
kind are comparatively as enlightened as they are
free.
"The man with a hoe" has long been dead. The
central question of this generation is moral and per
tains to the soul. While the human body has been
nourished and the human mind expanded, is morality
distanced, torpid or perishing? This is the text for
the great poet, the mighty interpreter of mystery, as
he views the signs and the portents that attend the
expiring throes of this century.
Charity sweetens the bitterest draughts of life. The
tender influences of love surround or touch every
phase of physical suffering and reach the craving of
the agitated mind. Optimistic gleams pierce the
deepest shadows that fall upon the pathway of the
unfortunate and the unsuccessful. But, in the midst
of unapproachable physical and mental advancement,
in the ordinary and not the exceptional or eccen
trical business of the world, where is the evidence of
corresponding moral improvement? Is the standard
even of the past maintained? These are interroga
tories that appeal not merely to individuals, but to
communities and to nations. They are suggested by
the occurrences and the revelations of each tumul
tuous day. They arise spontaneously from common
observation and experience. They include the multi
farious transactions of trade, commerce, finance and
government. They are illustrated through all lati
tudes and longitudes from the equator to the poles,
from Greenwich or Washington to the Philippines.
It is the man with the soul, the perfected citizen,
the nation governed by honor and by principle, that
the latent sublimities- are to arouse and to inspire
when priest or poet utters the intelligible word of
solicitation or of command. 'Sy.
At a trial at San Rafael Dr. E. P. Dunn, insanity
expert, declared that Dr. C. F. Buckley is a faker.
This is one of the sad results of expert testimony, on
the witness-stand.
California has been celebrated for years for its
green gages in the can. ' There is just one more.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton is not alto
gether adorable, for she has recently
denied the authenticity of an interview,
and whosoever does that is fit for trea
sons, stratagems and spoils; but none
the less she is to be commended for the
frankness with which she has publicly
condemned the tone, the style, the man
ner, the matter and the method of the
criticism that prevails in California.
Even if her condemnation be madness
there is reason in it. As she herself is
reported to have said, British critics
have treated her work seriously and to
some extent sympathetically, and
therefore have been helpful to her;
while Californian critics, giving the
subject no earnest thought at all, have
either praised her books carelessly out
of conventional courtesy to a woman,
or have gibed and jeered at/them for
the purpose of showing wit. It must
be added that generally the criticisms
have been of the latter sort; for as the
opinion has prevailed among us that
wit is the chief qualification of a critic,
and mockery the finest element in wit,
nearly every man who has essayed
criticism has practiced to acquire a
style having in it as much of the
mocker as strong drink or a cocktail,
and most have been so successful that
satire and criticism have become well
nigh synonymous with us. Indeed, a
style that stings or bites or burns is
seemingly so much admired that even
politicians have taken it up as a popu
lar.thing. Our present misgovernor, for
example, announced in the flrst speech
of his campaign before the people that
he intended to speak "caustic verbi
age," and he has kept it up until sus
picion bas arisen that his tongue is
forked and has its root in a gall bag.
%'■<].* y-y.t "•; ;. •,"..';
That we have exaggerated the value
of satirical wit in the domain of criti
cism, given it a rank altogether out of
proportion to its worth, and carried it
too far in every direction is indisputa
ble. We have flouted nearly every
thing that has been done in the State
from the undertaking of a transconti
nental railroad to the writing of a
poem. Society, art, letters, politics and
oratory have all been sneered at with
an impartial injustice. Indeed, so far
have we carried our skill in that kind
of thing that at one time. our chief
critic was pictured in popular imagina
tion as an incarnate ferocity, wearing
a red shirt, carrying pistols in his
pocket, a dripping scalp in either hand,
a hatchet in his mouth, with his brow
bound by a bloody rag — a Jack the Rip
per of literature with a mania for man
gling female poets. We have talked
1 and written as if there were nothing
good in California but prunes and cli
mate; and, in short, made such noises,
that Eastern people, listening from the
distance, long since concluded there is
nothing on this side the Rockies but
jaybirds. .
* * *
What we need in California is an in
fusion of Boston culture--— that kind of
culture which men and women attain
when they have been taught from
youth upward to admire everything
done in their State, in their town and
in their set. Such culture is productive
of that satisfaction with the environ
ment and its people, which furnishes
about the surest basis for good man
ners and good morals the world affords.
Bostonianism is of course not exactly
perfection. A mutual admiration so*
ciety has always its ridiculous side;
but under any aspect, it is pleasanter
both to sight and to hearing than a dog
fight with forty terriers in the pit.
When the Massachusetts Legislature
meets, Boston treats it with as much
respect as if it were truly an assembly
of the virtuous and the wise; but when
the Legislature of California meets, w_
lampoon it, exaggerate every ridiculous
or offensive feature, exalt its fools and
ignore its abler men until by the car
ricaturing process it is made to appear
more like an outbreak of corruption in
the blood of the commonwealth than a
part of its healthful life. When grand
opera is given in Boston and Mrs. Jack
Gardner and the Beacon street and
Commonwealth avenue set go down in
rich array to listen, the social critics'
of the city neither gibe nor jeer, but
await the outcome with the calmness
of men who are assured that the opera
is to be put to its supreme test; that
Boston society is to revise the reviews
of Europe and rejudge its judgments
and pronounce final verdict upon the
performance.' But when grand opera
comes to San Francisco chatter- j
ing of the wits is as satirical as if our I
dames and .gentlemen of fortune had
never seen an opera gown nor heard
music before. When a man or woman
of Boston makes public a book or a
story, the work is discussed as if It
were a matter of historic and almost
religious importance, serious efforts are
made to discover the aims of the au
thor, to note the relations of the philos
ophy of the story to the problems ol :
life, and everything is done to impress
the world with the belief that some
thing new and great has been accom
plished. It is different here. The re
sult is that, by reason of her style of
criticising herself, Boston enjoys the
reputation of a city of the highest cul
ture and refinement, while our city is»
spoken of as a "jay town" — and then
we wonder why.
• • *
Could the Boston method of self-ex
alting criticism be introduced here, it
would not be difficult to win for San
Francisco the reputation of the most
cultured city in America, We have at
present in California more talent and '
of a higher order than Massachusetts.
Ina Coolbrlth, Joaquin Miller and Ed
win Markham have written better po
etry than any other Americans now
living. Mrs. Atherton and Mr. Vachell
have written novels with more red
blooded, live humanity in them than
can be found in anything the East has
produced in a long time. Mr. Morrow
and Mr. Bierce are as far superior' to
the popular short story writers of the
other side of the Mississippi as the pro
found problems of life and mind with
which they deal are superior to the dia
lects of darky, Yankee and slumgul
lion which the Eastern populars are
forever trying to reproduce by distor
tions of spelling. Charlotte Perkins
Stetson has written the best satirical
verse of the time in our language—*
slight in quantity to be sure, not above
a dozen pieces or so— but of a quality
"which as gentle as bright, never car
ried a heart stain away on Its blade."
•»/■**
Nor is it in literature only that we
excel. We have musical composers and
skilled, interpreters of music, artists
who have learned how to reproduce
upon canvas the splendor of the lights
and the purple deeps of. the shadows
that make up the marvelous richness
of our atmosphere. Boston boasts of
her architecture, but she has no mu
nicipal building with a facade so pic
turesque as that City Hall which we
have shut out from sight of our mall.
thoroughfares, and to which we close
our eyes as if it were a den of thieves.
We have, Ifurth< re, a commendable
group of millionaires, for they have
been munificent in giving as well as
magnificent in taking. Why pursue the
theme? We are in advance of Boston
in everything except the gentle art of
writing in such ;. way as to make the
world think we are criticising ourselves
when we are really sounding our trum
| pets to all the winds that blow and ex
alting our horn to the highest heaven.
* * *
Were it not for the seriousness of the
subject the announcement by Wash
-1 ington officials that General Law tun's
j expedition from Manila was intended
| not to suppress the insurgents and es
tablish order in the country, but mere
;ly to distribute broadcast the procla
mation of the Philippine Commission,
would be everywhere regarded as the
best contribution yet made to the hu
j mor of the day. No comic writer, could
i imagine anything funnier. The pro
found respect we have for our Govern
ment enables us to receive the state
ment with something of the gravity
with which it was uttered, and yet we
cannot but feel that our honored Presi
dent is moving toward the ridiculous.
His "benevolent assimilation" speech
at Boston was itself a hard trial to the
.gravity of a people who have a keener
j sense of humor than . any other or,
earth, and if our august chief execu
tive doesn't look out he will be known
as . a great American humorist before
long, and people will be hunting for
jokes in his messages to Congress.
• * *
. ■Whatever may be the fate which
awaits us under the new charter, *we
can find consolation in the assurance it
(cannot give us anything worse in the
| way of a Police Commission than we
have been suffering under for some
! time. "When our municipal government
was exposed to contact with the mag
netic Markham by reason of his official
position as Governor of the State, it
had the misfortune to catch Mose
Gunst from him, and the thing seems
something like the seven years' itch, for
it stays' with us and keeps us scratch
ing in continual irritation. To make a
police or any other kind of commis
sioner out of such a Gunst was to in
flict upon us the worst ever imposed
upon an American commonwealth.
. Burns in the .Senate would have been
bad, but the national capital is distant
and Congress adjourns occasionally, so
we should have had respites; but Gunst
is local. To get rid of him it was neces
• sary either to burn the town or adopt
a new charter, and we have chosen
what seems to be the least expensive
of the two remedies. When we begin
a new era under the new charter the
happiest shout of. -the time will be:
"Mose Gunst has went!"
_ * •
Eastern femininity has been as con
spicuous during the past- week as the
Easter bonnet, but not altogether so
lovely. Mrs. Lease has announced a
determination "to make money cheaper
than men in this country," and Mrs. Sen
ator Frye has tried to make that emi
nent man. Dr. Jordan of Stanford, feel
cheaper than any money known to our
currency. Concerning the Lease prop
osition, little can be said at this time,
as we cannot estimate the degree of
cheapness she proposes to introduce
into our monetary system until we
know exactly what valuation she puts
upon men. Mrs. Frye, however, is
clearly open to discussion. In accusing
Dr. Jordan of talking of things of
which he was ignorant, she wrote of
things of which she herself was igno
rant; and in putting her tongue into
politics has put her foot in it also. The
doctor's reply was neat, and while
Mrs. Frye is entitled to the last word
she would do better to take a second
thought than to take advantage of the
privilege.
• * •
The proposal to bond the city for the
purpose of providing funds for the ex
tension of the "panhandle" to Van Ness
avenue is doubly commendable, inas
much as the plan if carried out will
not only open a spacious and beautiful
way to the park, but will establish a
precedent which will open a way for
the improvement of the whole city. We
condemn our city officials from one
generation of them to another, because
San Francisco is neither so well paved,
so well sewered nor so well kept In its
public places in any respect as are the
large. cities of the East. Bad as they
may be, however, the officials of the
city are not wholly to blame for its
Silurian condition. They may be plain
hogs, but they are not the swine into
whose bodies went to the devils whose
name was legion. I have no doubt they
would gladly improve the city if they
j had the money and the lack of money
is no fault of theirs, for they put taxes
las high as the traffic, will bear. The
obstacle in the way of progress is that
we have followed. the methods of the
dark ages and done patchwork im-
I provements as we- could pay for them
out of annual revenues, instead of doing
'what is done in every enlightened city
in the world, and borrowed sums suf
ficient to make improvements on a
comprehensive scale. Permanent bet
terments of any kind will be enjoyed
by future generations, and the pay
ment for them, therefore, may be justly
extended over a considerable period.
By taxation we take money from busi
ness where it is earning anywhere from
10 to 20 per cent, while by borrowing
we could get it for less than 4 per cent.
Finally, by the pay as you go process,
we have to wait years for improve
| ments that are needed now, while by
bonding the city we might have them
at once. Nearly all municipal work
when well done. is economy in the true
] sense of the word, and by promptly im
proving the city we would accomplish
such a saving in ■■wear, and tear as
would amount to more than the cost
long before the bonds fall due. The
"panhandle" proposition is clearly a
handle to pan-San Franciscan prog
ress. ______________________
Another Recital.-
' Saver will give an additional San Fran
cisco recital at the Odd Fellows' Hall on
Thursday night at 8:18 o'clock.
— ; . — ■ ♦ ■ —
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ »
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau. (Allen's). *slo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
IAN MACLAREN AS
AN EXPANSIONIST
We sat at one of the little tables in
the Palace courtyard, and lan Mac
laren's usual fluency of conversation
was marred by just a trifle of languor.
This was only to be. expected, for he
had been wrestling nearly a couple of
hours with the pathetic story of Dr.
William McClure's life, reading his own
creation with such an intensity of ex
pression that none in the audience
were ashamed to weep.
"California audiences? Yes, I have
invariably found them cultured and ap
preciative. l have traveled through
the whole southern portion of the
State, and everywhere I have met with
the same subdued yet graceful recep
tion." . . •  • ■ .
With a generosity worthy of a broad
minded minister of the Gospel, to
whom creed is little more than an
empty-sounding word, lan Maclaren
thus heaps coals of fire on California's
unfortunate head. For, to put it mild
ly, the people of the Golden State have
not shown the proper amount of en
thusiasm over this gifted exponent of
the kailyard school. Every one who
reads at all has laughed and wept over
his pathetic or humorous pictures of
Scottish peasant life. Kate Carnegie
and Dr. McClure, Jemmy Soutar and
"Postle" are living characters wher
ever the English tongue is heard. Yet
somehow the fame of his books did not
induce people to attend lan Maelaren's
lectures in sufficiently remunerative
numbers. One glance at the scowl
which adorns Major Pond's bushy eye
brows is sufficient to prove this fact.
"What are you about here in Cali
fornia, anyway?" asks the Major. "It
will be a long time before you catch me
on this coast again:" As Major Pond's
ample shoulders bear the financial bur
den of the transaction, his annoyance
is quite excusable. *7 -
But lan Maclaren has nothing but
good words for us, for our climate, our
scenery, our capacity for infinite devel
opment. "Your cities are beautiful," he
said. "Look at San Francisco, with its
unsurpassed situation. Your Mayor
has kindly shown me all over the town,
and, in passing, let me pay a slight
tribute to Mr. Phelan. i I consider him
to be the ablest Mayor I have met in
America. In all my travels through
this country I have never come across
a man who showed such an unselfish
spirit of civic patriotism and devotion
to the municipal idea. It surprises me
that a person of suoh wealth and so
cial position should give himself up so
completely to the thankless task of
serving his fellow- citizens.
"Your city, under good government,
has unlimited opportunities for expan
sion. And what a magnificent vista for
trade is "opening up before you in the
East! San Francisco should become
the emporium for the whole commerce
of the Pacific."
"But do you believe that the policy
of territorial aggrandizement, inaug
urated by the late war, is a wise one
for the United States to adopt?"
"That is a question which the peo
ple of the commonwealth must settle
for themselves. But as a Briton I am,
of course, an imperialist, and believe
that the true policy of a great nation
is to extend its foreign trade by every
legitimate means. And there is no bet
ter method than the establishment of
wealthy and prosperous colonies."
"But do you think we are justified in
holding the Philippines permanently?"
"Oh, that is a mere debating society
question. The thing Is a fait accompli,
and whatever happens the United
States cannot retire. She has made
herself responsible to the nations of
the ! world for the establishment of a
stable government in these isles; she
must maintain law and order at any
cost. 'Your country. has taken tip what
Kipling has so happily styled the
white man's burden, and she can
never lay it down. In my opinion not
only the Philippines, but also Cuba and
Porto Rico, should be governed as are
our crown colonies. It is a great mis
take to grant independence to the Cu
bans, to set so-called generals like
Gomez in posts of power. It is simply
aiding them to misrule the people,
to repeat in the future all the corrup
tion and cruelty which have character
ized Spanish administration in the
past.
"Why should a great free nation like
the United States do this thing. She
has everything to lose and nothing to
.gain by following such a course. A
free Cuba will prove a constant trouble
and annoyance, a potential source of
war. Revolution will follow revolution,
for the Cubans are not strong enough
for self-government, and each time the
United States will be expected to step
in restore order.
"The cost will be enormous, and the
commercial development of the island
will be seriously checked. The same
remarks apply to Porto Rico and the
Philippines. The United States must,
in her own Interests, adopt a firm co
lonial policy, based on the principles
which govern England's administration
of her crown colonies. And see what
you will gain by following this course.
It is not merely a question of trade,
though that is important enough. It
is the vital part which the government
of colonies plays in the development of
a nation's higher faculties.
"The establishment of a highly or
ganized, highly, paid and thoroughly
competent colonial civil service would
provide an invaluable outlet for your
college, graduates, men of culture and
breeding; who at present have no'
sphere for the proper exercise of their
talents. All the home professions art
overcrowded, but the prospect of hon
orable- service in the nation's cause
would attract the best and brightest in
the land. Of course, I assume that
such a service would be entirely inde
pendent of political Influence, and that,
by means of a severe competitive ex
amination, only the attest, both physi
cally and mentally, would be selected
for the work. And to Insure honest ad
ministration, the men must be well
paid. This is what England has been
doing in India, and. in fact, all over
the world, for the past century. She
has sent the pick of her youth to serve
their country as colonial administra
tors, and the result, as you know, has
been unqualified success.
"Think what an addition this civil
i service would be to the resources* of the
nation. Think of the effect it would
ultimately have on the home adminis
tration. AS soon as the people of this
country recognized that it was possi
ble to secure honest and capable ad
ministrators for the colonies, they
would be satisfied with nothing worse
for their own use. American politics
would be purified, the office-seeker and
the boss would be eliminated from na
tional life, and the ideal free Govern
ment aimed at by the founders of the
republic would be realized."
"It sounds pretty. Dr. Watson." I
said, "but how about the accomplish
ment
Unfortunately. Dr. Watson was no
longer the preacher, the shrewd, much
t raveled man of the 4 world. The ap
pearance of Major Pond had suddenly
converted him into lan Maclaren. the
popular lecturer and writer of kailyard
stories. An impatient audience awaited
him across the bay. and there was no
time to go into details. "All you have
to do." he said. -as he waved a fare
well, "is to work out your policy of
colonial expansion on the lines I have
suggested, and the nation will never,
regret the experiment." .■*
J. F. RQSE-SOLEY.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
i, Sante Fe Route.
* Three times a week; 3._! days to Chicago. 44
days to New York. Handsomest train and moat
complete service. Full particulars at 628 Mar
ket _ treet.ADVERTISEMENTS. "
nQnnn_asa__.Q3-30_a_3BBHHH__i_3HBBEEaaaB_s__-i-i-B__ii--
IT PAYS TO TRADE in the MISSION at the BIG 24CRE STORE.
PATTOSIEN'S.
117| Pt TIT f\ __.*J!^^. To furnish one or more rooms she
When a Clever Woman Decides shows he. go od s 9nse by co -. m g
direct to our store. She avoids
those stores that sell Carpets with potatoes, or dry goods and patent medicines with furniture.
She knows that she is literally throwing her money away when she leaves it with concerns whose
only excuse for selling furniture is that they had a lot of vacant floor space to fill. She
Buys at OUP StOPe — She consults our experts and selects those articles that have just
a little "thought" behind them — that give the finish to a room that is so admired by people of
culture and refinement — and at the same time saves money.
Parlor Furniture Bargains l& Strictly Reliable Goods.
Parlor or Sitting-Room Rocker, with ___F^_Sl___> \\'i CO _Tk_T_ For *'" Box Couch, covered
rattern tapestry Beat and back; a very ar- ___r ___KB> .1 fc CO*"" in sha.ie preferred; has pat-
tlFtlc piece of furniture; usu- C*7 ***"__*_ '*_fc£si_^i*i_**±i-. J~V-. ent 11£t spring, full size.
ally enld for {11*; our price.. «J*» * »UU \^3«Jr-^MI34--ij4^« 1 __.-__. ___ -r- ..-^.•u nv<
XSJSmM _ri.liTFP :r: S : fffflT tJ I Cl Ct 7C For $25 Couch : all hair
Very handsome B-ptece Parlor Suit, in- ___HJ^^ffl ■.'.. ill I f-*--- ■ .■ .. ll ■! mmmtfrnm* C'lO«'iO filled; full spring edge;
laid panel, solid mahogany framework; _ < .__-3^__?<W___M 1 ' Jl__L4_^*>?_~ ' ft I /■} «tl T«__T covered in shade preferred.
something new ln style; will be Cii *^ %*?uirp HwfifiHOllffiH!^l"' .r*l^ " tl l fra^T *
sold separate If desired; suit price tp\9tf \vm\ ih'Hf_i_____?Wr_ra^M_l"T. Iffllf fl COQ fifi For $40 Leather Couch; all
The Pattoslen Sofa, made more luxurl- \W-|i pj_____r^«* ' ' "* BaM:Fhrt^l s_?_s| O^OetJ'U hair filled; our own make;
ous and more comfortable than the old V llWlniff^r~V*T Jl 'IP.'TMUJH- 1 ' ~T__Sflf. guaranteed.
Davenport style; Oriental cover- C*> ."T I' '^V,*.'a__M___SKr^" ■ . *_■» 1 : *.'7_iS_S?^_P -», _-* _______ -r^ .. t>„- c_._. rvi-.!-,,. _^^r_
ln_r_.- special r,ri,-.> O «5 O hvr&Mii^XiW&^^^SZ^^V^^^^^ CO 7^ For ** Box Seat Dining-room
ings, . t .cuu pnc. v |I.^^B____l7 . A^TTJLMiA *9*»<" Chair; has genuine leather
3-piece Inlaid Parlor Suit: up- C '"> !' [ .^SVHUmBuk^I ; ' vu f mm~ ff n feat; quantity limited.
h<-i«tered spring seat; sale price C.—.C- 1 ."* " _ T«*_^HH|^_l_nflt '_(__^*^SE_>*^ _____„_-. „ «-..., mi.,
_^-V^_-W_SWa«___H y*l i ll «T i'NilT J» CO _f__n For .12 Dining-room Table;
Fancy Desk or Hal] i'l, airs: ;-..•: = !.• i I IJ^ 6 \ 5L\5 -~- IJJ B t_>tF_"" made of solid oak; has five
P£_> "7 !Z B R l •^3_g^EL-__J__H^ tl^*i-.l T_T~^_L /^M handsome rope-turned legs.
mahogany finish; price O-^ • * *-* t-^___iL___f ______S___f^^_i>___rf_!sS« „ _ v _ „ _, .
price from >^__||fflKlKSSyiilM!£D_i_Sl__lH___-_5T^ '<C 1 _4. A A Table; • 5,, "Dining-room
~«1d Rrw-kers, ra- * >Wl' ■jajrry__^^^^^^yfc«i| **»i- «P I T-«\_» VF Table: has 45-inch round
■ .thing but tbe most reliable yjy _-_ _-. ' i..... «,„>_. r-hir,o r-i««_.c
and artlßtlc Parlof Fumltui in the city. #-; ; ; _. isIQOO v. For 16 60 China Closet:
••JB?.. I ** gSS-g -O'n'n-S Tables and fl-^V^U^S' b ™' "'"*
c 4^|SE S!Hphn__pHc Eight selected Sideboards— but one of each
price tj)»0 OIUWUUdI U*9« __ at a special low price for Monday.
ACROSS THE PACIFIC TO PATTOSIEN'S
ppß«w •* Just Received Through the Custom-House,
y I DIRECT IMPORTATION of MATTINGS.
''jLjBJTV jJJ_aL 60 Patterns to Select From. Bright and Attractive.
_r^____^l__%^^^ PRIPFS ! ! Fancy Japanese Cotton "Warp Mattings Fancy Okamama Japanese Mat-
TtSfia^fr^w^JS? 5 / i iiivj-iu . i„ M„ ,;„,,*. _.„ , _„„„„) i-.. tinu's, in cotton warp, * seamless,
MBS wriYBS-Ev We h3ve MaU inblueorli&htredflgured I.m* exquisite effects for spring „„A
TrBS. _.J_^ V__l_Mp We have Mat- exquisite effects for spring
Wr,^^,' listings as low as' Japanese Chikego Seamless Mattings, summer use -Oc
IW I-Sb in_^ a yard but fine designs, cotton -warp, rare novel- Extra heavy Japanese Mattings, the
BE •*S FT ,V7^ , / ' ! „ .>-.„ very fine kinds, made exclusively
Stflft-SS^g-- they don t amount ties -' >t for us ttOe
to much. 40-yard rolls Japanese Mattings... J?^ Fine Katora Japanese Mattings, in
•v t» _,n_, „f /in v_e blue, white, reds, greens, etc.;
PPICeS Dy ROUS Or 4U XUS. 40 _ yard rolls Japanese Mattings... ?lo very choice 45c
4f)-vard rolls Japanese Mattings.. S??> __^__. , 7 , -._ ... __.-«.»
40-yard rolls Japanese Mattings..sGi 40-yard rolls Japanese Mattings. ..sls 40-yard rolls Japanese Mattings.? 12
Carpets and Rugs—More Telling Prices.
SPECIAL SPRING SELLING — Carpets, Axminster and Smyrna Rugs. The choicest, most exclusive and largest
assortment in cheap, medium and highest grades to be found under any one roof in the world. Special offerings
intensely interesting to the economical home furnisher :
Special Carpet Values. ~HjlT] Special " § ValueS '
40c to 65c yard for Ingrains. I V? 1 I , 'I! r, ° for $2 50 DantSU Jap ' Ru?s
40c to 75c yard for Tapestries. sQyi[\ i^S. ! $*$?W^y. **** *"*° for * 5 • Dantsu Jap. Rugs,
fe^. to $1 25 yard for Body Brussels. AlllfM \_J^ **? 9 for * 12 * Dantsu Jap ' Ru S s > 9xJ2 -
I - .  .. -/•"u\\V f_J____.l |7m "*-- I *XS 812 for $16 genuine Axminster
OOc to $1 10 yard for Moquettes. Sql '\\£srZJt?l if \ V \- Rugs.
JHI to $1 50 yard for Axminsters. K^/*^_l_Sllwi y$ *_ T\ **^ 15 for $22 genuine Axminster
\<^*^^«^_t*=?. i\ % Russ ' 10x11 *
90c to $1 10 yard for Velvets. l [\\ ' ' <?1 ! > r f " r $15 Bromley SlViyrnas * 7:6 x
<1 25 to .2 TsT^d for -Wiltons. \C^^SS§W^^^\rh\, '° ' 0T "' RrOlTlloy Smyrnas ' 9xl2 *
I?x - ° ' I ll* !|fc -^S^^W^^^^^afA* \ • sSI J>o for Bromley Rugs, 30 inches
15c to 35c yard for Oilcloth. Vf I -'7^^^^^^'^ *7,'J7 7~ ' '-r. , -r. _-_,»,
* t " \ /_^^^\hjMß^^ <^^^^|g^^^vj^iiry' ii, is. 5 ( I for Bromley Rugs, 36 inches
.■.."-.C to SOc yard for Linoleum. N^>-""^ 1 * by 6 feet.
Corner S th --. ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S. f—aj ladd1 add
MURDEROUS CARPENTER
ARRAIGNED IN COURT
ALEXANDER JARDINE. HIS VIC
TIM, IN CRITICAL CONDITION.
Donovan Had Been Threatening to
Kill Other People for Imagin
ary Wrongs.
Patrick A. Donovan, the carpr-Mor who
attempted with an ax to murder the old
man, Alexander JarJine, in the vestibule
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants. Manufac-
turers. Brokers, Importers. Wholesale Traders. Jobbers.
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY OR THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
LP •J.FfiF'*. return of Peltln-jrnnd JAC *f"()V|-v Shipping Butchers. io_t m
I. I. L ! EUL>, Lnco Leather. 105-107 MIS- * AD ' """'J. Clay. Tel. Main 1234. & UJ, .
•ion St., cor. Spear. Telephono Main 562. ~ ■ — .
_ 1 HARDWARE.
BOILER MAKERS. | P^^^^^i&V^i *$.£<&
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, iron founders. :
U\ - BRADT. I'roprletor. j Western foundry. Morton & Hedlev. Pro->*.
Fpeclal Attention Paid to Repair* and Shi? j 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every He.
w ork scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503*
Office and Works -113-115 MISSION ST.  __, jirnpiijiyij m. mman
li>[:t:c!» Main 6046. ' )ITfl 1 1 f.\H T£ h___ t _B__!_l itSitf ____! 'lf_^rT?'F__^tMa
BOOKS AN!) STATIONERY. lftfiMl|lMlfc3Mß
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,, Bl ™™^^
£4-.* to 350 Oearv Street. Above Powell. '<Wft RFTTPP Olv FARTH" Imperial M«t-
Apt RfIYM SSiMs vyiLiAJffE^Si^li
UHIL II U 111 L. 6c. ear Ove*coats and PR I. NT IN J.
" seBCheckedfree * ! E c- HUGHES, m, gggghg
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON. STATIONER AND PRINTER
J. C. WILSON & CO., ™y^ PARTRIDGE gg|
faOO BATTERY STREET. lilt Hirvc limn m Printers, b-~*. -
Telephone Main 1564. IllC lllW-ft J** JUl/U "Wll-. hinder*. ?3 First »..
COPPERSMITH. ~ WAREHOUSEMEN. "
JOSEPH FOX. BO*. H. BLTTH. Her. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO:.
] . . v: Agents and Public Weigher*, v.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat tra ] storage. Free and Grain Warehouses, <;-».
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 tral office. JlO California st. Tel. Mala IJW.
Washington St. Telephone. Main &641. WATCHES ETC
ncvTfCTC T I ItnV ..-:>juarters for line Jewelry ml
DENTISTS. J. LIINDI. -It. Wedding Rings. * M st
IID C W nrrk TO- SO Market, rms. 6 to 10. — — _
lIR L TT- UCvIVCII Colton gas for painless • »»/•_, it » t__ m ct*p:i\i rr. ii
extraction of teeth a specialty. WHIT <- ASH STEAM COAL,
: — Mined by the
DRUGGISTS 'WHOLESALE*. black nuMONK coal MININO CO. " it*
KUUU3 ■nnyjs.^j s.^ GREEN RIVER COLLI KUIEa.
DPniWnThrJ P. PO seCondand Steven- l. in» Beit Coal in the Maiket.
nLUinUIUri tt UJi son Sts. Tel. Main 4 i Otftc* U« X«(<U-4W Mais tiu*«u
of St. Rose's Church Friday night, ap
peared in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
morning. He was instructed and ar
raigned by the Judge and was quite ra
tional in his answers to questions. The
case was continued until April 28 to await
the result of the old man's wounds.
The old man was partly conscious yes
terday, but had no realization of what
had happened him. His mind seemed
blank on that point. Owing to his age the
chances of his recovery are doubtful. He
was removed to the City and County Hos
pital yesterday afternoon.
It appears that Donovan borrowed the
ax from Thomas Reavey, 13*£ Freelon
street, three or four days ago, Reavey
THE SA^T FRANCTSCO CALL, SUN DAT, APRIL 23, 1899.
i thinking that he wanted it in his car
penter work. Donovan had ground the
edge down, making it almost as sharp as
a- razor. If the blows bad been struck
with the sharp edge of the ,-.x the old
I man's skull would have been split open.
Joseph J. Jardlne, the old man's son,
thinks that Donovan is more vicious than
I crazy. He had no reason in the world to
attack his father. Donovan was a heavy
drinker of claret, but as there had been
special mission services in the church for
the past two weeks he had suddenly
stopped drinking, and that might have
made him crazy.
Recently Donovan threatened to shoot
George Lame, a tenor in the choir, as he
imagined that Dame wanted to get him
out of the choir. Lame complained to a
policeman and Donovan was searched,
but no weapon was found upon him. He
also threatened to shoot a bartender in
'• a saloon at Fourth and Brannan streets,
who is now in Fresno.
Three or four years ago Donovan was
arrested by Policeman Mullin for carry
ing a concealed weapon. He had a double
barreled' derringer in his ' pocket. _ynce
then he has always threatened to get
even with Muljin. He has - a brother,
Maurice Donovan, a carpenter, in Berke
ley.
Unless he acts more like a crazy man
than he does at present there is little
chance, of him being sent before the In
sanity Commissioners.
Metropolitan Temple.
The moving pictures of Pope Leo XIII,
the coronation of Queen Wllhelmina of
Holland, the return of heroes of the late
war and many other popular subjects are
attracting large audiences.
A Notable Visitor.
George A. Ballard, Postmaster of # Fall
River, .is spending. a few weeks in' tnis
city. He came here for the purpose of
attending the marriage of his niece. Miss
Violet Wheeler Soule, daughter of K. B,
Soule of this city, to George T. Daly. Mr.
Ballard has the unprecedented record as
a public officeholder, having acted as City
Clerk of Fall River for thirty-six years,
During the past ten years he has acted as
Postmaster and is. now fulfilling the duties
of that important office. He is an enthu
siastic yachtsman and is known through
out the Bast as a sailor of the neatest
crafts afloat.* He rs a prominent member
of the Masonic order.
"Pegamoid" fold, latest, best, perfect paint;
| sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
Tot Be Tried by a Jury.
"Little Egypt," Lillie' Fatina, Mariana
Nanso, Michael Truvers, John Jess and
Aychee Berteny, performers In a Market
street theater, charged with giving an
Indecent performance, had their cases
called In Acting, Police Judge Barry's
court yesterday. A trial by jury was de
manded, and May 6 was set. The ball for
each defendant was raised to $50.
Catarrh Can Be Cured.
Catarrh is ■ kindred ailment of consumption,
long considered Incurable; and yet there is one
remedy that will positively cure catarrh* in any
of Its stages. For many years this remedy was
used by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noted
authority on all diseases of the throat and
lungs. Having tested Its wonderful " curative
powers in thousan- of cases, and desiring to
relieve human suffering, I will send free of
charge to all sufferers from catarrh, asthma.
consumption and nervous diseases this recipe,
ln German, French or* English, with full direc
tions for preparing and using. Sent by mall by
addressing, with stamp, naming this paper, W.
A. Koyes, 920 Powers block. Rochester, N. T.
REVOLTING DEED OF
CRAZY MRS. BUTTNER
MRS. CHRISTINE BUTTNER,
rendered desperate by real or
fancied wrongs, committed sui
cide yesterday in a most re
volting manner, cutting her throat
from ear to ear with a large carving
knife.
The unfortunate woman was a
widow, 4S years old, and was living
with her stepdaughter at 2041 Taylor
street. The stepdaughter, who is
very hard of hearing, was engaged
about her household duties in the
dining room shortly before 1 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, when her atten
tion was attracted by the concussion
and jar of a heavy body falling.
Suspecting something terrible, be
cause her stepmother had been de
spondent and had exhibited symp
toms of insanity for the past two
years, she hastened to her mother's
bedroom and saw the body of Mrs.
Buttner lying on the floor in a pool
of blood, with the carving-knife
grasped in her right hand. The sui
cide had partly disrobed, and stood
between the foot of the bed and the
bureau, facing the mirror. After
committing the fearful deed she fell
to the floor and expired immediately
from the profuse hemorrhage.
On the bureau was found a letter
written in German by the deceased
and addressed to Undertaker Maas.
The following is a translation fur
nished to the Coroner:
"Mr. Maas: Please take care of
my body: Mr. Fahrig will take care
Of my children. Everything is at
tended to. lam innocent. I have
worked hard so long, and this is my
fate. Rev. Mr. Fuendeling will hold
TEN INNINGS
AND DISASTER
FOR OAKLAND
Santa Cruz Wins a
Hot Contest.
BEST GAME OF THE SEASON
REMARKABLE FIELDING BY
BOTH TEAMS.
Donlin Proves to Ec a Master of
the Art of Pitching—Rus
sell Makes a Great
Showing.
. In a game that required an extra round
to give a decision and kept the usual Sat
urday crowd of cranks in a fever of ex
citement from the time the first ball was
pitched until a sensational double play put
an end to further hostilities, the Colts
succumbed to the Lobsters by a score of
3 to 2.
There will be more extra-inning games
played at Recreation Park this season,
for the teams are evenly matched and
playing the best ball ever witnessed in
California; but it is "a cinch" that a pret
tier contest will never be handed out to a
local crowd than that of yesterday.
All the teams in the league have now
been seen here, and it must- be admitted
that Santa Cruz has made" the most fa
vorable impression. The men are all big,
strapping fellows, who handle themselves
in an ideal manner, are heavy sluggers,
and above all have at least one pitcher
who is the peer of any twirler in the
league. Donlin is the next candidate for
Eastern honors, and there is no company
in the National League that is too fast
for him. He draws the cork with his left
hand, has amazing curves, great speed
and absolute control of the bail. His only
fauLt is his great deliberation in cutting
loose. It is exasperating to see him stand
in the box apparently buried in thought
when he should be busy, for he wastes
fully fifteen minutes during a game in
communing with himself. But in- is young
yet, and will learn better, in the course
of time. Yesterday Donlin made the Oak
land wing shots look like bogus beer
checks. He struck out eleven men, gave
only two bases on balls and was only
touched up for five singles, no two of
which came in the same inning. One of
these, Schmeer's drive in the tenth, was
of the scratchiest kind, and it was a ques
tion whether to give Schmeer a hit or
Devereaux an error. It was a terrific
grounder, which . struck Devereaux's
hands and got away before he could close
on It. Such work as Donlin's will win
games anywhere, particularly when
backed up by such almost faultless sup
port as he received yesterday. The won
der is that Oakland scored at all.
Ewing is still having hard luck with his
team. Donovan continues to ride his
Charley horse, and Dunleavy has not yet
recovered from his sprained ankle. In
consequence Ewing, after releasing Bor
land on Monday, had to hire him over
again for this series, placing him in cen
ter field. Twice yesterday the young man
had a golden opportunity to bat in a run
and gain favor with his employer, but
he struck out instead, y
Billy Hammond returned to work, but
the funeral services. The watch in
the trunk beltings to my son, Char
lie; the earrings belong to my niece,
Ann Westhoff. Adieu, my dear
friends; I don't wish to live longer.
"I defy Mrs. Wolff and Kroeger. I
am prepared to die. I am not crazy;
I am tired of life. I have never
harmed any one, but the people are
against me. I never stole anything,
or did anything wrong in my life.
Mrs. Wolf] ann Kroeger are the
cause of my death. They have made
up a lie, and will swear for a bottle
of whisky.
"Dear children, forgive me, and
may God forgive me.
"Bury me with papa and Henry."
Charles Buttner. the . son of the
dead woman, is employed in a cigar ,
stand at the corner of California and
Kearny streets. He and his step
sister say that the deceased had been
demented for the past two years. She
imagined that people had been talk
ing about her and plotting to do her
harm, and she brooded over this idea
so long that she determined to slay
herself in order to escape.
The body was taken to Maas* un
dertaking establishment. The in
quest will be held to-morrow morn
ing.
was hardly equal to the exertion. His
hand, which he split two weeks ago. has
not healed, but is covered with court
plaster. It is exceedingly -painful yet,
and three halls got past him owing to his
inability to receive them properly. It
will be another week at least before Oak
land's hospital squad will be fit for ser
vice.
Fred Lange made the star play of the
day, a one-hand catch of a smoking
liner over third by Williams. in the sev
enth inning. Schmeer, however, won
nearly as great a round of applause in
the sixth, when he made a running pick
up of Burge's grounder, at deep short,
fielding the runner out at first after a
quick recovery.
In the. tenth Williams got a put out
and assist on a double play that set
tled Oakland's hopes of capturing the
game.. After Croll had struck out
Schmeer made his scratch hit. Lange
followed with a hot grounder to Wil
liams, who made a pretty scoop, ran to
second and pinched Schmeer and then
i threw Lang* out at first.
Of the eight hits Santa Cruz made off
Russell. who was not far behind Donlin
in effectiveness, in only one inning was
I there any bunching. In the sixth the
I first three men up ripped off singles and
it looked like all day for Oakland. But
Santa Cruz failed to tally in that inning,
which fact, when it is further stated that
a base on balls and a passed ball also
favored the Lobsters, shows the quality
of fielding Oakland was dishing out.
i Williams, for Santa Cruz, scored in the
first inning on a base on balls. Donlin's
sacrifice and. Pace's single. Oakland fol
lowed suit, when with one out Schmeer
was given a pass, stole second and scored
on Lange's single.
Santa Cruz took another in the fourth.
Pace getting his base on balls, advancing
to second on Clark's sacrifice and com
pleting the circui when Streib drove out
a single.
From that time on until the ninth there
was a lull in the run-getting, but not in
critical plays. Then, when the people were
getting ready to go home, the Colts tied
the score. Hardle was safe on Arellanes'
• excusable error, was sacrificed to second
by Lee Hammond and galloped home on
Moskiman's nice single.
Then the crowd sat down again to
watch further developments. They came
in the tenth, for with one out Streib
: singled, stole . second, reached third on
Schmeer's fumble of Arellanes' grounder
and tallied on Moskiman's error of
Schmeer's throw after the shortstop got
j the ball. Oakland could not tie the game
| up again and the score was as follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH: SB. PO. A. E.
I "Williams, 2 b 2 10 0 4 5 1
! Donlin, p 4 0 10 0 3 0
Devereaux, 3 b 4 0 10 2 2 1
; Pace, c 4 1 2 0 11 1 0
Clark, lb 4 0.1 0 10 0 0
Streib, 1. f 5 13 10 0 0
Arellanes, s. s 4001101
I Cameron, c. t 5 0 0 0 1. 0 1
: Burge, r. t 3 0 0 0 10 0
Totals .....35 3 8 2 SO 11 4
. OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB.PO. A. E.
I Troll. 1. f 0 0 0 0 0, 0 0
' Schmeer, s. s 3 112 2 3 *^3
Lange, 3 b 4010200
W. Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 7 10
'■ .Hardle. r.t.. ......... 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
L. Hammond, 2 b.... 3 0 0 0 0 5 1
Moskiman, lb 4 0 2 0 15 0 0
Borland, c. f 4 0 0 0' 3 0 0
Russell, p.. 4 0 0 0 0 7 0
Totals .....35 2 5 2 *29 16 4
I 'Clark out. hit by batted ball.
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Santa Cruz....*. 1 00100000 I—3
Base hits ...1 0110 3 100 I—3
; Oakland 1 00000001 o—2
I Base hits 1 00110101 o—s
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Russell. 1. Sacrifice
j hits— Donlin, Clark, Williams. L. Hammond.
; First base on errors— Santa Cruz, 4; Oakland,
;i. First base on called balls— Cruz, 5;
Oakland, 2. Left on bases— Santa Cruz, 11;
: Oakland, 6. 'Struck out— Donlin, 11; by Rus
| sell, 6. Hit by pi tcher— Devereaux.
• Double Williams to Clark. Passed balls —
Pace, 1; Hammond, 3. Time of game— 2:ls. Ur
n, pire—Levy. ■".. ; *■•-' '-'■'■
■Watsonville Defeated.
WATSONVJLLE, April 22.— The "hoo
; doo" Is still with Struve's aggregation
j of babies when they play on the home
; grounds. To-day the hard hitters from
the Garden City touched up "Kid" Wha
! len for fourteen hits. Besides being
ADVERTISEME-N TS.
<3>*<s-*<»*«'*«>*<S>*<?>*<?>*'€>*<s>-J.<_>*^>*<S>*^
STANDARD MIXED
READY tail Us AIT
FOR THE BRUSH. fi_or ii B«H 1
Lf^rfrnr^TJTTyTT^S * >eP Gallon.
■fflPg^^^^^^Qy MONEY BUCK IF YOU DON'T
I * _n_jßP^' f<, ' l w «t- ■ •/» i i ~ i i ti . a
'^^jagKmWj^ Color card and booklet, "How
P^-lS^SZ^g to Figure the Cost of Painting/
MANUFACTURERS:
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
710 to 716 Broadway, Oakland. 302 MARKET ST., S. F.
batted heavily Whalen was responsible j
for four of the runs made by San Jose. ■
It was certainly an off day with the Kid,
not only in his pitching but in his batting
and fielding as well. Chief Borchers was
in great shape and pitched an excellent
game. To-morrow the same teams play
again. Manager Struve swears that with
the ending of the game Watsonville's lo
cal hoodoo will be put to sleep for the
rest of the season. Below is the score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, c. t 4 0 2 Q 4 0 0
Kleiber. s. s 5 0 2 0 2 3 0
Anderson, 2 b 4 12 2 112
Dalrymple, 1. f 5 12 12 0 0
Harden, 1 b..... 4 2 1 0 11 1 0 I
Eagan, 3 b 2 10 0 110 i
Foley, r. f 3 110 1 0.0 1
Borchers, p 3 12 0 0 5 0 1
Kent, c 4 12 0 5 2 1
Totals 34 8 14 3 27 13 3
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks, 3 b 3 0 10 2 10
McCarty, s. s 3 0 0- .0 1 3 1
Courtney, c. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Selna, 1 b 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Plake. 2 b 3 2 10 2 10
Morrow, c 3 0 10 4 5 0
Hayes, 1. f 4 0 10 3 10
Brockoff, r. _ 4 0 10 0 0 0
Whelan, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 2
Totals 31 2 6 0 24 13 3
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 1030211 •— 8
Base hits 21033311 •— l4
Watsonville 0 00010100—2
Base hits 0 0001022 I—6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whelari 3, Borchers 1.
Two-base hits— Hayes and McGucken. Double
plays— Borchers to Hanlon to Eagan Morrow
to Franks, McCarty to Plake to Selna. Bases
on balls— Watsonville 1, San Jose 2. Hit *>y
i pitcher— Plake, Morrow, Borchers. Struck out—
ißy Borchers 5. by Whelan 2. Wild pitches—
Whelan 3. Left on bases— San Jose 7, Watson
ville 6. Sacrifice Eagan, Foley, McGuck-
I en, McCarty. Time of game— One hour and
forty-five minutes. Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer
j — Peckham. UtfhlSt
ss
Uncle Wins From Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, April 22.— The San
Franclscos defeated Sacramento in an
eleven-inning game to-day. , Both pitch
ers were touched up, Doyle for 12 and
Iberg for 10 hits. The fielding was loose
on both sides and up to the ninth in
ning it looked as' though the locals were
hopelessly beaten. In the ninth, how
ever, they managed to tie the score, and*
in the eleventh, with two men out, the
visitors made the winning run. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. PR. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 3b 5 2 10 2 3 2
Stulz, 2b 6 2 3 0 3 5 0
Stanley, c 3 0 10 4 10
Doyle, p 6 0 2 0 0 2 0
Shanahan. lb 5 0 1 0 14 0 2
Walker, 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Sheehan, s. s 4 110 4 3 1
Rice, r. f 5 110 10 0
Beckwith, c. f 5 10 0 3 0 0|
Totals .....43 7 10 0 **32 14 5
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne, c. t 6 0 1,0200
Reilly, 3b 5 2 0 0-181
Krug, s. s 6 0 2 0 2 4 4
Sullivan, lb 6 1 3 0 15 1 0 I
Hllderbrandt, r. f... 3 12 0 4 0 0
Muller.* 1. f.. 4 12 0 2 0 0!
Swindell, c 4 1113 2 0 |
Billings, 2b 5 10 0 4 3 0;
Iters, p 5110021
Totals ..." 44 8 12 1 33 20 6
•Two out when winning run was scored.
runs by Innings.
Sacramento 20000020300—7
Base hits '2 10 0 00223-0 o—lo
San Francisco.'... 0 511000000 1— &
Base hits 0521100100 2—12
SUMMARY".
Runs responsible for— Doyle 5. Iberg 4. Two
base hits— Doyle, Iberg, Stulz. Sacrifice hits-
Stanley, Hllderbrandt, Swindell. First base on
errors— Sacramento 5. San Francisco 3. First
base on called bulls— Doyle 3, Iberg 3. Left
on bases— Sacramento 10, San Francisco 9.
Struck out— By Doyle 2, by Iberg 3. Hit by
pitcher— Walker. Double play— Stulz to Sheehan
to Shanahan. Passed ball— Swindell. Time of
game— 2:ls. Umpire— Patsy Cahill. Scorer— G.
A. Griffin.
♦
To-Day's Game at Oakland.
Manager J. Cal Ewing will throw open |
his new baseball park to the Oakland [
cranks this morning, when his team of I
colts and selling platers will again face j
the crustaceans from Monterey Bay. j
Baseball fever is epidemic across the bay
now, and the patients are enraptured
with their' team, so the Sunday morning ,
games will bring out large crowds. More- !
over, the trip across the bay will prove
delightful to San Francisco fans, who can ;
take in the morning game, return with the j
players and witness the afternoon games I
at Recreation Park. The new grounds
are located at Golden Gate, the flrst sta
tion beyond the racetrack. Game will be
called at 10 o'clock sharp, and visitors
from this side will have to take the 9
o'clock boat. • Following is the line-up for j
the morning game:
Oakland. Positions. Santa Cruz.
W. Hammond Catcher -Pace
phea Pitcher Arellanes
Murphy.. First base Clark ;
1. Hammond Second base Williams
L, an ge Third base Devereaux
Schmeer Short stop J? ur ? c |
Croll Oft field Streib
Borland Center field Cameron j
Hardie Right field Donlin
In the afternoon at Recreation Park the .
same teams will meet, Moskiman doing
the pitching for Oakland and Balsz for
Santa Cruz. Arellanes going to short.
Game will be called at 2:15 sharp.
AN EASY VICTORY.
Polytechnic High School Defeats the
Mount Tamaipais Military
. Academy Team.
The Polytechnic High School of San
Francisco added another game to its al- !
ready long list of victories by defeating
the Mount Tamaipais/ Military Academy
at the Folsom street park yesterday after
noon by the one-sided :>core of 16 to 7. The
local boys completely outclassed their op
ponents, and from . the start there was
never any doubt that they would win.
The soldier boys were lighter as a whole
and showed themselves to be sadly lack
ing in team work. Hatch's delivery
proved easy of solution, and the Poly
technic batters took kindly to his curves.
The score might have been closer but for
the fact that Hatch was miserably sup
ported in the field, the infield especially
being guilty of ragged work. After se
curing a safe lead the Polytechnic players
let up a little and allowed their opponents
to have a few runs for consolation.
The two teams were as follows:.
Polytechnic— Jacobs, pitcher; E. Gage,
center field; McCarthy, third base; Gage,
catcher; Morgan, shortstop; Sanborn, first
base; Levy, second base; Clough, left
field; Collins, right field.
Mount Tamaipais— first base;
Barr, shortstop; Carbaley, left field: Cof
fin, center field; Curtis, catcher; Hatch,
pitcher; Hill, second base; Minor, right
field; Hanson, third base.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35.* Leavitt & Bill, 303 Larkin.*'
NATIONAL UNIONISTS.
The Council at Berkeley Gives an En
tertainment for Members of the
San Francisco Contingent.
Last Monday night there was a rousing
good time in the hall of Berkeley. Council
of the National Union, as there was pres
ent a large number of the membership
and many visitors from San Francisco
councils who had been invited to attend
the "semi-occasional" smoker given by
the Berkeleyites on that evening. The
jollification was under the direction of
Joe Mills, and it was a success -in every
particular. In the distribution of the
cigars and the collation he was ably as
sisted by George W. Pinner and W. 8.
Coleman. There was an address of wel
come by President Gentry of Berkeley
Council; song. "How Would You Like to
Be the Coal Man?" W. S. Coleman; reci
tation, "Is Your Plumbing Out of
Whack?" Frederick Snook; selections on
the gramophone while the cigars were
being passed around; pantomime. "The
Young Lady of the Twenty-ninth Cen
tury," Joseph Rosborough; selections,
Berkeley Quartet; German specialties, A.
Tully of the University of California:
"coon" songs, L. E. Andrews; short
stories 'to make a man forget his troubles,
George Drum, and an address on "Our
Grand Order— have the best, let -us
keep it so." by Senator James B. Field.
The entertainment v..« greatly enjoyed,
and all united in saying that the council
in Berkeley is up to oat".
Gaining Popularity.
Benjamin Woods' "Successful Man of
Business" is meeting with ready sale at
Doxey's, 631 Market street. A valuable
addition to library or business desk.
Donated, to the Bazaar.
The Celtic Union at its last meeting do
nated a number of articles, left over from
the Catholic fair, to the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society for the bazaar soon to be held
by that organization. Several other arti
cles undisposed I>. at the fair, and on
which chances had been sold, were raf
fled, the winning numbers being as fol
lows: No. 268, Majestic range, value $100;
No. 32, fur cape; No. 16, handsome pillow.
The following committee was appointed
by the union to assist the ladies in mak
ing the bazaar a success: Jeremiah
Deasy (chairman). John H. McGinney,
William Mulvin. John Mulhern and Cap
! tain T. J. Mellott.
- <_ -
H. Murphy. 630 Market street, lends money
on second mortgages and estates. •
The Presidio Riot.
Arthur Billings, Charles Leiska, P. Sim
mons and C. M. Cauder, the four soldiers
arrested on complaint of Adoiph Rehfeld,
saloon keeper near the Presidio, for dis
turbing the peace and malicious mischief
last Sunday night, appeared before Judge
Graham yesterday. At their request the
cases were continued until to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BE CURED ?
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happiness, success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
***■**« j*tf*sz%i£y&*, Q
o \ ©
t m \ to
uj p ■ .HI *• m r 3
___. 3 w.^&*=%&-
§ ■-. . - - A 2
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years' Experience),
Offices at 737 Market St.. San Francisco.
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment ln the future, as they have ln the past,
from the ablest and most successful specialist
of the age. Some doctors fail because of treat-
ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HEBE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Best Banks, Merchants and
Business Men in the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken Into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
reputation for
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY te n «*£>&
YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN".
The awful effects of neglected or Improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of th-s
body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment will cure you, no matter who
or what has failed.
WEAIf MEN Lost vi P° nn<i vitality re-
ll LMl\ lilLm stored to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or
shrunken through diseases, overwork, excesses
or Indiscretions are restored to full power,
strength and vigor by his successful system of
treatment.
DMPTIIRP Cured by his new method without
nUrlUnLuse of knife or detention from
work— a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCELE Hydrocele, swelling and ten-
YHniUUULLL derness of the glands treat-
ed with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON ?t?i
eases of the blood promptly and thoroughly
cured and every trace of the poison eradicated
from the system forever.
PRIVATE DISEASES, SSiritt !s ;
which, if neglected or improperly treated)
break down the sys.tem and cause kidney dis-
ease, etc.. permanently cured.
PI EPTRIPITY Static. Galvanic and Fa-
LLLUlnlUll I i radio Electricity scientifi-
cally used and -""lied In ail Its modern forms
in conjunction with special medical treatment
In nil cases where it can be of benefit.
\A/R|TE If you cannot call at his offlce, fully
"NHL describing your symptoms and you
will receive in plain envelope a scientific and
honest opinion of your case and a book of
valuable information free of charge.
Offlce hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
Bp. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address
F.L.BWEANY.H.D.,737 Market St., San rran:isc»,C»i
78
CAPTAIN COGHLAN PLIES
THE LASH ON GERMANS
IN SPEECH AND SONG
NEW YORK, April 22.— Captain
Joseph B. Coghlan •*•'''• the offi
cers of the United States cruiser
Raleigh were the guests of
honor at n reception at the
Army and Navy Club to-night.
Captain Coghlan. replying to an ad
dross of welcome, aid:
"We have received a warm welcome
here to-night, but we received a warm
er reception when we arrived at Ma
nila. In fact, the Spaniards were so
warm In their reception that they
wanted to keep us there for good. I
find that what I Lid last night at the
Union League Club has caused great
umbrage to be taken In Washington.
This has been caused by newspaper re
ports of what I said which were not
entirely correct. Some of the reports
were garbled. 1 will not say I was in
correctly reported, but the meaning
wa.s twisted a little. What I said was
true, however, and I will repeat it if
necessary. I said what I did about a
certain power because we felt it out
thero at "Manila.
"We were -ing nagged to death.
They were nagging us, damn them.
It might have brought war. We were
ready for it. We had enough of it. I
have' read a good deal in the newspa
pers out what occurred at Manila,
and not one of them has placed our
gallant Admiral George Dewey in a
proper light. We felt the nagging that
was going on constantly. That is the
reason I thought we should place the
Admiral in a proper light.
•'You nil understand that the whole
of us were a long way from home. All
shared grand old Admiral Dewey's
anxiety nd felt the responsibility that
he and we were under. We felt we
were being belittled In Manila and we
felt the nagging keenly. The Admiral
■was a man who could stand it. and
kept up a long time when all of us were
•irritated almost to impatience. You
can be irritated by a man until you
want to kill him. Well, when the mo
ment came he stopped them and they
never moved another hair. 1 did think
nnd always will think that we were
that close (snapping his fingers) to
■killing them. No man in the whole
country was more able or more ready
to uphold the honor of our people than
•grand old Admiral Dewey."
Captain Coghlan was here interrupt
ed by such vociferous applause that he
could not continue his speech for a few
moments.
"He is a James Dandy,'* he contin
ued. "I could go on all night and re
peat what I have said, but one does not
vant to get a reputation of a one
speech man. I will say that no matter
■what occasion or what difficulty con
fronted him. Admiral Dewey ways
rose superior to the occasion. Ho never
made a mistake ln his work there We
nt home may make mistakes in telling
about it. but ho made none at Manila.
110 told the Spaniards at Manila thai
if they fired a gun after May 1 he would
wipo them off the face of the earth, and
after that they never pulled a trigger."
When Captain Coghlan finished
speaking the cheering was so loud that
it might have boon heard in Broadway,
more than half a block away.
-MIGHT BRING ON WAR
WITH GERMANY"
XEW YORK, April ***2 At the Mon
t.nuk Club to-night Senator Depew said
In th< course of an address that Cap
tain Coghlan had attempted to tell in a
speech at the Union League Club some
things' about the trouble at Manila
which the listeners did not know.
"_"ailors. as we all know," said Mr.
©♦♦.♦•.*•.♦*•£♦•. ♦ cS ♦ 88 ♦•.♦•.♦•.♦%* '
NICARAGUANS ARE IN
FAVOR OF ANNEXATION
Practically Unanimous Sentiment in
Support of the Present Move
ment.
Correspondence of the Associated Tress.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. April* 12.— Mail
advices from Greytown, received on Sun
day last, report that the movement in Ni
caragua in favor of annexation to the
T'nited States has grown rapidly dur
lr.cr the past few weeks. In fact, 11 is de
sert bed as a national tendency.
Not only are the people of the repub
lic favorable to it. in so far as I he popula
tion takes any interest in or comprehends
politics, but the President. Ministers and
members of Congress fully appreciate the
advantages of annexation, and enthusias
tically advocate it. Needless to say. the
commercial and industrial community,
which is largely composed of foreigners,
Is with them.
The only difference of pinion is in re
spect to tho exact nature of the connec
tion. Some advocate the admission of
Nicaragua ir.to the Union as a State.
while others, recognizing that this is, for
the present: impracticable, think the dif
ficulty might be met by the admission
of the republic as a Territory, to be
raised to Statehood at the proper time.
A third party Js of the opinion that the
bent way would be to accept a colonial
Foil us for the present at least under
some such arrangement as that proposed
to the Filipinos.
MRS. EASTLAND'S WELL.
Half a Million Dollars Bequeathed to
Her Two Sons.
SAN JOSE. April 22.— Ry the terms of
tbe will of Alice Lander Eastland; filed
to-day, $500,000 worth of property is be
queathed to the testator's two sons,. Jo
seph L. and Thomas B. Eastland. F. A.
li;hr. of Santa Cruz is named as ex
ecutor.
The deceased wr.3 00 years of hro, and
a native of Kentucky. Hi late husband
was president of the Stockton Oas and
Electric Works nrd the Oakland Gas and
Heat Company, and vice president of the
State Board of Prison Commissioners.
Her estate i 3 located in the counties of
Santa Clara. Marin, Alameda, Calaveras,
Mendocino, Lake, Amador and San Fran
cisco.
«
WITH SIXTY "MILLIONS.
Incorporation of Gigantic Steel and
Chain Trust.
DOVER, De... April 22.— A certificate of
incorporation of the Union Steel and Chain
Company, with a capital stock of $60,000.
--OKI, the largest incorporation that has yet
come Into existence under the new State
laws, was filed to-night with Secretary of
State Hughes. One-half of the capital
stock Is preferred and one-half common.
The stock will be listed with options on
GRAPE-NUTS.
&^«fctf_rtfrtbf' <k"foikt*k"b&
J* All Classes ft
■***£ like the delicate *T
■*§* Sweet of *£
* GRAPE-NUTS *
£ The newest breakfast food in 2
«-.<*. the market and probably the -A
•r most scientifically made. They *•*
«i... are so easy of digestion that gL,
*r babes in arms grow fat on
JSL Grape-Nuts. A
*? Try for your breakfast to- •*
J^v morrow. /*
£ GROCERS SELL. 7
ft if if if if if § ifififififft
COGHLAN SINGS
"HOCH DER KAISER"
MOST SATIRICALLY
NEW YORK, April 22.— Captain +
Coghlan, at the Union League din- +
ncr for the Raleigh officers on Fri- -f
day night, was asked to sing ♦
"Hoch der Kaiser," a satirical +
song. He complied with the re- +
quest, and sang the following, -f
causing much laughter: -f
♦
Per Kaiser fen das fatrr'.and. >-
t*nd Gott und 1 all ding, command; >-
We two, nch. don't you understand? -♦•
BJEINSELF- und Gott. +
-f
Vile me men sing der bower divine, +
MEIN soldiers sine "Vie Wacht am +
Rhein". +
Und drink (Vr health in Rhenish wine— 4-
Of ME— und Gott. >
V
There's France, sne svagpers all around; -♦•
She's auspesplelt, she's no aggound; ■ -'4.
To much, we dinks, she di nd amound— 4-
MEINSELF— und Gott. -f
4
She will not dare to fight again, 4
But If she should I'll show her Main 4
Dat Elsars (nnd ln French) Lorraine 4-
Are MElN— by Gott. 4
• 4-
Dere's grandma dinks she's nlcht 4
schmall beer, 4
Mlt Boers und such she Interfere; 4-
She'll learn none owns dls hemisphere — 4-
But ME— und Gott. 4
■v.yy +
She Jinks, pood frau, some ships Bhe's 4
got. 4-
':-.■! . Idlers mlt der scarlet goat. 4-
Ach, we could knock 'em— like 4-
MEINSELF— mIt Gott. 4
4
In dimes of peace brebare for wars. 4
I bear der helm and shpear of Mars. 4-
Und care not for den dousand Czars +
MEINSELF— Gott. . 4
4
In fact. I humor every vhlm. 4-
Mlt aspect dark und visage grim— -4-
Gott pulls mlt me— und I mlt him— 4-
MEINSELF— und Gott. 4
4
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
Depew, "are prone to express their
opinions without first considering them.
Sea captains and others who follow the
sea are blunt men.
'•I cannot see myself how Captain
Coghlan's speech has done much good. !
It might bring on war with Ger
many.''
CAPTAIN COGKLAN
--. . ■ , ( , . • ,
ASKED TO EXPLAIN
NEW YORK. April 22.— The Herald's j
Washington correspondent sends the fol
lowing: Secretary Long sent a letter this j
afternoon to Captain J. B. Coghlan, com
manding the United States cruiser Ral- J
eigh, deprecating the references made by
him to' the conduct of the Germans at
Manila in the course of his speech fore
the I'nion League Club last night and re- j
questing him to Inform the department if I
he had been correctly quoted.
"Taken after a call of the German Em- j
bassador at the State Department, this
action was In some quarters attributed |
to a complaint made by that diplomat,
but I was informed by a high authority j
at the State Department that he had not
brought the matter to the attention of the I
Navy Department. Undoubtedly, however,
the German Embassador is very much an- j
noyed at theremarks attributed to Captain j
Coghlan. and while he failed to submit a
protest to Secretary Hay I understand
all chain plants and steel works through
out the country.
Through th.- Corporation Trust Com
pany, under whose counsel It sought life,
there was paid into the treasury of Dela
ware a $1500 fee, $.iOOO State tax. and the
company will continue to pay about $3050
annually. The incorporators are: .V. F.
Kanev. E. L. Harper and Maur'ee E.
Doran. all of New York.
HEADQUARTERS TO BE HERE*.
CHICAGO. April 2?.— Representatives of
lines composing the Transcontinental
Freight Association will meet in New
York Tuesday for the purpose of effecting
FIRE IN THE WEST ANNEX OF THE HOTEL DEL MONTE
DEL MONTE. April 22.-A repetition
of the terrible "Windsor Hotel disas
ter was narrowly averted here this
afternoon, and but for the promjit
and judicious action of the hotel fire bri
gade, assisted by the fire company of
Monterey, beautiful Del Monte would
have been a heap of smoldering ruins
now.
This afternoon at 5 o'clock, during a
high wind, sparks from one of the chim
neys in tho rear of the west annex were
carried down into the gable of the roof.
Fanned by the wind, they quickly ignited
the shingles and soon the whole end of
the roof was ablaze. The half-gale,
sweeping across the gable, kept the
flames clown and the: fire burned .down
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
that he was of the opinion the matter
was one which should be attended to by
the roper department of the Govern
ment.
The story told by Captain Coghlan ia
somewhat different from that which has
reached the Navy Department. An offlcer
on duty at the department told me he
understood that when the aid to the Ger
man commander in chief brought to the
attention of the admiral the bringing in
of supplies to foreign residents the Ameri
can command* said he had winked at
the practice while he did not officially
know of It, because _e*did no! desire to
impose extraordinary hardships on for
eign residents in Manila, but now that
the matter was brought to his attention
officially by the German admiral the prac
tice must Immediately stop. The depart
ment's reports do not show that the ad
miral made any reference to the cheap
ness of the German Hag, while Captain
Coghlan declared last night the admiral '
asserted they could be -'tight for half a
dollar a yard anywhere.
Navy official sincerely regret the neces
sity of bringing Captain Coghlan's atten
tion to the remarks attributed to him
by the press and they earnestly hope he
can inform the department he was incor
rectly quoted.
At a dinner given him at the Union
League Club in New York last night Cap
tain Coghlan is reported to have told the
story of the Incident of Dewey and the
German admiral as follows:
•Hiring those .lays, after the great fight was
over, he (Dewey) Buffered the most outrageous
nagging. On, on it went, day after day. rub
bing clean through the flesh to the bone, but he
always held himself and others up. I tell you
it was magnificent. I must tell you of an inci
dent which. I think, will -be of interest. Ad
miral yon Diederichs sent an officer to complain
of the restrictions placed upon him by Admiral
Dewey. I happened to be near by at the time,
and I overheard the latter part of the conver
sation between their offlcer and our chief. I
shall never forget it. and I want the people of
the United States to know what Admiral
Dewey said that day.
'•Tell your admiral." he said, "that his ships
must stop where I say." "Hut we fly a flag,"
said the officer. "Those flags can be bought at
half a dollar a yard anywhere," said the ad
miral, and there wasn't a bit of fun in his face
when he said it. either. "Any one can fly
that," he continued. "The whole Spanish fleet
might come on us with those colors lf they
wanted to. Therefore, I must and will stop ;
you. Tell your admiral I am blockading here.
I am tired of the character of his conduct. I've
made it as lenient as possible for him. Now
the time has arrived when he must stop. Listen
to me. Teil your admiral that the slightest
Infraction of these orders by himself or his
officers will mean but one thing. Tell him
what I say. It will mean war. Make no mis
take when I pay that it will mean war. If your
people are ready for war with the United States
you can have It in five minutes."
I am free to admit that the admiral's speech
to that officer took my breath away. As the
offlcer left to go back to his ship he said to
an American officer, whose name I can't recall,
"I think your admiral does not exactly under
stand." "Oh. yes. he does." said the American
offlcer. "He net only understands, but his
means every word he says."
COGHLAN ORDERED TO
SEA BY SECRETARY LONG
NEW YORK. April 22.— Captain Cogh
lan of the cruiser Raleigh was suddenly
Ordered to sea by Secretary Long late to
night. The captain was entertained at a
di-nner at the Army and Navy Club, and
was expected to finish the evening at
the Montauk Club in Brooklyn, where a
reception was being given Senator-elect
Chauncey M. Dep in honor of his birth
day. Just as Mr. Depew had finished his
speech a telegram from Captain Coghlan
was read, in winch he announced he
would reach the Montauk Club in twenty
mlr-.-.:-
This was hardly read by the secretary
of the Montauk Club when another' tele
gram from the captain was placed in his
hands. This announced that he (the cap
tain) was sorry to have to disappoint the
Montauk Club, but that since dispatch
ing the previous telegram ho had received
orders from Secretary Long to proceed at
once to sea.
No explanation for this sudden move on
the part of the (department regarding
Coghlan and his ship has been attempted,
though it is guessed the authorities at
Washington desire to gel the talkative
warrior away from banquets and news
paper -tors in order to avoid explain
ing away any more of his flings at "Der
Kaiser."
reorganization so as to comply with the
anti-trust law. It is practically settled
that the headquarters of the association
will be removed from Chicago to San
Francisco. R. H. Countlss will be re
tained as agent of the association.
•••
Sale of Railways and Steamer.
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, April 23.—
Government is negotiating the sale of all
its railroads and steamboat lines, with
their workshops, to C. F. Nicoll, the Brit
ish Consul here. The proposed transfer
carries with it the privilege of extending
the railroad to Rivas and also of connect
ing Managua with La Paz. The consid
eration Is stated to be $6,600,000 silver.
ward with great rapidity, spreading to
several rooms, all of which were com
pletely destroyed. The height of the
building and the strong wind rendered the
work of subduing the flames very diffi
cult, and the-flre had reached the floor be
low before It was finally controlled. The
great Quantities of water used did in
calculable damage to the furnishings and
decorations of rooms not touched by tho
fire, so that the. aggregate of loss to the
hotel is large. : :.;':;
The flre ls now quite subdued, but there
is yet danger of Its breaking* out afresh.
A careful watch will be kept all night,
and ail persons occupying rooms in the
annex have been moved to.other portions
of the hous» •'•* " * , ~"~""*>v
AN INTERNATIONAL
TRUST IN COPPER
All the Big Mines in
America Combined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 22.— The Times-Her
ald will say to-morrow: Definite in
formation reached Chicago to-day that
the contracts had been signed in Lon
don Friday which formally transferred
to a single organization practically all
of the large copper producing mines in
the United States. The details were
meager and came through the brokers
who had handled minor parts of the
deal In this city.
It Is understood that the mines under
contract produced about 425,000,000
pounds fine of the total output of 583,
--000,000 pounds fine that were mined in
this country last year. The same mines,
it is claimed, will produce fully 475,000,
--000 pounds fine of the output of the 600,
--000,000 pounds fine estimated for 1899.
According to the estimate made di-"*
rectly after the negotiations for the big j
producers became public property, the j
actual value of 'the mining properties |
taken over will exceed $400,000,000. The j
particulars, however, will probably be
made public during the coming week
and the formal life of the company will
date from May 1.
In effect, the 'new organization is an
international trust in copper. The or
ganization will protect the price both in
Europe and America and give to the j
company power to distribute the out
put intelligently and economically to
the market where it is most in demand.
It was the latter consideration which
brought into the combination some of
the interests that were previously an
tagonistic. The Rothschilds furnished I
the funds and made the stipulations for |
the European interests involved, while ;
the Standard Oil Company was credited
with acting in the same capacity for
the American side. The Rothschild in- <
terest had its main leverage in its hold- j
ings on Isle Royal, in Lake Superior, j
known as the Wendigo Copper Com- j
pany, the stock of which concern is j
not listed on any American exchange, |
and the Isle Royal Land Company \
(limited).
Among the other properties named in .
yesterday's private cables were, the]
Clark-Bigelow and the Marcus Daly in
terests in Montana; the Arcadian and |
Centennial in the Lake Superior region,
and the Old Dominion in Arizona, but
it is known thai several other heavy
producers not named are included.
MRS. OELRICHS SUFFERS
A SPRAINED ANKLE
NEW YORK. April 22.— Newport, R.
1., special to the Herald says: Mrs. Her
mann Oelrichs' visit to her sister. Mrs.
William K. Vanderbilt Jr.. was marred
to-day by 'v painful though not serious
accident that befell iter. She arrived on j
Thursday and was very busy yesterday ;
and to-day about matters connected with
the building of her villa on the cliffs, j
which has just been begun.
This afternoon, while attempting to
alight quickly from Mrs. Vanderbilt' a
carriage, Mrs. Oelrichs caught her foot
in the step, wrenching her ankle, and fall
ing lite heavily. It was feared she was
badly Injured, but upon examination it I
was "found she had been fortunate enough
to escape with only a sprained ankle,
though that will occasion her much pain ;
for son), time.
Mrs. Oelrichs left for New York late j
this afternoon and in the meantime Mr.
Oelrichs was informed of the accident by
telegraph and requested to have a phy- :
sician at the Oelrichs residence to attend ;
Mrs. Oelrichs upon her arrival this even- i
ing.
Grain-Rate Schedule Hearing.
STOCKTON, April 22.— Stockton
committee representing the local ware
house and mill men requested of the Rail
road Commission a continuance of tho
hearing on the fixing of a new grain rate
schedule, which was set for Monday next,
and to-day received assurance that the
commission would grant their request.
The meeting with the local business men
will accordingly be held in San Francisco
on May 8, when the commission will meet
in regular session. The local committtee
desires to present arguments in favor of a
continuance of the 80-cent differential in
rates to Stockton.
If your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see 11. Murphy, 630 Market. •
Over 400 guests were in the hotel at the
time the fire started, the larger num
ber being in the west annex. Great ex
citement prevailed, but fortunately no
panic resulted. Every euort is being
made by the hotel management to re
lieve the Situation, and it is believed all
danger will be over before morning.
The orlclr.al Tel Monte Hotel was wholly de
stroyed by flre on the nieht of April 1, ISS7.
There was no loss of life, but many of th*
guests lost their baggage and clothing. Few
personal efTects were saved, as the flames
spread rapidly. Tbe tourists who were th-n
sojourning at Del Monte came to. San Fran
cisco to get clothing to render themselves
presentable. ■ "When they arrived here men and
women laid on blankets or any other old thing
yaey could pick up to keep out the cold and
STOPPING SPREAD
OF DISAFFECTION
AMONG VOLUNTEERS
General Otis Is Now Censoring
Cablegrams Sent to Soldiers
in the Philippines.
NEW YORK, April 22.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: General Otis is making a
determined effort to prevent the
spread of disaffection among the volun
teers under his command by censoring
dispatches sent to them by political
opponents of the administration in the
United States.
The President has received a cable
gram from that officer informing him
of the action he has taken and stating
that the seditious messages being sent
are responsible for the change in the
feeling among the troops who desire to
be returned immediately to the United
States.
It was denied by Secretaries Alger
and Long to-day that \ the matter was
made the subject of Cabinet discussion
.yesterday, but it is known that the
President has discussed the dispatch of
General Otis with his Cabinet advisers
with a view to determining the action
which ought to be taken. There seems
to be no doubt in the administration's
mind that it is within the power of
the President to direct Judicial action.
He will not do so, however, but will
let the matter rest in General Otis'
hands, who will continue to exercise
the censorship he has established and
thus prevent dispatches sent from this
country reaching those for whom they
are intended.
Dispatches which General Otis has
suppressed declare, I understand, that
the volunteers have completed their
term of office under the army reorgani
zation law and are entitled to imme
diate return home. The effect of this
agitation, it is said, is that volunteers
who six weeks ago announced that
they were desirous of remaining in the
Philippines until the insurrection was
quelled now insist upon being imme
diately transported home.
It is also asserted that as a result of
the circulation of the dispatches among
volunteers few will take advantage of.
that provision of the army reorganiza
tion law under which .the Government
was authorized to re-enlist them for a
period of six months after the procla
mation of the President announcing
the exchange of ratifications of the
treaty of peace with Spain.
TREASON REVEALED IN
SEDITIOUS CABLEGRAMS
.CHICAGO, April 22.— A Washington
special to the Inter Ocean says: Notwith
standing the denial of the Associated
Press concerning the sending of seditious
cablegrams to Manila, the statement
published in the Inter Ocean this
morning is repeated on tne highest pos
sible authority. Several .days ago Gen
eral Otis cabled direct to President Mc-
Kinley that he had in his possession a
number of cablegrams to officers of vol
unteers which were treasonable and se
ditious. He repeated those cablegrams to
the President and they were laid before
the Cabinet yesterday. They were dis
cussed, but no conclusion was reached as
to what should be done regarding the
men who have been engaged in the con
spiracy.
The administration has known for some
time that letters were sent to volunteers
in the Philippines urging-them to demand
their discharge. Some of the volunteers
have revealed this to their officers. But
since the exchange of ratifications of the
peace treaty the anti-expansionists have
sought to use the cable to urge volun
teers to refuse longer service. General
Otis has absolute control of the cable,
and he has taken possession of cable
grams and reported .item to the Presi
dent. He is the Judge as to what mes
sages shall be sent and received at Ma
nila, and he has withhold these messages
from the men for whom they were in
tended.
It is known also that other cablegrams
have been sent to Hongkong to be deliv
ered and that they urged the volunteers
to refuse further service in the army
and demand Immediate discharge. .Such
messages are. regarded as clearly sedi
tious, because the Philippines are now
United States territory and the insurgents
there are in rebellion against this Gov
ernment.
They are not fighting for any right they
conceal their -underwear. The loss of clothing
and Jewelry was extensive and in some cases
the claims against the company, were so large
that the courts were invited to adjust the dam
ages.
The managers of the Pacific Improvement
Company suspected that the flre was incen
- diary, and after an investigation caused the
arrest of* Simmons, who had been deposed from
the management of the hotel the day before the
fire. His successor was Mr. Schoenwald, the
present manager. The preliminary trial of
Simmons took place at Monterey and he was
held to answer to the charge of arson. On the
trial which followed some months later he was
acquitted.
The railroad company sustained a loss of
more than a half-million dollars by reason of
the flre. The value of th? building and furni
ture destroyed approximated that sum. Aside
from this direct less the company was obliged
to make good the losses to the "guests of the
hotel
MANILA, April Major Bell,
with a part of the Fourth Cav
alry, which was reconnoitering
east of Malolos this morning,
was surrounded and suffered a
severe loss. The Nebraska and
lowa regiments were sent to re
inforce him. The fighting still
continues.
over had. or for claiming which they ever
had any ground. They are fighting
against' the Government which has tne
only right to control the islands, and
whose right is recognized by the civilized
The United States troops in the Philip
pines are engaged .in putting down a re
bellion, and whoever seeks to encourage
mutiny among them is guilty of treason.
The anti-expansionists in this country
engaged in this work could be tried for
treason, but it is considered advisable at
present to go no further than to expose
them, a proposition which was consid
ered at the Cabinet meeting yesterday,
and will be further considered in the near
future.
GENERAL LAWTON PUTS
FILIPINOS TO FLIGHT
MANILA, April 22.-7 p. m.— General
Lawton took the field at daybreak to
day with a column of troops consisting
of the North Dakota Regiment, two bat
talions of the Third Infantry, the
Twenty-second Infantry, two guns, of
Scott's" battery, three troops of the
Fourth Cavalry and Gales' squadron,
equipped in light marching order. This
force started at 5 o'clock this morning
over the Novalich road, traversing the
country previously cleared of rebels,, but
subsequently reoccuplcd by them. It is
to be presumed that General Lawton by
this movement will outflank the enemy
before joining General Mac Arthur north
of Novalich.
The Dakota regiment first encountered
the enemy in front of Novalich at* 8
a. m. The rebels opened fire on our
troops, but their flre was silenced fifteen
minutes later, the enemy retiring in bad
order and the Americans advancing along
the rough roads around Novalich. They
were considerably annoyed by the fire
of the rebel sharpshooters from the jun
gle for two hours. At 2 o'clock in the
afternoon the rebels were in full flight,
leaving many dead on the field and our
troops were compelled to take a brief
rest in the shade, the heat was so over
powering.
MANILA, April 23. 11:20 a. Colonel
Remie and Major Lasseras. the Spanish
commissioners, with their secretaries, at
tempted to enter the rebel lines yesterday
to confer with Aguinaldo regarding an ex
change of prisoners, but failed in their
mission. The party, the members of
which were attired in full uniform, drove
to the American camp and lunched with
General Mac Arthur. They then proceed
ed in a carriage, under a flag of truce
toward Calumplt, but were stopped by the
rebel outposts on the road who assumed
a menacing attitude and refused to par
ley with the commissioners, and the latter
were compelled to return and took the
evening train for Manila.
The rebels before Calumplt have re
cently been reinforced by men from the
Pampanga Province and are now well in
trenched in the strongest position on what
is practically an island formed by a trib
utary of the Rio Grande. •
The United States transport Puebla has
arrived with the headquarters and part of
the Ninth Infantry, all well.
AMERICANS TOO VAIN
AND TOO RESOLUTE
British Journals Declare That Uncle
Sam Must Not Give Up the
Philippines.
righted, 1*599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, April 22.— The news from the
Philippine Islands of the retirement of
General I.awton from the Santa Cruz dis
trict and the capture of the boat's crew
of the Yorktown has made a considera
ble impression here, and the comments
of the press all reflect anxiety lest the
unfavorable news should have a discour- i
aging effect upon America's expansion
views.
Prominence is given to dispatches from \
America, apparently indicating a cooling |
of public opinion regarding the Philip
pines, and the general tenor of the British
press deprecates this seeming tendency
to gloominess, pointing out that upon In
numerable occasions British arms have
met with a check, only to eventually con
quer all obstacles.
"We were discouraged after Isandula,"
remarks one paper, "but we are beyond
the Zambesi all the same."
Discussing General Lawton's retirement,
the Speaker says: "The movement ap- j
pears, on reflection, natural, as any other
course would be folly. The American i
campaign up to now is justified by causes.
The real significance, of the apparent '
check is to be looked for in America it
self. There is little doubt that when the
Presidential contest occurs the adminis- ;
tration will not have to reckon with a !
disorganized and discredited foe. The !
cost and sufferings of the troops will help
the Democratic reaction and the repa
triated troops are not likely to be mis
sionaries of Imperialism. In short, |
America's setback in the Philippine
Islands may very well combine with other i
factions to strengthen the new Demo- 1
cratic-Populist party, which may make |
a good fight in 1900. even in the East."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~~ FOR
MEN
ONLY.
Free Trial Package of This New Discovery
Mail.d to Every Man Sending Name
and Address— Quickly Restores
Strength and Vigor.
Free trial packages of a most remarkable
remedy are being mailed to all who will write
the State Medical Institute. They cured so
many men who had battled for years against
the mental and physical suffering of lost man-
hood that the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It ls a
home treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting from
youthful folly, premature loss of strength and
memory, weak back, varicocele or emaciation
of parts can now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful effect
of warmth and seems to act direct to the de-
sired location, giving strength and development
Just where it is needed. It cures all the Ills
and troubles that come from years of misuse
of the natural functions and has been an 'ab-
solute success in all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute, 743 First National
Bank building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial packages, will
be complied with promptly. The Institute ls
desirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treated
and the free sample will enable them to see
how easy lt ls to be cured of sexual weakness
when the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man who
writes will be sent a free sample, carefully
sealed in a plain package, so that It's recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or pub
Hefty. Readers are requested to write without
i del.- .r* '. ■*- " yV-"> ■;-■?•:"*--. •"■• . . ■ v. ;. .__ ~ y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rice Rupture toe,
Wonderfully Brilliant Invention
Sold at a Low Price.
A Home Cure That Is Restoring
Thousands to Perfect Health.
Many Remarkable In-
stances.
Some time ago Munsey's Magazine contained
an article on rupture with a number ot lllus-
showin.'the remarkable curat y
of a system invented by Dr. W. S. Rice 4-.S N.
Main St.. Adams, N. Y. Lawrence E. of
Syracuse, N. V.. offers another fortunate ,n-
MR. LAWRENCE E. MEYER.
stance of the marvelous results of Dr. Rice's
method. The important points are that the
rupture, no matter how large, dangerous or old
it may be, is securely and comfortably retain-
ed within the abdomen. At the same time the
broken muscles are made to grow together and
become as Arm and solid as any other portion
of the abdomen. It ls a home cure, the pa-
tient using the method himself, and the price
ls so low that everyone can afford it. Mr.
Meyer says of the cure: "I tried the method
of Dr Rice's because it seemed such a vast
improvement over anything else I had us. d
and also combined curative effects such as no
other rupture treatment contains. Of course I
hadn't much faith in the possibility of a cure,
but the results are remarkable. Whereas I
had been laid up for months before now the
rupture did not bother me for a minute. It
was only a short time when I couldn't feel any
trace of where the rupture had been an. l . I soon
was able to work all day as freely as a young
man. I advise every ruptured man or woman
to send at once and get this method, as it will
certainly cure permanently and perfectly."
! Mr. Meyer's advice Is good. Upon application
to Dr. Rice he will send you free a book that
fully explains how he cures rupture. If you
know of another person ruptured send and get
a book for him. Such an act of kindness will
be remembered all the rest of his life. Write
to-day without fall. Address Dr. W. S. Rice,
418 N. Main st.. Adams. N. Y. The book is
mailed free to all who send name and '.dress.
.** — -—^y- ■> \^~~>w
SECOND SUCCESSFUL YEAR OF
THE SAB GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ATED with a germicide, Ihe patient lives
In an atmosphere that positively kills the
germ of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to tho
! weakening night sweats and cough. Tempera-
' ture falls to normal, and four weeks' treat-
| ment Invariably increases weight from six to
! twenty pounds.
| The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist.
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, writes: "I
, entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
, diet great success for your undertaking." .
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
!* Im- Not Ira-
j Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
| Ist Stage.. M 29 5 0 M
id Stage.. 36 13 23 2 $6
2d Stage.. 80 3 13 15 SO
The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
i the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing the
\ Antiseptic Germicial Inhalation treatment for
' diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are In attendance. The
; Sanatorium is lighted by gas and heated by
Eteam and open fires. . The rooms— over 100 In
i number are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
. nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located. nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acres of lawn, fruit trees and shrub 3. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients Fuller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
on application. -.^.-. .-;
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
; TORIUM CO.. San Qabrlel. Cal.
OOOOOOOOOOCCOOOOOO
T^ FALACE **?%
%CRANO "QT-giso
I q SAN FRANCISCO. ft
I Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Room?— 900 w: h Bath Attached. °
\ O All Under One Management. O
! 0 NOTE THE PRICES: O
0 EuropeanPian $l.<><> per day and upward Q
0 American Flan. sl».<K» per day a.nd upward _
Correspondence Solicited. %f
O JOHN C. KIBIPATBICK, Manager. O
00000000 0000000000
DR.MQNULTY.
T--HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLEOLD
A Special Ist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
I eases 0/ Men only. Boots on Private Diseases and
, Weaknesses of Men.free. Over 3o y'rs' experience
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours'*
toS daily ;a.30 to S:*» ev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly conrlden tfal. Call.oraddresa
P. ItOSl'O*. MfMl-TY, M.D.
gg^ Kearny St.. Man Francisco. Cal.
P Chichester's English Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
__-£*>< .Original and Only Geanlne A
__jjy>____*. D "*"« ! » t for a "*'"<rs English T>.a-£f^.
*Ly^&W?'"'" i 2Jr ' ,Kd 'n Hed »ad Gold __*.;ic\\__F
«__ -*"**£: «I "' 1 * 1 '-"-» '°<- ribbon. Take^ST
l'l *^* 'sfil ,so otaer. • B< /««« dangerous subswv- V
I / flf 'Knsand imitations. AiDrarr_st«,or«id4«.
IJ. Mf ',? "''^r» for pinicnlar.. t»3ti_non__.'.i m 3
V"****^ Kf „ K^, I '» , : i or Ladles," in Istte*. br return
***\ - __./%,, M .-« 11 ; iO.OOO T.niraci,^, Ka^rP^.
WS. g g <^ Ornnlita. PHILIItA.. r?
.•>'st&ik'&£^S&'tlf Tic: ** ,8 a non-polsonoia
W^crnF^ , r ,' , , me . . for Gonorrhcea.
_4T_<_yr V CK T^^H u-fV 1 - spermatorrhoea,
mWmW ?. ltot,i *»7«\a « b»tes, unnatural iis-
tfmVi nn ?^ T^. v '' i ■  *h ,* or any inflamma-
ifr ■ Mr °. i "■?• "'•"■ irritation or ulcer*-
gjq|Pr.™ n «»__gion. ti. n of mucous nu-m-
-****a>**iTHEmNS cranes. Non-astringent.
raSgkciNCINHATI.O .fi^Sl Sold by JOragginVs.
m \W^_ U.S. a. !^q or sent in plain wrapper,
4^W_____fe________________H9 I "J express, prepaid, fof
$1.00, ■■ 3 bottles. «2.75.
■ Olrciuar sent on re^'^Sfc
/gS_XDEWEY,STRONG
CL jBATENTSI- 3
_^s^33U MARKET SES^SS^
Weak Men and Women
: Should use damiana BITTERS. the
I treat Mexican remedy; glvea health and
* »m»t\h to sexual organ*. _o*»<. t. til UarksbSHIPOWNERS AND
UNION SAILORS
AT LOGGERHEADS
Wages Is the Bone of
Contention.
A STRIKE NOW IN PROGRESS
EACH SIDE CONFIDENT OF GAIN
ING THE VICTORY.
The Causes Leading Up to the Strike
old in the Correspond
ence — Ships Are
Tied Up.
Th" trouble between the Shipowners*
Association and the Sailors' Union of the '
Pacific has reached the acute stage. Each
patty thinks it has right on its side and i
neither will yield an 'inch The ship
owners assert they are paying "all the
traffic will bear," and the sailors hold j
that in view of the good times and the
demand for ships "poor Jack" should for
tir.ee be given more than a bare pittance.
That is how the matter stands and each j
side is using its best endeavors to carry
its Int. So far the shipowners have
carried the day, but at a great expense.
They have sent their vessels away with
non-union crews, but the said vessels
have been held In the stream for from
two to five days at an expense of at least
$300 a day.- This the Sailors' Union looks
upon as a partial victory, as the expense
to the owner has been in each instance
more than the advance in wages would
have amounted to.
It is an unequal contest. The shipown
ers have the -money and the ships. The
sailors have the men. The last time they
measured their strength the union lost.
As in the first instance the men consider
they have right on their side and in spite
of their weakness have again taken up
the gauntlet.
The following letter from the Sailors'
Union was written shortly after the ship
owners announced an advance of $5 per
month in wages. The correspondence is
self-explanatory:
BAN FRANCISCO, April 5. 1599.
Sailors' Union of the Pacific.
Charles E. Nay! Secretary Shipowners'
Association, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir:
The Sailors' Union of the Pacific, at Its
adjourned meeting, held on the 4th Inst.,
Instructed me to advise your association
that, taking iii: cognizance of the -..sting
condition of trade and the generally Im
proved times, we have decided upon the
following scale of wages from the port of '
San Prancisco:
In sailing vessels going to Puget Sound or
any other inside ports, $40 per month.
In sailing vessels to outside or open
ports, $45 per month.
In sailing vessels to Mexico. Hawaii or
Australia, $35 per month.
Siberia, Central or South America, $30
--per month.
In steamers going to Inside ports, $45 per
month.
In steamers going to outside or open
ports, ZiiO per month.
Overtime, per hour. 40 cents.
And also the following r es °lution: "Re
solved, That it would be for the benefit of
all concerned If the (your) association would
appoint a committee to meet a like com
mittee from the Sailors' Union to discuss
the sundry differences at present existing
along the Coast, and to make such arrange
ments as shall be deemed most expedient to
aid the Uovernment officials in carrying
out the amendments to the navigation laws
enacted by the last Congress."
Tbe Sailors' Union took this action, feel
ing thut lt is the desire of your association
as well as of the Bailors' Union, that these
laws shall be given an honest trial, and
that ether differences rest now mainly
upon mutual lack ot confidence, which we
believe could be removed if some under
standing could be reached. It will be un
derstood that any conference is contingent
upon the acceptance of the above scale of
wages from San Francisco and that other
question? are left open, to be considered in
any meeting to which your association
might agree.
Awaiting your answer, I am, in behalf of
the Sailors' Union of the Pacific, very
truly yours, A. FURUSETH, Sec.
Shipowners' Association of the Pacific
Coast.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 12, 1539.
A. Furuseth Esq., Secretary Sailors'
Union of the Paclflc — Dear Sir: Responding
to your favor of April Bth inst., I inclose
you a copy of the new scale of sailors'
wages adopted by the board of directors of
this association on March 31 last. This is
an Increase of J5 per month on all coast
ing voyages and voyages to the Islands of
the Pacific, and is considered by our peo
ple to be fair to both tbe sailor and the
Bhlp. although from a comparative and
point very liberal compensation for the ser
vice rendered. If this scale could be
maintained throughout the year out of all
Pacific Coast ports, I have no doubt it
would be entirely satisfactory to the great
majority of sailors, who are. I believe,
reasonable men. Whether it could be
malntain»d would depend largely upon
themselves.
I have written so much relative to the
wage question because, while your commu
nication invites a conference for the os
tensible purpose of devising ways and
means of aiding the Government in the en
forcement of its new laws, yet you have
practically shut this association offl from
the consideration of this important matter
by inserting in your letter a condition
precedent, as follows: "'lt will be under
stood that any conference is contingent
upon the acceptance of the above scale of
wages from San Francisco," etc.
Feeling certain that, having raised wages
voluntarily J* per month, our directors
would not feel Justified. in conceding a fur
ther raise as a condition upon which the
privilege of a conference with your "' m
mittee might be secured on other questions
of apparent Importance, or at all, for r> a-
Fons already given, I deemed it useless
therefore to call a special meeting of our
Board of Directors for the purpose indicated
ln your communication. And awaiting your
further pleasure. I remain, respectfully
yours, CHARLES E. NAYLOR,
Secretary and Attorney.
(SCALE OF WAGES INCLOSED.)
Bhip-owners' Association of the Pacific Coast
— Rate of wages, able seamen, In effect
April 15, 1893.
Bailing vessels, lumber, bar harbors. Pa
cific States, Alaska or British Colum
bia $35
Railing vessels, coal, bar harbors, Pacific
States or British Columbia 30
Balling vessels, lumber. outside road
steads. Pacific States or British Co
lumbia i")
Balling vessels, Hawaiian Islands and
Mexico 30
Falling vessels. Central America 30
Sailing vessels, Asia, Australia, Europe
and South America 20
Steam craft, bar harbors 45
Steam craft, outside roadsteads 60
Steam craft, foreign voyages, $25 and upward
Steam craft, with or without overtime as
preferred.
Bailors' Union of the Pacific— Ran Francisco,
Cal.. April 19. 1599.
<"barles B. Naylor. Secretary Ship-owners'
Association, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir:
Yours of the 12th Instant has been sub
mitted to the Sailors* Union of the Paclflc,"
anrl I am instructed to reply as follows:
The scale of wages adopted by the Hoard
POSTUM CEREAL.
IF COFFEE DIGESTS
All is well. About one person in three
suffers some form of bodily ail that
gradually disappears when coffee Is left
off entirely. >
Then "what to drink" is the question.
Postum Food Coffee is the nearest ap-
proach in taste (identical when care-
fully made), but instead of being a drug
it is the highest form of nourishment,
fattening and strengthening babies,
children and adults.  7 >
of Directors of the Ship-owners' Association
is not "satisfactory to the great majority or
** a "°rs." It ls not satisfactory to "sailors"
at all. it may be satisfactory to the lands
men who. under different kinds of induce
ments, are prevailed upon to go to sea for
a trip or bo. Of that we know nothing. The
proposed scale could not be made the basis
for any agreement extending along the
coast. You go on to stale that "whether
it could be maintained would depend large
ly ujon themselves (the sailors)." Seafaring
men have long understood that the main
taining of wages depended upon refusal to
accept less, but there was a hope, born of
reports circulating along the water front,
that the Ship-owners' Association might be
Willing to adopt by agreement a reasonable
scale and to adhere to the same for a speci
fied time. That the sailors would agree to
ar.y scale agreed upon was proven beyond
doubt when there was an effort to increase
wages during the prosperous years from ISSS
to 1593. You suggest further that your as
sociation is practically shut oft from any
conference because our union made such
conference "contingent upon the accept
ance of the above scale of wages from San
Francisco." You are fully aware that our
communication left "all other questions
open." and that any conference limited to
"devising ways and means of aiding the
Government in the enforcement of its new
laws" would be entered upon at any time
you should desire. •
You further inform us that you have
deemed It "useless" to call a meeting of
the Roard of Directors to consider our letter
of the Eth Instant. We expected that our
communication would have been considered
of sufficient importance to have been other
wise dealt with. We hoped that a confer
ence might be brought about, and took such
action as we thought advisable to that end.
If we understand your communication at
all, lt informs us that you, personally, think
that the ship-owners are unwilling to confer
with us.
Awaiting your further pleasure. I am. on
behalf of the Sailors' Union of the Pacific.
yours truly, A. FURUSETH.
Secretary.
There was no reply to the last commu
nication and thus the matter rests. The
shipowners scored heavily against the
union yesterday. Xo less than eight ves
sels sailed with non-union crews and
those that are still tied up expect to get
away to-day. The vessels .that sailed
were the . Mary Wlnkelman. W. H. Di
mond. Prussia, Occidental, Andrew
"Welch, Mary Buhne, Daisy Rowe and
Eureka. There is another big fleet getting
ready to sail, however, and the union
promises to delay their departure as much
as possible. :
The • story about Captain Jensen, a
union patrolman, and a runner" in yes
terday s paper was not entirely correct.
The patrolman was carefully knocked out
by the "runner," but Captain Jensen was
not followed nor had he anything to do
with the fracas.
SHANGHAIED AND
RESCUED IN TIME
CHARLIE WAN, A CHINESE, IS
DRAGGED TO MAIL DOCK.
Placed on Board a Schooner Bound for
Alaska, but the Police Were
Notified and Took
Him Off.
1 ' Charlie Wan, a Chinese living at 618
Jackson street, was shanghaied Friday
j night and forcibly dragged by two white
men and a Chinese to the Mail Dock and
placed on board the schooner B. J. Che
ney, bound for Alaska.
Corporal Cockerill learned of the case
! and reported it yesterday morning to
! Captain Spillane, who. accompanied by
I Policemen Tyrrell and Esola, went at
| once to the Mall Dock and took Charlie
; Wan off the vessel.
Charlie told the captain that about
three months ago Jue Yick ask?d him to
sign a paper, which he said was a con
tract for Yick to go to Alaska, and if
Charlie signed it Yick could get an ad
vance of $74 on his wages. Charlie on
that representation signed the paper. He
heard nothing further of the matter, and
was surprised when two white men rep
resenting them- as police officers ap
proached him on Jackson street and '
grabbed hold of him. Gue Chung, a Chi
nese, was with the 'two men.
They told him that he had signed a con
tract to go to the Alaska fisheries, and
as the vessel was about to sail he would
have to *•> with them. He remonstrated
with them, but they dragged him along j
until they reached the Mail Dock and
put him aboard the vessel.
Charlie did not know where Jue Yick
' could be found, and was unable to give a
i description of the two white men, as it
was dark at the time and he was un
able to get a good ok at them. He has
been working for Louis Bloch, 707 Front
street, for me time. The poll are
searching for the kidnapers.
WHO OWNS THE HORSES?
A Witness for the Defense in the
Foster Case Gives Strong Testi
mony the Other Way.
One of the witnesses for the defense in
the case of Fred Foster, the horseman,
charged with obtaining money by false
pretenses, surprised the attorneys for the
defendant yesterday while being exam
ined in Judge Conlan's court.
Attorney E. L. Rhodes testified that he
knew both Foster and Howard, the com
plaining witness, and he never at any
time saw any acknowledgment or bill of
sale signed by Foster that Howard had a
half interest In the horses Yellow Tail and
Sam McKee ver. Foster had told him that
he did not own a hair in the tails of the
horses, and witness could never Induce
him to show him the original bill of sale
for Yellow Tail. Foster had often re
ferred to Howard's kindness and gen
erosity to him. On the night prior to
the signing of the disputed paper witness
had strongly advised Foster to settle up
the troubles between him and Howard by
giving Howard a bill of sale outright to
the two horses.
Defendant's attorneys were so staggered
by Rhodes' evidence that they declined to
requestion him, but said they would defer
it till the next calling of the case.
Garnett Ferguson, another witness for
the defense, testified that he had s*bld Sam
McKeever to Foster on January 28 for
$5000, which was paid in gold coin. The
case will be continued Tuesday afternoon.
Mrs. Travers Is Vindicated.
Mrs. Laura Trovers, who slapped Attor
ney Louis C. Plstotosi's face because he
Insulted her In Justice of the Peace
Dunne's court and was arrested on a
charge of battery, at the Instance erf the
irate attorney, had her case dismissed by
.Judge Graham yesterday. In Judge said
'that Plstolesl had no right to grab hold
of the defendant's arm. making it black
and blue, and she was justified In slapping
his face. '-yyy
■ ♦ .
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
HONESTY REWARDED IN
A TANGIBLE MANNER
DD. JONES, Interpreter of Chi
nese for the United States At
torney, was electrified yes
-1 terday on receiving a telegram
from Washington informing him that
his -salary had been increased from
$75 to $125 per month-
Jones' honesty anil the fact that he
has always refused to take a fee out
side of M;: salary is the reason for the
increase in his pay. It was asked for
by United States Circuit Judge Mor
row. United States Commissioner
Heacock, Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch, District Court Clerk Morse,
United States Marshal Shine, United
States - Attorney Coombs and ex-
United States Attorney Foote.
Before Mr. Jones was appointed to
the position he now holds it was the
custom to charge Chinese $2 for each
case in which, the Interpreter acted.
This helped to swell the interpreter's
salary, and though the collection of
this fee was not authorized by law,
no objection was made. When Mr.
Jones took the office he refused to ask
for or accept a dollar outside his sal
ary. He said that he did not want
to preach Christianity on Sundays in
Chinatown with money In his pockets
extorted from his hearers.
THE SAN PRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
A PERMANENT
TRANSPORT FOR
THE PHILIPPINES
The Charles Nelson
to Be Purchased.
FOR USE AMONG THE ISLANDS
CLEVELAND "WILL ALSO CHANGE
HANDS AT MANILA.
River Boat T. C. Walker in Trouble.
A Sea Cook Nearly Asphyxiated.
Maxim and Vine in
I Collision.
The transports Charles Nelson and
Cleveland, now on their way to Manila,
may never come back to San Francisco.
The chances are that Admiral Dewey will
keep the Nelson, as she is just the class
of vessel he wants for an interisland
transport, and some merchants of Manila
are after the Cleveland. Friday last Cap
tain Charles Nelson received a cablo from
the Philippines asking if the Nelson was
for sale, and the answer sent back was
"No."
"If the Government wants the Charles
Nelson," said James Tyson, manager lor
Charles Nelson, yesterday, "I suppose it
will take her. She is under charter to
Uncle Sam and there is no limit to the
time he may keep her in the Islands. She
Is a splendid vessel, almost brand new, a
very big carrier for her size and draws
very little water. She was built especially
for the coast trade, and it was seen to,
when she was being planned, that there
would be no trouble in her crossing shal
low bars and getting alongside the mills
where there is very little water. She is
just the boat for an interisland transport,
but just the same I hope the Government
won't take her, as we want her here as
soon as we can get her."
It is stated authoritatively on the front
that the Nelson will go on the ways at j
Cavite, after discharging, where she will
be sheathed and coppered. She will then
be put into service between the islands.
She has accommodation for 750 troops,
and can carry 900 tons of freight. With
these she can go hundreds or miles up
the rivers in the Philippines and would
thus prove to be an invaluable boat to tlio
army. The Nelson was built at Alameda
in 1&98, and is 407 tons net burden. She is
ICS feet long, 35 feet 5 inches beam and 14
feet deep. The Cleveland was also to. be
used in the Interisland trade, but as a
merchantman, not as a transport.
• All the transports now in port will get
away this week. The Morgan City will
be ready Monday night and will sail
Tuesday morning. She was moved to the
Government wharf yesterday and will
take aboard prior to sailing *-49 recruits
j and 88 officers and civilians. The Ohio and
i Senator .will probably get away Wednes-
I day afternoon. The former comes down :
j from Hunters Point to-day and will dock
!at Folsom street. The Senator is loading
at Broadway. These two vessels will take
the Thirteenth Infantry, now on its way
here from New York; and a number of
recruits. The work of getting the Leela
naw ready has been delayed owing to the
strike among the shipwrights. She will :
be ready the latter part of the week and
will take the field pieces of the light artil
lery that sailed on the Newport for Ma
nila and a number of mules for the com
missariat transport corps. The British
ship Bldston Hill, laden with supplies for
the troops, will be towed to sea to-day.-
The auxiliary cruiser Badger has been
overhauled at the Union Iron Works, and
will begin taking stores on board to-mor
row. She will sail for Samoa as soon as
the commissioners arrive from the East.
The United States steamer Nero sailed
for Honolulu last night. She will go direct
to the Islands and will begin surveying
the route for a able between Guam,
Hawaii and San Francisco.
Martin Samuels, cook on the schooner
Reliance, had a close call last Friday
night. He took a room in the lodging
house at 1314 Stockton street and came
i near to ending his life by the gas route.
| Martin went to a wedding on Wednesday
j evening and had a good time. Thursday
; he did not go back to work, but Friday
I in- was on deck as usual. Friday night
| he went Into a saloon at North Beach,
! kept by a Portuguese, and after taking
j several drinks of gin he remembers noth-
I ing more until he woke up in the hos
| pital yesterday afternoon. The landlord
i of the lodging-house says that Samuels
1 engaged a room on Friday afternoon and
i some time during the night came home
| and went to bed. He must have turned
| the gas on without lighting it, for the
i place was full of the poison when the
| landlord found him. Samuels was hur
! rled to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr.
j Hlmmelsbach worked over him for an
j hour before he was out of danger.
C. McNulty, mate of the Stockton
! steamer T. «'. Walker, was badly Injured
at Washington-street wharf yesterday
i morning. The vessel had just tied up
: after her trip down the river, and Mc-
I Nulty was lowering the apron to allow
i the passengers to go ashore. The apron
I is one of those affairs that la hauled -up
I and lowered by pulleys.- One pulley rope
i was broken, and as McNulty began to
lower the apron the second rope broke
and the apron fell on the mate.
McNulty's 8-year-old son was standing
on the upper deck of the steamer, and
when he saw his father under the apron
he fell to the deck in a faint. McNulty
was got from under the apron and taken
to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr. yon
der Leith found he was suffering from a
dislocation of the left knee, a number of
contusions on the side and back and a
lacerated wound of the scalp. In the
evening McNulty was sent back to his
home in Stockton on the steamer.
The Walker was unfortunate yesterdays
■ While returning to her berth nt Washing
ton wharf late in the afternoon she ran
; into the end of Clay street wharf and
ripped up nearly twenty feet of that
structure. The davits used by the Harbor,.
Commissioners! were carried away and
trie of the fender piles were broken into
splinters. The vessel was heading into the
j slip when the tide caught her and carried
her down on Clay street wharf. The
Walker was not damaged to any great ex
tent.
The schooners Vine and Maxim were in
collision off Meiggs wharf yesterday. The
Vine was lying at anchor awaiting a crew
and the Maxim was outward bound for
Casper to load lumber. When off Meiggs
wharf the Maxim missed stays and the
tide carried her down on the Vine. The
latter lost her starboard rail and the
Maxim her martingale.
Captain yon Helms of the steamer Cur
acao telegraphs the Merchants' Exchange
that the United States training ship Ad
ams was in Magdalena Bay on April 5 and
that all the boys were well and enjoying
themselves.
The battleship lowa will be open for in
spection to-day and the launches Amy ard
William D will carry visitors from Fol
som-street wharf to her.
H. J. Blsh came down from I'kiah last
Friday and yesterday morning was robbed
of $I'JO at the ferries. He was expecting
some friends by the early morning train
and went down to meet them. In his fob
pocket he carried five $20 gold piece?, and
white he was in the crowd some thief used
a sharp knife and took both pocket and
twenr'es. He reported the matter to Cap
tain Dunieavy. hut the police have vety
little hopes of finding either pocket or
Money.
Captain Inman Sealby leaves on his last
voyage in the Coptic in a day or two. On
.the return of the vessel to San Francisco
Captain Rinder. who was here in the Bel
gic, will command her. Captain Sealby is
one of- the most popular masters in the
employ of the Occidental and Oriental
Company. He has been coming here since
1893 and was formerly first officer of the
Oceanic. The chances are he will take
command of one of the new steamers now
being built for the White Star line. Chief
Steward Gliddqn of the Coptic is going
back into the railroad business and his
place will be filled by Thomas Lilly.
The coast survey steamer Patterson will
leave for St. Michael on June 1. Captain
Pratt goes out in command and W. A.
O'Malley will he executive officer.
ART GALLERY ANNEX TO
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
MONEY FOR ENTERPRISE CON
TRIBUTED BY MR. SEARLES.
The Architect Estimates That the
Structure Will Cost Twenty-Six
Thousand Dollars.
No time will be lost in building the art
gallery annex of the Mark Hopkins In
stitute. It is now ascertained that the
sum of $26,000 will be required to construct
the gallery according to the accepted
plans. Yesterday Horace G. Plan, repre
senting Mr. Searles. made a payment to
the architect and directed that the work
should go on at once.
The artists have long desired a suitable
gallery, with proper light for the display
of their pictures. When the "long felt
want" was exhibited to Mr. Searles he
asked for estimates of the cost. At first
the modest sum of $15,000 was mentioned,
but when the architects and the artists
finished their calculations the figures of
cost were, Increased. Mr. Searles met each
advance in a generous spirit, but request
ed, just prior to his departure, that the
outlay be kept as near $25,000 as possible. ;
The Art Association, under me presi
dency of Joseph D. Grant, Is in a pros-]
perous condition. ,
_■ ♦ ■
Ocean *.7ater Tub Baths.
101 Seventh st., corner Mission. Salt water, |
direct from ocean. j
FULTON RESIGNS.
Will Leave Southern Pacific Employ
on May 1.
J. M. Fulton, master of transportation
and practically general manager of the
Nevada. California and Oregon Railroad,
has sent in his resignation to the Southern
Pacific and on the Ist of May will retire
to private life In order that he may give
his whole attention to his rapidly increas
ine private Interests.
Mr. Fulton has had the management of
the Nevada road ever since it has been
a Southern Pacific property and has man
aged it successfully. He has always
maintained his oflices at Reno, where
most of his own interests are centered.
His resignation, which has been accept
ed, will take effect on May l.
The Jockey Club Case.
Sergeant Helm was again on the stand
yesterday morning in the case of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club against Chief Lees
and his subordinates, and told his story
regarding gambling that occurred at the
track during the days of the police raids
and the arrests that followed. * Helm
testified that ho captured a ticket from
a man he heard call the amount he want
ed to bet and in short order the man and
ticket were captured. His testimony was
all on this line, nothing new being de
veloped. At noon the case was continued
till Monday morning.
■ ♦ »
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill, 309 Larkin.*
Norwegian Club's Officers.
At the last meeting of the Norwegian
Club Fram the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: P. O. Aune,
president; C. A. Anderson, first vice pres
ident; Charles Olsen, second vice presi
dent; Charles Selsbach, j treasurer; J.
Bernhoft, secretary. The club will cele
brate the 17th of May with an entertain
ment in Union Square Hall.
T^¥ You know that tilis daily drain is *
\>^Lk °I^WmW^^^^K^\ making a wreck of you. Even if you do f
\^ %vi Mll^l^^^^^i \\ not yet * eel its evil effects you have sense *
\liM^\\ i^^^E^L^^^W^^ enough to know that you have no strength %
IWw fr bMm/i Wi^f^^^^tlm^^ t0 ttirow way ' and, as you are losing it *
W^^J^^ft^y I^^^^B^bl^^' a " the time ' !t must be comin £ from %
Tig ~w ,ttmtW You can't afford to lose it. It Is coming 9
? from your nervous system, and as sure as you live that great institution will break down under the strain. How
$ beautiful life is to the young man with strong, healthy nerves I Ambition is evident in every glance of his bright eyes. %.
<% Courage, confidence, fearlessness is expressed , in every action. Men envy him women admire him. He is a man I $>
'*■ Come, brace up stop this loss now, and get back all your old-time vim. Show the world and the men in it *
* ' that you have the stuff in you. Bring it out. . For twenty years I have applied electricity in cases like yours, and *
7 I have been successful. 1 know how to use the great life force; that is why I cure. 10,000 men say I cured them. 2
% My success has led others to make electric belts, but no belt is of any real value unless the user understands it and J
]| gets the right instructions. That is why those belts sold in drugstores always fail. The druggist knows nothing of Its %>
* proper use, and would not try to help his patient if he did. He has drugs to sell, upon which he makes more money. 4
* My DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT is never sold in drugstores. €*
% / I have a book entitled "Three Classes of Men," which I will send to any young or old man who wants to stop %
% the drain upon his vitality and regain the power of manhood. I send it sealed free. A personal call is preferred.
t&~>- ,; y'-77 : 7-', . .jjL
%HP M A MoT ATTPWTTN 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco send for my book, T
Jf JLH\. All. A. IU'OJLAUUniJIII-) or 204« South Broadway. Los Angeles. "three CLASSES OF men," g*
T* Office Hours-8 A. M. to 8:30 P.M. Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. IT IS MAILED FREE, *?•
-••'--■■ y'77 4£.
HIRT'S DEATH
ACCOMPANIED
BY A MYSTERY
Thought to Have Died
of Consumption.
POISON FOUND IN THE BODY
DOUBTS AT HOSPITAL AUTOPSY
RESOLVED BY A CHEMIST.
Two Days in His Room ij?lrtly Un
conscious Before He Received
Medical Attention and Then
It Was Too Late.
.
There is a mystery about the death of
Bonifacius Hirt, who was sent from . the
What Cheer House to the County Hospital
| last Thursday and died there on the same
| day.
Hirt was a printer, 63 years old, and had
roomed at the What Cheer House for the
past year. Up to a week or two ago he
had been of shiftless and Intemperate
habits, but he suddenly became more
J careful of himself and remained by the
j stove in the offlce of the lodging house.
He had been suffering for a long time
with consumption, and appeared to grow
weaker and weaker every day. On Tues
day morning the bedmaker reported to
the clerk that the door of Hirt's room was
locked and that he had looked over tho
trantom and bad seen Hirt asleep.
The clerk decided not to disturb the old
man, and nothing more was seen of Hirt
until the next morning, Wednesday, when
the bedmaker had a similar experience.
The clerk and the bedmaker rapped loud
ly at the door, but received no reply. Then
they stood on a chair and called to Hirt.
He replied, "I'm all right," but they could
not induce him to get up and open the
door. Finally, after a half hour of hard
work, the key was poked out of the lock
and the door was opened.
Finding Hirt in a semi-unconscious con
dition tho clerk notified the Board of
Health that the man was dying and that
an ambulance should be sent to take him
to the City and County Hospital. The
clerk says that he received an answer to
the effect that the hospital was crowded
and that there was no room there for the
What Cheer House lodger. A second and
more urgent summons was sent to the
health offlce and on the following morning
the ambulance was sent and Hirt was
conveyed to the hospital. •
He died there on the same day, appa
rently of consumption, and an autopsy
was held by Dr. Tillman, who found, in
addition to the evidences of the disease, a
puncture in the gullet, which might have
been caused by a corrosive poison. Coro
ner Hill was notified of that fact and the
body was conveyed to the Morgue, where
the stomach was removed and handed to
Chemist Crackbon for analysis.
Yesterday morning Mr. Crackbon re
ported to Coroner Hill that he had found
\ carbolic acid in the stomach of the de
ceased in sufficient quantities to have
caused death. The What Cheer House
clerk said yesterday that no carbolic acid
or any trace of that or any other poison
was found in Hirt's room. The people at
the hospital seemed to be unaware that ■
Hirt had taken poison and ascribed his
partly comatose condition to the ravages
of consumption.
Coroner Hill will hold an inquest on the
case to-morrow morning.
Hirt was receiving a pension of $12 per
month from the Government, he having
enlisted in the Seventh New York Heavy !
Artillery on September 5, 1884. Before be
ing taken down with his last sickness he
worked on the German Demokrat. He
claimed to be the father-in-law of Cap
tain Spillane of the Police Department.
The deceased was buried yesterday by
the G. A. R.
■ ♦ ■
If your property ls mortgaged and you need
more money see H. Murphy, 630 Market. •
CONTRACTS PROVIDED FOR.
Supervisors Accept Bids and Make
Recommendations.
The Public Buildings Committee of the
Board of Supervisors met yesterday and
agreed to recommend the acceptance of
the bid of David G. Pierce, $33,850, for
building the new Mission police station.
The committtee will also recommend that
the bids for furnishing the Hall of Jus
tice be opened by the Board of Supervi
sors on Monday.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors met yesterday afternoon and
passed upon a large number of demands
on the treasury'- Expert Cyril Williams
reported to the committee that from in
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
ARE YOUR
KIDNEYSWEAK?
Have You Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
YOU ARE TAKING A TERRIBLE RISK.
To Prove for Yourself the Wonderful Merits of the Great
Kidney and Bladder Remedy, SWAMP-ROOT, Every
"Call" Reader May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Abso-
lutely Free by Mail.
Have you ever considered what neg- *
lecing your kidneys means?
Have you ever realized the terrible
risk you are taking?
Do you not pass on the streets, every
day, men and women whose counten-
ances show that the final stake is up
and the die being cast?
How may you know them?
By their pale, sallow, sunken or
bloated countenances, dull, lack-luster
eyes, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, slow, languid movements,
blotched, pimpled, unhealthy complex-
ions, and general appearance of weak-
ness and debility.
In addition to their outward appear-
ance, how do they feel themselves?
Weak, worn out, tired, languid, rest-
less, nervous, irritable and worried
. easily over trifles, feverish, chilly, short
j of breath, dizzy, irregular heart, rheu-
j matic, with pain or dull ache in the
' back, neuralgic, sleepless, generally de-
: bilitated and used up.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys cause
all these symptoms.
Your kidneys are the most important
organs of the body.
They work to keep you in health by
filtering out of you*, blood the poisons
and germs of disease.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, cures unhealthy kid-
neys, helps them to do their work, aids
them to filter and purify the blood, and
restores health to both men and women
in all cases of kidney and bladder dis-
vestigations made by him it appears that
the Spring Valley Water Company has
since 1593 been overpaid a total amount
of $8110 91 for water furnished Alamo
Square and Alta Plaza. The contention of
the water company is that water supplied
other squares was charged against Alamo
Square in order to avoid confusion in the
itemizing of bills. The committee took no
positive action, but. the majority of the
members were of the opinion that the
amount of. the alleged overcharge should
be deducted from the next bills presented
by the company. .■_.*.■:■■'.:
■ -
orders, lame back, dull pain or ache in
the back, gravel, catarrh of the bladder,
rheumatism, sciatica, nepralgia, uric
acid troubles and Bright's disease,
which is the worst form of neglected
kidney trouble.
Swamp-Root corrects inability to hold
| water and promptly overcomes that un-
i pleasant necessity of being compelled
I to go often during the day and to get
! up many times during the night.
Swamp-Root is the great medical
• triumph of the nineteenth century; dis-
; covered after years of untiring effort
1 and research by the eminent kidney
. and bladder specialist, Dr. Kilmer, and
can be purchased at any drugstore in
fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles,. Make
j a note of the name, SWAMP-ROOT,
; Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remem-
: ber it is prepared only by Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
You can test for yourself its wonder-
ful merits free by sending your address
j to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N.
V., upon receipt of which a sample bot-
tle, together with. a valuable book on
| the subject, will be mailed you, abso-
l utely free. This book contains some
| of the thousands upon thousands of
■ testimonial letters received from suf-
! ferers cured.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is so re-
! markably successful that our readers
J are advised to write for a free sample
j bottle, and to state that they read this
i generous offer in the San Francisco
I Sunday Call.
For the Sunday School.
"The Best Laid Plans," a charming
comedy In two acts, by Paul L. Ford, will
be given by an excellent amateur cast on
May 2 In the Sunday-ochool of the First
Unitarian Church.
In the cast will be Miss Gertrude
Church, Miss May M. Lowell. Miss Caro
line S. Ayers. Miss Henrietta Stadtmuller.
John E. Medan, E. Farquharson, Walter
A. Scott, Isaac O. Upham.
The proceeds of the entertainment will
go toward the Sunday-school fund.
910
BLUE AND " COLD OF BERKELEY WAVES IN TRIUMPH ON CINDER PATH AND IN DEBATE.
VICTORY FOR THE
BLUE AND GOLD
TRACK ATHLETES
Stanford Again Meets
Crushing Defeat.
BIG CROWD IN ATTENDANCE
AT ANNUAL INTERCOLLEGIATE
DAY AT BERKELEY.
Little* Enthusiasm Manifested Over
the Games, While the Cardinal
Gets the Ax Right in the
Neck.
Bitter was the medicine that the Uni
versity of California forced down the
throats of the Stanford athletes during
the past year. The annual football game
was the first acrid dose, then came the
baseball defeat and now as a climax to <
their athletic travail Stanford must bear
I rushing blow in the shape of a track
1 field knock-out.
The largest crowd that has ever gath
-3 for a field day in Berkeley saw the
heme team play with the visitors yester
day afternoon. California's victory did
depend so much upon the inherent
:ngth of her team as upon the inferior
lity of her opponent. Stanford was
lelessly weak in the field and to this
lue the great discrepancy in the' score,
Ich read 74 to 43 when the last event
; tabulated. On the track Stanford had
'airly strong team, especially in the
[-(-distance events. . .
here was nothing in this year's Inter
calate field and track battle to excite
;rest. It seemed a foregone conclusion
t California would come out •of the
lggle with glowing colors and no spe
animalion characterized the specta
s who filled the benches. Although
general result was no other than
it was anticipated, me surprises In
sprints and longed i stance events were
in store tor the Berkeley men. Not a
(le record was broken, yet a few of the
l-s proved exciting enough to force a
mentary throb in the breasts of the
s lpathetic spectators,
lie finals ot" the 100-yard dash and the
.-mile run were the .•are events. In
sprint race Simonds and woolsey,
resenting California, and Stewart and
11 from Stanford darted out together
the shot of the pistol. Down the
rse they came, making a single line
oss the track. About the 50-yard
-k the four began to separate. Simonds
Stewart forging ahead of their com
petitors. The race was between these two
and each man fought hard for first place.
It looked lor till the world as if a dead
heat would result, when Stewart, on his
last stride, broke the '.ape with a bound,
an Inch ahead of his blue and gold rival.
In the half-mile run Uie last lap brought
strange results. Moser of California took
the lead and Smith and Williams of
Stanford trailed him twice around the
track. Then me Warnick. another blue
and gold shirt. Th( pack followed far in
the rear. When the spurt began Moser
had a working lead, out Williams and
Smith and even Chadbourne, another car
dinal athlete, seemingly miles behind,
had speed enough eft 1., win a dozen
such races. In a spurt Williams burst
forward, pulling Smith with him. It was
the end of Moser and ■ arnick, both of
whom were pressed by « Had!.. .urn.-, who
was not even thought of. Williams won
the race with Smith a close second.
The best time was made in the mile, a
race in which no California man was a
possibility. Williams and Smith were on
their mettle, and they finished in a strong
Epurt In the very good time of 4:39 4-5.
The order of events was as follows:
100-yard dash— First. Stewart. Stanford; sec
ond. Simonds. California; third, Woolsey, Cali
fornia. Time, 10 2-5 seconds.
220-yard dash—First, Simonds, California; sec
ond, l'rall, Stanford; third, Stewart, Stanford.
Time, 23 4-5 seconds.
140-yard dash— First, Squires, California; sec
ond, Hinz, California; third, Birtch, Stanford
Time, 54 seconds.
Half-mile run— First, Williams, Stanford;
second. Smith, Stanford; third, Chadbourne
Stanford. Time, 2:05.
One-mile run— First, Smith. Stanford; second.
Williams. Stanford; third, Powell, California
Time, 4:33 4-5.
One-mile walk— First. Squires, California;
second, De Lashmutt, California; third Allen
California. Time, 7:42.
120-yard hurdle— First. Bakewell, California;
Strout, Stanford, and Hamlin. California, tied
for second place. Time, 16 1-5 seconds.
220-yard hurdle— First, Bakewell, California;
second, Strout, Stanford; third, Hamlin, Cali
fornia. Time, 2S 2-5 seconds.
Pole vault— First. Hoffman, California, height
10 feet fi inches: second. Murphy, Stanford*
third, Dole. Stanford.
Broad jump— First, Hussey, California, dis
tance 21 fppt 3 Inches; second. Broughton, Cali
fornia, distance 21 feet 1 inch; third, Hopper,
Stanford, distance 20 feet 1 inch.
High jump— First. Dole. Stanford, height 5
feet 8 inches; - second, Hoffman, California,
height 5 feet 7 inches; third, Woolsey, Cali
fornia, height 5 feet 6 inches.
Shot puti-First, Woolsey, California, distance
£3 feet in inches; second. Plaw, California, dis
J /^7yy77--yiW is ,he price of the DAINTIEST,
J^7j\k'^MW JAUNTIEST, most stylish little
*r>. Jf -.*!, '^iSfW wheel "that ever was." the No. 36
i^^^S^-^l^l^' Bicycle
***! " Th ° 20 " Ycar -° Whcei. '»
Th* should eaJiiy settle a choice between a Ram-
bler and any other wheel, of any sort I "NAME,
QUALITY, PRICE, are what count."
"YOU ARE INVITED TO CALL AND SEE RAMBLERS
WHETHER YCU INTEND TO BUY OR NOT
THOS. H. B. '~VJ±.JEU<Tttir,
RAMBLER BiCLORAMA,
MARKET AND TENTH STS. San Francisco.
OPEN WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY EVENINGS,
tance 36 feet 11 inches; third, Cairns, Stanford,
distance _*f feet 6 inches.
Hammer throw— First, Plaw, California, dis
tance 132 feet; second. Smith, California, dis
tance 123 feet; third, Griesberg, California, dis
tance 121 feet.
SUMMARY OF POINTS.
Event— Stanford. California.
100-yard dash 5 *
220-yard dash 4 5
440-yard dash ' 1 8
Half-mile run 9 0
Mile run 8 1
Mile walk 0 9
ISO-yard hurdle 2 7
220-yard hurdle 3 .6
Hammer throw 0 9
Shot put 1 8
High Jump 5 4
Broad Jump l 8
Pole vault 4 5
Totals 43 74
College Athletes in T heir Annual Games on the
Berkeley Track.
STANFORD WINS ON
THE TENNIS COURTS
CALIFORNIA DEFEATED IN THE
FIRST SERIES. x
Sam Hardy Takes His Brother's Meas
ure in Singles — Hunt Is an Easy-
Victor Over Spencer.
While Stanford was being hit hard on
the Berkeley track, the California tennis
representatives were receiving like treat
ment at the California courts. Stanford
rubbed California in the dust of the as
phalt yesterday morning and afternoon
in the first series of the annual intercol
legiate championship tournament.
A POPULAR DEMAND
FOR LIGHT EXTENSION
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS FAVOR
ATTRIDGE'S RESOLUTION.
Outside Districts Have Been Sadly ,
Neglected by the Old. Electric
Light Company.
Out of the twenty or more improvement
clubs in this city not one has been found
to oppose the resolution introduced by
Supervisor Attridge for the privilege of
granting to competitive light companies I
the right to erect poles upon which wires
may be strung with the view of giving to
the people in outside sections of the city ;
a cheap rate of illumination.
A good many of the clubs which have
held meetings during the week have with
out any exception passed resolutions fa- j
voring the stand taken by Supervisor At
tridge, and have requested his brother
city legislators to vote with him on the
measure in order that it may become a I
law. The Precita Valley Improvement j
Club, which held its meeting on last Fri- |
day night, passed a resolution favoring !
the scheme, that expression coming from
this old and well recognized club appeared
in yesterday's Call. A similar expression
was had at a previous meeting of the Fed
erated Mission Improvement Clubs, j
which body has delegates from all of the '
improvement clubs located in the Mission,
extending to Ocean View and the county ;
line. -
With the members of the clubs the pres
idents are united to a man, a few of
whom, when spoken to yesterday, simply
reiterated the sentiments of their clubs
thus:
George R. Fletcher, president of the
Point Lobos Improvement Club Why of
course I am in favor of the resolution in
troduced by Supervisor Attridge, and I
sincerely hope and trust that the other
members of the board will vote in ac
cordance with the views of .Supervisor
Attridge.
Dr. Charles V. Cross, president of the i
Western Addition Improvement Ciub— !
Quote me as being in favor of Supervisor
Attridge's resolution, and while I had not
an opportunity of bringing the matter be
fore the members of the club I know full
well the sentiments of each and all on
this subject as being favorable to its pas- '
sage. -
Louis H. Kohn, president of the board j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Three matches were played, two singles
and a double. In the singles Sam Hardy
of Stanford* beat his brother Sumner
Hardy of California, and Hunt of Califor
nia beat Spencer of. Stanford. In the
doubles Sam Hardy and Schneider of
Stanford defeated Sumner. Hardy and
Stone, representing the blue and gold.
Five sets were necessary to decide the
doubles. The first two sets went to Sam
Hardy and Schneider without any great
effort on their part. . Both the Hardys
were playing their customary careful
mo. volleying and placing with ac
curacy.
The next set went to the Californians
with a score of 6—2. This gave the blue
and gold team heart, and the fourth set
was attached, but not without a struggle.
The score read 6 — 4. With two sets each
the rival teams came back to the courts
after a short rest. The pace set by Sum
ner Hardy and Stone in their last two
sets began to tell, and the Stanford team
! of directors of the Polk Street Merchants'
I Association— for myself, and I am
1 more than sure, if I had an opportunity
: of consulting the other members of the
association, that one and all would favor
Supervisor Attridge's resolution.
Thomas B. Slevin, president of the Po
trero and Mission Improvement Clubßy
all means, I am in favor of the resolu
. tion introduced by Supervisor Att ridge.
Why shouldn't I? It will be the means
of getting electric lights extended to out
side sections of the city; just the very
i thing that we have been battling for in
our club for years. The resolution in
| troduced by Supervisor Attrtdge strikes
i the keynote. Such a resolution should
have been on the city law books long
ago.
Presidents of other improvement clubs
who favor Supervisor. Attridge's resolu
tion are: Mission and Five Mile House,
i Dr. Kmil N. Torello: Fairmount, Chris
Stader; West of Castro street. F. H. Qual
man; Sunset, Richard Keller; Sunny
side. Gustav Sclmee; Mission Business
Men's Association, L. A. Souc; Potrero,
John Barduhn; Holly Park, Thomas
O'Xeil. and San Francisco Improvement
Club, No. 1 South. Charles Milly.
Representing the labor associations, P.
H. McCarthy, president of the Builders'
and Trades Council, indorses the resolu
tion presented by Supervisor Attridge and
trusts in the honesty and good judgment
of the other Supervisors to carry it into
operation.
As a stronger indorsement of the senti- '■
i ments of the resolution, the improvement
club recently organized in South San
Francisco at its meeting last night, after
transacting other important business per
taining to the local wants of the district,
adopted the following resolution as the
sense of the club:
Whereas, Supervisor Attridge has introduced
a resolution before the Board of Supervisors
; having for its motive the object of granting
the privilege to persons and corporations the
i right to erect poles along the streets of the
city in what Is known as outside flre limits;
i therefore, be it
Resolved, That the San Francisco Improve
i ment Club No. 1 South in meeting assembled
I do most heartily indorse the said resolution
i and respectfully recommend its final passage
; by the members of the Board of Supervisors;
I and be It further
j Resolved. That we believe that the passage
of said ordinance is a necessity, and will tend
to the reduction of light rates to the citizen's
in general and the residents of this portion of
San Francisco In particular, and will give to
j the people the advantage of better' Illuminated
I streets the year round. <
As a 'conclusive indorsement from the
representatives of all the improvement
clubs embodying the large area of the
Mission district who have delegates in the
Mission Federation of- Improvement Clubs
the following resolution was unanimously
passed at the meeting of the federation
last night at the Fairmount Club:
Resolved, That we, the members of the Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs, at a
meeting held this 22d day of April, do most
cheerfully indorse the resolution Introduced by
Supervisor Attridge, whereby it is intended to
grant to the ' Mutual Electric Light Company
the privilege of erecting poles and wires in
districts lying outside of the so-called fire
limits, the object being to give to the people
an opportunity of getting a choice as between
a company having no opposition and one who
wishes to enter into competition for. the pur
pose of supplying light to the citizens at re
duced rates. Therefore, we recommend that
the Board of Supervisors vote for and pass the
resolution as introduced by Supervisor At
tridge, as it Is to the benefit and in the inter
est of the resident and property owners of out
lying sections of the city.
CONVICTS SENTENCED.
A Quartet of Burglars Sent to Prison
for Various Terms.
Louis Richard was sentenced to- five
years' imprisonment in San Quentin yes
terday for burglary. .A short time ago
while the convict was plying his trade, he
was caught in a room of the Western
Hotel. Lon Yuen San Sabg was sent to j
the same prison for a term of five years
for burglary. He entered the rooms of
Mary Gortes, at Pine and Taylor streets,
and was looting the premises when ar
rested.
Judge Dunne sentenced Joseph Monroe
to four years in San Quentin for burglary
and George Mason, to live years in San
Quentin for the same offense.
The sentencing of Cal Childs and John
Piggott, convicted of grand larceny, was
continued for one week.
At Glen Park.
Jack Symonds, the well-known con
versationalist, and Jacko, the gymnas
tic ape, will be the principal numbers
On to-day's bill at Glen Park. Dumas
and Dumount in black-faced* comedy,
Johnson and Durant in musical selec
tions, Campbell and Lee, the racehorse
sports, and the five St. Leons, the acro
batic wonders, will make up the bill at
Glen Park. A pigeon race will be one
of the attractions of the day. It. will
be a repetition of last Sunday's race
with many new birds added.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Joseph Durroux and Sidney;
A. Rackliffe Filed.
The will of- Joseph Durroux, who died
April 5, was filed for probate yesterday."
His ( state, which consists of personal
property, including stocks in the Spring
; Valley. Water Works and - .the Giant
recovering Its former activity won out
the match by a score of 6—3. The full
score was 6—3, 3—6, 2—6, 4—6, 6—3.
Hunt of California and Spencer of
Stanford then crossed rackets In singles.
The game was a listless one, devoid of in
terest to the spectators. Spencer se
cured one set. The first set went to Hunt,
7—5, the second was won with an easy
score, 6—2; the third set was appropriated
by the Stanford man, 9—7, and the fourth,
which gave the match to the blue and*
gold, was won 7—5. Both players were on
a par, which explains the closeness of the
score.
The match between Sam Hardy and
Sumner Hardy was the surprise of the
day. By agreement a five-set contest was
waived, best two out of three being sub
stituted in the place. The flrst set was
won by Sumner Hardy, 6—4, after some
very fine tennis by both players. The
next two sets were captured by Sam
Hardy without any difficulty. The cardi
nal representative smashed, drove,
volleyed and "bobbed" with an accuracy
and sureness that left his brother panting
in surprise. Sumner could not strike his
own pace, anrl before he realized what
had happened Brotner Sam had won the
match. The score was 4—6, 6—l, 6—2.
Powder Company, is devised in Its en
tirety to the testator's widow, Leonie
Durroux, who is named as executrix to
serve without bonds.
The will of Sidney A. Rackcliffe, who
died April IT. was also filed. The bequests
are as follows: To John Rackcliffe. a
brother, $10,000; to Charles J. Rackcliffe,
a brother, who resides in Missouri," ssooo;
to Clare Rackcliffe, a nephew, $1000, and
to Mrs. Mary Fraee, a friend, $5000, The
residue is devised to John Rackcliffe, who
is named as executor of the will.
NATIONAL GUARD.
Another Candidate Looms Up for Ad
jutant General— Talk of Officers
Who Are Dissatisfied.
Another week has passed and the Na
tional Guard of the State is no nearer re
organization than it was at the begin
i ning of the month. The muster rolls
; which were expected from the com
: panics that have expressed a willingness
1 to return to the service of the State have
j not yet been, forwarded to the proper of
| ficials.
A number of officers who have reported
are exceedingly anxious to ascertain who
will be adjutant general and major gen
eral. Some of these have declared that
if the men nominated for these positions
1 are not the kind who will advance the
interest of the citizen soldiery they will
throw up their commissions.
The latest candidate that has been
named for the office of adjutant general
is Lieutenant Colonel Duboce of the First
California Volunteers, now at Manila.
Captain A. J. Kelleher, regimental ad
jutant of the First California Volunteers,
I who held that position for many years
in the First Infantry, N. G. C, prior to
entering the volunteer service, is now on
1 his way back to this city.
Everything in the Naval Militia is
moving along smoothly. It is the only
branch of the National Guard that is
displaying any activity at this time.
Battalion orders will shortly be issued
j and a number of recommendations will
' be made. C. R. Allenger, a petty officer,
will be recommended for the position of
mate on the Marion; K. J. Lewis, pay
master's yeoman on the Pinta, will also
•be recommended for the position of mate.
I There are a number of applicants for the
position of chief cockswain on the Ma
rion. Lieutenant Shaw will preside at an
election to be. held in the. third division
to fill a vacancy created by the resigna
tion of Lieutenant Junior .Grade Morgan.
Lieutenant Hunt will preside at an elec
tion to lie held in the division at Santa
Barbara to fill a vacancy caused by the
resignation of Lieutenant Junior Grade
Squires.
Those men who served in the auxiliary
fleet during the Spanish-American war
are filing their claims for one month's
extra pay allowed them.
On the afternoon of Saturday, the 15th
inst., two boats left the Marion with a
; number of men to make a landing on An
i gel Island. The first/designated as. the
Pioneer, was under command of Lieuten
ant W. F. Burke, who had eighteen men,
and the other, which left about four hours
later, was the ship's sailing launch,
in which there were twenty men under
command of Lieutenant Harloe. A land
ing was effected at Chinese Camp on the
east shore of the island and tents were
pitched for the night. At daylight there i
was breakfast and the men were marched I
to a plateau, where, with a one-pounder i
they had brought with them, they had a i
drill in the artillery branch, as required
by the new tactics. In the afternoon, af
ter a lunch and a short rest, the two
boats sailed as far as Red Rock and then
returned to the city.
NEW SEWERAGE tLANS.
Engineers Will ■ Have to Rush Work
to Have Them Ready This Year.*
It begins to look as though San Fran
cisco was about to enter upon an era of
municipal improvements which are de
signed to place it on a par with the great
cities of the country. To-morrow night
the Board of Supervisors' is exnected to
appoint a commission to draught plans
for a sewerage system, and " Marsden
Manson and B. C. Grunsky will, from
present indications, be selected for this
important work. . Mr. Grunsky said-yes
terday that under normal circumstances
a year would be none too much time to
allow the engineers .." to prepare their
re-port, but in. view of the necessity of
holding the bond election during the
present year the report would have to be
ready by the Ist of October, in order. that
the Supervisors might have ample op
portunity to consider It before the people
were asked to vote upon the scheme.
He thought that this could be done by
rushing matters, and if the board decides
to employ . a sewerage commission work
on the plans will begin at once and be
rushed to completion. San Francisco is
advantageously situated for the construc
tion of a perfect system of drainage, but
still there are numerous obstacles- in the
way of grades and low lands to be over
. come. However, the problem is not re
garded as one of exceptional difficulty.
It will take several years to, place the
city in first class sanitary condition, but
the project now under consideration is
regarded as a step in the right direction.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission,
DEBATERS FROM
BERKELEY WIN
FROM STANFORD
Have Popular Side of
the Argument.
JUDGES ARE NOT UNANIMOUS
STANFORD'S STRONG PRESENTA
TION AGAINST RETENTION.
Believe the Occupation of the Philip
pines Is Against Democratic
Principles as Outlined in
the Declaration."
The University of California debaters
were declared victors last night in their
annual meeting with representatives of
Leland Stanford Junior University. The
subject of the argument was the
question uppermost in the minds of the
American people at the present time:
Resolved; That the retention of the
Philippines is contrary to the princi
ples , for . which this , Government
should" stand.
It was expressly provided that the
debate should be decided upon the
skill of the presentation of argument
more than on the merits of the con
troversy. Working along these lines
it was the general impression in the
audience that the honors would rest
with the young men from Stanford,
as their logical presentation of facts
was admitted to be much superior to
that of their opponents. Two of the
latter's representatives contented
themselves chiefly with ridiculing the
arguments of the opposition without
trying to controvert them. The judges
of the debate— E. W. Britt, Judge
James M. Seawell ' and William M.
Pierson— were divided in their opin
ions as to where the honors should go.
It was finally announced that the ma
jority cast their vote for the Univer
sity of California, while the remaining '
member of the committee favored the
Stanford men. They declined to dis
close the individual vote, but it was
surmised that the judicial mind of
Judge Seawell was not involuntarily
swayed by the question under debate.
The attendance indicated that exhi- .
bitions of brawn by the athletes rep
resenting the two great institutions of
learning were not the only affairs that .
attracted friends of the students.
* Metropolitan Hall was crowded to the
doors long before the debate opened,
and thus was paid mute tribute to the
highest objects of the universities. The
aisles of the hall were packed, al
though early in the evening police
barred the doors and denied admission
to hundreds of people. The patience
of the audience seemed inexhaustible,
as none left the building until the re
sult was announced.
The college yells, without which no
intercollegiate function would be com
plete, were given in a sharp, incisive
manner. The tempo seemed faster
than that heard on gridiron and cinder
path, the organized shouters apparent
ly being under better control of their
leaders. The ax which has played so
prominent a part in the affairs of the
colleges was the subject of much good
natured chaffing between the students.
President David Starr Jordan and
President Martin Kellogg attended the
debate together and watched with in
terest the struggles of the debaters.
The University of California men
were particularly jubilant, as in the
afternoon their athletes had scored a
decisive victory over the Cardinal, who
had to find solace in their win of the
tennis championship, about the only
thing they save,] out of the wreck.
The debaters were: For the affirma
tive—John Springer, James Ferguson
and Anthony Suzzallo of Leland Stan
ford Jr. University. For the negative—
W. M. Martin. C. M. Warner and I.
Golden of the University of California.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley pre
sided over the meeting and Introduced
the speakers. John Springer of Stan
ford opened the debate. He held the
question before the Government at
the present time to be whether in
retaining the Philippines it is violating
any of the principles for which it
should stand. This Government, he
said, should stand for democratic
principles as they are laid down in the
Declaration of Independence, which
says that all men are. created equal
and are entitled to life, liberty and the
pursuit of happiness. The speaker
contended that the democratic princi
ples apply to the people of this country
now as strongly as they did in IT.*;,
when that great document was framed.
At that time the Americans were the
weaker people struggling for liberty
and he likened them to the Filipinos
of the present day. lie did not think it
the duty •of democracy to invent : a
new _ government and 'then go cruis
ing around the world forcing that
governnment upon unwilling people.
To perform this alleged duty in the
Philippines will require a vast army.
He thought it better to bring back
these soldiers and make of them men
and not military machinery. . This
country was the first to adopt dem
ocratic principles and one* by one the
■ others have followed until nearly all
the world believes In them. Thesedem
ocratic principles apply to all people,
whether they be white or black or
brown.
In conclusion the speaker reiterated
his statement that it was no part of
democracy to force a government
upon unwilling people
W. M. Martin was the first speaker
for the University of California. He
dwelt on the dangers of jingoism and
said ■ the retention of the Philippines
was believed in by big men who never
stood for radicalism or jingoism. He
said the responsibility of the United
States in the islands should be re
membered. He pictured the position In
which Dewey was nlaced last April,
when he found himself in Hongkong
harbor and had either to fight the
Spaniards or slink home across the
' Pacific. After the battle of Manila,
in which he was victorious, the army
■ j of occupation became a necessity. The
speaker contended chat this republic
is not fighting for -glory; but for the
preservation of law and . order. The
Philippines came into its possession
because of a war. which was • waged
for humanity and justice. To\argue
that the United States should with
draw now is to urge the Government
to shirk the duties which belong to it
It is a duty to the Philippines, to
civilization and to ourselves. To sur
: render the islands to the natives would
: be. absurd, he declared, as they are
not fitted to maintain a government
• and could not organize. one. It would
not- do to hand them over; to the in
surgents, who are in a minority, nor
can they be handed over to any other
nation, as this would incur the- hos
tility of nations not participating. it
• was. incompatible with honor to take
any course except retention. If we
withdraw the nations will say we are
too weak or -too corrupt to rule the
islands. * -
James "Ferguson, for Stanford Uni
versity, claimed the previous speaker
had not considered conditions as they
exist but had argued on conditions as
they -were before "the war. He said
they were attempting, to govern with
out the consent of the governed He
thought the best policy was that of
helping the new nation, the motto
being, "Hands off and walk alone "
The succeeding speakers for each
side enlarged upon the ideas .outlined
by their leaders. The decision of the
judges in favor of the University of
California was received with such
demonstrations of joy as marked the
winning of the. football game last
Thanksgiving day.
Harvester King ■ Binders and Headers
Hooker & Co., 'San Francisco. •*'
A GOOD TIME PROMISED.
St. Francis Church Will Hold Its An
nual Outing at Shell Mound Park
on Monday Week.
The members of St. Francis Church pro
pose that their annual picnic, which is to
be held next Monday week at Shell
Mound Park, shall eclipse* any outing that
has ever yet. been held under their aus
pices. The committee in charge have ar
ranged a programme of festivities that
will please every one. There are to be
twenty-five athletic events, for each of
which a suitable prize will be given, and j
the committee has also arranged for an i
attractive list of gate premiums. The fol- j
lowing compose the committee: M. J. i
Hodge, chairman; A. Connich. secretary;
games— Murry, Charles Sheble, S. Sul- !
livan, L. Faure, P. Crowley and Al Mc
lntyre; prizes— M. Hodge, J. Callahan, '
William Donavon, F. Antunovich and D. ]
Hennessy; printing— Joseph - Murphy, P. i
Quirk Jr. and James McNulty; music— i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fßgMßßMßßmßßmmimmaaßmßaßmmmmWßmwmummmwmmmmwßm i mapaa__Bg— —
DR. MEYERS & CO.'S TREATMENT
Strengthens Men, Adds Years to Life,
Renews Vitality, Gives New Energy,
Restores Lost Vigor, Makes Men Robust,
Cures Nervous Debility, Induces Sleep,
And Cures All Contracted Ailments.
' A SUCCESSOR MORE THaHgHTEEn" YEARS.
Dr. Meyers & Co. not only claim to cure, but they back their statement
in a way that should convince the most skeptical.
THEIR OEEER:
"We have such faith in our ability that we will let patients deposit the price of
a cure in any bank or with any responsible business house or newspaper in San
Francisco, to be paid io us only when cure is made. If preferred, we will accept
monthly installments. (Signed), DR. MEYERS & CO."
If you cannot call, write. Thousands cured at home annually. Particu-
lars, free advice and copy of Private Counselor for Men, and Marriage
Guide, sent sealed on application.
DR. MEYERS <$ CO.
Largest, Best Equipped Medical Institution
and Most Extensive Practice in America,
7*o i Market Street, \ elevator r Hours-s to 5 Daily.
*J>l San Francisco. 1 ENTRANCE. | iEffl^A'i j
Tl — HMMIMif ■■IJIHIIMIBITTfTIIIMIIIBir j
I BICYCLES
|$4-0 and j
ILEAVIT'T& BILL, I
I LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin St. jj
Wheels sold on installment}.
J& Old wheels takes in exchange. •
Sljj ■» » The pecuji'ff
afio-Kios3.
_fa 81 1 S •*■ *-& 8 1 1 men mu,t
ft^lfllfi-l.¥ IL^UEI-O kept vigorous
THE HOWE REMEDY „ a " d T ? * u '-"5;
for TEM3ALE COMPLAINTS
wr««f. Fcr all these i ins. irrcgul»ritie3 and difficulties no
remedy on earth E«si'y applied by lady her-
cqua _ '._-.. fatr.ous«-> tis KJU self. Kelleves oil pain
«_*WstSl>* '," \«*omb or Ovaries In 10 minutes.
Promptly 1 elicves Head *che, Nausea, Blood and
HB*§SjB| Madder Troubles, Kaintness, Nervousness, Fear
Sir^SS and I'.-^.pi .nirti; y. Cures l.e-.u-nrrhiea, Wor ...
SBkl___. ___■ Complaints, Displacements, Backache, Efr.lnj
!^_^^" w " P"'" 3 an( l all Fcm:ile Disorder!,
/yJfC ' Soreness and t'lrer;:tinn«^3p^
1 IjS^^iOfCheers the spirits and VlteMzr lv J
, / "'*'- .a' = — ' the " '■'■' " frame. S:in *- Kuic 4,, T?*_te7
Absolutely Harn-.loss. One 50 c-nt bos will > *i»*'
complets -i cure in ordinary cases.
"Ti'i A! I Pflty s «"> BY ALL DRUGGISTS,
J* *•' ** ''I- 1- I Hill or .mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
111 "*y Jr.*J'ThePerreetoCo.Cax<onnMe.fhle:*o
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
Q visit OR. JORDAN'S «—
•figfal Museum of Anatomy
J *^I]L 1051 SIAE2ST ST. tot. Cii & 7ti, S.F. CaL
& ' « M The Largest of its kind in the World.
\ *f^^ % DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Hi <J»W« ft- Connultation fr*e. Wrlto for Book.
•vi j ! -^Philosophy of Marriage.
ADWAVS'S KKADV RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Bon Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis,. Pneumonia, . Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pains.. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Tains. All druggiaU,-
! John .J. Brasher, E. Lickell and Charles
Adams. .___»■ _
El Campo.
The remodeled pavilion attracted a gay
throng" last Sunday. To-day the music
will be of a superior order and the four
trips of the big ferry steamer Ukiah ren
der crowding en route impossible. *«
feet order is preserved on board and the
rough element, excluded. The place is
now in its tenth year as a family picnic
resort and is as popular as ever.
__- . ♦ «
McCue's Slayer Sentenced.
SAN ANDREAS, April *.-tienry
Movie convicted of murder in the sec
ond' degree on March 18 for the killing:
of Frank McCue of Angels Camp was
brought before Judge Gottschalk in the
Superior Court to-day and sentenced to
thirty-five years in San Quentin. A stay
of proceedings for thirty days was
granted. ;■ , .
I Eastman Ko<kk Cc.'s Latest Products.
No. 2 Folding Pocket Kodak-
PICTURE . 3> : x3i,. PRICE $15. ,
No. 4 Panorama Kodak—
PICTURE 3' 2 x12. PRICE »20.
'■ And always a complete stock of cameras and
i photo supplies. Well-known goods only.
OPTICIANS nT >r^PHIC U5.
r»n a KH O TO j7 SCIENTIFIC *<
642 Market St. instruments
. *- unotß cnofiiCLt BuiiDiMi. "•*--»-:
■-•TAXES-- 18
THE SECOND INSTALLMENT OF REAL
Estate Taxes will be delinquent April 24, at
6 p. m.. after which 5 per cent will ba added.
The cf flee * 111 be open from 7 to » p. m.
on April 22.
SATURDAY. April 15. positively last day of
receiving checks.
ED. I. SHEEHAN.
San Francisco, . April 6, 1599.
| ||??|||DH. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
{___-□ B____S Five hundred reward for any
a -yv mm M case we cannot cure. This secret
nL-m i '■___ remedy stops all losses In 24
RSI OtSi hours > cures Emissions. Impo-
f_l_n< _7i]|S tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
l»»*J ffiWl Gleet - Fi ta. Strictures. Lost
g*^_Jjpft£J Manhood and all wasting effect*
; — :'~ — -— . °' self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. »2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed ta
cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTI -
T V TE J ,_^., adway - Oakland Cal Also for
•*'• *» l<tt»H Market St.. S. F. All private di^
eases quickly cured. Send for free book.
PES EF 3 t?§\ AC'S Infallible Pll .
Bfl i *&. Cure! Cures all cases of
w U IfO blind. bleeding. Itching, ■
|| IP B^ protruding piles. Cases of
3 __L_l__.»__l years' standing cured by
" "^ mm single 50c box.
A. KcBOYLE & CO., Druggists,
■ 504 Washington Street, San Francisco.
1 RUTTCUT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
I^nUOIIJuO "s. bcctblacks. bath-
houses, billiard tables.
j brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanners.
j dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
! bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS..
: Brush Manufacturers. .609 Sacraments 3S
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD Jk
I CO. European plan. Rooms, -50c to $1 50 day;
| $5 to $8 week; JS to $30 month. Free baths; hot
I and cold water every room; fire gratea la every,
- room; elevator runs all night.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Avoid Spring Fever
General Debility, Malaria, Wasting Diseases
TRY
§ TOLD FAMOUS IV g jjj 1 ,
_4IMARIANII
f^ yy^J v»msmmmmmm.^i^KMm^m^mmmami^mmmmmaamm.^mmimimammmmmtmm
y£t~Z A MARIANI WINE. JONIG.
\^**?7Fy Endorsed and used by king and cottager ; the i
clergy,.! a artists and athletes. Write to
Marian A Co., 52 W. loth St., New York, for book of endorse-
men:-, portraits, etc., free.
Sold by Druggists Everywhere. Avoid Substitutes. Beware of Imitations
COUNTERFEIT CIGAR '
STAMPS COMING IN
v T )EALERS DELIVERING THEM to
'.HE OFFICERS.
tern Crooks Under Arrest They
Had Photographed From Orig-
inals and Etched the Plates
in Artistic Style.
Special Revenue Agent Thomas contin-
ue! his search yesterday for counterfeit
cigar stamps on goods - sued from Fac-
tory 3741 of the Ninth District of Pennsyl- j
vania. Several dealers who had read in i
The Call or" yesterday an account of the
capture of Taylor and Bred I in Philadel- >
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR, j
New Hofl. elecantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable. Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Fh\ slclan In attendance: superb climate:
l»au;i:ul mountain scenery: trout, deer and
Fniall Fame plentiful: magnificent drives:
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francises
Mb Hopland. SS: via Callstoca. $!>.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week.
Tike P F & V P. Railway to Hopland. or
i ? P R. R. to Calistoga For Illustrated _para-
\ phlet or further information address J. CRAIt*.
Highland Springs. L<\ke County,. Cat, or gee
L I' CRAIG, 31S Mftntsrnery st.
Hirhland Spring* Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts.. Oakland. .„..,.„_.
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWTNKEL
£M Pest st.. San -- ,- leeo.
Take Advantage
OS th.- Round-Trip
Tickets to
Hotel del Coronado.
Vow only $60 by steamer, including 15
days* board at hotel; if longer. $2 oO a
■"•'- : *--
Apply 1 New Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
VICHY spring!
THREE MIL€S FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cino County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only xAncp In the world of
thi" Class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
f-ath tub=. Lovely grounds, fishing and bunting.
rrvstal Spring* Accommodations and table
first-class;; J A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
SEICLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thi" delightful watering nee Is located ln
the ttldM.'al the Coast Range. . t\ :_ v.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and c.V.d
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fin'- «tone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
JHOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for tbe Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also ln new cottages, Just
completed.
MRS. Pi. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERE.
THE 'OVA RETREAT irSS mtt "
Mineral water: fine hunting;; finest climate
In <"allfornia* magnificent location; plenty of
cgs* milk and fruit: summer boarders ac-
commodated at reasonable rates; good cheer
and home comforts; good board with all th*
delicacies of the season. For terms, address
MRS. PORTER T. MCABODY. P. O. box 87.
<*:iro>v : ■
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed: fine fishing an- hunting; stage dally
from Calistoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring,
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY, Proprietor.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
homelike manner, vith one of the best
tables ln the county: SlO to *12 per week. Round
trip J9 50 .-' F. and N. P. to ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J Wll. ON. Bertha, Lake
Cou nty, Cal. ; .
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from ii pland. Unequaled soda and |
magnesia springs; bathe; furnished cottages, j
VI through tickets. Send |
tor circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
»IA CALIENTE SPRING []
Sonoma Valley, two hours from 6. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bell.. Rates $10 to :
ivy per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call- i
ente Springs, Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co., Cal.' |
phia and tin- description given of the !
stamp counterfeited by them notified
Agent Thomas that they had some of the
cigars and were ready to surrender them, j
At the close of the day's work Mr. Thor-
n: as had added 120,000 cigars to the 28,000 !
seized on the previous day.
The three brands most numerous among '
the confiscated articles are "Charming.
"Romantics." and "Our Victory." It is be-
lieved that there are tJO.ooO more scattered
through this State and that they will
have been turned over to the revenue offi-
cers before the end of the week.
The cigars in boxes bearing the counter-
fell stamp will be confiscated and sold by
auction to the highest bidder. The deal-
ers and handlers of the goods have been
exonerated from blame in the matter, as
the engraving and scroll work would de-
ceive any one unless he were an expert; It
is believed to be the first case on record
I in winch a cigar stamp has been counter-
' felted. The counterfeits have been made
beyond doubt by photographing the orig-
-1 inal on a prepared plate and etching it.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
f Sonoma County: only 4'» hours from San j
Francisco and but 9 miles' staging; waters
i noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
I In State: swinging and boating; grand moun-
I tain scenery; ™)d trout streams at door; pho-
! tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
! mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
I STAGE SERVICE: morning and afternoon
I stages: round trip from San Francisco only
I $3 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30
'p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
| erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un- '
i precedented. J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor
Worrying in San Francisco
costs more than resting at
, JE na Springs.
? trains dally— 7:3o a. m., 4 p. m. Round trip.
17. Includes private-carriage to Springs. W. L.
Mitchell, Mgr., Aetna Springs, Napa Co., Cal. .
OPENS /WAY Ist.
ROVVARDENNAN,
Santa Cruz Mountains of San Lorenzo River,
2Mt hours from S. I" ; (0 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electricity: ten-
nis, bowling, boating, bathing, fishing and golf ;
links; elegant hall and dining room: club, bil- ,
liard and smoking rooms; new hard-finished |
i and elegantly furnished: telephone. OPENS
MAY I: round trip. $3. Address W. E. VEA-
/.ik. Lessee. South Ben Lomond.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Th» Best In the W/orld.
HOTEL COTTAGES and GROUNDS light- j
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year I
round Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic. j
! All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
' of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly- !
sis Skin Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone,
i Terms. $10 to $18 per week. Daily stage from
j Calistoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop. _
HOTEL CAPITOLA, By the Sea,
CAPITOLA. Cal. CHANGE OP MANAGE-
MENT—MR. FRANK M. SMITH, formerly of
the Occidental Hotel. sun Francisco, <" a i.. and
the Hotel Metropole. Catalina Island, will as- ;
sume the management of Hotel Capltola this
' season. The hotel will be conducted strictly |
first-class. The cuisine and service will be per-
fect Prices reasonable. For terms and Infor- !
mation address FRANK M SMITH. Hotel
Capltola, Capltola. Cal.
KAMI) L SODA SPRING*"**.
J. R. Morris. Prop.. Napa County, Cal. Sure
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs arc located in Napa County, 20 miles
■ east of St- Helena. The water Ib bottled at
•the springs and contains its own natural gas.
' Stage leaves St. Helena.'
LAUREL DEL
LAKE And HOTEL.
climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
In Lake Co.; gas indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD,
HOITT'S,
MENLO PARK, SAN MATEO CO ONE
hour from San Francisco. Ten daily trains
i each way. Open to guests during June and
July. Address IRA Q. HOITT.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R, the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address H. O. MAR-
TIN. ("amp Taylor. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors. .
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE I
I In the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount |
Veeder, 8100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim- ■
i ming, hunting, Ashing. Terms. $6 to $10 per
week. Bend for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT, Oakvllle, Napa County. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. BHELKORD, Cloverdale, C \
Free carriage.' 
| PARK HOUSE and cottages at "Ben Lomond, ! ,
10 miles from Santa Cruz, with unsurpassed i
§ cllma|e, presents the best to be had as a M
summer resort: best drives in the State, i
special rates to families; charges very mod- . \
crate. T. ll', PETERSON. Hen Lomond. Cal. i
EDGEMONT Delightful boarding place in i '
1 Santa Cruz Mountains; fine accommodations;
•'* lively neighborhood; dally mail: long distance '
j phone. I'atchln P. 0.. Santa Clara Co., ('al. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
FOUR THOUSAND TIMES HE
DROVE THE PAUPER HEARSE
EDWARD 11 ANNAN, the "Morgue
man" of the Almshouse, Is no
more. Friday at 3:15 p. m. he
passed away an<J his attenuated
old body lies In the cheerless Alms
house morgue, where for the last six
teen years nearly 4000 bodies have
found a temporary resting place at
tended by the kind offices of "Old
Ned."
The city will not be called upon to
bury the "Morgue man." The offi
cials of the Almshouse have raised
a purse among . themselves and will
see that all that is left of old Edward
Hannan reposes in consecrated
ground.
Edward Hannan's life as far as is
known by the Almshouse officials was
not an overinteresting one, save for
one point, which was the turning one
in his career. A wealthy contractor
VETERANS OF G. A. R.
GOING TO SAN DIEGO
CHARTER OF A SPECIAL CAR AT
TACHED TO THE OWL TRAIN.
Many Passengers Will Go by Water.
Gossip Concerning Department
Commander.
The Department encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic to be held
in San Diego the flrst week in May next
will be attended by many representatives ■
of the order from San Francisco, Oak- ;
land, Sacramento, San Jose, Stockton and
Fresno. It was at first supposed thai the
attendance from Northern and Centra]
California would be light, owing: to the
long distance to be journeyed, but as the
time approaches for the encampment to
meet the number signifying a desire to
tend Increases.
In addition to the passengers booked for
the steamer, many will go by rail. The
rate by rail is full fare going to San
Diego and one-third of the regular fare
for the return trip.
A party of veterans, accompanied by
ladies, will leave San Francisco next Sat
urday afternoon on a special car attached
to the "Owl." It is calculated that the
full fare for the outing trip will entitle
the ticket holders to the privileges of the
"Owl" train one way.
Sol Cahen. the department commander,
accompanied by Colonel C. 'I*. Masteller
and Major J. H. Simpson of his staff. is
in the southern region of the State, visit
ing the Grand Army posts and following
a schedule that will land him in San
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WAS BALDHEADED
Bald Twenty-Five Years But Has Now Recovered
His Hair.
Remarkable Effects From the Foso Method of
Curing Baldness.
MR. J. "W. COI/lANR.
Mr. J. W. Collins, a well known and highly
esteemed citizen of Dayton, Ky., has regained
1. y hair after passing a generation of bald-
• _-sb. His scalp was perfectly smooth, entirely
levoid of hair and In the condition which most
people believe to be utterly incurable. He had
tried various scalp treatments and remedies, but
all to no purpose, and his last effort with the
well known l-'oso treatment was begun wllh
but little faith. The results, however, were so
much greater than he had anticipated and came
so Quickly and with such substantial proof that
Mr. Collins is very much elated. He now has
an entire new growth of hair of natural color
and vigor and. Is very much pleased to give
who had employed Hannan in the ca
pacity of laborer for a long term of
years defrauded him of all his accu
mulated savings and the poor old man,
penniless and heartbroken, sought the
protection of the city and was turned
oevr to the tender mercies of the
"poorhoust ."
The Almshouse record shows that
Edward Hannan was first registered
as a ward of the city in 1865. He,
however, remained in the institution
but for a very brief time, when he
went out once more to battle with the
world. He again sought the shelter
Diego on Saturday evening next. There
Is considerable gossip concerning Com
mander Cahen's successor. Several can
didates are in the field, with chances in
favor of the election of Captain Dill of
San Diego.
A beautiful $50 Rosewood "Ideal"' Con
cert Guitar can be had at Mauvais'. 769
Market st., for $27 50, for two days only. *
Examinations Postponed.
it was the intention of the Commission
ers of the State Supreme Court to hold
an examination to-morrow of those who
have made application to practice in the
courts of California. Owing to the recent
death of Commissioner E. J. Pringle and
the funeral taking place to-morrow from
St. Paul's Church. Oakland, the examina
tion has been postponed until the next
day. Tuesday. April 36. The examining
board consisted of Commissioners Haynes,
Britt. Chapman,* -Pringle and Gray, but
Judge Pringle never had the opportunity
to sit on the board. He was appointed
last February.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint:
sample bottle 25c. Pegamoid, 83 Chronicle bids.'
Columbia Council.
On the night of Tuesday. May 2. Colum
bia Council of the Young Men's Institute
will give an entertainment and ball in
Pioneer Hall, and for this event the social
committee has presented a programme
that will prove most pleasing to all who
that evening will be the guests of this
council.
New Manufacturing Company.
The California Manufacturing Campany
Incorporated yesterday with a capital
stock of 150,000. The directors are F. A.
Sheldon, Paul Domschl, L. B. Wright, G.
11. Borland and T. J. Stanton.
the facts such wide publicity that other bald
headed people may profit by his experiment.
It Is difficult to make bald heads believe that
there is a remedy which actually makes the
hair grow, and Mr. Collins' experience will
■doubtless give a great many others courage to
use this wonderful treatment and thus over-
come their baldness. . 7' • .- - . 7 •~~'''-y "v\
The remedy also cures Itching and dandruff,
sure signs of approaching baldness, and It also
restores gray hair to natural color and pro-
duces thick" and lustrous eyebrows and eye-
lashes. By sending your name and address to
the Altenheim Medical Dispensary, 788 Selves
building. Cincinnati, 0., they will mall you
prepaid a free trial of their remarkable remedy.*
of the city's home for the poor and
friendless on the 7th of May, 18S3, and
remained there continuously until the
day of his death.
Hannan's Almshouse record is one
long tale of duties faithfully per
formed, courteous. treatment to all and
profound appreciation for the many
little acts of kindness shown him. He
•was wonderfully industrious— un
usual trait for inmates of the Alms
house—and delighted in making him
self useful. He seemed especially
adapted to care for the dead and over
3000 bodies were by him. prepared for
their last long sleep.
The. Almshouse officials, in speak
ing of "old Ned," have only the kind
est and the best to say of him, all
illustrative of his genial disposition
and unusual industry. A death al
ways found him ready for duty and
no matter how late the hour and cold
the night Ned would shuffle into his
clothes and proceed to perform the
last sad rites for his erstwhile fellow
sufferer. Hannan only had one fault
—otherwise he would not have been of
this world and certainly never would
have come to the poorhouse — he liked
the black bottle and now and then fell
by the roadside. His lapses from
strict sobriety, however, were but few
and far between, and when he was
"under the Influence" he was mild
and inoffensive.
Hannan was a native of Ireland, 81
years of age, and single. The cause
of death was old age. The burial will
take place on Monday and the remains
of the "Morgue man" will be laid to
eternal rest in the Catholic burying
ground.
HOT SHOT FIRED AT
GOVERNOR H. T. GAGE
WAS ROASTED FOR KILLING THE
PURE FOODS BILL.
J. W. Kerr Says That the Executive
Destroyed the Measure That
Men of Brains Created.
At a meeting of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association on Friday J. W.
Kerr, chairman of the pure foods commit
tee, presented a report that has not been
equaled for a long time. In very pointed
language he gave Governor Gage one of
the worst roastings for killing the pure
foods bill that an executive ever experi
enced in the history of the State. Mr.
Kerr called attention to the efforts of the
association, the Board of Health and a
number of other commercial bodies, to
say nothing of the efforts of individual
citizens, to secure the passage and ob
servance of laws that would protect the
manufacturer and consumer *r>f the prod
ucts of the State from the Injuries worked
by the unprincipled persons who adul
terate every food product they can han
dle. After all of these efforts what was
considered to be a just law was framed
and passed by the Legislature, and went
to the Governor for his signature. The
bill died In that official's pocket, and of |
this Mr. Kerr says:
"I did not believe that a man could ever
be found In the position of Governor of
the State of California who would refuse'
i to approve such a measure. Neverthe-
I less, no stone was left unturned ln dis
j charging our duty, and we confidently
| awaited the result, only to be doomed to
' disappointment by what would seem to
: be an unreasoning and arbitrary exercise
1 of authority. * * * * That bill originat
ed from a convention of representative
men from every part of the State. It pro
; posed to deal with conditions which have
; been recognized as great evils by other
States of this Union and by the most ad
[ vanced nations of the world. It was not
! the child of darkness in regard to which
i any one could plead lack of knowledge.
' This association, through its officers, had
1 for three years openly and fairly agitated
i this question until every citizen of the
. State knew of the pure food movement
and Its purpose. •
"The people had responded to the cry
of our farmers for help and their repre
sentatives had approved the demand for
protection. One man has undertaken to
| set aside all their demands, to render void
your work of years. The question of
: State economy could not have entered
' Into the question, for the same hand
which withheld approval of this work
signed the appropriation for a Governor's
mansion, Involving an expenditure of
three times the amount called for in the
pure food bill, and certainly If times were
pressing the Governors of California could
have Stayed out of doors a little longer
without any detriment to themselves or
to the interests of the State. Under the
present circumstances the striking down
of this effort on the. lines of commercial
honesty and good business morals looks
like an arbitrary and unwarranted exer
cise of authority. * * *
"It is with mingled feelings of indigna
tion and regret that I have to report that
the years of unselfish work and expendi
ture of money on the part of this asso
ciation, the desire of the people and the
favorable action of the Legislature should
all have failed at that very point where
we had a right to expect thoughtful, con
siderate and public-spirited action."
Mr. J. A. Farmer,
Of late with Rosenthal Bros., begs leave
to announce to his many friends and
patrons that he Is now connected with
Koenlg's shoe store, 123 Kearny street,
where he will be pleased to serve them
with the same conscientious treatment as
formerly. •
League of the Cross Drill.
The League of the Cross Cadets will ;
hold their annual competitive drill in the j
Mechanics' Pavilion on Friday evening.
May 19. This will be the fifth year that
the cadet regiment has held such an
event, the four former contests being for
the Montgomery trophy. The companies
will begin a competition this year for a
new trophy presented by the board of
officers. . ;- : ~ .-,■;
H. Murphy, 630 Market street, lends money
on second mortgages and estates. •
Reception and Tea.
The managers of the Protestant Epis
copal Old Ladies'. Home will give for the
benefit of the Institution a reception and
tea at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. John
I. Sabin, 2828 California street, on Friday
April 28, 1899, from 2 to 6 p. m. and from
8 to 11 p. m. * :-"■•-.■_■. - • '■
' . Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan,' 1017-1023 Mission.
DIVINE HEALER.
HUNDREDS OF
SDFFEBERS
RESTORED
Remarkable Results of the Work
of Healer Francis
Truth.
Testimonials of Gratitude and Joy
From Many Out-of-Town Pa-
tients. Received Daily.
STRANGE VICTORIES OVER DIS-
EASE.
The Lame Made to Walk, the Deaf to Hear
and Blind to See — Female Weakness
and Rheumatism Absolutely Cured
at 440 Geary Street, San
Francisco.
A reporter's visit to the office of
Healer Truth, at 440 Geary street, yes-
terday, was prolific of interesting ex-
periences and served to show to an as-
tonishing degree the work now being
performed by that healer in this city
and elsewhere.
Over 3000 patients are now undergo-
ing treatment at Healer Truth's hands,
and still the number is increasing
daily. People who have been deformed
nearly all of their lives and who were
obliged to go on crutches; others wear-
ing cumbersome trusses, and still oth-
ers who were brought in on litters,
were made whole after a few visits and
recovered the full use of their limbs.
It is intended in this article to refer in
detail to several of the more important
cures effected by this remarkable
healer.
N. S. Hawley of Greenfield, Mass.,
who came to California suffering from
a kidney and bladder trouble of ten
years' standing, Was relieved almost
instantaneously by Healer Truth, and
is now thoroughly recovered.
Mrs. Mary P. Thompson of Detroit,
Mich., met with an accident while
traveling some years ago and received
injuries which developed into a cancer
of the womb. Hearing of Healer
Truth's remarkable work here, she
came to San Francisco and consulted
him. She decided to undergo treat-
ment, and in a few weeks' time she was
enabled to return home completely re-
stored to her former good health and
spirits.
Mrs- Mary Millorn, 441 Geary street,
was for years a sufferer from chronic
headache, which caused her endless
agony. This trouble was the result of
female disorders. After taking a few-
treatments every vestige of her trouble
permanently disappeared.
At a distance Healer Truth has per-
formed some remarkable cures. A few
of these are given below, the initials
only being used. For fuller details con-
cerning these, inquiries are directed to
Healer Truth, who is not at liberty to
publish or cause to be published the
full names and addresses of his pa-
tients.
Mrs. M. McM.' of Tesla,. CaL, writes
j that she is improving greatly under
I Healer Truth's treatments. Her trou-
ble is general debility and asthmatic
affection. Mrs. A. A. E. of Grass Val-
ley writes: "I am slowly improving.
My prayer every night is that no harm
shall befall you, such a grand work as
you are doing." L. E. of Hawthorne,
Nev., a sufferer from hip disease,
; writes that he is greatly relieved. Mrs.
E. T. of Crockett, Cal., reports that her
son and herself are both gradually re-
• covering from distressing troubles of
j long years' standing.
Mrs. C. B. Barden of 77 Pleasant ave-
j nue suffered from a tumor which, ac-
cording to the advice of her physician,
I Dr. Bangs, would develop into a cancer
unless operated upon. Mrs. Barden
began treatments with Healer Truth,
and after twelve treatments she was
1 completely cured and returned to her
! home a highly delighted woman.
P. L. of Berryessa, who is a victim
; of a disease of the bladder, writes un-
: der date of April 13 that the disease is
gradually subsiding under Healer
Truth's ministrations. "I am gaining
1 strength," she writes, "and have a
good appetite. I shall soon walk. I
; praise God for all his mercies in this
great deliverance from suffering."
Miss Dora Gardenieyer of Llvermore
was deaf for years, but after a * few
treatments Healer Truth was enabled
to restore her. Miss Nora Miner,
Roekville, Conn., was cured of con-
sumption after being given up to die
and after suffering several exhausting
hemorrhages. McKenzie Carpenter,
220 Washington street, Keene, N. H.,
was permanently cured of kidney trou-
ble and rheumatism. Frank A. Bemis
of this city was cured of lost vitality,
weak back and impaired memory. He:
was unable to work for years, . but is
now stronger than ever before in his '■
career. C. R. T. of Grass Valley, lost i
manhood and exhausted vitality, was
completely restored. . 77 , .
Gilbert Mansfield, 289 Valencia street, j
was cured of nervous prostration three j
months ago, and since that time has ;
gained twenty-five pounds of flesh.
T. J. H. of Ashland, Ore., a sufferer
from rheumatism, writes that his con- ;
dition after one month's treatment has
changed wonderfully. Mrs. H., who is
being treated for nervous headache, is j
now almost well. W. H. Barden of j
Agnews Station was a victim of the j
morphine habit for nine years, and suf-
fered from a paralysis of the optic
nerve. He was cured after a few treat-
ments.
Miss Maggie Galeman of this city
had lost her voice completely, but after
three or four treatments by Healer
Truth she recovered its use again. Mrs.
Cora Delorme, 1081 Main street, Hart-
ford, Conn., an absent patient, was
cured of female weakness and nerve
trouble of the most aggravated type
after several treatments.
Mrs. J. Lavez, 322 Seventh street,
used crutches for nearly six years be-
cause of an affection of the knee joints.
After one treatment she was enabled
to walk unaided. One knee joint* is still
stiff, owing to the result of an opera-
tion performed by an eminent surgeon
of this city, but otherwise she is com-
pletely cured. M. A. D. of Dunbar,
speaking of his daughter, says her cure
amazed her friends, who had despaired
of ever seeing her leave her home
again. ' M.
ADVI/RTISEMENTS.
I •' At Auction!
TUESDAY,
j TUESDAY..... .......APRIL 25, 1899,
At 12 O'Clock Noon.
t At Our Salesroom, 638 Market Street
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
North side (1620) Geary street, 165 feet east
of Webster; 27:6x137:0 feet— Sunny house of 10
rooms and bath; modern conveniences.
MISSION • HOME.
West side (20*. Diamond street, 198:2 feet south
of 17th: 24:10x125 feet— Modern two-story house,
b rooms, bath; basement; frescoed.
TEHA MA-STREET INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly side (164-C6) Tefiama street. 105
feet northeasterly from Third; 25x70 feet—
Three-story bull ling of four tenements; rents
$32; _.■■■ d condition.
M ■ -LUSTER-STREET FLATS.
South side (1313) McAllister street, 131:3 feet
west of Lyon: 25x137:6— Three flats of 6. 5 and
5 rooms and bath; rents $44.
7* .7 MISSION COTTAGE.
East Bide (923) Alabama street. 210 feet south
of 21st; 2ixloo feet— Modern cottage, 8 rooms
and bath; basement; rents $20.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
North side <<:) McLea court, off :it__- 23x75
Cottage of 4 rooms, and two-story house,
6 rooms. in rear; rents $15.
MISSION HOME.
Northwest cornel of Corbett road and Hattie
street; 25x75, through to 17tta street— Cottage of
4 -rooms and bath; basement; new; rents $15.
MISSION CORNER.
Northeast corner. San Bruno avenue and 25th
street; 26x100— Store, with 3 rooms and flat of
4 rooms above.
MISSION LOTS.
East side Castro street, 68:6 feet south of
Addison street; 60x112— Two lots near Mission
Zoological Gardens.
CHEAP BUILDING LOTS.
East line Corbett road, near Caselli avenue-
Two lots, all traded and sewered; 25:10x155
each.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO.,
638 Market Street, Auctioneers.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
f^^ Steamers leave Broadway
Bgjk--^ wharf, San Francisco:
59*»\ -*"*'"" Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
; IfiPKJl_s_____k April 21, 26, May 1; change at
M_rK____H *w_3 '*" Victoria, Vancouver (B.
* B£t^_l l C) r " rt Townsend. Seattle.
I f **G|saieA Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
snd New Whatcom (Wash),
-" 10 a. m. April 21. 26, May 1,
i and every fifth day thereafter: change at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers fur Alaska
I and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma Jo N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., April
19. 24. 29. May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz:'* Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obl_[>o).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, ' Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los \ni?eles) and
. ! Newport. -9 a. m.. April 22. 26, 30, May 4, and
I every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
I Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
: m., April 20, 24, 28, May 2. and every fourth
I day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cab . Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
; and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang."
: without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailine.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street .Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
II Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. £ N. 01 •
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
* PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF * 12 I i'r.st "* * ,as " including Berths
THiIL $8 Second Class and Veals.
Columbia sails April 23: May 3, 13, 23.
! State of California sails April 28; May 8,
IS. 28
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
1 Helens and all points in the Northwest.
I Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
E3f> Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
For
Golovin Bay, v
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
i Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN. Master.
Will Sail on op About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN. 44 East st.
„
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW rOBK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3 St. Louis May 24
; Paris May 10 j Paris May 31
St. Paul May 17 St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
JVew York nnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland * May 3|Westernland ....May 24
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
Southwark May 17iNoordland June 7
EMPIRe LINE.
Seattlo. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 d. m., for
; YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling" at
Kobe CHlogol, Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
j of sailing.
AMERICA MART' .-* Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MARtL^TTT.... Thursday, June 1
| NIPPON. MAUI* /. Tuesday, June 27
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
■-..-. W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fMMlß____il_M Tne s - s - Australia
ISfcllßir "alls for Honolulu
•*£'■"■'* Wednesday, May 3, at
n^y^T' \ ***■■ 8- Moana sails
XtWniShir)^ vta Honolulu, and
CyiUllllJliiy Auckland for Sydney
™ •fornFfflPU-- Wednesday, May 17.
Vyil.pil.U_r a t 10 p. m.
Favorite Lino Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
' Pier 7, Foot Pacific St, Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
> DIRECT LINE Ui.IIAVHK i'ARIS. rr^jr
I Sailing every Saturday at 10. a. m. < fT* <*S
from Pier 42. North River, foot of «*•**•»*
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE, April 29; LA
NORMANDIE, May 6: LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13: LA BRETAGNE. May 20; LA TOURAINE.
May 27. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round • trip. Second-
class to Havre, $43; 10 per cent reduction ion
; round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
: Green, New York. J. F. FUGAZI & • 0., Paci-
| fie Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Fran-
] Cisco. . . .
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J.
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
| daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Will be ready for business about WEDNES-
DAY, April 26, 1599. HATCH BROS.
1112
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINEBB OFFICE of the San FrancUco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
!£S7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
■c McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cir. Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
.541 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; 'open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH- NOTICES.
ST. PAUL'S Church, California st., near Flll-
moie, Rev. William Maxwell Reilly, rector-
Holy communion. 7.50 a. m. Sunday school,
9:30 a. m. Morning prayer and sermon.^ 11
a. m. Evening prayer nd sermon, 7:30
I 'clock. Organist and choirmaster, A. a.
'anklm
NTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
ion st., bet. Sixth and Seventh Dr. Charles
Mward Locke, pastor, will preach. Sub-
let nt 11 a. m.. "Dangers Which Beset
hristlans In Phillstla." At 7:30 p. m..
The Mistakes of the Devil." Sunday school
t 12:45 p. m. Rolla V. Watt, superintendent.
hristlan Endeavor Society. 6 p. m- Class
leetings, 9:20 a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Men's
lible class, 12:45 p. m. Midweek prayer
srvlce. Wednesday. 7:45 p. m. This is a
eople's church. Seats free. Everybody cor-
ialiy Invited. Music led by chorus choir,
. J. Morris, choirmaster. ;
>IPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
hureh. corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.,
lev. John Stephens, pastor, residence, 309
1.-ilght St.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. ni. The pastor will preach at both ser-
lces. Topic for morning. " The First of the
races." For evening. ■■What We Think of
od." the third In the series of "Half Hour
alks to People Who Think." Sunday school
t 12:30 p. m. C B Perkins superintendent.
Ipworth League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
leeting, Wednesday evening at 7.45 p. m.
he public cordially invited to all the ser-
Ices of this church. Seats free. Ushers ln
ttendance.
LVART Presbyterian Church, corner Fow-
II and Geary sts.. Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
astor— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
opic evening. "Bitter Waters Sweetened.'
lusic morning, anthem. "O, ... L* nto the
ord," Rousseau; cft'ettory. Tf 1 were a
oice," soprano solo, (Woodward), Mrs. Susie
iertmark. Music evening, them, "My
oul Doth Magnify." B. O. Klem; offertory.
Hark, Hark, My Soul," H. Rome Shelley,
Mo and quartet. All are made welcome.
THF. First Unitarian Church, southwest corner
it-ary and Franklin sts., Rev. Dr. Bteb-
ins. minister emeritus; «cv. Stopford W.
:rooke, minister pro tempore ■d superint-
endent of Sunday school— The Sunday school
rat 10 o'clock. The morning service is at
. ociock. Mr. Brooke will occupy the pul-
it. Subject. "Thou Shalt Not Kill: the Old
aw and the New." All are cordially ln-
lted Mrs. J. E. Bermingham will sing,
here is no evening service. _______
YMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St.,
ear Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m.
nd 7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 1. m.
:ev. F. B. Cherington. I' D., pastor, will
reach morning and evening. The public are
-rdially invited.
E First Divine Science Church-M. E. j
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m.; sub- :
ject. *'l Shall Not Want." Services every |
Sunday at Yosemite all, Native Sons' build- •
ins, Masor. street, between Geary and Post.
Take elevator. 1
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central :
'block, 223 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian "Science Bible lesson. 11 a. m. ;
subject. "Everlasting Funishment." Sunday-
school for children at the same hour. Wednes-
day evening meeting at 8 o'clock. All are ;
welcome. j
THE West Side Christian Church will hold Its
regular services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m:
Rev. Mr. Williams, pastor, will preach: Sun- ;
day-school is held at 10 a. m. ; Young Peo-
ple"'? meeting at 7:30 p. m. All are cordially
. 1
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
• Post st. — Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. in.
This church is proclaiming the restored g..s-
pel. Rev. 14:6. 7. The "Dispensation of the
Fullness of Times/* Eph. l". As a sign
of the coming of Jesus < ■ 1 Ist, Matt. 24:11.
All welcome. Strangers invited. C. A. Per-
kln. pastor.
THE Mormon Conference— Semi-annual confer-
ence of the Church of Jesus "'hrist of Latter
Day Saints will convene Sunday. April 2...
at 909 Market St., Pythian Castle. Meetings
will be held at 10 a. m., 2 p. m. and 7:43
p. m. Good speakers will address the as-
sembled hosts. One of the twelve apostles
lrom. Utah will be present. All seats free.
.
AT the Stranger's bath Home (No. 643),
Howard Street Methodist Episcopal Church,
between Second and Third— John A. B.
Wilson, D.D., pastor: residence by the church:
telephone Hlack 961. 11 a. fn., "The Gospel
for ; Everybody." 7:30. "Everybody for the
Gospel."* Offertories, soprano solo, "The
Good Shepherd" tßarry): duet. "Divine Re-
deemer" .Gounod). Misses Mabel and Ethel
Perkins. Seats free. All always welcome.
ASSOCIATION building. Mason and Ellis sts.—
Mass meeting for nun only this afternoon at
3 o'clock. Address by Rev. H. IL Bell, D.D.
All young men welcome. Bible class next
Tuesday evening conducted by Professor J.
H. Gcodell. Subject, "The Flood." This
Bible class open free to all.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lectures every
Sunday at 8 p. m. in Odd Fellows' building.
To-night. "The Masters, Who and Where
Are They?" by Will C. Bailey. Solos by-
Professor Carl Sawvell. Lotus circle for chil-
dren at 2:30 p. m.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (the Theosophical
Society in America.). 819 Market St.— Lecture
to-night, "The Mysteries." by H. B. Monges;
Tuesday niaht. "The Moment of Choice";
Saturday night. "The Future of ■■■■:
Sl.Ml.il MEETINGS.
I FREE lecture this evening, - o'clock, at
Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909 Market St.,
by Dr. Depew Kergan. Medical Director of
Drs. K. and X.'s Electric Sanitarium; sub-
ject. "Electro-Th«rapeutics. or How Elec-
tricity Cures Disease," followed by magnifi-
cent views of Germany and the Rhine. Those
attending this lecture may procure compli-
mentary tickets to the wonderful X-ray ex-
hibition at the Sanitarium, corner of Market
uni Mason sts., on Tuesday evening next.
T Dr. Rines' spiritual society, 90? Market St..
11-2-', Mrs. Bird. Ladd. Finican, Vigers; free;
collection; 7, social entertainment; th* Incor-!
poration Monday, April 24; free; collection;
Tuesday, Friday, 8 p. m... 123S Howard St.;
office, 1226 Market St.; hours. 10 to d p. m.
XTETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister
Ets.— Sunday, April 23. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker,
Mrs. R. S. Lillie; subject. "The Unrest of the
Day— What Does it Portend? Admission free.
BEE thrught lectures— Dr. York, the noted
orator, at lower Scottish Hall, Larkin St.,
this evening;, on "Our Defense." All cordially
Invited.
HE Mission Lyceum entertainment- and dance
Wednesday eve., April 26. at E.xcelsior Hall.
Mission, bet. l?th and 20th. Admission 10 cts.
RS. D. J. 'KAN and her gifted children to-
night; l»c: private sittings daily. 414 Ellis st.
ME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAlltster su ; come, skeptics.
RS. HARLAND'S circle night; tests,
i-ealed letters read: 10c; readings dally. 12. 6th.
RS. SOPHIE SEIP. psychometric readings
every eve. at 8 except Sat.; 10c. 1724 Market.
. V. .MILLER'S etherealizlng materializing
seance. 8 p. m.. 50c. 609 Leavenworth st.
RS. EGGERT AITKEN, medium; Fittings
dally. 120 McAllister St.. flat 1.
EDWARD EARLE'S test seance to-night at 8
o'clock. 330 Ellis st.; 50c.
B MEETING NOTICES.
ESTERN Addition Lodge No. 285, 77*&g777~
I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem- ■gg-"*"^!^.
bers are respectfully requested ~3feS93Jr
to assemble at Odd Fellows' "Wf*w-
Hall, corner of Market and Seventh sts., on
. TUESDAY. April 25. 1599, at 1:30 o'clock
P. m., for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother, JOHN C P.
SCHAEFER A. 11. KOWELL, N. G.
WM. F. LEE, Financial Secretary.
DDL FELLOWS' Excursion and -—■■ ■
Picnic, WEDNESDAY. April 26; -jf3t&L.
eightieth anniversary; MIRABEL "-55j|8^-?F
PARK: round trio tickets, XI; "'^'•'■'"J > -
come one, come all, and have a. good time;
boat leaves Tiburon ferry at foot of Market
st. at it o'clock sham.
COL. H. O. BROWER,
Chairman Committee of Arrangements.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
lof Directors of the OCEANIC BTEMBHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets namely, at the office of .-aid Company,
number 227 Market st.. In the City and County
of San Francisco, Btata/of California; that
the object of said meeting is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness or two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceania Steamship Com-
vanj.
HEETIN NOTlCES— Continued.
CALEDONIAN Club — Thirty-third v "Cy >t,
annual gathering and games at CJV, QJ/J
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, TUES- 'tJ*kXe*
DAY, May SO. *«t^»
ANGUS McLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
IRISH Nationalists Attention— .
annual nlcnic and reunion under the \a.
auspices of the li'nights of the Red sv*t_>
Branch will be held at Shell Mound , »* r
Dark, Berkeley, on SUNDAY, April 30, 1899.
THE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS,
NOTICE to the Bar of the funeral of Judge
EDWARD J. PRINGLE. By order of the
Bar Association of San Francisco notice ts
given that the funeral of Judge EDWARD
J. PRINGLE will take place at St. Paul's
Episcopal Church, corner of Fourteenth and
Harrison sts.. Oakland; MONDAY, April 24.
1899. at 11 o'clock a. m. All members are
requested to attend at the residence. Take
10:15 o'clock narrow to Fourteenth-st.
station. WM. H. FIFIELD. President.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., S. F., Cal." has re-
i ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from Jan. 1 to April 1. 1899: Dor-
i othy Edye, 8 years: Susan Connolly, 3 years;
Rose Connolly, 2 years: Frances L. Dawson, 8
years; Helen G. Dawson. 6 years; Annie F.
Peoples. 1" -.ears. Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. McKewen. 5 years; Marietta E. Mc-
Kewen, 3 years: Georgia A. Smith. 11 years;
Laura Custer. 11 years: Edna A. Anthony, 8
years; Myrtle Corrigan, 11 years: Lillian E. ,
Powers, 7 years; Theresa M. Bowtwell. 10
years; Maud M. Manny, 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $1. whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for's4; collections made: '
1 city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
j CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
!
! DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend 'No. 52 (fifty
i cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
I Company will -be payable at the office of the
I company, 327 Market St., on and after
TUESDAY. May 2. 1599. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday, April 26. 1899, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help: establish 20
years: I-!. Main U'97. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATION S WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS hotel waitress, 3 years In her
last situation; wants a place In country hotel
as waitress. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants a situation
out of city; references. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— By a g0.,1 woman, good house-
keeper, good nurse, good cook; city or coun-
try. C. P., MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter st.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter and bookkeeper,
experienced in newspaper work, wants posi-
tion; book store or printing offlce preferred;
rather go Into country town; salary not so
much an object as permanence; references.
G.. 1559 Pine st., San Francisco.
COMPETENT dressmaker with references
would like a few more engagements by the
day: $1 50. Add- 1528 Polk st.
WANTED— Position as companion, housekeeper
to lady, plain cook, needle woman or business
of trust required by refined lady; age 35; good
references. M., care }t.. 449 Guerrero st.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable German
working housekeeper: no objection to coun-
try; best of references. Address box 99, Call.
RESPECTABLE widow want a home In an
American family: small wages Box 270, Call. :
WOMAN wants work by the .".ay washing and
housecleaning. Box 2fiS, Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day: work guaranteed. 209 Eddy.
GOOD seamstress would give services for good
home In family. Box 97, Call office.
LADY wishes position as governess: will assist
in light housework; In the country only;
.Protestant. Box 272. Call office.
LADY wishes situation in private "family as
cook; good references. Address 124 Perry st.
COLORED woman would like position; second
work or cook: 4 years In last place; city ref-
erence. Address box 266, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wants washing, ironing or;
housecleaning by the day. Address 30 Aztec
St.. off itwell. I
NEAT willing young girl to do light house- i
work; sleep home. Address A. <".. 1941 Mis- .
si'.r.
SEAMS - wishes to go in families to sew;
75c per day. 274S Harrison St.. near Twenfy-
fourth.
GENTLEMEN'S washing and mending. 179
Mint
TWO girls wish places. 1 to mind baby and
assist, other to do light housework. 641
Jessie St., oft' Seventh.
DANISH girl wishes place to do second work
or care for children ; best or references. Call !
537 Seventh St.. near Bryant.
AN Eastern woman wishes a position as cook
or general housework or. chambermaid in . a
hotel. 26S Stevenson st
WOMAN want.- a situation as working house-
keeper or hotel work oT ny kind; country-
preferred. 839 Mission St., room 3.
TOUNG German girl wishes situation to care
for grown children or to travel. Address
BERTHA. 2223 Pacific st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes housework;
good cook; small wash. Call or address lll'-i
Minna st.
TOUNG woman wants work by the day wash-
ing or housecleanmp; $1 and car fare. 867
COMPETENT woman wishes house leaning
by day or half day. Apply ?'i Laskle st., off
Mission, between Eighth and Ninth.
YOUNG English lady of position, now in Lon-
don, but wishing to reside in California, de-
sires occupation as companion to lady living
here. Box 281. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman desires a place to care
for an Invalid or willing to keep house for
some one. Ho* 713. Call office. Oakland.
COMPETENT girl wish to do general house-
work or upstairs work; references. Call 736
Myrtle st . Oakland.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner: $1
per day; best references; years' experience.
Bos 194, Call offlce.
STRONG Swedish girl wants work by the day;
first-class laundress. 707 Minna si . near Bth.
RELIABLE American woman, with daughter j
'.'.' years old, desires situation: general house-
work; good cook; wages $10 to $12. 1225 Jack-
son st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady de-
sires situation as working housekeeper; with
references. Address box 89, Call.
WANTED— A position as working housekeeper;
good cook and willing to do sewing; good ref-
erent. ... Box 83, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent German
girl to take care of children or to do second
work and sewing. Address box 1?.. 1 all.
LADY" wants housework and cooking; wages
from $15 to $20 per month. 408 Laguna St.
WANTED Position as housekeeper or cashier
by a respectable American lady; city or coun- j
try. Box 1, Call of.
GERMAN, middle-aged, with a girl 11 years
old. wishes situation as working housekeeper;
city or country. MRS. MOORE, $033 Mission.
NEAT, elderly, worthy Widow will go as
housekeeper; understands the care of chil-
dren: good cook and laundress; wages small;
references. MRS. 1: . M Stevenson, room 2.
AN experienced Protestant lady wants posi-
tion as housekeeper; fond of children; will
do family sewing. Call or write MRS.
WHEELOCK, MIA Castro st.
, WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 BO night; $1 50 to $1
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and Pace to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS "WANTED—
JAPANESE Emp Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. M Geary st ; tel Grant .'.•>
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO, 72." Geary st. ; tel Folk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414'_ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
COACHMAN, single. Swedish; thorough ex-
perience; good houseworker and man about
place: well posted In the city; sober; not
afraid of work; many years with same em-
ployer; best references. Address A. R
WOODSIDE, San Mateo County, Cal. ■
to PRINTERS— Wanted, a position as fore-
man by thorough practical man. competent
to handle any office; 20 years' experience;
references and testimonials; desires position
with a firm where merit counts. Address
box 271. Call office.
MEAT cook who has worked In San Fran-
cisco's best houses desires position. 738
Laurel aye.
FIRST-CLASS gents' garment cutter, using 3
systems, is open for engagement: No. 1 East-
ern references given. Address L. T. METH
38-40 Cordova st., Vancouver, B. C
BUTCHER, good meat cutter, wishes work-
: city or country. Bos 269. Call office.
WANTED— An honest, ambitious young man
; of ability desires position in store, office or
wholesale house; good references. Address
P. H. H., 781 Mission st.
RELIABLE Protestant married an. handy
with tools, plumber by trade, wishes perma-
nent position of any kind; can give the very
best of references. Apply 2235 Folsom st.
THE SAIN FRAy CISCO CAI__L, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
j SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
I FIRST-CLASS candy and ice cream ■ maker
1 from the East wants situation. GEO. HOIES,
j 371 Minna st.
OLD man (61), able- and willing to do light
house and kitchen work, wants good home;
expects small wages. .Box 282, Cajl office.
MAN and wife, German, wish situations ln
hotel, city or country; wife first-class cook,
man waiter or kitchen work. Address 278
: Minna st.
I RELIABLE man wants night work; watch-
man or waiter; wages moderate. Box 284,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes a position in
private place; take care or horses; good
driver; understands gardening; make himself
useful; good references; city or country. Box
.11. Call office, Oakland.
WILL pay $10 for good position, city or coun-
try hotel, as bartender or head waiter; am
from the East; good habits; very best of ref-
erence. Box 82, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer with a good knowl-
edge of the undertaking business wishes a
situation in the country or city. Box 85, Call.
YOUNG Frenchman attending night school
wishes employment of any kind during the
day; wages moderate. L. PICHON, 614 Bush.
EXPERIENCED young married man wishes a
position as driver or any kind of work; is
honest, obliging and reliable; best of refer-
ence. Box A 2, Call office.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, experienced,
steady, .37. desires employment; town or
country; references. Box 294, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese man wants work ln
office or hotel as under Janitor. Address box
76, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman. 20. wants work as por-
ter or to work about place; good worker. Ad-
dress G. WELLS, 601 Stockton st.
YOUNG man of good business ability would
like situation of any kind ln mercantile or
wholesale house. Box 72, Call office.
JAPANESE wants position to work in family;
housework, garden or any kind work; city or
country. S. X., 319% O'Farrell st.
; JAPANESE, a candy worker, wants position
to work and learn to make candy in factory
or store; city or country. S. X.,319% O'Farrell.
EXPERIENCED young German wishes work
as window washer and housecleaner by the
day. Address Housecleaner. 748 Howard. St.,
room 6.
YOUNG man understanding work about place
desires work in city; references. Address A.
F.. box 3. Call.
BOOKKEEPER, French. 45. years, good ac-
countant and correspondent, wishes situation;
first-class references. Address box 65, Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.._ Phone Grant 186
iS waitresses for springs and resorts for May
1. $20; 10 waitresses for commercial country
hotels, $20; head waitress for commercial
country' hotel, $25; 6 waitresses, city. $20; 5
restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6; chamber-
maid for country hotel, $18; fancy ironer,
country. $25 and found; cook for summer re-
sort, $35
FAMILY" ORDERS
4 German family cooks; cook and laundress
for country. $30, see lady here 9 a. m. Mon-
day; cook and laundress for country, very
choice place, see lady here 9 a. m. Monday;
German cook, 125, for small family, and
nursegirl, $15. for same place, see lady here
10 a. m. Monday; girls for • Berkeley, $20;
Oakland, $20; Alameda, $20; Redwood, $25;
Merced. $25, and a great many young girls
for cooking and general housework, $15 to $25.
c. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, resort, $40: laundress. Insti-
tution. $30; 3 German cooks. $30: 2 second
girls and seamstress. $20; North German
nurse, $25; French nurse. $25: 10 waitresses
for springs and hotels. $20; and more than
50 girls for housework ln city and country at
- $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
50 YOUNG girls for general housework; also
some good ranch cooks; cook and laundress
for Redwood City, wages $30; flrst-ciass cook
. for city. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St.,
phone Main 804.
LITTLE girl wishes home in Catholic family;
country. Girls' Directory, Waller st. and
Central av< •
WANTED— Wrapper and waist hands to work
in factory. NEWBAUER BROS., IS First st.
WANTED A woman to do small washing
weekly. 230U Fulton st
CORRESPONDENTS wanted to furnish items
of Interest: also manuscript: liberal pay; In-
close stamp for instructions. Register Com-
! pany. Chicago.
1 FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats: good pay
right party. 106 Stockton St., room 56.
; YOUNG girls for light sewing. IS Sutter st.,
afternoon.
! WANTED— Few young ladies for concert hall:
i g0..! wages and steady position. Address box
| 25. Call office.
; FIRST-CLASS skirt or waist hand. 1423 Polk
i COMPETENT girl for general housework and
j cooking; 2 in family; sleep h.me; references
required. Apply Monday after 10 a. m. at 1012
j Bush st.
; WANTED 4 experienced coat and suit fitters;
| permanent positions. Apply Cloak Depart-
i ment. White House, Monday before 9a. m.
WANTED— First-class cook (German) at 1721
Van Ness aye. Call bet. 9 and 12.
WANTED— Respectable, middle-aged 'woman;
family of 2; good home; small wages. Box
16, f"mond P. 0., Alameda County.
WANTED Protestant girl, to assist with light
housework; small family; wages $10. 2 Fella
place, off Powell st . near Fine.
WANTED Experienced shirt operators: best
wages; steady employment. EAGLESON &
CO.. 535 Market st.
OUR school of dressmaking has Increased till
we have had to add more room to meet Its
wants; a new class will be formed on Mon-
day and pupils taken through a full course
of training in all departments; do not forge)
that we are the only school that cuts all the
up to date patterns. McDowell Dressmaking
School. 103 Post st.
Al SELECT millinery school; trade thoroughly
taught; satisfaction guaranteed; terms easy.
506 Leavenworth st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts; steady employment. ROGERSON'S,
535 Valencia St.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmers and finishers;
! also helper on skirts. 336 I Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER wants good hand at dressmak-
ing. 13084 Rowell st.
EXPERIENCED lady solicitor for fashionable
ladies' tailoring establishment. Box 290, Call.
AN apprentice at MME. LICHAU'S Dressmak-
ing Parlors, 455 Geary st.
OPERATORS on caps, hats and sunbonnets;
also two tuckers. 547 Market st.
i BOOKKEEPER and stenographer. Graham sys-
tem; must be good penman. Box 76. Call.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
c 1; HANSEN "A 56 Phone GranT~lBs
..Office open to-day. (Sunday) 9 to 11 a. m...
WANTED
A gang of railroad teamSters; free fare.
A gang of railroad laborers, free fare.
For the coast road to the front. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MEAT and pastry cook for a summer resort,
$71': dishwasher. $15: second cook. $40; cook.
1 small country restaurant, $40 and room; night
COOk, $7 a week; dishwasher, springs. $18;
bell boy, $10; pantryman. $35. for a summer
resort: steward, $35; cook. $32. to enlist for
a 4-year cruise.
Railroad camp cook, $40- waiter, $20.
MISCELLANEOUS
Voting, active, experienced salesman for
groceries and provisions; $75 a month.
Milker. $30; 5 milkers. $25; 14 farmers, $20;
vegetable gardener and run Incubator, $25;
man about place, $20; harness-maker, $30 and
found; [choppers, $150 a cord; tiemak-
ers, lie; blacksmith's helper, no shoeing, $20
and found; blacksmith's helper, ranch, $25
and found.
Laborers for a quarry. $1 a day and board.
Pick and shovel laborers, $2 a day; long
Job.
Teamsters, city, $1 75 a day.
Railroad work
Laborers; teamsters, coast road, free fare.
Laborers; teamsters, new work, ship' Mon-
'■ day.
Carpenter, $2 60 a day; camp cook. $40
j C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 French waiters for restaurant in
city. $30 per month; cook ror small country
hotel, near city. $30; 2 farmers, $26; porter
for restaurant in city. $20; dishwasher for city
1 restaurant, $20; 2 milkers. $30; Scandinavian
farmer, $20. near city: cooks, waiters and
! others. Apply W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
SALESMAN In San Francisco and vicinity; ex-
j elusive agency for Stenhenson's Stick Belt
Dressing; well known; none so good; pre-
serves belts; stops slipping; full commission
advanced; honest, capable salesman; will give
reference. STEPHENSON MANUFACTUR-
ING CO.. Albany, N. V.
i WAITER. $25 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG man with some money to start out
specialty show under canvas. Box 291, Call.
MAN wanted at the St. Mary's Free Medical
Clinic and Dispensary, 955% Harrison st.
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished firm: $50 per month and expenses
! to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago. 111.
SALESMEN— *!' v ' a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machines for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than Ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. ARCTIC RE-
FRIGERATING CO., Cincinnati, O.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MURRAY" & READY. Fhone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
• WANT 7 A. ' M. MONDAY .*....
5 pick and shovel laborers, city. .s3.l and found
10 laborers for a large company, near city...
Stablemen, country .$25 and found
Blacksmith, country shop; wheelwright and
woodworker, country
20 farm hands 12 milkers
Choreman for ranch ........$25 and found
Woodchoppers and tiemakers; choreboys.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOK for a Government boat..
Hotel cooks, city and country, $30 to $45 and
found; camp cooks; runner for lodging-house;
waiters, city and country. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 .Clay st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil -service examination without seeing
our Illustrated catalogue of Information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE. Washington, D. C.
MAN cook for a few boarders; wages $20. 580
Sixth st.
WANTED— 2 good men. Apply at 22 Post St.
from 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. m.. 24th Inst.
TAlLORS— Coatmakers wanted for the coun-
try. STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and
Second sts.. San Francisco.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman familiar with gro-
cery' or crockery business; give experience and
wages expected. Box 263, Call office.
WANTED— on ladles' cloaks. Address
box 202, Call office.
WANTED— Errand boy; wages $2 50. MAN-
DEL, 20C Market St.
WANTED— Partner with $25 cash. 40 Ellis St.,
room 19; Inquire from 10 to 4 Monday.
PRESSER at the California Clothing Renova-
tory, 116 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced stock clerk with refer-
ences. Address box 286. Call office.
WANTED Man In pickle works who under-
stands salting and a worker; state experience.
Box 283, >*all office.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. Brideshaw, Sec.
BRIGHT men canvassers and collectors; sal-
ary, and commission. R. RALPH, 511 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— A boy to learn shirtcutting; or one
with experience. EAGI_ESON & CO.. 535
Market st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
at law, Hearst building, Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Names of ruptured people: we cure
rupture free to Introduce our method. DR.
SPEIRS. 66 Main St., Westbrook, Me.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
• or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, . and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 Inch ln height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
TO go this week — pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
150 MEN to take best single room. 15c night; $1
week: "France House," 149 3d st., and "Oak-
land House," 664% Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st . near Mar-
ket. rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— from 25c
to 5<V; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber ''..liege, 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 2'"-. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 5.",3', Market st.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25. a night; $1 a week.
CHEAPEST and best in America -The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Slates, postpaid, for $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— We will pay (100 per month and rail-
road expenses to any man who will faithfully
represent us in takin™ orders for the most
reliable Portrait Coyplng House in the World:
we pay strictly salary. Address at once Dept.
203. G. E. MARTEL. New York City.
WANTED at --Grand Army men through-
out California to handle "Corporal Si K|e._rg
and His Pard"; exclusive territory; stamp
for particulars. Address "SI KLEGG," Sta-
: tion A. San Francisco. Cnl.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents: salary $75 month; expenses;
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant op-
portunlty. Address with referehce. BUTLER
6 ALGER, New Haven. Conn.
AGENTS can make from $5 to $10 a day Intro-
ducing a useful invention that finds ready-
sale in every office, store and place of busi-
ness. Address box 265, Call office.
AGENTS, general and canvassing; Patent Per-
forated Fryinupan Covers; no greasy stoves;
best frying. Kitchen Specialty Co., Reading,
Pa.
AGENTS— Everybody buys the Handy Harness
Riveter Machine; good commissions; quick
money. Handy Machine-Co., 58 Third st., S.F.
WANTED— Agent to canvass for pictures; com-
mission. 1160 Peralta St., Oakland.
AGENTS— Our cigar lighter ls the best quarter
article that ever happened. The Gem In-
troduction Co.. Milwaukee. Wis.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
out: sample postpaid. 25c. J. Brown. 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted A • gentleman with $2000
and some experience as clerk or bookkeeper
.an secure g0.,.) investment on application
at Call business office.
LADY wants working partner with some cash
In good paving business; security for cash Un-
vested. Address M. E. 8., 626% I St., Sac-
ramento, 1 al.
HOt *>••_«. WANTED.
15 TO 20-room house, unfurnished; north of
Market st. . good tenant. Box 445, Call.
ROOMS AND BOAR) WANTED.
_ r _ .
NICELY furnished room with board for young
couple; near Fell and Baker. Pox .5. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED -2 or 3 furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms, north of Market and Mc-
Allister, east of Van Ness; must be reason-
able. Address, rtatlng terms, box 287, CalL
ROOM wanted— Small, by a lady; rent must
not be more than $3 a month. Pox 280, Call.
FURNITURE AVANTED.
FURNITURE wanted for 2 rooms for housed
kpg; state price. NE. cor. Turk and Taylor.
.
J. C. MUTHER. «32 Market St.. pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc. .
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED To Invest $1000 to $5000 In lucrative
business that needs capital or patented article
that has merit; must stand rigid Investiga-
tion; principals only. Address F. E. WIL- '
SON, Kalamazoo. Mich.
LIVESTOCK WANTED
Wanted to buy— l to 100 Belgian hares; write
price and particulars to VERNON RABBITRY',
1032 East Forty-fifth st., Los Angeles, Cal.
WANTED Surrey, two-seated; suitable for a
small horse. Apply to H. SCHELLHAAS.
the Furniture Dealer, MM Eleventh St., Oak-
land.
1 WANTED— Second-hand stock saddle; must be
cheap; also one 30-30 Winchester carbine. Ad-
dress box 275. Call office.
.
WANTED— Second-hand brooder for small
chickens. Box 100. Call office.
LAUNCH. 25 to 30 ft., witn or without engine;
must be cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
LOST.
LOST—On Buchanan and Eddy sts., a crochet
bureau cover. Finder return to 1130 Bu-
chanan st.; reward.
LOST—On 5 p. m. Berkeley train of April 15,
package. Return to address on package.
LOST — Red leather memorandum book marked
P. L MUSH. Return to 134 Market st. ...
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of BARTLETT S. -MORRISSEY; No.
204-631. The Under will please return to bank.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY', rented! repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— know the WbereaboutiTof JOHN
H. MILLS, formerly of Sag Harbor, N. Y.
"should this meet his notice will he please
communicate with his sister, MRS D. J.
HARRIS. Sag Harbor, N. Y.
ATTRACTIVE wealthy widow, generous dispo-
sition, with excellent character, will appre-
ciate home-loving husband. "AMES " 1257
Lexington aye.. New York.
MRS. LAURA ERICSON. Call at Grant aye..
No. 1,. room 7. ANNA B. NEWTON.
G. LEDERER. leading hairdresser; price 2oc*
switches, $1: hair rolls, 35c; Quintonica Hair
lonic, 35c; Foamo Shampoo, sc. 123 Stockton.
G. "LEDERER has the most artistic hairdress-
ers on the coast; imports the latest Parisian
coiffures and still charges but 25c; longest
hair rolls, 35c. 123 Stockton st.
ALL— HAIR— AND— SCALP
DISEASES- A SPECIALTY-
GRAY HAIR- RESTORED— IN—
MONTHS.— HAIR GROWN ON— BALD
HEAD— OR— PAY—
BY -MAIL -HIRSI .TTINE- HAIR—
SPECIALISTS., St. Anns building, 6 Eddy
MASON, 16-18, The New Perlnl Restaurant—
French or American dinner, 50c; lunch, 25c:
private rooms for ladies.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 4SS Haight.
HEALTHY wetnurse wanted: willing to travel
MRS. DR. NKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
WANTED— cure for stammering. Address
box 273, Call.
RELIABLE legal advice free; any case civil
or criminal, bankruptcy, divorces, collection,
etc; open evenings. Address or call AN-
CHOR, (v,3 Clay st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest I
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland. !
YOUNG man desires the acquaintance of re-
fined Christian young lady about 20; object
matrimony; strictly confidential. Box 274,
Call offlce. t^tm
T. BRILLIANT. 838-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SEND stamp for free copy matrimonial paper
containing many personal ads. 653 Clay st. j
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 481.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 3326 Mission St.. near 20th
- —Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee. $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order $1 per week, CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market st.; open evenings.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 2" Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, -1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
WANTED— OId gold and sliver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jection *.guantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine, ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $< 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
JRESSMAIvERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
over, perfect fit 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1; plain sewing; bindings put
m skirts. 25c. .10 pine st.
~~~ EXPERT OPTICIANS
CITT THIS OUT! "'""
PERMANENT INJURY
IS THE RESULT
If . you go on allowing your eyes to blur,
smart", ache. pain, etc.: you may never be
abb- to make them strong again; I have
studied the know it is a patient, long-
suffering organ— but it will snap at last, and
then all the oculists and all the opticians ln
the world couldn't put it together again.
ANY sensation of pain is a warning.
GEO. MA YE RLE. German expert optician,
charter member American Association, IVV-.
Market St., San Francisco.
Week Days, Open Evenings.
Open Sundays From 11 to 12.
Examinations Free.
Persons not living in the city should send for
Mayerle's Self-fitting System and Copyrighted
"Danger Signals."
_~~~ MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure .for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and 1
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment. $5; no instruments
used ; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours. 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office.
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WY'ETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded: French Tan-
sy-Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy In the world; imported from Parts: take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine: In red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. drug-
gists, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO.,
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills. $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at offlce. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st., between
Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m; Sunday. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
. safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him flrst. save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time: maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1 cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 42.i
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician ln attendance; con-
sultation free; Infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others. *
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., - San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used-
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to, I p. m.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars*
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall- at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
ALL married ladles know- "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.; $1 1 CO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50-
-expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agentß. Oakland. yj.
MRS DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
PRIVATE home in confinement- best refs '
1540% Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.'
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
SPIRITUALISM.
' A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. trance^TesTmediunT I
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all prl-
: vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
. MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
• MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri, 2pm.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. CURLEY,
AMERICA'S GREATEST CLAIRVOYANT
AND MEDIUM,
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st., be-
tween Powell and Mason.
CUSTOMERS' NAMES ARK NEVER. USED j
IN ANY OF HER ADVERTISEMENTS
- AND THEIR CONFIDENCE IS -RESPECT-
ED IN -EVERY WAY. SOUR FUTURE
FORETOLD BY' THE PRINCESS OF
PROPHETS.
This remarkable woman, whose career has
been one of success, Is gifted by nature with a
power thai approaches the miraculous. She is
acknowledged by the press and public wherever
she has been to be the marvel of the nineteenth
century. Mme. Curley Is a prophet of world-
wide repute; is recommended by every one of
her patrons. Her powers excite the wonder and
admiration of even the Skeptical. Her advice
1 is infallible, convincing and beyond dispute.
Through her remarkable development of second
sight, and her thorough knowledge of the many
sciences peculiar to the men of the Orient, she
Is enabled to penetrate the woof and web of
human life. She locates hidden or burled treas-
ures and gives advice on business, lawsuits,
i speculation, love, courtship, matrimony; she
unites the separated and causes speedy and
happy marriage with the one if your choice.
The troubled and unfortunate should seek her
counsel. Thousands of families ions separated
have been reunited by her efforts, thousands of
hearts made glad through her truthful predic-
tions. Cures witchery, fits and drunkenness.
Hours, 9a. m. to 8:30 p. nj. Home all day-Sun-
day. English and German spoken. Positively
no attention paid to letters unless accompanied
by $1. . ■ . .-■yy
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 1023% MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
move Influence, bad habits: will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023% Market street. San Franclsco.
RETURNED— Mme. Arndt, the great clairvoy-
ant, tells past and future; has never failed:
has the seven seals, the greatest Egyptian
secret of the world; shows pictures of future
husband and wife; gives lucky numbers, ad-
vice in speculations on all affairs, tips on
races; satisfaction guaranteed: prices 25c up;
daily and Sunday. 342 Third st., near Folsom.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladies. SOc; gents. $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153% Sth, r.. 21.
MISS A. FAURE, card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St., r. 34; French and German spoken.
RETURNED— EDNA v. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clatrvoyant and
card reading. 417 Push st., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 6.
MRS. HANSEN, best clairvoyant; fee, 25c'
349% Minna St.. near Fifth.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and .mag-
netlst. 207 Powell St.. rooms 5 and 6.
1 MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
. MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. psychometrist and clalr-
voyant; readings, SOc; letters, 50c. 1724 Mrkt.
A. OLSEN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
only. ]■■'■_. Eighth st.
: MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c. up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader: 10c: ladies only. |
543 Natoma st . bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
YOUR fortune told by cards; ladles. 25-;
gents. SOc. 527% Post St.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
116 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. AUGUST. 1151 Mission st. ; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil CounT~St?~Ger^
maine; 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. $1. --
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush 1
st.; 15 years' 'experience: references given.
MUSICAL i NSTIiUMENT
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $.". $4 and
jr. per month. SHERMAN, clay & CO., '
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW FINE BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, in good order $ 52 00
S.-itz; a bargain 130 00
Weber: fine condition 15100
Kingsbury: good as new 175 00
Smith & Barnes; walnut case 190 00
Chlckerlng: In splendid order 240 00
Six dollar monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & son. 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and ;
all other musical Instruments of all grades t
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5; '
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists: his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
ASTONISHING opportunity; high grade piano
at such a bargain as seldom found; see at
once. Room 12, E1... d building.
A-$4OO UPRIGHT piano, nearly new, for $125
cash.. 120fi Devisadero st.
R. A. DANIELS ls now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post St.
HIGH GRADE upright piano; almost
new; cost $450. 543 Chenery; San Mateo cars.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER BYRON MAUZY. and other pianos
308 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rp nts $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento rt.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos. .
BARGAIN "" Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next Hibernia Punk.
KNARE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
-11 i* & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old -nd new. 117
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mlnlngTas-
saylng, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market st;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English*! branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day, !
evening. San FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE^ 1236 Market st. \
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- !
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi. ; day & eve. ; i
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast ■
to learn it practically; rapid calculations; j
short time. TARR 572 Parrott building.
DANCING taught: ballroom or stage; private
or class. IRVINE. 421 Post at.. near Powell.
MAKE money easy by selling tickets for con-
cert and dance. PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM' S^Bus^
mess College, 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. P., and. MM Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence. j
MARGARET JACKSON, professor piano, har-
mony, voice culture. Studio 523 Turk st.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. ,De I."ihppe*'s i
Academy of Languages. 320 Post: ablest profs.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for jl,
postage paid.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
I STooTi^^OCEßY^and'bar; this a big bargain.
? ?e,177.; , -77 and bar in business part; cheap.
Downtown liquor store; Investigate.
™7, rar e chance; fine cigar store.
$1000-A r rman Am erlcan. 34 Kearny st.
$1200-HOTEL: city front; retiring from bus.|
$! cause '.?",;■..• MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
BUTCHER shop bargain this day: call at
B once TOWING ft CO- 898 Market st.
$225-RESTAURANT; fine fixtures: good If n a "
tion; $20 per day; bargain. Nat. Ag- 7 Grant.
i"_ to kin) or «ell your business quick for
A ralhap to MOON A CO., 1008% Market st.
SPLENDID opportunity in Ladrone Island
Colony for men of some rneansp . reUaUe. in-
formation. ARTHUR LEWELLYN, -.- ti
j st., Sacramento. __
OLDT^TabllsheoTl^tl^ant and saloon reason-
able- sell) account sickness: good loca-
tion; good trade; southeast corner Broadway
and Front st. ,
LADY oTgentleman with $500 in an established
. business profits $300 per month; strictly hon-
orable; investigate. Box 193. Call offlce.
$350. BUYS restaurant clearing $100 per month;
a genuine bargain; reason, sickness. Address
box 192, Call office.
GOOD-PAYING saloon; easy terms; newly
fitted up: best reasons for selling. Call to-
day, 121 Fourth st. ;
BRANCH bakery and delicacies: _ fl , location:
est. trad.-. great chance. COWING, »5 Markt.
WANTED To buy barber shop. 2 chairs: city
or country; state price Box 2So. Call ofnee.
GOOD-PA YING saloon for sale cheap; owner
going East. Inquire 124 Fourth st.
$400— PARTNER in mechanical business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co.. 9 Geary st.
IF you have $200 to $3000, can place you Is
absolutely safe business, paying $150 to $400
weekly; clear; no risk whatever; handle your
own money; bank security for every _ dollar:
no peddling or canvassing; 30 days' trial;
experience unnecessary; also suitable for la-
dies: mention this paper and address THE.
AMERICAN AUTO-MACHINE CO., 31 Ur^
erty St.. New York.
SPLENDID paying hotel, near city; 13 rooms 2
storerooms; barn; corner; large grounds;
beautiful location; rent, license reasonable;
owner sell lease at great bargain; rare busi-
ness opportunity. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broad-
way, Oakland. ______________
HALF or whole— Fully equipped printing of-
flce; 4 esses; I 30-inch cutter; full assort-
ment of job and body type. J. F. ANOER-
SON. 211 Eddy st.
FINE corner saloon, nicely fitted; doing a good
business; on very easy terms on account of
going East. 1001 Larkin st.
BUTCHER shop: complete outfit: a good
chance for the right man. 1135 Folsom st.
$150— RESTAURANT; good location; good busi-
ness. Apply - 20 Folsom st.
PARTNER is wanted In a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Apply
Call office.
$225— DELICACY, bakery, variety store; living
rooms; fine location; no agents; party leaving
city. Pox 293, Call office
A— s3ooo TO $5000; partner wanted; chance of a
lifetime; business located center city; estab-
lished 12 years; a good chance for steady man.
Call at 850 Market St., room 9, opp. Fourth st.
SALOON on East St.; good business; must ba
sold at once: cheap; owner leaving city. Ad-
dress box 300, Call office.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
AN old estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc.; doing $500 per
mo. going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply ihi^d
office. T\
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
14 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; large yard; downtown (00
18 rooms; clears $100; only 300
1? rooms: exchange for larger house 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 35')
64-room house; clears $300; payments... 3000
54-room house: clears $300 1600
17 rooms: on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Sth.
ROOMING house; 34 rooms; $400 cash.... $SOO
Rooming house; 22 rooms: fine corner 1250
Rooming house; 30 rooms; new and good. 1600
Rooming house; In r. ; new. fine; $200 cash 300
Rmng. house; 100 r. : fine cor.; clears $500 s'"><">o
Rooming: house: 32 r. : on Post: clears $200 2500
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy.
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES
$225— Elegant 6-room flat; new carpets, por-
tieres, etc.
$7500 — 80 rooms; bon-ton of the city; clears
$500 monthly.
$300—9 rooms, elegantly furnished; full of pay-
ing roomers.
$1300—18 rooms; very swell boarding: elegant
dining-room.
For complete list, <■ rooms to 600. call on
KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary St.
$900—25 ROOMS: always occupied; furniture-
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331% Bush st.
SACRAMENTO. 041 Lodging-house, - 15 well-
furnished rooms: rent $40.
ROOMING house of 13 rooms for rent: the fur-
nitnre for sale. 2 Washington St.
3
CARPET CLEANING. 1
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
• 3R and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
L 3
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st:— For sale, 1
bund saw. 1 12-inch Pony planer, 1 2% horse-
power gas engine, 1 hydraulic pump (3 plun-
gers, high pressure), boilers, engines, pumps,
second hand.
THOROUGHBRED batching eggs; Langshan.
Cochin, Plymouth Rock, Brahma, Minorca,
Houdan. Spanish Leghorns, Hamburg. Polish;
also fowl. KRAUS. 1031 McAllister st.
■•'-gallon tank for sale; a great bargain.
JACOB HEYMAN & son. 19 Montgomery st.
FINE fresh Durham cow cheap. 310 Rutledga
live., bet. 28th and 29th and Alabama sts.
FOR sale, cheap _• <-ks and tackle, hooks, step
ladders, etc. 2090 Mission St. •
KLONDIKE boats and dories cheap. AL
ROGERS, boat builder. Alameda Point.
NATIONAL cash register and fire-proof safe
for sale cheap nt 12 Main St. __U_._B_3
ELEGANT $140 diamond, $75. See lt at 14
Fifth st.
PI PE— BOOO feet 3, 3%. 4 and 6 inch for steat*^"
air or water; fittings. W. F. THOMPSON,
40 Main st.
$20— GOOD 500-egg Incubator. 1308 Wood st.,
near Slxteenth-st. depot. Oakland.
YACHT. 27 feet long. 11 feet beam; cheap.
LEE'S Boathouse. Fourth and Kentucky sts.
PARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and offl.a
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
CAMERAS— of new Premos. Pocos, etc.
(drummers' samples), to dispose of at once";
will sell below cost. 513 Examiner building.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine
almost new. See EPSTEIN. 64S Mission st!
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler engine etc"
WHITE'S. 316 Mission St.
FOR sale— Fine large upright piano, almost
new, at a sacrifice. 375* Twenty-fourth st.
FRESH Jersey cow for. sale; cheap. Apply at
122 Farallon st. . Ocean View.
COMPUTING scale, revolving platform: Na-
tional cash register, nickel plated 718 Turk.
BOILERS. engines, second-hand machinery.
ashman & BURKE 13:' Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelvlns mirrors,
bought, sol I nnd exchanged. 1063 Mlsslcn st.
DOMESTIC »»wlng machine: good condition;
complete, cheap. 1915 Mission st., near 15th.
PULLEYS eoxe.v.l by |«\t. leather prevent slip,
page; _iu\e» power. Cil. Helt C^., 519 Mission.
SAFES— A ll -.Ur-.. new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINB engines- 1 horsepower. llOoTiTsi^
3. $150; M, |«,\, SMITH CO.. 1.27 Mission st!
POLYPHONK, $;»; it men! (only), $15; will •
_flt phono or graphophone. olgalupl, 933 Mkt. i
SAFES Purgalftt* In new and second-hand' all *
_slzes: half Original cost. '.'MI Market. S. f!
BO IK DIM' MOl Si , . TO LEI.
LINCOLN Hotel, suitable for saloon, lunch.
coffee and lodging house. 431 Fifth st.CITY REAL ESTATE.
C. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st.
•..•. •"" ' ' ■';■',.■■ ' . -*• . .
BUSINESS PROPERTIES.
HAIGHT-ST. INVESTMENT— CORNER.
$2C. sl*o— Nearly now buildings, modern, In
rtorea and flats; rents $3036 per annum; 68:9 x
72:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON MISSION ST.
$25,000— Improvements could be enlarged nt
small expense and be made a good-paying in-
512,500 —5 flats a short distance from Market
St.; rent $liV,; 23x137:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON HAVES ST. i
fsv.o_store and 6 flats would pay at least 10 -
.per cent net on the Investment; 25x120; 2 front-
ages: in the heart >.!' tlie business section of
Hayes Valley; Improvements of little value;
present renlii J4_i. per annum.
FOURTH ST.
JS7OO— 23xS5; rents $660 per annum; to close an
Cfctate. . '
TO ."LOSE AN ESTATE.
$CS5O— 2 substantial 3-story houses: present
rents $55. which can be increased: 37:6x90;
houses coul.l be converted into 4 Hats and 2
Kores and be made one of the best-paying in-
vestments in the city; a real bargain.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
INVESTMENT— PACIFIC HEIGHTS —VERY
. CHOICE.
$22,000—2 elegant 3-story modern houses, 15
rooms und both each; rents $15.00 per annum:
Washington st. ; no reasonable offer refused;
50:6x127:!. ...:..:
FOUR ELEGANT MODERN FLATS.
514.3.1"""— . elegant modern flats m McAllister
«L; rents!sl32o per annum: 50x100.
TWO ELEGANT MODERN FLATS.
$12..Vt>— 2 elegant modern flats; rents $553 rer
annum; 25._57:6; only a short distance from
Market St. :
POST-ST. investment:
$11.500— Rents $S4O per annum; 2 nearly new-
modern houses of g nnd 6 rooms and bath each;
65x137:6; room for another house; present im-
provements could be converted into flats at
small outlay and property be made to pay at
least 10 per cent per annum.
MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED.
$S2iX>— 3 houses of S, 7 nnd 7 rooms and bath j
enoh; rent $65; 50:3x100. We are Instructed by j
the heirs to offer this property at this price for
a few days only; last appraisement $11,000.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$6000 — rrice greatly reduced; 2 substantial 3- [
ft. ry houses of 8 rooms and bath each; rents i
$720 per annum: 37:6x71; a gnat bargain.
FILLMORE ST.-THREE FLATS.
$3300—3 flats, nearly new and modem, and lot;
rents $340 per annum.
FLATS ON HAVES ST.
$2575— 3 flats and lot; rents $312 per annum;
this is a real bargain.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE-CHEAP.
$900— 2-story house and .lot; 7 rooms; near
Hyde and California st. cars.
RESIDENCES.
___:
AN ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
$cooo— Elegant 2-story and basement residence
of 10 room, and b.r.h on Page St.; must be seen
to be appreciated; 30x137:6.
A I'.AKGA LN" -ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$770:" -—Modern residence on Washington st. ;
Pa.-::ic Heights; elite location; 26.\127:5V4.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON FILLMORE ST.
J.._50~ Fine modern 2-story and basement resl-
dence of 7 rooms and bath; £5x137:6; a real bar-
RESIDENCE ON HAIGHT ST.
$.'3oo— Fine modern residence of 12 rooms and
bath, etc.; 25x112:6; very cheap.
ANOTHER FINE RESIDENCE.
$4530-Elegant 2-story and basement residence
of 7 rooms nnd bath, etc.; modern; 30x110; will
exchange for Alameda projiertv.
RESIDENCE NEAR TllE PARK.
$3000— -New modern residence of 6 rooms and
bnth. storeroom; etc.; 25x139; very cheap; Stan-
yan st.; line view; 2 minutes' walk from tha
COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
$150O— Nice cottage of 4 rooms; bay-windows;
very cheap; close to Castro and 24th sts.
FINE CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
$35!»— Good location in the Western Addition;
b th Btreets accepted; 35x105.
16 VERY CHEAP AND CHOICE ..DING
LOTS.
$100 i) and upward— Corner. $2000; 1 block from
Market st.; Noe, Henry and 14th sts.; Noe st.
accepted by the city, other streets macadam-
ized; 25x105 and 25x115; corner 27:6x105; level,
on grade and ready for building; offered at
very low prices, and, being _io nicely located,
ore selling rapidly.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
. ri.-/' which contains a list of properties for
tale In all parts of the city.
G. H. L'MBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE,
R.-al Estate Agents, Rent Collectors an
Insurance Brokers.
13S MONTGOMERY ST. -
$377.0— Brick house. S rooms and bath; lot 22:6
>.:-7.-; feet; South Park.
$4250— Near Haight and Broderick sts.; 2-
Ftory bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x100 feet; want an offer.
$-230— Bryant st.. near Third; flne house, 3
rooms and bath; lot 25xS0 feet.
$15.500— Grand Investment; producing $130 per
month: corner; on Webster St.; 3 houses, 7 and
J. rooms and bath each.
$3230 — Two new flats, 5 and 6 rooms; lot 23
xIOC teet: near the park; a snap.
$10,000— Want un ..ffer; Stevenson St., near
Sixth; lott sox7o '.feet; fair Improvements; rent-
ing for $6S per month.
$3500 — Two new modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
Liberty st., near Valencia; lot 25x114 .feet.
$35uo — Corner lot on Larkin st.; line marine
view; 46;2x:<7:7 feet.
$3100— Lot 31x70 feet; Ellis st.. near Laguna;
fine location for flats and cheap.
$4250— Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 43:9 x
137:6 feet; well located on McAllister St.; big
bargain.
We will offer thp following properties at auc-
tion on Tuesday, May 2, at our salesroom. Cat-
alogues now ready:
Income producing property on Sixth St.; rents
$20?.
Northwest corner on Eddy st ; 22:6x75 feet;
unimproved.
Chotce building lot on Dolores St.. near
Twenty-second.
Fine corner on Golden Gate aye.
Grand residence, 2233 Washington st., near
Buchanan.
Nice home. 2532 Washington st.
Fine business corner: northwest corner Post
and Broderick sts.; rents $50 per month; mort-
gage $6000.
Cozy cottage In the Mission: 242 Chattanooga.
These properties are a selected ■ list, and in
each case owner is determined to make sale.
HOUSES and cars built on easy terms near the
lovely ocean beach. Forty-eighth aye. and J
St.. within 10 minutes'. walk of the Cliff and
fronting the Ijoulevard. Branch offlce estab-
lished on the block. JACOB HEYMAN &
SON, Owners and Builders., 19 Montgomery st.
8 NEW houses for sale on the Heyman Trar-t.
Twenty-third st. and Hoffman aye.. on $15
find $20 monthly installments. Stop paying
rent. Do not delay, but come and see us
for explanation. You can get a home for
your rent money Instead of enriching the
landlord month after month.
Take Mlsslon-st. cars, transfer to Twentv-
second Bt. Ride to the terminus of the line,
which brings you to the tract Our branch
office is near by. where our agent will talk
,0 JA?6B HEYMAN A SON. Owners and
Builders. I? Montgomery et.
$10 .MONTHLY will buy you a new 3-room
cottage near Holly Park; near Mission elec-
tric cars. ,- r ... - :
$100-rLOTS in Colma. on- the -Icrtrlc road: easy
tern s. JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Mr.ntgomery st.
$!'O- LOTS south of GoYden cite i'ark In
block 528.-J close to block 726: 310 down and
t l '? "•'■nth. JACOB HEYMAN & SON.
J. i _M. _*dir..m»ry st.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST-Oakland suburbs
near fc. i<. or electric station, 40 minutes from
S I-., 15 minutes from -Oakland; home lots In
sizes to suit; 50x123 feet, with a new modern
'...ttage/ for $650: planted in shade and fruit
trees ( i beautiful summer home); $50 down
balance to suit purchaser. Further particu-
lars, address JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 13
Montgomery st.. S. F.. or 902 Broadway.
( tux lt'iriiJ
$3 •■'■■ -CORKER Parker and McAllister sts. : 62
xlOO; street work done; has fine marine view"
a *p . * ioo BP * ° I<l<;n Gate aye -> I*'"ar1 *'" ar First
n g;^' thi «*: st.. Dear Twenty-
sKso-C._uage. 5 rooms and bath; Twenty-
sixth St., near Sanchez; very chean . rwentj
cl?e[;pr COrner TCXa3 and 75x100;
$600— Masonic Rt., near Ooneresi- 25x190
McEWEN BROS.. HS Mo^omcry* St.
FOR SALE ~
xorth^-i^^i-li^i^iip
;• * .* Scott and bevisadero
line sunny lot; unusual frontage and death-
belongs to non-residents and muHt be sold*
see It, please: no reasonable offer refused'
Particulars of JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate
Agent. 420 Montgomery st. estate
FOR SAL' OR EXCHANGE ~ '
Turk st 7.7.7.7 ""
Half 7 50- v ara
......House of 12 rooms. Just renovated
Very little cash required above mortgage or
will take small house or cottage for equity-
chance for bargain. Particulars of JULIEN
SMITH, Real Estate Asent, 420 Montgom-
ery st.
EASY terms; small cash payment: 6-room- cot-
tuge; every convenience; open for Inspection
to-day. Tiffany aye., near Twenty-ninth and
. Guerrero sts. ... ' . .-, . :-;_V.Jv
CHEAP .ota for sale; south of park; all prices
GEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery st.
$23,000— BUSINESS property; rent $159 per
month. Box 301, Call office.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
PARK LOTS^
PARK LOTS. „__
PARK LOTS.
Selling Like Hoi Cakes. Over 100 Lots Sold.
$25 CASH; $5 MONTHLY.
• Come out to our branch offlce Sunday and see
the lar-.-,. number if people there buying lots;
most successful sale In years; cheapest lots of-
fered in years
PRICE $200 UPWARD.
TERMS $25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth. Ninth. Tenth and Eleventh
' .".ves., near Golden Gate Park; large amount of
street work now being .lone and many new
.homes being erected: take Haight or Ellis st.
cars, transfer to electric road running to the
I Cliff House, get off at H st. and Ninth aye.;
i cur branch ofiioe is on the corner— minis, price-
li - *-. etc., there. ,,.,.. .
BALDWIN & HOW ELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PARK FRONTAGES. .
Stanyan st. between Beulah and Frederick;
accepted street (bltuminlzed); care pass.
; UN'S.
i
SPECULATION.
IT.
BALDWIN & HOWELL* 10 Montgomery st.
A— sl7so; Powell aye., close to Mission St.; 3
thils of 4, 4 and 3 rooms each; lot 25x100; this
is- a very good Investment.
$21.000— Large corner. 5'.'x75.. junction Market
': and Valencia sts.; improvements. 3-story build-
-
$247.0— Modern cottage; $200 cash, balance
monthly: Eureka st.. near Nineteenth; up-to-
date house; contains 3 room?; porcelain bath,
${] rtoo— Jackson St., ln Presidio Heights dis-
trict; lot 27:6x127: sunny side of street; im-
provements. 2-story and attic residence of 10
rooms. 2 baths and all conveniences; marine
view.
$.000— Offer wanted; rent $77.; California st.;
lot 25x137:6; 2 handsome flats of 7 rooms, etc.;
each; always .rented ; splendid investment,
$75(» x — sLX"' cash; balance monthly; As hbury
St., near Fell; modern residence, containing 9
rooms and bath; all the latest conveniences;
■lot 25x103.
$13,500— Rent $117 50; Union St.. east of Tay-
lor: large lot. with, good improvements; all
rented.
$7.''o-Rent $60: Clara st., within 70 feet of
j Sixth st.: splendid renting neighborhood; large
lot. 44x80; a good Investment.
$.'ooO— Steuart st., near Market; 2-story bull !
! ing. containing store and flat above of 5 rooms;
rent' sso.
i $14000— Rent $S7 50: brand-new flats, within
| half a block of Golden Gat ■ Park Panhandle;
; 3 tlats. containing 6 rooms and bath each; mod-
I crn plumbing and every convenience
HANDSOME FLATS
AT THE MISSION
$4i.O— Beaver St.. near Market and No< ts.;
2 nice flats; contain 6 rooms and bath each;
both rented.
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$2400— Connecticut St., neu- Twentieth: 2 flats
of 4 rooms and bath each; always rented.
LAYS OVER 10 PER CENT.
$*>'-''■ handsome new flats, close to the
Park; up-to-date In every respect: marble steps,
etc.; sun in every room; best bargain In the
mnrket.
$20,000— Best part of Western Addition (Pan-
handle distrlotj; 6 handsome new flats of 6
rooms and bath each : large corner lot, 50x106:3;
a splendid income property: rent $1!'0.
$3500 — Not far from the corner of Stanyan and
Frederick -ts. ; I^4-story residence, containing
S rooms and bath; lot 25xS0; easy terms; house
cost $4000 tO build.
$7500— Rent $£.'.; splendid new 2-story and base-
ment building on Hayes st., not far from town,
containing 2 handsome sunny flats of 7 rooms
each: lot 25x137:0.
$5250— Washington st., near Powell; 2-story
brick building, contain 10 rooms and base-
ment; large corner lot, 40x77:6; building covers
only portion of lot.
$6151 Rent $67 50; Larkin st., near Broadway;
3 flat - of 3 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot
24x100; large mortgage can remain; must be
sold.
$8500— Rent $72: Mason st., near Clay: 3-story
house. 10 rooms and bath; also double Cottage
of 6 rooms each; lot 40x60.
$6300-~-Rent $65; facing the Park Tanhandle;
2 handsome flats of 6 and 7 rooms ar.d bath
each; large lot. BALDWIN &■ HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
__
______
RENTS $38 PRICE $3000.
<". flats, south of Market st. ; lot -'"xl 1": prop-
erty all rented; these flats must be sold; will
shade this cheap price.
NEAP. THE PARK PANHANDLE.
3 fine, new, modern flats; rented for $S7 30;
lot 25x106; price $9000.
SEVENTH ST., NEAR NEW TOSTOFFICE.
Store and 3 rooms below; S rooms above;
rents $50; price $5000; will take less.
CHEAP MISSION COTTAGE.
On Twenty-second St.. In the Mission; 4
rooms and bath; lot 23:11x114; price only $1300.
HOLLY PARK RESIDENCE.
On Richmond aye.; good S-room bouse; lot
26:9x100; price $2000.
STORE AND 6-ROOM FLAT.
On Clement St., near Second aye., In Rlch-
'.ir.ond; rents $30; lot 25x100; price $3500.
'-.."if
ON CALIFORNIA ST.
A cheap lot on California St., near Twelfth
aye.; fine level lot 25x100; reduced to $600.
■
VERY CHEAP.
Lot on Fourteenth St., near Market; 26x115.
A BERKELEY HOME.
A beautiful home in Berkeley, near Uni-
versity grounds; 10-room house and large lot,
having two frontages; will trade for Western
Addition residence and pay some cash; price
—SEND FOR OUR LIST—
—ALAMO SQUARE LOTS—
—PANHANDLE LOTS—
—PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS—
-PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS-
McAFEE BROS McAFEE BROS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
$45.000— Choice property, adjacent to Tivoli; 3-
story improvements; lot 35x137:6; this is
$40,000— A flne large property^ 185-foot front; 2
corners; good depth; well improved;
rents $4320.
$38,500— Eddy St.; income $3 r 'o per month: hand-
some new improvements; choice block;
■
$27,ooo— Business property, paying 6 per cent
net; nor Mark.-t and Powell sts.
$25,000— Eddy St.; downtown corner; very de-
sirable for stores and hotel; lot 37:6 x
$22.500— Rents S22S per month; fine business cor-
ner; new improvements.
$20,000— Mission st., near Seventh; lot 45-foot
front; fine Improvements; near new
postoffice.
$12,000— O'Farrell st.; choice business corner;
stores and flats: fine buildings; rents
$!>0: $6000 mortgage can remain.
$10,000— Bush st., near -Powell; house of 18 rooms
and bath; lot 27:6x137:6; rent $100.
$S,soo— Thlrd-st. business property, near How-
ard; rents *77: a snap.
$8,000 — Ksw modern hou.:e of 14 rooms; on Alta
Plaza; at a bargain; sec this.
$3,750 Fine speculation; lot about 60x100;
bread, bitumlnlzed streets; near Six-
teenth and Valencia; and Improvements;
$2,B7s— O'Farrell-st. cottage, near Girls' High
School; large lot, 27:6x137:6; big bar-
gain.
$2,Boo— But make an offer: Ashbury-st. house
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 50x100.
$1,630— Cottage and lot' on Church st.; business
block; house contains 5 rooms and bath;
this is a bargain; see this.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
A.' J. RICH .-. CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, 112 Montgomery st.
$9000— Must be sold; reduced from $12,000; an
elegant residence. 10 rooms and bath, in finest
condition: sanitary plumbing, etc.; Bush St.,
near Webster; make an offer.
$10,000—60x155; Guerrero st.; largo residence,
stable ond garden. .'-'.-.*
$jiooo— Paclflc st., near Montgomery aye.;
brick Improvements: let 23x137:0; pays 10 per
cent -
sll, ooo— Post-st. residence, near an Ness
aye.: 10 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x137:6.
$4100— Haight st. and Central aye.; choice lot;
3 frontages; flne location for building flats.
$3200— McAllister St.: lot ■ 137:8; near ' levlsa-
dero Et. ; convenient to cable and electric cars.
BUSINESS INVESTMENTS.
$300,000— Downtown business location; payi 5
per cent net: 5-stcry brick building.
$30,000— Taylor St., near Market.
$17., Geary at., between Mason and Taylor.
A. .1 RICH & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, 112 Montgomery st.
POINT RICHMOND.
25 acres adjoining depot site of Vnlley rail-
road; water front of 1000 feet at a bargain.
Alta Punts Tract, San Pablo aye.. 2 miles
north of Berkeley; valley land; in acreage or
lota; terms to- suit; send for mat..
Van Ness aye.. northeast corner: 43x125;
choice property; look at It.
G. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome st.
$235—25x100: NEBRASKA et., between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth; $30 cash, balance 8 per
month.
BARGAIN.
$450— High level lot, 40x122:6. at station In"
East Berkeley; street macadamized: electric
cars. Address m.. box 96. Call office.
CASH snap— Three stores with living rooms;
on Mission st. : lot M ft. front; price $5500;
.ash. $3500; balance can remain. ROBINSON,
■ji*'-. Geary St., room 27.
$500—75x100; HOUSE, 3 rooms and barn, at Col-
ma. C. C. FISHER, 624 Mark. I st.
PRESIDIO Heights; it sold before May 1, 12-
-room modern residence. 305 Spruce st.. $S000;
also south side of Washington St.. between
Laurel and Locust, 3SxI2S, ready to build. $90
per foot; also NW. corner Clay and Maple
sts., 'any size, $127. per foot; easy terms.
WALLACE BRADFORD, 760 Mission st.
FOR sale or exchange for city property, 30
acres. 3 minutes from Redwood Station.
HOOKER & LENT, 11 Post st.
ELEGANT new 2-story house, 8 rooms and
bath; marine view; Interior decoration; SW.
corner Leavenworth and Chestnut ets.; cheap.
fc , — : — — • ; j_^_^gg__sa_i_9i>__.__ia_>aa_i ig___K_i_at-iiff_e«___.: -.
THE SAN FT-AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY; APRIL 23, 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.-
Established ISSS. 626 Market st.
Stockton st., first block from Market; fine
piece of business property at a bargain.
Mission st., bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2 flats; can
be raised and store put under at email expense;
lot 30x57:6; a bargain.
Must be sold— fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents i
very' low, $55; only $7200; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough st., near Fulton; 11 rooms and !
bath; laundry a*nd large cellar; lot 31x52:6.
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house in perfect
order; Hampshire St., near Eighteenth; lot 26x
100.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-flrst st., near Va-
lencia: rents $3'J per month; lot 23x90.
$". ,v O'Farrell st., near Devlsadero; 3 houses; j
rents $42 per month; lot 47,x50.
Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$1300— Near Sixteenth and Church sts.; cottage |
of 4 rooms and lot 26x70.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavia '
st.; U27:8.
Corner on Halgbt and Octavia sts.; 1 block
off Market: 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
$520.1— 0ak St., opposite the Park, near Clay-
ton; 50x137:6.
Church st., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
per lot.
$2000— California, near Broderick; 24:9x82:8.
$8500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100..
$2750 — Clay st., near Spruce 27 6x127:8.
$2000— Twenty-first st., near Sanchez; 7.0x114. . |
JlfiOO— Filbert St., cor. Buchanan; 25x90.
-Union st., near Webster; 25x100
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st. ; 25x120.
$;.00— Twenty-first St., between Diamond and l
Eureka; 25x97:6.
$SoO— Jersey St., near Noe; 2'x114.
$800— Twentieth St.. cor. Douglass; 80x110.
California rt., near Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
$Soo— Tremont aye., near Frederick st. . 25x73.
MADISON .v BURKE, 026 Market st.
z=
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
=
POLK ST. CORNER.
$40.000— Elegant corner on Polk St.; 8 2-story
dwellings; all have been put in flrst-
clni-s condition; rents well; lot 125x165
feet: must be sold.
MONTGOMERY-ST. CORNER.
$20,000— Three-story brick and iron building on
Montgomery st.; large lot, 50x137; must
be sold. .
SIXTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$25,000— Near Market St.; four stores, with S
flats above; rents $2472 per annum; lot
75x90.
EDDY-ST. RESIDENCE.
$15,000— Large modern residence; 1 block from
Van Ness aye.; in one of the best resi-
dence districts in the city; mortgage of
$11,000 can remain; lot 34:4x120 to rear
street.
"RAMENTO-ST. PROPERTY.
$6,OCO— On Sacramento st.. near Kearny; 2-
story brick building: store and upper
floor of 6 rooms: this property Is held in
trust and must be sold.
POST-ST. FLATS.
$6,ooo— Two modern flats on. Post St., near De-
vlsadero; 6 and 5 rooms and bath; al-
ways rented: lot 23x77:6.
TWENTY-NINTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$3,500 — Rents $420 per annum; large house, 11
rooms; street work all dune; mortgage
$2300 an remain; lot 54:2x114.
NORTH BEACH COTTAGE.
$I,Boo— Nice cottage of I rooms; near Dupont
St.; street work all done; must be sold.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$1,7.00 — Two-story house of 7 rooms; ln good
condition; 2 blocks from Market and
Third sts.; must be sold.
BARGAIN IN LOTS.
$900 — East side of Sanchez St., 57 feet south
of 19th st.: lot 57x105; must be sold to
close an estate.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$750— Cash balance: remain mortgage $2000
at 6V4 per cent: nice cottage of 6 rooms
and bath; near 1 Bt and Valencia: street
work all done; half block from Valen-
cia-st. cars.
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$500 — One-half block from Mlssion-st. cars; i
street work; cash above bank mortgage
$250.
We hold our regular auction sales every two
weeks. For further particulars apply to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & C.
63b Market st.
: BOARDMAN, HOOPER & CO.,
fREAL ESTATE AGENTS.
12S MONTGOMERY ST.
$16,000 — Handsome new corner residence. 14
rooms and two baths; hard wood floors; every
modern convenience; large lot; reduced from
J20.0C0 to make an immediate Bale; best resi-
dence section of the Western Addition.
$16,000— and, rear flats; Tost st., near
i Larkin; rents Jill monthly; lot 30x120 feet to
j rear street; street work all done and accepted;
bank mortgage of $7501 can main; 6\i per cent.
$9000— Howard st., near Third; stores and
flats; rents $54 monthly; large lot.
$6500— New flats near park; rents $60 monthly;
6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; street work
all done. ,_:..-
-s6ooo —Pine St., near Gough; good house of 11
rooms and bath; lot ■ 137:6; lot alone is worth
more than the price asked.
$4750— N0 reasonable offer will be refused; '
fine house, 9 rooms and bath; Pierce st., near
California; street work ail done.
$3500— Beautiful home in the Mission; 8 rooms
and bath; stable; lot 54x137:6 to rear street.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
sit.- the Nevada Bank.
$5201 Fine house on Clay St., near Webster;
a snap. , .
$64,000— A centrally located property; 1 block
from Market st. and the former Baldwin; im-
proved lot, i 137:6. j
$100.000— Fine Market-st. property; cast of
Third st.
$10,000 only— think of It! for 3 2-story
bay-window houses; brick foundation; bitu-
men garden walks; fine view; on Haight st.,
near Webster; large lot; rent $75.
$23,000— Rent $ISS; offered low to settle an
estate: fine business proposition on Larkin
6t., south of Geary; large lot; substantial 3-
Btory bay-window house 2 stores and 8 Hats
of 6, 5 and 4 rooms each.
$25,000— Rent $160; a prominent northwest
corner, 63x100 feet; Improvement of 3 stores
and 3 flits above and 2 cottages, all rented:
$38,000 was offered for it and refused some 4
years ago: there is a fortune In this property.
$20,000— Mission St.. near Sixth; lot 45xS0
feet, with 2 10-room bouses, which should be
raised and stores put under to make it one of
the best-paying properties. -.-....
$28,500— Rent $2710 per annum: a splendid
business corner in Western Addition. •
$3750 — Rent $30: business property; store and
flats; always rented.
$1900— A BARGAIN; house and lot; Twenty-
fourth Bt., near Church; 75x102. W. H. CRIM
& CO., 118 Montgomery st.
$5000— 2 FLATS, 4 and 6 rooms; bath; stable;
Fair Oaks, near Twenty-third st. ; 30x130. W.
H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
$1700 SACRIFICE; cottage, 5 rooms; brick
foundation; Mission Warm Belt; Harrison, nr.
2?..!; 23:6x100; get in early or you may lose a
snap. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
$2750— F0R 54 lots in South San Francisco; near
electric line. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Mont-
gomery st. . •-.** :.
$1750—137x100: CORNER Alemany and Harring-
ton sts.; Academy Tract, near Mission st.
W. 11. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— Cheap; 2 adjacent level lots on
Richland aye. ; would exchange in part pay-
ment for good lot in Mission warm belt. A,
NEILSON. 1240 Valencia st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100— Choice lots near Ocean Beacb; very
easy installments. .. '.;;...'. ( *
$100— $125— Bargains! Level lots In Ocean
View, near electric cars; $10. down; $5 monthly.
$400 to $1000— Beautiful Sunset Heights lots:
superb view; flne climate; $25 down; $10
monthly.
$250 to $700— Choicest Richmond lots; all bar-
gains; easy payments.
$100 to $300— Lots near Mission-st. electric
cats; ready to build on.
Branch offlce on Ninth aye.. near H St.;
open Sundays;
SOL GET 7, & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
— y
$2200— A NEW C-room and bath cottage, with
all the latest improvements; lot 2.")X12."; $100 ;
.ash, balance $2« monthly; Twentieth st.,
bet. Castro and Noe. F. NELSON, Builder.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 128 and 130; j
-to be sold subject to confirmation by court. 1
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome st.
$16,000— NEW corner residence, 14 rooms and 2'
baths: beautifully decorated throughout; hard- I
ware floors; every modern convenience; large I
lot; reduced from $20,000 to make an imme-
diate sale. For particulars apply to BOARD- 1
MAN. HOOPER & CO.. 188 Montgomery st. •
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages; j '
% block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA Uth.
CITY HEAP, ESTATE.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO..
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
yyy. improved.
30x160 to rear street— Mission St., near Fourth;
rents $146 50; $26, C00.
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st.;
brick Improvements; rents $190.
38x120 to rear street— Ellis St., near Jones; 11-
-room house; rent $65.
47:6xl37:G— Broderick st., north of Golden Gate
aye.; residence, stable, grounds, etc.
20x80— Mission st., near Third; store and
dwelling; $15,000.
37:6x53— Mason st., near Post; 2-story double
houses; rents $57 30; $12,000.
60x137:6 Fine St., near Larkin; old Improve-
ments; $10,000.
30x75— Clementina St., near Fifth; 2 houses;
rents $71: $8500.
25x80— Fourth St., near Harrison; store and
fiat; $6800; sale urgent. .
25x60— Commercial St., near Front; brick
: building; $5000.
61x117—6 modern fiats; rents $110; sunny and
! fashionable; Mission belt.
22:6x110— Vallejo, near Laguna; modern 2-
story residence of 10 rooms and bath; $7000.
Corner Eighteenth and Colllngwood
I sts.; store and flats: $7000.
49 :6x9S— Corner Second and North Park lane;
12-rr.om house; $7000.
23x85— Nineteenth st., near Valencia; 2-story
house of <. rooms and bath; $5000.
24:3x69:9— Green St., near Powell; new modern
bay window flats; rents $38; $4500.
40x137 6 Chestnut St., near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents $33; $4000.
25xS7:6— Twenty-fourth St., near Guerrero; 8-
| room house; $4000.
25x66— Green, near Hyde; modern double flats.
20x76:6— Vallejo st., near Powell; $4000.
25x122:6— st., near Twenty-fourth; 2
flats; $3800.
70x174:1— San Jose road, near Lien Park;
house 7 rooms and bath; $3000,
20x58:9 Brannan place, north of Green st.: 2-
story house and rear house; rents $24; $1600.
2.".x7." Shipley st , near Sixth; 6 flats; rents
$35; $3100.
25x114 6 Twenty-second st., near Guerrero; 2-
story house; $2900.
25x80— Federal St., near First; front and rear
house: rents $26; $2250.
24 :6}4x90— Twenty-sixth st., near Harrison;
1 cottage; $2100.
UNIMPROVED.
50 vara— Hayes and Lyon sts.
63x117:6— Church and Twenty-third sts.
25x100— Florida St., north of Eighteenth; ad-
-1 Joining Union Brewery; offer wanted.
80x71:10— SE. corner Polk and Lombard sis.
24x81 :3— Corner Fillmore and Germanla; $2750.
37:4.ixl37:6— Greenwich, near Folk; $2000.
25x113— Scott st., near Washington.
23x85— Thirteenth st., near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
Thirteenth, bet. Valencia and Jessie.
25x110— Noe St.. near Ford; $1600.
60x188— Corner B st. and Twenty-fifth aye.
25:8x114 Twenty-eighth, near Dolores; $1000.
25x90— Twenty-fourth st.. n^ar Douglass; $850.
120x100— Lot in Abbey Homestead.
Silver Terrace Homestead lots cheap.
"
EXAMINE THIS LIST.
$3500— RENT $72 A MONTH.
Few feci from Cth and Folsom sts.; 50-foot
lot and 6 fine flats; $12,0*10 offered for this prop-
erty a few yean ago; this is a bargain.
GILT-EDGED BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$65,001 RENT $412.
Choice Retail Street. Never Vacant.
Fine 2-story building; 'shoe store and millin-
er; on one of our best retail streets.
$30.750— EAST OF POLK ST.
Fine location fur first-class lodging house;
| large lot, 75x137:6; present rents $170 a month.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT.
$2600— Large lot, 30x127:8^1 sunny side of
street; a fine residence on each side; worth
$3500, but must sell.
$8250-R~..»T $72 50.
Choice grocery corner; no other grocery' with-
in 2 blocks; located in finest part of Western
Addition. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
'V-'-v/'y- 20 Montgomery st.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery St.
$6500— Bush st., north side, between Mason and
Taylor; 22:6x100; .Id house; rents $42 50; fine
location for flats.
$3000— A sacrifice; mortgaged for $3900; Twen-
ty-third st., near Sanchez; house of 7 rooms
and bath; stable, etc.; will sell for $900 less
than mortgage.
0 Cleveland St.. between Sixth and
Seventh, close to park; double house, 8 rooms;
rents $24; lot 25x75.
$6300— Fine lot; north side of Washington st,,
near Lyon; 50x102.
$14,000- New colonial residence; NW. corner
Spruce and Clay sts. (fine marine view); house
finished In oak and natural woods; oak floors;
handsome chandeliers and electric fixtures; art
glass windows, furnace, etc.
$6500— Presidio Heights; marine view district;
nearly new residence, 10 rooms; all modern im-
provements; hard wood floors, furnace, etc.;
easy terms.
$7300— 50-vara lot on Presidio Heights, with
civ .Ice marine view.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS.
PRICE $4800.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained in a
new building; street bitumlnlzed: terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
C. C. BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114
feet.
$2800- North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 50x'
137:6 feet.
Residence and lot— North line Paclflc aye.,
near Webster; lot 30x127 .8% feet. .-•-; *. V
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms. •
$350- LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6, level, fenced; 1
block from 2 ear lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell St., rooms 1 and 2.
IF you have lets that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY IIKAL IiSTATK.
THE prettiest place around Vullejo Valley;
highly located; nice view; healthful climate;
only 2 miles from town; on Sulphur Springs
road; 5 acres of land; fine hard-finished B-
room house, cellar and summer kitchen at-
tached; furnished, including piano; also out-
buildings adjoining each other, consisting of
barn, stables, wagon shed, toolroom, chicken-
houses, etc.; fine horse; '.. new wagons an.l a
cart; 4 harnesses, single and double; wine and
cider pies-; a full set of farming and garden
Implements, carpenter and plumbing tools,
and many other things too numerous to men-
tion; 2 new aermotor windmills; abundance of
water; 10,600-gallon tanks; i artesian well,
with pump; water piped all over the place;
vegetable garden; place set out in orchard
nnd ornamental trees; fruit of all kinds and
of the best varieties, among which are 300
ulmond trees.
N. B.— This property Is a beautiful home
and In perfect condition; price $3500, or will
exchange for city Income-bearing property.
Call on or address FRED HOLLMAN, Vallejo,
cor. Virginia an.l Santa Clara sts.
A FINE 10,000-aere stock ranch In Santa Clara
County; controls 6000 acres adjoining; 175 good
springs; well fenced and cross-fenced; native
grasses to carry 1500 head of cattle; price $4 50
per acre; stock extra. For full Information
address McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco.
FARM for sale— 7s acres good valley land; 13
acres timber and pasture; good buildings;
spring water at house; 4 miles south of St.
Helena, li. miles west of Rutherford: will
sell at a low price. Inquire at place. JOHN
J. BUCK, St. Helena P. O.
10-ACRE tracts of flne fruit land near New-
castle, Nevada and Placer counties; finest
Bartlett pear belt ln California; over 2000
bearing fruit trees near by; no Interest; no
taxes: $13 to $25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN
& SON, 10 Montgomery st.
$1100— 6 1-3 ACRES In Walnut Creek. Contra
Costa County; -nice house, 4 rooms; large
. barn; 1 acre bearing fruit: alfalfa field to
keep 3 cows all the year round; nice country
home and Income; great bargain. L. OES-
TERREICHER. 630 Market St.
FOR sale— Lovely home, 15 miles from Oak-
land, of 14 acres: 6 in orchard: 2 In vineyard;
good well and windmill; house of 0 rooms and
bath and other outbuildings; very cheap at
$2800. Address MRS. M. E. DALY, Walnut
(reek, Contra Costa County.-
-20 ACRES, near county seat; 2 railroads; 7-
year-old olive, peach and pear trees; 3-room
house; outbuildings; $1500, half cash, balance
time. DR. H., 1412 Maple aye., Log Angeles.
2 SMALL ranches near city; cheap and on easy
terms. See owner afternoon at room 8, Vic-
toria House, Clay, st., Oakland.
FOR rent or sale— Roadside house: 2 acres land,
stock, furniture and fixtures: Mission road, !
bet. Six and Seven Mile House. C. C. FISH-
ER, 624 Market st., room 3.
WANTED— Country home. 1 to 10 acres; house
not less than 5 rooms; within 2 hours' travel
from San Francisco; give full description
list of Implements, etc.; state lowest price.
Address R. S., 2526 Mission st.
2 LOTS on Twenty-second St.. near York- 25x
100 each; $2860. PHILBRICK. 809 Shotwell st.
TWO flats. Twenty-first St., bet. Folsom and
Harrison; lot 25x100; also adjoining lot 25x
100; all for $5600. PHU/BRICK, 809 Shotwell.
SONOMA County land— For bargain lists write
to ANDREW PRICE, Healdsburg, Cal.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
MARIN CO., 26 miles from S. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay., grain
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm 27, Sth floor. Mills bldg., S.F.
LAKE County; stock, grain, fruit and poultry
ranches: Improved and unimproved. C. H.
BOLLES, Kelseyville, Cal. .7,
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— Continued j
MILL VALLEY— Cottage. 5 rooms, bath; stable;
fruit trees, oak trees, flowers, etc.; lot 7."x
110; corner of Lovell aye. and Oak st. Apply
2719 Bryant aye.
FOR SALE — Chicken ranch and suburban
house, 4 acres, cheap. T. Abrams, Petaluma.
NEW rich lamd near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., S. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cotton.wood. Shasta County, Cal.
BELVEDERE REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — A bargain: one of the handsomest
residences on beautiful Belvedere; 8 modern
rooms and large lot; fronting on both roads;
1-3 cash, bai. monthly. Box .4, fall office.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$7600, REDUCED from $9000— Sale or half ex-
j change, a lovely home, all modern: 9 rooms;
large "rounds, etc.; beautifully located In
best part of Oakland. ALDEN CO., 902 Broad-
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley Real Estate.
San Francisco Office, Rooms 15 and 16,
Second Floor, Mills Building.
! Oakland Office, Corner Eighth and Broadway.
$50,000— Broadway business block; 3-story
brick building, almost new; good rentals; first-
class tenants; lot 37^ feet front; mortgage to
bank $24,000 at low rat" of Interest; owner will
take part .-ash and part farming la. for
excess of mortgage; a rare chance for per-
manent Income.
I $2500— 0n Fourth aye., East Oakland; 2-story
residence; 8 rooms and bath; large lot; former
price $3600; half cash and balance in good un-
[ incumbered property.
$5250— Reduced from $727,0; finest 7-room cot-
tage ln Oakland; within 5 blocks of Twelth and
Broadway; lot 38x108; fine location for physi-
-1 cian.
$2500 — All clear of Incumbrance; Willow St.,
! near Twelfth; 2 flats; income $20 per month;
want to trad- for San Francisco property; pay
cash difference.
Fruitvale home at half its value; fine
large house of 9 rooms, 2 porcelain bath open
fireplaces and all modern improvements; has
, been remodeled and put In perfect condition;
j li 80x275; stable, greenhouses, beautiful
! grounds; 5 minutes to Fruitvale or Twenty-
' third aye. station; elegant surroundings; a
great bargain : worth $6500; $500 cash payment
to right parties; apply at once.
$2350— modern flats'; good location; built
last year; rented for $24; cost $3300.
$1500 to $2300—4 modern cottages; bargains;
all ln good central locatinos; easy terms.
$3600— Fine 9-room residence; best location;
must be sold; cost $6000 5 years ago; $3000 mort-
gage can remain. - •*'
• 5-room cottage, near local station; cost
to build. $17.00; lot worth $750; formerly rented
for $25 per month.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
Rooms 15 and 16, second floor, Mills building,
San Francisco, or 901 Broadway, corner
Eighth st., Oakland.
$6000— FOR exchange; about : acre, all in gar-
den; 7-room - house, bar. restaurant, dancing
pavilion and arbors; in Fruitvale.
$200 cash— 3-room cottage In East Oakland;
all modern; lot 40x110; street work all done;
* balance. $1800, $20 per month.
$750 — l-room cottage an I barn; city water;
lot SCxIOS; lilt trees and fine garden; Fruit-
vale.
$65.00— F0r exchange; 9-room house, stable,
windmill and tankhouse; lot 65x125; on fine
street; center of Oakland.
Apply JAMES E. WHITE,
906 Broadway, rooms 36 and 37,
Oakland, Cal.
WRITE TO ' ~
E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
If you want a farm or home In a beautiful
land.
Fruit, dairy, agriculture or stock farm, large
or small; perfect titles; specialties of large
tracts for colonies, lumbermen or cattle-
ranch In California and Mexico. For sale or
exchange, 1000 ranches, city residence and busi-
ness property, business chances, orange groves,
vineyards; houses rented; taxes paid; corre-
spondence solicited.
E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
—
A LOVELY 9-room house ln Alameda; large
grounds; rent quick: near local trains. E. E
BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— lsoxlso on Tenth aye., as a whole
or in subdivision, $20 per front foot for quick
sale.
$2600 — Modern 6-ronm cottage on good lot:
choice location on Tenth aye.. near school
and churches. B. H. WELCH & CO., 1353
Fifth aye.
NORTH Oakland real estate In great demand.
For the best bargains in cottages, lots or
acreage property apply to R. J. MONTGOM-
ERY, "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
quarters,'' 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
SOMETHING new— The Deering Tract: choice
lots $100.. $125: convenient to S. P. local trains;
sewers; city water; 2 electric lines, H. W.
DAVIS, 902 Broadway.
2 ELEGANT flats near Broadway to trade for
large house in the outskirts of Oakland or
some near-by town.
I*. KELLY, Real Estate.
4'".1 Ninth st., Oakland.
COTTAGE, 1765 Union St.: 5 rooms; bam; only
$700. 108 Fourth St., Oakland. :• ._
$25 CASH. $6 monthly till paid for. will buy 3 I
level lots and single dwelling: 250 feet new-
fencing and shade trees; price $300 in all;
flne soil; grand view; excellent climate; lays
in tropical Fruitvale Valley; settling up rap-
idly; streets all graded; main avenue ma-
cadamized; close to a fine boulevard; elec-
tric car lines and a fine large grammar school
house. Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh
st., near Broadway, Oakland; carriage free.
H. 7. JONES. Owner.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
NEW D-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern Improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th St.. nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HCUSE TO LET.
OAKLAND suburbs— 6 rooms and bath. Par-
ticulars address box -17. Call offlce, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
NEW modern house, occupied a few months,
at a sacrifice; with or without furniture;
owner going East and must sell; $500 down,
balance installments. OWNER, box 93, Call
office. __ yyyy
SNAP— block to Park st. and 1 block to broad
gauge station; new 7-room and bath house;
modern; lot 40-foot front; $1000 cash. Wit
P. TODD & CO., 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000— LOT 60x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street; near (station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150: with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School: easy terms.
$2600— 40x207; with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month. ■--■'."■';
$3200— Lot 43x138;- fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1423 Park St., Alameda.
JUST A FEW LEFT BUT .
P.OOM FOR MANY MORE.
4, 6, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
Just like paying rent: make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
'■ St., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holt-
; days.
I $1400— NEW modern cottage of 5 rooms to or-
der; lot "3x100: $250 cash, $20 per mo.; large
cor, lot. $050; terms. ,1. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park.
AJ.AMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD. ~
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. >'UNKE. 1416 Sth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT. < ~~~~
10 minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet ln depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwight way station.
Cheapest choice property In Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
$2200 WILL buy a lovely home of 7 rooms, bath,
etc.; corner lot; grand view; close to cars;
owner must leave immediately; come at once.
•O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center st.
MUST be sold within a week; 12 50-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills; no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$SOO— HOUSE of 4 rooms and high basement; j I
brick foundation; hothouse; stable; fine gar- j
den; corner lot; 3 blocks from local train.' i vy\-
'• $950 — House of 5 rooms; 3 chicken-houses; '
fine well; large lot; all fenced; only 3 blocks
from Fruitvale Station. ;
$1350— Extraordinary sacrifice, but must sell;
fine modern 2-story house of 6 rooms and
bath; flne mantel; large barn and chicken-
house; lot 60x120, all fenced; $150 cash, bal-
ance same p.- rent. I
$2250— House of 6 rooms and basement; flne '
well; beautiful shade and fruit trees; corner
lot, 100x200; .2 blocks from Fruitvale aye. .
$2500— Reduced from $3500; 3 acres;. well-
Improved fruit and chicken ranch; house of
7 rooms; barn; chicken-houses; 2 wells; wind- •
mill and tank; fronting electric car line; only I
1 mile from Fruitvale Station. •
$2600— Absolutely the choicest and coziest
new colonial house of 7 rooms; porcelain
bath; nickel plumbing; reception hall; flne
mantel: tooms beautifully tinted and fres- ,
coed; large lot; fine location; easy terms to '
right pari ■--.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Pal.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
WANTED— For rash: ranches from 2 to 1000
acres. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
CASH, about $2800, will pay for house and lot,
6 .■:- 7 rooms. .V., box 267. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited unon quietly and |
quickly. Call 6S-6. . Donolue bldg., 1170 Slarket.
TO LEND SFSIS FROM $500 TO $50,000. at
from C per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of year 3, cr redeemable by Install-
ments.
Money loaded on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DEVELOP
AND PERFECT SAME. It. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F." Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
. Sixth; telephone South 14. ,•,.'..-
ANY amount at 6 1 ,™ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and .jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on irniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
! $3000 TO loan on city property: first- mortgage. \
I Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market.
1 STRAIGHT tip; go where you enn save Inter-
| est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Slason st.
! IF your property is mortgaged an.l you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com- j
mission: private. LICK, 16 McAllister st.
$59 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.; !
any proposition: :■■' -i ■!■ ■;!.;' Slontgomery st.
MOSEY WANTED.
WANTED— S4OOO or less on approved security; •
receiver's certificate of the United States Cir-
cult Court; payable in 3 months; and a first
lien on all the property of the California and
Nevada Railroad. Address C. K. KING, Re-
celver. 902 Broadway. Oakland. Pal.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores and saloons bought: short i
notice. J. GOLLOBER. 25 Battery st. ..
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat- !
tels, etc.. Harper & Kreiger, Examiner big. '
HOI SES TO LET.
HOUSES— RENT REPUCED~~
1*29 Green, 9"'r..'.7...?471267 Ellis, i r $27 I
1220 aguna, 9 r. 35 3i.24 Buchanan, 5 r... 16 !
1406 Golden Gate,lo r,30 2819 •."'reen, 6 r ... 12
2513 Octavia, 7 -■ 30 542 Howard, 6 - 20 j
A. SI. SPECK & CO., 667 Slarket st.
HOUSE— 9 Viasserot place, rear of 813 Geary
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin— rooms and bath;
rent $20. Apply LANDRY C. BABIN, 413
Kearny st.
HOUSE, 3 rooms, yard and cellar, $15. 621
Gough st.. near McAllister.
JACKSON, 1178. near Jones— House, 7 rooms,
bath : fine place: grand* view.
LOMBARD. 1010— Old-fashioned house 5 room.-;
chicken an.l pigeon house: 50-vara lot; better
than Mill Valley to those that require pure |
air and sunshine; rent $13; nr. Hyde-st. cars.
OER rent department goes to your home: get
print list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, l" Montgomerj St.
SEVENTEENTH; 34.14, near Valencia— House, 7 i
rooms and bath; rent reduced to $18.
SUNNY 9-room. house at 26 Franklin st., half |
a block from Slarket; fine for room renting; j
■. cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
THE handsome residence 814 Grove St., between |
Webster and Fillmore, Is now for rent.
TWELFTH, Stable, 10 stalls: covered wagon
room and 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping.
TWO rooms; closets: water; rent $3. 282!^ >'..-
toma st., near Fourth.
VERY nice 5-room house in healthy location;
rent $8. 1571 Kearny St., cor. Greenwich.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE, furnished, - rooms; cheap. 1410
Leavenworth St.. near Washington.
FURNISHED house to let-Eight large sunny
rooms; modern improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises. 685 Guerrero st.
FURNISHED house of 9 rooms; desirable lo-
cution. Address box 98, Call office.
LOVELY residence of 12 rooms for summer,
reduced rental; Western Addition. Box 90,
Call ' Mb ".
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGES— RENT REDUCED.
625 Valencia; 6 r... 520117 Erkson court; 5r..51l
4220 26th; 5 r. ...... 13 3993 Army; 4 r 8
2106 O'Farrell; r.. 11113 Garden aye.; 4 r.. 7
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
COTTAGE; 1562 Turk; 4-room, also 3-room rear
cottage; large stable; reasonable.
SUNNY cottages, ■'• and 3 rooms, basement; also
flat of 6 rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth
10l es.
4 IP i. IMS complete for housekeeping for 4 or
5 months; garden; yard: references. 3914
Twenty-third st., near Sanchez. ]
5-ROOSI modern cottage at Larkspur; furnished
or unfurnished. ,316 California St., room 20.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms. 3 Tay St., off Clay,
bet. Powell and Mason.
FLATS TO LET.
A— ELEGANT modern flat of S. sunny rooms I
and bath; grand marine view': Vallepo st., '
near Gough, Key 1819 Vallejo St., opposite.
A— newly painted and whitened 3-room
flats. 648 Jessie St., near Seventh.
AN upper flat, 7 rooms; rent reduced. 331 i
Haight st. ' j
CASTRO, 458, near Seventeenth and Market —
Modern sunny double flat, 10 rooms; stable; !
cheap.
CASTRO, Elegant modern sunny upper
flat: 6 large rooms, bath; nearly new; $20.
CHESTNUT, 627, nr. Mason— rooms, bath,
basement; yard; rent $16.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick-
sunny flat; 6 rooms; bath; cheap.
DOWNTOWN flat; 220 Leavenworth St.; 5
rooms and bath: $18. BURNHAM & MARSH
CO., 20 Slontgomery st.
FINE flat. 7 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments; 521 McAllister St., bet. Van Ness aye.
and Franklin st. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
FLATS— Rent reduced.
964 Pine; 7 $45 00 720 Montg. ay.; 6. ..514
2928 California; 7. 30 1696 Cage; 3 15 *
422 Page; 6 27 50 522 Fell; 3 13 .
209 Webster; 7... 27 50 318 Pt. Lobos; ..... 12 '
1832 Green; 7 25 00 2718 McAllister; 4... 10
1218 Fulton; 7 25 00 815 Pt. Lobos; 4.... 8
905 well; 6 25 00 848 Jessie; 3 9'
524 Fell; 6 19 00 606 Shotwell; 5 11 ! .
1609 Turk; 6 17 00 1342 25th; 4 10 '
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
FLAT or small house of 5 or 6 rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; centrally located;
north of Market st. Box 289, Call office.
FLAT to let— s rooms and bath; all modern im-
provements. 2111 Larkin st.
GEARY, 2257— Handsomely furnished flat. 6. :
rooms; bath; piano; sunny; modern; reason-
able.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms. 1331 Stevenson st. .•
MODERN upper flat, 7 rooms and bath, $30;
lower. .'• rooms and bath. $25: on Panhandle.
. RUSSELL & SURRYHNE, 138 Montgomery. :
NEW modern middle flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. 639 A Minna St., bet. Seventh and .
Eighth.
NEW 7-room flat; rent greatly reduced to per-
manent tenant. 921 Fillmore St.
NICE middle flat. 3 -rooms. $9; water free.
LIT' Broadway, near Jones.
NINTH, 237— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms '.
and bath; $15. .'-.7- •
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list- of flats from HALL. &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. *
POST. 2338—2 sunny bay-window fiats, 5 rooms
and bath, $16. ' '
SACRAMENTO, 1361— of 3 rooms;" separ-
ate entrance; rent $12 50, - -
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
SUNNY flat' of 4 rooms, between Harrison and
Ninth sts., $S. 315 Dore St., MRS. W.
TWELFTH, Flat. 3 rooms; stable if re-
quired. .
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; 'upper 51
rooms- $17.
2 FLATS, 3 and 4 rooms. 927 Pacific St.; low
rent. .;■:'■ ;.
$6— COJIFORTABLE rear cottage, 4 rooms;
large basement; water free. 339 .Jersey st.;
Castro cars. ; yy
6 SUNNY rooms and bath. S3 Pleasant St.. off
Jones, near Clay.
$6 50, $9 AND $10—3 flats, 4 rooms each. 1123
Vallejo st., near Leavenworth.
$13— .AT of 4 rooms, one block and a half
from Market st. 125 Page St., between Oc-
tavia and Gough.
$13 50 NICE sunny flat; 4 rooms and bath. 3512
Twenty-flrs st., corner Dolores.
$13 50— 297 A SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flat; 5
sunny rooms; bath, gas; yard.
$15— 4-ROOM flat; bath. .' Ash aye.. bet.
Polk, Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
$H_— BAY- WINDOW flat, 5 rooms and bath.
1127 Broad* near Leavenworth st.
$21— UPPER 5-room flat. O'Farrell st., near
Mas. .n. Apply 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLESEE_NTINA,j..7O7*.— £ Sunny housekeeping
rooms cheap.
EDDY. 305— Furnished front room for house-
keeping; also furnished single room; private
family; rent reasonable.
EDDY, 327—3 or 4 furnished housekeeping
rooms, single or connected: also hers $7 up.
ELLIS, 53*5—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; gas. bath, running water.
ERIE, 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth— B
sunny convenient clean rooms; garden; rent
■ $13. ,
FIFTH, 309— New house; sunny suite, with
kitchen complete for housekeeping; first floor;
running water. " .
FIFTB 353— Clean furnished housekeeping
rooms'; 3, $13; also single. $1 up.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 311— $10: large sunny
room, light housekeeping; bath and gas; refs.
GROVE 104, cor. Polk- Several neatly furnshd.
hkpg. rms.; renovated; incandescent lights.
HARRISON, 738 2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, $7 50. __-_-_
HICKORY aye., 181, near Gough— furnished
housekeeping rooms. $12.
HOWARD, 648— Room for light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1144-Furnlshed or unfur sunny
rooms, kitchen, gas, bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $12 to $15.
HYDE, 110—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. - .
JESSIE 283, cor. Furnished double
* front room, with privilege light housekeeping.
JESSIE 439— Front bay-window room With
closet. $<■•: also housekeeping rooms.
LAP KIN 326— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments! furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LIBERTY, 20— 3 housekeeping rooms or single,
furnished complete; sunny.
SIARKET. 1079, cor. 7th-3 furnished or unfur-
n ished rooms for light housekeeping; cheap.
SIARKET, 1523Vt— Parlor suite; light house-
keeping;' piano"; reasonable. _.
MoAT I I^TER 511— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also two sunny unfurnished in
basement. _ . .
MiNNA 28 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
' rooms 'and other rooms; very cheap.
MINNA 454—2 furnished rooms, front and
back; joining, furnished for housekeeping.
MINNA 546 near Sixth— Furnished rooms com-
' plete for 'houhekeep^ig|^rge_yard. .
MISSION, 947^Front room with kitchen, com-
.
SHSSION, 1219-Sunny furnished housekeeping
* rooms s complete; . no : children. . > ,
; O\K 38-"-Unfurnlshed housekeeping rooms;
! . cheap*. 2. 3 or 4, to suit; sunny yard.
'< Opt a VIA ..ii'i— Nice sunny furnished floor of 3
! VTo^^kit^hen: bt'th. gas, yard; reasonbl.
i O'FARRELL 1393— Nice front parlor [[suite,
| o w.",hTunnlng hot and cold water: suitable for
! light housekeeping; rent j*easonabJe : _____
! POLK 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, cheajx __.
I po_C_K.*.7l7— Nice sunny front room and kitchen
I for light housekeeping ;_bath; rent cheap.
I errxTH 2tttS**"-Sunny housekeeping rooms, run "
| * ring Water; also beautiful front rooms; reas.
i SIXTH 405—1 housekeeping room, $7 per month.
and 1 single room for $5; with gas.
SIXTH 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
also parlor suite: bath: quiet house. .
SIXTH, 429— Large sunny front rooms with or
without housekeeping: reasonable. -
SUTTER S23C— Large furnished rooms, closet,
' use of bath, light housekeeping, $6 per month.
THIRD. i43-"-Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete: 'first floor; bath, gas. ,
TI'RK 524— Sunny parlor floor: 5 rooms; bath
exclusive; unfurnished; will be vacated Ist
of Slay. . .
TURK, 524— Two large sunny rooms; first floor;
■ unfurnished. .
TW ENTT-SESTH 3M7. near lon— 2 large
front furnished connecting housekeeping
rooms; running water: $10.
__
VALENCIA; 209— 3 rooms and. kitchen: mod-
ern conveniences; complete hkpg; also 2 hkpg.
ZOE. 31. near Third and Bryant— Furnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap.
1 LARGE sunny room complete for housekeep-
ing $1 23 per week. Apply at shoe store, d 62
Mission st., bet. First and Second sts. •
3 FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; good
location; quiet: within 10 blocks of City Hall,
north of Market st.; adults. Address box
M. Cull oflice.
ROOMS TO LET
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
• sunny rooms; en suite or single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable^ ___^
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT SUTTER, 717— Very choice, sunny, new,
' reasonable; appreciated if seen: investigate.
A— THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location: elegant rooms.
AT Stockton. 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or montlb
A— SUNNY front furnished' room; $4 50. --i
Seventh st. ______________________
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 421, nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 207— Nice large front room; first floor;
also others; reas.; gas; bath; house quiet.
EDDY. 473- bright sunny rooms, $5 and $7;
also large front parlor.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— rented by
day, week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS, 528— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
bath Included, $S. $10. -
FREELON, 13%— Neatly furnished rooms; sin-
gle or double.
GEARY, 556, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor; piano, telephone; other
rooms: privilege light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 109, nr. Polk— Double front bay-win-
dow room suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HARRIET. 3, off Howard, near Sixth— Nico
sunny furnished bedroom; private family.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— under
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD, 761',.— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms; double, single; reasonable.
HOWARD. 953— Homelike, sunny furnished
rooms; from $1 week up; bath.
HOWARD, 1129— Front, corner, double sunny
room; also other- ; $1 up; clean, quiet.
HOWARD, 1052— Furnished front bay-window
room; also 2 others furn. for light hkpg.
JESSIE. fill, off Seventh— Two sunny rooms
furnished for light housekeeping. 1
KEARNY. 209. 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms.; transient.
KEARNY. 229— Changed hands; sunny single
rooms; thoroughly renovated; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. Large sunny furnished corner
room, $<: single, $4. -
MARKET. 1007% — Nicely furnished single
rooms; lady or gent; quiet house; transient.
McALLISTER, 406 A —Pleasant front furnished
room for one or two persons; cheap.
Additional Classified Advertisement!
on Page 14. '
1314
ROOMS TO LET— Contlnned.
McALLISTER, 511— Single and double rooms,
$6 and JS; two blocks from City Hall.
MiNNA, 171, nr. Third— Several well furnished
rooms; sunny; from Sl to $2 60 week.
MINNA. Single sunny front furnished
room, H per month.
MINNA, C 67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
window room, $i per week; transient.
MISSION, S3*.— Nice furnished front rooms.
with bath: rent reasonable.
MISSION. 1063— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water and gits.
MISSION. 1220 — I>nrge sunny room, suitable for
two; running water; grate: $10.
NATOMA, Sunny furnished rooms and
kitchen.
OAK, 3Ss— Large furnished front rooms for
couple; gas and bath private family.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 039— Sunny rooms; extra large
closets; modern house.
PERRY. 34— Nicely furnished single front room;
rent S4.
PERRY, 103, corner Third— Rooms furnished or
unfurnished.
FOLK, 607— Sunny furnished rooms; running
water.
POLK. 1602— One unfurnished or furnished
sunny front room; upper floor. i
POST, 782. above -Tones -Furnshd. rms.: private
residence; reft exohangej. Call bet. 11 and -.
POWEU.. SIT (formerly Cosmos Club)— Ele- |
gantly furnished room; reasonable.
RESPECTABLE person can find a comfort- -
able home for $11; references. Box 2SS. Call.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and 1
ladles' parlor: room per night. 35c to $1 60;
week, $2 to SS; month. JS to $30; levator on
offlce floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths. |
SECOND, 52A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable for light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
and suites: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, li:.-Nicely furnished sunny front
room: German people.
TAYLOR, 108, noar Market— Nicely furnished
ninny front room; also kitchen and bedroom, j
TAYLOR, 129. bet. Turk and Eddy— Furnished
sunny rooms: single, and double; reasonable. ,
TEHAMA. 6-4 nice sunny rooms; improving;
neighborhood; rent low.
TEHAMA. 30S. near Fourth— Nicely furnished ]
sunny front rooms, suitable for 1 or 2: heap. ,
THE CAGE. 42S ■ leary, bet. Taylor and Mason
—Furnished rooms en suite or single; Bunny.
THIRD, 25, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms In San
Fran.; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK. 42*7«, K'2 Taylor— Neatly furnished sunny
rooms, _lnif!.? and double; transient.
TWELFTH. 23.1— A large sunny front room fur-
nished; rent 15.
VAN NESS aye., 400— S well furnished sunny
rooms: corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. M3— Upper parlors, furnished
or partly: doctor's residence.
BOARD IX a A.M) ROOMS.
A PLEASANT HOME for tourists— 279 North
First St.. San Jose. Cal.: centrally located,
near broad-gauge depot; service lirst class.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with I
roem. J4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Sutherlnnd, 791 Sutter— Elegantly fur-
nished: first-class In everj- respect: table un-
surpassed; elevator; suites, with board, sso up.
O'FARRELL^ 824-^ Newly furnished rooms,
with or without board.
PINE, S oS— Single or double room; eastern ex-
posure: Spanish family; board. i
POWELL. 10* (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished |
sunny front euite: hath; excellent board.
SECOND. 130, bet. Mission and Howard— Sunny '
furnished rooms: gentlemen preferred; private. !
SOUTH PARK. i.*,!-— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family: board >pt'L |
SITTER. 112S— Lovely home; sunny rooms;
overlooking trnrden; home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice i
cream pnr'.nr. 103.". Market popular prices, j
i L I LURK UOARDKD.
EDDY. 327— Widow wishes couple of children;
best care.
GOOD home for 2 children; near school. 61
Clara st.
MINNAS 139. near Sixth— Pleasant home for 1
or 2 children in nn adult German family.
NAT. 'MA. 74 l 4— Home care for children by
medical nurse; price js and HO mo.; pri. fam.
GOOD home ar.d care for children; also yard; i
JS per month. S34'a Valencia St., near 2-'.h.
LADY would like 3 children to board. Address
K. G.. 2S»i Kissling st. i
GOOD home for children. JS: Infants. $10 per
mo. TV' Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO HUT.
FRt'IT store and living room, $:>. 31 Zoe st.,
near Third and Bryant.
TWO roomy stores with 3 living rooms and
water: MO. WILLMOTT, 916 Market st.
— — ■—— ■ — — — —^ ■
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL. 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
Offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
DESK room In most prominent office building
on Montgomery st. Box 77. Call offlce.
GEARY. 610—2 large sunny unfurnlsheu offices;
first floor; cr.s: rent -■.■
HORSES.
STYLISH Ftandu: bred dark bay pacing mare;
price J2."0; also standard bred blood bay trot-
ting mare, $150; both lUnd, young (under 5)
and extra speedy. an be seen nt 347 Ere-
mont st.; pedigree nd trial given.
<(• HORSES for sale: also wagons., buggies,
cans. harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENIIALLTB sale yard. 1732 Market at.
r i— i - _
WAGONS 7 AM) CARRIAGES.
8-SEATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top: good as new. 1130"i Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 BETS second-hand harness; wagons., carts.
buggies, surreys nnd horses. 1140 Folsom st.
LEGAL NOTICES!
' " NOTICE. ■~~~"~ yyy.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice Is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1899, the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application ln writing
• In the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and 'County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and hppltcation stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of Bald company on the 13th
day Of April. 1599, culled for the purpose of
passing upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
• a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully* paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication in some newspaper
published In the City and County of Sun
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any Interest in
the matter ... said application or desiring to
oppose the granting Of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May, ISS9. any and all objec-
tions which thej* may have to the granting of
said petition.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my
hand and the Official seal of said court this
lb- 17th day of April. 1599.
(Seal). WILLIAM A. DEANE, ***
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON,
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Frariclsco.
April 14, ISM— compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order ISM of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15. i_su.
, also In accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1572, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Suiter
St., on MONDAY, May 15, 1899, at 10 o'clock
a. m , sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an Inventory
thereof on file In the office Of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc.: also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased . persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for inspection on morning of sale.
X. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
-..____. ._x„. ........ -v
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels' bldg., 827 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from Jl; plates
from J5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridgework: teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5- crowns. $2 50; fillings. 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. _
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
Without plates our specialty; Bold crowns,
IS CO up; plates, extractions, free. 54 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m . : Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, X O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and tills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. J2; bridges. J4;
rubber or flexible plates. S3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. J5; crowns, S3: fillings. 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. "'''•■ Market Ft , cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work: lowest prices; " ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth. So: teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason st.. corner Market.
DrTIUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a ;
Malty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices in S. P.; painless extraction
guarantd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. fith.
**, VAX FIGURE VVOKKS.
SAN FRANCISCO Wax Figure Works— Artistic
wax figures, papier mache display forms, etc.;
advertising figures and forms In wax and pa-
pier mache our specialty: mechanical and-
special figures made to order and to rent; wax
figures rei.alre.i and retouched with a last-,
me finish; correspondence solicited. L. 1 1 AN -
CHIN! prop., rms 6. 7 and 8. !___ Grant ay.
FIH.MTIHi: FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 6-room fiat. In pood ord«r,
cheap. 38 San Carlos St., off Eighteenth,
near Mission.
CHEAP: furniture of 6-room flat ln good order.
38 San Carlos aye., near l v th and Mission.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
STORAGE.
DON'T store in cellars. See O. M. JUDSON
& CO.. 1123 Howard st.-. advances made. '
, ALA Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RI'DOLFH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
ATTORNEYS A l* LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. ;
L. S. CLARK-Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. '
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, offlce and residence,
1021.. Market 'St.. bet. 6th and 7th.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Mcrrlagp licenses have been issued as follows: ;
Lawrence A. Linda and Alma P. Plato 22-24
John Arklnstall and Margaret A. Williams. 4o-33
John F. Winslow and Maggie Brannely 39-19 j
Robert Ellenburg and Mabel H. Sill 21-18
T. K. Ullm?.nn and Gertrude Thomas.. 33-26
O. M. Chrlstensen and Carolina M. rg.26-27
Victor Evars and Maria 5m01t....'. a -'.'2
William Menzel an I Katharina P11t50h.... 39-2fi
James 11. Flaherty and Mary Wlghtm.m. .3s-33
George Wyland and Nellie I. Christie 32-22
Oeorge W. Howard and Katie Stengele — 21-16
A. D. Falrgrleze and y.MP.. M. Mil. -'il;u«. .24-21
Bfflim---MJVBBIA6B-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will cot be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the nublicatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ASH— In this city. April 19, 1899, to the wife of ■
William Ash, a in.
GEROW In Somersvllle, April 19. 1899, to the j
wife of Stephen Gerow, a daughter.
GREEN— In this city, April -",. ISB9, to the
wife of Gus Green, a daughter.
KEMBLER- In this city, April 21, 1899, to the
wife of J. Kembler, a son.
LIGUORI— In Agnews. Cal., April 20, 1809, to
the wife of John Llguorl, a daughter.
LORENZ— In this city. April 16. 1899, to the
wife of Gustaf Loronz. a daughter.
McCURRIE— In this city, April 4, 1899, to the
wife of Matthew McCurrie. a son.
MILLER— In this city, April 9. 1899, to the
wife of O. W. Miller, a son.
MINER— In this city, April 16, 1599, to the wife
(.f E. F. Miner, a son.
MARRIED.
HEWES— COOK— In Reno, Nov... April 17. 1899,
at the residence of Mrs. S. J. Oilman, by the
Rev. c, 11. Jones, Charles Leslie Howes and
Emll'e M. Cook.
' KI7HLS-KIET7.MANN— In this city. April 19,
IS9J, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, -Edward G.
F. Kubls and Lizzie A. Kietsmann.
I THAL— SMEWTNO In this city. April 19, 1899.
by the Rev. R. C. Foute, Frederick Thai and
Emily Smewlng, both of San Franolsco.
_________
DIED.
Allione. Frank King. Michael
Ault. Samuel W. McGorry, John J.
Buttner. Christina McGrane, Hugh
< '.ma-, an. Peter J. Manning. Patrick
Dyson. John Mitchell, John F.
Eppler, Annie Muller. Carl A.
Franke, Emma Pointer, Nathan
Hannan, Edward Santry, Frankle K.
Hart. Babette Bchaefer, Charles P.
Hawley, Carmellta Schmidt. Ernst K.
Hayden, William A. Short, Henry C.
Hinckley, Ezra Turner, Mary A.
Kelly, James Vogell, Jacob
ALLIONE— In this city, April 22, is<... Frank,
beloved husband of Johanriah Allione. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 69 years.
AULT— In this city. April 22. 1899, Samuel W.,
beloved son Of Mary Ann and the late Joseph
P. Ault, and brother of Joseph H. and Ma-
thias P. Ault, Mrs. Thomas .1 Lenehen, Mrs. :
P. Mulholland and the late Hannah J. Hus- :
Bey. a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years ;
and 10 months.
(CJTFrtends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi- j
dence, 1202 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo- !
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy I
Cross Cemetery.
BUTTNER— In this city. April 22. 1899, Chris- |
tina, relict of the late Herman Buttner,
mother of Charles Buttner, and stepmother ]
of Clara Buttner. a native of Germany.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains j
at the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass, 317
Mission street, near Fifth.
CANAVAN— In this city. April 20, 1899, Peter I
J., beloved brother of Martin Canavan. a na- !
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged 85
years 2 months and 18 days.
(TTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day l
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi- I
dence, 718 Tehama street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DYSON— In the City and County Hospital, i
1 April 21. 1599, John Dyson, a native of Ohio, I
aged 18 years.
, EPPLER— In this city. April 22, 1899. Annie,
beloved wife of A. O. Eppler, a native of <
i Canada, aged 24 years.
FRANKE— In Placerville, April 2, 1899. Emma,
beloved wife of Herman Franke, daughter of |
Mrs. M. Bltter.man, and sister of Paul Wuthe
and Rudolnh Bitterman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years.
HANNAN— In this city, April 21. 1899, Edward '
Hannan, a native of Ireland, aged 81 years.
HART— In this city, April 22, 1899, Babette
Hart, beloved mother of Mrs. Isaac Sachs,
Mrs. Jacob Schweitzer and Jacob Moses and
David Hart, a native of Germany, aged 85
years i months and 6 days.
Notice of funeral in Monday's papers.
i HAWLEY-In this city, April 19, 1899, Carmel-
lta E. 8., beloved daughter of Eugene and
Etta Hawley, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 years 11 months and 20 days.
I HAYDEN— In San Rafael. April 22, 1599. Wil-
liam Adrian, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs
J. G. Hayden, aged 1 year and 4 months
Funeral car leaves with remains from
corner of Market and Steuart streets. San
Francisco, at 11 o'clock, this day (Sunday)
for Holy cross Cemetery, via San Mateo elec-
tric railroad.
HINCKLEY— In this city, April 20. 1899. Ezra
beloved husband of Almlra >'. Hinckley a na-
tive of New York, aged 72 years 9 months and
*.'.", days. A member of Apollo Lodge No 123
Li). O. F. ■ '
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'ciock, from Memorial Hall
Odd Fellows' building. Seventh and Market
streets. Interment private. Remains can be
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMER3L
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
j^ telephone South 80.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
viewed at the parlor* of the California Un-
dertaking Company, 405 Powell street, until
1 p. m. Sunday.
KELLY— In this city. April 22. 1599, James, be-
loved son of Mr. and Mrs. James Kelly, and
brother of Joseph, John, William, Luke, Mary
and Nellie Kelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 years & months and 7 days.
B7Notice of funeral hereafter.
KINO— In Berkeley, April 22, 1.99, Michael, be-
loved husband of Mary King, and father of
Hugh and the late Katie King, a native of '
County Down, Ireland, aged 70 years.
T. "Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2132 Parker street. East Berkeley,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
McGORRY— In this city. April 20, ISM, John
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Emma
McGorry, beloved son of Catherine and the
late Michael McGorry, and brother of Mrs.
C J. Douglas, Mrs. E. J. C.illick, Mrs. J. J.
Dowling and Tessie and J. E. McGorry, a na-
tive nt Ireland, aged 44 years and 5 months.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 319 Langton etreet. thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGRANE— In this city. April 21. 1899, Hugh,
beloved husband of Cecelia McGrane, and
stepfather of Cassie and May O'Donnell, a
native of Waddington, St. Lawrence County,
N. V., aged 68 years.
E_?*Th'_ funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ISH Oak street, thence to St. Joseph's ,
Church, where services will be held at 1:15
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
Please omit flowers'.
MANNING— In this city, April 22. 1899. at St.
Mary's Hospital, Patrick Manning, a native
of Ireland, aged 85 years.
MITCHELL— In this city. April 22. 1899, John
F. Mitchell, beloved father of John F.. Wil-
liam H. and Marguerite J. Mitchell and Mrs.
T. Fox, and brother of Patrick Mitchell, a
native of County Lietrim, Ireland, aged 74
years nnd 12 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, 214' Clara street, between Fifth
and Sixth, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral.
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MULLER— In Alameda, Carl Adoiph, beloved
son of Nicholas and Catherina Muller, and j
brother of Mrs. J. F. Sehomer and Henry, ;
Lena and Nicholas Muller, a native of Cali- .
fornia, aged 27 years and 3 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ]
fully invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence,
' corner Ray street and Santa Clara avenue. |
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
POINTER— ApriI 20. 1599, Nathan Pointer.
brother of Rev. John. Ellen and Charles I
inter and Mrs. J. T. Callender, a native of |
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 52 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully Invited to attend the funeral services ,
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the ;
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento i
street. Interment private In ,'l>aurel Hill
Cemetery.
SANTRY— In this city. April 21, 1899. Frankle
X.. dearly beloved daughter of Michael and
Julia Santry. and loving sister of Mamie and
Lizzie Santry. a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 31 Ford street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass !
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul !
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SCHAEFER — In this city, April 22. 1899,
Charles P., beloved husband of Augusta 1
Schaefer, and father of Hen. Charles and |
Clarence Schaefer, a native of Germany, aged (
■• 47 years 9 months and 20 days.
SCHMIDT— New. York City. April 4. 1899,
Ernst Kleber Schmidt, son of the late Louts
Schmidt, and brother of Louis Schmidt Jr.. ]
Mrs. Alice Schmidt-Frltsch and the late Clif- j
ford Schmidt, formerly of San Francisco.
SHORT— In this city, Roseanna, widow of Henry .
C Short, beloved mother of Frederick C, I
Theodore C. and Hermann Short, Mrs. c M. j
Dean and Etta F. Short, and sister of Mrs.
F. M Gatehouse, a native of Ireland, aged |
67 years.
i "rtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from O. C. F. Hall. !
Alcazar lildinz. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of James A. Garfield
Relief Corps No. 21 are requested to atten!
the funeral of our late member. Roseanna j
Short, this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from i
<• C. F. Hall, Alcazar building. By order of
DORA H. WILKIN'S. Pres.
NELLIE A. HENDRTCKSON. Sec.
TURNER— In Atlin, B. C, April 5, 1899, Mary
A., beloved wife of Dr. W. A. Turner, a na-
tive of Oakland, Cal.
VOGELI— In this city. April 21. 1899. Jacob, be-
loved husband of Johanna Vogell. a native
of Bavaria, Germany, aged 46 years 3 months
and 6 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Manss. .17 Mission street, near ;
Fifth. (Yemation I. O. ' '. F. Cemetery.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
CHICAGO. April 22.— The Earl Fruit Com-
pany sold California Cherries at auction to-
day as follows: Tartarian*. $2 IS; Purple
Gulgne, Jl 80; Rockport. $1 19; Orleans. $1 07;
Maubrey, Jl 51; Advance, 1151; Governor
Wood, jl a. . _^
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 22.
Ftmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 16 hours from
Greenwood.
Br ship Pyrenees, Bryce, 72 days from New
castle, NSW.
Haw bark Wlllscott, Penbody, 19 days from
Honolulu:
Pktn Ruth, Challeston, 36 days from Guam.
Bark Oakland. Ackerman, 13 days from Ev
erett.
Stmr Cleone, Hlp-Rlns, 27 hours from Crescent
City.
SAILED.
Saturday. April 22.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Westport, Peterson.
U S stmr Nero. Itelknap. Guam.
Schr R W Bartlett. Nielson, Bristol Bay.
S-hr Mary I<.ihn-». Weber, Eureka.
Schr Rio Rey. Forest.
gchr Daisy Rowe, Wilson. Coos Bay.
Schr Eureka, Asplund, Coquille River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 22. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 40 miles. ...
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT I/'.- ANGELES Arrived April 22—
Nor stmr Tltania, from Nanaimo.
NEWPORT- .-"ailed April 2.2— Stmr Alcatraz,
for San Francisco; schr Bertie Minor, for Eu
reka.
PORT TOWNSEND— bay April 22— Bktn
Skaclt, from Port Gamble, for Honolulu.
ASTORIA- Sailed April 22— Schr Prosper, for
Shanghai: schr Beulah, for San Francisco; Rr
ship Andreda, for Puget Sound.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed April 22— Schr
Mnggie C Russ. for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
i GLASGOW— Arrived April Stmr Fumes■
■ sia. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 22— Stmr Um
i brla, from Liverpool; stmr New York, from
. Southampton, etc.
LIVERPOOL— April 22— Stmr Bovlc,
: from New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed April Stmr La Tou
' ralne. for Havre: stmr Aller, for Naples; stmr
Campania, for Liverpool.
ONE OF THE HINCKLEYS.
A Descendant of a Family Prominent
in the Early Days of the Country
Passes Away.
The remains of the late Ezra Hinck
! ley, who died suddenly a few days ago at
| his home, 574 Folsom street, will be fol
; lowed to their last resting-place to-day
by the members of Apollo Lodge, I. O.
!O. F. The funeral service will be held
iln Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' build-
Ing, under the auspices of the lodge. Mr.
: Hinckley was born in "Walworth, New
; York, in 1826, and was a descendant of a
j family that was prominent ln the colo
: nial and ante-revolutionary period of the
i country. One of his ancestors was Sam
uel Hinckley, who for fifty years served
in public life. He was a deputy magis
; trate, assistant governor of the "Plymouth
Colony, and a Commissioner of the Con
federated Colonies of New England, who
died at Barnstable, Mass., at the age of
88. The well-known Crocker family of
this city and State and some branches of
the Hinckley family, notably that of the
late Fritz Hinckley, who married Flor
ence Blvthe. are descendants of this fam
ily. Ezra Hinckley was well- known in
this city. .' _- _ ..
Daughters of St. George.
Next Tuesday night Britannia Lodge
No. 7 of the Daughters of St. George will
have an "at home" in its lodgeroom in
"Union-square Hall, on whjch occasion
English games and, amusements will be
introduced and there will also be a liter
ary programme and dancing.
An Official Visit.
The San Francisco Cabinet of the Na
tional Union will pay an official visit next
Tuesday night to California Council, on
■which occasion there will be, after the
work of the evening, an enjoyable enter
tainment. ■7* V
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
FLOOD STAKE
CAPTURED BY
LUCKY MEROPS
With Piggott in the
Saddle.
ULM SHOULD HAVE SCORED
DEFEAT DUE TO THE RIDING OF
McNICHOLS.
Large Attendance and Lively Bet
ting at Oakland — Four Favorites
Dethroned Ailyar Again
Wins Galloping.
The attractive card drew an old-fash
i ioned crowd to Oakland track yesterday,
i and the layers of odds were highly elated
lat the play. As four of the six favorites
were knocked down, the booking frater
nity had all the best of the argument. *
The Flood handicap at one and a half
miles for three-year-olds was the feature
of the afternoon's sport, and resulted In
a lucky win for the favorite, Merops, rid
! den by Joe Piggott. The son of Brutus
i was assigned 112 pounds and ruled a 6 to
j 5 favorite. Perhaps just as much money
went in on the ninety-six pounder, (Jim,
j with the Irrational McNlchols in the sad
dle. If the latter rider is honest he should
ibe set down for incompetency, diaries
I Fink, owner of I'lm, gave McNlchols Or
; ders to make every post a winning one.
j While the field was traveling down the
' back stretch at a snail's pace the gay
'■ youth allowed three horses to pass him.
I Once the stretch was reached he began to
ride again, and in a punishing drive was
beaten out but a head by the favorite in
2:3_c.. Olinthus, packing 115 pounds, was
third. Gauntlet, the second choice, ran
disappointingly.
In the opening, two-year-old scramble
Bamboulia, the Puryear D colt, more than
I turned the tables on Flush of Gold. The
latter filly closed favorite, but tired long
before the wire was reached, finishing
i third. Reiff, on Bamboulia, seemed a big
i improvement over Shields, for the colt led
May Gertrude out a length in :48%. Six
i to 1 was laid against the winner, and he
went begging in the ring.
The Duke & Wlshard cast-off Heigh Ho
was installed a lukewarm choice for the
. splint next decided, but Reiff took mat
i ters altogether too easy the- first part and
! was led over the line by Prompto, a 5 to 1
I shot, with Jones in the saddle. Sly came
from seventh position in the stretch, fin
ishing third. Flora Hawk led to the
I stretch, where she "blew up." _ -•■
| Corrlgan's mare Daisy F ruled an odds
| on choice for the mile and a furlong sell
i ing run. and at odds of 2 to 5 won hands
down from Grady. Jennie Reid, with
I Loulller up, ran a close third.
The Cambridge stable's wonder, Crom
i well, had everybody guessing when the
, mile and a sixteenth event came along.
The chestnut horse closed favorite, and
' while he did not bleed failed to show an
atom of speed even with Bullman on his
i back. Piggott, with the leg up on Eddie
! Jones, assumed the front position In the
stretch and in a fierce drive with Castake
and Potente gained the verdict by a head
in 1:47%.
Duke & Wishard's Ailynr. second choice
in the ring, made a scamper of the free
handicap over six furlongs. The Baldwin
entry, La Goleta, had first call in the bet
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
'OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Saturday, April 22, 1899.—Seventy-sev
enth day of the Winter Meeting ot the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast. ; ' v '
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
|/"|i/> FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight. St
' 4 m.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Betting.
Up. CI.
_
998 Bamboulla 108 6
1004 May Gertrude 103. 4
(993) Flush of Gold 108 2
1000 anobe 103 3
987 L. P.. McWhlrter.. 108 7
980 Artemis 99 6
993 Lnvta 103! 1
1004 Juletto 107 9
1004 Surfeit 105 11
799 Honor Bright ..103 10
963 Candlelight II 107 <<
993 Fastis.) 93 13
976 Nettle Clark 103 12
v
V- - : \-. ; .
2 8
3 2
1 4
4 4
5 2
7 2
fi 4
S 1
9 1
10
11
12
13
1 1
2 3
3 2
4 4
5 5
6 1
71
8 1
9 2
10 6
11 2
12 2
13
IJ. Relff
W. Narvaez..
E. Jones
Bassinger ....
Glover
McNlchols ...
Gray
Carter
Ruiz
Jenkins
E. Lloyd
Hal Brown...
[Lynch
4 6
10 15
1 8-5
10 8
3 IS-5
15 30
10 8
30 ion
8 30
• *
10 25
10 60
100 100
•Coupled with Loyta. /
Time 4. :2i\; 4. ,s i- Winner. G. W. Berry'/ b. c. by Puryear D-Llsta Hock. Good
start. Won first three driving. ;. -.;,
... Bamboulla received a nice ride. May Gertrude will win soon. McWhlrter Is a slow be-
ginner. Artemis is becoming reconciled to her lot and shows improvement. Honor Bright
was a disappointment.
||"||'7 SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $330.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
974 Prompto, 4 11l 2
(974) Heigh Ho, 4 108 1
II 09 Sly, 5 109 3
1002 Horatio, 5 114 5
947 Robert Bonner, 5... 11 l 8
1009 Amasa. 4 108 8
■■■>• i Flora Hawk. 4 106 4
427 aeon, 4 112! 7
St.
4 m.
4 m.
4m.
2 4
4 4
5 2
6 4
7 4
3 1
1 2
8
4m.
Km.
2 1
4 2
■ 6 h
7 10
6 h
8 3
1 2
8
Km.
Str.
2 2
3 4
7 2
5 4
6 4
4 1
1 1
8
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
12 E. Jones
2 3 J. Relff
3 4 Snider
4 24 Piggott
5 2 M.tcklin
6 2 Jenkins ......
720 Devin
8 Penny
:-'-4>--'-6
3 13-5
4 4
5 5
15 40
4 7-2
12 50
100 >' 300
Time-To 4. :214; to 4. :46; last 4, 1:014; short K. 1.114. Winner, H. L. Jones &
Co.'s b. h. by Racine-Rosebud. Poor start. Won first three driving.
Heigh Ho was best. R»lff lost lengths at the stretch turn, waiting to get the rail posi-
tion. Snider, on Sly, made a tardy run. Amasa away badly.
Scratched— l Don't Know 1-11, Valencienne 106, Shellac 105, Formella 106.
IHIQ THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
IV? JO. purse. $400.
1003 Daisy F, 4 101 i
1008 Grady, 6 110
988 Jennie Reid. 8 9S,
996 Roadrunner, a 120
999 Faversham, 3 104
988 McFarlane. a 112;
1003 Daisy F. 4 101 4 2h 2h 22 214 14 IB Jenkins ...... 1-3 9-5
1008 Grady. 6 110 5 114 114 24 11 2 2 2 4 E. Jones « 7
988 Jennie Reld, 8 956 66 38 32 32 4 4 34 Loulller 4 5
996 Roadrunner, a 120 2 4h 41 43 48 8h 414 Bullman 80 80
999 Faversham, 3 10411 8h 61 52 64 52 61 Ruiz 30 GO
988 McFarlane. a 112| 3 6 6 8 6 6 6 Glover ■■...... 40 60
i 4
5
6
2
1
1 3
2 h
1 14
6 6
4 h
8 h
6
2 h
1 14
3 2
4 1
6 1
6
2 2
1 24
8 2
4 3
52
«
2 14
1 1
8 2
4 8
6 4
6
1 4
2 2
4 4
8 h
6 2
6
1 5
2 4
3 4
4 14
6 1
6
Jenkins ......
E. Jones
Loulller
Bullman
Ruiz
Glover
Time-4, :134; 4. :374: K. 1:03; %, 1:30; mile, 1:434; 14m, 1:564. Winner, J. Carroll's
eh m. by Riley-Modesty. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Only a gallop for the winner. Grady tried to sulk. Weight anchored Roadrunner
lOIQ FOURTH RACE— One and a half miles; three- year-olds; Flood Handicap; purse.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std. 4m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
979 Merops ....112 4 62 3h 114 114 11 In Piggott 7-5 8-5
978 Tim 96 3 lh 11 2h 4 5 3 4 24" McNlchols ... 3 ifi-3
983 Ollnthus 116 8« 6h 42 2h 24 34 H. Shields.... 6 7
, 988 Gauntlet 112 5 34 44 3h 34 4346 Bullman 2 8
' 996 Oralbee 80 1 42 6 6 65 B6 620 J. Relff k ;; 10 _
990 Rainier 95 1 22 24 21 53 6 6 6 |D, McCarthy. 20 00
Time— 4, :27: 4, :B2; K. 1:184: mile. 1:43; 14" miles. 2:114; 14 miles." 2:~364. Winner
Miller & Blazer's eh. c. by Imp. Brutus-Mirope. Good start Won first three driving '
Mi Nichols, on Ulm, disobeyed instructions. He was told to make every post a winning
one. Let his horse fall out of It on back stretch. Merops was fortunate.
979 Merops ....112
978 Ulm 96
983 Ollnthus 116
, 988 Gauntlet 112
' 990 Oralbee 80
990 Rainier 95
4
3
6
5
1
II
2
6 2
1 h
8
3 4
4 2
2 24
3 h
1 1
B h
4 4
6
2 1
1 14
2 h
4 2
3 h
6
5 3
14
4 5
2 h
3 4
6 6
6
1 1
2 4
4 3 .
5 6
6
1 n
24 •
3 4
4 6
6 20
C
irk Of) FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
lUZtr* purse, $400. '■ ' '--- '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
1002 Eddie Jones, 4 109 3
(988) Castake, 4 102, 4
1002 Potente. 4 102 1
997 New Moon, 6 101 2
989 Cromwell, 6 109 6
984 Alvin E. 5 1061 5
St. ' Ptd. 4m.
3 ',4
4 h
1 4
2 4
6 1
6
3 2
6
2 h
1 3
4 1
5 1
4m.
24
8 1
33
1 M
4 1
6
*»m.
1 2
4 M
2 4
3 2
5 10
6
Str.
1 1
fi 19
2 1
3 4
4 M
6
Fin.
1 h
2 M
3 10
4 4
6 12
6
Piggott 'i
1 T>*trr
J. Relff
Jenkins
I netting.
Op. CI.
8-5 9-5
10 12
3 13-5
30 73
8-6 8-5
60 500
Gray
Bullman
Basslnger ....
Time— l-16, :0«4: 6-16, -.304: 9-16, :564; 13-16, 1:224; mile, 1:414; 1.1-16 miles, 1:4714 ■ WIV
ner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. h. by Morello-Early Rose. Good start. Won first three
driving.
Figgott occupied half the stretch In the sail home. He Interfered with Potente
Cromwell showed not a particle of speed. . :;;..■. .V .
I AOI SIXTH RACE— furlongs; Free
and upward; purse.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
. %m.
Str.
Jockeys.
(994) Ailyar, 3 .....100
985 La Goleta, 4 107
1001 Rosormonde, 4 101
991 Aluminum, 4 Si
955 Tony Llcalzl, 4 90
974 Jinks, 3 90
3
4
5
2
6
1
f' ...
2 14
6 h
3 h
6
4 h
12
1 4
6
24-
-6 4
3 h
4 1
11
*M
3 1
6
5 2
2 h
1 5
2 n
3 3
4 2
6 6
6
J. Relff
It;,, ii„,,,„
Bullman
Jenkins
Hal 8r0wn...,
Coburn
Devin ..;
5-2 12-5
2 3-2
4 11-2
4 . 8
10 8
» .
•Coupled with Aluminum. . -, '£.'
Time— 4, :244: 4. :48%; K. 1:134- Winner, Duke & Wlshard's b. c. by Himyar-Aileen
Aroon. Good start Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ailyar hod all the best of weights and rolled in.
Scratched— Wyoming 98.
ting, and, although running a good race,
finishing second, never had a chance.
Track Notes.
The horses oAvned by Doss & Co. were
disposed of at public auction in the pad
dock at Oakland track. The prices realized
were as follows: Hugh Penny, $1250, E.
Corrigan; Don Quixote, $600, E. Corrigan;
Opponent, $625, J. Coffey. Mat Hogan
brought $125 and Orion $150, the latter also
going to the nod of Corrigan.
Starter Jim Caldwell nearly experienced
an attack of acute heart failure yester
day. While looking for the best price in
the ring some one "lifted" his chronom
eter. He reported the fact to Captain
Forcy of the Pinkerton Agency and
walked about in a state bordering on
collapse until it was* discovered that
Charley Quinn had taken the timer in a
joke.
Mike Daly would make a great Santa
Claus. Early in the week, just before de
parting for the East, he presented Bliss
Rucker to Charley Weber, the ex-jockey.
While journeying overland he read that
the horse won a race on Friday, and yes
terday he telegraphed the California
Jockey Club to send him the purse.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Donnellan. Palo Alto H C Newton. Los Ang
Capt" J J Shea. Cal J It Tyler. Los Ang
J King, Fresno R Broe, Chicago
J P Rankin, Oakdale S D Craig. A'acaville
J W Martini, San Jose jl! Fletcher, Fresno
E E Edwards, Llvermr C W Hunter; Suisun
A C Ames & w, B C A P Burns, Riverside
A Dodge & w, B C B F Lawler, Calistoga
Q Garter. St Louis R Smith. New York
b Clark, Salinas J L Henderson, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J H Lee Holcombe, Miss J S Cox. N T
U S N Miss A S Smith. N V
A S Dumont, Illinois |R P Gormully, Chicago
Mrs Dumont, Illinois «, Mrs Gormully, Chicago
H R Derlng, Chicago Mrs R Sadler. Chicago
Mrs Dering, Chicago iK C Goetze, Minn
J B Bcovell, N V C H Llenan. Kedlands
\Y H Mandevllle, N V A Kuhn. Ogden
P Peaslev, Term Mrs Kuhn, Ogden
R M Leddell. NY H B Levi, Seattle
H .1 Grant, Salt Lake L A Crane, S Cruz
D A Noonan. NY R Lidgerwood. Chicago
J Goeghegan, St Lake R AA'hetster, London
G L Colgate, Oakland Mis Sweet, N V
W W Clarke, Mllwkee R Quittner, Vienna
J A McPherson', N V iAV Thompson, Chicago
Mrs McPherson. NY C Beardsley, Chicago
J M Elmer, Ohio Mrs Beardsley. chicag
J S Tobin, Burlingame C C Kellogg. N V
II J Lewis, N V Miss Kellogg, N V
Q G Emery, Boston Mrs Matthews,' N V
C W Nibley, Ohio G H Cooper, Boston
Mrs Nibley, Ohio C A Clapp, Boston
W Rop, Texas M II Newman, Ohio
Mrs Newman, Ohio H J Wilson, Chicago
M C Smith. USA C Proshayka Jr, ill
J McCUntock, USA Mrs Proshayka, 111
V Hook, Hookston J J Nestell. N V
G B Libbey. N V F M Parker. N V
H II Wishaw, Burlgm H Benghauer, Denver
H M Markie, Nevada Mrs Benghauer, Denvr
Mrs Markie, N V AY D'Ridgeley, N V
M Lubomerski, NY R A Edwards, Ind
Mrs Pollock, Salt Lake: Mrs Edwards, Ind
Miss (ope. Salt Lake : J A Kimberly, Wis
Mrs S A Cornell. N V Mrs Klmberly, Wis
J A Pollock, St Lake |
GRAND HOTEL.
J B Tilly, Areata |Q M Bock. Stockton
W F George, Sacto ' M J Silvia, Stockton
J W Bailey, Helena 8 W Alexander, L A
T Ross, Sacto D Kennedy, Cal
G L Jones. Cal W E AVhltford & W,
Mrs Banbery, Col Cal
J A Ferguson, Damas-|J B Simonson, Mich
cus Miss Simonson, Mich
J T McGllvray, Cal P Rocco, Omaha
Mrs T Pelkey, Pa AD Barham, L Ang
A\' Pelkey, Pa D W Edleroian, L A
F Pelkev", Pa G H Reynolds. Chgo
C Pelkey, Pa |T G Horn, Colo
A T Pelkev, & rr, Pa ' ' O Dunbar, S Kosa
E Smith. Cal •' E Garmori, S Rosa
II S Sladen, Stanford E J Harris, Salinas
M J Collins & w, Cal Mathlson, S Cruz
II Brown, Napa IAV R Townsend, L A
A L Baker, Tacoma J H McEwen, Cal
J }' Blakely, Pa J H Lundon & w, Colo
B Neustaedter, Con- C W Bagg, Syracuse
cord I J S Bast, Syracuse
L Walsh, Sausalito :W B Stoneford. St Lee
J Hirsch. Cal ! ( * Grapon, Suisun
S J Jansen, Eureka Miss C A Newman, S
AY C Elsmore, Eureka 1 Jose
F C Hank. Alton Mrs J S Cornell, N V
Mrs Plzalett, Eureka Mrs J H Cox, N V"
Miss L Plzalett, Cal Miss Cox, N V
Miss II Pizalett. Cal A Smith. Pittsburg
Mr Walter, Eureka 1> AN' Han. -hard. S Jos
O H P Sheets, Cal C C Baker, Cal
Mrs O II P Sheets, Cal F F Moresley & w,
S L Hoyne, Fresno Mich
sAY Suenger, Colo Miss II Moresley, Mch
G F Heln.iel, Cal J B Hoyt, Cal
X Sanborn, Cal D H Rand «fe w,, Cal
.; E cutis, Stockton J F McKee, Oroville
A Hutzler. Willows S F Alderson. Cal
H A Furber, Mich P J Klnnaley, Cal
AY B Parker Jr. Cal J Goldman, Merced
G M Davis, A'allejo J II Clark & w, Cal
G Alexander, Cal W M Earle, Cal
C A Carroll. Cal Dr S J Cole. U S CS
M L May, N Orleans D Healy, Sacto
NATIVE SONS
TREATED TO
A HIGH JINKS
Grand Parlor Dele
gates Entertained.
GUESTS OF STANFORD PARLOR
SHERIFF MARTIN AS MASTER OF
CEREMONIES.
An Entertaining Attractive Pro
gramme of Music, Song, Dances
and Cake-Walking— Pipes
and Tobacco.
"High life below stairs'* best expresses
the condition of affairs last evening in
the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building, where Stanford Parlor No. 76
gave Its high jinks to the delegates to the
Grand Parlor, which will convene in Sa
linas to-morrow and to specially invited
members of the order.
There were present about four hundred,
one-half of that number being delegates.
The programme that was presented by
J. J. Lerman, F. A. Schleicher, John J.
McCarthy, Samuel Shean and J. Green
berg, the social committee of the parlor,
for their entertainment was a lengthy
and pleasing one— in fact, the A-ery best
that this parlor has ever arranged at an
affair of this kind. There were nearly
thirty numbers on "the list,'' and while
these were being presented no smoking
was alloAved, nor were any refreshments
served.
D. A. Curtin, president of the parlor,
delivered a short address appropriate to
the occasion, at the conclusion of which
he introduced J. J. German, the chair
man of the committee, who, after ex
pressing the hope that all would enjoy
the hospitality of Stanford Parlor, intro
duced Sheriff Henry S. Martin as the
master of ceremonies.
The first number was by the Stanford
University Glee Club, which rendered sev
eral choice selections; Daniel E. Hanlon
favored with imitations of Henry Irving,
Henry James and John McCullough; then
William J. O'Brien, the sweet singer, ren
dered several vocal selections; T. G. Eg
gert amused the audience with stories
and songs; the Frank Coffin Quartet en
tertained with choice selections, after
which Marshall P. Wilder of the Orpheum
kept the audience in a roar for a quarter
of an hour. Miss Hazel gave an exhibi
tion of fancy dancing; Ogilvie and Lloyd
sang duets; Donald de V. Graham sang
ballads; A. Dayton sang coon songs; and
Louis Steiger gave imitations of Chinese
singers. In the second part there was a
Cakewalk, musical selections by the Stan
ford University Mandolin Club, vocal se
lections by Major A. A. Borllni, John Des
mond and W. H. Brown, banjo duet by
the Howard brothers, club-swinging by
members of the Olympic Club and con
tributions by artists from the local the
aters after the places of amusement
closed.
At the close of the programme a special
committee served pipes, tobacco and
sandwiches and it was near midnight
when the jinks was closed in due form
and with three cheers for the enter
tainers.
All the delegates who were in the city
last night will leave this morning at '9
o'clock by the broadgauge for the con
vention city to remain there until next
Saturday. _____________________________
HARES RAN STRONG
IN THE COLD SNAP
FIRST ROUND OF THE BIG STAKE
FINISHED.
Probable Winners of the Races That
Will Be Run To-Day at Union
Coursing Park.
The crowd of sport-lovers at Union
Park yesterday sought the shelter Of the*
betting ring. The cold and sharp wind
from the north that swept over the pleas
ure ground was not hailed with delight
by those who had left behind their over
coats. The hares showed a marked im
provement in their running, and the sport
was consequently much better than usual.
Although ninety-six dogs contested in the
all-aged stake, the favorites, with few
exceptions, carried off the winning colors.
The first course, between Koolawn and
Morning Glory, was an upset to the
"know-it-alls," who played Koolawn, a
; 2*;2 to 1 shot, to win. Hooper's dog was
seemingly "off her feed." Her perform
ance was very mediocre, considering what
she is capable of doing when fit. Sister
Julia, a dog that belongs to no particular
place on earth, met Mercy May in the
slips. The betting was 10 to 1 in' favor of
Miss May, and it can be safely said that
those who played her "were on to the
pipe." Sister JulFa was not fast enough
to catch a cold on a warm day, and Mercy
May ran unassisted. The judge, immedi
ately after the kill, rode near the betting
ring and declared all bets off. The favor
ites had matters their own way until the
nineteenth course was called, when Sil
ver Lyon, a 3 to  shot, bowled over Vigi
lant, who ran unsighted for some dis
tance. The twenty-first course jarred the
talent considerably. Lowlander, a strong
favorite at 8 to 1, met the Milo kennel's
Miss Rabbit. It looked like easy money
when Lowlander shot from the slips and
led his opponent fully ten yards to the
hare, but after the turn the brindle dog
had to be content to watch the tall of Miss
Rabbit, who rapidly scored up points on
turns and wrenches and won handsomely
The defeat of Victor, who ran stiff by
Mystic Maid was the only remaining 'fea
ture of note in connection with the day's
sport. The dogs that won and lost are
as follows:
Open stake, ninety-six entries-Result of
rundown: Morning Glory beat Koolawn
Metallic beat Eclipse, Connemara beat
Flying Buck, Victor Queen beat Dempsev
Lass, Mercy May beat Sister Julia Svf
vanus beat Sweet Lips. Motto beat Cross
patch. Golden Russet beat Admiral
Dewey, Lady Marian beat Rod of Ash
St. Michael beat Candelaria, Lady Claire
beat Wild Lassie. Interesting beat Flvin?
Faster, Moondyne II beat Miller's Rah?
bie, Kid McCoy beat Belle Seward Terrol
na beat Fear Not, Rustan beat Nida
False Flatterer beat The Devil, Petronius
beat Rock Island King, Silver Lvon beat
VigUJUlt Battle-ship beat Gold Tim Mi-.
Rabbit beat Lowlander, Magic beat Right
Bower, Prince Jerome beat Safeguard
Minerva^ beat Revolver, Glen Roy beat
Lamplighter, Little Van beat Master
piece, Young America beat Trinket. Elev
enspot beat Silver Wings, Blackette beat
Hazel Dell, Maid of the Hill beat Hum
mer, Sportsman beat Hercules, Winning
Ways beat Free Silver Boy. Mira Monte
Vr eat .. Skylark. Prince Hal beat Lorain..
Mystic Maid beat Victor. Mayflower beat
W heel of Fortune? Rusty Gold beat On
ward, Blacklock beat Black I'atti St
Lawrence beat Olympus, Black Hess 'beat
Seminole Shylock Boy beat High Hand'
Jennie Wilson beat Cling On, Rollicking
Airs beat Ida Beauty Spot beat Miss
Grizzle, Luxor beat Flush. Lottie M beat
Lord Byron, White Chief beat Regular
Army, Snapshot beat Master Mat
Sapling stake— Result of the run down:
Pat Horgan beat Honor Bright. Belmont
V. 11 " 1 b £ at it -I**1 **' 1 " 1 - Carmencua beat Rowdy
Boy, The Prince beat Maid Marion Fin
McCool beat Kittle Lee, Cleopatra beat
Ask Him. Lucretia Borgia beat Delia M
Cash beat Risky Attempt, Mollie Pitcher
beat Magnolia, Manila beat TEL Friar
Tuck beat Pepita, Robin Hood beat Mc-
Gregor. .- •
Second round: Pat Horgan beat Bel
mont Girl. Carmenclta beat The Prince
Fin McCool beat Cleopatra, Lucreti-i
Borgia beat Cash, Mollie Pitcher beat
Friar Tuck. Manila beat Robin Hood.
Judging from the form displayed by the
dogs that ran in the all-age' or open
stake, the winners of the first round to
day should be: Morning Glory, Conne
mara, Mercy May, Motto. St, • Michael.
Interesting, Moondyne, * Terrona, False
Flatterer, Battleship, Magic, Minerva,
Glen Roy, Young America, Blackette.
Sportsman, Prince Hal, Mystic Maid,
Rusty Gold, Lawrence, Jennie Wilson,
Rollicking Airs, Luzor and Snapshot.
The winner of the stake should be
either Rollicking Airs, Lonnemara or
L Do°ubtless Rollicking Airs and Luxor
will meet late in the day.
■ ♦ » ■■ *
THAT COURSING CHALLENGE.
The Owner of the Greyhound Motto
Declares That He Has Been
Grossly Misrepresented.
Last Tuesday a challenge appeared in
The Call purporting to have come .from
the hand of Frank A. McComb of West
Side, who is the owner of the greyhound
Motto. The fact that the name of Mr.
McComb was wrongly spelled and that the
intention of the writer was evidently to
injure the good standing in which Mr.
McComb is held by the Union Coursing
Park Association is in Itself an evidence
of guilt on the part of the unscrupulous
and malicious person who wrote tin arti
cle in question. It is pleasing to chronicle,
however, that neither " Mr. McComb nor
the Union Park management will feel in
the slightest the sting that was intended
by the venomous writer to cause pain and
injury to the parties it was aimed at.
The following letter in contradiction to
the challenge which was received sup
posedly from the owner of Motto speaks
for itself: ,  „„
WEST SIDE, April 20, 1599.
To Sporting Editor Call-Dear Sir: J wish
to state that the challenge issued In The Call
Of April 17 is absolutely false. I knew nothing
of it until lt appeared in the paper. Some
person with a great deal of nerve has put it
ln and forged my name to it 1 nave no
idea of the person that did It. I do not wish
to Insult any one. nor do I wish to do any
thing for which I would be ruled out of the
park, as 1 am sure I would be if .1 had put
that challenge in the paper. Hoping I will
be exonerated from any blame in such a
base act, I remain. "^^"^oMß.
And not as it was spelled in The Call, Frank
H. McCombe;__ _
PIGEON MATCHES AT
INGLESIDE TRAPS
i SUPERVISOR BLACK LOSES TO W.
C. BROWN.
j Fair Scores in a High Wind Against
a Strong and Speedy Lot of
Birds.
Sportsmen were out in number yester
day at the Olympic Gun Club grounds,
Ingleside, to witness the live-bird match
between W. C. Brown and Supervisor
Howard Black. The wind was high and
the birds, as afterward developed, were
a strong and speedy lot, but, everything
considered, the men made good scores.
The match was at twenty-five birds, un
known traps, and was won by Brown by
I the narrow margin of one, the score
standing at the end Brown IS, Black 17.
I Brown started badly, losing three out of
j his first five birds, Then he braced and
'■ got the next ten straight. With one shot
! to make a tie Black's last bird died out of
bounds and he lost the match. The full
I score is as follows:
Brown 2 00011122222
221*21101*01 2— IS
Black 1 2202*2*2012
202111001122 •— l7
In a handicap match at twelve birds
Charles Fisher beat Supervisor Phelps by
a score of 8 to 6.
In. a pool shoot, six birds. Vernon and
Rustler divided first money with a
straight kill. The score was: Haight 5,
Fay 3. Vernon 6, Fisher 5. Rustler 6. In
another six-bird pool the scores were:
Haight 6, Fay 5, Vernon 6, Rustler 6,
Black 4.
Ex-Supervisor Hughes and Jeff Bolton
shot at three birds, each. Bolton manag
! ing to bring down his second. Hughes, for
lack of an additional barrel ■ to his gun,
1 falling to ruffle a. feather on his trio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fjf#f
ly \%V sf
ir \\ ijvr / ____rC5_.
\\lV7 o>^
A MAN WHO IS NOT
FASTIDIOUS
about his laundry work will take It to
"any old place," but those who are
well-bred and want their linen to be
faultless in its color and finish will seek
out the United States Laundry in time,
just as water finds its level. Our laun-
dry work is incomparable, and is the
perfection of the laundryman's art.
Try us!
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
8 P RBliy'Q FOR EITHER SEX.
Bag gnUTO OThis remedy being in-
-— ■ ■jeeted directly to tho
&F_\ J_ _9*__ seat of those diseases
» o'* BE of * ne CSenito-Urinary
BE_ti ih* IB Organs, requires no
WUn V&S 801 change of diet. Cure
.^W' — ——^aaW guaranteed in 1 to S
'• 'days. Small plain park*
OURESSfi «V£ U ' *F*°-
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sol. Aetata,
2U Kearny st.. San Franetsco. CaL
n^W^ WHEN YOU
(^^^^^.^^StßlC BELT gel Dr.
rryy^^^^^^^^ Pierces" and ycu will
:J isfl= = _ ' y* not be. disappointed.
"VjsT" Call or address PIERCE
I}. ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Mart** st. (opp. r_*«c9 Rota), S. F.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NO OPPOSITION
EXPECTED TO
FABIOLA DAY
Pulpit Topics Give No
Suggestion. .
••GOLDEN CALF" DOUBTFUL
DR. DILLE'S SUBJECT IS ONE OF
A SOCIAL SERIES.
Good Horses Are Being Held at the
Track Attracted by the Large
Purses to Be Offered
Saturday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
IKIS Broadway, April 22.
The well-wishers of Fabioia were con-
Flderably relieved to-night when the pul
pit topios of to-morrow were published
nr.d no references were •■■■'■. to Fabiola's
1 1 y day, which is set for next Satur-
The unpleasantness of a year ago is
still fresh in the memories of the lady
managers, and they were very anxious
for tliis particular Sunday to pass, as it is
the last before Fabiola's benefit conies off.
One year ago Rev. Dr. Dille denounced
ln the strongest language the practice of
an institution of the character of Fabioia
accenting a benefit from the racetrack.
l>r. Dille's words were in some quarters
construed as being personal, and a hitter
controversy ensued. Rev. Dr. Coyle ex
pressed the same sentiments as Dr. Dille,
and Rabbi Levi of San Francisco, who
was some years ago located In Oakland,
took the part of the ladies and contra
dicted the spirit of the Protestant minis
ters' statements.
For to-morrow Dr. Dil has announced
for his subjects the .-■ en and the Un
seen." and in the evening "The Worship
of the Golden Calf." There is Just a
shade of doubt regarding what may come
of the golden calf sermon, but as it Is
the second of a series of sermons It is not
likely that it will be directed at Fabioia.
Dr" Coyle will preach from the subjects,
"Lest We Forget" and .... Doors."
r.nd there is considered to be nothing very
etgnlrtcant so far as Fabioia Is concerned
in either topic. At none of the other
churches is there anything to suggest that
Fabioia and its management will receive
a scoring unless it be at the Twenty
fourth avenue M, E. Church, where Rev.
K. M. Hill will preach to-morrow night on
"Off the Track"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r Sunday, Apr. 23. New Prices "Wednesday
$ No Liquors — just f ;
a Good Groceries fl A
¥ A hundred helps to horned
economy. f
(About your buying — J
saving here means more^
'to buy with. f
J Groceries for cash: *
fChow Chow / gal size ]")C^
_. Pur" Food brand— quality guaranteed, a ''
JCleveland'sßak. Powd.^OcJ |
¥ One-pound can?. ¥
r Tomato Catsup 8 C \ '
! Modoc brand— large size, m
v screw top bottle. T
Duryea's Cornstarch... ...\jc\
One-pound package; w
i only two standard-- Duryea's \
and Kingsford's. V
Peaches can 5 c f
A Cood even for the a
W table. Regular size. T
Seedless Raisins lb sc?
i Fancy, In bulk ; worth ioc. m
iSchepp's Coeoanut.... 13ci
_ Scnepp's Shredded Coeoanut in bulk ; x
m sold in packages at 35c lb; W
~_ save 22c this way. • \
J Biscuit Bargains: J
Snaps lb 10 C J
{Graham Cakes lb ]Qc\
-J Pilot Bread ft lbs 2M
f "Hardtack"; the good kind. ¥
Chips lb ]")c{
A A good cracker for salads; 4
m -well named -dainty and good. \
f EIGHT SAVING STORES: *
4 735 Market fit. 8. T. 1311 Polk St. 8. T. 4
t if>6o Washington. Oak Bhattnck At, Berkeley \
i 3th A Washington, *' Central At Alameda*
"k 12th ft l.*'.th At. " Tth A Wood. Oak ▼
When
prices
are cut
wages are often reduced and
business demoralized.
Fair prices means pros-
perity.
Your grocery bill will be
more satisfactory if you deal
with a grocer who offers no
"baits" — but charges fair,
uniform prices for all goods ;
such as
Ghirardelli's
Cocoa, 1-2 lb. 25c; 1 1b.. 50c*
Ground Chocolate, 1 Ib. . .30c
Eagle Chocolate, 11b.... 25c -
Monarch Chocolate, 1 Ib . .35c
Pure, strong, FRESH, home
made. . .
D. (IHIRARDELLI CO.
@7£r£^* r^yy£y
President.
DARING JAIL
DELIVERY NIPPED
BY THE SHERIFF
Brandes and Eslabe
Cleverly Foiled. -
MURDERERS PLAN AN ESCAPE
HACK SAWS AND FRAME FOUND
ON THE LEADER.
An Unknown Woman Smuggles Tools
Into the County Jail and Aids
Prisoners in Their Con
spiracy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway; April 22.
Sheriff O. L. Rogers to-day frustrated
a well-developed conspiracy which had
for its prime object the delivery of two
[ murderers, prisoners at the County Jail,
i ami the success of which might have re
sulted in a wholesale jailbreak.
The leaders in the conspiracy were Wil
liam A. Brandes, convicted of murder in
the second degree for beating to death his
• 13-year-old daughter, Lillian Brandes. and
whose motion for a new trial will be ar-
g ued before Judge Hall next Monday; and
Joaquin Eslabe. the convicted murderer
of Charles Gates, the crippled t..male
vender, whom he beat to death with a
piece of lead pipe.
Eslabe is the instigator and the two
prisoners found a formidable ally in a
simple-minded married woman, whose
name Sheriff Rogers declines to make
public. This woman has frequently vis
: ited Eslabo at the County Jail and she
appeared smitten with the murderer, who
with Brandes, James Qilllgan, the slayer
of Jockey Epperson, and other important
prisoners, occupied the Grand Jury corri
dor during the day time and up to 9
o'clock of evenings.
About ten days ago Sheriff Rogers, his
1 chief jailer. Louis Schoenau, and Deputy
George Tavlor first learned that a con
spiracy- was brewing. This fa. they dis
covered through words dropped by the
leaders in conversation with other pris
' oners. _ ,_.,■_
A few days ago Eslabe' female friend
and ally visited the jail and left a small
package for her jailed lover. She had
frequently brought fruits and delicacies
for him and the package was passed to
the prisoner without examination.
This morning Eslabe and Brandes ap
peared to be In unusually cheerful spirits.
Hints were dropped that reached the
1 Sheriff's ears and an immediate investi
gation resulted. Eslabe was taken Into
his cell and searched. On him were found
' hacksaws, files and a frame. When con
fronted with the evidence the conspirator
; frankly admitted his purpose and his al
lies, confessing that he had sent for the
j tools. He threateningly asserted that he
i "would vet make holes in the County
: Jaii." Th.- delivery was to have been ef
fected to-day, tin. Eslabe remarked to
; Sheriff Rogers and Jailers Schoenau and
Tavlor, who conducted the search, that
they "could not blame him for trying to
escape while the gallows are staring him
lln the face." Eslabe's case is now pend
] ing In the Supreme Court on appeal.
The strictest secrecy was preserved at
the Jail and in the Sheriff's office. In
fact. Chief Jailer Schoenau vigorously de
nied the report of the attempted deliv
ery. Sheriff Rogers, however, though with
i much reluctance, finally verified the story
as given her. with.
"Yes. we have been expecting this,"
I said the Sheriff, "but I felt confident that
we were perfectly able to cope with it.
"We are fully prepared to handle such
matters and were well informed as to the
movements of outsiders. We did wish
to keep the matter quiet until after
i Brandes' case had been disposed of; but
now that it is all out, why, that's all
i there is about it."
Brandes and Eslabe have V now been
placed in solitary confinement and each
: in his separate cell will so remain until
j his case is disposed of. The woman in the
j conspiracy will in all probability be ar
' rested. _____________________________
Fanners' Institute at Haywards.
OAKLAND, April 22.— There was an
1 enthusiastic meeting of farmers and fruit
men at the opera house in Haywards this
' afternoon to arrange for a farmers' insti
tute in Eden Township on May 27. The
institute will be conducted by the agricul
tural department of the State University
under the direction of Professor D. I*.
Fowler. The following committee was ap
pointed to arrange for the institute:
George Gray, James Ramage. Fred All.
Dr. Browning, Haywards; Horry Meek,
! San Lorenzo; A. <'ary, San Leandro; C.
: Nissen. Mount Eden; M. Kerwin, I. B.
Parsons, Castro Valley; F. B. Granger,
! Alvarado. The committee organized and
elected Horry Meek president and I. li.
Parsons secretary.
Turner Files More Deeds.
OAKLAND, Aprl! 22.— J. F. Turner, the
San Francisco real estate deal* who has
figured in numerous deals across the bay
and who was interested in th**- famous
"Nobby" Clark case, to-day filed several
deeds in the Alameda County Recorder's
office covering property in Alameda and
San Joaquin counties. One deed conveys
title from Forest S. Rowley and Effie D.
Rowley to Frank D. Culver; In another
Culver deeds to Turner; in still another
J. P. Frender and Sarah B. Frond er
' transfer to J. F» Turner title to a lot at
i the southwest corner of Excelsior and
Watson streets, this city, besides their in
terest in the San Joaquin property. The
consideration named In each case is $10.
» ♦ ■
Stayed the Stroke of the Ax.
A ".DA, April 22.— The new Board
'of City Trustees held another caucus
■ last night to discuss prospective
I changes in the appointive offices of the
I city. The Police Department came in
, for the lion's share of the discussion. -One
of the Harmonic Hall contingent urged
that the position of every police officer
he declared vacant on account of the
i force violating the rules of the depart
: ment and being too aggressive in the
: City Marshal's fight. Joseph Forderer,
| who was re-elected a member of the
hoard on the Municipal League ticket,
'. blocked the wholesale slaughter by call
ing attention to an old city ordinance
' which provides that no city officer can he
! removed without being given a hearing.
KILLED BY A
COIL OF ROPE
Peculiar Death of a Laborer
on the Mohican.
OAKLAND. April 22.— Joe Neves, a Portuguese laborer, was killed on the
Mohican, lying off old long wharf, this afternoon. In company with Captain
C. W. Saunders and First Mate E. W. Kelley, Neves was holding on to a
guiderope attached to a yardarm on the vessel, assisting in lowering a
heavy piece of machinery Into the hold. ; ;
For some reason the donkey engine moved, causing a peculiar noise;
which evidently alarmed Neves. Letting go of the guiderope, he Jumped Into
the coil of rope back of him. The yardarm, being thus suddenly released,
swung out, tightening the coil about Neves' body, hurling him against an
iron water tank and then out into the bay at least a hundred and fifty yards.
His dead body was .immediately recovered- and it was found that his left
leg had been broken, also both arms and his back. He was removed to the
Morgue.' An inquest will be held next Monday night. Deceased was aged 32
years and leaves a large family residing on B street, near Louisa, in the
Watts Tract.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
CITY HALL IS
DECLARED TO
BE TOO SMALL
Prisoners Likely to Be
Roasted Alive.
NO SAFETY FROM FIRE
EVEN PUBLIC RECORDS ARE IN
' GRAVE DANGER.
-
The Mayor Sees Little Hope of
a New Hall' Until City
and County Are
United.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 22.
The Board of Works decided officially
to-day that the City Hall is too small for
the city's business and also that it is very
badly arranged for the convenience of the
public. Mayor Snow's great objection Is
to the entrance, and he declared that in
no other city of even a quarter the size
of Oakland is the entrance to the City
Prison, the Board of Education, the Police
Court, the Mayor's office, the taxpayers'
office and other places where ladies fre
quently have business in one spot. In this
city there is generally a gang of Police
Court loafers and prison frequenters con
gregated around the entrance of the City
Hall, and Mr. Snow has a plan whereby
the police feature could be confined to
Fifteenth street in the rear, leaving the
front free for the city's business.
The Commissioners are anxious to cen
ter all the municipal departments under
one roof, but find that this caanot be
done, and although they roundly condemn
the City Hall, it was the opinion of the
Mayor that no new City Hall will be
built until the consolidation of a city and
county, which be places at ten years in
the future.
City Engineer Clement has be'en re
quested to bring his offloe from the Mac-
Donough building into the City Hall and
occupy the room now held by the Board
of Education. He has measured and finds
that there is much too little space for
the growing requirements of the Engi
neer's office. it is proposed that the Board
of Education shall -share the same rooms
as the City Council. An attempt will be
made to secure a reduction of the rents
for the quarters now occupied by the En
gineer.
The Commissioners called attention to
the fact that the City Hall is an old shack
and that there is not within it a single
fireproof room. So thai in case of fire all
the city records would in all probability
be destroyed, for it has long been con
ceded that the old wooden building would
quickly be totally burned if lire ever got
a good start.
One question that Is appealing to the
Commissioners very forcibly "is the loca
tion of the prisoners. The City Prison is
in the basement of the City Hall. The
cells are old-fashioned and generally con
tain about thirty people. In the event of
a fire the probability is strong that at
least half of the prisoners would be
roasted to death. There have been sev
eral small fires at the hall, which have
been quickly subdued; but there is a gen
eral feeling among the City Hall crowd
that "there will come a time some day"
when things will be different. '
■-.--.. .
UNCLE SAM HAS
A WIDE CHOICE
MANY OFFERS TO SELL A POST
OFFICE SITE.
Prices Range From Thirty Thousand
to One Hundred and Thirty
Thousand Dollars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
g DOS Broadway, April 22.
Bids were opened at Washington to-day
for a site for tho Oakland Postoffice. The
last Congress appropriated 1250.000 for the
building and site, of which $75,000 Is im
mediately available. The bids are as fol
lows: H. B. Belden, east side of Webster
street, from Tenth to Eleventh, $53,725;
Thomas Mahoney, north side of Franklin
street, from Ninth to Tenth, $91,000; Mrs.
J. W. Coleman, east side of Webster
street, from Eighth to Ninth, $35,000; A. C.
Diets (three bids)— bounded by Har
rison, Webster, Twelfth and Thirteenth
streets. $100,000; west side Harrison, from
Twelfth to Thirteenth, $55,000; northeast
corner Twelfth and Harrison, $47,000; John
A. Stanly (three sites)— block bounded
by Jackson, Madison, Twelfth and Thir
teenth streets, $75,000; east side of Jack
son, from Twelfth to Thirteenth. $46,000;
west side of Madison, from Twelfth to
Thirteenth, $45,000; J. S. Myers, northwest
corner of Broadway and Seventeenth
street. $130,000; J. 11. McDonald (four sites)
junction of Twentieth and Grove streets
and San Pablo avenue, $72,500; east side of
Jefferson, from Eighth to Ninth, $..0,000;
corner Grove street and San Pablo av
enue, $60,000; east side of Jefferson, from
Fourteenth to Fifteenth, $75,000; H. G.
Allen, northwest corner of Fourteenth
and- Clay streets, $130,000; Mary R. Smith,
Harrison street, from Eleventh to Central
avenue, $100,000; Sarah Weill, north side of
Fourteenth street to Market, $67,500; Mary
M. Brock, southeast corner of Broadway
and Twentieth. $46,000; Oliver E. Stevens
and others, southeast corner of Broadway
and Seventeenth street, $72,000; "**""*. G.
Henshaw, northeast corner Franklin and
Fourteenth streets. $90,000; William l-_.
Barnard (four Bites)- side Telegraph
avenue, from Twenty-first street .to
Twenty-second, $60,000: west side of
Franklin street, extending from Durant.
$40,000; west side Madison strict, from
Thirteenth to Fourteenth. $66,000; east
side of Castro street, from Eighth to
Ninth. $56,000; Bacon Land and Loan Com
pany (two sites)— southeast corner of
Fifteenth and Franklin streets. $45,000;
east side of Broadway, between Fifteenth
and Birnie streets, $85,000; Elliot H. Wool
sey. block bounded by Jackson, Madison.
Eleventh and Twelfth streets, $65,000. Bids
were also opened for a site for a build
ing at Seattle. Wash. The bidders are as
follows: Mary A. Denny. $140,000; Eslrel
man Corcoran Company (two sites), $150,
--000 and $147,000; Stewart & Smith, $105,250.
TWO. WOMEN FOUND DEAD.
Sudden Death of Mrs. Nunez and Mrs.
Catherine Warham, Two Aged
Widows.
OAKLAND, April Mrs. Mary Nunez,
an aged widow, who had been in failing
health for some time past, was found
dead at the gate in front of her home in
Haywards this morning. Neighbors had
seen her leave the house last evening,
but they do not remember having heard
her return. This morning they found her
lying near the gate. Heart failure is the
supposed cause of her death. .Mrs. Nunez's
husband was killed in an accident several
years ago. She leaves considerable prop
erty, but no children, and has no rela
tives hereabouts so far as known.
Mrs. Katherine Warham was found dead
in her bed In the rear of her grocery store,
GUI Sixteenth street, at noon to-day. Her
death is also attributed to heart trouble.
Deceased was a widow, a native of lowa,
aged 51 years, and leaves three sons—
Audley, Percy R. and Reginald W. War
ham. Inquests will be held on both of
these deaths.
STANFORD-U. C. CONCERT.
Musical Clubs of the Two Universi
ties to Unite Their Talent.
BERKELEY, April 22.— The musical as
sociations of Stanford University and the
University of California have arranged
for a joint concert to be given at the
Alhambra Theater, San Francisco, next
Saturday evening, April 29. Both colleges
will send their glee, mandolin, banjo and
guitar clubs to take part. This is the
second time that the Cardinal and the
Blue and Gold have joined forces in the
same programme. A similar plan was
carried out four years ago and proved
very successful.
Besides selections rendered by me clubs
the following numbers will bo put on the
programme: Celo solo, Edward G. Kus
ter, University of California; banjo solo,
Arthur Black, Stanford; vocal solo, Allen
F. Smith.. University of California; chalk
talk, Richard K. Culver, Stanford; vocal
solo, Frank .Argall, University of Cali
fornia.
To Rebuild the Comanche.
OAKLAND, April 22.— purchasers of
the old monitor Comanche have applied to
the wharfinger for permission to dock
their Vessel for some months at reduced
rates while they dismantle and-rehabili
tate her. They intend to use the vessel
as a freight boat on the bay, after putting
modern engines aboard. The request lias
been denied, although the vessel will be
given a berth at schedule rates.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'onnan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Lecture by Hon. Julius Kahn.
On Tuesday evening next at Odd Fel
lows' Hall Hon. Julius Kahn will deliver
a lecture on "California— Past, Present
and Future," under the auspices of Stros
maier Council Xo. 400. and Yorke Coun
cil No. 508, Y. M. T. Hon. Bert Schlesin
pr will act as president of th» evening,
and in addition to the lecture* there will
be a musical programme, which will in
clude several selections by the Hebrew
Orphan Asylum band, which has «very
kindly volunteered Its services for the
occasion. Tickets of admission are com
plimentary and ' may be obtained at
Y. M. I. headquarters, "4 Fourth street.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
THF 1 111/ m 1 AM/ T l^gr—-^.l
Hi lAW thf 1 ZlIvW i fpKPierceSf
■■■_« IMfi ■■■• LrmlF I •
The Vaiue of Advice Depends Upon the
Qualifications of the Adviser. :
THE woman who went to her grocer for legal advice, lost her case. The value of advice depends 7^'^^fflB^^ /■/n-P'^-'Ji
__. upon th^ qualifications of the adviser. Medical advice from one who is not W^l^^^QC^fj ' l\-J7f\
a doctor is as worthless as legal advice from one who is not a lawyer — and it ?'\ \\-J^l(V; "'/7^^ l/ /j/
is far more dangerous. <'-X\lW^ f^*^',^- -. '" i_yt/y
ADVICE TO WOMEN, the skilled advice of a qualified physician— offered free by Dr. R. V. 7;J-?K '•£■s ' '7-yy. 7)M fflXi?
1 • ) Pierce. It is valuable advice because it is the advice of a competent *''/. . ■ 70 / 1 • ./^ . V WiipVJ^- 1
physician. It is advice of extraordinary value, because it is the advice of an extraordinary physician, %-j fvS' '£&£& '■' ' ~" L "^h
a specialist, one who has given more than thirty years to the treatment and cure of woman's diseases. W_W^y77" taoS'**_K_t» 'I
Any doctor can give you medical advice. The benefit of his advice depends on his experience in _rV^W_4/C_l§ 111© _i
treating the particular disease from which you suffer. V- %Adjffl
j___fANY WOMEN consult Dr. Pierce after all the available local doctors have failed to give any ■V. ,-B " —
•--— —•*-*****--— - — help. Ninety-eight in every hundred such cases are cured by him. This is the '£_\f^?B¥'7 : -__££_' r "'' "'"'■ ' ''■■■
experience of- more than half a million women. Offers of advice that look like Dr. Pierces offer, are 7/^y:' /y&y^^s '/// A*
made in the press. These offers look like Dr. Pierces because they are made to look like it. No f j/- : '■ ' wMfok/l-^-V ■''' '
other offer is supported by a record or reputation equal to that of Dr. Pierce. Investigation will prove y>^7 , ___7^^%^\gJ> |SS?-"
these statements. We send pamphlet free. ' l^^ - W&^ %^^^iw^i 7-'
Jfgg WOMEN ARE INVITED to consult Dr. Pierce by letter, free of all cost. Each letter 'iXji^fe^ ;
———•————*— — — i s read and answered in private. Its statements are guarded *$&%? s—- *%&* "^!%s&& i
as a sacred confidence. The answer, is mailed in a plain envelope without advertising or other "^ w^PB
printing on it. Address, Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. V_^-iSK * -*'" mK'M
k^-*^^^^s^^^^s Free ! On receipt of stamps to defray expense of Cr^m^^_ *^T
(^^^^y:77y7^y^^ok\ mailing only, we will send Dr. Pierces Common Sense Wil// /'A' '
k^^^^^777y777-yiy7y^^J^ woman. Send 2 1 one-cent stamps for book in paper coy- W£MM?r l} L N^-^^
W^^^SS^^^t^^^T^^J ers or 3 1 stain P s m cloth binding. Address as above. Wjn ~~\
m^W '.^Sh* The Woman Who Was and the ■ mT '*^^**^_<C*)
\W//uMJ^^^^ '' : '7s^ffl Woman Who Is. p is^S'Ae « •
S]K!^V^3a__/ Mrs - M - T7 ' Tv ° nR ' of LeLoup, Franklin County, Kans., "Writes: fl * *""C|*l jjf j^^f ft
>^— %|^B^^w'7y__l^B!r''?^^ ''Words ennnot express how grateful lam for your kind advice : -'- ; *f-, ■_ fi ***IJbl fi': :
<y, M ' W_mt____Wß^_^_Wf ~-~ :^' anc^ good medicines. I have been in poor health more or less all .$:..7. --7 S3rr;> ** tt>^ . -\-
■y^^-- ~~~ '"- — m y life. In the ast nine years grew worse, and two years ago was . P7^^^_f&__£^_Jli%L ' yyy^o^7~
"y^^^^-u r 7 S ° r ) ° orl y cou^ hardly drag around. I consulted a Specialist, and *'<^ *^J[\^
r " -l£j^__i____^*' fflHJP^* f___W J^^^^^^^^^-7- * ie "*" " na(^ v l cerat -i° * 1 ) and that an operation would have to be aJWfflffiS>v*^\\i\ll Ji'jy(kum\ \
BKS_^^ performed. At Inst I wrote to Dr. Fierce, asking advice. I soon *V_____Vy7&/__\ ~**V\ W /'' ' : > \MI
__^_^^__^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ g ot - a helpful answer, advising me to try his medicines, the 'Fa- \u iy7^7i\ ii\
v77yy\^LW^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\ vorite Prescription,' 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and also his «B______fc\l^ 's__S&^^' -^ai y^TjHIUL
S^ i^y^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ X * Pleasant Pellets.' I bought two bottles of the Favorite Pre- fly^^^'f^^ "^OT^* «W)a '
i y S_§§«il_» / '^^^^^^^^^y^^^^^^^^~ scription,' two of the Discovery,' and two vials of the 'Pellets,' Hfll__§___V^X j"****^** / '■■ I#l
fi^*^*'^' >^?_^^^^^s^^^^s_^^^^^^ and I began taking 'Favorite Prescription' and the other mcdi- . wBL\VmmWKi f^^k "W^*''//-
*xn^^Jm (f /^^^^^^^^^^^^^^y /^-^'^^' c "-- cs ' as advised. When commencing I weighed 119^ pounds, Ei____3_^^^' ~^' ; * '/#>'■
J^Ty^^y^^^^^^^^^ <v TTTT^^^ Qn<^ a^- er taking one bottle of each I was like a new woman. In -UkNJH^. _ *y~- r il
'I /yyyyyy' 'y^^y^yy^* one mouth I gained eight pounds. After taking two bottles of .K?i}WP^i * <C ? > /77777 jivy
V/ y77yy^'' yy7-:'y y- - each of the medicines named, I began to look like a woman and >.*i' ' . | 'J/>Sffijx _^y* '• //X
'<%y^ '^ / "^ ' not like a wasted skeleton. That weary, tired feeling all left me, **• . l .■ Js^s£^X'~--H' s X
—, T —, "^ anil it did seem as though life was worth living, and that I had $#7.7/ 77: "^^^^^^y^S^y^ \ 1
**" y' ■ PI: E3R.C;EJ ) IJL. D. been snatc from the grave, and would live to a good old age," : *^§^^^^^^--- * vjv\^
m. PIERCFS FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION 7M±7yj{
Makes Weak Women Strong and Sick Women Well I ?"s"*___X.,tV '_
IT IS UNLIKE MANY MEDICINES OFFERED FOR THE USE OF WOMEN, IN THAT IT CONTAINS A . 7 J-^*p**^ ' Z^^
NO ALCOHOL, WHISKY, OR OTHER INTOXICANT, AND IS ABSOLUTELY FREE KMt '
FROM OPIUM, COCAINE, OR OTHER NARCOTICS. \& « *
I———— -■■ m ii ,i_, Ini , 1 V 'Afr X-t^-£>;ccC^ &CL4AS
"'^^LJ^iJ/^^fN '7M _^;MSOON 60TA ..^fa,-. «l BEGAN TAKING ] J PSP^S - J-J > __// /
DRL PttpCEfr-/-- -*%^) — * HELPFUL ANSWER/^^l^ FAVORITE, PRESt I *_l^||BrftWft tbs^u, o«^-o (ocJCtU^ &*>,
Wl?^\° i^ <_ / rwo , "- 1 ! nil 777m^f«,/ lu^s^tu****,
WfMPU M wt4Mw^¥ t l^ t^
\ \<^J\ $y^fTTyi \ Viy <i '" x a
—————— 1, .• ' >^_ _ ■!, 1 .:; I — iiiiV"- ii7i ■iffllf nn n_i_ in
SALVATIONISTS ENTER
JOB PRINTING BUSINESS
AN ADJUNCT TO THE WAR
CRY DEPARTMENT.
Will Compete With Rival Establish
ments on Equal Terms — No
Favors Asked or Given.
The Salvation Army lias decided to en
ter the job printing field, .and the an
nouncement has caused shivers of ap
prehension to begin traversing the spinal j
columns of the employing printers of the
city, while the typestickers are also ex
periencing a feeling of dread. But there
is no reason for either to be alarmed, for
the Salvation print shop is to be run for
revenue only, paying first class wages and
doing first class work. No attempt is to
be made to secure work by offering to do
it cheaper than anyone else as it Is claimed
is done by a certain establishment con
ducted by a religious organization across
the bay. The Salvationists are prepared
to enter into active competition with the
firms al^ady in the field on equal terms,
depending on the excellence of the work
turned out to bring them business. The
circular announcing the entry of the Sal
vationists into the field of job printing,
which has been sent to a large number of
business men within the last few days, is
as follows: . ;.'*■.;. Ty{.y
SAN FRANCISCO. March 15, 1539.
Dear Sir: We desire .to call your atten
tion to the fact that we have opened up a
first-class Job printing establishment in
connection with our War Cry department..
With modern type, experienced workmen
and other facilities, we feel that we can
give you entire satisfaction, both in price
and workmanship. We are certain that our
work in itself will merit your patronage,
yet desire to call your attention to the fact
that all profits accruing from such will be
used to assist in our work on this coast,
which we believe is already too well known
to require further explanation from us.
Trusting that we may hear from you In
answer to this, I remain, yours very sin
cerely, WILLIAM EVANS,
Lieutenant Colonel.
The printing department of the Salva
tion Army is in charge of Charles Dan
ner. Mr. Danner says he proposes to em
ploy only flrst Class men and expects to
pay union wages and in some instances
more. He says:
"The job printing department will be
run on business principles in every re
spect. It will not be conducted on the
lines of the social work of the army at
all. 1 expect to start a solicitor about
next week, and at first will employ one
jobber and one pressman. Later, if the
business warrants it, I will put on more
men. I shall not cater to the cheap class
of trade at all, as there is more money in
doing first class work. None of the print
ers will receive less than the union scale'
of wages, $3 per day, and I expect to pay
more than that in some Instances. I have
no intention or desire to fight the union,
and in this connection I will say that the
majority of job printing firms in this city
are at present employing non-union men,
or at least paying less than union wages.
The union men need have no fear that
our shop will have a tendency to reduce
wages, and I will be only too glad to com
pare payrolls with competing firms at
any time."
■___,■
Odd Fellows' Picnic.
Next Wednesday there will be celebra
tions all over the State. Wherever there
is an organized body of Odd Fellows that
body will, in some way, celebrate the
WILL PUNCH HARD
FOR TEH ROUNDS
THE Western Athletic Club
showed wise .Judgment in
matching ''Billy" Otts and
Charles Johnson to box ten
rounds on Tuesday evening a3 a pre
liminary to the Neill and Tracey
twenty-round bout. Otts is a great
favorite with the members of the
Olympic. Reliance and Acme Ath
letic clubs, and it can be safely said
that he will put up a strong argu
ment.
Johnson's decisive victory over
Mulligan has impressed his friends
with the idea that he is a champion
in the class he represents, and
doubtless he will be a favorite in
eightieth anniversary of the establishment
of Odd Fellowship. The subordinate lodges
of this city, the Rebekah lodges and the
Patriarchs Militant will take a day off
and celebrate the event by a grand
picnic at Mirabel Park, twelve miles
above Santa Rosa. The committees in
charge have arranged for a pleasant day's
_-\ V t
Otts and Johnson
Jlpe in Fipst-Class
Cognition fop a
Real Sepap.
the betting. Manager Long states
that lovers of the sport who witness
the contests will not go away dis
appointed.
outing, and have secured union bands to
fr.rnish the music for the lovers of danc
ing. There will hi- a number of games
and races. The proceeds of this picnic.
which is to be neld under the auspices of
the Rebekah drill corps and Canton No. 5
of the Patriarchs Militant, will be uonated
to the fund being got up for the golden
jubilee of the foundation of Odd Fellow
ship in California.
1516
YACHT SAILS ARE UNFURLED
TO THE BREEZES OF SUMMER
Jolly Corinth
ians Open the
Season,
N. I ONE who saw the town and
cove of Tiburon yesterday after
noon could havo failed to observe
an unusual amount of gayiety and
commotion. On the dancing wa
ters* of the bay in front of the
clubhouse, newly painted yachts, deco
rated from stem to stern with prize an.l
jign-il Cass, lay at their moorings, while
to r.nd fro flitted launches and small
boats bearing crowds* of matrons and
•aughir.g girls Ui partake of the owners'
cospitality. In the clubhouse the officers
and leading members, clad in uniform
roats and spotless duck trousers, devoted
themselves to their lady guests, who were
attir.-d in bright summer costumes and
brilliant hats. The afternoon was pleas
intly passed in dancing, listening to the
music, and visiting the yachts, all of
which kept ojV< n house. Refreshments
wer.- served «>:i the piazza, which was
rowrod in with canvas to shelter it from
the brteze that blew briskly during the
afternoon; Among tho many who ac
repti d the hospitality of the Corinthians
R-erc. Mrs. T. 1.. Miller. Mrs. F. E. Baker,
Mrs. .1. W. Few. Mrs. It. R. l'Hommodieu,
Mrs. Hawkins. Mrs. F. Stone, the Misses
Etta and Belle O'Brien. Mrs. Eugene Lee.
Miss Henshaw., Miss Jellott. Miss Kirk
patrick and .Mrs. Van Trees. Captain AY.
5. < 'rover of the yawl Arcturus enter
tain, tl tho following guests: Mrs H. E.
Mathews. "Miss Jean Carter. James A.
Uvoosiler. Leslie J. Harkness. S. M.
Crim and Victor E. Mathews. On board
(ho sloop Harpoon were Mrs. Cook, the
Misses Mary and Jessie Sullivan. Miss
Gladys Cummlngs. Miss Florence San
kcv. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Sharpe. Fred W.
Kellev, Fred K. Cook, Harry F. Terriil.
Judire Frank 11. Kerrigan' Mr. and Mrs.
Ballard K. B. Soule, Mra. George Daley.
IW. H. Toepko. Miss M. C. Toe] '■■ and
the Misses Ludlow. E. F. Sagar received
the following on his sloop Edna: Mrs.
Thomas. Mrs. Souc. Mr. and Mrs. Neal.
E. James, W. Howe. Frank Thompson,
B. C. Delamater and H. W. Westerfeld.
Dn board Captain W. F. Fisher's yaw!
Nereid were tho following guests: Mrs.
T. B. Gould, Miss Sadie (Jotild. Miss Etta
Batty, Miss Alice Adamson. Wallace
Gould. AY. Brown and H. Van Bergen.
Captain Frank A. Bartlett of the sloop
Queen, assisted by Mrs. Bartlett. re
-eived the Misses C. and M. Syme. D. H.
Watkins. J. K. Buluer. Mat nnan,
W. Dixey and Judge W. X. Kent. On
hoard the* sloop Caprice and ark La
Fiesta were O. L. Burr, C. W. Dohie, C.
C. Dohie and Miss Julia Keyser. J. A.
Breitzmann received on his sloop Cupid
Miss Delia Ingram. Miss May Walter,
Miss Flora McLennan. J. B. Stevenson
md J. L. Keyser. Tho yawl Frolic was
tailed over from Sausalito by Captain E.
A HIGHBINDER
WAR IMMINENT
IN CHINATOWN
Fresno Fight Trans
ferred to This City.
HATCHET MEN ARRIVE HOURLY
FOUR STRONG TONGS ARE IN
BATTLE ARRAY.
Hie Change of the Squad Is Regarded
as Favorable and the High
binders Are All Out for
Blood Money.
Bullets are likely to be again flying In
Chinatown at any minute and the pop of
the highbinder's gun is momentarily ex
pected. There are several old scores re
maining to be settled and the Chinese
who are Interested say that money will
avail nothing they must be wiped out in
blood.
The fight at Fresno a few days ago
really belonged to this city. Owing to
certain conditions the highbinders did not
care to have it out here, so they went to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCREAMED
WITH ECZEMA
Baby's Skin Red and Raw. Doc-
tor's Medicine was Painful and
Useless. A Stranger Advised
CUTICURA. Cured in a Month,
with Skin Smooth and Fair.
My little daughter, when six months old,
broil© out with Eczema. I took her to a doctor
and he pronounced ii "Moist Eczema," and
prescribed for her. She screamed -when I put
the medicine on her, and I stopped using it.
It was indeed very painful. Her skin was all
red and raw, and moisture coming from it all
the time. A perfect stranger to me advised
me' to DM Cuticura remedies. I got Cuti-
cura Soap and Cuticura (ointment), and
they entirely cured her vithin a month. She
ls twenty-three months old to-day, and her
•kin is like a piece of silk, and fair as a lily.
Mrs. E. J. KANE, 815 Ohio Aye.,
Oct. 7, 1898. Kansas City, Kan.
PIMPLES °T CUTICURA SOUP
1 commenced to get j%mplcs and black-
heads when I was fifteen years old. My face
was covered. I spent about ten dollars for
soaps, medicine, etc., but they never did me
any good. I used Cuticura Soap for two
weeks, the pimples and blackheads began to
disappear, and it only took three cakes of Cv-
CTODRA Soap to cure my face of those homely
pimples. JOSEPH li. CLAMER,
Sept. 21, '98. 327 Court St., Elizabeth, N.J.
My face was covered with a pimply, rap-
tured, and itching skin. After using Ccti-
cura Soap for six weeks, all the pimples went
away, my skin getting as soft as velvet.
"if. CUOME, 223 Melrose St., Chicago, HI.
Eept. 21,1808.
Itching hnmnri, urine, disfiguring eezemu, end
•very specie* of itching, burning, scaly, cruited, and
pimply skin and scalp diseases, with dry, thin, and fall- .
ing hair, instantly relieved by warm baths with Cuts-
cura Soap, gentle anointings with Cuticura, purest of
<mo.li<-nt skin cures, and mild doses of Cuticura Re-
aoi »_vr, greatest ol blood purifiers and humor cures,
when all else falls.
Hold throughout the world. Potter Druo awd Cam.
Coir., **.»]« Prop*- Boston. "All About toe akin," free.
> Corinthian Yacht Club Anchorage at Tiburon.
C. Bartlett. and the schooner Ramona
was or.-d iii the cove. From the Oak
land Canoe Club came R. Chapman's
sloop Flash and Charles Stewart's sloop
Beatrice.
The ladies left Tiburon by the 5:35 p. m.
boat for San Francisco, and the yachts
men, who arrived at Tiburon shortly after
7 o'clock, found a Corinthian feast await
ing them. After freshing the inner man
the members, most of whom had doffed
the clean and tasteful raiment they had
worn during the afternoon for holier gar
ments, stained with paint and varnish,
witnessed the grand scenic production,
with appropriate faces and music, of
"Clancy's Hotel," said to be a translation
from the German, the cast of characters
being as follows; Olof Sorenson, clerk.
Frank Thompson: Fat Bun, Chinese cook,
Bob Mitchell; Johanna O'Fagan. cham
bermaid. Jack Cathcart; Phat Buoy, bell
hoy. Eddie Angelo; Baltimore Skinner,
porter. Dave Finnic; Pincuß Oppenheimer,
waiter, Dave McLaughlin; Seneca Potts,
a mixer, Ben Tarbox; Me An McLaren,
tourist, Billie Finnic; Sockless Foot,
tramp. Walter Crowell: Mollie Swift,
nurse, Ossle Franks; A. P. Warner, guest,
Fresno. Two men on each side were shot, '
and as each side wishes to ho ahead of
the other the battle is not considered done
with by long odds. Chinese who know
the situation thoroughly say that there
will be no more fighting in Fresno, but
that tin battle will be finished in this i
city, and the local police are accordingly
keeping a sharp lookout. There are four
tongs interested In the present difficulty,
and the numbers are about equal. On the
one side Is the Hop Sing tone, with WO
men. and the Bing Songs, with 1600. On
the other the Suey Dins number 1500 and
the Hip Sins are 400 strong.
A number of highbinders arrived in this
city yesterday afternoon; in fact almost I
every train brought in a bunch of them.
The respectable merchants are preparing
for a highbinder war. They seldom go
out into the streets, and never unless
attended by a strong bodyguard. The
fact that the old Chinatown squad has
been moved and men who are practical
ly strangers to Chinatown substituted
tends strongly to embolden the bad ele
ment, and if the warring tongs can raise
sufficient money the fight will be in full
swing within the next forty-eight hours.
WILL GIVE A GRAND BALL.
Native Sons and Daughters to Raise
Money for Volunteers' Medals.
The joint committee of the Native Sons
and Native Daughters has decided to give
a grand entertainment and ball in Me
chanics' Pavilion on May 10 for the pur
pose of raising funds with which to pur
chase medals for the returning volun
teers. It is the intention to secure a de
tachment of the colored troops and the
colored band at the Presidio as the feat
ure of the entertainment. Tickets may
be procured from members of the com
mittee and from Grand Secretary Lun- 1
stedt.
. The officers of the committee are: Presi
dent, Frank H. Mills; seretary, F. T.
Finch; treasurer. R. F. Doolan, and the
executive committee consists of 1.. F.
Byington, chairman; J. W. Lewis, J. M.
Carrol. L. B. Mayer, W. .P. Humphreys,
H. L. Ulkendy, L. C. Pistolesl, Mrs. Mary
Tillman, Mrs. M. Kapp, Miss Freda yon
Staden, Mrs. C. A. Boldeman and Mrs. li.
Roos. President Mills has appointed M.
Class. F. H. Dam. Mrs. Val R. Btirry and
Miss Laura Goetze a committee to se
cure designs and bids for the medal which I
Is to be manufactured from some historic !
bell or cannon.
The "Olympla" Music Box. with its fine
metallic tune sheets, is the best of all the
American made music boxes, and there
fore the "best in the world." The Zeno
Mauvals Music Co., 769 Market st., are
the Pacific Coast agents for these goods,
and have just received a full line of all
styles. Catalogues sent to any address, *
IN MEMORY OF DEAD VETERANS
George H. Thomas Post, G. A. R., to
Hold Services Tuesday Night.
George H. Thomas Post, Q. A. R.,.wi1l
hold its annual memorial services, com
memorative of deceased comrades who
have been mustered out in the past year,
on Tuesday evening in Assembly Hall,
Red Men's building. The list this year in
cludes ten veterans of the War of the Re
bellion, as follows: Frank E. Eaton, J.
J. Shephard, B. H. Upham, Albert <'res
sy, William A. Byrnes, Charles 1 1. Ham
lin," Samuel Flint, John O'Connell, F. J.
Fletter and Edward Smith. An appropri
ate programme will be rendered and com
rades are requested to bring their families
and friends. The committee of arrange
ments consists of A. J. Vining, chairman,
Bart Burke and Charles Jansen.
Concert in the Park.
The programme for to-day's concert in
Golden Gate Park Is as follows: '
Overture, "Zampa" Herold
Maxourka, "La Czarlne" '.Ganne
"Burlesque Fantasia" Kappey
intermezzo from •'Pagliacci" Leoncavallo
Grand fantasia from "Aida" Verdi
Mosaic . from the "Huguenots" Meyerbeer
Cornet eolo, "Kentucky Home," with varia
tions
Performed by William Fomer.
Rhapsodic No. 2 Liszt
Moreeau. "Danse Annamite" Moquet
March. "The Return of the Troops". .E. Cruells
Dr. Sarsfield's rheumatic remedy never
fails to cure the worst cases of inflamma
tory rheumatism, and can be used with
entire safety. All druggists. »
Fraternity Banquet.
The twenty-eighth annual banquet of
the /.eta Psi Fraternity of Stanford and
California universities was held at the
California Hotel last night. Forty guests
sat down at table and discussed an elab- i
orate menu. The gathering- was presided
over by Charles Rix, who as toastmaster
called upon the members for short
speeches. Among those who responded
were Frank Powers, Fred Duhring and
A. Shepherd. The singing of college
songs formed no small part of the en
joyment, and the affair was a success in
every detail. ;;.-. ..'-._-
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Billy Hints: Chaunce Depew, drummer,
Millie O'Brien; l. McCorker, bus man,
Walter Howe; O'Malley Lynch, stevedore,
(*;. H. Ryan; Cyrus Stump, hayseed, Tom
Kavanaugh; R. [J. Gay, drummer, Eddie
Sager, and Will I. Ooughup, Jack Short.
The representation met with the unquali
ed approval of the audience, by whom
their old favorites were applauded to the
echo. The dramatic part of the entertain
ment was followed by the Greenbrae
Troubadours, the Brownie banjo trio, the
Red Rock quartet and the Corinthian
quartet. After the performance Professor
Herman Denhard and Port Captain John
( .'1.. . fe were presented to the audience as
notable exponents of the policy of expan
sion.
The programme was of the regular Cor
inthian type, full of fun and replete with
jests upon the foibles and characteristics
of well known members, all of which were
productive of a vast amount of amuse
ment. A special boat about midnight
brought many of the guests back- to the
city, but most slept upon the yachts, so as
to he ready in good time for this morn
ing's opening cruise.
"Colors" will be made at 8 o'clock this
COMMERCE AND
RAILROAD MEET
AT THE BOARD
Southern Pacific Offi
cials Banqueted.
FIFTY-ONE GUESTS PRESENT
D. 0. MILLS ENTERTAINS C. P.
HUNTINGTON.
A Swell Function at the Pacific-
Union Club to Which Only
the Elect Are
Invited.
The financial and political backbone of
San Francisco bent itself last night over
a sumptuous banquet spread at the Pa
cific-Union Club in honor of C. P. Hunt
ington. The banquet was tendered the
railroad magnate by D. O. Mills, who
makes his annual visits to this coast oc
casions for much in the way of hospitable
entertainment.
Covers were laid for fifty-one in the
handsomely decorated dining hall of the
club, but Prince Poniatowski and Judge
John Garber wore prevented from partici
pating. Nearly all of the prominent offi
cials of the Southern and Central -Pacific
systems were there to meet with the
brightest and foremost legal and business
lights of the community and it proved
quite the swellest function the club has
seen for many a day.
C. P. Huntington occupied the place of
honor at the right of Mr. Mills and Gen
eral Hubbard sat next him. At Mr. Mills'
left Senator George C. Perkins and li. E.
Huntington were placed and Southern Pa
cilic officials alternated with prominent
citizens the rest of the way around the
board. Those who participated were:
William Alvord, William Babcock,
Charles R. Bishop, Antoine Borel. Thomas
Brown, George Crocker, William H.
Crocker, Joseph B. Crockett, Horace Da
vis, P. W. Dohrmann, Arthur W. Fos
ter, Edwin Goodall, Adam Grant, Joseph
.D. Grant, A. S. Hallldie, I. W. Hellman*
.W. F. Herrin, Edward W. Hopkins.
Charles Webb Howard, General Thomas
li. Hubbard. C. P. Huntington, 11. K.
Huntington. Juliius -Kruttschnitt, J. .C.
Kirkpatrick, John W. Mackay, Darius O.
Mills, William H. Mills, W. W. Montague,
Robert I*'. Morrow, W. Mayo- Newhall,
Albert H. Payson, Senator George C.
Perkins, Horace G. Piatt, Isaac l. Requa,
Henry T. Scott, Irving M. Scott, Claus
Spreckels, [gnat- Steinnart, J. C. Stubbs,
Robert J. Tobin, John J. Valentine, Rob
ert Watt, Frederick W. Zeile.Hon. White
law Redd, Frank Miller, H. H. Taylor, H.
R. Bishop, S. P. Smith, R. P. Schwerln,
Charles K. Green. ..,-;.:.
Sbarboro & Co.. Grocers, formerly of 531
Washington Ft., have remoVed to 621 Montgom
ery, near Washington.
Newsboys Adopt By-Laws.
The newsboys' held a meeting in the old
Y. M. C. A. Hall on Sutter street last
evening and a set of by-laws was adopted.
In future it will be. unlawful for any
member of the organization to handle any
other than a five-cent paper. A commit
tee was appointed to select a proper badge
to be worn by the members. and will re
port the result of its labors at the next
meeting. Financial Secretary O. J. Day
reported a steadily increasing member
ship roll. After voting that thanks be ex
tended to Goldberg. Bowen & Co. for the
use of the hall, 'the organization adjourned
to meet again on Thursday evening next.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, rooms 6-7.
Jules C. Gamage Acquitted.
The case of Jules C. damage, charged
with manslaughter for causing the death
of the old man, Jones, the lottery ticket
peddler, was dismissed by Judge Graham
yesterday. The Judge said there was no
evidence to show criminal negligence on
the part of the defendant, and that the
morning, and at 10 owners will report on
board the flagship Aeolus. At 11 the fleet
will cruise in squadron to Sausalito,
thence toward the Heads, and near Pre
sidio shoal buoy will meet the California
fleet, under command of Commodore Al
len M. ('lay, who will turn it over by sig
nal to Commodore Carl Westerfeld. After
sailing in company for some time the fleet
will disband by signal. As the combined
fleets will number from thirty to forty
yachts, they will present as they sail
along the water front under a brisk west
erly breeze a very lively and inspiriting
sight.
CALIFORNIA CLUB MEN
> ENTERTAIN LAVISHLY
The boats of the California Yacht Club
were pay with flags yesterday and en
livened the appearance- of Oakland es
tuary, upon which the clubhouse Is sit
uated. The fleet presented a splendid ap
pearance, the highly polished brasswork
old man was at fault for not stepping
back onto the sidewalk when warned.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
W. J. Shattuck of Hanford is at the
Lick. @$_*H
J. C. Ericksen, a large cattle raiser of j
Humboldt County, is at the Russ.
United States Circuit Judge W. B. Gil
bert of Portland, Or., is staying at the Oc- j
cidental.
Judge S. L. Hogue of Fresno and Dr. D.
W. Edelman of Los Angeles are guests at
the Grand.
H. R. Derlng. assistant general passen- .
ger agent of the Pennsylvania lines, left
for Chicago last evening.
H. . F. Sehoenburn of the revenue cutter
service, cam.- down from Mare Island yes
terday and engaged apartments at the
California.
Rudolph Quittner of "Vienna and Ralph
W. Webster of London, England, two for
eign tourists, are among the arrivals at
the Palace.
Joseph Murphy, the well-known imper
sonator of Irish characters, is here on a
pleasure trip with his wife and registered
. at the Occidental.
Rev. D. C. Garrett, a prominent Epis
copal divine of Portland, Or., who recent
ly refused the offer of St. Luke's parson
age, is a guest at the Occidental.
W. C. Elsemore and J. E. Jensen of Eu
reka, J. B. Filley of Areata and F. C.
Houck of Alton came down to attend the
Grand Parlor of Native Sons at Salinas
and registered at th.- Grand.
Ex-Senator Frank McGowan, who has
been on a professional trip in Northwest
ern California, was among the arrivals on
the steamer Pomona from Eureka yester
day. He reports a general revival of busi
ness among the redwood manufacturers
and the outlOOK for farmers as excellent.
Brouce Brizard, who has been associated
with former State Senator Frank Mc-
Gowan in the practice of law, will resign
from the firm on the Ist of May. Mr.
Brizard will take up his residence in Ar
eata. Humboldt County, to assume charge
of his brother's extensive mercantile busi
ness, which extends through three coun
ties and numbers a dozen stores.
Walter W. Price, formerly a journalist
in this city, bul now connected with a
prominent financial house in New York, is
a guest at the Palace. In the late war
Mr. Price was a volunteer in one of the
New York regiments, from which he re
signed to become a "rough rider," and
j served with distinction In the Cuban cam
paign. He Is being extensively entertained
by the many friends whom he made while
located In this city. 77.7 - 'y-'y. '.y
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. April 22.— A. C. Free
man of San Francisco is at the Normandle
Hotel; Louis Needham of Oakland is at
Willard's Hotel: F. W. Devon ,of San
Francisco is at the Wellington.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
. NEW YORK, April 22. -J. Wells of San
Francisco is .it the Stuart; Calegarls of
San Francisco is at the Martin; Henry
W. Pratt of San Francisco is at the Hol
land; T. M. Ferguson and wife of San
Francisco are at the Imperial.
"Pegamoid" gold, latest, best, perfect paint;
sample bottle 2. .c. Pegamoid, 63 Chronicle bldg.*
Planets and Comets.
Professor Armin O. Leuschner, Ph.D.,
director of the students' observatory,'
University of California, delivered an In
teresting lecture last evening in the
Mechanics' Institute. His subject was
"Planets and Comets." He told of their
distance from the earth - and from each
other, besides their motion In space. By
means* of drawings on a blackboard he
demonstrated their relative positions and
the influence exerted upon one another.
The circumstances of the discovery of
comets also engaged his attention. A
large audience was present to listen to
the learned speaker.
On the Face of the Earth
There is not a finer cigar than the Flor de
Heyneman, 'made of pure Havana leaf,
the best obtainable. Try a Flor de Heyne
man cigar, 25 cent size or two for a quar
ter. All first-class stores sell them. If
your dealer does not carry them send us
three dollars for a box of twenty-five
Flor 'de Heyneman Deliciosas. "State
whether mild, medium or strong. If you
do not like them will refund your money.
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street •
Will Cruise With
the Californias
To-Day.
reflecting the rays of the sun, while all
the boats had undergone painting and
other preparation before being placed in
commission.
The formal opening of the season will
take place to-day, the exercises yesterday
being of a social order. The only excep
tion to this was the "dressing" of the
trim-looking yachts. The flags remained
• up until sunset, when all was made snug
aboard the boats, ready for the opening
cruise this morning. The entertainment
was in the form of a high jinks and was
in charge of the following committee: E.
N. Walter, J. J. Hanlfln Jr., J. W. Hom
er, George Miller. 'Stage director, G. L.
Wakeman; accompanist, S. Maurice Si
mon.
The entertainment was held in the
music room of the clubhouse. A stage was
built along one side of the room and was
provided with electric footlights. The
upper portion of the house was trans
formed into a banquet hall. A substan
tial repast was served during the evening.
The programme follows:
Song. "The Bell Buoy," Thomas C. Warren;
trio, mandolins and guitar, Dr. Charles Morey.
H. B. Whldden, Arthur O'Brien; bass solo,
"Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep," George
H. Carleton; coon song, Frank Barton; humor
ous specialties, Messrs. Harris and Bridges;
banjo solo, W. E. Custer; musical selections,
Messrs. Durant and Johnson; selections, Elks'
Quartet; eccentric specialties, Ed Carter; song
selected, Clifford Ireland; solo, "The Mighty
Deep, ' Elmer Reed; song, with buck and wing
dancing, Frank Barton; selections, Elks' Quar
tet, bass solo. ' carbine Song" from "The Sere
nade," Walter Scott; whistling solo, Chester
Irwin: song, comic, William Durant; Irish
comedy, Ed Carter; solo, Frank Fowden
At half-past 10 o'clock this morning the
boats of the club will tow out to the
waters of the bay. They will then stand
over to the city front and Fort Point,
where they will meet Commodore Carl
"Westerfeld t and the fleet of the Corinth
ian Club. They will join forces and cruise
in squadron for some hours.
The officers of the California Yacht Club
are:
Commodore, Allen M. Clay (Sloop Pactolus);
vice commodore, A. ' '. Lee (Sloop Surprise);
port captain, C. E. Clark (Yawl Gypsie); sec
retary, R. 1.. Fames .SI lOp Surf); treasurer.
K. N: Walter (Sloop Embla); measurer, John
Sherry' (Yawl c.ypsie).
The club fleet is composed of the fol
lowing boats.**
Sloops— Pactolus, Commodore A. M. Clay;
Surprise. Vice Commodore A. C, Lee; Embla,
Walter and Laughland; Surf, Secretary R. L.
Fames; Gypsie, Port Captain Clark; Secret, E.
C. Gale; Occident. George Miller and brother;
Royal, L. S. Sherman; -Reglna. George turn
Suden; I" and I. George E. Gal ther; Edna. Ed
ward Sagar: Thelma, Stevenson and Edgar.
Yawls— ldler. J. K. Burnham; Hope. H. F.
Brydges; Pilgrim, A. R. Wilson; Vega. C. A.
Torn berg
Launches— Augusta, J. F. Moffitt; El Caza
dor. J. .1. Hanlfin Jr.; Aloha. De la Montana
and Newell; Homer, C. J. Lancaster.
OFFICER SCHAEFER DEAD.
Expired in a Hack While Being Taken
Home From the German Hospital.
Charles P. Schaefer, formerly a member
of the mounted police doing patrol duty
In the Richmond District, died suddenly
in a hack yesterday forenoon while being
conveyed from the German Hospital to
his residence, 323 Eleventh avenue. He
went to the hospital on April 6 to be
treated for cancer of the liver and stom
ach, but the case was found to be hope
less and no surgical operation was at
tempted. When his family learned that
his life could not be saved they asked
that be be sent home.
The hospital physicians advised the
sick man's friends of the danger attend
ing his removal, but Mr. Schaefer himself
insisted on going home.
The deceased policeman left a large
Bathing Suits
Our large assortment for this season is now
ready for your purchasing.
They are all well made and of good qualities.
We know this as we make them in our own
factory.
The 'prices are right they are consistent
with good material and good workmanship.
Ladies' duck bathing [suits Boys' cotton knitted bath-
sl.7s and $2.15 each " ing suits
Ladies' flannel bathing suits 75 c and £1 each
£2.75 $3 up to $3.75 each Boys' woolen knitted bath-
Ladies' Alpaca bathing suits in g suits
$2.7553.25upt059'.50each $1125 1.50 up to 2.50 each
Men's cotton knitted bath- Misses' duck bathing suits
ing suits $1-75 each
$1 and $1.50 each Misses' flannel bathing suits
Men's woolen knitted batlv $1.45 2.25 up to $3.85 each
ing suits Misses' Alpaca bathing suits
$2.25 $2,75 up to $5 each $2.75 £3 up $3.50 each
Bathing Caps
Special. attention is called to our seamless
water tight rubber bathing caps at
$1 each
A complete assortment of rubber bathing caps from
15c to 85c each
Bathing Shoes
All styles in good qualities from
35c to 85c a pair
Goods now on display in our windows-
&— ■>^_ 7 — —^
•**_ *^lIWiM_IT I ft___y
125 to 131 Kearny St.
Painless Dentistry,
(_______________
m>\ll(Avi**s\ SEE OUR NEW
jmf Flesh "Colored
W% Piates *
Hji S__B Cannot be detected from
■B.m __f the natural teeth and gum.
U « W ■ thin and stronger than
- rubber.
Crowns, **"3.80. Plates, SB. Filling. BOc.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth at., Cor. Stevenson.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ♦ _ ..--.--.
-■-*'•.' ' -v. ■'■■'■■
WASH FABRICS.
Our importations of above goods are
now complete.
Printed French Organdies,
121 c, 15c, 25c and 35c yard
Woven Egyptian Tissues, new
fabric,
25c, 31c, 40c and 50c yard
Printed Scotch and Irish Dimi-
ties,
121 and 25c yard
English and French Printed
Piques,
15c, 20c, 3Jc and 40c yard
Scotch Woven Cheviots,
2ac and 35c yard
Linen Dress Crashes, plain
and fancy,
121 c, 20c and 25c yard
An elegant assortment of
Printed Percales, dark, me-
dium and light grounds,
121 c yard
French and English White
Corded Piques,
20c, 25c 30c 40c, 50c,
60c and 75c per yard
100 pieces French Printed Flannels, latest
colorings, in assorted dots and stripes.
SAMPLES SENT FREE TO ANY ADDRESS.
(Stinnett
V^* Af rf/?
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
family and many friends. He was known
in* almost every man, woman and child
in the Richmond District, and univer
sal regret was expressed at his untimely
taking off.
■ ♦ ■
Ida F. Nolan Held.
Ida F. Nolan, who tired two shots at her
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
Inventions or Ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for Investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco, CaL
Scotch Printed Madras,
15c and 20c yard
Novelty White Goods,
121 c, 15c, 20c and 25c yard
Plain Colored Organdie Linings,
40 inches wide, all shades,
121 c yard
Cotton Covert Suitings, a iull
assortment of shades,
121 c yard
Fine Scotch Ginghams, in
checks, plaids and stripes,
20c and 25c yard
Toile dv Nord Zephyrs, in
large variety,
10c yard
tr
Scotch Tennis Flannels, an im-
mense variety of new
styles,
30c and 50c yard
Plain White French Organ-
die,
40c, 50c, 60c, 75c,
$1.00 and $1.25 yard
brother-in-law. Alfred Rosenthal, was
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Graham on the
charge of assault to murder. Her bonds
were fixed in 11000.
FOUR-LEAF CLOVER.
Another fraternal beneficiary order of
San Francisco origin has been brought to
the notice of the public. It is called the
Sentinels of the Universe, and has for its
supremo trustees Marlon Biggs Jr., James
; H. Borland. J. H. uurst. Fred T. Phelps
' and Herbert B. Maggs. The supreme offi
cers are: Henry C. Gesford, past supreme
sentinel; John L. Geary jr., supreme sen
tinel; G. W. Austin, supreme vice senti
nel and auditor; W. W. Brackett. supreme
secretary; Fred J. Clausen, supreme treas
urer; Charles E. Parent, M.D., supreme
medical director; Frank T. Bowers, su
preme conductor; Howard J. Hill, su
preme guard, and Albert J. Weinert, su
preme sentry. Its objects are to furnish
its members, who at the time of joining
must be above is and unuer 50 years of
age. assistance in case of sickness or ac
cident, provide funeral expenses and
monthly benefits to beneficiaries or de
ceased members, and a competency at old
«tge. !
The first council. Washington, was or
ganized a few months since and that was
shortly thereaner followed by the organ
ization of three more councils. The fourth,
Webster, was instituted in this city a few
evenings since, with B. F. Alden as chief
sentinel and D. R. Halle as secretary. The
supreme secretary. .W. W*. Bracken, will
shortly absent himself for several months
to establish councils in the East and in
the Northwest.
On the night of the bith of May Wash
ington and Jefferson councils will give an
invitation party in Union-square Hall, as
social functions are to be a feature of the
organization.
The emblem of the order is a four-leaf
clover.
Services at St. Ignatius.
At St. Ignatius Church this morning
the Feast of the Patronage of St. Joseph
will be observed. A sermon on the saint
will be preached at the solemn high mass
at 10 o'clock. In the evening the usual
monthly exercises preparatory to the
consecration of the twentieth century
will be held. The sermon will be deliv
ered by the Rev. Henry K. Woods, S. J.
In the morning the following musical
programme will be rendered: Battista's
"Mass in G" will be sung. Offertory
piece, "Te Joseph Celebrent." At vespers
(Gregorian) Klein's "lste Confessor" and
"Willard's "Magnificat" will be rendered,
and at the solemn benediction Melvii's
"Reglna Coeli " and "Taut Ergo." by
Mercadante. Organ selections from Gull
mont. Salome, Dubois, Capoccl and Fu
migalli.
fK*|A_X/'^i^AA«Wv£^A__^'^v v \i .
1 prolWi I
pi* iON M1550N ST-A&OYE .'- Jr.
X , CA-H-of\-LITaEAT-A*T!riE. ,t &
ct\ rD (*} (^ n d(^ p)(5) nTHE Sunday Edition CALL.
■ ■■>■
SHE blustering breezes that for the past few days have swept our
sand-strewn peninsula, filling our eyes and ears with time-worn par
ticles of granite and choking our air passages v.ith the mixture of
dust and garbage which serves us as an atmosphere during the sum
mer—these whistling winds are fraught with good omen to many of
our fellow citizens. For the next lx month., on Sundays and holi
days, the war- of the bay will be dotted with white-winged craft, bearing
hither anil thither a freight of happy, healthy, sun-tanned and wind-burned
mariners. The yachting season -is at hand, and rarely have the prospects
for a pleasant one been brighter than in this penultimate year of the nine
___.._ ■,•■-. ■■- ■->;
teenth century.
In consequence of the practical. If not legal, extinction of the Pacific
Yacht Club, the Inter-Club Yacht Association will consist of five instead of
six clubs this year. But th enthusiasm of the yachtsmen has shown no
abatement.
The Oakland Navy, in charge of a committee consisting of H. G. Hinck
ley (vice commodore of the Oakland Canoe Club), Jules Hartman, Charles
Stewart, P. W. Hurndall and C. L. Taylor Jr., with R. R. L'Hommedleu as
referee, after a year or two of hibernation, has shown signs of renewed
life, and has already hold three races, the first on January 29, the second
on February 26 and the third on. March 12.
Tlie Oakland Canoe Club has prepared an extensive programme, in which
are included six races (or the Mayrisch badge, handicap races for sloops,
mixed races for sloops and canoes, ruises to Tiburon and to the Encinal
Yacht Club house, receptions to visiting yachtsmen and other events.
The San Francisco Yacht Club, the oldest on the Pacific Coast, com
prises In its fleet all the large schooner yachts, such as J. D. Spreckels'
Lurline, E. A. Wiltsee's Aggie. Isador Gutte's Chispa, W. S. Goodfellow's
I.a Paloma tho Kamona, White Wings and Virginia.
The new clubhouse is spacious and convenient: its interior is rapidly
being made comfortable and attractive, the billiard-room having recently
been partitioned off, lined and decorated. —
The San Franciscos have departed from the traditions of the local yacht
clubs by electing a lady— Mrs. J. W. Sperry— to full membership, and an ap
plication from a second lady has been received. inasmuch, however, as
the wives; sisters and friends of members have always been freely admitted
a* 1 guests to tho clubhouse, their election as members can make very little
difference. ; — *.-■
The board nf directors for 1839 comprises Dr. T. L. Hill, commodore;
Dr. V. P.' Buckley, vice commodore; James Kitterman, port captain; E.
<*. Bartlett, corresponding secretary; w. G. Morrow, financial secretary;
Robert P. Hoguei treasurer, and J. M. Punnett, measurer. R. B. Hogue
left the city a few days ago on the steamship Mariposa, on his way to
Australia, where he will remain for several months; the club will thus lose
the services of a most efficient and energetic treasurer for this season. Sec
retary E. C. Bartlett. whose yawl Frolic has been chartered for several
seasons, has made up a crew and will sail his own boat. A. J. Young and
T. W. Ransom* largo sloop; Clara, his been chartered by Mr. Lowell and
will fly the burgee of the San Francisco Yacht Club, as also will J. M.
Patrick's sloop Thetis, which has b jeh chartered by Bridgeman.
The. ranks of the "ehoo-ohoo" men have received a pew recruit in Louis
Q. Haven, who recently exeha iged his yacht Sappho for Dr. A. W. McKen
zie's launch Alberta; while Or. V. P. Buckley and Arthur Kanzee of the
launch Satellite a few days ago launched a large schooner named Outing
from Menotti's yard. Outing is ;>4 feet over all. has a beam of 15 feet and
a draught, of >» feci: she is to be fitted with an auxiliary engine, which
will make her independent of wind or tide,
The San Franciscos will keep open house next Saturday (April 23) at*
Sausalito: at about 6 o'clock p. m. chowder will be served to the members
and visitors, and in the evening there will be a dance. The whole upper
floor of the clubhouse being devoted to a dance hall, anteroom and piazza
the facilities for dancing surpass those afforded by any, other of the yacht
clubs.
The Corinthian Yacht Club is flourishing like a green ba^- tree; lta list
HOIST JIB
AND AWAY
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Of members having swollen to such proportions that a proposal to limit Its
numbers has been seriously entertained. Notwithstanding its increasing
size the club Is as free from strife and dissension as it has always been.
Having a regular and ample income it is able to indulge in a larger ex
penditure than any of the clubs on the bay, and its entertainments are al
ways marked by an abundance of good cheer and a spirit of frank cama
raderie.
The officers for 1599 are Carl "Westerfeld, commodore; W. H. Toepke.
vice commodore; T. L. Miller, secretary; C. L. Barrett, treasurer, and J.
H. Keefe, port captain by election of his fellow members and commissary
general by universal acclamation.
The Corinthian fleet will shortly receive a notable addition— a yacht, 65
feet over all, which is being built by Frank Stone for H. Simpklns, owner
of the Mistral. The new boat will be the largest yawl-rigged yacht on the
bay and will be luxuriously equipped.
The California Yacht Club, under the command of Commodore Allen
M. Clay, is showing great activity, having doubled its number of active
members since New Year's day. Commodore Clay has bven thoroughly
overhauling his newly acquired sloop, which he has christened Pactolus,
and has fitted her up quite handsomely. The members bad an entertain
ment last night at their clubhouse on Oakland Creek and this morning will
join the Corinthians In the opening cruise of the season. The united fleets
will piesent a pretty sight as they sail along the water front in squadron,
under signal' from the sloop Aeolus, flagship of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
The officers of the California Yacht Club for 1899 are: Allen M. Clay,
commodore; A. C. Lee, vice commodore; E. N. Walter, treasurer; R. L.
Eames, secretary; C.-E. Clark, port captain, and .1. J. Sherry, measurer.
The Encinal Yacht Club has rebuilt the annex which was destroyed by
fire on the morning of January 2, but is not yet quite ready to name an
opening day. Its officers are: P. S. Teller, president; Henry M. Lands
berger, vice president; W. O. Henn. secretary and treasurer; J. L. Hanley,
commodore; John F. Ward, vice commodore; Dr. C. L. Tisdale, port captain,
and F. C. Youngberg, measurer.
The South Bay Yacht Club has the following officers: Dr. H. A. Spen
cer of the schooner Muriel, commodore; Alfred C. Eaton, vice commodore;
F. L. Machefort, secretary; J. W. Macaulay, treasurer; W. Ortley, port cap
tain, and Oliver Ortley, measurer. The club opens the season to-day, and
its programme includes cruises to Belmont Slough, San Francisco, Red
wood City and Napa. The fleet in commission numbers "two schooners, six
sloops, two catboats and three launches.
The programme of the San Francisco Yacht Club includes half a dozen
hops at the clubhouse, an open regatta, cruises to Pi taluma drawbridge.
Paradise Cove, McNears Landing, Marin Islands, Yali» jo, Napa and up the
Sacramento River,
The Corinjthian programme embraces cruises, to all the above-named
places and also to Suisun; a chowder cruise and a clambake or two; a
small yacht regatta, races for rowboats, and the usual games at Corinthian
Cove. Once -in the season— on Atigust 5 and G — the San Franciscos and
Corinthians will venture into' the unfamiliar waters of the lower bay, cruis
ing to Belmont Slough to meet their brethren of the South Bay Yacht
Club.
The opening jinks were given yesterday by the Californias at their club
house on Oakland Creek and by the Corinthians at Tiburon. At the lat
ter place Port Captain J. H. Keefe s arrangements for mitigating the pangs
j of hunger and assuaging the horrors of thirst were, as thorough as usual.
The entertainment succeeding the dinner was funny enough to provoke the
laughter of a Trojan horse and warm enough to melt the heart of an Ice
berg. ARTHUR INKERSLEY.18
WOMANS COURAGE IN TIME
OF
WAR
80000 0 000000 0 00 0000000000000 00 000 00 000000 00 000 00000 00000
0 0
~* jS it braver to stay at home while your loved ones are away fighting for their country, or **
0 . 1 to go out with them and share the danger, so as to be on hand with comfort and care if a
« needed? * &
0 ... . . .0
0 That is the vital question numbers of women married to soldiers and seamen are asking or 0
0> * ■- - '■■'
0 have asked themselves. Certainly the women married to the brave men in the army and navy
0 should be most able to judge what constitutes feminine heroism in this regard. Here are the 0
0 answers to the question by several well-known representative women. **
_- n
4RS. AD^UR^u K/\UTZ, Wife of the Admiral cf the Philadelphia
Is it the bravest thing to run away
with our husbands to the field of bat
tle or does it require more courage to
remain at home?
That is a difficult question.
I know a woman, a young mother,
whose sense of duty augmented the
force of her generous heart— and if
ever a woman deserved a medal for
courage it is she.
The first transport was leaving for
Manila. This wife had listened to the
last call to arms with heroic calmness,
while her heart beat time to the noisy
drum. It was her duty to comfort the
old mother with "O, he'll come home
all covered with laurels, and we shall
be bo proud of him, and baby will be
old enough to say papa then."
The soldier-husband stood at the
gate; the mother lifted baby up high
for the last kiss, and her brave voice
did not falter when she said "God bless
you, dear. Come back to us."
Her smile was the last that greeted
him; her hand was the last to wave
good-by, and the first to strengthen
the feeble old mother.
But that night when the others had
gone to rest I heard her rocking her
baby; the little lullaby was broken by
the "mother's sobs, and the wondering
•
]V!J?S. LIEUJ. J-ULLEft Wife of the Flag Lieutenant of the Philadelphia.
Heroism in woman is a thing that
cannot be measured, therefore it can
not be compared. It comes up like a
prayer, under the most discouraging
difficulties, and her greatness lies in
her ability to be cheerful when gov
erned by the same circumstances be
fore which a man would quail. The
bravest woman In- times of war— ls she
th.* one who goes to the fight or the
one who stays at home? I shall always
feel that it requires more fortitude to
stay at home until I have tried it In
the field. I believe every woman's de
sire to be near scenes of conflict springs
baby face was washed by the moth
er's tears, for she was saying: "He
will never come . back, baby, never,
never again."
When I saw the Philadelphia leave
Coronado, without the full complement
of crew, nurses, physicians and engi
neers, it was indeed hard to appear
courageous, but when I learned that
she did not carry enough coal — that
even to-day she could not make the
trip to Auckland for the lack of it —
then I knew the wisdom in destroy
ing the small boats, and that the
Philadelphia feared a boat attack. Oh.
this is the prof of courage to see dan
ger and to refrain from sharing it with
one you love, because his reason and
obligations demand that you must not
add to his anxiety. That and that
alone prevents many a woman from
following her husband to war. and Is
a crucial test of an unselfish heart.
Admiral Kautz sailed under sealed or
ders from California, but from Hono
lulu he wrote me: "Whatever I do
and wherever I go I want you to un
derstand that I am obeying my orders,
and that no matter what life holds for
me while serving my country — even if
I do what I know to be wrong l want
you to feel that I am doing my duty."
from the wish to give relief to the fall
en, and no woman ever yet let her hus
band go Into danger without feeling
that he would be sacrificed, just be
cause she feels him to be the bravest
of all brave men and knows that he
will court disaster to pluck the green
bow for her. There is a difference in
the heroism of men and women. A
man concentrates his energies and ef
forts for -the supreme attempt, and a
V'oman accomplishes the same ' results
by carefully attending to the details.
After all has been said all heroic ef
fort ends in this— be it man or woman-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM., SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1899.
the keynote is unselfishness. Before
the news of the Samoan action had
reached us Mrs. Kautz had written to
the admiral of some matters that had
given her annoyance, but when the
shocking news came in less than an
hour we were on our way to San Fran
cisco to be near the news center.
Mrs. Kautz did not rest until she had
recovered a letter . from the mail in
which she ha<r written to the admiral
of some personal losses, for she * said
"Admiral Kautz must not be bothered
by petty affairs at such a time
Doing the little things of life consti
tute life's greatness, and for its battle
field we need not go beyond our door
steps nor the longings of our own
heart. ;-!_"'
--* • •
Nothing in this world bo effectively
raises a man to the highest standard of
which his nature is capable nor brings to
the surface the very best that la in him
______ '•_ •__:_ _ •' *
J-4RS.mjv.cVAY, WidoW of the Late Dr. JvlcVav*, U. S. J\ , Manila..
Just where a woman's place should
be in time of war is difficult, almost
Impossible to answer.
Much depends upon the conditions of
the home, the woman, and most of all
the wish of her husband, who is always
better able to judge in such matters
what is best.
That which is distant can only •be
seen in large outline or felt through the
finer sense that possesses every wife —
the feeling of intuition when danger
menaces her own. -.".
For my own part I simply. cannot say
which is the braver thing to do— to go
where duty ls or where you feel it to
be, or to stay at home In obedience to
reason and advice of friends. Every
woman must decide. that for herself —
and then If she finds herself bereft as
■•-■•■ i
MRS. LIEUT. E. L. BE AG}., Wife of Lieut Beach,. U. S. S Baltimore.
To "live ; in a. hostile city is by no
means the greatest sign "pf female
as the encouragement and stimulus of a
good woman in his home. Behind every
successful man is the influence of some
good woman. We sometimes say that
women know very little of business, and,
judged from the business standards of
men, this is technically true. .
The reason of this is simple enough, in
that the one it* by his very creation fitted
for business and then trained; the other
is not. But the most powerful,, if silent,
factor in the world of. business to-day,
nevertheless, is the influence of woman.
She it is who stands behind the man, In
fusing new hope, new courage, and point
ing the way to a new beginning, and often
by her Instinct succeeding In settling im
portant matters in a single moment where
days of planning along business lines have
brought only failure and deeper gloom.
How often the women of this land have
been the means of averting business dis
asters or the multiplying of failures with
further complications the world will never
know. But there are men who know it.
It may sound smart to some ears to say
that "a woman breaks a man," and, alas!
that it should be true in some cases. But
it Is also true that more often woman
makes a man. We read and hear of the
former, and sometimes, because of certain
conditions of circumstances, we are In
clined to exaggerate their number. But
that Is only because of the noise they
make. Happy marriages are silent, and
far outnumber the unhappy ones.
Whenever we hear of an unhappy mar
riage we should always remember that
there are thousands and thousands of
happy unions of which we never hear.
Where love, is kept alive in a home un
happiness has a hard time getting a foot
hold, and as the good women In the world
far exceed the others, a young man
stands a pretty good chance of getting
one of the right kind— that is, if he can
give so far as any man can glye, a pretty
good equivalent for what he asks.
:. . • * -y-.yy ■..■•-.-:
I have done she will feel the truth of
"Where life is more terrible than death,
it is then the truest valor to dare to
live." All of my married life has been
a military one, and I have spent much
of It on the Mexican frontier with my
husband. Such a life is always at
tended with dangers, but it had no ter
rors for me. I felt that I belonged
there, and so when I was called to Ma
nila I am sure that no thought of fear
beset me, nor deeds •of bravery either;
I only followed the dictates of my own
heart and joined Captain McVay at
Manila. , ■"....
Reviewing the months I spent there,
I do not think I could have lived else
where^ knowing that ' my. husband was
ill wltn fever, and it will ever be my
solace that I was with him to the last.
bravery. Why, if a woman is strong
physically, the excitement ip exhilarat-
ing if not experienced too long. I am
sure that I felt more courageous in
consenting to leave Manila than, I did
ln entering it last year. Then the city
was under military control and per
fectly quiet. There* was quite a little
of social life during the months of No
vember and December, such as din
ners, dances, drives and promenades
on the Lunetta. After the proclamation .
of General Otis, however, and the de
fiant reply of Aguinaldo affairs in the
city assumed a more . serious aspect.
Then came the test for the nervous
women to show their heroism. We were
often startled in the still of night by the
call to arms, but so many false alarms
were given that, on the night of Feb
ruary 4 I obeyed my inclination to
sleep until I felt certain that trouble
was at hand. That night will always
live in my memory. The excitement,
though silent, was Intense, and the
courage that comes up- In every
woman's heart rose to the occasion
then. The sound of the galloping hoofs,
the quiet mustering of the troops, the
commands in the dark, thrilled every
one who saw it with a serious feeling.
We took up our residence in the base
ment for safety, because the bullets
were beginning to whizz pretty lively
• *
JvIJ.S. LIEUJ. J. F. LUGEY, Wife of Lieut. Lucevj, Battery D, First Cali
fornia /\rtiller\j.
Which Is the braver, the woman who
remains at home, after seeing her hus
band sail away to an unknown coun
try, while she courageously takes up
her life alone, enduring awful suspense,
struggling to stifle the craving to see.
if only for a minute, the absent one,
and striving to feed and clothe, per
haps, a number of little ones: or the
woman who follows her husband to
war?" "7 '•>,".'
In my opinion, the former is the
braver? I have lived in Cavite. and
know that the excitement of conauest
bolsters up the courage to do and dare.
And really, after all, that is not hero
ism. ■ The insurgents had frequently
threatened to attack Cavite. and sev
eral times we women were hurried off
to Fort San Felipe. At the slight
est sound the men were up in arms and
chasing madly down the street, leav
ing us to protect ourselves. An offi
cer's duty ls to his country, and a wife
at such a time is only a care. On the
morning of the sth of February we
were awakened by the bursting of
shells ' and the , roaring of guns. We
forgot *to eat breakfast and ran like
mad up and down the sea wall, strain
ing our ears to catch the fragments of
conversation. The navy, artillery and
Winchesters thundered their reports
TRAGEDIES CAUSED BY TRIFLES
In a Lancashire coal mine, a few years
ago, t a callous youth viciously pricked a
pony with his penknife. The wounded an
imal kicked out . furiously, , overturning
and breaking several safety lamps. The
naked flames fed the foul gases In the air
and created an appalling explosion which
wrought ' the death of over \ a hundred
miners. . '.- . '.' '■ ■. •-yi 74 .v
: Sun-rays shining through a decanter of
water on the cartridge of a loaded rifle
slew a sleeping man on a lounge near by.
The Innocent owner of the rifle was ar
raigned for the supposed crime, and was
sentenced to death, when the testimony
of a shrewd detective solved the mystery
and secured his reprieve.
A . spark from a truant fire-balloon in
the neighborhood of New York one cele-
bratlon day drifted through the open door
of a gunpowder factory and created ln a
moment a miniature earthquake, slaying
six . men and woefully wounding several
others. 'yyy'--
An Italian Countess, entering her cham
ber, one evening with a stout stiletto bon
net pin In her band, stumbled over a pet
Burning of Sar\ j-teque.
Prom a Photograph taken by Mrs. Lucey.
about our quarters. The Colorado boys
camped next door, and when they were
mustered out at 9 p. m. all of the
women in our household went to the
windows to shout, "Good luck, boys!
Be brave!"
"Adlos, adios," came back the cheer
ing answer. "We'll fight for our Am
erican women." "We watched all that
night, and when along toward morning
the ambulances began to come in.
bearing the wounded and among them
the dead body of a Colorado boy then
the women showed their courage.
They brought out drinks and refresh
ments for the returning soldiers, who
greeted them with three ringing tu
multuous cheers — not for the success
of the skirmish, not for the red, white
and blue, but three stirring, agitated
cheers for the "American women."
The women visited the hospitals,
wrote letters for the wounded, said
prayers for the dying, sang.encourag
ing songs for the homesick boys and
soothed the aching heads with their
tender hands. This was their mission.
One American woman had two sons In
the field, and every day she visited the
trenches to inquire for and speak to
her darling boys, and every day she
came back to her home with their
promises of bravery newly pledged
from their lips, and every day the sons
of the absent mother watched for her
sweet face and blessed her as she
passed them. .
But there is a bravery surpassing all
this, and it belongs to the wife who
stays at home.
y. » -- 'V ■:-:-
upon the air, and Mrs. Diss and — the
only women in Cavite at this time
prayed for the safety of our American
boys, while at the same time there was
a hope that there would be fewer Fili
pinos for our boys to fight.
All human feelings were lost, and I
wished that I were only a man and
that I might have my share in the
contest, which we watched from the
tower on top of. the house where the
colonel had his headquarters. Shell af
ter shell was thrown from the Monad
nock into the lines of the insurgents,
destroying lives, block houses and nlna
huts. I found myself rejoicing at this
awful destruction, and hoped and
prayed that the warship "Manila"
would begin firing at the enemy. .
I wondered, as many others did. if
Admiral Dewey's terms would be ac
cepted by the rebels, and half wished in
my heart that they would not. ln order
to give those in Cavite a chance to
fight. The excitement of war overcame
all thought that the Filipinos were hu
man beings. "; • ;
If the unnatural, fiendish exultation
which possesses woman while witness
ing a battle is called bravery, then
give me the Christian, sympathetic
heroism of the wife who stays at home.
It Is sweeter and greater.
dog. and fell prostrate on the floor, the
perilous pin piercing her heart and caus
ing Instant death. The heartbroken
Count, suspecting a jealous noble of the
supposed murder, shot him -dead on the
street next day. The following. night the
brother of the murdered man fatal! v
stabbed the Count. After this triple trag
edy the true cause of the trouble was re
vealed.
A young bachelor in London, sanguine
of participating in the wealth of a certain
country uncle, Invited his rich relative to
spend a week with him in town.* D urine*
dinner, one evening the nephew— quite un
aware of the perilous character of the
combination— passed Chartreuse wine and
bananas to his uncle, who partook freely
cf both, thus producing a peculiarly pot
ent poison, which caused his death: Th*.
nephew deep concern turned to dismay
when he learned later that the absence of
any will shattered . his hopes of fortune
and his chagrin prompted him to prema
turely end his existence. jr«na-.
A German fhmily, seven in number lost
their lives by a somewhat unique acci
dent. They slept in one. large apartment
lighted by gas. Before retiring the father
hung his overcoat. above the gas burner
During - the night this garment slipped
and fell on the tap, turning the gas full
on. and so suffocating the slumbering in
mates.
A defect in an axle, so small as to es
cape the scrutiny of the vigilant plate'
layers, led to the most melancholy dis
aster ever known In the United States.
The fated train caught fire, then left the
rails and descended a steep declivity. In
this appalling accident more than 200 lives
were lost. \
A trifling but irreparable misunder
standing between the captain and engi
neer of a stately steamship some years
since led to the loss of the vessel, with
400 passengers and a costly cargo. The
ship was steering through perilous seas,
when the electric bell sounded "stop" to
the engine-room. From some unexplained
cause the signal was taken for "full
speed ahead " and was so interpreted and
obeyed, with the result that the huge
vessel struck a rock and foundered.
A faulty link in a huge hoisting chain
caused one of the direst disasters of its
kind that ever occurred in the North of
England. The chain was attached to a
colossal crane and snapped at a critical
moment, allowing some enormous iron
girders to. fall upon a score of workmen
beneath, twelve of whom lost their lives
thereby.
A popular Polish ' tenor singer of op
eratic celebrity some years since lost his
life by eating a milk scone in which a
careless cook had unintentionally dropped
a brass nail. The nail caused cancer,
from which death ensued.
A once renowned French actress lost
her reason through a trifling occurrence.
She was visiting at an ancient chateau
In the vicinity of Mentone, when a friend
challenged her to pass the night alone In
an alleged haunted chamber. She ac
cepted the challenge. During the night
she called for aid, and an attendant
found her in a state of pitiful fright
through certain uncanny sounds she had
heard. Finally she developed a nervous
disorder, which culminated in Insanity.
The ghostly visitants were rats.
WJjat Presidents Cost.
PRESIDENTS "come high, but we
have got to have them." It costs us
5114.565 a year for a chief executive.
His salary is $50,000 and "found," as
our Western neighbors say. The Presi
dent's finding is rather comprehensive,
covering about every possible require
ment of a family. His private secretary,
the clerks, 'doorkeepers, messengers and
steward, and three other servants, cost
us $33,865 a year. Then there is a con
tingent fund of $8000 a year, which the
President may use according to his dis
cretion.
In furniture and repairs to the White
House the sum of $16,000 more, to be used
by the direction of the President, is pro
vided by the nation and is always ex
pended. For fuel alone $3000 is allowed,
and for necessary repair's to the green
house there is $4000.
Altogether the Presidential "fading" a
annually amounts •to the snug sum or
$64,865, nearly $15,000 a year more than
his salary. The two aggregate $114,865.
This is an imposing aggregate, but it is
small compared with other Presidents.
The President of the French Republic re
ceives as salary $120,000 a year, $32,450 for
contingent purposes and a handsome
house, rent free. So we get our Presi
dent rather cheaply. — Boston Journal.
The thing about our regular which first
struck the foreign military attaches who
came here to observe our Spanish war
was his unbuttoned negligence In dress.
While there is no end of "fuss" issued to
this man— fine clothes, brasses, lace,
pompons, and. I don't know what not
he keeps it in a chest In his barracks and
he hates the sight of it. Nothing but a
sentry with a loaded gun and positive or
ders to kill could make him keep his coat
buttoned. This is because he is an
American, and this is the national char
acter.
A foreign officer asked at Tampa last
spring: "Why does he have all this tent
age, all this transportation, all these
cooking things— surely he does not take
it to war?" ' . "'.
"Wait," I replied.
Later the officer saw him at Santiago,
and the property was left behind. He
trudged along .with his blanket roll, his
"three days" in the haversack, his am
munition, tin cup and meat tin. He was
light and fieldlike— very much admired by
the foreigner.
Only one regiment at Havana has the
karkie clothing, and none have ths
cork helmets or panama hats so much
needed in the tropics. The official os
triches in Washington should be made to
pull their heads out of the sand and look
up; but, alas! there is no one to make
them.— Frederic Remington ln Collier's
Weekly.QUEEREST CASE ON RECORD
CAT CACSEIVA
THEN TF^JL-i-^tXHEI^ A L/W/
---S CD IT THAT • CALLED T-^R
A •*• *• * -
b**svaM*_?p tfTO _ t»« ' JTTREtT _t« iAvr" TWEJR P£T . „ . .
Letter to a San Francisco Merchant
Telling How the Singular Case
Was Started.
BOMBAY, India, Jan. 8, 1899.— Frederick W. Peters, Esq., San ♦
Francisco, U. B. A.— Honored Sir: In answer to yours of the 10th of ♦
December, we would state that our house is no way Involved finan- ♦
daily, we are only obliged to suspend certain lines of our foreign ■♦■
business until the courts of our city shall have settled a certain ques- -♦•
tlon of damages which have accrued through a flre which destroyed +
our principal warehouse, +
Our loss amounted to Rs 2,000,000 (two million rupees). A friendly +
suit is necessary to decide who may be at fault for this disaster, as +
the fir*- was caused by the overturning of a lamp by a pet cat be- +
longing to the firm. +
The flre was carried from the counting-room to the warehouse +
adjoining by the above-mentioned animal. +
We expect to have all our matters rearranged within the next -♦•
three or four weeks. >
Hoping to be honored by a continuance of your trade, we re- •+
main, respectfully, MANOCKJEE, POONJEAJEE & CO. ♦
THROUGH the kindness of F. W.
Peters, secretary of the Ylgorit
Powder Company, I am enabled to
present to the leaders of The Sun
day fall one of the strangest de
cisions ever handed down by any
court in the world.
Mr. Peters, as an exporter of powder
and a heavy Importer of Indian stuffs and
condiments, is in correspondence with
many of the great Fas* Indian houses.
Among the lot none are more prominent
'hat th* old and highly respectable firm
of Manockjee, Poonjeajee A Co. of Bom
bay.
During the month of January, 1898, my
friend received a letter from the Bombay
house to the effect that a certain order
was canceled on account of a disastrous
flre which had destroyed their principal
warehouse, It was stated that the firm
was ir. no way involved, but that it was
necessary that a friendly suit be insti
tuted in ll " Indian courts to deride which
member or members of the firm should
be held responsible for the conflagration
which had cost the house a loss of at
least 2,'ttO/OO rupees .51 .000 .000).
It. was stated in the letter that the fire
was caused by the overturning of a lamp
In the counting-house and communicated
to the warehouse through the agency of
a cat.
It was quite easy to understand that a
Are might have been caused by the over
tures- of a -.:;, In the counting-room,
and even that It might have been carried
into the warehouse by a cat. After
sifting the correspondence the curious
story may be told as follows:
The house of Manockjee Poonjeajee &
Co. is one of the oldest in all India. Its
members are all Parsees. Now to the
Occidental this fact may seem very insig
nificant, but not so to one who has ever
resided In the Orient. For in all the four
quarters of the globe there are no greater
merchants than this most peculiar sect.
The wary Turk, the sly Chinese and the
clever Armenian all nave their claims as
shrewd mercantile men. but none should
be mentioned In the same breath with the
Parsoe; he is the acknowledged king of
merchants.
One of the peculiarities 0 their busi
ness methocjs is the fact that all property
owned by a firm must be carefully des
ignated, and. If possible, segregated, In
order that if a loss occur through the
negligence of any member of the firm the
rest may not .-differ for the faults of the
others.
To give an example, one member of the
firm desired to take a flyer at the pow
der trade, the other members of the
combination considered it an unsafe busi
ness; so it was agreed that the house go
into the business, but that the individual
who lad proposed this innovation was to
be responsible for any damage that might
accrue hi case of explosion not due to
the negligence of the other members. In
order that this particularly bold mem
ber might be properly recompensed for
his great risk, he was to have one full
half if the profits from the sale of the
powder, while the threo timid members
were to divide the remaining one-half.
So much for the business methods of
our Bombay merchants. Now for the
strange tale of the cat.
The ancient house of Manockjee, Poon
jeajee & Co. is situated in Borah Bazar
Street Fort. Bombay, and it is claimed
by the members of the present firm that
their ancestors have carried on the same
business, with a few modifications to
meet the necessities of the European
trade, for more centuries than the United
States has been known to the map of the
world. The firm is made up of four
partners, and their counting room and
one of their warehouses are in this build
ing. This particular storeroom contains
only the silks and other precious stuffs
for which the house is noted In trade all
over the world.
One day there strayed Into the count
ing house where the four sedate and dig
nified merchants sat smoking their pipes
in the solemn silence so common to the
prosperous Oriental merchant a pretty
white kitten. Little attention was paid
to pussy until she had made the round of
the room, rubbed her soft fur against
the leg of each member of the firm and
finally walked demurely over to the
great strong box which stood in one cor
ner. Here she paused for a moment and
seemed to critically examine its fasten
ing^ The animal seemed quite satisfied
with the construction of the safe, and
♦when she had again reached the door
side she made a playful leap, rapped the
♦""? VI *^ y * w,,n hPr velvet-like paw.
stretched herself comfortably beside the
door and began to purr a little cat-like
song, looking at the four 'partners with
an expression which seemed to say:
Now, gentlemen, you may rest perfect
ly secure. ,L will assume all the respon
sibility of this business myself."
"Brothers!" exclaimed one of the party
"this is surely a good omen. Unbidden
this pretty lit. c creature comes in to our
place of business; without ceremony she
introduces herself to each member of the
firm. Next she examines our property to
see If we are solvent and in good standing
with the world of trade. May this not be
a visitation from heaven, disguised in
strange form? Let us adopt the little
stranger and give It a home in the great
house of ' Manockjee, Poonjeajee & Co
Should we refuse her shelter it- is pos
sible we offend the Deity. What say you
my good brothers?" '
Solemnly the remarks were considered
by the other three partners. Finally one
said: "Brother, what you say may be
true. You are well known foryour ' wis
dom; you have studied long In our na
tional university: you have also listened
to the wise teachings of the mysterious
men who live on the mountains. But
first let me ask you one question. Is this
request that we adopt this strange visitor
the result of your occult training, or
simply a playful thought? You say It
seems a good omen and that it may be a
message from the other world. Why these
odd thoughts?" ~_H_9-|
The first speaker was silent for a period
of minutes. Puff, puff, puff, puff, came
from all four pipes. "Brothers," he re
plied at last, "Just before this little crea
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Brothers; this 15 sorely a good o^n**. * - . «
ture entered our counting-room I was en
gaged in deep meditation, possibly I was
half asleep, the weather is very warm, so
this may be a day-dream. But this I did
see in the dream or vision, whichever you
wish to call it, a black cloud hanging
THE WAT TO TELL FORTUNES WITH CARDS.
IF there Is one thing more than an
other that fascinates women, and
men, too, for the matter of that, it is
having their fortunes told. What
like hearing is that "the dark gentleman
with the black eyes is dying for love of
them," that "a large fortune will shortly
be left them," or something equally de
lightful. They do not shrink, or pretend
not to, from listening to prognostications
of evil, but on the whole are naturally
more inclined toward the sybil who
promises them a rosy future. Fortune
telling by cards ls now the absorbing
pastime of certain smart sets of society,
and many a maiden is achieving a sur
prising popularity because she can read
cleverly the mystic signs and symbols
shown "by the black and red spots.
The systems in vogue are the Parisian,
the Italian, the Vingt et Un and the Et
teilla We propose to describe and follow
the Parisian as being the least compli
cated It is the system most frequently
met With, and is familiar to the gypsies
of all nations as the "Sevenfold."
It may be remembered- that no small
cards are. necessary for card-laying; the
value of the cards is rated thus: Ace,
highest, then king, queen, knave, ten,
nine eight and seven the lowest.
The general character of the suits is
aS Cl u o bs°^t S and highest, and denote every
thing that is good and lucky; Whatever
their position or surroundings, they pre
sage good fortune, and no environment of
'evil can alter this altogether-
Hearts are next In good odor; they de
note love, kindness, family affections,
pleasure and the genialities and beauties
of life, but they may be tempered by rel
ative cards and untoward situations.
Diamonds signify quarreling, opposition,
hindrance and every possible drawback
of a militant character.
Spades presage sadness, illness, loss of
money and reputation and death.
These are the general characteristics of
the four suits; it must be' clearly under
stood that the best cards may be modi
fied by the circumstances of their posi
tions. Happily, too, the worst cards are
capable of improvement in the same way.
For example, the king of hearts may be
cited as a man of good fortune, open
heat red and open-handed, and endowed
with plentiful means to indulge his gener
ous qualities, but if the card be drawn
upside down it signifies that all his good
luck will be of short duration, , that his
very good qualities will be the cause of
his ruin. If he be placed (in dealing out
the cards) between two lesser cards of
the same suit, he may lose his source of
income, his friends or his reputation, ac
cording to their Individual significance. It
is necessary, therefore, to weigh very
carefully the Juxtaposition of - the cpxds
as they drop from the dealer's hands. ."..,
over our house. This means that we are
to sustain a great loss. From out this
ominous cloud there came a beautiful
white dove, which I read, means peace
and prosperity after the misfortune.
When I awoke this little white kitten was
Now to explain the proper laying of a
hand.
Choose out the thirty-two cards, which
include eight of each suit— the cards
which we have already Indicated— taking
ace for highest and seven for lowest
value; shuffle and cut them with the left
hand, if you are operating for yourself,
or cause it to be done with the left hand
of the person concerned, if you are op
erating for another. Perhaps for the sake
of clearness it will be best to speak
throughout as though the operator were
the Individual whose fortune was being
Bought
Cut and turn up a card to represent
yourself during the transaction; then
shuffle and deal the cards into two
packets of sixteen cards' each and choose
one of the packets for the fortune. The
first card of this packet which you turn
up must be laid aside; it is known as
"the surprise." and will be wanted later.
Range the cards In a neat semicircle
before, you; If your representative card
(we will call It "the representative")
does not turn up in the packet chosen
you must repeat this process until it
does; If by any chance it should be
drawn first as "the surprise" you must
equally repeat the process until the fif
teen cards are spread before you, in
cluding the representative.
From the representative you proceed
to count seven, and thus light on the
first ' card to influence your fortune;
you must consider first its simple sig
nificance and then its relative significance
as influenced by the cards on either side
of it. ;
When the meaning of this card has
been thoroughly investigated you can
count on to the nest seventh card, al
ways remembering to count from left to
right; it is rather a good plan to draw
a card that has been investigated a lit
tle above the exact line of your semi
circle, or you may use counters or scraps
of paper to show which cards have al
ready been treated' as seventh cards— in
the latter case do not put the counters on
the cards, but opposite them, on the outer
edge of the table, for, though the card
as a simple seventh card has been Inves
tigated, it still has Its significance and
relative effect on the others.
Readers must understand that every
card has a precise and definite individual
meaning, with which, if we would be
good cartomancists, It is absolutely ne
cessary to tax the memory. We propose
in a future article to give a complete list
of these meanings, but for the present we
must speak as If our readers were al
ready conversant with them.
. Let us take the queen of hearts as the
representative. She. stands for a loving
and attractive woman, hut her position
at the moment beside the knave of ' dia
monds signifies that she ought to beware
of an unfaithful servant or • inferior—
possibly of a soldier boy who has it in
rubbing its back against my robe. Now
take the strange circumstance, or chain
of circumstances, as you will, I have
nothing more to say."
"Well," said another member of the
house, "I am quite willing to admit that
his power to give her annoyance. For
tunately the nine of clubs on her other
side points at unexpected money resources
which may extricate her from difficulty.
She may buy off her tormentor (a very
unwise proceeding, we submit) or other
wise by pecuniary means rid herself of
his influence.
Counting seven cards from the repre
sentative we reach the ten of diamonds—
this is a journey. The seven of clubs and
the seven of hearts on either side denote
special prosperity both in money matters
and the affections— the journey will be
both profitable and pleasant.
The next seventh card is the queen of
spades, a widow or elderly woman— her
influence is not likely to be friendly, but
it is. in this case, counterbalanced by the
ten and eight of hearts (the suit of the
representative and consequently svmpa
thctic); the ten signifies satisfaction after
annoyance, the eight a young and friend
ly relative to the representative.
We may conclude that mischief or hin
drance contemplated by the elderly widow
woman is put a stop to by the young con
nection, a blonde person, by-the-by, and
that great relief and satisfaction ensues.
Proceeding to the ace of clubs we have
good news; but the seven and ten of
spades proclaim it to be transitory and
soon turned to mourning— there is even a
suspicion of shame in the transaction but,
luckily, this will be found to be a false
alarm.
The king of hearts and the knave of
clubs side by side are two persons who
play a strong part in the fate of the rep
resentative—the king is blonde and prob
ably a relation, or perhaps an old and In
timate friend: the knave is dark, ener
getic and quick at seizing an opportunity;
the nine of diamonds on the other side
foretells family talk and interest evoked
by the circumstance of the two men's in
fluence on the representative, and points
at difference of opinion. However, as may
be very clearly seen, the next step from
the king to the representative is a mar
riage, and the fact of the suit being sym
pathetic is of the best augury, and closes
this hand, for, as it will be seen, any
further choice of- the seventh card would
only repeat the operation on the old lines.
We have given our explanation as
shortly as possible, but any expert who
cares to go more in detail into the
matter can easily amplify the meanings
derivable from the "sevenfold" method—
for. instance, In the hand before us, the
young or energetic lover (or "influencer")
has for seventh card the deceitful servant
or inferior, whose machinations the rep
resentative was called upon to meet earli
er In "the" day. ■ The significance of such
relative points is simply inexhaustible,
and can only be brought out by experi
ence and practice.
A handful of cards on the table—
The fortunes have all been told,
With doubtless, many a fable
Of lovers with plenty of gold, "
That hid in the spots red and sable-
Mystic signs which the future unfold.
She thinks as the cards lie there idle
How very like people they are. -.
, Knaves often take queens to the bridal
Clubs bring gallant hearts to the bar,
>- While kings to the diamond will sidle,
And spades put us all on a par.
-"-McCan's Magazine for March.
Rears uke an Oriental
fedMANC?E t RUT BUSINESS
CORRESPONDENCE 3*. COURT
ARCHIVES CONTAIN THE . STOY
C/j-iLr, THE &/<*- ißor^ SAFE j-lark^d the, sp&r # « *
as the animal. seems part of our brother's
dream, we really have no right to turn lt
away. Suppose, as has been suggested,
we take the little thing, and in order that
the good or ill-fortune lt may bring be
equally divided, we will consider It one of
the assets of the firm. Now, how shall we
divide the ownership of the animal?"
"Oh, well!" exclaimed the others, "we
will follow the regular precedent of our
people. You, Manockjee. may claim the
left foreleg; I will take the right, and so
on til! the cat is equally divided. Is this
arrangement satisfactory to all?"
There being no objection to this mode
of distribution, lt was so agreed. The
bookkeeper was called into the counting
house and the ownership of the cat was
duly entered on the books of the firm as
one of its assets, each quarter of the ani
mal being designated as the property of
some individual member of the firm.
All went well with the house of Manock
jee, Poonjeaiee & Co. for a year or so. and
pussy became a great favorite with the
whole household. It was often remarked
by different members that they had cer
tainly made no mistake when they adopt
ed the stray little kitten, for surely never
for centuries had the great house been
so prosperous. Trade with the West had
almost doubled. Connections had been
established in parts of North and South
America, all of which were .successful.
Yes, there could be no mistake, the kit
ten had been a harbinger of good luck.
Some time during the month of De
cember, 1897, while puss was playing In
the street in front of the store its atten
tion was distracted by some little moving
object and it did not notice a bullock
cart coming from an opposite direction.
In a moment poor kit was under the
heavy wheels and before lt could extri
cate itself one white paw was crushed
and broken. The accident was witnessed
from the store by two members of- the
firm, who rushed wildly into the' street
to save their pet.
They carried the suffering cat Into the
counting room and carefully examined
Its Injuries, it was found that the bones
of the left foreleg were broken and that
the animal was in great pain. "We must
send for a doctor," said one. "Of course,"
was the quick response of all the others.
"But first let us consider whose portion
of the cat has been injured."
This was easily settled. The left fore
leg of the cat belonged to Manockjee, so
it was the duty of Manockjee to send for
the physician and foot the bill.
A doctor was accordingly sent for and
did all In his power to relieve the suffer
ings of the injured animal. The leg was
wrapped in bandages soaked in turpentine
liniment, and regularly each day the doc
tor made his professional call at the great
house to hasten the recovery of the mas
cot. But it is no easy matter to weld a
broken bone when a cat is the patient.
Pussy would put her foot to the ground
once in a while and undo all the work of
her doctor friend.
In the early part of January, 1898, the
cat was walking about over the tables and
desks of the counting-room when she
overturned a lighted lamp. The flame
from the lamp ignited the turpentine with
which the bandages were soaked, and
pussy flew in terror through the counting
room, into the warehouse. The agony of
the burning bandage about the leg kept
the poor beast going at top speed, evi
dently hoping to And relief in some of the
snug corners among the bales of silk.
where she had taken many a quiet nap
on other occasions. Before help could be
summoned the great warehouse with its
valuable contents was in flames, and three
hours after only the big iron safe marked
the spot where once stood the old. old
house of Manockjee, Poonjeajee & Co.
The partners took their loss with all the
stoical forbearance of the confirmed fa
talist. All things were ordained in the be
ginning. This was merely a decree of
fate. So they bowed deferentially to fate
and calmly proceeded to rebuild upon the
ruins. BPW
But now came the Important question of
settling for loss.
Who was at fault? A business meeting
of the firm was held and it was soon de
cided by the other thro" partners that the
whole damage was caused by the burning
bandage wrapped about the left foreleg .if
the cat. That left foreleg was the indi
vidual and separate property of Manock
jee, which made decision an easy matter.
Of course Manockjee was responsible for
the destruction of the warehouse. ! There
was no room for doubt.
Although Manockjee did not dispute
this assertion outright, still he asked for
time to reflect before assuming the entire
responsibility.
At last he asked his partners If they
would object to a friendly suit in the
courts to decide for a certainty just
where the blame should be lodged. "In
this manner." said he, "we may settle the
matter for all time and it will leave no
room for hard feelings."
This was agreed to. with the following
somewhat strange result:
The case was presented fairly and with
out prejudice. Manockjee had retained
one of the brightest pleaders before the
Indian bar, and through his shrewd ef
forts the Judge handed down the follow
ing remarkable decision:
A cat being owned severally by
four men, each being proprietor of
a designated section of the animal,
overturned a lamp and set fire to
a bandage on the left foreleg. The
cat ln fright ran into the ware
house and communicated the flre
to the goods stored therein.
Held, that the owner of the sec
tion of the cat which included the
bandaged leg is not responsible for
the damage caused by the flre, be
cause the three other owners, pro
prietors of the three other legs,
were guilty of contributory negli
gence in that It was by the assist
ance of the legs owned by them
that the cat was enabled to run
into the warehouse and spread the
flames. Judgment for defendant.
W. C. BUNNER.
• • •
Ex-Superior Judge Sanderson was asked
his opinion of the decision of the learned
Indian Judge. He said:
"I quite agree with his Lordship. It wu
impossible for the wounded animal to car
ry itself into the building without the as
sistance of three sound limbs, consequent
ly the other three proprietors of the other
three legs were responsible for the dam
age.
"Contributory negligence is an expres
sion rather hard to understand; it does
not always mean exactly what it says.
However." the other partners were guilty
of contributory negligence in this in
stance.
"I read the decision in one of the nu
merous foreign legal journals a short
time ago, but it was only a synopsis of
the judgment and at the time I considered
it simply a legal joke. But now that I
come to think of it the article was in an
English publication, and as a rule they
are not given to joking on such serious
subjects.
"Superior "Judge J. C. B. Hebbard
concurs, and is positive that if the
same case were presented to one of our
local courts the result would have been
the same except, possibly, the Judge
might have been tempted to throw the
whole thing out of court. Still, if the
ownership of the cat were entered on the
books of the firm, with the segregation of
the property as here represented, it would
probably become the painful duty of the
court to listen to the case.
"I. know that the courts of the Indian
empire are noted for their knowledge of
technical law, and many of their deci
sions hinge on the same minute principles.
However, the court decided wisely."
The Pride of Genius.
j MODERN scientist assures us that
A men of real genius are always
A and he gives the following
men of real genius are always
proud, and he gives the following
jLJL examples as proofs of the truth of
this statement. When Mirabeau was dy
ing he said to his servant: "Prop up my
head carefully, for it is the most remark
able head in all France."
Michael Angelo wrote In 15-42: "All the
differences between me arid Pope Julius
arose from the fact that Raphael and
Bramante were jealous of me and tried
to overthrow me. Yet everything that
Raphael knows about art he learned from
me.";
Rossini addressed some of bis letters to
his mother as follows: "To "Mrs. Rossini,
the mother of the distinguished master.
Finally. Schopenhauer, when he was
asked where he would like to be buried,
replied: "The place does not matter, as
posterity will know well enough where
to find me."
These are certainly striking examples
in some respects, but it would not be dif
ficult to find others quite as striking of
real men of genius who were noted for
their modesty. After all, the entire mat
ter evidently hinges on the crucial ques
tion, What is real genius, and how can it
be unerringly distinguished from the pre
tentious talent?
1920
"JIM THE PENMAN" OF FICTION OUTDONE BY A CLERGYMAN IN REAL LIFE
Preacbcd the Gospel, Bunkoed Banks and Cleverly Covered His Trail for Years, but the Detectives Kept Working to find Him and at Last Ran Him Down While He Was In Church Preaching a Sermon.
*y IM THE PENMAN" of fiction has
|| been outdone by the Rev. George R.
J Parrish PENMAN" It ls indeed a
;• the Rev. George R.
Parrlsh of real life. It Is Indeed a
T t strange and thrilling story of a
\J wolf in sheep's clothing, of crime
masquerading in garb of respetca
bilitv, of canting hypocrisy in vestments
of the church, as told by the Pir.kerton
detectives. The novelist and dramatist
have time and again given us pictures of
these combinations that have chained our
attention, yet often brought a doubt of
their truthfulness in nature, success In
crime hatlllng of justice for a long time.
tho criminal respected and apparently liv
ing the life of ah honest man, while pa
tient detectives for years fall to follow
a slender clew to success, which, though
thrilling and entertaining, have often ap
peared overdrawn and too highly colored.
But now comes a real detective story —
a chapter from the records of crime that
has emphasized all the dramatic situa
tions so cunningly and effectively used By
the novelist and play writer. "Truth Is
stranger than fiction," and fiction is only
worthy when It approaches truth.
True Detective Story.
Last week came the story of the arrest
for forgery of the Rev. George R. Parrlsh.
paster 'if the First Congregational Church
of Marshalltown, lowa, as told by the
Pink' i detectives. Now, there is noth
ing particularly strange In the arrest of
a man for forgery; it Is a daily item of
news, and so common an occurrence in a
great detective agency as to hardly call
for the most ordinary attention, but here
was a case that even stirred the cold, pro
fessional, calculating mind of a detective,
whose waking hours are passed In rubbing
against crime, and who ls as miliar
with criminals, their life and methods as
Is the trained entomologist .with ie in
sects he captures and securely pins. It is
th* fit range "bug" that requires more
thought than Is necessary to formally en
ter him under the proper heads In the
register. Bo with the entomologist in the
realm of human 'bugs." The Pinker!
after a long chase, have "netted" and
SHE following are the reasons for
the theory that the Garden of
Edon is at or near Seychelles. I
could even put it at Praslin, a
small isle twenty miles north of
Mahe.
Allow that Genesis Is not allegorical,
that Eden, its garden, its two trees, did
exist on this earth. Eden is a district,
the garden is a spot chosen ln that dis
trict, the trees were actual trees, im
bued for a time with spiritual qualities;
these trees, the bush, the ark. the taber
nacle and temple differed nothing from
the same things in the world except
for the time during which they were
spiritually consecrated or set apart for
manifestations of God. or Satan. God's
consecration made things which were
equally clean, clean. and unclean; there
fore I see no reason for doubting that
God did sot apart the two trees to be
one if Life, the other of Knowledge; or
that God when these two trees had ful
filled their purpose should have rele
gated them back to their former ordin
ary tree position. We see this in the
way the temple is no more than another
building; in the way the Philistines and
Titus and Nebuchadnezzar carried off
the holy things of God which at one
time it was death to touch. I therefore
maintain that there Is no reason to
doubt that two trees of the earth
were used as mystical or sacramental
trees In Eden's garden, or that they
Were destroyed when they had fulfilled
their mission; they were, I think, rele
gr. ted back to their position as trees.
Allowing this, what was the tempta
tion of man? Here is his soliloquy: "It
mijst be good to eat; it "ooks nice. I
wonder what would be the effect of
enting It. just a little bit?" In this we
must place ourselves in man's position,
Jle then could have no other tempta
tion but this: he could only be tempted
by his belly's appetite; lie could desire
no carriages, dress or jewels; he had
no one to be spiteful to, to bo jealous
of. to hate; he could be greedy and he
could be curious; he was as a child,
curious and greedy, so that the temp
taiion was necessarily, I think, that
which It v.as. "We ever have many doors
open to temptation, for the increase of
"pinned" a particularly poisonous and
elusive human insect, and tell of their ex
perience In the chase.
Reporter, lawyer, clergyman, preacher
of the Christian religion to the people and
teacher of good morals to the children,
a forger for position, a forger for money,
followed by detectives for years, posing
as an honest man. honored and respected,
shadowed to his very pulpit, there arrest
ed and now in custody of officers of the
law as a criminal. This Is a synopsis of
the drama in real life.
Different Aliases.
"Parrlsh." "Thompson" and "Aiken" are
some of the names under which the ar
rested man has been known, with likely
more to appear when he shall tell the en
tire truth of the strange story of his life.
"Parrish." "Rev. Dr. George R. Parrish,"
is the title which appears in the record of
his arrest for forgery. And this record,
as given out by the detectives, tells of the
thrre years' chase necessary to capture
him.
"All criminals come to the detectives
who wait." said the elder Plnkerton years
ago. "Criminals will talk, and they will
continue their methods until some day
they make a slip and reveal themselves.
The slightest cue is sufficient for their de
tection If you only have time and patience
enough to abide lt."
Th!s has been true in the case of Par
rish. for the clew that has been followed
to his arrest was a slender one, and the
arrest did not come until three and a
quarter years after the commission of
the particular crime with which he la
charged. IHBH
It was on July 17, 1895. the Pinkertons
say, that the Sandwich Bank of Sandwich.
111., received a letter purporting to come
from the cashier of the Lucas County
Savings Bank of Toledo. Ohio, enclosing
a draft, apparently issued by the Illinois
Home Missionary Society of Chicago in
favor of the Rev. Mark Thompson. With
the draft was a pretended letter from the
cashier of the Lucas County Bank otat-
GENERAL GORDON'S RAP OF THE GARDEN OF EDEN :
man increases the doors by which wo
can be tempted. The temptation was
in its result distrust of God, a feeling
that God withheld something from man.
In man is implanted by nature the
spirit of Inquiry. We all know this:
tell a child not to open a certain book,
he lmmediatl has an immense long
ing to open that book, which he would
not have noticed if he had not been for
bidden to touch it. You can test it
yourself: leave a dozen lozenges on
your table, tell a child not to eat them,
let the child see them constantly, tell
him only once, and add to your telling
that If he eats something unknown to
him will happen. Keep treating the
child kindly, so that he will not fear
you; some day you will find eleven loz
enges—at least I think so. Therefore
I think the forbidding of the tree was
even to our reason a fair test to man.
and that the very fact of this distrust
and forgetfulnees of God was virtually
a communion with Satan! a sacrament
with Satan: a. mystical eating, though
material, which led to Satan communi
cating or inoculating man with evil,
poisoning, tainting him.
Now, with respect to the other tree,
the Tree of Life, there is no reason to
doubt that man often had ate of
it; before his banquet on the forbidden
tree man had communed with God,
when he named the animals, etc., and
there is every probability he did eat of
the Tree of Life. I do not go into de
tail on this, for you know the Scriptures
and you know what Is written of the
Bread of Life, the fruit of the Tree of
Life, etc., which eventually, In the last
chapter of Revelation, appears again
alone, not with the- Tree of Knowledge;
therefore, I think man often partook
of the Tree of Life in the garden. When
he had eaten of th« Tree of Knowledge,
he was prevented. from so doing, for he
had acquired »*• taint from thus eating,
which, if he had after eaten of the Tree
of Life, would have given him Immor
tality; in his degraded state, he would
have mixed God with Sata.i ln their at
tributes, which cannot be: God will not
serve with Satan. I do not go into all
this, for I have not time, but I believe
that the Tree of Life, spiritually, ex- ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Ing that Mr. Thompson was the pastor of
the Central Church In Toledo, and that
he was on a vacation. Further informa
tion was given that Mr. Thompson was
undoubtedly visiting with the Rev. J. M.
Lewis, who was the esteemed Congrega
tional minister at Sandwich. The letter
closed by requesting that the Sandwich
Bank pay to Mr. Thompson the .300 called
for by the draft.
Mr. Parrish had prepared the draft,
written and mailed the letter and followed
It In person to Sandwich, lie called on the
Rev. Mv Lewis and Introduced himself
as the Rev. Mark Thompson, pastor of the
Central Church of Toledo. Mr. Lewis
iv.- before him an intelligent, clerical ap- •
pearing young man, not quite 40 years i
old, who by plausible talk and a correct
knowledge of current religious affairs at I
once gained his confidence and received
an invitation to spend the night with him. i
After an evening of religious conversa
tion and a night of rest the kind-hearted, ;
unsuspecting Mr. Lewis went with his ■•*
guest to the bank and introduced him as i
the Rev. Mark Thompson of Toledo. That ]
was the last needed link In the chain '
forged by Parrish, and he got the wanted i
$300. - ,
lie thanked the bank officers, thanked I
Mr. Lewis for his "brotherly act for a :
fellow minister" and went on his way se
cretly rejoicing.
After the Forger. .
In a few days the draft was returned
from Toledo dishonored. The bank that it
.was purported to be drawn .by was a
myth. The Sandwich Bank bad lost $300
and the. Rev. Mr. Lewis suffered the deep
mortification of having Innocently been i
dragged into a fraudulent action.
From that day until Parrish was arrested
Lewis did not cease in doing his utmost '
for his detection.
The Sandwich Bank, being a member of
the American Bankers' Association, placed '
the matter in its hands, and it in turn
placed It in the professional care of the
detectives. ,
(The following article from the Strand was written, and illustrated
with maps, by General Gordon, in ISS2, in the form of a letter to a
friend, a missionary, and now sees the light for the first time. It is of
unique interest, not only on account of the eminence of the writei, but
also because of the fact that he was probably the most competent person
in the world to deal with thi*-. fascinating subject, owing to the extent of
his researches as an archae in the Orient, combined with the deep
religious feeling which was the keynote of all his actions.]
lsts, also the Tree of Knowledge; that
we eat sometimes of one, some often
of the other; that the fiery cherubim
is the law which guards the Tree ef
Life, and it is only through the broken
body, the veil of Christ, we can ap
proach to eat of the fruit of the Tree
of Life, which is Christ.
I am now rebating to you how these
thoughts first struck me and in the
order in which they did.
Well, I thought there were two trees
— actual trees which had been sacra
mental, and had ceased to be so; and In
Praslln, near Seychelles, and only there
in the whole world, Is a magnificent
tree, curious beyond description, called
the Prince of the Vegetable Kingdom;
it is unique in Its species, and on earth
— the Laodicean Seychellarum, or Coco
di Mir. This, I believe, was the Tree
of Knowledge. I then thought if the
one tree is to be found, so Is the other,
and this I think is the Artocarpus In
clsa, or bread fruit; it Is a humble
tree, of no great distinction, yet to an
observer It is as unique in its kind and
among trees as the other. This last
tree is only found in the Indian Ocean.
It is a life-sustaining tree, and, like the
other, it is full of Scriptural types. :
Having thought that these were the
two trees, then the question arose,
Where was the Garden of Eden? And
'first came the Information that Sey
chelles is of granite, and all other Isles
out here are volcanic, granite being the
more ancient formation. • Then the Rev.
Ib Bury mentioned casually that the
verse Genesis ii:10, could be read that
the four rjvers flowed Into Eden, not
out of It. I have been at the sources
of Euphrates, Tigris, etc., and unless
the rivers were forced to flow back
ward no spot could agree to a central*
basin in those lands, while a flood does
Then began a long and not a hopeful
chase. The Rev. Mark Thompson had
disappeared and the name vanished from
ministerial circles. But the detectives
were "sure he would remain in the minis
try, and in that channel they looked for
him. Thorough inquiry was put on foot,
with the result eft learning that the hunt
ed man was born in Kewanee, 111.,' and
had been admitted to the bar in Iowa;
that he had been a newspaper reporter,
had practiced law, had been Prosecuting
Attorney at Wichita. Kan., and a little
more than years ago had become a
minister of the Congregational church.
He had been a "rolling stone,"- and was
possessed by an uneasiness that kept him
moving from place to place.
From church to church and from one
religious society to another the detectives
went without encouraging results. Sev
eral times they received a "tip" that the
Rev. Mark Thompson was at such a
place, going under such a name. Off would
go a detective, shadow the innocent object
of suspicion, inquire into his past and
learn that be was not Mark Thompson.
Then would come a report from some
other place, or from two or more other
places, and the detectives wuld hurry to
investigate them, without the desired re
sult.
There are many perfectly honest and
upright ministers In half a dozen States
who unknowingly have been under the
searching eye of a detective during the
lust three years.
Piling Up Forgeries.
Mark Thompson could not be found.
Days became weeks, weeks became
months and the months piled into years.
But the patience of the successful detec
tive Is without limit and he never rests.
Clews were sought and, the search con
tinued. Other eases were being attended
to, but as the several detectives Went
back and forth from one end of the land
to the other, were at scores of hotels in
as many towns, met criminals, brother
detectives, old and casual acquaintances,
not change features of 10,000 feet high.
So I took the rivers Euphrates as Eu
phrates, on which is Babylon, and
Hlddekel as Tigris, on which is Nineveh
(vide Daniel). They meet and flow Into
the Persian Gulf.
Babylon oppressed Israel; Nineveh
oppressed Israel. Required two other
rivers - connected with oppression of
Israel.
The question of whether ever a river
came down the Valley of Jordan Into
the Rod Sea is one which has been
much discussed. That an immense
crevasse exists from the source of the
Jordan to the Red Sea is the case; the
depression of the Dead Sea is the diffi
culty; the ravines of Kedron and Gihon
are very deep.
Taking my ground spiritually, and
the similarity of the name Gihon with
the brook of Jerusalem, I think that
they are the same.
The Pison, or Nile, flowed into the
Red Sea; the Gihon, or Gihon Brook,
flowed into the Red Sea, joined, flowed
down, met the Euphrates and Tigris,
united near Socotra, and the soundings
shown end in a deep basin 2600 fathoms
deep, which is close to Seychelles. Cush
is written In margin for Ethiopia. Cush
was son of Nlmrod*; his land was prob
ably near Babylon, now Bab el Mandeb.
Perlm means Bab (gate) el (of) Mandeb
(the world). .
Pison means overflowing— the Nile
overflows. Egypt oppressed Israel. The
Nile is believed now to flow Into the
Red Sea; the Blue Nile encompasses
Cod jam, a province of Abyssinia, in
which there is gold. 'Havllah. son of
Joktan, son of Shorn, went with Sheba
and Ophir to Mesha (Sale's Koran says)
and spread along the Red Sea. The
Sea J V? la ' opposite Aden, is called
Slrius Habilah Sheba, and Ophir 1b gen
they never ceased making inquiries after
Mark Thompson, or, rather, the man who
had been known by that name.
Finally, In October, 1897, the detectives,
through the remarkable Instincts of. their
profession, were satisfied that they bad
at least touched the trail of the man they
were after. A forged draft for $900 came
Into their hands.
"That draft was written by the Rev.
Mark Thompson," said the keen-eyed de
tective expert into whose hands it came.
It was compared with the Sandwich forg
ery, and the comparison showed that the
two had apparently been made by the
same hand.
The .500 forged draft had been offered
to a Watertown (Wis.) bank by a young,
well 'appearing, nervous, clerical looking
man, who had stated that he was the
Rev. Edward 10. Aiken. The draft was
refused, and shortly afterward a similar
instrument was offered by the same man
to a bank at Elkhorn, Wis., and was not
cashed. -.*?"-*,:•■
Trailing His Forgeries.
"Where is the Rev. Edward E. Aiken?"
asked the detectives, but he had as com
pletely disappeared as had the Rev. Mark
Thompson. Yet the search was contin
ued, but the combined Revs. Thompson
arid Aiken moved about as rapidly as
did the detectives, and though clew after
c'.ew was exhausted the hunted forger
was not found.
Then came— only a few weeks ago— the
result of patience and knowledge of the
fact that "criminals, as a rule, continue
their '.rick.-;." Thompson-Alken continued
his hypocrisy and forgery, and unwit
tingly made a clew that has led to his
Imprisonment for the Sandwich forgery.
Another forgery came into Lie hands of
erally connected with Abyssinia, so I
think Pison is Nile.
Gihon means "bursting forth"; the
brook Gihon is on the southern side of
Jerusalem; it meets Kedron and flows,
when it does flow, to the Salt Sea (Dead
Sea), by the "Valley of Fire; it is To
Site of the Garden of Eden*
From Gordon's Map
the detectives. It. was a letter purport
ing to be. written by James Lee Barton,
treasurer of the American Board of Com
missioners for Foreign Affairs,- recom
mending the Rev. Dr. George R. Parrish
to. tic deacon ..of a Congregational church
at Wanwatosa, Wis.
'I tie letter was dated at Chicago, and
the writer said while he was "loitering"
in that city he had heard of L.c Wan
watcsa vacancy and hastened to recom
mend his friend.
"Mr. Parrish, whom I have known from
his boyhood," the letter stated, "was.edu
cated for the bar, is a broad-minded
scholar and a natural orator in fact, pne
of the ablest speakers to whom I have
ever listened; while In social and execu
tive qualities he excels,' being, in short,
just such an 'all around man' as to flt
him for service in such a field as yours."
- Mr. Parrish was not called to Wanwa
tosa, but, unfortunately for him, the dea
con to whom the letter had been sent
met James Lee Barton shortly after its
receipt I and expressed his regret at not
having been able to comply with his re
quest.
Mr. Barton was more than surprised.
He said he had never written such a let
ter, and had not been in Chicago for a
year. Then the forged letter went Into
the hands of the detectives.
"This was written by the forger of the
Sandwich and Watertown drafts," said
the detective who had passed his Juc~
ment on the second Instrument the mo
ment he looked at it. For years the hand
writing of these drafts hau been retained
in his memory.
Run to Earth.
That "Parrish" would likely keep thr 1
name until the discovery of his recent
phot. Hinnom, the Valley of Slaughter,
the sewer of Jerusalem, the site of all
abominable sacrifices; it is connected
with Jerusalem in an evil way; it has
the same name as Genesis. Now comes
a difficulty. "vP : ; y
This is about the substance of every
thing about Eden — Its garden, and its
trees; quite useless unless it tended to
illustrate a great truth. The first word
God utters to man is; "Thou shalt not
eat"; the last injunction Christ gives
is. "Take,- eat." To the world at large
the history of the fall is foolishness;
such effects could never come from so
small a cause of eating of a tree. So
the large proportion of professing
forgery was made known occurred to the
detectives, and on that conclusion they
acted. Records of the names of 'ulsters
in charge of Congregational clv- -r ■:- '--.
every State were examined, when, lo! and
behold, credited to the pastorate of the
First Congregational Church of Marshal ■-
town, lowa, was the name "Rev. George
R. Parrish."
To Marshalltown the detectives went,
where they made quiet, searching inquir
ies as to Mr. Parrish, holding him under
the strictest surveillance during their
progress. , For days he was "shadowed."
Detectives' eyes were on him all day, and
every night he slept under their guardian
ship. vyy^y^ ; -yyyyy-; 77.77^7.
It was learned that the pastor ''-nd re
ceived his call through a letter of rec
ommendation, and that that letter was a
forgery. .The detectives ere sure they
had the right man at last, but "to inane
assurance doubly sure" they sent to
Sandwich for the Rev. Mr. Lewis, who
gladly hurried to Marshalltown to ident
ify the man who had so cruelly imposed
on him.
Then came a dramatic finish. Accom
panied by the detective Mr. Lewis en
tered the First Congregational Church
with the congregation, took a seat and
waited . for the beginning of the usual
Sunday morning service. Presently the
Rev. Dr. George R. Parrish entered his
pulpit.
"That is the man," whispered Mr.
Lewis to the detective.
Mr. Parrish was not disturbed then. Ha
conducted the service as usual, preached
a strong sermon, calling upon his congre
gation to live honest, truthful, upright
lives, to never fear to do the right, and
to never stoop to wrong, no matter what
the circumstances or temptations.
When he closed a hush of approval
came over the congregation, which was
followed by words of commendation from
one to another, while many went to the
pulpit to shake their pastor by the hand
and congratulate him on his sermon.
The detectives patiently waited, and
when the pastor left the church he was
shown a warrant for his arrest charging
him with forgery, and was taken Into
custody. He was silent, and consented
to go to Sandwich for trial without the
Issuance of extradition papers. He ls now
there waiting for the action of the Grand
Jury.
Christians, they believe the flrst, but
put aside the second, eating, as impos
sible to produce any such effects.
What was the forbidden fruit? It
was fruit of the ground. What is the
bidden fruit? It is fruit of corn and
Juice of grape. Both nothing yet one
caused great things. May not the other
cause greater? The sequence of the one
eating was not known; the sequence of
the other may not be known in its full
ness. Yet it may be believed to be far,
infinitely far, greater.
A child and the highest angel can un
derstand that by eating a poison one is
ill. by eating an antidote one is cured.
Yet the highest angel could not under
stand the depths of either eating.
Are we, therefore, to wait for that un
derstanding? We ate in Adam In dis
trust, let us eat In trust. Let even
curiosity lead us to do so. "We are bid
den. Why not try It?
•This appears to be an oversight. See Gene
sis. x:B— "And Cush begat Nlmrod."
The Seychelles are a group of small Islands
In th» Indian Ocean belonging to Great Britain,
east of Zanzibar. Mahe is the largest Island
of the group. The principal port is Victoria;
population about 16,000. The principal exports
are coeoanut oil and vanilla.
j.ats as a Cvire for Baldness.
Now It has been discovered that rats
may be useful to man as a cure for bald
ness. This ls on the authority of the
British Medical Journal, which prints a
letter from a Chinese doctor, who offers
to prevent hair from falling out: He
says:
"What a carrot Is to a horse's coat a
rat is to the human hair. Neither fact
can be explained, but every horseman
knows that a regimen of carrots will
make his stud smooth and lustrous as
velvet, and the Chinese, especially the
women, know that rats used as food stop
the falling out of hair and make the locks
soft, silky and beautiful. I have seen lt
tried many times."
' y-' — ■ ♦ ■
• "Do you make your wife an allowance
for household expenses?" asked the talk
ative one.
The taciturn one drew himself up
haughtily.
"You forget, sir," he said, "that I am a
French nobleman married to an American
Chicago Post.
<mMYSTERIES OF CHINESE MEDICINE
T T Is appointed unto all men to die
I once, but even the stolid Chinaman is
1 not in : any hurry. One of the Chinese
id 1 'hinaman is
: ■
( converts, a girl who had been res-
JL cued, educated and married to a laun
dryman, was taken ill. She had no
idea of burning punk or even of prepar
ing a sweet smelling feast for the gods,
but she did want to go to a Chinese
doctor. "White man him he read book;
no learn cure In book."
So Ah Suey determined to go to a real
sure enough doctor who would give her
medicine as strong as her illness.
She did not think it quite au fait to go
on tho street by herself, so she asked me
to "come 'long" in the pretty Chinese
way.
Dr. Wang VI Fat, or translated. Dr. All
Healing Light, has an offlce on Chinese
street, as they call Sacramento street.
At the foot of the stairs a big brass sign
announced ln Chinese that the doctor ln
Ills "exclusive longevity hall" could pre
scribe 600 medicines truly Imported from
the "Antor," and knew how to cure 400
different diseases.
Friends were told to walk In, but others
must ring the bell and. wait. The doctor
quickly opened the door and bowing low
asked us to enter. ,
The room was like my companion— a
mixture of Chinese and American.
We were shown Into tiny consulting
room by a young American woman. Ah
Suey solemnly sat down before the more
solemn ■■tor. Neither spoke as she
C. daced her bared arm on a small satin
cushion.
This Is the first step In a Chinese diag
nosis nd has been In use In the Flowery
Kingdom for the last 5000 years. Even
the. manner of turning the hand twice be
fore icing the fingers on the pulse is
all laid down ln tradition by the man
who for thirty days drank the dew from
haml>oo trees to call the genie, who ap
peared and gave him on the pot a per
fect knowledge of all diseases.
I>r. VI placed his four lingers on Buey's
pulse and moved them as In playing a
flute. Five minutes of this linger manipu
lation was devoted to her arms, the doc
tor all the time gazing thoughtfully at
the point of his embroidered shoe, while
Suey kept her eyes fixed solemnly on
space.
At length he broke the silence. "Your
most noble and illustrious disease pro
ceeds from a disturbance of the equilib
rium of the vital spirits. The Igneous
principle, too long fed by the excessive
heat, has ended by exceeding beyond all
measure the proper bounds assigned to it.
A fire 'has been kindled in the sublime
organization of your body. if you have
not (fended a god the medicine I pre
scribe will cure you. If you have offended
a god, no medicine will be able to tako
effect."
lie turned to his desk and covered a
sheet of paper the size of one legal cap
with hieroglyphic* and handed lt to Suey.
Both rose to their feet and bowed low.
*Then ley looked at her prescription, and
pointing to one of. the Ingredients with a
1 linger *>f scorn sin- said -
* "Too much money— take it out."
The doctor. replied: "But most glorious,
most beautiful one, your sublime organ
ization is unbalanced; you may go to the
homo of the illustrious, industrious ' an
cestors." ■,:■ - ■;-- — :** ■ ■■■«*]
"Must some time go," answered Suey.
"Maybe now, maybe then. No waste
money, cut it out."
Dr. Vi sighed and shook his head, many
times, but cut out the Item Suey pointed
out. Then she read it over and one other
Item was cut out by the reluctant doctor.
He told her that his father and his broth
ers and his ancestors back for 800 years
had cured and healed. Did she think ha
could mistake? ■ V".
"You all light. No spend so much
money."
The learned doctor told her even his
mother and* his grandmother had been
doctors and had prescribed for many
women and children in China.
Even when be showed .her his mother's
picture in her flowing robes Suey would
rot relent.
* All at once Suey put out her little brown
hand, saying, "Sing Sing,"- and Dr. VI
took it In his with the most graceful bow.
He likewise said "Sing Sing." ..yy.
Then he took off the basket "cosey" of
his teapot and we each had a little green
cup of tea, and everything was lovely.
' When we were going out I turned to the
doctor, end wanting to be polite, I said.
"May your business prosper." Putting
both of his hands over his stomach he
bowed to a right angle and replied in Chi
nese. "May you never come again."
When we wore' at the foot. of the stairs
Suey began to laugh merrily and told me
Daring Red Coats of the Northwest.
« * Thrilling True Stories of a Tiny Force of 750 Big, Fearless o
0 * Fellows Wr*)o Control a Territory Nearly as Large as Europe. ®
Special to The Sunday Call.
A TINY force of 760 men, the
Northwestern Mounted Police of
Canada, guards and controls a
territory nearly as large as the
whole of Europe. They are big.
powerful men physically, most of them of
sturdy Scotch or Irish extraction, and the
moral force of the brilliant red tunic
which they wear is a minor revelation of
the method by which the tiny British
Isles govern an empire. Although there
are thousands of Indians, and half-breeds
more dangerous than Indians, and rough,
reckless miners, and outlaws, in their do
main, they ride the plains and climb the
mountains and keep the peace of the
third of a continent.
In 1873, 150 men were sent to Manitoba
from Eastern Canada. That was the be
ginning of the Northwestern Mounted Po
lice. During Riel's rebellion they num
bored 1,000. At present there are in the
Northwest Territories 648; in the Yu
kon, 184.
There are three divisions, each with
headquarters near the United States line.
Each division has outposts, with from
two to ten men each. It has also a
Superintendent and two Inspectors.
Above them are the Commissioner and
Assistant Commissioner. Two extra In
spectors act respectively as paymaster
and quartermaster for the whole .force.
Pay is not munificent. The Commis
sioner gets $2,600 a year, his assistant
$1,600, superintendents $1,400, inspectors,
surgeons and veterinary surgeons $1,000
each, petty officers from $2 to 85 cents a
day, and constables-the title of enlisted
men— so to 75 cents a day.
Full dress uniform is a scarlet tunic
with yellow facings, blue, cloth breeches
with yellow Btrlpsfl*. yiUft fcaJjn£t_j»*_K
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1809.
Chinese Physician
RECEIVING HIS PATIENTS
that T Instilled the doctor most outrage
ously by wishing his business to prosper,
for it is equivalent to tolling him he is an
evil one. for only an evil one would want
(i doctor's or a druggist's or an under
taker's business to prosper.
The old man was but kind when he
wi*hed 1 might never come again, and of
course he krew 1 knew he did not moan it.
' The Chinese druggist's shop, where we
went to have the medicine prepared, was
airy boots and cavalry overcoat. For
winter they .have fur coats and mocca
sins. A serviceable khaki uniform and
cowboy hat v. : used for" rough work on
the prairie in summer. » , .'
The mission of these scarlet-coated
guardians is peace, litre are illustra
tions; they perhaps picture the method. -
TWO MEN AGAINST A' HUNDRED IN
DIANS.
When Piapot, restless, quarrelsome,
drink-doving. and his . swarthy, hawk
faced following, spread their circle of
smoke-tanned tepees near the construc
tion line of the Canadian Pacific Railway
beyond Swift Current, th.ere was inaugur
ated the preliminary of a massacre, or
whatever form ef entertainment the brain
of Piapot might devise.
Then the railway management sent a
remonstrance to the powers. The lieuten
ant-governor, issued, an order; and two
policemen rode forth carrying her Majes
ty's commands. .Not a brigade, nor a
troop; the officer bearing the written or
der was but a sergeant. With him was
one constable; that was the force that
was to move this turbulent tribe from
good hunting ground to a secluded spot
miles away. . ',-'yi ,->r.v
Piapot refused to move. The sergeant
calmly gave him fifteen minutes ln which
to begin striking camp. Result, fifteen
minutes of abuse. The Indians screamed
defiance at the sergeant, and: fired- their
guns under the charger's nose as they
circled about him In their pony spirit
war-dance. <.-.'■'•
When the fifteen minutes were up, the
sergeant throw, his picket line to the con
stable, dismounted, walked over to Chief
Plapot's tepee and calmly knocked the
key-polo out. All the warriors rushed for
their guns, and one of the biggest bluffs
on record was played by the redskin.
But the sergeant continued methodical
ly knocking key-poles out, and Plapot
&2J5 L Hia... j__a £a_aj*..,& must
one of the best in town.' The druggist is a
man of much prominence in his district.
He knew Suey, and we had a cup of tea
before we began business. He said most
politely it was a great pleasure for him
to be able to speak with mo, that he was
much honored. The druggist said it was
a tonic thai Dr. Vi had ordered for Suey,
but it was a pity she had refused to have
the "iing-poi -you-y-tan" put In. It is the
supernatural treasure for all desires In
either kill the sergeant— stick his knife in
' the heart of the whole British nation —
or give vp and move away.
He chose the latter course, for Piapot
* had brains.
SITTING BULL OUTWITTED.
After the killing of Custer, Sitting Bull
became a more or less orderly tenant of
her Majesty the Queen. With 900 lodges
he camped at Wood Mountain, just over
the border from Montana. An arrow's
flight away was the Northwestern Mount
ed Police post. One* morning the police
found six dead Saltaux Indians, scalped
In approved Sioux fashion. A seventh
Saltaux, still alive, had seen the killing.
The police burled the dead Indians and
took the living one to their post.
With characteristic cheek, Sitting Bull
came, accompanied by chiefs and war
riors, to demand the seventh Saltaux. In
Wood Mountain there were 20 policemen
backing Sergeant McDonald. With the
chief there were at least 500 warriors.
Sitting Bull throw his squat figure from
his pony and thrust the muzzle of his gun
into. Sergeant McDonald's stomach. Mc-
Donald was typical of the force. He
pushed the gun- to one side and told the
chiefs to step inside the gate, stack their
arms and come insid* the shack for a
pow-wow. - _. .
They" demurred; the sergeant was firm.
Outside, it was play day in- Bedlam. The
young bucks rode and whooped and fired
their guns. ;-7*.'.:77 : i-'.i. - -
"Send your men away," said the ser
geant to Sitting Bull. Sitting Bull de
murred.
. "Send them away!" \ repeated : the ser
geant, "If you have authority." ,
Sitting Bull and his chiefs made toward
the door, but there were Interruptions—
red-coated objections. - And outside ln the
yard the chief's. rifles were stacked.
Sitting Bull, like Piapot, had brains.
The bucks were sent away. '■ Then t the
.scry.*.*.. pet_oiad«d . th* chiefs - try Ue^9
English, and a true panacea for all ills,
according to the dose and the manner of
taking.
The medicine consisted of tiny red pills
with 1 a strong odor of musk. They are
made by one family ln China, who alone
possess the secret of their composition.
Their .manufacture has made the family
famous. and rich for hundreds of years,
but no blasphemous analytical chemist
has ever attempted to solve the mystery
of their Ingredients. It would be most
affronting to the god who first gave the
secret to its possessor's ancestor. But
the little red pills are expensive, and
Suey, who says she has to die some time,
anyhow, would not waste any precious
gold on them, for they are one of a num
ber of medicines which must be paid for
by an equal weight In gold. The medicine
is put in one scale and the pure gold must
balance the weight of the pills; so they
are literally worth their weight ln gold.
. The druggist laid the prescription on the
counter and with a long wooden block ran
over the items and laid a large square
of paper on the counter in which to place
the Ingredients. Two other men were
making prescriptions for customers, tak
ing the herbs from the drawers which
lined the wall back of the counter. There
were ninety drawers in one square, and
over and below were thirty more, all un
labeled, but the mixers of medicine never
hesitated •as to which drawer they
wanted.
There : were plenty of customers, and
two men were. busy cutting up the roots
and what seemed like dried vegetables
into thin, attractive wafers.
Over the door to a small private office
was a sign in black letters on red paper,
"Step Inside to look at the ginseng." Be
side the sign was another, "Cinnamon is
kept here." I asked why the ginseng and
cinnamon were kept in the other room,
and was told it is because they are so
valuable.' Like the little red "supernat
ural treasures," ginseng and the clnna
man bark ' which Chinese druggists use
are worth their weight ln gold.
The druggist was putting up the pre
scription and Suey asked him to tell us
what each thing was and what it was for.
First he counted out ten dried bad
smelling bits of gristle,- which he said were
the sinews of deer. Deer are very fleet
of foot and never are tired, so for the
"tired feeling" the sinews were a remedy.
Then he put ln a handful of reddish
brown pressed leaves. They are the leaves
of the Haw Show Woo tree and are to
make one feel young again. The flrst
Haw Show Woo tree was a gift of the
gods thousands of years ago.
Chinese herbs usually have some legend
connected with them to illustrate their
virtues, and this is the story connected
with the "Haw" herb: Haw Show Woo
was a very good, very devout and very
old man. One day *he was accused of
stealing the affections of his brother's
wife and was sent to" prison for trial. He
became very hungry and prayed to the
gods as became a man of his great piety.
During the night a bush sprang up
through the floor of his dungeon, and in
the morning the famished man ate the
leaves. Days went by while he was wait
ing for his trial and he continued to piece
out his scanty diet with the leaves of the
bush. When he was taken into court for
trial the officers exclaimed: "This is not
the man who was arrested and confined
ln the cell. The culprit is an old man;
this is a young man." »
Sure enough Haw had become a young
man to all appearances again.
They investigated the case anyhow and
discovered that Haw was innocent all the
while.
Before taking the shackles off the pris
oner ' ey asked him if he was really Haw.
"** __," he replied.
' xhen tell us about this wonderful
change in your appearance." So Haw told
him the story of the little plant that had
grown up in his cell and how he had eaten
the leaves.
The.offlcials dug up the shrub and pre
sented it to the Emperor. His family for
many years was the only one that had the
privilege of eating the sacred leaves. But
as time passed slips were cut from it and
sent through the kingdom, and now the
commonest coolie may eat of the wonder
further— mainly by force of the red-coated
arguments he had brought to bear. "Tar
ry here, my brothers," he said, "until
I send Constable Collins and two others
of my men to arrest the murderers. The
Saltaux are subjects of the Queen. We
cannot allow them to be killed for the
fun of the thing."
ADVENTURE OF BIG JACK COLLINS.
Then big Jack Collins— wild Irishman
and all the rest of It— went over, to the
Sio^c camp and arrested three. The
buc,s jostled and shoved them, fired pis
tols over their heads, but big Jack and
his comrades hung on to their prisoners
and worked their way to the post, with'
no sign of annoyance until a big buck
spat In Collins' face. .
A big mutton-leg fist shot out, and the
Sioux lay like a crushed moccasin at
Jack's feet. 'Take that, ye black baste!"
he hissed between clenched teeth; "an'
ye've, .made me disobey orders, ye foul
fiend!"
. Then-he marched his prisoners into the
post and reported himself for misconduct
in striking an Indian.
Now a little as to the physique of the
Northwestern mounted police. In height
their average is 5 feet 9 Inches, with a
chest measurement of 38 Inches. Men
and horses are subjected to a most
searching medical examination before be
ing taken on. The regulations of enlist
ment, are framed, Indeed, "to make it a
most difficult force to get into and an
easy one to get out of.". Result, a fine
body of contented men and few deser
tions.- .-.*.■ -
During the Rlel rebellion the police were
always at the front. It was iat the tak
ing of.Batoche that Jack French, a big
hard -flghtjng Irishman, inspector of po
lice, became Immortal. After a hot scrim
mage a wounded policeman was left on
the field. Jack French saw : him and
shouted ln a brogue with the music of an
organ la it: •"'What ar* you doln' there.
- . ... .. . • .. :*•- -- y . - -...■".•.
ful Haw plant and renew his youth If he
possesses enough money.
Besides these Haw leaves the druggist
put in some powdered bone of the elk.
The elk has strong bones and the horn is,
as it were, the cream of all his bones.
So powdered elk's horns will take away
the ache In one's bones.
Then there were two dried lizards,
which the druggist cut in half with a long
scissors before he threw them in. Lizards
are agile and quick and active ln their
movements, bo they are good to cure that
disinclination to wake up and go to work.
The livelier the lizard the more agility
you acquire by drinking a broth of him.
Then there were cucumber seeds and
watermelon seeds, because every one
knows how- cooling are watermelons and
cucumbers. They are to combat the "ig
neous element" and make lt retire to its
proper sphere. K3B
A handful of big brown beetles was
added to make Suey Increase in beauty
or to take on more fat. The beetles are
fat and soft themselves, so increase those
attributes in her who eats them.
A handful of spiders went in. Spiders
are hungry. They eat and never have
enough; so spiders help to create an ap
petite and make everything taste, good,
even in a boarding-house.
11,- added the last Ingredient, a handful
of wafers which looked and smelled like
parsnip, but which he called wang tslng,
or bright slave.
While we had been talking a messenger
brought In a stick of wood shaped like a
knife. The handle part was red and on
the blade were some black characters.
He said it was a notice for him to attend
a meeting of his company. He tied up
the parcel, about six inches square,
tucked the folded prescription into the
grass string with which he tied up the
bundle, leaving a loop to carry. It by.
Then Suey asked him for something
else and he consulted his book of pre
scriptions. He made up another much
smaller prescription, but did not tell us
what went Into it. When we had said
"Sing Sing" and were on the street Suey
told me she had asked him to give her
something to make her hair stop falling
out. I was sure that I had 'seen some
Cook.?" "I'm wounded," came back a
faint call.
"It's mesilf'll carry you, thin!" and
down he marched, whistling, though two
bullets cut the skirts of his tunic. - • v: ;
"They're gettin' pretty close now," mut
tered Jack; but he was only a few feet
from Cook.
. May it be remembered to the credit of
the half-bpeed rebels that, when they re
alized what French's mission was they
ceased fire. And when he swung his com
rade upon his broad shoulders and start
ed home with him a cheer ran along the
whole rebel line.
He brought Cook ln safe and then went
back to the fighting. His reward was net'
the • Victoria Cross, for ln half an hour
he was dead. Cook still lives. He is in
tho Government employ. " ~ —'—■•*-—
dried rats go Into the prescription, and
Suey said I was right but not to say
anything about rats before a Chinaman
because he does not like It. I asked her
If she did not think the dose would be
bard to take.
"Not so bad as sickness," she an
swered. "Bad devils not like bad devils
go way." Which meant she could stand
it, but the bad devils of sickness could
not and would go away and let the melon
and cucumber seeds do their work and
bring harmony in her "sublime organiza
tion.
■ Suey was to pour four bowls of water
over the medicines and boll them. When
the four measures of water had been
boiled down to one measure, about two
teacupsful, she was to drink it as hot
and as quickly as she could.
She was quite sure she would soon be
well, and I agreed with her when she
quoted to me the proverb, "While the
medicine works the patient Is under the
care of the most high one."
She told me another proverb the Chi
nese have which says, "A doctor has the
heart to cut flesh off his own thigh to
give to his patient, but never the heart
to deceive him.". That would be quite
as true in English as Chinese.
Suey had been charged to bring home
sundry articles for her neighbors, and
as the parcels of medicine were large I
suggested to her to leave them in the
first shop she entered, as eh© wanted to
go Into several.
She looked her horror at my ignorance
and then explained that around the rest
ing-place of medicine all the devils of
illness lurked, and any man would very
much dislike her to leave such a com
pany in his shop to destroy him and his
business. HELEN GREY.
■ * ■
"It was my good fortune that my an
cestors came over in the Mayflower,' said
Miss South Church.
"May flour," replied Miss Hennepin,
who did not quite understand. "Our folks
made their fortune In September wheat."
—Detroit Free Press.
The nests of the termites, or white ant,
are, proportioned to the size and weight
of the builders, the greatest structures in
the world.
2122
THE LOOTING OF THE CONVOY
HOPE rrz> the last a bad -w=>T "
INHERE are some things." said the captain, "which a soldier may
value even more than life Itself, and one of them Is the discharge
to the very letter of the trust which has been reposed in him by a
superior officer."
The subaltern rolled a fresh cigarette with his fingers and stuck
it between his teeth at an angle -which made it like a tiny flagstaff.
"You haven't been In charge of a convoy before, have you*?"
asked, 'lie subaltern.
"No." responded Malcolm, "and that's why I feel the responsibility
and honor of It BO keenly. You know that the very greatest care Is shown
in choosing officers for the command of the convoys down the pass; and
I am very proud. Indeed, at the confidence which the general has reposd
ln me."
"Sort of makes you feel a man," said Duncan. "I know the sensation—
I had it when I first appeared in my kilt. 1 thought the heart of the world
stood still for the occasion."
"Don't be Idiotic, Duncan." said the captain, shortly.
"It's gospel, or I shouldn't mention it to you, especially as you're such
a one for facts. I'm sure that our own sensations now are equal to what
my own were when, as I say, i first appeared In — "
"Really." interrupted the senior. Impatiently, "you do at times make
the most absurd comparisons."
"But it's honorable it's the tartan." protested Duncan, greatly enjoy
ing this unexpected chance of exasperating his dearest friend. "I.ord"' he
added, with mock may. "You don't mean to say you're turning traitor
to the cause of the kilt and the bonnet?"
"I never suggested .<.** said the captain, in great haste, and very grave
ly. He was a sober, steady Scotchman of strong Presbyterian tendencies,
and held such levity as Duncan's in horror.
"Why." continued Duncan, "you'll be false to the nickname and the
march next. What should we be without our 'Dirty Knees' and 'Come to
me, and I will give you flesh'? You might as well put us Into trousers at
once."
"You willfully misunderstand me." said Malcolm. "No man believes
more In the regiment and its traditions and rights than i do, and no ma
tries mere to uphold them."
Duncan gave a shout of laughter, which rang down the pass. "How
easy lt is to rag you," he said. "And what a temptation! Who could stand
against It?"
"Silence there, ordered the captain, as the men's laugh rang our also.
They had no clear perception of what they were amused at, but the sub
altern seemed to be tickled, and being very sympathetic they rejoiced wit!*
him.
A color sergeant of the party, who had laughed louder than any one
of the rest, on the strength of being a remote member of the subaltern's
clan, became wooden-visa ged on hearing the captain's order, and repeated
it with the additional request that the men should stop their ".'.aft blether"
generally. --
"You are demoralizing the convoy," said the captain, severely. "This
ls hardly the place for joking. We're In the land of the enemy, and no
man knows when ho may be out off. I wonder how people can laugh and
make fun in those gloomy hills. It isn't in keeping with the spirit of the
place."
"By Jove," grumbled the somewhat subdued subaltern, "it would be a
dreary region if we couldn't venture on a Joke sometimes. Those who
brought you up didn't give you much elastic on the Sabbath."
The captain marched on in dignified silence, scorning to take notice of
Duncan's method of expressing himself, and for some time the kilts
swayed monotonously, and brown, hare knees pooped out from them as
the men toiled along the narrow, dangerous mountain pathway.
"We are." said the captain' after a pause, "in a region which may be
said to be alive with danger. We are in an out-of-the-way spot in a very
dangerous pas*, and liable at any time to attack from a strong, relentless
tribe. A convoy like this, remember. Is worth much in the way of loot to
th" hillmen, carrying, as we do. stores and ammunition. It was about here
that a cor.-. of laden mules under a British officer, escorted by only a
dozen native soldiers, was cut to pieces. Every soldier and muleteer was
put to the knife, and the officer, rather than run for it and save his own
life, as he could have done, died fighting and trying to protect the wound
ed. You remember the incident?"
The subaltern nodded. "It seems to me." he said, "that the chap
oughtn't to have been sent with a mere handful of men on an errand like
that— the men natives, too. Now, If they'd been a dozen of Ous—"
"It would have been better." Malcolm interrupted, graciously; "but the
natives fought like men to the end."
"1 wonder what would happen if we were put in the same boat?" said
Duncan, questioning!*-.
"The same thing." replied the captain. ,
"Meaning*""" queried the subaltern,
"That if we were attacked we should stand by the stores and ammu
nition."
"And each other?"
"That ewa without saying."
"You're a proper one for going baldheaded for duty." said Duncan, ad
miringly. "You couldn't make It clearer to a fellow if you put a nail In his
head and hammered it."
"That would let sense out. instead of driving lt In," rejoined the cap
tain, almost with a laugh. "But." he added, repressing any suspicion of
levity, "this is no place for merriment.. Don't these hills remind you of the
Highlands?"
"They're quite as dismal, If that's what you mean," said the subaltern
"And they've got another resemblance— they're Infested by clansmen i
suppose that when we've quite civilized them they'll swarm with illicit
whisky stills."
There was a gruff laugh from the rear of the officers, a laugh which
showed that the conversation was being followed with admiring attention
by the sergeant and the men.
"More than one of these fellows have been there, evidently," continued
the subaltern In a low voice, regardless of Malcolm's reproving look. "And
still would go, T suppose. I'll warrant a few of them would like to under
take a bit of good missionary work of that sort. Why not? There are
worse things than the barley bree. And think, as a good Scot of the
profit of it." 7:.yyyy
As be spoke they got out of the foot of the pass and emerged In a
straggling little column, upon a small plain.
The last mule had left the shelter of the rocky path, and every animal
and man was In the open, when a shot was heard, and looking at the Side
of the hill at his right, the captain saw a puff of smoke. The little cloud
rose as bo gaze.', a cloud In which he saw a tiny tongue of fire A second
later he heard the crack of the jezall.
"Ah!" exclaimed Malcolm.
"Loot!" said the subaltern. "That's the meaning of it. And this in
view of the fact that only a week ago two hiilmen were hanged for at
tacking an escort. J.t shows how little they care for the moral of lessons
even when they're taught by the British army. Now I've done chattering'
Command me." * . • uer ''*' ''
"You shall hive the 'post of honor," said the captain, ouicklv but
coolly. •'Take Mill and half the men to the rear and cover the oonv.<
Keep well In the middle of the plain. And whatever you do. see ' that ™
ammunition is left, or any wounded. If any of us are'killed-then it c.n.
matter." "■" l
The subaltern. Color Sergeant Mill, and half the small force hurried
smartly to the rear, and the muleteers thrashed their hardy iit.il
beasts on. ■* ''"-"-'<*•
Meanwhile, shots rang from the hills on each side of the convoy Th„.
were few and scattered at first, and came from unseen marksmen b?A
boon there was a rousing rattle In the valley, and a ceaseless fusillade
A mule laden with stores, near the head of the convoy, was shot h.'
slug through the forelegs. He stumbled and rolled over*, then strusTri. *
upon his knees and rolled over again. ' v*"*u *"* & le a
.'Leave him!" shouted Malcolm, "and never mind the stores"
A moment later another mule went down, shot through the head Tht
carried ammunition, and in obedience to Malcolm's orders the burden ™ J
transferred to another animal similarly laden. . 3
"Push on ahead there!" shouted the captain, but the muleteers reoulr«H
no goading. They knew what fate awaited them if they fell Into the hand*
of the enemy. "«-nas
"Don't waste a shot." cried Malcolm, as his own men. follow-In* *..__
lead of the rear guard, blazed at the spurts of fire among the rocks
A private near him gave a loud cry and fell upon his face. The can_»»
raised his head and saw that a bullet had entered the brain "-^-Ptain
"Push on!" he shouted, letting the poor clay fall, and with a or*..
pity surging up within him, "Remember that we are only three mil*/!?'
the camp. Push on!" .-...' :-. * • . ««ies off.
Hi-/ SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
The mules trotted on across the plain, and the men kept well along
side. Duncan.. the color sergeant, and the rest of the rear guard followed
rather more slowly.
"Push on!" was the commander's order.- and the stern necessity of
obeying it was borne upon those who remained unhurt. Bullets pinged
about the convoy and knocked down here and there a man or beast. If
the soldier lived he was put upon a mule; if dead, they left him where' he
fell, though Malcolm, knowing what must follow from the hlllmen's
knives, yearned as much to carry them with him as If they still had
breath. If the mule carried stores, both were left, but ammunition was
transferred, ln obedience to the captain's will. Come what may. Malcolm
vowed that such a deadly aid should not fall into the power of the enemy.
Every bullet might mean a countryman's life later, for he. knew, as well
as his people knew, that among the clans were those who had the guns
for which these very cartridges were made.
"Push on!" he cried once more, casting an anxious look to see how
Duncan and the rear guard fared. So far as he could tell the subaltern,
the color sergeant and the men were yet uninjured, or at any rate not so
severely wounded that they could not fight and retire together.
A bullet struck the captain in the ankle. "Push on, men!" he cried, con
quering his pain and hobbling over the rough and rocky ground.
Another shot laid a muleteer at his feet. "He's dead or 1 wouldn't
leave him." he shouted, for the encouragement of the rest. "Push on, and
through the little pass there before the'hlllmen cut us off. God helps those
who help themselves, and we can get over the ground faster than they
can."
"I've toppled an ugly nigger over, sir," said a bronzed, sturdy -private
named Gladwin, who had halted for an instant to fire a shot. "He came
a mucker from a ledge a hundred feet up. He'll shoot slugs no more."
"Pot as hard as you like when the chance comes," said Malcolm; "but
don't forget what.we've to do. Push on!"
"It's a rum sort of order, an' not In the drill book." said Gladwin to a
comrade. "Rut even the very mules seem to understand it. Push on—
yes. by George, we'll have to, If the niggers all get along like that. I_ook!"
He pointed to a narrow, straight ledge of rock, along which a line of
men was gliding. The first, was already preparing to descend at a point
which would enable him to reach the ground and get in front of the con
voy before it entered the narrow gorge loading to the vale beyond, in which
the headquarters camp was pitched. '-.7 .'.'...:"'
"Push on!" shouted the captain, "before he gets to the ground and the
others follow."
"I knew a good trick, sir, if you'll let me stop a bit an' play it," said
Private Gladwin.
"What is It?" demanded Malcolm, hobbling on. "Get ahead there!
Don't stop, at your peril!"
"This, sir." shouted Gladwin, exultantly: "but ■ T want another rifle
to do it properly. The player of this game has to be sort of fed."
He crouched behind a little loose rock near him, and sheltering him
self carefully, presented his rifle deliberately at- the leading hillman and
tire,!. 7 _■'... .
The target toppled over and bounded down the hillside.
Gladwin's rifle cracked again, and the bullet claimed Its man. A third
hissed from the muzzle, and the unerring marksman brought his quarry'
down.
"I'm a proper sort of rear guard for you." shouted Gladwin. "Can yon
trust yourself to shove on, sir. an ' leave 'em to me till Mr. Duncan
comes up?"
By wry of answer the captain roared, "Push on. we're cur. to do It
now. They'll never live on that ledge. You, Mark, and I will lie down with
Gladwin and shoot them as they run."
"It's a jolly game of pick and choose," said Gladwin. "This i. where
the magazine comes in handy. Crumbs! They're firm' like a pepper cas
ter' 'Watch!"
He put his helmet on his bayonet point and stuck It cautiously above
th" rock. Instantly a little shower of bullets flattened themselves against
the stone. The helmet was riddled and the hackle was shot away. "That's
a trophy to show." said Gladwin, laughingly. "Only even mv head Isn't
thick enough to make anybody believe that I wore it when the shots
tamo."
"Keep under -shelter." cried Malcolm, warnlngly,
"We've ragged 'cm, It's true," said Gladwin. "Load's cheap to-day."
He presented cautiously, and picked another man off. ' •
"Thai settled 'cm— they've turn* d tall! Hooray!"
He jumped up and blazed at the line, which was now hurrying hack
to be--. shelter, and abandoning the attempt to annihilate the head of
the convoy and Intercept the passage to he camp.
Th" head of the convoy staggered on toward the mouth of the gorge
and hurried through it Into the vale beyond.
A tall Highlander, one Maxwell' heaved it. and took unto himself the
command. "You rush on to camp, thin [un— you ought to he able to cut It
judging from the way you've legged it so far— an' tell 'em we want a troop'
o' cavalry."
He addressed a dazed muleteer, and. so that the man might collect his
wits, struck him with a groat fist in. the back and sent him reeling over
the tin In the right direction.
"Push en'" roared the Highlander. "Captain's orders!"
In a sort of frenzy he seized each muleteer as he emerged from the
gorge and smote him as he had smitten the (.first, who was now tearing
toward the still, white tents, feeling very much more comfortable than he
had bee,, when under fire. By way of further encouragement Maxwell
gave rpoh passing mule a resounding slap*. .;-.'*
There was a break in the progress of the convoy. Maxwell's vigor hav
ing got the head in advance of the tail. He turned back into the gorge to
hurry on and help the rear, and as he did so the last of the string of hill
men -that Gladwin had shot rolled down to his feet.
"That settles the ledge dodge!" he exclaimed. "I hope it's the last ef
.->. bad lot— the murdering, looting thieves!"
He looked up the hillside and saw that tho line of demoralized dans
men had turned and was hurrying back to Join In a last desperate assault
upon I lie rear guard.
"Head party safely through, sir." reported Maxwell. "I'll go' and help
to get the tail on." ' .
He dashed toward the rear as If he might have been taking part in
some exhilarating game, and did with the muleteers and mules there as
he had done with those who wore now on the safe side of the valley
"A queer show, upon my word!" said Duncan, with a laugh, as Maxwell
thumped the beasts and the drivers. "I'll give you the finest bottle of
Scotch you over tasted when wo get out of this."
"That's something to work for!" shouted Maxwell, "Here, laddie no
living men are going to be left behind while Donald Maxwell stands on
two undamaged logs!"
He seized a comrade who had been shot in the leg and had stumbled
hoisted him upon his broad shoulders and began to walk off with him.
Feyshad:An Oriental Story of the Mirage and the
Lesson It Taught a Foolish Merchant
BY li. DE VERB STACPOOLE.
I.
f j \HE slave Aziyade told the Caliph this:
I The merchant Feyshad. Siro. in a journey across the desert, fell
Till-' slave day from the caravan with which he traveled, and. caus-
The merchant Feyshad. Sire, in a Journey across the desert, fell
apart one day from tbe caravan with which he trai-eled. and. caus
| ing his camel to kneel, he dismounted tor the purpose of counting the
**■ emeralds and rubies In the sack which he wore at his belt.
In this sack there were balas rubies of the color of a white
mouse's eye, and emeralds colored like the grass after rain, and. also.
there were green sapphires and sapphires of cornflower blue, and sapphire
colored like the Bosphorus on a windless day; and pearls, Sire, some black
and bean-shaped like the thumb of an Ethiopian woman, and some like a
woman's little teeth, and. some that blushed rose red. as if at the thought
of their own beauty. ?'.-"- ;.'*' ■'.■ '
So lost was the merchant In contemplation of his treasures that he did
not notice Sleep, who, passing by on his gray mule, cast a handful of
poppy seeds on the head of Feyshad, and then rode on, laughing, with eyes
half closed, in the track of the vanishing caravan. Feyshad had slept
scarcely an hour. Sire, when, awaking, he glanced around and found him
self alone. His camel had forsaken him, and over all the yellow desert
burning beneath the noonday sun there was no trace of life, save the
bleachingbones that here and there marked the road of the caravans. . •
He turned to the east and to the west, to the north and to the south,
and nothing did he see but the sands running"*to a rim against the sky]
save in the east, where a sand devil danced upon the plain, making move
ments as if in derision of Feyshad. "■:. .."7;
"Alas!" cried the unhappy merchant as he tore his beard. "Fool that I
am: That 1 might count my treasure in safety I withdrew me from the
caravan, where was my real safety. I thirst, but where shall I find water
here? The sun consumes me, but where shall I find shade?" Then he
ceased for fear of his own voice, which sounded strange in that echoless
desert, and sitting with his eye fixed upon the sand devil, which was now
dancing into the west, he gave himself to despair, till suddenly. Sire he
was startled by a voice from behind, crying:
"Feyshad! "
. The merchant. Sire, turned, and to his astonishment he saw before him
at twenty paces distant, an Arab veiled in white and seated upon an ass '
• ' At this sight a great horror fell upon the soul of Fevshad, for but' a
moment before, he had been alone seated amid the vastness of the desert
Nor did his horror grow less when he beheld the thing before him cease
lessly»changlng form as It spoke, yet speaking always In the same voice
Now, it was an Arab seated upon an ass; now, a woman naked and be
striding a lion; it would shrink now to an ape seated upon a dog and now
it would swell to the form of a stout man upon a camel.
And Ho- form cried to him, saying: "i-'eyahad, I am the Fata Morgana
the dreamer of the desert. I bring to the waste places the gho«ts of the
cities, with their mosques and towers, and the sapphire shadow of the Nile
bends at my v#ord through the heat-shaken air and past the feet of dying
men. 1 give to man the one thing real— lllusion. I am thine * »
Then Feyshad, consumed by thirst, cried out, heedless of the horror
before him: "Water, I pray you. water!"
And lo! Sire, Feyshad found himself seated ln the courtyard of his
own house in Old Cairo, and the fountain in its center played beneath the
sun, casting its diamond-bright waters to the sky, and the great acacia
planted by his father cast upon Feyshad its pleasant shadow. His thirst
had vanished at the sight of the water, nor did he notice that the fountain
was but the ghost or shade of a fountain without song or sound and that
the leaves of the acacia moved ln the breeze without a whisper. '
His tortoise crawled upon the pavement of the courtyard Throueh an
open door he saw within the house the figure of his wife like a brown
shadow against the sunlight of a window that lay beyond. She waa grind
ing coffee, but of the sound of grinding there waa none. And though Fey- '
"I double my offer. It'll be two bottles:" said Duncan, with a fierce ad
miration burning within him. "Here, give me your rifle." He ran up and
took the weapon.
By this time they were at -the rock behind which the captain. Gladwin
and Mark had sheltered. The privates were standing, but Malcolm re
wa- fw wn V 7, co /£ ee 7" ''"' - not '" ;i !: l"' n Ms wife to bring it to him. as
tv,. VvVa, i" ', I 1 1: '"' , tn ' )UKln ,)f il was sufficient to satisfy his desire even as
me thought .of the fountain water was sufficient to satisfy his thirst
th 7,7 aJ ,V ""ft' **' t happiness he sat. and as he sat thus he remembered
i. . words of th.- J' at! ' "Morgana: "Should you meet there any one you love
rXS?n S? them, though it be a league away, or though' it be but their
reflection In a mirror, at that instant all will vanish."
wife n a*.d wb/n";T U ' i ';" 1 , , the w " n s ! .° smilP,i ' for "- snad m not love his
butterfiv ''?'.'"• > ■•** Chlld entered ,}»*-« courtyard and ran In pursuit of a*
■[*'«:' with amber wings J 1 *? smiled again, for Feyshad did not love his
.7 i cbi '" ""J contentedly in th. shad, of the acacia and watched his wife
feaves the crawlln S tortoise, and the dancing water, and the waving
btium.r°.ii_n t ''l!M l l ; , hi,vo sa * tl,er „' happ * v beyond the dreams of man
out. a merchant Sire, is ever a merchant, even though he live in Paradise
baza " emly Feyshad said to himself: "I will arise and go into the
van A t o.l - ni0!I ' ent ' l l C - mi Xh ' have been seen a great wav off the eara
hpforo Vh " t0 9pek for Feyshad. and the people of the caravan beh.fd
with i.i h m ,' °7 r ag , a,nst thfi place where Fey-shad was, the city of Cairo
knlw Vt J. lln A tWS ', m . s a ves and minarets, and they laughed, for they
knew It was the work of Fata Morgana: y
III.;
K«t_T!2_ Bba & Sire, fearful of being robbed, placed his sack of jewels In -
hole beneath the fountain, for a merchant, Sire, is always fearful of rob
hers, even !n he land , of Happy Illusion; and he place,. them Tthe?e not
knowing that he was burying them in- the sand, where they would never
be found again - J And then he left what seemed to his eves th* °courtvlr_?
of his house and began to walk about upon the sands whereof Fata Mo r
gana had laid the Streets and bazaars of Cairo. ata M ' r
™«_? e «- ,iau i s f d at the ? hop ° f B1 Kobir. the goldsmith, and seizing unon a
vase of gold encrusted with turquoise, cried out. "EI Koblrfwliat ..P. . a
-But El Kobir neither drew Camber mouthpiece of his ptoe from
w^.ked r on Urned "■ head ' "° Fe >- shad Pttt thfl vase beneath Til rob? and
Then. Sire, Feyshad went to the shop of a Jew, and took a little trial .
attar of roses, and a. dagger with a ruby hilt, and an elephant of gold' »"•?£
Jeweled eyes, and a bag of sequins; and the Jew. who at that moment « th
In fact asleep In his shop in Cairo, dreamed that he was being™ohh.^- T^
he could not prevent Feyshad from taking his things. andFeS'h "'
tened home rejoicing with the sack upon his shoulder* e >sna«l. has-
Though it seemed to him that he had spent several hourc i- .„ ,
zaars, it is impossible that he could have been there longer th,- the ba **
ment. for. to his astonishment, when he entered the eourtva?.? a , mo
house his child was still in pursuit of the butterfiv with ambwwin„ nf hl 5
the tortoise he had left crawling upon the pavement had not mi„^i ngs ' and
toward Its goal, and his wife was still grinding the coffee &ained an inch
Feyshad felt a great thirst from his exertions, and the <_._-... • . ,
fountain did not allay It as before. ne sl -^ ht of the
He emptied his sack of the stolen jewels and covered the _.-_». _,
heap with leaves plucked from the acacia, and then he cried- "Vt ell, ''"'""i"'t*.
am I that I have never loved, else the sight of my wife or mv i°v,n , happy
friend. would have banished me forever from this land' where i mk, or a
all day and be happy. Now will I quench mv thirst at'the .n.int! 1 . ay rob
leaving my jewels here, return to the bazaars for more " >taln, and,
-But. Sire, the hand of Allah reaches even to the land' of tj„
sion. As Feyshad went to drink he beheld a person whom hp R I, i u -
In the clear waters of the fountain he beheld the reflctlon of his _? cd i for
fv*. own face.
At that moment. Sire, the people of the approachlnc* ra«v__ _,
phantom city, that lay before them trembling, from the SSSSfiS^ the
at Its walls to the domes that cut the sky. and then It vMi£ reM
dream, leaving naught but a black speck upon the sand .which w ■*„ v? . a
shad, v y.'v ..- *-*-*\* ..::-. ' '" ,v -" «<is _fey
. The Jewels he had hidden for safety beneath the shadow fount .in „
never found again, or the jewels he had covered with the KW
acacia. •c<xv_ a or the
And to-day. Sire, he sits at the gates of Cairo begging aims' or wan,*
through' the bazaars, gazing upon. the -Jewels: that once were **-*?&
land.of Happy- Illusion. n the
N IUST ,N " TII^EIp SANC OUT THE i-EAOETR^
malned ln his lying posture.
"Hurt?" asked Duncan, anxiously, for by this time the hillmen wet*
working fiercely up.
"A bit," responded Malcolm, bravely. He tried to rise, but fell to tha
ground, groaning, in spite of himself. "It's no use," he said, "1 can't .
walk. You'll have to leave me to take my chance. Thank God, the con
voy Is all right now."
The subaltern opened wide his eyes in anger. "Leave you!" he echoed.
"Not if you deliberately ordered it, and the men heard you; and not If ten
thousand of these blood-stained brutes came upon us. Not me! Here, wi
can't afford to leave lt— grip that!" he ordered, ln tones that left no open
ing or question.
He thrust the rifle into the captain's hand, and put a strong arm
around his waist. "Now, Just you hop as best you can on the one leg."
The captain obeyed. It was almost absurd, but they were not able Just
then te appreciate the humor of it.
"If you'll push on, sir.'' said Gladwin, "me an' the others'll keep 'em
back. We can easily do it. I never was In such fine form. This sort o"
thing's a treat, after foragin' an' guardin' lines o' communication."
"Come, wo must," said Duncan, seeing that Malcolm hesitated, and so
that the captain'might have no chance tn answer in the negative he hur
ried him over the rough ground, regardless, for the moment, even of his
wounded ankle.
"The stores will keep them back a bit," said Duncan. "See how they're'
scrambling and worrying each other to get them. They'll have a bit of
loot, after all."
"But precious little, sir." said Gladwin, reloading his magazine. "I
hear cavalry. Just listen to the poundin' o' the hoofs on the rocks. That's*
what I call music." •*•"
"Thank God!" exclaimed the captain, fervently.
"Look out!" cried Gladwin. "Give 'em a fair field."
There was a roar and rush of horsemen through the gorge and across
the plain, the glitter of sun on steel, and the shout of excited men as a
troop of lancers swept past.
"Just in time!" sang out the leader of the troop as he rushed on at
the head., waving his sword. "Thanks for giving us a chance like this."
"It'll be like playin' polo." opined Gladwin. "Lord, how they'll scatter
'em and pick 'em out of the holes with the lances! It's a time like this
that makes a chap feel that the horseman Is nearly as good as the kilted
man." - •_. ;';_'._-
He fired two or three parting shots, and then ordered his rifle with the
air of a man who had done his duty.
""We can stay here safely now," said Malcolm. "Thanks, old fellow,
I don't know that we need be ashamed of the affair. I've acted up to my
ethics."
"The affair will be hard to beat in this little war, anyhow," answered
Duncan. "But what would you have done, suppose things hadn't turned
out so well? How would you have prevented the ammunition from getting
into their hands?" > ■ v -" , : 7v7.
"I had arranged all that— l should have blown, lt up."
Duncan gazed admiringly. "And ourselves with it, I suppose?"
•Well, we should have taken the risk."
"Which la more than an Insurance office would have cared to do." said
the subaltern. "Good old ethics. But what a plan— now-, I should never
have thought of that, although, mind you, I should prefer to keep my
skin as it is; and blowing up wouldn't have allowed me."
"It's a good finish. They're coming back. Ah! I'm glad they're bring
ing our poor fellows in with them."
"They didn't give us a chance," growled the troop leader, as he rode
up "Scurried off like rabbits— wouldn't face the lances. But they got a
bit of loot. Never mind, they've paid for it. Take my saddle— l'll walk."
He dismounted and helped the unwilling and protesting Malcolm to
take his seat. •-.:._'•
They walked back, lancers and Highlanders together, and men cheered
them enthusiastically as they approached the camp.
But when they saw what lay across some of the saddles the huzzas
died away, and some of those who cheered the loudest turned their head 3
aside. 'yy yyy ?,.
•-.•.■:*- -•-« yvy, .
The 'ancient Egyptian beat his breast and loudly lamented his poverty "
for he had a call to write poetry.
"A person can't be literary these days," the unhappy man exclaimed,
"unless he has the rocks.
. While he had direct reference, doubtless, to the custom' then prevail
ing of writing upon tablets of stone, we are, nevertheless, permitted to
conjecture that here was the beginning of the metaphoric conception that
rocks and money are one.FIRST TIME AMEIRCANS AND BRITISH
FOUGHT
SIDE BY
SIDE.
WHEJ. JJ.E BJ-UTISjH AND AMEJ-_IC/\NS FOUQHJ SIDE BY SIDE IN SAjMO^ 1899.
BRITISH and American marines
have fought side by side again. •
The latest instance, as has been
heralded to the world by tele
graph, occurred at Samoa on
April 1, and sent a thrill of ap
proval through the hearts of the
people of both great nations. ,
Of course things were not always so.
There was a time not so long ago when
the sight of one on shore leave was a
signal for the other to fly at his throat.
This state of affairs went on from the
time of the founding of our republic until
ISS9, when all bitterness was "sponged
out."
This happy state of affairs came about
st the mouth of the Pelho River, China,
on the day that Captain Tatnall uttered
the immortal words, "Blood is thicker
than water."
The affair that occurred on this day is
without doubt the flrst Instance where
British and American forces have offi
cially acted together in arms against a
common foe, or for the achievement of a
mutually desired end. It is not, however,
the flrst tlmo that the Innate feeling of
brotherhood between the men of the two
great English-speaking nations has
spoken forth In noble actions, gratefully
recognized and applauded on both sides
of the water.
Though as British subjects the Ameri
can colonists had fought side by side with
the British regulars against a common
foe and as freely poured out their blood
for the glory of the British flag at Louis
burg. Fort Duquesne, Quebec and many
another hard fought field, they were
never accorded such recognition by their
comrades ln arms ns was their due, but
were rather treated with jealousy and
contempt.
The success of the American arms on
land and pea during the revolution and the
war of 1812 enforced a certain amount of
respect for their prowess, but added a
bitterness that amounted almost to hatred
on the one side, which was cordially re
ciprocated on the other.
This semi-hostile attitude was the cause
cf frequent duels between the officers of.
the two services, and many bloody colli
sions between their men, when they met
in the various ports of the world.
The action of the American commander
end his men put an end to all this and
Inaugurated an era of mutual esteem and
friendliness that has borne prod fruit In
the years that have followed, a notable
instance of which was the prompt and ef
fective protection of the British flag and
British guns given to the helpless Ameri
can Consul and the doomed Americans of
tho ill-fated Vlrglnlus by the captain of
the British sloop-of-war Niobe at San
tiago de Cuba in 1573.
Coming Into port and hearing that Cap
tain Fry and fifty of the men captured on
the vessel had already been butchered ln
cold blood. In spite of the protests and
sppenls of the American Consul, and that
nnother large number were then about to'
he slaughtered, he ran his lone little ves
sel in between the city and the two Span
ish warships lying in the harbor and sent
word to the Butcher Buriel" that the
murders must cease or he would blow the
ships and city to pieces. The slaughter
was stopped and 100 American lives were
saved.
Tatnall's words and actions were not
forgotten. With Captain Sinclair "blood
was thicker ' than water." Serving the
gun on board the Plover was not the
only Instance of timely and valuable aid
to the distressed Britons rendered by Tat
nall and his men. The story of that day's
work contains others.
Great Britain and Francs were endeav
oring to secure from the Chinese Govern
ment recognition of a treaty made some
time before with Viceroy Yek at Canton
and the admission of their Commission
ers to the Chinese capital.
The allied fleets, under command of Ad
miral Hope, arrived at the mouth of the
Peiho River on June 20, 1559.
The American war steamer Powhattan,
under Captain Tatnall, arrived the same
day, having on board John E. Ward and
suite, who were to represent the United
States in the negotiations that were ex
pected to follow, but with no Instructions
to resort to force to obtain the desired
ends. >
The Chinese, In anticipation of an at
tack by the English and French, had for
tified the river, in hopes of making It *
impregnable. VStt
Immediately on his arrival off the bar
Admiral Hope sent a boat to communi
cate with the commander of the forts, ex
plain the friendly nature of his mission
and request the removal of the obstruc
tions from the channel of the river. This
being refused, he wrote to the authori
ties, saying that if they were not removed
by the evening of June 24 he would re
move them himself.
While matters were in this condition
Captain Tatnall. with Mr. Ward, leaving
the Powhattan outside, started up the
river in the Toey-wan, a light-draft
steamer ohartered for the purpose. When
the Toey-wan was near the first barrier
she ran aground on the hidden bank, and
was for a time ln a critical situation from
exposure to the batteries, and the danger
of the fast-falling tide leaving her half
hanging on the bank.
The British vessel Plover came to her
aid, with an offor of the privilege of hoist
ing the American flag on her, if necessary
to abandon the Toey-wan.
Willie hanging there Captain Tatnall
aent his lieutenant to the officer in com
mand of the fort to say that the vessel
had come for the purpose of going up the
river to Peking with the United States
Minister, who had been directed to de
liver to the Emperor in person a letter
from the President and 'to ratify the
treaty. '.-', yy
The reply was that the barriers could
not be removed, as they had been placed
there to protect the villages from rebels
and pirates, and that on any attempt to
remove them the forts would open fire.
On this the Toey-wan, when finally re
leased from her perilous position,
dropped down the river again to a point
near the bar.
Receiving no answer to his letter of the
20th, Admiral Hope made his preparations
to go ahead anyway. Leaving the larger
vessels outside, he proceeded with the
Plover, to which he transferred his flag,
and ten other light gunboats, mounting
in all twenty-eight guns and carrying
some 800 officers and men, across the bar
and Into the mouth of the river. Seven
hundred marines were, placed on board of
Junks and anchored near the bar as a
reserve force and storming party in case
it would be necessary to attack the forts
by land.
Though up to this time everything had
"Worn an entirely pacific appearance, some
uneasiness was felt from the rumors that
Russians were on hand to assist the Chi
nese.
The advance began early on the morn
ing of the 25th. when the flood tide was
running strong, but owing to the nar
rowness of the channel and the strength
UNCLE SAM PREPARING FOR A BIG PEACE JUBILEE.
WASHINGTON, D. C.
NO festival yet held In this the na
tion's city of festivals has ever
been attempted upon a scale ap
proaching in splendor or novelty
that Arranged for the National
Peace Jubilee to occur here dur
ing three days and three nights of next
month. The occasion will be the ; tribute
of the entire nation, not of a city, to the
soldiers and sailors- who have won Its re
cent victories. The national review held
at the close of the Civil war, though ut
terly different from what is now being ar
ranged for. is the only event in our his
tory with which it can be compared.
Bong before 2 o'clock, the hour set for
the military and naval parade on Tues
day, May 23, the opening day of the fes
tival, hundreds of people will have gath
ered in the strip of avenue separating the
White House from Lafayette Square,
which will have been converted Into a
court of honor constructed after designs
purely original. As the great pageant
marches through this space it will pass
beneath three triumphal arches, each of
which, 'it is proposed, will consist of ; a
stack of three colossal muskets sixty feet
high, represented with bayonets fixed and
belts thrown on.
Midway In the space the President will
view the procession from a stand which,
unless present expectations fall, Is to be
a fac simile of the prow of a vessel of
war, extending from the fence of the ex
ecutive park outward to the curb of the
wide pavement fronting it. To add real
istic effect a turret and fighting top will
tower from the rear of th© deck, made
spacious enough for the chairs of a large
party.
On either side of the President's stand
It ls the plan to provide generous spaces
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX
WHEN we look about among our married friends and acquaintances
we cannot help wishing for the power to shuffle them like a pack of
cards and make a new. deal.
If we could pair off the good husbands we know with the good
wives and leave the worthless " relics" to worry one another to
death we would feel we had done the world a service.' . ..-' '.-:-\'7-'
Yet, undoubtedly, there Is a wiser hand than ours directing the game of
marriage, and all the mlsmated people we encounter are learning some needed
lesson by their sufferings. - • "
There is the agreeable, sensible,: tared, kind man married to the frivo
lous fool with the brain of a butterfly and the Instincts of a wanton.
A lovely home, a devoted husband and sweet children— the three choicest
blessings which life can bestow, aro only a source of irritation to her. She neg
lects the home, nags the. husband and Is Indifferent to the children.
She wants excitement, and craves attention and admiration from the outside
world.
.Just across the street, perhaps, lives the charming domestic woman with all
the lovely traits which keep this old world worthy , of : the Creator's attention,
and she is mated to a monster of Infidelity and vice.
Through the open windows of a summer cottage- whose inmates I knew . I
heard a selfish, pett<**-souled woman scolding one of the best men who ever fell
to a woman's lot as husband.
An hour later, in a public conveyance, a disagreeable husband nagged the
sweetest of wives in the presence of a dozen strangers.
One could not help thinking that It would be a comfort, to readjust those four
families and to let the vicious pair and the scolding pair drive each other to
swift destruction, while the four amiable and moral people enjoyed that Eden
on earth— happy home, where love and harmony preside. t
One can understand why a woman marries a. disagreeable ,or worthless man,
but it is hard to understand why a man chooses a worthless woman for his life
mate. * . '"__■*' '.V
A man ls always in a position to learn more of the girl ha wooe than it. Is
possible for the woman to learn of the man who woos her.
The lover sees his sweetheart In her home and among her friends, and ought
to be able to form a fair estimate of her disposition and character before he
makes her his wife.
Yet many a sensible, critical, cautious man might have selected his wife
blindfolded and succeeded ln suiting his needs quite as well as he has done by
his deliberate choice.
Selfish, frivolous, Irritable girls do not become household angels by marriage
any more than & sinner bloom* Into ft. saint by flying* Both- manioKO and death
TELE SAN FRANCISCO OAI/L, SUNDAY, -APRIL 28, 1899.
of the brsese movements were hampered
and confused.
At 2 o'clock, when the ebb tide was
strong, the flrst barrier, having, been,
broken and passed and the Plover, with
the Opossum, was • attempting to break
through the guard, the mask was thrown
off. A single gun was fired from the fort
and a moment later all the mantlets were
dropped and forty heavy pieces of artil
lery opened on the two Uttlo vessels at
point blank range. Within twenty min
utes the - Plover and Opossum had so
many men struck down that their guns
were almost silenced. Captain MeKenna
of the admiral's staff was killed and the
admiral himself seriously wounded ln the
thigh.
Tatnall and the other American officers
on board the Toey-wan witnessed the
whole of the treacherous attack with feel
ings of anger and mortification.
Finally, seeing the desperate situation
of the British admiral, Tatnall exclaimed:
"Blood is thicker than water. I'll be
If I'll stand by and see white me£
butchered before my eyes. No, sir!- Ole-
Tatnall Isn't that kind, sir. This is the
cause of humanity. is. that boat ready?
Tell the man there is no need of side
arms." -v". .-'■.",..'' '■'■.
At this moment a boat was seen to
emerge from the smoke, of the battle and
pull, with desperate energy toward the
Americans. She bore a midshipman with
a dispatch for Flag Officer Tatnall. The
perusal of this note excited him still
more.
Sending an officer to Colonel . Lemon.
for distinguished reviewing officials, such
as the diplomatic corps and the members
of Congress. According to the plan these
two -stands will be in the form of high ter
races, each to represent the regulation
space measured off- in army camps as tho
lawn fronting, upon the main avenue on
either side of the commanding general's
headquarters. Tents will form the back
grounds,, and before them will be distrib
uted camp chains and a few brass- can
non. It is further proposed to line the
court along the Lafayette Square side
with tall reviewing stands representing
military masts, with tiers of fighting tops
converted into comfortable boxes for spe
cial guests.
The night features of this first day of
the jubilee will be a public reception by
the President, band concerts upon the
south portico of the Treasury Department
overlooking Pennsylvania avenue, and
upon the terrace of the Capitol, a grand
illumination of Pennsylvania avenue, La
fayette Square. F. Seventh, Ninth and
other streets, of all Government buildings
and of the monument, and finally a grand
fireworks display in the monument
grounds. •
On the second jubilee day the ceremo
nies will commence at 10 o'clock In the
morning with a parade of school children
from all the public, private and sectarian
schools of the city, bearing banners, flag.-.
and garlands. The little ones will form
their line In the Smithsonian grounds or
Judiciary Square, parade Pennsylvania
avenue, countermarch, pass In review of
the President and retire to the grounds of
the White House, where the old-time
May day exercises will be repeated with
May poles, ribbons, wreaths and garlands.
At 2 o'clock the spectators will resume
their places to view a second parade of
flower-decorated private equipages of all
kinds and cycles, which will pass in re
view of judges elected to award prize rib
bons or medals. Following this will come
a long parade of civic organizations, also
in competition for prizes. The second jubi
lee day will end with a change In music
for the band concerts, the bands exchang
commanding the reserve force of marines
who were unable to stem the outgoing
tide, and "get up to the assistance of their
brethren, with an offer to tow them up to
the scene of action, Tatnall got into his*
barge with his flag lieutenant, Trenchard.
and hurried off to pay "an official visit,"
'as he expressed it, to the British ad
miral.
Making his way to the Plover through
a storm of shot, one of which struck his
barge and nearly sank It, killed his cock-. .
swain and wounded Lieutenant Trench
ard, Tatnall found the British commander
on 5 his quarter-deck, sitting on a camp
stool, desperately wounded but still di
recting the fight. Forward there was an
eight-Inch gun with only one or two men
near, the rest of the crew , having been
killed or wounded and the reserves ex
hausted.
Tatnall "exchanged a few words of con
dolence with the admiral and said to his
own '.boat crew:.- .177*7
"My good fellows, you might man that
gun forward till the boat is ready. Just
as you would your own ship."
The Yankee tars went to work at once,
and with a will, and served the gun for
over an, "aouf, when they wer<{ relieved
The English vessels under Admiral Hope were being very hard pressed by the Chinese. The admiral was wounded and had scarcely men enough left to
man his ship's guns. Commodore Tatnall, seeing his plight, roared out "Blood is thicker than water," and ordered out a boat's crew. He was taken through
humming shot and shell to the English vessel. Several of his men were killed in the passage. He mounted the quarterdeck and said to Admiral Hope that he
had come to pay an official visit. The Englishman smiled grimly at the American's pleasantry at such a time. Then Tatnall ordered his boat's crew to man an
eight-Inch gun near by just as they "would on board their own vessel. ' The Yankee sailors jumped Into the fight with a cheer and relieved the exhausted British
ers serving the gun.
ing places, and a second display of fire
works. , •
The crowning event of the third and
last day; if not of the entire festival, will
be a gorgeous historical pageant, requir
ing hundreds of soldiers, sailors and
horses. It will be a representation, in
chronological order, of the great war
epochs of our history. The tableaus are
to be composed only of well-trained men,
the moving characters by others experi
enced in military drill. Following a few
floats devoted to the exploits of Columbus
will appear Revolutionary soldiers, bear
ing the war flags of their period, conspic
uously the "Don't Tread on Me," the
"Liberty or Death," the Bunker Hill flag,
the Royal Savage and others.
General Washington and his Revolu
tionary staff, mounted, will be followed
by Morgan riflemen ln their green hunting
jackets, brown breeches, leggings, ging
ham shirts, powder horns, flintlocks and
wigs. There will also be in line detach
ments of Revolutionary Infantry, artil
lery and sailors.- A conspicuous feature
of this epoch's display will be a moving
reproduction of the celebrated picture,
"The Spirit of '78," showing an old man in
knickerbockers and bandaged head play
ing a fife between two drummer boys. The
Revolutionary period will be concluded
by a large float representing Washington
crossing the Delaware. .. • v-*v
The second war with Great Britain will
be illustrated first by Andrew Jackson
and mounted, followed by appro
priate soldiers and sailors of the period;
and lastly by a float bearing an animate
copy of the great painting, "The Battle
of Lake Erie," whleh hangs ln the Capi
tol. .:■-'-•
General Zachary Taylor and staff,
mounted", soldiers, sailors and a magni
ficent tableau float, depicting Taylor re
fusing Santa Ana's demand for surren
der, will be shown. An effort is to be made
to persuade Representative George B. Mo-
Clellan of New York. to ride at the head
of the portion devoted to the Civil War,
uniformed, wlgged and painted, to repre
WILCOX
require a foundation of character to result In happiness.
A man of most excellent Intellect and good sense once asked a married lady
to advise him regarding his domestic life, which was In ruins through the friv
olous folly of his silly wife. (MdHBMPStii
"How came you to marry her?" asked the lady, before offering any advice.
The man looked at her helplessly and answered, ."I don't know." ■
If more men knew why they, chose their wives there would be fewer divorces.
yyy.-y ■-. -—-.,. ... _. . . .
The man who Is "unhappily married" and who goes about demanding sym
pathy and favors of women on this account is a very cheap sort of personages
yet we find women ready- to set high value by him. ' ?':-.-..■■
It Is a threadbare role for men to play. I have no doubt Adam went about
talking to void space or to the animal population of his unhappy life with Evo
after she took to extravagance in' dress, and brought on a panic in fig leaves.
-Old and worn as the role is we meet women of seemingly good sense and
morals who take these men seriously and waste sympathy and attention upon
. them. ' - * - -'-■■
Romantic young women and sentimental widows are easy prey for the sym
pathy seeking benedict. They grieve over his hard lot and listen to his tale of
marital Infelicity, and allow him to monopolize their time and attention in a man
ner which gratifies his self-love and conceit.
When criticized for ' their indiscretion they are always Indignant and moat
eloquent in their defense of the "poor fellow who gets no love or sympathy at
home." -~'*'__P*'~'£tHtt''~''*'tf'M
But to be the confidant and adviser of such a man is a dangerous and ignoble
position for any respectable woman. -
- There is always something contemptible about the married man who goes about
posing as a martyr. •"•••• * • '
It Indicates- a weakness In character and a lack of dignity and pride. The
same criticisms can.be passed upon the wife who complains to other men of her.
husband's faults and fallings. But a weak man is always a more contemptible
object than a weak woman. •-. - *
Married people have no right from the standpoint of common decency to criti
cize each other to outsiders. They should settle their misunderstandings without
the Intervention of a third party. ' ~* —
When a husband finds it necessary to pour into the listening ears of sympa
thetic women a story of domestic grievances It is pretty safe to set that man
down as a cad and an egotist, if not a fool or a villain.
The man who really is a martyr to a loveless home or a heartless wife does
not talk about it. The wound lies too deep to be shown to the world.
No woman who respects her sex should allow a man to talk against his wife In
her presence.
•-..A^.\ lngln^ t _l sUlK ' 9 . Is fa - hotter for suoji men .than * misplaced ''•sympathy*'*-*
K-l wheeler Wilcox in New York Evening World.
by men from the other ships.
They declared afterward that every
shot they fired hit the mark. As they
_ walked aft after being relieved they were
met by Trenchard, who, realizing the
neutral position taken by the United
States in the matter at Issue, assumed a
severe tone and asked what they had
done.
"Oh, nothing, sir," replied one of the
brawny fellows, "except lending a hand
-to them fellers forward." '
Returning to the Toey-wan, Tatnall
steamed down, took the junks with the
reserve marines In tow and brought them
up to the scene, where they landed and
stormed the forts.
. The attack was repulsed, and many of
the men were cut off and could not reach
their boats, but were left on the bank ln
full sight of their comrades, powerless to
aid them, and exposed to the heavy flre
from the forts. ....
Seeing this Commodore Tatnall ran his
light-draft Toey-wan close In shore and
took the whole party .aboard and out of,
danger, thus saving many more lives.
This action on the part of the Americans
was all the more telling because of tha
iaot tiiW a. short time previously at goa^»
WHEN JHE AMERICANS y\ND _ BRIJISJ-. FOUQHJ SIDE BY SIDE IN CHIN/i, 1859.
sent his father, "Little Mac," it having
been decided that McClellan and staff will
head that division, which will conclude
with a float showing "North and South
United."
Interspersed with actual war heroes
will follow three magnificent - floats pic
turing the principal events in the last
war chapter of our history. "War" will
he depicted upon a float bearing in * the
foreground a tangled reproduction of the
wreck of the Maine. Standing as if upon
a peninsula of our country, Columbia will
appear with sword in right hand, her left
resting upon the crouching, half-clad and
distressed form of a Cuban woman. In
the background soldiers and sailors with
guns at a charge will await the bugler,
who stands with* instrument to his
lips, as if .about to give the command
"Forward!" , v.v:"vv
Following this picture will come bodies
of soldiers equipped just as they Were
when marching * away to war. The sec
ond tableau, "victory," wi_: represent the
rapture of tho Spanish blockhouse: on
San Juan Hill, with Colonel Theodore
Roosevelt represented In • the foreground
urging his men on. , Following this will
.come a detail of regulars and volunteers
In the uniforms and equipments worn and
in the same dilapidated appearance pre
sented when they left their transports
for a march home.
The concluding tableau float, "Peace,"
will show the .peaceful fireside of a one
armed veteran relating the details of his
late war experiences to his family, while
the Angel of Peace, standing upon his
threshold proclaims "Peace on earth,
good will to men."
At the conclusion of the historical pa
geant patriotic addresses upon non-par
tisan topics suggested by the war will
be delivered by ,the most distinguished
orators who: can be here at the time.
Among those to be Invited are Colonel
William J. Bryan, Senator Depew, Gener
al Joseph Wheeler and Henry Cabot
Lodge. -,
After the usual display of fireworks and
band concerts the great three days' festi
Kong th© crew of the Highflyer, Admiral selves .of *. any disease. We must simply
Hope's flagship, had used every occasion concentrate our minds on the fact that
to Insult and mistreat the men of the J* 6 , off not 111, and, presto! we are well.
Powhattan when they met on shore, and „, , re trying to prove that too
several bloody encounters had resulted. "i U 0 ? 1 m^_»_M -^-SS^tK, P S?
_ * , \ .. _ .. „ -d„ii.- _.«>-<- or B.an may lead to a disease of that or-
The next winter, after the Peiho affair. gan . Dr> Carpenter is believed to be the
however, when the Powhattan went down first to demonstrate by experiment that
to Hongkong, it was very different. The concentrating the mind on a special part
Highflyer was there, and as soon as the of the body will lead to a local hyperae-
American vessel was recognized as she ™ta. with sensations of tingling and Itch
steamed Into the harbor the British tars It * , s not d , ffleult to underst that di
manned the rigging and greeted her with recti the mind toward some particular
cheers. Their band struck up "Should part of the organism may alter the blood
Auld Acquaintance Be Forgot" and fol- supply of that part, and so modify mate
lowed with "Columbia, the Gem of the riall ">* its nutrition.
Ocean," the whole ship's company join- If , this ■be possible, it Is not at all un
lnK in. likely,- according to the London Lancet,
Then the Highflyer ran up the Amerl- that morbid changes may result from, or
can flag and the Powhattan hoisted the be -Predisposed to by, these slight begtn-
British flag, and salutes were mutually 1 ?? 3 - It Is very difficult however, to And
flred. Then the. other British vessels in "^ny ewes which can be satisfactorily,
the harbor followed suit, hoisting and sa- e^£^ -™ I *'^T^.&^SSl r*.
lutinir th« star* and strines " ■ •"• Bennett, in a clinical lecture re-
N^onor was , s«t or Tatnall and <»**** *& ?££*# J&m'
Wo VR-nlfPB Rnllors quotes two cases. In s each of them in-
When the men from the two ships met ?If,*» d tiS :owt J l - ° f / tUm ° r * 3^^
on shore they were as if they haS been 'o' &. ""*^".""^"S^"^ 1101 - ° f t
shipmates all their lives, Instead of pound- pa Sl« „i,ln,,, o,v0 ,v *&?«•£__£_! ♦*-♦ _,
Ing each other's faces as they had in that -„£«,*£?,, ""^i™*"* ~ a iM_?»«i£ ™r
very place less than a year before. .\^^t&Z£^&?%»l&^&n
* " __ *• tlcular attention to the disease o£ soma
__._. _ _. ' ■ '_."*_,' ,■ ' T ______ one organ or region of the body ultimately
Christian Scientists declare that by the puffers from an a*te<?*-'on of tha sam»
ffwc_»*4 <_{ WIU yoww »aj cura.ovurs mxl - -
val will be concluded by what will be
known as the jubilee revelries, in Con
vention Hall, one of the largest single
floor spaces In the world. No one un
masked and not dressed in fancy or gro
tesque costume, will be allowed upon the
floor. The "king" of the jubilee, pre
viously chosen, will appear now for the
first time, mounted upon a lofty throne
and surrounded by a court' of gorgeously
clad nobles. After the guests have been
presented to his Majesty he will descend
and mix with the common herd, the floor
being cleared for a great mask ball.
The king of the jubilee and many of the
principal characters in the historical pa
geant are to be either distinguished men
or those who have purchased the privi
leges by generous contributions to the
Jubilee fund. Floor privileges for the
great ball will be sold at a high figure,
while spectators alone will probably have
to pay as much as $5 for admittance. The
Gommodore dosiah Tatrvalt.
Commodore Tatnall made the historical saying, "Blood is thicker than
water," when he Jumped la to save Admiral Hope and his ship during the
savage attllck made on tha Bngßsn br the Chinese -during thaA>attla*T"C $£•
Jubilee committee expects to expend at
least $50,000 for the success of the festi
val, while the civic organizations and
other outside participants will probably
do the same.
A distinguished honor has just been con
ferred upon a woman by Emperor Fran
cis Joseph of Austria. The recipient is
the well-known novelist, Marie Ebrier-
Eschenbach, and the distinction which
she has received is the Austro-Hungarian
medal for proficiency in art and science.
This is an honor which has never be
fore been conferred upon a woman, and
which is only awarded to really great sci
entists and artists. The Emperor select
ed Marie Eschenbach for this mark of
his favor because he knew that she
ranked second to none among the famous
writers of the day. Her novels and aphor
isms take high rank among modern lit
erary works, and it is the general opinion
of Austrians and Hungarians that she is
their greatest living poet.
Her best known works are "Village and
Castle Tales," "Bozena" and "Lottie, tha.
Watchmaker." The authoress ls now ln
her sixty-eighth year, and her friends say
that she is as vigorous and bright as sha
ever was. . .
2324
VOLLEY BALL THE NEW GAME
FOR FIRLS
GIRL'S HIGH SCHOOL HAS JUST STARTED IN HERE
GENERAL GRANT'S MOST ASTONISHING EXPERIENCE
Lanadon Kaine Tells for -he First Time of the Arousing and Exciting Experience of General Grant at a Negro Mass-Meeting During His Triumphant Visit to New Orleans in 1880.
Special to the Sunday Call.
IN the spring of 3J.SO General Grant,
after Ins memorable' tour of the
world, visited the Southern States
and brought his- triumphal journey
to a close at Xew Orleans,' where he
remaJn-'d a week or two. There- 1
I-Lccompa] led the general to what proved
to be perhaps the most exciting demon
stration of negroes of those times— a dem
onstration which General Grant called his
SncKt astonishing experience.
A new generation was (ring on the
.Scene, and although the men who had
• been conspicuous in the service of the
Confederal States had cordially wel
.corned Grant to the defeated section,
there were people In the Crescent City
•who could not bring themselves to the
point of taking part In the street dem
onstration in honor of the hero of the
Union army. Many 'of those who se
cluded themselves during the public cere
monies subsequently called on Grant at
tb© residence of his cousin.
As the- hour for the arrival of the
|Grant party approached the streets
■■warmed with black faces, shining with
'enthusiasm and hope. Somehow they
concelved the idea that Grant had come
piot as a private citizen but as their
'Moses, to restore their political suprem
acy. They were more serious and less
[boisterous than on other public occasions,
when their loud laugh distinguishes the
Southern from the quiet Northern gather
ing. The escort of the Grant party was
'first a company of United States reg
ulars, then a post of the Grand Army of
.th© Republic and a cfvic society or two.
It was not Impressive as a procession, but
•as lt came the fervor of the inflammable
pegro nature reached almost the limit,
[and- when It passed the black mass fell
lin behind, filling the street from curb to
curb.
Service at the hotels and restaurants
■where the negroes were employed was
utterly inefficient. The blacks were ab
sorbed in the one subject, too exalted by
a now-born hope to concern themselves
about their usual business.
The general was disposed to be as quiet
as possible without appearing discour
teous. "When first asked to receive a
delegation of colored preachers of the
Northern Methodist church he pleaded
fatigue. After some persuasion he con
cerned to meet them at Wesley Chapel.
with the stipulation that there should he
no general negro demonstration, "l had
enough of that at Jacksonville," the gen
eral explained.
This was distinctly promised, and the
affair was regarded as so trivial an In
cident of his visit that the newspapers
made no announcement of it. It was ex
pected that he would be driven to the
place at 10 o'clock in the morning to speak
•a few words of encouragement to' a score
of colored preachers, and so the enter
ttalnment committee did not choose to ac.
[company him. 1 was asked to go .with
[the general, and the Rev." Dr. Hartzell, a
[Northern preacher, then In charge of the
T T OLI.ET ball Is the game par ex
tt / iel lence for girls and young wo
\ J men. It is a new game and meets
1/ all the requirements for exercise
i and physical culture."
So said Miss Walker, instructor
in physical training at the Girls' High
School, a few days ago. »Vt the time the
big gymnasium was filled with strong,
handsome girls < lad In bloomer costumes.
All were in a quiver of excitement, for
they were to take their first lesson ln
volley ball. . Miss Walker has just re
turned from the Kast, where the game
has a firm foothold. She saw it played at
both Wellosley and Smith lieges and be
came thoroughly versed in the game, see-
Ing Its advantages and knowing thai it
would surely prove of benefit to the girls
of -v.-! Francisco. 7
•'What's tin new game' like?" asked sev
eral of the girls crowding, around.
"I'll show you _ when we get down In
the yard," answered Miss Walker, "b.it
to put it briefly It is a sort of composite
between basket ball' and tennis.
"A large net is stretched across the
Held, but raised about two feet from the
ground. A ball about the size of a foot
ball Is used.
"First, the two teams of girls range
themselves on either side of the.net. The
ball is then started by being batted with
the hand so that lt files across the net.
The trick of the game is then to keep the
ball from hitting the ground or knocking
It Into your net. fnless your side knocks
It across the net there Is a '.score against
you and a point for the other side."
church affairs In the city. A Northern
newspaper man. and a veteran Northern
soldier, I had no local political ambition
to be Injured, nd had a lively curiosity to
see the negroes.
Grant Tells Stories.
It was a long drive, and on the way
' Grant was more than "ordinarily com
municative, which is saying a good deal,
It was and still Is a popular fallacy that
he was in all situations a reticent man.
However self-contained he may have
been In an official capacity, socially he
was genial, cheerful and chatty. As ho
lighted a cigar, the carriage being open,
he .said:
"I have the reputation of being a hard
smoker. There are people who say my
portraits are bad because there Isn't a
cigar in my mouth. That's a slander. I
never In my life smoke.', to excess, and
now I consume only three or four slgars
a day. I am a slow smoker, and a cigar
auta me a good while.'.'
As we passed the university buildings,
the general said that If the war. had not
come when it did he should have been a
resident of the South, a professor .in a
Southern college.
"General Sherman," he exclaimed, "had
been the professor of mathematics in a
college in Mississippi"— l think It was Mis
sissippi—"and decided to give it up. He
wrote to me at Galena, asking if I cared
to take his place. . I always liked mathe
matics; it was the study I had done best
In, and I thought I might enjoy the .work.
It was decided that I should go. but then
the rumblings of Impending war caused
me to change my mind, and with -some
reluctance 1 finally declined it."
When we were within about two blocks
of the church we were shocked by the
spectacle of a solid mass of black hu
manity. As they caught sight of the ap
proaching carriage they made a furious
rush, and with yells they surrounded us.
The two or three policemen in the neigh
borhood did all they could, but were
powerless. That the general— of whom It
has been said that the sudden appearance
of the enemy never surprised him— was
surprised and alarmed by the unexpected
body of negroes; ins face bore unmistaka
ble evidence, and we soon found the sit
uation really dangerous. .
Negroes Hem Him In.
"Let us get out of this," exclaimed the
general. "Driver, turn about and go
back."
It was useless, however, to make the at
tempt, It was the determined purpose
of every man, woman and child In the
mass to shake Grant's hand or touch his
person. The air was filled with cries. A
tall old negro forced himself between the
wheels, regardless of a busy club, and
reached Grant's hand, crushing a new-
Bilk hat as he did It. Then straightening
himself to his full height, with his hands
above his bare head, lie shouted, "Kress
Gawd! I done shuck his han'l"
For nearly half an imur the scene was
beyond graphic portrayal. . These Ignor
ant people, long deserted and neglected
by their frightened leader's,' sincerely b«
THE SAN Ay CISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
HIQJ. SG^OOL QIRLS SJARJINQ JHE J-JEW QAJ^IE OF VOLLEy B/\LL IJJ S/\N . F^ANGISGO.
"Why," that's easy," say a dozen voices
in chorus.
"But, say, I believe lt will be lots of
fun." whispered a pretty golden-haired
maiden to her nartner. "I am just crazy
to start." ■y-yj. 7_
"Come, girls; all ready!" says Miss
Walker, at last, and then there was a
scamper for the school yard. Down the
stairs they run, laughing and screaming
for joy.
"Put the net across here," says the
teacher, "and then we will begin."
lt was an easy matter to put up the net
and In less time than It takes to tell the
two teams were ready for play.
"Now, look, girls; tills is the way."
And Miss Walker tossed the big, heavy
looking ball a few feet Into the air and
before it fell to the ground she struck
It a quick blow with her tiny fist that
sent it far over to the other side of the
Held.
Half a dozen girls ran after it. but the
ball got away from them and had to be
picked up.
Again Miss Walker served, and by a
lucky strike the ball was sent oack and
hit the ground on her side of the net.
I"lt's not as easy as it looks." one of
the players said to- another, "but it's lots
nicer than basket-ball."
And so the lesson proceeded. Before
half "an hour had passed the girls were
able to serve and return the ball with the
greatest ease, and certainly got a large
amount of exercise out of the play, for
their cheeks were glowing and their eyes
sparkling With the pleasure of good
health. ''■ y
Qr--nt H'mm-*td In by ( he Excited GroWd.
.When' we drew near the door the people: ln the" windows began to drop Inside amd make for the same exit to head
us off. The glory of glories.was to have shaken Grant's hand. .Soon.we were in the midst of the same excited. throng,
«uid through the floor •»'• could see a solid mass filling the streeta. _fflfH___l
"Now," said Miss Walker, when the
girls were fully acquainted with the game,
"the method of playing is this: In serv
ing the ball the player stands four feet
from the net on what Is called the 'drib
bling' line. She tosses the ball Into the
air and gives it a quick, decisive bat,
which sends It flying over to the other
side. It is then batted back. The side
which allows It to touch the ground ls
scored against."
Any number of girls may play, so long
as they are evenly distributed on each
side. The most satisfactory thing about
the game is the absence of roughness as in
basket ball. No tumbling over one an
other on the floor in reaching for the ball
Is possible, as the moment it touches the
lloor a certain number of points is lost to
the . side permitting it. The girls take
readily to this new form of gymnastics,
and the "Atalanta" Club, which had be
come depleted, is filling up again.
The president. Miss Carrie Stevenson,
Is congratulating herself at this turn of
affair^. The pean to the honored goddess
of the chase,
Che-he, che-he
< 'he-ha ha— ha.
Atalanta. Atalanta,
Rah, rah, rah,
Which was rendered at the last match
with the V. M. C. A. basket-ball team,
as so thin and weak as to be little more
than a Squeal. With a greater volume of
voices Miss Stevenson hopes to product'
BO loud and full a sound that even the
Berkeley campus might be proud to ut
ter it. .
One tall, slender, betallored maiden re
marked the other day: "Basket ball was
so hilarious, you know, that really I was
obliged to withdraw; but now I and my
set can return to athletics without fear
of having our front teeth knocked out or
our noses broken."
Credit is due the Victor Wheeling Com
pany for the invention of this game, and
the Boston Normal School of Gymnastics,
which is connected with the Y. M. C. A.
of that city, was the first school to adopt
it. This school gives not only a thorougl
training In gymnastics, but also in phy
siology, anatomy and all allied subject
A Mrs. Hemenway, who gave to Har
vard its gymnasium, seeing the necessity
for an institution for teachers of ath
letlcs, endowed the Boston Normal School
of Gymnastics. One of the principal lec
tures of the course is "Treatment of
Emergency Cases"; another is "Anthro
pometry or Scientific Strength Testing."
* Miss Walker, the Instructor of gymnas
tics at the Girls' High School, after re
ceiving her degree of Ph.B. at Berkeley,
went fas' and took a. thorough course
in the Boston school of training. No se
rious accident to any of her girls there
fore goes unattended. At the last basket
ball game a girl was hit in the nose and
a- most annoying hemorrhage was pro
duced. Miss Walker, quickly on the scene,
whipped something out of her pocket, ap
plied it to the injured member, gave the
girl a lecture and sent her home as good
as new. ,
Miss Walker's pleasure is supreme at
seeing the girls so apt at the new game.
She says: "It ls much more agreeable to
teach volley ball than basket ball, as
there Is no danger of any girl getting
hurt. This game is Just as beneficial and
much prettier than th© other.
"It ls especially adapted to them; as lt
contains those elements of skill, agility
and deftness not to be found elsewhere.
The frequent poising of the whole body
on the ball of one foot, and other posi
tions which I might mention, engender a
remarkable grace and dignity in the fig
ure. I do hope that before long other
schools and colleges will lay aside their
oasket ball for volley. As it is now we
can only play among ourselves, for we
are the only school out here that knows
anything about it.
"The beneficial exercise which exists In
a game of ball cannot be equaled by any
other kind of gymnastics. Chest weights
I consider very injurious to beginners.
They should be used only by those who
fully understand posture concepts, or the
proper position of the body, as without
this knowledge the devotee is sure to de
velop lopsidednesa.
"Under any circumstances chest devel
opers, dumbbells or Indian clubs should be
used as little as possible. Their disadvan
tage is in developing the muscles of the
chest near the arms at the expense of
those of the back. In ball or other games
the pleasurable excitement aids the res
piratory and circulatory organs, besides
hardening, and beautifying the muscles,
thereby producing the proper threefold
development of the body."
lleved Grant had come to New Orleans
for the sole purpose of "leadin' us out ob
de wilderness," as they shouted. Many
of them did not know Grant's face and
so we three were almost equally the ob
ject of adoration.
A path was made at last from the car
riage to the door, but at every step we
were obstructed and crushed by the pres
sure of the crowd. Inside the chapel door
we found .'matters hardly better. "Empe
ror William," an old negro, had charge of
the reception. He stood on the platform,
his face beaming witn fervor and per-'
splratlon, obviously speaking at the top
of his voice, but to us Ills words were in
audible. Then the choir of a hundred
voices burst forth with "De Bridegroom's
Come." The marshals, all old negro
preachers, had little' knots of their hair
tied with narrow blue ribbon, and in their
white cotton-gloved hands they held red,
white and blue batons, which they waved
wildly. Every bit of space in the church
was occupied exclusively by negroes. Not
only that, but the crowd outside had
climbed to the ''open windows, and as they
filled them entirely, not a breath of fresh
air could enter. Only a great outburst of
melody from the choir prevented a gen
eral hysteria, which was plainly immi
nent. To the singing the people kept time
with their feet and their swaying bodies.
It. was hardly conceivable that any ne
groes .In the city 'were kept ignorant of
the event, so thoroughly had the preach
ers betrayed the general. Scores of them
must have worked all night to erect the
platform' and arrange the decorations.
Over the pulpit was a huge portrait of
Grant, draped and festooned with flowers,
and opposite was a similarly decorated
portrait of Lincoln. Grant had not spoken
a word from the moment. we were fairly
surrounded by the multitude. Xow he
whispered, as he wiped his flushed face:
"I've been in Africa, but I never had as
hot a time as this."
I could not help noting that he took
little' interest in the scene and the
speeches,' but I learned the reason later.
Occasionally a seat snapped under its
heavy load. The pressure from the out
side at one of the windows became so
great that a dozen men and women were
pushed into the room, falling with shrieks
which were echoed by those upon whom
they fell.
Grant Makes a Speech.
When Grant arose to speak there was
a renewal of the cries, but the little pas
tor and the marshals soon restored quiet
enough for hts words to be heard. He
spoke briefly, saying in effect that the
colored people had their future in their
own hands. He urged them to stick to
the Bible and the spelling book and they
were bound to win the respect of all man
kind and enjoy their full share of ma
terial prosperity. To some, who evidently
expected him to announce that he had
come to consecrate himself to the restora
tion of their political rights, the speech
was apparently disappointing.
A -young negro, a teacher in the uni
versity for colored people, made a brief
hut really eloquent address.
"General Grant, he said, "you hava
been famous for epigrams that live in the
hearts of the American people. You
spoke the sentiment of a determined pa
triot people when you declared you would
'fight It out on this line If It takes all
summer.' But there was one sentiment,
nobler than all, one that has sunk deep
Into the hearts of millions. When the
landlord at Jacksonville would have
driven back the colored people as they
escorted you to your hotel, you said: 'Let
•them come; for where I am there the col
ored people may be also.' " jgWfil
For a moment It seemed as though the
crowd would rush on the raised platform
to lay hands on the hero, but the preach
ers, seated in the nearer pews, quickly
passed Scott Chin from his seat to the
platform. He was a tall negro, a preach
er for sixty years, born in slavery. He
seemed taller because he was thin, and
he wore an old blue army overcoat which
spread at the bottom and gradually con
tracted toward his narrow shoulders. As
his head also narrowed at the top, he waa
exactly pyramidal.
Then a" woman with the "gift of prayer"
gave an extraordinary exhibition of the
power of an uneducated mind. Before she
ceased Grant had shaken hands with the
preacher and we moved rapidly toward
the door, a path having been cleared by
the zealous marshals. We were not, how
ever, to escape so easily. When we
drew near the door the people ln the win
dows began to drop Inside and make for
the same exit to head us off. The glory
of glories was to have shaken Grant's
hand. Soon we were in the midst of the
same excited throng, and through the
door we could see a solid mass filling the
streets.
Caught in the Church.
--"Can't we get out through the back
door?" asked the general, and finding
there was such a door, we fought our
way toward- the pulpit- again. After hav
ing, our feet trodden and a hard struggle
we emerged. The driver had been shrewd
enough to. make a circuit and outwit the
crowd, and as he drew up we threw our
selves Into the carriage exhausted. The
multitude from all sides made an Impetu
ous rush after us. The foremost hurled
flowers Into the carriage, a huge bouquet
narrowly missing the general's bared
head, for he had taken off his silk hat
again, in a pitiful attempt to restore its
respectability. The horses were put to
their best gait.
"During the whole time until U had
made my speech." Grant said. "I wft9
wretched at having to speak. I never
made a speech until I was 40 years old,
and I never enjoy any occasion where I
have to do it." Then, taking off his hat
he turned and said: "Driver, take us to
a good hat store. I've got to buy a hat.
At the most important hat store in the
town there was not a hat of any fashion
that was large enough for Grant head.
I have forgotten the size he wore, and
only remember that something waa said
of Its being as large^ 19 * or larger "l an »
Webster's. iANGDON KAINH, .
.v. eDs.er s.•^ B -
$364,000 Hanging on a Penstroke.
Dr. Parkhurst on "The Coming devolution in Our Big Cities. "
DH. CHARLES H. PARKHURST is authority for the statement that in four of the great cities of this country a movement is organ-
I ized and is making rapid progress which will bring about a new era in municipal affairs. This tide has not set against any party. It is
LJ not, Dr. Parkhurst says, given impulse by any religious organization. It derives its impulse from the people.
the statement is frankly made by Dr. Parkhurst that he is in personal communication with representative men, citizens of wealth
and high standing, in the places mentioned. He speaks, therefore, from his own knowledge, and not hearsay. The movement is not in the
nature of concerted action by the municipalities named. Local reasons have, it is true, given the inspiration; but in every place the aim is
lie same. Investigations are to be made along fixed lines and not at haphazard venture. In every case these inquiries will antedate, and
only a little, municipal elections. ; . >---.' , "-.'_''
i?. r ' P a khurst has absolutely no faith in investigations that are not inspired by popular demand and held because of that demand.
Ihe rising of the tide of popular feeling, now rapidly approaching its flood, dates, Dr. Parkhurst says, from the time the actual cor
ruption in iNew " rl< was laid bare to the gaze of the people of the United States. The beneficial result of this expose was only short
veo, . 7 .7 ''"•''"' and there never has been a time in the history of the United States when the polic c forces of the various cities were as
). nipt as they are to-day. He by no means individualizes in this statement, but he says it applies to every city of over 50,000 inhabitants,
irom .Maine to California. •'*,•>.-.-;,-'•.*" 7' *V* >\.*-v_/' : .
(Special to The Sunday tall.
SO widespread has the bleeding of vice become in the great
cities of this country that the people have at last been stirred
to a realizing sense of the necessity of action. The methods
of exacting tribute from the criminal' classes by the police
have been changed somewhat, but the principle is still there.
Tin* fact that blood-money Is demanded and received is capable of
demonstration in every city of the United States whose population
numbers 50,000.
1 am In communication with gentlemen in Philadelphia, Detroit,
Cincinnati, Chicago-all showing decidedly that the time is approach
ing when in municipal affairs there ls going to be a temporary ex
tinguishment of party, and a tidal wave that will engulf the uni
formed aids of vice. Vice and veniallty have too often won the
battles against virtue and common decency. Now the case is going
to be reversed.
This action Is by no means in concerted form; that is, no two
cities arc-acting together It is always the case that the cleansing
of a city Is contagious It Is really the only way. in which municipal
reforms can b«v brought about, When New- York city swept away
DID William Murdock sign and
deliver the promissory note for
$100,000 dated September 5, 1877,
and made payable twenty years
after date to Mary Helen Mur
dock, with interest at 1 per cent
per month, or is the signature to that
scrap of paper a forgery?
Three persons are said to have been
present when the note was signed. Two
of these, William Murdock and his
cousin Samuel are dead; the other is
the holder and payee of the note— Mrs.
Mary Helen Murdock.
Mrs. Murdock's suit against the ex
ecutors of the estate of William Mur
dock for $340,000, principal and Interest,
is now before the Superior Court of
Glenn County, and twelve good men
and true are listening to testimony
bearing on the validity of the now cele
brated note.
But the history of this paper, which
calls for over a quarter of a million dol
lars, is an interesting one and there has
not yet been published a connected
story of the transaction.
"Old Bill Murdock," as" William Mur
dock was called, was one of the very
earliest settlers in Xorthern California.
At the time he decided to make his
home in the Sacramento Valley no such
thing as wheat growing was known
in the section where he took up his
Airs. Gawn Murdock Testified That the Precious Note Was Buried in the. Barn for
• Ten Years.
"Gawn returned home," testified the wife, "and I showed him the note. We wrapped it up carefully, put it in a vial, which we
sealed, and after bottling the vial, placed, the bottle in a powder can and buried it in the barn. After ten or eleven years the note was
dug up and was shown to several persons in Sacramento and in San Francisco."
abode, but the raising of sheep brought
large profits to the owners of such
stock.
"Bill" was a bachelor and as close
fisted an old character as ever owned
a band of sheep. It is not an exaggera
tion to call him a miser. He was an
honest man, however, and paid his
debts promptly.
"Old Bill" was a sort of character in
ids stinginess. He would drive to town
in his old rattle-trap of a spring wagon,
tie his skinny horses to a hitching post,
pull out a sack of hay for the sorry
looking animals, and, instead of dining
.
the hordes of unprincipled persons who were conducting the city's
affairs, within a year It was plain that the example had been felt
throughout the country. Personally I know of a large, number of
changes In various municipalities that were the direct result of this
action on the part of New York city, and it is only by a continuation
of these methods, 'first one city and then another, that cities can
be made officially clean, the officers of the law really to enforce it
and not to compound felonies.
I recall when the Lexow Committee came to New York city, its
counsel was Mr. Sutherland, a very good man, I do not doubt, in
his own section of the State; but he knew absolutely nothing about
New York.Why,' if you. had put him in the streets of, New York
after dark lam sure he would have Immediately lost his way. How
could this man guide the committee in securing evidence of the
evils that bound New York city hand and foot? Nor Was it until
John W. Goff, the present Recorder, sunk his harpoon in so deeply
that people got alarmed that the investigation amounted to anything.
That committee had no idea what it was going to do, of what it was
necessary to do. • '
When It began Its sessions here some of us appeared before it.
Mr. Lexow said. to Charles. Stewart Smith, "Mr. Smith, we are ready
to hear., your case." "But," said Mr. Smith, "I have no case." "Dr.
SAM FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
at a hotel, would carry his own meal in
his pocket.
On a rainy day old Bill's overcoat was
a gunny sack, and his habits* were all
in line with this sort of thing. All of
this time Bill Murdock was acquiring
land, while he attended to his flocks
and sold their wool.
A cousin of William, Samuel Murdock,
came to California with his three chil
dren in 1861.
Samuel's son, Gawn W. Murdock, is
the husband of the woman who holds
the $100,000 note. *
Samuel Murdock was an illiterate
man and could neither read nor write.
He had inherited some money, and with
this small capital he and his son Gawn
went into the sheep business on Stony
Creek, near Orland, forming a partner
ship. They made money rapidly, and,
it Is claimed,- from ISCI-62 until 1877
Samuel loaned his cousin "Bill" large
sums, of money, the profits from the
business, with which money Bill pur
chased land. Gawn, the son, objected
to these loans, and bad feeling was en
gendered between father and son on
this account. It appears that no books
were kept in the matter of the partner
ship business. and the concerns of father
and son were sort of go-as-you-please.
The estrangement between them grew,
until the partnership was dissolved in
1876. Gawn agreeing to pay his father
$15,000 for his interest, $5000 of which
was then paid in cash:
It was then that Samuel left the
house of his son Gawn and went to live
with his cousin "Bill." In the early
seventies Gawn had married Mary El
len Ashurst, daughter of a farmer who
lived in Tehama County. Samuel was
on good terms with Gawn's wife.
While staying at Bill's house. Bill
told Samuel that Gawn had not made
a just settlement with him (Samuel),
and, after threats to sue, Gawn agreed
to pay his father $20,000. This was
done, the payment being in cash and
notes— sßooo in cash. This was a short
time before this $100,000 note was said
to have been made.
Samuel returned to his son's house
to live, and it is to Id- that all of the
old man's affections seemed centered
on his two grandsons. Edmond ' and
Stanley, Gawn's two children.
The story goes that finally- a settle
ment between the two men, Samuel
and William, came up. They met at
Gawn's house on the sth day of Sep
tember, 1877. Gawn was not at home.
The men talked over their business
transactions and it was agreed that
Sam would turn over to Bill the $20,000
paid him by his son and that William
would give a note for a balance of
$100,000. Samuel then asked to have
the note drawn up for that amount
payable to Mary Helen Murdock. to fall
due in twenty years, so as to mature
about the time his two grandsons be
came of age, the money to be for their
: benefit.
Mrs. Murdock wrote the note. Bill
signed it — and that's how and why the
note was made, according to the story.
The evidence already given in court
tells the details of the whereabouts of
the note from that time to this and
circumstances in relation to it.
Gawn Murdock, the husband of the
holder of the note, has been closely
cross-examined ' and his testimony
stands unshaken. He told of meeting
Hill Murdock at Chico a day or two
after the date of the note. Bill said
to him: "Gawn, you, needn't be mad
at me any more. I have settled with
your father. He gave me $20,000 and
I have given my note for $100,000. pay
able to Mary, twenty years after date."
Gawn returned home and his wife
showed him the note. They wrapped
it up carefully, put it in a vial, which
they then sealed, and after bottling the
vial, placed the bottle in a powder can
and buried it in the barn.
After ten or eleven years the note
was dug un and was seen by several
persons In Sacramento and in San
Franc
Gawn testified that his wife wished
to borrow money on the note from one
li. S. Megginson. He and his wife met
Megginson in the pavilion at Sacra
mento in 18M and the matter was
talked of. Bill Murdock was in the
pavilion . and they found him, intro
duced Megginson and brought up the
subject. Megginson told Bill that Mrs.
Parkhurst," said Mr. Lexow, "what is your case?" I told Mr. Lexow
that we were not presenting a case, that it was the duty of the
investigating committee to make its case, provided it could secure
the necessary evidence, and we believed that it could. AVhy, do you
know, those men actually thought that ai! they would have to do
would be to come to New York and find the evidence all ready to
place before them.
Therefore I say that your ordinary legislative committee Is, by
Itself, totally unfit to carry on an investigation of this sort. Its
members are not familial with the city. They do not know where
to look for evidence, and if their counsel happens to be as ignorant
as they it is a simple impossibility that the inquiry should amount
to anything. These investigations must and will be conducted by 1
men thoroughly familiar with the .municipality under fire. The
counsel must be a man who knows his city, who is familiar with the
ways of the police, and is too' shrewd a man to be deceived by the
subterfuges that are sure to be resorted to.
There ls more corruption in. big cities to-day than there ever
has been. There always will be corruption while the police are free
to levy tribute and the criminal and vicious classes generally un
derstand they can buy protection.' New York has been held up to
the country as the most vicious case. I say that what is true of'
the police of New York is true of the police of Philadelphia, Chicago.
Detroit, Cincinnati, Indianapolis, St. Louis, and in fact of every
city in this country In which 50,000 persons live.
I am not making a general arraignment. AA hati I say is the
result of information which . has been communicated to me from
unquestioned sources. I doubt if people In general have noticed the
signs of action in the various municipalities. These signs are in the
form of meetings of, one sort and another, all tending to give ex
pression to popular objection to existing municipal conditions, ob- <
jections that are bound to bear fruit, and . fruit that will not be
nipped in the bud. It is. not a question of* politics or of religion!
beyond the fact that religion enters more or less into every question!
. The residents of every municipality must take a lesson from the
bosses. AVhen strife narrows down to a personal interest, the bosses
put party aside, really, and agree to act according to their personal*
interests. This ls exactly what the people* must do, and it is just
what they are eolne to do. . Take New York city as an instance of
"Did tl/iliiam 7/fur^
dock Sign the ZProm~
issory jfoto Over
which a Score of
iPeopie Jtre battling,
in Court?
Murdock wished to borrow some money
on his $100,000 note and he (Megginson)
wanted to know if the note was good.
.The reply was that the note was good
and would be paid when due.
The strongest testimony was that of
T. J. Kirkpatrick, a roan who lias lived
near the Murdock place for forty-three
years and who bears a splendid repu
tation. He was intimately acquainted
with both Sam and Bill Murdock and
was a Justice of the Peace in early
days and at the time the business deais
between Sam and Bill were mada,
Kirkpatrick testified that he heard a
conversation between the two men,
when Bill was trying to get a reduc
tion from 12 to 10 per cent of the in
terest rate on a note held by Mary.
He also stated that at Sam's request
he drew up an affidavit in the form of
a statement, by Sam, of the indebted
ness of William to him, giving as his
reason that he wanted to protect his
grandchildren. The affidavit was pro
duced, identified by Kirkpatrick, and
read in court. It ads as follows:
OLIMPO, Colusa County, Cal.,
October 31, 1879.— 1, Samuel Mur
dock, will make a true state
ment of the business transec
tions that has existed between
myself and William Murdock,
both of Colusa County, State of
California, Postoffice Kana
wa. I began loaning money to
the said "William Murdock in the
years of 1861 or '62, I will not say
which, and did continue to loan
to the said William Murdock my
money until 1877. The first he
borrowed from me w as money
that was left to me by my
father's estate and my brother
William Murdock, who had pre
viously died in Grisley Bend,
Butte County. I let him have
$4000 the first loan. I then loaned
him the money that I sold my
wool and sheep for from year
to year and trusted to William
Murdock to keep the accounts,
as I had no education". I think
he kept the books as correct as
ne could until the last transac
—the settlement with Gawn
Murdock. I loaned him $5000 in
April, 1576, and when I made my
final settlement With Gawn
Murdook I loaned AVilliam Mur
dock $20,000.- September 5, 1877,
• which was about two years ago.
I have settled, with William
Murdock and have taken a note
from him for the amount due
me, dated September 5, 1877, and
. made payable to Mary H. Mur
dock, for the benefit of my two
grandsons, Edmond and Samuel
Murdcck, and due twenty years
from date.
His
SAMUEL (X) MURDOCK.
Mark.
The affidavit bears the acknowledg
ment seal of Justice of the Peace T. J.
Kirkpatrick, and is dated October 31,
1879.
Trial of the big case Is now going on
before a jury at Willows. Interest and
principal now amount to nearly $350,
--000.' and each side is represented by
high-priced and clever lawyers.
' Kirkpatrick testified that Bill Mur
dock read the affidavit and said it was
all right. ,
Mrs. Helen Murdock testified that she
was at Allen Springs in 1577. In Sep
tember of that year she received word
from Samuel, her husband's father, to
return to her home at once. She did
so, arriving on the night of September
4. The next day "William Murdock came
to the house. The two men discussed
business matters alone and then Sam
uel called her into the room.
On a table were pens, ink, some pa
pers, a . blank note and many piles of
twenty-dollar pieces. A powder can
containing gold coin was near the table.
The money had been brought in to the
house by Samuel from the cellar. Sam
uel asked her to write the note, telling
her to make it .like another one he
showed her, which was for $26,000, only
to make the amount $100,000. the inter
est one per cent per month, the time
twenty years after date, payable to her
self. William read the note after she
had written it and he then signed it.
Samuel then stated that the note was
to be for the benefit of her sons, his
grandsons, when* they became of age.
the first comparison: Mr. Piatt is a Republican, Mr. Croker is a
Democrat. Ostensibly they v are bitter political foes. In reality they
work together. There was no talk of an investigation in New York
until. Mr. Piatt returned from Florida and went to Albany. Mr. Piatt
Inspired the appointment of this committee. It is stated that Mr.
Croker will be questioned by the committee. If he is the questions
will not be such as to cause him any annoyance, and if, at any time,
this Mazet investigation should reach a point where either political
party leaders would be" seriously injured it will be shelved. It makes
less difference about the small fry, but the politicians in high places
are sure to receive protection. Mr. Piatt will not allow Mr. Croker
to be personally injured. Mr. Piatt is in. power in- the Legislature.
Mr. Croker will not allow Mr. Piatt to be injured. Mr. Croker is in
power in New York city. You ask who will be injured? Why, the
people, of course. They always are when it comes to a question be
tween them and the bosses.
The time to begin an investigation is just before an election.
An investigation held at any other time is almost sure to be of small
effect. No matter how much the public learns as to how badly it
has been abused it forgets all about it in a comparatively short time.
The probe is felt. when it is inserted, but the wound soon heals and
only the scar remains. Therefore the time for punishment of those
who have wounded the body oolitic should be immediately after the
injury is discovered. It is useless to conduct an investigation that
Is not going to produce results that will benefit the people. We know
that New York's police are corrupt. AYe know that criminals buy
immunity. We know that vice is shielded because the police are
paid for shielding it. A really bona fide and searching investigation
would prove this to any one's satisfaction, because proof is plenty.
But, as I say, though all this may be laid before the public, there
is no remedy which would be effective that will be applied as long
as the municipality Is under the control, of the people who are now
in power. There would simply be a change of methods. The cor
ruption would be as great as ever.
I believe the city and country have had their fill of being ruled
by vice because of their own inaction. There never was any neces
sity for it. and there. is none now. The revolt is coming. It will be
an uprising of the people, and it will include every one of our great
cities. '...'•■• . . •
The men counted the money to the
amount of $20,000. which was taken by
"William after being put into two can
vas sacks, and two notes were handed
over to William, who tore them up.
One of these notes was the one copied
from and was for $26,000: the other one
was for a smaller amount.
Under cross-examination by General
Barnes Mrs. Murdock said she was 34
years of age when the note was signed.
The number "93" on the corner of the
note she thought she copied from
another note. She was questioned very
closely as to the kind of pens and ink
used. The defense evidently puts great
stress on these points, as they will have
considerable bearing when the expert
testimony is till in.
E. L. Robinson, an attorney, testi- '
fied that he saw the $100,000 note in i
Sacramento in 1877. He was Intro- J
duced to Mrs. Murdock by a Dr. Hicks
and he heard the latter talking to
William Murdock about the note.
H. A. Skiff, at one time in the em*j
ploy of Gwan Murdock, but now a con- '
ductor for the Southern Pacific, heard:
"William Murdock say to . Mrs. Mary'
Helen Murdock in 1890: "You ought to^
be satisfied. You hold my note for'
$100,000 at 1 per cent interest."
Mrs. Matilda Glover of San Francisco ■-'
was at Allen Springs in September,
1577. Mrs. Murdock was there also and
was called home suddenly. She left j
her children at the springs in care of
Mrs. Glover.
Dr. W. A. Sehorn, a dentist of Wood
land, heard the late Senator Boggs
speak of a big bill that William Mur
dock owed, soon after the latter died,
and C. B. Ashurst testified that Wil
liam Murdock told him he had a big
bill to meet before he died.
William Megginson of Ohio, in an
affidavit, testified that William Mur
dock said the bill for $100,000 was all
right and in consequence he loaned
money to Mrs. Murdock on it. This
closed the case for. th plaintiff.
In his opening address for the de
fense General Barnes said he would
prove that the note was a forgery and
mat th?" crime"- wn« commuted smte
- March 12, 1390. He placed in evidence
signatures of William Murdock ad
mit., to be genuine, written at various
times between 1872 and 1893.
There is the full story and the out
line of the evidence as given up to this
time. The story seems probable, yet
the defense claim they will knock it
into splinters'.
Four famous experts on oncography
say the signature is a bungling and
barefaced forgery, and it will be
claimed, and probably testified, that old
Bill on his deathbed denied that he ever
gave such a note.
Affidavits published shortly after Bill
Murdock's death state,', that he did
positively deny the making of any such
paper.
The claim will be called absurd by the
defense, and the idea of this miserly
bachelor giving such a note to a wo
man not of his kin will bo ridiculed.
It Is a strange case. The matter of
Ih-- Gigr.'n:.' up of large tuns fiom un
der woodpiles and in out-of-the-way
lilacs is sneered at by the attorneys.
Yet such was the practice in those
days, and a hired man of old Bill Mur
dock used to tell of his once dig
gin? up while plowing $10,000 in gold
which had been buried in an old iron
pot.
What will the twelve men decide?
If Mary Helen Murdock's claim Is
held good the estate of old Bill Murdock
will be insolvent, and his last will and
testament will be just so much waste
paper.
■ » .
A warning; is Issued by Mr. W. J. Ark
roll, a London veterinary surgeon, to
families in which eats are kept, against
allowing them to be in the house while
suffering trom a mere cold.
"I have recently discovered," he writes,
"that in many parts of the west ana
northwest of London a number of the
feline race have been stricken with in
fluenza, and of a most dangerous form.
As the epidemic may be contracted from
pets, it behooves ladles and gentlemen
not to handle or fondle afflicted animals.
"I would particularly forewarn them
not to allow children to play with or go
near to a cat or dog which appears to
have only contracted a slight cold." —
» ♦ ■
Very frequently circumstances alter
kisses.26
£* *S HE promise of "gayer times
' after Lent" has failed of fulfill
ment and events of much impor
tance are few and far between.
£_> The most agreeable happening of
the week seems to have been the
announcement of the engagement of Miss
Mamie Burling to Surgeon John Evelyn
Page. U. S. N., which has given rise to
no end of complimentary sayings.
The prospect for the coming week is
not much more cheerful, at least not for
lovers of dancing and evening parties, as
there is nothing of this sort scheduled.
Indeed, the euchre party to be given by
Mrs. William Kohl on Thursday and the
tea which Mrs. Newhall and Mrs. E. AY.
Newhall are to give next Friday are the
only announcements made.
• • •
Oakland has been wresting the honors i
from San Francisco in the matter of en
tertaining recently, and affairs social are
booming in the little city across the bay.
The most brilliant affair of the week of
course was the reception which Mr. and
Mrs. F. M. Smith gave on Wednesday
evening at their charming home, Arbor
Villa, In East Oakland, to which over 1300
gursts from both sides of the bay were
bidden.
Then on Tuesday there was the lunch
eon at the Piedmont Club house, at which
the members of the Cosmos Club were
enter! by Mrs. Minor Goodall, Mrs.
William Morris and Mrs. Frank ' Brown
of Oakland, and on Wednesday the din
ner given by Mrs. William Magee at her
home in Fruitvale In honor of Miss Belle
Mhoon. -us. engagement to Frederick
M.-_. was announced last week. Those
who attended this delightful affair were:
Colonel and Mrs. Oscar F. Long. Mr. and
Mrs. Mark L. Requa, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Mage, Jr., Miss Belle Mhoon,
Miss Marguerite Jolliffe, Miss Jessie Glas
cock, Dr. Herbert Mortitt. Alexander j
Baldwin and Frederick Magee. <
There are a number of prospective |
brides and grooms a.. -res- the bay and i
each couple has furnished the motif for j
numerous luncheons and dinners, promi- j
nent among which were those given by j
Mrs. Orestes Pierce, Mrs. C. O. G. Miller j
and Mrs. Oscar F. Long.
» . •
Mrs. Charles Webb Howard and Mrs. .
O. Shafter Howard will receive on Thurs- j
days in April at their home In Oakland.
Mrs. Socrates Huff has .sent out cards j
for a card party to be give;,, at her home I
ln San Leandro May 3.
* • •
The marriage of Miss • Katherine Cun- j
ningham and Frank Boggs, son of the late
Senator John Boggs, will take place next i
Sunday at the bride's home In Stockton.
Owing to the recent death of the groom's
father the wedding will be a very quiet ;
one, only relatives and intimate friends •
having been Invited. The young couple \
n.-11l ......■__ on tlit. afternoon r.i in for a
honeymoon trip, returning in a fen v%._i\.._
to take possession of a new house just
completed and handsomely furnished, the !
groom's present to his bride.
. . .
The following item, which appeared in
an Eastern paper, will be of interest to j
San Franciscans:
"The marriage last AVednesdav at Co
lumbus. Ohio, of Miss Ethel Rodgers.
youngest daughter of Major A. AY. Rod
gers, and Albert J. Dlbblee of San Fran- I
cisco, is one of the most important of re- I
cent hymeneal events in that city. Miss !
Rodgers is considered the handsomest of ]
the season's debutantes, and belonging as
she does to the oldest families of Colum- !
bus, the Lyne Starlings and Lucas Sulli- j
vants. her marriage has awakened no lit
tle Interest. The bridegroom is a brother
of 'Ben' Dlbblee. captain of the Harvard
football team, who was his best man, and
Is himself a Harvard graduate of the '
class of '.4. H. Forbes of Boston, Rufus
King of New A'ork and Walter Hobart of
San Francisco acted as ushers at the !
wedding. Miss Williams, a sister-in-law
of Mr. Hobart, was maid of honor, and the
list of bridesmaids included Miss Pepper '.
PRIEST-COMPOSER PEROSI
DON LORENZO PEROSI, the young I
priest-composer, "the Wagner of •
church music," as one of his en
thusiastic admirers has called |
him. is still the sensation of the
day in Italy. A few weeks ago
his new oratorio, "The Resurrec- •
tion," was produced In Milan, and, like Its j
three predecessors, made a tremendous
impression.
Not only musical Italy but all musical ;
Europe Is stirred up over the remark
able work of this youthful clerical mu
sician, who, for the time being at least,
has thrown in the shade his fellow coun
trymen, the opera composers of the new
Italian school, the Mascagnis, the Leon- '
cavallos, the Pucclnls and their associ- I i
ates. Unfortunately, the American pub- | i
He may have to wait some time before lt :
will have an opportunity of hearing any
of Don Perosl'e oratorios given In full,
with adequate vocalists and orchestra, as
It is said his publishers demand $5000 for
the rights, a sum which no manager has j
thus far seen fit to pay.
Some idea of Perosl's striking person- |
ality, of the character of his work as ex- | i
emplified in his latest oratorio, and of the '
feeling which It inspires ln its audiences j
may be had from a recent article by a
Milan correspondent of the London Daily
Telegraph. ,
At last the disappointed ones have had I
their will, und those who waited for Pe
res! have seen him face to face, writes I
the telegraph correspondent. The extra .
performances of "La Risurrc-zlone di '
Cnsto have proved in no way supcrflu* '
ous, for a throng just as numerous as ;
before seized upon the available tickets
almost as soon as their issue was an- .
nounced. Yesterday afternoon the atrium j
fronting the ancient Church of St. Am
brose might have been the approach to a I
popular playhouse, so eagerly were Its i
New Theory of Ideal Marriage.
MISS FLORENCE HUNTLEY, in her
book upon "Harmonica of Evolu
tion," has essayed to place perfect
marriage upon a mathematical
basis. She used Robert O. Ingersoll as an
example, rating him as "a man whose
life Ib lived largely upon the physical
plane, with strong appetites and pas
sions." She Bays that the average
woman ls "a medium* physical organiza
tion, an average psychical development
and a strong and sensitive spiritual or
of Kentucky and Miss Anita Dibblee of
San Francisco."
Mr. and Mrs. Dibblee will make their
home with Mr. Dibblee's mother in Ross
A'alley.
• • •
George Crocker was the guest of honor
at an elaborate dinner party last Thurs
day evening given by Henry J. Crocker.
The table was handsomely decorated and
a string orchestra played throughout the
dinner. Those at table besides the host
and his guest of honor were: William H.
Crocker, William G. Irwin, Clinton E.
Warden. Frederick W. Zeile, Henry T.
Scott. E. AY. Hopkins. T. S. Bullock, W.
Mayo Newhall,* Walter S. Hobart. Rus
sell .1. Wilson, Chauncey R. AVinslow.
Henry Veuve, J. W. Byrne. Joseph B.
Crockett. Robert K. Nuttall and William
F. Herrin.
--•.»;',«'■'.
Mr. and Mrs. James M. Goewey delight
fully entertained a number of friends at
dinner ..on Thursday evening. The table
decorations were pink and yellow. Those
at the table were: Mr. and Mrs. James
M. Goewey, Miss Gertrude Goewey, Miss
Jessie Fillmore, Miss Greenwood, Miss
Kip. Miss Dillon, Miss Magee, James W.
Reid, J. M. Quay. Frank King. W. W.
Chapin, J. AA*. Havens and Frederick
Greenwood.
•• . •
Mrs. James D. Whitney gave an enjoy
able luncheon recently in the Tapestry
room at the Palace Hotel. Covers were
laid for eighteen ladies and the decora
tions of pink and green were unique in
design.
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey gave a large
card party at her residence on Pacific
avenue last Thursday. Progressive eu
chre was played and trie prizes were very
handsome.
Major and Mrs. Frank A. Vail have re
turned from a two weeks' visit at Los An
geles and i 'oronado.
Mrs. A. W. Forrester of Los Angeles Is
visiting her parents. Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
McCarthy at their home in Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. C. August Spreckels, who
I have been traveling in Europe since De
: >.i,..-r. arrtvod li, Mew Yorlt :t fortnight
i ago and are expected home soon.
• * *
Judge and Mrs. W. C. A'an Fleet sailed
from New A'ork last Wednesday for
Southampton. --. .
Mrs. Albert Kautz, wife of Rear Ad
miral Kautz, U. S. N.. accompanied by
Mrs. William G. Miller, came up from
Southern California last week, Intending
to reside either In this city or at Mare Is
land, Admiral Kautz being in command
of the Pacific Coast squadron, with head
quarters at San Francisco.
Charles Holbrook and Miss Olive Hol
brook are making a brief visit at Paso de
Robles.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington left recently for
Santa Barbara, where she will make a
short visit.
Charles C. Kellogg and Miss Kellogg of
ITUca, N. A., are the guests of Mrs. I. S.
A'an Winkle at her cottage In San Rafael.
Mrs. Silas W. Terry, wife of Captain
Terry, U. S. N., of the lowa, and Miss
Terry arrived from Washington. D. C,
during the week and are stopping at the
Palace Hotel.
. *.V • *
Mr. and Mrs. William S. Tucker (nee
Excited Audience Crowds the Church of St. Ambrose,
Milan, to Hear the Latest Oratorio of the Young
"Wagner of Church Music"
' precincts invaded by the expectant ones.
i Nor, I am bound to. say, was the parallel
lost in the interior of the basilica.
The audience— for I can scarcely de
scribe the gathering as a congregation
surged and murmured in the side chapels
like a stormy political meeting.
This outburst was at last merged in
the applause that greeted the young
; priest-composer as he mounted the ros
trum' set tor him beyond the high altar
; and Its cupola. Of the choristers and In
' strumentalists one saw scarcely anything,
! for nearly all were screened from view by
'■ the arrangement of the orchestra. But
the figure of Lorenzo Perosi in black cas
sock could be looked upon by all, framed
in the columns of porphyry that support
the altar's gilded canopy. Here stood the
young priest, baton in hand, with his
' musicians massed round him in the choir
i of the church, and behind him a gather
ing of .listeners filling even the remote
| corners of the furthermost chapels. -
But before speaking of impressions
formed at yesterday's performance it
may be as well to say 'something of the
: composer who has made his way so
swiftly to the heart of the Italian na
j tion. Lorenzo Perosi is 26 years of age.
I He was born at Tortona in 1572, and his
i love for the art of music was fostered
; from his earliest years. More fortunate
j than Handel and other composers, whose
! genius had to rise superior to their
youthful surroundings, Perosi sprang
from a family in which a musical educa
tion was a matter of course. His first
: lessons he received from his father, who
I was himself an organist of some ability
; 9 So apt a pupil did young Lorenzo show
I himself, and so. quickly did he win Juve
-1 nile distinction as pianist, organist and
ganlsm." ;7-*7
You represent all kinds of people by
triangles, thus: MN is the physical
side of man. MA his spiritual side and
NA the psychical, and the three sides
of the triangle are of varying thickness.
Of course, the perfect man or woman
would be an equilateral triangle, like
No. 1;. but there's no use looking for
such a person. - ,:'y.
The primitive man (figure 3) has a
physical nature developed at the expense
of his finer Qualities. Figure 4 might bo
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
SOCIETY
Whittier) will leave next week for Geor
fla, where they will visit at the home of
ir. Tucker's parents.
Mrs. William S. u'hitwell left last week
for an extended Eastern trip.
N. K. Masten and Joseph M. Masten
have gone to Phoenix, Ariz.
A. L. Langermann left for Europe yes
terday to be gone several months.
-..•■' *'•■■■ *'*.. •:
Mrs. J. Lando and daughter will leave
on Thursday for a trip to Portland, Or.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Comte Jr. will leave on
Monday for their country home, Rose Cot
tage. Woodside, San Mateo.
Mrs. Nathan Goldsmith leaves to-day
for Charleston, AY. A'a., on a visit to rela
tives, "•'•ivy- -
Mrs. I. AY. Cahen and her son Louis
and maid are in San Jose for a few days.
':"','.' *.. :■'. * c' : " *"-
The fifth anniversary of the organiza
tion of Company A, L. C. C, was cele
brated in Golden Gate Hall on Friday
evening. The entertainment and ball was
well attended.
The liftv-fourth meeting of the Fort
nightly, San Mateo's literary and musical
society, was held last Thursday evening
at the residence of D. W. Donnelly at
Burlingame. The following were present:
Mr. and Mrs. G. AY. Dickie. Mr. and Mrs.
J. H. Doane, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Palmer,
Mr. and Mrs. D. F. Walker, Mr. and Mrs.
D. AY. Donnelly, Mr. and Mrs. W. B.
Lawrence, Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Biven, Mr.
and Mrs. N. Greathead. Mr. and Mrs. C.
11. Kirkbride, Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Potter,
Mrs. Phil M. Roedel, Mrs. E. W. A'an
Slvke, Miss Lotta Anthony, Miss Clara
Pnulln. Mrs. S. K. Whipple, Miss Smith,
Miss Robinson. Miss Fannie Soule, Miss
Belle 1 'eimison. Miss Clara Roedel. Miss
Louise Ferree, Miss Dakln, Rev. George
Wallace. Dr. Sisson, A. Smith, Mr. Pal
mer. C. N. Kirkbride. Walter Johnstone,
William Dickie. Alexander Dickie, Charles
Roedel. AY. D. Read and F. Dickie. .
There was a pretty wedding at Mrs. C.
L. Wrigley's residence, 2304 Post street,
Wedm sday evening. April 19, the con
tracting parties being Miss Helen Wrlg
lev ancl Milton J. Tompkins. Rev. M. W.
Will turns or -tho a\ -*i sin., v mistian
Church performed the ceremony.. The
bride was attended by her sister. Miss
Haiti" Wrigley. as maid of honor, and
Joseph Vent officiated as best man. The
bride was elegantly attired in a dress of
white organdie over white satin. The
groom is the proprietor of the Crystal
Springs Ranch dairy and son of J. Tomp
kins capitalist. The bridesmaid was at
tired in blue organdie with blue satin
ribbons and wore a corsage bouquet of
choice roses. The mother of the bride
wore a handsome black silk crepon
trimmed with white appliqued chiffon and
spangles: ornaments diamonds. Mr. and
Mrs. Tompkins took the morning train
for Del Monte, where they will remain a
week before making a tour of this State
and Nevada. They will return in a few
weeks to their new home on Post street,
the gift of the groom's father, and will
be at home Thursdays. Among those
present at the wedding were:
Mrs. C. L. AVrigley, Miss Hattie
AA'rigley. Mr. and Mrs. J. Tompkins, Mil
ton J. Tompkins, George and Clarence
Tompkins, the Misses Mamie and Evelyn
Tompkins, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Vent,
composer, that he was sent to tho Insti
tute of St. Cecilia, at Rome. Here fur
ther tuition and encouragement fell to
him. and at Ratisbon also he continued
studies which led him always to contem
plate the church and Its music. As quite
a young man Perosi was nominated to a
professorship at the Conservatory of
Parma, but inclination led him to Venice,
where, confirming vows he had already
taken, he assumed the ecclesiastical
habit.
' At Venice the priest-composer found
himself amid surroundings that brought
him constant Inspiration, and ___c How of
music, from his pen became more and
more rapid. . : As time went on, to a num
ber of- masses, motets and other church
compositions,- there came to be added the
oratorios which first won the young musi
cian a reputation outside his own imme
diate circle. Perosi conceived the idea of
illustrating in twelve of these works the
Gospel narratives of Christ's life on earth.
In quick succession four of these oratorios
have been produced: indeed, if I am not
wrong, the last twelvemonth has given
birth to all. To "La Passlone ai Cristo"
succeeded "La Transfigurazione di Cris
to"; this was followed by "La Rlsur
rezione di Lazzaro," while the latest of
the series Is "La Risurrezlone dl Cristo,"
to which Milan has just been listening.
These are the works by which, thus far,
wo have to plumb the depths of Perosi's
genius; these are the compositions which
are fast pouring the. riches of the world
into the young priest's lap, and which
have so far won hint the Pope's pat
ronage and good will that he stands 1
to-day Maestro dl Capella at the Slstlne
Chapel. Perosi, I am told, accepts his
food fortune in a calm and modest spirit,
n person he answers to a type not un-
"an Indian chief who rules in council,"
strong physically and mentally. Figure
5 is an Indian squaw who works bead
moccasins. Figure 6 is Colonel Ingersoll.
Figure 7 is George IV of England, weak,
foolish" and sensual; weak but luxurious.
Figure 8 is the woman type. Figure 9is
the sensitive philanthropist who dies of
overwork, and figure 10 represents tho
man like Emerson, who has a strong
spiritual and ■ psychical nature firmly
posed upon a slender physical base.
Now, of course, there is an Infinite
variety of shapes of triangles possible
Fred Roettger, Miss Carrie Trinkett, Mr.
and Mrs. L. Larson, Mr. and Mrs. C.
Ramburg. Mr. and Mrs. C. Solomonson,
Mr. and Mrs. F. Backe, Frank Backe Jr..
Mrs. Ada Backe, the Misses Julia and
Katie Backe, Mr. and Mrs. Crogan. Mr.
and Mrs. J. Morrison, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Pollak. Mr. and Mrs. Vent. Mrs. Ander
son. Miss Dollie Anderson, Miss Nellie
McDermott, Mrs. Carpenter, Oscar Stein
back, Mrs. M. Saver, Miss Annie Saver,
E. Servean, the Misses Florence and Nel
lie Rooney, Miss Gertie Pollak, Miss Eve
QUEEREST BACHELORS' CLUB
IN THE WORLD.
WAUKEGAN, 111., April 5.-There
is in this city, which is -a
thriving port situated on the
west side of Lake Michigan,
thirty-five miles north of Chi
cago, one of the most singular clubs that
has come to the notice of the reading pub
-11? for some time. It is the Waukegan
Bachelors' Club, recently brought into
prominence by the singular experience of
Its first president. Dr. AY. W. Pearce. now
Mayor of this city. Some years ago Dr.
Pearce offered a prize of $50 to the mem
! ber of the club who should first become
the father of twins. The prize was won
by Dr. Pearce himself, and this queer In
stance of a man- winning his own prize,
together with the novel nature of the
competition, has called general attention
to an organization that Is one of the
most unique in existence.
The Waukegan Bachelors' Club was in
corporated under the laws of Illinois. Au
gust IS, 1891. The Incorporators of t..e
i club were: Dr. W. AY. Pearce. J. A Car
i man, A. Lloyd Logan and J. S. Shute. It
: is an organization of men banded together
1 for social fellowship and enjoyment. Con
trary to the Inference derived from the
i name, all members of the club are not
i bachelors. Originally they were, how
ever for bachelorhood is a first requisite
: for membership. The right to marry is
I given to the members by special election,
' one being chosen every year, whether It
may be- his own desire to enter the realms
of matrimonial bliss or not. There were
; seventeen charter members, and none but
! those elected to do so has ever broken
i the solemn and fraternal vow of single
! blessedness.
The club Is composed of the best pro
! fessional and business young men of the
city, the limitation of membership to twen
ty-five being the only disagreeable feature
; in the minds of the young men who long
'< lngly desire to become "Bachelors." To
' have provided by the constitution that
j members should never marry would have
j been to attempt the impossible. So, In or-
I der that the salt In the club life might
not lose its savor, with each succeeding
1 year it was decreed that one member
should be elected' to make some woman
I happy or miserable, as the outcome might
j I.e. Cuplillan vows no not deotroy the
love each one has for his alma mater, and
! at the club he is as much of a bachelor
j as his unmarried brethren. ' y /yly
The annual meeting of the club ls Its
I red-letter day. Great anxiety over the
' election is manifested in the city as well
! as ln the club, for on that day the fate of
; some, bachelor must be settled. During
j the supreme meeting the balloting is al
ways a solemn affair. Occasionally sharp
j politics are brought into play and votes
are bunched for a particular man, but
| oftener the vote is scattering, and after
! the ballots are counted some' unsuspecting
man discovers himself suddenly thrust
Into a sphere of matrimonial necessity.
With him it is a case of tie up or lose the
claim to bachelorhood— paradoxical sit
uation. '
The end. of an election ts always the
! time for an elaborate celebration. The vic
j tim— for many of them take the mandate
Iln the spirit of one victimized— is ban
- i- - --_ -. "■-.• C-- . ■_ .. 'y-.-y,>.- '.- -.--.. ■ « . ■■-
_N"ew Popular Idol of
__v__*u.sio Loving Italy.
common among the Italian priesthood.
He has a clear and benignant eye, hair
that curls upward from the forehead, and
a downward twist to. the corners of his
mouth that would seem to betoken a de
termined if not an obstinate spirit.
What, then, are, the characteristics of
these new oratorios?
Chiefly, one notes the absence of set
recitatives and airs, and the preponder
ance of irregular phrases, either fluent or
declamatory, , designed to enforce the
, meaning and sentiment of the words de
livered by the soloists. Sometimes these
are supported for awhile by a consistent
Instrumental figure; sometimes the ac
companiment is more undecided in shape;
sometimes it verges on the amorphous.
The works are divided into parts, and
each part shows an abundance of sections
which, although "full closes" are fre
quent, are intended to follow one another
without a break. The choruses, many of
which have a Gregorian foundation, give
the works their chief grandeur, and must
needs be most moving in performance.
I have said that Perosi has not resisted
modern influences, and the most super
ficial examination of his music will estab
lish this fact. With a show of severe
counterpoint he mingles dissonances, some
of which are too harsh to be even touched
upon a. pianoforte and call for all the
softening that strings can give them. In
the freedom of his wanderings from key
to key. too, he follows his operatic com
patriots..-
The new oratorio is orchestrated with
none of the lavish color to which young
Italy is addicted. Perosi chooses instead
a sober and dignified manner, which be
comes his music well.
hat will Lorenzo Perosi do with his
victory? Will he remain the priest-com
poser, or will the day come when we shall
speak of him as the composer priest? Will
his church or his art hold him the faster?
Thus far the church has the mastery
Perosi has taken his triumph with becom
ing modesty, and he remains firmly set in
his intention to devote his gifts to the sole
service of his Creator. That he may con
tinue in this spirit will be the desire of all
who hear and consider his music.
upon the same base, not to speak of the
big and little triangles which represent
big and little natures. • •
Now as to marriage. In Mrs. Huntley's
conception each side of the triangle is a
fiddle-string. If the man's psychical,
physical and spiritual sides twang In
harmony with those of a woman they
may safely marry. Unison is as unneces
sary as It is impossible.
All this is more or less intelligible, but
when reduced to practice it moans that
husband and wife. should be so constituted
as to "get along well together." j
lyn Peterson, Miss L. Nelson, Miss J.
Gouailhardon, Miss B. Gouallhardon. Miss
Alice Garson. B. Eckland, William W.
Broderick, Miss L. Broderick, Miss C.
Katherine. William Vent, Sol Sanders,
AVilliam Campbell, Charles Childs, Rev.
M. W. AVllliams. Fay Morrell, Henry and
Dave AVempy, Mrs. Burns, George M.
Kelly. " . '
The Monteford Club will be given a
benefit performance by its members next
Thursday evening at Golden Gate Hall.
The evening's entertainment will consist
of a minstrel show, followed by a dance.
The first reception of the De Koven
Club will be held at Mission Opera Hall
on Thursday, April 27.
An assembly and german will be given
on Friday evening, the 2Sth, at Golden
Gate Hall by the Lockwood Cotillion
Club. A very Interesting programme has
been arranged. , -.:.
The Germanla Club will hold Its
twenty-sixth annual excursion and picnic
at Mirabel Park, on Russian River, Sun
day, April 30. Excursion will leave Ti
buron ferry, foot of Market street, at 5:45
a m. The committee of arrangements
are: A. Vogler, - chairman; H. Muller,
treasurer, and H. D. Ascher, secretary.
Following are the arrivals at. Highland
Springs for the past week: Charles Jor
dan. Red Bluff; H. C. Ingram and wife,
Irvington; AY. H. Hilllard and wife, New
j York; AY. T. Welcker. Berkeley; J. R.
i Rosie, Santa Rosa; Mr. and* Mrs. AY.
Brewster, Valentine; Norman Selby and
: wife and J. A. Delahay, New A'ork; R. G.
Fitzgibbon, Toronto; Ed P. Fish, H. S.
; M. Matthews, D. Van Iderstine. H. M.
I Lewis and W. M. Gridley and wife, San
Francisco. .. 'y.y ■""..'■'.
queted and made the hero of the hour.
Thus far all who have been elected to
renounce a life of single blessedness have
succeeded before their year ran out In
convincing local or distant belles that
they are among the handsomest and best
of men. Members who have been elected
to matrimony are: J. P. Hull, W. E.
Warden, T. H. Durst, Dr. G. H. Slyfleld,
C. E. Shultls, Dr. Percival Pearce. Dr. W.
AY. Pearce, AY. I. Lyon and E. P. Bidln
ger.
Several years ago Dr. W. W. Pearce
was the choice of the club. Soon after
election day he made a trip to Boston and
brought home the intellectual bride, who
recently presented him with twins. The
occurrence was doubly Interesting, inas
much as the Mayor won his own medal,
which he says he will always be proud to
wear.
The Mayor's brother, Dr. Percival
Pearce, was elected to be married in 1895.
The summer had scarcely passed when
he led to the altar Miss Jessie Cooke,
daughter of Homer Cooke, one of Chi
cago's leading attorneys.. He met the
young lady while rusticating at the club's
summer retreat at Third Lake, in his own
county. Last year R. F. Bidinger, a
leading shoe dealer of the city, and Town
ship Assessor, was the chosen one of the
club, and he was married before the end
of the year. Another election in recent
years was William I. Lyon, who found a
lovely bride In Poughkeepsie, N. Y. He
Is a son of Hon. G. R. Lyon, a leading
member of the Illinois Legislature.
No club Is more patriotic than the Bach
elors'. When war broke out with Spain
the patriotic spirit of every member was
aroused to the highest pitch. Most of
■ them were prosperous men with business
on hand that they could not leave, yet
nil recognized the fact that they should
be represented in the conflict for Cuban
freedom. Accordingly the ballot box was
resorted to and a representative was
elected to serve in the ranks of the United
States army. A\ . C. Parker was the
choice. He Joined the Illinois Calvary,
Troop M. yy
The present officers of the Bachelors'
Club are: Cyrus Blodgett. president; Ar
thur Smith, vice president; Theodore
Durst, secretary and treasurer: "Dr. Por.
clval Pearce, chaplain.
The headquarters of the club ls at
Third Lake, in Lake County, Illinois,
where their summer houses and beautiful
grounds are situated. The Old Maid is
their famous sailboat, known as the
champion all over the string of lakes In
that vicinity.
No organization ever contained a more
sociable lot of people, and when ladies'
day at the clubhouse comes around every
year the climax of the pleasure season is
reached. Four degrees are conferred on
members by the bachelors, as follows:
Junior Bachelor. Senior Bachelor. Married
Bachelor and Most Reverend Bachelor.
The last is conferred only once in seven
years and on the chaplain alone.
. It Is to be hoped that some way will be
found of perpetuating the organization,
but with the compulsory marriage rule
in operation the name will necessarily
have to be changed some day to the an
omalous one of Married Bachelors' Club.
♦ <***•
♦ The Sunday Call, 32 ♦
4> pages, delivered ab your *
<$> home by mail for $1 50 <§>
**> a year. Subscribe for it. -*»
<*» •*>
Father Perosj Directing His New Oratorio in -St. Ambrose's Church, Milan
The following Californians are among !
the cabin passengers on the Hamburg
American liner Graf Waldersee, which
.sailed from New A'ork Saturday, the 22d
inst.". for Hamburg: O. Schoemann. F.
Roeding, Mrs. M. D. Cohn. Miss D. Cohn,
John Nelson, Andrew Full, Mrs. M. Jur
gens. Mrs. Margraff and- child and Mr.
and Mrs. A. Hae'slich. ;-::
A oirtndav' surprise party was given to
Miss Eva Wright at her home. 2616 Twen
ty-flrst street, Thursday evening, April 13. I
Among those present were: Bertie Banks.
Miss Eva AVinckelmann, Charles AVinek
elmann. Harry AVinckelmann, Miss Thel
ma Anderton. Robert Anderton. Miss Hat
tie Katz, Bertie Katz, Harry Katz. Char
lie Nicol. Miss Lizzie Nicol. Miss Lucy
Tillie, Charlie Tillie. John Smith, Harry
Smith. Miss Lillie Jansen. Otto Anderson,
Miss Marion Woolford, Miss Aggie Spar
row, Miss Gertie Sparrow. Willie Griffin,
Miss Evelyn Mars, Fritz Bauer, Miss Es
ther Bauer, Miss Josie Brown. AVillie
Wright. Harry Wright. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Banks, Miss Ada Edwards, Mrs. Henry
AA'lnckelmann, J. Avers, Miss M. Rice, A:
B. Tait. Mrs. Darling. J. Mulligan and
Mr. and Mrs. George AA 7 A\ right.
The Nocturnes gave an "at-home" on
Friday evening at Cochran-McNear Hall
in San Rafael. The following were
present: The Misses Alice and Agnes
Harrison, Miss Edith Stadfelt. Miss Smyth.
Miss K. Kinsella, Miss Johnson, Miss
Jeanette I. Saunders. Misses Martha and
Lena Nichols, Miss Olivia Peterson, Miss
Marie Dollar. Miss Mabel Present, the
Misses Wosser, Misses J. and M. Richard
son. Miss Edna Heelev. Miss Abrams, Miss
Zelma Walker. Airs. Hunter, Ralph Pres
cott, Ray Prescott. George C. Farrell, Roy
Barney, Stanley Dollar, AVilliam Scott,
George Scott, Robert Foster, F. L. Seibel,
R. Johnson. Melville Dollar. H. Walker,
F. Heeley. E. Hayden. AY. Yates. R. Koch,
Dr. Dubois. G. herzog. AY. Mays. H.
AValker. Rudolph Lichtenberg.AV. Foulkes
and T. Barr.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Semeria entertained
a number of their friends with music at
their home, 1096 Union street, last Thurs
day evening. The following were pres
ent: Mrs. R. Grimmon, Mrs. A. Young.
Mrs. C. Semeria, Mrs. J. M. Semeria, Mrs.
D. Hereford, Mrs. Tranganee, Miss
Spence, Miss F. Muller, Miss S. Henrici,
Miss C. Semeria, Miss K. Tranganee, Miss
F. AVorth, Miss C. Rickardson; Miss
Goode, Miss C, Genazzi. Miss Carrie Gen
azzl, H. Medley, Dr. Hereford, W.
AA right, W. A'an Brunt. A. Medley, R.
Foster. C. A. Howland, B. Schmidt, W.
Manning Jr.. C. Kuss. E. Wise, P. Gor
don. J. Newman. E. Lampe, G. Johnson,
E. Copeland. C. Penthony, F. AVahlen, W.
Ramiry, E. Lyons, J. M. Semeria and W.
A. Genesy.
General and Mrs. W. E. Scott gave a
very enjoyable dinner party on Wednes
day evening, April 12. at the Hotel Mira
mar. The party consisted of General and
Mrs. W. E. Scott. Mr. and Mrs. H. Hoff
man, Dr. M. Wilson. Mrs. AY. Phaff, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Hoffman, J. Jackson. Mrs.
E. H. Tylor and Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Hoffman.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Greenblatt celebrated
their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary
Saturday. April 15.
The announcement has just been made
of the wedding of Robert L. Harrington,
the popular representative of Caley & Ro
ller, and Miss Bertha Simon, daughter of
Joseph Simon, wholesale crockery dealer.
The ceremony was performed March 17,
but has been kept secret for fear of pa
rental displeasure, the contracting parties
being of different religious beliefs. This
obstacle to happiness having been over
come the young people will start south
to-morrow on a wedding trip.
•Mr. and Mrs. Landry C. Babin announce
the engagement of their daughter, Marie
Babin, to Frederick T. Martens of San
Francisco.
The engagement reception of Miss Etta
Popular Novelists Who
Write Against Fleeting Time
ALTHOUGH no English writer can i
rival in productiveness the late I
Mr. Halsey, the sensational nov- j
elist of America, who left be- j
hind him no fewer than six hun- j
dred novels and made light of completing
a novel of 100,000 words within a week, j
says a contributor to Tit Bits, we have j
many writers of fiction who have achieved
marvelous records as writers.
The average English novelist is content
to produce one novel a year; a feat which
cannot be despised When we consider that j
the average novel contains from one hun- j
dred and fifty to two hundred thousand j
words, .and that merely to copy it would
represent a month's hard work, writing j
five or six hours a day. Several of our j
novelists, however, have produced three, j
four, and even five of these novels in a
single year; three have a joint life record
of 230 novels; and at least two have aver
aged two and a half novels for every year
of their writing life. "7 7
In the newest school of writers S. R.
Crockett, the author of "The Stickit Min
ister," takes the palm for fecundity in
numbers, if not In volume of his novels.
His first novel, the famous "Stickit Min
ister," was produced as recently as 1893;
but Its success was such a stimulus to
Mr. Crockett's Industry that 1894 saw four
of Its successors, and in six years its au
thor has written and produced fifteen
novels, or almost as many as Mr. Black
more has produced In thirty-five years.
Mr. Barrle is content wjth a much slow
er rate of production. He began well by
publishing four novels .In his first two
years, but, singularly enough, his first
really successful novel, "The Little Min
ister," seems to have given a check to his
Industry as a writer of fiction, for in all
the lnterevenlng seven years only two of
Mr. Barrle's novels have seen the light.
"Lan Maclaren," like Mr. Barrie, is con
tent to go slowly and to produce one book
a year; quite enough, by the way, for
' Michael and Aaron Al Lewis will be held
to-day from 2 to 5 p. m. at 152S O Farrell
The'engagement is announced of H.*W.
The engagement is announced of H. A\ .
| Leveridge and Miss L. Carash of Oak-
The engagement is announced of Dr.
Edgar Reeve Bryant of San Francisco.
son of the late Dr. B. Bryant, the well
known pioneer physician, to Miss Betty
! Tlsdale, daughter of the late AY. D. Tls
i lie of San Jose, ex-president of the First
i National Bank. The 'wedding will take
I place at high noon at Trinity Church, San
Jose, May §. - ■-■■ '_ _ -
The wedding of Miss Kate E. Lucy and
Henry I. Walter will take place May lo
( at the residence of Mrs. D. P. alter,
1120 Church street. After the ceremony
! the couple will leave for San Jose.
Alfarata Council No. 10. D. of P., will
give an apron and necktie party at Laurel
Hall. Shiels building, April 28.
Mrs. A. F. Moore will give a reception
at the Hotel Belvedere May 6. ... ■-'. v-v '..
The ninth party of the R. K. L. will take
place Tuesday evening, .May 2, at Sara
toga Hall.
Bay City Circle No. 11. Companions of
the Forest of America, will give. a cake
: walk on the 26th of April at Social Hall,
Alcazar building.
Mrs. Mary E. Hart, who for the past
six weeks has been visiting friends and
relatives in Los Angeles, returned Mon
day and will be at home Tuesdays at 108
McAllister street.
Miss Kate O'Learv, who has been the
guest of her sister, Mrs. Maurice Long, at
213. Howard street, will leave for her
: home in Worcester, Mass., this evening.
Mrs. B. D. Sloan, accompanied by her
niece. Miss Tessie L. Shin-*, has gone to
Red Bluff to visit her daughter, Mrs.
Jud Boyd.
I Dr. and Mrs. Samuel Parsons Tuggle
; have moved to the northwest corner of
Page street and Central avenue to re
! side with Major and Mrs. A\ . O. Gould.
Mrs. Max Abrams of 1228 Jackson street
! will discontinue her evenings at home
during the summer months.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Schroth, accom
i panied by their daughters, Miss Alice
• and Miss Florence Schroth, are spending
i a few weeks in Southern California.
Mrs. Isidore Myers will be at home the
first and third Tuesdays of the month.
Her sister, Miss Jacobsen, will receive
with her.
Mrs. Alfred Cohen and Miss Millie Kat
zenstein will be at home the first Tues
day of every month at HIS O'Farrell
street.
Following Is the list of arrivals at Pa
raiso Springs during the week: T. J.
Field. Monterey; A. Strecker, Soledad; A.
B. Spreckels, John Harper, San Fran
cisco; Robert Effey, Santa Cruz; M. P.
Delaney, D. A. Quinn, San Francisco; C.
T. Romie, Frijoles. New Mexico; Mrs. C.
i Dernange and child, Soledad;* Miss Grace
Perrault. Edwin Klncald, Mrs. S. J. Per
rault, Mrs. Georgia Ziff. C. G. Sawers.
H. D. Fraser, F. A. Marriott, J. Coughlan
and J. Perrault, M. D., San Francisco.
The following passengers sailed on the
steamship Mariposa last AVednesday:
For Honolulu— M. C. Aldrich. Miss
Aldrich, George C. Alferltz and wife, T.
H. Benton, D. M. Grouse, Mrs. B. M.
Deemer, J. H. Evans, H. Francis, Mrs.
H. Holmes, J. T. Irvinne, W. A. Kinney,
B. Koeppe and wife, H. B. Martin and
wife. Miss M. Morrison. C. M. Mott-
Smith, M. W. Parkhurst: Albert Raas.
wife and two children; Mrs. S. Roth and
two children. Miss Roth, Miss L. Roth.
T. Ryan, Mrs. AA'illlam AVagner and
daughter, William Wendte, Mrs. J. Win
ter and two children, A. B. Wood. For
Apia— Lieutenant J. H. Hetherington,
Lieutenant W. S. Hughes, Lieutenant W.
! H. Scheultze. Ensign Frank H. Schofield.
Dr. W. H. Solf and servant, Surgeon
Thomas H. Streets. For Sydney— R. B.
Hogue, H. N. Paige and J. AY. AVTnton.
thorough and conscientious work. Last
year he produced two books, but one was
merely a collection of short stories.
Among other leading writers of fiction
who have averaged more than one vol
ume a year Is Mr. Jerome, whose record
Is sixteen novels ln eleven years. Stanley
AA'eyman, one of the most painstaking of
all our novelists, has published eleven
novels in his nine years of writing, but
he never attempted fiction until he was 35
and had lost the first fervor of youth.
Frankfort Moore has published thirty-six
novels in twenty-four years and Mrs.
Macquoid fifty-seven In thirty-seven
years.
George Gisslng is responsible for seven
teen books in fifteen years, and Rider
Haggard wrote twenty-one novels ln
seventeen years, four of which were pub
lished in 1888. In recent years the seduc
tions of country life have been stealing
over him and sapping his literary energy.
Between 1595 and 1898 he seems to have
given the world nothing in book form
from his pen.
Among the "laggards in literature" the
chief Is perhaps Olive Schrelner, whose
average rate of production ls one book
in five years. Indeed, for very many years
It seemed likely that her first brilliant
venture, "The Story of an African Farm,"
would never have a successor.
j George Meredith has produced little
more than one book in every two years of
his writing life Mrs. Humphry Ward has
been content with seven books in eighteen
years, Mr. Hardy has produced eighteen
novels in thirty-four years, or a rough
average of two years for each book, and
Mr. Blackmore's record Is very similar,
with sixteen novels ln more than twice aa
as many years.
Of our older writers Mr. Henry takes
the palm for Industry, with a record of
over one hundred books, and is followed
by Miss Braddon, with fifty-seven novels
in thirty-eight years.BEAUTY
TALKS.
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If anyone desires information on either of these subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, as 1 -, as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
£— —3 HERE is nothing that so de
lights a woman's senses as a
faint, delicate perfume. It Is as
dear to her heart as the rustle
li> of a silk petticoat, or the sparkle
of her first engagement ring.
There is nothing gui! so closely mingled
with our inner consciousness as a partic
ular fragrance. That there is a strange
connection between perfume and our men
tal processes we all know, for who has
not at the faintest Odor of a certain
flower or perfume had memories Invoked
that wakened in the mind like Actual re
vivals of the past, bringing back all the
hopes and heartthrobs associated with
them years ago?
The art of making perfumery has been
practiced since time immemorial. Even
In this progressive age the art has not
fundamentally changed, and I really
doubt if modern perfumers can excel the
oils and pomades and precious ointments
of the days of -. raby the Blest.
The amateur perfumer Is not always
successful, as appliances and a knowledge
of how to use them are necessary. And,
too, when you can purchase for really
a very small sum a bottle .of perfumi*
that has been made by the greatest per
fumers in the world, and has been im
proved by having been kept for years in
a cellar in Paris, it would seem foolish
to try to emulate it in a saucepan or
over a gas stove, and prohably get a red
nose into the bargain— now. wouldn't it?
Sachet powders and other fragrant
toilet accessories can be made at home,
however, if you will take a little pains
and carefully follow directions.
The true gentlewoman never uses strong
rerfumes, and yet her clothing and her
person are impregnated with a subtle
fragrance that is wafted across one's
tenses with a suggestion of soft winds
that blow over a meadow of wild vio
lets.
Select your favorite perfume and carry
It out in every detail. Make sachets of
all sizes suitable for every article of dress
as well as for closets, wardrobes and
bureau drawers. When the skirt and bod
ice of your gown have been brushed and
t repaired after wearing, place one of these
sachets between the folds. Also let one
of these little bags of sweetness find its
way into the corner of your hat. another
in among your handkerchiefs and gloves
and still others In the drawers of your
dresser, where lie dainty linen garments
and pretty hosiery. A tiny sachet is also
pinned Inside the corset. Say that the
scent chosen has been violet. A perfectly
delightful sachet is made from the follow
ing formula:
Violet Sachet, .
Black currant leaves, powdered,
one-fourth pound.
Rose leaves, one-fourth pound.
Cassia buds, one-eighth pound.
Orris, ground, one-half pound.
Gum benzoin, one-eighth pound.
Grain musk, powdered, one-fourth
dram.
Mix thoroughly and let stand for
one week.
Then If you can afford it use the expen
sive imported violet soaps, although as a
matter of beautifying there is nothing
better than the pur- castile soap, the
odor of which can be done away with
by using a little violet toilet water ln the
bath. . •* *
For those who are particularly luxur
iously inclined the following bath bags
will be a delight:
Violet Bath Bags.
Two pounds of finely ground oat
meal; one can of almond Hour. one
cake of best white castile soap,
shaved fine; one-quarter pound
powdered orris root. Take one yard
of cheesecloth and make it into lit
tle bags and fill with the mixture.
After using these, which will make
a soft, white lather, rinse the face,
neck and arms in vat. containing
a few drops of benzoin.
An excellent tooth powder to be used at
the me time Is-
Diet Tooth Powder.
One-fourth pound of prepared chalk,
finely powdered, three-fourths ounces
pulverized castile soap; one ounce
powdered orris root; one-half dram oil
of sassafras; one ounce pulverized
sugar.
Poucl re de Violet.
Talcum powder, seven and one-half
ounces. . *
Finest starch, one and one-fourth
ounces.
Powdered orris root, one and one
fourth ounces.
Oil of orris, ten drops.
Do not use liquid perfume on your hand
kerchief. A tiny bit on the hands, the
lobes of the ears and the eyebrows is per
missible, but not a drop on any article
that you wear or carry. It Is considered
very bad form.
A few drops of essence of violet in your
face powder and in your cold cream will
add to your galaxy of sweet odors. You
will find in carrying out this scheme that
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,, APRIL 23. 1899.
the result will be intangible but bewilder
ingly pleasant.
*••■■»■■'-
Answers to Correspondents,
LILLIE C— My advice to your husband
would be to consult a skin specialist. lb*
probably needs a good blood tonic as well
as local remedies. If he will take the
trouble to give his face a good scrubbing
each night with a brush, warm water and
castile lap the blackheads will certainly
be benefited.
L. M. Have sent you the addresses
you asked for through the mail. You ask
for a remedy for a shiny nose. This af
fliction is pretty sure evidence of too
much oils and fats taken Into the sys
tem. So the first thing to do ls to abstain
from all rich and indigestible foods. Eat
plenty of fruit' and drink mineral waters.
The following lotion used in the water
with which you rinse, your face will
counteract the excessive shlniness of the
skin; Alcohol, four ounces ; ammonia, one
ounce, and oil of lavender, one dram. Mix
by shaking in a six-ounce bottle. Do not
use more than one scant teaspoonful of
this in two quarts of warm water. Di
rections for making the orange flower
skin food were given in last Sunday's
Call. I cannot tell you just how long It
will take the peroxide and ammonia to
do its work. Months probably.
FAIRFIELD I could not send you a
personal reply. I have so many requests
of that kind it is Impossible to grant
them. Coeoanut oil is not good for the
hair. You need something in the wav of
an irritant to start it to growing. "Try
the following: Four ounces eau de co
logne, one-half ounce tincture cantha
rides and one-fourth dram each of oil of
lavender and oil of rosemary. Apply to
the roots of the hair once or* twice a day
SOME OF THE REDFERN GOWNS WORN BY
MISS LILLIAN BURK^HART.
■/-» l~_ TOO TTT T TA-VT T>T~r_ - * C *V
lAI/K LjtL.ui.AN BLRKHART Is one of the best dressed women on the stagehand off as well. While many ac-
II resses dress beyond criticism for the footlights, few know the' "proper thing" for the sunlight. While many ac
tresses dress beyond criticism for the footlights, few know the "proper thing" for the sunlight.
II lw7 V>" ' Miss Burkhart's gown, worn in this picture. Is" an example of Redfern's art. It is of a material which, as yet
, l> can be had only from exclusive importers, 'it is like yet unlike duck— and glossier than that material, but
of the same weight. The shade is a delicate cross between cinnamon and fawn, the skirt is perfectly plain, and
the Jacket is made to be worn either buttoned back or closed. 7%7 7
. It ,s a gown that In the very perfection of Its simplicity shows the ■ artist's. touch. A gown that a man would describe
as "some Inexpensive little thing" and that a wise woman could easily guess the price of, from the inimitable cut and the
chic, jaunty air of- the garment. ,• •>. » , ... . . ■ >. «  ,
For this unllned gown of summer material, ornamented by a few pearl buttons, Miss Burkhar* paid -tedfern J80!
The white silk shirtwaist is one of the models for the new silk waists. Instead of the usual zigzag criss-cross of tucking ;
there are simply a few tucks forming a sort of yoke, broken by the first flap that fastens over the front. These flaps placed
in this way perform a double duty.' They serve not only as a novel trimming, but fasten* the waist. It is a style easy to
copy and most effective. .. -.7" y
with a small sponge." While using this
tonic shampoo once a week. The - only
real cure I know of for blackheads is the
use of the complexion brush, warm water
and pure castile soap. ■ Use the brush
even' night. Immerse the brush in warm
water, rub the soap on until you get a
good lather, give the face a good hard
scrubbing, rinse thoroughly with clear,
warm water; dry and apply a pure cold
cream or -skin food. This should be done
at night, just before going to bed. If>ou
have the correct brush It will make the
face a bit tender for a day or two, but
not longer. As there are also pimples, it
would be wise to get rid of these before
beginning the face-scrubbing process. Be
very careful as to your diet and bathe
the eruption frequently with listerlne di
luted in three times as much boiled wa
ter. Am sorry, but I cannot suggest 'any
remedy for the last trouble you men
tion.
W. D.— Legal questions are not an
swered In this department. Have handed
your letter over to the man who edits the
regular answers to correspondents col
umn in the local.
MILDRED M.— Formula for orange
flower skin food was given in last Sun
day's Call. As far as the hair-producing
property of cold cream is concerned, you
can feel absolutely secure in using a
cream that contains neither lanoline nor
coeoanut oil. These oils.ln their pure state
are both excellent hair growers, although
when combined with other ingredients, -*s
ln the skin food, are comparatively safe.
Do write to me again and ask me all
those other questions that are worrying
you. Ss£-Pe_B
A. N. M.— ln massaging the lines about
the mouth smear the skin first with some
good emollient cream and then knead
and smooth the little lines, rubbing al
ways across the wrinkles. If you will
send me a stamped addressed envelope I
will send you the address you desire. •
UNHAPPY— I am afraid I can give you
but little comfort concerning the Super
fluous hairs. The preparation that you
mention and others of a like nature
merely banish the hairs for the time be
ing by burning them off to the surface of
the skin. Ammonia slightly diluted will
have the same effect. Bui the hairs will
return and possibly coarser than before.
There is positively nothing but the elec
tric needle that will destroy them per-,
manently. Peroxide of hydrogen will
bleach them white.
PAN S^— As long as you continue to
wear nigh collars you will no doubt be
distressed by that discoloration about the
neck. It can be bleached out by applying
pure lemon juice each night. ! After It has
dried on the skin rub thoroughly with cold
cream. Bathing the eyes with diluted
Witch hazel will often do away with the
dark circles under them. For the profits
perspiration, use a little of the lavender
lotion suggested to L. M. R. in the water
in which you bathe the armpits and after
thoroughly drying dust with a powder
made of one part boracic acid, two parts
precipitated chalk aud seven pari*** of
powdered talcum. This will surely help
you. There certainly is no Improprirty
in asking your married friend fn- a pho
tograph. She should regard tb.> request
as a compliment if mad.- in a I L. .... way.
DAISY D. M.I have never heard of
the cream you mention, so cannot advise
you about it. The best rouge is made by
incorporating a small quanlty of pow
dered carmine In a little cold .ream
Keep the ends of your hair well trimmed
and apply the following tonic for the
dandruff: Forty-eight grains resorcln
one-half ounce glycerine- and alcohol
enough to fill a two-ounce bottle Annlv
every night, rubbing it well Into the
scalp. Send me a stamped addressed en
velope and I will tell you where you can
procure the complexion brush.
E. A. E.— As you are afraid to use any
thing containing oil on your skin why
not try thick, pure cream. It is' ver'v
whitening and will also make the skin
wm,.? ; velyety. and if well rubbed in
will utterly discourage wrinkles. Use this
at night, and in the daytime apply the
following astringent wash: Take a half
pint bottle and place in It three table
spoonfuls, of fresh, uncooked cucumber
juice. Half till the bottle with el er
flower water and then add two table
spoonfuls of eau -de cologne. Shake well
and add very slowly half' an ounce of
simple tincture of benzoin, shaking the
mixture no «T aid then. Fill the bottle
with elder flower water ' Let "'l* on
the skin. Advise me as to the result of
this treatment. Peroxide of hydrogen
with a , little ammonia added, will bleach
the hairs so that they will be much less
noticeable ami will no- injure the skin
in any way. I have no faith in the ef
licac- of face masks.
AN INQUIRER-The flushing in your
case is probably caused by an overheated
condition of the blood. Eat plenty of fruit
and crisp green-salads and drink freely of
mineral waters. These re cooling to the
blood. The astringent wash, formula for
which is given in reply to "E. A E " I
think will help you also, and the orange
flower skin food will soothe and soften
the skin. It was the" glycerine in the lo
tion that you have been using that dark
ened your skin. Stop using the powder
that has roughened your skin. It prob
ably contains bismuth or had, both of
Which are most injurious to 'the skin
A little rice powder lightly applied after
rubbing the least little bit of cold cream
on the face will cool the skin and reduce
the redness to some extent. If applied
before exposure to wind or sun it will
prevent the skin from burning so pain
fully.
Latest Toilettes From Paris.
... Paris Letter to the Sunday Call.
£-— fashion of dresses with tunics
has now become quite general, and
ladies are now seeking for some
-Ii kind of variety in this kind of
model. The two drawings reproduced in
this number, arc entirely I "** *".?
quite novel In the same class of costume
that composed of bright cloth Each of
the costumes is described as being made
in white cloth, but they would be equally
distinguished whatever color may have
been selected. ' , - _w**
The first model Is composed of a SKiri
very flat and forming a fourreau which
widens at the bottom into crushed^ pleats
and a train. It is trimmed round the bot
tom with three rows of stitching -in reg
ular curves. Over It is a plain tunic
stitched, with the corsage opening IUM ■
jacket and rather long. The lapels of the
corsage and corners at the bottom of the
tunic are trimmed with designs cut out
in perforated cloth and laid on over white
taffetas. The sleeves arc flat and trimmed
with stitched wristbands. Beneath the
corsage is a kind of large double-breasted
waistcoat, which comes down to tno
knees. It can be made either of cream
white velvet or taffetas embroidered all
over with gold thread, with round but
tons in gilt passementerie. The .waist
band which encircles the waistcoat is or
vlollne velvet or taffetas draped, and.be
math It is a linen front like hat "fa
man's shirt, with one jeweled button In
the center. The scarf and bow are of
the same material as the waistband
The hat is composed of tulle ruches. and
trimmed with bunches of roses.
The second model in the same style is
also of white cloth, with tunic cut up. In
Pale greenish gray cloth. The underskirt
is completely plain from top to bottom,
very long and very supple, and made with
a very full train. All the part of the.
skirt covered by the tunic is very flat and
tight. The tunic is composed of tabs of
cloth' rounded at the bottom like an oar
-.-a,*.. and embroidered with light ara
besque designs in featherstitch. Between
each tab the seam is covered with silk
piiiing. , . m,„
11 The " corsage is slightly draped. The
tonic comes up to the chest, leaving a
small opening down the center '.through
which the white cloth is visible. The
upper part of the tmnic is made up like the
lower, hut with thi rounded ends upper
most and the designs corresponding. Ihe
rounded. ends are of unequal length, Ihe
sleeves like the corsage and skirt, are
of plain Cloth. The neck trimming Is of
the same materials and in the same style
as the tunic, and the collar Is of white
cioth with long pointed ends. The waist-
Land matches the tunic.
The hat made for the costume Is of
crepe to match the tunic, trimmed with a
pair of white wings and a bunch of very
pale pink roses on the left side.
The third dress Is of blue taffetas or
peau de soie of a very simple texture.
The skirt, which is plain otherwise, is
richly embroidered with a design coming
to a point in front and round the hips;
in both, cases the embroidery matches the
skirt In color. The corsage is cut low
in an Irregular line and embroidered along
the edge in the same style as the skirt.
The yoke is of white mousseline de sole
In very line perpendicular pleats, and
should be made In such a fashion that it
can be exchanged for another if desired.
The sleeves are ornamented with circles
of narrow pleats, and the buttons should
be of blue and steel enamel.
.* » *
THE fan will play an important part
in the summer girl's campaign. It is
the- chief weapon of defense against
mosquitoes, and for the purpose she
will use the palm leaf fan. But for the
less serious purpose she will use one of
the new and exquisite designs.
The new fans are from 9 to 10 inches
in length", the tiny empire fan not being
as popular as it was several seasons ago.
There are many pretty chiffon fans, one
having a pretty, pastoral scene painted
upon it. Another of white chiffon has sil
ver spangles decorating it. One very
unique fan is made or silk, upon which are
appllqued designs in Chantilly lace, and
alternating with the lace medallions are
pretty little hand-painted figures; the in
laid sticks are painted and spangled. A
pale cream-colored silk fan, elaborately
ornamental with figures in the style of
the V.ernis Martin fans, is among the
most* expensive. Paillettes of shining
steel are used to sew the delicate pat
terns of flower sprays appliqued - on "the
net and chiffon. ' -
Black fans, black and green and black
and violet seem to be the popular colors.
There are many pretty commencement
fans and- wedding fans, which, of course,
are white. Chains are much used, and.the
pretty Japanese fans are almost as beau
tiful in design as the expensive silk and
lace.
• * « •
One may question the taste of the thing,
but French shops are trying to make the
colored handkerchiefs fashionable. These
squares come :in colors to match- the
gowns, and are very pretty in them
selves. A delicate violet has a bit of
dainty embroidery in .: one corner, ' in
which the rose and bowknot" are inter
twined. A pale yellow has a wreath of
pretty rosebuds and a spreading bowknot.
A pale blue Is embroidered also in one
corner, the design being a bird, upon the
-branch of a rose tree. •: ■ ■
» **■** *•. ..... ■"■ ■ -yi: -,;"*,
Woman to-day seem to have acquired
a magpie taste for "all that glitters."
Jeweled ornaments are more than ever
the rage, beeds and. spangles are worked
up into a melange With cut. steel and
pearls, and the complex mixture shines
forth on .various parts of gay costumes.
A new collar is made out of fringe of
fine pearls, falling all around the neck.
Occasionally the fringe has the threads
graduated in length, so that they reach
clear to the bust in front and are tapered
off on either side. The shower of pearls
is sometimes arranged. to a velvet collar,
or for a decollete goWn they may depend
from a single rope of pearls around the
neck, and are accounted most coquettish
in that they sway gently at every breath.
The velvet collars or stocks are mostly
black, but sapphire, ruby and amber are
sometimes preferred. Collars of this kind
with the swinging fringe, it is prophesied,
will displace the long pearl chains that
have been so much worn. They are not
intended exclusively for full dross; on
the contrary, they, are more particularly
admired over silk blouses and all kinds
of pretty loose silk waists, such as one
would wear to the theater.
There are collars also that are made
entirely of steel, in fine cut heads, ar
ranged in squares, and with pearl and
steel pendants.
• * *
A $5,000,000
SHAWL
THAT India, after a foreign* occupa
tion of some centuries, and in spite
of the apparent poverty of the
great bulk of the people, is still
probably the greatest treasure house on
earth is due to the fact that for ages it
was, with Ceylon and Burma, the field
which supplied the rest of the world not
only with gold, costly fabrics and spices,
but with precious stones, the finest speci
mens of which, however,- were ever re
tained by the Hindoo and Mogul Princes
for their own personal adornment.
One of the jewel treasures of th" Indian
Princes, that of the Gashwar of Baroda,
is perhaps the most remarkable, being
appraised by experts a few years ago at
the immense sum of three crors of rupees,
or (15,000,000. Among his collection his
chief diamond necklace, worn on state oc
casions, contains the "Star of the South,"
a Brazilian stone weighing 254 carats, for
which $400,000 was paid, the whole neck
lace being valued at forty lacs of rupees,
or $1,000,000. The masterpiece in his pos
session, however, is a wonderful shawl
composed entirely of inwrought pearls
and other precious stones worked in the
most harmonious and artistic arabesque
patterns, and which actually cost the ex
traordinary price of $5,000,000. >
This shawl was Intended as a present to
cover the tomb of Mohammed, but when
it was finished the Gashwar thought twice
of the idea and kept it himself. While it
is true that the native jewelers as a rule
care less for the purity and commercial,
value of the stones than for the general
effect produced, yet their artistic feeling
and skill in setting gems, often but poorly
cut and polished, cannot be surpassed:
As evidence of this, a comb of matchless
workmanship was presented to the Prince
of Wales by the Raja of Jaipur. Another
present which the Prince of Wales re
ceived on his visit to India in is;., was a
SWOrd from the Maharaja of Kashmir, set
with diamonds and emeralds valued at
$25,000. in addition to which there was a
solitaire diamond in the belt worth $10,000.
• • •
■
ESTHETIC
CU RL PAPERS
WOMAN has at last found a way
out of the difficulty of making a
fright of herself with curl pa
pers. Doing up one's hair on re
tiring has always been a per
plexing problem to those who eschew hot
irons, for even in the sancity of isola
tion one does not like to feel herself a
fright.
With a due knowledge of feminine cap
rice, some enterprising manufacturer has
sent out a curl paper, which- ties around
the desired curl with a dainty bow of
ribbon, so that when the bang or pompa
dour is arranged for the night "the head
looks as if surrounded by a halo of pretty
ribbons and floating 'ends'.
Half the horrors of a fire in an apart
ment house are thus done away with, for
the harrowing sight of curl papers has
always added to the other terrors in no
small degree: sleep walking can now be
as graceful as a scene from "Macbeth,"
£««.f ay nothing of one's own feeling In
is^"MiY 11 'Iressed-in curl papera-which
is said to give the crowning touch- to wo
man self-possession. Truly. the manu
facturer of ribboned curl paners should
-L canonized l f ' there is any gratitude in
the feminine breast. .
ARTISTIC
MAKE-UP.
<tt <*U? WHETHER it Is that the Ameri
\A// f an society woman, owing to her
\_f V_ late hours, when she reaches a
certain age needs a little arti
ficial touch here and there to restore her
lading bloom, or from whatever cause it
may he. *-} he fact unfortunately remains
that she does use a little judicious make
up. .Now, as this" seems to be a necessity
why not use this make-up as her French
sister does, who lias it down to a fine
point of perfection.
For instance,, the Parisienre never
would think of using the same roug" Tor
day and night, and she always applies it
in the light for. which it is intended.. If
she is , a brur,ette he gets powder and
rouge for a brunette, while if she is a
blonde she buys blonde materials :
The first phase of the performance ls
to thoroughly wash the face with a little
soap on a soft rag, in very warm water.
Then dry with a soft towel: Then if It
IS daytime she goes to the brightest win
dow, and, by the aid of her. hand glass.,
•applies this rouge, which is in a liquid
state. The cheeks and jawbone are treat
ed, then the lips, for which a different
rouge is always used, also a liquid, taking
care to make them appear darker on tho
inner edge. Now the forehead is treated
to a powder, which is applied and then
rubbed off until none remains. A little of
this powder is rubbed on the nose and
around the mouth and promptly rubbed
off. --/.
For the brows and eyelashes a pencil
should never be used for the day. A
brow brush and a tiny bar of India ink
is all that Is needed. The same routine
is applied to the night make-up. the only
difference being in the materials used,
and these can always be bought of any
good chemist.
.*. • •
SPRING
COLORS.
FASHION makers say that from
Paris comes the seal of approval
on all shades of violet, coral and
national blue , for new spring
dresses, and that holding prime favor is a
very bright rendering of the periwinkle
tint, a combination of cream and any of
the paler tones of beige.
In millinery violets and blues certainly
hold the palm. For a touch of color in
an otherwise all black hat coral seems to
be the favorite.
Beautiful shades of violet and blue
cloths are to be used for dressy costumes,
and the. newest foulards and India silks
are shown in those two colorings, be
sides the never out of style black and
white. - * ......
Black and white combination is to be
very" fashionable this spring aid the most
stylish boleros and ,Etons are to be lined
with white satin, whether with or with
out revers.
Maru s Little Lamb.
_i -
Mary had a millionaire.
His head was soft as dough.
And everywhere that Mary went
Why. he was sure to go.
He followed her to church one day, '
And then they had a row,
Arranged by Mary. Mary lives
On alimony now. •
— : — « o «
"Dear me!'* cried mamma, "what is the
baby crying for?"
"He's cross with me, mamma," said
Mollie. "I was trying to make him smile
with the glove stretcher;" ' ' -
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
eng9fflß| Is removed by DR. and MRS
Kffl*W.^__B ? A - W * TRAVERSE, Donohoe
Rg\V2g|§PuE building, 1170 Market St., cor.
__^<_l_»/_l^H Taylor, rooms 28-29. with th_
K^^Sg, ___. electric needle, without pain or
tSi^*C2iMr^g scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles.
W&ti__p ■___» blackheads, freckles. birth-
WyjW ■<■ *— "MM marks, etc., also removed. Per-
__________\__\ manency guaranteed. Hours, 1
2728
SWEEREST SUSAN' SADVENTURE.
Copyrighted, 1890, by Joel Chandler Harris
/V*N A.JOR PERDUE lived In tho direction of be village, a few miles
#11* away and when Buster John and Sweetest Susan clambered
111 on Aunt Miner Ann's ox carl they shouted to their grand
-11l father, the White-haired Master, that they were going to town
I 1 fc and didn't know when they would return. But as it happened,
11. were to return very soon, for they hadn't gone far before
/ H thej met a covered wagon, drawn by two large, fat mules. the
driver was a white man with a very red face and eyes os mall and as
restless'as *i mink's. He ha sandy hair, mixed with gray, and he wore a
faded ? lr^unTform' When he saw Aunt Minervy Ann and the children he
begin So sing. but. in spite of the singing which grew louder as he came
nearer Busier John and Sweetest Susan thought they heard a child cry
in"* and sobbing when the two vehicles passed each other. AUnt Minerv>
Ann-was suroishe heard it. and she declared that there was something
w'roig about the man; she could tell by his peculiar appearance.
So sh.- advised the children to jump down and follow the wagon as far
as their gate if no farther. They might find out something and be able to
do somebody a good turn. Sweetest Susan didn t see the necessity 01 this.
but Buster John was keen for anything thai seemed to promise an adven
ture He jumped from the cart and ran back after the wagon, while
Sw'ee'est Su«an followed more leisurely. She followed fast enough, how
ever V> catch up with the covered wagon, which was not going very rap
i.llv ' The wagon was the kind used by tne Xorth Carolina! tobacco '""."
dler's Tlie cover was higher at the ends than in the middle. The pole
•-luck ot-t behind and a water bucket was fastened to it. A trough for
feeding the mules was swinging across the rear, and this with the jutting
pole enabled Buster John to climb up and peer into the wagon. At .first
lie saw nothing but a lot of bad clothes piled up on some bundles of fod
der- but presently he heard Bobbing again, and. looking closer, he saw a
little child lying -in its face in an attitude of despair.
Xt first Buster John thought of crawling into the wagon and asking
•he' child what ailed it. but the man who was driving was in plain vow.
and though Buster John was bold enough for a small boy, he was cau
tious too The child seemed to be not more than three or four years old.
and as it had on a frock Buster John couldn't tell whether It was a boy
.r a girl While he wa.s considering what to do the child raised Its head.
saw him and wailed: "Oh, pease tate me out er here!" Buster John fell
rather than lumped down, for he was afraid the man would see him.
Presently the face of the child appeared at the back part of the wagon.
V first it seemed that the little creature was preparing to jump out, but
either fear overcame it or the driver reached back and cut it with his.
whip, for it fell ... _ with a loud wall of agony, a wall that sounded like
the cry of some wild animal.
' Sweetest Susan was ready to cry, her sympathies were so keen, but
Buster John was angry. He ran to the front of the wagon and yelled at
FRATERNAL NEWS.
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
On the 11th of May Golden Gate Chap
ter will celebrate its thirtieth anniversary
by an entertainment and ball in Golden
Gate Hall. The proceeds of the affair will .
be donated to the Widows' and Orphans'
Home.
The grand matron visited Yolo Chapter
at Woodland last Monday. She attended
a special meeting of the chaot.er at Yuba
City on Tuesday, and was at Willows on
Wednesday. She will hold a school of in
struction to-morrow, and on Tuesday she
will assist at the opening of the fair in
that city for the benefit of the Widows'
and Orphans' Home.
Century ami Olive Branch chapters bave
each received twelve petitions.
Oakleaf chapter will celebrate its twen
ty-seventh anniversary on the 27th inst.
"Beulah Chapter had two initiations at
Its last held meeting.
A new chapter at Sisson is talked of.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Last Monday night Unity Lodge No.
131 celebrated Its thirty-second anniver
sary by an entertainment and ball in Mis
sion Opera Hail. This lodge, which has
many friends, must have been gratified to
see so many accept the invitations that
had been issued. The hall, tastefully deco
rated, was crowded to Its limit, and all
present enjoyed a very fine programme
that had for features an address by W.
H. Barnes, P. G. M.; instrumental selec
tions by Edna Marion de Guerre, Mr.
Werch and B. W. Fabian; vocal solos by
Mr. and Mrs. 11. B. Monges and L Block.
Then followed a dance programme of
ten numbers and refreshments. The
committees wen Arrangements— W. 11.
Williams. C. R. Thatcher, B. W. Fabian,
11. A. Mohr and Will J. French; recep
tion—J. F. Crossett, James Torry. H. <>.
Brower, A. W. Larimer and C. P. Gib
eons; floor manager, S. C. Spinney.
Grand Master Breuck, Grand Secretary
Shaw and Grand Herald Forbes Insti
tuted a new lodge. Cupertino No. 70. at
West End, in Santa Clara County, with
nine charter members. Fifteen candidates
were initiated.
True Fellowship Lodge of Santa Clara
initiated fifteen candidates last Saturday
night.
The Odd Fellows' picnic will be held at
Mirabel Park on the 26th inst. In celebra
tion of the anniversary of the order. .-.•
Apollo Lodge has contributed $150 and
Germanla Lodge $50 to the jubilee celebra
tion fund. The amount subscribed thus
far by the local lodges and encampments
ls $3025. Eight subordinates and one en
campment have not yet sent in the
amount of their subscriptions.
M. T. Moses will deliver the address at
the celebration on the - th at Vacaville,
and Grand Secretary Shaw will deliver
the address at St. Helena on the same
da?*. •
THE REBEKAHS.
The open meeting held by Walhalla Re
bekah Lodge on the 15th inst. was at
tended by a large number of the members
of the order and many strangers to it, for
the fame of this lodge as entertainers
has spread wide and far. The programme
presented Included a piano recital by Miss
Apparius, selections by the San Francisco
Mandolin Club, vocal solo by Miss Emilie
Neubcrt, selections on the. either by Pro
fessor Zeiss: piano duet by Misses Fred
erichs and Perran, fancy dance by Miss
Lois Underwood, and Delsarte exercises
by Miss Martin. That portion of the
evening's entertainment was followed by
the serving of Ice cream and cakes and
dancing. The affair was conducted un
der the direction of Miss Lottie Barthold,
the noble grand, and Mrs. R. and Miss B.
Joost.
Mission Lodge will celebrate Its second
anniversary by an entertainment and
dance on the night of May 1.
California Lodge on the l.'th Inst, re
ceived a visit from the district deputy.
Miss Sophia 11. Hutton, and her corps of
oflicers. The work was performed in a
very dignified and satisfactory manner,
and aft. the close of business there was
a very pleasant hour, after which re
freshments were served to the visitors
nnd members. Last night five candidates
were Initiated In the beautiful degree.
Last Monday night the members of that
very enterprising lodge. Loyal No. 2_5,
held open house to entertain its friends
with a very interesting programme that
had been prepared by the entertainment i
commissioners— Tillie Braver, N. G.;
Dr. Jacobs, Mrs. M. E. Cyrus, Mrs. Roy
A. Da nil Miss Ruby Jewell, Miss Jen- '
nic Wright and Roy A. Daniels, the latter
acting as entertainment director. There
were given a piano recital by Miss Mc- 1
Free, recitations by G. M. Florey, C. O.
Perry and Cyrus B. Newton; selections
by the Knickerbocker quartet, vocal se
lections by Robert Burns. J. J. Sandy and ;
W. E. Stevens and an exhibition of fancy
dancing by Edith Porter and Dora Worth. !
The singing of Mr. Stevens and recita
tions of Mr. Newton so charmed that each
was encored three times. Dancing until
midnight followed the programme and ■
refreshments were served.
Next Saturday night Templar Rebekah
Lodge will entertain Pacific and Golden
West Lodges and the Veteran Rebekahs
in Memorial Hall, Odd Fellows' building,
on which occasion a good programme will
be presented. __
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
The Board of Corporate Directors has
organized with the grand master work
man as president and the grand recorder
as secretary. •'■Yv
The following named composed the new
extension committee: Grand Master Col
lins, Deputy Grand Master Danforth,
Grand Foreman Snook. Grand Lecturer
Barnes and . Chairman of the Finance
Committee Hoesch. In view of the fact
that the grand recorder has so much to
attend to In his office he was not added
as one of the committee, as in the past,
but he will be ready at any time to aid
the committee by giving such Information
as may be required. The State is to be
divided Into five districts. That portion
south of hachapj will be in charge of
Grand Overseer Dr. Morrison, the bay
counties will be in charge of the grand
foreman and those north of Fresno in
charge of the grand master. There will
be a number of special deputies and pub
lic meetings will be held all over the State
to Impart information as to the order and
Its work.
DEGREE OF HONOR. A. O. U. W.
Laurel Lodge of West Berkeley on the
14th Inst, Initiated fifteen candidates, the
work being done in the most perfect man
ner by the drill team of Ivy Lodge ln the
presence of many members of the order
and several of the grand officers.
On the occasion of the recent Grand
Lodge session Mrs. Eva Cogan recited an
original greeting to the new officers and
the old friends of the order. It was a
very neat composition.
Peerless Lodge of Colusa Initiated four
teen candidates in March and Lily of the
Valley Lodge *of Sacramento twenty
three.
';. press Lodge of Newark will .give an
entertainment at its hall on the 28th inst.
Under the new constitution, adopted at
the last held session of the Grand Lodge,
the basis of representation was fixed at
one for every fifty members.
STANFORD PARLOR, N. S. G. W.
Stanford Parlor had a very pleasant
meeting last Tuesday night and the pleas
ure was heightened for the large number
of members present by the friendly visit
of Grand Trustee Judge Fletcher A. Cut
ler of Eureka, Humboldt County, a. stanch
admin of Stanford, who during the even
ing gave one of his admirable and inter
esting talks.
The parlor elected to membership H. M.
Owens, J. 1-*. Nolan, D. E. Behlow and J.
F. Murphy, and at the next meeting, when
initiatory work is performed, these gen
tlemen will bo taught the mysteries or the
order.
The members of this O. K. parlor have
for a long time been preparing for the
1900 celebration, and they have discovered
that to make as great an event as that
will be a success the help of ladies is a
necessity. To secure their help in the
matter it has been decided to form an
auxiliary composed of the lady relatives
of the members, who are to aid' in the. so
cial part of the affair. A committee of the
most gallant members has been appointed
to arrange for this auxiliary.
During the evening Fred H. Jung, sec
retary of the parlor, read an interesting
letter he received irom Arthur H. Clif
ford, a member of the parlor now at Ma
nila, commissary sergeant of the First
Regiment of California Volunteers, In
which he returns thanks for the kindness
of the parlor In its remembrance of tho
members who are in the service. He
gives a resume of the work of the Cali
fornia boys and adds: "Revenge is strong
in the Malays, and I do not suppose that
they will ever forget their first battle with
the Americans; but we must put a good
finish on what we have before us ana In
still Into their dull Drains that they can
not bear arms against such a powerful
Government as that of the United States."
Relative to the climate he writes: "The
writing of a letter is but a short time to
bestow on those who have proved so kind,
yet this tropical climate seems to draw
all usefulness from one. I confess that
outside of my official duties I havo t'os-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
the man:
"What's the matter with your baby? , *
"Hey?" responded the nan. "Want a ride? Of course you can ride;
climb up. I ain't got time to stop." , „,,
"I said what's the matter with the baby, the baby In the wagon?
cried Buster John at the top of his voice.
"In the waggin? Oh, yes! Well, get in."
"Don't you do it, brother," Bald Sweetest Susan. "He heard what you
said "
The man looked at them with twinkling eyes. "Oh, both want to ride.
Well, get In— that's all I've got to say."
Buster John was not to be put down that way: he was very close to
home now— in fact, he could see the tall form of his grandfather standing
on the knoll above the spring watching the covered wagon with curious
eves, for it had been a long day since one had come along that road going
in that direction. So Buster John grew very bold Indeed. He went close
to the front wheel of the wagon, close to the heels of the off mule.
"You know what I said. I asked you what was the matter with the
baby In the wagon."
The man seemed to rouse himself. "Baby In the waggin! Why. they
ain't no baby in there; it's a cat I picked up on the way. She's a mouser.
We need mousers where I'm a-goln'."
Buster John, more indignant than ever, ran ahead, called his grand
father and asked him to go and see about the baby in the wagon, telling
him hurriedly how queerly the man had acted.
But the White-haired Master shook his head. "He's only playing with
you." he said.
The children were in despair at this, for they were sure something was
wrong. Even Aunt Minervy Ann had said so. Buster John began to pout,
Curious Burying Ground
Where Bodies Are Piled High.
OUT to the northwest of Manila, between two steep hills, some of our soldier boys came upon the eloquent pile of
bones which their camera has, brought home. The view is but a portion of the bones which lie in the sun for whom
soever will to carry away or desecrate without let or hindrance. They are the bones of the wealthy Spaniards, who,
by paying a large bonus, hoped to rest in exclusive seclusion till what their spirits left behind returned to first
principles. A hundred rods beyond . this pile of bones is built In the rock a species of catacomb in the sheer walls
forming the sides' of the hill and making a natural rounded blind valley. Tombs are cut out of the rock and rented
to those who can afford It at the rate of $30 for the first year and $30 every five years forever after. 'Ihe rent must be
Invariably, paid In advance, and if.lt Ib not forthcoming the bones are pulled out of the tomb and dumped upon the bone
pile. The simpler Filipinos and impecunious Spaniards are laid to rest in the cemetery Just outside of Manila.
and Sweetest Susan was ready to cry. She looked appeallngly at her
grandfather, her eyes swimming in tears.
"What is it, Sweetest?" the White-haired Master inquired.
,_,, That poor little baby," she said, controlling herself the best she could;
"111 dream about it all night."
"Well, don't cry; we'll see about it," remarked the grandfather sooth
ingly.
Hy this time the wagon had come up. The driver bowed politely and
would have gone on, but the White-haired Master motioned him to stop.
11 his he did, but with no good grace. He pulled up his mules and sat on
the seat expectantly; with a grin in his face that was half a scowl.
• "You come from Mllledgeville way?" the children's grandfather In
quired. 'M-'.y
"Who told you?" the man asked quickly; "them children there?"
"No," said the White-haired Master, frowning a little. "I was simply
Inquiring."
The man laughed. "Well. I come from that-a-way."
"What news?" asked the White-haired Master.
"Lots an' lots; I couldn't tell you in a week. The wide world is turned
end up'ards. Murderin', riot, bloodshed, burnin', -rippln', rarin', roarln',
snortin'. You know what?" -..*.:
The man closed his restless, roving eyes. "Well, down yon way they're
tarln' up the railroad tracks while the brass ban' plays. I ketched 'em
a doln' of it, an' I danced wi' 'em 'roun' the fire a time or two, an' then
I picked up this waggin and mules and come on 'bout my business."
The man wagged his head up and down, and rolled it from side to side,
and shifted his glances, and giggled in a very excited manner. The chil
dren's grandfather tried to find some basis for the man's strange actions;
tried to duplicate them In his memory, but failed. Then he asked:
"What have you in your wagon?"
"Well, fust an' last, I've got some few bed cloze and some few ruffage
for the mule. : an' then— well, yes. there's a -cat I picked up, a reg'ler
mouser. She growls, but there ain't nothin' the malter wi' 'er."
In response to this statement the wagon cover was lifted high enough
for the child to put its head out. Its little face was distorted wih fear or
despair.
"Me am' no tat!" she cried; "my mammy say I'm her 'Itty bitsy baby;
my daddy say I'm his big 'itty man; my nunky tall me Billy Bistit. Oh,
pease lift me outer here. Me wanter see my daddy an' mammy!" The
child had cried and screamed so much that its voice had a harsh -md un
natural sound. It pierced the tender heart of the White-haired Master
like a knife and roused him to a fury of indignation.
"Is that what you call a cat, you trifling scoundrel?" he cried. He
passed through the gate and was now close to the man.
"That's what." answered the man with a chuckle. "He'll bite, an'
he'll scratch, an' he'll growl. He also calls himself Billy Biscuit, but do he
look like a biscuit? You wouldn't want me to call him a chicken, would
you?" < -;
He stuck out his tongue as he said this and looked about as foolish as
it Is possible for a grown man to look, and the grandfather's Indignation
changed to a feeling of amazement and disgust.
"Is the child yours?" he asked.
"Why, whose should he be. mister? You'd be errytated ef you wuz a
youngster an' had to ride all day in a klvered waggin; now wouldn't you?"
The observation was a just one, considering the source; and though it
lacked feeling and sympathy, the White-haired Master could make no
reply.
"This is a likely place to camp— there by the spring." the man re
marked. "Ef I thought I mought be so bold as to ax you—"
"You may," said the White-haired Master. "Drive in the gate here
and unhitch under the trees yonder. There's fire under the washpot.
You'll find plenty of wood to start it up, but be careful about it: don't
burn any of the fencing."
The man drove in as directed, turned his wagon round, the tongue
pointing to the gate, unhitched his mules, watered them without taking
the harness off and then gave them two bundles of fodder apiece to munch
on. Then he got out his frying pan, his skillet and his coffee pot and
finally proceeded to kindle a fire.
Buster John'and Sweetest Susan watched all these proceedings with
great Interest, especially as the man paused every now and then to talk
to himself. "Yes. that's me," he declared over and over again; "Roby
Ransom, corridor 1, room 9."
He paid no attention to Buster John and Sweetest Susan nor to Drusilla,
who Joined then* as the wagon drove in the gate, and he seemed to have
forgotten the child in the wagon. But Sweetest Susan had not forgotten
it. She stood by th-3 wagon arid saw the little one looking at the man with
scared eyes. •"—•
The whole affair was very interesting to the children. The big trees
had been a favorite resort for campers, in old times, and the youngsters
vaguely remembered Beeelng strange men sitting around the fire frying
bacon that sent forth a very savory odor, but of late years there had been
no campers there. The campers and wagoners, like most of the able
bodied men. had been camping out under the tents of the army or sleep
ing as Johnny Banter put it. "under the naked canopies." Therefore this
mysterious man was the first camper who had kindled a fire in the spring
lot since Buster John, Sweetest Susan and Drusilla had been of an age to
aporeclate ,the circumstance.
Consequently they watched him closely, and in comparative silence,
their comments being confined to low whispers. Sweetest Susan's solici
tude was for the child in the wagon, but her curiosity compelled her to
keep sharp eyes on the man. who went nervously about his business, and
very awkwardly, too, as even the children could Bee. Sweetest Susan's
solicitude was rewarded, for. as she leaned against the frame of the wagon.
____ii____iii_i li— .■_______l_lli_T___n___H__l__ ■■WIIIIM___I-_.______i.ll__l___l_.__.Mi_i___iMlßl I 1111.11111 -
A
Frightened
Child's
"I"*"*"*
race
Peered
Out
' At Them
From
The
Folds
Of the
Wagon
► ' Top.
the child on the inside reached its soft little hands out and patted her
gently on the arm. To Sweetest Susan this was more than a caress, and
she seized the small hand and held it against her cheek for a moment.
Then she made bold to ask the man— called him Mr. Ransom at a ven
ture—if she might bring the little one some supper.
"Who told you my name?' the man asked with suspicion in his eyes.
"I heard you call yourself Roby Ransom," replied Sweetest Susan very
"We'll, you heard right for once," he said. "Supper for the young un?
Tooby shore; fetch it. I didn't allow I'd take in boarders when I started,
an' I ain't got any too much vlttle^for myself."
So Sweetest Susan and Drusilla went to the house to arrange for bring
ing the child some super, while Buster John lagged behind and watched
the man till the bell rang. Meanwhile the grandfather had told his daugh
ter (the mother of Buster John and Sweetest Susan) about the child in
the wagon, and that lady was in quite a fume about it. At first she in
sisted en going down and taking the child away from tho man; she was
sure there was something wrong. '*•,*_":.
"There may be." said the White-haired Master, "but we are not sure
about It. and we might make bad matters worse. There s plainly some
thing wrong about the man: that much is certain; but the child may be
his and it may be badly spoiled. No, it would be wrong to interfere with
him :. l've thought it all over." ' . .-- '..- „„„„,,, mo i,~ ♦»,__,
"If you'll take my advice," remarked his daughter, you 11 make the
negroes tie the man and lock him in the corn crib until we find out some
thing about him." -'■Vy
"That would hardly be legal." said the old gentleman. >;
"Well I don't think there is much law in the country at this time, the
lady Insisted. "If we knew he had stolen the child, what could you do with
"What you say is very true," remarked the White-haired Master,
"truer even than you think it is.- Still there is no reason why we should
be hasty and unjust." , ... , , , _.»._. o _i_-
As the lad* was convinced against her will, she remained of the same
opinion still, and that opinion became a conviction when Sweetest Susan
arrived and told all she saw and all she thought. But there was nothing
to be done but to give the child one full meal If it got no more, and so the
lady set about fixing supper for the unfortunate. She piled a pla.e hgn
with biscuits and ham and chicken, and when the children were through
supper they waited impatiently for Drusilla to finish hers, so they could all
go together. Sweetest Susan Insisted on carrying, the plate herself.
When they arrived at the camper's fire they found the man eating
supner by himself.
"Where's the baby?" asked Sweetest Susan. .-..--* ;-•.
--"In the waggin." replied the man curtly. "T wanted to take the imp
out. but he wouldn't let me tech him. Git him out if you can."
The child needed no coaxing when Sweetest Susan called him. He
crawled to the front of the wagon and held out his arms to her and he
hugged her so lightly around the neck that It was as much as she could
do to climb down without falling. The little fellow was well dressed, but
he was barefooted, and his feet were very cold.
"Where are his shoes?" asked Sweetest Susan, Indignantly. ■
"He must 'er pulled 'em off and flung 'em away. Oh, he's a livln ter
ror, he is. Don't you let him fool you." «,<__,„,.»*
The child ate his supper, sitting in Sweetest Susan's lap, and he seemed
to be very hungry. He tried to make Sweetest Susan eat some, too, and
once or twice he smiled when she pretended to be eating ravenously. But for
the most part the child kept his eyes fixed on Mr. Ransom, and clung more
tightly to Sweetest Susan whenever he caught the man looking at him.
The result of it all was that when the time came for the children to go
to the- house Sweetest Susan found it impossible to get rid of the child.
He wouldn't allow Ransom to take him— seemed ready to go into con
vulsions whenever the man approached: and, finally, in order to Induce him
to get into the wagon Sweetest had to go in with him (accompanied by
Drusilla) and once there she was compelled to lie by the child until it
dropped off to sleep. He held her hand tightly clasped in his tiny fists.
Buster John was impatient, and said he was going to bed, and Sweetest
Susan told him to tell mamma that she and Drusilla would come as soon
as the baby went to sleep. Drusilla. drowsy eyed, lay down on the bed
clothes and was asleep before the child was. Sweetest Susan made every
effort to withdraw her hand and slip from the wagon, but these move
ments aroused the child and set it to whimpering.
Everything was very still; even the frogs called to one another drow
sllv ' The mules had cleaned up their ration of fodder and were now doz
in"' Under these circumstances it was not long before Sweetest Susan was
as sound asleep as Drusilla. and apparently the child was asleep too.
' Ransom in due time arose from the flre where he had been sitting, went
to I- ,'■ rear of the wagon and looked In. and then stood listening Intently.
Nothing was to be heard but the regular heavy breathing of three sound
Bleeoers He went to the spring, got some water and carefully put out the
fire At no time had it been a large one. Then stealthily, almost noise
less'lv he put the mules to the wagon, drove out at the gate and Into the
nubile road Once Sweetest Susan dreamed that she was going to town
n the wagon with Johnny Bapter; but that must have been when the
wagon was going down the long and steep hill that led to the Crooked
Creek
An hour after the wagon had disappeared Mrs. Wyche. the children s
mother aroused herself from thoughts of her husband who was in tho
army and remembered that it was long past the time for Sweetest Susan
to be in bed". She called to Jemimy, Drusllla's mother, who was nodding
by the fire in the dining room. .-. y
" "Jemimv go to the spring where the wagoner Is camping and tell
Sweetest Susan and Drusilla to come straight to the house; they should
have been here long ago. Bring them with you."
Temimv went to the spring, but saw no wagon nor any signs of one,
the fire being out. She heard Johnny Bapter singing near the lot; she
called him and asked about the wagon. y ...•-_
"Ef 'taint't down dar by de spring, I dunno whar 'tis."
Jemimy ran back to the house, nearly frightened to death. Her report
was "Mistress dey ain't no wagon dar!"
'•'•Merciful heavers'" screamed the lady. "I told father to have the
man "tied and locked in the corn crib, and now he has stolen my child!
Oli "An" 1 he got Drusilla!" cried Jemimy. throwing up her hands wildly.
'"An' he got Drusilla!" cried Jemimy. throwing up her hands wildly.
The White-haired Master came forth from the library with a troubled
facp He was a man of action, and in five minutes the whole plantation
was aroused But Sweetest Susan and Drusilla had disappeared. Strong
lunged negroes called them, but they made no answer. They were several
miles away and fast asleep.
(To be continued next Sunday.)
tered the prevailing proverb of this , zone,
'do nothing to-day that you can do to
morrow.' " .
NIANTIC PARLOR, N. S. G. W.
Last Tuesday night Niantie Parlor, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, celebrated
Its twelfth anniversary by an at home
to members and their lady relatives and
friends. Shasta Hall. Native Sons build
ing, in which al 1 assembled, was not
large enough to accommodate all who
wished to enjoy the programme prepared
for their -entertainment. Henry Millzner j
made a few introductory remarks, after |
which there were vocal solos by Mrs. j
Robert McLav, John Ross and R. Ray; a ,
zither solo by Leo Edelman. and recita
tion by Mrs. T. Barton. Then followed
dancing and the serving of icecream and
cakes. The committee that provided for •
the evening was Frank Mordecal. J. B.
Keenan. Frank Drury. Robert Hay and i
T. E. McQuade. _
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Miss Annie Ackmann of Golden State
Parlor has returned to this city after a j
short visit to Paraiso Springs. Miss Ma
mie Ducker. treasurer of the parlor, left
last week for Crescent City, where she
will remain for some time with her sister,
who is also a member of the parlor.
On the evening of the loth Inst.
Fremont Parlor gave a fishpond party in
the Native Sons' banquet hall for the
benefit of the Native Daughters' Home.
There was a good attendance, and those
who were there were liberal in purchas
ing fish. It is expected that the affair
has raised a neat sum for a deserving
cause In addition to the fun created by
fishing there was a good programme of :
d It l is S stated that Miss Eliza D. Keith of i
Alta Parlor has decided to withdraw from j
the race for the position of grand presi- |
de San?a Luc?ta¥krlor of San Luis Obispo i
will give its first musicale and ball on the j
Ne°xt 'Saturday Grand President Mrs
Mills will visit the parlor In Crescent
City! and on her return will visit the one
at Redwood City.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Under the direction of Mrs. B. Harris,
Miss Kate Campbell, Mrs. Hartwick,. Miss
A. O'Keefe and Mrs. Giebeau, Live Oak
Circle, recently gave a social in the Social
Hall of the Alcazar, which proved to be
one of the mest enjoyable functions that
this wideawake circle has ever given.
There was a good attendance and tho
programme of dances was a well selected
one.
On the night of the 10th Inst, the grand
chief companion paid his official visit to
Loyal Circle in Oakland and was greeted
with a genuine welcome by the members
and visitors. There were present the
frand eubschief- companion, Mrs. Flora
acobs; the grand financial secretary,
Miss Agnes D. Bremer- the grand record
ing secretary, Mrs. L. Atwood; Grand
Trustee Mrs. A. Davis, Past Grand Chiefs
Mrs. Duke and Mrs. Carah and repre
sentatives from many of the local circles
and some from the Alameda County cir
cles. After the close of the business there
were speeches by the grand officers and
others, and during the evening the grand
chief was given by the circle as a token
of appreciation of his efforts on behalf of
the order a gold-back brush, and to the
grand subchief there was presented a
beautiful floral token. There was a col
lation and a general good time.
On the night of the 13th Inst. Indepen
dence Circle, which was Instituted on the
Sth of last December with a membership
of twenty-three, was visited officially by
Grand Chief Companion Coburn, and he
was greeted by a large number of the
members of the order. The work of Ini
tiation was performed in a very pleasant
manner by the officers, and at the close
the announcement was made that Ih ad
dition to the five who were admitted to
membership on that night the circle had
since its institution -added forty-two
strangers to its membership, a very good
showing in that space of time. For the
entertainment of the members and vis
itors as well as the grand officers there
was an adjournment to the Social Hall of
the Alcazar, where twenty-one members
of the circle, who had blacked up, gave
a pleasing minstrel show and cake-walk,
that being followed by a collation ln the
banquet hall. There the circle, to show
its approval of the course of the grand
chief companion, presented him a very
pretty dressing case, Then thero was tho
presentation by the circle to its deputy,
Mrs. K. A. Haughy, grand treasurer, of a
fine pair of opera glasses in a. velvet
bag, as an expression of tho approval of
her work for the circle.
On the night of the 15th Inst. Inter Nos
Circle No. 215 had a Jolly domino party in
the Alcazar Social Hall. The largo at
tendance gave proof that Tnter.Nos Is
still one of the popular circles of
the order. Many were in costume,
some pretty, some original 'and many
plain and ordinary, but all served the pur
pose of concealing the Ideality of the
wearers until the time for unmasking.
The evening was most enjoyably spent.
There was a good programme of up-to
date dances.
Bonita Circle will give a social ln Man
gels' Hall on the 27th Inst.
The farmers' party that was recently
given by Robin Hood Circle was very well
attended and was one of the most enjoy
able functions that this enterprising sub
ordinate has ever given. Everybody was
jolly, and the only regret was that the
hour for "Home, Sweet Home" came too
soon.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The recent session of the Grand Council
held in this city revealed one of the pecu
liarities of fraternity. Grand Councilor
Boehm served three years consecutively I
as the head of the order and during that j
time devoted a great deal of personal at- i
tention to it, visiting many councils, giv
ing advice, and so forth. After his re
port, which had been referred, was adopt
ed, some representative made eulogistic
remarks about the earnest and arduous
work of the grand councilor, and then
moved that the grand body prove Its ap
preciation of his work by a rising vote.
Such a vote was given. Subsequently
there was a call for the election of five
representatives to the Supreme Council,
and, as was expected, the grand councilor
was nominated, and, as it was also ex
pected, that in view of the compliment
paid by a rising vote, that on the first bal
lot he would be rewarded for his services
by an almost unanimous vote for supreme
representative; but on that ballot he
fell short two of being elected, and on the
four other ballots he did not receive
enough votes to send him to the supreme
body. That was a case of tendering an
officer an empty honor.
The reception that was tendered by Ev
ans and Golden Gate councils to the grand
officers and representatives to the Grand
Council in the Foresters' building waa
attended by 187 persons. The affair was
under the direction of W. N. Brunt of
Evans and J. Rothenberg of Golden Gate
Council, and consisted of a choice pro
gramme, the numbers being contributed
by Mrs. Beers. Miss Juliette Turpin, F.
D. Brandon, Master Mangels, Miss K.
Butler and J. L. Cahill. There was a fine
collation and addresses by Walter N.
Brunt, Grand Councilor Savage and oth
ers, and dancing until midnight followed.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
At the meeting of the American Guild's
local chapter, San Francisco 328, it was
announced that Supreme Deputy R. W.
McGarvle had been confined to his home
for some time by Illness. It was stated
that in a short time he would be able to
continue In the work of the guild. It was
decided that at the close of the next
meeting of the chapter there should be
after the routine business a card party
for all the members.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
C. Nellsen, an active member of the or
der, is organizing a new tribe of Red Men
who will open a wigwam In Mission
Opera Hall. There are about fifty names
on the petition to Institute, and it is ex
pected that it will be in working order by
the Ist of May.
Manzanita Tribe had an Interesting
meeting in its wigwam last Wednesday
night, when there was work in the adop
tion degree. After that had been disposed
of and other business had been passed
upon there was an adjournment to the
banquet hall, where all enjoyed a feast of
corn and venison and smoked the pipe of
peace and listened to a varied programme
of songs and stories.
Tales of the
Malayan Coast
From Penang to the Philippines
ROUNSEVELLE - WILDMAN
ROUNSEVELLE WILDMAN
U. S. Consul General at Hongkong.
Dedicated to Admiral Dewey
12mo, 111. by HENRY SANDHAM, gilt
top, $1 00. ' ." -
"Have much of that rugged power that char-
acterizes Kipling's 'Jungle Stories.' • • •
The ring and thrill of every one of these tales
Is a very live quality." Boston Herald.
At all book stores, or sent postpaid upon re-
»»lpt of price.
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston
■y-.vv-?£-_ ._— 3 l l K only player in San Francisco
to-day that may he taken seri
ously is Lillian Burkhart, and
il she. as you know, is appearing
in a vaudeville show at the
Orpheum. With comic opera and in
llammatory farce comedy at every
other hand stub is the theatrical for
tune of the town. We are under many
obligations to the Ori heum, but under
tame greater than this one. The ab
sence of any legitimate counter attrac
tion has served to attract attention to
Miss Burkhart. and attention is all that
this clever young woman needs I don't
want to pose as a discoverer and
prophet and all that sort of thing where
doubtless there have been scores of
knowing ones ahead of me, but at the
same time I should ike to go on record
as one of the pioneer appreciators of
Miss Burkhart's original and fascinat
ing art. She is sure to do something
big and brilliant one of these nights in
a bigger field, and when she does I
want to be able to chorus with the rest
of the I-told-you-sos. For you see Miss
Burkhart's case is quite different from
that of the other legitimate actresses
whom we have seen in vaudeville. They
have come Into the business through
ointment In more serious acting.
or through love of short toil and long
leisure, or— to get down to the most
popular reason— through a yearning for
the queenly salary of the elevator of
the variety stage. They all have
brought with them experience, reputa
tion and a proper disesteem for the
performance of any more work than
the contract calls for. Vaudeville of
fered them no new honors, no occasion
for ambition— nothing, in fact, but the
maximum of salary for the minimum of
work. With .Miss Burkhart it was dif
ferent. She has to her credit just one
season of legitimate playacting— that
was with her husband, Charles Dick
son, in "Incog." When a season or two
ago she crept into vaudeville at a salary
that even a newspaper man would
scorn, she was little better than an
amateur. She carried with her no
reputation at all and a wealth of in
experience. But she had the talent and
the grit and she knew what she wanted
to do and finally she did it, and to-day
she is the ■rest actress on the va
riety stage. Maybe this mode of de
veloping genius is hardly model. The
environment of coon songs, acrobatics
and trained animals does not seem cal
culated to nourish the Instinct for
clean, graceful comedy acting. But on
the other hand there is perhaps an ad
vantage in not being hampered by the
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Ernestine Krellng — Proprietor and Manager.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
THE LITTLE TROOPER,
MONDAY EVENING, April 24th,
"HAPPY JAPAN, GARDEN OF GLITTER!
FLOWER AND FAN, FLUTTER AND FLIT-
HAPPY JAPAN! HAPPY JAPAN!
HAPPY JAPAN."
-^BEAUTIFUL PRODUCTION OF THE JAPAN-
ESE MUSICAL PLAY,
The Geisha
BBBBBgB ___________BE_B__H
a_____Ra___x_aa_B____ra___________________r
, SUPERB CAST,
Including:
MR EDWIN STEVENS,
H .",r * < .", 1 .".r 1 " s W * Swain,' jMiss Anna Mor
Mr. William Prume, Miss Annie Mye-s
Mr. Phil Branson, Miss Till; Salinger
Mr. William Schuster, Miss Gc.rßie Cooper.
Master; Jack Robertson, JMiss Ida Wy.itt.
First Appearance of San Francisco's Favorite
MR. FRANK COFFIN.
PRICES 7777. 25c and DOc.
Telephone, Bush 6.
EL CAMPO,
.THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the seasoa
Music, Dancing, Bowline, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 26c; Children, lac; including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 11:10,
VI and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 3 and & p. m.
F.IETHOPOLITAN TEMPLE.
REDUCED price* ol ADMISSION, 25 cents; !
children. 10 cents. MARVELOUS MOVING I
PICTURES POPE LEO XIII: return of
heroes of the late war, and over forty other j
moving views; vocal and instrumental music.
Afternoons, 3 o'clock; evenings, 8:15 o'clock.
stock tricks and cant of the "purfesh."
In any event Lilian Burkhart comes to
us "fresh from life" instead of "stale
from the stage," with personality, elo
quotion and art that are entirely her
own.
* » *
Why Miss Burkhart still sticks to
vaudeville I '.-ill not attempt to say.
Certainly she has reason to be grate
ful to it. But until the one-ad vaude
ville play reach* the same dignity that
the short story has reached In litera
ture there is no artistic reason why it
should monopolize th efforts of an
actress whose youth and skill are
needed in the larger comedies that are
already written and languishing for
proper exploitation. And in the mean
time Miss Burkhart is missing experi
ence. She has run he gamut of the
available half-hour sketch, but she has
yet to try herself In the cumulative
craftsmanship that wins in the big
play. The- actor can grow great at his
leisure, the actress must do it while
she is young. This present work is
pretty, delicately poised, full of humor.
womanliness and fragrance, but it Is
essentially miniature, and 1 think that
Miss Burkhart could do the real life
size tiling. She has the voice— a voice
clear, easy, beautifully musical and yet
equal to ithe quickest colloquial
phrase — the fresh, companionable stage
presence that counts for sc much; the
expressive face and the little easy fig
ure; she wears her gowns like a gen
tlewoman; and best of all, she has the
quality which is the most desirable and
the seldomest found in the woman
player, and that is Humor. Woman
may be just as humorous an animal as
man, but she has a harder time con
vincing the world. On the stage she
| AMUSEMENTS.
COLOMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING
TO-MORROW!
Every Night, Including Sunday,
«A_«**iErf W%
ACCOMPANIED BY
,BAD ° R RUSH,
In His Latest Success,
THE WRONG
MH WRIGHT-
By GEO. H. BROADHURST,
Author of "Why Smith Left Home."
...OLYMPIA...
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
EASTERN STAR ATTRACTIONS.
ED. DOLAN,
New York's Irish Comedian.
DOLLIE MITCHELL,
Dancing Soubrette.
Fourteen Weeks and a Greater Favorite Than
Ever,
QUERITA VINCENT,
The New York Sensation, in New Coon Songs. :
A BILL OF ALL-STAR ARTISTS. - I
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE SUNDAY. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL, 23, 1899.
AT THE
THEATRES
usually overdoes it. Half the time she
Is obviously subtle or else archly
bumptious. I have seen Ada Rohan,
whom we all admire, resort to tricks
that would be absurd, even in vaude
ville. Maude Adams is sympathetically
humorous; Julia Marlowe has a lovely
sense of fun; Helen Modjeska is the
very mistress of humor; May Irwin is
the embodiment of colloquial mirth —
ai d there are others, of course, but the
list is short. Miss Burkhart possesses
this rare quality In a fair measure of
development. She knows when to
speak the word, when to say it In a
gesture or a flash of the eye; she knows
the delicate shades of suggestion. She
is, in a word, a remarkable little
woman, self-Beloscoed, and she de
serves a lot of credit an applause,
But her real work has not yet com
mem
* * «
Mr. Gerald Gerome, the tenor gentle
man whose singing has done consider
• '•!'"- damage to the popularity of the
Tivoli, has at last made a hit with the
patrons of the house. Mr. Gerome has
resigned. The story is funny. It seems
that in last week's production of "The
Little Trooper" the tenor part obliged
Mr. Gerome to participate in a duel
with Miss Annie Meyers. Part of Miss
Meyers' stage business, according to
the instructions of the author, obliged
her to swat Mr. Gerome with tht flat
of her sword in that region where
mothers smite their young. Mr. Ge
rome objected to the assault, saying
that to share in such conduct would be
beneath his artistic dignity. And so
he sang an informal resignation and
left. He will be replaced by Frank Cof
fin, a local tenor of reputation, who,
while new -to the operatic stage, has
I 7 ABASEMENTS.
CALIFORNI^I ; HEAT__Rr~
TO-NIGHT
AND ALL WEEK,
* there's! THE
nothino .^^ , l .'-
WARMER RAYS
in the g-dr /,l w J*«^
FARCE J_.U./a. Jl X__^
COMEDY !
LINE. JOHNNY-EMMA.
In Their
HOWLING SUCCESS,
A
HOT ; gg
OLD **
TIME. .
CROWDED HOUSES £__ I IVTP I
1 TELL THE STORY,. :*~V IT. I I J
CHUTESJ_ND ZOO!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR GANTZ, the Merry Midget, in the Zoo
Don't Get Lost in the LONDON MAZE.
See LUNETTE the Hypnotic Marvel.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
JOE STORMS JR., CONGO and
the REMAINS of SALLY In
THE ZOO.
served his time in choir and concert
and will not be too sensitive.
Qrand Opera-^ouse
To-morrow evening the Southwell Opera
Company enters upon the fourth week of
it- engagement at the Grand Opera-house
by presenting Sousa and Whin's favor
ite tuneful and amusing opera. "El Capl
tan." When the De Wolff Hopper Opera
Company concluded Its short run at the
Baldwin with it a couple of years ago
It had far from exhausted its popularity
and as the forthcoming revival will in- on
a very elaborate scale there are good rea
sons for believing it will be accorded the
most liberal patronage. The scenery and
the costumes are to be entirely new and
the cast which is to Interpret II includes
the all strength of the organization,
which has had previous experience with
the opera, having presented it in Phila
delphia with great success. The various
roles are allotted as follows: Don Enrico
Medigua; William Wolff; Chamberlain.
Arthur Wolley; Don Lulz Cazarro. Win
fred Goff; Count Hernando Verado;
Thomas H. Persse; Si 'ami a. Mire Dela
motta: Montalba. Forrest Carr; Nevatlo.
.*.'... Boneville; General Herbana, George
Arling: li-*i -Ida, Hattie Belle Ladd; aad
Daisy Thome alternating; Princess Mor
ganza. Bertha Rlcci; Isabel. Edith Mason
and Eleanor Guistl alternating; Taci
turnce, Addle Arnold. The already very
large and capable chorus will be consider
ably added to and it is estimated that
fully ISO people will appear in the pro
duction.
The Columbia.
A popular star, a successful play
and a strong cast In support will be the
mediums by which it is hoped goodly au
diences will be attracted to the Columbia
Theater during the next two weeks. The
star is Roland Reed, the play "The
Wrong Mr. Wright," and among those
supporting Mr. Reed in his production
are Isadore Rush, one of the beauties of
the stage; Lottie Alter, Althea Luce,
Mary Myers, Charles S. Abbe, Sheridan
Tupper, Charles Wyngate, Charles Loth
AMUSEMENTS.
%oft«m_
Commencing Sunday Matinee, April 23d.
NEW BILL OF EUROPE'S AND AMERI-
CA'S BEST ARTISTS. -"*-
-r DILLON 1
HARRY . ' UILLUII ■ i
America's Favorite Author-Comedians and
Parodists.
RIOS BROTHERS,
Europe's Celebrated Ring Acrobats.
GEORGE W. DAY,
Monologlst and Comic Vocalist.
JAGKLEY~JONOERS-
World Famous Lofty Pyramid Artists.
ED, M FAVOR and EDITH SINCLAIR
In Their Comedy Sketch, "The Magulres."
CLARICE VANCE,
Rag-Time Vocalist.
AL AND MAMIE ANDERSON,
•'•*.'■ The Darktown Comedians.
LILLIAN TURKHART
AND COMPANY.
The Versatile Comedienne in Her Dainty
Comedy, "A Passing Fancy."
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, APRIL 23.
- Parquet, any seat, ~c. . Balcony r 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
ian. Julian Reed, L. P. Hicks and James
Douglass.
"The Wrong Mr. Wright," said to be a
most amusing work, is from the pen of
George W. Bpoadhurst, author of "Why
Smith Left Home" and "What Happened
to Jones." The story Is highly amusing.
The principal players" meet first at a hotel
In old Point Comfort. Sites, who hails
from San Francisco, is in pursuit of a
clerk who has robbed him by forgery of
$50,000; and for whose arrest he has " of
fered a reward of $,"000. In an economi
cal effort to save the reward he has trav
eled to Virginia. To hide his Identity he
assumes the name of Mr. Wright, and the
first complication arises on his meeting
his nephew and niece, who are spending
a few weeks at the same place. He takes
them into his confidence. A far more se
rious complication arises upon the arri
val of Henrietta Oliver, who has been em
ployed by the detective agency to try to
capture the defaulter. She has learned
that la- has assumed the name of Mr.
Wright, and she Immediately picks Sites
out as the man for whom she is
In search; but Sites becomes enamored
of Henrietta; his whole manner changes.
From bAng mean and close he becomes
liberal almost to extravagance. He sends
her flowers In abundance, but she never
forgets that he is the thief. Out of this
grow puzzles and situations. She finally
causes his arrest, but he proves that he
is Sites. He then chooses the fin de slecle
detective for a wife.
Jh2 California.
The Rays continue another week in
their wild farce comedy. "A Hot Old
Time," which did" a big business all the
past week at the California and greatly
pleased the patrons of the house. It Is a
rough and tumble show, but very funny.
Johnnie Ray is certainly the lowest of low
B_b____3_i__-____9__l i_» _H
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. coe op h e°^a e
BRILLIANT SUCCESS OF THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY.
TO-NIGHT— Last Performance of "ERMINIE."
.TO-MORROW, MONDAY EVE., April 24,
Grand Spectacular Production of Sousa's
Glorious Opera,
EL CAPITAN
NOTE-^On account of the immense seating
capacity the following prices will go Into effect
TO-NIGHT:
Entire Orchestra Floor, reserved 50c
Entire Dress Circle, reserved 25c
Gallery, not reserved tne
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
'____WBSk FAREWELL
m^^^7fy\ \ UL^aIALJI
MDRIT7
JM& ROSENTHAL,
%J BECITALS!
gJKV THE WIZARD
TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY AFTERNOONS,
April 25th and 2Gth.
Popular Programmes Popular Prices.
Reserved Seats 50c,* 75c, $1 and $1 50
INTERCOLLEGIATE CONCERT!
CALIFORNIA
And
STANFORD.
ALHAMBRA~THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones.
SATURDAY NIGHV April 29, 1899.
GLEE, MANDOLIN AND BANJO CLUBS
of both Universities with Specialties.
Admission - - 50 and 75 Cents.
WHY DOES MISS BURKHART
Stick
To Vaudeville Acting?
By Ashton Stevens.
Irish comedians. He is idiotically amus
ing where other actors would be merely
Idiotic- and Mrs. Ray. with her prodig
ious physique and long-distance voice,
makes a howling foil. The management
Is fortunate In reopening the California
with this attraction.
The /-Ucazar.
"Captain Swift" is not a new play to
this city, it having been produced here
several times, once at the Alcazar some
time ago. But it is a play of great popu
lar sympathy and will doubtless do well
again. It deals with one Captain Swift,
who, after leading a life of outlawry in
Australia, returns to London to become
the guest of a Mr. Seabrook. Mrs. Sea
brook at once recognizes in him her ille
gitimate son. Swift while at the house
wins favor with Seabrook'a ward and cre
ates the enmity of the son. who was like
wise smitten with the girl. Events develop
which bring peace officers to the home
with warrants to arrest Swift for his
early transgressions, acd to avoid capture
he kills himself.
The Orpheum.
The Orpheum has four new acts on this
week's bill and several of the holdovers
will appear in a change of programme.
The Dillon Bros, are parody singers and
dancers, and as such are said to be very
clever. Their specialty is parodies on the
popular songs of the day. The Rio Bros,
are aerial acrobats, who are performers
on the high bars and swinging rings. They
are Europeans, brought over for the
Orpheum circuit. Another Importation is
the Jackley wonders, whose special fea
ture is acrobatic feats, including some
sensational jumping from lofty heights,
striking on the stage on their hands.
George W. Day, the monologist, has been
Been here before. He returns with a
budget of new material and up-to-date
songs. Miss Lillian Burkhart and com
pany will appear in her favorite farce,
"A Passing Fancy." Other holdovers are
Clarice Vance in new songs. Ed M. Fa
vor and Edith Sinclair in "A High Roller"
and Al and Mamie Anderson in coon songs
and dances. v_V/- V.*""'
Jhe TiVoli.
Frank Coffin, a tenor well and favor
ably known to local concertgoers, joins
AMUSEMENTS.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL 7
t THURSDAY
EVENING,
hPIP^BP LAST
3.-^ *i li\ RECITAL
I San Francisw
KNABE PIANO USED.
Reserved Seats $1.60 aod $2.90
First Two Rows .$3.08
General Admission $l.G(j
Sale of seats will begin at Kohler & Chase's
Monday morning at 9 o'clock.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF
MANILA BAY
Market street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION, BOc; Children. 25c.
This panorama is a correct representation of
the great fight. The landscape, bay. and ships
have been painted by artists purposely sent to
Manila; and returning? naval officers and others
have assisted by furnishing correct data, thus
enabling the management to reproduce the
battle as it was fought by Admiral Dewev,
historically and absolutely correct In every de-
tali. Same , general style as Waterloo and
. Gettysburg, but surpassing them in artistic
merit and Interest, showing not only the bat-
. tle but the beautiful • blue Lay of Manila
with its villages and cities along the shores.
the Tivoli company this week in the part
of Captain Katana in "The Geisha." This
charming musical comedy is one of the
greatest musical successes ever presented
at this house, where it ran in one season
seventy-seven nights. The cast includes
Anna Lichter as O Mimosa San, Annie
Myers as Mollie Seamore', Georgie Cooper
as Juliette -Diamant, Tillie Salinger as
Lady Constance Wynne. William Pruette
as Reginald Fairfax. Phil Branson as
Dick Cunningham. William Schuster as
Takemlne, Charles W. Swain as Wun-Hi
<a role he played successfully for two
seasons with the Daly company). Master
Jack Robertson as Tommy Stanley and
Edwin Stevens in his creation or the
Marquis Imari.
Rosenthal's Recitals.
Moritz Rosenthal needs no introduction
to the concertgoers of San Francisco.
They have heard him and accepted him
as the technical wonder of the pianistic
world. Under Mr. File ''.lander's direction
he will give two recitals in the Grand
Opera-house on Tuesday and Wednesday
afternoons at extremely popular prices.
The following is the programme for Tues
day's concert:
Sonata, F minor. Op. 37 (Beethoven): "Ro
manze," "Vogel al Prophet" (Schuman): so
nata, Op. 53. B flat (Ludwlg Schytte); "Ber
ceuse," valse. C sharp minor, valse. D flat
major (Chopin); "Scherzo,?' I! flat minor. "At
the Fountain" (Davidoff-Rosenthal); "Etude
a la Tarantella" (GruenfelJ); "Papllions" (.Ro
senthal); "Vienna Carnival," on themes by
Johann Strauss (Rosenthal).
The Ghutes.
At the Chutes Free Theater the Salvlni
family of acrobats will make their first
appearance in this country this week.
Antonio Vargas, the barytone, will sing
here for the first time, and the Hartwell
sisters, singers and dancers, will disport
themselves for the first time on any San
Francisco stage. Ada Sweeney, a
serio-comic, will be new, and Way and
Man land will present a new turn. The
remains of "Sally." embalmed, will be
gazed at in mournful contemplation by
"Joe Storms Jr." and Congo and Major
Ganta, styled the "Merry Midget," will
be seen in the zoo.
Tha Olumpia.
The Olympia has Ed Dolan, an Irish
comedian; Dollie Mitchell, a chic dancer;
Agnes Castro, the popular soprano; Quer
ita Vincent in new songs and dances, and
some ten or more other acts.
Battle of jVlanila.
This faithful and artistic reproduction
of the great sea fight is one that appeals
to all Americans. The Olympia. with Ad
miral Dewey on the bridge, is the central
figure, and but a short distance away can
be seen the burning ships of the Spanish
navy, giving silent evidence of the deadly
aim of the American gunner. The artists
who were sent to Manila have certainly
done their work in a satisfactory manner,
for the great stretch of canvas stands
the test of the strongest opera-glass and
reveals points of interest and beauty not
visible to the unaided eye.
♦ ♦
*» The Sunday Call, 32 ♦
♦ pages, delivered at your *
home by mail for Sl 50
♦ a year. Subscribe for it. «►
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT, SUNDAY, I
/\ BAD LOT.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
And During Entire Week,
The New York Madison-square Theater Success,
CAPTAIN SWIFT
A PLAY WITH A SOUL,
i ALL NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
PRICES ISe. 25c, 35c, SOc
GLENPARKI
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS SUNDAY.
Vaudeville Show— Pigeon Race— Concert.
; JACK SYMONDS,
: Famous Conversationalist
i DUMAS AND DUMONT.
Black Face Comedians.
PER LE LEE,
Terpsiohorean Fremier.
j JOHNSON AND DURANT
In Musical Selection*.
! CAMPBELL AND LEIGH,
1 The Race Horse Sports.
' Admission 10 cents: Children under 6 years
free.
All San Mateo Electric Cars Direct to Park
. Entrance. Valencia, Mission and Sutter street
lines transfer.
GLEN PARK— week days from 10 a, mv
Admission 5 cents.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
April 22 and 23
CLASSICAL EVENTS.
, Sapling and Open Stakes.
! PRIZE MONEY.
i TRAIN SERVICE.
i Leaves Third and Townsend sts Saturday,
12:55 p. m. : Sunday. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m!
• Twenty-fifth and Valencia its. 5 minutes later!
Returning from Park immediately after last
> course. Extra train from Park on Sunday,
• 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars every 10
. minutes. ■> ■ ,
ADMISSION, 23 cents. LADIES FREE.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Silver advanced again.
Bank clearings continue it» gala.
Wheat a fraction off.
Barley futures unsettled.
o_tn, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Flour quotations revised.
Lima Beans firm.
Outside Hay cleaned out of 'mat***.
Vegetables selling well.
Potatoes nnd Onions unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as befora. ■
Poultry and Game nominal.
Cherries nnd Berries firm.
Limes higher. Oranges steady.
French Prune crop reported damaged.
Provisions unchanged.
Wool rather quieter.
Meat market firm.
Another advance in Codfish.
Decreased shipment of Wine.
EXPORTS OF WINK.
Exports of Wine by sea from this port during
the flrst quarter of 1838 were 1.109,400 gallons
end 8160 cases, valued at $386,070, against 1.322,-
SOO gallons and 2206 cases at $449,000 during the
same time la 1838.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local hank clearings last week war* 817,408,
--989, against £48,081 for tho .same weak last
year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 22, 5 p. m.
Th* following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
iast season, and rainfall In. last twenty-four
louts:
Last .This Last
Stationa — 24 Hours. .-Season. Season.
Eureka - 0.09 81.55 31.18
Rod Bluff 0.00 19.28 12.71
Bacramento ........... 0.00 13.91 S.S7
Pan Francisco 0.00 15.3-5 7.75
Fresno , 0.00 6.63 4.18
Kan Luis Obispo I 0.00 .81 6.06
J>GB Angeles I O.CO 4.73 6.23
fcan Diego 0.00 4.54 4.18
Sum* COO 1.34 L6S
San Francisco data: Maximum' temperature,
Fi: minimum, 48; mean. 52.
!WEATJIKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is b'trhest over Northwestern
Washington and lowest ln Southern Nevada.
•The pressure has risen over Montana and
aouthwostward to Central Nevada; elsewhere
It has fallen over the Pacific Slope.
The weather Is partly cloudy over the north
ern portion of the country west of the Rocky
Mountains and dear over the southern por
tion. Light rain has fallen In Washington.
The temperature his risen over Northwestern
Washington and Southeastern Arizona; else
where on the Pacific Slope lt has fallen.
Conditions are J rable for fair, cool weath
er ln California Sunday.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for*- thirty
hour, ending midnight. April ii:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
_northwe_>t wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; oooler in
northeast portion; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday; oooler ln
southern portion.
Utah— Cloudy and probably rain Sunday;
•ooler.
Arlaona— Partly cloudy Sunday: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Sunday;;
ireth northwest wind. Q. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast OfficlaL
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MAJtKJBT.
NEW YORK. April 22.— The market to-day'
was almost wholly professional and the net
changes were trivial. The specialties monopo- '
1.te.l attention except for activity In some of
tho Internationals. In the early trading an ex
pected favorable bank statement was dis
counted, and on Its appearance general realiz
ing followed, the appearance of a large supply
of stock from large holders giving encourage
ment to the bears to put out short lines, and
the market closed with a raid In progress. The
bank statement showed a large increase In
loans and deposits and consequent heavy gain
in surplus reserve. Loudon sold freely of
Southern preferred and Denver and Rio Grande,
but those stocks were very well taken and all
cioseo. at good advances. Norfolk and Western
■hares were the only other strong slocks.
Sugar was strong throughout and gained 2%.
Brooklyn Transit moved Irregularly, slightly
above yesterday's figures. Among other special
ties Continental Tobacco was pressed for sale
early on the Increased capitalization, but ral
lied on supporting orders, and closed with a
gain of 2 points. Tennessee Coal and Iron was
weak, losing a point. New Jersey Central was
helped by the announcement that certain high
rate bonds would be refunded by the Issu
ance of stock to be subscribed for by present
stockholders. The market closed weak.
The level of prices for the week was not
much changed, declines only lightly exceeding
In number the advances. The trading was of
c. professional character. The trade reports for
the wei showed a marked abatement of pros
perity in various lines of industrial activity.
The imports for March were the largest for
nearly two years, nevertheless the excess of
exports reached nearly J33,OWJ,<iOO, largely due
to a gain in manufactured ducts, at; the ex
ports of cereals, cattle and raw material fell
off about 118,000,000. Sterling exchange was
strong, with an insufficiency of commercial
hills. it was thought that preparations for the
payment of the Spanish Indemnity figured In
the starting market.
Money on '11 phc-wed a variable tendency,
alternately easy and firm, with ease generally
prevailing. The bank clearings of the United
States, reflecting the comparative apathy in
speculation, decreased for the week over $94.-
OuO.oOO. but were still greatly in excess of those
of last year. The grain market's strength, sup
posedly reflecting an expectation of a shrink
age in the cereal yield, waa watched narrowly
for its effect on the Grangers. This group of
Btocks moved within compressed limits, while
Turlington advanced about 2 points on the sub
scription privilege extended to stockholders.
'I "he professional element showed a frequent
disposition to be bearish, while real holders of
«tock generally clung tenaciously to their fa
•voritea, but tho liquidation of speculative
holders was not lacking. The dullness of the
week Merced conducive to an Increase In the '
short interests, which acted as a support to
values on concessions frequently. After a long
period of inactivity business suddenly in
creased as though it had been prearranged.
The most notable changes in prices for the
Week were declines In Third Avenue 9%, Brook
lyn Transit 4, Manhattan 3%. People's Gas 3%,
New York Central 2 and Lackawanna and
"Western % each. The advances Included New
York Airbrake 11, Colorado Fuel 10%, Colorado
Fuel preferred an dNew Haven 7 each. Ana
conda Mining 8, National Steel 4, New Jersey
Central, Delaware and Hudson and Louisville
over 3 each and Southern preferred 2%.
There was talk at one time of a recurrence
of discrimination in loans against the Indus
trials, but less was heard of this with the eas
ing of money.
There were sales for Western account on sev
eral occasions, which was taken to be con
nected with Information on crop prospects.
Railway earnings that appeared during the
week were generally favorable.
Considerable favorable comment was aroused
;Jjy the keen Investment inquiry for bonds,
which Included middle class as well as prime
grades. The market displayed pronounced
strength throughout, moving Independently of
the stock market.
United States twos, threes registered and
new fours register.- advanced 2; threes coupon
and old fours registered %, and new fours cou
pon % in the bid price.
The total sale of stocks to-day were 306,714
shares. Including: American Steel and Wire
EtSOO, American Sugar 16,600, Anacondas 7900,
Atchison 8100, Brooklyn Transit 16,300, Brook
lyn Transit rights 20u0, Burlington 4700, Colo
rado Coal and Iron 6500, Continental Tobacco
28,400, Denver and Rio Grande 15,000. Dcs
Moines and Fort Dodge 10,700, Federal Steel
6300, L. and N. 16,900, Manhattan Con. 2500,
Manhattan Beach 22,800, Mexican Central 10,200
Missouri Pacific 4900, National Steel 8800, South
ern Railway preferred 16,900, Tennessee Coal
and Iron 12.900.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% St Louis & 8 W... 12%
l>o prefd 61% Do prefd 34%
Baltimore & Ohio. 72% St Paul 128
Canada Pacific £9% Do prefd !.!'.'.itJ9
Canada Southern.. 67 St P & Om„ ..'.'.'.'. 94
Cent Pac 61% Do prefd 165
Ches & Ohio 27% So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 168 Ho Railway 13
'-'hi B & Q 143%' Do prefd. 64%
Chi & E 111 74% Texas & Pacific... 23%
Lo prefd 122 | Union Pacific 46%
-hi G W..... 16% Do prefd 79%
Chi Ind & L 10% U P D & G ... 12
Do profd 4K% Wabash 8
Chi & N W 161 Do prefd 22%
Do prefd 193 Wheel &I, E . .14
C C C & St L..... 80% 1 Do prefd 34%
, V"„ p , . ef ? ; '' Express Companies-
Del &. Hudson 124% ; Adams Ex. . 112
Del L & W 172% l American Ex.. .11. .140
Den & Rio G 23% United States St
Do prefd 77 Wells Fargo 127
Erie (new) 12% Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd 87% a Cot Oil 38
Ft Wayne 184 Do prefd .. . 93%
Gt Nor prefd 192 Am Spirits 14%
Hocking Val 10 Do prefd 38%
Illinois Cent 115% Am Tobacco .. . 224
Lake Erie & W.... 17% Do prefd 113
Do prefd 69 Don, Gas 200
Lake Shore 200 'Com Cable Co iso
Louis & Nosh 68% Col F & Iron '53%
Manhattan L. 123% Do prefd.. . . 11*
Met St Ry 250% Gen E1ectric....... *118%
Mich Cent 113 Haw Com C 0.... 102 /
Minn & St L 62% Brooklyn R T I*l%
Do Ist prefd...... BS% Intl Paper 53%
Mo Pacific 52%. Do prefd 82%
Mobile & Ohio 48 .Laclede Gas.... 5414
Mo X & T 12% Lead ..'. 34?!
Do prefd 33% Do prefd ™™
N J Central 122 Federal Steel 68
JN' V Central 139% Do prefd 86H
N T Chi &St L... 14 Nat Lin Oil 4
Do Ist prefd 66 .Pacific Mail 52%
Do 2d prefd 32 People's Gas 126%
Nor Weal „ 80% .'Pullman Pal iso-a
No Axner C 0........ 11% Silver Certificate*. 60
No Paclflc 62ft Standard R & T... 11
Do prefd 75% Sugar 167%
Ontario A W 27% Do prefd 116%
Or R & Nay prefd. 70 T C & Iron 64
Ur ShuTt Une 41% U S Leather 6%
Pao C Ist prefd.... 85 Do prefd 73%
Do 2d prefd 63 U S . Rubber 62
Pittsburg 164 Do prefd 115
Reading 24 Western Union 92%
Do Ist prefd 60% Am Steel 66%
R Q W 84 Do preld 88
Do prerd 76 Pao Coast M
Rock Island 116% Nor & W prefd.... 68%
St Louis .fe S F.... lift Colo Southern 6 l i
Do prefd 70% Do Ist prefd iO'.i
Do 2d prefd 30.; j Do 2d prefd 20
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100 Do 4s 94
Do as reg JOS N V Cent lsts US
Do 3s coup 109 X J Cent gen 6s. .Haft
Do new 4s reg...l2'i So Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s c0up. .130 Do 4s 104
Do old 4s reg 112% No Paclflo lsts 120
Do old 4s coup. ..113ft Do 3s. «8
Do Eg reg 111%' Do 4s 108%
Do 6s coup ill NYC& St L 45. ..106
Dlst of C 3.65s 117 Nor & W con 45.... 34ft
Alabama class A.. 110 I Do gen 6s 130
Do class B 110 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112%
Do class C 100 I Do 4s 103
Do Currency 100 Oregon SI. 6s 130%
Atchison gen 4a.... 101% 1 Do con os 112
Do adj 4s Reading gen 45.... 89%
Canada So 2ds 11l Bio G W l*ts 97%
Chen & Ohio 4%5.. 94%!9t L & I M con Es. 110 ft
Do 6s 120% IBt L & S F gen 65. 123%
Chi & N W con 75.144%.5t Paul con 168%
Do S F deb 65. ..123 'BtPCtP 15t5. ...121
Chi Term 4s 100 | Do 5s 121%
Den & Rio O lsts..lO*«ft Bo Railway 5s 109%
Do 4s 101% Stand R & T 65... 90
E T V & G 15t5... 105% Term new set 35... I*7
Erie gen 4s 72 Tax & Pao ...114
FW& D C lsts... 85% Do 2ds 65%
Con Electric 65. ...116 ft Union Pac 4s 105%
GH&S A6s 11l UPD & G lsts... : 0
Do 2ds nift Wabash lsts 117
H & T C 5s 112 Do 2ds 98%
Do con 6s 110 West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Cent lsts 10:-ftlWis Cent lsts 69%
, X C P & G lsts.... 67ft|Va Centuries 84
|La new con 4s 109%: Do Deferred 9
LAN unified 45... 97 Colo Southern 45.. 86%
M X & T Ms 67%
MINING STOCKS.
[ rhollar 25 Ontario 7 25
Crown Point is Ophir 1 05
Con Cal & Va.... 15 Plymouth 10
luadwood 60 Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 30! Do prefd 8 00
Hale & Norcross.. 20 Sierra Nevada 90
Homestake 53 00 1 Standard 2 60
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 40
Mexican 50 Yellow Jacket .... 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 64%
Time loans 3'4f*?4 Ed Elec Tel* 200
Time loans 384.4 Atch prefd 61
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & St Fe 20%!Atch 4s 100%
Amer Sugar 167% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117% i Allouez Mm Co.. 11
Bell Tel 363 Atlantic 40
Boston & Albany. .2so Boston & Mont ?.\$
Boston & Maine... lßo 'Butte & 805t0n.... 37
Boston L 98%. Calumet & Hecla..S3s
Chi B & Q 143% | Centennial 45%
Fitchburg 120 Franklin 26ft
Gen Electrio 11. did Dominion 46%
Fed Steel 68 Osceola 92ft
Mexican Cent .... 14% Quincy 167
Old Colony 211 Tamarack 235
Rubber 52 Wolverine 47%
Union Pao 4G%|Parrott 59%
West End 95 Adventure 13
Do prefd 115% Humboldt 1%
Westlngh. Eleo ... 4S%|
NEW YORK'S FINANCIAL CONDITION.
NEW YORK, April 22.— Financier says.
The New York banks added $3,684,700 to their
cash holdings last week, making a gain of
about .6,600,000 since April 8. Within the same
period reserve requirements, owing to tho
shrinkage of 810,565.700 in deposits, decreased
about $2,050,000, so that the excess reserve has
expanded $15,000,000 in the comparatively short
space mentioned. This change, which, of
course, tends to an easier condition of the
money market, has been brought about in part
through the resumption of the interior move
ment ln this direction and by the liquidation j
in loans, which has been a choice feature of j
the statements for several weeks past. The I
loan Item discloses the fact that since the
opening of April a contraction of between 819.- |
000,000 and 120,001/, has taken place. Ob- i
viously, In the face of a showing like this, !
the outlook as regards money rates becomes
very much more settled, and as the factors ;
which make for an expansion ln reserves are
■till prominent the future holds out the prom- i
ise of still easier conditions. The current state- I
ment, however, when studied in detail, presents )
some anomalous features. Thus, one Institu
tion, which has strong foreign connections, has
decreased Its loans no less than $9,000,000, and
Its deposits and specie accounts show corre
sponding changes. This may have occurred :
in the usual course of business, but the sterling !
loans made in this center a fortnight since j
and the lmmlneney of the settlement of the j
Philippine indemnity may not have been with- '
out influence.
The financing of industrial combinations and
the settlement of heavy railroad deals an* re- j
sponsible for some of the unlooked for changes l
In the individual Institutions from week to
week, but as these are now generally provided
for. tho___ weekly exhibit of totals may be more '
easy ntemplatlon. Taking the statement
ln a broad sense, lt means- that if anything l
the banks are recuperating the losses sustained
during the crop movement early In the spring,
and since they have concluded the operations
Incident to the financing of various large deals
that from this time on they will have loanable
funds in excess of the demand. This may tend
to revive sagging speculation, or it may in
spire a resumption of truet formation checked
several weeks since, but the latter is Improb
able, owing both to exhaustion of suitable ma
terial and the indisposition to encourage the
trust babit. As for speculation there are too
many conflicting features, from foreign money
markets to domestic crops and other causes, to
make a prediction of much value.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 22.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were generally quiet and
firm to-day, but Americans were more active
than recently, hardening distinctly. Th. close
was a shade over parity. The chief feature
was arbitrage buying of Louisville and Nash
ville and Southern Railway. There was active
dealings In copper shares. Anacondas relapsed
to 11 1-16. Tintos recovered to 46.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April Canadian Pacific, 92;
Northern Pacific preferred, 80%; Union Paclflo
preferred, 81%; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar silver,
steady, 27% d per ounce; money 1%@3 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April FLOUR— Receipts.
14,550 packages; exports, 411. Dull and lower
to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 84,225 bushels; exports.
175,648 bushels. Spot easy. No. 2 red, £2%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern, 85%0. Options
opened steady on better cable news than ex
pected, but subsequently weakened under pre
dictions of - general rains. Closed weak at
%©lo decline. May, 77%@78%c, closed 77% c;
July, 77%if78 7-16 c, closed 77% c; September,
76%®77%c, closed 76% c; December, 78%@78%c,
closed 78% c. ; •_■■
HOPS— State common to choice, 1598
crop, 6® 7c; 1897 crop, ll(&13c; 1898 crop. 16®17c;
Paclflo Coast, 1536 crop, 6@70; 1897 crop, H®l3o;
1898 crop, 17(gl8c.
HIDES— Steady. Galveston, 16%@170; Texas
dry, 12%@18c; California, 18% c.
Domestio fleece, 17@22c; Texas, llffl
14c.
METALS— The Metal Exchange Issued no re
port to-day. Brokers' price for lead Is $4 10
and copper MS 25.
COFFEE Options closed dull, unchanged to
6 points higher. Sales, 5500 bags, including:
May, $4 95; June, $5 05. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet.
No. 7 invoice. 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild
quiet. Cordova, B@l3c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 4 13-1« c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar,
4 11-160. Refined—
BUTTER— Receipts, 4101 packages; dull and
weak. Western creamery, 16® 18c; factory, 13
&14% c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7146 packages; firmer. West
ern, 13%Jj.14c; Southern, 13013% c,
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April California dried
fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7©3c; prim* wire
tray, B%Q9c; choice, 94j9%c; fancy, 9%fi'loc.
PRUNES— 4%®9%C.
APRICOTS- 13%®15c; Moor-park, 14@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, B@l3c; peeled. 25®280.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 22.— COTTON— Steady.
Middling, 6%c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April Wheat opened steady on
better Liverpool cables than expected. There
was a lack of outside trade, however, and prices
soon eased off, the weakness becoming quite
pronounced on predictions of general rains
where badly needed in the South and South
west. Liquidation was heavy and there was a
good deal of short selling. May. started %c
higher at 73%0 and declined steadily to 72% c.
July opened at 74%®74%e and sold off to 73%®
72% cat the close. Private crop damage reports
were less numerous than heretofore. World's
shipment* to Europe for the week were esti
mated at 6,000,000 bushels. Atlantic ports'
Clearance In wheat" and flour equaled $42,000
bushels. :- '•■'•■- •'«•:■•
Corn declined under moderate liquidation, In-
I creased country offerings and heavy receipts.
There was a fair shipping demand. May started
a shade lower at 84%®34%c, sold at 34% c, then
declined to 34c at the close. %c lower.
Sympathy with other grains and free realiz
ing by longs caused a decline In oats. There
was a good demand from the East. May
opened a shade higher at 26% c and declined to
26%e at the close.
Free deliveries of hog» and the weakness of
grains depressed provisions. May pork opened
2%c lower at 9.15 c, closing 5c lower. The range
In lard and ribs was small.
The leading future* ranged a* follow*!
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. »— , _ ,
May 73% 73% 72* 72%
July 74% 74.* 73% 78%
September 78% 74 72% 72%
Corn No. 8—
May 31% 84% 84 84
July 85 85 84% 84%
September 85% 85% 85% 85%
Oats No. 2—
May 20% 2«% 25% 26%
July 26% 26% 24% 24%
September 22% , 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 915 920 9 12% 8 12%
July 9 32% ,'9 37% 980 830
September .....9 50 9 62% 945 845
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May 5 27% 6 27% 6 22%, 6 22%
July 5 37% 540 635 635
September 550 6 62% 545 . 6 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 77% 4 77% 4 72% 475
July 4 9.' 4 92% 4 1.7% 4 87%
September 5 02% 605 500 500
Cash' quotations were as follows: Flour;
steady; winter patents, $3 60@3 70; straits, $3 30
4.3 40; spring specials, $3 35; do patents, $3 30®
3 75; bakers. $2 20@2 50; No. 2 spring wheat,
721573 c: No. 3 spring wheat, £S@6Sftc; No. 2 red,
75%077%c; No. 2 corn, 34. ic; No. 2 oats. 27%«*
27% c; No. 2 white, 30%@31ftc; No. 3 white, 29%
<sT3O%c; No. 2 rye, 57% c; No. 2 barley, 40@47c;
No. 1 flaxseed, Jl 17; NW., $1 21; prime timothy
seed, $2 32%@2 35: mess pork, per barrel. $9 109
9 15; lard, per 100 pounds. $5 22%<g5 25; short
ribs sides (loose),' $4 50@4 90; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), $4 50@4 62%; short clear sides
(boxed), $54.5 10; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles — Jtteceipis. d
Flour, barrels 9,000
Wheat, bushels- 77,000
Corn, bushels :;«• 158,000
Oats, bushels 179.000
Rye, bushels 24,000
Barley, bushels 29,000
snipmenrs.
10,000
292,606
172,000
4.000
12,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy; creams, 13@17c;
dairies, lugiSc. Eggs, steady; fresh, l__ft(g>l2%c.
Cheese, weak; creams. llft@l2fto.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES. * #
» Wheat— May. * July.
Opening 5 7% 5 8%
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— April. May-Aug.
Opening 42 70 43 40
j Closing
Wheat-
Opening 21 10 81 20
Closing _
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April CATTLE— Not enough
ccttle were received to make a market and
price, ruled nominal.
HOGS— There was a reaction ln the price of
hogs, buyers insisting on concessions, and the
average sales showed a decline of about sc.
A few fancy lots were no lower, selling again
at $4 13, but other consignments sold at $3 65®
4 10, the greater part bringing $3 95@4 05.
SHEEP— The great portion of the supply of
sheep were consigned direct to slaughterers,*
and prices quoted are nominal.
Receipts— Cattle, 400; hogs. 17,000; sheep, 1600.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April 22.— Consols, 110%; silver.
27 ; ._; French rentes, 102f 7ftc; wheat cargoes
oft coast, firm, not active; cargoes on passage,
quiet, less disposition to buy; cargoes Walla
Walla. 2.- 7ftd; cargoes Oregon 30s.
LIVERPOOL. April 22.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, firm; flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 1 red Northern, 6s 4%d;
No. 2 red Western winter, 6s %d; No. 1 Cali- j
fornia, no stock. Futures, steady. May, 6s 7%d; |
July, 5s B%d.
CORN— steady. American mixed, new,
Ss sftd; do old, 3s 5%d. Futures, April, nomi
nal; May, quiet, 3s s',d; July quiet, 3s 6ftd.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 7s fid.
HOPS— At London. Paclflc Coast, firm.
£4 15s.
PEAS— Canadian, 5s sd.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, April 22.— There was a strong In
quiry into .the wool market and 3000 bales were
sold. Merinos sold at lO^lS per cent above j
the last sale. Lower grades, while firm ln '
| tone, were not ln much request. The arrivals
I for the series, which will open on June 27,
i number 101, bales, Including 28,000 forwarded
! direct.
New South Wales, 10,921, Queensland, 922; i
Melbourne, 11,193; South Australia, 686; New .
I Zealand, 18,380; Cape of Good Hope and Natal,
i 3800, and elsewhere, 246.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
j NEW YORK, April 22— The Earl Fruit Com
| pany sold California cherries at auction to-
I day as follows: Black Tartarian, $3 12%; Ad
i vance, $2 87% 3 50; Purple Gulgne, .2 37% 2 73.
I
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April Clearings, $168.
--868; balances, 833,323.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 22.— Wheat— Walla
! Walla, file; Valley, CO&Cle; Bluestem, 61@62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April 22.— The week closed j
With wheat steady. Receipts as yet show lit- ;
tio improvement, Club closed at 69c; Blue
[ stem. 62a.
| LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — It
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollar* — 4S<g4S%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— was lower, with rain In
the Southwest, and Indications for rain at Chi
cago. The maximum estimate for the winter
Wheat crop Is now 300,000,000 bushels, a de
ficiency of 25 per cent as compared with last
year.
The local market is weak at a fractional de
cline. . '."•
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@1 10; milling.
Si 12%®1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls. $1 13%.
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 13;
10,000, $1 12%; 4000, $1 13%. May— $1 07%.
Regular Morning — December— 2000
ctls, $113%; 10,000, 13%; 2000, $113%; 20.000,
$113%; 10.000, $113%; 2000, $114. May—
$1 07%: 8000, $1 08; 4000, $1 08%. . . : .
BARLEY— Future* opened lower, but recov
ered. The spot market- was very dull and un
changed.
Feed, $1 02%@1 07%; Brewing, $1 10®1 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
87% c; 2000, 87% c. December— 2ooo, 91% c.
Regular Morning Session— '99, — 4000
ctls BS%c; 2000, SS%c; 4000, 88% c, <
OATS— There has been no life to this market
for ten days. Quotations are unchanged.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 37%® 1 40; common, $1 82%®1 35; Sur
; prise. $1 45®1 50; Gray, $1 32%«1 37%; Milling,
$1 40®1 42% per ctl; Red, $1 30®1 32%; Black,
$1 2645 1 30.
CORN— Dealers quote the ofd prices, with a
dull market. -■'--'-
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low, $1 12%; White. $1 12%; mixed. $1 06%®
1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE — Very quiet at $1 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF3.
FLOUR— California family extra*. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40®3 50; Oregon
! and Washington, $3 40®3 45 per bbl for extra,
' $3 25&3 35 for bakers' and $2 30®2 50 for super
fine. :. ■'■■J>«*' .■'■'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds: Rye Flour, $2 76 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornrneal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornrneal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4® 4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55©6 95; In Backs. $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 60; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds. " - ,
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF 3.
The outside Hay has disappeared from the
market for the first time In a year. Prices are
now so low that it cannot be sent here except
at a loss. The Hay market has steadied some
what during the week, owing to more moderate
receipts, but is still far from firm. Quotations
continue nominal, but the auction will' be re
sumed to-morrow, when. It is expected that
definite prices will be re-established.
BRAN $15 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS $17 50®20 per ton.
i 'STIFFS- Rolled Barley, $23-50®24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 531®31 50; Job
bing, $32®32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24-625; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S®3O per ton; Cornrneal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24®25; Mixed Feed,
$]«''( 16 60. , .•• . - ■•;, •"'■: I
HAY— Wheat, 1184914 for good to choice and
$10212 for lower grades: Wheat and Oat, $10®
13: Oat. $10®12: Barley, $7®o; Alfalfa, 85 60®7.
STRAW— 26@SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
In view of the continued dry weather flown
i south some holders are asking an advance for
! Lima*, but the quotations below represent the
I market. All other descriptions under this head
. j are unchanged. . . *.'.*?; ' .-*»_:;..?--.
I BEANS-Bayos. $1 70®1 76; Small Whites, $2
102 15; Largo Whites, lI .Wg.l.W> PlakjkJlWjf
2 05; Reds, (8 28<g)8 85; Blackeye, »4_f4 10; But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4; Pea, $2 253.2 50;
Red Kidneys, $2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, $2 1502 25: Canary Seed,
2fti»'2%c per lb; Alfalfa, Bft©9ftc: Rape, 2%Q
2%c; Hemp, 2ft«Jßo; Timothy, 6®6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 70412; Green, $2 10®
2 36 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
.Receipts were 1204 boxes Asparagus, 612 boxes
Rhubarb, 853 sacks Peas and 260 sacks new
Potatoes. .y ■■;.' 7---";
There are free supplies of Mexican Tomatoes
on the market and prices have declined. String
Beans -continue in light supply. Asparagus is
firm, though receipts are larger. Peas are
firmer. ;-.■*'.*- * "■'•■■ .'■)'-. /--'.*_
Potatoes and Onions are unchanged.
POTATOES— $1 40©1 60 per ctl for Early Rose.
$1 40@1 65 for River Burbanks: Oregon, $1 16
$1 30 for seed and $1 50g2 for large; New Po
tatoes, lft® 3 per lb. ,
ONIONS— for fair to good and 75@900
per ctl for fancy. '".;.;, ■.
VEGETABLES— 75c(f $1 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 60@1 75 for No. 1 and $1 85#2 for
fancy; Rhubarb. 40@75c per box for the general
run and 90c@$l for fancy; Green Peas. 2@4c;
String Beans, lO^^ftc for green and B@loc for
Golden Wax; Cabbage, $1 40; Tomatoes, $I@l 25
per box, "as is"; Egg Plant, 10@12ftc per lb;
Garlic, 15c per lb: Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried
Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, 20*5 25c; Carrots.
25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 60c@$l
per dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, 50(3*600;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, 10c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME. V
Poultry was nominal, as usual on Saturday.
There will be more Eastern on the market to
morrow.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers
and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 7". .2;
Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $6 50@7 60 for old and
$7 50@» for young; Hens, $5©6 50; young Roost
ers, $7 60®9; old Roosters, $s<g>s 50: Fryers, $6 50
©7; Broilers. $5 ..6 for large. $3©4 50 for small;
Pigeons. $1 50© 1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
©2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— $1; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGG*
Prices for all kinds remained undisturbed.
There was no lack of supplies, and tha demand
was slow.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 16%@17c; seconds.
16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 14@14ftc;
store. ll!&l2c'per lb. "
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10®
lOftc; Cream Cheddar, 12@12ftc; Young Amer
ica, llft@l2ftc; Eastern, 11V..'_.14c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15ft@16c for store and 16ft®
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUIT*
Receipts were 297 boxes Cherries and 867
chests Strawberries.
Receipts of Berries and Cherries were the
largest thus far, but prices were maintained.
There is a wide range in Cherries, according to
color and ripeness. •
_ ' Stocks of Oranges continue rather light, and
the demand ls nothing extra, the' new fruits
being preferred. Fresh supplies of Mexican
Limes are at hand, but the market is firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 25(5j.l 50 for common, $2©2 50 per
box tor No. 1 and $.*S<<}3 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, $6@ll per chest for small and
$.".; 7 for large berries.
Cherries, 75c(g$l 25 for red, 75cffT$l 50 for white
and $1 25©2 per box for black; extra fancy
black sold at $2 60(82 75.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 5063 60
per box; Seedlings, $I@2; Mediterranean Sweets,
$1 51 V-, Lemons, $1 25'ifl 50 ■ for common and
$_!'.._: 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$6@6 50; California Limes, 75c©$l per small box;
Grape Fruit, $1 50©2 50: Bananas, $1 50©2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples,* $2@4 50 per dozen. ,
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISIN*
There is nothing new except that dispatches
from New York say that owing to serious dam
age to the French Prune crop by frost the
French dealers have recalled consignments ta
England, Germany and other Continental coun
tries to till their own demand, and this has
caused European buyers to again turn their
attention to the California article. Prices here
are unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, E@
6ftc for 50-60's, 4®4ftc for 60-70's. 3V'(3^.c for
70-80's, 2%(&*3ftc for 80-90' 2%@2%C for 90- 100'
t and 2@2%c for 100-ljUrs; Peaches. SM>i_9ftc for
| good to choice, 10<&10ftc for fancy and for
i peeled; Apricots, 12ft@15c for Royals and — -
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9®9%c; sun
dried, 6%©7% c; Black Figs, sacks, 3%c; Plums,
nominal, 2c for unpltted and 4ft@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4'».'ii6o for Seedless
Sultanas, 3% for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%'g3c.
NUTS Chestnuts. 7c per Ib; Walnuts, s©Sc
for hardshell. 10®llc for softshell; Almonds,
6@9c for hardshell, 12© 13c for softshell, 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4ft(ssc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10911 c for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7ft@
7ftc; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s©sftc
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISION*
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per lb for heavy,
B%<g9c for light medium. 10ft@llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12ft@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10ft@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14: Family Beef, $15(816 50; extra
prime Pork. $12; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%®5%c per lb for
compound and 7ft(B7%c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 8c: 10-lb tins. Sftc; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%'fi6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-!!. pails. 60 In a case. 9ftc:
3-lb palls. 20 In a case, Sftc; 5-Tb palls, 12 in
a case, Sftc; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
, tins, 1 or 2 in a case. Vftc; wooden buckets, 20
; lbs net, Sftc; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels. about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Wool Is not as active in Eastern markets as
last week, but there ls a fair movement never
theless.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands .ell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9@9ftc; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6ST6ftc; Salted Kip, 9e; Calf,
lOo; dry* Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
18c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15ftc; dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(&'30c each; short
Wool, 35©60 c each; medium, 70©90 c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides salt, $1 75*02 25
for large and $1 for small ; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4 <-y-_v;, c per lb;
No. 2, 3ft@4c; refined, ; grease, '.:c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, 7@9c; year's staple. 6@
Sc; Foothill and Northern free, 10@12c; Foot
hill and Northern defective. S@loc; Nevada,
B@llc.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain 6ftffSc
Southern 4ftiTi7c
Plains 4 ./tic
HOPS— IS9B crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary.
12@12ftc for good and 13©15 c for choice to fancy
from flrst hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The general market ls characterized by firm
ness and there is not a really weak article on
the list. Choice Mutton brings the top quota
tion without difficulty. Beef ls steady and
Hogs rule firm at the recent advance. *>
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers!
BEEF— 7%<BB%c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small. 7%®Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B©h%c; Ewes, 7®7%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, susftc for small, 6%_J!sftc
for medium and 4ft@4%c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4ft@4ftc; dressed Hogs, 6ft@Bo.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE
Calcutta Grain Bags, 6ftc for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; Ban Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8: Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite . Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, sftc; Dry Gran
ulated, 6%c; Confectioners' A, sftc; California
A. 4%c; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%c; Gold
en C, 4ftc; . barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags. %o more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices have again been
advanced as follows: Bundles, 5%c; cases, 6ftc;
cases. Imitation Eastern, 6%c; boneless, 7%c'
strips, BftS%c; blocks,. 7%@Bftc: tablets, B%c;
middles, 8%<??!9%c; desiccated, S7ftc; pickled, in
barrels, $9 50; pickled, half barrels, $5 25.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, April 21.
Flour, qr sks .... 15,2091 Sugar, bbls 100
Barley, ctls 1,260 Lime, bbls . 91
Oats, ctls 50 Wool, bales 374
Corn, East. ctls. 600 Pelts, bdis 602
Cheese, ctls 71 Hides, Na 1,076
Butter, ctls 827 Eggs, doz 20,500
Tallow, ctls 230; Quicksilver, flks. 114
Potatoes,- sks ... 1,210 j Leather, rolls ... 100
Onions, sks 70 Wine, gals 62,550
Bran, sks ....... 1,500 Hay. tons *.. - 441
Middlings, sks .. 395 Straw, tons 8
Sugar, sks 5.895
' TH*; STOCK MARKjST. '■
Local " securities were active yesterday,' and •
Contra Costa Water advanced ■to $68, - Paaufaau '
Plantation to $42 75 and Hutchinson to $33.
Mining stocks stood about the same. The
telegram from the pump said: "Elevator work
ing steadily. Water In the 1750-foot level winze
Is 23 feet below the station."
. The net gold coin proceed* at th* bullion pro-
duced by the Standard Consolidated mine last
month were $31,397 73. The total expenses of
the month were $17,300 79.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
SATURDAY, April 22—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. I -". Bld.Ask.
Bonds— • Cent L & P... — 8
Is quar c0up.. 114 — j Equit G L Co. 7 7%
4s quar reg... — — [Mutual El Co. 15% 16
4s quar new.. 1£9ft129%i Oakland Gas.. 46 —
is quar codp..lCß% — !Pac Gas Imp.. 76% 78
Miscellaneous— \. IPac LCo 45 46%
Cal-st Cab 63.116 — lg FG & E.... 73% 74
Cal Elec L 65.125ft127% San Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 65.... 109% — Stktn Gas 6s. — 13%
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance—
EIi.&P .131 135 Firem's Fund. 2lß 227%
F & Cl Ry 65. 116 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. 92 — Anglo-Cal .... — 67
tl C& S sfts.lo2ft -- Bank of Ca1. .256 --
L A Ry 55.... — 105% Cal S D & T. — 89
LAL Co 101 ft — First Nationl.22o —
Do gntd 65.. 101%— Lon P & A... — 131%
Market-st Cs..l2S ■ 128% Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 6s. — 117% Nev Nat 8k..180 —
N C N G R 7s. 108' — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal .115' -. Ger S & L.. — 1630
N Ry Cal 55.. 113% — Hum S & L.1060 1160
NPC R R 6s. 108 — Mutual Say.. — 41%
NPC R R 55.10.ft105 S F Say U.. 600 —
N Cal R R 55.107 — S& L 50.... — 101
Oak Gas 65.. .109: — Security S B 300 850
Om C Ry 65. .125% — Union T Co. — 1450
P&CI Ry 65.. 108 109 -■ Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 65...— 122% Geary 57% —
Sac El Ry ss. — — 1 Market-st .... 63% 63%
SF& N P 65.H5%116 ' Oak S L&H. — —
SF & S JV6B.ll6ftll7ft [Presidio 12 —
SierraßCal 6s. 107 — . Powder—
S P of Ar 65..111%112% California ....175 187%
S P C 6s (1905)110%111% E Dynamite... 87%100.
SPC 6s (1906) — — Giant Con Co. 67% 68
BPC 6s (1912) — — Vlgorit ........ 2% 2%
BPCIs eg 55.105 — Sugar—
BPBr 6s 123 125 Hana P C 0.... 17 17%
S V Water 85.116ft116% . Haw C &.S C.103 —
S V Water 45. 104% — | Hutch S P Co. 32% 33%
B V W4s(3dm)lo2ftlo2ft Paauhau S P. 42% 43
fc-tktn Gas 65.101%102ft i Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn. .llo% —
Contra Costa.. 63 — Ger Ld Wk5. .250 —
Marin Co 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. lol% — Oceanic S Co.. — 75
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% 1%
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. llo —
Central G Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 110 25
100 Contra Costa Water 67 00
60 Contra Costa Water 67 25
200 Contra CoSta Water .'6B 00
50 Equitable Gas 7 25
20 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
15 Hutchinson S P Co 32 37%
25 Hutchinson S P Co 32 50
25 Hutchinson S P Co 32 75
500 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00
$7000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent b0nd5.. .113 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 42 50
620 Paauhau S P Co 42 75
210 Paauhau S P Co 42 62%
220 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 50
2 Spring Valley Water 102 00
15 Spring Valley Water 101 62%
Street—
84 First National Bank 222 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Paauhau S P Co 41 75
40 Mutual Electric Light 15 87%
80 Hutchinson S P Co 32 25
25 Contra Costa Water 66 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 331 600 Savage 25
100 Best & Belcher 551 100 .<e Belcher.... 03
60 Con Cal & Va.l GO j 800 Union Con .... 47
200 Gould & Curry 311 100 Yellow Jacket. 38
Following were the sales ln the Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes ..* 11 500 Justice 17
200 Belcher 33 300 Ophir 110
200 Best & Belcher 55: 100 Ophir 112 ft
600 Caledonia 26, 300 Overman 12
800 Choliar 2i 200 Overman 11
400 Con Cal & V.l 82% 500 Potosi 22
200 Crown Point... 20 600 Utah 10
600 Hale & Norcrs 241
CLOSING QUOTATION*.
SATURDAY, April 21—12 m.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Alpha Con .... 04 (..'Justice 15 16
Alta o*. lOiKentuck 04 05
Andes 10 11 Lady Wash .... — 01
Belcher 33 31 'Mexican 64 55
Best & Belcher 54 55 Accidental 31 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 25 27 Overman 11 13
Choliar 29 30 Potosi 21 23
Challenge Con. 29 — Savage 24 25
Confidence 72 75 Scorpion 01 03
Con Cal & Va.l 60 165 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 95 96
Crown Point... 18 18 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Exchequer...'.. — 03IStandard 2502 75
Gould & Curry 35 36 Union Con .... 47 48
Hale & Norcrs 23 24 Utah 11 12
Julia ". 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 38 39
MINING STOCK*
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Alpha
Alta
Andes -
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia .-.
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence
Crown Point |
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross.;
Justice
Mexican '
Ophir
Overman j
Occidental '
Name of Stock.
M. I T. W. |
06 06 05
09 10 10
12 12 13
35 34 36
6S 60 57
. 02 ... . 02
31 33 30
80 33 33
32 32 31
1 85 1 80 1 75
77 75 77
19 20 20
40 40 3S
2S 26 25
16 16 16
"67 59 66
1 15 1 15 1 15
12 12 13
34 33 34
24 25 24
25 28 27
2 56 2 50 2 50
1 05 1 06 1 05
48 60 48
| 13 13 13
39 1 39 1 39
IT.I F. S.
04 04 04
10) OS OS
10 1 10 11
33 32 34
54 56 55
02 02 02
28 2S 25
SO] 30 29
30' 29 29
1 65 1 65 1 60
72 71 72
19 18 IS
34 35. 35
24 23' 23
15 17 15
61 55 55
1 10 1 10 1 10
12 11 12
32 32 31
24 24 21
25 24 25
2 50 2 60i2 50
97 96 95
43 47 47
iii 11 li
37 i 3S i 39
Potosi
Savage
Standard
Sierra Nevada....;
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket !
Mora men wear corsets than is gener
ally believed. A certain London corset
maker states that he makes hundreds
every year, and recently had in hand one
pair of pink satin decorated w*..h fleur de
lis, and another of Nile green satin
adorned with lotus flowers, one of these
being for an officer in India.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
April, 1899.
?a.
3
9
Hi
23
81
3
10
4
11
We
6
12
19
34
Th.
6
13
20
Pr.
7
IT
21
28
Sa.
1
8
i&
22 !
29
I
/£>. New Moon.
a New Moon.
Aprl 9.
! _ First Quarter
J? Arrtl 17.
Moon* Phases.
[*3- Last Quarter,
)_&_ April 3.
17
24
17.
27
©
Full Moon ,
April 26.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo I
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. •'." '*. -,-,
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street la hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, Is published
in the morning papers the following day. I;;*
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant. U. R. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE The hlEli and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, APRIL 28. >
Sun rises '. „. 5:22
Sun sets . . ..'.......: 6 :53
Moon sets 8:43 a. m.
D Time Time Time Time
5. Ft. I- Ft. Ft. Ft.
* L W ■ H-W L W H W
23... 3:46 0.8 10:19 4.5 3:30 1.9 9:56 5.6
24 ... 4:21 o\2 11:05 4.6 4:06 2.1 10:24 6.8
25... 6:01 —0.3 11:51 4.6 4:42 2.3 10:55 6.9
26... 8:45— 0.6 12:41 4.6 5:21 2.6 11:31 6.0
27... 6:30—0.8 1:36 4.6 6:08 2.9 ...
H W LW H W L W
28... 0:11 6.1 7:20—0.9 2:31 4.6 6:59 3.0
29 ... 0:66 6.0 8:131-0.8 3:34 4.7 7:59 3.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The I
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
lost tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precede* the height.
and then tha number given ls subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ls the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL,
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce, U. S. N„ Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 22, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS,
*-:._' Lieutenant. U. S. N.. ln charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Coquille Rlver..|Grays Harbor lApl. 23
North Fork (Humboldt Apl. 23
Wyefleld jNanaimo [Apl. 23
Bonita Newport Apl. 21
Crescent City... Crescent City Apl. 24
Empire Coos Bay Apl. 24
Willamette .... Seattle lApl. 21
Luella iTillamook Apl. 24
B. Hernster.... ICoquille River Apl. 21
Fulton (Portland Apl. 24
Weeott ...[Yaqulna Bay Apl. 23
Alliance IPortland |Apl. 25
State of Cal [Portland Apl. 25
Australia [Honolulu Apl. 23
Washtenaw ITacoma |Apl. 23
Santa Rosa (San Diego [Apl. 26
Samoa »..|Humboldt |Apl. 26
Umatilla [Victoria & Puget Sound I A pi. 27
Wellington (Departure Bay Apl. 27
Curacao 'Mexico Apl. 27
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 27
Point Arena Point Arena. Apl. 27
Coos Bay (Newport - Apl. 23
America Maru..|Chlna and Japan Apl. 28
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay Apl. 28
Columbia Portland 'An. 30
Corona 'San Diego [Apl. 30
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Columbia ..'Portland Apl. 23, 10 amlPier 24
Corona San Diego Apl. 24, 11 amlPier 11
Pomona Humboldt |Apl. 24, 2 pmlPler 9
Bonita 'Newport Apl. 26. 9 ami Pier 11
Walla WallVlc & Pgt Sd.lApl. 26. 1* amPler 9
Aloha !Polnt Arena. JApl. 26. 3 pmlPler 3
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Apl. 27. 10 amlPier 20
State 'Portland Apl. 28, 10 amlPier 24
Santa RosalSan Diego [Apl. 28, 11 amlPier 11
Peru 'Panama Apl. 28, 12 m'PMSS
Coptic Japan Apl. 28. 1 pmIPMSS
Pt. Arena. .lPolnt Arena.. I Apl. 29, 3 pmjPier 2
Coos Bay... Newport Apl. 30, 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla |Vlc & Pgt Sd. May 1. 10 am|Pier 9
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 23.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 61% hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 65 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Stmr George Loomis, Brldgett, 39 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, IS hours from Usal.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Albion. Ericsson, 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 96 hours from Seattle.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 87 hours from De
parture Bay.
Schr Western Home, Nielson, 4 days from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED. "
Saturday. April 22.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nay Co.
Stmr Brunswick, Andrepen, Mary Island, via
New Whatcom; Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Br ship Bidston Hill, Jenkins, Manila; U S
Government.
Br ship Lancing, Chapman, Nanaimo; Callo
way & Hatfield.
Bark Electra. Peterson, Alltka; Alaska Pack
ers' Association.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Bark B P Cheney, Johnson, Bristol Bay;
Naknek Packing Co.
Schr James H Bruce, Peterson, Nlcolaefski;
Macondray & Co. ■
Schr Vine, Small, Nlcolaefski; Otis, McAl
lister & Co.
Schr W S Phelps, Nlckerson, Champerico;
Wm Johnson.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 22.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, Taeoma.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, Point Conception.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Unga.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, Eureka.
Ship Occidental. Brandt, Eureka,
Bark Prussia. Jensen. Puget Sound.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew. Honolulu.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilsin. Honolulu.
Bktn Mary Winkelman, Benneche, Eureka.
CHARTERS.
The Agate loads coal at Nanaimo, for St
Michael.
SPOKEN.
March 21, lat 10 S, long 31 W— Br ship Ben
Dearg, from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed in April 23— Stmr Mine
ola, from Port Los Angeles, for Nanaimo.
TRINIDAD— April 22— Stmr Em
pire, hence April IS, for Coos Bay.
"GRAYS HARBOR— April Schr
Una, from Ecuador.
EUREKA— SaiIed April Stmr North" Fork,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 22— Bktn Ska
git, for Honolulu.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared April 21— Bark
Pactolus, for San Diego.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FREMANTLE— SaiIed April 22— Bark General
Falrchlld, for Newcastle and San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived April 22— Br stmr
Doric, hence April 4.
COLON— Sailed April 20— Stmr Allianca, for
New York.
NAVIDAD— April Schr Gen Ban
nion, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN, per stmr Curacao — Arrived Apr
14, 7 a m — H B M Imperieuse, and sailed at 7
p m for coastwise ports on her way to Eng
land; schr San Buenaventura, hence March 31;
schr Baranoff. hence March 30.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived April 12— ship
Jordanhill, from Hamburg, to sail about May 5:
Br ship Pass of Melford, for Valparaiso; Fr
stmr Admiral Aube, from Cardiff, via Havre,
Buenos Ayres, Punta Arenas and Coronel, IS
days from last port, to sail on April 2 for Eu
rope, via Coronel, Punta Arenas and Buenos
Ayres.
Sailed April 6— Br ship Poltalloch, for Toco
plllo; Br ship Port Caledonia, for Taltal. April
Nor ship Skjold, for ■ . April 13— Schr
Norma, for Carmen Island, to load for Arna
pala.
CARMEN ISLAND— Arrived April 15— Schr
Norma, from Santa Rosalia.
GUAYMAS— April 17— Stmr Curacao,
sails April IS at 6 p m.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 22— Br ship
Gifford, for Cardiff. S
HAMBURG— SaIIed-Aprll 21— Br ship Benicia,
for San Diego.
FALMOUTH— April 22— Br bark Bees
wing, for Westnort.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
limited
Santa Te Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1:30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
S&i FRANCISCO TICKETIfHCE— IB MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 15JI.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— Bol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
BUY A FARM FOR SILVER
AND SELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
GOLD.
TOU CAN DO IT IN _ :
mExico,
RAISING COFFEE. ORANGES. BANANAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
Reaches all the Important point* In the Re-
public.
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office.
Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
ter, including "Facts and Figures About Mex-
ico," mailed free. _,,„,-,
C. E. MINER.
General Western Agent, room 208 Houser build-
ing, St. Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCH. ,r,
Asst. Gen'l Pass. AgV City of Mexico.
MOUNT TAMALPAI6 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 28, 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. .
Extra trip on' Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:13 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m,
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. in. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40,
k THOS. COOK ft SON, Aft*., 621. Market at.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
•«i*ti'|'.k\ PACIFIC COIirAIIT.
■•ym.y. (PACIFIC MVHTEH.)
Trains leave "■>«' "■'" **"* *° t»rrl»» •(
NAM VHAtiVlHitn.
» (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
__________ — —^i
lbatb — Fbom Apkil 9, 1899. — Bam 1
•O-OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •".:43a
7:0Oa. Benicia, Suisun sad Sacramento.... St43r
"-OOa M;irysville, OroTllleand Redding via
Woodland .•••••<-y" 2*25*
7:00 a Elmira, Vacaville and Bumsey...... 8:43r
7:»0 a Martinez. San K.imon.Vailejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa R05a......... 6il3p
8:00 a Atlantic Kxprecs. Ogden and East.. 8:43»
H_:lOa dose. Livermore, .Stockton,
lone Sacramento, aoerviUe,
Marysville, Chico, Red llliiff *Jil»p
8:30 a •Milton, Oakdale and 50n0ra....... «il»p
OiOOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno I*ll3*
' BiOOa Fresno, Hakerelleld. Santa "arliara.
Los Angeles. Demmg, Ll Paso.
New Orleans and Ea5t. ........... e.4Bp
1 0:00 a Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i43»
12:00 m Niks, Livermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanford. Visalla,
Pcrterville .• !*»■■»
•I:OOr Sacramento River Steamers. ........ OiOOf
4iOOr Martinez, Han Ramon, Vailejo,
Napa Calistoga. Santa R05a...... ■!»■»
4ioor Benicia. Vacaville. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville -I"*
4i3or Niles, San Jose and Stockton ' «■»»
4:80p Yosemlto Sleeping Car for Raymond I»UO»
The Owl. Fresno, Bakerstield, San-
ta Barbara,* Los Ange1e5. ......... »»«»A
Paciflo Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East «*•»*
S : 80 Stockton, Meroed. Fresno l»tlOF
BtSOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and I.os Angles ■i«»A
B:80p Santa l*e Route, Atlantic Kipress
for Mojave and Fast 5.2*
6:00r Kiiropeaii Mail, Ogden and Fast.... v *2 k
8.-OOP Haywards, Niles and San Jose » I'fr* 4
•OiOOp Vallejo 18ilB»
?iOOp Oregon Kxpress, Sarrainento, Marys-
ville. Redding, Portland, Puget
Hound and Fast 7:48*
{StOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions : ti«i3»_*
tl 0:0.1 Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East t_t4Bl>
SAX LEANDRO AMI HAYWARDS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.)
1 Melrose, Seminary Park, ( 8:43 a
1 R:OOa 1 ilcliliurt,', KlniliurNt. tl*!*:IBA
<!):00a San l.eiiiulro. South Saa i*o:4Ra
lO.OOa . Leamlro, Katndillo. IO:4»a
O4:00a ■ Lorenzo, Cherry - li**- 1
«*««* and lastße
%'?M P H«yn.ird*4. gj***
7:OOP « Runs Ulroll({h to Nllet 7J43J
) t From Niles. v.
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow Kauge). ~
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7:43 a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JStOBF
Newark. Ceiitervi:!.-., San. Jose,
BoulderCreek.SantaOruzandWay
Stations 8«50»
•S:4Bp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »JOi»»A
4:I8p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions » sao
64:13p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta- „^
tioiig /9:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN F&AHCISCO — of Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. J1:00 •2:00 t3:00
•1:00 |B:00 •6:00 p.m.
From OHUHD— Foot 0. Bro»dw»j.— *8:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
t!2:00 '1:00 t2:03 •3:00 t*l:00 "8:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
6: 10a South San Francisco •6:88»
•7:OOa Han Jose and Way Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) 1«»0»
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations tBi39l>
BiOOa San Jose, 'Ires Pluos. Santa Cruz,
PaciHc drove, Paso Rubles, Sau
l.vis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4«18p
IO:40a San .lose and Way Stations «Biooa ,
1I:30a San Jose and Way Stations B:80l*-^
*2:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Sau .lose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Mouterey and Pacific
Grove •I«:8«a
•8:SOp San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa
•*:l3r San Jnseaud Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:30 a
B:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations "8:33 a
«::»«!■ San Jose and Way Stations 7:3«p
Ml:!3r San Jose and Way Stations 7i3op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Suudavs excepted, t Sunday only. * Saturdays only.
•^Mondays only. fcSaturdav and Sunday.
Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN* FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, >:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:38,
2:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:j3
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. i»; 1:50, 3:30 l
6:00, 6:20 p. m. 7"
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 6:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40. 5:05,'
6:25 p. m. ■ t
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parli
came schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San, Francisco.
1 April 18, _,
Week Sun- ls»9. Sun- Week '
Days. days. Destination. days. • Days. |
7; 30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an»
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:05 pm 10:25 a.i»
,5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa liosa. j 7:35 pmj 6:20 pn»
Fulton, .
7JO am  Windsor, 10:25 an)
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pnj
7:30 am j Hopland and 10*25 ara
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. | 7:35 pm | 6:20 pn»
7:30 amf j 10:25 ami
I 8:00 am Quernevtlla. 7:35 pm;
8:30 t>m[ _ . 6:20 pnl
7:30 ami 8:00 am ! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a™
j and ! "
-5:10 pm| 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pmj 6:20 pn»
7:30 am' 8:00 am Sebastopol. ; (10:40 am 10:25 ani
3:30 pm, 5:00 pm| 1 7:85 pm o*_.o pru
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We.
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop«
lard for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,'
Booneville. Philo, Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal. Wlllitts, Laytonville. Cumi
mlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets a*
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Tloket Offices. 660 Market st., Chronicle bld«,
H. C. WHIT! R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. AgenU
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1599.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET .
AND SAN RAFAEL. g£
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, »9:30, U:00 a. m.^
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:00, •10:00. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, »2:30, »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to S'n Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:40, 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00, •9:45, •10:45, »n:«
a. mv, 1:00, 2:20, *3:30, *o:lZ>, *6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55, 8:55," 10:35
a. ni.: 12:35. 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 11:05.
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:3. . 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and wav sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- I Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am! 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm .4:13 pm
10:40 am! 6:35 pm Fresno -9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:26 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11 :00 ara
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm -
12:15 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:06 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
inquire at Traffio Manager's Office, 821 Market
1 xtrest. Baa Francisco..BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
ica— should have ever been able to
get Into the castle, for before this day no man had ever escaped from
the deadly sleep of the Poppies of the Land of Silence. Al Araaf
guessed rightly that but for Prince I-Don't-Care the giants would
never have been able to cross the fields where the popples were
growing.
"There is your enemy, Abraminidin, said the magician in a loud
voice, pointing to Prince [-Don't-Care.
The two giants stared at Price I-Don't-Care and then laughed
heartily, because the Prince now looked so small to them that they
were amused at the idea that they ought to fear him.
This made Prince I-Dori't-Care angry, for he did not like to be
laughed at. "Come on; both of you at a time," he said fiercely to the
two giants, holding his sword as if he would attack them.
Ha, ha, ha! Ha. ha, ha!" laughed Abraminidin.
"Ho, ho, ho! Ho, ho, ho, ho!" responded Hardflst.
"Such a funny little man," said Abraminidin, "and to think that
I went away to get out of his way!"
"Funniest thing I ever heard of," said Hardflst, when he had
so far stopped laughing that he was able to talk.
"Cowards!" shouted Prince I-Don't-Care. "If you will not fight,
I will first fight this wicked old man."
Before either of the giants could stop him Prince I-Don't-Care,
with one swift stroke, cut off the head of Al Araaf, and the magician
fell dead upon the floor. At that all the mice servants and courtiers
scampered off as fast as they could go.
. "Hasten." they said to the lions and the tigers and the wolves
r~ md to all other wild beasts of the fields and of the jungles, "the ma
gician. Al Araaf, is dead, and the Prince I-Don't-Care, who is might
ier, will be here goon. Flee!"
Hut the wild beasts had better sense than the timid mice.
"It is good news that you bring us," said they. "We will be bet
ter off now that there is no magician to turn us into other forms
that he may force us to be his servants. Ho, brother mice, wait and
you will see that a better time has come for us."
There was such a noise just then within the castle that the mice
which, like all other mice, had much curiosity— stopped to listen.
Swords were .ashing against swords, and as the animals looked up at
the castle windows to find out what it all meant they saw the two
giants running about and slashing wildly with their swords at little
Prince I-Don't-Care. Then the doors were slammed together with a
loud noise. Then ail was still.
"The giants have killed the Prince." said the watching mice to
the other animals. So they all thought; but, as they watched, the
little man, taking a desperate chance for his life, leaped boldly out
of an open window at the very top of the castle. The ugly heads of
the two giants were poked out of the same window to watch the
Prince, who had managed to give the giants a fine, lesson in this way.
Hardly had the head of the magician rolled upon the castle floor
before the two giants were trying to make a prisoner of the Prince.
Strong as they were, the giants were not as quick as Prince I-Don't-
Care. This the Prince saw after he had dodged the swords of the
JUST a boy with winning ways
And ruddy face that speaks sunny
days.
Tow&er trotting by his side
Boon companion, friend long tried.
In many v jaunt in rield and wood,
Where every sport is understood,
Where nature's fairies weave a charm
To bless their days upon the farm
And add enchantment to the song
Of bird and bee the whole day long.
A wonder world spread wide to view
Just for the things a boy can do.
The fodder stacked for winter feed
Is witness to his valiant deed.
A covert for some beast of prey
That skulks at night and hides by day,
Doomed his hickory staff to meet.
Compelled to fight or else retreat.
Peetreating. Towser bars tho way
And holds the wily beast at bay,
Or else a battle fierce is on
And Towser. of dogs a paragon.
Essays to annihilate the foe.
Be it wolf or fox or timid doe.
If larger game, sets up a wail
And rums for home with hanging tail.
Now a coon a-foragfng bent,
Surprised at work In his fodder tent.
Creets old Towser .... side-head scratch
And proves himself the good dog's match.
Tho hickory staff then comes from cover
And though just begun the light is over.
And Towser. barking, " 'twere well done,"
Struts idly, vain of the triumph won.
JUST about half of our puzzle
solvers last week guessed that
puzzle No. 1, in the mountain
series, was "glass mountain."
About one large baker's dozen
were sure that it was "Lookout Moun
tain." But there were enough to guess
even the hard No. 1 and all the others
to make up quite a long roll of honor,
which is published this morning, that
the bright ones may have due credit
The r|urT)ble Little Violet and the Haughty Lilac.
I AM more beautiful than you," said
the Lilac to the Rose In the front
yard.
"Perhaps you are," said the Rose.
"I know I am," said the Lilac.
"I think that shy little Violet is pret
tier than you," said the Rose.
V "Humph, she's too shy to say yea or
i." said the Lilac.
• "I don't think so." said the Rose.
"Oh, she's crying!" said the Lilac in
surprise.
"Poor little thing," said the Rose, as
she leaned over and kissed the Violet.
OW the time had come to show
whether the magician, Al Ar
aaf, hr\d guessed the secret of
that dream in which he had
found that he was to cause the
death of the giants and that he
was to rule in the land forever,
holding it as his own. You
know that the magician, when
he caused the poppies to grow.
thought that thereby he would
keep Abraminidin, the giant,
who was the rightful owner of
the castle of Al Kabo, from
coming back to his home. But
his plan had failed in this, for
after the sword of light had
swept a path clear of the pop
pies, so that Prince I-Don't-
Care and Bloodfillikin were
able to make their way safely
to the castle, Abraminidin and
his brother, the giant Hardfist,
had no trouble in passing over
the same path and here they
were. Al Araaf was surprised
when he saw the giants, but he
wondered more that the Prince
JUST A BOY.
Into the forest now they glide,
Dog and master, side by side.
Boy with dreams of great adventure
Hunts for dragons. None can censure!
Just to save from harm the masses.
And Towser rides, for winged Pegasus.
Awhile they turn at Pirine Springs.
Then Pegasus spreads his golden wings
High In the dizzy air they soar
O'er Helicon's Mount to foreign shore.
This Bellerophon tells his desire
To fight the dragon of fire.
No monster coming to view.
He charges poor old brindle Sue.
Sit" heedeth not his sword of brass.
But all serene still crops the grass.
Now In the depth of dark ravine
A Skulking Indian form is seen.
The valiant bey. with half-cocked gun.
Here sees another vic'try won.
Put Towser, having lost his wings,
Full boldly at the savage springs.
With awful screech a ghostly fowl.
With visage grim and tufted cowl,
Defiance looks, then wins the day
By flying silently away.
There next a giant looms afar.
His helmet bright as a shining star.
"Fame shall know me!" exclaims the boy,
His young heart beating hard with joy,
As with drawn sword he goes to me( I
A hero's death or brave defeat.
lint nearer drawn the giant shrinks
To subtle form of crafty minks
and encouragement. There are some
pretty hard puzzles this morning, all
about California towns and cities. See
how many you can guess. The correct
answers to the puzzles published last
Sunday are as follows: Twin Peaks
(peeks), Howell (Napa County), Hamil
ton, Whitney. Coast Range, Siskiyou
(Siss-key-ewe). Here are some of the
names of some of our young friends
who sent In lists of answers which
"I should think you would be ashamed
of yourself, Rose," said the vain Lilac.
"Why?" said the Rose.  .' i\
"Because—" The Lilac got no fur
ther.
Just then a little boy and girl came
skipping along. They stopped before
the Rose and said: "What a lovely
rose!" and going over to the Violet said,
"What a beautiful violet!" and without
taking any notice of the Lilac went
away. The Lilac's pride was so hurt
she only lived a few hours and then
died.
GEORGE W. SIMONTON, Vallejo. ;
THE SAN FKAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APKIL 23, 1899.
giants narrowly half a dozen times. A bold plan came to him, which
was to run in between the two giants when they were swinging
their swords, and take the risk of being cut In two by them, the
Prince thinking that the chance was better for the giants to cut one
another than for them to touch him, their bodies being so much
larger targets for the sword play.
This bold plan worked very well once. As he went in between
the two giants both struck at him with great force. Their great
swords met in air and clashed, making the noise that had been heard
by the listening and watching animals. Both swords were raised
and fell several times. Prince I-Don't-Care played his dangerous
game with the greatest coolness and lack of fear. Down fell the
swords yielded by the giants for the tenth time. So far the Prince
had escaped all harm, and the giants were crazed with rage, so that
they forgot to be careful with their swords.
"Oh. oh!" shouted Abraminidin, "be more careful, Hardflst."
Hardfist's sword had struck him and cut his left hand off.
"Be careful yourself!" shouted Hardflst in response/ "See what
you have done." No wonder he spoke — Abraminidin's sword had
slashed into the right hand of Hardflst.
At this rate it was plain that the giants would kill each other,
and so save Prince I-Don't-Care the trouble.
"Run and slam the doors!" shouted Hardflst.
Abraminidin did as he was told. Then It was that there was a
moment of silence, for the Prince hid under the giants' huge bed.
Then Prince I-Don't-Care leaped from the open window at the top
of the lofty castle and spun dizzily through the air toward the dis
tant ground.
Think of leaping from the window of a castle that was higher
from the ground than any church spire in the world! Think of being
whirled over and over a hundred times in air, like a pin-wheel,
while falling down to almost sure death upon the stone floor of the
castle court-yard.
"Forward!" said the Lion, the King of the Beasts.
Like a flash of light the wild beasts leaped to be the first to
seize Prince I-Don't-Care for their prey. Now they are crowded to
gether, pushing, growling, snarling. Now — one breathless second
more— Prince I-Don't-Care, falling to almost sure death, is saved
by striking upon the thick, soft and furry coat of the lion. Not an
Instant did the Prince lose. He had not been saved from death by
falling to be eaten by wild beasts if he could help it.
About the lion and the Prince rage the beasts. The Prince throws
his arms around the lion's neck and goads the lion's sides fiercely with
his spurs. They are off with the speed of the wind, the Prince riding
the lion and goading him on. The other beasts are following closely.
"He is mine!" growls the bear.
"Mine, too!" grumbles the tiger.
"Mine only!" answers the lion, as he runs swiftly.
There is a dark cave into which the lion goes. All the wild beasts
also go In. The lion will not dine on the Prince, for the King of
Beasts is not the equal of the beasts altogether, and they are all
hungry.
"Well, growls the lion, sitting on his haunches and glaring at
the other beasts in the darkness, "let the Prince decide which of us
shall have the honor of eating him."
"Why, as to that," answered the Prince, "why — don't care."
Thereupon, finding that they must settle the matter for them
selves, the beasts fell to fighting. Every one got In the way of every
Which quickly slide from swaying limb
That took the form of giant grim.
And now upon the raging main
A rakish, long, black craft is seen.
Boy fits his field-glass to his eye,
The nature of the ship to spy.
"It Is a pirate ship." quoth he.
"Come, comrades, up, arid put to sea!
No more she'll ply her murderous trade,
For she our prize shall soon be made."
Then he a signal whistle blew
And summoned Towser for his crew-
And though all sails the pirates spread
And fast. before the wind they fled,
The bold pursuers' rain of lead
Soon laid the crew of pirates dead.
And yet, with treasures well supplied,
Still is the boy dissatisfied.
With conqueror's ardor further seeks
Till doeskin belt with trophy reeks.
There Indian scalps of murdocß leaves
And brands of war from pirate thieves
Each other crowd in vast array,
Telling of tories won that day.
It matters not that they are wood;
They serve the use of sweet" boyhood.
youth's halo now is shining bright.
And lights his pathway home at night.
Where all forget the bloody dead.
Hi seeks his lonely trundle-bed;
But ere retiring feels the bliss
Of father's blessing, mother's kiss.
Then softly on the mystic stream
The boy glides to the land of dream.
came within one of being In the Roll
of Honor:
William Judson, 1129 Steiner street, San
Francisco; Alvlna Get*. 1615 Baker street,
San Francisco; Edith Searle, 2615 Alameda
avenue, Alameda: Hat tie McPhun, 1900
Turk street, San Francisco; Bessie Searle,
2115 Alameda avenue, Alameda; Alice Hop
klnson, 310 Montcalm street, San Francis
co; Roscoe E. Day, 1012 Devisadero street,
San Francisco; Irene Cyrus, 1326 Valencia
street. San Francisco; Charlie Center,
Sacramento; Jennie V. Thompson, Los
Angeles; Allda R. Brown. Portland, Or.;
Emma L. Dulfer, 311 Noe street, San
Francisco; Daffodil Davenport, San Fran
clsoo; May Rellly. 225 Pierce street, San
Francisco; Frank Lorbee. Berkeley; Lav
rette Knupert, 2506 Bryant street, San
Francisco; Hazel Pow, 52 Hardy street,
San Francisco; Charles Levinsen. San
Francisco; Claire McClure, 204 Wallace
street, San Francisco; Paul Turner, Santa
Rosa; Hazel Montgomery, 1219 Golden
Gate avenue. San Francisco; Opal Rus
sell, Watsonville, Cal.; Lottie Golden, 1158
Golden Gate avenue.
One of our young friends makes com
plaint that while she guessed all the
puzzles correctly and sent in the cor
rect answers she was not placed
upon the Roll of Honor last week. That
is true. The trouble was that her an
THE CASTLE
OF
AL KABO.
swers came in too late. In cases of
that sort the credit and place upon the
Roll of Honor cannot be awarded until
the succeeding week. Our young friend
will see that she has the credit due to
her Ingenuity and perseverance in the
Roll of Honor this morning. Others
may make the same complaint. The
answer applies to 'all whose answers
come In too late. No one will be neg
lected or forgotten. Not one letter goes
unread. The more letters the better.
We are glad to hear from you—
and all.
ROLL OF HONOR.
MAURICE HARRI
SON. 3331 Clay street,
San Francisco; Charles
Claudius, Oakland; Ira
B. Hodgkins, 3103 Clay
street, San Francisco; Jennie
Edwards, Gilroy; Grace Lloyd,
2507 Sutter street, San Fran
cisco; E. Gladys Coffin, Dutch
Flat, Cal.; Frank Furey. 1011 A
Minna street, San Francisco;
Cecil Heans, Berkeley; Kate
Leslie Horr, 1371 Vallejo street,
San Francisco; Edna Ralph,
Alvarado; Grade L. French,
1 128 Bryant street, San Fran
cisco; Hazel Allen, Lincoln,
Cal.; Milton S. Silverstone. 121
Lvon street, San Francisco;
Robert H. Clark, 1718, Myrtle
street, Oakland; Carrie Keane,
2132 Stockton street, San
Francisco; Kenneth Rogers,
1824 Bucna Vista avenue, Ala
meda; Edith Rawsen, 30 Wolfe
street, San Francisco; Elsa
Stark, 2122 Geary street, San
Francisco; Annie McDonald.
1716 Alabama street, San
Francisco; Emma A. Hailer.
28 Wolfe street, San Fran
cisco; Irene Kirch, 2517 Mis
sion street, San Francisco;
Martha Halm, 711 Shotwcll
street, San Francisco; Emily
Houston, 52 Silver street, San
Francisco; Hazel Fullalove,
2422 Post street, San Francisco;
Herbert Merrill, 405 East
Eleventh street, East Oakland;
Emile Louis, 113 Valley street,
San Francisco.
1 0 ; CM 0♦»••0 ♦0 ♦ 0 ♦$♦$♦$♦$4
Dear Editor: I never have written you
a letter, and I hope to see this in next
Sunday's Call. I always like to look at
The Call and think It terrible if I do not
have time to look at it every morning be
fore I go to school. I like the Children's
page the best of all and think it lots of
fun to guess the puzzles. My yellow
mamma kitty has four yellow baby kit
ties and 1 wish all the boys and girls
could see them. I send you the answers
to the puzzles and hope they are right. I
am 9 years old and go to the Agasslz
School. Your little friend,
IRENE CYRUS. .
San Francisco, April 16.
Dear Editor: Our parents take The Call
and we enjoy reading the children's pagb
very much. We have never seen any let
ters from Black Diamond, so we thought
we would write and let you know what
our town Is like. We have a large sal
mon cannery and two wharves, where the
Stockton and Sacramento boats land. f Wo
are both In the eighth grade, and our
teacher's name is Miss Ella Cunningham
Stiles. Our pastor's name is Rev. Fred
erick H. Whales. We send the answer to
the puzzles. Hoping we will soon see this
In The Call, we are respectfully, *
ISSENON WILLIAMS,
JENNIE ABRAMS.
Black Diamond, Cal.Wc. . .
other. Prince I-Don't-Care laughed gleefully. He was fond of dan
ger, and liked to have unusual adventures. His sword was once
more in his stout right hand. While -the lion and the tiger were
fighting a bear blocked the door of the cave to keep the Prince in
the cave. "For," thought the bear, "I am strong enough to conquer
any animal except the lion and the tiger, and the Prince will be mine
when the big animals kill each other. The lion and the tiger fought
on. "Come," said the Prince to the bear, "let us see who shall tend
the door."
"Agreed," answered the bear.
The lion and the tiger were too busy to notice the bear. The other
smaller animals were afraid to take part as against the bear. The
truth was that the bear thought that he would have no trouble to
conquer the Prince.
It was now the sword of the Prince against the claws and the
teeth of the bear. The Prince made one mistake, and the bear struck
his sword and threw It outside of the cave, through the doorway. The
boar was full of joy; he would also have been full of the Prince but
for the sword of light, which was suddenly waved above the bear's
head. Blindness fell upon all the beasts for an instant. The Prince*
was quick to see his chance to escape. Quick! He is out through
the doorway. He has dug the dirt out from under a great, rolling
stone with the point of his sword. The stone rolls up against the door
of the cave and the beasts are all prisoners. They cannot move the
"Now," said Prince I-Don't-Care, while yet the howls of the
beasts In' the cave rung out In a horrible chorus, "I must attend to
the two giants. I have had very good luck twice to-day, having been
saved when I fell and the beasts did not eat me— what next?
Well. I don't care."
Give the Names of Tfyese California Towns and Cities If You Can.
TOM, KATIE
AND ROSiE.
GIRLS are no good," said Jack
to his cousin Tom. "they always
cry if one has any fun. "Silly,
soft things; that's what they
are," said Tom, "and so stuck
up. too!"
"Let's play at being girls,"
"That wouldn't be any fun," answer-
Ed Jack scornfully. "Why, girls can't
play marbles." ,". > '"": "*' "
"Do you hear those silly boys?"
asked Kate of Rosie. "Just because
we don't like to be rough, they think
we are silly. Well/ never mind; we
don't want them. Shall we go Into the
meadow, where the hay has been car
ried, and each make a garden? I
would plant roses in mine.".
"I must get my roses out of my
mother's rosebeds," said Kate. "I
should like to see them all red."
When the two -iants had seen Prince I-Don't-Care carried oft
by the lion, with all the wild beasts folio' ing, they thought that
they had known the last of their enemy, and so they fixed up their
hurts the best they know how, and went up in one of the towers of
the castle to look out. They saw after a time a very large dog wait
ing outside of the gate, and beside the large dog was a very small
one. \
"A very fine dog." said Abraminidin.
"It would make a good watch-dog," answered Hardfist. "I will
call him in."
Even as they spoke the large dog came in and lay down under
a tree, and the smaller dog also entered the court-yard and lay be
side the large dog.
The two giants went to see the animals. They were much pleased,
and led them to a kennel and then fastened the outer gate of the
Or\ fill f*
"We are here again, Bloodfillikin," said a voice in the smaller
dog's skin, when the giants had gone away.
"Yes," answered Bloodfillikin, "it was lucky that you killed that
wolf on the way from the cave. The two giants think that you are
a dog now that you are in the wolf's hide, my dear Prince."
Now when it was night the two giants shut all the dors of the
castle and bolted them, shutting the Prince and Bloodfillikin out.
They also had shut out the mouse servants and courtiers of Al
Araaf, who were now without a master. While the giants snored
and the prince and Bloodfilikin were trying to find out a way to get
into the castle, a mouse, dressed in a robe of red, came to the Prince
to offer to do him a service. He said that he and his companions
could open the doors of the castle by drawing back the bolts with
their teeth. What would the Prince give them in return?
"There is a mill in the Valley of Oko," said the Prince, "that is
full from foundation to eaves with sacks of the finest grain that ever
has been seen. That mill belongs to the castle of Gorbozo, and the
castle is mine. If you will open the castle doors now you shall have
the mill for your own and the miller shall always grind the finest
corn meal and the finest flour for you; and the miller's pretty daugh
ter shall never try to kill you with her ready broom, but shall be your
friend forever; and every Christmas day you shall feast with me
sitting at my table as honored guests and having whole cheeses to
eat and everything that is nice, and I will marry the miller's pretty
daughter, and she will make nice plum pudding for you."
At this the mouse laughed. "How do you know that the miller's
pretty daughter will marry you?"
Anyway, the bargain was made between the mouse and Prince
I-Don't-Care. Then the mice went inside of the castle, creeping
into the great hallway through a hole they had gnawed through the
floor. They pulled back all the bolts of the doors without making
a noise. The doors were opened then by Prince I-Don't-Care from
the outside. Enter then the Prince, sword in hand; also enter Blood
fillikin, while still the two giants were sleeping.
D. H. W.
(To be continued.)
The boys had stopped talking about
marbles and were walking behind the
girls quietly. Suddenly Jack said: "I
shall plant mine full of red poppies."
"You go and play by yourselves."
said Kate quite angrily; "you said that
girls are no good."
"More they are, only to make be
lieve," said Jack. "Fancy pretending
to have a garden and planting, other
people's flowers in it. Just like girls."
"Children, children, don't quarrel;"
their mother called out from a window. .
"Come home and see little Nell, who is
sick, and has nothing to play with ex
cept an old doll."
So the gardens did not get planted
that day after all.
ELLA DOWD, West Berkeley.
r-»
Dear Editor: Every Sunday morning
we have groat pleasure in. reading the
stories and looking at the Bumpkins In
the Boys' and Girls' page. This Is my
first letter and I would be very delighted
to see it published. We have taken The
Call for a long time. I like the Sunday
Call the best, as 1 like the Boys' and
Girls' page. -I tried very hard in the puz
zles, but could not get them all. This
time I think I have them all. I am 11
years, old and am in the sixth grade.
Your little reader,
AMANDA HERMANN,
1139 ShotwelL street, San Francisco.
Dear Editor: I like The Call the best of
any paper. I can hardly wait for Sunday
to come to get the Boys' and Girls' page.
I am 11 years of age. I have a pet dog
whose name is Gyp. We have three ring
doves. We have twelve little chickens,
just as cute as they can be. I am In the
sixth grade and mv teacher's name is
Miss M. L. Dunn. Yours truly,
'\-X LA "RETT KA I 'PERT.
2506 Bryant street, San Francisco.
Pleasing communications have been
received from Beatrice Bailey, Rock
vllle, Cal.; Edward Halverson, San Fran
cisco; May Adams, Oakland, Cal., and
Florence Leigh, 2962 Folsom street, San
Francisco. '•',;;.
HARRY WAS
IN TROUBLE,
ONE day Harry came running into
the house, crying as hard as he
could. Mrs. West ran to see
what was the matter. She saw
at once that his face and hands
were very muddy. This is the story
that Harry told:
"Mamma, I was going to feed the
pigs. I could not reach over the gate,
and so I opened it. The pigs ran out,
and now they are eating your cabbages.
Will you help me to put them in their
pens?"
Harry's mamma readily agreed. They
went in search of the pigs as soon as
Harry had been washed. They found
them in the garden eating cabbages.
Then Harry said that he was sorry, and
that he would never leave the gate
open again, and he has kept his prom
ise. AMY E. CREWE,
Charming way. West Berkeley.
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Btelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning — "Church Prosperity — WhatT"
Evening— "The Wiles of the Devil."
First Baptist Church. Eddy street, near
Jones— Rtv. E. A. Woods.
Morning— "Thoughts Which Trouble Us."
Evening— "The Prisoner Becomes the
Judge. >./
Free Baptist, Bush street, near Larkln—
Rev. W. R. Balr.
Morning— Preaching by Rev. W. R. Balr,
late of Kansas. Evening— "The Worth of
a Soul."
Bethany. Bartlett street, near Twenty-fifth
Rev. W, C, Pond
Morning— by Rev. H. E. Jewett.
Evening— Vesper service from 6 to 6.
First Christian, Twelfth street, between,
Howard and Mission— Roy. F. 8. Ford.
Morning— "Other Men Labored and Ye Are
Entered Into Their Labors." Evening—
"Sacrifice or Obedience."
St. Ignatius. Van Men avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning— Feast of the patronage of St.
Joseph; Rev. H. J Woods, S. J., will
preach. Evening— Solemn vespers and
benediction and the devotions In prepar-
ation for the consecration of the coming
century to our Lord.
St. Mary's, Dupon
Paulist Fathers.
Morning— Sermon by one of the Fathers.
Evening—
St. Rcse's, Fourth and Drannan streets—
Redemptorist Fathers.
Morning— at 10:30. Evening— Close of
the mission for men; Father Distler will
confer the papal benediction.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue— Rev. Tcrrence Caraher.
Morning— Celebration of the feast of the
patronage of St. Joseph; at 11 o'clock,
mass "St. Joseph in Palestine and
Egypt." Evening— Vespers and sermon
by one of the Fathers. v.
St Joseph's, corner Tenth
streets— Rev. P. Scanlan.
and
Howard
Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:30. Even-
ing—Vespers and sermon by one of the
Fathers.
Richmond Congregational, Boventh avenue
and Clement street ßev. P. Coomb*.
Morning— "Federation In Religion." Even-
ing— "Federation In Religion."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. 11. T. Shepard.
Morning — "Progress or Retrogression V
Evening — "Overconfldence."
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "The Living Christ." Evening—
"The Rationalist or the Men Who Did
Not Go to Church."
St. Stephen's, Fillmore and Fulton streets
Rev. E. J. Lion.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. P. J. Lee. Even-
ing—Sermon by the pastor.
St. Stephen's Mission. 1713 Hayes street—
Rev. S. J. Lee.
Morning— school at 8:30 o'clock.
Evening— Evensong.
St. James Mission, Sixth avenue and Clem-
ent street, Richmond— Rev. W. H. Rat-
cliffe.
Morning— communion at 11. Evening-
Evensong.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Bishop William H. Moreland.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. D. C. Garrett of
Portland, Or. Evening— Same.
Trinity— Hush and Gough streets— Rev. H.
E. Cooke.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor,
lng— Same.
Even-
Starr King A. M. E. Zion, Stockton street,
near Clay— Rev. T. Brown.
Central Methodist Episcopal, Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh Charles
Edward I>ocke.
Morning— "God Unrevengeful."
"The Seven Seals Unloosed."
Evening—
Morning— "Dangers Which Beset Chris-
tians in Phllistia." Evening— "The Mis-
takes of the Devil."
Trinity M. E., corner Fulton street and
Allston way, Berkeley- Rev. John Coyl*.
Potrero M. X., Tennessee street, near l'-o-
lano — Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Morning- Preaching by the pastor. Even-
ing—Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
ing—Same.
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell
Htreet. near Jackson— Rev. W. N. An-
derson.
Morning— "Peter Released From Prison by
an Angel." Evening — "James the Elder —
Ills Execution."
Palmistry:
0 many thousand impressions of
3 palms have been forwarded to this
department for reading that It has
been decided not to receive any
' more until those on hand are an
swered. This is done ln justice to
the palmist and to those who might
forward impressions and be obliged to
wait a long time before a careful reading
could be made in this column.
* • «
ELLA G., San Diego— You take life too
seriously; have spells of melancholy.
Your nature needs constant change. You
are disposed to be saving. There will be
pleasant alterations in your circum
stances after U4. There are two romances
strongly marked.
JOHN J., t.'liico— Here is the hand of a
workingman, who does not aspire to be
rich. All he asks is his comforts; fond of
good living; inclined to mutate too'
freely. No marriage.
MISS ELLA B.— You have many charm
ing qualities, chief among which is your
loving, sympathetic nature. You are fond
of the opposite sex; will marry a man ln
moderate circumstances at 25. Six chil
dren.
SUSAN L., Modesto— You are cheerful
and happy — do not borrow trouble. Are
a good housekeeper. Will marry well at ;
£4. No children.
A. J. S.— You are demonstrative and ef- I
fusive, but no true affection. You are
rather calculating. Your first marriage
was a failure.
MISS L., San Jose— You would make an :
excellent school teacher. You have good
government and self-control.
MA I'D M., Healdsburg— You are fickle
and deceitful; altogether too diplomatic in
your management of people, A broken en
gagement in early life has made you vin
dictive. You will not marry until aft( 'M.
HI I.l 'A J., San Jose— You will be a
bachelor girl— not from necessity, but
from choice. You are very capable and
have made a good sum of money already.
You will travel extensively on business.
JANE M., Stockton— your success
has come through your own efforts. You
had a serious loss of money through a
relative about two years ago. Your cir
cumstances will improve the latter part of
your life. You will not marry.
A. B. C, Napa— Your career was spoiled
in youth by an unfortunate love affair.
You will achieve something, however,
especially between 38 and 3y, when you
Will make money In an investment. You
Will be 65 at least before you die..
LOTTIE J., Sacramento — You have a :
kind heart and an honest, frank disposi- !
tion, but you are too free With your
money. The death of a relative left you
dependent' unon your own resources. You
will marry at 22,
DAN M., Pinole— hand is that of
an honest laborer. YOU are generous and
industrious. You have had two serious
accidents. One marriage; tour children.
MRS. L. E. D., Elmira— hand is
of the conical type. You are sensitive,
proud and ambitious. Your life line Indi
cates a long life. You are very cautious,
but have great independence of thought
and lien. Your fate line shows very
good fortune between the age of 40 and
I). You are not fortunate in heart affairs.
lou are very intuitive.
L. L. X., Sacramento— You will be mar- i
ried twice. Much unhappiness caused by
one marriage, but of short duration. Consid
erable wealth. Travel extensively. Set in
your opinions, and desire to be famous.
MRS. L. S., Fresno— Vou have a ten
dency to worry over trifles. Determina
tion is shown. Your life is devoid of great
events. You stay at home too much. You
would not be good In a business venture
of any kind. You will have two children. !
Only one marriage is shown.
1^- — You possess courage, energy
and discrimination. Are both imagina
tive and sensible. Worry unnecessarily
borne artistic and musical ability shown.
'" ''" are two journeys of importance. if
you are not careful will meet with an ac
cident at 29.
MRS. L. E. D., Elmira- You are very
sensitive, proud and ambitious. You have
great caution: poor linancial success
VJ 1 ?.- V ,e /^ c of 40 -, You art ' cultured and
refined. One marriage is strongly mark
"'■,, ' ■"' ' are two Journeys of importance
within the next year. There are indica
tion of a lawsuit later on.
ALICE 8., Vallejo— Your hand betrays a
courageous spirit, able to resist tempta
tion and to accept the inevitable with
proper resignation; would excel as an
a »'S?^ a f e lovln S and sympathetic.
f*" 0 , 1 *? ■*• l fl wo -tourneys, one of which will
bring you financial success
NORA I V . our nat ure is refined and
gentle, full of generous impulses: well
educated; have good taste in art and
music our. success depends to a certain
extent upon tie caprice of others. You
will marry twice, once a widow and once
a £ Iv^t?'oAx°t U P lll ,lave tnroe children.
R. WILSON, Nevada You are rather
<','" self-confident; good luck generally; an
eloquent debater; would make a success
ful actress You are emotional and dar
ing. Long lived, very good health. Three
romances in your life; one marriage
MISS L. I;.. Santa Rosa— Your nature is
enthusiastic, and you are either very
happy or quite depressed; there is no half
way with you. You are high-minded and
quick-tempered; fond of music and great
veneration for the sublime. Ono serious
illness before your thirtieth year.
MISS M. G., Mountain View— is a
thoroughly vitalized hand, set in opinions
aggressive In temperament. A strong
willed, forceful nature. You are fond of
good living, but circumstances have inter
fered with your highest ideals. You will
have a person come Into your life who will
cause you trouble.
MRS. T. C— Your nature Is extremely
ffieaci ik * o°£0 °£ jfcand
material. Your life will not be a long one.
lou will live a great deal in a short time.
One marriage and two children are plain
ly shown. You will have a change in cir
cumstances for the better this year.
11. B. W. — You are very broad-minded
and have a just estimate of all things. :
I here is one person who came into your |
life nd brought you trouble and sorrow. i
V ou have been imposed upon by those you
cared for. You will through the influence
ot others make quite a sum of money this
year. You are inclined to be a trifle too
visionary. Your life will be very eventful. I
MISS MAUD \\\. Soquel— have a!
religious palm; very artistic; much un- j
developed talent. You have some dra
matic and musical ability, but your health '
will interfere with the full development
of your talent. You will take an im
portant journey at 28. There will be sev
eral changes within the next fifteen
months in your family.
MISS CLARA P.— This Is a careful,
methodical nature, exact in matters of
form and dress. You have talent and
will be assisted in your endeavors. Your ;
health is your worst difficulty. You will
have to take especially good care of your- i
self. One marriage.
MRS. A. C. S.. Raymond, Madera Coun- I
Your hand denotes a changeable, rest
less disposition. You have had many
trials and sorrows. You are too daring
and venturesome for your own good. !
Your life line indicates a long life.
MRS. McK.— is the hand of j
thwarted plans. You are restless and i
changeable; desire to travel and enjoy j
life. The men who have come into your
life have each brought their share of j
sorrow. There is one great Infatuation :
which effects the whole life. The death j
of a relative causes you to take a journey. ;
Your financial conditions show an im- !
provement in the latter half of your life. j
One serious Illness between 49 and 50.
MR. GEORGE A.— Your hand shows a
visionary turn of mind. You have ability \
but poor returns for your efforts. Two
marriages. Much travel. You will have
to take care, as your hand shows danger
by water. You do not make much money
until the middle part of your life, when
through the influence of others you will j
make quite an amount.
ALFRED D., lowa Hill— You are ruled
more by Impulse than by reflection; lack
cleverness and delicacy; always disagree- j
ing with other people; a journey of great
length and Importance shown; some i
money.
CHARLIE J., Sacramento— Your lines |
denote good health. You are very Intelli- :
gent. You meet with reverses but pos- j
sess wisdom and discretion to rise above i
them. You are sentimental and impres- j
sionable.
I. R. 0., San Jose— palm indicates j
a serene mind and literary ability. In !
friendship, loyal; thoughtful of others;
very long life with very impaired health.
While you have talents you lack energy
to develop them thoroughly.
T. JACKSON, Alameda— Should be ca
pable of something better than ordinary
pursuits. Independent In thought and
action. A good student. Unemotional.
Some prosperity and three marriages.
H. 1... Oakland— You are rather vain,
proud and selfish. You have met with
reverses, which have not sweetened
your disposition. You have made one
very unhappy marriage. You will marry
again In four years.
REYE L., Stockton— are exces
sively irritable and nervous; not con
tent in any one sphere of action or lo- j
cation. You have evidently traveled |
much. You dote on luxury, Inclined to j
be selfish. : '
W. A L., Menlo Park— You are best '
fitted for clerical work. Y r ou are lacking
in self-reliance and prudence. There Is :
some musical ability shown, though you j
would not excel in the art.
RALPH D.— Although your hand be
tokens nervousness, you possess courage
and high spirit. You do not hesitate to
act upon your own judgment. You live
a very changeable life. Are rather cold
and lack enthusiasm.
MRS. K. L. R., Nevada— This is tho
'hand of a dissatisfied person, easily in
fluenced; a hard-worker. You have
gains and losses in the future; travel ex- j
Ively; unnecessary apprehensions
prevent the full enjoyment of your many
advantages; very inquisitive; marry ;
: once.
FRANK R.. San Diego— You are witty,
original, passionate; should be careful to
keep your forces under subjection; -full
' of energy; possesses excellent character;
I good disposition; one marriage; would
make a good journalist; considerable
mom shown.
E. W. J., Portland— You are shrewd and
cautious. A light-hearted temperament.
Naturally bright. Not much of a stu
dent. Fickle in your love affairs. Long
life Ordinary circumstances.
K. ROLAND, Placerville— This is a
practical hand. Good business ability. I
Plenty of energy' and determination. A
discriminating mind. Fond of the oppo- ;
Bite sex; flirtatious. Will, marry once.
Two important changes In your career.
MRS. H. S., Alameda— You have a poetic
nature, changeable and nervous; Inclined '
to be superstitious. You love power, dis
like work and desire a life of ease and I
comfort. You are quite satisfied with '
self. Are religious, but not deeply so.
Long life.
M. W., Reno— Your life is uneventful.
You have many good qualif.es. Prudent
■■ in money matters. Independent, constant,
true and able to endure hardships. Com
fortable circumstances until after 40.
MRS. L. A., Stockton— You have too 1
vivid an imagination. You possess great
; physical strength. Appear to be of a !
domineering nature and wish your own '
way at all hazards. Will have two long
j journeys. One will bring you financial
] success. Will marry twice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, APRIL 23, 1899.
California Street Methodist, California and
Brodertck streets— Rev. Frederick C. Lee.
prelude, "Does Chief Lees Need a Guide
to Chinatown?"
Morning— "Wonderful." Evening — "Th.
Gold, the Mold and the Calf."
Trinity Methodist, corner Market, Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rev. Theo. H. Wood-
ward.
Morning— "The Invisible."
dress to young men.
Evening— Ad-
Epworth, corner Church and Twenty-sixth
streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning Preaching by the "pastor.
Ing— Same.
Even-
Howard M. E., Howard street, near Third
Rev. John A. B. Wilson. . >
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Same.
Even-
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Ing— Same. f; ..-..?
Even-
Richmond Methodist, northeast corner
Clement street and Fourth avenue — Rev.
George Baugh.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor,
ing— Same.
Even-
First M. E., Powell street, near Washing-
ton—Rev. W. S. Urmy. ;,;
Morning— by the pastor,
ing Same. ;-: -
Even-
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero and Twenty-
third streets— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Morning— "Facts That Call for Faith."
Evening— "The Bloodthirsty Nature of
Sin."
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth avenue
and Railroad avenue— Rev. Herbert N.
Bevler.
Morning — "The Kingdom Come." Even-
ing— "The Good Samaritan."
Trinity Presbyterian, southwest corner
Twenty-third and Capp streets— Rev.
Alexander C. Carson.
Morning— "The Church In Its Divine Plan
and its Unfolding." Evening— "The Quiet
Hour."
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mackenzie.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Even-
ing— "The Changes in Protestantism."
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
• streets— Rev. J. Hemphill. ■■-..,
Morning— by the pastor,
ing— "Bitter Words Sweetened."
Even-
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
Webster streets— a S. Cryor.
Morning— "The Value and Need of Study of
Prophecy." Evening— "The Signs of the
times— National Times. Are Thes. the
Last Days?"
Franklin street Presbyterian, corner Frank-
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
Morning— "Blessed Are the Dead Who Die <
In the Lord." Evening— "The Christian's
Strength." 4
First United Presbyterian, corner
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev.
Bell.
Morning— "The Intercession of Christ."
Evening— "The Just Instead of the Un-
just."
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
• emeritus; Rev. Stopford W. Brooke.
Morning— Shall Not Kill— The Old
Law and the New." Evening— No evening
service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
Morning— By request, "In Memoriam; the
Poet's Questions About the Dead." Even-
ing— "How Theology Grew."
German Evangelical Emapuel, corner of
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Morning— "l Am Among You as He That
Serveth." Evening— "A Portrait of Jesus."
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "From Jerusalem to Emmuu."
Evening— "A Seared Conscience."
First Divine Science, Yosemite Hall, Native
Sons' building— E. Cramer, pastor.
Morning— "I Shall Not Want."
Y. M. C. A.. Ellis and Mason streets—
H. H. Bell, D.D.
Afternoon— Address by Rev. H. H, Bell.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, between Kearny and Grant avenue
—Bible and Science and Health, With
Key to the Scriptures.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock, "Everlast-
ing Punishment."
Bush Street Temple— Rabbi Myers,
Morning— "The Late Baroness Hlrsch."
MISS SUSAN P.. Petaluma— This is the
hand of a delicate, nervous, fretful per
son. You are bright and observant. Your
lines indicate thrift and economy. You
will be disappointed in one love affair,
i but eventually will secure your ideal. The
death of your father will Interfere with
j your plans for a time.
T. M. L., Reno You are not firm enough.
You allow people to influence you to your
detriment. You will inherit a small sum
■ of money from a relative this year.
GRACE A.. San Jose— Your hand shows
pride and ambition. Cool, self-possessed.
Unapproachable to many. You are ruled
solely by your own opinions. Possess
good principles, but are not generous.
Two marriages. One marriage will cause
great unhappiness.
Y. Z., Sacramento— affability and
: generosity. You are sweet-tempered;
sensible and highly esteemed. Two love
affairs. Good health generally. You have
a strong will, and should be successful in
! whatever you undertake. There is one
j point which 's much against you— your
j lack of decision has caused you iolrse
otherwise good opportunities.
MAY W., Vallejo— You evidently- are
destined by nature to live a long life. Will
! not, however, bo one of unbroken success.
! You are careless and lack pride. Some
money coming. Determination and will
, power. One marriage and some travel ex
j pressed. You are changeable and restless.
Madame Neer_aard, pupil of St. Germain,
j scientific palm reading. fill", Geary Bt.. above
Jones. Telephone Hyde 2CII.
FRATERNAL.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent at its meeting on
the Hth inst. decided to have an alternate
degree team to relieve the one that has
been doing work for some time, and for
the additional purpose of having knights
to fill the- places of such as may perforce
be absent at Initiation. Sir Knight George
V. Lerol has been elected captain of the
new team. The rustlers and the hustlers
of this team are still working to secure
new material, and each promises to bury
the other out of sight when each turns
in Its results.
j Golden West Tent at its meeting last
I Tuesday night Initiated nine candidates
1 and received fifteen applications. It will
I not be long before,, this tent will have a
| membership of 150. The following officers
I were elected: O. F. Grundel, P. C;
Luther Elkin, C; G. C. Freeman. L. C. ;
D. W. Bates, R. X.; F. A. Seaman. F.
X.; F. J. Moore, Ch. : J. A. Dlnzler. M. at
A.; C. B. Classen, S. ; W. Mize. first M.
of'G.: L. R.- Howard, second M. of G.;
P. Feliz, sentinel; George Morgan, P.
BRITANNIA LODGE.
There was a very pleasant gathering of
the ladies of Britannia Lodge No. 7 of
the Daughters of St. George and many
Sons of St. George in Union Square Hall
last Wednesday night on the occasion of
a party given by the ladies and at which
Miss Neale, W. H. Fuller, Mr. Callender,
Mrs. C. R. Goodrich, J. Behrens, H. A.
| Hlner, Little Katie, E. Lambert, George
; Austin, Miss A. Peterson and Miss Mabel
| Porter contributed- vocal and Instrumental
i music, literary efforts, oratory and fancy
dancing, after which there wits a good
i programme of dances. The affair was
; under the supervision of tho lodge's so
cial committee, composed of Mrs. W.
| Witts, Mrs. G. Mohlner, Mrs. Atkinson,
i Mrs. Hewitt, Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Price,
Mrs. Jewitt, Mrs. Harrison and Mrs.
Johnson.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Mrs. Ella Jacobs of 3333 Seventeenth
' street on the 13th Inst, gave a delightful
luncheon in honor of Mrs. Henrietta
Stone, lady commander of Mission Hive,
| as a farewell compliment to her prior to
; her departure for her country home. The
Invited guests were all members of the
hive, and during the luncheon Mrs. Ja
cobs, past commander of the hive, on be
half of the members, presented the guest
of the day. a beautiful piece of painted
china in token of the appreciation ln
which she is held by the membership. The
speaker expressed her regrets and those
of the membership that Mrs. Stone had
decided to ' take her departure, as she
had been the organizer of the hive and
had done much to build up the order in
: this city. '___
THE HIGH CHIEF RANGER.
High Chief Ranger M. Boehm, of the
I Ancient Order of Foresters left on last
j Wednesday for Humboldt County to be
absent several days, and while there he
I will visit several of the courts in the
county. »
GYMNASTIC ENTERTAINMENT.
Annual Exhibition of the Young
Men's Christian Association Will
Be a Big. Success.
Bunches of young gymnasts crowd the
gymnasium of the Young Men's Christian
Association nightly, training for the an
nual gymnastic exhibition which Is to
take place on May 2.
Nine events have been selected for the
programme, which promises to be a most
interesting one. They are: Long horse,
horizontal bar, high jumping, dumb-bell
drill by a class of fifty, elementary work
by the junior class, Intermediate work by
the intermediate class, parallel bars and
an exhibition of first aid to the injured
by a class which has been studying this
specialty for a year. The music will be
furnished by the Columbian orchestra.
In every number of the programme the
association will introduce its best gym
nasts. In the high jump D. J. Grant, who
has a record of G feet, will try for a new
record. His competitors will be P. A.
Young. P. L. Spacher, Frank Wilson and
F. J. Cutter, all of whom have gone over
the tape at a height of 5 feet 7 Inches.
In view of the success of the last Indoor
baseball tournament the athletes of the
association have begun the organization
of three teams within their own club. A
schedule will be .arranged ln the near fu
ture and a trophy will be the reward of
the victorious nine.
THE TRAP SHOOTERS.
Bekeart and McMurchy Enjoying
Themselves in Mendocino County.
The gun clubs will put in an appearance
Sunday at their respective trap shoot
ing grounds. The San Francisco Gun Club
will hold a live-bird shoot near San
Clemente station; the Union Gun Club
will hold a bluerock shoot on the Lincoln
Club grounds, Alameda, and the Olympic
Gun Club will try conclusions on blue
rocks at Ingleside. On Sunday, April 30,
the San Francisco Gun Club will have
several pool-shooting contests at Ala
meda Point.
Sportsmen will be pleased to learn that
Harvey McMurchy and Phil Bekeart are
enjoying happy moments catching trout
and fresh air on the banks of Big River,
in Mendocino County. It is said that
Bekeart with his little pistol winged a
flying fish in the Big River lagoon. Dr.
E. N. Short has written a friend in this
city a long description of his trip to the
mountains. His letter winds up as fol
lows: "No use In argument, this fellow
Bekeart Is a wonderful shot. He has been
reading the yellow journal, and you know
that Phil delights in perusing anything
that is sensational or imaginary. A few
evenings ago he pointed out to me a great
story concerning some wonderful perform
ance of a dime novel hero who bagged a
thousand swallows in tin afternoon's
shooting with a parlor rifle. Don't you
know that since Phil read the article he
has wasted all the ammunition in camp
shooting at trout which can be seen leap
ing out of the water after winged insects?
He has actually killed a few 'Dolly Var
dens' with his little gun, and now
contends that this style of shooting Is the
kind of practice a man requires who has
predilection for trap shooting. 'I am sat
isfied now,' said Phil, 'that on my return
to the city I will astonish Haight, Feud
ner, Golcher and other crackajack trap
shooters when I meet them at the Ingle
side trap shooting grounds. I think I can
easily grass one hundred straight. Oh, this
shooting at jumping trout Is the greatest
scheme on earth to sharpen a man's wits
and make him as quick as a steel trap.' "
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
A display of metal beds
half a block long! Solid
-brass at a hundred dollars;
white and colored enamels
run the gamut of price;
the one in cut is white en-
amel, brass trimmings, full
size $2.50
■Metal beds have the vogue; artistic
enamels in bright colors lighten up
the bedroom like spring sunshine.
Extra heavy Tapestry parlor table
cover (size 6-4) in five good colors.
Heavy double knotted fringe. Re-
versible—use both sides 95c
Satin 'finish ' Tapestry table covers,
eight-quarter size. Very .heavy, in
rich designs, $4.50.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
The annex is a busy place now, with
the new spring weaves. Nature's
brightest colors, and art's cleverest de-
signs have been combined and laid at
your feet. ;-^-;, v '•-:?'.'';
Up on the fifth floor the big electric
sewing machine— 40 feet long; only one
on the Pacific Coast— brings pattern
and color together into a harmonious
floor covering.
Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Post St., S. E
Open evenings Near Stockton
Hales. I ■..■•-■ -^ Hales. ' • , Hales.
Ptis^rniTshortweekr n_T_en|
1 M£^ some fair maid will be \
>i M^A% some fair maid will be \
I »"oueen of the May!"
) _S?M^^il^^^ already summer is here— Thursday, Friday and Saturday impressed )
% _J^^l_SsHH_» this fact upon us. Summer-time costumes will now be the pin- C
I jSfr^^^^^WSL nacle of all dainty dressers. Organdies, piques, dimities and others J
_» mml-^ -~J@*\ of the wash goods family -A wlll now rule the damsels fair; we V.
' W§S^^^ T show shirt waists, tucked, e _F^ r , shirted, frilled and ruched in J
> .1 characteristic Parisian dam fVS^ __r tiness; costumes made U P ?
M*?i3®v_fe ! * i, "_Z^_^__Sr wlth a Deaut y and finish J
> __*<r®^iJwr^_fe .-/^iSfe which go a ,on way to ?
? J^__^^V^%^^W?V^^^ 'fo-^J?^^ care .fIMjM^ of the creators in small P
\ <V^^Sr^(S_sSSfeJ-SK-- -^--Lr : details; sep skirts, washable C
/rNir^-^J a_? '^Kj^-^jfir "' "'^^ ones « the rnaxlmurn of comfort and economy at a J
1 / A'4»^_®^i£l__mi_#/ minimum of cost: summer millinery, shirt waist sets, gloves, \
*tt? r V/S^*^sfisft children's dresses, hosiery, \ neckwear; we never welcomed the %
]^^/*^7__fl fo*'"flr rel of the Summer Girl _^-_ with such a good stock —we
/ B^l\-p g bffl never felt so sure of pleas *^^ ing!
{^X /l^ IP/m millinery. VV wash fabrics.
')fW#- , 'sm^fM@? for this week we have taken some _^ffl, 3000 yards new piques, whits
V V Z^^%^^ thirty odd - to be exact, 37 hats-of our,^Olp grounds, wide stripes, 28 inches
V _ J -._yßr ' higher priced exhibition hats and cut them^yPJ^ wide...... per yard 20c
F\L^>f\ from twenty-five to fifty per cent ; some are ex- J. k 2 , 700 rds „ new „ rencr ! co „ ton w ?? n
M&Z&LS A elusive styles and have served their purpose asK abr lc, "Gardenia, inches wide,
?VsT_Kv «r'^' A window and interior displays; we have used them "ne cloth, small raised cords, white
'<VwTv\* fV as models for our workroom, and now offer them ground, floral patterns...per yard 25c
_5 ¥_ *~n/ ** \ very nearto cost, and in some casesatcost; all de- jj nen Holland suiting, solid colors,
Effiw V ,^;-^^\,. Signer of millinery buy these model hats, c and a " Unen, exceptionally good or vaca .
WS&N?i Ji_ ' liii wise folks watch for them to be placed on sal?; au unen » exceptionally gooa ior vaca
%*s§?> r) W\ hats in this Jot from $5 to $15 «on wear:
MTfietfr^j^V *'^\ l 27 Inches wide .per yard 160
KSi^ Afe gIOVeS. 3 5 .lnches wide 200 and 250
*>A V% r___l '•'•• -»^ lt took us years to discover a reliable dollar 6000 yar ds . white pique, all size
sS!^kaaK»^&^' EIOVC; en AA* -5 refused to fill a dozen cord . , . d f
,-^vjkSl^SSa_* '6/\!_sr'. stores; we didn't decide hurriedly; each glove , y y , . 
»W__3S_l!__!^'___KvC > Presented was carefully tested— examined by v "y large assortment, 29 inches wide
'^viw^^?^^\ experts; its make-up, style, fit and material per yard 100
J^^^J?TA^lte\ \ run the gauntlet of expert scrutiny; we wanted „„ t a. n( _ rfa i M
V _?-^S#^l_s_V_^ \ a dollar glove to build a glove reputation; , ri 37 n 9 ° h 5 : ard ' : n , cW ,^ , 1 ' _/
'^^^-M^F>\ \ we wanted it for each of our stores. f "^ches i /' lig ht \ me- ~C
f !^jflr%t '^\ and now we have them here-ready to- m a nd dar^ colors '
MW V«-i^=^ \U %\ ay; t0 sing heir praises vvou!d be idle among these patterns are Jt^
V •>: 4lf » M Vtalk; we've confidence in them; but it cv^ ra n' n pretty to <?*\
_!' A' V 4 Wsn 5 what we say-their worth can make up into shirt waists i.
' ? ( \ R "-A only be proven by your satisfaction; -y""";"; / aT ]** &SSi
r \ ; .. 1 1i r'^liii d7cf -7-rlT<:n. nicl^nn-. 1500 yaras new percales, fg- •^-___sW
5 W>^- ib* .-.'r tin"' % Ca d S s P ' al navT" purple f nd l "*» w^, medium E^
M^l 8 -! g,eens brov ? m : de b,ack "' c^ ""••'••" e 0
.'"//" / l!i K_3fi\ new trimmings. 5000 yards zephyr ginghams, 33
*£?>„ « , s ?*iS_lPn\ fancy silk and spangle bowknots'"^.^ '"f-n^rM 3^
«BT ?\ /:^--« AX 111 " 651 " each 25c to $1 f^J^J^LTiOe
f ' v- '• i .__^_2?ll™ //JiWi \ _pangle butterflies, also silk ' ■
b >* '•V-^.''_lmlP«> II V/ *\\ \* applique: now the rage patterns gladly sent out 0/ the city by mail.
ii\^::^ : ;'JM wH\' /: '-M; \<k 60c to $1.25 _. : ,tv
*.-_L-.*-.?_»Brft L I \ tfK v. .* ik* /^S_?_ covert cloths, 29 ln-
£>slf&oJrU : % * ''X- A \^V Whi 'fl- cotton percale | but- __^S«^ ches wide, best grade,
;V/ - •'^ J £ ' N,v V^f. wlth . COl red «^S^^\ ali shades.. 8 .
ffi-Vrf/ W / ,fia. j %\vf.' ,^- and tinted wings. •••■• per yard 12^
\* 7, //' /' ►>§£ L;i?^-.vaiJSK •; each 15C V3a__/ Japanese crepes, 30
>_il V »/fi '? // hKv- •-> si cut jet edgines, i 2 to 1 / inches wide, in light
£« / >. i . l \-^J r inch. ..per yard 25e to $1 *. /u^, and medium colors,
p '> /- IP St V fra , , . + OJ^^ stripes and check oat-
|i // l | 5 ' \.^r cloak and suit (^_r terns per yard 16^ c
%' &■* * ■ r^u-i^ department. y ■ vacation hints :
• ""l^p* o_«__r ladles' black and navy serge, man- / 14-inch satchel ba5ket.. ,...650
*\iii_. > — """ill - - ■.■ffi^ tailored suits, fly front jacket, silk * telescope basket and strap, 15-
- •J&*ao&'- lined throughout; skirt well / inch 40e; 16 , -inch 50e; 18-inch 65c;
lined witT percaline and bound I 19^-inch 75c; 20-inch 85e
fancy ribbons. with velveteen ; excellent value \ 6-foot shawl strap 35e
iancy riUUUII-*. afsw.so Hale's price $10 <^> ... fnnt M^-.^ n „„ . . ,
2,00 yards all-silk Persian stripe ladies' tan and brown mixed h "J™* grass hammock »
fancy ribbons, 3 3-8 inches wide, will covert cloth jackets, fly front, A^ braided edge 75 C
be offered Mayday week, beginning silk lined throughout, lap c^fi§(\ \ 12-Inch imitation alligator ciub bag..
to-morrow per yard 15c stitched seams, extremely well 7^s_ j # 7q
■ Swiss handkerchiefs. I^S_?___^r,s J-*?*^^^
i_sTj_s_i^_t--3_s ™$$ ssi^mm^ »^jzzz*jgs^i
and lace corners with lace borders, value at .$1 dozen 80
lace and insertion all round, and Swiss white x j, , pique ana wnite Bj^ inch white enameled steel plate.,
center with imitation duchesse lace and colo UJLj£ red duck separate -
S »ow» *£% mm So^ W^afc"'^ 1 - white enameled sa.adTork<
? wo^less 'SS X!S a quarter! cale shirt V ?Ist si n steel plate ... i and spoon.lOe >
> side combs -gf ana feet colors, we )_-, 11 made, rer i-plnttln drink- I ?f «kj for S.
r side combs -^T ana feet fitting.. J/® '• 50e C int'tea a s c tee Be ) ~—M*{
) notions. , we 1 have an UJ^.' exceptional- er.^!!'"!.^..^'^ [ 1 dozen Iron S
l shell side combs, per U pair 25c * strong disp "^^ ay of sum- daisy alcohol ). tinned teaC
shell sideccmbs, "'.■Ml.T'i mine mer f shirt wais ts from 50e stove 2 5e V«- spoons.-... 10c ?
s stone settings, pairW^ 75c U P to $1.25, $2.50 and $3.00 cork screw . 6e 2£fc iron knife /
) shell pompadour co Wr* mb 25e ladies' black and navy serge can opener. sc^s^ and fork... J
> elastic belting, per y^rd l '"to $6 suits, fly or tight-fitting front, _ nickel table forks for 45c C
> beaded belts, each...sl _W to $6 suits, fly or tight-fitting front, 6 nickel table forks for 45c V.
' steel belt buckles, each fft .....50e jacket silk lined throughout, 6 n,ckel tea Spoons for 45 C X
\ black mohair edging H *» to 1 inch \ . „...-_.. . ' N
/ wide, yard 25c skirt well lined and finished, \
> black skirt sets $2.75 perfect fitting, excellent value, _4t S
black silk passementerie, \\i to 2^ v ° ' &zF f
s inches wide, per yard $1.00 from stock or made to order.. $20 1
live out of the /0/ ■ : _^^ priccd° dry' °'(
)c-.ty. I=i -**&&Jj*WpD OOOO^ -^ S
) 937 to 947 /V\ar-I_e»t street. J
the same firm — the same good goods — the same guarantee also at [
Sacramento. San Jose, Stockton, Petaluma, Salinas and Los Angeles. V _
-— *X./x i^V AnA^nA^ %/\_*w/Vv^_^X_/X_rv V
IN BARGE AND SKIFF. j
Ariels Will Hold the First Rowing
Regatta of the Season.
The convention of oarsmen held In Jus
tice of the Peace J. E. Barry's courtroom
last Tuesday night, though It was, attend
ed by representatives from all the clubs
except the Olympic and Pioneer, did not
reach any conclusion. The arguments for
leaving the Pacific Association and form
ing a Pacific or "Western Rowing Associa
tion, to be affiliated with the National
Association of Amateur Oarsmen,, were
set forth by S. J. Pembroke and J. D.
Mahoney, and those on the other side by
the delegates from the Ariel and Dolphin
clubs. The failure of the P. A. A. to hold
regattas over measured courses and to
keep records of the performances of oars
men was pointed out, and it was stated
that it is not 'to the oarsmen's interests
to belong to an association the parent
body of which expressly disclaims arv
Jurisdiction over rowing and regatta's. If
a rowing association were formed -its
board of managers would not have to ex
pend energy on track and field events and
on other m? Iters with which oarsmen
have no concern. Money contributed by
the oarsmen would be expended on row
ing, and half of it would not be sent out
of the State to support a non-rowing
Eastern organization, as at present.
Every oarsman who has rowed in re
gattas has paid $1 per annum for regis
tration and each rowing club $17 50 in the
lost two years to the Amateur Athletic
Union, oarsmen having been told that un
less they did so they would not be per
mitted to row.
The advocates of continuing . in the
present condition simply urge that though
the P. A. A. has done nothing for rowing
it would have done so had it been necea
sary, and that the rowing men have held
several successful regattas under the aus
pices of the P. A. A. and have had fewer
disagreements than ever before; also that
the .oarsmen were registered not merely
as oarsmen but as amateur athletes and
were entitled to take part ln swimming
races, track and field events and other
sports.
The Ariels will hold a regatta at Bong
Bridge on Sunday, April 29, at which there
will be senior and junior barge races, a
skiff race for novices and an exhibition
shell race between "W. Growney and Le
ander Stevenson. ':'•';"■
4>4>4>4>4>4>s>4><f>4>4>4>4>4>4>'i>4><s>*
4> *•
<» The Sunday/ Call, 32 ♦
pages, delivered at your *
<s> home by mail for $1 50 <$>
* a year. Subscribe for it *
BUNKER HILL DAY.
Three Organizations Combine to Cel
ebrate It.
Three organizations will Join their
forces to celebrate the battle of Bunker
Hill this year on June. 17. They, are the
Bunker, Hill Association, Sons of the
American Revolution and Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers.
A commltte from each met Tuesday
night at Occidental Hotel and made the
preliminary arrangements for a grand ex
cursion to Sunset Park, "Wrights station,
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. "William
G. Badger, president of the Bunker Hill
Association, presided at the meeting! and
appointed a literary committee, consisting
of himself, Horace Davis (president of
the Sons of the American Revolution)
A. R. Cotton (president of the California
Pioneers), Colonel A. S. Hubbard and G.
W. Caswell.
The committee on grounds and trans
portation comprises John F. Pinkham, R
Vandercook. A. F. "Wheaton and E B
Vreeland. Charles S. Green was selected
as poet of the day.
Resolutions were passed in which the
Governor is asked to declare June 17. the
anniversary of the famous battle, a legal
holiday. Many patriotic orders have sig
nified their Intention to assist in the cele
bration, which is expected to surpass
those of previous years in every par
ticular. .: -,■*■'":■>■■
St. Dominic's Picnic.
The enthusiasm already manifested by
those who have in charge the picnic to be
given by .the members of St. Dominic's
Church on May 6 bodes well for Its suc
cess. A meeting of the parishioners was
held on Monday' evening last, and tha
various committees in charge of the af
fair gave promising reports. The picnic
will be given in Mirabel Park. A variety
of games has been arranged and will be
a feature of the day's outing. An ex
cellent band will discourse music for the
dancing, and with G. M. Kelly as floor
manager an enjoyable time will be surely
had by those who attend.
_- . ♦ ■ ■
PLATE DAT.
Borne articles cut 60 per cent.
Rome articles rut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO»
Stores Everywhere.