VOLUME LXXXV— NO. 104.
SCORE OF
LIVES LOST
IN A WRECK
Passenger Trains Collide on
a Pennsylvania Rail
road.
— ♦ —
LONG LIST OF DEAD
— • —
Three Cars Crowded With Excur
sionists Are . eles coped by
the Clash.
— ♦ —
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
READING. Pa., May 12.— A collision
of passenger trains occurred on the
Philadelphia and Reading Railroad at
Exeter, about six miles south of this
city, to-night, and a great number of
pet-pie were killed nr injured. There is
no telegraph office at Exeter and de
tails, therefore, are difficult to obtain.
The number of killed is variously stated
to be from fifteen to twenty-five. Fully
fifty others are injured.
The regular express train from Potts
ville for Philadelphia connected at th"
station in Reading with a train from
Harrisburg. which was •■- -led with
excursionists., who had been to the
State? capital to witness the ceremonies
In connection with the unveiling of the
Hartranft monument. Many of the
Harrisburg passengers at Reading went
aboard the Philadelphia express, but.
It b^ing found that all could not be ac
commodated, it was decided to send an
extra train tb Philadelphia to run as
the second section of the express. The
extra train left twenty minutes later
than the' express. At Exeter the ex
press stopped for orders, and while
standing still the extra train crashed
Into it while moving at great speed.
Three of the rear cars of the express
■were telescoped and the first car of
the extra train was wrecked. The pas,
senders in these cars were terribly
mangled, many being killed outright,
while other? had limbs and bodies
maimed. Word was at once sent to
Reading and a special train with phy- j
sicians and nurses was sent to th I
ecene as quickly as it could possibly be
put into readiness. The identified billed j
ar*>- |
JOHN LEAF. Montgomery County.
• WILLIAM STANLEY. Norristown.
COLONEL GEORGE SHAW, Nor
ristown.
CHIEF JOHN STINGTUFF, Norris
town.
JOHN JOHNSON. Mount Clair.
WILLIAM LEWIS. Norristown.
HARRY HUNCHENTGER. Norris
town
GEORGE SOWERS. Norristown.
GEORGE H. ANNIS. Norristown.
HARRY WENTS Norristown.
SAMUEL BARTLETT. Consochten.
HARRY THOMPTON. Norristown.
HIRAM SHELBY. Hatboro.
BENTON SILVIS, Reading.
The injured, as far as the names |
could be obtained are:
Eddie Smith, Norristown.
Charles White, rristown.
Nathan o'Neill, rristown.
Luther Custer, serious, Pottstown.
John Johnson, seriously. Mount Clair. j
Patrick Kehn Norristown.
Pascal Walters. Swedeland.
Harry Leicester, seriously, Phoenix-
L. B. Aldersiee. Phoenlxville. "
Theodore Adds. Norrist
Charles Maddis. Consochten.
Continued on Second Page.
REV. DR. C. A. BRIGGS, Wborr) Bishop
Potter Declares Will Soon Be Or
daiQed to Episcopal Priesthood.
The San Francisco Call.
ROSWELL P. FLOWER
IS CALLED TO REST
NEW YORK, May 12. -Former Governor Roswell P. Flower died to
night at 10:30 at the Eastport Country Club at Eastport, L. I. Mr.
Flower was taken ill early in the day with a severe attack of acute in
. digestion. In the afternoon symptoms of heart failure supervened and
he grew steadily worse until the time of his death. The attack of
heart failure was accompanied by a fainting spell, and Mr. Flower's fam
ily in New York City was quickly notified. Mrs. Flower and the former
Governor's nephew, Frederick S. Flower, accompanied by Dr. Thomas H.
Allen. Mr. Flower's physician, left at once on a special train for Eastport.
When they arrived there Mr. Flower had somewhat recovered, but to-night
the attack of heart failure was marked and Mr. Flower became unconscious
an hour or more before his death.
Mr. Flower had been a sufferer from gastritis for a long time, every
now and then an acute attack. For a month or two past he has been a
regular visitor at the Eastport Country Club in the hope that he would find
some relief in the outing He appeared in robust health yesterday, and this
morning when he arrived at stport, where he intended to remain until
Monday, his health was apparently excellent. The attack from which he suf
fered to-day came on suddenly and was of a more severe type at the outset
than any he had previously suffered from.
Frederick S. Flower took charge of the details after his uncle's death,
but no arrangement for the funeral has yet been made. The body will prob
ably be transferred to Manhattan to-morrow morning.
Rosweil P. Flower was born in Theresa, Jefferson County, N. V., Au
gust 7. 1835. Roswell was the sixth of nine children and when his father
died he was 8 years old. He worked with his brothers on two farms his
mother owned and spent his time between school sessions in the hardest
kind of labor. He became deputy postmaster of Watertown, N. V., in 1853
and kept his place six years.' Then he became a partner in the jewelry
firm of Hitchcock & Flower, bought out his partner at the end of two
years and continued in the business until 1869.
Mr. Flower came to New York in that year to take charge of the estate
of Henry Keep, whose widow was Mrs. Flower's sister. Mr. Keep owned a
great many railroad and other stocks and during the months before his
death spent much time in instructing Mr. Flower about them. Having
thus gained an insight into Wall street and its methods Mr. Flower formed
in 1«70 the firm of Benedict. Flower & Co., in which he joined E. C. Benedict
and H. H. Truman. This firm was dissolved in I^7_. Not long afterward he
organized the banking firm of Flower & Co., which has since been a power
in Wall street.
Mr. Flower always was a Democrat. In the early seventies he helped
Samuel J. Tilden to develop the famous organization which exposed Tweed
and enjoyed many other triumphs. Mr. Flower was chosen chairman of
the Democratic State Committee in 1877, and in 1881 he defeated William
Waldorf Astor for Congress after* a hot campaign in the Eleventh District.
His majority was 3100, while Levi P. Morton, Republican, had carried it at
the last previous election by more than 7000 votes. He refused a renomin
ation. He was elected Governor of the State in 1891J
Mr. Flower took up Brooklyn Rapid Transit less than two years ago
buying from 20.000 to 30,000 shares at about $25, when the capital stock was
only $25,000,000. He absorbed many subordinate lines, among them the
Nassau Electric Company, and increased the capital stock to $45,000,000. and
by his extraordinarily successful manipulation, put the price up to 137 His
holdings in Brooklyn Rapid Transit alone, which cost him two years ago
little more than $500,000. ire worth, at to-day's market price more than
$3,000,000. , . *
SAIN" FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
POTTER SAYS
BRIGGS WILL
BE ORDAINED
NEW YORK, May Bishop Potter
gave out the following formal notice
■ to-day:
"The Rev. Dr. Briggs and the Rev.
Charles H. Snedecker will be ordained
on the day officially appointed by the
Bishop of New York, May 14, at the
pro-cathedral, Stanton street. New-
York, at 10:45 a. m. The Rev. George
William Douglass will preach the ordi
! nation sermon. The Rev. Charles B.
Smith will present Dr. Briggs and the
Rev. George Francis Nelson will pre
sent Mr. Snede<
Bishop Potter chose the pro-cathedral
; for the place because Dr. Briggs had
asked to be assigned to work there and
: will work there in future.
'The Churchman of this week says:
The sensational stories that have ap
peared in the daily press with regard to
the ordination of Dr. Briggs suggested the
necessity of giving to our readers certain
Information -that may help them to a
right judgment in the premises.
Rev. Dr. Briggs was ordained to the
dlaconate last year, having met all
canonical regulations, and after having
been recommended by a standing com
mittee, composed of the Revs. Morgan
Dix. Thomas H. Harris, Octavus Apple
gate and J. S. Shlpman and Messrs.
Stephen P. Nash. G. A. Miller. S. Nichol
son Kane and Herman C. Van Post. He
has met all the requirements for advance
ment to the prieshood and has been rec
ommended again by this same committee,
with only one change in Its composition.
Many persons have been disturbed by
passages quoted in the dally papers from
Dr. Briggs' late book. It is only fair to
state that most' of these passages appear
to be wrested from their true setting.
1 .
A Victory for Harvard.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., May 12.— After a
series of three defeats. Harvard retrieved
! her position In debate by a victory over
Yale In the contest held in Sander's The
e ater to-night. ■„-..-—■
TWENTY-TWO
MET DEATH IN
THE TORNADO
And More Than a Hundred
Persons Injured in the
Hondo Disaster.
— —
MANY AMONG MISSING
— ♦ —
Tremendous Pall of Hail Accom
panied the Storm and Caused
Additional Injury.
t — • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOUSTON, Texas, May
12. — A special from Ea
gle Pass, Texas, says:
News received to-day from the
Hondo coal mines places the
dead, resulting from last night's
tornado, at twenty-two, and over
a hundred wounded. Many per
sons are still missing and are
probably in the ruins.
The Americans killed and
wounded are:
Killed:
LAWRENCE McKINNEY.
Wounded:
Superintendent R. M. Mc-
Kinney.
Fred McKinney. oven boss.
Stephen Backe, seriously.
Young McKinney was brought
here to-day.
A tremendous fall of hail ac
companied the storm. A num
ber were wounded by the hail
stones. The mine works were
not much damaged, but work
will be resumed in a few days.
— — — — — — —
CATHOLIC CITIZENS OF
'> THE UNITED STATES
Monsignor Martinelli on the Attitude
of the Church Regarding Re
publican Governments.
NOTRE DAME, Ind.. May -Monsig
nor Martinelli to-night gave out the fol
lowing interview:
I am delighted with the news and the evi
dence that our Catholic citizen* are among
the most ardent supporters of the American
Government. In some quarters there is an er
roneous impression that the papal church is
opposed to a republican form of government.
It Is not necessary to leave the Western hem
isphere to prove the untruth of th".? assertion.
Most of the countries in South America are
republics, and in all of them a vast majority
of the citizens are Catholics. . ,r ,
In the matter of education. I think science,
religion and knowledge should go hand ln hand.
Revealed religion' especially should have a
place In the schools. In the matter of moral
ity America ranks with the foremost nations
of the world. Concerning the growth of the
Catholic religion in America I can say It Is
making a greater number of converts now than
at any previous time, especially among the
higher classes. . '.''c ' . - '
The Pope's attitude toward the question of
the war has been emphasized In no doubtful
way. He is emphatically for peace. He Is
willing to arbitrate in the settlement of any
differences when his services are requested:
when they are not. he indirectly uses his In
fluence as best he can.
I am delighted that the Catholic Institutions
of America are keeping abreast of the times. i
The church has always been a patron of art
and science. Concerning Notre Dame, I- have j
seen nothing like It among the colleges I have
visited In this country-
THE SYRIAN REPUBLIC
NOT TAKEN SERIOUSLY
Declaration of Independence Looked
Upon Only as a Symptom of
Unrest.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— manifes
to declaring the independence of Syria, is
sued yesterday in New York by the Young
Syria Junta, is not taken seriously in of
ficial quarters here except as an evidence
of the unrest which has prevailed among
Turkish subjects living abroad, Includ
ing the Syrians, Armenians and the Turks
themselves, who conduct a revolutionary
organization known as Young Turks.
The reports from United States officers
in Syria and from United States Minister
Straus at Constantinople have shown no
recent uprising or discontent in Syria.
The Turkish Minister. All Ferroupbey,
said to-day the manifesto was entirely
without importance and did not represent
a sentiment prevailing among the Syrians
in this country or at home. Only recent
ly the Minister was given a handsome re
ception In New York by the resident Sy
rians, during which the most cordial man
ifestations were shown him and this Is
said to be the sentiment among the seri
ous and responsible element of this peo
ple. The only opposition element, the
Minister points out. Is made up of a few
men interested in publishing Arabic pa
pers in New York and other parts of the
country, but these, he says, in no way
voice the sentiments of the Syrians.
♦
HARVEY'S EXCUSE FOR
HIS FIENDISH CRIMES
Was Going to Kill Himself and Was
Loth to Leave His Wife
Behind.
HOWARD CITY. Mich.. May 12. o
seph Harvey, murderer' of his grand
mother, uncle and wife, who also fatally
wounded his father-in-lw and tried to
commit suicide, was taken to the County
Jail at Stanton to-day. The young man
slept soundly all night, and when ques
tioned to-day by weeping relatives he
expressed no emotion over, his atrocious
crime. He has given no indications
whatever of Insanity.
He says his uncle, Pierson, quarreled
with him and abused him because he had
driven Pierson's horse in' the rain. He
still insists his- dead, uncle killed' his
grandmother, and he says he then killed
his uncle out of revenge. He says he is
sorry he killed his wife, -but he did it be
cause he intended to kill himself, and
did not want her. to live after he was
gone. '" " ' ' ' ----- - <>
Aside from having a fiery temper,' Har
vey was not known to have any vicious
traits. . . . ' f - . - .
STATUE OF GENERAL
HARTRANFT UNVEILED
HARRISBURG, Pa., May 12.— The bronze equestrian statue of Gen
eral John F. Hartranft in Capitol Park was unveiled with impres
sive ceremonies this afternoon in the presence of a large concourse.
After the ceremonies in Capitol Park a procession formed with
General Levi A- Dodd of Baltimore as chief marshal and J. P. Cooke
of Lewiston as chief of staff. The reviewing party included Governor and
Mrs. Stone, Mrs. Hartranft and family. Secretary Alger, Postmaster Gen
eral Smith, Adjutant General Corbin, Mrs. Levi A. Dodd of Baltimore,
Major General Gregg of Reading and members of the Senate and House
of Representatives. There were over 3000 men in line. The survivors of
the Third Division of the Ninth Army Corps, commanded by General Hart
ranft in the Civil War, had the right of line. The procession also in
cluded the Ninth Regiment of immune? from Camp Meade, a provisional
brigade of the National Guard, the Grand Army of the Republic posts and
Sons of Veterans camps of Harrisburg and vicinity and the Harrisburg
fire department.
The statue represents General Hartranft as he appeared at the close of
the war. He is shown returning to his native town in the act of saluting
the people, who applaud him and throw across his path laurel and palm
branches, over which the horse walks as if he felt proud to carry his mas
ter on the occasion of his triumphal return home. The statue is nearly
fourteen feet high, and is mounted on a fourteen-foot polished red granite
pedestal in front of the Capitol of Pennsylvania, at Harrisburg.
John Frederick Hartranft was born at New Hanover, Montgomery
County, Pa., on December 16, 1830. During the Civil War he was a colonel
of Pennsylvania volunteers and won his stars by carrying the famous
stone bridge at Antietam. He was appointed major general, and command
ed a division in General Burnside's Ninth Army Corps. General Hartranft
was Governor of Pennsylvania from 1873 to 1879 and in 18-76 was Pennsyl
vania's candidate for the Presidency.
. After the expiration of his term as Governor, General Hartranft devoted
his life to the reorganization of the Pennsylvania National Guard, of which
he was made major general. It was through his military-knowledge and
ability that it became the model guard of the country. Major General Hart
ranft died at Norristown, Pa., on October 17, 18S9.
AGUIRRE IS
NOT YET IN
HALES PLACE
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, May 12.— '
When the Board of State Prison Di
rectors met in regular monthly session
to-day it was confidently predicted that
the sun would rise to-morrow morning,
and cast its beams on the head of a new
Warden. The wiseacres were sure of
this because somebody had said Gov
ernor Gage was to be present at the
meeting by his booted and august per
sonality. Gage was at the meeting, and
so was ex-Sheriff Martin G. Aguirre.
but W. E. Hale retains the wardenship.
The Governor arrived, in company |
with Aguirre and Attorney Chretien,
on the noon train, and. together with
the Directors, dined with the Warden.
Afterward the party was escorted
throughout the prison and initiated into
the mysteries of the jute mill. Several
prisoners from the south were recog
nized by Gage, who shook hands with
them and in two Instances stepped
away from the party to hold private
conferences with convicts. One, Cap
tain James, who is serving three years
for having sent obscene literature
through the mails, was made the espe
cial recipient of Gage's favors, and af
ter the hearing of a private grievance
Warden Hale was beckoned to join
the two.
The board went into executive ses
sion at 2 o'clock, and was closeted with
the Governor for nearly three hours.
It was afterward announced that
Aguirre had not been elected Warden,
for very good reasons.
"Mr. Aguirre will be appointed War
den at the meeting to be held at Fol
som a week from to-morrow, or at a
special meeting a few days later," said
Director Hayes. "At this session he
was simply introduced to us by the
Governor, who spoke highly of his
qualifications and said it was his de
sire to see him elected. Mr. Aguirre
has proved a pleasing candidate to tha
board, and will be the next Warden un
less something unforeseen occurs."
The Governor, with Aguirre, Chretien
and several others, was taken to San
Francisco on the stern-wheeler Caro
line as soon as the meeting adjourned..
All appeared in good humor, and both
Gage and his protege wore smiles of
satisfaction. V.'- "..
At the morning session Warden Hale
read his report on the punishment he
thought merited the nine conspirators
who tried to escape from the prison.
It was adopted in the afternoon, when ■
Director Devlin arrived, making a full
board. :^i .;'
George W. Schlegal, George Bullock.
Edward Morrell and H. W. Cooper were
termed ringleaders, and in addition to
the punishment which they have al
ready received, the first three, being
"lifers," are to be confined in the soli
tary cells in the front .cell building un- |
til the incorrigible cells are completed.
They will then be confined in the incor
rigible cells and forced to do hard la
bor in the manufacture of grainbags
by hand at the discretion of the War
den. Cooper will lose all his credits,
besides receiving the same punishment :
as the other ringleaders. Si Loverin, !
H. M. Shaw and James Roup will be ;
confined in the Incorrigible department •
at the discretion of the Warden. Alton I
H. Gould has already forfeited all cred
its and is now confined in the prison
hospital with rheumatism. Punishment
in his case is suspended until such time
as the administering of it may be
deemed advisable. As - only eight
months' credits can be forfeited by
Cooper, King and Chevalier will lose
their credits for the same time, as it
was deemed only just to make them
lose no more than a ringleader. All the
conspirators are to be kept dressed in
red flannel shirts.
Walter Furnish and Louis Ferez
pleaded guilty to an attempt at smug
gling opium into the prison on May 8
and were deprived of all their credits.
Their cases are to be referred to Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac, with instruc
tions to prosecute both men as soon as
their terms expire in autumn. These
are the first opium smugglers detected
since the law making smuggling a fel
ony went into effect, and an example
will be made of them.
The Warden's grainbag and Jute re
ports were about the same as last
month. His financial report shows that
the sale of grainbags will leave $160,000
for the State prison fund after the jute
revolving fund is filled.
Woman Burned to Death.
LOS ANGELES, May 12. — Mrs. A.
Moore, employed as housekeeper by Hen
ry Kagel, a bee-keeper, residing near San
Fernando, was burned to death early
this morning In a. fire which also com
pletely destroyed the Kagel residence.
The cause of the fire is not at present
known and will remain a mystery until
an investigation has been made by the
Coroner. Th* building and contents were
valued at $500.
MARTIN G. AGUIRRE, Soon to Be Appointed
Warden of San Quentin Prison.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GEN. LAWTON
DEFEATS THE
INSURGENTS
Drives Followers of Aguin
aldo From the Trenches
at San Ildefonso.
——* —
ONE MAN WOUNDED
— <, —
Fresh Troops Are Being Hurried
to the Front Where the Enemy
Is Strongly Entrenched.
— —
§
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
■»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦+♦♦» »»»»»»H
I MANILA BAY, May +
+ 13 (by carrier pigeon from ♦
♦; the front). — The Filipino +
♦■ forces which were in- £
♦ '"*■
+ trenched at San Ildefonso, £
♦- -4
•♦- north of Palina_;, have -*■
+ been. driven from their po- 4.
X sition by Lawton. One X
X American was wounded in X
X the engagement. X
♦ JOHN F.BASS. X
■*- <_
_»♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦» + + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦»♦■
MANILA, May 12.— The forces of
Major General Mac-Arthur and Major
General Lawton are being; strength
ened. The insurgent troops are strongly
intrenched on both fronts.
Fresh troops are beginning to go to
the front. Two battalions of the Seven
teenth Infantry (regulars) that had
been holding the lines about the city of
Manila will join General Mac Arthur's
division at San Fernando to-morrow,
and one battalion of the same regiment
will re-enforce Major General Lawton's
division near Bacolor. These troops
will be replaced here by the Twenty
first Infantry Regiment, which arrived
from the United States on the transport
Hancock yesterday.
Captain Grant of the Utah Battery,
whose success in managing, the gun
boats Laguna de Bai and Cavadonga
has won for him the sobriquet of "The
Dewey of the Army.'' has been put in
command of the recently purchased
Spanish gunboats, the arms of which
the insurgents captured. These ves
sels are now being prepared for opera
tions on the rivers and along the coast.
The arming of the boats is being
pushed with all diligence.
FILIPINO CONGRESS
EVENLY DIVIDED
LONDON. May 12.— A special dispatch
received here from Manila says that the
Filipino Congress, now sitting at San
Isidro. is composed of fifty-six members,
of whom twenty favor peace and an equal
number are irreconcilables. The others,
holding the balance of power, are ready
to admit that absolute independence is
beyond attainment, but they demand bet
ter terms at the hands of the United
States.
«
VOLUNTEERS WORKED
BEYOND ENDURANCE
MANILA. May 12 'via Hongkong).— The
First Regiment. Nebraska Volunteer In
fantry, is taking the unusual step of re
spectfully petitioning the division com
mander, Major General Mac Arthur, to
temporarily relieve them from duty at the
front. The regiment is badly exhausted
by the campaign, in which it has taken
an active part, and not many more than
300 men of the organization are at present
fit for duty. On Sunday. last 160 men of
this regiment responded to the sick call.
The men, In view of the facts, have pre2
BUT FOUR FREE
STATES IN AFRICA
Result of the Agreement Be
tween prance and
England.
0 \ARIS, May 12.— The Chamber of Deputies to-day approved the ©
jp I J Anglo-French Niger-Nile conventions. &
B j"""^ This agreement between Great Britain and France disposes of «
§ JL hundreds of thousands of square miles of African territory, and i*
0. leaves only four recognized independent states throughout the S
§ continent— Morocco, Abyssinia, Liberia and the Congo Free State. 0
£• An important feature of the agreement provides for an equality in '29
jf> the commercial treatment of the territory between Lake Tchad and the £3
g Nile. O
•808-089388^
pared a respectful memorial to General
Ma. "Arthur, asking thai the lr regiment be
withdrawn for a short time from the
fighting line in order that they may re
cuperate. The mortal states that the
men are willing to fight but are in no con
dition to do so, owing to the strain of long
marching, continual fighting and outpost
duty, in which they have been engaged.
It Is argued that many of the- men have
been unable to have their clothing washed
for months past, having been compelled
during all that time to Bleep In their uni
forms to be in readiness for fighting. The
memorial a.'.. that since r ebruary 2 the
regiment has lost 225 men In killed and
wounded and fifty-nine since the battle
of Malolos.
The officers of the regiment propose to
present a similar memorial on behalf of
the men. The splendid record of the First
Nebraska in the entire campaign and the
tone of the memorial prepared by the men
is such that no Imputation of insubordi
nation can be brought against them. Offi
cers of the regiment said to the corre
spondent of the Associated Presahere to
day that they thought the men Tiad been
worked beyond endurance and should be
given a rest and some of the regular regi
ments now guarding the city be sent to
the front.
Five volunteer regiments and the l tan
P.atterv of Artillery are at San Fernando.
They muster in all about 2500 men. Many
of th.- soldiers are in the hospital suffer
ing from the heat or other causes. The
wounded were all suffering acutely and
showed the effects of exposure to the sun
when they arrive Three clays rest has
already worked wonders. ■■'■-,-  _
Since the army entered Malolos the
soldiers have ad little water to drink
except that brought on railway trains
from Manila, and that was of poor qual
ity The artesian wells at san Fernando
are doing much toward making the men
contented.
OTIS' LATEST LIST
OF THE CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, May 12.— War De
partment to-day received from General
Otis at Manila' the following list of casu
alties:
Wounded: First North Dakota, May 2-
Company G. Private Charles Olitad,
hand, moderate.
Thirteenth Minnesota. May B.— Major
Arthur O. Diggles. forehead, severe.
Second Oregon— Company F, Cfirporal
John G. Miller, arm. slightly.
First Montana. May S— Company X,
First Sergeant Patrick Mcßrlde, chest,
severe: Company M. Private Swltt,
puncture of forearm, severe. _, ..
Frank Smith, Company F. Thirteenth
Minnesota, reported killed on May l,
should read Frank Lewis.
Thirteenth Minnesota, April Com
pany D Private Whipplinger, wrist,
slight; G. A. T. Williams, shoulder, slight.
Third Infantry. April 29-Company
Private Edward Rae, thigh, Blight; May
11— Company I, Private Len-run Benton,
thumb, moderate. , «_,--♦_
Fourth Cavalry— I, Private
Charles Coe, thigh, moderate.
DAMAGED BY THE
ILOILO BOMBARDMENT
LONDON. May 12.-In the House of
Commons to-day the Right Hon. St. John
Broderick, Parliamentary Secretary of
Foreign Affairs, replying to a question by
John St. Clair, Radical member for For
farshire, relative to destruction of British
property by the bombardment of Hollo,
said that the Government had no Infor
mation with regard to the intention of
the United States to compensate traders.
The question of these claims, the speaker
said was under consideration by the
British Government and will not be lost
sight of. ■__
YUKON RIVER IS NOW
OPEN TO NAVIGATION
Steamer Flora Plows Her Way
Through the Floating Ice
to Dawson.
VICTORIA, May 12.— Navigation has
opened on the Yukon. The river steamer
Flora of the Lake Bennett and Klondike
Navigation Company was the first vessel
to plow her way through the floating ice
between Dawson City and Lake Lebarge.
According to news received by the steamer
Amur, which arrived this evening, the
Flora was launched at the foot of Lake
Lebarge on April 15, and two days later
she headed for Dawson City. Her prow
had been covered with steel pistes to
protect her from the floating Ice packs.
The trip was necessarily slow, lor in
places so thick was the Ice that she had
practically to cut her way through. The
vessel managed to reach the Klondike
capital after fourteen days of perilous
navigation. Site was received there with
great eclat, and after spending but one
brief day at the capital her steel-sheathed
prow" was headed up the river to fight
her way back through the drifting ice.
News or her safe arrival at Lake Lebarge
was received at Skaguay before the
Amur started. Her passengers may be
looked for on the next downward steam-
ers.
The White Pass and Chilcoot trails are
now in very bad condition and packers
have been compelled to suspend opera
„ tions. J. Haney and Alexander Banner
man of this city, who have been working
big pack trains on the Atiin trails, re
turned with their horses on the Amur.
A miner named McMillan died at the
Teepee Hotel on May 4 while en route to
FOUR MEN KILLED
AND FIVE MISSING
Fatal Collapse of a Big Heap of Coal
Refuse at Shamokin, Penn
sylvania.
SHAMOKIN. Pa., May 12.— Four men
were instantly killed to-day by a slide of
a portion of a large coal bank at Cen
tralis. Five others are missing, and are
probably dead. Several were badly in
jured. The four bodies recovered were so
badly disfigured that it was difficult to
identify them.
The accident occurred -while a large
number of Hungarians were screening
coal in the Centralis breaker. The big
bank of coal refuse which towered high
above was seen to quiver and collapse,
completely burying the men A rescuing
force immediately started to work and
succeeded In recovering the four bodies.
Two Hungarians were found wedged
in between piles of timber. They were
badly injured.
JAMES FREEMAN'S SUICIDE.
Atlin Tragedy the Result of a Family
Quarrel.
SEATTLE, May 12.— The steamer Faral
lon, which arrived to-night, brought the
details of the suicide of James Freeman
of California at Atlin on May 3. Some
months ago he had trouble with his wife
and went to" Skaguay. Later he returned
to California and tried to effect a compro
mise, but was unsuccessful. He returned
to Skaguay and she followed. Later he
went to Atlin, but being out of money and
unable to obtain work he became discour
aged and committed suicide. The Cana
dian police took charge of the body, but
later the widow appeared on the scene and
asserted her rights-
NOOSE FOR THE
MURDERER OF LINN
Claude Branton Hanged
at Eugene.
— ♦ —
EUGENE, Or.. May ' Claude
Branton was hanged to-day for the
murder of John Linn. Branton left his
cell at 10:45. and walking upon the I
scaffold unassisted he took his place j
I upon the trap. He asked the people j
present not to bear any ill will against j
his relatives on his account. The trap j
'. was sprung at 10:50. Fifteen minutes I
later the body was cut down.
The crime for which Claude Branton j
paid the penalty of death was the tak- |
' ing of the life of John Linn, a stock- ;
man of Condon, Gilliam County. In
April, IS9B, Branton and Courtland !
Green, who is now serving a life sen
tence in the penitentiary for complic
ity in the crime, left their, homes near
Walterville, Lane County, to go to
Eastern Oregon to work. Branton had
received from Linn a proposition to
' work for him herding a band of horses.
While working in Eastern Oregon
Branton and Green laid plans to mur
der Linn to get the horses and some
money which they believed he had.
They induced him to cross the moun
tains with them, representing to him
that on arriving at Branton's home at
Walterville he (Branton) would trade
• him a piece of land for an interest in
: the horses. Before starting he was
told that Branton and Green had
planned to get away with him. but he
I did not believe it.
On the night of June IV Linn rolled
; himself in his blankets near the camp
fire and went to sleep. After he had
| been asleep for some time Branton shot
him two or three times with a revol
ver and then, assisted by Green, placed
I the body on the/ fire. They remained
up all night and frequently replenished
the fire with rails until the body was-,
consumed. Then they raked the small
• pieces of bones from the ashes, tied
them in a sack and hid them.
Branton left the country, but news
,of the crime soon got out. On July 3
Courtland Green, who was arrested,
made a confession, and a search was
; immediately commenced for Branton.
In the latter part of July he returned
to Eugene and was arrested before he
knew that the story of the crime had
been made public.
SCORE OF
LIVES LOST
IN A WRECK
Continued From First Page.
John Earl. Consochten.
Harry Kantz, Norristown.
David Carney, Norristown.
A. J. Ashenfelder, Norristown, hurt
in the chest.
The second relief train left Exeter at
2:50 a. m. It brought to Reading twenty
additional bodies. The names are not
yet known. Most of the seriously in
jured were brought here on the first
train. The rest of the Injured were
taken to Pottstown and Norristown.
The northbound track has been cleared
and the first train through to this city
from Philadelphia was the Buffalo ex
press, which left Philadelphia at 11:36
p. m.
PHILADELPHIA, May 12. — The
Pottsville express, which was run into
at Exeter, arrived here fb-night with
a few of the injured. They were:
George W. Cooper. Common Council
man of the Twentieth Ward, this city,
injured about . the legs; Francis T.
Steinbeck, Camden, N. J., cut about the
head and bruised about the body; C. A.
Beaver, Philadelphia, arm bruised and
head cut; B. Barney, Philadelphia, leg.
arm and hip badly bruised.
The passengers could give no con
nected story of the wreck and the num
ber of dead and injured was not known
by any of them. The railroad officials
in this city can give no details of the
accident. They say they are ignorant
of the number of casualties.
United States Senator Penrose and
General F. B. Grubb were passengers
in the Pullman car of the wrecked
train. The rear end of the car in which
they were riding was crushed and the
two gentlemen were badly shaken. Sen
ator Penrose did not know how many
of the passengers of the rear cars were
killed or injured, but said when the
train left the scene those needing at
j tention were being cared for by phy
sicians and residents of the neighbor
! hood. He learned that several were
[ killed and many badly Injured, but as
;to the number he could not say. A few
lof those whose Injuries were, slight
came on the train to Philadelphia, but
j the train left soon after the accident
i and the more seriously injured were left
, at the scene and sent to Reading.
TRAIN COLLISION IN
UTICA RAILWAY YARDS
UTICA, N. V., May 13.— At 2:35 o'clock
this morning New York Central train
No. 33, the Southwestern limited, while
In the yard In this city, was run into
by Pan-American express train No. 31,
resulting in the destruction of a Wag
ner Car, an express car and the engine
of the latter train. The wreck caught
fire, but the flames were extinguished
by the local department. Harry Neal
of Buffalo, assistant superintendent of
the Wagner Company, was so badly
hurt that he may die. He is at a hos
pital. No one else was hurt.
Herbert Lloyd Dead.
LONDON, May 12.— Herbert Lloyd of
Edward Lloyd (Limited), proprietors of
the Daily Chronicle, is dead.
THE SAN.. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
KILLER HIS FRIEND
IN A DRUNKEN ROW
Welsh Had a Knife and
Clancy a Gun.
♦ —
WELSH WAS THE VICTIM
— ♦ —
CLANCY GAVE HIMSELF UP TO
THE AUTHORITIES.
»
Both Men Had Been Drinking Heav
ily, and the Altercation
Ended in a Mur
der.
-»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PINOLE, May. 12.— James M. Clancy
shot and killed Henry Welsh at Ro
land's blacksmith ship on San Pablo
Creek last night at 10 o'clock. Both
men had been drinking very heavily
all the evening. They became engaged
in an altercation over some trivial mat
ter. Welsh became very much excited
and drew a knife on Clancy, who tried
to escape from the building, but Welsh
jumped into the doorway and prevented
his retreat. Clancy then drew his re
volver and shot Welsh four times, kill
ing him instantly.
Both men are quite young and were
born and raised in this vicinity.
Word of the murder was brought to
the Sheriff this morning about 3 o'clock
and officers immediately started for
Orinda.
Clancy gave himself up. He claims
that the shooting was done in self-de
fense.
Roland says he was awakened by
! some one knocking on the building; he
; called out and Welsh walked in and
asked for money with which to pur
chase some wine. The old roan in
formed him that he had no money, but
gave him an order.
In the meantime Clancy had come in
I and the three then sat down to the ta
: ble, when Welsh returned and com*
j menced to drink. Just how the row
, started is not known, but the old man \
\ says that as the boys kept drinking
they became angry, and that finally
Welsh said to Clancy: "I gave your
i brother a good licking a short time ago
and I can do you up just as good."
Welsh then grabbed a butcher knife
that was on the table and made a lunge
cat Clancy. Clancy dodged the blow,
i but Welsh followed him up, and just j
i as Welsh was about to plunge the knlfa
j into Clancy, Clancy pulled his revolver
| and fired.
Clancy is said to be the son of a
I wealthy rancher.
sues for/the cost of .
A dead MAN'S grave
Bishop Montgomery Brings Action
Against the William McDer
mott Estate.
LOS ANGELES, May 12— Bishop Mont
gomery, head of the Catholic church in
Southern California, desires payment of
claim 136 due the Catholic church of this
city from the estate of William McDer
mott, who was proprietor of the Fashion
livery stable and died a year ago, leav
ing an estate valued at . $5000. Bishop
Montgomery's claim is for a dead man's
grave in the Catholic cemetery.
Mrs. Carrie McDermott, special admin
istratrix, filed a supplementary account
ing of receipts and disbursements. The
account snows that the estate, which one
year ago was valued at $5000, now has a
balance of $32 to its credit. The widow
says the funds have been handled by At
torney Albert J. Sherer. Of the $75 month
ly allowance awarded by the Probate
Court she says she received barely $200 in
a year. She testified that she could ob
tain from the estate barely enough to live
on.
A short time ago the livery stable was
sold for $1900. Of this sum the $32 re
ferred to now remains. Mrs. McDermott
says Sherer, who handled the funds, told
her that the money went ior the deDts
and expenses of the livery stable.
Attorney Zach Montgomery, represent
ing Bishop Montgomery, this morning filed
In the Superior Court a sensational at
tack upon the report of the special admin
istrator. Bishop Montgomery's objections
to the account are based on the grounds
first, that the money alleged to have been
paid out on various items was never paid
at all— that the account is false.
Mrs. Mary E. Murdock, sister of the de
ceased. In the spring of 1898 filed a con
test to the probate of William McDer
mott's will, alleging that Mrs. Carrie Mc-
Dermott was not in fact the legal wife
of William McDermott. She alleged that
at the time of her marriage to McDer
mott she had another husband living.
This contest Is yet to be heard.
DEFAULTER CROSBY IS
CAUGHT IN WYOMING
BAKERSFIELD, May 12. -Sheriff Borg
wardt has received a message from Raw
lins, Wyo., stating that the authorities
there have captured J. M. Crosby, who
is wanted here. Crosby was a drummer
for Hooker & Co. of San Francisco. On
one of his visits here he collected $500
from Stoner Brothers for his firm and
then disappeared. This was in September,
1898. He. gave a receipt for the money.
When captured he was passing under the
name of J. O. Connell. Sheriff Borgwardt
will go after him.
RAZOR WIELDERS
FORM A TRUST
White Barbers of Marysville to
Operate but Or^e Large
Shop.
© MARYSVILLE, May 12.— There is a movement on foot in this city, 9
O with the leading tonsorial artists as the promoters, to form a barbers' fi
§ trust. g
_* The proprietors of the principal shops and the men who work for «
fi them propose to incorporate a stock company, with the place of busi- #
{$ ness centrally located in Marysville. Its purpose will be shaving, hair- g
55 cutting and shampooing of, the male population, without regard to creed, §
fi race, or previous condition of servitude. ' fi
§ ' It is proposed to petition the powers that be to place a license of $50 %
S a month on the business of harboring in Marysville. By this means it m
« Is expected to crush the smaller fry, who might otherwise feel moved to fi
•3 begin operations on an independent plan. 9
fi \lt is estimated that fourteen of the leading white barbers of this 3
§ city will- get together, and that the colored operators also will com- §
85 bine, giving the town two big shops and an extra revenue of $1200 per 8$
fi annum. The capital stock of these proposed trusts is as yet a dark se- «
§ cret, but the companies will be regularly organized with all necessary oftl- §
85 clals. Each man will work on the commission plan of 60 cents on the dol- 8$
fi lar. The other 40 cents, after the paying of expenses, will be divided as &
g a dividend. Rents and all other expenses will thus be reduced to a ; g
£5 minimum. "29
fi The Donohoe building, on D street, between First and Second, is §
A mentioned as the headquarters of the combine. 9
CENSURE FOR
MAJOR CUIGNET
Divulged Secrets to the
Petit Journal.
WERE IN OFFICIAL LETTERS
— « —
EXCITING SCENES IN THE CABI
NET AT PARIS,
*
The Affair Ended With an Over
whelming Vote Expressing
Confidence in the Gov
ernment.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, May 12.— At a sitting of the
Cabinet Council in the palace of the
Elysee to-day. the President, M. Loubet,
on the suggestion of the Minister of War,
M. Camllle Krantz, signed a decree cen
suring Major Cuignet on account of his
having divulged to the Petit Journal the
contents of certain letters.
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day M.
Rene Ylvianl, Radical Socialist, ques
tioned the Government regarding the let
ters published in the Petit Journal. In
reply M. Krantz said M. Cuignet came
voluntarily to him and confessed he
gave the letters to a friend, who had
communicated them to the Petit Journal.
M. del Casse, Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, said the letters as published were
garbled and mutilated. Among mingled
cheers and hisses, M. del Casse explained
his own position in the matter, and as
serted that Major Cuignet, as a member
of the War Office, had impugned the good
faith of the Foreign Office in certain mat
ters. He (M. del Casse) therefore wrote
to M. de Freycinet. the then Minister of
War, asking apologies for the War Of
fice and showing that Major Cuignet's ac
cusations were unfounded.
The impression gained from M. del
Casse's speech was that M. de Freycinet
resigned the war portfolio instead of
making reparation. The discussion in the
Chamber ended with a vote of confidence
in the Government— 3B9 to 64. - V
In the course of his speech M.
del Casse declared that in reply
to his demand for reparation Major
Cuignet wrote regretting the publicity
given his statement, but declining to
withdraw It. M. del Casse then demanded
that translations of the Panzardissl tele
grama should be submitted to the Court
of Cassation in order that that tribunal
might determine which was correct. M.
del Casse protested against the charg3
of having dictated M. Paleologue's evi
dence and said he had only desired that
M. Pairologue prove to the court the good
faith of the Foreign Office. The trans
lation made for the Foreign Office was
covi'terslgned by M. Chanoine, Major
Cuignet and M. ' Paieologue.
It was this statement, M. del Casse con
tinued, which the Foreign Office sent to
the Ministry of War, and therefore Major
Cuignet's charge was a gratuitous false
hood, as he had himself admitted the cor
rectness of the Foreign Office's transla
tion by countersigning it.
The Nationalist Deputy Lasiez has sent
seconds to M. del Casse to demand ex
planations for the hitter's statements in
the Chamber of Deputies yesterday with
reference to M. Lasiez's attacks, to the
effect that he spurned them with his toes,
although that was more than they de
served. M. del Casse informed M. Lasiez's
seconds that he had nothing to add to
his previous remarks, and that he de
clined to appoint seconds.
M. Gross jean, a Judge of the Versailles
court and an intimate friend of Major
Cuignet, has been cited to appear before
the Superior Council of the magistracy
to-morrow to explain his participation in
the divulging of letters published in the
Petit Journal.
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle says: Sensational announce
ments regarding the preparations for the
return of Dreyfus to France toward the
end of next month continue; but the story
that ten members of the Republican
Guard and four gendarmes left Saint
Nazare on Tuesday for French Guiana to
escort him -back lacks authentication as
yet.
WARDNER PRISONERS
ARE BADLY TREATED
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 12.— The West
ern Labor Union and the Federation of
Western Miners held meetings to-day at
10 a. m. and 2 p. m. No business of public
Importance was transacted. The labor
union is still working on constitution and
by-laws and Is not nearly through with
this subject.
In the miners' meeting the committee
on by-laws completed its report, which
was adopted. The committee on griev
ances recommended changes in the card
system so that the back of the card
should show how much each holder had
paid to his union; that is, it should Indi
cate his standing.
Attorney Walter A. Jones Is here to
consult with the miners' federation con
cerning the defense of the 800 or 1000
miners under arrest in the Coeur d'Alene
mining district, charged with various
crimes, from arson to murder. He says
the condition of the prisoners is deplor
able. .There were fifteen boxcars full of
men on a sidetrack last Saturday night
when he left, and 400 or more were hud
dled in a barn.
WALLACE, Idaho. May 12.— County
Commissioners Boyle and Stimson,
charged with complicity In the recent
riots, have applied for a writ of habeas
corpus and Judge Mayhew will hear ar
guments Monday. Many have expressed
the opinion that without a declaration of
martial law by the President, the county
officers continue in pow r er. This case is
brought to settle the point. To-morrow
an order of Judge Mayhew for a special
term of the District Court to convene on
May 29 will be published. Impeachment
proceedings against the county officers
will come up first and the cases against
the alleged rioters later.
MUDLARKS WIN
EASTERN RACES
Fall of Rain Results in
Surprises.
— —
APPLEJACK OUTFOOTS RUSH
— : »
CAPTURES THE FREE HANDICAP
AT LOUISVILLE.
♦
Sacked From Forty Down to Ten to
One, Richardson Beats Jack
Martin in a Hard Drive
at Newport.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, May 12.— rainfall
caused the track to be muddy to-day and
upset expectations In all of the races but
one. The chief event on the card was the
six furlong handicap. Rush, by virtue of
past performances, was an odds-on fa
vorite. The Lady in Blue was backed
from 10 to 5 to 1, but the winner proved
to be Applejack, at 4Va to 1. Aurea, in the
second race, was backed from 20 to 10 to
1, and won easily. Results:
Five furlongs— Primate won, Custanic sec
ond. Ostra third. Time, 1:04%.
Four furlongs, selling— Aurea won, Onoto
second. Unsightly third. Time, :51%.
Six furlongs, free handicap, purse $400—
Applejack won, Rush second, Kentucky Colonel
third. Time, l:18Vi- » - -, ,
One mile, selling— Deerlng won, Joe Clark
second, Monongah third. Time, 1:48.
Four and a half furlongs— won, Lem
Ferguson second, Hansford third. Time. :>\,.
One mile, selling— Frank Waters wort.
Monk Wayman second. Pan Charm thud.
Time, I:47>_. k •' -rt."
CHICAGO, May Weather it Lakeside
Showery. Track fast. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Eschscholtzia won,
Mission second, Ravenswood third. Time, :57%.
Six furlongs, selling— Meddler won, Maceo
second, Little Ringer third. Time, I: ls^_.
One mile, selling— Myth won, Marito second,
Admetus third. Time. 1:42%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— lack
won, Thanksgiving second, Curassie third.
Time. 1:23^.
One mile— Frank Thompson won, Donna Rita
second, Hosi third. Time, 1:43%.
Six furlongs, selling— Wild West won, First
Pool second. Cherry Bounce third. Time,
1:16%.
CINCINNATI, May 12.— Richardson, backed
down from 40 to 1 to 10 to 1, won the third race
at Newport to-day In a hard drive from Jack
Martin. Weather rainy. Track sloppy. Re
sults:
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Johnny
Williams won, Manzanllla second. Marietta
third. Time. 1:11%.
Seven furlongs— Monodour won, Beana sec
ond, Etta Stevens third. Time, l:32Vi.
One mile, selling— Richardson won. Jack Mar
tin second. Libation third. Time, l:4"Vi.
Four and a half furlongs— Strathbroeek won.
Princess Maleen second, Aileen Wilson third.
Time. :58%.
Six and a half furlongs— Carlotta C won, Tobe
Payne second. Sister Jane third. Time, 1:35%.
One mile, selling— Kriss • Kringle won, Carl C
second. King Bermuda third. Time, 1:44%.
SLOAN WINS ON BERZAK.
Alexandria Handicap Captured by
Lord William Beresford's Horse.
LONDON, May 12,— At the first day's
racing of the Fatwick spring meeting to
day Tod Sloan, riding Lord William
Beresford's five-year-old chestnut horse
I Berzak, won the Alexandria handicap of
j 1000 sovereigns. Saint Noel was second
j and Northern Farmer third. Eight horses
ran six furlongs. The betting was 11 to
i 8 against Berzak.
Lord William Beresford's black gelding
Blacksmith, ridden by Sloan, won the
Worth stakes of lO sovereigns and 200
added. J. H. Locke's Parton was second
and Leopold de Rothschild's Hulcot was
: third. Four horses ran. The betting was
6 to 4 against Blacksmith.
PHILADELPHIA TWICE
DEFEATS THE GIANTS
St. Louis Wins From Cleveland and
Brooklyn Shuts Out the
Senators.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
St. Louis 16 5 .762 Baltimore ...11 12 .478
Philadelphia. l 6 7 .696 Louisville ... 9 11 .4.-..)
Chicago 15 7 .682 New York... 9 12 .429
Brooklyn ....14 8 .636 Pittsburg ... 7 13 .3.
Cincinnati ..12 8 .600 Washington.. 4 IS .182
Boston 13 10 .565|Cleveland ... 3 18 .143
PITTSBURG, May 12.— Although Cincinnati
had but one hit more than Pittsburg, the
home team at no time came within sight of
victory. Attendance, 1800. Score:
Clubs— R, H. E.
Pittsburg 17 5
Cincinnati 5 8 1
Batteries— Payne, Sparks and Bowerman;
Taylor and Peltz. Umpires— Hunt and Con
nolly. HS9-S
PHILADELPHIA. May 12.— The Phillies cap
tured both games from New. York, the victories
being due to superior batting. In the first
game the Giants failed to score. Thomas
played a sensational game in center in the
second game and Davis led at the bat for New
York with a home run and a double. Attend
ance, 7784. Score of first game:
Clubs— V'R. :H. E.
New York 0 7 1
Philadelphia 11 15 2
Batteries— Doheny and Grady: Eraser and
McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 4 6 2
Philadelphia... 7 14 3
Batteries— Meekln and Warner; Wheeler and
Douglass. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
CLEVELAND. May 12.— old Clevelands
and the alleged Clevelands played a rattling
good game to-day in the presence of 200 peo
ple. It was nip and tuck and a tie from the
eighth until the tenth inning, when McKean
made a home run and won for St. Louis.
Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 9 0
St. Louis 5 11 1
Batteries— Carsey and Zimmer; Wilson and
Criger. Umpires— O'Day and Brennan.
NEW YORK, May Washington was shut
out to-day at Washington Park, Brooklyn,
through their Inability to hit Kennedy and
sharp fielding on the part of the Brooklyns.
Dlneen pitched good ball, but a series of
bunched hits won the game for Brooklyn. At
tendance, 3313. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 0 4 1
Brooklyn 3 7 1
Batteries— Dineen and McGuire; Yeager and
Farrell. Umpires— and McDonald.
BOSTON, May 12.— The features of to-day's
ball game were a double play by Tenney, Long
and Tenney and Stahl's running pick-up of. a
ball ln right field. McKenna pitched well for
Baltimore but received poor support, while
costly errors ' were made by Magoon and
Holmes. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— '.: ii-'. R. H. E.-
Boston 7 9 3
Baltimore 6 8 5
Batteries— Lewis, Willis and Bergen; Mc-
Kenna and Robinson. Umpires— Gaffney and
Andrews. ••
DEATHS AT tfILROY.
Harris D. Martin and Richard Lassa
Pass Away.
GILROY. Ma>; 12.— Harris D. Martin, a
farmer of Canada Valley, died early this
morning from the effects of injuries re
ceived while mounting a horse a few days
ago. The horn of the saddle struck him
in the abdomen, causing peritonitis. Last
evening an operation was performed, but
it was too late to save his life. Mr. Mar
tin came here three years ago from Daw
son County, Georgia, where he served
twelve years as County Assessor. He was
60 years of age.'
Richard Lassa, aged 70 years, who
served the city for years as Chief of the
Fire Department and as Councilman, is
dead. He was in feeble health for some
FOUR MEN FELL
TO THE REAPER
They Meet With a Fatal AccideQt
in a Colliery in Per^n
sylvarjia.
© /*-> ENTRALIA, Pa.. May 12.— accident at the Centralia colliery to- •
g I day resulted in the death of four men and the fatal injury of two &
%} I others. Six others sustained cuts and bruises. *-,
£5 L> The killed are: JAMES GAUGHLIN, JOHN KOKO. JOSEPH 9
g SANCHECK, JOHN COMYOCK. £
$ The fatally injured are: John Collins, George Fetterko. g
SS Sixteen men were employed in removing dirt from the bank.^ which 2*
S- is seventy-five feet high, when a slide occurred, completely covering '■■£
0 them. Men hurried to the scene with shovels and aided in recovering §
2? the killed and injured. Tons of dirt had to be removed before the last 25
O man was taken from the death trap. -O
.* •■-"• c *
82052052 052052 .< 52 0. 52052 052052052052520520.52 052052 052 O 52 v 520,52 052052052Q
OUR ISSUES
WITH CANADA
Prospect of a Treaty to
Settle Matters.
— ♦ —
LONDON, May 12.— With reference
to negotiations by the Washington
joint commission, the correspondent
here of the Associated Press has ob
tained from the highest quarters the
following authoritative statement:
"Negotiations have never been broken
off nor endangered at any time since
the adjournment of the commission. If
matters proceed as smoothly as they
are at present proceeding here Sir
Julian Pauncefote's return to Washing
ton will be signalized by the conclusion
of a treaty embracing every question
in dispute in a manner honorable and
pleasing to the two countries."
Due notice has been taken by the
officials here of the semi-official declar
ation from London respecting the
chances for the conclusion of a treaty
that will settle all of the questions at
issue 'between the United States and
Canada. All that can be said is that
the administration will be extremely
gratified if Sir Julian Pauncefote re
turns to the United States with instruc
tions which will meet the difficulties
which baffled the first committee, for,
as matters stand, it is realized that
nothing can be expected to result from
further meeting of the commission.
The statement that negotiations are
to be deferred until the return of Sir
Julian Pauncefote to Washington is re
garded as significant. It confirms fully
the original statement that the com
mission cannot meet until August next,
but the Embassador's return to this
country was set for autumn.
The dispatch also appears to convey
an intimation that the British Govern
ment has about reached the conclusion
that the only method by which these
vexatious issues can be adjusted is by
direct negotiations between the repre
sentatives of the governments of Great
Britain add the United States.
The parties to the negotiations up to
this point have expressed perfect con
fidence in their ability to reach a satis
factory agreement between themselves
in a very short period of time if allowed
to do what they believe right, so they
will be glad to be relieved of the inter
vening forces. "■;■ '■■:., '■-■
COLLAPSE OF A
REVIEWING STAND
Four Thousand People Thrown in a
Heap and Many Badly
Injured.
'PARIS, Tex., May 12.— A reviewing
stand upon which were seated 4000 per
sons witnessing a display of fireworks
fell with a crash this evening and great
numbers of people were injured, some
ADVERTISEMENTS,
44 From Sun to Sun
Woman s Work
is Never Done/ 9
There is no wonder, therefore, that
women get tired and nervous* The constant
care and never ceasing round of duties wear
away nerve strength as well as physical
fiber* There is sleeplessness, loss of appetite,
extreme nervousness, and a constant tired
feeling* But a wonderful change comes
when Hood's Sarsaparilla is taken* The
pure, rich, nourishing blood which it makes -
feeds the nerves and tones the whole system*
Pure Blood— "My work was fay l Nervous —"Disagreeable catarrhal
merly a burden, but now it is a pleasure, i droppings in my throat made me nervous
and all because Hood's Sarsaparilla gave me j and dizzy. My liver was torpid. Hood's
new, pure blood. I now have good color j Sarsaparilla corrected both troubles. My
and eat welL" Mrs. Alfred A. Howard, j health is very good" Mr* Elvira J.
105 Summer St,, Taunton, Mass. j Smiley, 292 Main St., Auburn, Me,
Run Down— "l was weak, had no j Tired Feeling— "My appetite was
appetite, nervous and completely rundown capricious, my liver disordered and I was
Tried many remedies, but nothing helped tired. Hood's Sarsaparilla relieved it all.
me until I used Hood's Sarsaparilla, which It cured a friend of mine of female weak"
cured me." Mrs. W. Marks, 27 Henry St., ness." Mrs. Jessie A Mearns, Clayton, Del.
Binghamton. N. Y. Sick Headache-"Dizziness. loss o f
Neuralgia— "l had dreadful neural- appetite and sick headache made me dis"
gia, miserable for months. Neighbors told couraged. Hood's Sarsaparilla made me
me to use Hood's Sarsaparilla i it cured me better at once. Would not be without it*
perfectly." Mrs. Fred Turner, Barre, Vt Mrs. Mary Swenson, Rutland, Vt
Hood's Tills care liver ills ;- the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla*
probably fatally. The names of a num
ber of the injured are:
Ivon Martin, internally, probably fa
tally; John Fitzhugh, broken arm; Lar
kin Hunt, ex-City Marshal, badly bruised:
Kittie Littlej^hn, colored, probably fatal
ly; L. F. Baker, jaw broken.
The display was the- closing entertain
ment of the Firemen's invention.
SAN JOSE NORMAL
SCHOOL SHAKE-UP
Changes Likely to Be Made When the
New Board of Trustees Takes
Charge.
SAN JOSE. May 12.— A1l kinds of rumors
are afloat about the disposal of patronage
in the State Normal School and Agnews
Asylum now that Governor Gage has
made his appointments for these two in
stitutions. The naming of Frank Short
of Fresno, F. J. Leavitt of Oakland,
George W. Pierce of Davisville and Dr.
H. C. Brown and George Sweigert of this
city as Normal Trustees means a shaking
up in the school. Professor C. W. Childs.
who was removed by ex-Governor Budd
from the princlpalshlp, will undoubtedly
be given his old position. Professor Ran
dall, who succeeded Childs, must go. as
will two or three of the teachers. While
the trustees were named to suit "Boss"
I Rea, it is said most of them are pledged
to Childs. There are two others who have
; been mentioned for the principalship of
j the school— A. E. Shumate, principal of
| the local high school, and Maurice Daily
of Fresno. Childs is a member of the
Republican Good Government League,
and this is about all the reward that or
; ganization will receive at the hands of
; Gage.
Adolph Greeninger, who is named to
j succeed Frank Gould as manager in the
; Agnews Asylum board, is one of the most
! prominent men in the county. For over
twenty years he served as Supervisor, and
his appointment meets general approval.
j Politicians, however, claim his appoint
; ment is a victory for Rea, as Greeninger
will side with Trustees Hale and Curnow,
whose connection with the "gang" is well
established. In that case Trustees White
and Upham will have little patronage to
divide. Dr. Sponogle probably will be re
• tamed as medical director.
STARTER.- IN THE INAUGURAL.
Entries and Weights for the St. Louis
Opening Handicap.
ST. LOUIS, May 12.— T0-morrow marks
j the opening of the fair grounds racing
I season, and turf interest is centered in
the Inaugural, the feature event of the
opening day. It is the fourth race on the
j card, and the track will be heavy. An
: even dozen appear in the entries, but
| only seven or eight may start, and they,
i with their weights and pilots, are as fol
i lows:
! "What-er L0u...... ...118 '.. ......Ur Shields
I Leo Planter... 100 Southard
i Fervor 110 Holden
Branch 95 Powell
Crockett 116 T. Murphy
Macy 119 Burns
Basquil 1"3 E. Jone3
Dunois 119 Rutter
Dr. Shepard 115 Thorpe
The other entries are Evelyn Bird, 80;
Glen Race, 89.
The judges' stand, as last year, will be
i occupied by Messrs, Murphy and Price,
! and William Bruen will do the starting.
! Jockey Tommy Burns, with John Schorr
! Jr.. arrived this evening from the East.
j Hughey Jones and Jockeys Piggott,
j Thorpe and Devin and others arrived to-
I day from San Francisco. Barney Schrei
! ber has arrived from San Francisco, and
1 has a large band of two-year-olds that
i he will race here. The fair grounds sta
j bles are filled to overflowing with 2500 of
I the cream of the Western thoroughbred*.DEWEY SAYS
HIS HEALTH
IS FAILING
Reason for the Admiral's
Return by Way of
• Suez Canal.
— ♦
HE IS TO START SOON
— * —
Flagship Olympia to Be Docked at
'Hongkong Before Returning
to America.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦"♦'♦■♦■ + +♦♦♦♦
♦ CHICAGO, May 12.— Judging ♦
♦ from a cablegram received to- ♦
■♦■ day from Admiral Dewey his ♦
+ health, despite medical assur- -♦■
+ ance to the contrary, is not of +
+ the best and to this fact is due -♦-
+ his probable return by way of -f
♦ the Suez canal instead of the ♦
-♦■ Pacific Coast route. The mes- ♦
-♦- sage is as follows: ♦
+ Illinois Manufacturers' Associa- +
-♦- tion, Chicago: Many thanks. Imf -f
-♦■ possible to accept invitation now. ♦
+ Condition of health necessitates +
+ rest and quiet. DEWEY. +
-f The cablegram was in reply -f
■f to "one sent by the association ♦
■♦- asking the admiral to become its •♦■
-f guest upon his return to this +
-♦■ country", and strongly urging on -♦-
+ him the advisability of coming >
♦ by way of San Francisco and ♦
+ across the continent. +
♦ +
+ + 4.4.4. + 4. + + 4..H.4.4.4. + + +
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, May 12.— flagship
Olympia, with Admiral Dewey, will
start on her return to America via the
Suez canal next week. The Olympia
will stop at Hongkong, where she will
A be docked.
Captain Barker, who has been in
command of the Oregon, commands the
ileet at present, on the flagship Balti
more. Lieutenant Eberle is flag lieu
tenant. Captain Wildes of the Boston
assumes command of the Oregon.
Captain Whiting leaves on the Boston
for America,
SUGGESTS THAT A FUND
BE RAISED FOR DEWEY
NEW YORK, May 12.— New
York Times in an editorial entitled
"What Shall We Do for Dewey?" to
morrow will say:
What shall we do for the man who has
dons much for up That Is the question
which has for a long time been agitating
the American people. It Is quite true
that, according to our precedents, we
have not been niggardly In recognition
of the great services of "Commodore"
Dewey, as he was a year ago. But there i
is a persistent and prevailing feeling that
we ought to do more; that the Ameri
can nation in some unofficial and sponta
neous way should recognize the services
of Dewey as the British nation recognized
the services of Wellington when it pre
sented him with the estate of Strathfield- ■
say. Evidently it will not do to make up :
any "exclusive" acknowledgment of the
services of an American hero, to whom
all Americans feel equally grateful. Evi
dently it will not do to leave him at the I
mercy of a group of millionaires, Evl- j
dently it will not do to exclude from the
national testimonial to the admiral any
American citizen who desires to bear his
part In it. Why not appeal directly to
the public through its immediate organs
and agents, the newspapers, which get
their living by representing Its senti
ments?
There are some 20,000 periodicals in the i
United States which are entitled to trans
mission as such through the malls.
Among them are 2119 daily papers, which
represent most immediately and most ac
curately the sentiment of the United
States. Let us assume that only a fourth
part of thes<- are In a position to act as ;
collecting and distributing agents for a
national Dewey testimonial, and that
each one of those 500 is willing to pledge
Itself to the collection from Its readers
nnd the transmission to the appointed
trustees of the sum of $500 for that fund.
Surely this estimate is moderate enough
and surely the amount of each Individual
subscription, which must be strictly fixed
and limited. Is moderate enough to pre- j
vent any newspaper from exploiting the
admiral for the purpose of advertising
Itself. And yet the aggregate of the sub
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V-" * There is too little
/{v_eref^Hii-c_Q_H i/ preaching of the
/ L yfr^ 'v_l_9_:A / gospel of health. It
/ i fc?_? ' __-_-» /' s tne ' ast thing that
I « [ F^\V^\y anyone thinks of
l Ir- »^^ ' \---V teaching, either to a
\ ' 7/ \ V I'rvSrl man " cm^ or woman-
Nil ] I ffe/4f/ child. It is one of the
SMn Vnv it most important branch-
Va"_>> VI IS of an education.
*rfw\M j|\ Without health, a man
*_«Vll Yv'.'iwill be a business, and a
yMI IVt j Roman a social failure.
YyMi II l whpn the bod y of either
A jy«S> I _f a man or a woman is prop-
y'Jp'fl i "jerly nourished, the result
Vw_n 1 is the enjoyment of good
I*9 H\ health. Almost all ill-health
*_.§*! 1 1 ■ !* s ue to improper or '"'
17/' lII* sufficient nourishment. If
T^v^_/jL^ the stomach is right and the
W"" liver is right, the blood will
receive its normal supply of the life-giving
elements of the food and the body will be
properly nourished. Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery acts directly upon the
stomach and liver. It purifies and enriches
the blood. It is the great blood-maker,
flesh-builder, nerve tonic and restorative.
It promotes the natural activity of the en-
tire nutritive organism. It puts an end
to the slow starvation that is at the base of
many diseases. It does not make flabby
fat like cod liver oil, but firm, muscular*
tissues. It does not make corpulent peo-
ple more corpulent but builds up the sys-
tem to the normal standard.
" I was run down with nervous prostration and
female weakness and kidney trouble," writes
Mrs. Maranda Ramsey, of Smartt, Warren Co.,
Term. "My bowels were constipated. My
whole system was wrecked. My friends thought
I woulcl die. I had read of Dr. Pierces medi-
cines and sent for the 'Golden Medical Dicov-
ery,' ' Favorite Prescription ' and ' Pleasant Pel-
lets.' In one week's time I began to sit up. In
two weeks I could sit up all day. after being so
bad that I had to be helped in and out of bed. I
have taken four bottles of ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery ' -and two of Favorite Prescription ' and
am in better health than I have been for years."
Constipation is the father of all manner
of maladies. If it did not exist, or was in
all cases promptly relieved, the majority of
medical books could be safely destroyed,
kit is the easiest sickness to neglect and the
to cure. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation every time. Th-y
cure it promptly, completely and perma-
nently. They never gripe. They don't get
you out o nights. One "Pellet" is a
gentle laxative, and two a mild* cathartic.
Druggists keep nothing else "just as good."
DEWEY WILL RETURN
BY ANOTHER ROUTE
3 * DMIRAX. GEORGE DEWEY has finally set at rest the widely dls
t> A cussed question as to which route he will take in his Journey to
3 LA this country. The hero of Manila has sent the following to his
I __\__ Honor Mayor Phelan in reply to the latter's invitation asking
» him to be the guest of the people of this coast when he sets foot
3 again on American soil:
I MANILA, May 1 1, 1899.
. Mayor Phelan, San Francisco: With sincere thanks,
_ I must decline the hospitality of the Pacific Coast. Condi
d tion of my health makes absolute rest and quiet imperative.
_ DEWEY.
0 WASHINGTON, May 12.— Secretary of the Navy Long has made the
* following reply to Mayor Phelan relative to the return of Admiral
j> Dewey :
0 My Dear Sir: I am In receipt of your telegram with regard to the return
X of Admiral Dewey and expressing your desire that he come home by way of
* San Francisco and across the continent. The time of his return has not yet
5 been fixed, and the department has taken no other action than t<r authorize
■♦• his return whenever the conditions of the Peace Commission shall permit.
0 As to the route he shall take in returning the department is inclined to leave
*> it to him. He has served with such great ability and must necessarily feel
0 so much the effect of bis arduous labors in the trying climate and under the
* trying circumstances 'that the department is disposed to let him govern him
§, self in this respect entirely by the consideration of his own personal con
_ venience. ■;{:.■■■--.
f> Permit me to express the satisfaction I feel in the recognition which you
? and other cities of the country are extending to an officer of the navy who has
2 rendered such conspicuous services. Very truly yours, JOHN D. LONG.
9ro • o- o «>o *o <?>o <*o ■$ o#o<*>o^>o^o>s" o <*>o<£o<S"o<s>o3>o <$>o <s>o <s>o<e>o-®>o<3>o<e>o4
scriptions would be $250,000. Half of this
should go to the erection of a residence
for the admiral in whatever place In the
United States he might prefer to put It,
and the other half for his personal use.
As a matter of fact we believe that
more than the number of periodicals we
have named would be willing and eager
to be included in the project. There is no
reason why the aggregate should not be
correspondingly increased, with the rig
orous limitation of each individual sub
scription to $500, so that there should be
no taint of self-seeking or of advertising
in the affair. This would be truly a na
tional and popular subscription. The admi
ral would not be at liberty to refuse it,
since it would not be the creation of an
obligation on bis part, but only the rec
ognition of an obligation on the part of
the nation. He would not be able to re
fuse it if the whole amount were depos
ited, as it could and should.be deposited,
subject to his order, before his arrival
upon his native shores. ;'•';
The President of the United States, the
Secretary of State and the Secretary of
the Treasury would be appropriate cus
todians of the fund and their willingness
to assume its custody may be taken for
granted.
ADMIRAL WATSON WILL
SAIL NEXT TUESDAY
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Admiral
Watson will sail from San Francisco
next Tuesday as a passenger on one
of the regular Pacific Mail steamships,
but cannot possibly reach Manila be
fore the middle of June. Orders have
been issued placing Captain A. S. Bar
ker in command of the Asiatic sauad
ron after Admiral Dewey's departure
until relieved by Rear Admiral Wat
son.
Captain Barker is now ln command
of the battleship Oregon, the pride of
the navy, and next to Admiral Dewey
is the senior officer on the station. He
is an officer of ability and discretion
and may be depended on to take good j
care of the interests of the United
States. He was assistant chief of the
Bureau of Navigation during Admiral
Ramsey's term of office and a member j
of the naval war or strategy board
during the Spanish war. At the close j
of the war he relieved Captain Clark j
of command of the battleship Oregon
and took that magnificent warship j
from New York around the Horn j
to Callao, Peru, and thence by
way of Honolulu to Manila, where she
arrived several weeks ago. As soon as
relieved of the command of the Asiatic
squadron by Rear Admiral Watson,
about the middle of June, Captain Bar
ker will start for home under a leave
of absence granted a few days ago.
SUITS AGAINST UNION
BANK STOCKHOLDERS
Seventy-Seven Persons Made Defend
ants in Actions Begun by the
K;nty-Seven Persons Made Defend
nts in Actions Begun by the
Depositors.
SAN JOSE, May 12.— The first of a series
of suits to be v brought against the stock
holders of the defunct Union Savings
Bank was filed to-day In Justice Wallace's
court by Attorney J. R. "Welch, who rep
resents the organized depositors of that
institution. It is brought in the names
of C. W. Childs, B. G. Hurlburt, Luis
Argues, H. T. Besse and F. F. Britton.
The plaintiffs are Elizabeth Angus, How
ard A. Alexander, W. T. Adel and sev
enty-four others.
The complaint Is undoubtedly the larg
est ever filed In a Justice Court in this
State. It consists of ninety-four pages
of closely printed matter, containing
about 125.000 words. There are 366 dis
tinct counts, with amounts ranging from
$20 to $3000. The defendants hold less than
twenty shares of- bank stock each, and
they are asked to pay $16 50 per share, the
ntv Bhares of bank stock each, and
f are asked to pay $16 50 per share, the
pro rata of their liability to the deposit
ors. In all about $10,000 is demanded.
Attorney "Welch will also bring two
other actions against the stockholders in
the Superior Court in the next ten days.
The first will contain ninety-four defend
ants, all stockholders owning over twenty
shares. The liability of the stockholders
In this action will be the same as in the
other— sl6 50 per share. •.••/-"
The third suit will be against 125 stock
holders who acquired their stock within
the last three years. In all three suits
it is sought to recover $100,000 due de
positors.
SAYS POLITICS WILL
RUN NORMAL SCHOOLS
Assemblyman Pierce Denounces the
Law Regulating Appointments
of Presidents.
SACRAMENTO. May 12.— The Bee to
night publishes an interview with As
semblyman Pierce of Yolo, who was ap
pointed yesterday by the Governor as
one of the board of trustees of the State
Normal School at San Jose, in which he
declares that the law passed by the last
Legislature giving the appointment of
Normal School presidents into the hands
of local boards means that politics prob
ably will run the schools in the future
and* that he deprecates the change. \:
CONTRACT IS LET FOR
STANFORD'S NEW CHAPEL
Two Hundred Thousand Dollars the
Estimated Cost of the
Edifice.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 12.—
The contract for the new chapel was let
this morning to J. D. McGillivray. He is
at nresent in San Francisco. The chapel
will cost about $200,000. It will be In the
form of a cross 165' feet long, 150 feet wide,
with arms 54 feet across with rounded
ends. The tower In the center will be 160
feet high. . ' ""
Crushed Under Car Wheels."
SUISUN, May 12.— passenger train
No. 3 was pulling into Suisun last evening
two young men 'who .were Tiding on the
baggage car jumped off before the cars
reached the platform. One landed safely,
but the other fell. His foot was caught
by the train wheels and crushed, render
ing, amputation necessary this morning.
He was taken to the County Hospital.
He Is about 19 years of age and gives the
name • of John" Kenny, saying he resides
at 614 Jessie street, San Francisco* ' * ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
WILL CARE FOR
THEIR OWN DEAD
President's Suggestion
Declined.
— • —
CHARLESTON, S. C, May 12.— With
a spirited and at times stormy session
the ninth annual reunion of the United
Confederate Veterans' Association was
to-day brought to a close. General
John B. Gordon, commander-in-chief,
and all the old officers were re-elected.
Louisville, Ky., was chosen as the next
place of meeting and the question of
Federal care of Confederate graves was
disposed of by the adoption of a sub
stitute resolution which declines the
President's suggestion, except as to
those graves located in the North, and
reserving to the women of the South
the duty of caring for those in the se
ceding States and Maryland. The
adoption of this resolution and the re
port that accompanied it precipitated
a debate which verged upon the sensa
tional, and at times much confusion
and disorder prevailed.
General Stephen D. Lee presented
the report of the committee on history,
which was unanimously adopted. This
was one of the most important matters
before the convention and the reading
of the report was listened to with close
attention. The report alluded to the
war with Spain as a factor in eradicat
ing the shadows of the war between
the States. It refers to the prompt
response of the Southern States to the
call for troops as showing to the whole
country the depth and fervor of South
ern patriotism. Continuing the report
says :
President McKinley displayed the spirit
of the American soldier when he chose
from bis former foes the gallant Wheeler,
the steadfast Fitzhugh Lee. the chivalrous
Butler and many others of our own
brave comrades, to marshal the hosts of
the Union. We are glad General Wheeler
had another opportunity to exhibit the
righting qualities of the Confederate sol
diers and that Lieutenant Hobson, Lieu
tenant Blue and Ensign Worth Bagley
In the navy showed the country of what
stuff our young men are made. Once more
the blood of the North and the South has
been poured out together— no longer be
neath contending standards in the bitter
ness of war between the States, but now
beneath one Hag, to the glory of the
country. These dead, at least, belong to
us all. The last hateful memory that
could divide our country is buried with
them. About their graves kneels a new
nation, loving all her children everywhere
the same.
Alluding to the question of Confed
erate graves the report says:
The recent generous words of President
McKinley commending the Confederate
dead to the nation's care, are the expres
sions of a sentiment growing everywhere
that the deeds of the Confederate soldier
are the glory of the whole country, and
that his memory is worthy to be cherished
wherever self-sacrifice commands sym
pathy or brave actions strike a respon
sive chord in noble hearts.
The committee also alludes to the
race question and expresses the opinion
that the "race problem is not apt in
the future to be so blinding to a true
apprehension of Southern history," and
says:
"The recent movement to put the
supremacy of the more educated and
capable race upon a constitutional and
legal basis, thus banishing the specter
of misrule from our borders, is steadily
gaining progress." Continuing the re
port says:
The reception given our benevolent In
tentions in the Philippines is certainly of
a character likely to inspire a wholesome
respect. We are not likely in the future
to hear so much about the right of men
who have not yet learned to govern them
selves to govern others by their votes.
The doctrine of the Declaration of Inde
pendence, that governments derive their
just powers from the consent of the gov
erned, had something of a shock in the
war between the States, and the island
subjects of the United States will find lit
tle comfort in reading that celebrated in
strument by the light of subsequent his
tory. The difficulties of the race prob
lem abroad ought to bring a charitable
judgment of the same thing here at home,
and we may reasonably expect our North
ern brethren to meet us hereafter rather
in a spirit of inquiry than of rebuke. ■■:- »-;
The convention adjourned sine die at
2:15 p. m.
Td-night at the Auditorium a grand
reception to the veterans was held and
an address was delivered by Colonel
Henry L. Turner of Chicago, command
ing the First Illinois Regiment. Colonel
Turner has been the guest of the city
during the reunion. A brilliant ball
was given to the sponsors, maids of
honor and daughters of the' Confe
deracy. The veterans and visitors . are
rapidly departing.
JUST SAVE!' HIMSELF.
David Jacks Owes His Life to His
Presence of Mind.
MONTEREY, May 12.— The Monterey
capitalist, David Jacks, narrowly escaped
death at Salinas while trying to board
the detached caboose of a freight train
to-day. He found the steps of the caboose
too high for him to reach from the ground
and began climbing over, the bumper on
the front end of the caboose. Just then
the train backed some disconnected cars
down to the caboose, and he would
have been crushed to atoms only he real
ized his dangerous position and threw
himself backward off the track. He
fell on the ground just as the train came
together. He suffered no. injuries beyond
a few bruises, and Is now quite recovered
from the shock. r. - v
Ordered to the Grant.
WOODLAND, May 12.— Dr. Dickenson
has been appointed physician and sur
geon in the revenue service. On Tuesday
evening he received orders to report on
board the revenue cutter Grant,' at Seat
tle, for duty,
THIEF BRUTALLY
BEATS A WOMAN
San Clemente Rancher's
Wife Attacked.
. — ♦ — •
KNOCKED DOWN BY ASSAILANT
■ ■ — —
TWICE HURLED FROM A PORCH
TO THE GROUND.
*.
Should the Criminal Be Captured the
Citizens May Take His Pun
ishment Into Their Own
Hands.
— . »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 12.— Mrs. Joseph
Silvera, the wife of a prosperous dairy
man living near San Clemente, was at
tacked last evening by an unknown
man, for whom the authorities are now
diligently searching. The unfortunate
woman was seriously injured and will
not recover from the effects of her
rough treatment for many days.
Early in the evening a stranger
walked into the house and asked for
something to eat. He was well dressed
and at first his appearance aroused no
apprehension. As soon as he had fin
ished eating he arose and demanded
that Mrs. Silvera produce all the money
and jewels on the premises. A refusal
infuriated the ruffian, who sprang upon
Mrs. Silvera and choked her. She was
then dragged out the front door and
hurled from the porch to the ground.
Despite her bruises, the plucky woman
ran back into the house after her as
sailant, who was opening the drawers
of a bureau. With an oath he struck
her on the face, felling her to the floor.
She was again dragged into the yard
and left lying unconscious.
When Silvera returned home thirty
minutes later he found his wife hardly
able to move on account of her bruised
condition, while her cheek was discol
ored from the blow. A physician was
summoned and the authorities notified,
but so far no trace of the malefactor
has been discovered. It is believed that
he is an ex-convict who has been plant
ing opium along the line of the new
Tiburon boulevard, as his description
tallies with that of the man seen skulk
ing in the brush near San Clemente the
j day Captain Birlem's men detected two
i convicts attempting to smuggle the
I drug into San Quentin Prison. The mi
i dignation aroused by the assault and
attempted robbery is so strong that if
the criminal is captured he will be in
i danger of summary punishment.
EAGER TO LEAVE
KOTZEBUE SOUND
Sad Experience of Gold
Seekers.
— « —
SKAGUAY, May 5 (via Seattle, May
12.)— Fysh and W. Williams
reached Dawson on April 15 on foot
from Kotzebue Sound. Fysh and Wil
liams formed two of a party of eight
een who left lowa last summer and
joined the big rush which landed 2000
people on the various rivers of Kotze
bue Sound. The party established win
ter .quarters 300 miles up the Kowak
River. After untold hardships and la
bor, they decided that there was no
gold in the country. On February 19
Fysh and Williams struck out over the
divide to Koyukuk, thence to Dawson,
a distance of 1500 miles.
Mr. Fysh reports that Kotzebue
Sound is thickly peopled with an intelli
gent race of Indians closely resembling
the Japanese in habits and physique.
The principal diet heretofore has been
dried salmon, but the abundance of
white man's food last summer was the
cause ef laying away less than half a
crop of salmon. The result this winter
was that the illy nourished natives
have been dying' off like sheep. He
says the opening of the Bering Sea
will see the exodus of the last white
man and only a scattering of cabins
will mark the scene of one of the most
disastrous gold hunting expeditions
since Cortes landed on the coast of
Florida.
"■. W. I. Siegel, a United States mall car
rier, arrived from Dawson to-day with
165 pounds of mail matter from points
on the American side of the Yukon,
commencing at St.. Michael.
Captain Wallace Langley returned
from Victoria to-day with a grant for
the construction of the Atlin Short
Line Railway* and : Navigation Com
pany, a narrow gauge road of two and
a quarter miles to connect steamboat
navigation between Lake Bennett and
Atlin. c ' , '. -
Thomas C. Bennett, purser of the
steamer Nora, who killed James Cowie
at White Horse Rapids last August,
has been acquitted of the charge of
murder. .'.'Vr^V, -'^ b^-r '~7l : '':\
John Nelson of San Diego. Cal., died
at Dawson from scurvy on. April 13.
E. D. Stratford, special agent of the
United States Land Office, is here to
make a selection of sites for. a. public
building. From here he goes to Sitka.
The Skaguay Chamber of Commerce
last night sent official invitations to
President McKinley, the Secretary of
the Interior and the American members
of the High Joint Commission to visit
Skaguay this summer to study the
boundary question x and- the j need of
some sort of self-government.
Norman Rant, ex-Gold Commissioner
of the Atlin district, who arrived from
Victoria to-day. brings an order from
Minister of Mines Humes to the effect
that the opening of the mining season
is to be extended from June 1 to July 1.
He also brings word that Humes would
come up before the end of the month
with a commission of arbitration, be-
fore which all controversies ■ about
ownership of claims in Atlin district
are to be settled. :
VOTING MACHINE TO
BE TESTED AT STOCKTON
STOCKTON, May 12.— The Ellis voting
machine Is to have a practical ; test at the
municipal election to be held here next
Tuesday. With the consent of the offi
cers one of the machines will be set up in
the polling place' of the First Precinct of
the First Ward. As soon as the voter has
deposited - his ballot he will be asked to
step to the machine i and vote his ticket
again upon ; it. A man. competent to ex
plain its workings will be on hand and an
effort will be made to get in a full vote
In order to ascertain how It will tally
with the results of the regular count In
that precinct. The test will not be offi
cial in any way, but it will be a fair trial
of the qualities of the machine.
PROCEEDING WITH
WORK ON THE GAP
Railway Builders Not
Withdrawn.
— — — '
HOLLISTER ESTATE'S CLAIM
DEMANDS AN ARCHWAY OVER
A HIGHWAY.
. ♦ '
Action of Land-Owner Dreyfus in
Blocking Construction Is De
nounced' in Santa
Barbara.
— ' »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, May 12.— The
Southern Pacific coast" line right of way
through the great'Holllst^- estate, that
is one obstacle responsible for the em
bargo that C. P. Huntington threatens
to put on railroad building, hinges on
the willingness of the railroad people
to pay $4400 to construct an archway
over a roadway on ■ the Santa Anita
ranch. J. T. Richards, attorney and
trustee of the estate, in a written state
ment says the Southern Pacific has
been given twenty-five miles of right
of way over the ranch on condition that
it will build this archway to enable pas
sage from one side of the road to the
other. .There will be a deep fill, prob
ably forty feet, near the ranch house,
and it is under this that the arch is
wanted. The railroad people have re
fused flatly to build the arch, but fall
back on the Santa Barbara County
right of way committee to settle the
dispute and give them free passage
through the county, the Hollister es
tate included. Members of the Hollis
ter family declare they will not yield
to the demands of Huntington, as the
damage to the property will be far
greater than the cost of building the
arch, and twenty-five miles of right of
way over the lands is estimated to be
worth $10,000, which they have agreed
i to give.
In answer to the Morning Press tele
gram to C. P. Huntington, asking
whether or not the report was true that
work had been stopped, the following
I message was received late this even
ing:
Morning Press, Santa Barbara: No
truth in the report.
C. . P. HUNTINGTON.
The Southern Pacific Company, al
though threatening to discontinue the
work of construction, has had almost a
full force at work all day. The com
pany's officials here have circulated re
ports that it is due to the actions of
Louis G. Dreyfus and the Hollister es
tate that Huntington is about to sus
pend work. They to-day . made public
the Dreyfus letter to their contractors
and give it out that unless Dreyfus
came to their terms the road would
stop at his property three miles north
west of Ell wood. Dreyfus' letter reads:
You are hereby cautioned against tres
passing on my property, the Eagle Can
yon rancho, and you are notified not to
enter thereon. The Southern Pacific
Company nor any other company ha's no
right of way across the said property,
where the surveyors of said company
have surveyed a route for a railroad bed.
You are also notified not to cross any of
the said lands, unless proper authority be
obtained from me, nor to attach your
stock to any fencing on the premises, nor
to camp on any part of the property, or
on the county road crossing - the said
property, which road Is my property, ex
cepting for the purposes of a road to be
used by the general public. If you dis
regard this notice you are notified that
you will be held responsible for all dam
ages.
This letter was forwarded to railroad
headquarters on May 8, and immediate
ly letters came from Huntington to th<»
right of way committee here. Dreyfus'
action has been the sole topic of con
versation on the streets to-day and sev
eral attempts to hold an indignation
meeting have been made, although not
successful. This evening Dreyfus,
when seen by The Call correspondent,
again denied that he had in any way
hindered the company. He said its at
torney called on him several weeks ago
in regard to the right of way through
his property and he gave his terms,
which have, all been ignored by the
company, He has received no com
munication from the railroad • officials
up to this time. * . \
Public opinion is against Dreyfus, but
at the same time it . considers that
Huntington is attempting a big bluff on
the people.
GARDNER AND FLAHERTY
r^IGHT TO A DRAW
Though Badly Handicapped, the
"Omaha Kid" Makes the Bet
ter Showing.
NEW YORK, May 12.— Oscar Gardner,
the "Omaha Kid," and Martin Flaherty
of Lowell, Mass., fought a 25-round draw
at the New Broadway Athletic Club to
night in the presence of a crowd that
packed the auditorium and held overflow
meetings in the aisles and entries. It was
an unsatisfactory fight from the stand
point of the spectators, for there was a
sameness about the tactics of the men
throughout and flashes of brilliancy were
infrequent. Gardner was the cleverer,
man of the two and outboxed his oppo
nent at every stage of the game. He was
handicapped, however, in that he had an
unhealed cut over his left eye and came
into the ring with a big bandage around
his head. In action the bandage slipped
down and until he took it off he was at
times playing bllndman's buff. Later In
the contest the cut was reopened and bled
so freely that his left eye was at -times
blinded. He also seemed to show the ef
fect of too much fighting of late, for he
lacked the dash and vim that have
brought him so many victories.
Flaherty had the advantage of height,
weight and reach and made the pace in
most of the rounds, but his work was in
effective. He constantly over-reached and
looked wild alongside of the little man,
who was generally inside his punches or
under them. He displayed a very dan
gerous left hand, but lacked Judgment of
distance to make It useful. -• • j
CLOSING ARGUMENTS
IN MURDOCK CASE
■ . - - "---"--■.-..
Lawyer Cannon Reviews the Evidence
Sustaining Plaintiff's :
.-'■ Contention.
WILLOWS, May! 12.— Argument in the
Murdock note case commenced this morn
ing, Attorney W. M. Cannon making the
opening, statement to the jury. He said
that the strongest three points claimed
by the plaintiff were the direct evidence
of Mrs. Murdock, who saw the note
signed; the two declarations by .William
Murdock that the note was genuine, and
the evidence of those who saw the note
prior to 1890, the year in which the de
fense claims it was forged. *•'
Cannon was particularly bitter toward
Expert Carl Eisenschimel, who, he said,
when engaged by him to "examine the
questioned signatures, • went straightway
to the attorneys - for ; the other side, re
turning later and saying he believed the
signature was a forgery. '-.-•■ ,
Tulare's : Heavy. Peach. Crop.
VISALIA, May 12.— The peach crop of
Tulare County Is' so heavy that unless a
great s deal 4of i thinning .Is i done the or
chards will be wrecked.
Everyone Who Has Used Paine's Celery
Compound Praises It.
(;
Every nervous person drags down the
health of the other members of the fam-
ily—nervousness is contagious. . .
This season of the year finds women
tired beyond belief. .
Their nerves have suffered." They are
neither good company for themselves nor
for their friends.
Those who are wise are taking the most
responsible of all spring remedies, are get-
ting back their nervous vigor, their proper
weight, and healthy color. Following the
advice of eminent physicians everywhere,
they are taking Paine's celery compound.
"We are never without Paine's celery j
compound in our home," says Mrs. Robert j
Osborn, who figures, more prominently, i
perhaps, than any other woman in the j
social world of New York City to-day.
"We believe it to be the most wonderful i
nerve invigorator obtainable. I especially j
recommend it to society women, fatigued
by the many demands of the social sea-
son just closed, and to tired and nervous
professional men and women who have
yet many weeks of labor before their va-
cations. I am convinced that Paine's eel-
TONS OF CHLORATE
RENT THE AIR
Fearful Explosion at St.
Helens, England.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 12.— A fearful explo
sion occurred to-day at Kurts Chemical
Works, St. Helen's, Lancaster County.
Four persons were killed and two seri
ously injured. '
/torpid liyer\
Ml ' Costiveness Sallow Complexion Yl|
m Headaches Less of Appetite \W
■BI Coated Tongue '-■*;- Tired Feeling |B
I;! Yellow Eyes ■ - ¥ -. Offensive Breath if
\ HUDYAN CURES. •/
\ HUDYAN CURES. I
O. CHRONIC INFLAMMATION OF THE LIVER IS A COMMON AFFECTION, ft
<% AND ONE THAT IS TOO OFTEN NEGLECTED. THIS DISEASE INDUCES A v
w DEFECTIVE ACTION OF- THE HEART, IT HAS A DELETERIOUS INFLUENCE ©
© UPON- THE LUNGS, IT AFFECTS THE BRAIN AND NERVOUS SYSTEM, IT ~
-. DERANGES THE DIGESTION. HUDYAN WILL CURE THIS DISTRESSFUL *•*
<■* DISORDER. HUDYAN WILL CURE THE COMPLICATIONS THAT RESULT. Q
O. WOODVILLE, Cal. ♦"' OMAHA, Nebr. -.
{% - Dear Doctors: My liver was In very bad Dear Doctors: For a great many years "
w shape. I was yellow, and had no appe- I was a sufferer with liver complaint. My ft
O ■ tite. • My bowels were costive, and I suf- symptoms were weakness, pain in side and _
-. fered with headaches. A friend told me shoulder, bad taste in mouth, I had no O
" about Hudyan, > and T began Its use. After appetite, was very nervous, and had head- q
Q taking three doses I: felt great ' relief and ache all the time. Your valuable Hudyan V
_ now lam entirely cured. removed every symptom, and to-day lam ©
© .ELMER SCHWARZ. as well as I ever was in all my life. -.
(_ "* •.'" MRS. T. J. BLACK. ©
Hudvan Is for sale by druggists— SO cents a package, or six packages for $2 50. -' ft'
O If your druggist does not keep Hudyan, send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY __
OCO, cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal. . . Q
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE n
O OF CHARGE. . CALL OR WRITE. <*
000 00 O UO'ooo 000000 00 0000000000000000 0°
cry compound is by far the best spring
remedy a hard-working person can take."
Mrs. Osborn has always been distin-
guished in society for the beauty of her
costumes. No one knows the opinions and
habits of women of ample means and op-
portunities better than she. She says that
her friends who always insist on having
the best, will have nothing to do with any
remedy but Paine's celery compound. And
this is not surprising when one stops to
consider the thousands of letters that are
constantly being received by the proprie-
tors of this great remedy, and by news-
j .papers and medical journals, as well as
; from men and women in every walk of
i life, all telling one experience; the imme-
j diate relief and perfect cure effected by it.
Th best physicians openly Indorse and
I recommend Paine's celery compound,
i authorizing the public use of their state-
ments that Paine's celery compound. In
case after case, cures rheumatism and
kindred diseases, purifies the blood, regu-
lates the stomach, liver, bowels and kid-
neys." and rejuvenates the fagged-out or
diseased nervous system when everything
else falls.
A fire broke out in the chlorate house
and eighty tons of chlorate exploded,
causing much destruction. Subsequent
ly the boiler exploded and the whole
works was razed. The town. was strewn
with debris and a great number of the
buildings in the place were damaged.
The total loss was £100,000.
Quantities of burning oil streamed
into the gutters and spread the devas
tation. The gas works was badly dam
aged and the gasometer, which con
tained 250,000 cubic feet of gas. had a
hole burned in its top.
The escaping gas took fire and the
flames were seen for miles.
Sheep-Owners Arrested.
SAN ANDREAS, May 12.— Four thou
sand sheep, en route from Merced to
the grazing fields of Alpine, were stopped
at Calaveritas to-day by Constable One
ta. Joseph Lawrence and Joseph Sil
viera, the alleged • owners, were arrested
for having failed to pay a license ot 3
cents a head. The owners paid the li
cense and $2 50 costs and went their way
rejoicing.
34
GEN, HERRIAM'S
EDICT MAKES
HIM UNPOPULAR
Labor Organizations
Condemn Him.
— ♦ —
SAY HIS ACTION IS UNJUST
— ♦ —
RESOLUTIONS WILL BE PUB- ;
LISHED BROADCAST.
•
A Communication to Be Sent to
Washington Asking That Fili
pinos Be Barred— Other
Interesting Notes.
Major General Merriam, U. S. A., Is
unpopular with the labor union? through- j
out the country .sine his edict against
the employment of union miners in the
famous Coeur I'Alene mining district. On
Thursday evening the Building Trades
'Council decided to make an Investigation
'into the troubles at Wardner, Idaho, with
a view to fixing the blame for the recent
troubles, and It also condemned the gen
eral for his action ln accusing union min
ers of being guilty of all the lawless
ness.
The Labor Council at Its weekly session
last evening followed In the footsteps of
Its afflicted organization. I: was unani
mously agreed that a committee draw tip
resolutions "condemning the. expressions
of General Merrlam, classifying labor or
ganizations as criminal conspiracies, and
protesting against the order Issued by
him prohibiting the employment of union
men in th Coeur d'Alene mines."
The motion was introduced by A. Fu
ruseth of the Sailors' Union; and In mak
ing it he delivered a warm speech, crit
icizing General Merrlam and the admin
istration. I*. H. McCarthy and a num
ber of other members followed In fiery
speeches along the same line. The reso
lutions will be adopted at the next meet
ing and will be published broadcast
throughout the United States In labor
journals and other periodicals, in the
nope that it may arouse the union labor
ers to an appreciation of the "unfair
irr-atment accorded them by General Mer
riam."'
Secretary Rosenberg" was Instructed to
communicate with the Treasury Depart
ment and ask that the request or the
Mechanics' Institute to land Filipinos in
this city for exhibition purposes be de
nied.
A delegate from the Sailors' Union re
ported that business was improving along
the water front; that nearly four-fifths
of the vessels leaving port are employing
sailors at union wages, and that the police
do not understand the law recently passed
which permits a sailor to leave a vessel
at his own pleasure. Attention was also
called to Serjeant Bonner's advice to of
ficers of various vessels anchored in the
stream to tire on any boat that came
alongside their ship for the purpose of
taking men off. The delegate further said
there was every indication that all ship
owners would bo compelled to pay union
rates this summer.
The Sailors' Union requested that the
Labor Council have its secretary commu
nicate with the Miners' Union at Nanai
mo, B. C., and ascertain what arrange
ments can be made to have coal carried
exclusively by ships employing union men.
This will be attended to at once.
A large amount of business was trans
acted by the council before adjournment.
Carpenters' Union No. reinitiated eight
new members last night and also d.s
cussed General Merrlam and the admin
istration. Heated speeches of condemna
tion were delivered and resolutions were
adopted. ____________________
ANOTHER FRAUD
ON THE REVENUE
COMES TO LIGHT
Internal Revenue Agents Thomas and
Towne have unearthed another gigantic
fraud against the Government on the
part of unscrupulous cigar manufacturers
in New York. New Jersey and Pennsylva
nia. The fraud does not consist in the use
of counterfeit revenue cigar' stamps, and
hence must have been going on for a long
time, the stamp* being genuine and there
being nothing about the boxes to attract
suspicion.
About a week ago Mr. Thomas discov
ered that certain manufacturers were dis
tributing throughout the United States
sample boxes containing twenty-sir and
fifty-one cigars each, the stamps on the
boxes being for twenty-five and fifty each,
thus defrauding the Government out of
the tax on one cigar in each box, or out
of forty in each thousand cigars. The
Government woul<J not suffer much if the
number of these boxes was not large, but
when it runs into the tens of thousands
distributed over every Stale in the Union
it is a serious matter.
It is apparent that no manufacturer
would care to run the risk of detection in
a fraud of this kind— the risk involving
the confiscation of his factory and of his
entire stock — merely to save a few dollars.
The saving must have run up into the
thousands.
.The agents began their seizures a day
or two ago and succeeded ln getting 6000
cigars ln Los Angeles. They are on the
track of othoTs in this city and expect
to round up many more thousands to-day.
Mr. Thomas was the- first person to
make this important discovery and he im
mediately wired to the head of the reve
nue department in Washington and there
are Indications that within the next few
days seizures will be made in every State
In the Union. J
STUDENTS AND ' SAIDOBS.
Will _*lay Baseball for the Fund to
Decorate Beturning Soldiers.
The tars of the battleship lowa will
meet a nine from the College of Physi- :
clans and Surgeons on the grounds at
Sixteenth and "Valencia streets this after
noon. The game will be played under the
auspices of the Native Sons of the Golden
West and the gate receipts will be devot
ed to the purchase- of suitable decorations
for the California volunteers when they
return from the Philippines.
Both nines have freely volunteered their
services and the game baa awakened a
lively interest among the friends of the
opposing players. Although neither of the
organizations is an old one they have, by
close training, work themselves up to
a degree of efficiency which promises a
lively and interesting game. The posi
tions are as follows:
U. P. S. lowa. Position. - C.'of P. and S."
Geifrer Pitcher McKee
K. J. Lyons Catcher Deacon
T. Hurd Shortstop Nixon
It. Uonlon First base Porneroy
O. Llssowsky Second base..'...; ....Posner
W. Wi-iers Third base Chismore
D. Q. Mendel Left field Arelia
E. J. Burke.... Center field ....Nuton
F. Samuels..... Right field Burr
The following are the attaches of the
teams:
I. S. P. lowa. ' -iprC. of P. and 8.
E. J. Burke Captain Deacon
L. Hildebrandt Manager.. W. H. Burnham
"Boy." (E. J. Jones). Mascot (Baby) Fowler
J. J. Coptello .....Substitute Jackson
W. J. Shine Substitute Sweeny
J. Gaskln Relief pitcher Kelly
T. Buthorn Relief catcher Ward
Steams' Candy Kitchen removed to
10 Sixth street. French candy, 25 cents
per pound; New York broken, 10 cents. *
MAYOR PHELAN
SAYS HE WILL
GIVE NOTICE
A Reply to Foote's
Letter.
— « —
CHINATOWN DENS MUST GO
— * —
INMATES WILL BE WARNED TO \
VACATE.
. ♦— —
Failure on Their Part to Obey Will .
Lead to Arrest of Themselves
and Owners of the
Slave Pens.
♦
• I 0«S*8«8# P&P&P ♦£&£*s♦£ -m
| SAN FRANCISCO. $ I
5 May 12, 1899. " X j
v Mr. M. M. Foote, 639 Rear- I
6ny street, San Francisco, Cal. — X
2 Dear Sir: I am in receipt of V
g> your favor of May 8 calling p',
V my attention to section 4of an 2
O act for the suppression of the <$
♦ Chinese houses of ill-fame, O
5 approved March 31, 1866, £• j
5 wherein it is made the duty of <•»
■£> certain city officers, including S
g the Mayor, to give notice to 8
V all violators of the act. I shall .;.
V he pleased to comply with g
v your request and give notice ■] i
£ on receipt of the information £ |
P which I understand you pos- P j
$ sess as to the location of such : X I
6 houses, and the names of their $
'<?> owners and inmates. Yours S i
$ respectfully, 8
S JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor, $ |
•
OWm?«"r»O^)3^'o^?»t«<^tß
The way is clear for the eradication of
the greatest , evil of Chinatown— the
breeder of all other evils in that quarter.
In a letter mailed yesterday to M. M. i
Foote, who is secretary of the Vigilant I
Society, Mayor Phelan admits that "it is
made the duty of certain city officers, in- I
eluding the Mayor, to give notice to all I
violators of the act approved March 31,
1566, for the suppression of Chinese houses
of 111-fame." He adds that he will be !
pleased to comply with Mr. Foote's re- '
quest and give the required notice on re
ceipt of the Information Mr. Foote is un
derstood to possess concerning the loca
tion, the ownership and the inmates of
such houses.
The information the Mayor desires will
be furnished,, although Mr. Foote says it
could just as easily be obtained by the
city's executive and the Chief of Police,
who Is also called upon to move under
the act, by applying to any member of
the Chinatown squad. In the same spirit,
however, he says, as that in which he
wrote the letter to the Mayor pointing out
an evil' that that official should know ex
isted and indicating the law that provided
for its eradication, he will gladly furnish
Mr. Phelan with a List of the houses of
prostitution in Chinatown, the names of
their inmates and the owners. It will
remain then, he says, for the Mayor and
the Chief of Police to move under the law,
or to be moved by writ of mandamus un
der the law. The. Mayor says in his reply
to Mr. Foote'that he will act as required.
Chief Lees, who has not been officially
informed of any complaint against the
dens in Chinatown, which he does not
deny exist, refuses to say what he will do.
"You know what I'll do when the time
comes," he said last night to a reporter
for The CalL v, . • . . :;
No matter what the Chief does, the in
formation that the Mayor has signified his
willingness to accept will be forthcoming
ln a few days, as soon as the agents of
the Vigilant . Society make their reports
to the directory,' and In as short a, time as
possible it will -be turned over to th«i
Mayor, who will undoubtedly be as good
as his - word' and serve on the proprietors
and inmates of the one hundred and fifty
odd dens warnings to vacate, at the same
time notifying the property owners that
unless ' their' -premises are purged of the
evil they will be liable to criminal prose
cution. Then will come the turn of the
Chief of Police. If the slaveholders ignore
the notices and the owners of the -prop
erty in which the dens are located refuse
to obey the law It will be the duty of
Chief Lees tee awake to a law that gov
erns him and to do his duty long neg
lected. He must either Issue orders for
the arrest of the proprietors of the houses
and the inmates and must Bee that they
are arrested or he will be dragged into
court himself.
That is the status to-day of the recently
Inaugurated crusade against the dens of
vice where highbinders breed and where
murder Is plotted. At the headquarters
of the Vigilant Society In the Sherman
block there is rejoicing over the fact that
a law, no matter how innocuous from dis
use, needs only to be dusted to be ef
fective.
THEBMALITO HOME.
Odd Fellows Decide Not to Remove
It Work of Bebekahs.
The consideration of the supplementary
report of the special committee on the
condition of the home at Thermalito and
the advisability of continuing it there
occupied the attention of the representa
tives all day yesterday, and when It was
time to adjourn at 5 o'clock the debate
was not closed, so an adjournment was
taken until 8 o'clock In the evening. At
that hour the discussion was resumed,
and at 10 o'clock a resolution was Intro
duced authorizing the trustees of the
home to remove it and secure a new site.
This was lost by a vote of 298 to 192. An
adjournment was then taken until 9
o'clock this morning.
At the session of the California Assem
bly held yesterday there were received a
number of additional reports from dele
gates as to the condition of their respec
tive lodges, and these showed prosperity.
The resolutions presented the day before
as to. endeavors to secure further power
from the Sovereign Grand Lodge to en
able the Rebekah division of Odd Fellow
ship "to obtain recognition on the floor of
that body and to be able to legislate as to
benefits were adopted.
It was decided to reduce the age of ad
mission to the Orphans' Home at Gilroy
from 16 to 14 years. It was also decided
to- give the authorities of the home au
thority to return to guardians any chil
dren who might be ungovernable. There
are none such there now, but this action
was taken to guard against possibilities.
A resolution was offered having for its
purpose a. reduction of the basis of repre
sentation to the assembly. Action will be
taken on that to-day.
A motion to allow mileage to delegates
was lost. , v :
The Cooper Inquest.
Coroner Hill began an inquest yester
day morning Into the cause of the death
of Joseph Cooper, the Powell-street tailor
who was asphyxiated in his bed last Mon
day night. Mrs. Phcbe Abrams, Bessie
Cooper and Joseph Cooper, children of
the deceased, testified as to the finding
of their father's body.
The stopcock of the gasjet was partly
turned on and it was loose, thus giving
strong color to the. theory that the death
was accidental. Dr. Josef I. Monson tes
tified that he had been attending the de
ceased for several months for heart dis
ease, and believed that he had died from
that ailment.
Morgue Surgeon Zabala said that the
autopsy revealed the fact that death was
due to asphyxiation. The Inquest will be
resumed this morning.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
TRIED TO END
HIS EXISTENCE
WITH A RAZOR
Major J. J. Barnett in
Trouble.
— ♦
NO MONEY AND NO PROSPECTS
— » —
ONE TIME PROMINENT IN THE
BUCKLEY BANKS.
*
Eight Years Ago He Was One of the
Principal Actors in a Tragedy
That Has Weakened His
Mind.
•
Major J. J. Barnett, an old-time politi
cian, attempted yesterday morning to
commit suicide at 1117 Broadway, where
he resides with some friends, by slashing
his left wrist six times with a razor. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
the patrol wagon and his wounds were
attended to. Barnett said that if his
friend had not discovered him while he
was slashing his wrist he would have
killed himself. He was tired of life, as he
was without money and had no prospect
of earning any.
"I am a lifelong friend of Chris BncTt
ley," he Bald, "and previous to the last
election I went to Buckley and asked him
to use his influence to get me a position.
He said he would, but I was not success
ful. I called upon him a few days ago
and again asked him to look out for me
after the next election, but he did not
give me any hope of success, and I con
cluded the best thing for me was to die."
As. Barnett was very weak from the
loss of blood ho was prevailed upon to
remain in the hospital until something
could lie done by his friends for him.
Barnett was one of the principal actors
in a tragedy about eight years ago. He
and May Castree, a handsome woman of
the town, were infatuated with each
other and one night after they had been
to supper and had gone to the woman's
room over a saloon on Mason street, the
woman saton his knee and suggested that
they should both die. They talked the
■ matter over and finally Barnett consent
ed. He had a revolver In his pocket and
after they had taken an affectionate fare
well of each ether Barnett placed the
muzzle of the revolver over the woman's
heart and. fired, killing her instantly. He
then placed the weapon over his own
' heart and fired, but the bullet missed the
i fatal spot by the fraction of an inch. He
' did not recover for several months, and
when he did lie was arrested on the
I charge of murder. After a trial before a
| jury in the Superior Court he was ac
; quitted. Since then he has not been In
| exactly his right mind, it is thought from
I brooding over the tragedy.
' ■ ' ' " ,'■■ ■' ' - . '
HPHE pleasant method and beneficial effects of the well-known remedy, Syrup op Figs, manufactured
-*• by the California Fig Syrup Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the liquid laxative principles
of plants known to be medicinally laxative and presenting them in the form most refreshing to the taste
and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening laxative,
CLEANSING THE SYSTEM EFFECTUALLY, DISPELLING
COLDS AND HEADACHES, PREVENTING FEVERS,
OVERCOMING HABITUAL CONSTIPATION PERMANENTLY.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and substance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, make it the ideal laxative:
In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they are pleasant to the taste, but
THE MEDICINAL QUALITIES ARE OBTAINED FROM SENNA AND OTHER AROMATIC PLANTS,
by a method known to the CaliforniaJFig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial effects, and
to avoid imitations, please. remember the full hame of the Company printed on the front of every package.
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce purchase at about the same price that others
pay for cheap and worthless imitations. To come into universal demand and to be everywhere considered
'he best of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of the best informed
purchasers. The California Fig Syrup Company having met with the highest success in the manufacture
md sale of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, $yrup OP Figs, it has become important to all to have a
knowledge of the Company and. its product. j] The California Fig; Syrup Company was organized more thai'
rifteen years ago, for the spe-cial purpose of manufacturing an 4 selling a laxative remedy which would b<
' more pleasant to the taste mor^ bene^cial inspect than any other known. The great value of th<
remedy, as a medicinal agent ana of • .he Company^ efforts, is attested by the sale of millions of bottle^
annually, and by the high approval* of most eminent physicians. As the true and genuine remedy named
Syrup op Figs is.iauufactured by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact
will assist in avoiding the worthless' imitations manufactured by other parties. --
(AUF9RNA JTG SYKVP Q
H, STOb t,«< t-^feij
For -Sale by M\ Dru&fefe ...: Price 50 * Per Bottle;
MB. HUNTINGTON'S BANQUET.
Will Entertain His Fourteen Heads
of Departments To-Night.
C. P. Huntington will be host to-night
at a banquet to be tendered the fourteen
heads of departments by whom he was
entertained at the Palace two weeks ago,
and their assistants. The affair is to take
place at Mr. Huntington's California
street residence and promises to be one of
the swellesl affairs of the season.
To-night's affair will probably be Mr.
Huntington's last appearance at an event
of this sort during his present stay in the
city. His annual trip has already been
drawn out to a greater length than he had
anticipated, as has been the visit of Mr.
Speyer, the New York financier, who came
out to attend the annual election of the
Central Pacific directorate. Both of them
will hurry their departure. Mr. Speyer
would have started yesterday but for the
banquet to-night, where he will be one of
the guests of honor. As It Is he will leave
on Sunday and it Is likely that Mr. Hunt
ington will depart at the same time, as a
joint inspection of the Western properties
of the Central and Southern Pacific sys
tems was part of their original itinerary.
Gingerbread Fete Beceipts.
At the last meeting of the board of
managers of the Children's Hospital the
sum of $2800 was reported netted by the
recent gingerbread fete. Out of this $1100
must be expended for fire escapes.
■■- . ■ ♦ ■
A BAY COLLISION.
, - •
The Schooner Volant and the Pilot
Boat Gracie S Bump Each Other
With Bad Results.
The schooner Volant, in command of
Captain Krog, sailed in last night from
Grays Harbor, and when opposite Meiggs
wharf collided with the pilot-boat Gracie
S. which was lying at anchor. The Gracie
B had her Jibboom, headgear, etc., carried
away and sustained a great deal of dam
age on deck.
The Volant, after getting clear of the
pilot-boat, drifted on to Meiggs wharf,
carrying away the boat davits, smashing
several boats and doing considerable
other damage. Tin- Volant had her head
gear, main rigging and mainsail carried
away and also sustained a lot of damage
on deck.
Lieutenant Nash Banqueted.
Lieutenant Nash, who has charge of
the rifle team of the Police Department,
was yesterday banqueted by his sharp
shooters at Shell Mound Park: About
twenty policemen were present* Speeches
were made by Lieutenant Nash. Police
men Phillips and "Mauser" Rankin. The
latter made a decided hit in his latest
creation, "How Mulcahey Lost His Job."
Previous to the banquet the team held its
regular shoot. High scores were made
by the men, showing that they had not
lost their cleverness with the new rifle.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^^^^~^~
iMiIEIPF Ml,
CURED
Through the scientific treatment of the most reliable, successful and <°™'" established
physician and specialist on the Pacific Coast.
REMEMBER, WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
... . v di^^SX^ .
DOCTOR SWEANY.
If you are a victim of early indiscretions, overwork or _^™»** jS^ h r_o__Ut_ > tt^
of its richness and the body of its animating influences . whioh f f nf^ v ' c Jr c paß s"d
weakens the brain and finally result in paralysis and Insanity, if your da>s are^ ra.sea
with distressing thoughts of your disease and your nights with fright™ "f**™ * nd fl £ n -
refreshing sleep; if you have all or any of these symptnn 8 : you are . s f "7 s e c hone th_t
seminal weakness and its attending ailments. Do not te de »<3ed ts it h-the __***__» case
nature will come to your relief, but bravely cast as de all shame and _la> jour case
before Dr. Sweany. His experience in treating -^IUMM has been of her- and he j L
success in effecting cures almost phenomenal. He has cured thousands of others and -■- t w
can cure you.
WRECKED MANHOOD AND WOMANHOOD h «jfP«s°^sS
and strong. Private diseases of every nature cured without the use of mineral
orous and strong. Private diseases of every nature cured without the use or mineral
DI'IPTIIPF Cured by his new method without use of knife of detention from work-a
IHJIILIIC painless, sure and permanent cure. tna ._ A -..th „...„,.-
VARICOCELE I, >' drocele - wellin S and tenderness of the glands treat with unfailing
WOMEN Scientifically ' and successfully, treated for all their many ailments.
ELECTRICITY » S±3£ffSSSffSSSSSSj '&&&, tJB-M-SSS
in all cases where it can be of benefit. """"■• b °° l <" " aM ° l 0 "" ,a " "'"' * '"'
W/DITF If you cannot call. A valuable book, "Guide to Health, will be sent
TV tvl 1 L free on application. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D-, 737 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
BAU-BOAD TRAVEL.
ffOVTHKUN vAvi'vk'ii to„i_m.
(pacific system.)
■Trains lenv« mikl »r« due to arrive at
NAN JWANI'ISI'O.
(Main Lino, Foot of Market Street)
_eav_ — From May 7, 1899. — arriv-
-7:00 r.enlcia. Suisun and Sacramento s:_sp
7MOk Marysville, OroTilloand deciding via
Woodland „ _'15 p
7:OOa Elmira, Vaeaville and Rumsey...... »:-3p
? :_(* a Martinez, San Ramon. Vullejo. Napa,
C'alifttoge- and Santa Ko«a 0:I5p
8:00* Atlautic express, Ogden and Ka3t.. B:_3p
t»::t«»A Ban .lose, Lirermore, ' Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plactrvilie,
Marysville, Chico, lied I'.lulT *stnr
8:30 a *Milton, Oakdale and Honora 4:15p
0:00 a Huywards, Niles and Way Stations. 111:43 a
9:OOa Martinez, Tr*cy, I_throp, Stockton,
Merced ur.d Fresno 12:13p
OiOOa Fresno, llakerslield, Santa ISarhara,
Los Angeles, icing, F.l Paso,
New Orleans and East 0:43p
1 0:00 A Villi jo, Martinez ace. Way Stations 7:4.>p
1 1 :OOa Haywards, -files and Way Stations. 2: 13p
12:OOm NQcs, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, V'isalia,
Pcrterville «:l»p
•l:l»Or Sacramento Hirer Steamers •Btoop
8:00p Haywarda, Niles and Way Stations. 3i43p ,
4:OOt> Martinez, San Ratnou, Vallejo,
Napa, Oalistoga, Sautft Itoaa «:15a
4:<>Oi- Benicia, " Vaeaville, Sacraniento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville ' 0:43 a
4:UOp Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:i3p
4:30p Yo3cmito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13.
0:OOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13p
S:Ooi> Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave and J .OS Auxeles 8:43 a
s<oop Santa Fa Route, Atlantic Kxpreae
. for M.cjuVH and East 6:43p
C:OOp Tho Owl. Fresno, BakersOeld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Augtles 8:13 a
6ioop European Mall, Ogden and East 0:13 a
6:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7: 13a
•6tOOr Vallejo I 2: 1 3 p
7<OOpOregou Express, Sacramento, Marys-
'.-• \illc-. Redding, Portland, I'nget
Hound nnd East 7:43 a
J8:00p Vallejo, Tort Costa and Way Sta-
Bona JlO:30p
COAST DIVISION (Xnrroir Onnße).
(Font of Market Street.) ■ _
J7:45a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations X^OSr .
81 15 a Newark, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Crr Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5:30*
•2:15p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *10:50* I
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a •
64:l3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
. tiona /0:20 A I
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIS FRANCISCO Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 f:00 11:00a.U. {1:00 *2."33 13:30
•4:00 JB:00 »6:00r.M.
From 04KUNII— foet •rßrondwsT.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
_ 112:00 '1:00 t3:CO "3:03 H'-CO «5:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
: (Third and Townsend Sts.)
•Oil Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco. . *6:30r
•7jOOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y).. .... . liSOp
{7130 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Crux, Pndfio Grove and
i Principal Way Stations {8:33?
•iOOa San Jose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
raelflo Grove, Paso Boliies, San
Luis Obispo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
JO>4oa San Jose and Way Stations *8:00 a
11:30 a San Jose aud Way Stations 0:; tOp
*2<45p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
' Cftlroy, Hollister, Sauta Crux,
',» Salinaa, Mouterey and PaciQo
Grove *IO:30a
I •8:« Op San Jose and Way Stations *j).«« A
*4;15p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:45 a'
•5:00p San Josoand Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3:3()p San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:35 a
. 6:30p San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30p
f11:43p San Joseaud Way Stations :... " 7:30p
AforMnrniug. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted, { Sunday only. i Saturday only.
and Sunday /Sunday nnd Monday.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1899,
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALL_._"
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *S:00, *9:30, 11:00 a. m. :
•1:45. 3:80, 4:00, 6:16, "6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 n. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:CP »9:00 »10:00, 11:00 11:30
a. m.; 1:00,1*1:45, "2:30, "4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. doe? not run to S'n Raf'i Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:40 7:65, 8:40, »10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:45, »3 . 40 4:35, 5:15 p. in
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. »9:45. •10-4B "11:45
a. m., 1:00, 2:20, '3:30, *5:15, •6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY" TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DAY'S— S:4S, 6:50, 7:55, 8:55, 10:35
a m.; 12:35 2:45, 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and "way sta'ns.
2:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 26, 1899. trains trill run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Paesen- Mixed. , • t Mixed, Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday _er.
Dally. Exc'ptd |______L\ ___!__.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:46 pm| 6:00 pm .
9:10 am 3:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11:83 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am I:4^ pn*
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:00 am U:00 am
. 11:59 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla : « am, }:" P™
12:15 pm 6:63 pm| Tulare 5:50 ami 1:08 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required. -
For particulars of stage and other connections
tnaulre at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
\treet. San Francisco. •' ,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS CCENIC RAILWAY:
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1599,
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m..
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Fare S F. to Summit and Return. *1 40.
J THOS. COOK & SON, Agts., 621 Market st. |
BAILROAD TEAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
I_iE!S£3li3l-i
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m. :'_."-■". .»
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. _ -l_ _"
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40. 5:05,
6:25 p. m. . .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parle X
same schedule as above. ™
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— April 16, •
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
| 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am,
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa lu;sa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
, Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm S:ooam Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm • 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am! S:io am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:03 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. [10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:35 pun 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelsevvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Ray, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga rings, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonville, . Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, J
Scotia and Eureka. ~
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R.X.RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
--.Limited
Santa Ie Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. :>.-:;
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — m MARKET SI,
'■-■'.'.' TELEPHONE MAIN IsX_
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. *
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. <
San Jose Offioe— West Santa Clara St.
MEXICAN INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD k
••EAGLE PASS ROUTE." -V<J
The shortest standard-gauge line and fastest
time between principal cities in the United
States and Mexico. _»_
No change of cars at the frontier. Through
Pullman buffet sleeping cars dally between San
Antonio, Texas, and the City of .Mexico and
Monterey. Direct line to Monterey, Durango.
Zacatecas, Aquas Callentes. San . Luis Potosi,
Guadalajara and City of Mexico. All trains
met at frontier by representative of general
passenger department to attend to Inspection
of baggage, exchange of money, etc.
For -further Information call on or address
any agent of the Southern Pacific Company
or C. K. DUNLAP.
General Freight and Passenger Agent,
Eagle Pass. Texas.
00 00000000000000
Iw PALACE '■'•■!' l
°GRAND HOTBl a °
" Alt FHAHCISCO. "
"connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Rooms— wi'h Bath Attached. O
0 All Under One Management. Q
0 " ROTE TBS PRICES: .0
0 European I.CO per day and upward Q
— American Plar..sS.oO per day and upward _
' " .--.'--, ' Correspondence Solicited. ' ■ O
O JOHN 0. KIR-PATRICK, Xtnegtr. 0
000000000000000000
■ NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND .WASHINGTON STS.— RB.
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD 4
■ CO. European plan. Rooms, iOc. to $1 60 day
$5 to $S week; $S to $30 month. Free baths: hoi
' and; cold, water every, room; Are grates In ever)
room; elevator runs all night. . ' ".
— — . ■■> ::..-, ■- -A
>fj^DEWEY,STRONG &C 0 _*ggV
RJPATENTSSJ
Nm^-so market st. aF.SSrGAS COMPANY
HAS RECOURSE
TO THE COURTS
Brings Suit to Compel Payment
of a Bill at $1.75 Rate.
Agrees to Refund Any Difference Between
Amount Charged* and That Finally
Fixed by Court.
•
The San Francisco Gas and Electric '
Company has been at last forced into the j
open. Failing to secure from the Board :
of Supervisors a rate for their gas in j
keeping with what they claim is a reason- !
able charge for lighting, the officers of the |
company have had recourse to the courts.
Late yesterday afternoon a complaint
was filed in the office of County Clerk j
Deane against Major W. B. Hooper, man- j
ager of the Occidental Hotel, alleging that j
he is indebted to the gas company for i
Jejol for gas supplied during April at the j
rate of $1 75 per 1030 f-?et.
The attorneys are Bishop & Wheeler, j
with whom is associated E. S. Pillshury, j
for the gas company. Mr. Bishop filed the |
papers himself, selecting apparently a j
time when the reporters had left their
posts of duty for the day. The complaint !
is a purely formal document, giving no j
intimation as to what issues will be made I
during the trial. A creditor owing over j
$.>») was selected to the end that the case j
would go at once to the Superior Court,
thus saving all unnecessary delay.
In the meantime the company is collect- j
ing its April bills at the rate of $1 75 per j
1000 feet, although some consumers are j
refusing to pay until the legal rate has
been determined. To placate these the
company is s-tamping upon their bills the
following agreement:
If any less rate than that herein
charged is hereafter adjudged to be
legal this company agrees to refund
the difference.
•
Attorney Pillshury of counsel for the
•company; affirms that the case will be ex
pedited as much as possible on the part >
of his clients, as they wish to know what ;
is the legal rate they may chars-. It will
be prosecuted vigorously by the brightest
men at the bar, the company making sure
that its case will not suffer in their hands. :
"The filing of the suit against Major
Hooper; manager of the Occidental Hotel, ;
means that the gas company has gone to
the courts to have settled legally and defi
nltely the rate it may charge consumers."
said Attorney E. S. Pillsbury last night, ;
"We will expedite the case as much as lies
in our power, as it is to the interest of the ,
gas company to know the exact status of
the case. Major Hooper was made ilefend
ant because his bill was sufficiently large
to take the case to the Superior Court, i
WILL BE STRENGTHENED
IN THE HEBREW FAITH
THIRTY-NINE APPLICANTS TO
BE CONFIRMED.
I
Beautiful Services Will Be Held at I
the Bush Street Synagogue
Sunday Evening by
Rabbi Myers
Thirty-nine candidates will receive con
firmation at the Bush street Synagogue
next Sunday evening. A particularly
beautiful service has 'been arranged, and
the ceremonies will be very impressive,
from the fact that each of the applicants
will have some specific function to per
form different from the other? in the large
class. The interior of the edifice will oe
handsomely decorated and the music for
the oecasio'n has been composed especially
by Miss Regina Jacobson, recently re
turned from Australia.
This will be the largest number of appli
cants ever confirmed at one time in any
Jewish synagogue on the Pacific Coast.
Originally there were forty-one in the
class, but owing to sickness, two candi
dates. Miss Leah Kaitin and William Wil
liams, will be unable to receive the bless
ings of the sacrament. The reeuiar les
tival service will compose the first part of
the ceremony and will commence at 7
o'clock sharp. It will be conducted by
Cantor D. Meyerson.
Confirmation will begin at half-past 7.
Nt which Rev. Isidore Myers, the rabbi of
the congregation, will officiate. The ran
s.oal prcgiamme will be rendered under
the direction of Professor Dellapiane.
Next Sunday is termed, according to the
Jewish law. the "Feast of Weeks." It is
in commemoration of the anniversary of
the giving of the law on Mount Sinia. and
is known in Hebrew rituals as Shovuos
Sunday.. The day has be« n chosen on ac
count of Its significance for th° adminis
tration of confirmation. The following
Edna Ansell, -Sarah B»rnstein. Margo Eisen
berg, Markn F'alk. Gertie Frohman. Leonora
A. Goldschmldt. Juliet Hayman. Haz'l Isaacs.
Clarisse Israel. Sadie Jscoh^on. Ida Kantrowitz.
\'iolet Kohn. Hattie Meyerson. riattie Nathan.
Te«:-? Kewberger, Jennie Ochs. Sadie Opp^n
heimer. Eva Stern. Betty Van Noorden. Joe
lUrnott. Walter Brandt. Arthur C. Bush. Lewis
n'ohn. Hirsh Cohen. Alfred . -bars. Irvin
Green. Jtrrthold Gunzburger, Albert Haas.
Aaron Levy, Victor H. Mendelson. Milton
Mever Leland Myers. Bennle Ochs. Oscar Pol
lack. 'Israel Rdtbenberg. Harry Rother.herg,
Sylvatn S. Schuhl; William Stern. Samuel Stern.
No Health Board Appointment.
OAKLAND. .May 12.— The new nealth
board held its first regular meeting to
night. A large crowd of politicians was
present expecting to see the patronage
distributed. A motion by- Dr. Maher that
the matter of patronage be postponed in
definitely was carried. The terms of the
chemist, bacteriologist, sanitary inspec
tors, veterinary surgeon and secretary
having expired their offices can be de
clared vacant and be refilled at any time.
(OOKS
\^ IN f
THREE
MINUTES
,-' " q
S \ i^ ~\ \
______^__________* ■ _' * "."'■''nMJiWlW $
le"^e_i-«»»«W««"-M-_«__i -£*
We might have sued on a smaller bill, but
if it were heard in the Justice Court it
would of necessity have to go to a higher
court before being finally accepted.
"The consumers will lose i thing if it
is finally decided that the il 1') rate was
legally fixed. On each bill the company
wii! stamp a promise to refund any dif
ference between the rate paid by a house
holder and that which the court will say
is the rate to which the company is en
titled.
"As to what issues will be brought up
during the trial it is impossible to fore
cast. The main fight will hinge on the
question whether the Supervisors have
authority to fix rates, and if. having the
power to fix them, they have also vested
in them the power to rescind their action.
On April 3 the boar-VfixtHl a rate of $1 10,
and a week later rescinded that action.
This left the rate at the former figures.
$1 75 per thousand feet."
Mr. Pillshury was asked if this was a
"friendly" suit. He laughed and said:
"If you think there is any friendship in
this just go down and interview Major
Hooper. I'll venture to say he is the
angriest man in town. I don't blame him
for refusing to pay the bill. He is man
ager of the hotel and as such is responsi
ble for its affairs being handled in a busi
nesslike manner. He was selected rom a
number of people whose bills for April re
main unpaid."
George K. Hooper, who represents Ma
jor W. B. Hooper, manager of the Occi
dental, was surprised when told of the
filing of the suit. "This is news to me,"
he said. "I know the gas hill was due
and that it had not been paid. Major
Hexiper did not feel justified in paying so
large a bill when there was a e-pieetion as
to the legality of the rate of $1 75 per
thousand feet for which the bill was ren
dered. We have been approached by per
sons who wanted us to join the organiza
tion of people who ha pooled their issues
and were prepared to resist the -collection
of any gas bills rendered for more than
$1 10 per thousand. The persons who
called on us had no credentials and could
not show any list of firms whom they
represented. I do not know why we
should tee singled out above any one else
as the ones en whom the validity of the
recent action of the Supervisors should
be tested. .
"In Justice to ourselves we did not
think It right to pay a bill in which there
was so marked a difference between the
charge made and that .which seemed to
be the legal charge. Like others, we with
held payment until such time as the ques
tion of rates was decided. We surely did
not expect to be defendants in an action
of this character. No Dapers have been
served on us and we do not know how
matters stand."
UNIVERSITY TALENT WILL
APPEAR AT THE ALHAMBRA
Scene From the Farce, "Jl Box of .Monkeys.'
0 t'jPA HE Mask and Gown Club and the U. C. Ladies' Glee Club of the University of California are making elaborate prepara- 0
« 1 tions for their entertainment which will be given in the Alhambra Theater Tuesday evening. The programme ♦
i* 1 arranged is the same as the one used ,a the entertainment given In Berkeley a few weeks ago. which was so So
♦ | highly commended. The clubs had been contemplating giving an entertainment on this side of the bay to raise ♦
8 funds for carrying out the educational work among boys in this city, and so many friends suggest that the last en- *
♦ tertainment berepeated that they finally decided it would be better than to take chances on a new programme, j,
V The only professional talent will be Mr. Purdy of the Bostonians. who will render a solo, but the severest critics in *
So college circles said of the former .entertainment that the work of the amateurs was fully equal to any 'professional g
4 talent which could be engaged. //,• v. ♦
j; The programme includes selections by a quartet from the Woman's Glee Club, songs by the entire club, a mono- S?
* logue by Elmer Harris, vaudeville act by Messrs. illy and Swartz. and the comedietta. "A Box of Monkeys," the cast *
'■• for which is made up as follows: Mrs. Ordega Jones. Miss Amy Hamlin. Miss Sierra Bengallne, Miss Edna Davis. gg
V Miss Genevieve Landpore. Miss Constance Laurence. Chauncey Oglethorpe, A. Rowell, Ted Ralston and Ben Southard. +
-.'• This will be the first entertainment of the Woman's Glee Club in this city. g»
4 ... 4
•♦•.♦•.♦%♦*.♦•.* %♦%<►•** \*\*\* ♦•*♦%♦%♦••♦••♦%♦ ♦?*♦?*♦ £♦?;-•-?*♦?; ♦%♦•;♦•;♦%-*%♦ %♦•;♦•;♦ *;♦
LA ESTRELLA ANNIVERSARY.
Native Daughters Present a Novel
Effect in the Art of Decorating.
I. a Est'rella Parlor No. ??. Native
; Daughters of the Golden West, celebrated
its third anniversary last night by ,i grand
ball in Native Sons' Hall. As Usual, this
parlor displayed much artistic decorative
talent and originality in design. The strik
! ing feature of the display was an electric
effect over the stage which was set off
with living plants that concealed ■•.,- mu
sicians. It was a long hammock of span
' gled tulle on which rested the figure of a
; woman, holding in her uplifted hand a
! blazing star, while from the light were
strings of small electric lights to carry
out the Wees that myriads of stars were
being distributed from the main one.
The grand march was led by William
• Fenstamacher and Miss C. Fensta
! macher, president of the parlor. The
; function was a full dress on.c and the
' programme of dances was carefully pre
pared. The leader of the march was floor
manager and Charles Boldcmann was as
sistant. The following named were the
committee of arrangements:
Mrs. A. Aigeltinger (chairman). Miss C. Fen
stamacher, Mrs. L. Barbich. Miss S. Asmus,
Miss L. White. Mlw J. Vaselin. Miss A. Bolde
mann. Mrs. J. Slewerd. Mrs. L. Oltmann. Miss
■ M Klevesahl, Miss T. Rothman. Mrs A. Nich
ols, Mrs. A. Darneal, Miss M. Schnelner.
THE SAT* FKAI^CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
ARGUMENTS
FOR MILLIONS
COMPLETED
Fair Case in Judge
Troutt's Hands.
— • —
LEGAL POINTS DISCUSSED
"-■ i •'•'■.'
♦
MRS. CRAVEN CONFIDENT OF
ULTIMATE VICTORY.
Judge Denson Makes a Long Argu
ment to Show the Court His
Client's Right to Inter
vene.
~ "-
In the courtroom that has resounded
for months with the voices of the numer
ous counsel in the now celebrated Fair
will case the attorneys gathered again
yesterday, somewhat lessened in numbers
but still fresh, to continue the argument
on Mrs. Nettie K. Craven's application to
be permitted to Intervene for the purpose
of contesting the will of the late James G. j
Fair, dated September 21. 1894, which is
known as the "trust will."
Mrs. Craven was in court all day yes
terday, and took decided interest in the
dry legal arguments of her attorneys, i
Her application is based upon precisely
the same grounds as that filed on behalf •
of Charles i.. Fair, the son. It was shown
during the discussion that under the stat- i
ute. after a will has been admitted to pro
bate without contest, any person may in- |
tervene in an action or proceeding: before j
the trial who has an interest in the con
troversy. Charles L. Fair's application j
to move to set aside the probate of the j
will was tiled on the _■■ of November, |
ISS7. which was the last day of the year I
provided by the statute. Since that time
the controversy has remained dormant.
A few weeks ago Mrs. Craven applied
to the court for permission to intervene in
that contest for the pur; of setting
aside the probate of be will of September
21. Judge Troutt. to whom the applica
tion was made, directed service to be |
made upon the attorneys for the heirs and ;
executors, ordering them to show cause, j
if any they had. why the petition should ,
not be filed. Mrs. Craven's application ,
was opposed by the attorneys of all the j
children and of the executors, nd ft was
on this point that the i arguments of j
Thursday and yesterday were made.
In the opening argument authorities j
were presented to how that where the
contest had been kept alive by the action
of Charles L. Fair any one interested in I
the estate would have a right to come in.
The attorneys for the executors and j
children, on the other hand, claim that
Mrs. Craven's right to intervene was
barred by the statute of limitations and :
that her petition was gaily defective
in that it did not state facts sufficient to j
constitute a legal cause of action.
Mr. Foote on Wednesday made a strong i
ADVERTISEJ___N_E.
\_\~z ~~ i
For Constipation
or Constipation
_a__lP
_&. w *
__&>-'
<$8&% AND BE SURE
YOU GET THE
r GENUINE] j
argument on behalf of his client. He was
opposed by Garret W. McEnerney. repre
senting Mr. Goodfellow. one of the trus
tees; Mr. Mitchell, renresenting two of
the executors, and Charles Heggerty. of
the firm of Knight & Heggerty. represent
ing Charles L. Fair. All the latter at
torneys participated in the oral argument.
Yesterday Garret W. McEnerney and
Judge Denson held the attention of the
court and delivered long arguments.
Judge Denson submitted the case at 3
o'clock and it was taken under advise
ment by Judge Troutt. who will render a
decision later.
The matter of the application for family
allowance went over for two weeks.
MISSION FOR GENTLEMEN.
Will Commence at St. Patrick's
Church Next Sunday Morning.
The mission for the ladles of St. Pat
rick's parish, which has been conducted
by the Redemptorlst Fathers for the past
two weeks, will be brought to a conclu
sion ne_t Sunday. On the same day the
mission for the gentlemen of the parish
will begin and continue for the two follow
ing weeks. At 11 o'clock mass the mission
for married men will begin.
There will be mass each morning at
5:30 o'clock, followed b\ a brief instruc
tion. The 9 o'clock mass will also be fol
lowed by Instructions. At 7:30 in the
evening the regular mission sermon will
be preached, to which only married men
will -be admitted.
The new choir lately organized by St.
Patrick's church under the direction of
Miss Mary Short has prepared a special
musical programme for next Sunday.
Lejeal's mass In D will be sung. The so
pranos will be Miss E. M. Walsh and Mis.*
Frances Hansman; contraltos. Miss Gen
evieve M- Sullivan and Miss Rose Kelly:
tenors, Messrs. Arthur Messmer, T. J.
O'Brien and John O'Brien; bassos,
Messrs. L. A. Larsen and Albert Dick
son.
At the close of the mission his Grace
Archbishop Riordan will, administer con
firmation to all adults who present them
selves.
KIND WORDS FOB, FIELD.
University of California Expresses
Grief at His Death.
The committee appointed by the Aca
demic Senate of the University of Call- j
fornia to draft a suitable memorial no
tice of the death of Justice Field has sub- i
mitted a report. It is signed by George
Davidson, Charles W. Slack and G. H. j
Howison, and expresses deep sympathy
for the widow of the deceased. In part
it is as follows:
At such a time, we. as Callfornians, cannot
forget th.- debt our State owes to his public
labors. In plonker days when crowds of eager
gold-hunters Invaded a land governed by Span
ish codes and covered by Mexican land grants .
a condition of affairs arose altogether unpre- ,
cedented. Daily conflicts of Interests were too ,
often settled by violent means. At this June- i
ture his legislative work, guided by far-sighted <
sagacity, gave the force of law to the cus
toms and usages of the miners, and not only
brought order out of chaos, bat laid the foun- :
dation of the present mining laws of our coun
try. Ever mindful of the poor and struggling, ,
he orie_inate?d the law which prevented the j
creditor from seizing the tools and implements
by which the artisan earned his daily bread. •
He organized the judicial system of our State, j
drew up its first codes of civil and criminal pro
cedure, and fear many years administered jus
tice on its Supreme Bench.
■ ♦ ■
Floral and plain crepe, tissue paper,
flowers and lamp shades, cheap, at San
born & Vail's, 741 Market street. *
Another Watchman Appointed.
Thomas V. Brown was appointed yes
terday as watchman for the detained Chi- i
nese immigrants at the Mail Dock. .This j
fills the complement of three, and they
will have eight-hour shifts.
■ » ■
Freight transferred at low rates. Signal
Transfer Co.. 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
DIVINE HEALER.
+ + + + +♦ + + ♦♦ + + ++♦♦ + + +f*TTTTfTT
4. f MERIT IX VALUE, |
+ I MERIT IX SERVICE,!
"*" THIS IS OUR AIM -|
'$. Penstock,!
♦ IWEIN STOCK.!
t 1 LUBIN I
: I & C9 -j
♦ I &^-> j
♦ s ' *^^fIARKEf and TAYLOR^'''
■f STREETS . JT
: NEW HOT WEATHER GOODS.
"*" To say that we are prepared with 'hot weather"
"*" goods would hardly do justice to our stock. Every de-
partment strives to show merchandise that bears the
v stamp of "newness." You do not pay for style here.
V We charge for value only.
: MILLINERY.
+ To keep our stock of Trimmed Hats fresh and new
+ we have reduced several lots of Hats to pricer which
+ will insure speedy selling. Some Hats formerly $7.50,
$ $10.00 and $12.50 Now $5.00 Each
__ Some of the $5.00 Hats.. . . Now $3.50 Each
-♦■ A new lot of Infants' Headwear just received —
♦ Mull Caps, Silk Caps 25c tO $2.25
t SILK FOULARDS.
♦ Nothing prettier than a Silk Foulard Dress. We show
+ two qualities in blue and white.
+ Liberty Satin Foulards in new and effective de-
♦ signs 69C yard
♦ A Silk Fouiard — very pretty designs 48c yard
+ La Pucelle — the best dollar Glove in the cty.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co. :
4
A DISCOURSE ON REST.
Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr. Tells How to
Be Restful.
Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr. delivered the last
of the Lane lectures for the year at Cood
er Medical College last night. His suo
ject was "Rest and How to Take it," and
a large audience was agreeably enter
• tamed by his discourse. The lecture was
enlivened by a number of inter-lantern
. slides, the negatives of which were taken
by the doctor himself in various parts of
the State where he has sojourned during
the last sixteen years. The views com
prised pictures of scenery in the Santa
I Cruz Mountains. Coronado Beach. Yosem
lte Valley and other places, all of which
he said were ideal spots to obtain rest in
its best form.  
"All the animal and vegetable world
took rest in some stage of its growth,
said Dr. Gibbons, "and mankind could
well take a ideal from the inferior or
' rm - , , •_
\ll the animal and vegetable world
k rest in some stage of its growth,
i Dr. Gibbons, "and mankind could
1 take a lesson from the inferior or
ders. Rest is a word of great import. It
means a relief from toil.. labor and study.
and is a respite from care, release from
i pain and surcease of sorrow. Recreation
I is absolutely necessary for our well being
and is as essential to our existence as is
l eating. Rest favors and hastens repair
| when exercise has been excessive. It Is
! invaluable in the cure of all diseases and
I is in itself a potent cure. The advantages
jof rest are more apparent in surgical
ca=es One way cure of all diseases and
itself a potent cure. The advantages
«t are more apparent in surgical
One way of obtaining rest is W
going to the country. A radical change of
' scenery is necessary to blot out the old
thoughts and instill new ones into .our
minds. In California can be found com
bined all the beautiful scenery for which
certain European countries are famous.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
.-.«•_,: ■-■ _____ _ ;
They Will Observe Their Memorial
Day on Monday Next.
Monday, the loth of May. is the memo
rial day set apart by the order of Native
Daughters of the Golden West on which
to hold appropriate exercises in memory
of those members of the order who have
passed away. On that day every parlor in
the State will manifest respect and sym
pathy for those who in the past were com
panions in the noble work In which the
entire membership is engaged. During
the day committees from each parlor will
visit the silent cities of the dead in which
are at rest those who have gone before
and strew over their graves sweet flowers
to demonstrate that, though passed away.
they are not forgotten.
The following named have been elected
delegates to the Grand Parlor that is to
hold its session in Woodland next month:
Occidental Parlor if Eureka— Mrs. M.
J Jones and Mrs. Rose McDonald.
San Jose Parlor of San Jose— Mrs. Irene
McLeod Day.
Buena Vista Parlor of San Francisco-
Mrs. H. M. Greene. Mrs. Genevieve Ba
ker. Mrs. Fred Wehe and Miss Minnie
Stebins.
Golden State Parlor of San Francisco-
Miss Rosa Day and Miss Lillie I'hlig.
Oro Fino Parlor ">f San Francisco— Mrs.
Mac Church and Miss Lizzie Hendricks.
GOLF AT BURLINGAME.
Deciding .Match Between Oakland
and San Francisco Clubs Will
Be Played To-D„y.
This afternoon the tie that resulted from
the two home-and-home matches already
played between the Oakland and San
Francisco Golf clubs will be played off on
the links of the Burllngame Club at San
Mateo.
The San Francisco team will be made
up as follows: S. L. Abbott Jr.. H. D.
Pillsbury. A. B. Williamson. H. B. Good
win. Charles Page. H. Babcock, E. J. Mc-
Cutchen and J. W. Byrne. The Oakland
representatives will be the following: E.
R. Folger, G. D. Greenwood. R. M. Fitz
gerald. C. P. Hubbard. D. F. Belden J.
C. McKee, R. A. Cooke and J. A. Folger.
Should any one of these be unable to
play .his place will be filled by W. P.
Johnson.
The Oakland team* has been carefully
coached by Orestes Pierce, captain, and
will strive hard to win the handsome sil
ver trophy for its club. By the condi
tions under which the cup was purchased
the winners of to-day's content will be
come its absolute owners.
Sunday Handball Entries.
The entries for Sunday's sport at Phil
Ryan's handball court. £5S Howard street,
include the names of San Francisco's best
players. Professor Rlordon has entered in
a four-handed bout with E. Maloney as
partner to give battle to J. Harlow and
E. Foy. the latter being a new name add
ed to the list of fast players. Nealon and
Hampton are entered against Kilgallon
and Llnehan. This four-hainded game, if
played with the usual vim of hard hitters,
should be the event of the day. as they
are all in the champion class. The entire
entries for the' day's sport are as fol
lows:
D. Rodgers and M. McNeil vs. G. McDon
ald and M." McDonald.
J. R. Bockman and W. H. Sieberst vs.
D. J. Sheehan and E. Lynch.
E. Barry and D. Regan vs. T. Foley and
J. Kirby.
A., McVlcker and G. Smith vs. J. Condon
and T. Leach. \
J. White and M. Maguire vs. E. Curley
and J. Collins. 
J Riordan and E. Maloney vs. J. Harlow
and E. Toy.
J C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. M. J.
Kilgallon and R. Llnehan.
- _ ; ■ — j « ;
California College Commencement.
OAKLAND. May 12.— The commence
ment exercises at California College will
be inaugurated on Sunday evening, when
Dr. E. A. Woody will deliver the bacca
laureate sermon at the college. The mu
sic class will hold Its graduating exercises
on Monday night, the academy class on
Tuesday evening and on Wednesday even
ing there will be a reunion of the alumni.
On Thursday morning the regular com
mencement exercises of the college will
be held, to be followed by the commence
ment dinner.
+++♦♦++++ '♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■*♦♦ .♦♦♦ ♦,♦>+
■ r ":?'"- Vr 4.
To-day at 10 o'Clock, ;
New Percales = ■ 4_c yard :
Sixty piece; new Percales, 26 1-2 'nches +
wide, in new choice patterns. Not a poor de- "*"
sign in the lot. Ether white cr tinted ground. "*
Colors new bluz, light hue, pink, nile and navy.
ALSO AT 10 O'CLOCK, +
Special Sale of ■♦■
Muslin Underwear. ;
This is the Underwear season and we propose" to "♦"
make it interesting for pros- "*"
pective buyers. The sale will ll a *"
be so attractive that many who it^^v "*"
do not require undermuslins at _-^GF">
this time will find it profitable -!s_s 4.
to anticipate future needs. •^~ S /T) &^^_. +
Your money could barely be ¥* £> +
invested to better advantage, vT'v^* _> "*"
Needless to state that the ma- t&&*7 /A^h_ "*"
terials are good and the needle- jj| j^^wljMl'^X "*"
work beyond criticism. 11l V^l\^^_^L 1 "*"
240 Drawers,, either plain or -_$ f$ \ >$>_ Vi«"^ "*"
with embroidery. Till now *_ '_-— ~__\^sk\* _s_as 4-
-25 c Isc sSKc^fb *
90 Gowns trimmed with inser- *« |'^_^ k. >/ \V^ **"
tion. Till now 50c 6"C x\F* I /( 1 "*"
One lot Chemises, trimmed \|/ V»>\ '/ \ "*"
with embroidery and inser- * A * ' 1 /
tion. Till now SOc o"Q **"
+
Three styles of Gowns. All popu'ar styles. Elaborately *__ -♦-
trimmed. Until now .25 '. , VyC 4.
One lot Chemises with embroidery and insertion trim- ,- "*"
ming. Till now 85c 03C "**
4-
One cot Misses' Skirts, with embroidery edo-e. Till now« .*.
sec : y)z I
COURIERS ARE
READY TO PACE
ROUND THE BAY
Annual Hundred Mile
Cycle Event.
— * —
The seventh annual 100-mile relay race
of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs around the bay will take place to
morrow, the four clubs to contest being
LEAVITT AND BILL TROPHY FOR
WHICH THE CLUBS COMPETE
the Olympic Club Wheelmen and Bay
City Wheelmen of this city, the Acme
Club Wheelmen of Oakland, and the Gar
den City Wheelmen of San Jose.
The race will start prom- at 9 a. m.
from the corner of Larkin and McAllister
streets; The route out of the city is down
Larkin to Ninth, to Folsom. to Twenty
second, to Potrero avenue, to Twenty
third, to Nebraska (San Bruno road).
Thence along county road via San Mateo
and intermediate points to San Jose and
back along the other side of the bay, the
finish being in . Alameda upon Central
avenue, not far from High street. The
finish will probably be about half-past 1
®>®4-®^®>®^®'>®>®>®>®'>®^®>®>-®>®4'®^>®>®>®>®>®''4-®f®-^®
® . -tt&W&iztSS^k A X H l l Xh X ! ®
i /^^^^^fei IlunCJl I
® $Mlif "_^_^^fe iIFPiPP Tfl i
! tAN HONEST!
OFFER TO [
WEAK MEN! j
® To Men Who Suf 'er From 0
IR^ff Those Particularly Who Have ®
® I have nothing to give free— nobody gives value for nothing— but I ®
+. want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Belt, known and +
® praised in every hamlet in the land, does cure and has cured in thou- ®
4- sands of cases this weakening drain upon young men. There have been -*•
® published in my book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000 ®
1; voluntary statements from men who told of their cures of this wasting 4-
® weakness by mv Belt. Over 5000. ®
I I Will Pay $1000 in Gold f
® To the man or woman who will disprove one of these 5000 and odd testi- ?
X monials. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each X
_] man on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for _£
1 truth. It Is an Electric Life- Giver. 0
i It Is an Electric Life- Giver.
~ This wonderful Belt of mine pours energy into the weakened parts ■♦■
® during the night, while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and ®
muscles and restoring the old vigor, the snap and power of man. X
♦ dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, SEnD _. OR MY BOOK , 1
% 102 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." +
® And Ccr. Spring and Second Sts.. Los Angeles. _,_»_ of- ®
4- Office Hour*— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.: Sundays. '* ls * MAH.K.U f«e_, ♦
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. ®
®+®^ + ® +®+® + ®+® + ®+®^+®+®+®+®>®+®+^ ♦ ®+® + S*®+®
I o'clock or a little later, judging by the
! time made ,in the past events of the kind.
c .bach club entering the race names ten
! of its best riders, each one of whom rides
a relay of ten miles of the total hundred
'at til .' best speed he is capable of. Each
or these couriers also has a "trailer,"
I* ? /V.'' rts two minutes after his man
and follows him as best he can read"." to
render assistance if the relay rider is "dis
abled or if his wheel is injured.
Each club also has to furnish three men
,' at the end of every relay, so that a club
j must count on having twenty fast riders
and thirty competent officials before it
can think of entering the big event. For
this reason many of the smaller clubs
cannot enter teams.
The following are the entrants from
each contesting club, the names of the
men being given in the order of the relay
they will ride:
Acme Club Wheelmen— George Ferris. Roy
"vi hltson. Howard Squires. Justice Young, Al.
Reldy. A. H. Agnew-. John Sampson, Al. Ban
nister. Theodore Sehleuter. A. T. Smith. Trail
ers—A. Kennedy. A. Bedhurv. J. Civn»r, H.
Kyle, J. Wunn. A. Anderson. B. Brad?ha'.v, W.
Agnew. William Hope. A. Pratt
Bay City Wheelmen— Ralph Robison, W. J.
Black. Ivan Treadwell. Arthur Davidson. Fred
Boeckmann Jr.. B. C. Raynaud. John F. Kelly,
E. A. Rusac, I. R. Lind. C. M. Smith. Trail
ers—W. C. Hofen. William C. Stevens. '.. Dra
per, E. Fleming, C. Reuser. L. Dezert, F.
Warren. Ira Chapman. Ed H»nnine. W. B.
Long-will.
Garden City Wheelmen — Hardenbrook, J.
Lockhart. E. P. Barnes. Louis Smith. Arthur
McDonald. Eugene Coffin. Ed Wastie. J. C.
" Smith. Tony DetDU J. E. Wing. Trailers—
J. A. Dealmonc Dick Moody. Homer Lowe.
Raymond Bubh. Bert Downing, Dan Manning,
George Doll, Lace Downing, D. D. Baker.
George Thome
Olympic Club Wheelmen— L. H. Smith. T. H.
White. George P. Fuller, H. Anthony. Ed M--
Ness. George Kroeta, H. _ Bailey. E. A Bo-
I zio, E. O. Kragness, E. F. Russ. Trailers
i Eddie Adams. H. D. Mean. T. Ford. Pearl
| N'ace. G. Anthony. W. Jackson, C. C. Wil-
I liams, R. A. Henderson, O. E. Bosio, L. W.
j Cole.
The officials will be: Referee. W. L.
Loos; starter. Paul M. Nippert; chief um
pire, Henry F. Wynne; judges at finish—
W. D. Shea. Olympic: A. P. Swain,
Acme; J. Bragg. Garden City: E. B. Je
rome, Reliance; Theodore C. Dodge. Bay
City; timers at finish— John F. McGlynn.
Olympic: George P. Wetmore, Bay Ciiv;
Joseph A. Desimone. Garden City; F. W.
Sharpe. Acme: John Elliott. Olympic.
The four teams are about evenly bal
anced, and it would be a difficult matter
for a non-partisan to choose between
them. Each has its suporters, and in
this city the rivalry between the Bay
Citya and Olympics is especially keen.
In past years there have been as many
as 10,000 people present at the finish of
the relay race on the streets of Alameda,
and from the interest taken in this year's
event it seems likely there will be fully
as many there to-morrow.
VETERAN REBEKAHS.
The New Officers Introduced and
Then Followed a Feast and
Music.
The Veteran Rebekahs' Association af
ter the transaction of routine business
last night and the introduction of the offi
cers elected at the annual meeting last
Monday night adjourned to Welcome Hall
in the Odd Fellows' building and partook
of a delightful supper, after which there
were an impromptu programme of vocal
I and instrumental music and responses to
toasts by Mrs. Mary A. Hawley. who
spoke to "The Veterans": Sarah Wolff of
Sacramento, Mrs. Thorndyke. Mrs. Helen
G. Peterson. Mrs Lydia Pinkham. Jo
sephine Brown. Minnie Platte, Julia Sa
vier. Sarah Knight and others.
56
SATURDAY MAY 13, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main UT
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mi.it, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday call), one year $6.00
DAILY' CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months I.SO
DAILY CALL— By Single Mor.th 65c
SUNDAY CALL One Year I.SO
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions. ,
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "On and Off."
Grand Opera House— "The Little Tycoon."
Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "His Japanese Wife."
Tlvoll— "The Geisha." *
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater-Vaudeville everj' afternoon
nd evening.
— Corner Mason and Ellis streets Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Futro — Swimming Races, etc
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Fnlon Coursing Coursing to-day.
Methodist Sunday-school Excursion and Picnio to El Campo
to-day.
El Campo— The popular hay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo. Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, May 16, Real Es-
tate, at 63S Market street. ________________________
"JUST LIKE GAGE."
READERS of the interior press just now might
suppose that our Governor had been cut up
into tempting or tempted slices, for the
purpose of frying him over a hot fire is
going on all over the State. It is not
the comparatively modern and delicate system
of grilling that has been adopted, but the old
fashioned method of the pioneer days, and the siz
zling and the sputtering of the hot railroad grease are'
vocalizing and perfuming the air in every direction.
It seems that the Governor determined that the
Huntington leprosy and the smallpox ought not to
be allowed to spread at the same time. Being deeply
infected with the first disease, which had become too
prevalent for immediate extirpation, he addressed
himself to the second and roused up Dr. Matthews,
the president of the Board of Health, late at night so
that before morning he might arrange to check its
advancing march at Fort Yuma. For this extra
labor he received due credit in the expressive words,
"Just like Gage." There may have been some strategy
in this nocturnal visitation, for vaccination, which
successfully resists smallpox, communicates the Hun
tington leprosy in all its forms, including elephan
tiasis, or the swollen corruption of the body and of
the head.
The refrain, "Just like Gage,"' was quickly appro
priated and disseminated. One paper marked the
antithetical exercise of one of his executive functions
when he vetoed a bill allowing our bright women,
among them the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, to vote for School Trustees, and signed an act
legalizing prize-fights. Others criticized his approval
of the anti-cartoon and signature bills, the uncon
stitutionality of which as a lawyer and the absurdity
of which as a citizen he must have well known, as
indeed he admitted when in the face of such legisla
tion he treated the report that he was about to go
into the newspaper business as ridiculous. Still others
resented the "scoop" he gave the Examiner and its
Canadian annex of his intention to appoint Dan
Burns a Senator of the United States if Matt Quay
should be seated. Then, under the heading, among
others, of "Peanut Politics," he was not only fried
but burned for his ostentatious and vulgar rudeness
to Senator Perkins at the Los Angeles celebration of
the San Pedro victory over C. P. Huntington. His
conduct in this particular instance indicated that he
was not quite satisfied with the anti-railroad triumph,
which Senator Perkins was so largely instrumental in
securing. His loyalty to Los Angeles and his affec
tion for C. P. Huntington evidently conflict.
In each instance of this culinary operation the jus
tification of the chef de cuisine was "Just like Gage."
Other things may be also mentioned that are just like
him. His acted confessions of absolute absorption by
the railroad are rapidly accumulating. He began with
the Board of Health. He continued with the Board
of Equalization. Now he has filled the place of Sena
tor Boggs, deceased, on the State Board of Agricul
ture by the appointment of that distinguished farmer
and horticulturist, Grove L. Johnson, whose great
achievements have been the farming of the revenues,
the grafting of Huntington shoots upon the Tree of
State, the pruning of the constitutional rights of citi
zens and of the press, and the application of the rail
road bacilli to the roots of our civilization.
Henry T. Gage is surely a daisy in his particular
line, but the line itself produces a network of slimy
discolorations. He is one of the examples of indi
vidual political suicide. His notoriety has destroyed
his popularity. His influence in the disintegration of
his party and in turning the State over to Democratic
fusion has been prematurely exhausted. Charity,
however, would like to furnish him with a remedy
for his serious ailments. As the surgeons have suc
ceeded in taking reefs in the human stomach, per
haps they might succeed in contracting swelled heads
and replacing coarse brains by mental conductors of
a finer quality. This is apparently the only chance
for our gubernatorial phenomenon.
With Governor Gage sneaking with W. F. Herrin
by a secret door from the Palace Hotel, and Railroad
Commissioners Laumeister. and Blackstock clinking
glasses with the railroad attorney at his home, it be
gins to look as if the Southern Pacific Company, in
all truth, is out of politics and has seized the State
government.
______
The young school teacher of the Shoshone Indian
reservation who drew her revolver upon two men to
defend one of her pupils evidently believed that in
teaching the young idea how to shoot she might take
a few lessons herself.
Railroad Commissioner Laumeister said he would,
in shame, leave the State if he voted for the Black
stock resolution. If he really meant it a suggestion
of how to keep him out would be timely.
. ■ . ■ 'i i
Governor Gage will again take up the "burden of
*»ate." Dan Burns has gone to Sacramento.
THE STREET RAILROAD PROBLEM.
THE CALL has placed fairly before the public
the separate proposals of the Market Street
Railway Company and their combined effect, if
sanctioned by the Board of Supervisors, in firmly in
trenching an obnoxious monopoly in the most
densely populated business and residence sections of
San Francisco. It has also recognized the wants and
the rights of the northeastern quarter, so long neg
lected, which were impressed into the service of the
corporation, so that, under cover of supplying a
proper and imperative, demand, it might impregnably
fortify its position before the new charter becomes
operative.
It is useless to recapitulate the details of the at
tempted grab. They are already well understood.
The vital question is, What does the Board of Super
visors intend to do? How can it meet an actual ne
cessity for the extension and improvement of street
railway facilities, with entire fairness to this aggres
sive monopoly, and yet without throwing away
municipal property and sacrificing the common in
terests its members are sworn to protect?
The Huntington argument, invoked for street rail
ways as well as for State lines and national high
roads, and almost flung at the people, is very short
and pointed — "We intend to help ourselves; how do
you propose to help yourselves?" This mode of set
tling public questions is irritating and almost unen
durable, but in the past it has been effective. It has
been quite humiliating as well as exasperating for
three hundred and fifty thousand inhabitants of a com
mercial metropolis to have to ask themselves how
much of their earnings were to be confiscated through
some of their representatives in the municipal legis
lature and to what extent municipal property was to
be donated to corporations in order that they might
use the resources of a community, gratuitously ac
quired, to extort enormous incomes from the indi
viduals of whom the community is composed.
If the present Board of Supervisors contains a ring
of seven, with absolute power to act, irrespective of
the minority and of the Mayor, and who are the mere
tools of the street railway monopoly, then there is no j
doubt that the seven can outvote the five. But, while
fully comprehending the pessimism of our citizens
predicated of past experience, The Call has not yet
become convinced that, in the year 1899, we" have one
of those rings. It prefer* to believe that the proposals
of the Market Street Railway Company are to be sub
jected to some honest and intelligent test.
On this assumption, then, what ought to be done?
The Call did not support the new charter, but when
that instrument received popular indorsement and leg- :
islative ratification it became the law, to be respected ;
and enforced as long as it constitutionally exists. I
The last expression of the public will, therefore, is
that no franchise or privilege should be granted ;
within the municipal limits except in conformity with
its provisions. If the Board of Supervisors accepts j
the instruction of the ballot-box and of the Legisla- j
ture, the entire subject ought to be postponed till
after January I, 1900.
But suppose it be admitted that the exigency of the :
situation, under the promptings of the North Central
Improvement Association and the Merchants' Asso- |
ciation, will not admit of eight months' delay, and j
that pome immediate action must be taken, what .
should it be? The answer is very plain. If the ob
ject to be attained is to connect the northeastern part
of San Francisco with the Potrero and the interven
ing territory, all that is essential or that could be
honestly required is that the application of the Mar
ket Street Railway Company for a new connecting
franchise on Taylor street, between Geary and Post
streets, be granted, and that, if the law permits, it
be awarded the privilege of using electricity on its
entire line from Brannan street .to Montgomery
street and along that street and through Washington
and Jackson streets to Sansome street, and perhaps
on Sansome street for one block. This would involve
'some material changes in the order for which the
company has petitioned in order to annex the privi
lege of using electricity to "franchises heretofore \
granted." It would eliminate Geary street from Tay
lor street to Grant avenue. That portion of the order
to which we have not specifically alluded, namely, on
Post street, from Taylor to Leavenworth street, along 1
Leavenworth street and across McAllister street to
City Hall avenue, and thence by way of Grove street,
with crossings on Larkin street and Market street, to
Bryant -street, if included in the electrical privilege,
would perfect the system and meet all the require
ments of the property-owners and public-spirited
citizens in the two associations to which we have re
ferred.
The demand for a new franchise from the intersec
tion of Geary street and Grant avenue to Bush street
and down Bush street to Sansome street, and the ap
plication for the privilege of using electricity on
Geary street, from Taylor street to Grant avenue, and
also on Sansome street, except .between. Washington
and Jackson streets, should be flatly and promptly de
nied. The application for this new franchise is the I
completion of the scheme to exclude competition, i
An electrical line on Sansome street, from Jackson ;
! to Market street, would interfere with heavy traffic ,
and would be an excuse or an opportunity for a sub- ■
I sequent attempt to secure electrical privileges on
Market street. The worst' "joker" in the plan is the
Geary street electrical proposition, and it will be ,
readily understood when the first watering of stock
and issue of bonds by the Market street railway com- I
bination is recalled. The company now has a cable !
, line, mainly' on Geary ' street, from Market street to I
the Golden Gate Park, the franchise for which will
expire in 1902. It also holds unused franchises on !
Geary street, from Grant avenue to Taylor street, i
which ought to have been forfeited long ago, under
section 2of the act of March 13, 1897. The new char- i
ter limits street railway franchises to twenty-five '•
years, and compels the payment during the first five
years, now exempted from such taxation, of 3 per
cent, during the next ten years of 4 per cent, and dur
ing the .last ten years of five per cent, of the gross j
receipts. It also provides that at the end of the term
the road track and bed of the street railway, and ail 'its i
stationary fixtures, shall become the property of the i
municipality. It further secures to the Board of Su- i
j pervisors' the power "to regulate the rates of fare," !
and to its Finance Committee unrestricted opportu- 1
nities to expert the railway books. It also contains
numerous other binding securities for the protection
of the city and county, to which we cannot here ad
vert.
A renewal of the present Geary street franchise,
under the new charter, would bring the Market
Street Railway Company down to the actual value of
the property and would afford no opportunity for a !
repetition of its former strategy by watering stock ■
or by floating bonds. But section 2 of the act. of
March 13. 1897, at any time more than one year be
fore the expiration of the street railway franchise, per- j
mits its surrender, if accepted by the Board of Super- !
visors, and then it can be renewed. If the electrical \
privilege now asked on Geary street as an addition to !
the unused franchises be awarded, then that posses- i
sion which is said to be nine points of the law will
have been guaranteed, and the Market Street Railway
Company will have a hold on Geary street. . between !
THE SAIM FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
Grant avenue and Taylor street, from which it cannot
be dislodged. It then proposes, as we are credibly
informed, to surrender the operated Geary street
franchise and to obtain a renewal, under the existing
law, embracing the present line from Market street
to the Park, and extended thence" to the Cliff House.
If this can be accomplished it has been reasonably
estimated that, by the expenditure of three hundred
thousand dollars or less, it can insure a return in
round numbers of not less than 6 per cent per annum
on two million dollars. The grandeur of this con
ception is staggering to the ordinary citizen, but it is
a familiar phase of the Huntington policy, and, after
all, only part of a stupendous whole.
The laborious newspaper attorney in fact for the
railroad, in its advocacy of this intricate project of
gripping the major part of San Francisco with the
sharp and unrelaxing tentacles of the Market street
monopoly, proudly boasts that so- far the fares have
not been increased. The public has, been chiefly in
terested in possible reductions. If the fraud on the
new charter and the general clean-up now before the
Board of Supervisors is accomplished, the shortest
and cheapest mode of consummation would be a con
veyance of all the surviving rights of the municipality.
THE PRESIDENT AND THE ADMIRAL.
SAN FRANCISCO, through properly accredited
representatives, has cordially invited a visit
from President McKinley and from Admiral
Dewey. There awaits a most cordial welcome for
each, should he come to us. We on this coast have
not seen so many dignitaries of national rank as to
have become blase with respect to them, like the peo
ple of the East. When a distinguished man of the
I highest rank comes to us we make a holiday and give
him a reception that becomes a notable event in our
annals.
From the tone of the dispatches from Washington
it seems very unlikely that we shall have the pleasure
of receiving Dewey. The Admiral will probably go
home by way of Suez, land at New York and make his
way to Washington by the shortest route. That choice
is not a surprising one, for it is certain that if Dewey
came to San Francisco and took the tour across the
continent the receptions given him at every city and
way station along the route would be more fatiguing
than the Philippine campaign. The Admiral, accord
ing to all reports, is not in robust health, and he may
have good reason for shrinking from the tumultuous
greetings he would have to face from San Francisco
: to Washington if he accept our invitation.
There is a much better prospect of a visit from the
President. Indeed, that visit seems well assured.
McKinley has long planned a trip to the Pacific
Coast, and the coming summer promises to afford
him an 'excellent opportunity for making it. He is
now at Hot Springs, Virginia, building up his
; strength, which has been sadly worn by the nervous
'• strain of the harassing duties of his high office, and
' as soon as he is fully restored to health he will prob
j ably start West. It would, in fact, be wise on his
I part to come before the heat of the Eastern summer
1 sets in, for there is no better place at which to seek
refuge from the sweltering East than on this coast.
Californians will need no urging to induce them to
make extensive preparations for the President's visit.
As soon as it is assured that he is coming every com
munity along the line of his route in the State will
be eager to welcome him and do him honor. It is
to be hoped he will not undertake a hurried trip.
The experience of President Harrison's hasty tour
some years ago is sufficient to show that such a
! course is unsatisfactory to all concerned. To enjoy
' his visit and to derive the full benefit of the journey
the President should remain at least a month within
the limits of the commonwealth. He will find abun
dant employment for every day of it, and his welcome
will show no diminution of popular enthusiasm.
There are many reasons why Californians should
be glad to receive McKinley. With his inauguration
there began that revival of prosperity which is now
so abundant throughout the Union. He stands as the
! foremost representative and champion of that states
manship which upbuilds American industries, and
every class of citizens, from capitalists to working
men, will unite to do him honor.
PHILANTHROPY AND SENSE.
ANDREW CARNEGIE has given an explicit j
and emphatic denial to the report that his ac- j
tion in closing out his business interests was I
due to a dislike of trusts. He declares he is neither ,
antagonistic to trusts nor is afraid of them. The ;
Carnegie Steel Company, he asserts, is the greatest
property of the kind in the world' and has a prosper
ous future as well assured as anything can be in i
human affairs. He has retired from business, he says, I
simply because he desires to live a dignified and un- \
selfish life, freed from all struggling after more
dollars.
. He has given no intimation of how he proposes to
enjoy the leisure he has so well earned, nor of what
he will do with his fortune, which has been estimated
at the enormous sum of $100,000,000. When his atten
tion was called to an editorial in a London paper re
ferring to his noted statement of some years ago, "To
die rich is to die disgraced," he is reported to have ;
said: "Tell that editor to watch and see. I hope j
I shall not justify the definition, sometimes deserved, I
of a philanthropist as a man with a great deal of I
money and very Tittle sense.'"
. There was a time, when the word "philanthropist" j
was used to signify one who so loved his fellowman !
that he devoted the best energies of his life to the ser
vice of humanity. John Howard, Samuel Wilber
force, Elizabeth Fry and others like persons of j
little wealth but rich in zeal and animated with a j
genuine sympathy for all who suffer— -were alone
honored with that title, but now it has come to mean
a rich man of many millions who makes a gift to the
public.
As a rule the greater portion of the wealth distrib
! uted by successful Americans has been well directed.
! Few among them have posed as philanthropists.
Many have expressly disclaimed the title. They have
', given of their fortunes for the foundation of schools,,
! colleges, libraries, art galleries and charitable institu
; tions. In nearly all such instances their liberality has
: been widely beneficial.. It happens, however, that
some ostentatious givers have bestowed their gifts
from considerations of vanity or sentiment, and as
many of these have been harmful rather than helpful
to the communities receiving them, they have given
; rise to the definition to which Carnegie refers.
It is indisputable that a rich man without sense is
i more injurious than a rich man without munificence.
Wealth is rarely ever better employed than when in
vested in great industries that give work and wages
to thousands of people. To withdraw it from that
employment for the purpose of bestowing it upon
promiscuous charities is by no means an act of good
; sense. ■ Mr, Carnegie evidently means he is not going
Jto scatter his wealth in that way. He is now a very
; interesting figure to all institutions in America and
! Great Britain that would like endowments, and he
j need not fear but what he will be watched by more
; neoole than the editor whose watchine he has invited.
NEW CHARTER
HAS NOT GONE
INTO EFFECT
■
No Rebates for Li
cense Payers.
— ♦ — .-
THE LAW ON THE SUBJECT
r-v'j "i-i;;
— * — —
TIME FOR ITS BECOMING OPERA
TIVE EXPRESSLY FIXED.
*
Lawyers Undertake to Recover the
Amounts Paid for Licenses
Since February on a Con
• tingent.
Some of the heaviest license-payers in
| the city, including merchants, bankers
and theatrical managers, have signed a
petition, at the instance of Knight &
Heggerty and Frank McGowan, lawyers,
demanding the refunding of the amounts
they have paiu into the License Collect
or's office since February, on the ground
that the new charter abolishes' the office
of License Collector and that the charter
became operative immediately upon its
approval by the Legislature.
These business men have signed the pe
tition with the understanding that they
will receive 50 per cent of the amount so
refunded and shall not be put to any ex
pense for the collection, the attorneys de
fraying all costs and taking the other 50
per cent for their trouble. It is asserted
that fully 1500 license-payers have entered
into the agreement with the lawyers.
It is not apparent how the lawyers ex
pect to prove their contention, for the
charter Itself expressly provides that it
shall become operative on January 1, 1900.
The following is taken from an anno
tated volume on the new charter by At
torney E. F. Treadwell:
When the charter takes eft-act— By the pro
visions of this schedule the charter, except for
certain purposes, goes into effect on the Ist
day of January. IWO. . Section s of article XI
of the constitution provides that if the charter
is "approved by a majority vote of the mem
bers elected to each house, it shall become the
charter of such city," etc. Under the pro
vision there might be some • question as to
wfcether the charter does not take effect as
SGWi as adopted by the legislature; but It is
not believed that this is the effect of the pro
visions of the constitution.
This question was first raised by Tax
Collector Sheehan early in February,
when he applied to the .Supervisors fur
more funds with which to conduct his of
fice, claiming that under the new charter
the duties of License Collector had de
volved upon him, and as that instrument
had gone into effect immediately upon its
approval by the Legislature, it was nec
essary for him to employ additional help
to collect licenses.
The matter was referred to City and
County Attorney Lane, who submitted a
written opinion to the board on Febru
ary 18 adverse to the Tax Collector's
• contention. Attorney Lane quoted at
length from the State constitution in sup
port of his 'finding. He said there was
nothing in the constitution in conflict
with the express provision of the charter
postponing the time of its becoming ope
rative until January 1, 1900. It might go
into effect immediately upon its approval
by the Legislature if the charter itself
did not' fix the date upon which it was
to become operative. In closing Attorney
Lane said: "I therefore advise that the
new charter is not now in operation, *—•
Cept for the purpose of an election to be
held in November next, and, further, that
for general purposes it does not go into
effect until January 1, 1900."
That, apparently, ls about as good law
as any the attorneys who are seeking to
mulct the city out of many thousands of
dollars may have to support their conten
tion, but it is possible they may have a
joker up their sleeve. If they have, they
are careful not to expose it now. Frank
McGowan was not inclined to discuss the
matter yesterday beyond stating that a
test would be made shortly.
But even this test. it appears. is not to
be made directly on the question of li
censes. The plan as at present outlined
is to induce some employe of the city,
who is entitled to more pay under the
charter, to institute mandamus proceed
ings against Auditor Asa R. wells to
compel him to audit his claim at the in
creased rate. Efforts were made to in
duce some captain of police to begin suit
on these lines, but there is an evident
shyness among those interested to do
this but it is hoped that somebody will
be found who will be willing to have the
fight made in his name.
Prominent lawyers take little stock in
the contention, and"even the business men
themselves who ' have gone into the
scheme do not express much hope of get
ting any returns from it. As one of them
•said yesterday: "It doesn't cost us any
thing to attempt to get our license money
back and if we receive 50 per cent we
are just that much ahead. The lawyers
take all the risk and they are welcome to
the other half." .
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. J. Hyde of Watsonville is at the
Grand. ' ,C;V
E. S. "Valentine of Fresno is stopping at
the Lick.
Dr. Barton G. Powell of Sacramento is
at the Grand.
A. G. Hart, a merchant of Colfax, was
among yesterday's arrivals.
Colonel R. L. Peeler of Fresno Is amont
the guests at the California.
John George Leigh of the London Times
Is registered at the Occidental. :;;
L. E. Norton, a St. Helena vineyardlst,
is spending a few days In this city.
J. T. Lesher, a wealthy drug dealer of
Lansing, Mich., ls registered at the Lick.
W. I. de Garmo of Los Angeles arrived
yesterday and is registered at the Cali
fornia.
- Dr. E. A. Dickinson of Uklah was
I among yesterday's arrivals at the Occi
! dental.
J. C. Wolfskill, a wealthy warehouse
man of Suisun, was among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Lick.
Governor Gage arrived last evening,
after having spent the day at San Quen
tin. He is at the Palace.
H. D. Talcott, a prominent real estate
dealer of Pacific Grove, arrived yester
day and registered at the Grand.
W. I. Lambkey and wife of Washing
ton, D. C, are stopping at the California.
They will tour the State before returning
East. V: *-'.'-' • '■. ; - :; ' ;
I CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 12.— J. W. Chisholm
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan;
M. P. Detels and .wife of San Francisco
are at the Fifth Avenue. W. Wilson,
wife and family of San Francisco are in
Paris. ; :.Z . . , x * i ■ ■ ■. . .
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Mrs. W. S.
Leake. Miss Georgia Speiker and J. G.
Mansfield of San Francisco are at the
Wellington. ,
Slot Machine Man Punished.
H. Fogten, a ssaloon-keeper on Bush
street, was convicted by Judge Treadwell
on January 25 of having a nlckel-in-tht
slot machine in his saloon that turned out
checks payable in money at the bar, and
was fined $100. Fosten appealed, but yes
terday Acting Judge Groezlnger received
a remittitur from the Superior Court, the
appeal having been dismissed. Fosten
I noid tha.flna." ■ •■■-■_
FATAL DELAY
MAY DEFEAT THE
BOND ELECTION
♦
Surveyor Tilton Said
to Be Disqualified.
— « —
TWO SALARIES PROHIBITED
— « —
CANNOT RECEIVE PAY AS A
SEWER COMMISSIONER.
.
His Appointment Said to Be Ren
dered Void by "a Provision
of the Consolidation
Act.
•
The intent of the resolution recently
I adopted by the Board of Supervisors rel
ative to the preparation of plans for a
i sewer system to be submitted to the peo
! ple at a bond election bids fair to be
frustrated by reason of the alleged In
\ eligibility of one of the three Commission
ers selected to perform the work. By the
terms of the resolution the work was del
egated to a commission composed of
Marsden Manson, C. E. Grunsky and
City and County Surveyor Tilton. Each
jof the Commissioners is to receive the
i sum of $4000.
It is this item of compensation that is
! causing all of the trouble, as it is al
! leged that under the law the Board of
Supervisors has no power to grant addi
. tional compensation to an official who
: receives a salary from the municipal gov
'; ernment. It is also asserted that the
■ same law debars a salaried official from
receiving or accepting any remuneration
from the city other than his salary. If
this construction of the law is correct
Mr. Tilton's membership in the commis
; sion will have to be canceled and the va
, cancy will have to be filled by resolution
;of the Board of Supervisors. The time ,
! required to correct this mistake, if one !
i has been made, will so retard the inaug
uration and completion of the work re
quired of the commission that not suffi- i
, cient time will be left to comply with i
the provisions of the law in the matter
iof calling a bond election. The election
must be held during the present year if |
iat all. Messrs. Manson and Grunsky es
timate that it will require at least four j
months' time to make the necessary sur- j
j veys and prepare the plans for the pro-
I posed sewer system. This being so, the j
; delay of a month in the inauguration of
the work will prove fatal to the plan for
holding a bond election in. December.
Those who contend that City and Coun
ty Surveyor Tilton is not eligible to a
place on the commission at a salary of
$4000 for the term of his services point
■ to the following section of the consolida
tion act in support of their contention:
Article 1, Section 11— No compensation
shall be allowed to Supervisors or School
Directors, ana no fees or compensation to
be raid out of the city and county treas
ury, other than those allowed in this act.
shall be allowed or received by any officer
of said city and county, or of .any district;
nor shall any allowance or provision be
made for them, or any of them, at trie pub
lic, expense, under £he name of office rent,
fuel, lights, etc. _•-".-;" -j "., -T. ;
■ The foregoing seems to be explicit and
convincing. The only compensation' to .
be paid by the city to the Surveyor is
'. fixed by "the consolidation act as fol
; lows: • '{"»'■ * . .--*." ■..'
To the City and County. Surveyor, $500
per annum, which shall be in lieu of all
fees or other charges for official services,
which would otherwise be a city and
county charge, and he shall charge and col
lect for services rendered individuals such
fees as may be prescribed and allowed by
the Board of Supervisors.
•' The matter. ls now being made the sub
ject of serious consideration by Mayor
Phelan and the members of the Board of
Supervisors^ '"'■'
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS. j
AT STRASBURG— H. F. M., City. There
is no United States Consul at Strasburg,
Germany.
THE YORKTOWN-The United States
ship Yorktown is at the Asiatic station,
now at Manila.
DEATH OF C AVILL— J. H. C, City.
Cavill, the swimmer, was drowned at
Stockton, Cal., May 23, 1897.
A LADY WRITER-H. F. ML, City. The
lady asked about will not write for the
paper mentioned, having severed her con
nection with it. .'.'..'.■-
< '.re-p.-K. M. C.San Mateo. Cal.
For Information on the subject of iron
ore address a communication to the State
Mining Bureau, with self-addressed and
stamped envelope for reply. The bureau
is ln the ferry depot building, foot of
THE FIRST POSTOFFICE— M.. City.
The first postofflce in San Francisco was
established in 1849 at the corner of Clay
and Pike (now Wavefly place) streets. It
was subsequently moved to Brenham
place and Clay street, then to the -south
side of Clay street, near Kearny, and then
to the building on the corner of Washing
ton and Battery streets, where it now ls.
MARRIAGE AND INSANITY— W. D.
M., Comptche, Cal. Insanity is not one of
the grounds upon which a husband can
apply for a divorce in California, that is,
If insanity developed after marriage, but
a marriage may be annulled if insanity
existed at the time of marriage, unless
such party after coming to reason freely
cohabit together as husband and wife.
In such case the action may be com
menced by the party injured or relative
or guardian of the party of unsound mind
at any time before the death of either
party.
. DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
FLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING.
LP IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belttng (-.nd
I. VEUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
slon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
COAL, COKB AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS -.WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & COFpgfe^^j
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS BOYES & CO., Shipping Butchers, 104
J A3- DUIL3 g ltf„ Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE. ~
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware, 60S Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS. -
Western Foundry. Morton & Hedley. Prop-*. ,
; 234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Da.
scriotion Made to Order. Tel. Blaok 1503. *
VERDICT OF
NOT GUILTY
FOR McGLADE
Acquitted of the First
Charge.
■
— * —
MUST AGAIN STAND TRIAL
— * —
SEVERAL CHARGES YET TO BE
HEARD.
»
Although Congratulated on His Es
cape- the Accused Was Not
Cheerful as He Must
Again Stand Trial.
♦
Robert Cleary, 1658 Market.
E. P. Enright, 1131 Howard.
W. S. Gage, 330 Market.
L. H. Harter, 810 Page.
A. Berg, 732 Golden Gate avenue.
J. W. Eaton, 639 Market.
W. F. Mills, 2607 Fillmore.
C. M. Levy, 2727 Pacific avenue.
L. Levinsky, 922 O'Farrell.
" A. Fromberg, 1525 Steiner.
J. E. Dealey, 503 Larkin.
F. N. Martinotti, 307 Mason.
The above-named gentlemen, who qual
ified as talesmen on the jury of Peter Mc-
Glade, late of the Street Department,
who was charged with forging various
warrants upon the City and County
Treasurer, came into court late yesterday
afternoon and filed a verdict finding th*
defendant not guilty of the crime charged
against him. The verdict was as great a
surprise to the accused as it was to the
court-frequenters, but the end is not yet.
McGlade must stand trial upon a score
more of forged warrants before he can
call himself a free man, and the term
necessary to try these cases stretches
itself out along a weary length; so doubt
less the decision of yesterday failed to
materially raise the hopes of the accused.
McGlade was tried upon a specific
charge of having forged a warrant upon
the Street Department for $96 in the
name of a party who "was not only a
minus quantity upon the payroll of the
Street Department but as well on any
branch of the municipal government. Mc-
Glade's counsel contended that inasmuch
as the warrant was illegal upon Its face
it was not the subject of a forgery. After
a lengthy argument Judge Cook over
ruled the objection of the defendant's
counsel to the admission of the docu
ment and the case proceeded. A majority
of the officials connected with the Super
intendent of Streets' office were called to
testify against the accused, and hand
writing experts gave their opinion ...at
the document upon which the charge was
based was forged by the accused. In de
fense of the charge McGlade was placed
upon the stand and his testimony alone
-was presented, after which the case was
argued. • Shortly before noon the jury was
charged and retired to deliberate upon a
verdict. The hours passed and no signal
from the jury called the Deputy Sheriff
to the door. Just as the time for an ad
journment came the bell signaled that a
verdict had been reached. Judge Cook
was summoned, the jury, was brought into
court and announced that the defendant
was not guilty. Congratulations were
then in order, but McGlade was not ex
tremely cheerful, as other charges yet re
main to be heard. Judge Cook dis
missed the jury that freed the accused,
and put the cases still standing against
the accused over for further consid
eration. The courtroom was then cleared,
McGlade held a whispered conversation
with his counsel and the day's session
was at an end. • ■■:-' \- ".■"•■,
Cream mixed candies. 25c lb. Townsend's.*
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits, BOc lb., in fire-etched
boxes or Jap baskets. 627 Market st. *
Wedding invitations, visiting cards, fine
stationery and printing at Sanborn &
Vail's, 74i Market street. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone.Maln 1042, •
When an estate is divided according
to law it means that the heirs get what
is left after the lawyers get through.
Y. M. C. A. Excursion via Burlington
Route.
Leaving San Francisco Thursday, May IS. x,
a. m., the Burlington route will run through
tourist cars to Chicago, in charge of a manager
for those desiring to attend the Biennial Con
vention, Y. M. C. A., to be held at Grand
Rapids. Mich., May 24. _WSSB
.Tourist cars will also run from Chicago to
Boston for those desiring to extend their jour
ney to Eastern points. Full information given
and reservations made at 32 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, or 972 Broadway, Oakland.
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. It makes tight or
new shoes feel easy. Cures Corns, Bunions,
Swollen, Tired, Sweating, Aching feet. 30,000
testimonials. At all druggists and shoe stores.
25c. Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Address
Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. Y.
Care worry and anxiety, whiten the hair too
early. Rent wit with Barker's Hair Balsam.
ii._S-_ucoKXK. ".Ill' oes". C lie lclfiMrili. a.j ..i.
Angostura Bitters, prepared by Dr. J. G. B.
Siegert for his private use, has become famous
as the best appetizing tonic.
LIQUORS.
GUDOLD WHISKEY, gallon.. $1.50 ease, $6.00
0. P. 8. PONY, do .......$2.50; ease $10.00
L. CAHEN _ SON, 418 Sacramento St., S. F.
NO BETTER fiN EARTH &££S_ e M »
Comanche Ochre Co., 203 Front; tel. Jessie 1936.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP paper Street.
HILLMITILI IL 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING '
-_• \*. nUljnl-,0,8U Sansome "'street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic DADTDlhrF 306 Call-
Codes. r'/\K 1 KlUljL fornia st.
| THE HICKS-JUDD CO-. .affst.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
j THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
' Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 310 California a\. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI fINnY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LuiUllt is-k. Wedding Kings. 4 3d st.
WHIT.; ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Ita
■■■■■■ GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
' Is the Bert Coal In the Market.
.-'.". -Office and Tarda— 4so Main Street.DIDN'T EVEN
HAVE TO PAY
THE ICEMAN
Mrs. Marceau Prattles
About Levy's Linen.
JUDGE EXONERATES THE LADY
— ♦
SERVANTS IN MISTAKE PACKED
LANDLORD'S THINGS.
* — .
Fair Defendant on the Stand Explains
to the Court the Many Se
crets of a Successful
Housekeeper.
Judge Mogan found yesterday that Mrs.
Amanda J. Fiske-Marceau-Fennell was
:he victim of a most "unfortunate mis
take," which is the way the gallant ex
ponent of the law put the <as of embez
zlement and larceny preferred against the
lady by her ex-landlord, B. J. Levy.
Mrs. Marceau had been occupying the
furnished Levy flat at 2112 Devisadero
street, and while moving the Japanese
servants had unwittingly packed the land-
lord's belongings with those of their mis- i
tress. When Levy discovered his loss he
at once secured a search warrant, and ac- \
companied by an officer proceeded to the
present Marceau residence at 834 Haight
street. Here he discovered the greater
part of the missing articles, which Mrs.
Marceau gladly and immediately restored
to him.
Yesterday morning in Judge Mogan's
court Levy explained in detail the exact
number of sheets, pillow-cases, table
cloths and napkins that were still coming
to him. and also made reference to a set
of carvers, likewise a rose Jar, which was
masquerading in the inventory as bric-a
brac Levy's testimony failed to make
out any intent on the part of the fair de
fendant to steal.
Mrs. Mar' took the stand in her own
defense, and while -plaining how Levy's
things got packed up with her own inci
dentally lei the court Into many house
hold secrets and bits of entertaining per
sonal gossip. Mrs. Marceau was gowned
ADVERTISEMENTS.
~~~
[Letter to Mrs. Pinkham No. 53,284.]
"DEAR MRS. PINKHAM— For some
time I have thought of writing to you
_ to let you know of the great benefit 1
•* have received
.»-.« i/iiiiiA/iiil from the use of
MRS. JOHNSON Ly dia c. pmk-
SAVED FROM hams Vegeta-
INSANITY BY \™ c Compound.
.«-.<s ., 1 „,„,„ l Soon after the
MRS. PINKHAM birth of my first
child, I com-
menced to have spells with my spine.
Every month I grew worse and at last
became so bad that I found I wa:
gradually losing my mind.
"The doctors treated me for female
troubles, hut I got no better. One
' doctor told me that I would be insane.
I was advised by a friend to give Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a
trial, and before I had taken ail of the I
first bottle my neighbors noticed the :
change in me.
"I have now taken five bottles and j
cannot find words sufficient to praise it.
I advise every woman who is suffering
from any female weakness to give it a
fair trial. I thank you for your good j
medicine."— MßS. GERTRUDE M. !
JOHNSON, JONESBORO, TEXAS.
Mrs. Perkins' Letter.
"I had female trouble of all kinds, i
_. three doctors, but only grew worse.
I began taking Lydia E. Pinkham's '
Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills
and used the Sanative Wash, and can-
not praise your remedies enough." — I
MRS. EFFIE PERKINS, PEARL, LA. '
In the very latest fashion and leaned back
in the witness chair with the easy grace
of a social queen in her boudoir. Her tone
was a confidential, conversational one, and
she tactfully overruled all Interruptions
on the part of the Judge or prosecuting
attorneys with a charming "Pardon me,
but pray allow me to proceed."
"You see, it was this way, Judge," she
said. "Mr. Gregory rented Mr. Levy's
house for me. Mr. Gregory is sometimes
known as my brother (but he is not). My
mother had a protege (a sweet, pretty
girl). I loved her as my sister. Mr.
Gregory married bar, and that Is why. he
Is sometimes known as my brother. (His;
wife is a most harming woman, too).
"Well, Mr. Gregory took the Levy flat \
and asked me to come and live with them ;
as a boarder. It would be better for me, he
said. 1 had just got my divorce. That is I
a month ago. 1 was separated from my I
former husband. Mr. Fennell, In Judge '
Hunt's court (everything was settled
most satisfactorily and peaceably). Well,
I went to live with Mr. Gregory. Then he I
was suddenly called to Oregon on most
complicated business and 1 found myself
with his flat on my hands. 'Don't worry.'
; said Mr. Gregory to me, 'I'll attend to all
the bills— and he did (I did not even have !
to pay the ice man).
"Levy made my life unbearable." Mrs.
Marceau went on, smiling sweetly upon
the Judge. "He was always coming up
to see I did not spoil the house. He came
so regularly i really thought he. was a
boarder. lie brought his wife and baby j
once also with him. I did not see them.
Mv friends told me (I believe my friends).
"When 1 decided to move I arranged to
' pack mv own personal belongings my
j gowns, etc. (I have no maid). I hired a
Japanese servant to help my Chinaman
and Japanese boy to pack the household
goods. The hoy 1 hired at an employ- :
ment office. (He is an excellent boy, |
strong and industrious, but very ignor- i
ant.) 'Pack only my things.' 1 told him. j
}). does not speak much English. (I spent j
four months In Japan and can say a few j
words in Japanese.) • Well, (he Japanese
packed my things and Levy's together.
"When Levy came with his search war- j
rant il was in the parlor) I handed him
my keys and said, 'Here, .go through |
everything. Anything that belongs to j
you J. shall be most glad to let you nave. ;
Some of the things had gone to the wash,
: the French laundry. (Some people have ;
advised me to go to the Chinese laundry,
but 1 do as well at the French laundry— l
! get family rates.) 1 expect the wash from j
I the laundry this evening. (I must get the I
j curtains up to-night.) And if Mr. Levy
will come up I will be glad to have him
I go over the clothes and take what be-
longs to him. I sent him a message to
that effect by my attorney, W. A. Rich
ardson. (Mr. Richardson dined with me
on Friday night.)"
When Mrs. Marceau had finished her
narrative Judge Mogan decided that there
was no evidence of criminal Intent, a.nd
the fair defendant, smiling and happy,
looked beamingly on the court and said:
"I have two sons. I must have my
name clear for their sakes."
AN ENERGETIC PASTOR
Rev. W. B. Anderson Hopes to Re-
duce His Church's Debt.
Rev. W. B. Anderson, pastor of Bethel
A. M. E. Church, Powell street, near
Jackson, has the membership of his
church well organized. They have been
on a financial campaign for several weeks
trying by church entertainments and so
licitations to get $1200 together by to-mor
row, the 14th. Their church property has
a mortgage of $6500 upon it, but this the
pastor, who enjoys the highest esteem of
his Bock, together with them, has worked
nobly during the last three years to free
the church from debt. It Was thought at
one time before Rev. Mr. Anderson took
charge that the church would be lost, but
since he has had charge and proved to be
the right sort of leader all fear of such
j a catastrophe is banished. The church !
i was almost $9000 ln debt three years ago; ;
j now its Indebtedness is $6500.
The rally that takes place to-morrow i
■ promises to surpass any previous gather
j ing. The congregation is deserving of
! public help and the people will doubtless
; turn out and assist materially In relieving
this burdened church.
Following is the programme: 6 a. m
prayer meeting, led by the pastor; 11 a.
m., sermon by Rev. John Pointer, P. E ;
1:30 p. m., rally by the Sunday-school, j
H. Fisher, superintendent; 3 p. m., ad
dresses by Rev. E. T. Cottman of Oak
; land and Rev. T. Brown of Zion's Church;
7:4.", p. m.. Rev. J. li. Kelly of the Third
Baptist Church and Rev. T. Brown of
Zlon's Church will have charge; Rev
Kelly will -reach the sermon and Rev!
Mr. Brown will make the appeal for the
collection. At this service all of the dif
ferent clubs will make their report, and it '
i is quite assured that the $1200 asked for
| will ice realized.
Her Application Denied.
Judge Hunt has dismissed the second
petition of Mrs. Clara Augusta Gordon
Wilson for partial distribution to her and
her four children of a portion of the estate
of the late John C. Wilson, the capitalist,
who died in 1897. Wilson left behind him
a will In which he bequeathed the bulk of
an estate valued at $200,000 to his widow,
Agnes Wilson, and the residue to two
sons. John C. and Hugh Wilson.
Eighteen months* afterward Mrs. Clara
Augusta Gordon Wilson, claiming to be a
widow, of the deceased, petitioned the
court for a partial distribution of the
estate and asked that decedent's will be
revoked and set aside. Judge Hunt yes
terday decided that the application for a
partial distribution of the estate ■ was
nothing but an application to revoke the
will, which was barred by the statute of
limitations. .Hence he dismissed the ap
plication, and the estate will be distrib
uted according to the will heretofore filed.
Trunks, valises, pocket books and diaries.
Best goods, best values, at Sanborn &
Vail's, 741 Market street. - - -' - -■■■•• ■
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
THREE PEOPLE CAUGHT
IN SIDEWALK ELEVATORS
JA.MES ALLIATO. a workman in
the employment of P. H. Jackson
& Co. at 228 First street, met with
a terrible death yesterday morn
ing in the sidewalk elevator on the
premises of the Remington Arms
Company at 425 Market street. He had
been sent by his employers to make
certain repairs and Improvements to
the elevator of the Remington Arms
Company building, and having occa
sion to open the Iron doors in the side
walk he started on the elevator, in
tending to unlock the doors in his up
ward passage and thus emerge from
the basement. But the elevator went
too fast for him, or he lost his pres
ence <*f mind, and before he had a
chance to open the doors he was
crushed against a girder in the side
walk.
The victim was still breathing and
moaning when placed in the ambu
lance, but he died before the vehicle
reached the City Receiving Hospital.
The body was taken to the Morgue
and an inquest will be held.
Alllato was unmarried, a native of
Switzerland, 35 years old.
Marion Cohen, a cash boy in Bea
mish's store. 91S Market street, was
seriously injured in a sidewalk ele
vator yesterday afternoon, both bones of his left leg being fractured. The
boy was sent to the basement to wait till the scavengers had taken away
the refuse. After they left he went Into the elevator, locked the door and
took hold*Of the? rope to start It. He pulled on the rope too hard and the
elevator gave a sudden jerk that caused the boy^S head to strike against
the top and he fell. His left leg was jammed between the wall and the bot
tom of the elevator.
Cohen's cries for help were heard by several of the employes in the store *
and they ran to his assistance. As the door was locked It took some time *
and ingenuity to get the boy out of his painful predicament, and as soon as *
lie was released he fainted. He was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where .
it was found that he had sustained a compound fracture of both-t>ones of the ■
left leg. He lives at 1617 Church street. *
About the same time John McGrath, a boy employed in the delivery de- *
partment In Hale Bros." store on Market street and who lives at 1620 Church *
•street, was taken to the hospital with lacerated wounds of the forehead *
and eyebrows. He went to the New York Kitchen, 915 Market street, to col- *
lect a bill, and thought he would go to the basement in the chute used for
lowering boxes. When he got Inside the wind blew the door on him and he
was struck on the head and knocked senseless. *
*
******************* * ******** -■,;. a;, .*. .«. # # -. £
AVAILABLE FOR
PRESIDENT OF
THE UNIVERSITY
List of Names Before
the Regents.
— ♦ —
ELECTION WAS POSTPONED
— ♦- —
THE FINANCIAL AFFAIRS MUST
FIRST BE ADJUSTED.
*
Proposition to Tax Students Is De
feated Measures to Solve the
Money Problem to Be
Discussed.
♦
0-»o4o+©+o+o+o<K}-K>4<HQ+o+®
q NAMES ON THE LIST. $
-♦- ♦ I
5 Material from which sixteen +
q regents may select a president: Q
X J. E. STUBBS, President '
P Nevada University. 9
0 BENJAMIN I. WHEELER, O
>- Ithaca, New York. + J
J E. N. VALLANDIGHAM, $
© Wilmington, Delaware. © j
J FRANK W. BLACKMAR, J
S Lawrence, \ Kansas. 4-
P PROFESSOR PRITCHETT, $
O Washington, D. C. ©
g PROFESSOR CUMMINOS, +
+■ Harvard College. +
P . PRESIDENT HYDE, Bow- ¥
© doin College, Brunswick, Me. ©
▼ A. F. WEST, Princeton Col- ♦
T lege. M| ' +
q ARTHUR R. MARSH, Uni- O
♦ versity of Kansas. X
J ALEX S. MACKENZIE, g
q Philadelphia. ©"
♦ EDWIN M. HOPKINS, ►
© Lawrence, Kansas. P
© DR. JACOB VOORSAN- ©
1 GER, San Francisco. X
♦ M. E. WADSWORTH, Har- +
P yard College. ©
$ PROF. JAMESON, Brown $
x University. ♦
X JOHN QOSS, San Fran- $
© cisco. ©
© DR. T. A. BACKUS, Brook- X
+ lyn, New York. X
J W. LE COUNT STEVENS, J
q Washington, D. C. q
♦ JOSHUA A. LIPPINCOTT,. +
O Kansas City, Missouri. - O
q WILLIAM CARY JONES, $
+ Berkeley, California. +
0 DR. J. H. RAYMOND, ©
X Wheeling, West Virginia. ©
♦ DR. NORTHUP, State Uni- ♦ ■
X versity, Minnesota. +
5 .J ".©'
t^OXHCHOO * O ♦©♦©♦©♦©♦O+P
At the special session of the Board of
Regents yesterday afternoon the election
of a new president of the State Uni
versity was deferred until the regular
meeting in June. The regents attending
the meeting yesterday were: T. G. Phelps
(presiding), James A. Waymire, Dr.
George C. Pardee, A. B. Spreckels, Alden
Anderson. Thomas J. Kirk, Charles \V.
Slack, Arthur Rodgers, Dr. Chester Row
ell, General Houghton. John E. Budd,
E. A. Denlcke. A. S. Hallldie, H. 6. Foote,
William T. Wallace. Albert Miller and
President Kellogg.
According to the estimates of tne
finance committee the additional sum of
$47,000 is needed to maintain the Institu
tion for the next year. A proposition to
impose a tax on the Students to raise the
amount required provoked a vigorous re
sistance. •
Judge Wallace contended that it would
be contrary to law to Impose the tax. It
would be a shook to the public sentiment
of the State if the regents should do this
thing. He spoke logically and earnestly
against the proposed measure of taxa
tion.
Dr. Rowell of Fresno registered a pro
test against the proposed tax. He be
lieved the exigencies of the case could be
met by other plans. He was in favor of
revising the budget and reducing ex
penses.
The proposition to tax the students was
defeated. The regents who voted to im
pose the tax were: Denicke, Kellogg,
Hallldie, Houghton, Miller and Phelps.
In further discussion respecting means
JAMES ALLIATO.
for adjusting the financial difficulties the
statement was made by Regent Budd
that salaries had been increased $100,000 '
in the past three years.
Judge . Waymire believed that th* re- '
gents could safely count on receiving
next year more money from the 2 cent
tax than was secured this year
Mr. Hallldie gave notice that he would
not vote to elect a new president until
the financial affairs of the institution
were settled.
Judge Slack believed in having a frank
talk with the heads of departments at
Berkeley. He called to mind that financial ;
distress in the past had been tided over
without recourse to a tax on students
The suggestion was made that $7700 ex
pended on a fad. known as pedagogy or
teaching teachers how to teach, might be
saved. No one suggested bringing a suit
to recover $2400 paid for lobbying at Sac
ramento two years ago.
Regents Rowell. Slack and Denicke
were appointed to assist the finance com
mittee In devising a plan to overcome the
financial obstacles now confronting the !
university. The committee, was In
structed to submit a report at the June" :
meeting.
When Regent Rodgers observed tnat
his associates on the board, and particu
larly Hallldie and Miller, were in no
frame of mind promising unanimity in
the selection of a president, he moved
that the subject be postponed until the
June meeting. y>, . •
Mr. Hallldie handed to the secretary
the list of names submitted or recom
mended. He said the men whose names
were on the list were not candidates for
the presidency. They were not seeking
the office, but had been recommended.
At the suggestion of one of the regents,
the secretary began to read the names.
He got no further along than the first
name— that of J. E. Stubbs, president of
the Nevada State University— before pro
tests were entered against giving the ■
names to the public.
Regents Wallace and Foote wanted to
know what good could be served by with
holding the names from the public.
Mr. Rodgers gave an example of the
evil effects of publicity. He said, for in
stance, if D. C. Oilman's name should be !
on the list and the list made public it
might place Mr. Oilman in a delicate posi- I
tion before his trustees. The same might
be said of President Adams of the Wis
consin University. The convincing and
unanswerable arguments of Regent Rod- :
gers had so much weight that the board
decided to give the list of names to the j
regents but not to the press.
The list in question appears at the head :
of this report of the special meeting, but
It should be considered that it is there for '
! the convenience of regents and not for i
public enlightenment.
ADV ERTISEMENTS.
$1,250,000 First Mortgage 6 Per Gent Gold Bonds,
250,000 7 Per Gent Cumulative Preferred Stock
OF THE
Pacific Coast Biscuit Company
IS HEREBY OFFERED FOR SUBSCRIPTION AT PAR,
Being the part not already subscribed for of the authorized issue of $1,500,000
Bonds, .$1,600,000 Preferred Stock and $2, 500 Common Stock of the above com-
pany. .?'...--"-.
OFFICERS: President. Charles M. Warner; Ist Vice President, Samuel Suss-
man; 2d Vice President, Herman Wittenberg; Treasurer, Turner A. Beall; Sec-
retary. Louis Saroni; Auditor, Harold Gibson.
DIRECTORS: Samuel Sussman. James Dunn, Herman »v lttenberg, J. K. C.
Hobbs. Albert M. Brookes, Louis Saroni. Charles M. Warner, Thomas A. Mcln-
tyre. Turner A. Beall, William H. Corbin.
TRUSTEE: Produce Exchange Trust Company. New York.
REGISTRARS: Union Trust Company, San Francisco; State Trust Company.
New York. N. Y. /
TRANSFER AGENTS: Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Bank. San Francisco; Produce
Exchange Trust Company. New York. N. Y.
COUNSEL: Lloyd & Wood. San Francisco; Ide & Ryan, Syracuse, N. V. ;
Wm. Hildreth Field & Deshon. New York.
THE PACIFIC COAST BISCUIT COMPANY owns and comprises the follow-
ing well-known long-established and profitable companies: The American Biscuit
Company. San Francisco, Cal.; Portland Cracker Company, Portland, Or. ; Wash-
ington Cracker Company, Spokane, Wash.; Seattle Cracker and Candy Company,
Seattle. Wash.: Oregon Cracker Company, Portland, Or.; Southern California
Cracker Company, Los Angeles, Cal., and the Standard Biscuit Company, San
Francisco. Cal.
All of the properties are valuable. The machinery and equipment are modern
and of -high degree of efficiency. The properties are free of all debts and in-
cumbrances and the new corporation starts with ample working capital.
The product is a staple necessity. The industry is an Important and growing
one and is not affected by the tariff or financial disturbances.
The management, as can readily be seen, is strong, experienced, capable
and Conservative.
A thorough examination of these properties has been made by Mr. Robert
Shaw of Chicago, who has been for many years in the Biscuit Business, who
certifies that they are valuable and well adapted to the business. An expert
accountant engaged by the organizers of the new corporation certifies, after a
thorough examination of the accounts for a period of years, that the earnings of
the various companies operated separately have made for a number of years
past, In spite of the severe competition which has existed among them, a net
average annual profit of $205,000 per annum and that a conservative estimate of
the earnings of the company after consolidation would be in excess of $400,000
without raising the price of standard goods to the Consumer.
The PREFERRED STOCK of $100 per share is cumulative, and dividends of
7 per cent are payable semi-annually. It has full voting power and together with
the common stock is registered and is issued full paid non-assessable, carrying
no personal liability.
The GOLD BONDS of $1000 each .are a first mortgage on the land, buildings
and machinery of the Corporation. Interest 6 % per annum, payable' May and
November. Dated May Ist, 1899, and run for 20 years, with privilege of being
redeemed after 10 years at 105. A sinking fund of $25,000 per annum begins
three years from date of organization, to be set aside before payment of dividend
on common stock. Bonds may be registered. *
The COMMON STOCK has been entirely subscribed for by those directly in-
terested in the management.
Application will be made to list the Bonds and Stock on the New York and San
Francisco Exchanges. /'
SUBSCRIPTIONS to the $1,250,000 Bonds and $250,000 Preferred Stock. at par
will be payable 10 % on application and 90 % on allotment Immediately after
closing of subscription books. ...
The subscription list will be opened simultaneously at 10 o'clock a. m. on
WEDNESDAY. MAY 10th, and close at 3 o'clock p. m. on Monday, May 15th.
at the following named Trust Companies and Banks:
UNION TRUST COMPANY... .......San Francisco. Cal.
~ WELLS. FARGO & CO.'S 8ANK. ........ .5an Francisco. Cal.
SECURITY SAVINGS & TRKST CO...... Portland; Oregon.
EXCHANGE NATIONAL 8ANK;.. ...... Spokane, Wash.
FARMERS' & MERCHANTS' BANK.... Angeles, Cal.
BOSTON NATIONAL BANK Seattle, Wash.
PACIFIC NATIONAL 8ANK..... ....Tacoma. Wash. -_
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST CO. New York City, N. Y.-
Prospectuses and forms of application may be obtained at any of the above
offices.
PRODUCE EXCHANGE TRUST COMPANY, NEW YORK.
ADVERTISEMENTS. g.lJfsS
(^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^b^o^o^o^o^o^oe^o-^o^o^
<$>
o
<•>
o
<*>
o
o
o
1 o
' «>
' o
<;>
; On to-day (Saturday) our RE- <jj>
; ORGANIZATION SALE will be £
» marked by the introduction of £
• some special bargains in our . . o
I CLOAK and SUIT, MOURNING * t
I GOODS, HOSIERY and RIBBON |
departments. °
> We strongly commend these °
; particu'ar lines to the at 4 n» on of I
>  i  o
I the public . <$>
r o
1 i ntk °
aa . ♦
\ Mf^W#C^ %
> -r^V Murphy Building, / °
! Market anil Jones Streets. |
o
1 o
> A
1 b
> <^
1 o
!
1 o
1 o
1 o
o
POLICE WANT A PATROL BOAT.
Members of the Board of Health ap
peared before the Health and Police Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors yes
terday and presented reasons why the
State quarantine boat should not be taken
away from the Health Department and
turned over to the Police Department for
use in patrolling the water front. Dr.
Williamson and others stated that the
State laws require that the State Quaran
tine Officer shall board and inspect all
Incoming vessels and that It would be im
possible to perform, this duty as required
by statute should the quarantine boat be
turned* over to the Police Department.
He stated that the inefficiency of the
Federal quarantine service made it im
perative that the present system of quar
; antine be continued in order to protect
' the city against the introduction and
spread of contagious diseases.
Chief Lees, on behalf of the Police De
partment, said that he was not particular
whether he was given the use of the pres
■ ent quarantine boat or some other equally
serviceable vessel, but that the necessi
ties of his department demanded a boat,
and he looked to the Board of Supervisors
to provide him with one. The matter was
taken under advisement by the com- j
mittee. I
The committee considered Informally
the proposition of the San Francisco Ath- j
letic Club to hold a boxing contest In the I
near future. The club has not applied
for and has not been granted a permit to
hold the fight which is now being adver
j tised on all of the downtown street cor
ners nor has It paid the necessary license
fee. ' Chief Lees assured the members of
the committee that unless the club com
plied with all of the requirements of the
law he would not permit the exhibition
1 to be held.
Be Sure
And get to-day's News Letter, which
contains photo-chromatic plate No. 2 of
the elegant series of colored pictures of
park views. These park scenes show
the true colors of trees, grasses, (low
ers and buildings. Plate No. 2 shows
the Art Museum, the new music stand,
grounds and trees about it. Given
away free with to-day's News Letter.
. o ■
• Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Orren B. Miller against Frank A. Miller
for cruelty, and Anna N. M. Schulz
against Albert Schulz on the ground of
extreme cruelty.
] m For the Best $10 Suit
1 1 CT. to orjer you must goto /
m^t JOE POHFJM. ;
i E__w___\ or $^ y° u can g* l *
i _________% 1 r " - well maie and v.e : l
| tr___j___f* tr'mmed suit a:
Wm JOE POHEIM'S.
! Will cost elsewhere $40. /
i P^^ *' ' w "°'' 4t vl sh-r.ut i 1
X* w Pa^ts _) o d^r from $4 i|
[SP^ JOE POHEIM'S,;:
20 -203 Montgomery St. Cor. Bush J 1
111-0-1 ft-rttet St ., S. F. 'i 1
PURE, HEALTHY, /*>__
FRAGRANT. Ml
The unnatural odor from per- T^gß/ t^
spiration and all other Impurities \__**^
i are speedily and completely removed and the
i entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
i tone by the dally use. In toilet and bath, of
WOODBURT'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
! BURT'S Facial Cream.
FURNITURE
- OF THE
ALEXANDRIA HOTEL, 781 SUTTER ST.
100 ROOMS.
j Consisting of Solid Oak Sets, Dressers, Che-
• vals. Chiffoniers. Chairs, Rockers. Writing
Desks, Bookcases, Folding Buds, Box Couches.
Enamel Beds, Wardrobes, Blankets, Bedding,
■ Carpet. etc,
' V. 111 be sold by the piece, room or in lots to
suit. Open for inspection and sale from 9 a.
m. daily on the premises. 731 Sutter street.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part. .
ZAZtLc AiNU VERNON,
. - \ '".. Triple Bar Artists.
LA PETITE LUND,
Cleverest Child Actress.
HUGH STANTON AND I'XORENv. MODE-
NA in the satire, "FOR REFORM."
JAS. RICHMOND GLENROT, Monologist.
JOHN LE CLAIR, Comic Juggler.
SISTERS HAWTHORNE, new act, "The Lily
of the Laguna."
THE VALDARES. DILLON RROTHERS.
rr>T-r> v - "t.pov ' tcTrt>c
NEXT WEEK— from Europe, the
MONTROSE TROUPE, six people; the Two
ESCAMILLOS. and others.
ALCAZAR™
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
'•'■'e»':.;- ""
Clay M. Greene's Farcical Comedy.
HIS
JAPANESE WIFE!
R seats ed •' ■ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Seats by Telephone, 'lain 264.
/\
PLAY / \ BALL
/ AT \
/ \
RECREATION PARK, \
/ Eighth and Harrison Sts. \
\ OAKLAND /
• V vs. : /
\watsonyille/
to-day \ / sunday
\ /
3P. M. V 2:30 P. M,
GLEN PARK.
SPECIAL THIS SUNDAY, MAY 14.
BALLOON ASCENSION.
PARACHUTE JUMP. J &
PRIZE CONTESTS. & §
PINE VAUDEVILLE. *»
GRAND CONCERT. i
SAXOPHONE QUARTET.
BLACK FACED COMEDY.
MIND READING.
MUSICAL SELECTIONS.
ADMISSION, 10 CENTS.
COMING— GRAND CIRCUS.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.*
matiNee TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT!
Sunday Night and All Next Week.
HAVE YOU BEEN PUT Al I TO IT?
HAVE YOU DECIDED 1 liU THE NIGHT?
PUT ON YOUR
LAUGHING CAP AND ---
TAKE A NIGHT fiCCf
BEFORE IT IS TAKEN Ujl J
Charles Frohman's Most Amusing Comedy..
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE GREATEST SUCCESS OF THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
AS GREAT A TRIUMPH AS "THE MIKADO."
The Most Gorgeous Japanese Production Ever
Seen in the City. ' --"* ■'".-■-
-EVERY EVENING.
i LITTLE TYCOON.
SEE THE MARVELOUSLY BEAUTIFUL
AND ENCHANTING JAPANESE DANCE.
PRICEB, 25 AND 50 CENTS. RESERVED
• GALLERY IS CENTS.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Branch Ticket Office. 724 Market Street, Oppo-
site Call Building.
NEXT WEEK-Grand Double Bill. "CAVAL-
LERIA RUSTICANA" and "PINAFORE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling Proprietor and Mgr.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
TO-NIGHT AT 8-99 th TIME.
The Japanese Musical Play,
THE GEISHA
TO-MORROW EVENING.
100 th Perforates ~_&st Tims -SOUVENIR NIGHT.
SEATS NOW ON SALE FOR
Offenbach's Operatic Fantasle,
"OKr'HKI'S A>l< ■ IK Vl ',' '.
TO BEGIN NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
Popular Prices 26c and 500
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
May 13th and 14th.
OPEN AND EXTRA STAKES
__— NOMINATIONS— I2B.
PBIZ_]«ONEY— $1010
TRAIN SERVICE.
Special trains leave Third and Townsend sts..
Saturday. 10:30 a. m. and 12:55 p. m. Sunday,
11 a, m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-fifth and
Valencia sts., five minutes later. Returning
from park immediately after last course. Ex-
tra train from park on Sunday at 4:4". p. m.
San Mateo electric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling. Boating. Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c. Children. 15c; including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiburon ferry at 10:80 a. m.. 11:19
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. L 11 and 5 p. m.
SUTRO BATHS.
i OPEN NIGHTS
Open Dally From 1 a. m. to 11 p. m. Bathing
From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing. including admission. 25c. children. Via.
DR.MCNDLTY.
WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist cure. Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eiises o» Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Mec.free. Over 20 y'ra" experience.
PatienWcurPdat Home. Terms reasonable. Hoursd
to3d:illy;>_a0to8::» ev'gs. Sundays, JO to 12. consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrew
P. ROSCOE McXILTY, M.D.
20', Kearny St., Han Francisco. Cal.
P. Okie-eater's English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<K*V Original and Only Gcnala*. A
j- ,/ vA a*rc, _w»ji reliiblc. ladies uk/SV
>e_K Us* — . Drajrirt fbr Chichester. Vnflieh n.q-iB-\
l^%iO/\_W_jß_'ni>nd Brand la Bed and Geld -*ulU«\\_r
fcV —^fifS^oiex, ieml«d wita blue ribboo. Take Vp^
7*l Sc^ *__ BO •ther. Refuse duKgtrout iu^<tt(u- v
I*l ~ fVtian. and imitation*. At DrogrUta, or tend 4*
I it*. Jjf is ttampi far jiortleol&ri, «««_monl»li j»<
VV* 0 "Kellef for Ladles," in letter, iy ret am
Jc. tr Mall. 1 0.000 T.iUsoniali. Kmtu Paper.
_ *-^r«r^lnhc«terOet_lcalCo..Mc»iii>so«Sq;«»r«>>
Met bj ■-! Local Drnggtsts. PniLAt>A- IfF
_> _tf_____tt---*M S Bls ** '* a ncn -POH-WiO-at
t*___^_w^^^^__\_M remedy for Gonbrrhosa,
A_WSr CCHKt^^K Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
gSgkW In 1 to t dayev^w Whites, unnatural dig.
_WJm_W o__»a-«l _\ charges, or any inflamma-
ffefifejf not to Mrietora. lion, irritation or ulcera-
p»— j|PreTtcu eootajion. tion of mucous mem-
Triltf HEEVUHS CHEMictl.no. branea. Non-Mtrin?ent.
\^BtCINOINH*TI,O.Baa' SoW »»y »ru ist«,
-3 a __gT or sent in plain wrapper,
•iJ'ef'-fR--^ ' '_rf*l I .* express, Prepaid, fog
immW*\\ Wi I - 00 ' or 3 bottle*, (2.76.
M Circuiar Mat «_ r_j"_jgfc
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay lower and demoralized.
Considerable change in Deans.
Potatoes steady and Onions weak.
Vegetables about the same.
Larger supplies of Butter.
cheese lower. Eggs steady.
Poultry about the same.
Larger assortment of Fresh Fruits.
Heavy purchases of Prunes.
Hams continue active and firm.
Veal scarce and higher.
Hogs firm. Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Decreased exports of Produce.
Large Increase in Mint coinage.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates in circu
lation April 3i) were as follows:
$35^999 $32^5.029
J $32,845,029
Silver".'.'.'....! 592.656.674 179,249
Treasury 99.588,970 93,559.041
Tota l 9 $52.8.227,543 $526,783,319
There was $47,620 taken out of circulation last
month. During the past twelve months there
has been an increase of $7,700,0e)0 in silver cer
tificates and a decrease of $6,000,000 in treasury
notes.
MONEY' IN GOVERNMENT VAULTS.
United States Treasurer Ellis R. Roberts re- !
ports the amount of money on hand at the j
close of April as follows:
Gold coin $158.529.3c>J
Gold bulli.cn 120.829,945
Sliver dollars 412.503.833
Small silver 6.926,631
Silver bullion 87,916,328
Total specie .$786,632,046 '
United States notes 34.62J.61l
Treasury notes of 1890 959.231
Gold certificates 1,641.800
Sliver certificates 3,647.255
Currency certificates 60.000
National banknotes 3.919.501
Minor coin, etc 378,903
Deposits in national banks 85,170.595
Miscellaneous 132,568
Total .$917,165,518
At the close of April. 1898, the money in these
vaults amounted to $831,117,863. Of this amount |
$730,084,419 was in specie, including 8133,518,601
in gold coin and {83,671,535 in gold bullion. The I
silver bullion on hand is over $11,000,000 less j
than it was a year ago.
PRODUCE EXPORTS.
.
Produce exports fr»m this port during the j
flrst four months of the year were $10.333, 000,
against $13,283, 700 during the same time in 1898,
the leading destinations being as follows: At
lantic ports. $973,300; Great Britain. $987,900; |
China. $1, 390,50 c); Japan. $1,542,900; Australia.
$525,100: British Columbia. (319.300; Siberia,
$805,200; Mexico, $492,800; Central America. $616.
--600: Hawaiian Islands, $2,451,700; Philippine
Islands, $17>\600.
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the United States for the cur
rent fiscal year to date is as follows:
Double eagles $70,195,660 00
Eagles 9.910,870 0c)
Half eagles 15,047, 00 |
Quarter eagles 60,245 O-'t '
Silver dollars 14.830,636 00
Hal: dollars 2,821 00 i
Quarter dollars 3.224,159 CM)
Dimes 1,810 30
Five cents 870,424 2-1
Cents 300,480 06
Total $118,572,206 56
In 1597-IS9S 64,52),57S 07
WEATHER REPORT. j
(12eMh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 12, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date ■
last season, and rainfall in ' last twenty-four |
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 32.84 31.36 j
Red Bluff 0.00 20. 00 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 14.00 5.87
San Francisco 0.00 16.00 7.75
Kresmo 0.00 7.03 4.19 !
San Luis Obispo 0.00 16.46 6.16
Los Angeles 0.00 4.95 6.60
San Diego 0.00 4.91 4.62
Tuma O.Go 1.34 1.63
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 46; mean. 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The area of high pressure central Friday
morning over the northwest coast has moved
steadily inland. The pressure has fallen slow
ly along the entire Pacific slope, but no well
marked depression is to be noted.
The temperature has fallen about * degrees
in the great valleys of California, but will rise
to-mom>w. Generally warmer weather with
high maximum temperatures in the interior
may be expected Saturday and Sunday. The
maximum temperatures to-day did not exceed
jeci degrees, except at Yuma, where 102 degrees
is reported. No rain has fallen In California.
A maximum wine! velocity of 28 miles per hour
from the south ls reported at Idaho Falls,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 13;
Northern California— and warmer Sat
urday; northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair and warmer Sat- j
urday night and Sunday; north winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity Fair Saturday;
warmer; north, changing to west wind.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 12— The bulls had the
better of the speculative contest to-day, but
the edge was taken off the rise in the last
few minutes of trading by a vigorous bear
raid. The continued purchases for London ac
count, and the. lack of strain in either the
money or sterling exchange markets were
features of confidence. Moreover, It was an
nounced that ' the final $5,000,000 warrant in
connection with the Spanish indemnity would
he deposited in a local bank, which announced
that all the needed exchange had been secured,
and this was favorably Interpreted as to its
probable effect on sterling exchange. The
known movements of money, although often
misleading, were thought to forecast a favor
able bank statement, as there had been but
few known Industrial consolidations financed.
At times the stock market was very erratic.
There was first a recession from the opening
high level, and then a gradual recovery until
near the close. Sugar moved over a radius
of nearly ten points and closed with a rise
of six; Brooklyn Transit lost nearly a point
net. but closed nearly two points above the
figures reached in the raid. American Tobacco
lost nearly three points after a dip of twice
as much. Metropolitan dropped to 218%, jumped
over six "points and left off with a gain of
over two points. The Iron and steel shares
were rather weak, as were the coalers, but
the Pacifies and grangers were strong with
fractional advances appearing pretty generally
ln the rest.
Immense blocks of high grade mortgages were
taken to-day at Improved prices and the
strength of these issues exercised a stimulat
ing effect on the speculative liens. Consider
able activity was noted The market generally
Improved. Total sales $4,530,000.
United States new fours and the old fours
coupon advanced %, nnd do registered and the
threes % in the bid price. '
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted
to 629,380 shares, including: American Hoop,
MOO; American Steel and Wire, 16,000; Ameri
can Sugar, 108,900; American Tobacco, 32,300;
Anaconda, 7000; Atchison, 5000; Atchison pre
ferred, 29,800; Baltimore and Ohio, 11,000; Balti
more and Ohio preferred W. 1., 3300; Brooklyn
Transit. 100,600; Central Pacific, 6800; Chicago
Burlington and Quincy rights, 8800; Chicago'
Burlington and Quincy, 13.400: Chicago Con
solidated Traction. 4300; Chicago Great West
ern. 5100; Consolidated Tobacco. 18,600; do pre
ferred. 1100; Federal Steel, 17.500; do preferred
4500; Louisville and Nashville. 10,200; Manhat
tan Consolidated. 27.300; Metropolitan Street
Railway. 6100; Mexican Central, 5600; Missouri
Pacific, 4300: National Steel. 3900: New York
Central, 3300; Northern Pacific, 8700; Pacific
Mail, 6500; People's Gas, 14,800; Reading flr«t
preferred, 18,800; Reading second preferred
4200: Rock Island, 5700; St. Paul, 20.900; South
ern Pacific, 3300; Southern Railway preferred
8000; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 4300; Union Pa
cific, 6700; do preferred, 1400; Western Union,
2000. ■ ... "
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 18% St Louis &6 W 13*
Do prefd 65% Do prefd '" «i 2
Baltimore & Ohio. 69% St Paul 'vi
Canada Pacific... 97% Do prefd..!!!! 169
Canada Southern.. 64 St P&Om . 92
Central Pacific... 47% Do prefd.!!.'! !.""i7O
<"hes & Ohio 25% So Pacific. . '" 29U
Chi & Alton 160 So Railway...;!'" 121?
Chi B & Q.. 132% Do prefd... "'7
Chi * E 111 76 Texas & Pacific " 20"
Do prefd 121 Union Pacific 43%
Chi O W 14% Do prefd.... '' 76
Chi Ind & L 9 Wabash " 73.
Do prefd 40 I Do prefd ' 21
Chi & N W 153-4 , Wheel & L E ~ 10%
Do prefd 192 Do prefd 297J
C C C & St L i.5 Express Companies-
Do prefd HI Adams Ex, ex-dtv.Ho
Del & Hudson lis American Ex 140
Del L & W 166% United States... . 47%
Den & Rio G 23 I Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 77% I Miscellaneous-
Erie (new) 12%, A Cot Oil 25%
Do Ist prefd 34% Do prefd, ex-dlv. 91' a
Ft Wayne IS4 |Am Spirits _»
<;t Nor prefd 183 I Do prefd 33
Hocking Val 10%' Am Tobacco 1110%
Illinois Central. 114% Do prefd Hi
Lake Erie & W... 17 | Cons Gas ,ASi
Do prefd 67 j Com Cable C 0..." .15,0
Lake Shore 198 Col F & Iron 46%
Louis A. Nash 65%! Do prefd 110
Manhattan L 111% Gen Electric 116%
Met St Rv 222 Haw Cm Co 122%
Michigan Central. .ll.l Brooklyn R T 118%
Minn & St L 57% Intl Paper 49%
Do Ist pre I'd 100% Do prefd si",
Mo Pacific 44', Laclede Gas 53
Mobile & Ohio 40 Lead 31%
Mo K& T 12% Do prefd 113%
Do prefd 34 Federal Steel 61%
N J Central 112% Do prefd 81%
N V Central 183 Nat Lin Oil i
N V C * St L.... 12% Pacific Mail 50*
Do Ist prefd 65 People's Gas. ex-d.UK%
Do 2d prefd 30 Pullman Pal 158%
Nor West 190 Silver Certificates. 61
No Amer Co 11% Standard It & T... 8%
No Pacific 50% Sugar 154
Do prefd 76% Do prefd 116%
Ontario & W 24 ;T C & Iron 59
Or R & N prefd... 67 |v s Leather 6%
Pnc C Ist prefd.... S3 Do prefd..... 70
Do 2d prefd 57 C S Rubber 51
Pittsburg 184 Do prefd lit',
Reading 20% Western Union 91%
Do Ist prefd 56% Am S & V Co 85%
ROW .*. . 84 Do prefd 97%
Do prefd 76% j Pac Coast 3s
Rock Island 112 I Nor & W prefd.... 67
Pt Louis & 8 F... 11% Colo Southern 5%
Do prefd 69% Do Ist prefd 46
Do 2d prefd 37 I Do 2d prefd .... 17%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 99% Colo So 4s 86%
Do 3s 108% MX & T 2d5.... 66%
Do coup 108% Do is 94%
I' S new 1s reg 129% - Central ists .115%
Do coup 129% N J Central gen 55. 120
I' S old 4s reg.... 112% North Carolina 6s. 122
Do coup 113% Do 4s I'll
U S Si reg 112% N P Ists 120
Do coup 112% Do 3e 67%
District 3.1»s 117 '• Do is 104
Ala class A 110 IKY C* 8 L 45..1n0%
Do b 110 Nor & W con4s... 94%
Do C l"i c Do gen 6s 131
Do Currency ....100 Or Nay ists in
At. li gen I- .... 101% d is 103%
Do adjt Is 82% 0 S Line 'is 131%
Canada So 2ds 111 '.' S Line con 5s 111%
C & O 4'fes 94% Reading Gen' 4s.... 87%
Do ie 118% R G W lets 98
C ft N Con 7s 144% B L ft I M con 55. 110%
Do deb 5a 121% I. &S F Gen 65. 124%
Chi Term 4s 100% St P Con 158
D & R 'i lata - .V.105% st PC ft P ists.. 128%
Do is 102% Do 6a 123%
E T Vet ft Ga 15t5. 1054, {?o Ry 5a 110%
Erie Gen 4s 71% Standard R & T fis 87
Ft W & I' C Ists.. 84 Venn new set .15... 97%
Gen Elec as 114% Tex & Pac Ists 116 "
<.; H ft S A 65.... 114 I Do 2da 54%
Ie i 2ds 111% V P is lt*%
H ft T C 5a 113 i Wabash Ists 115
Do ('on fis 112% Do 2da 100
lowa Cent 1ata. .. .114% West Shore 4s .. 114
X c- P & G Ist*.. 65% 'Wis Cent Ists .... 70%
La new con 4a....H0%|Va Centuries 83%
L& N Uni 4s 98% 1 Do deferred .... .'
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 1 10
Con Cal ft Va 150 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 25
Gould & Curry 30. Do prefd 800
Hale ft Norcroaa.. 22. Sierra Nevada 88
Homestake 55 001 Standard 2 70
Iron Silver 58 1 Union Con lei
Mexican 47 1 'fellow Jacket 36
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 92'
Call loans 8%©4% Westingh Elec 48%
Time loans 3%©4% Do prefd 64%
Stocks— Wis Cent 1
A T & St Fe 18% Bonds-
Do prefd 55% Atchison 4s 100%
Amer Sugar 154 I Mining Shares-
Do prefd 116% Adventure • 11%
Rell Tel 347% Allouez Mln C 0.... 10
Boston & Albany.. Atlantic 32
Boston El 109 Boston & Mont.... 34$
Boston & Maine. .lßo Butte ft 805t0n.... 91
'hi Bur ft y 132% Calumet ft Hecla. 82
Fitchburg prefd ..IIS Centennial 35%
Gen Elec US Franklin 23%
Fed Steel 61% Humboldt 13%
Fed Steel prefd ... 81% Osceola 92
Mcx Cent 14% Parrott 62
Old Colony 209 Quincy 167%
Old Dominion 42-% Tamarack 220 "
Rubber 50% i Winona 11
Union Pac 43 .Wolverine 44%
Union Land 8
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 12.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were less active and less
strong to-day. Americans opened hard, coun
try buyers closing their accounts and there
being some fresh London buying. New York
accepted the rise for an hour, then the market
slipped away to the worst. Enthusiasm Is
evaporating here. Berlin is still buying Can
adian Pacific. Ttntos were 48%@49%; Ana
condas. 13 6-16; Utahs, 8%; Boston, 2%.
Money was stiff and on the settlement there
was a little borrowing at the hank. Silver
was dull. There was no pressure to sell, but
absolute lack of demand.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has reduced
the new stamp duty on American certificates
from 5, to 1 shilling. The Japanese loan of
£10,000,000 is being underwritten and will prob
ably be offered at 90 in a few days.
CLOSING.
LONDON. May 12. 4p. in Canadian Pacific.
100%; Northern Pacific preferred. SO: Union Pa
cific- preferred, 78%: Grand Trunk, 7%: Ana
condas, 12%. Rar Silver, unchanged, _><! per
ounce. Money, 1% per cent.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 12.— Bradstreet's financial
review to-morrow will say:
At the beginning of the week the market ex
perience.] a general decline, attended by con
siderable liquidation of long stock. On Wednes
day it rallied sharply on support by large in
terests and exceptionally large purchases for
London. This fact was. however, apparently
due to the existence- of a large interest in
Americans in the foreign market, while cov
ering by the local professional bears also con
tributed toward the recovery of prices. The
European purchasing continued on Thursday,
and there was also further evidence of support
from the so-called big people, but the market
developed hesitation and declining tendencies,
Its weakness centering in the stocks which
would be affected should the Ford franchise
tax law become cine of the laws of New York.
On Friday the action of speculation was Ir
regular. An early decline was checked by the
strength of Sugar and other manipulated
stocks, and the expectation of a good bank
statement also had an effect.
It is noticed that the drop In prices this week
was in the main the result of a purely specu
lative case, to wit, the Overbought condition
of the market. Stocks have accumulated ln
the hands of people who bought on margin in
expectation of continued rise The buying
power has, however, become measurably ex
hausted, while disappointment at the action of
the market produced as it would naturally a
disposition to realize. The decline of last week.
though not severe, aggravated this tendency,
while in many cases margins were weakened to
an extent which furnished occasion for en
forced liquidation. One of the most prominent
manipulative ooerators of the street, whose
name was by common report coupled with a
supposed bear syndicate, denies the impeach
ment. But other professional speculators cer
tainly took an aggressive stand on the bear
side and contributed by the selling pressure
they produced to bring about the outpouring of
long stocks which characterized the mark-is
on Monday and Tuesday. Other conditions.
however, played their separate parts in the
movement. The expectation of an unfavorable
Government crop report was considered, though
the street apparently disregarded on Wednes
day, and it was not until Thursday that the
Grager stocks were sold on the theory that the
report shows a reduction of the whole output
calculated' to affect railroad traffic and earn
ings. The market has not suffered from any
fears of tight money. On the contrary, sup
plies of funds seem to lie Increasing and the
rates were appreciably easier. The collection
from the Government of 815.000,000 of the Span
ish indemnity by the Institution which acted
In the matter of remitting the 820,000,000 was a
factor, and the movement of money now seems
to be toward the metropolis. The bond mar
ket has been unaffected by the events affect
ing speculative values, and the demand for in
vestments ls as large and almost as eager as
at any previous time. On the other hand the
financial public has finally begun to appreciate
the effects of the continued creation of new In
dustrials securities, and a conservative senti
ment has asserted Itself In this connection. It
■was generally remarked that th«» alleged propo
sition to erect a billion-dollar steel trust by a
combination of the industrials also formed In
that trade seemed to touch the limits of the in
dustrial movement, and some relief was felt
when it was known that the foundation for
this was merely the nlan to consolidate the
Carnegie properties and to purchase the inter
ests of their founder In them. The appetite of
the public for industrials has not. however, de
parted, as shown by the J412.000.000 subscription
to the $75,000,000 Stock of the amalgamated cop
per company, although that enterprise has
been severely criticized in some quarters, and it
is noted that the stock rose quickly from a pre
mium of about five to one of a fraction above
par.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITION?.
NEW YORK. May 12.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Reports as to trade conditions
are generally of a favorable tenor, notable
among these being advanced quotations for
many grades of iron and steel, increased ac
tivity in building lines reflected In heavy sales
of lumber at prices tending upward, a firmer
tone In the cotton goods market, sympathized
in by the raw product, bank clearings sur
passing all records for this week of the year,
railroad earnings maintaining recent gains and
business failures, as for some time past, down
to the minimum. Offsetting these in some
measure might be cited the seasonable quiet
ing down of wholesale distributing demand,
particularly for dry goods and clothing, but
most notable of all, the further weakening of
cereal values, reflecting the indifference of for
eign buyers, in spite of the definitely con
ceded fact that our winter wheat acreage has
been considerably curtailed, lower quotations
of hog products and some shading of prices In
sugar, copper and tin. If conditions of de
mand, supply, invisible wheat reserved and
foreign crop advices did not favor lower prices
the Government report might have been re
garded as a bullish publication. The weak
ness of the market, under the circumstances
may, therefore, be regarded as reflecting the
feeling among foreign consumers that good
crops abroad and the refilling of deplete, 1 re
serves from last year's yield will furnish
wheat In plenty.
The demand ln iron and steel does not weak
en. Production of plglron, though at a mln
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1599.
imum, is still inadequate, and the stocks of
plglron show a further decrease.' Reports that
possible foreign business in this line has been
rejected come from producing centers, but the
efforts of foreigners to obtain supplies here is,
nevertheless, testimony to their own productive
abilities being heavily taxed. It seems evi
dent that the first real inspiration In the wool
industry must come from abroad. Heavy buy
ing of Australian grades for re-export has
been again the feature, but coupled with this
are reported liberal sales at leading markets
of domestic wool to go abroad.
In the building trades, activity is very gen- j
erally reported, sales of lumber are large and I
the strong statistical position of nearly all j
grades foreshadows continued firmness or a |
further advance. Hides and leather are In 1
good demand for raw, while the manufactured
product is moving well at recent advances.
heat, including flour, for the week ag
gregate 3 284.182 bushels, against 3.484.051 bush
els last week, 3.646,542 bushels ln correspond
ing season of 1898, 2.183,875 bushels In 1897.
I 1,093,225 In ISM and 2.397.513 in 1895. Since July j
. 1 this season the exports of wheat aggre- 1
gate 203,058.848 bushels, against 202,523.013 bush- j
els last year.
Business failures for the week number 169,
against 164 last week, 250 In this week a year
ago. 251 In 1*97. 265 in 1896 and 210 in 1893. ,
Canadian failures number 21, against 23 last
week, 25 In this week a year ago, 31 in 1597,
; 34 in 1896 and 28 in 1595.
DUN'S WEEKLY REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, May 12.— G. Dun & Co. in
j their weekly review of trade will say:
To speak truly of business this week one
; must free the mind of stocks, for a severe
decline in manufacturing stocks has created
j an impression that It has some relation to I
productive industry, but it has none. There !
was no change in the money market worth !
I mentioning and the volume of business shown I
by payments through the principal clearing-
.uses was 71.5 per cent larger than, in 1892, '
the year > -i greatest prosperity hitherto, which l
ls more than double the gain anybody con
sidered possible a year ago.
Never before reaching a quarter of a mil
lion tons per week, the Iron Manufacturer
reports May 1, an output of 250,093 tons weekly,
which, with 54,455 decrease In warrant and
furnace stocks, indicates a consumption of
37,322 tons daily, against 37.035 In March, 34,814 1
in February and 36,834 In January. The aver- 1
age for four months Is 38,027 tons dally, against !
32,209 last year. An increase of 16 per cent I
in the- year would P.- less interesting if con
sumption a year ago were not far beyond any
thing previously realized. Yet proposed com- I
binations hinder large orders In bars and
sheets, while the structural business is as ;
heavy as ever in small lots, with bid contracts
about to come at Chicago for the drainage
canal and the plate business too big for all I
the works to handle, invites no consolidation,
the Chicago and Philadelphia works being be
hind in deliveries and Pittsburg works troubled !
by demands for 4000 tons of vessel plates and !
4000 tons more close ahead for the Government ,
docks at Algiers.
Only pig Iron advanced, Bessemer 50c and |
grey forge 25c at Pittsburg and local pig 50c
lat Chicago. In minor metals tin declined at
London to 25.23 c and copper is weak at 19c
lor spot and 19% C for futures.
Hides at Chicago rose about 10 per cent, with I
actual receipts of cattle in four months of j
100,000 head loss than last year, and over 200. 1
smaller than in 1533-94, notwithstanding the
gain In population.
Nobody who has studied statistics can tell
why purchases or a million pounds Australian
wool for export this week, following others in !
previous weeks, should advance prices of wool, ;
; nor were purchases of five million pounds of j
i territory wool by a speculator readily explain- |
able. But it is just the time for growers to
ask all they can hope to get. and just when j
the largest manufacturers were ready to buy ;
1 only the smaller are buying. Prices »—• said I
' to have been generally advanced, with higher !
demands from the interior holders. But it re- !
mains a question whether sales of 10,499,000
pounds for the week against 5,269.550 Increase
over 1592 and only a little more in 1597 will
prove profitable. The market for woolen goods, ;
tn waiting for evidences of demand which do I
not yet appear, and the delay in getting the
pew combination into working order causes
some hesitation.
If Government estimates were considered re- ,
liable one based on entirely unknown acreage
of wheat and cotton would be everywhere re
sented. Thus, with official returns pointing :
to a great decrease in winter wheat produc- j
! tion, the price dropped 1 cent and cotton de- j
1 clined for options, though retaining the ad- ]
vance of a sixteenth for spot which was es-
I tabllshed before the Government report ap
j peared Nobody can base a sensible estimate ■
I on a statement of condition which takes no
I account of the acreage of winter wheat killed
i and abandoned. The best that can be said Is
i that worse returns were expected in both ,
' markets, so that the Government report had
j practically no Influence.
Failures for the week have been lfa in the
United States against 246 last year, and 20 in
j Canada against 21 last year.
j NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
! NEW YORK. May 12.— FLOUR— Receipts, 11.- i
! 632 barrels, exports, 7259. Neglected again and
I nominally steady. Minneapolis patents, $3 So@
| 4; do bakers, $2 93<33 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 159,100 bushels; exports, '
| 95,547. Spot, steady; No. - red. 82% c spot f. o.
! b. afloat and 7S%c elevator; No. 2 red. Sl%c to
'■ arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. l Northern Duluth. .
j 80i,ic f. .-.. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened j
steady on foreign buying, and after a forenoon
setback under moderate liquidation and fine
I weather advanced sharply In the last hour.
I Bulls found short Interests heavy, and with
I the aid of export sales and the strength in
corn experienced little difficulty in driving
, them to cover. The close was firm at %<ei%c
| net advance. May, 76_@e77M,c, closed ..'.'■;
c July 74 1-16-J175 9-16 c. closed .o%c; September,
j <3%\t74c, closed 7, ■_•■■. December. 74%&.0% c, '
; closed 75% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady. •».--.. -^r;..--o-
METALS- and lead scored moderate gains
I and other metals exhibited a steadier under
i tone throughout the day than has been mani
! fest. of late. Business, however, was on nar-
I row lines. Advices from primary points ami
abroad were chiefly of an encouraging charac
ter At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet but firm at $11 25
, nominal.
LAKE COPTER at $9.
TIN' Higher, with $25 50 bid and $25 60 asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $4 15 bid and $4 50 asked.
The brokers' price for lead ls $4 25 and for cop
per $19.
SPELTER— with $6 75 bid and $7
,-iske-ci.
COFFEE— closed steady at net un
changed prices. Sales. 37.50 bags, including:
: June $5 10; July, $5 20; August, $5 30; Septem
, ber $3 40; October. $5 15; January. $5 7,.; March,
Iss SO Spot coffee— Rio. dull; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, barely steady; refined,
quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4290 packages. Firm;
Western creamery. 14%«15c; factory, 11%@13c,
EGGS- Receipts, 12,662 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 1»@14%c; Western, 12@14c;
Southern, 12®13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May California dried fruits
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7@B'^c;
prime wire tray, B%®9c; choice, 9V»(fi 9Vi.c ; fancy,
$%moc. ■ v.--.- ■ .:■
PRUNE'S— 4%(??9%c. ■ - .
APRICOTS Royal. 13%e??14c; Moorpark, 14®
■ 18c
i PEACHES— Unpeeled. 9%@11%c; peeled, 25©
j 28c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
' CHICAGO, May 12.— Unexpectedly firm cables,
foreign covering nnd light domestic receipts
gave wheat a steady start. There was a mo
, mentary weak spell, caused by profit taking,
but after this the market quickly recovered
and ruled strong the remainder of the ses
sion The reported presence of the Hessian
fly and chinch bugs throughout the Middle
West and Southwest encouraged outside buy-
I ing and forced local shorts to cover. Reports
of relief in the congestion at Buffalo and pre
■ dictions of frosts .in the Northwest, where seed
ing has been seriously delayed, helped the ad
vance. July opened unchanged to %c higher at
70®70%C advanced to 70% c, declined to 69% c,
rose to 70%©70% C and closed with sellers at
70%@70%c.
There was a sharp advance in corn, owing
to small offerings, light receipts, excellent cash
demand and influential country buying. July
closed %c higher.
Oats followed corn. The cash demand was
good, July advanced %c.
The strength in coarse grains and light re
ceipts of bogs steadied prices of provisions.
The effect was only trifling, as there was suffi
cient liquidation to supply the demand from
shorts and packers. Pork and lard advanced
2%c each and ribs sc.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 69% 69% 68% 69%
July 70% 70% 69% 70%
September 69% 70% 69% 70%
Corn No. 2—
May 33% 33% 33 33%
July 33% 34 33% 33%
September 34% 84% 34 34%
Oats No. 2—
May 26%. 26% 26% 26%
July 23% 23% 23% 23%
September 21 21% 21 21%
Mess Fork, per barrel—
July 8 27% 8 37% 825 830
September S 47% 8 52% 8 42% 845
Lard, per 100 pounds—
! July .....4 95 6 00 4 95 5 00
September 5 07% 5 12% 5 07% 5 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
1 July 4 65 4 65 4 60 4 65
September 4 75 4 70 4 75 4 80
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat, 69tfi:,'0e: No.
3 spring wheat, 64@68c: No. 2 red, 72W74C: No.
2 com 33W@33%c; No. 2 oats, 26^c; No. 2
white, 30c; No. 3 white. 25%@29%c; No. 2 rye.
58% c; No 2 barley, 35cR40c; No. 1 flaxseed.
$1 06: prime timothy seed. $2 35; mess pork, tier
barrel, $S 20^iS 25: lard, per 100 pounds, $4 92%©
4 95. short rib sides, loose, $1 45W4 70; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%e: short clear
stdes, boxed. $4 85(f?I4 95; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26: sugar, cut loaf,
6.02 c: granulated, 5.22 c.
Articles— - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 8,000 10,000
Wheat, bushels 36,000 • 212,000
Corn, bushels 95,000 911,000
Oats, hushels 372.000 454,000
Rye, bushels...... ...5,000 4.000
Barley, bushels 16,000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 12igU7c; dairies,
10?/ He. Eggs, steady: fresh, ll%c. Cheese,
weak; creams, 10%@llc.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 5 S% 5 6% 5 6%
Closing 5 B%' 5 6% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 20 90 20 35
Closing .....
Flour-
Opening 43 05 2" 90
i Closing
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The spot supply of California
dried fruits is reported to be smaller than It
has been for several years at this season, and j
it is in few hands. For some time past New j
York has been the chief source of supply for
i dried fruits for markets east of the Rocky
! Mountains, and many orders lor prunes, apri-
I cots and peaches have been placed here within
the past month or six weeks by large buyers
In Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburg and Philadel
phia Of late, however, inquiries from these
markets have been comparatively few and at
the. present time the demand for goods from
interior points is light.
Holders here show no disposition to urge
sales. The local demand since the beginning
of the month has been small. Jobbers appear
to be well If not liberally supplied, and as the
consuming demand has been moderate they
have not come Into the market except when
absolutely necessary to fill up breaks in stocks.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, May 12.— Porter Bros. Company ]
j California fruit sales were: Cherries—Tartar
j ian. $2 to $2 60; Centennials, $1 50 to $2 40; May
Dukes, $2 05 to $2 10; Chapmans, $2 06; Royal
Anne, $1 40 to $1 90; Puritans, $1 30; Queens,
! $1 10.
Earl Fruit Company sales were: Black Tar
tarian;), $1 80 to $3 25; Centennial, average,
$1 70.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 12.— CATTLE— There was a
fairly active demand to-day and prices
1 ruled stronger. Fancy grades brought $5 40S
15 50; choice steers, $5 15@5 35; mediums, $4 6511
4 85; beef steers, $4 10®4 60; stockers and feed
| ers, $3 65@3 15; bulls, $2 75@4 15; cows and heif
! ers, $3 60^14 25: Western fed ste«rs. $4 40@5 25;
Texas steers. $3 :■''''.'■; calves, $4 50®7.
HOGS— Trade was active and prices 2%c7t5c
higher. Fair to choice. S3 80@3 95; heavy pack
ers. $3 55@3 75; mixed. $3 <5@3 90; butchers,
$3 66@3 92%; lights. $3 60®3 87%; pigs. $3 30®
3 75.
SHEEP— There was the biggest kind of a
| demand for sheep and lambs. Prices had an
other boom of 25c~in prime shorn sheep and 15c
lin WOOled Colorado lambs. Sheep sold at $3 50®
i 5 25, chiefly at $4 90@5 25: shorn lambs, $4 75$
i 6, and Colorado wooled lambs, $6 35@6 65.
Receipts— 1500; hogs, 17,000; sheep,
5000.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 12.— The attendance at the
i wool auction sales to-day was large, and the
| offerings numbered 14.401 bales. There was
much animation, although Continental buyers |
were less active bidders. A good selection of
greasy merino was taken by the Continental ]
buyers at high prices. Well known Geelong
scoured sold steady and largely to the home ■.
| trade at high rates. There was more com
petition for crossbreds which showed a harden- !
i Ing tendency. The number of bales sold so |
I far at this series number 117,500.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May 2.— Consols, 110 7-16; silver. '
j 2Sd; French rentes, K'2f SOc; wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on pas- I
i sage. Eastern an i neglected, 3d lower; English I
country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, May -Wheat, steady: wheat
in Paris, weak; flour in Paris, dull (holiday).
I COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
I dull, 6s lOd; No. 1 red Northern Duluth. dull. [
6s 2d. Futures, quiet; May, 5s S%d; July, 5s
6%d; September, Be 6%d.
CORN Spot American mixed, new, firm. 3s i
6d. Futures, steady: May, 3s 5%d; July, 3s I
s>_d; September, 3s 5%d.
FLOUR— Louis fancy winter, steady, ]
I " B 3d _____
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 12.— Clearings, 8272,
--! 091; balances, $36,751.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., May 12.— advance in ;
. freights together with continued weakness
abroad caused Wheat to sag. again to-day, and ■
.'.ccc was the best quotation obtainable for Walla j
; Walla, with valley easy at about 58c; blue stem.
59e&'60c. Very little is offering at those figures
and very little Is wanted.
WASHINGTON.
i TACOMA. Wash., May 12.- The decline In the :
1 local Wheat market to 57c still holds, with re- i
ceipts running light. Quotations remained un
changed at 57c for club, COc for blue stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 55%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 07 _ ■,
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10 j
Mexican Dollars — 60
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Chicago market was dull hut
steady, with more buyers than sellers. The .
shipping demand was poor. The discovery' be- ;
ing made that the market was oversold, led
the shorts to cover quietly and the feeling
became steadier in consequence. Frosts were
predicted for the Northwest.
This marked was dull and unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@1 06%; milling,
$1 OS%fJI 12%.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
%] 14 -,; 4000, $1 14; 4000, $1 13%. May— 2ooo,
2000, $1 07%. -:.-■.;
Afternoon Session— No sales. .
BARLEY— The market Is lifeless at previous
quotations.
! Feed, $1 02%'ffl 05; Brewing, $1 07% -ill 12% per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session -9:15 o'clock— No sales. '
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session seller '99, new
14,000 'tis. S7%c. December— 2000, 91% c.
Afternoon Session No sales. : < '-.■ -
OATS— The market is at a standstill, there
being no demand. Prices are steady.
Fancy Feed, $1 50 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 45@1 47%; common, $1 37%<Si 421-,; Surprise.
$1 50; Gray, $1 40@1 45; Milling. $1 45®1 50 per
ctl : Red. $1 40; Black. $1 32%@1 35.
CORN—
Small round Yellow, $1 25(gl 40; Eastern,
large Yellow, $1 12%©1 15; White, $1 15@1 17%;
mixed. $1 12% per ctl; California White, nomi
nal.
RYE— %W\ 02% per ctl.
BUCK WHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40CS3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 45 per bbl for extra
$3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 30(32 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4c84 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; in sacks. $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, {4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. ________ :^-- : S
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Ip completely demoralized. Receipts are
m derate, but there is no demand. Another
decline Is noted.
Feedstuff show no further change.
BRAN $15 .".oft 16 per ton. ■ ' <
MIDDLINGS $16'iJlS 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50ft 23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J25ft26 50; job
bing, $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21ft22; Cotton
pee.] Meal, out of market: Cornmeal, $23 60<ai
21 SO; Cracked Corn, $24ft25; Mixed Feed, $15
@16.
' HAY— Wheat, $10ftl2 for good to choice and
$7 50#9 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $7@
11; Oat, $6ftlo; Barley, $fiftS; Alfalfa, $ Ift 6 50.
STRAW— 2S®SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans show some changes. Llmas are higher
again, as the weather down South prevents
planting and the prospect Is good, ' therefore,
for no crop this year. Other kinds are lower.
Seeds are unchanged.
BEANS- Rayos, $1 40<ffl 50; Small White, $190
(32 10; Large Whites, $1 50ftl 60; Pinks, $1 70'g>
1 80; Reds, $3 60; Rlackeye, $4fti 10; Butters,
nominal; Lima?, $4ft4 10: Pea, $2 25!ff2 40; Red
1 Kidneys. $2 23®2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, $2ft"2 10; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%«i9%c; Rape, 3@3%c;
Hemp, 4ft4',ic; Timothy, 4%<g's%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75f ;2; Green, $2 10®
2 35 per ctl.
! POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
'. Receipts were 704 boxes Asparagus, 277 boxes
\ Rhubarb, 357 sacks Peas, 96 sacks Beans and
. S6S boxes and 366 sacks new Potatoes.
[ Potatoes keep steady In spite of free receipts
of new. but Onions rule weak.
There Is no change worthy of note in Vege
tables, the market being well supplied.
POTATOES— SI 25^ 150 per ctl for Early Rose,
$1 4fHgri 50 for River Burbanks; Oregon., $1 15©
, 130 for seed and $1 50c@ 1 80 - for large; New Po
-1 tatoes, lftl%c per lb in sacks and $1 25@1 83
> tor Rivers in boxes.
, ONIONS— 4O@SOc for fair and 60i?r75c per ctl
1 for good to choice; new, 35ft 45c per sack for
> Red. •---"::-,
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 60ciS'$l 25 per box
• for No. 2. $1 50@1 75 for No. 1 and $2ft'2 25 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 35e@60c per box for common
and 75c05l for good to choice: Green Peas, 1%
02c for common and 2%@3c for Garden; String
Beans from Los Angeles, . 305 c ■ for green and
406 c for Golden Wax: String Beans from Vaea
ville, 607 c: Cabbage,' $140; Tomatoes, $1 5002
per box; Egg Plant, 10-ffl2%c per lb; Garlic-.
506 c for new; Dried Okra, 15c per lb; Dried
Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers, 7%015c; Carrots,
25035 c. per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c©$l
per dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers, SOc; Sum
mer Squash, $102 per box.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 14015 c for Turkeys.
$5 for Ducks, $1 50 for Geese, $5 5006 . for Hens
and $5 50 for old Roosters.
There was not much change In local stock.
Geese were lower. Pigeons continued scarce.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13014 c for Gob
i blers and 13014 c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
| $1500175: Goslings. $1 7502: Ducks, $506 for
old and $eSOS for young; Hens, $405; young
Roosters, $708 50; old Roosters, $4 2505; Fryers.
8696 50; Broilers. $4 6006 50 for large, $2 5003 50
for small; Pigeons. $1 7502 per dozen for old
and $202 25 for Squabs.
GAME-~Hare, $1: Rabbits, $125 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Liberal receipts of Butter from Humboldt had
a tendency to weaken the market, but there
was no decline. Cheese continued weak. Eggs
were stationary, though receipts were much
larger and buyers rather held off. •
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 16%@17c; sec
onds, 16c.
Dairy— Fancy, 15c; good to choice, 13@14%c;
store. 11012 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9%@Wc; old. 9c:
Young America. 10011 c: Eastern. i4%015c.
EGGS— Quoted at 150J6c for store and 17@18c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16%017c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 1202 I boxes Cherries and 704
chests Strawberries.- f •- ';-.-;: '
Cherries continue in the curious condition al
ready noted- receipts keep falling off day after
day and the market, in the face of this. Is
steadily weakening. The reason is that prices
are so high that people are not using many.
Black are steady enough, white being the
weak description.
Blackberries and Raspberries* came in from a
number of sections. Strawberries were steady.
Gooseberries were in demand for canning ac
count.
Citrus Fruits show no change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, $1 50-f?2 50 for fair to good and $3@3 50
for choice to fancy.
RERRlES— Gooseberries, 25035 c per drawer
and l%@3c per lb in bulk; Blackberries, $175©
2 25 per crate; Strawberries, $3 5005 per chest
for small and $2 7503 50 for large berries; Rasp
berries. 90c per drawer; Newcastle Raspberries.
9012% c per basket.
Cherries. 35060 c for red, 25060 c for white and
65c(ff$l per box for black; black, ln bluk, B@9c;
white. 3©sc per lb.
Apricots, per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25@3 75
per box; Seedlings, $1 2502 25; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 5002 25; Lemons. $1 2501 50 for com
men and $202 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $606 50; California Limes. 50075 c per
small box: Grape Fruit, $1 5002 60; Rananas,
$1 50©2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $2@4 50 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Eastern buyers have ' lately bought some 150
cars of Prunes In this market, thus reducing
the supply to about 50 cars, which is nothing.
The East evidently thinks that Prunes are go
ing to be good property this year. Late reports
from Oregon indicate a serious shortage in
Italians there, and the California crop will be
much shorter than usual.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50' s, 5©
5%c for 50-60's. 404% c for 60-70's, 3%03%c for j
70-80' s. 2%©3% c for 80-90' 2%<ff2%c for 90- 100' |
and 2®2%c 'or 100-110' s; Peaches. 8%@9%c for
good to choice, lOOIO%c for fancy and 14©15cfor
peeled; Apricots, 12%013c for Royals and Meg
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 9©9% c; sun
dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums nominal,
l%c for unpltted and 4%cg6c for pitted; Pears, ;
309 c, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4%06c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20 j
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%03c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, 508 c
for hardshell. lOfffllc for softshell; Almonds, S@
9c for hardshell. 12013 c for softshell, 14©16 c for |
papershell: Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and 4%© i
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 10011 c for bright and S@9c !
for lower grades: water white extracted, 7%® ■
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 5©5% c i
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2SO27c ncr lb.
PROVISIONS.
The firmness In Hams continues, without any
advance. The demand for them continues good.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per lb for heavy,
B%©9c for light medium. 10%©llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%©12 c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lliffll%c; California
Hams, lO01O%c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef. $15015 50; extra
prime Pork, $12: extra clear, $18; mess. $16; I
Smoked Beef, lie per lb. |
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%«?5%c per lb for
compound and 7%fff7%c for pure: half barrels,
pure. Sc: 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins, S^c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%06%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb. palls. 60 in a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb pails. 12 tn a
case. B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 ln a case, B%c; 50-1
tins, 1 or i ln a case, 7%c: .wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs,7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, 9"ff9%c: light. B%c; Cow- |
hides, 9c: Stags, 6(ff6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 15015% c: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10030 c each; short
Wool. 35960 c each: medium, 70090 c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $1 7502 25 for
large and $1 for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW- No. 1 rendered. 404% c per lb;
No. 2. :'.';■ 'i5'V; refined. — ; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months. 709 c: year's staple, 608 c;
Foothill and Northern free, 10012 c: Foothill
and Northern defective, B©lo c; Nevada, 9012 c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll©l2c.
Fall Wools- - .:■ ::. -, ; _
Northern Mountain '. 7 @8c
Southern 5%07c
Plains .V 5 06c
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10011 c per lb for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13015 c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Veal has again advanced, and is now higher
than for years. It- is very scarce. Reef and
Mutton are steady and unchanged. Hogs show
no weakness, sales being made yesterday at the
top figure. - •; V'
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%OB%c per lb for Steers and 6@6%c
for Cows. •-■■-.-.- '.
VEAL— 9OIOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers.. 7©7% c: Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB,— Spring. 8%090 per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%©5% c for small, 6%0
6c for medium and 5®5%c for large: stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%05c; dressed Hogs, 7
©B%C. ' : V -:;;;v
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c for June
and July; Wool Bags. 26©2Sc; San Quentin
Bags, $4 96.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton, $3; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland.' $8 50 In bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14,
Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been six arrivals of coal from Wash
ington with 16,230 tons; seven from British Co
lumbia, 18,210 tons; three from Oregon, 1590
tons; one from Australia, 2756 tons; total, 38,
--786 tons. This amount fully makes up the de
ficiency of last week and serves to make tne
market easy. The spring weather we are now
enjoying diminishes the consumption very ma
terially for domestic uses, still the demand for
steam does not relax, but finds ready sale nt
full prices. We have had only four deliveries
of foreign coal In six weeks, which cleat.,
shows we are almost totally dependent on our
coast collieries for our fuel supplies. If the
craze for establishing "trusts' existed here, that
now prevails East, there is a profitable open
ing here among our colliery proprietors, who
number so few; and their opportunities have
been most favorable, with the Navy Depart
ment ■ lately such liberal purchasers, being
forced to pay asking prices, time being a most
important factor In their deliveries. Freights
from England and Australia are very firm: the
anticipated reduction has not materialized; In
fact. It now looks as If present prices are
nearly bedrock for the year: they unquestion
ably are If the outward freights on grain do not
move upward."
RlCE— China mixed. S3 25iff4: China Vo ' 1
$4 5004 90; extra do, $505 35; Hawaiian, $6@
6 25; Japan, $4 25(g4 90; Louisiana, $s(ff6 50.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c-
Powdered. 5%c: Candy Granulated. 5%c; Dry
Granulated. 6%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A, sc: Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C, 4%c-
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more: half barrels, '
%c more: boxes. %c more: 50-Ib bags, %c more'
.No order. taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. ; V .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, May 12.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 34,032 Hay, tons ...... 331
Wheat, ctls 2.456 Straw, tons ... ' 3
Barley, ctls • 890 Wool, hales 508
Cheese, ctls 149 Pelts, bdls 201
Butter, ctls ...... 422 Hides, No ... ; 4S
Tallow, ctls ; 206 Shorts, sks 25
Beans, sks 259 Eggs.' doz 26 160
Potatoes, sks .... 1,289 Sugar, bbls 800
Onions, sks 476 Leather, rolls .... 174
Bran, sks ..'.' 35 -Wine, gals ...... 29 mo
Middlings, sks... 2001 Lime.' bbls "406
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .... 3.452.
;•:; WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .... 7,5121
EASTERN.
Flour, qr sks .... 800-
Family Retail Market.
Butter and Eggs sell at last week's prices,
but Cheese is cheaper.
Veal is scarcer than for years and dear.
Pork, too, is scarce. Beef and Mutton show
no change. Poultry stands about the same
as last week. Fish is in better supply again.
With the exception of Strawberries the sum
mer fruits are scarce and dear, Cherries es
pecially so. Several new kinds are added to
the list.
Vegetables are generally cheaper than last
week.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton—
Dannel $- — 012 00 Castle Gate.. 600
Wellington . 010 00 ,southfield
Sew Welling- I Wellington 0 9 50
ton ©10 00 Coos Bay — ©7 00
Seattle 8 00© I
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs. 17%©—
square 40©— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35©— dozen 200—
Do, good 300 — ! Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 120151 lb 12015
Cheese, Eastern.. 17020 1 Do, extracted...— ©lo
Cheese, Swiss 20©25 1 : .' -,~:
Meats, per lb-
Bacon 12017 Pork, fresh — ©15
Beef, choice 18020 Pork, salt 12015
Do, good 10015 Pork, chops 15018
Corned Beef 8010 Round Steak 10012
Ham, Cal 12%©16 Sirloin Steak 150—
Do. Eastern —015 Porterhouse, do. -.20025
Lard 12015 Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton 10015, Pork Sausages.. 12%©20
Lamb —015, Veal 15018
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50065 (Turkeys, per 1b. ..18020
Young Roost- Ducks, eaeh...7sc©sl 00
ers, each 75c051 00 Reese, each. ..sl 25© 1 50
Did Roosters, Pigeons, pair.. 500 —
each 60075 Rabbits, pair.. —0 4"
Fryers, each — 075 1 Hare, each — 15© 20
Broilers, each 500651
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb 15020 ' Limes, doz. —015
Apples, Tb 10012 Oranges, doz 15030
Bananas, doz 20025 j Raisins, lb 5010
Blackberries, per Raspberries, per
basket '. 15©29 1 basket 20025
Cherries, per 1b...100i5 Strawberries, per
Gooseberries, tb.-.. 6© 8 drawer 25035
Lemons, doz 200 - .Walnuts, lb 12015
Vegetables-
Artichokes, d0z. ..20050 Lettuce, doz 150—
Asparagus 6012 Mushrooms. lb — 0—
Beets, doz 12015 Onions, Tb 2© 3
Beans, white, lb.. 40 5 Peppers, green, 1b15©25
Colored, lb 40 5 Potatoes, lb 20 3
Lima. Tb 6©— Do, new 30 4
Cabbage, each —010 1 Parsnips, doz 150—
Cauliflowers, each 5010 j Rhubarb, per Th.. 40 6
Celery, bunch s©— i Radishes, dz bchs. 10012
Cucumbers, per " Sage, dz bnchs 25035
dozen 75C081 50 String Beans, lb.. 8010
Cress, doz bnchs. .2o®2sl?ummer Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb. 15020. Thyme, tb 20030
Green Peas, 1b.... 40 6 -Turnips, doz 10013
Lentils, Tli 60 8 Tomatoes. lb 15020
Fish, per lb —
Barracuda — 015 Shad 10012
Carp 100— Striped Bass 150—
Codfish 120-15 Smelts 12015
Flounders —012 Soles 12015
Halibut —©20 Skates, each 10012
Kingfish — 0— Tomcod 150 —
Mackerel 250— Clams, gal 50( 2 —
Do. Horse — 0— Do, hardshell, 100.40050
Perch 10®12,Crahs. each 10015
Pompano $1 50 Do, softshell, doz 23035
Rockfish 150 Mussels, qt 10012
Salmon, smoked.. 2oo— ! Oysters, Cal, 100. .40060
Salmon, fresh 12015 Do, Eastern, .25040
(Shrimps 8010
THE STOCK MARKET.
Although business was very good in securi
ties on the morning call there were fewer fluc
tuations than usual, the only one worthy of
note being an advance in Giant Powder to $7S.
The sugar stocks were generally steady.
On the afternoon call Contra Costa Water
declined to $72, and Oceanic to $90, recovering
to $91 50. Hawaiian Commercial declined to
$119 25. Giant Powder advanced to $78 50.
Mining stocks stood about the same. The
telegram from the pump said: "Elevator work
ing steadily. Water in the 1750-foot level winze
is 41 feet 10 Inches below the station. All Im
portant connections made. Have just started
the second elevator. It is working very nicely."
The Hale & Norcross assessment of 10 cents
per share will be delinquent In the boards to
day.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
East Sierra Nevada Mining Company has been
called for July 17 to vote upon a proposition to
diminish the capital stock from its present
amount of $10,000,000, divided into 100,000 shares
of the par value of $100 each, to $100,000, di
vided into 100,000 shares of the par value of $1
each.
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine for the week ending May 6 states that
raise No. 2 In the new vein in the 318-fOOt level
has 40 Inches of low grade ore in the top. The
north drift, same vein and level, has 24 Inches
of ledge, which is being badly broken. Raise
No. 1 has 24 inches of fair grade ore In the top.
Raise No. 4 In No. 10 vein, same level, has 16
Inches of fair grade ore. Raise 5 shows 15
inches of fair ore. Raise 7 has 24 Inches of fair
ore. The north drift has a 12-inch vein of no
value. In the stoplng ground low grade ore is
coming from the new vein on the 318-foot level,
fair ore from No. 10 vein, same level, and good
ore from the Maguire ledge on the 528-foot level
and Fortuna vein on the 582-foot level and C.
and D. veins on the 270-foot and 336-foot levels.
At the mill 228 tons of ore were crushed for
the week. Average assay vanner tailings, $11 91.
Concentrates produced. 1% tons; assay value,
$276 29. Plate amalgam produced. 1313 Troy
ounces; value per ounce. $1 90. Tailings plant
No. 1 treated 329% tons of tailings for the week.
Tailings plant No. 2 treated about 100 tons.
The last monthly statement of the Alaska-
Mexican mine reports 13,044 tons ore crushed of
the realizable value of $20,680. and 253 tons
sulphurets, valued at $9070. The ore averages
$2 43 per ton. The gross bullion shipment was
$31,669, and the gross expenses $25,508. Tne
Alaska United mine reports 11,863 tons ore
crushed of a value of $24,500, and 245 tons sul
phurets of a value of $7000. Ore averaged $2 82
per ton. Gross expenses for the month were
$27,865. The bullion shipment was $33,460. Gross
receipts for the month were $40,000, including
some sulphurets previously on hand. The new
300-stamp mill of the Alaska-Treadwell was
started on the 6th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, May 12—2 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 California Safe Deposit 98 00
550 Contra Costa Water 73 00
105 Giant Powder Con 7S 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 37%
190 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 120 00 "
50 Hutchinson S P Co 35 87%
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .lo6 37%
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .lo6 50 "
65 Market Street Railway 63 25
50 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
125 Oceanic. S SCo 94 50
70 Oceanic S S Co .' 94 no
150 Onomea Sugar Co 45 87%
490 Paauhau S P Co 43 00
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 72 75
100 pan Francisco Gas *- Electric Co 73 00
25 San Fran Gas- & Electric Co, b 3... 73 00
$2000 S P of A bonds .'» 113 25
$2500 U S 3 per cent bonds 108 00
840 Vigorit Powder ' 4 25
460 Vigorit Powder 4 12%
100 Vigorit Powder, s 10 4 25
Street—
$4000 Market St Cable 6 per cent b0nd5.. 123 00
Afternoon Session.
Board
50 Contra Costa Water 7275
25 Contra Costa Water 72 50
40 Contra Costa Water 72 25
25 Contra c. sta Water ' 72 on
23 Contra Costa Water 73 37%
15 Giant Powder Con 7* 00
10 Giant Powder Con 78 25
100 Giant Powder Con ~\ In
- 75 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 119 "',
75 Hutchinson S P Co 35 x 7%
50 Oceanic S S Co 93 62%
25 Oceanic SS Co .. 92 -,5
25 Oceanic S S Co \ 92 i) 0
225 Oceanic S S Co "' jj ll(1
35 Oceanic S S Co " fin no
75 Oceanic S S Co ' 91 05
45 Oceanic S S Co ',',[ 91 50
260 Onomea Sugar Co ''/ 45 87%
25 Onomea Sugar Co \' 4;, 75' *
20 Paauhau S P Co '..'.'." 43 ob
100 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm... " 925
$2000 S F & N P Ry bonds H« no
1 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 73 00
220 Vigorit Powder 4 37%
680 Vigorit Powder ....'.'.'. 4 25 "
500 Vigorit Powder, s 90 4 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 72 75
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 72 621%
55 Paauhau S P Co 42 87%
300 Vigorit Powder 4 00
45 Contra Costa Water 73 no
40 Hana Plantation Co 17 37%
Afternoon Session.
35 Giant Powder Con 78 00
15 Giant Powder Con 7< 12%
40 Hutchinson S P Co 36 00 "
25 Contra Costa Water 73 00
10 San Francisco Gas fr Electric C 0.... 72 87%
30 Market Street Railway 63 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 331 200 Potosi in
200 Chollar 52 ! 500 Savage ........ 25
200 Chollar 33 200 Sierra Nevada. 94
50 Con Cal & Va.l 60 100 St- Louis ....... 06
ROO Crown Point... 18 1 300 Union Con 45
200 Mexican ....... 51 100 Yellow Jacket. 40
50 Ophlr 120'
Afternoon Session.
I 200 Alta .....08 I 2CO Mexican 52
1 100 Belcher 35 300 Mexican '. 53
I 500 Best & Belcher 56 WO Ophir 125
! 200 Chollar 32. 200 Potosi 28
I 500 Con Cal & Va.l 65 500 Savage 23
200 Crown Point... IS 200 Sierra Nevada. 96
500 Gould & Curry 35 300 Union Con .... 47
1000 Hale & Norcrs 2S 200 Union Con .... 4S
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ........ 35' 200 Ophir 120
200 Caledonia 37 200 Savage 25
200 Con Cal & V.l 62%! 100 Sierra Nevada. 95
. 200 Con Cal & V...1 60* 200 Sierra Nevada, di
700 Hale & Norcrs 26!
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes '. 10 j 200 Ophlr 127%
300 Chollar 33 200 Ophir 130
300 Chollar 34i 200 Potosi 30
350 Con Cal & V...1 65, 200 Sierra Nevada. 93
200 Con Cal & V.l 67 1 500 Sierra Nevada. 96
250 Con Cal & V...1 701 200 Sierra Nevada. 98
600 Con Imperial... 02 1200 Sierra Nevada. 9?,
200 Gould & Curry 37 200 Silver Hill 03 '
900 Hale & Norcrs 27 206 Union Con .... 50
200 Hale & Norcrs 28 j $00 Union Con .... 46
400 Mexican 55 1 200 Yellow Jacket. 44
200 Ophlr 1 251'
CLOSING . QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 12—4 p. m.
Ask.' Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice 22 23
Alta 07 09 Kentuck 05 OS
Andes 09 10 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 36 38 Mexican 56 .'7
Best & Belcher 58 5.' Occidental 34 —
Bullion 07 08 Ophir 125 130
Caledonia 38 40 Overman 13 11
Chollar 32 34 Potosi 29 30
Challenge Con.. 34 36 Savage 25 26
Confidence 100 1 051 Scorpion — C 3
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 75iSeg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada. 99 100
Crown Point.... IS 19 Sliver Hill — 03
Con New York. 02 — Syndicate 03 —
Exchequer — 03 standard .......2 80 290
Gould & Curry 36 37 1 Union Con 50 51
Hale & Norcrs 27 28 Utah 18 19
Julia 02 031 Yellow Jacket.. 42 43
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
- SATURDAY. MAY 13.
Un rises »:uu
un sets 7:11
[oon sets 10:50 p. m.
D ITime! ITimel Time Time
» ' 1 Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
!» H W LW HW liW
... 0:53 8.6 8:00—0.4 3:21 4.6 7:43! S.V
... 1:3« 6.1 8:45 0.0 4:12 4.7 8:60| 5.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are soundings to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of tbe lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
May 12, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrr
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant. TT. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
San Juan lAcapuleo .' (May 12
Acapulco Panama IMay 12
Weeott 'Tillamook Bay May 13
Crescent City.. Crescent City May IS
Proereso Seattle May 13
Luella iTlllamook May 1*
Coos Bay Newport IMay 14
Arcata ICoos Bay 'May 14
Aloha 'Point Arena, May 14
Signal 'Columbia River ! May 15
Fulton iPortland [May IS
Ptatp of Cal.... 'Portland 'May 15
B. Hernster....!Coqullle River 'May 1*
Corona ?an Diego IMay If
Washtenaw ...,|Tacoma iMav 1<!
Newburg lOrays Harbor 'May 16
Fmpirp lCoo«! Bay May lfi
Pomona |Humboldt IMay 17
Queen IVlctorla & Pu^et Sound' May 17
Bonita iNewport IMay IS
North Fork IHumboldt May I*
Omce Dollar... 'Oravs Harbor v ..l Ma.v IS
Point Arena (Point Arena 'May 18
Gaelic IChina and Japan May 19
Columbia 'Portland iMqv »0
Panta Rosa 'Pan Diesro IMav M
Colon Panama IMay 20
Czarina iPupet Sound I May 20
Coquille River. ! Grays Harbor I May 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Ipamer.
inn
Columbia .. Portland., May 13. 10 am Pier 24
Pt. Arena.. Arena.. May 13. 3 pmlPier 2
Pomona ...[Humboldt [May 14, 2 pmi'Pler 9
Santa HosalSan Dlei^o 'May 14. 11 amlPier H
Coos Bay. . . I Newport (May lfi. 9 amlPler 11
City Pflklngr'Chlna&Jnpun'May l«. 1 pmIPMSS
TTmatllla ..IVIc *• Pet Sd.lM«v 1«, in aniCPter •»
Arcata Cor, Bay May 18. 10 amlPler 13
Aloha [Point Arena. .l May 17, 3 pmlPier 2
Moana |Sydney May 17. 10 pmlPier 7
State Ca1... 1 Portland Mavis. 10 amiFfpr '(
Corona 'Pan Dlpro IMay IS. 11 amlPier 11
Pan Juan... Panama lMa\* IS. 12 m'TMPP
Townpend .'Oregon Ports. 'MaY IS. in a m Pier
Bonita _ |N T p\vport , 'May 20. 9 am Pipr 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
v;V Friday, May 12.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 23 hours from Eu
reka. •"'. c -v. - -
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 17 hours from Eu
reko. .'■■■■ • ■-<
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 63 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Stmr Novo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg. -.-. '
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 59 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Scotia, Lundqulst, IS hours from. Rock
port.
Bark Levi G Burgess, Younggren. 7 days from
Tacoma.
Bktn Monitor. 31 hours from Eureka.
Schr Compeer, Larsen, 35 days from San
Marcos Lsland.
Schr Antelope, Anderson, 3 days from Oo
quille River.
CLEARED.
Friday, May 12.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka: Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego'
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
SAILED.
Friday. May 12.
Stmr George Ixximis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Bonita. Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Ruth. Strand.
Stmr Alcazar. Strand.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Navarro, Higgins. Caspar.
Schr Allen A. Schage, Eureka.
Schr Parkersburg. Jorgenson. Coqullle River.
Bktn Quickstep. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 12. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Alice Cooke loads lumber on the Sound
for Honolulu.
The Consuelo loads mdse for Mahukona.
SPOKEN.
May 11. 25 miles ESE of Five Fathom Bank-
Lightship E B Sutton, hence Jan 19, for New
York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UYAK— Arrived bark Harvester, hence April
2; ship America, hence April 2.
CHIGNIK— Arrived bark Ferris S Thompson,
hence March 30. •
GRAYS HARROW— Arrived May 12— Stmr
Grace Dollar, from Astoria.
' SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 12— Schr Mabel i
Gray, from Eureka. J
NEAH BAY— Passed May 12 -Stmr Willa
mette, hence May 9. for Nanaimo; bark Agate,
hence April 30. for Nanaimo.
EUREKA- Sailed May Stmr Pasadena,
for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed May 12— Stmr Green
woo, for San Francisco. \
SANTA CRUZ— Arrived May 12— Tugs Rescue
and Fearless, hence this afternoon, and will
leave for San Francisco this evening with
Ellhu Thomson in tow.
coos BAY— Arrived May 12— Stmr Areata,
hence May 9.
Sailed May 12— Schr Glen, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed May 12— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— May 12— Stmr Novo,
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived May Stmr Columbia,
from Hongkong. f.. --
Sailed May 12— Br ship Troop, for Queens
town.
SALMON BAY— May 12— Schr C H
Merchant, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived May Stmr Jeanle,
from Alaska. May 12— Ship Occidental, hence
April 30; schr Glengale, hence April 30: stmr
Farallon. from Dyea ; stmr Laruada. from
Skaguay.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 12— Schr
Glendale, hence April 30; ship Occidental, hnc
April 30, for Seattle: stmr Farallon. from Dyea.
Sailed Inward May 12— Stmr Farallon. from
Dyea, for Seattle: stmr Laurada. from Ska
guay.
Sailed May 11— Br bark Collingrove. for
Shanghai.
In port May 12— Stmr Albion, hence May 8.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 12— Stmr
Sequoia, from Fort Bragg.
Sailed May 12— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Sequoia, for .
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 11— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KINSALE— Passed May 11— Br ship Bute
shire, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
SYDNEY— SaiIed May 11— Ship Wachusett,
for San Francisco. __
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 11— Br shl»
Riverside, from Seattle; Rr ship Galena, froift
Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 10— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence April 20.
PISA GU A— Arrived May 2— Bktn Katie Fll^fc
1 inger, from Tacoma.TALENT RETIRED
BADLY BEATEN
AT OAKLAND
♦ —
■ " ' ■ ■ !
Five Stanch Favorites
Were Slaughtered.
— • —
BOOKS KEPT ALL THE MONEY
— » —
TONY LICALZI, AN OUTSIDER,
WON THE HANDICAP.
» .
Lester Reiff Should Retire From the
Saddle — His Ride on Mary
Black a Ridiculous One. <
Caldwell Stale Again.'
Five out of Fix favorites were led to
the slaughter at Oakland track yesterday
and the books reaped a golden harvest.
It was a genuine, unadulterated "eagle
Mrd" affair for the layers of prices. Kitty
Keily, Valencienne, Ach, Pelxotto and
Mary Black, all heavily backed, were
buried side by side in one grave. It was
Indeed "black Friday" for the speculative
ulnmort
1 ceruit. lit.
The crowd hoped to retrieve its
losses on the six furlong handicap, which
ended the day's sport, but Starter C.'alu
well, with a solar plexus punch, knocked
this vain conceit "galley west." Mary
Black, carrying top weight and ridden by
Lester Beiff, was plunged on at scanty
odds. Th- start wa~ attended by all the
pyrotechnic effects known to modern
horseraclng. with Corrigan's Alaria sent
away four lengths In the lead. ~ tsuma
and Highland Ball 1. ft at the post. Even
with this strong pull in the conditions
Corrigan could not win. Alaria, after
leading to within a few yards of the wire,
was collared and beaten out a head by
game little Tony Llcalzi, a 12 to 1 shot,
piloted by Jack Ward. Lester R< iff, on
the favorite, managed to finish third,
Bambouiia. a growthy king Puryear
D colt, picked up IIS pounds and captured
the opening five furlong dnsh for two
vear-okis like a real good one. Breaking
away third from the barrier he made all
tho pace and won easily from Bathos in
1:02 tlat. Kitty Kelly, the favorite, was
away poorly, but at that showed no
f-peed. The books laid S to 1 against the
winner
Tommy Glover landed the 10 to 1 shot,
Madrone. winner of the second vent, a
Fix furlong sprint. Valencienne ruled fa
vorite, but was unable to head Jerllderio
and ran unplaced. in a hard drive Ma
drone downed Judge Si >uffer a head
through Glover's superior riding. Show
honors fell to Sylvan Lass.
The Corrigan contingent unloaded on
Ach to win the print thai followed, back
ing the erratic performer from 5 to 2 down
to 3 to 3. Away last, he made a good run,
getting to the wire just in time to finish
outside the money*. Macklin had the 8 to
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Friday, May 12, 1899.— Eighty-first day
of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Ptart-r.
1110 FIRST 11.-. irl ■.-.-. two-year-elds; purse. $400.
Index.
'■■-..: ■:-.■
Horse.
Weight 31
Km.
i 2 m.
%m.
Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
(1095) ■mnoulla 11 s * 3
10M }<athn= lIS 1
O083) Tar lUll .US 4
1095 Flush of Gold 110 6
1101 Honor Bright 103 2
10S3 May Gertrude 110 5
1031 Kitty Kelly 120 S
1107 Surfeit 100 7
916 lllillouette ...100 9
1 3
2 3
3 34
7 4
4 h
b 2
■ t
9
1 4
2 2..
3 1
< 4
6 6
6 4
7 3
S 2
9
1 2
2 14
3 24
4 4
6 6
7
64
8
9
1 14 'Jenkins
2 4 Dlngley
ii 5 Macklln
4 4 Cole
5 2 Ruia
6 8 Glover
7 a J. Ward
8 4 Coburn
9 I Wain;- . j ...
S
10
3-2
8
•
10
50
S
20
3
10
18
1
100
Wai:
. 1 02. Winner. G. W. Perry's b. g. by Puryear D-L!
Was not extended at the finish. Bathos ran an
Par Hill was only joking. Honor Bright pulled up lame. Kitty Kelly ay
■■ . ■
rht II 103. Bogus Bill 103.
Hock.
ly.
1120.
E Six furlonps; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. [St.
1066 Madrone. a Ill' 7
1077 JU'lsr- StoufTer, 5. ..111; 4
IK* Sylvan l>as=s, 3 S2l 3
1096 Holst'.ce. 3 951 S
in3:< Homeptake. 5 10! i 5
3H6 Valpnciennp. A ....107 2
' V*A Uncle .rue. 4 109 6
10«4 Jerilderlo, 5 109 1
lire El Estro. 3 95 11
1066 Oralbee. 3 97 10
10-0 Tobey, a 11l 9
10S5 Judge Xapton, 4....1091 •
>,:n.
4m.
4 1
3 ■•,
5 2
10 I
6 1
2 1
7 'i
1 2
&4
11
9 1
%m.
3 1
* 4
7 1
6 4
6 h
2 1
8 1
1 1
9 2
10 4
11
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
1 h
2 1
3 h
43
5 h I
6 h :
1 4
8 4
9 3
10 6 1
11
... i
j'-iiover
J. Ward
! Romero
• Wain right ...
Ruiz
Steward ......
Hahn
Jenkins
Basslng/er
Postel
Vogt
[W. Xarvaez..|
Jockeys.
10
10
15
8
20
7-5
20
3
4
30
too
30
g
6
2:.
11
9-5
CO
4
9-2
100
100
30
Time- 14. :24? 4 : v, :49; %. l:i:.'4. -Winner, B. U Elliott's eh. g. by Imp. Friar Tuck-
Pals-. ' ret threA driving.
Madrono won through "alor.eipnne has rickety underpinning. Solstice
FhouM have been closer up. Start ruined chances of El Estro.
1121.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds; purse, MOO.
Index. HorFe. Weight. St. Km. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. ( Jockeys. (Op. Cl.
1110 Varuba '.'.* l 3 1 ... In 11 ... 22' Glover ..'.'.". 6 12
llin Yaruba W 4 ... 5 1 4 1 ... 2 2 Glover 6 12
1099 Genua 107 7 •■■ 24 24 ... 3h |\V. Narvaez.. 2 7-2
1070 Ach 112 10 ... 74 « h ... 4h IJenklns 6-2 3-5
1103 Racebud 107 2 ... 6 h 34 ... 5 1 |Frawley 10 20
1103 The Offorlnf? 107 ... 81 Eh ... 04 lAmes 20 30
ICK-6 C. H. Harrison Jr.. 109 8 ... 4 4 74 ... 7 3 Ruiz 3 6
1110 Watossa :.;.109 3 ... 9 1 »l ... 8 1 JTullett 15 SO
1065 Royal Fan 107 6 ... Ih 8 1 ... 94 ICoburn 30 60
1103 Earl Islington ....112 '' ' ... 10 10 10 IRoblnßon .... [60 100
Time— y», :24?4: %. :87M; H. 1:02%. Winner, 1. B. Dyer's br. g. by imp. Mldlothlan-Au-
gellque. Good start Won first three driving.
Ach waa the caucus nominee. Start prevented his election. Saintly was left out and
won. Oenua vry tired before the race. Carter Harrison a lobster.
Index. Horf».
Weight.
Km.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
1122.
F> IURTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. H"r?<>. Age. Weight. St.
%m.
4m. %m.
Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
JOS9 El Palado. 4 107 6
1105 Pelxotto. 6 112 3
1111 Silver State, a 110 1
1065 Defender. 5 112' 2
(535) Elldad. 4 112 i 4
1105 Rlcardo. a 112 5
105$ Major Cook, a 112 8
1114 Oahu, 4 11l 7
1077 Pong 4 112. 9
4 2
3 i
2 2
114
5 1
5 1
7 1
8 6
9
4 4
5 1
2 1
1 2
6 2
5 1
7 2
8 4
9
2 h
34
1 4
4 4
6 2
5 3
76
8 2
9
1 % Jenkins
2 1 Tullett,
3 3 Ruiz
4 6 IBamlnger ....
" I Fallehy
6 3 Glover
715 Dlngley
5 6 jKing
9 jßutherford ...
3
1-2
6
8
r.'j
20
30
7
2-5
10
9
60
30
30
200
75
To ; «. -\: to 4. M: last %, 1:01*! Fhnrt »i. 1 w Baldwin's
b m by Kniperor of Norfolk-Atlanta 11. Good Ktart. Won first thr<-o driving
En Salado won through superior handling. Pelxotto was best. Defender blew up. Elldad
r wafhlnjf.
Scratched—Holu-nzollern US.
1123.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
Index. Hon«. A«j<». Weight. St.
llfiß February, 5 11l 2
(1 ibrillo, a 1H 7
' ntallade, 6
(1111) Novla, 4
(liftS) Lothian, I
1066 Jingle Jingle, 2
10S>6 SomlK. 8 108 6
1061 Ar.n Page, S 95| 8
110S Amasa. 4
%m.
Mm.
4m.
2 1
62
3 1
1 2
4 1
64
7 10
0
8J
4m.
%m.
2~1
3 1
4 1
1 1
62
6 U
7 10
<»
8 1
%m.
Btr.
1 4
3 2
4 1
2 2
6 2
6 4
7 10
5 1
. 9
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
1 8 Dlngley .... I
2 4 Jenkins i
8 4 Tullett ;
4 4 Macklln \
6 3 Henry
fl 5 Coburn
7IE Ruiz
8 1 Basslnger ....
9 Cole
I Betting.
Op. Cl
!. 4 8-2
• »-2 9-2
I 3
! I 4
10 &V
I 12
30 30
12 20
8 20
T\ m e—Vt. :24'i; 4. :4*4; %. 1:134. Winner, J. S. Gibson's eh. m. by St. 1
Ruth Ryan. Had start. Won phsllv. Second and third driving.
Winner rarrled the coin and was a good investment to-day. Others out
maid Vtl.
to
.. — ;
1124,
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Ace. Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
1114 Tony LJcalzi. 4 !
1114 Alaria. 3 J
(.1 >1) Mary Hla'-k. 4 V.
mpino. 3 f
: [arry Thnbum. r... :
• Know, a.... I
1
.1 Ball. 4.... I
1
I
I
I 4
1 2
5 2
1 h
4 4
33
n
J h
4 6
1 '4
3 4
Z 2
I 3
6
:::
1 h
2 1
3 4
4 4
53-
-6
Ward
Meany ........
L. Reiff
■ Buchanan ..'..
Basslnger ....
W. See
Macklln- ......\
[Holmes .......I
6
C
1
50
s
53
4 ■
8
13
5
4-5
100
16
GO
9
7
Time— %, :U%i tt. r«J4: %. 1:IS. Winner, Holman & Hollla' b. g. by Hornpipe-Mary
Foster. Bad start. Won fln=t three driving.
Alarla «enl away four lengths In front. Mary Black cut off in stretch and badly ridden,
one was murh the best.
Bcratched.— Bocialiat 100.
1 chance. Saintly, In from the lump, win
ning ridden out over a length In advance
of Yaruba. Genua was third.
Speedy and uncertain Pelxotto let the
talent down again In the fourth race, lui
let, who had the leg up, was unable to
take the lead with the sprinter and the
last few yards was beaten out by hi sa
lado, ridden by Jenkins. The winner
opened up at 3 to 1. receding to . to i.
Backed to favoritism February won the
six furlong run, next decided, reaching
the wire three lengths before Corrigan s
Cabrlllo. •
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries for this afternoon's
running events:
First Race-One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; Belling-.
1115 Alvin E 118 1117 Mercelles 107
10S6Thyne 109 i -77 Byron , Cross.. ..W9
1095 Hannah Reld.. 91 1085 Gold Fin 96
1091 Koran* 107 1 1110 Kootenai ....... «
ISS Queen Nubia.. .llll 111.. winkle Twinklll
1120 Tobey 113 1 Hl' Henry C 112
Second Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
1109 Wyoming 1" 1"£ Peter Weber.... 91
1110 The Fretter...- 98 1020 Potente 109
111" Einstein 107 IMS Han 107
in? retake 107 1099 Widow Jones... 109
lii,; Malay « «« Llmewater 93
1033 Glen Anne.. ....105 ■
Third Race— One and a half miles; three-year
olds nnd upward; selling.
1076 Purward ....... 112 1 (1110) Whaleback ....92
(iiIS)UI-i x (1112) Major Hooker.. lo7
1112 Pr Bernays....lo7 1109 Benamela 113
. His Glbbettlfllbbet 110 1112 Ledaea 87
1112 Sardonic 107 1056 Lady Hurst 110
1059 Reolia 105.
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and ]
upward; Felling.
HOS New Moon 1111 1102 OUberto 93
1103 NllKar 96) 1111 Bueno 113
1060 Vin.-tora 911 1111 P. A. F!nneganll2
10S« Judpe Wofford. 93|(1117)Melkarth 109
<;,in Tom Smith 113: 1084 Rosemald 107
10S4 Scintillate ... 107 1
Fifth Rare— mile; three-year-olds and up
ward: selling.
HIS Inverary II 109! 1072 Earl Cochran.. .ll3
1112 Dare II 116, 1092 Grady 116
TO B. McClO-akey.-lM 1115 Tempo 112
1072 Polore 11l 1102 Fortls 93
1122 Klidai? 112' 1102 Rapido 113
Sixth Race One mile; handicap.
1124 Satsuma 1151 1109 Wyoming too
1104 Palsy F ill' HIS Ringmaster .... BO
1100 Rosormonde ...W6| 1108 Lost Girl 90
(1118) San Venado....^,
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Mercelles, Kootenai, Queen
Nubia.
Second Race — Potente, Malay, Wyoming.
Third Race— Hooker, I'lm, Ledaea.
Fourth Race— New Moon, P. A. Finnegan,
Tom Smith.
Fifth Race— Elldad. Inverary 11, Pare 11.
Sixth Race— Daisy F. Wyoming. Ringmaster.
SERIOUS EIRE IN POTRERO.
An Early Morning Conflagration
Brings About the Loss of Two
Dwelling Houses.
An alarm was turned in at 1:15 o'clock
this morning from box 514 for a confla
gration on Michigan street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second streets,
Potrero. Two dwelling houses were de
stroyed and a second badly scorched. One
of them was owned by Mrs. Anne Judge
at 249% Michigan street. The house ad
joining her dwelling was unoccupied and
the owner is unknown.
The fire is said to have originated lit
the kitchen of Mrs. Judge's home. A pe
destrian homewardhound saw the smoke
emanating from the kitchen, and believ
ing it was a fire rushed to the branch
Potrero police station and the officer on
duty turned in the alarm. The fire was
speedily got under control by the de
partment. Mrs. Judge and her family
were in bed at the time, but managed to
get out without danger to their lives.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,. SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
GIGANTIC FRANCHISE STEAL
IS BEFORE THE SUPERVISORS
With Three Hundred Thousand Dollars
Huntington Seeks to Obtain a Six Per
Cent Interest on Two Millions.
.■■■-.' ■ -
THE directing spirits of the Market Street Railroad Company have undertaken one of the
most gigantic schemes ever conceived in the interests : of C. P. Huntington and his asso
ciates. An effort is now quietly being made to monopolize street railroad privileges on one
of the great thoroughfares of the city, and to tap without competition for fifty years one of
the most populous districts of San Francisco. If the scheme succeeds the Market Street Rail
road Company will be able to water stock and issue bonds on a fictitious valuation of its property
and secure an enormous interest from, a comparatively small investment. If the plot meets the
sanction of the Board of Supervisors the Market Street Railroad Company will have won another
vicious victory and the charter government will be cheated out of the operation of one of its wisest
reforms.
Like all schemes of the railroad people, this new one is innocent enough on its face.
Among the many franchise privileges asked by the Market street company from the Board of
Supervisors ie one demanding the right to use electricity in the operation of a road, under an un
used franchise, on Geary street, from Grant avenue to Taylor street. In asking for this privi
lege the Market Street Railroad Company pleads that it is necessary in connection with the plan
to give more adequate street railway facilities to the northeastern part of the city, and to connect
that district with the Potrero. It is, therefore, from the point of view of the Market Street Rail
road Company, a matter of public interest to obtain the asked for privilege on Gear}' street.
The demand is nothing of the sort from a point of view which involves the public welfare.
In the first place, Geary street, between Grant avenue and Taylor street, is not necessary to con
nect the northwestern part of the city with the Potrero. There is a better and much more direct
route. In the second place, the unused franchise upon which the privilege of using electricity is
asked should now, under the law, be forfeited.
Under the plea of giving a public benefit the Market street company is planning to se
cure a tremendous monopoly. . If it can secure exclusive privileges on Geary street it will neces
sarily kill all competition and destroy the rest of the thoroughfare to all others for railroad pur
poses. But this is only the beginning of the great scheme.
The Geary street franchise, which the Market street company owns, will expire in 1902.
Under the charter, street railroad franchises may be granted for no longer period than twenty-five
years, and large contributions, based upon gross receipts, must be made to the city. The Market
Street Railroad Company wants to cheat the charter in reference to these restrictions, and will ask
the assistance of the Supervisors in doing so. Under the existing law a railroad franchise may be
surrendered at any time more than one year from its expiration.
The schemers of the Market Street Railroad Company intend, therefore, to surrender their
Gearv street franchise to the city and then secure a renewal. With this sharp play the Market
Street Railroad Company hopes to gain for its Geary street railway monopoly a new lease of life
in no way restricted by the operation of the charter. The treasury of the city will lose a great
revenue, legitimately its own, and the Market street company will be free- to water its stock at will
and issue bonds.
More than this, the Market Street Railroad Company will ask an extension of the Geary
street franchise to the ocean beach, making a continuous road from Kearny street out Geary and
Point Lobos avenue to the ocean. It is estimated that the construction of the road, if the franchise
be granted, will take no more than $300,000. The Market Street Railroad Company will then be
free to reap the enormous profit of its great steal. It will be exempt from the charter provisions,
which restrict the life of a franchise to twenty-five years. It will not have to pay the contributions
to the city as provided by the charter. These are 3 per cent of the gross receipts for the first five
years, 4 per cent of the gross receipts for the next ten years, and 5 per cent of the gross receipts
for the last ten years, with the forfeiture of the roadbed, track and stationary fixtures to the city.
It will readily be seen what tremendous profit will flow 7 to the Market street company if it
cheats the charter by this plot. Nor will this be all. The extension to the ocean beach, as already
indicated, will be made at a cost not exceeding $300,000. The Market street company will then
be able to water its stock at will, issue bonds, and with an expenditure of $300,000 receive in re
turn an interest of 6 per cent on $2,000,000. When the Market Street Railroad Company plans
a steal it schemes a big one. It remains with the Supervisors to determine with what success the
plot shall be rewarded.
TUGS RACING TO SECURE A TOW.
TRAMP STEAMER
ELIHU THOMSON
AT SANTA CRUZ
Tugs Racing to Secure
the Tow Here.
4,
The disabled steamer Elihu Thomson
anchored two miles off Lighthouse Point,
Santa Cruz, yesterday afternoon and will
probably be towed in through the Golden
Gate this morning. She was spoken by
the steamer Santa Rosa yesterday at 1:30
a. m. and Captain Alexander offered to
tow her Into port, but Captain Whitney
of tho Elihu Thomson refused, saying he
could make Santa Cruz or Monterey un
der sail. v '* .-:
As soon as the news- brought by the
Santa Rosa was made known the tug
Fearless -was at once sent out and an
hour later she was followed by the Res
cue. The two tugs when last seen -were
going full speed and using every ounce
of. steam, so it should be an interesting
race down the coast between them. The
Fearless ls a new vessel and -has never
been fully tried, but she can be depended
upon to give a good account of herself.
Tne Rescue Is a very fast tug, and If the
Fearless beats her down Captain Harry
Marshall will know he has been in a race.
The Elihu Thomson was .on her way
here from Honolulu with a cargo of su
gar. When several days -out- the shaft
broke and her propeller dropped to the
bottom of the ocean. . On April 30 the
transport Senator came along and sup
plied the disabled vessel with provisions,
besides taking off twelve firemen and oil
ers and one passenger. These were after
ward transferred to the steamer Austra
lia and brought to San Francisco. Later
the Thomson was spoken by the City of
Peking, and Captain Smith offered to tow
her into port, but Captain Whitney re
fused, saying he was making about .three'
knots an hour, under sail . and that he
would reach San Franclco all right.
As soon as the news reached here the
tug Relief was sent out to look for the
disabled steamer. She was followed by
the Rescue and later the underwriters
chartered the steamer Rival and sent her
out. The Rescue and Rival returned on
account of the fog and heavy weather,
but the Relief kept on and is out yet.
The underwriters then sent the Rival out
again and . Captain Perriman went along
to direct the course of the vessel and
to assist Captain Johnson. The Rival tis
still out and neither she nor the Relief
will return until their coal supply gives
In the meantime Captain Whitney kept
the Elihu Thomson dodging along under
canvas and has finally landed^ her at
Santa Cruz. There : is nearly $100,000 in
surance on the vessel and cargo, so by
refusing the offer of assistance made him
Captain Whitney has saved the under
writers a small fortune in salvage.
A dispatch from" Santa Cruz last night
stated that the Thomson would start for
this city at once in tow of a tug and would
arrive to-day. , • ■
The Pacific -Mail Company steamers
San Juan and Acapuleo are a day be
hind time. The San Juan left Mazatlan
on' May 5 and the Acapuleo sailed from
China's Powerful Sword.
There Is . an ancient and dreadful eword ln
China. It gives to the man who happens to
hold It the power to cut off the head of any
one he wishes without danger of punishment
AH people flee from this sword as fearfully as
stomach Ills flee before the approach of Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters. This famous remedy
cures all forms of stomach troubles/beginning
with constipation and ending with liver or
kidney disease. It will be found ln all drug
stores and It always cures.
Acapuleo on May 4. Both vessels were
expected here last Thursday, but the
chances are that they have been detained
by the heavy northwest weather that has
prevailed off the coast. The Acapuleo
comes from Panama with New York
freight and passengers, while the San
Juan halls from Acapuleo with coffee and
general merchandise.
The steamer Centennial, under charter
to the United States Government for a
transport, has been bought by Captain
Charles Nelson. She is a very handy ves
sel, and as soon as Uncle Sam is through
with her she will be put in the coast
trade. Captain Nelson now has three ves
sels under charter to the Government—
the Cleveland, Charles Nelson and Cen
tennial. The first two are on their wav
here from Manila and the Centennial will
sail for the Philippines on Monday next.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship ;
Company's Gaelic will not reach here un
til the 25th inst. She was scheduled to '
arrive here on the 19th, but was dam
aged in a storm and had to remain six j
days at Nagasaki for repairs. :.,•
Ocean Water Tub Baths. i
101 Seventh street, corner . Mission. Salt
water direct from .ocean. ' j
Must Leave His Cottage.
John Hickey, who for twenty years or
more has occupied the picturesque little
cottage on the edge of the Buena Vista
Park Tract, has been notified by Superin
tendent McLaren that lie will be obliged
to move out at an early date, and that
the cozy house which has attracted the
attention of hundreds of passengers on
the Halght-street cars, must go down to
make room for improvements. Hickey
•has acted as a keeper for the park, and in
consideration of the valuable services
rendered In this way he has been allowed
to occupy the cottage rent free. The
house will be torn down to make room
for a new road.
i ■ ' 3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
tear signature of /^L_^^_z_*
■ ■ ii ——————^mm — — __n_— sm
Very small and as easy
to take os sugar.
SFF [^TS^S^l FOR HEADACHE. CCC
•ML CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. ME
rc\T¥Ti\TC BATTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. \TiTivrc
GENUINE HIVER for torpid liver. GENUINE
HPII LS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER ' SI™ L fV°«Vp™ WRAPPER
—mi IFOR THE COMPLEXION
_ " C__Pr_f_-OB MUSTHAVtgjpHATUm.
125 Cents I Purely V-egetaJble.,/^^^^^*^
»_»», ■_*«_« Mori (■.JrU* 1
• "_P_=ei_STTEl_) OIST K,E_D PAPER."
__ _ ■ i — — — 3
r" ■ :
DR. MEYERS & CO.
f'___ SPECIALISTS
I|k FOR MEN.
jj£gHp^s-^^ N '^<« (Established IS years.)
\j Largest and best-
*mpfjt. _ equipped medical in-
_____%/ I stltution and the most
extensive practice in
j£f§3t the United States.
\i_\% X^v^^y* No Pay Till Cnred.
\-_* V V Unfortunate men
M'Sl'ei 1 // /(_ -\ I wild cannot call should
jiigSjk * write for advice and
J\ »jv —,»///^§6T ALL rREE '
jk\vn(Cfi'l(m 'VufeA Thousands cured at
iHmL *yS^i.iV,a'i\!_W home. All lettess con-
'Ull >V_ /^Sttßyi'iJßb fldentlal '
'llV^' -^^v(|sJsf Ko Charge for Consultation
7«J| Market Street, j Elevator
1 01 San Francisco. ,1 Entrance.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great!
j MUSEUM OF anatomy.}
A fo i::ia_2_iT:T.tat.e:_s7t_,c.r.ci!. A
_ .Of The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
A -■■ jL^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
_ ij^rSy^ disease p»»itiw^lyr_redt>y the oldest T
0 BEg 31 Specialist on the: Coast. Est. 36 years 9
A £*£*& DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES i
_ F«9CftB Consultation free and stri-tly private \
w I £0&f M Treatment personally nr by letter. A A
\R 7 MS PotititeCurt to every case undertaken. T
af I lift Write for Book. rnn.os«>pnv or i
V* I J™ ntnnucE, mailed free. (a "
x _ ft valuable book for men) A
V »R. JORDAN At' 0.,1051 Market St., S. F. V
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO NOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf-
AWbLwLbs^A. fer Longer! The joy* and ambitions of
MSfS^^ffA, life can be restored to you. Tie very
Si H_3 worst cases of Debility are
■5 TfJR absolutely cured by PKKFF.CTO
•«. TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
ml somnia, (ailing memory and the waste
t-mHSf and drain or vital powers, incurred by
/■j aVSRBt indiscretions or excesses of early years.
"^ cw*-" Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace tip the system. Give / _H2v bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-^."Nyoung or old.
One SOc box renews vital enerpy.fOl lJO boxes at
ja.GOncompleteirtiarantoedcnre Wffjjryor money re-
funded. Can be Curried in vest J"** 1 *", pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper en receipt of
--< fr> er>— ' " - .. lit
Bold by Owl Drug Co., 8. F. and Oakland.
£_^&^_ RUPTURE.
wj||~t_t/ji< Jims USE NO MORE IRON
g^__m_______S_Sr Hoops or Steel Springs.
«2»«^fe^^%S»' Rupture retained with ease
B_^jMß<S^ comfort, and thousands radl-
\\ figl* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
m /Ml* Magnetic Elastic Truss. [CTCall at
office or write for New Pamphlet
% v,.,; No. 1.
MAaNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
610 Market St., opP. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
{£?*%_ LADIES do you™
£ %>M DR. FELIX LE BRUM'S
w *i Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
I* Jis the original and only FRENCH,
i f safe and reliable care on the mar«
y *"*^rket. Price. $1.00; sent .by mail.
p ' S Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER Sc CO.. Sols Agents.
{14 Kearny at.. Baa Francisco^
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_%*£**£_% 025 KEARNY ST. E-=tabllshe-l
Wr\ YLr&Hk ,n a^ 34 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARNY XT. Established
In 1H54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
EwSb^iVvA disease wearing on body and mind and
SsSlWr'Aiy Skin Diseases, The doctor cures when
i_9S3_3fiE^ others fail. Try him. Charges loir
f^__tSt___ Cures— naranfeed. Callorwrlta
_r. J. _'- UIBBOS, Box i_s7.Sa«; Pranclsca
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS," THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs, t Depot,. 323 Market.
TBAVEL.
COMPAGNIS GENERAL- TRANBATLANTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.; -_-a*»
• Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <jJt__L_''
from Pier 42, North River, foot of "c-» ,i '_E---
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. May 20; LA
TOURAINE, May 27, LA GASCOGNE, June 3;
LA CHAMPAGNE, June 10; LA BRETAGNE,
June 17. First class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second class
to Havre, $45. 10 per cent- reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA, 3 Howling Green.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
For ~~~ ~ '
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting at Kubuck River with the steamer
yiV:X'X-- I JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
■ * -
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on op About- May I.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COGAN, 44 East rt_ y ;
POLICEMAN PHILLIPS
IS GLAD HE'S ALIVE
Police Officer Phillips Is congratulating
himself that he Is riot occupying a slab in
the Morgue.
Shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, while making his rounds, he discov
ered that the door of a cigar store owned
i.v W. Kraus at 70S Larkin street viae open.
Phillips entered the store, and after light
ing the gas went to the rear room, which
is occupied by Kraus and his wife. Mrs.
K rails heard him entering, and thinking
he was a burglar lustily shouted for the
police. Kraus was awakened by her
screams, and alsft concluding that tho
visitor was a desperate burglar he jumped
out of bed, and procuring his revolver
and a club started after the intruder.
By this time Phillip, had entered the
room and told the couple to keep quiet.
Evidently not recognizing the police offi
cer Kraus struck at Phillips with his
club. The officer Immediately grappled
with him and a struggle in the dark en
■sued. While the two men were struggling
for supremacy Mrs. Kraus recognized
Phillips and veiled to her husband to de
sist.
Kraus at once released his hold on the
officer and apologized for what he termed
his serious mistake. After cautioning the
merchant to keep his door locked in fu
ture Phillips left the store, well satisfied
with the fact that he was alive.
Counterfeiter Indicted.
Joseph Ray was indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury yesterday for passing and
having In possession counterfeit half
dollars.
OCE_4.IT TRAVEL. .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
_-. Steamers leave Broadway
jlfc^^ wharf. San Francisco:
__■_>. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
nBPJI-ga May '• 6. 11, 16. 21. li, ? :
' ■£_£ RSJsnfflrt'a June 5; change at Seattle.
' l-ekSafl •*&! For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
el <_e£_K_*£ffl_M C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
J l«i^Y<P*-|jL4i Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
' and New Whatcom (Wash.).
" 10 -a. m., May 1. 6, 11. 1«. 21.
26, 31; June 5. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. May 4.
9 14, lE. 24. 29; June S. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cms. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Anpeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 4, 8. 12, 1«. 30, 24, 28;
j June 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
! For San Diego, stopping only nt Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Lns Angeles), 11 a.
I m.. May 2. 6, 10. 14, 18. 22. 26. 30; June 3. and
} every fcurth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Ray, San Jose del
ratio, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Snnta Rosali*
! and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
I month.
For further Information obtain folder.
1 The company reserves the right to change
' without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a—^ V,^.iir<s nf pflillnp.
TICKET OFFICE - 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. DO,
PF'",Tai FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
■pVom Pp»ar-strppt Wharf at 10 a. m.
f ARP * 12 First Class Including Berth?
I cTHnL S8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails April 21; May X, 11, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May i.
! 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD, General Agent.
6*o Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARI*.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis May ? iPt. . Lotrls May 14
Paris May 10 Paris May 11
St. Paul May .l 7; St. Paul June 1
RED BTAR LINE,
New York anl Antwerp.
From Now York Every Wednesday. 12 news.
Voordlnnd May SWesternland ....May ft
Friesland May 10 Kensington May *l
Scuthwark May 17Noordland June I
EMPIRE LINE. > - .
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
10 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
' Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, ami
: connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
j India, etc. No cargo received on boaod on day
I of sailing. '-;..'
; NIPPON MARU Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MART' Thursday, August 17
- Round-trip tickets at reduced ] rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
, W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
PramEt'BwCj 8- S. Moana sails
FUNIC vla Honolulu and
g"ff____«-/ Auckland for Sydney
*■ . Wednesday, May 17,
iMmSnin^ The s - s - Australia
llwJlllJlll' / <i/ gaijg for Honolula
fofTlFfflftm Wednesday, MaT 81.
\yiifjui«p at 2 p _ m .
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Sues.
England, etc. ; 1610 flrst class.
J. D. SPRECKELS- BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office, 327 Market St
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON-HAMBURG.
" TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
i NEW YORK-LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG.
AMERICAN LINE, 87 Broadway, New York.
HERZOG ft CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
" ' *
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMSBi
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steameri
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. .
FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43 a.
m. 1:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays,
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:10 a. m., 8 p. m,
Landing and office, Mission-street Dock. Pl«
No. J. Telephone Main 1508.
FAUE... ,;- Bto .
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAYOR SNOW
ON IMPROVEMENT
CLUBS' VALUE
Should Control the
Street Work.
— —
THE CITY'S ABOMINATION
— —
IT IS THE DISGRACEFUL CITY
HALL.
, p— —
A Union of Clubs Looking to the Ad
vancement of Oakland Could
Do as Much as the Gov
ernment.
+
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, May 12.
Mayer Snow is making the round of the
many improvement clubs and impressing
upon each the necessity of working to
gether. Mr. Snow takes the stand that j
the policy hitherto adopted by the city i
government of Oakland has been one of !
hit or miss, and consequently the city has I
been practically robbed of huge sums of
money for which no returns have been i
made.
In the Mayor's address to the improve- i
ment clubs he says: "The taxpayers own
a City Hall that is an abomination, and
for the sole reason that it has never re- j
ceived proper care. Its entrance is a
monument of official neglect. No man
mounts the steps of it entertaining respect
for the city government if he has brought
!any thus far. The whole structure, in- j
side and out, has taken on an indecent
appearance, and the city government is
justly juelged by it. With fifteen hundred |
dollars now and a few dollars from time
to time, all this could be changed. If it
were your private property it would be
changed without talking about it."
The Mayor has an idea that there should
be certain "centers" established through
cut the business portions of the city. One
man should be appointed tor each of these
centers, whose duty it would be to attend
to all i in- small pairs in the roads In his !
little district. Regarding this plan the j
Mayor says:
"Now the idea that I bring to you is to
the end that this be done. That it be
done by putting the right mar. in each of
these cent* giving him a hammer, saw,
nails, broom, shovel, hoe and a hand
cart; a box of broken stone will be kept,
convenient for him, and his work and dis
trict mapped out. There are various ordi
nances that have been passed from time
to time to prevent nuisances in the streets.
Of these there will be copies furnished for ;
distribution to property owners. I would I
not expect everything, but these men may
be made special policemen and so furnish
the protection by day that is not now
had with the whole police force. With
the right men in these central districts a
great deal of work will be accomplished,
and what Is just now equally desirable
after so great neglect, the public will be
witnesses of the Improved condition of
those affairs with which they come in
daily contact.
"A word as to the cost. The wages of
twelve men will aggregate $600 per month,
or $7000 per year. We spend three times
this sum now. but in such Intermittent,
hit or miss manner that the city govern
ment gets no credit for doing anything
nt all.
"1 desire to recommend to the City
Council the adoption of the plan I have
outlined, and if you and other Improve
ment clubs think well of it and will give
it your indorsement we can secure the
needed legislation after July 1 and make
the city shine."
Mayor Snow is a firm believer in the
usefulness of improvement clubs. In this
connection he says: r.v =
"I have a plan of organization that I
want to submit to you. The possible di
vision of the city Into patrol districts, as
already mentioned, has suggested the
plan to my mind. Naturally clubs are or
ganize about business centers. There are
about twelve Improvement clubs of im
portance In this city already organized.
The plan is to first disband the Central
Club of two hundred, so-called, that was
organized somo time ago In the center of
the city to further the park project. Then
of the chosen representatives of each of
the mprovement clubs a new Central
Club shall Ice formed. Clubs may have
two, four or ten representative, as may
be determined. This representative club
will not initiate measures, but every
measure of more than local Importance
arising in any. local club will be referred
to the club of representatives for its con
sideration and approval.
"The Council and the whole city govern
ment will be naturally and rightly guid
ed by the conclusions of the Central Club
of Representatives and sec will the whole
city. Of course, this club win have It in
mind to do. large things that affect the
whole city, and which will need, as we
have learned, the favor of the entire city
to carry to a successful conclusion."
LOOKS TO HEAVEN
FOR HER REWARD
Hopes, of a Woman Who Placards
Holy Writ on Uncle Collis'
Local Trains.
OAKLAND, May 12.— A perfect exam
ple of Christian acts performed on this
mundane globe for which a reward is
expected in heaven Is presented in the
liberal and cheerful manner In -which
Holy Writ Is quoted on large placards in
Uncle Collis' local trains for the edifica
tion of passengers who reside In the vir
tuous precincts of Alameda County.
In each car, alongside of placard- con
taining advertisements of shoes, cigars,
whisky and races, appears a card read
ing:
"Seek ye the Lord while he may be
found; call ye upon him while he is near.
Isaiah lv:6.
"For what Is a man profited If he shall
gain the whole world and lose his own
BOUl; or what shall a man give in ex
change for his soul. Matthew xvi:26.
"Repent ye, therefore, and be converted
thai your Fins may be blotted out. Acts
111:19.
Passengers were loth to believe that
these kindly reminders of Christian doc
trine were ordered posted In the cars by
Uncle Collis. To-day the first clew to the
party responsible for the cards was ob
tained. It is a woman residing in Oak
land, but her name could not be obtained.
This woman called on Morton L. Cook,
who operates and manages the car adver
tising Industry, some weeks ago, and
when told that the cost for the full sys
tem would be (70 per month, she stated
Flu- wished her cards placed only in cars
running through Alameda, Oakland and
Berkeley. This, the advertiser told her.
would cost but $50. The bargain was
struck, and the woman explained the
Scriptures she wished quoted.
"But, madam; there surely cannot be j
any monetary returns to you from such !
advertising." quoth the advertiser.
"I know," replied the Oakland Chris
tian. "There's no reward here for me. i
I will take your terms for three months, !
raided his ex-sweet one's home.
Preacher's Salary Attached.
OAKLAND, May 12.— Rev. V. Marshall
Law, rector of the Church of the Advent,
East Oakland, has special reasons,
through big sealed documentary evidence,
to know that plumbers' bills come high,
particularly when not paid promptly.
Plumber Smith a few days ago was given
Judgment for $2 90 and costs against the
rector. The costs amounted to $10 and
Justice Larue issued a writ attaching
Rev. Mr. Law's salary and to-day the
custodian of the church's strong box was
served with the papers, and now $12 90
■will be taken out of the rector's salary
for this month.
PRETTY GIRLS TO
PLAY BASKETBALL
Members of the Alameda High School
. Team at Practice*
ALAMEDA, May 12.— Alameda society promises to turn out to-morrow to
witness the basket-ball game between teams representing the Alameda
High School and the Longfellow School. The game will be played on
the lawn on the premises of Mrs. George H. Mastick, Pacific avenue,
near Chapin street. Ropes will be stretched around the beautiful grounds and
a detail of police will guard the outer lines.
The teams had their last practice to-day, and played with a skill that in
dicates that to-morrow's game will be closely contested and will prove a most
exciting exhibition of the sport which Alameda society has adopted as Its
latest fad.
The game Is given for the benefit of the Alameda Women's Charitable
Association, an organization composed of the most prominent ladles in the
enclnal city's social circles, whose practical work in charity deserves the
heartiest commendation. Many suffering families have been succored and
numerous worthy men upon whom Dame Fortune has frowned have been tided
over their difficulties by the ladles of the association. Through their assist
ance the unemployed have secured positions and the sick and needy have
been carefully provided for.
Since January 1 of this year the society has distributed to needy families
144 pieces of clothing, twenty-five pairs of shoes and thirty-four sacks of
coal. Aside from this, twenty visits have been made to the sick, employ
ment has been found for the heads of four families . and eleven different
families have been provided with the necessities of life.
It is to raise funds to continue this good work that the basket-ball game
is to be given. All Alameda will attend, and It Is calculated that the spa
• cious Mastick grounds will be taxed to the limit to accommodate the crowd.
Among the prominent society ladles Interested in the association are the
following: Mrs. S. A. O'Nell, president; Mrs. M. F. McGurn, secretary; Mrs.
George H. Mastick, vice president; Mrs. R. W. McChesney, treasurer; Miss
Maude Jackson, collector; Mrs. George Palmer, Mrs. T. P. Tisdale, Mrs. A.
McCartney, Mrs. Gould, Mrs. Kane, Miss Mollie Kane, Mrs. C. S. Neal, Mrs.
G. N. Williams, Mrs. T. P. Winter, Mrs. McAnney, Mrs. George Plummer, Mrs.
Charles Holt, Mrs. C. L. Tilden. Mrs. Richard Kelly, Mrs. Peter White, Mrs.
H. Carpentier, Mrs. Bates. Mrs. O'Conner, Mrs, Mallen, Mrs. C. L. Mcl, Mrs.
Frank Otis, Miss Mary Mastick, Mrs. Peter Outcault, Mrs. Buckley, Mrs.
R. B. Mitchell, Miss Thorn, Mrs. C. J. O'Kell, Mrs. C. M. Smith, Mrs. Kruger,
Mrs. George Waggoner, Mrs. Joseph Leonard, Mrs. S. Scofield, Mrs. P. S.
Teller, Mrs. F. D. Colburn, Mrs. G. C. Bull. Mrs. Henry Hauch, Mrs. John
Ellsworth, Mrs. Dunkee, Mrs. Arthur Brown, Miss Edith Brown, Miss E.
Brown, Mrs. W. H. Souther, Mrs. E. Minor Smith, Mrs. Ed Anthony, Mrs.
John Mason, Mrs. John Metcalfe and Mrs. Allen Neal.
STUDENTS TO APPEAR
IN PERSIAN COSTUME
Class Day at the University of Cali
nia Will Be a Big, Spectacu
lar Affair.
BERKELEY, May 12.— T0-morrow will
be class day at the University of Cali
fornia. By tradition it is the day on which
the students whose four years' course is
complete celebrate the event by taking
their last farewell of the college before
joining the ranks of the alumni. The
class of 1899, which graduates this com
mencement, have made elaborate plans
for carrying out this old college custom.
Their celebration will consist of exercises
held both morning and afternoon.
At 9:30 o'clock in the morning the class,
headed by a band from the Presidio, will
start on its pilgrimage of farewell. From
the oaks on the lower campus the proces
sion will move to South Hall; where Earl
Swan is to make the address. From
there to all the college buildings in suc
cession the procession will move on, the
; order of buildings and the speaker at each
LITTLE EGYPT ACQUITTED OF
GIVING AN IMMORAL DANCE
LITTLE EGYPT was tried before
a jury in Acting Police Judge
Groezlnger's court yesterday af
ternoon on the charge of giving
an exhibition of an immoral dance in
a theater on Market street on the
night .of April 20. Attorney P. P.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALI_, SATUKDAT, MAY 13, 1899.
being as. follows: Chemistry building,
Ralph C. Daniels; college of mining,
Lloyd N. Scott; philosophy hall, William
T. Mooney; mechanics' building, Bert L.
Quayle; north hall. Charles B. Thomas;
library, Harold S. Symmes; flagstaff, Ira
J. Abraham.
The afternoon exorcises are to be in the
nature of a spectacular Persian pageant,
held in the natural amphitheater behind
the chemistry building. All the members
of the class, both men and women, will
be arrayed ln Persian costumes. The
proceedings, Intended as an allegory of
college life, will be under the guise of a
Persian wedding. The seniors will there
recount the history of their four years'
life at college and one of them as a Per
sian astrologer will make the forecast of
their future. Among those taking the
more prominent parts are Earl Swan, Roy
V. Nye, Lloyd N. Scott and Charles E.
Thomas. The exercises will begin at 2
o'clock.
« ♦ ■
School Children Increase.
OAKLAND, May 12.— The school census
returns for Alameda County show an In
crease of about a thousand over last year.
The figures for the larger districts are:
Oakland, 15,993; Berkeley, 2955; Alameda,
3549; Laurel, 790; Fruitvale, 825; Llvermore,
045; Union, 7CT; San Lorenzo, 325.
A Jury Takes a Different View of the Dance
From Judge Conlan, Who Con
victed Her.
Dunne appeared for the defendant and
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter look
ed after the case for the people.
It did not take. long! to select a jury
from the venire of thirty summoned,
and those chosen were: Peter Sum
merfleld, W. G. Bouldin, S. Davidson,
GROSS ERRORS
IN A PRECINCT
AT PIEDMONT
Miller Gaining in the
Recount.
■ t —
MAY HAVE BEEN ELECTED
— * —
HAS OVERCOME HALF OF HIS
MINORITY.
« .
All the Patronage of the City Gov
ernment Depends Upon the Re
sult of the Contest, Which
Is Getting Closer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 12.
All the politicians, j office-holders and
placehunters became suddenly Interested
to-day in the Miller-Clement election con
test. During the progress of the recount
in the Second Ward a very grave error—
If not worse— was discovered. In this one
precinct, which only contains 130 votes,
Mr. Miller gained twenty-nine. In the
Piedmont Precinct, which is. the sixteenth
in the Second Ward and one of the quiet
est and most respectable districts In the
city of Oakland, no one expected to find
any crookedness. In the Fourth and
Sixth wards Mr. Miller had alleged that
gross derelictions of duty had occurred,
but he was very modest in his claims of
miscounted votes in the conservative
Piedmont district. The discovery was like
a thunderclap In Judge Hail's courtroom.
Tlie election officers had tallied the votes
correctly and the tally sheets agreed with
the recount: "but on the return slip the
figures had been so changed that Instead
of leading by twenty-five votes Miller was
represented as being four behind. When
matters were straightened out Miller had
overcome at one clip three-eighths of his
entire minority. Another error— if it be
error— such as this will probably elect Mr.
Miller.
When the court closed last night there
were sixty-five ballots in the Sixth Ward
held out owing to the fact that they had
been numbered in lead pencil. This morn
ing the election officers proved to the sat
isfaction of the court that these marks
had been put on by the board during the
counting, and the ballots were admitted.
The election officers of the Piedmont
district who are responsible for the pecu
liarity of the returns are: Inspectors W.
T. Harris and E. R. Hill, Judges W.
O'Connor and J. H. Mochler, Clerks W.
Blair and S. J. Agnew, Ballot Clerks W.
B. Sanford and C. A. Surphlis.
They may be subpenaed to appear be
fore the court and explain the wide dis-
crepancy.
Should Mr. Miller be elected there will
be more excitement than over the whole
of the recent city election, for with Mr.
Dow he would at .once proceed upon such
a wholesale cleaning-out process that
there would hardly be anybody left at the
City Hall to tell the tale of what had
been. All through the campaign the cry
was "Dow and Miller." conveying the; Im
pression that Mayor Snow would be more
conservative and less likely to make a
combination than the other two Republi
cans. When Miller was defeated there
was big disappointment, and since the
new government took office and the
Mayor has shown no desire to turn things
upside down there has been much disap
pointment among the politicians. The
progress of the Miller-Clement contest ls
being hourly watched with great anxiety.
When the recount closed to-night Miller
had gained 41 votes out of 80. There are
only the Seventh and Fifth wards to be
counted. About 200 ballots are held ln re
serve, but they are about equally dis
tributed. ;
POSITION OF CABMEN.
Not Organized to Oppose the Plans of
Employers.
OAKLAND, May 12.— David Hughes,
the official reporter of the Carmen's So
cial and Benevolent Society, has written
to The Call stating that one paragraph
in a recent article on the hardships of
carmen does not agree with the facts,
i "The article In The Call," says Mr.
D. W. Landers, John Whiting. J. F.
Gassmann, E. B. Smith, M. Elssler, A.
C. Cooper, F. Rouxand, J. Raphael,
both sides being satisfied to go on
with the eleven. "Little Egypt" sat
. beside her attorney and was apparent
ly an object of curiosity to the jurors.
It was expected that she would be
asked to testify, but the crowd in the
court room was doomed to disappoint
ment.
The only witness examined was Po
liceman Esola, who testified to what
he saw the defendant do prior to plac
ing her under arrest. He was asked
to give an Imitation of the dance, but
blushlngly begged to be excused. It
was admitted. by the defendant's at
torney that the evidence of Policeman
Tyrrell would be the same as that of
Esola, and the prosecution rested. At
torney Dunne said he had no evidence
to offer, and the case was submitted
to the jury without argument. ;
The Jury retired, and after being out
about twenty minutes returned with a
verdict of acquittal. The peculiarity
of the verdict is that it is directly op
posed to the decision of Judge Conlan.
The Judge heard the case against the
woman the second time she was ar
rested and It was not nearly so strongs
as the case before the Jury, but the
Judge convicted her and sentenced
her to pay a fine of $100. That decision
was appealed from and is still pending
In the Superior Court. The cases of
the other dancers arrested with "Lit
tle Egypt" i are yet to be tried."
Hughes, "is correct as to the facts relat
ing to our having to put up a deposit and
to carry insurance. The last paragraph
is incorrect. It is true that there is an
organization of the carmen employed on
the various roads in Oakland, but they
are not organized for any antagonistic
purposes toward the people or their em
ployers. It is a beneficial society, pure
and simple, caring for its sick members
as would any other beneficial order. Poli
tics, religion or any business not connect
ed with the society is not tolerated for
a moment, and no one is authorized to
use the name of the society in that con
nection.
"Certain unscrupulous persons have en
deavored to- injure us In the community
and with our employers, but we have ab
solutely no desire to oppose the methods
of our employers, although we may not
all agree that they are just the right
thing. We wish to be set right on this
point."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A B GillJs. Yreka Mrs W Alexander. Cal
X Glllls. Yreka Mrs C X McGovern, O
T H Oxnam, Salt Lake Mrs J A Apsley, Cal
H C Anchor, Salt Lake H A Jones, Eureka
J W Neville, Salt Lake S Gordon, Salinas
T W Starbuck, Wis IW C Rounds, Salinas
H J Edwards, Sn Jose'H Talcott, Pac Grove
Mrs E Aldrich. Menlo IG Turrell, Cal
C F Schwllk, Sacto lA Anderson, Suisun
T A Anthony, LlvermrlT V Moran. Cal
M E Hornlein. Sacto I Mrs S R Cornell, N V
G B McCord, Sacto . Mrs J Cox, N V
J D Matheson, Cal Mrs A S Smith. Pa
A D Graham. Detroit A J Hyde, Watsonvllle
W C Longfritt, USA X Gaylor, St Louis
F T Butler, Toronto W H Thompson, Lodl
F Hamsbrough. Or ]R Johnston &w, Wash
G F Dltzler. Biggs I Mrs E M Bass. Mass
J H Gyselaar, Eureka Miss M Bass, Mass
A Jordahl, Eureka Miss Packard, Mass
F Voght & w, S Diego |l>r B J Powell, Sacto
Mrs T H Minor. Areata IT Casey. Boston
11 S Minor. San Rafael Mrs J Whieher, Cal
H H Minor. Sn Rafael I H CBothin, Ok T
Mrs R Raymond, Or |W Beckman. Sacto
W Jenslaw, San Diego I J J Stone, Berkeley .
F W Fisher, Fresno ID M Hart, Benlcia
G Berand, Chicago W B Warren, Peoria
A P Lee, Phila J A Bashan, Dunsmulr
C Teague, Fresno |H W Grey, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
J Pownlng, Belvedere W■ H Evans, Victoria
C Shephard, Seattle I Mrs W H Evans, Voc-
T Shephard, Seattle torla
Mrs H F Billings, Chg O Stelner. N V
R L Fox, Seattle T J Keisel. Ogden
J Butsell, Ills S Slmson, N V
Mrs J Butsell, Ill* LA Scowdin. Cal
T Mansfield, NY H W Day, N V
J A Knight, Mass W B Swain, Cal
B V Prather, Mo G«E Dunscombe, N V
Mrs B V Prather, Mo P Johnson, N V
J A McClug, Denver |W de L Benedict, NY
Mrs J A McClug, Den J F Knowles, Mass
J C Harvey, St Louis A B H Chapin, Boston
G N Orear. Mo Miss H E Chapin, Bost
D A Campbell, Chgo T L Munns, Ohio
Mrs D A Campbell, N Lambet, Bangor
Chicago R H Herron, L Ang
N Jewel, Chicago C Clare, San Jose
Mrs H H Alexander & Mrs C Clare, S Jose
child, Everett, Wsh A L Newburgh, Chgo
Mrs S X McGowan, R Devlin. Sacto
Ohio | F S Lusk, Wyoming
J C Alvarado. London 1 Mrs F S Lusk, Wyom
C R Collins, Seattle ,C J Smith, Boston
Mrs C R Collins, Seatl'W H Romalne, N V
:. \V.../ NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J W Ellis, L Ang iG W Cameron, Buffalo
W Thompson, Fresno IE E Easslyn, Montana
C J Raycrafts, Visalia O G Clark, Montana
L Hoffman. Chicago IW Brown &w, Mont
B Stein, Madera C Armstrong, S Barb
C Smith, R Vista ! W Roper, England
S E Levero, Colfax IS C Saylor, Pa
H B Slosson. S Rosa D Armstrong&w. Colo
H F Brown, Seattle J E Moore. S Jose
T E Miles, Reno J Stolker, Stockton
II Howard! Spokane I
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 12.
Schr Volante, Krog, 6 days from Grays Har
bor.
SAILED. _ ,„
Friday, May 12.
Br stmr Belgian King, Weiss, San Diego.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived May 12— Stmr Washtenaw,
hence May 8; stmr Czarina, hence May 9; stmr
Cottage City, from Alaska. __
Sailed May Schr H C Wright, for Ka-
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 12— Bark
Kate Davenport, hence April 2S.
Sailed May 12— Schr Sequoia, for San Diego.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— May Stmr New
England, from Boston.
QUEENSTOWN- Arrived May 12— Stmr Lu
cania. from New York, for Liverpool.
HAMBURG-Arrlved May 12-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, via Cherbourg and
Southampton. _♦-.„ ---,
NEW YORK— Arrived May 12— Stmr Cam
pa i a , from Liverpool-
MEETING NOTICES. .
HERMANN Lodge No. 127 F. and A. ■
M.— Called meeting on Sunday, May 14. _#%_
1899, at 12:30 o'clock, ln Masonic Tern- J_J\
nle ' for the funeral of our deceased i ~ >
brother! WILLIAM HENRY RICHTER. By
order of the £\*___ T __ At __ u __ lt secretary.
oraer oi "~_^ ■HUMACHER, Secretary._
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. • .
M —Officers and members are request- _fl%^
ed to attend the funeral of our de- X»
ceased brother VICTOR O. LINDEN /y"N
late of Albion Lodge No. 196. of Barbadoes,
EC at 1:30 p. m. on SUNDAY, the 14th
Inst "from Masonic Temple. Funeral com-
mittees will please take notice.
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, s gs#Wifas.
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting fc _ r _*«SS
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. =S^*^3r
Second degree. r KIyGSFORD , D . &
THERE will be a special meeting of the | (
San Francisco Bricklayers' Association JA _.
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. May _W^f
13. at 8 o'clock, B'nai B'rlth Hall, 121 ~j£/
Eddy st. Important business. By or- "m*
der E. J. BRANDON, President. "*
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt Water
Company will be held at 327 Market st, San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 22d day of
May, 1899, at the hour of 3 p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day, May 12, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office. 32? Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1599, at 11 o'clock in the fore-
noon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the oflfce of said Company,
number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000), ln
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany. ;
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FRE^LTN^"pl^Slversl' pc?
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding
itching, - external, internal or protudlng
Pile* without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628. Devisadero st. near Sutter.
ROOMS, pnpered from $3: whitened. $1 Up"'
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. —
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 67 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Su-
gar Plantation. Company will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market st. on
and after SATURDAY. May 20, 1899. Trans-
, fer books will close on SATURDAY, May 13
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES^
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help: established 20
years: tel. Main 1997. Bradley fr Co.. 610 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES, we can furnish you with a first-class
servant with references if you leave us your
orders; care taken to suit customer. See J
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKING — Ladles' suits, children's
dresses, by the day or at home. Address 28
Sycamore aye., between Seventeenth and
. Eighteenth eta., near Mission.
WIDOW with girl aged 12 wishes position as
cook; ranch or mining camp. ; Box 216, Call.
GOOD sober cook wants . situation. Address
: 2308 Howard st. .
LADY wishes position as companion or to take
f care of invalid or elderly lady. Box 62, Call.
LADY, wants plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 150 Fourth St., room 12.
WANTED— By a lady of. business ability, fluent
-talker,. pleasing appearance, position as tray-
. *ling saleslady. Address box 831,. Ca1l office, -
-'•*''-?: - --•■.-,. :.. ... ' &
SITUATIONS WANTED — Continued.
LADY wishes situation as ■ housekeeper, coun-
try or mining town preferred. Room 9, 865%
Market st.
WORKING housekeeper desires position; city
1 or country. 129 Taylor st, room 9.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a place to do cook-
ing and housework. 764 Brush st., Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation for cooking and
general housework. Please call at 223 Polk.
RESPECTABLE young girl wishes to do cham-
berwork and wait at table. Address 227 Minna.
SHORTHAND, typewriting and envelope ad-
dressing. Apply room 400. Examiner bldg.
LADY wants plain sewing and repairing to
do at home. 150 Fourth st, room 12.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -
SITUATIONS AVANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st; tel. Grant 66.
JAPANESE Emp. Office; help; farm hands;
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st; tel. Polk 12. |
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st: tel. East 424.
GERMAN-AMERICAN, 35, wishes situation
private place do chores; thoroughly under-
stands horses, cows, garden, orchard; care-
ful driver; handy with tools; 5 years' refer-
ences; city or country. J. LEVASLER, 1663
Sixteenth St., Oakland.
STATIONARY engineer, age 34, wants posi-
tion; can do all repairing; has knowledge of
electricity; temperate habits; good refer-
ences; moderate salary; interview solicited.
J. B. H., 4334 Twenty-fifth st. ■
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation; city or country; steady, sober and
Industrious; can milk and repair harness;
good references. Address P. LUND, 360 Sev-
enth st, Oakland. ;, ■■,:-.'.'
RELIABLE, steady man wants situation
around private place; take care of horses
and buggy and make himself generally use-
ful; Is fair gardener. Box 796, Call office.
YOUNG man used to hard work wants position
of any kind; would work in factory, whole-
sale house or lumber yard; has good refer-
ences. Address box 217, Call office.
WANTED— Situation; either coachman, groom,
man about place; thoroughly understands care
horses, carriages, garden, milking; handy
with tools; good driver. Box 220, Call office.
YOUNG man, 25 years old, will do housework
or any kind of work; recommendations; $1000
bond given; city or country. Address TUB,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS hotel and restaurant man
wishes position as cashier or steward; best
of references or security. Box 28, Call office.
TWO young men would like to work on a
fruit ranch; can drive and understand the
care of horses. Box 63, . Call office.
GROCERY clerk desires position; best of ref-
erences. Call or address G. R., 110V4 San
Jose aye.
EASTERN coachman wishes situation In pri-
vate family; first-class references. Box 1789,
Call.
JAPANESE, reliable boy, wants situation for
cooking and general housework; city or coun-
try; good references. Y. SUDUKI, Call office.
CARPENTER wants work; city or country.
Address box 29, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman, honest, good recom-
mendations, desires a place in an American
family; wages no object; wants to learn the
language. Address A. C, 843 Pacific st.
RELIABLE young man would like to take
charge of milk route or delivery. Box 12,
Call.
GENTLEMANLY young Swedish masseur de-
sires engagements. A. G., box 346, Call office.
WILL give $50 to any one getting me a posi-
tion; oiler or electrician; transpacific or coast
steamer; gilt-edge references. Box 832, Call.
RELIABLE man wants work as night-watch-
man or janitor; good reference. Address 1206
Powell st
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185.
8 waitresses, for first-class resorts, $20; 6
waitresses, for commercial hotels, $20 and
$25; waitress, springs, $20, see party; waitress,
resort near city, $20; woman cook (no baking
or. dishwashing), $30, see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
FAMILY ORDERS
Housegirls for two different families for
Colusa, $20 and $25, fare paid, see lady here,
10 a. m. to-day
German girl for housework, $25, very fine
place; 25 competent girls for cooking and
housework, $20; and many young girls to
assist, $12 to $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. H
WANTED— 4 waitresses, country hotel, $20 and
$25; cook, no wash, German style, $30; girls
for cooking and housework for Sausallto, Bel-
vedere, Alameda, San Rafael, $20 and $25;
Protestant second girl and seamstress, city,
$20, call early: laundress, private family, $2.",,
and many others. See J. F. CROSETT <_
CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 COOKS, $30 and $35; second girl, $20; nurse,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED, respectable widow as house-
keeper; - good home; references. Address
H. A., box 43, Madison, Cal.-
OPERATORS on custom shirts; steady employ-
ment to first-class hands. ROGERSON, 535
Valencia st.
WILLING girl for housework, 4 ln family,
good home, $10. 845 Pine st.
YOUNG girl for housework; small family; $10.
377 Oak st. '
COOK, -$20. Call at 2111 Pine st, between 10
and 11 a. m. only.
IRONERS at the St. Nicholas Laundry wanted.
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
REFINED girl to mind baby. 1761 Ellis st,
upstairs.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply
626 Grove st.
GIRL for general housework. 863 Hayes.
GOOD strong woman for plain cooking in
country; wages $15 month; good home for
right party. 339 Twelfth 6t, near Harrison.
.WANTED— Experienced skirt makers to work
ln factory and home. Apply at 513 Market
st, second floor.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy. 506 Leavenworth st,
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week"; re-
spectable; moderate rate. 192 Seventh st.
OPERATORS on overshlrts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. S6H Fremont st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
• Want To-day at 7 a. m
9 haymakers, different jobs, $1 25 a day and
board; 93 farm, orchard and vineyard hands,
$26, $25 and $20 and found..
6 choremen and boys for farms, $20, $15 and
$10 and found; 14 milkers. $30, $25 and $20 and
found; 118 laborers and teamsters, city jobs,
$2 and $1 75 a day; 93 woodchoppers, $1 50,
-$2 and $1 cord; 112 tiemakers. So. c , ]Cc and
12c each; 12 stablemen for ranches, private
places and livery stables, $25, $30 and $20
and found
Spool tender, sawmill $30 and found
For Every Railroad in California
354 teamsters, $2 and $1 75 a day
263 laborers, $2 and $1 75 a day
13 men and boys to pick fruit
■ $20 and $15 and found
2 setters steam blocks $52 and found
German boy, grocery store, city
Cement finisher $3 50 a day
Boy for a fruit store, 15c fare, $8 and found;
boy. to learn baking trade, fare 75c, $8 and
found; gardener, vegetables and flowers
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st. .
FREE FARE S. P. COAST RAILROAD
Special, At Once
A car load of 50 teamsters, $2 a day; a car
load of 50 laborers, $2 a day ..
Office Fee Only Jl
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO THE ..MINES
12 laborers, no experience required. $2 a day,
fare $1 90. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
BUTCHER, drive peddle wagon and cut ment
at block, $30 and found, fare $1. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st
BAKER, country shop, $12 and found; 3 second
and third hand bakers, $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
17 COOKS... $45, $35 and $25 and found
4 waiters $25 and $20 and found
9 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20 and $15
and found: cook, $40, fare refunded, no bak-
ing, $40 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st. .
MACHINIST, country shop
14 blacksmiths . and horseshoers. $3 and $£ 50
and found; carpenter for ranch. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CANDY maker. $40. country store. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TWO deck hands for a dredge. $35 and $40 and
found. MURRAY' & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton et— Fryer, $50-
-night cook, $50; second cook, lunch house', $45 :
assistant cook, $25 ; hotel butcher, $40; young
man to learn waiting, country, $20- waiter
for mining company. $25 to $30; good hostler
and milker for private place, country, $30-
-second butler, $30; choreman for resort $15'
etc. ' * '
YOUNG man as porter for a small country ho-
, tel. $20 per month and found. MISS CUL-
LEN,-^ Sutter st. » Ulr
WANTED— Reliable young German to drive
bakery wagon; only one who has experience
and good recommendations need apply. 111
Larkln st, -*>*__.
' A
HELP WASTED- Continued.
cTrTh ansen~& ~c'6~ . . PB ON E ~?H?a1St~185
500 RAILROAD MEN WANTED
FREE FARE.. FARE.. FARE
camp waiter $25 and found
teamsters, coast road, 2 and 4 horse. $2 a day
laborers, coast road $1 75 to $2 a day
tunnelmen. for the head.. s2 25 to $2 50 a day
6 concrete and cement mixers... $2 a day
wheelbarrow men, free fare $2 a day
■ All. for the new coast railroad
Ship every day..... Office open 7 a.m.
...COME WITH BLANKETS TO START...
..-. Office fee $1
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... 104 GEARY ST.
2 CARPENTERS, counrty hotel, $35 and found;
2 ' carpenters, country, $3 a day; blacksmith,
$3 a day; blacksmith, country shop, $45 and
found; separator man, $30 and found; ma-
chinist, $2 50 a day; vineyard hands, $25 and
found; 15 farmers, fare 50c, $1 a day and
fecund; lumber pliers, $26 and found; 4 la-
borers for the woods, $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '
BAKER and pastry cook, summer resort, $50;
barkeeper and care of billiard room, summer
resort, $40 and found; pantryman, hotel, $30;
third cook, $50; night cook, $50; hotel dish-
washer, $25; dishwasher, $5 a week; starcher,
$35 and found; polisher, $35 and found; neat
young Frenchman to learn waiting. $30; por-
ter for a summer resort, $25 to $30; porter
for a hospital, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st . ,
WANTED— 4 milkers, $25, $26 and $30; boy to
' drive milk wagon, $20 and found and com-
mission; 2 boys for store, $3 week. J. F.
"CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Fry cook, $50; cook and wife, coun-
try hotel, $65; baker, city, $8 week and
found; baker, country. $40 and found; res-
tauFant cook, $10 week; kitchen men and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. - ■■'
WANTED— 6 4-horse scraper team drivers, $3
day, fare paid. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— laborers for mine. $2 day; 10 la-
borers, near city, $2 day; tunnelmen, $20 to
$25c hour. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62s Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— 2 quartz miners, $2 50 day; timber-
man for mine, $2 75 day; 5 jobbing black-
smiths and horseshoers, $1" per month and
$2 day and board and $60 month; timber
fellers, lumber pliers and woodchoppers at
going wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED WANTED
General utility man for institution near city,
$25 to $30 and found; blacksmith for country
shop near city, $40 and found
10 farmers near city '...$2B
•6 milkers $25-$3O
Jackscrewers, woodsman, for mill $26
3 more miners for a good, steady Job, $3 per
day; haymakers and farmers, free fare. $25
and $26; milker and can-washer near city,
free fare, $30 • ;;i-""_
4 laborers, 3 teamsters, for city, $26 and
beard; cooks, waiters and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— IO laborers about a mine, $2 per
day; 2 farmers near city, free fare, $25; 3
ranch teamsters, free fare, $26; farmer for
orange grove, $25; extra waiter for resort,
[fare, W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— German for housework ln privata
family in city, $15 to $20 and found. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
WANTED— Good allround laundryman (for
hand laundry); wages $40 and found. Ad-
dress P. O. box 188, Oakdale. Cal.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
good wages; call early. 375 Fifth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. ISIJ
Dupont st, near Green. '
GOOD steady barber wanted at 532 Third st.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday, $4. 657 Clay
street. _________
TWO barbers wanted. 131 Third st.
BARBER for Saturday afternoon. 1618 Mis-
sion st.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday steady. 481
Eighth st, corner Washington, Oakland.
BOY to learn the harness and saddlery trade.
1283 Folsom st.
GERMAN boy for saloon. 443 Fifth St.
OFFICE boy. FINK & SCHINDLER, 1309
Market st.
BOY in candy store; stout, reliable; residing
with parents; $3 week. 1905 Central aye.
BOOTBLACK; must have brushes. 152 Third
street. f ■ '■■''"■ '''»-
FIRST-CLASS dishwasher. 25 Taylor st.
ERRAND boy. Apply 8 a. m. at printing of-
fice, 113 Davis st.
NEAT experienced lunch waiter. 218 East st
ERRAND boy, about 14 years; wholesale house;
$2 50 per week to start Box 797, Call.
GOOD dishwasher. 1189 Oak st.
BAKER for New England Bakery, 727 Larkln
street
MAN or lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
tablished Arm; $50 per month and expenses
to start. Manufacturer, box 826, Chicago, 111.
SALESMEN— S4OO a month and all expenses
guaranteed selling to merchants Arctic Re-
frigerating Machine for cooling refrigerators;
guaranteed 75 per cent cheaper than ice; ex-
clusive territory assigned. Arctic Refrigerat-
ing Co., Cincinnati. Ohio.
WANTED — Steady man, $15 a week; permanent
place: light business; must have small capi-
tal. Western mv. Co., 9 Geary St.
TO tailors ßushelman wanted. Apply CHAS.
LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
SHIP locksmith wanted at 405 Drumm st. ; call
early.
GOOD bread baker. Address box 787 Call
Office.
PAINTER round man; no shoemakers
need apply. Address . box 139. San Mateo.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy « rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
__
TO go this week pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes.
sHghtly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st,
bet Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— Competent German bookkeeper for
a large institution of this city; salary $60 per
month, board and lodging; references re-
quired. Box 157, Call office.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the'ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 4
Inches and 6 feet 1 inch in height. For fur-
ther information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco, Cal.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
300 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
per night Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
EXPERIENCED domestic; fancy and men's
furnishing salesman. Box 159, Call office.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; no reasonable
offer refused. Apply 104 Seventh st.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tes'.a
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient-
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor ls required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H. Nor-
ton, superintendent.
MEN Teamsters, shovelers and drill-
men on railroad work, being built by Camp-
bell and Buckman, between Sonora and Sum-
merville, Tuolumne Co. : take boat to Stock-
ton, then train to Oakdale and Sonora: fare
1 $1, Oakdale to Sonora, will be refunded If
' men work one month. Apply at room 4. 302
Montgomery st.
RAILROAD teamsters, $1 75 and $1 90 per day,
at Pinole: tunnelmen, $175, $2 and $2 50 per
d:i^-. at Point Richmond; 3 blacksmiths at
Elmhurst; 1 carriage painter for Elmhurst.
E. B. STONE. Elmhurst. *
MEN wanted— catalogue explains how we
teach the barber trade in 8 weeks; mailed
free; write at once. MOLER'S Barber Col-
lege, 635 Clay st.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
BOY to do Janitor work for his tuition at S. F.
Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
250 MEN wanted to room "New Adelaide"
House, 614 Howard, cor. New Montg. ; single,
10c. 15c night; 60c. 90c week; reading . room.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANK. Ship-
ping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per, night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week. ...
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. S63V» Market st
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Bixtik,
L for a room; 25c a night; Jl a week.AGENTS -WANTED.
AGENTS-. Our men make $3 to $7 a day selling
Handy Harness and Belt Riveter to every-
body; counties assigned. HANDY MACHINE
CO.". :,S Third st.. San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED agents; good pay; choice ter-
rltory new thing on the coast: references
r-qul'red Address box 152. Call '"'■•"-
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted for business In country and
city; good proposition; J2OO to $300. Address J.,
box 109. S.m Mateo. Cal.
ROOMS WANTED.
BY old lady, large unfurnished upper front
room; closet; light housekeeping; north of
Market st. ; state price. Box 219, Call office.
WANTED— 2 cr 3 unfurnished rooms for house.
keeplnp; moderate rent. M. IL. box 180, Call.
W MISCELLANEOUS.
MARINE steam engine and boiler; 1 to 3 horse-
power. Address H., 1623 San Bruno road.
WANTED— A chest of good second-hand ship
carpenter's tools. Box 164, Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 10714 Market st., S. F. ; examina-
tion tree; open evenings.
MEDICAL. ~
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed- travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used: cure at office.
$o; heme in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; al! can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, Ml Post st. bet-
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 3
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. ra.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure tor all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $3: no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. QWYER, 510 Eddy st.
bet. Hyde and Larkln; office hours. 10 to 12. 3
to ' and 7to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
AILMENTS peculiar to won.' also obstetrics;
la', methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
This well known ladies' physician will leave
for Europe May 25, In order to gain knowledge
which Is to be derived at that central point
of medicines, for the benefit of her many pat-
rons on her return In August.
IMPORTANT— A (repress in medical science
for female troubles, from whatever caused,
'which saves trouble nd misery; every woman
her own physician, always and at any time,
no matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free. The well known, celebrated specialist
and ladles' physician, practice 37 years,
DR. POPPER, 31S Kearney i=t
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men anu women:
$0 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.- babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay' self-cure sent: call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, _98 Market st;
pills. H: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
ess- of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
heme for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, -_- Market St.. between
Mason an Taylor; office hours, 9 to 6 and 7
to 8 r. m.: Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
I-DR G W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
emaie specialist, relieves monthly irregularl-
les from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
reated successfully more cases of irregularl-
le« than any other physician; never falls to
ure: consult him first, save time and money;
irfatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write 1023U Market st.
R - and MRS. WEGENER. !312 Golden Gate
B ye-— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attention: terms mod-
erate; regular physician in tendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
h.-mes; call before consulting others.
R WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea and
h»rb sanitarium. 7C4-7C6 Clay St., San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by CM-
ri<?'e herbs, over 3000 \'ar!etles bein_ used;
advice free: hours, 5:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and; 7, to 9 p. r^
LL married .'.idles know .-;m." the preat-
ett b-icn to them. Richards ft Co.. 406 Clay
st. : $1 SO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French Us, a boon to ladies with
f«rr.n'-? tr-iibles: na danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOIi BROS.': Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MASSAGE given by Nurse ROGERS, 1520
Gei.-y st: female complaints treated; rheu-
rnatlcs Riven special attention.
PP.. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
. lief for monthly troubles or i-oney back: ss up.
PR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 15 rages, cent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
: stnge paid. '
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
IS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
,~ash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
!n good second-hand i] rights ape some easy
payments and some good planus for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealer", cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.,
Fan Francisco, and Thirteenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. "
JUST arrived— New upright pianos; sold at $5;
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st.
A— UPRIGHTS, 189 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 13« Ellis.
A-SA3; UPRIGHT piano in fin" condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 210 McAllister st.
A NEW Chickering and 3 Sttlnways. KeefTe's,
1019 Van ess, nr. Geary: vel. Larkln 706.
R. A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W G BADGER. 41." Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN-Good upright cheap. BCHM] 16
McAllister M... next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHAPE. 30 O Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, "lei and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
$55— ELEGANT piano for Rale on $5 Install-
ments cost $400. Call 1115 Post st
DENTISTS.
Drt~T\~B. HIGGLNS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. &27 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty: inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we Carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold flllirfgs from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Beat materials, used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong: much su-
perior to rubber: crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty: flexible
Plata* from $',: crowns, $3 50; fillings. 60c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT~the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have, your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEOROE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
',,l secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plate*. $3: received 8 first
prizes: net students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors: guaranteed
work; lowest prices: ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
A* FULL set of teeth, $S; teeth witout plates a
specialty: liberal. credit given. PERRY PEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason st. corner Market
NEW YORK dentist, MS Mission St., corner
Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 60c up; crowns.
13 up: open ev'gs. MO Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1-41 Folic st. .
PHYSICIANS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021 Vi Market st, bet Cth and 7th.
RUSINESS CHANCES.
A COAL and wood yard doing a splendid busi-
ness; 3 horses, 2 watrons; office, • coal sheds,
barn, Including lot 25x137; very best location;
rarest chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
906 Market st.
A— s32oo; OLD-ESTABLISHED and well-paying
saloon, including 17 furnished rooms and
branch bakery; rent $34; lease; kept by own-
ers years; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 906
Market st.
A— sl2so; SALOON, doing a splendid paying
business: established for years; close to Mar-
ket and Fifth sts; a good bargain; investigate
at once: no better location ln the city. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— ssoo; WELL-STOCKED bar in public pleas-
ure grounds; no night work; no free lunch;
monthly receipts $600; rent $40; lease. Parti-
culars R. G. WILKE. 806 Market st.
A— s22so; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
st.; established many years; doing first-class
paying business: living rooms; dally receipts,
$30; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st
$250; BRANCH bakery, with. 8 nice living
rooms; choicest location in the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE. rm. 8, 906 Mark.'.
CORNER saloon; rent $35; California and
Market sts. R. G. WILKE. MM Market St.
PARTNER wanted in an established business;
no night or Sunday work. JONES & CO.,
865 Market st.
$100— RENT $10; restaurant, nice place for man
and wife; make a good living; 2 living rooms.
JONES. Bt!s Market st.
$700— LAUNDRY near the city; this ls a good
paying business and must be sold on account
of departure for Europe. McLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777 Market St.
$150— PARTNER in restaurant; steady man re-
requlred. McLAUGHLIN & CO.-. 777 Market.
BUTCHER shop; bargain this day; investigate
at once. COWING & CO., 995 Market st
CANDY si re, $75; complete; great bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
DELICATESSEN store; must sell; great sacri-
fice. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in good-paying busi-
ness; too much for one to do; no experience
required; trial given. West. In. Co., 9 Geary.
WILL give a fourth interest In developed mine
with $10,000,000 ''i sight for $10,000 or smaller
amounts proportionately; stock will pay 20 per
cent monthly dividends: original Investment
returned In few months: personal Interview
ra our office. Box 214, Call.
LADIES' tailoring establishment, - well estab-
lished: compulsory sale due to sickness. Box
218, Call office.
PARTNER with small capital in good paying
business. Box 12, Yountville, CaL
FOR saU>— Cigar store, with rooms, stock. Call
at 312 Third st.
$250— RANCH bakery; for sale Immediately;
parties Ing East; branch bakery, notion
store, candies, dairy products, etc.; city
papers snd laundry office; no agents. 3244
Miss;, st. ; -.-■ •-■",
$500— PAYING saloon, lunch and lodging
house: rent $30; good chance for man and
wife. WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 318 Clay.
GROCERY and bar. well established, first-
class outfit. Inquire OWEN KENNY, 1601
Devisadero st.
PARTIES having $300 to $1000 to Invest ln gold
mining dredger can have employment if de-
sired. Box 27, Call office.
WELL established custom tailoring business.
Inquire ZIEGLER BROS., 527 Montgomery.
ANY kind of property or business bought or
ttild; fair dealing assured: see our saloon, $7»;
lodging house, $800; cigar store, $500. Room ,
209. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
SALOON in country town, well located, with I
stock and good fixtures, for sale very cheap; •
must be sold before the lfith. Box 359, Call.
LOAN office: 15 years established; no time to
attend to It. Particulars at 231 Third st. _
RARE chance; a No. 1 saloon, centrally lo-
cated, for sale cheap. Inquire at Call office.
WELL-FITTED up saloon and restaurant; long
established: good business: owner retiring;
lease of house and ground if desired. Apply
Call office.
FOR sale— Bargain; stationery, news agency,
cigars and school supplies; cheap rent; make
offer; no agents. Apply 1650 Polk st
SALOON with 4 rooms cheap: low rent; on ac-
count dissolving partnership. 833 Howard st.
CAPITALISTS wanted to take an Interest In a
rich California gravel mine (drift), 140 miles
from city. Those meaning business can ad-
dress, with reference, M. G.. room 11. 632
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant outfit, complete, for
eale cheap. Call to-day at 854 Mission St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper, for eale. Apply this
office.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage pn',! ■<_____
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
15-ROOM house on Howard ■' $600
22-room: new; cost $4500 isoo
24 rooms on Geary st 625
26 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown — ■!""
18 rooms: clears $100; only 300
12 rooms: exchange for large house 600
54-room house: clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. sth. j
10- ROOM house; 5 minutes' walk from Call of-
fice; $450. DECKER. 1020 Market st
WANTED— Tenants for 7. 9, 10. 12 and 18-room
houses at SPECK & CO.'S, 607 Market st. .
$400— LODGING house. 21 rooms; piano Included.
McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 9 rooms for sale; In good
condition; cheap. 276 Minna st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ALEXANDRIA Hotel furniture for sale, on the
premises, by the piece, room or to suit; car-
pets, furniture, everything. 4ggg)g
FURNITURE of 3 rooms and kitchen for rent
or sale. 163 New Montgomery st.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton St.
; 4 ROOMS furnished ln oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
HORSES.
HORSES for sale: 20 Altuna, ranging 6 and 6
years old; 15 Nutwood, same ages; weigh-
ing 1050 to 1175, and one Napa Wilkes, dam
Black Davis by Evan Davis, record 2:28;
stock at saleyard, corner of Silver aye. and
San Bruno road. I. L. SOLOMON.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednebday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams; all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard. 1732 Market st.
FOR SALE— Very fast team; bays; well match-
ed. Box 363, Call office.
FOR sale— 4o horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car stables. 1301 Turk st
' i -
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery.
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring, weighing 2% karats,
for $145; coat originally $275. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
80 AUTOMATIC gas lighting burner. 870 Mc-
Allister st.
COW for sale. 230 Lee aye., near Ingleside
Coursing Park.
FIRST-CLASS billiard table in best of order.
625 Pacific st.
COMBINED punch and shears: medium size
screw cutting lathe. 648 Mission st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, offiflce furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1015-1021-1023 Mission st.
above Sixth. :-',.',;
FOR sale— fast team; bays; well matched.
Bog 363. Call office. /
Gasoline engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3 h. p.
$150, 4 h. p. $175. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission.
NATIONAL cash register and fire and burglar
proof safe for sale cheap. 42 Main st. ,
LAUNDRY plant complete; boiler, engine, etc
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl. 931 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. •Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, -soted; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st
THE SAN FTC CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
PERSONALS.
MAMIE E. THOMPSON, formerly of Virginia
City, Nev., will hear something to her ad-
vantage by addressing MRS. F. WEGENER,
319 Eddy st., San ' Francisco, Cab
WILL party who called at 37 Minna at. with
position Inclose address. . .
C. E., with valuable European connection ln
London and Paris, would undertake commis-
si, d propositions. Address C. E., box 60, Call.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed. $1 50; send for sam-
ples. BLEY, Printer, 511 Sacramento at;
phone Main 1536.
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, moved from 967
Mission st. to 501 Jessie, corner Sixth.
LEDERER la the popular hairdresser; only the
latest coiffures; 25c hair rolls for 10c and 20c;
the largest, from ear to ear, only 30c. O.
LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Quintonica Is wonderfully strength-
ening to the hair. 35c bot: Foamo Shampoo,
6c pkg. G. LET)ERER. 123 Stockton at-
WHITEWASHING machine or brush work: 10
per cent saved by sending orders 632 Market
st., room 11; machine for sale or rent.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for Irregular and painful periods
of ladles; are never failing and safe, rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female rem-
edy in the world; Imported from Paris; take
nothing else from druggists, but Insist on
genuine; ln red wrappers with crown trade
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., drug-
gists. 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO..
druggists, NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st, Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero
st, near Twenty-fifth: Guerrero-st. cars.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S terms for singing lessons:
Classes, $2. $3 and $5 monthly; single lessons,
$6 (1 weekly; $10 (2 w.); $15 (3 w.); $20 (4 w.)
and $25 (every day a lesson). 1236 Market st.
U. Z. SUSAKI & CO., manufacturers of cheap-
est bamboo furniture made to order; all kinds
of Japanese crockery, basketware. 48S Haight.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments. ■ " •... ,*;-
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 813 Sutter st.
A— Ladles' or Kent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at \ wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome at.
SUITS to order, $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO.. 1814 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion; guarntd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed lounges
$4 SO: open eye's.. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
DRESSMAKERS.
1 REMOVED to 387 Geary St.: dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1; plain sewing: bindings put
on skirts. 25c. 1007 Larkin St.. room 1.
1 "_■—
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. S. SIEP. psychometrist: 11 to 5; 50c;
circles evenings except Sat. 10c. 1724 Market
MRS. MENA FRANCES. Independent slats
writing medium. 118 Haight st
MRP ELLIS, tests to all. Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. :
Mon.. 8; ?sc; sittings. $1. 2"3 Valencia st.
MRS B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
_________________
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la-
dies, >.■; gents, $1; sit. $150. 126 Turk st
MISS BAY. returned, has voodoo charm from
Africa. 223 Post St., room 6. !■'-
JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
remove to S6SVJ Market St.. rooms 8-9.
MME. HANSON, palmist and , card reader; j
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, r. 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, i
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st, rooms 2-3.
Miss OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye. r. 15, second floor.
YOUR fortune told by cards: ladles. 25c; gents,
50c. 326 Larkln. cor. Golden Gate, room (.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS A FAURE, card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny st, r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
reccue passangers str. Gold, '74. 34 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader, 10c; ladies only.
543 Natoma St., between Sixth and Seventh.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st, parlors 6 and 7. ■
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netlst, 207 Powell st, rooms 5 and 6. ;
MME. ATTGUST. 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME ETTA RALPH, palmist and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market St.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
' ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— recognized brightest
astrologer in America; sketch of life and
prospects: send date of birth, sex and 12c.
PROF SERRANO. P.O. box 5238.805t0n. Mass.
PALMISTRY.
MME NEEROAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger.
main*. 615 Geary at. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, $1.
A— MME. BUSH NELL, the famous palmist.
916 Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil _.id mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, matn., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, cor
structlon mechanical drawing, mathematics
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
rtorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post »t
AYRES - Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life |
scholarship, $60; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even.; San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day A eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market
BOOKKEEPING: the only place on the coast
to learn It practically; rapid calculations;
short time. TARR. 672 Parrott building.
SPANISH taught at 1316 Broderick st. : thor-
oughness guaranteed: send postal for terms.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, 8. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night ; corr«spc|ndence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus- I
mess College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 363-367 Tehama at tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
463 Stevenson st; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at lc
STRATTON'S » Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Uth
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn. 808 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd. ; tel. Mint 346.
CONfCLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 833 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East __,
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, . prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 26.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advapce. etc. 735 Market; tel. Black 311.
HOUSES TO LET.
A 5-ROOM house,' Just cleaned; reduced from
$20 to $14. 230% Third st , - : ■ -.
A 7-ROOM elegant Queen Anne, bath; reduced
$35 to $25. SPECK & C0.._667 Market st.
CEDAR aye., 117, north of Geary, near Van
Ness— House; 7 rooms and bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1913 rooms, latest, $30.
Key drug store. Baker and McAllister sts.
GREENWICH, 902, NW. cor. of Taylor—
house of 7 rooms and bath; yard; basement;
sunny side; rent $26. .
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL,
.10 Montgomery st. "
MINNA, 323%, between Fourth and Fifth-
House of 6 rooms In good order. ,
PERRY. 208— House 4 rooms, yard: rent $7 50
mo.; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A RARE chance; an elegantly furnished mod-
ern residence: 8 rooms, bath: lovely yards;
close to San Mateo and Mission cars. 30 Val-
ley st, bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth;
rent $30.
LEAVENWORTH, 410, near Washington-
House 8 rooms and bath; yard; cheap to right
party.
______
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; 407 Laurel St.,
Presidio Heights; rent reasonable. MADISON
& BURKE.
FOLSOM, 2326— Cottage, 7 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20.
LEAVENWORTH. 1624, corner Broadway—
tage, 3 rooms and laundry; large yard; $10;
water free.
STEINER, 609— Fine cottage; large yard;
healthy location; fine view; cheap rent.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 6 roomo. basement;
large yard; fiat. 6 rooms, bath. 1876 15th st
FLATS TO LET.
A COZY 5-room and bath; lovely yard; only $12,
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
CLAYTON. 872-874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flats; 4 and 5 rooms: bath: cheap.
CHELSEA place, off Bush, bet. Stockton and
Powell— New 5-room, very sunny flat; bath.
FIVE rooms, bath; new; $16. 2121 Point Lobos
aye., near Tenth aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
HYDE, Parlor floor, 4 roomn and bath;
rent $23 60. Apply owner on premises.
LOWER corner flat, 5 rooms, bath; all sunny;
$16. Northeast corner Filbert and Jones sts.
NEW upper sunny flat; 4 rooms and bath:
reasonable. 19 Julian aye., off Fourteenth st.
MINNA. 521, in rear, bet. 6th and --room
house; $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, near 6th. ;
MODERN lower flat, 3316 Sacramento st.: «
rooms and bath; must be rented. MADISON
& BURKE.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath; cheap
rent. 1805 Eddy st, near Scott.
NICE flats of 3 rooms each, ground floor, $7
and $8. 10, 19 and 21 Scott place, Pacific and
Mason sts. __■
NINTH, 243— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
TO rent— modern .new flats: i and 7 rooms.
SE. corner of Lyon st. and Golden Gate aye.
UPPER flat. 229 Seventh st., near Howard; 4
rooms and ba"h: rent reasonable.
UPPER tUt, 3 Choice sunny rooms: pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st. near Fillmore.
A— slo; SUNNY corner upper flat, 6 rooms and
bath. 114 San Jose aye.
$14— FLAT; double parlors, -dining-room and ,
kitchen. 41 Hermann st., junction Market and
Valencia.
$6 EACH— 2 new tenements; 4 rms. 17 Roscoe,
off Crescent aye.: Mlsslon-st cars; ; owner.
$12— LOWER flat. 3 large sunny rooms; marbla
mantle, bath, yard and cellar; 78 Elliot Park,
off Stelner st., near Geary. Apply 1911 Geary.
LOWER flat of four sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
St.. oft Market, near Valencia.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 207— Large double front room: good
stove; complete; also double front bedroom.
EDDY, 917— Second floor of 4 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; private residence;
splendid location; no children. '
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th— 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; neat, convenient; rent $13.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $8, or 2, $10.
FIFTH. 353— Clean furnished housekeeping, 3
connecting rooms, $13; also single, $5 up.
FILLMORE, 618, near Hayes— Adjoining fur-
nished rooms for light hsekpg. from $8 to $12.
FILLMORE, 2212. near Clay— 3 large sunny
unfurnished rooms, nice yard, water, $10.
GEARY, 1812%— large sunny housekeeping
rooms; all modern improvements; no chil-
dren: $18. • -
GEARY, 1917— $11: 3 comfortably furnished
eunny rooms; bath, gas and coal stoves; every
convenience for adults.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Changed hands; 2 or
3 rooms for housekpg; gas stove; bath; $10 up.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone.
HARRISON, 676— Parlor floor: 3 rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: yard.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25. 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 805%, near Fourth— Sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms, single $1 week up; also
housekeeping; transient.
HOWARD, 1068— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
complete; all conveniences; $1 25 per week up.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— and 2
rooms, with kitchens, unfurnished, cheap.
LEXINGTON aye., Sunny front alcove
room with kitchen; complete for housekeep-
ing; bath; $12.
LEAVENWORTH, 811— $14; 4 furnished or un-
furnished sunny rooms; bath; yard; couple.
MINNA, 111%— Frnshed. hskpg. bay-window
suite; piano; $2 wk; furn. hkpg. rm., $1 25 wk.
MINNA, 546—2 or 3 rooms complete for house-
keeping.
MINT aye., 26— Middle or lower flat, 4 and 3
rooms. Inquire premises.
MISSION, 821— Sunny front suite, $3; large
rooms, complete for housekeeping, $2 week.
MISSION, 1125%, near Seventh— Large front
room, nicely furnished, good stove, $2 week.
NINTH. 72— Two sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room; private fam-
ily; bath.
O'FARRELL, 431— Two or more rooms rur-
nished for housekeeping.
PERRY, 166— Nice sunny bay-window front
room; use of kitchen; very convenient.
POWELL. 903—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
front; alcove; bath; $12. ■
SECOND, 127— Sunny housekeeping, $1 50 per
week; single rooms, $1 per week. ■.
SIXTH, 216%— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms and single; reas.; sunny; . pleasant.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath; reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 211— Two sunny furnished rooms
fcr housekeeping.
TEHAMA, 424, bet. 6th and 6th— Prettily fur-
nished suites for light hkpg: sink and yard.
TEHAMA, 478,' near Sixth— 3 sunny rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping, $11.
THIRD, 340— Large front alcove room for
housekeeping, $2; also 2 others, $1 50.
TURK. Very large front alcove room, un-
furnished, suitable for housekeeping.
UNFURNISHED— Large alcove parlor and
housekeeping rooms. 603 Eddy, st.
VALENCIA. 834%— _ sunny rooms, furnished
complete for hskp; porch; bath; private; $12.
VAN NESS, 400— Elegantly furnished corner
'.- flat; 3 rooms and bath;, gas range: NE cor-
ner - reasonable to responsible parties. .
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
ln every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $160 day. MX.S. J. KING.
AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup"— Nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen.
BUSH, 421, near Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand, $1 up.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DECATUR. 25, bet. 7th and Bth. off Bryant—
4 rooms, with all conveniences., ;/
EDDY, 3, corner Furnished ffont sunny
rooms, bay window, $2 to $3 60 week.
ELLIS, ' 696— Large front room, newly ; fur-
nished, $15; board If needed.
ELLIS, Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
back and front; bath. .
GEARY, 36%, The Clyde— Sunny, finely fur-
nished front suite, and single rooms.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY, 622, near Jones— 2 large single nicely
furnished back rooms; run. water and gas.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 303. near Hyde— Nicely
furnished sunny • room, with gas and bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corneT" Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT aye., Bay-window suite or single
rooms; transient.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms, bath, all conveniences,
homelike. $1 a week.
IF you want a room see our fully described
list; saves time and trouble. If you want
roomers register here. MATHESON'S Agency,
room 209, 927 Market St., ; opp. Mason.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 271 — Elegant modern sunny
rooms, suite and single; convenient; reason-
able. * .
O'FARRELL. 748—4 sunny connecting rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; very reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 314A-- Rooms by the day, week or
month; transient solicited; quiet. ".->
POWELL. 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)—
gantly furnished room: reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 60;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. ;: ■:
SHOTWELL. 121— Sunny furnished front room;
large closet; bath; $3 50 a month.
STEVENSON. 408, corner of Fifth— Large front
room, suitable for 2; rent cheap.
STEVENSON, 472, cor. of Sixth— Sunny front
rooms, $1 25 up: quiet house. :.-<>'-
SUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortable fur-
nished rooms, single and en suite; also hkpg.
TEHAMA, 473, nr. Sixth— Single sunny room;
private family: $5 month.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
A— HOME comforts for gentleman or lady in
respectable family: no objection to aged per-
son or invalid: German preferred. 3550 Nine-
teenth street, near Valencia.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
CALIFORNIA, 807. "The Bingham"— California
and Powell-st. cars: neatly fur.: home comfts.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant sunny rooms; gool
home cooking; single, $25; double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
suites and single roo. is; excellent board.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family: board opt'l.
SUTTER. 1128— Lovely home; sunny rooms:
overlooking garden: home cooking.
THE Longworth. 522 Geary— Sunny front suite
elegantly furnished: single rms.: table board.
CHILDREN DOARDED.
GOOD home for children, $8; infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WINCHESTER Hotel, dining-room and restau-
rant. 44-58-68 Third st. ; take elevators; French
dinners. 25c: also a la carte; tel Red 2951.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
FINE small store, $500. 31 Zoe St., near Third
and Bryant.
STORE and 2 rooms, suitable for barber or
shoemaker. 1690 Mission st
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgagee, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, .24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg., chattels,
undlv'd Int'ts, etc. Harper & Krelger. 312 Ex-
aminer building.
$3500 TO LOAN on approved city real estate at
current rates. See J. F. CROSETT, Agent,
816 Sutter st.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, 11 per year.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000 AT 8 per cent; Improved orchard: Santa
Clara County. Address box 869, Call office.
LOST.
' LOST— Bull terrier bitch, name Lily: marked
toe on front foot cut off; finder will be re-
warded by returning her to 329 Montgomery
st, S. WHEELAND.
LOST — Horseshoe diamond locket between San
Francisco md Emeryville. Return to Emery-
ville postofflce and receive Its cash value
reward.
$10 REWARD— Vicinity of Third and Mission,
Friday morning. May 5, 8-cornered locket con-
taining old lady's picture and lock of gray
hair. Return to 211 Minna st.
LOST— On Sutter or Kearny sts., platina clasp
set with 24 diamonds. Reward at 136 Sutter.
LOST— Masonic charm, engraved D- S. H.,
Portland 55: reward. D. S. HUTCHINS, 310
California at.
LOST— Fox terrier pup; black tall; name Dan-
dy. Reward at 201 Valencia st
LOST— Black and white cow. Reward at 444
Twenty-ninth St., corner of Noe.
LOST— May 10, on Hayes or Market st., lady's
purse, containing money and certificate of
deposit in Bank of California. Reward at
2042 Scott st. .
LOST— lady's opal ring; valued as a keep-
sake. Return to S. M. Cassin,, 110 Clara aye.,
near Seventeenth, and receive reward.
LOST— A Great Dane dog, last Sunday . Re-
I ward 707 Valencia st.
j HORSE and red cart was taken from Buchanan
st, near Clay; dark bay, over 14 hands high,
mane close cut. JOHN T. GRAHAM, Pre-
sidio aye. and Alabama St.; reward.
legal notices.
~
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice ls
hereby given that on the 17th day of April,
1899, the Bakersfield and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed Its application in writing,
ln the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of said
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfield and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
? day of April, 1899, called for the purpose of
passing upon the question. It was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and de-
scription, have been fully paid and dis-
charged.
Wherefore, It was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the filing of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In some newspaper
published <In the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days. .~
Therefore, all persons having any Interest-
In the matter of said application or desiring
to oppose the granting of the same are here-,
• by notified to file In my office, on or before
the 22d day of May. 1899, , any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
said petition. • ' -
In 'testimony whereof, I have | hereunto set
my hand and the official seal of said court
this the 17th day of April, 1899.
(Seal), WILLIAM A. DEANE,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
Superior Court.
By E. M. THOMPSON.
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Officio Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
April 14. 1899— 1n compliance with the pro-
visions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board
of Supervisors, . approved September 15, ISSO,
- also In accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, approved March 16, 1872, there
will -be sold at public auction by E. 6. Spear
& Co., at their Salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
St., on MONDAY, May 15. 1899, at 10 o clock
a. m., sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an llentory
thereof on file in the office of the c let k of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
Jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the - Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on morning of sale.
■■ I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE "~~
BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.-
MOVED TO 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS. ALL SIZES
AND PRICES.
Cheap; Van Ness ave., 'west side, near Union;
50x110:3, $5500; or 25x110:9. $2750: street accepted.
Elegant marine view; Vallejo st. lots, north'
side, between Webster and Fillmore; 30x137:6;
$-1800; or any size front; near Flllmore-st. cars;
Pacific aye. and Union st. cars 2 blocks off.
Oak at, facing the Park; lots 25x137:6 $2250
each; street paved; electric cars pass; between
Baker and Lyon sts.
Oak st, near Clayton; 2 lots, 25x137:6: 8000
each: street sewered, bitumenized, granite
curbs; stone sidewalk..
Five lots: 25x120 to rear st: south side of
O'Farrell, bet. Lacuna and Buchanan; $3750
each; or any size; fine lots; street accepted.
Only two lots left; Gough st., bet. Grove and
Fulton; 25x137:6; $3250; street paved and ac-
cepted.
Fine view of bay: lots 30x100; $2150; Devlsa-
dero st, west side, bet. Green and Union?
Reduced to $1850 each; will be business street:
Fillmore, just north of Union; lots 24x100; stone
blocks down and -sewer in; easy terms; Fill-
more, from Union to the bay, will be business
street.
$1600; Masonic aye. lots; 27x113; bet. Waller
and Frederick; street paved.
Union St., north side; grand view of bay;
cable cars pass; lots 25x137:6; from $1750 to $2200
c<ch. -'.-,'
Magnificent view; not to be shut out: Park
road; 25x150; $2100; street graded, macadamized
and sewered; 1% blocks south of Haight st
facing Park.
Tremont aye.; 75x80: $3000; Frederick st: fine
view; or $1000 for 86x80. , '' :-„.';':;
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOTS.
SW. cor. O'Farrell and Laguna sts.; 40x100;
a fine corner; will pay well if improved; $8000.
SW. cor. Union and Devlsadero; fine resi-
dence corner; marine view; 50x100; $6250.
Cheapscorner; $1650; reduced price; SW. cor.
Webster and Filbert; 25x100; one block from
Unlon-st cars.
Cheap corner; fine view; corner Ridley and
Alpine, bet. Devlsadero and Broderick; on side
hill; 32:5x84:4; only $1250. .
GOlden Gate aye. and Lott; NE. corner; BOx
100; only $3500.
MISSION HOUSES AND- LOTS.
Reduced to $5500: Stevenson St.; rents $54; 3
2-story and basement houses and lot 50x70.
$2100; 24th at, bet. Valencia and Guerrero;
25x109, and cottage; street accepted.
Very cheap; rents $30; $3500; Ridley St., bet.
Valencia and Guerrero; 30x80; 2-story houses;
5 rooms and bath each; rented cheap.
$2000; Cottages and lots, 25x100; 34th st, 100
feet from Mission st. and electric cars; easy
terms. THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
f- ;.;:.„. : ".?_: >•?, Moved to .5 Montgomery st.
AUCTION AUCTION
MAY 17 OF May. 17
CHOICE PROPERTIES'.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
HAIGHT-ST. LOT.
lot 25x120 on south line of Haight St., 155
west of Broderick; a fine residence lot.
MASON-ST. COTTAGE.
Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms and bath re-
spectively on west line of Mason st. (Noa. 1705-
-1707), 34 feet north of Green; renting for $9
and $10 25.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Lot 55x90, with 3 stores, 2 flats and 4 two-
story houses; renting for $110; on NE. corner
of Twenty-fourth and Shotwell sts.
MASON-ST. CORNER.
Lot 82:6x52:6 on SE. corner of Mason and
Washington, sts., with large 12-room residence;
(mortgage of $5000 can remain.)
22 AND 24 TURK ! T.
Lot 34:4^4x137:6, with 3-story frame improve-
ments; Nos, 22 and 24 Turk St.; renting for $200
a month; this is only $206 feet west of Mason
and looks into Market St.; this property will
surely increase one- third ln 5 years; mortgage
of 819,000 can remain.
RICHMOND BLOCK, LESS 5 LOTS.
Block 195, bounded by Point Lobos aye.,
Clement st. Fourteenth and Fifteenth ayes.; 5
lots sold out of this block at $750 to $775; this
block fronts on proposed boulevard.
GRAND DOWNTOWN CORNER.
Lot 50x100 feet, with frame improvements, en
the SE. corner of Fourth and Mission sta,
renting at. reduced rates for $434; mortgage of
$35,000 can remain at 6'_ per cent with the Hi-
bernla Bank: paying 6 per cent net on Invest-
ment of $75,000 by leaving mortgage; this Is a
chance of a lifetime to get a corner in the very
best business center of our city; only short
block from Ellis, Stockton and Market ste. ;
must be sold to settle estate.
MAY 17 GOOD PROPERTIES MAY 17
MAY 17 MUST BE SOLD MAY 17
AT SALESROOM OF
A. M. SPECK & CO., .
.667 Market St.,
AT 12 O'CLOCK M. .
A. J. RICH & CO 112 Montgomery Street
$13,500 cost; price $10,500 If purchased with-
in 5 days; pays over 11 per cent; rents $1122
per annum; Baker st. ; 3 elegant modern im-
proved flats: every convenience; near Golden
Gate Park Panhandle. »
For further particulars and order to ex-
amine apply at our office.
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery Street.
FOR sale— Cheap, a cottage containing 4 rooms
and bath, with modern improvements; lot
22:6 in front by 100 feet in depth; street
graded and sewered; situated 909 Sanchez st.
near Twenty-second. Apply to JOHN LAND-
ERS, 240 Montgomery st.
IF you. have lots that you wish to sell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
$100 CASH. $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
'_ block from cars. 924 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD lodging house In Oakland; now clearing
over $150 per month: will sell on easy terms
or exchange for good property: best of reasons
for selling. J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway,
Oakland. : : *' -<-;
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALS.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE—
Enclnal, near station; large house, ( rooms;
lot 40x110; finely furnished throughout; rent for
$37 50; only $2500; near station.. ". a -:* : ,;'-.-
House. 6 rooms.
LARGE LOT. $1250.
House, 5 rooms.
. LARGE LOT, STABLE, ETC. $2500.
Central aye.
ELEGANT HOME. $9000.
San Jose aye.
BEAUTIFUL HOME. $10,000.
House 9 rooms, stable, windmill and well;
lot 138x150; fine garden; only $7800. :. . . .
TO RENT ON
CENTRAL AYE. -■-■; -*■■■.". ; :]:■■■■: ■:;', ••.-.
ALAMEDA AYE.
SAN ANTONIO AYE.
SAN JOSE AYE. .-..-.,-
CLINTON AYE.
FROM $30 TO $50.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1413. Park st, Alameda.
$1000— LOT 50x130, with small cottage; on mac-
adamized street; near station and school.
$1600— Lot 30x150, with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2600— 40x207, with handsome new up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
$25 per month. '-'►.- •
$3200— Lot 43x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near etation; $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month: great snap. •■•-,? -.:•",
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1123 Park St., Alameda.
~ ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME, for ladles in delicate health: largs
grounds: private. MRS. - UNKE. 1416 Bth st.
• ■ ._■
"fiEUKELEY'REAL ESTATE. "
$1800— NEW, modern 6-room house, 1 block from
cars and local; street work done; large lot;
small payment; balance as rent, or will take
lot in part payment; open Sunday; carriage.
' Call or address NAMANNY & ROBINSON,
, Lorln, Cal. ' '
MONEY to loan for building artistic homes in
Scenic Park, Berkeley; directly adjoining uni-
v ersity grounds: view unsurpassed; all
i agents In Berkeley have my property for sale
except where loan is required. Apply in per-
son or by letter to F. M. WILSON, Berkeley.
HILLEGASS TRACT.,
-- Ten minutes' walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet in depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station. '
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
» T-tc-k-W Station.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
'ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
. ments, bankruptcy,, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 860 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NO charge unless successful; advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 7 to 10. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 827, Market st
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$1000—4 ACRES of No 1 lnnd^sltuatedf Tn COB-
-tra Costa County, near Concord: well tim-
bered; % of an acre of vineyard; good barn
and chicken house. Box 64, Call; price $1000.
FOR sale, Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver Island; unexcelled salmon and trout
fishing and hunting: owner leaving country.
Apply to DR. FOOTE, Duncans, Vancouver
Island.
ORCHARD. 15 miles south of San Jose:
12 acres 4-year-old prunes; house of 7 rooms;
barns, etc.; good well of water; 5 minutes
from station.' R G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 addiess THE
. COTATI CO.. 302 California at. S. F.
$350— 1N SAN BENITO County; 160 acres home-
stead abandonment; 60 acres cultivable; II
acres in wheat. Address box 803. Call.
! COTTAGE in Santa Cruz for sale; $150; good
location Apply 11 Maple St.. Santa Cru^ Cal.
$500-75x100; HOUSE, barn and well at Colma,
C..C. FISHER. 624 Market st.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
FRUIT, grain and i ock farms. ~~
W. D. HOT.COM * CO.. 20 m--»-~-.-.- - «t.
■* I
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
S. G. Robert and Annie F. Dohertv 32-18
G. H. Broderson and Etta Oestermann 23-22
John G. Ulsteen and Alyce Henry "3-26
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
ANIXTER— HEALEY— In Oakland. April 8,
1899. by the Rev. Paul Branke of San Fran-
cisco, Ike Anixter and Bessie Healey, both of
San Francisco.
BRANDES— BRUCKSICKER— In this city, May
10, 1899. by the Rev. Paul Branke, August R.
F. Brandes and Caroline M. Bruckslcker. both
of San Francisco.
SANDERS— LUTKEY— In Oakland. May 12.
1899, Frank E. Sanders and Fanny M. Lut-
key. .:•-.-,. •
~~. DEED.
Alllato. James Linden. Victor
Bahrt. Gustave Llppman, Jack H. '•
Cashman, Mary Merz, Amalia
Cochran. Robert N. Powers. Annie E.
Collins. John Richter. William
Curry. Francis Rottanzi. Giosue
Downs. William H. Smith. Addie
Ehrichs,. Helene Spottlswood (infant)
Graves. Arthur Urioste, Emilia y V.
Hammill. Mrs. Louise Welhelmy, Teresa A.
Lauber, Mary
ALLIATO— this city. May 12, 1899, James
Alllato, a native of Switzerland, aged 35
years.
BAHRT— In this city, May 12. 1899, Gustave
Bahrt. beloved son of Ferdinand and Cath-
erine Kross, and brother of Alma, Ferdinand
Jr. and Elsie Kress, a native of Lubeck, Ger-
many, aged 26 years and 3 months.
"J—TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 1005 San Bruno avenue, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CASHMAN— In this city. May 12. 1899, at her
residence, 8 Sliver street. Mary, beloved wife
of the late Denis ('ashman, and dearly be-
loved sister of Mrs. Margaret Geohagan and
Mrs. Kate Casey, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 66 years and 3 months.
lC_rNotlce of funeral hereafter.
COCHRAN— In this city. May 9. IKB, Robert
N., husband of Sarah L. Cochran, father of
Smith H. Cochran, and brother of J. P. and
Anna E. Cochran, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 67 years and 9 days.
i E-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Cosmopolitan Lodge No.
194. I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from Mis-
sion and Fourteenth streets at 3 o'clock.
COLLINS— In this city, May 12, 1899, John, be-
loved husband of Sarah Collins, son of Mich-
ael and the late Catherine Collins, and brother
of Joseph W. Collins, Mrs. M. Cottle and Mrs.
C. Terry', a native of New Orleans, aged 43
years. .'"..v : ;•. .v- .;.v.y..:. -.
'J_ r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 126 Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CURRY— In this city. May 12, 1899. Francis
Curry, a native of New York, aged 34 years.
DOWNS— this city. May 11, 1899. William H.,
beloved husband of Annie Downs, son of the
late William and Jane Downs, and brother of
Edward and Robert Downs, a native of Pan
Francisco, aged 36 years.
"3_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1023 Mission street, between Sixth and
Seventh, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
EHRICHS— In this city. May 12. 1899, Helene
Ehrichs, beloved mother of Mrs. H. Tietjen
and Mrs. H. Winkle, a native of Germany,
aged 66 years 4 months and 26 days.
E_r Notice of funeral hereafter.
GRAVES— In Pinole, May 6, 1899, Arthur
Graves, a native of England, aged 29 years.
I_>"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the M. E.
Church, Martinez, under the auspices of the
Foresters of Pinole. Interment Martinez.
HAMMILL— In this city. May 10. 1899, Mrs.
Louise Kelley Hammill, beloved daughter of
Hy A. Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged
27" years 2 months and 29 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1165 Shotwell street, between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence to St. Peter's
Church, on Alabama street, near Twenty-
fifth, where services will be held, beginning
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by carriage.
LAUBER— In this city. May 12. 1899. Mary,
dearly beloved wife of F. H. Lauber. and be-
loved mother of Camlle, Adela. Robert. Tessle
and Lucy Lauber, a native of Queens County,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
LINDEN— In this city. May 11, 1899. Victor
Linden, a native of Germany, aged 37 years
. 5 months and 22 days.
LIPPMAN— In Manila, November 2. 1898, Jack
H., beloved son of Hyman and Johanna Llpp-
man, a nat've of San Francisco, aged 19
years and 8 months.
(t_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 1412 McAllister .treet Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by special
train, leaving Third and Townsend streets at
11:45 o'clock.
MERZ— In this city, May 12, 1899. Amalia.
dearly beloved wife of William Merz. mother
of Mrs. August Rodemann and Wilhelmlna
Merz. and sister of Carl Urschel. a native of
Bavaria, Germany, aged 56 years 2 months
and 6 days.
E_rFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
■ her son-in-law, August Rodemann, 708 Cole
street, near Waller. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
POWERS— In this city. May 11. 1899, Annie
Emily, daughter of the late John and Cath-
erine Powers, and sister of Mary I. and John
H. Powers, a native of San Francisco.
(I_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1202 Union street, corner of Hyde,
thence to St. Brigid's Church, Van ness ave-
nue ,and Broadway, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
RICHTER— In this city. May 10, 1899, William,
beloved husband of Dorothea Rlchter. and
father of Mrs. Matilda yon Ploennies and
Adolph Rlchter and the late Henry and Hen-
riette Richter, a native of Bremen, Germany,
aged 72 years.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner San Bruno avenue and Twenty-
fourth street, and thence to Masonic Temple,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127, F. and
A. M., at 1 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ROTTANZI— this city. May 12. 1899, Giosue.
beloved husband of Mary Rottanzi. and father
of Sofia. Maria. Beatrice and Leo Rottanzi,
a native of Faido, Switzerland, aged 73 years.
|T_rNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital. May
12. 1899. Addie Smith, a native of California.
aged 24 years.
iTTISWOOD— In Mill Valley. May 12. 1899.
Infant son of Dr. J. J. and Frances Spottls-
wood.
URIOSTE— In this city. May 11, 1899, Emilia
de Urioste y Viteri, dearly beloved sister of
Adolfo and Jorge de Urioste y Viteri and Mrs.
Juan Urruela, a native of. Bilbao. Spain.
C_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1330 Sutter street, thence to the Span-
ish Church, Broadway, near Mason street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
WILHELMY— In this city. May 12, 1899, Teresa
A., beloved wife of Max Wllhelmy, daughter
. of the late Thomas and Mary A. Reynolds,
and sister of Joseph, George, Lucy and Mar-
tha Reynolds, a native of San Francisco, aged
33 years. -
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMgRK
(0 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School
Telsp bons South 84 ...Ir-..,
1112
COURT CLERK KELLY
AND J.N. E.WILSON
TO BE INDICTED
Held Responsible for the Re
lease of the "Strangler."
Investigation Reveals That Thomas Cos
grove, One of the Supposed Bonds
men, Is a Myth.
CLERK KELLY of Judge Graham's
court and Attorney J. N. E. Wilson
will be indicted by the Grand Jury
for their participation in the at
tempted escape of Harry "Wilson,
who was recently arrested on several
charges of petty larceny.
The colored man was taken Into cus
tody several weeks ago on suspicion of
being the strangler of May McDermott
end Bertha Para creatures of the
tenderloin, who were strangled to death,
presumably for the purpose of robbery.
Failing to connect Wilson with the hor- <
J. N. E. WILSON.
rlble crimes. Chief Lees, after ascertain- ,
Ing that he had robbed several women by
representing himself as a wealthty cattle
dealer of Montana, ordered three charges
of petty larceny to be placed against him.
He was convicted on each charge, and
committed to jail for eighteen months,
the maximum penalty.
The prisoner's attorney was J. N. E.
Wilson, who, the police say, was impli
cated in the escape of Gilbert Kendall, a
desperate counterfeiter. Kendall for some
unknown reason was taken from the City
Prison to Wilson's office, and during the
temporary obsence of a Deputy Sheriff,
who accompanied him, he jumped
through a window and made his escape.
THOMAS KELLY.
Wilson, the colored man, was taken be
fore the Grand Jury yesterday and read
ily consented to toll how he secured his
release on straw bonds.
"Attorney Wilson visited me in the City
Prison," he declared, "and after inform
ing me that I had been booked on three
charges of petty larceny, offered to de
fend me. I told him I was penniless, but
promised to reward him for his services
'as soon as I was set at liberty.'
"Immediately after I was convicted and
sentenced to eighteen months' Imprison
ment Wilson again .'islted me In my cell
ln the City Prison and asked me If I could
-**•« thrfe hundred dollars. He promised
Ito secure my release as soon fts that
1 amount was handed to him. I informed
i him that I had a friend, a woman, who
would gladly give that sum if he succeed
ed in having me released from jail. I as
sured him that if he arranged It so that
! I could get out, even for a short time,
I would take him to my friend's room
and personally see that he was given the
amount he asked for. Evidently realizing
that I meant what I said Wilson left me
after promising to return and take me
out on bonds. A few hours later he re
turned to the prison with the necessary
bonds. I was then taken out of my cell
and told that I was at liberty to go.
"As I left the prison Wilson followed
! me and asked if I Intended to keep my
promise as to the three hundred dollars he
was to receive for his services in securing
my release. • I answered in the affirma
tive and together we went to my friend's
room on Fourth street, near Howard.
, She was surprised to see me, but after I
. had explained how I had been released on
bonds through the efforts of the attorney
she seemed satisfied.
"I informed her of my promise to pay
Wilson $300 and she at once went to her
trunk and. taking out three $100 bills,
handed them to him. He promptly ac
cented the money and shortly afterward
left the place.
"As he assured me that I was at lib
erty to go where. I pleased, I took the
j first train for Santa Cruz, intending to
i remain there a few days and then go to
Mex'co. Thinking that Wilson had
squared the cases against me as he rep
: resented, I was disagreeably surprised a
few days'later when a Constable arrested
! me on a dispatch from Chief Lees."
The colored prisoner tthen told how
! after he had been brought back to this
; city he was confronted with Wilson, the
attorney, in the presence of Captain Sey
mour and accused him of having thrown
j him down, as he expressed It.
"Did you give me any money to defend
you?" excitedly asked the attorney at the
! time. -
"Yes, I did; you got $300 from me and
then gave me the worst of It," retaliated
j the prisoner. v
J Wilson repeated this conversation be
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 13, 1899.
fore the Grand Jury, and furthermore de
clared that the attorney begged him not
to tell the police that he had received a
cent for his services.
It was developed at the investigation
that the Thomas Cosgrove, who was sup
nosed to have qualified as one of the
bondsmen on Wilson's bond, is a myth.
As ex-Deputy Sheriff Riley, whose name
also appears on the bond, denies that It
is his signature, the police are morally
certain that somebody is guilty of forg
ery.
At the conclusion of the investigation
yesterday several of the grand jurors
were iin favor of indicting both Kelly
and Attorney Wilson. The , matter was
discussed at length, but it was finally de
cided to postpone action until next Mon
day. It is authoritatively said that at
the next meeting of the inquisitorial body
true bills will be found against the two
men.
Kelly does not bear a very good repu
tation. Some time ago he was arrested
by Detective Egan on suspicion of being
a pickpocket, but as the charge could not
be sustained he was released.
FRIEDLANDER AND
BELASCO MIX THINGS
THEATRICAL MANAGERS USE
ANGRY WORDS.
An Incident Not Down on the Bills
Furnishes Excitement for a
Deadhead Audience on
O'Farrell Street.
S. H. Friedlander. late of the firm of
Friedlander, Gottlob & Marx, and Fred
Belasco of the Alcazar furnished an ex
citing performance last night not down on
the bills. The audience, all deadheads,
was composed of people who happened to
be in the vicinity of that part of O'Far
rell street most brilliantly lighted by
theatrical stars.
Friedlander made his entrance P. D. Q.
from the corridor of the Alcazar to the
street, closely followed by Belasco, in the
role of the heavy villlan bent on r-r-r-re
venge. There was no mistaking the situa
tion. A wild and woolly melodrama could
not have been more realistic. Everybody
saw in an instant that- Belasco was a bad
Indian after the scalp of the pale-faced
fugitive. It looked to be all up with
Friedlander and the audience began to
hold its breath for the climax, when along
came a westbound car, just like the to-be
continued-in-our-next line in the "Boys'
and Girls' Own," to foil the villain. Fried
lander was saved. The last seen of him
he was loping up Powell street, far from
Belasco and the "Heart of the Tender
loin."
Exciting as was this scene, the previous
encounter between the theatrical mag
nates was more so. In It Friedlander is
said to have received a slap In the face
from Belasco and to have been aided in
his subsequent entrance on the street
scene by the muscular action of the Al
cazar n:antger. Up to the time of their
collision the two men had been good
friends. Belasco blames Friedlander for
having caused the breach. It seems that
Belasco & Thall have on the road a dra
matic company in which there are two
young men whom Friedlander was desir
ous of securing for some attraction in
which he was interested. With this end
in view he wrote the actors, offering them
an engagement. They, being novices at
the business. immediately forwarded the
letter to Belasco. Not hearing from the
young men. Friedlander, after a week or
so. wrote another letter, receiving in due
course a reply informing him that his
first letter had been forwarded to Belasco
and referring him to that gentleman for
information. Last night, according to all
accounts, Friedlander called on Belasco
for the purpose of assuring him that he
meant nothing wrong in writing as he
had. The act began and ended as stated.
BASEBALL TO-DAY.
Oakland and "Watsonville Teams to
Contest.
Watsonville will invade the local base
ball preserves to-day, and Manager Cal.
Ewing and his bunch of rejuvenated crip
ples have been busy all the week getting
themselves in readiness to give the sugar
growers a fitting welcome. The reception
will take place at Recreation Park, begin
ning at 3 o'clock, and a large time may be
confidently expected by those who are in
attendance. The Watsonvilles, . flushed
with their string of victories, declare that
nothing can stop them now, not even
Uncle Hank's constellation of sluggers,
and that nothing on the coast ever
equaled them in hitting and fielding.
During the week Oakland has made
some changes in its make-up that will
prove most beneficial and stops the only
leak in an otherwise water-tight Infield.
"Kid" Peeples. one of the best infielders
in the State, will play second and Dun
leavy will cover first, Shea, who is a good
outfielder and hard hitter but an indif
ferent pitcher, going into left garden. The
teams are practically tied for fourth posi
tion now, are evenly matched, and this
week's series between them will doubtless
be as close and exciting as any games I
ever played here. The line-up of the I
teams to-day is as follows: j
Oakland. Positions. Watsonville.
Hammond Catcher Hanson. i
Mosklman Pitcher Harper |
Dunleavy : First base Selna 1
Peeples Second base Plake
Lange Third base Brockhoff '
Schtrreer Shortstop McCarthy <
Hardie Right field Morrow
Donovan Center field Whelan i
Shea Left field Hayes
The final game of the Academic Ath
letic League baseball tournament for this
year's championship will be played at
Recreation Park this morning at 10 o'clock
sharp. The championship lies' between
Palo Alto and Stockton high schools, which
have qualified for the final. Both teams
have exceedingly good records and are
capable of putting up a fast and interest
ing game. W. W. Smith, who last year
was captain of Hoitt's team and of the
University of California, will umpire.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
ATTORNEY ACH THREATENS.
Informs Officers Esola and Tyrrell
That Their Admittance to the
Cafe Royal Will Be Barred.
Attorney Ach is determined that the
police must not bother his clients, Messrs.
Hornlein & Co., proprietors of the Cafe
Royal. He visited the place last even
ing and finding Officers Tyrrell and Esola
on guard he tersely Informed them that
if they tried to watch the tables to-night
they would have to break in with an ax.
He Insinuated that admission to the po
licemen would be barred.
On their return to the Southern station
the. officers reported what Mr. Ach had
said to Captain Spillane, and the latter
became indignant. He said he would send
both men to the gambling resort again
to-night and he did not think they would
find any difficulty in getting inside. Cap
tain Spillane was also informed that three
tables were occupied by card players dur
ing the evening, and although money was
not handled the percentage was used ln
buying rounds of drinks and packs of
cards. It is expected that there will be a
lively time in the cafe to-night.
SAM YUP BENEFIT.
The Jackson-Street Theater Crowded
With Chinese and Hundreds
Turned Away.
A special entertainment was given In |
the Jackson street theater last night by
the Sam Yups and it was so largely pat
ronized that it was found "necessary to
call for the assistance of the police to
keep back the crowds.
The theater will hold about 1500 white
men or about 2000 Chinese. The thrifty
Sam Yups managed to dispose of about
4000 tickets, and as a result at about 9
o'clock a notice was posted at the doors
that the house was filled and no more
people would be admitted. The Chinese
who held tickets kept crowding up to the
doors all night, and many of them, when
informed that they could not be admitted
made remarks which If translated would
be unfit for publication. They all held
tickets and naturally thought they were
victims of a bunko game.
The proceeds will be devoted to the Sam
Yup joss house on Waverly place.
LAMP DAT.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent. >
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO'
Stores Everywhere.
TO SAVE THE STATES
WATERS AND FORESTS
A Big Convention of Interested
Organizations to Be Held.
California Water and Forest Society Takes the Initia
tive in the Matter and Will Ask Co-operation
of Kindred Bodies.
AN executive meeting of the members
of several committees of the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Society
was held at the Merchants' Club
yesterday afternoon and steps were taken
for the holding of a big convention in
this city with the object of conserving
the waters of the State.
United States' Surveyor General J. M.
Gleaves, president of the organization,
was chairman, and there were present
Colonel J. P. Irish of the executive com
mittee; Professor George Davidson, chair
j man of the committee on flood waters and
I reservoirs; W. H. Mills, chairman of the
i committee on printing and publication;
Hugh Craig of the committee on organi
zation; ex-Mayor Pond; F. W. Dohrmann,
president of the Merchants' Association;
William Thomas, M. Hopkins and Mayor
! Phelan, who had been invited to attend
I the conference.
A general discussion was had as to
I the surest means of getting the sentiment
i of the people at large in regard to the
I best plan to utilize the waters of the
I State, when and where needed, In order
i to bring about the conservation of the
( watersheds and forests. Some practical
i suggestions were offered and after the
subject had been thoroughly gone Into
I President Gleaves appointed a committee
j of five to meet with representatives of
i the commercial, mining, farming and oth
j er interested bodies in the State and ar
| range for a State convention to be held
I in this city. ■ <;'•" \^
The purpose of this convention will be
, to induce the State to appropriate suffi-
I cient funds for the construction of im
! pounding reservoirs. Should the State fall
] to pass needed legislation then the con
vention will devise ways and means to
j bear the expense. The committee will
I consist of Colonel John P. Irish, Elliott
; McAllister. Julian Sonntag, Edward. F.
Adams, Cralgle Sharp and J. M. Gleaves
! (ex-offlclo), all members of the executive
, committee. The meeting will . not take I
THE NEW SUPREME
COURT COMMISSIONER
THE Supreme Court Justices yesterday appointed James A. Cooper as Supreme
Court Commissioner, vice E. J. Pringle, deceased. The new Commissioner
is a member of the law firm of Cooper & Knight, who have offices in the
Mills building, •'
Mr. Cooper has been a resident of this city only for the past nine months, his
former home being in Ukiah, Mendocino County, where for twenty-one years he
practiced law. He comes from an old and well known Southern family of North
Carolina. Leaving the South at an early age he went to Kansas, but the future
of that State did not appeal to him. and In 1576 he came to this State, settling
at Uklah. For a long time he read Jaw in the office, of Judge Thomas of Santa
Rosa, Judge Thomas being then a law partner of Judge (now Justice) Temple.
Judge Temple appointed the young lawyer to the position of Court Commissioner
of the old District Court, the only public office Mr. Cooper ever held.
Since then he has been offered several positions, but his practice was too val
uable to be abandoned. He was associated with H. E. Highton in the celebrated
"King" White divorce case, appearing for the wife. Soon after the election of Gov
ernor Budd the position of Code Commissioner was offered to Mr. Cooper, but he de
clined with thanks. Shortly before he came to this city Mr. Cooper was one of
the directors of the Bank of Ukiah. He has been a delegate several times to the
Democratic State Convention. Since his residence in this city Mr. Cooper has
made his home at the Hotel Pleasanton with his family, consisting of a wife,
son and daughter. The son is now at Harvard College. During the summer the
family resides at Sausallto.
The Supreme Court Justices have renewed the appointments of the former
Court Commissioners, which. now consist of John Haynes, N. P. Chipman,
Wheaton A. Gray, E. W. Britt and J. A. Cooper. The secretary of the commis
sion was not named.
Town Talk.
A feature of Town Talk to-day is the
problem story signed "The Metaphysi
cian," in which a peculiar moral upheav
al Is dramatically pictured. The World
of Letters' is exceptionally interesting,
Hllalre Belloc and his works, and "ma
chine-made- authors" being discussed.
The Saunterer talks about the latest
ideas in weddings, an amusing mistake
made by two Marine Hospital doctors, a
story about Clara Foltz, an international
swapping of chorus girls, and Professor
I Alfred Benzon, the card manipulator; also
I gives the latest news in society, politics
j and the clubs. Clever jokes, amateur
| sporting news, chat about law and law
yers, criticisms on Clay Greene's play and
| "On and Off" Musical matters are given
I more space than is devoted to them by
j any other, newspaper on the Pacific
Coast. The editorials are on such timely
I subjects as Chris Buckley, the gas com-
I pany, the Dreyfus case, Roosevelt vs.
| Funston, and the latest inventions in
j punctuation. Town Talk, only 10 cents,
| at all newsdealers. •
Purged of Contempt.'
The. proceedings against the Board of
I place until next week, as there are 362
| commercial organizations throughout the
! State which will have to be notified.
j Enough time will be given to insure the
; attendance of a large representation.
President Gleaves announced the ap
pointment of Hugh Craig, former presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce, as a
member of the executive committee ot
the society to succeed William C. Ralston,
who has resigned on account of pressure
of other business.
Mr. Gleaves presented a history of the
Water and Forest Society from its incep
tion down through the successive stages
of legislation, and bespoke for it great
success. When seen in regard to the pro
posed convention, he said:
."The water and forestry question is of
momentous import to California's best in
terests, and this convention will be an Im
portant one for that reason, as it will
deal in a practicable manner with the
problem which confronts us. The whole
subject at the present time is a matter
for investigation solely. The plan for
bonding the State for the purposes of
water conservation will be thoroughly
considered in all its phases, and much
good will result therefrom. . It Is but just
that posterity should assist in paying for
the benefits that will certainly accrue by
a proper solution of the problem. The
last Legislature passed a bill appropriat
ing $10,000 for the work, but It failed to
get through in time. By the holding of a
convention the necessity of State aid will
become apparent.
"The various committees of the society
report progress in its affairs. Chairman
J. M. Walling of the executive commit
tee, Julian Sonntag of the finance com
mittee, Edward F. Adams of the com
mittee on organization, John P. Irish of
.the committee on forestry, Professor
George Davidson of the flood waters and
reservoir committee. E. W. Hilgard of
the committee on distribution of waters
and Curtis H. IJndley of the committee
on legislation .have all been performing
yeoman service in the good cause, and re
port a growing interest In the objects for
which the society was organized."
Education to declare that body in con
tempt of court for its refusal to properly
audit the demands of E. C. Kilpatrick
was dismissed without prejudice by Judge
Hunt yesterday. In view of a recent de
cision of the Supreme Court. Judge Hunt
held that the contempt proceedings were
insufficient and that the proper proceed
ing would be to mandamus the board.
Hence the case at bar. was dismissed that
the proper proceeding might be instituted
against the board by the plaintiff to re
: cover his salary, held to be due by Judge
I Hunt in : a former proceeding.
Flemish oak with ivory ornaments, Jap
anese gray, old Dutch, Persian green,
bone black, gold leaf, gold bronze and
English oak moldings for picture frames
in beautiful new designs, at Sanborn &
Vairs.74l Market street. •
A. B. C. Dowdell Wins.
Judgment was entered yesterday by
Judge Belcher in favor of A. B.C. Dow
dell against Charles Carpy for the sum of
$27,500 on a promissory note secured by
some 450,000 gallons of wine now In the
cellars of the defendant in Napa County.
Hales. | Hales.
*_» W^&®*&m
/m/ . -^^
/ Qfltiirflav THE NEW PARLOR read y for the }
X OulUlUujf first time to-day. A comfortable resting /
n lldtPS 53 11 P' ace * Stationery and writing desk, easy \
> "V™ o UIIU chairs, maid to serve you. A good place C
C ntnPT nfiWßi to near the concert. \
v uiiiui iiuiiui HERR STARK'S FAMOUS VIENNA C
f ORCHESTRA here again this afternoon. Probably X
J the finest orchestra in the West. Many folks come .• /
simply to hear the music.
J DEIMEL LINEN MESH Dress Shields at the /
J notion counter. Deimel Linen Mesh Underwear for f
*\ ladies and men. Physicians advise it. \_
S Programme of Concert This Afternoon: -^'^Vy'
j 1. March, "Pride of the Army" Andrews cj
2. Overture, "Festival" :. Leutner /
j 3. "Norwegian Dance" Grieg X
y 4. Waltz, "My Dream" ..Waldteufel _**
iT 5. "The Song That Reached My Heart ...........Jordan I.'
J 6. Selection. "Bartered Bride" Smetana
* 7. March. "Long Live the General" Melssner ' r
__ 8. Overture. "Night In Grenada' Kreutzer ' _w™
9. "Sweet Summer Rose" Armand C
1 10. Waltz, "Wiener Burger" Ziehrer _^
*** 11. Medley on popular airs Mackle r
S 12. Finale.
C Some New Millinery. i
_y A new lot of the "Raleigh" sailors arrived yesterday. Wide, jumbo straw _r
V braid. A swell little knock-about hat, 81 OO and 81 25 each. "V^
J Many new effects in sailor and outing hats.
m The workrooms busy turning out new creations. Many folks buying spring j
■^^ bonnets now. A
J Gloves. I Veilings. (
_> MORE OF THE HTE JOUVIN AN ATTRACTIVE LINE OF BOc
» GLOVES just arrived— The most popu- I VEILINGS— PIain and dotted black r
_f lar $1 50 glove we ever handled: i tuxedo, Russian and Brussels net; %
French kid; an imported glove in all I black tuxedo, with white chenille dot; C
J the new Parisian shad- <_[_ K/~| i white tuxedo, with black chenille dot; _^
** ings Pair <I> I eOVr | plain and dotted chiffon and CZ(_r* f
J MISSES' DOLLAR GLOVE-A two- wash veils TariUUV V^
1 clasp lambskin; the latest cut in All 25c veilings moved to center tables f
J embroidered backs; tan, brown, navy, to a |] nw customers for the 50c line I
f green, red g| f)f\ : sufficient buying space. \
» cuiuoia nrTTTvr< T oviro a ..! LADIES' JACKETS— Another lot of our _r
J .™,?ii ( °S^..v.^L Liv 5 i $5 tan covert cloth jackets just arrived. f
y SSSfiSf 9 3 Vo T ? C ?Zrr\«t2S d, , ?r)lay n fly front, lap Stitched s-ams, full V
f window; 2-clasp: enameled clasps to ,- ]k linef }- Veadv to-day _> S" t\C\ M
\ match the glove or metal effects; em-! hUK nnea - rea . ay lo aay fHo.OO S
W broidered or pique backs fl» 1 f\f_ ****-* w ar
1 Pair, 8."» c and '^■•vF'U' _. . „ ._ _ . T _ . _ .., .
J v> ALKING ST IT— A swell little brown TV.
_*^ All gloves from $1 up fitted and guar- j herring-bone suit: double-breasted, _\
\_ anteed; cleaned and mended free as tight fitting; jacket fi_ IfS f\i~\ _***
1 many times as you ask. I silk lined tp ItJ»U U m
f 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. \
POKER PLAYERS
RAVE CAUSE OR
JUBILATION
Case Against Hugo A.
Hornlein Tried.
— * —
ELEVEN JURORS ACQUITTED
— ♦ —
ONLY ONE MAN STOOD OUT FOB,
CONVICTING DEFENDANT.
» . —
Stress Laid Upon the Fact That the
Players Are Provided With Re
freshments for Checks
* Taken.
♦
The trial of H. A. Hornlein, proprietor
of the Cafe Royal, before a. jury in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday on the charge of
permitting a percentage game of poker
j to be played in his place, resulted in a
I disagreement, eleven being for acquittal
[ and one for conviction. -j -.": v;
The evidence was noteworthy in the
fact that Policeman Hemenez made a
very poor witness, and had to be con
stantly led by either Prosecuting Attor
ney Joachimsen or the Judge, against At
torney Ach's constant objections; . and
also in Sergeant M. J. Conboy's definition
of the word "percentage," which was
startling.
Hemenez testified to having entered the
cafe on the night of April 24. On going
to the rooms reserved for poker he saw
five men playing with chips. A man
named Berry, or Barry, was standing be
hind one of the players, and when each
player put in his ante Barry took out a
chip as a "rake off." Hemenez admitted
not being familiar with a percentage
game. After seeing two games played he
notified Sergeant Conboy and the sergeant
and Officers Heffernan, Donovan and
Murphy came into the poker room and
stood looking on while two other games
were played. Then the players were ar
•rested. In cross-examination Hemenez
said he did not see a card reading. "Un
lawful Games Prohibited— Minors Not
Allowed," nor did he see a card contain
ing the rules of the game.
. Sergeant Conboy corroborated Hemen
cz's testimony, and said positively that a
percentage game was being played. On
cross-examination he said he had read
law and knew the meaning of percent
age. It meant a commission or allow
ance, and on being further pressed he
said It meant a commission for services
rendered or a commission in the army.
Ach pressed him. so hard on that point
that he lost his temper and warned Ach
not to try and make a fool of him. He
admitted he had never heard the game
called a percentage game until the ar
rests were made. He saw no cigars,
drinks or sandwiches given to the play
ers.
The defendant took the stand and tes
tified that the chips taken by the con
ductor of the game were for drinks, ci
gars or sandwiches to the players, and
for the use of the room and cards. He
had no intention of violating the law,
and before he allowed poker to be played
in the rooms three years ago he asked
permission from Captain Spillane. and
the captain had* told him it would be
all right. Captain Spillane was sent
for, and he frankly admitted that he had
j told Hornlein it would be all right, but at
that time he did not know that poker
playing for a percentage was illegal.
This ended the testimony, and after the
addresses of counsel and the Judges
charge the jury retired, and after being
out for about two hours they announced
that they could not agree. They stood
eleven for acquittal and one for convic
tion. •. -. ■ ■ . _, • .
The case was continued until Monday
to be again set for trial along with the
other cases.
Two Small Fires.
An alarm was turned in yesterday after
noon at 4 o'clock for a fire in the three
story frame building 413-415 Golden Gate
avenue, owned by D. L. Farnsworth. and
ocupied by S. Shatshery as a dwelling
house. The fire was caused by sparks
from a chimney, and the loss was > not
great. •■• ■ • _ .
At 5:45 an alarm was turned In from
box 68. The fire was in the three-story
building at 22 Bluxome street owned by
I A. Hill and occupied by S. Peterson as a
dwelling. Cause, sparks from a chimney:
loss nominal.
FAINTED AT HIS POST.
ALAMEDA, May 12.— The first plans ot
the new Board of City Trustees toward
economizing in the management of the
electric light works have miscarried. The
force was reduced, and those who held
their positions were compelled to do duty
for upward of fourteen hours a day. This
afternoon J. O. -lesser, the, engineer,
fainted at his post. When he was able he
notified the City Trustees that he could
not stand the strain and would resign his
position. Under the new arrangement he
was forced to do the wiper's work in ad
dition to his duties as engineer. Had he
fainted during the night shift, when his
engine was running, the valuable ma
chinery of the electric light plant might
have been ruined before his condition was
discovered. To-night the plant is being
run by A. V. Fisher, who was formerly
wiper, but who was promoted to the posi
tion of collector and bookkeeper.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Visitors to
San Francisco
I who could not find it convenient to
be with Dewey on that first day of
May, when he wiped the Spanish fleet
from off the face of the waters
Should See the
Panorama
I now on exhibition on Market St.,
near Eighth, every day and even-
ing. It Is pronounced by returned
soldiers and sailors to be wonderfully
like the
Battle of
Manila Bay
I The interesting and eloquent lec-
ture which Professor W. O. Rollins
delivers every half hour heighten*
the effect. if risible, and makes
plain the details of the victory.
ADMISSION*. COc. CHILDREN. 25c.
Iffll
Extra Creamery 8utter....... 27_c
Don't delay packing
Your winter supply while It
is cheap; regular 35c square.
Fairbanks Gold Dust, 3-lb pkg.. 15c
Regular, 20c; 3-lb. package.
Eastern Sugar-Cured Hams.... lOc
Could not supply the
demand last Saturday,
fo great was our sale.
Extra supply for this sale.
Come early; regular, 12V6c.
Cleveland Baking Powder, _-lb can 15c
This opportunity you
should grasp.
Regular, 25c.
Port and Sherry Wine, qt. bot.. 2sc
This wine Is of vintage
of 1894; guaranteed extra.
Regular, 40c. '■-. :Z I .4*' ;
Grape-Nuts .....I2_c
Regular.'. 15c. :
1348 1354 MARKET STREET.
Opposite Seventh Street.
j Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores
CAFE RO i ALf«' '__?
wiiii. iiwi i i l_ 0 Overcoats ani
Valises checked (tm.