VOLUME 1, XX XV— NO. 143.
ALL EUROPE
URGED NOW
TO UNITE
Austria-Hungary's Jealous
Eyes Watch American
Development.
VATERLAND ON SAMOA
Attributes Difficulties Confronting
the German Race to England
and This Country,
Special Dlsratrh to Th* Call.
DON, April 22.— The Vienna cor- j
respondent of the Time?, dwelling upon
the displeasure and jealousy which
America's naval and military prowess,
coupled with her rapprochement to
Great Britain, has produced through
out Austria-Hungary", intensifying the '
apprehension? long held here regarding I
her astounding industrial and commer
cial progress, quotes an editorlalffrom
the Vaterland. the Clerical organ, on
the Samoan imhroplio.
Samoan
• important
tat< policy and
■ ■hi arise
The • ditorial
■ in:
il Kautz fired
• lon of a policy
Europe, the
I illcy for naval
.
■ ■ ributes most <~>f the
nfrontitig not only the
but all Continental i
k policy of i
nd to American comnv
cards the Anelo
as superior in naval
imic strength to either the
■ the triple alliance, and advo
i i<>n by all European
• it.
GERMANY TO SEND
MORE SHIPS TO SAMOA
LONDON, April 21.— A dis-
Shanghai ti> a news
: I Jernian protect
ed crui=.-r GeQon has been or
to Apia. Samoa,
vnbarking: an f-xtra supply
a 1 Kiaochou,
another cruiser
follow I
WASHINGTON. April 21. -Officials
they have no information as
k been sent to the Ger
r Gel to j • the G< rman
at Apia, but as dr.-. it
• presented there by two
i the United States by
Philadelphia, F"on to be reinf I
llier Brutus and auxiliary
r and possibly the New
• •xists thai the German
rnmeni will wish to have a force
which will make her more
In a naval sense to the
■ - the Berlin treaty.
rman point of view th^
•ther war vessel to Sa-
I be entirely consistent with
■ Germany's prestige
where her material
than those of oth<^r
' ' Th< -• . it is
been endangered by re
;" th<->
an act, a German diplo
ight, could not be con
lly to the Interests of
this Government, nor as a menace to
Germany at this
whil< iritain hn • | ! the
United States ■■n>\ The suggestion was
■ In German official em
r h;!t additional vessels might
la. Th" report that an
extra supply of ammunition would b"
embarked at Kiaochou is suggested by
this diplomat as probably a malicious
Invent lon.
retary T,ong said to-night that tho
Navy Department had no Information
of thr> kind contained in the dispatrh,
but even if it were true, h" said, he did
h any importance to It.
Th" rrui=f-r Newark left St. L,urla to
day for Montevideo. <>n her way t>>
Callao she will stop at Valparaiso .-..
hould it bf> necessary to send her
t Apia orders can bo cabled to her.
The Marblehead will leave for the Pa
cific ' tion within a few clays.
DAVITT SHOWS HIS
HATRED FOR ENGLAND
RLIN, April 2L— Hen- "WilhHm Leib
■iiist leader, has received
■r fmm Michael Davitt, National
member of the British Parliament for
o. In it. the writer says ho is
from his own knowledge
■ ntly brought in the Lon
ruth against the linden Missionary
Lloyd Osl I ;pnn of the
crt L<niis Stevenson, who char
gonism to
". rnian ' ';ithoiic. aa the
f the quarrel" in Samoa.
M- r ribea Chief Justice
r<s "nominally an American but
In re : trli.'-hman. who is anxious
to promot* -American alliance."
He e> itredof England and warns
'.s "againßt making the Ameri
can natioi . Lble tor tb< blarn
ey attitude of one or two persona "
"All the trouble" pays Mr. Davitt' "is
due to English Intrigues. You may 'rely
tipon the United States settling matters
honorably and fairly as soon as they
know the real origin of the riots."
I.OS ANGELES MAN BUNKOED.
Searched and Bobbed by Bogus Po-
licemen in Chicago.
CHICAGO, April 2L— Two confidence
n.r-n faked a policeman's star on W. H.
tier of Lob Angeles, Cal., while he
was walking on Dearborn street, and In
: him to be searched. They obtained
b watch and 536, but failed to lind $1000 In
Kills . lore in drafts in Whittier's
■ Th° Harrison street police were
told of the affair and arrested J. A. Kelly.
r Campbell and two women on eus
sicfon.
The San Francisco Call.
HAS ITALY
GONE OVER
TO FRANCE?
King Humbert's Squadron
Is to Pay a Visit to
Toulon.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by-
James Gordon ."Tennett.
PARIS. April 22.— 1t would seem as if the Cagliari fetes
were likely to have a sensational sequel. According; to
this morning's Figaro, there is no question of the Italian
squadron paying a visit to Toulon in September next, at which
date President Loubet is expected to be the guest of the great
southern naval port of France.
King Humbert, it appears, will send a special representa
tive with the squadron, bearing an autograph letter to the
President of the republic.
In this connection. Figaro's correspondent writes from
Toulon: "The launch of the cruiser Jeanne d'Arc, fixed for
the end of March, has been suddenly postponed for no appar
ent reason. The cause oi the delay is the President's coming
visit, which will assume an important character. It is said the
King of Italy will seize this opportunity to send his squadron
to salute the President of the republic."
La Patrie, in an article headed "Dislocation of the Triple
Alliance." says: "King Humbert's speech was amiable and Ad
miral Fournier's significant. He exalted the talent and clear
sightedness shown by his "Majesty's Ministers in the conduct of
public affairs, which means that they had done well to abandon
Germany.
"The King replied by assuring France of his sentiments of
cordial friendship, language praiseworthy in itself, but which
proves that Germany's ally has gone some way since he sent
his son to inspect the fortifications of Metz.
"The German press notes this defection, and with it the
disintegration of the triple alliance. The play of politics is
sometimes very curious. Two years ago German journalists
were chaffing the splendid isolation of which discomfited Albion
in lack of anything better was boasting. Now that threat
ened conflict brings Germany and England face to face, the for
mer sees with anxiety that her allies of previous days have de
serted her. and the latter boasts this time of menacing her with
the support of the United States. But who knows? To-mor
row, perhaps, the cards will be shuffled again."
MILES WILL
FIGHT FOR A
VINDICATION
To Demand a Court-Martial
to Try Members of the
Beef Court.
Pr> e( Mal PlFrvat'-h to Th«> rail.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— 1t is now
thought iikely that the report of the
army court of inquiry that has been
investigating General Milep' charges re
garding th" food supply of the army in
the war with Spain will be submitted
to th» President not later than Tuesday
of rir-xt wr<k.
General Mile« has already anticipated
an adverse verdict and has outlined a
plan of art ion to continue hie light for
vindication. Miles has been in consul
tation with friends on the subject for
pome time, and has derided to have re
course, if necessary, to an investigation
by Cnntxrr-sK, first, however, making a
demand for a prompt court-martial of
thf members of the court of inquiry.
Those with whom Mil<-s has nonsuited
are, as a rule, critics of the administra
tion, and it is understood that Senator
Foraker will lead the fight in Congress
in behalf of Miles, and that he will have
the support of Republicans who have
for some time talked of making Miles
a Presidential candidate.
It is a part of Miles' plan to file
charges with the President against the
members of the court of inquiry as sooh
as the report is made public, in which
it will be asserted there was not a full,
fair and impartial Investigation. He
will declare that one member of the
court was prejudiced, against him and
this member was largely Instrumental
in having him defeated for a lieutenant
generalcy by statements before the mil
itary committee that reported adversely
on the measure, and this same member
prepared the adverse report of the
committee.
It will be asserted generally that the
members of the court violated their
oaths to inquire well and truly into the
matter and to render a decision accord
ing to the evidence. On this point Miles
will insist that the evidence, according
to his understanding, does show that
refrigerated beef supplied the army
was chemically treated.
Should the President refuse to order
a court-martial for the members of the
court then Miles' friends in Congress,
assisted by the opponents of the ad
ministration, will demand a Congres
sional investigation, which Central
Miles believes will clearly establish his
charges against the members of the
court and render a court-martial n<<rs
sary.
HAVE THE INVESTIGATORS
OBEYED INSTRUCTIONS?
WASHINGTON. April 2L— Tha Wade
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
court of Inquiry devoted to-day'a Fos?inn
to reviewing testimony, and to-night
held another session for thf> purpose of
reading reports, letters, depositions and
othf-r papers hearing upon thp hoof in
vestigation. Thf most interesting matter
ped was President McKinley's in
structions to th« court of inquiry, which
wer« delivered to the members of tho
court on February 20 last. These in
structions were read by Colonel Mavis in
order to make them a part of the record
ami are ;is follows:
Continued on Second Page.
COURTHOUSE DESTROYED;
INSANE FIREBUG BURNED
THE SUTTER COUNTY COURTHOUSE AND HALL OF RECORDS.
YI'BA CITY. April 21.— Deputy
Sheriff Fields, who sleeps in the
Sheriff's office at the Courthouse,
was awakened at 2 o'clock this
morning by the smell of smoke,
and found Oames bursting from the in
sane ward in the main corridor. In the
ward was Richard Wills, who had been
examined by physicians yesterday and
was waiting to be sent to the asylum
at Stockton. He evidently had set fire
to his bedding. The flames spread to
the padding on the walls and set the
Courthouse on flre.
The door of his cell was broken open
and the man was found dead and so
AMERICANS
ARE CHARGED
WITH TREASON
Said to Have Incited Mutiny
Among the Volunteers
at Manila.
A GRAVE ACCUSATION
Chicago Newspaper Says the Presi
dent Is in Possession of Trea
sonable Telegrams.
Sppcial Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 21. A Washington
special to tho [nter Ocean says: The
Cabinei discussed to-day the latest and
most serious feature "!' the Philippine
question. I: was in relation i" traitors
in this country who arc attempting to
incite mutiny among our own troops
in the Islands.
The administration has evidence to
show that certain anti-expansionists,
who used great efforts to defeat the
plan to hold the Philippines, have gone
bo far as t" send messages to the vol
unteers with the purpose of causing
dissatisfaction, and even inciting mu
tiny. This in w development in the
anti expansion campaign came as a
complete surprise to the administra
tion, but it fitted in with other evidence
accumulated some weeks ago, showing
not only that Agoncillo, while in this
country, received moral and substantial
support from certain anti-expanslon
ists, but tint messages were sent to
Aguinaldo to encourage him in his re
sistanco to the authority of this Gov
ernment.
This evidence <-f treasonable conspir
acy was passed ov< r on th" ground
that it was more sentimental than In
tentionally criminal, but later develop
ment, showing thai some of these ]>••"
pie are willing t" go to the extreme of
inciting mutiny in th" army, will com
pel the Government to give it serious
attention. It is said the administration
has obtained possession of telegrams
f-."H t-> th-- Philippines by \« ople in this
country for the purpose of creating a
mutinous spirit among the volunteers
because they had not been sent home
Immediately after the conclusion of
■ between Spain and the I'nited
States.
It is also regarded a? strange that
certain American correspondents in
Manila. Including the represi ntative of
the Associated Press and of the New
York World, should discover conditions
which aio not discoverable to the cor
respondents <>f the Liendon papers, or
of the Paris and Berlin papers, which
havf every reason to publish the dark
Bide of the American campaign in the
Philippines.
The European and Hongkong: papers
have rot published so discouraging re
ports from Manila as has the Associated
Press, which has discovered that only
7 per cent of the volunteers in the
archipelago are willing to remain, and
that all the others are much dissatis
fied. The War Department has tried to
learn if there was any foundation for
these reports and I able to se
cure no evidence of ih^-ir truth.
The alleged interview with Lawton,
saying that not less than 100,000 men
could hold the Philippines, is also dis-
badly burned that it was impossible to
remove him during the fire. Every ef
fort was made to check the conflagra
tion, but, there being no fire engine,
the flames soon enveloped the entire
building. By the united efforts of those
pr<?ent the records and some furniture
in the various offices were saved. The
Hall of Records, a fire-proof building
near by, was not damaged; neither was
the jail, which adjoined the main build
ing. X" pri^mers were in the jail.
In the Courthouse were the offices of
the Assessor, Treasurer and Tax Col
lector, Superintendent of Schools, Sher
iff, District Attorney and Surveyor, be
sides the Superior Court room and the
RECEPTION TENDERED
THE VISITING KNIGHTS
JOHN F. MERRILL, Elected Right Eminent
Grand Commander of the Knights
Templar of California.
credited. But th^s^ press reports from
the Philippines are ignored on the the
ory that they come from correspondents
more desirous of sending sensational
dispatches than they are of sustaining
the army. They have, however, pre
pared the way and furnished the ex
ruse for treasonable work at home, and
certain anti-expansionists are known
to have .sent messages to the volun
teers in th<> Philippines, encouraging
them to ignore the duty before them as
soldiers and rebel against the author
ity they enlisted to fight for.
With such work going on on both
sides of the Pacific, a big press organi
zation sending maliciously discouraging
news from the Philippines regarding
the loyalty of the volunteers and promi
nent American citizens at home sending
mpssages to the volunteers encouraging
mutiny the administration is confronted
with a condition of treason which it is
frit cannot be ignored.
While practically nothing of what
the administration knows can be ob
tained for publication it is evident, to
say the least, that the seeds of suspi
cion have been sown in the minds of
those close to the President and sensa
tional developments are not improb
able."
Supervisors' room. The Assessor's vault
and safe were found to be all right
anfl the Treasurer's safe is in good con
dition. It was opened this afternoon.
It contained many valuable papers and
records, besides considerable money.
The Courthouse was built in 1872, at.
a cost of $30,000, and was insured for
$20,000. The building replaced an old
one burned in 1871.
As soon as the fire was extinguished
the Coroner secured the body of Wills.
Wills had a letter in his possession,
dated "East Red Ruth, Cornwall, Eng
land," and signed "Mrs. Emma Wills."
He said he recently left Camp Sipo,
Cal.
MERCHANTS'
VIGILANCE
COMMITTEE
One Section of Chicago at
the Mercy of Bands of
Desperadoes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, April 21.— Merchants do
ing business and citizens living in the
vicinity of West Madison street and
California avenue, and for a dozen
blocks in every direction from the In
tersection of the streets named, have
been thrown into a panic of fear by
numerous unprovoked murders, bold
daylight robberies and midnight burg
laries occurring there in the past few
weeks, and propose calling a meeting
for the purpose of forming a vigilance
committee..^,'
Hold-ups of saloons, grocery stores
and laundry offices by bands of armed
men have become so common that they
no longer excite comment. Cora Hen
derson, the housokofper in a fiat on
Madison street, near California avenue,
was murdered a few nights ago by
burglars. George G. Fern, a merchant,
was called from his house a few morn
ings since by a man who said he wanted
to buy underwear to replenish his ward
robe before taking an early train from
the city. Not returning to breakfast,
his son ran to the store to call him, and
found him dead and the money drawer
rifled.
Thursday five men backed a wagon
up to the door of a manufacturing
tailor's establishment, drove the clerks
into closets by making a show of re
volvers, loaded the wagon with goods
and drove away.
Not one of the men perpetrating these
murders, hold-ups or daylight whole
sale robberies has been apprehended.
The police seem powerless to prevent
crime or detect criminals, and now
merchants and others propose to take
the matter into their own hands. Citi
zens living in rented apartments are
moving away from the district, and as
a result property is depreciating in
value. This has caused real estate own
ers to join with the merchants in pro
posing the adoption of primitive forcible
methods for the suppression and pun
ishment of crime. Nearly every store
within the past week has placed a man
instead of a woman at the cashier's
desk and armed him with a short shot
gun in place of a revolver as a means
of defense.
CONNAUGHT PRESENTED
TO KAISER WILLIAM
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BERLIN. April 21.— This morning on the
historic Warthburg where Martin Luther
hurled his ink pot at the devil the Duke
of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha presented to
the Kaiser his brother, the Duke of ("on
naught, as the heir apparent to the Duchy
of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. thus giving
effect to the decision of the family council
presided over by Queen Victoria at Cimiez,
where at the same time the Duke of Con
naught had signed a declaration accept
ing the succession, which has been made
public.
Lord Declines the Mission.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— 1t is an
nounced to-day that ex-Governor Lord of
Oregon officially declined the position of
Minister to Persia.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SACRAMENTO, April 21.— To-night
the center of interest of the
Knights Templar Conclave was
transferred to the Crocker Art
Oallery, where the members of
the Sacramento eommanderies. their
wives and daughters, received the vis
iting Knights and ladles. To say that
the art grallery presented a beautiful
sight would be but mildly expressive
of the fart. Deft hands had been at
work all day arranging green plants
and delicate blossoms in tasteful dis
play, and the art gallery, the scene of
so many brilliant receptions, seldom if
ever appeared more captivating. There
are TOO works of art in the galleries,
and there was a rare pleasure in prom
enading through these apartments
while music floated up from the crowd
ed assembly room below. The women
looked their best in light garments,
and the Knights, attired in their dress
suits, enjoyed the opportunity to meet
the wives and daughters of the local
members of the order under conditions
calling for the most thorough socia
bility.
The reception had scarcely hegun
when the drill corps of California and
Golden Gate Commanderies of San
Francisco reached the city by special
train, which made exceedingly quick
time in order that the Knights and
their ladies might be present at the art
gallery reception. The drill corns was
escorted to the hotels and within an
hour the delegation was among the
most interested of the hundreds of the
guests who thronged the city's shrine
of art and sculpture, which was to
night a shrine of feminine and floral
loveliness as well.
The committee having charge of the
reception at the art gallery to-night
was composed of Mrs. E. W. Hale,
chairman, and the following:: Mrs.
Thomas Scott, .Mrs. E. C. Atkinson.
Mr?. Robert Alexander, Mrs. L. F.
Breuner. Mrs. David Farr. Mrs. \V. A.
Gett. Mrs. J. W. Guthrie, Mrs. George
H. Clark, Mrs. Clarence Nelson. Mrs.
T. B. Hall, Mrs. H. A. Heilbron. Mrs.
R. C. Irvine. Mrs. W. F. Jackson. Mrs.
A. J. Johnston, Mrs. H. E. Kleinsorg.
Mr?. C. A. Luhrs, Mrs. J. E. T. Pike.
Mrs. T. B. Reid, Mrs. John Breuner.
Mrs. A. A. Redington. Mrs. E. B. Willis
and Mrs. H. E. Yardley.
An elaborate Instrumental and vocal
programme was presented, and there
were countless small tables distributed
about the halls where the guests might
sit and converse, or play cards, or sip
dainty refreshment, as the inclination
went.
At the meeting of the Grand En
campment this afternoon the follow
ing officers were elected:
Right eminent grand commander-John
F. Merrill of San FranciFi-o.
Deputy grand commander— Frederick
Miller of Fresno.
Grand generalissimo— George B. McKee
of San Jose.
Grand captain general— William Frank
Pierce of Oakland.
Grand senior warden — William D.
Knights of Sacramento.
Grand junior warden— George Sinsa
baugh of Los Angeles.
Grand prelate— J. P. March of Chico.
Grand treasurer — Edward Coleman of
San Francisco.
Grand recorder— William A. Davies of
San Francisco.
The Grand Commandery refused to
adopt the resolution calling for a re
duction in the admission fee to the
Knights Templar. The installation of
the officers elect was made the special
order for to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock.
A resolution offered by Deputy Grand
Commander John F. Merrill, extend
ing a vote of thanks to the people of
Sacramento for their hospitality in en
tertaining the visiting Sir Knights was
unanimously adopted. The chairman
of the committee on jurisprudence sub
mitted a report approving the rulings
of the grand commander.
Los Angeles was chosen as the next
meeting place of the Grand Encamp
ment, and Tuesday, April 24, as the
date.
Grand Commander-elect John F.
Merrill informed The Call correspond-
eht to-night that he would submit the
list of appointive officers at the meet
ing of the Grand Commandery to-mor
row^
The next event of importance will be
the exhibition drill, which will take
place at the Pavilion to-morrow night,
and will mark the close of the con
clave.
SOUTH DAKOTANS ROUT
A FORCE OF REBELS
MANILA, April 21.— The heat is in
tense. At noon the thermometer regis
tered 95 degrees and the mercury was
still rising. There were several pros
trations from the heat among the
troops.
The army tugs opened fire on the
enemy along the river banks. The
rebels are unusually active west of
Malolos as far as Calumpit. They have
been busily at work on their trenches
and several new (.-nes have been dis
covered within two miles of the rail
road. Fires are burning east of the
railroad, and it would appear that the
rebels are evacuating the foothill towns,
in anticipation of an attack upon the
part of the American troops.
At 6 o'clock this morning three com
panies of the South Dakota Regiment
marched from Bocave and in conjunc
tion with three companies of the Min
nesota Regiment from Guiguinto, north
of Bovace, encountered a rebel force
numbering fully 500 men when two
miles out. The enemy retired three
miles in fairly good order, in spite of
the fact that the rebels suffered heavy
losses The Americans, having ex
hausted their ammunition, were com
pelled to return to the camps.
OTIS' LATEST REPORT OF
ADDITIONAL CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON, April 21.— General
Otis forwards the following additional
casualties:
Wounded — Second Oregon, April 17:
Company A— Private W. O. Walker,
foot, moderate. Thirteenth Minnesota,
April 20: Private Nicholas Hansen,
thigh, severe; William N. Wynders,
chest, severe; Company H, Corporal 8.
H. Burlingham, side, slight2
PANAMA CANAL
EXTENSION PLAN
Colombia Calls Congress to Con
sider thje Company's Plea
por Further Time.
© NEW YORK, April 21.— Eduardo Esplnosa, Consul General of Co
*£ lombia, who Is in Now York, received a cablegram to-day from his Gov
i eminent that President San Clemente has convoked Congress to decide
O whether the new Panama Canal Company's concession shall be extended
♦ Biz years. It will be a special session of Congress, called mainly to set
-5 tie this question.
O President San Clemente gave a hearing several months ago to the
j£ Panama Canal Company's representatives and promised to submit a
+ contract for an extension of time to Congress, which must pass upon the
q matter. It is believed the object of the canal company is to obtain an
-4- extension with the hope that it will be able to dispose of the property
O to the United Skates. If the Colombian Congress should decide not to ex
j£ tend the concession the canal company's property will pass into the
X Government's hands.
© Senor Espinosa said to-day that he thought the question of exten
q sion will depend largely on the report which Senor Esquerra, as special
>• commissioner of Colombia, would make to his Government. Senor Es
© querra has been examining work on the canal for a long period, and
q is now on his way to this "city to confer with officials of the canal com
rt pany. He will sail later for Paris, where he will confer with other offi
+ ci.ils.
&
#+OK»o+©+o -f O f O-K>-K>-fO-KHO-fO-K>fO-K>-f O +O +CHO+O+O-KH©
NEVER YET HAS
MADE AN ERROR
Expert Arnss Claims He
Is Infallible.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, April 21.— Grove L. John
son"< Kamination of Expert
- supplied the interesting feature
of the iay. Ames
testified that he first mad, a report as
to the qu< signature to F. C.
Lusk. He had that the signa
ture to the note was written subsequent
to th< .. and that it 100 men t< S
tified that they saw the note written
prior to that date lie would believe they
mistaken or that they were pre
varicating. H- had given testimony in
- which did i ii agree with that of
other experts, if.' had testified to mat
ters in the I>avis wl San Fran
cisco and his testimony at that time
did not agree with that of Mr. Eisen
schimel, an expert in attendance at the
nt trial. The witness said he was
satisfied that his <■ - in all of
the l: in which he had been a
witn< rect. Amea said he
would render a bill for services ;;i the
present case at the rate of ?.".) a day
for part of the time and $100 per
for the remaind. r.
time] was called. \\- I
tifled that he lived in San i
for about twenty years had been
making a study of handwriting. Hi
mentioned many important cases in
which he had given testimony as an
expert. He first Baw the $100,000 note,
the subject of the present case, In Jan
uary, 1898, at the offici ol Cannon i*
Freeman at Ban Francisco. He looked
at the note a moment there. He had
examined photographic copies of the
: tnent of a
deed made in 1872 and a letter written
by William Murdock to Mary Helen
Murd . namined I
at the request of
on & Freeman, and he told At
tornt that he believed th ■
nature to the note was a forgery, pro
duced by tracing, draw:.' itch
ing. He had examined ov< r 700 ad
mitted signatures of William Mur
coming to Willows and had
natures with thai of the
note. Th>:' note signature incorporated
no characterictics of the regular hand
writing of William Murdock. The wit
ness said Murdock was a man of habit
in his writing, and the Bpacing in his
admitted signatures sh< ■.■ 1 this. At; r
Eisenschimel had said that Murd
•wed a flowing hand and
that the note signature uas halting,
led and retraced, a piece of
tine on which the witness hud ti
the signature on the deed of March,
the purpose of showing that
the "Wm." in th>- note signature was
with that of the deed was
produced. The court would not admit
the gelatine tracing and General
Barn< d. The witness then
"ii to Bhow the similarities in the
two "\Vn,.v by means of Kytka's en
larged photos. He explained to the
jury how he arrived at the "accident"
in the forming of the capital "W" in
th.> j • a nd pointed out how the
dent" v. a • <i in the note
ture. Th ivas asked to
out to the jurors how the "patch
work" waa d Kisensrhimel held
a "patching bee," jointing out the al-
I pen patches, which the wil
I meant a halting with the pen at
each point. The Jury was then told
ainuii "compound Btrokes," etc., show
ing how tiie admitted signatures dif
fered from that on the note.
The quotation marks whi^h form a
part of the "Wm." in Murdock's sig
nature, came in for a deal of attention
from this expei t.
After the afternoon recess Eisen
echiniei demonstrated t<> the jury cer
tain conclusions which he had arrived
at aft'-r examining the signatures, as
t>> the slant i r letters', a span, ring of
ink claimed to i><- on the note signa
ture, the furrows ma<i>' by the pen
nibs and the marks which ]">iiit to a
drawing Instead "f a fluent writing of
the ri<u» signature.
Admitted signatures innumerable
were poii •■ ■
show the •furrowing" and strokes of
the pen nibs.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
BUYS A TEXAS ROAD
AUSTIN, Texas, April 21.— The Southern
Pacific Company has purchased the TV x
aa-Mexican Raidroad, a narrow-gauge
line running from Corpus Chri.sti to I
do, Texas, a distance of 160 miles. This
road was ad operated by the
Mexican National Railway Company.
The line will be converted into a standard
gauge and extended from Laredo to Ea
gle Pa:-p. Texan. It -will give the South
ern Parific Company a parallel line
between Eagle Pass and Houston, which
will lie used for the most part to ha
the big traffic to and from Mexico. The
groposed extension wiii connect with the
out hern Pacific and the Mexican Inter
national roads at Eagle Pass. The latter
line, is owned by C. P. Huntington and as-
Bociates.
This Is one of the most important rail
that has been consummated in
Texas for some time and it is a hi« busi
ness stroke for the Southern Pacific
MALPRACTICE ALLEGED.
AUBURN, April SL— Deputy Sheriff F.
R. Cannon yesterday arrested Dr. R
drick at his home in Dutch Flit. He Is
charged ivith malpractice upon Sirs. KUi
■ lowa }!iii. who dii
April 12. Dr. Heidrick is one of the most
r-^minent uhyslcians in this County.
STEADY RISE OF
MISSOURI RIVER
Danger Line Will Soon
Be Passed.
Special Pispatrh to The Call.
OMAHA, April 21.— The Missouri
River is now within less than a foot
of the danger point here and Is steadily
rising at the rate of about eight inches
in twenty-four hours. Weather bureau
reports hold out no encouragement for
an immediate improvement, and the
rise will probably continue until Sun
day, if not longer. This will take the
water above the danger line and will
cause some loss of property on the
bottoms.
A dozen families residing In East
Omaha were driven out to-day, and to
night the water stands eighteen inches
on the floors of their houses. The
stream that bruke through from Flor-
Lake to Cut off Lake last night
et wide, several feet deep
and i:-- tearing away great banks of
earth. It follows the old course of the
river near the Nebraska shore and a
rise of another foot would make it a
raging torrent.
<ni the other side to-day several feet
"f th- Illinois Central grading was
washed out and a large amount of
nment rip-rapping destroyed.
Railroad men are anxiously watching
tin- situation and have squads of men
stationed at each bridge. A forc< "t
nundred men has been at work all
day strengthening the embankments at
th( south end of Florence Lake, but the
water carries matter away as fast as
it is thrown in. The tracks of the
Omaha Terminal Company at this point
are submerged for several hundred feet.
and boys stand on the rails and spear
fish as they are brought down by the
current.
SIOUX CITY, April 21.— The Missouri
River continues to rise and trr-night la
nearly nineteen feet above low water
mark. At Walkers Island, just above
Sioux City, all farms and truck gardens
are completely flooded and people have
barely escaped with their lives. Sev
eral persons <>n the Nebraska side took
refuge in trees and were taken off in
VKi I MILLION. S. D., April 21.— The
Hood situation is far worse to-night
than at any time this week and the
Missouri River has risen two inches in
five hours. Stock left on farms be
tween the Missouri and Vermillion
rivers cannot now be taken off. At
Bu-bank cattle are reported to. be
drowned. From VcrmiHirm for fifteen
miles west toward Yankton and eight
miles south of Nebraska: Bluffs the
country is almost a solid body of
water from two to four feet deep. The
land • rd Sioux City is fast be
ing submerged.
PRICE HEIRS MUST PAY
THE DE FOREST CLAIM
HACKENSACK, N. J.. April 21.— State
Senator Winton received advices 'from
"Washington to-day to the effect that the
Supreme Court in the case
of Cornier Governor Hodman M. Price's
■ would be against the heirs and that
: mure than forty years of litigation
the case was finally settled, except the en
tering of the decree.
Rodman M. 'rice was Governor of New
Jersey early in the fifties. He had been a
resident of California in the days preced
ing the discovery of gold. He was inter
ested in California property and was in
the service of the navy. He took an ac
tive part in the incidents attending the
transfer of the Pacific Coast to the United
States— active, it seems, for he left
the management of his duties as paymas
ter to subordinates, and one day he was
stunned to find a clerk missing: and the
Government funds $75,000 short. Mr. Price
paid this amount to the Government to
settle his accounts.
While in California Mr. Price became
interested with Samuel do Forest In real
estate. De Forest came East and lift
his interests in charge of Price. The
Navy Department ordered Price to come
East and ho left the management of his
own and De Forest's property in care of
a man named Keyes. This man sold the.
properties and always said he paid to Dp
Forest his share of the money, but De
Forest showed he did not. De Forest then
sued Price for the account of Keyes and
obtained judgmerft in this State. Mean
while Price had got out of the navy, was
elected Governor and was a prominent
man for years.
In 1892 Congress passed a billl. which
was approved by the President reimburs
ing Price for the defalcation of the clerk
De Forest had kept his judgment alive
and when the bill was a law he tried to
enforce the payment of the money to
him- But Prfce fought the ease. Mean
while $.0,000 remained undrawn and does
to this day. ' • /
When Mr. Price died his heirs refused
to pay the judgment or part of it with
the 170,000, contending it came under the
same head as pension money, which is
free from the attacks of creditors. Now
comes word that the court of final resort
has decided the money does not come un
dr t lie head of pensions and is not un
attachable.
Woodland's Guest Departs.
WOODLAND, April 21.-Mother General
Annunciata of tha Sisters of the Holy
Cross left for the Mother House Notre
Dame, Indiana, this morning. On the way
she will visit branch houses in Oeden
Salt Lake, Idaho and Montana.
Fifteen-Barreled Rifle.
VIENNA. April 21.-The military pn
pers announce the invention of a IV.-bar
reled quick-firing rifle, carrying •■•
cartridges at a time and drink flvty-flve a
minim. The weapon haa been success
fully tested at thf? imperial arsenal
To Cure a Cold in Cne Day
Take. Laxative Bramo Quinine Tablets.' All
druggists r.'fu.u] the money if It falls to cure.
250. The genuine nan I* B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
BONEY BOY BEATS
A HANDICAP FIELD
An Outsider Wins at
Aqueduct.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 21.— The feature of
the day's racing at Aqueduct was the
fourth race, a handicap at five and a half
furlongs. Floronzo was a hot favorite,
with Larva a strong second choice.
Boney Boy, in spite of his good race on
Wednesday, had but few friends. It was
a pretty drive through the stretch, Boney
Boy drawing clear under punishment and
winning a good race by a length. Weather
fine; track good. Results:
Selling, about seven furlongs— Sweet
Caporel won, I.,ady Sneerwell second,
Diva third. Time, 1:27.
Four and a half furlongs— Big Gun won,
Ciales second, Molt Eagle third. Time,
:st> 2-5.
Six furlongs— Gaze won, Kirkwood sec
ond, Oxnard third. Time, 1:14 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Boney Boy
won, Vertigo Becond, Tyrian third. Time,
Four ami a half furlongs, selling—Sad
duce won, Frelinghuysen second, Alex
third. Time. :56 3-5.
Selling, about seven furlongs Concord
won, Ella Daly Becond, Queen of li<
third. Time, 1:281-6.
CINCINNATI. April 21.— The track at
Newport vms lightning- fast and the ra
very exciting. Results:
Seven furlongs- Kensington won. Land
Ho second, Stenel third, lime. 1:38^.
Four and a half furlongs— Satira won,
Bandinage second. Fairy Dell third. Time,
:55 12.l 2 .
One mile-Guess Me won, Indra second,
Gid Law third. Time I:4oft.
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Seattle
won, Zolo second, Domestic third. Time
1:46%.
Four and a half furlongs— Maple won,
Terapa second, I'm Next third. Time.
:56V*.
S.lling, mile and fifty yards— Ollle Dixon
won, Julia Hazel second, Official third.
Time, 1:44.
MEMPHIS. April 21.— Results at Mont
gomery Park;
Half mile— Elbe won, Muey Chica sec
ond, The Laura third. Time, :f<"> •.
Six furlongs— Borden won, Treopia sec
ond, Brightie S third. Time, 1:17.
Half mile— Prince of Melbourne won, !
Little Boy Blue second. Flaunt third. !
Time, :
Seven furlongs, Memphis Gun Club I
handicap— Time-maker won, Alleviate- sec
ond, Cherryleaf third. Time, I:3iji4.
One and an eighth miles— Miss Patton i
won, Kitty Regent second, Francis
Booker third. Time. l:59«
Six furlongs, selling— High Jinks won, i
Simon D second. Sorrow third. Time
1:16%.
BASEBALL GAMES
ON LEAGUE GROUNDS
Chicago Defeats Cincinnati and
Brooklyn Wins From Phila
delphia.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— w L Pet
St. Louis i o 1000 Brooklyn .... 3 3 .500
I'hirago 6 1 .857 New York... 2
ftilladelphla. 5 2 .7)4 Cincinnati ..2 4
Baltimore ... 4 2 .668 PltUburg ... 1 8 .2!
Boston 4 2 .666 Washington.. 1 6 "in
Louisville ... 3 2 .600 Heveland ... 0 ■;
LOUISVILLE, April 21. -Macron's wildnoss
responsible for the Cleveland! 1 tour
rune, ai supplanted i:i the box in the
fourth innlni.' by Philippi, who did good work.
Attendance, U I, .-
Clubs— n. H. E.
Louisville ii is 2
Cleveland 4 g 3
Batteries— Magep, Philippl and Kittredge;
Maupln and Sugden. Umpires— Burna and
Smith.
CINCINNATI, April Griffith was in
vincible to-day and the .runs Beared by (the
locals were the result of poor support. Taylor
all* ■■; hits to be bunched. Attendance, isOO.
Score:
bs— R. H. E.
:iatl 8 6]
Chicago >; v 5
Batteries— Taylor and J'eitz; <;rlfith and
Donohue. Umpires— Swartw 1 and Warner.
rHTI.ADEI.PTUA. April 21.— Brooklyn de
; Philadelphia in a game uninteresting
• for the batting. Philadelphia had a
chance to tie the score in the fourth innintr. hut
did not prove equal to the occasion. At:, nd
ance, 4"L»2. Score:
Club.*— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 11 1
Philadelphia 4 12 2
ItaUerics— Dunn and Smith: Orth and Doug
lass. Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
NEW YORK, April 21.— The New Torks
could not bat to-day and wire easily beaten by
the Baltimores. The visitors hit Carrick freely
and when hits were needed. Attendance, 500.
Score :
Club?- R. 11. c.
New York 16 2
Bnltlmore 5 ][ 5
Batteries— Carrick and Qrady; Nops and Rob
inson. Umpires — Gaffney and Andrews.
ST. I.OUIS, April 21.— Pittsmirg lost th« fee-
Ond game of the present series in a closely con-
I game tr>-day in which the home team
made the winning run In the last inning.
Fthineß, In the bex for the visitors, was re
tired from play in the sixth inning with a badly
Fprained flnper. Hnd he will be "'it ..! the game
for at least a week. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 13 2
Pittsburß 5 9 1
Batteries — Powell and Criper; Rhlnes, Sparks
and Bowerman. Umpires— O'Day and Brennan.
WASHINGTON. April 21. -The Fonators
w<"-nt against sc^it. a pitcher new t>> tin? bij?
league, to-day, and nK.iin were beaten easily.
They t"t four nits In the first Inning, but only
four more In the nexi eight Innings. Dineen
pitched well, but waa poorly supported. At
tendance, 6000. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
\V:i-hlriKton 3 S 2
Boston 7 12 n
Batteries- Dlneen nnd FRrrell; Rtrelt and
Bergen. Umpires— Kmslie and Betts.
BABY KIDNAPED BY
AN INTOXICATED MAN
LOS ANGKLES, April 21.— The freak of
a drunken man caused consternation in
the h>>me of Abel Le Brun on Boyle
Heights. Le Brun was forced to do some
rapid detective work in order to find his
baby, which the Intoxicated man kid
naped.
The Le Bruns live at the corner of St.
T.'iuis street and Brooklyn avenue. Until
rday Mrs. Le Brun hns been at the
detention hospital. During her absence
her nine-year-old-daughter has been car
ing fur the babe. <m Tuesday th<' little
pirl was carrying the baby near the Le
Brun home. A drunken man reeling along
saw the baby and was seized with a d( -
Sire to carry it away.
"Give me the baby," he demanded,
thickly.
Thr- ohild was so frightened that she
complied with the demand, and Hi.
drunken man went down the street with
the baby in his arms. As soon as the jjirl
recovered from her fright she told her
father what had happened. He was soon
on the trail of the kidnaper. When hi
overtook the drunken man the baby was
turned over with a maudlin apology. Le
Brun forgave the drunkard in his joy at
recovering the baby, and hereafter a close
watch will be kept on the infant.
Improved Business Conditions.
BRIDGEPORT. Conn.. April 21.— The
announcement has just heen made, that
the Warner Bros. Company of this city,
employing 1400 bands, has ordered a gen
eral advance In wages. President Warner
stated to-day thai owing to the general
improvement in bustn< as conditions an
advance of from 10 to 20 nor cent would
be made i» nearly every department.
— •- —
Schley Wants Investigation.
■ NEW. YORK, April 21.— A Sun Wash
ington ' special says: It is reported in
circles friendly to Rear Admiral W. S.
Schley that he intends to apply to Con
gress, either directly or through some of
his supporters In the Senate or House, for
an investigation by '• tigress of the
charges made against his conduct at the
operations of the flying squadron between
Cienfuegos and Santiago in May, 1898.
BURNS WILL SELL
C ANDELARIA MINE
It Is Reported That Warner Miller
Has ObtaiQed ao Optioo on
the Property.
DURANGO, Mexico, April 21.— Ex-Senator Warner Mil?
ler of New York has obtained a ninety days' option on
the famous Candelaria mine at San Dimas, this State,
which is owned by Colonel D. M. Burns of San Francisco. He
agrees to pay $1,000,000 for the property. Mr. Miller is now in
Mexico.
MILES ILL
FIGHT FOR A
VINDICATION
Continued from First Page.
The character and quality of the meat, re
frigerated and canned, furnished to the army;
how purchased; how shipped to the soldiers; If
good when shipped; what the cause of its de
terioration. If any. If the meat was doctored,
did the Commissary General or any of his
officers have any knowledge of it, or means of
knowing? "Was it the meat of commerce? was
it inspected by the Government inspectors as
provided by law? Was It an authorized ration
in the army? If good when purchased, what
made it bad? Was it anybody's neglect or
fault, and If so. whose? When unfit for use. if
you should so find, was the fact made known
to the War Department; when and by whom?
If after leaving the depot commissary it was
not cared for and properly preserved, whose
fault? Was it a suitable ration for the cam
paigns In Cuba and Porto Rico? Was there
anything better that was practicable? Would
it have been prudent for our troops to have
made the expedition to Santiago and Porto
Rico without the preserved meats, either re
frigerated or canned, with which they were
supplied? Could the army with any certainty
rely upon the cattle on the hoof :on those
Islands? Did the commanding officers in San
tlapo or Porto Rico or the major general com
manding report during the war that either the
refrigerated or canned beef was an unfit ra
tion? When v^e these reports first made, and
by whom? If the allegations of the major gen
eral commanding are established, I want the
court to find the cause and fix the responsi
bility for the fact, that the guilty may be
properly punished. Did the cattle in Porto
Rico make a wholesome ration? If the packers
of the country are guilty It must be known. If
the officers of the Commissary Department are
guilty It must be known. If any officer of the
army is guilty it must be known.
Both Major Lee and Colonel Davis sub
mitted a number of reports and a mass
of correspondence. Among the docu
ments read by Colonel Davis was a let
ter from the Washington attorneys
of Armour & Co.. dated June 15, 1888, after
the contract for beef had been let, asking
for a reconsideration of the subject in
the interest of their clients and an in- 1
dorsement by General Egan as commis
sary general opposing the request. In
their letter the attorneys represented that
the Armours controlled the Powell pro
cess for the treatment of meat, and that
this fact gave them such an advantage in
the preservation of fresh beef as to jus
tify the War Department in disregarding
the difference in price and awarding them
the contract. In his indorsement General
Eagan referred to the letter of the ! at
torneys as a "special pleading," and said
there was "no reason in this plea why the
subject should be reopened. The tests
made by Armour & Co. are not the only
tests that have been made." he said, "and
there Is no doubt whatever in my .mind
but that, the; beef , can be furnished as re
quired. ■ ■ I ;ij ■■ }'■ t
This document was introduced by
Colonel Davis to show that General
Eagan- had not been Influenced by the
representations concerning the Powell
process.
Major Lee submitted a deposition by J.
HOW DICK CROKER
HELD UP ONE NEW
YORK GAS COMPANY
NEW YORK, April 21.— Two exciting
ons of the Mazet Investigating com
mittee were held to-day. A feature was
the refusal of the witnesses to give tes
timony. 'Another feature was the defiant
attitude of Andrew Freedman on the
stand, and still another feature the ejec
tion from the committee room of Abra
ham Himmet "Wright of the Roebling
Company when he insisted upon making
a statement after he had refused to. an
s\\ir a great majority of the questions
put to him by Mr. Moss, counsel for the
committee.
The chief interest centered in Andrew
Freedman, who within recent years baa
been known ;is a warm personal friend
of Mr. Croker and associated with him
in a busin< bs way. Mr. Freedman was
more than ordinarily forcible in his an
swers to some of the questions, md
many of the questions he refused to an
awer at all. At other times he was re
buked by both Mr. Moss and Chairman
Mazet for what they termed "imperti
nence."
After Mr. Frcedman's examination had
progressed to a certain point and the
witness had refused several times to an
swer a question which he deemed a "per
sonal matter," Mr. Moss excused him for
the day. Mr. Freedman then got down
from the stand, and, turning to the news
paper reporters, he handed them a pa
per, saying, "Gentlemen of the press,
here is a statement of the entire busi
ness of the Platt Company and Allen
Companies for publication."
Ilrnrv M. McDonald, the nominee of the
Chicago platform Democracy for Governor at
the last State election, was the first wit-
"Have you any knowledge connected with
the nffaira of the Flushing Gas Company?"
McDonald stated that he had. He stated
that William X Burnett, a director of that
u'n-> company, was an associate of hi?, and
from him he' learned various facts. McDonald
■aid that the gas company was reorganized In
',!,.. beginning of isss, and that Henry J.
a member of the Democratic Club, and
the present owner of the Democratic Club
building and another man purchased the first
mortgage bonds of the company and were
made director*. Soon after this, McDonald
said, the Flushing Company endeavored to ob
tain » contract from New York City, under
ftdmlnlstrati I or Van JVyek, but wa«
unsuccessful, ( vintlnuing, McDonald said:
"Finally It wa? arranged by Mr. Brawer with
Mr. <'roker that the stockholders of the com
pany stfould turn ovpr to Andrew Freedman
S3 per cent n f the stock of the company, to
be Held for the benefit of Mr. Croker and. Mr.
"This itbcK was contributed hy the different
stocknolders pro rata, and was Issued to Mr.
■ran. Thereupon Mr. Freedman was
i a member of tli» board of directors.
The agreement <>n the part of Mr. Crokfr
> , i--;. edmah was that as so in a p *sible
the company would receive a contract for at
least i'X> additional lights, possibly 1(X)O addi
tional lirhts. Now i- to whether Mr. Croker
had carried out his contract or not, I don"t
know."
Andrew Freedroan was cnllfl. He held
f.U.'-k in the Flushing O«S Company, but re
fused to StaJ int, ■■!» tli" ground that
it was a personal matter. He denied that
after he wni Into the company it was allowed
to supply gas to light more lamps in Flush-
Ing. "We an," Paid the witness, "supplying
less now than previous t'i my going Into the
company." Mr. ("roker, he said, knew noth
ing whatsoever about his holding stock in the
company. Mr. Freedman said he was con
nected with the United States Fidelity Guar
anty- Company. He snid he had nothing to
do with politics. Mr. Croker had ne\.
listed him in getting stock in any corporation
unless Me himself bad paid for it. He had
paid for every <!n]|nr's worth of stork he
owned. Mr. Croker had paid ror tne stock he
owned in the Fidelity and Guarantee Cona
S. Armstrong, president of the Arm
strong Parking Company of Pallas. Tex.,
which, among other things, set forth the
substance of a conversation with General
Eagan. Mr. Armstrong was one of the
bidders for beef on block and said that
while he was here in Washington hr» dis
cussed with General Eagan the question
of beef being k<pt for Beventy-tWO hours
after being taken from tho refrigerator.
Mr. Armstrong said he expressed the
opinion that it was impossible, to which
General Eagan replied that Swift <fc Co.
and Armour both had knowledge of a pro
cess by which beef could be kept for that
length of time.
MRS. LOUISE J. LIBBY
DIES AT PASADENA
LOR ANGELES, April 21.— Mrs. Louise
J. Libby. 61 years of age, wife of the
Chicago beef packer, Arthur A. Libby,
died this morning at 3 o'clock at the fam
ily home, 25 Orange avenue, Pasadena.
Mrs. Libby, who had been an invalid for
over a year, was confined to her home for
several months. She was seized by an un
controllable attack of coughing at an
early hour this morning, which resulted
in a hemorrhage, causing sudden death.
The, remains have been embalmed, and
after brief ceremonies to-morrow morn
ing at the home will be sent to Chicago,
where interment will take pla.ee. The
family will accompany the body.
Mrs. Libby, who moved to Pasadena
eight years ago with her son and five
daughters, has been prominent in the
social and literary life of the Crown City.
ATTACHMENT ON THE
MONTEREY AND FRESNO
NEW YORK, April 21.— The Sheriff re
ceived an attachment to-day against the
Monterey and Fresno Railroad Company
of California and All rod Walker Junes .if
Pacific Grove. Cal., for $7'»o,000 in favor of
George Eckhard, which was obtained by
Philip Carpenter on the ground of non
residence.
It is an assigned claim from Henry If.
Finley and Fred E. Petingell for services
In procuring an underwriter for the issue
of bonds to the amount of $7,0 0,000 of the
railroad company. It was stated they
obtained Edwin A. Weed of Greenwich,
Conn., as Buch underwriter, who was ac
cepted by the railroad company, find were
to get 10" per cent commission on the. total
amount of the bond issue. The attach
ment was served on the Knickerbocker
Trust Company.
Yellow Fever at Havana.
HAVANA, April 21. — Two new cases of
yellow fever developed In Havana to-day,
making five officially reported. There are
no Americans among them, and as far as
is known at the office of the chief surgeon
there is only one American In Cuba with
the fever— a discharged private named
omb, who had been working- on a
plantation near Pamillas, Matanzas
province.
Government Buys Seeds.
SAX JOStO. April 21.— Charles Parker of
Santa Clara was notified to-day that he
had received the annual Government con
tract for seeds, his bid being $64,900. The
seeds to be forwarded will amount to
twenty-two carloads and will include sev
eral carionds of sweet peas and other
flower seeds.
i pnny. Mr. Freedman refused to answer wheth
j er this was a rate war between his company
and the other company, on the ground that
the question was not pertinent to the investi
gation.
Chairman Mazet Instructed him to answer,
but Mr. Freedman refused. Mr. Freedman
testified that his bond company had paid no
dividend. Mr. Moss drew Mr. Freedman's at
tention to the testimony of Mr. Croker, who
stated before the committee that he got divi
dends regularly from the United States Fidel
ity and Guarantee Company. Mr. Freedman
said be could explain that very easily. As
, manager of the company he had a salary and
j commission, besides owning stock. He divided
his salary and commission with Mr. Croker,
according to previous agreement. There was
no contract- for such an arrangement. "Mr.
Croker relies upon my word," said Mr. Freed
man. The witness refused to tell the exact
1 nature of the agreement he had made with Mr.
Croker. Witness was very anxious to have Mr.
Croker's friendship and association in this
company, "on account of the legion of friends
that ho has all over this country."
Moss wormed out of Mr. Freedman that the
profits he divided with Mr. Croker were "most
ly from bonding."
Chairman Mazet said: "There is a discrepancy
between your testimony and Mr. Croker's. If
you care to have the record stand as it is the
commission Is satisfied."
Freedman averred that It had been "ex
plained sufficiently."
Frank A. Bell, who is employed In the de
partment of taxes and assessments, and who
has brought with him the tax book of the city
of New York, at the request of the committee,
was called to testify to the value of Richard
Croker's house on Seventy-fourth street. Ex
amination brought out the fact that the valua
tion of Mr. Croker's house had been decreased
by the Assessors $1000 since ISOB.
Moss called Abraham Himmel Wright of the
Roebling Construction Company. Mr. Moss
asked if the treasurer of the Roebling Com
pany attended the office of the company regu
larly every day. Mr. Himmel Wright said he
thought that a matter of private business, and
Mr. Mos3 retorted: "I am sorry to Bee a man
like you, a man In ordinary and respectable
business, adopting that line of answer. I am
afraid that expression will be used by th" peo
ple for a term of twenty years to indicate cer
tain kinds of transactions, which I do not be
lleve you are mixed up In."
Wright haggled over every question and wns
frequently directed to answer and Just as fre
quently refused on the ground that matters
connected with his business were his own per
sonal affair. Finally Moss aiked if members
of the city government had not directed
Wright to refuse to answer. Wright said they
had not. Moss endeavored to bring out that
Briggs, the treasurer of the Roebling Company,
had kept away from the company's office be
cause he was afraid Of being served with a
subpoena to appear before the Mazet commit
tee and other questions relating to the
which, according to the testimony of Frank
Croker, was paid to Brlggs f« ir his stock
Wright said that Briggs' movements were pri
vate matters. Moss at length got Wright to
admit that John A. Doenor of the building
department had suggested that he (the witness)
should go to see Con Daly. Daly Is a saloon
keeper who, according to the testimony of Mr
Ti Btevln of the fire proofing firm of Tostevln
& Hays, offered to get the Tostevin-Haj
tern of construction approved by the build
ing department for a pecuniary consideration
"You decline to give us any assistance iri
ferreting out the truth as to whether or not
an attorney was endeavoring to extort money
from your concern by reason of his connection
with the building department, do you or will
you give us that assistance?" demanded Mr
"By answering that question," said the wit
ness, "I would I"' compelled to Infer that I
knew all the methods and conditions and
everything under which th<-> company employs
an attorney. I do not know these things and
consequently I cannot answer thut question."
Wright persisted In his refusal to make defi
nite answers. When Moss said he woul
peml his examination for the time boing
Wright endeavored to make a statement which
was abruptly and sternly nipped In the bud by
Chairman Maxet, who said, angrily, that wlt
- could not come there and refuse to an
swer nil questions and then make statements
to suit themselves. The sergeant-at-arms waa
called to take Wright off the witness stand.
FIRST AMERICAN
CENSUS OF HAWAII
Preliminary Work Has
Commenced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, "Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 21.
The first American census of Hawaii
will be one of the features of the pres
ent administration of the Census Bu
reau. Preliminary work has already
begun. Government officials in the Ha
waiian Islands have been communi
cated with in reference to the appoint
ment of a supervisor. This official will
be an American resident of the islands,
and it is understood the enumerators,
over whom he will have supervision,
will be natives.
It is the understanding of the offi
cers of the census that the population
of the islands is approximately 110.000.
divided among the different races as
follows:  , onnnn.
Hawaiian* and mixed blood, 3^000;
Japanese, 25,000;' Chinese. 21.o00; Portu
guese, 15,000; Americans, 4000; British,
2250; Germans and other Europeans,
2000; Polynesians and miscellaneous,
12 These people are distributed among
the islands as follows: Hawaii, 33,250.
Maui, 17,726; Oahu, 40,205; Kauai, 15.2-8.
Molokai. 2307; Lanai, 105; Niihau, 164.
One of the interesting features of the
Hawaiian census will be the enumera
tion of lepers. It is presumed that not
all the lepers have been isolated and
the census will seek.to develop accurate
and reliable information concerning the
status of the disease. ,„,«.„«,
One of the aims of the insular census
will be to gather statistics as to il
literacy in the islands. The census will
show. a great deal of valuable matter
concerning trade and commerce of the
islands. At present the islands grow
export and sell more than $10,000,000
worth of produce annually.
It is the belief among those who pre
side over the census that the commerce
of these islands will eventually assume
vast proportions. The exports of sugar
from Hawaii in 1896 amounted in value
to $14,932,172, while all other exports to
gether, including rice, coffee, bananas,
wool, hides and pineapples, only
amounted to $583,053.
ARRESTSFOR THEFT
FOLLOW A FUNERAL
Captain Morphy of San Jose Accuses
His Sister and Her Two
Daughters.
PAX JOSE, April 21.— Mrs. Susan Hen
derson and her two daughters, the Misses
Hattie and Agnes, of Baker City, Oregon,
w< re arrested <'it Alviso this evening on
.. of petty larceny, preferred by
Mrs. Henderson's brother, Captain John
Morphy, on Thursday.
Mrs. Ann Malvey, a sister of Morphy.
died, h'-r funeral taking place to-day.
Mrs. Henderson and daughters came to
.' ise to attend the burial. Mrs. Mal
vey had been insane for some time and
was confined at Agncws. Mrs. Malvey
had a silk dress she had expressed a de
sir.- to '"<• Interred in. This article, to
gether with an uld gold buckle, Mrs. Hen
derson claimed her insane sister had
:: to her. She refused to surrender
the dress to Morphy to be used as a
shroud, and he charged her and his nieces
with theft. They were arrested on board
tli. Alviso boat on the way to San Fran
cisco. At the County Jail they were re
leased on their own recognizance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Every Cloud Has
a Silver Lining/
Watch the clouds of April, and then un-
derstand that like them the clouds of bad
blood enveloping humanity have a silver lin-
ing in the shape of a specific to remove them.
It is Hood's Sarsaparilla. This is America's
Greatest Spring Medicine and it drives out
all impurities from the blood, of either sex
or any age. It never disappoints.
Disordered Stomach — "Nowa*
days I can eat anything I wish because
Hood's Sarsaparilla keeps my stomach in
order. It is the best spring medicine." H.
Stone, Sherborn, Mass.
Grip — "After a severe attack of grip,
my health was poor. I got no relief until
I used Hood's Sarsaparilla, which did what
was needed, purified my blood." M, M.
Stewart, Orizaba, Miss.
Languid— "l was tired and languid.
At my friends' advice I took Hood's Sar-
saparilla and soon felt better. Hood's Pills
cure my headache," Edith Oltz, Ithaca,
N. Y.
Scrofula Sores— "l suffered great
pain for three years from sores on my legs
and I could not sleep. Took three bottles
Hood's Sarsaparilla and the sores disap'
peared. Mother takes it for her blood and
says she could not do without it." A.
Ernest Jones. Langley, S. C
New Life— "As a spring tonic and
blood purifier, Hood's Sarsaparilla over'
comes that tired feeling and gives our
whole family new life." Wm. Ringei, 813
sth Ay,, Peoria, IIL
Malaria— Rheumatism — "Dur^
ing the civil war I was taken with malaria
and rheumatism which troubled me for
years, I took Hood's Sarsaparilla and it
saved my life," S. C. Archer, 63 Hanv
mond Street, Bangor, Me.
Hood's Wits cure liver ills; the non-irritating and
only, cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparilla.
SAYS MRS. FRYE
WHS TOO HASTY
Dr. Jordan Sets Himself
Aright.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 21.
In an interview to-day Dr. Jordan de
nied he had ever spoken slightingly of
the Peace Commission, and remarked
that if Mrs. Frye had followed the
usual method of ascertaining facts she
would have found no reason for a pub
lic discussion.
"The story," said Dr. Jordan, "which
I told to the students of the Stockton
High School criticizing the manners of
an American agent at a banquet in
Taris pertained to an incident occurring
In ISO:'. No mention of the Peace Com
mission was made. The story which
was erroneously reported on the 25th of
February was corrected the following
day in all the papers, over my signa
ture."
The story told at Stockton related to
an American agf-nt who was chewing
tobacco at a Parisian banquet. When
he called for a cuspidor the -waiter
brought the article and placed it on
the' table beside his plate.
After reading Mrs. Frey's published
letter of criti'Msm this morning, Dr.
Jordon sent the following telegram to
Mrs. Frye:
"Referring to the Boston telegram of
Associated Press, permit me to say that
at Stockton I made no attack on the
administration, and did not m.
the Peace Commission or any member
by name or implication. The incident
related happened several years ago,
and was connected with the Pi
Commission by the assumption of
reporter. I corrected it at that
in all the papers s copying it. I
never uttered one word criticizing the
personnel of the commission. I reerpt
deeply the whole affair, especia ;. that
friends of the commission asked .
explanation privately."
ELVIA CROX SEABROOKE
GETS ABSOLUTE DIVORCE
NEW YORK. April 21.— Elvia Crox
Seabrooke, after several years of litiga
tion, has obtained an absolute divorce
from Thomas Q. Seabrooke, the comedian
She has been represented in her legal
troubles by A. 11. Hummel, on whose
motion the recommendation of the refereo
that she be granted a divorce was allowed
to-day by Judge Stover.
Mrs. Seabrooke several years ago sued
her husband for separation on the ground
of abondonment and non-support. In that
action she was granted alimony. She ex
perienced difficulty in obtaining payment
of the alimony for a long while, and at
length had Seabrooko placed in jail until
he arranged to pay the sum. agreed upon
to meet her arrears. She sued him for
absolute divorce several months ago, and
the case was given to a referee, thus
avoiding a public trial. By direction of
the court all the papers in. the case have
been sealed.
THROWN FROM HIS TRAP.
DEL MONTE, April 21.— Lieutenant
Lasher, U. S. X.. retired, was seriously
injured in a runaway accident to-day.
While driving through the J >*-l Monte
grounds, near the lake, with his six-year
old son his horse became frightened and
bolted. The trap was upset and all the oc
cupants were thrown out. Lieutenant
Lasher is in a critical condition, but the
attending physicians are hopeful of his re
covery.
Impure Blood— "I have been In the
best of health since taking Hood's Sarsa'
parilla for impure blood and toning up my
system. It is the best and its effects arc
good." Fred Peer, 98 Herkimer Street,
Albany. N. Y.
Dyspepsia— "l had dyspepsia and a
fracture of the backbone. I can truly say
Hood's Sarsaparilla saved my life. The
fracture has healed owing to pure blood.
It cured my wife of lameness and stomach
trouble." Elijah Buck, Saco, Me.
Running Sores— "Scarlet fever
left my daughter with running sores in her
head, which caused her great pain j Hood's
Sarsaparilla completely cured her in a few
months." James E Colby, West Concord'
N. H.
Dizzy Spells— "Sudden dizzy spells
would make my hands and side numb and
I could not work. Took Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla and am a well man." Fred. V. Hal-
lock, Box 94, South Kent, Conn.
Disordered Stomach — '-Last
spring my stomach was in bad condition-
my head ached and I had a tired feelingt
Hood's Sarsaparilla changed all that hence
I praise it." Chas. Bovee, Glen Falls,
N. Y.
Heart and Lung Trouble— "My
heart and lungs troubled me and I had a
severe cough. Hood's Sarsaparilla entirely
restored me to health,". Mrs. Chas. Hickey,
7 Blackmar Street, Newark, N. J.MUTILATED BODY
FOUND IN A WELL
Miss Jane Brunot Slain
by Her Nephew.
ROBBERY WAS THE OBJECT
ARRESTED FOR THE CRIME, THE
CULPRIT CONFESSES.
Tells How He Shot Down His
Wealthy Relative and Carted
Her Body Away in a
Wheelbarrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NA, 111., April 21.— The mutilated
Miss Jane Brunot, a wealthy
' 'anna, Ind., was found buried
In an abandoned well on a farm of her
ir here to-day.
b Anna Brunot, her Bon H
Slbley wer<
hai ged with the mv
of Polio
■
mhouse, shot h - h ihe
and buried her body In th-.- wi
Miss Brunot came to this city on a
visit about April 1. It is said sho
brought a draft for $500 and other val
\iables. Neither the valise nor Miss
Brunot were seen after April 1. A few
days later Henry Brunot and Sibley
disappeared. The police learned that
the two went to Indianapolis, where
they, it is said, cashed the draft for
On the
• ■ from
for Miss
the
lock
:he police
: sed body
thins was found
[enry Brunot made
of Police
"On Monday, April 10, the day of the
Pnna. riot. Sibley and 1 having laid our
plans to kill my aunt that nitrht. 1
brought my mother to Tana. 1 then
drove home. My aunt was then in the
barnyard milkinp. She went Into the
kitchen and was preparing supper.
Sibley and 1 entered. We had planned
that both should draw revolvers and
flre simultaneously. I drew my gun and
lired first. She fell and I fired several
more shots into her body. She died
instantly. - ley did not fire, Siblev
t^re all her clothing from her, search
ing for money, but found none. We
dragged her out on the porch, threw
her into a wheelbarrow, and Sibley
wheeled her to the well and dumped
her in, head first. We then built a
platform a few feet below the Bur
t'ace of the ground and tilled it with
.-arth. My mother had nothing to do
with the murder. Our object was rob
bery. We thought that. 'Aunt Jane'
had money on her."
-sion cor
r. Brunot de-
Imself Doi-
I tl
3ibley and
I all knowledge of the
.'■Wntyre in Flatham
ago. Mrs. Brunot
custody. Sib
anded without
The police claim that Mrs. Anna Bru
not and her son Henry are Tiilty of
poisoning Charles Brunot. husband of
Anna Brunot, who fell dead at the din
ner table a year ago. Brunot carried
$2000 insurance. The police also allege
that Henry Brunot and Frederick Sib
ley killed Widow Mary Mclntyre,
whose mutilated body was found under
the bed at her little home in the Flat
ham mining district last February,
their object • Ing robbery.
Considerable talk of lynching is
heard, but the strong guard of militia
on duty here will prevent such action.
FUNERAL SERVICES"
OVER HILBORN'S REMAINS
Rev. Dr. Newman Officiated at the
Church and Masonic Ceremonies
Were Held at the Vault.
WASHINGTON, April 21.-The funeral
services over the remains of ex-Repre
ppntative Hilborri of California were held
this afternoon at 2 o'clock at the First
Congregational Church. The casket' was
brought from the chapel of the Garfleld
Hospital shortly after noon and deposited
In front, of the chancel in the church
The casket was covered with flowers and
wreaths were placed beside it. offerings
of many friends of the deceased in Wash
ington. Many people well known in the
official and social life of the capital were
present to pay the last tribute to th*
dead. Mr. Hllborn's widow and daughter
were escorted into the church by Crosby
8. Noyes, editor of the Evening Star, and
received the ministrations of devoted
friends in the trying hour of their af
fliction. The services commenced with
an organ prelude by Dr. J. V. BischofC
who played Beethoven's "Marche Fune
bre."
rcises were cond
church, !•;■
[. Newman, who read I ■; of the
■ 1 < 'nrir.thbins and
cth Psalm. At th<-
Dr. Newman d >;<v-
Mrs. Thorn
Boi
Dr Newman pronounced th<
congregation i
Thp remains were <- ■■ ■ -he hearse
1 ■ arers:
Per
hnm Rear Admiral Hlchborn,
A??'"" of the :
Court, Judge
• the Unit
ana S. H. Kauffmann.
■ taken in charge by
tatioi ■ worted the
■ k < Jemetery, where
I in a vault with the last
f the Masonic burial service.
NO COLORED MAN
ATE WITH BRYAN
The Chicago Platform Democracy
of New YorK Wants This
Made Clear.
NEW YORK, April 21.— 1n the account of the Jefferson dinner by the
rhi^npo Platform Democrats in thin city on the night of April 15, the
■tatement was made and telegraphed that colored men were present.
This, !t is stated, is evidently incorrect and tlmt no colored man was
d at the dinner t.ible. When the speaking commenced a colored
man and his son appeared on the platform, and upon this fact whs based
the statement that colored people were present as guests of the dinner,
which the managing committee of the banquet state is not the fact.
ON THE TRIAL OF
CHINSE ASSASSINS
Clew Given by a Niles
Liveryman.
HIGHBINDERS HIRED A TEAM
HAVE NOT YET RETURNED THE
OUTFIT.
It Is Beligved These Are the Men
Who Committed the Recent
Murders at San Jose
and Fresno.
Special P!?patch to The Call.
NILES, April 21.— Last Saturday, at
S o'clock in the evening, a Chinaman
was killed by highbinders at San
Jose. <>n Wednesday nisht a bloody
riot took place at Fresno, as detailed
in The Call, highbinders killing three
men. Last Saturday at 4 o'clock four
Chinese arrived at Niles. Two of them
' stable conducted by J.
B. Harnard. The others. walked down
railroad track in the direction of
Jose. At the stable a two-horse
■ : rig was hired by the men.
Mr. Barnard was not suspicious when
told him they did not expect to be
back before Sunday, and let them have
the team. They drove off, and at the
bridge picked up the other two Chi
•
They left Xiles at 4:30 o'clock and
just had time to got to San Jos^ when
the murder was committed there. Sun
day came and went, but the team had
not been returned. on Monday Barn
ard drove to San Jose to trace them.
He foun 1 a trace of them at Miluitas
and learned that the four men had
gone oh to San Jose. They wore l'>st
in the maze of the San Jose Chinatown.
Constable Roderick has been hunting
them to get the rig back, but with no
success.
The supposition is that the four men
committed the San Jose murder and
then went on to Fresno, which city
they had ample time to reach in tiny
to assist in the murders there. Officer
Roderick left this morning for the
south to try and get some clew of
them.
This promises to be an important
clew that may lead to the arrest of the
highbinders, Barnard has given a v< in
accurate description of the men to the
rs in Pan Francisco and has sent
notices all over the country In the hope
of having them caught. The Chinese'
were dressed in American clothes of
fine make and wore skull caps such an
the Chinese wear.
WONG DUCK CLEARED.
Hi Rapelji Swears Himself Killed
Leong Tung.
FRESNO, April 21.— At the Coroner's
inquest this morning over the bodies
of the throe dead Chinamen, Hi Rapelji
Bwore that he had killed Leong Tung
and that Wong Duck, who Is charged
with the crime, i? innocent. Rapilji is
j ed by the Chinese companies as
(da! watchman to guard their
premises. His evidence was not a sur- :
prise to the District Attorney as Ra- i
pelji, although he had arrested Wong
Duck himself and claimed on the night
of the Bhooting that Wong Duck had
deliberately shot Leong Tung, yester
day confessed the killing. The China
men who were expected to testify that
Hop Lee had killed one man did not
materialize. Outside of Rapeljl's testi
mony nothing new was brought
The inquest was completed at 1 o'clock.
Hop Lee. who, it is alleged, is the
leader of the local highbinders, was re
leased from jail last night on $500
bonds. Since Hop Lee has been liber
ated a number of merchants in China
town have left here for San Francisco
or other points for fear of another out
break.
At a meeting of the Chinese compa
nies, held last night, it was decided to
ask the Pity Marshal to increase the
police force in Chinatown as a protec
tion against the detachment of hatchet
men who they claim are on the way
from San FVancisco.
ATTACHED THEIR NAMES
TO WORTHLESS DRAFTS
TACOMA. April 21.— British Vice Con
sul Alexander and other business men
here have been defrauded of hundreds of
dollars through the shady transactions of
Captain W. H. Smith and Charles G.
Cnrruthers. These men attained promi
nence at Eagle City, Alaska, last fall
through townsite boom schemes and
were requested to leave on short notice
by the miners of that town. They came
to Puget Sound in February- In Tacoma
they widely advertised that they could
cheaply and quickly raise the ' sunken
ship Andelana. They were to make large
profits out of this enterprise. On the
strength of this expectation they ran up
bills here and in Seattle.
Vice Consul Alexander indorsed one of
their rtrafts for $400, which wan cashed
through a local bank and sent thence to
San I- rancisco for collection. ■ It was re
turned unpaid. This draff was drawn by
tamlth on Moses Samuels of 134 First
street. San Francisco. It is not known
here whether Samuels is a real or a fir
titious person. Mr. Alexander will make
his Indorsement good, but he cannot pro
ceed against Carruthers and Smith be
cause the cashing of worthless drafts is
I Y'. t !l c rlm 'n'il offense under the laws of
this State.
John Sorertson. a prominent diver, who
wa 5 ',' h c eha f r^ e of the raising of the
Andelana, was given another draft drawn
on Samuels for $30. It was shea at the
Donnelly Hotel, but Sorenson will stand
the loss. Among other victims of Smith
and Carruthers were the Donnelly Hotel
here and the Pacific Clothing House of
Seattle. Smith and Carruthers Tare re
ported to be at Republic.
Irish Poet Passes Away.
LONDON. April 22.-Michael Hogan the
Irish poet who visited the United State*
about ISBO, is dead. i-nuea.&tates
THE SAN FBANCIBCO CAI/L, SATUEDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
MATT QUAY ACQUITTED OF
CONSPIRACY AND APPOINTED
UNITED STATES SENATOR
"I " T ARRISBURG, Pa., April 21.— 1 - |
_ mediately on receipt of the news '
that Mr. Quay was acquitted of
. * A. the charges against him Gover
nor Stone appointed him L T nited
States Senator to fill the vacancy until I
the next Legislature meets, and notified
Vice President Hobart as follows:
Sir: By virtue of the power vested in
me as executive of the State of Perm-
Bylvania under article 1, clause 2, section j
'i. of the constitution of the United States .
I hereby makt- temporary appointment
of the Hon. Matthew Stanley Quay to be (
United States Senator from Pennsylvania
until the next meeting of the Pennsyl
vania Legislature, to till the vacancy now ;
existing in this State. Very respectfully,
WILLIAM A." STONE,
Governor of Pennsylvania.
Governor Stone said that in appoint
ing Senator Quay he felt that he had
done the fit and proper thing. He
thought it would make the Issue and is
better done now than after waiting for
weeks.
The authority quoted by the Gover
. nor says that the Governor of any State
may make temporary appointments
during a recess to hold until the next
Legislature meets.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— Opinions dif
fer as to whether the Senate will admit
'.y>:\y to a seat "11 th>' appointment "f the
<">ovfrnor of Pennsylvania. It is in the
power of each Senate to interpret the law
tor itself, and a majority could se&t
him. This might come about through a
deal being made in connection with other
vacancies. If precedents wer« j overturned
it would open the way for the filling of
vacancies, which would give the Repub
licans three Senators and the Democrats
one, which they otherwise would not
have. In view of this, political methods
might obtain above the strict construe
; t ion of th. law and danger of endless
complications in the future. It would
follow, too, that the Governor of Califor
nia and the Governor of Delaware might
appoint Senators \v!i<> would be seated.
On general grounds such a change of
position or! th<> part of the Senate would
Involve complications in the future which
; it is believed a majority of the Senate
would hesitate to incur. It is pointed out.
furthermore, that in the case of Mr.
Quay the constitution of Pennsylvania
ts a barrier in addition to that of
the construction of the law by the Senate
In several cases. The constitution of
Pennsylvania prohibits the Governor from
making appointments to the Senate.
The United States Senate in the cases
of Mantle of Montana and others held
to the theory that a Governor could not
appoint when the Legislature, being in
51 si. ,n after the vacancy had occurred.
had failed to elect. Mr. Quay was one
of those who voted to sustain this theory.
The chances are that no serious effort
will be made to scat Mr. Quay, on the
strength of tho Governor's appointment,
but that an extra session of the Legis
lature will be called and an effort be made
to elect him. Mis friends think this will
succeed, now that he has been acquitted.
♦
FOUND NOT GUILTY OF
THE CONSPIRACY ALLEGED
PHILADELPHIA. April 2L— Mathew
Stanley Quay was declared by a jury of
era to be not guilty of the chares of
conspiring to use for his own unlawful
gain and profit the funds of the State of
Pennsylvania, deposited in the People's
Bank of this city. This verdict was an
nounced by the foreman of the jury Just
as the hands of the courtroom timepiece
pointed to 11 o'clock.
An attempt at a demonstration was
sternly repressed by the court officers.
OWENS PENITENT
ON THE GALLOWS
Murderer Calmly Meets
His Death.
Fpecla! Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN, April 21.—"Gentle
men, I will soon step to my everlasting
home. I killed my wife, a woman that
I loved, and that love will go with me
to the grave. I was not in my right
mind when I took my wife's life. I
was not responsible for it, -and my Go<i
in heaven knows it. Good-by."
George C. Owens, the Modesto wife
murderer. stood or. the death trap at
San Quentin Prison this morning and
uttered these words slowly and in a
firm tone. There was just the sus
picion of a tremor in the voice of the
murderer after the word "gentlemen,"
hut he gathered himself together quick
ly and went on. Five seconds after the
last word left his lips he hung at the
ond of a rope and his mental agony
was over.
Owens' demeanor was a great sur
prise to the prison officials. For the
last week the condemned man has done
little else than weep and it was be
lieved that he would collapse on the
gallows. Under the religious ministra
tion of Rev. Father Lagan of San Ra
fael, Owens braced up wonderfully this
morning and he followed the priest
upon the scaffold with a firm step.
Father Lagan informed the large num
ber of persons present that Owens de
sired to speak a few words, and after
one brief glance at Hangman Arbogast,
who stood by with the noose in his
hand, the doomed man spoke the words
given above.
Dr. Lawlor, the prison physician, said
Owens' death was the quickest he had
ever witnessed. The drop fell at 10:34Vfe
and respiration ceased with the fall.
There was not a pulse beat after the
first half of the third minute. The
body was cut down in eleven and a half
minutes and taken to San Rafael for
interment in the Catholic cemetery.
The crime for which Owens paid the
death penalty was the murder of his
wife at Modesto, on December 13, 1897.
A few months previously they had
trouble over the wife championing the
cause of their daughter, who desired
to marry a blacksmith named Tiede
mann. The wedding took place and
then the wife went to live with her
daughter and son-in-law. When the
wife began divorce proceedings Owens
grew infuriated, and, going to his
daughter's house, shot Mrs. Owens
twice and wounded his daughter. The
wife died a few days later. Owens
turned the revolver on himself after
the commission of the crime, but
wounded himself only slightly. He was
found guilty of murder and sentenced
to be hanged. An appeal was taken to
the State Supreme Court and the case
dragged along for two years. The Su
preme Court finally affirmed the verdict
of the lower court.
LITTLE FOB CREDITORS.
Appraisement of the Insolvent Estate
of E. B. Howard.
SAN JOSE. April 21.— The appraisement
of the insolvent estate of E. B. Howard,
the fruit handler, whose failure precipi
tated the suspension of the I'nlon Bank,
was filed to-day. The totaJ appraised
value of the property is only $56,625. Be
sifU-s this there Is an estimate of $83,351 of
"doubtful" accounts, while $38,979 is re
ported to b© worthless. The appraisement
.will pay about 15 cents on the / I r>lla Ti. i
whose loud shouts of "Order!" "Silence:
\\ . i-f effective in quieting those jubilant
spirits who wished to give vent to tht'ir
satisfaction by cheering. The officers
were unable, however, to keep back those
who struggled to get at Senator Quay
and congratulate him. chairs were upset,
tables were brushed aside and hats were
smashed by the on-rushing crowd. Sena
tor Quay, with a broad smile on his face.
responded pleasantly to the greetings and
rratulations of those who crowded
around. A few of his political friends
were there, and these men were loud and
sincere in their expressions.
Although the court officers prevented
the cheering in the courtroom their juris
diction did nol extend to the corridors
of the <'ity Hall, and the first group of
men who left the courtroom sent up a
mighty shout, which was taken up and
rep( ated by the crowds gathered just out
side the "deadline" drawn by the watch
men, beyond which only possessors of
tickets were allowed to pass. As soon
as Senator Quay could get away from
those anxious to shake his hand and
congratulate he made his way. accom
panied by his counsel, to the elevator to
descend to th» street from the sixth floor
of the municipal building. Here the
scenes in the courtroom w< re repeated.
Everybody wanted to say something
pleasant to him and crowds gathered near
the elevator shaft on each floor # to watch
the car carrying the distinguished party
as It descended to the street. The ave
nue surrounding the City Hall is wide and
smooth and the neighborhood is the
stamping ground for the politicians of the
town. Here the enthusiasm' was immense
as the Senator emerged from the door of
the building. A group of enthusiasts
rushed forward and attempted to hoist
him onto their shoulders, but the Sena
tor waved them back, saying. "Oh, no;
oh. no; I'm too old a man for that."
Quay walked with his friends one block
down Broad street to the office of his
counsel, where he -nade his escape from
the surging crowd. It is understood that
he will at once join his family In Wash
ington and will probably go away for a
long rest
Political friends of Senator Quay are
urging him to bring criminal prosecutions
against those enemies who they claim
are" behind the prosecution, but the Sena
tor will not indicate what his course in
this respect may be.
WANAMAKER TALKS OF
QUAY'S ALLEGED MISDEEDS
PHILADELPHIA, April 21.— John Wan
amaker made the following statement
relative to the acquittal of ex-Senator
OLIVER BELMONT
AND BRYAN TALK
Democratic Powwow at
Buffalo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO. April 21.— Fully 8000 people
crowded Music Hall to-night to listen to
Colonel W. J. Bryan. Among those in
the boxes were Mayor Conrad Diehl
and Vicar General Connery of the dio
cese of Buffalo.
Colonei Bryan- appeared on the stage at
8:25 o'clock, accompanied by a large com
pany. He was enthusiastically received,
the crowd rising and cheering for some
time. Among, those on the platform were
Frank L. Bapst, chairman of the Demo
cratic committee; Norman K. Mack, Su
preme Court Justice .Robert G. Thus ajid
Oliver H. f. .tseimont.
Justice Tims presided. He .spoke
against territorial expansion and urged
the Democratic party to piant itself
squarely in opposition to that heresy. Tne
cuairmun theu introduced Mr. iielmont.
Who was received with hearty applause.
He said in part:
The Democratic party holds a great responsi
bility toward the people. It remains witn it
to ueelde whether existing conditions shall con
tinue or not. The party ha:s never been given
greater opportunity to vindicate Its claim that
it is the party that stands lor government by
the people and for the people, with equal rights
to all and special privileges to none.
The responsibility of the Democratic party is
doubled trotn the fact that if It mils to oust
the enemy in XXX) It will by so doing give it
a long lease for the seat of government and
allow it to intrench its position by the intricate
system of patronage. '•.;.'
"1 am a believer in Democratic principles, and
I believe that the minority should acquiesce in
the decision of the majority, but I believe that
the interest of any city, ' State or section of
the country should be used in framing a na
tional policy. The city of New York is Demo
cratic, and I can say the State,, though we were
beaten In the last election, is also Democratic,
and its vote will be essential in the 'election
of 1900.
I deem it, therefore, urgent that eve«y
Democrat of New York should rally to his
party and give assurance of bis support to the
next national platform, whether It will be that
of 18i»6 pure and simple, or whether it will be
that Of IM>6 modified or added to.
The Republicans, as expr-'sseii by this admin
istration, gtftnd for trusts, monopolies and con
centrated wealth ami imperialism, and to all
of th.-se things I hold Democracy Is opposed.
I am not opposed to wealth— no one would
believe mp If I pretended to be— but I am op
posed to trusts an'l monopolies, because 1 con-
Blder they Interfere with Individual effort,
which has made thr American citizen what he
Is— a free and independent man. I deny in
•■very way the idea that the Democratic party
Is opposed U) wealth, as our Republican friends
pretend. Wealth Is as safe In Democratic hands
as It Is In Republican hands, but the right
of the Individual to secure wealth will be
safer under a Democratic administration.
Justice Titus paid a high tribute to
Colonel Bryan, who was received with tre
mendous cheering.
Mr. Bryan said he had been accused of
not having worldly goods sufficient to
make him a safe custodian of property,
but he was glad that the one who preced
ed him (Mr. Belmont) had enough worldly
possessions to take him out of the ranks
of the anarchists at least.
Continuing. iMr. Bryan spoke against
expansion, against the taxing of the peo
ple to maintain a large standing army
and against the manner of raising the
war revenue, and closed with an argument
for bimetallism. His speech was largely
a repetition of his address delivered in
New York at the "dollar dinner."
Hobart Gains Slowly.
WASHINGTON, April 21.— Vice Presi
dent Hobart had a fairly good day, and
was able to sit up several times. His
progress toward recovery is very tedious,
but the physicians are confident he is
gaining.
ct~p A\ m sattfti niT
\*ls^ A^U BSkVjK. H.IK UA I .
Some articles cut 60 - ->er cent.
Borne articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
; - •; ■. Stores Everywhere. .
Quay and the latter's appointment by
the Governor as United States Senator:
The acquittal of Senator Quay will be a dis
appointment to every lover of justice and every
friend of good government throughout the
I'nited States. It records with emphasis the
difficulty of convicting potent politicians
charged with public crime, no matter how
clear, convincing and overwhelming the evi
dence may be. The story of the corrupt use and
speculation in public money in Pennsylvania is
*n old one and has been a matter of notorious
accusation against a long line of State Treas
urers and political bosses for many years. Mr.
3uay himself has heen again and again accused
■)( participation in treasury jobbing by the
newspapers of this and other States. Hereto
fore, however, the basis of these accusations
largely consisted of oral testimony and of alle
gations by political opponents. T»he case which
Lerminated to-day, unlike previous accusations,
was founded exclusively upon documentary
proof in his own handwriting and that of his
friends and confederates. The evidence of the
juilt did not depend upon the veracity of any
man or men, but was supported exclusively
t>y his own letters and by written entries and
=tatements recorded by his trusted friends and
supporters. From the day the prosecution
igalnst him was instituted until the verdict
nas recorded he has sought by every device 'to
ielay and obstruct the efforts of the common
wealth's officers to produce the written evi
dence of his misdoing and to bring him to
trial for his offenses. The removal of the case
from the lower court on the eve of the day
when it was first set down for trial by an
extraordinary writ issued by the Supreme
Court, which that court subsequently dis
missed, was successful in taking the prosecu
tion away from the management of former
restrict Attorney Graham, whose ability, zeal
md effectiveness as a prosecutor had been de
monstrated by eighteen years of service. The
same effort to prevent a full exposition of his
icts as a public official and his connection with
the private use of public money marked avery
"tcp in the extraordinary line of defense which
his skillful attorneys adopted during his trial
in resisting the zealous and able efforts of
District Attorney Rothermel to Introduce all
the inculpating evidence in possession of the
commonwealth. By technical objection he ex
cluded the evidence offered to show that dur
ng his term as State Treasurer he was paid In
terest on State deposits and also the receipt
)f interest by subsequent Treasurers charged in
the bill of indictments as being, conspirators
with him in crime, and finally failed to take
the stand in his own defense ..nd submit him
self to cross-examination upon the charge
made. The "red book" ker>t by his trusted
friend, Mr.. Hopkins, and which set out the
=tory "f treasury corruptions, was overwhelm
ingly corroborated and its verity established by
the testimony and admission of his friend.
McKep and by the signature of his friend and
co-defendant, B J. Ettywood. Notwithstand
ing all this proof, ematiating exclusively fron:
the llns and pens of himself and his closest
rriends, and in the face of his own silence and
failure to testify to his innocence, he was ac
nuitted.
This is a new chapter of shame for Pennsyl
vania, a new record of failure in the admin
istration of Justice that will do much to en
courage corruptionists and public plunderers
generally throughout the country. The first
shout of defiant exultation over his acquittal
has proceeded from the Governor of the com
monwealth, who lias promptly appointed him a
L'nlted States Senator without authority and
In violation of the law and In defiance of th>>
will of the people as expressed by the votes of
the Legislature. It is fitting in every way
that the capstonp should have thus been put
upon the edifjfre of boss rule and machine job
bery by the Quay representative in the Gov
ernor's chair. We will thus see more clearly,
it is to be hoped, the reckless disregard of right
and decency, of public morality and political
purity that characterizes the Quay machine
now intrenched In office In Pennsylvania.
But friends of £-00,1 government .should not
jcppalr. There are other indictments to be dis
posed of still hanging over Quay, and whatever
may be their fate, even though it should be a
technical acquittal, the contest against the
ling forces, practices and principles
which Quay and his machine represent will be
carried on until justice and right, morality and
honesty, r hall trlum;>h. The friends of good
g. >\ t.-rnment will enlist in this warfare to-day
and must continue unremittingly and unflinch
ingly the strife against all wrongdoing and
wrongdoers in any party and in all parties, re
gardless of temporary setbacks or defeats, un
til the treasury johbers shnll be driven from
official power in the commonwealth. To-day's
verdict settles nothing but the fate of the
single bill of Indictment upon which Quay was
tried.
WILL ORDER HIS
ARMY TO DISBAND
Gomez to Bring Peace
to Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, April 21.— General Max
imo Gomez is arranging to publish to
morrow a list of paymasters and as
sistant paymasters appointed ata meet
ing held this evening. He will say in
connection therewith, that owing to
the necessity of the establishment of
a peaceful republic at the earliest pos
sible date, the only troops needed are
those of the intervening power, with
the assistance of the rural guards in
isolated districts. Therefore he will
instruct soldiers of the Cuban army to
disband and turn over their arms to
their officers, who will deposit them in
a suitable rAeptaele or museum where
they will be guarded as relics of a
glorious struggle. The men are then
to go to work immediately.
Officials close to Gomez say that if
he were offered the Presidency he prob
ably would accept.
La Discusion attacks him to-day
saying he is not a representative of the
army or the people and that he was
elected by only a. few generals, "who
were forced to do so by the tyrannical
Americans."
Gomez was subjected to an affront
yesterday while he was returning in a
launch after having said farewell to his
two sons and his daughter, who sailed
for San Domingo. General Gomez was
hissed by some people who were stand
ing on the roof of a house that over
looked the harbor. They waved Span
ish flags, cried "Long live Weyler," and
"Long live Spain," "Death to Gomez,"
"Death to the Americans," and "Death
to the Cubans." The passengers and
sailors on board the Alfonso XIII re
peated the cries. Even the papers that
oppose Gomez denounce the proceeding
as an outrage.
ESTERHAZY A SPY FOR
THE INTELLIGENCE BUREAU
PARTS. April 21.— The Figaro, continu
ing to-day its publication of the testimony
given before the Court of Cassation in
the Dreyfus revision inquiry, prints the
depositions of a host of experts on hand
writing, with conflicting opinions as to
the authorship of the bordereau. Most of
these are of little interest.
M. Chincolle, a journalist, testified that
during an adjournment of the Zola trial
he overheard Esterhazy admit that he
(Esterhazy) wrote the bordereau by or
der, adding: "General Billot's meanness
is well known; and if he had given me
(Esterhazy) 80,000 francs in the course of
a twelvemonth it was not for nothing."
From this M. Chincolle concluded that
Esterhazy had long rendered police ser
vices to the intelligence bureau. •
CARLISTS ARE ACTIVE.
Pretender's Agents Are Canvassing
Cuba for Soldiers.
HAVANA, April 21.— The Carllsts are
moving throughout the Island, and their
agents are trying to secure men. They
prefer the Cuban soldiers around Ha
vana. Yesterday one agent was openly
offering $15 a month and a free passage
to Spain as an inducement to join the
army of Don Carlos.
La Geceta Carlista, a Carlist organ re
cently established here, describes in its
latest issue the munificence of Don Carlos
and his desire to rebuild Spain as well as
ito ''exterminate such men, aa Weyler." ,
SAYS HE DIED AND
WENT TO HEAVEN
Healer Schlatter Shows
Up at Boston.
TELLS A PECULIAR STORY
DESCRIBES A VISIT TO THE
REALMS ABOVE.
He Was Commissioned, He Declares,
to Return to Earth and Utilize
the Divine Power He
Possessed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April 21.— Schlatter, the "di
vine healer," is in Boston. He says he
has come to make the blind see. the lame
walk and the sick recover. Schlatter Is
not the "healer's" real name, nor does he
go by that appellation. He is the Rev.
Charles McLean. M. D., who, according
to his own lips, is the Schlatter of fame.
Schlatter is the German for "sleeper."
and the name was given him, he says, by
the Germans of Denver, Colo. In every
detail 'does he tally with the description
of the famous "healer" who went into a
Western desert in 1896, after several fail
ures to continue his wonderful cures.
From the day when Schlatter dropped
from sight, to bury himself for forty days,
people have disputed his death and
"resurrection." The bones of a man sup
posed to be Schlatter were found on a
Western desert, but Dr. McLean, in an
interview yesterday, said that when he
buried himself his soul visited God. His
body was "under the earth of the barren
soil"— the spot he will not reveal. The
soul, he says, was "instructed by God to
come back to earth, join the waiting
body, for both to rise up, go the path
formerly trod, and on the way utilize di
vine powers for the benefit of mankind."
Schlatter has consulted certain city au
thorities as to his desire to bury himself
for forty days in this city with the per
mission of the Board of Health, his grave
to be watched by persons in authority
and members of the press and others who
may join. He does not stipulate how deep
he shall be buried, but says sixty feet
is agreeable to him. His sole purpose is
to convince the unbelieving that he is "a
chosen representative of God alive."
He makes the claim that by his powers
Rudyard Kipling was saved when every
one else gave him up. While the eyes of
the world were watching for bulletins
of the author"s death and the doctors
labored without hope, Dr. McLean says,
he was called upon by an intimtae friend
of Mrs. Kipling.
"1 was implored by this woman." he
told a reporter, "to save Mr. Kipling if
it were -in my power. I asked God to
grant the woman the request as she had
faith in my powers. Mrs*. Kipling, I was
told, knew or the other woman's request.
The world knows that Kipling was saved
as if by a hand stretched out by God. It
was God's hand, in truth, that saved him.
"This knowledge," he continued, "was
not intended for the public. Up to a few
years ago 1 never used the extraordinary
powers God gave me to any extent. You
all know of my cures in Denver and the
crowds that visited me. One day I found
my power to cure the sick and make the
blind see and the lame walk had left me.
I had thirty failures in one day. I be
lieved T ■ had offended God in some way
and I aaid to him, 'I will do penance.' I
went into the desert to bury myself and
fast for forty days. I did so, and when I
lay buried for a few hours God command
ed' my soul to come to him. I saw God
and told him I felt that I had offended
him. He said this was not so, but that
he desired I should rest. "You shall go
back again and continue your work,' he
said."
The reporter asked how heaven looked.
"That is sealed on my lips." he an
swered. "God will not allow me to say
what I saw or what he told me. I am
like Paul— 'l saw, but cannot tell.' I
stayed in heaven for forty days and got
thoroughly rested. Then God commanded
me to return. My soul joined my body in
the desert grave. I rose up and started
on my renewed mission."
"Where is the grave?"
"That I cannot tell."
"But there were bones found on a
western plain, near Denver?"
"Yea, but they were the bones of some
unfortunate."
"How does God look?"
"He Is not in form or shape, and Is visi
ble to the senses only."
"To what influence do you ascribe your
wonderful powers?"
"That I do not know. God selected me
as his disciple on earth and told me to go
and give aid to the deserving-."
"What were the most wonderful cures
you have made?"
"Bringing two persons to life. In IRS6 I
was in London. Behind Dr. Spurgeon's
Tabernacle a man named James Gibson
lay in a trance, but he was in reality
dead, physicians and medical men failing
to bring him to life. I succeeded by lay
ing my hands on him and praying. The
other case was of a woman named Helen
McColl— a Scotch woman. She was dead
for a day, the death certificate being is
sued."
"I have been offered $1,000,000 by Armour
to build a temple with. Andrew Carnegie
has made a similar offer, and so have nu
merous other rich men. They all had
some selfish purpose. They wanted the
temple named after them, or in some
other way they were to gain distinction
by their gifts. Because of this I refused.
Andrew Carnegie is an example of this
money-giving class. They must reap
some benefit."
While in New York the divine healer
ruired Richard Croker of two diseases that
had baffled the skill of the best New York
physicians. Croker. he says, admits this.
The cure was performed at the request
of Mrs. Croker. Mr. Croker gave him
$5000. the use of Tammany Hall, and Tam
many Hall gave $10,<X>0.
GHOULISH COMPETITION
OF THE UNDERTAKERS
Death of J. D. Brooks at Los Angeles
Closes a Disgusting
Incident.
LOS ANGELES, April 21.— The scandal
ous efforts of certain undertaking firms
to secure a "shipping job" in the case of
an invalid tourist not yet dead were in
creased to-day, when J. D. Brooks, the
unfortunate whose case was noted in
previous dispatches, passed away. Mr
Brooks was for many years head clerk
for the Carnegie Steel Company and was
paid a large salary. It is said an ac
quaintance of the sufferer several days
ago went to a firm of undertakers and
promised them the job of embalming and
preparing the remains for Eastern ship
ment when death should have come. The
Carnegie firm a few days ago sent $200
here to defray the funeral expenses and
the fare East of an acquaintance who
intended to accompany ihe body.
The local council of the Royal Arcanum,
an order to which Mr. Brooks belonged,
had, however, decided on other arrange
ments. When the invalid died this morn
ing an officer of the lodge telephoned to
an undertaking firm to take charge of the
body. The firm immediately sent a wagon
and representatives of two other establish
ments who hoped to get the case passed up
stairs just as the corpse was being taken
away. Wrath and disappointment were
depicted on the faces of these enterpris
ing persons when they saw they had been
foiled.
The remains of Brooks will be shipped
East on Monday, and with their departure
will close an incident in which ghoulish
rapacity was the chief feature.
Death of Mrs. G. W. Hamilton.
HEALDSBURG. April After a lin
gering illness Sarah Woodworth Hamil
ton, wife of George W. Hamilton of Stony
Point, died last Sunday morning. Her
husband, to whom she had been married
forty-three years, and nine adult chil
dren were with her in her last illness.
She was 58 years of age and a native of
Ohio, and came to Sonoma County when a
child* * •
DROWNS HIMSELF
IN HORSE TROUGH
Healdsburgr Capitalist
Ends His Life.
H. M. WILLSON'S SAD DEATH
THE SUICIDE EIGHTY-FOTJ3
YEARS OF AGE.
Ties a Heavy Weight Around His
Neck and Calmly Lies Down in
a Receptacle Filled With
Water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, April 21.— H. M. Will
son of Healdsburg, one of the county's
oldest citizens, committed suicide at
his home near that city this afternoon.
For some time Mr. Willson had been in
a precarious state of health. Several
years ago a cancer made its appearance
upon his face, and this, together with
his advanced age, is supposed to have
brought on the despondency which
caused him to take his life.
The method chosen was unusual in
the extreme. Shortly after having fin
ished his luncheon Mr. Willson repaired
to the barn yard in the rear of his resi
dence, removed the handle from a
heavy iron sledge hammer, tied the
huge piece of iron around his neck with
a piece of bale rope and calmly lay
down in a large horse trough filled with
water. When found an hour or so later
life was extinct.
H. M. Willson was well known to al
most every resident of Healdsburg, and
had in addition a lai»ge circle of ac
quaintances throughout the county.
For many years he was a director of
the bank of Healdsburg and he had
long been prominent in business and
financial circles. Of late years he had
paid comparatively little attention to
business, his eighty-four years weigh
ing too heavily upon him. He was well
supplied with this world's goods and
leaves considerable valuable property.
Two grandchildren are left to mourn
his death.
STOCKTONS PROTEST.
Differential on Grain Objected To by
the Mill City.
STOCKTON. April 21.— The warehouse
men propose to take united action against
the new freipht schedules on grain. There
was no meeting: to-day t" dlscusss the dif
ferential on grain between Stockton and
San Francisco, but 'there will be to-mor
row, when the commit u-e to represent the
Stockton warehouse i will be ap
pointed. This committee wili k° < •
the Railroad Commissioners on Monday.
The warehouse men at first hardly credit
ed the new deal with th>- serious importa
later investigation brought cut. The
warehouse int* :■ ;oo heavy
to be put in jeopardy without ;i strong
fight before the Railroad Commissioners.
Work has just been started on a $150,000
structure for th^ Farmers' Union.
M* 2 What
P^p\ These
j-U /\)Num-
Yr\ bers
/ . n\ Signify
l.h \ ?
ONE MAN BE BLESSED WITH MANT OF
the luxuries of this life, but these do net
always bring happiness. Nothing can take the
place of good health, and beneath the fine at-
tire and the general makeup of a fine lady or
gentleman disease may lurk just the same as
beyond the more modest attire of the working
man or woman. No one is proof against
STOMACH DISORDER—It is safe ~to say
that two-thirds of the people beyond the age of
puberty suffer from stomach trouble. There
are so very many conditions that may give
rise to disorders of digestion. Among" them
are heredity, mental worry, brainwork, over-
work, irregularity of meals, irritants, tobacco.
Imperfect mastication, malaria, liver complaint,
constipation — in fact, the causes of indigestion
are too numerous to mention.
If your digestion is interfered with you wlil
present one or more of the following symp-
toms: Headache (Fig. 1), Pain in Shoulder
(Fig. 2), Palpitation of Heart (Fig. 3). Pain or
Heaviness In region of Stomach (Fig. 4). Pain
or Soreness in Side (Fig. a), Pain in Back (Fig.
6). Other symptoms that may present are Ner-
vousness, Weakness. Emaciation. Irritable
Temper, Coated Tongue, Constipation. This
last symptom (Constipation) may he the direct
cause of your Indigestion, or it may be sec-
ondary to it.
You will be able to diagnose your own case
from the above. Xow for treatment. There is
one remedy that is infallible in all stomach
disorders. HUDYAX never fails to cure. It is
a specific for all stomach disorders.
HUDYAX will overcome any weakness of the
stomach, it will stimulate the gastric follicles,
causing a flow of those Juices that are neces-
sary to perfect digestion and assimilation.
HUDYAN will stimulate the liver if that organ
Is impaired, causing the bile to flow, thus giv-
ing the bowels the laxative that nature has pre-
pared for them. In this way constipation is re-
lieved at once. HUDYAN will stimulate to
perfect action all those glands upon which di-
gestion and assimilation depend.
HUDYAN will give you strength, It will
purify your blood. Persons of a bilious, tem-
perament will find in HUDYAN a positive cure.
HUDYAN cures all Stomach, Liver, Kidney.
Nervous and Blood Disorders.
HUDYAX is sold by druggists, or it will be
sent direct -upon receipt of price, 50c a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50.
HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
You have the privilege of consult-
ing the Hudyan Doctors about your
case, free of charge. Call or write.
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
JUST RECEIVBD-
PNEUIHATIC TIRED ROAD- WAGONS
AND SURREYS,
Latest styjes. best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we are
making greatly reduced prices on a large Una
of nigh-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-
gies. Best of repair work on short notice.
FASCINATING /*%,
COMPLEXIONS
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted *TB&, pr
complexion so much desired . can ' -i?-*-**^
be obtained by the use of WOODBURJT'S Facial
Boap an.d Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power for brightening the color, glvln/8
I new life and tone to the akin: beautifying &nJ
l cresorvln*: tbtt oomslexlon. t « — ~TcL^_^
34
SEEK AID IN
ORDER TO CARRY
ON GOOD WORK
A Monster Bazaar in
Charity's Name.
MANY PEOPLE WILL ASSIST
■
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY
APPEALS FOR HELP.
For Years Its Members Have Done
Noble Work Relieving Distre^3d
People of All Creeds and
Nationalities.
The will
■
■
■
■
bazaar or
Mas m .-: ■ next Thursday,
■
Branches of the society in Alameda.
Berkeley; Oakland and this city will send
their most charming Rir!s to till the
booths and to entertain the people who
are to be, for the time beintf, their lests,
The committee appointed by the Celtic
Union, the great body of Irish societies, is
taklnp a most active part in the para
tions. The members have pledged their
cordial support and co-operation. They
have also undertaken to range special
jirojrramm^s for certain evenings and for
the reception of various civic and frater
nal organizations.
The efforts of the society in half of
the men of the volunteer army who were
for months at Camp Merritt last year will
not be soon forgotten. Jn ada.^on to the
M£ tent of the society in which the spir
itual and physical needs ot the .soldiers
were attended, gentlewomen went from
tent to tent ministering to those too ill to
move about. They supplemented the work
of the army nurses by carrying delicacies
that the prim regulations of war fail to
provide for the men stricken down while
in the performance of duty. The work
was carried cut on road, humanitarian
lines as the society dispenses all its chari
ties; without a thought as to the creed or
the nationality of persons- receiving its
bounty. The departure of the soldiers did
not complete the work on their behalf.
Many of the men left families unprovided
for and the society undertook to care for
them. This burden, added to the others,
rapidly dtpleted the funds of the society,
Hence" the bazaar to replenish them.
Each booth will be m charge if a
president of a branch of the society, who
will be assisted by various members. The
names of the ladies who will have charge
1 1 the princip:U booths "are as follows:
No. 1, Oakland— Mrs. M. Kirk (president),
Miss M. Gannon. Mis? Maria Flynn. Mrs. J. J.
Lynch, Mrs. Frederick, Mrs. K. Coleman and
Mrs. M. Jordan.
No. 2. St. Charles". San Francisco— Mr». J.
Fer.nell (president). Mrs. H. Molloy. Mrs. T.
IVnderpast, Mrs. A. H. Maguire. Mrs. M. Cv-
Fick, Mrs. J. J. Greene. Mrs. Code, Miss X.
McCarty.
No. 3.' Alar.ieda— Miss B. Gallagher (presi
dent). Miss K. Jollymour, Miss M. Kearney,
Miss M. Rupert. Mrs. M. McStay. Mrs. E. St.
bure. Mrs. yuijjley. Mrs. K. Ruppert.
No. 4, St. Frendaii's— Mrs. M. Heed (presi
dent). Mrs. M. J. Kafferty. Ml?s May Mc-
Carty, Miss F. Patterson. Mrs. A. l>elaney,
Mrs. A. Sigglns, Mrs. M. Brennan.
No. 8. St. Mary's Cathedral— Mrs. M H.
Smith (president). Miss J. Mitchell, Miss May
Shelly. Mtsa M. Patsley. Miss Anna L*ary,
MiesL. Knorn, Miss E. Feisel, Mrs. M. v
No. 9! ft. Charles'— Miss A. Martin (presi
dent). Mrs. M. Fltzgibbons. Mrs. M. Lycett.
Mise L. Wynne, Mips A. I-e Hert. Miss K. Ma
gulre, Mrs. M. OHara.
No. I". St. Joseph's— Miss M. Burke (presi
dent), Mrs. S. McFadden, Mrs. K. C Curtis,
Mrs. M. Hums. Mrs. Torsney. Mrs. S. G.
liayruther*. Miss M. Atkinson. Miss A. Burke.
No. 11. Pt. Rcse'B— Mis* I>. M. Mullee (jirwi
dent), Mrs. S. ToMn, Mrs. E. O'Neill, Mrs.
J. .1 McGinnry, Miss K. Kitztrerald. Miss M.
Tuite, Miss A. Hums, Miss M. Garety, Miss
J. M.-i-artby, Miss M. Shields, Miss M. Con
l^n. Miss M. Stein, Miss M. Curtis.
No. IS, South San Francisco— '■: - - Mary Ford
(president). Miss M. Mi'Dnnouch. Misses F. and
<". Graves. MifS M. Welsh, Miss F. Fanninsr,
Miss A. Daly.
No. 19. St. Pominlc'?— Mrs. P. J. WhltP
(president). Miss M. Murphy, Miss E. Fiti
patrick. Miss K. Lansdon.
No. 10, Sacred Heart — Miss B. Dean (presi
dent), Mr*. I>. F. Ragan, Mrs. D. J. Sullivan,
Mrs. H. Gallagher, Mrs. M. Hal pin, Mi Dr.
Donnolly. Mr?. O. Croaacup, Mr.-. J. J. Gon
zalez. Dr. E. I,ynch.
No. 25. St. Mary's, Paulist— Mrs. C. Kenniff.
Mrs. D. T. Sullivan. Mrs. Smith, Mrs. E.
Graney, Misses A. and M. Donohue, Miss A.
Greene. Miss M. Jones, Mrs. Ganes. Mrs. Gib
bone.
Soda fountain— Miss A. Martin and Miss K.
Tig-he.
R»fref.hment table— Mrs. Charles Casapsa and
younfT lads assistants.
A contest for the most popular member
of the Fire Department and police force
Will be held. The following have the af
fair in charge: Miss Mary Atkinson.
Miss Margaret Curtis, J. P. Dignan, Gus
Bayruthera and A. B. Maguire.
A contest for the most popular branch
of the League, of the Cross Cadets will
also be held under the auspices of C. I.
A. S. No. 2. A meeting of the committee
of arrangements will be hf-ld in the base
ment of St. Mary's Cathedral Sunday.
April 23. at 2:3U p. m. to perfect all .ar
rangements.
SAUER'S RECITAL
The second of Emil Bauer's piano reci
tals was given in the Grand Opera-house
yesterday afternoon before a small but
nttentive and enthusiastic audience.
S-'auer was In the best of form and his
programme, which Included the G minor
Bonata by Chopin ami a group of charac
teristic compositions by himself, was well
i alculated to display the refinement, sym
pathy nnd exquisite tonal authority of
the performer. Bauer gives one more re
cital in San Francisco — on next Thurs
day evening In the Odd Fellows' Hall.
NOW FOR THE DOGS.
The San Francisco Kennel Club's
Show Is Already an Assured Sue-
cess and Is Eagerly Awaited.
The Pan F*ran< nel <'ls;i> rightly
a«iticlpatea
Flon of the opening of its dog show
number of
the society women who have bloodi
nines have signified ■ put
ting tht-ir | hibitlon. The entries
for the show will close to-morrow at mid
rrier Club
which reorganised last week, will be a
• ■
ffer a number of special prf* a
- In addition to this th. Amer
ican Mastiff Club has offered the disposal
six handsome tro] :
Mastiff Club for ompetition, and the
com
»n for thi- very valuable trophies
to all comers upon the payment of
the entry fee.
Women's Press Association.
The Par ■ Women's Press Asso
ciation will hold a BoctaJ meeting Monday
Pears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
afternoon In Golden Gate Hall, when the
following programme will be rendered:
Piano solo. Mlm K. Nolan; paper, ''Inci
dent.* of Travel." Mr». Grey; paper. Incidents
of Tnnoi '■ Mis* Humsoy; paper, "Incident* 01
Travel " Mrs. Alice Kimretoury l *""l°>" : v '/' ml
solo •■iimr.st Thou?" Miss Cornelia Stanley.
original humoroua poem. Miss Skldmore. re
cited by Misl Ulta Marchand; paper. Inci
of Trarel, 1 ' Mr*, t, ■■ 1.-ii. paper, "Tn
ts of Travel," Miss Hartman; paj.or, m
tg of Travel," Mrs North.
LAN MACLAREN'S FAREWELL.
Dr. Watson Gets a Sympathetic Hear
ing for William MacClure.
It. Janus Watson, tresh from his tri
umphs on the lecture platform, gave a
g y. -st. n lav at Sherman .<■ Clay
Hall to an audience the mos-t enthusi
astic he has met anywhere In the West.
To begin with, U was composed almost
vrhollj of women, in the next place It
.I, •alt "with that most lovable ol all the
In his fiction, Dr. William MacClure,
a sure appeal even with a leas certain
author than "lan Maclaren," 10 Bucn
sympathetic hearers.
Dr Watson, as he hns been taken on
his former appearances in San Francisco,
Is more of a humorist than anything else.
- reading yesterday he gave some
humorous views of the celebrated physl
•• Drumtochty, which were received
with more applause than women usually
1. to that sort of thing; but it was
De got down to the broad human
nature In the man that the outbreak
•ame and the whole three or four hun
dred in the audjence made a simultaneous
1 reak for the stage, as if they could not
ear enough to the fountain rrom
which their emotion flowed. It was only
a passing Incident, but it showed the
power of ;' r, and was a compli
ment that could have been induced only
by the feeling with which he rendered
the fiction of his brain.
Dr. Watson will appear this evening at
Sacramento, from which place he Jour
neys to the principal cities of the North
and British Columbia before resum
- pulpit in Liverpool.
A SEWER SYSTEM
IS NOW ASSURED
THE PRELIMINARY WORK PRO-
VIDED FOR.
Conference Between the Mayor, Sup
ervisors Aigeltinger and Holland
and Messrs. Marsden Manson
and C. E. Grunsky.
A conference was held in Mayor Phe- I
late y sterday afternoon be- :
tween the !4ayor, Supervisors Ai^vlting'er
and Hollan neers Marsden Man- ,
son and C. K. Grunsky for the purpose of
g ways and means for making a I
quate sewer system
in the proposed call for a bond election.
The first and greatest difficulty encoun
was that of getting the money I
: ;.' make the preliminary surveys
. lans that are necessary to be made
under the law before the item of sewers
can he included in the call for an election.
it is estimated that at least JIH.OOO will be
arj to make the accomplishment of
this work )>"ssible. This amount .>f money
now available and will not he until j
eginning of the next fiscal year. It
ed thai resolution be framed
- forth the, intention of the Board
to Institute the building ■
wi r system as well as the appoint
vll i nglneers to map
out the work. T to this plan
was that it would not meet the requlre
he law regulating the cßllir^ of
a bond election.
After much discussion it was finally de
cided to frame a resolution appropriating
ii"v from the street Improvement fund
the beginning of the necessary work
of preparing plans and specifi*
the new sewer Bystem. The resolution
will also j.roviilo for the appointment of
: Marsden Hanson, » - . K. Qrunsky and City
and County Surveyor Tiltoii as a board
gineers to perform this work. This
itlon will be presented to the I
pi rrta ra i n Monday after flra
ibmltted to the City and County At
torney for his approval.
It Is estimated that this Bum of wwo w ju
ry cost
of the work until July 1, aftt-r which time
the funds for the m-xt fiscal y\ .*r will he
available and can be drawn upon for th<>
! balance of the cost. It is under
that Messrs. M i Grunsky will
receive the sum of $4i\X) each for their
services.
YACHTSMEN OPEN
SEASON TO-DAY
Combined Corinthian and California
Fleets Will Cruise To-Morrow
Along the City Front.
To-day (S the Corinthians will
celebrate the npenin.K of the yachting sea
son in the club house at Tiburon, the par
ticulars of which appeared In last Mon
day's Call.
The California Yacht Club will formal- \
ly open the season to-day also. The g^in
rs will be tired at "s a, m.. at which
hour all yachts will "dress ship." and re
main dressed until flags are hauled down
at sunset. To-night an entertainment, at
which only members and a few specially i
invited euestfl will be present, will be held
in the club house on Oakland Creek.
The opening cruise in squadron will take
: - inday, April 23). A
le promptly at 10:30 a. m.,
and yacht? must with stout tow
c ■ ' KSG i Have a tow
line ready) id made by the flagship Pacto- I
!is. Th<- following yachts are in commi.s-
Sloops Pactolus, Royal. Embla, I
merly Verona), Hope, Bt
and Regina: yawls 1
nd Surf. The launch An
tn towing.
The following communication speaks for I
OAKLAND, Oil., April 21. 1899.
To the Sporting Editor, Pan Francisco Call,
San Francisco— Den r Sir: Win you kindly an
nounce In the sportlns columns to-morrow, Sat
urday, April 22. that narrow-gauge trains for
Oakland, between the hours of 7 and 9 p. m..
will stop at the California Yacht Club house
for the accommodation <<( members of the club
attending the opening night festivities, upon
request to the conductors, and that the last
narrow-Rau*p train leaving Oakland at 12:15
a. in.. Sunday. April 23. will likewise mop at
the cluhhouse for the accommodation of those
returning to the city? Thanking you in antici
pation for this, I am, yours very truly,
A. M. CLAY, Commodore.
The officers and members, of the South
Bay Yacht Club have been working hard
to get the fleet ready for opening: day to
morrow (Sunday, April 23). The following
boats will be In commission: Commodore
Dr. H. A. Spencer's schooner Muriel. Port
Captain XV. B. Artley's schooner Dawn,
J. E. Auzerais' sloop Papoose, Louis Son
niksen's sloop Feu Follet: ex-Commodore
J. O. McKee'a sloop Wanderer; the sloops
Espey. Two Sisters and Cisne, the cat
boats Cloud and Abbie Nell. Frank Davis'
launch Frank D. Coykendall & Sons'
launch A C. and the launch Alvlso. The
South Bay Yacht Club is about to Issue a
book containing a wig-wag 1 signal code and
the rules of the road in a convenient and
handy form: The book has. been prepared
by the committee on signals, which con
sists of Curtis M. Barker, J. E. Auzerais
and S. E. Smith.
HIGH JINKS FOR NATIVES.
Stanford Parlor Will Entertain Dele-
gates to the Grand Parlor This
Evening.
Pursuant to an annual custom estab
lished a numbex of years ago Stanford
Parlor No. 16. Native Sons of the Golden
\Y. Bt, will entertain this evening the dele
to the Grand Parlor, who will in
large numbers be In this city on their way
to the Grand Parlor session in Salinas.
The entertainment will be in the nature of
a high jinks, to be given in th* Native
banquet hall. The committee In
charge has arranged a programme that
will surpass anything In that line ever
before giv»?n. and as the parlor never
makes any promises that it does not carry
out. It may be taken for granted by the
gruests that they will have a most enjoy
able time. One of the features will be a
cake walk.
The delegates to the Grand Parlor who
will leave for Salinas will have to take
the train that leaves Third and Townsend
streets at 9 o'clock to mi rrow as tf--
DO afternoon train on Sunday.
In the Divorce Court.
May L. Holmstrom has sued Charles M
Holmstrom for a divorce, alleging failure
to provide as a cans.' of action Suits for
divorce have also been filed by A. Edwin
Tilden against Electy E. Tilden on the
ground ot a: Cora Koblmooa
against Frederic Kohlmoos on the ground
of cruelty, and Mary I* Dunn against
James H. Dunn on the ground of failure
to provide.
i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
PAINT AND POWDER OR
NATURE'S HANDIWORK?
JUDGE GRAHAM certainly missed one of the opportunities of his life yes- "I"
terday morning. Mrs. Laura Travers, on trial for battery for having, it Is V
claimed, swatted the cheek of Attorney Plstolesi, took the stand, raised $
the brown mesh that half concealed her rosy cheeks and turning to his Honor*'
said: •«
"He referred to me as a painted woman. My color is natural. Here, take %
my handkerchief, Judge, and convince yourself. See if you can rub the bloom
off my face." . . $
His Honor declined, but drew his chair nearer to the witness and listened <h
with marked attention to the balance of her testimony. 9
On the 14th hist, in Judge Dunne's court Mrs. Travers was a witness In a
pult brought by one George W. Fletcher against her husband. When Fletcher —
was called to offer testimony in rebuttal be referred to Mrs. Travers as "a vi
painted lady." Later when Mrs. Travers met Fletcher in the corridor of the %
City Hall she led off with her right hand and struck Fletcher upon the cheek, <!
and finished off the. contest by smashing Pistolesi in the nearest corner of his &
face. Pistoles! had Mrs. Travers arrested and charged with battery, and the £
case was on trial In Department 3 of the Police Court yesterday morning. 3*
Several witnesses were called both for the defense and the prosecution, £
and they helped complicate matters by variously demonstrating the famous <§,
blow. '■, ;•'-• -.'>;-.■ £$
Pistolesi swore that Mrs. Travers "struck at him." W. P. Reed declared '<;.
under oath that "Mrs. Travers hauled off at Pistolesi," and when the Judge <$
asked "What kind of a blow?" he scientifically explained that "it was a right 5
•hand, good swing," and though Pistolesi "stopped it he came up smiling." ■9.
Travers said his. wife "made a pass at Pistolesi"; Mr. Murphy's version $
was that Mrs. Travers "attempted to strike," and George \V. Fletcher af- <*£
firmed "she hit Pistolesi and struck at me; but I did not mind, and consid- v
ered it an honor to be licked by a lady." X
Mrs. Travers, who is perhaps the best qualified to judge just what sort of %
a blow It was, referred to it as an "an upper cut," and In deference to the £
superior judgment of the lady It should bo recorded in the archives of state *j>
In that ringside fashion. ;'-.'; *£
W. P. Reed and George W. Fletcher, witnesses for Pistolesi, swore that X
without provocation Mrs. Travers struck at the attorney. Attorney Barry, '«>
John Murphy and Mr. Travels, witnesses for the defense, declared that Mrs. $
Travers struck at Fletcher; that Plstolesi caught her by the wrist and in re- &
turn received the "upper cut" that is causing all the trouble. 2;
Mrs. Travers took the stand in her own defense, and after offering her #
cheek- to judicial test she rolled up her sleeves and showed the court a discol- <£
oreo* arm, which, she claims,' is the work of the attorney. &
There is still one witness to be examined by Judge Dunne before the £.
case can be decided. Pistolesi has said he is willing to submit the case and *?
abide by the decision of Judge Dunne. 2
On the stand Barry swore that Pistolesi, as well as Fletcher, had referred .'■
in court to Mrs. Travers as the "painted woman." Pistolesi emphatically de- Q
clares that he did not, and so to-day Judge Graham will confer with Judge <£
Dunne, and if Dunne says he did, Pistoiesi loses the case; if Dunne says he V
did not, Judge Graham will render his decision to-day. -' x ■' X;
CAPT. DILLON
PAID A FINE
FOR BRUTALITY
Master of the Morgan
City Mulcted.
BEAT A MAN WITH A MAUSER
THREE HUNDRED AND FITTY
DOLLARS PENALTY.
The Gallant Captain Went to the
Transport Hotly Enraged and
Discharged the Chief
Witness.
Captain John G. Dillon, master of the
Government transport Morgan City, ap
peared before United States District
Judge de. Haven yesterday morning
nee, having been convicted on the
previous day of brutally beating a ma
rine fireman on board the transport while
tiarbor Of Nagasaki.
Judge de Haven Imposed a fine of $350
upon the gallant captain, and the captain
without any delay deposited seventeen
twenty-dollar pieces and a ten-dollar
coin on the clerk's desk and was dis
charged.
There was a hot time on the transport
•when the captain returned to the Mor
gan City. Quartermaster Redlngton was
summarily discharge-d and another mem,
ber of the crew fled from the captains
wrath and sought a job elsewhere.
The captain's story of the, beating dif
fered materially from that of his offl
cers and subordinates. His statement
was that Gus Mohr, a fireman, came into
his cabin under the Influence .if liquor
and in "a rude, boisterous and aggres
sive manner" demanded money. Upon
the captain refusing to dole out to him
any of the "root of all evil," Mohr called
him an Insulting name and struck him
with his fist on the sou'west by W< it
quarter of the jaw.
This was too much for th<' patience of
Captain Dillon and he seized a relic of
the Spanish-American war« a Ms
rifle, and with well directed nim dropped
one end of it on the nor' nor'easi quarter
- :' Mohr'B skull and floored him. knocking
him out and into a dreamless sle< .
about twenty minutes' duration.
The captain sent at once for a surgeon,
who dressed the wounds of the drunken
tin man, who was Quite sober wht-n he
hove to.
The story told by Quartermaster Red
ington and the chief engineer is some
what different. They Bwore that when
Mohr asked the captain for money the
captain knocked him. down, and while
Mohr was prone on the deck the captain
beat him on the back with the barrel of
the rifle, the butt having been broken by
the force of the first blow.
While Captain Dillon was inspiring a
wholesome terror by his presence on the
transport, Mohr was closeted with his
lawyer, the latter being engaged in draw
ing up the papers in a libel against the
owners of the Morgan City. The libel
was filed shortly before 4 o'clock in the
clerk's office of the United States Dis
trict Court.
The suit names as defendant John J.
Dillon (by whom is meant John ft. Dillon,
the captain i, and the owners, the Joseph
Laduc Mining and Development Company
ol Yukon, the same being a New Jersey
corporation, and John Harm-son. Mohr
asks for $5000 damages, alleging at the
same time that he has suffered perma
nent injury to his health and his sight
by reason of the beating he received with
the rifle.
It was reported around the water front
yesterday afternoon that Captain Dillon
will not go to Manila on the Morgan City,
and that Ills connection with that vessel
has been severed.
PRECITA VALLEY CLUB.
Extension of Electric Poles Indorsed
by the Organization.
A large and influential meeting of resi
dents and members of the Precita Valley
Improvement Club were present at the
meeting last night at Graham's Hall on
Alabama street. The club, on motion of
John T. Graham, unanimously adopted
the following; resolution:
Resolved, By the Precita Valley Improve
ment Club at Its meeting held at Graham's
Hall on Friday evening. April 21, 1833, that
this club most heartily Indorse the resolu
tion presented to the Supervisors by Super
r AttrJdfte for the privilege of extend
ing to competing electric light companies
the placing of poles in outside districts.
\\!.reby citizens can have lights from other
than one company.
And we respectfully request the other
Supervisors to co-operate with Supervisor
Attridge In the passage ot this ordinance.
A petition was> offered signed by over
fifty resident property-owners requesting
the Supervisors to take action on the fill-
Ing In of the swamps lying inside of
Twenty-fifth. Army, I'tah and Columbia
Btreeta, as toe same are injurious to th>'
health of the people who have pure!;.).- .1
rty and built homes for themselves
and their families. The deplorable condi
tion of the Bryant-street sewer was once
more brought to the attention of the city
authorities, and at the request o£ Fresi
den J. B. Vazzard a committee was ap
pointed to wait ":i the Supervisors and
urge the construction of the Bryant-strei t
sewer from Twenty-sixth to Army street.
The same committee was authorized to
request the Supervisors to rede< m their
promise In having Bernal Park filled in
and placed in condition as a recreation
gTOunda for the benefit of the people of
that section.
PREPARING TO COMPETE.
Officers of the Independent Electric
Light and Power Company
Elected.
The directors of the Independent Klec
trio Light and Power Company met yes
terday afternoon and established a per
manent organization. Officers were elect
ed for a term of one year, and the an
nouncement was made that in a very
short time, probably within v month,
actual work upon the electric plant will be
commenced. Engineer Hunt, who was
commissioned to visit Eastern cities and
make a critical examination of the best
metropolitan sj c lighting,
Is expect) d tn return on April 26. When
ngineer returns a special meeting <<t
the company directors will be called to
listen to the report. The suggestions of
the engineer will in large measure govern
the character and Bcope of the new plant,
At th<^ meeting of the board of dip
yesterdaj afternoon the following officers
w< ■■ • '■ :t< d ti • • for i>n>> year; l'nsi
dent. Claus Spreckels; vice president, John
1 >. Spreckels; treasurer, A. B. Spreckels;
secretary, J. M. Taylor.
PLACED IN CHARGE
OF THE POLICE
SUSPECTED PRESIDIO RIOTERS
IN CIVIL CUSTODY.
Their Cases Will Be Heard To-Day.
Light Charges for Serious
Offenses.
The four men identified by Rehfeld. the
Presidio saloon-keeper, as the ones who
raided his place Sunday night were turned
over to the police authorities yesterday on
warrants sworn to by Rehfeld.
The Identification of the men Is not at •
all satisfactory, as there is no one who ,
will say positively that they were in any I
way connected with the riot. Rehfeld
Bays be saw them there and that Is all,
and from the charges in the warrants,
malicious mischief and disturbing the |
peace, when arson and threats to kill i
rnipht as well have been' added, it be
comes apparent that the complainant lias
as little hope of a conviction as the mili- 1
tary or civil authorities.
The four men-are Arthur Billings, F.
Simmons, C. M. Cauder and Charles
Lesley, all of the casuals of the Four
teenth Infantry. All say they were not
near the place at the time of the riot, 1
and there are Several soldiers who will :
testify to that fact. Lesley says he was
coming home from the Chutes and was j
on Central avenue when the riot took
place and he went down there because he j
saw the house on fire. Cauclcr says he 1
was on guard and was walking his post
at the time of the riot and the others say
they were anywhere but at the trouble.
The four were taken to the Central sta
tion in the patrol wagon in charge of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jrj _j^/\ _ "A Ten Pound
WA <$&f *°y"
*%? /-' #f <K*s?\V. \ #7 Many women
'' ■".£ "f '■'%&»* >S*i>>' > ''- seem to have
' '.Mjjk* 2r# been denied the
Vv^^^WJß^r^ 1^ of
r^VVT im^TO^gyf motherhood be-
V^^l-rNw' ' S^w cause of some
VZSJI^rL: ' V^ >iweakened con-
vMnL MK&fc*fr: n> h Vdition of the
yIK 3 ftpecial , or F an -
r^WWlfl */W i ' s m which
\^y^>v\/\EM^s^3Ss^/ makes other-
* AjjJjtt/fe^ - TB?"' ! y%hood possible;
' *r^r^ ' \**^*>ut in the great
'Ws£//W '• wv majority of
Was? ' ' vn\ cases such a
w 'j )' V\ difficulty is not
' )•.Vi A by any means
incurable. In thousands of instances Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription, by restoring
the natural, healthy condition of the organs
distinctly feminine has been the means of
conferring upon childless women the one
inestimable blessing.
A Georgia clergyman. Rev. G. H. Akridge, of
Pelham, Mitchell Co.. Ga.. in a letter written to
Dr. Pierce, says: "We had been married six
years without offspring, when my wife com-
menced taking Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion. I then ■wrote to you' for advice, and your
instructions were to give ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery ' alternately with the ' Favorite Prescrip,-
tion.' This we did. The result is restoration of
my wife to good health and a ten pound boy. In
honor of the world-famed Dr. Pierce, I have
named him Pierce. ' Favorite Prescription ' is
certainly the medicine for invalid women."
The vast experience and skill which Dr.
Pierce has acquired during his thirty years'
practice as chief consulting physician to
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
of Buffalo. N.Y., has made his name known
and his medicines recognized as standard
remedies in every civilized country on the
globe. His great thousand-page illustrated
book, the "People's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser" has had the greatest sale of
any medical work in any language. A free
edition has been published and a paper-
bound copy will be sent to any family ab-
solutely without charge except the mere
cost of mailing which is 21 one-cent stamps.
Send these with your address to the
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
Buffalo, N.Y., or if preferred send 31 stamp*
for a heavier cloth-bound copy.
A man or woman who neglects constipa-
tion suffers from slow poisoning. Doctor
Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure . constipa
tion. One little " Pellet . is a gentle laxa-
tive, and two a mild cathartic All medi-
cine dealers. . .
Sergeant of Police Anderson and two po
licemen. Their casts will be heard be
fore Judge Graham ihis morning.
EVENING WITH LYDIA D. JACOB
A Delightful Entertainment at Grace
M. E. Church.
The people of the Mission were given a
treat at the (Srace M. E. Church last
evening. Lydla D. Jacob, the elocution
ist, charmed a large and appreciative au
dience, each member of which was cer
tain that the lady's "last" number was
"the b<
Miss Jacob first gave "The "Widow Bel
lamy's Kxperience in a New York Ho
tel" in such a naive and graceful man
ner as to win an enthusiastic recall and
a number of floral tributes. She fol
lowed this with a reading, "To the Mem
ory of Patrick Connor." This number
Bhowed.the lady In a new light, and the
ia of the story brought tears to the
eyes of nearly every woman in the au
dience. "The Humors of Elocution"
showed the elocutionist's skill in dialect,
but with "Ben Hur's Chariot Race" she
electrified the audience. They followed
the contest with breathless attention,
and when Hen Hur won they rejoiced
with him and encored Miss Jacob.
"Aunt Stutslnalser's Philosophy" gave
Professor Cyrus Brownlee , Newton a
chance to show his ability as an inper-
Bonator, and in a sketch called "The Si
' lent System" he deepened the good im
presjsion he had made. Tn the latter
I number he was assisted by Miss Noble.
The other numbers on list- programme
! were two barytone solos by Airt La Faille,
two soprano solos by Alice M. Armstrong
, and a violin solo by Miss May E.
Walker.
WITTMAN AGAIN TESTIFIES
More Facts Brought to Light in the
Jockey Club Case.
All day yesterday officers who assisted
Chief l^ees In putting a quietus on gam
bling at [ngleside testified in the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club case. Captain "Wttt
man occupied the stand most of the day,
his testimony being in the same line as
that of the day before, when he told how
In obedience to orders issued by Chief
Lees the police entered the track and ar
. those who attempted to violate the
gambling ordinance.
Attorney Ach puts much stress on the
acts of the police in breaking up gather
of track patrons around the pool' 1
boxes when the people In such gatherings
were doing nothing but hunt the police
and devising ways and means by which
they could wager on the races and es
cape arrest. Mr. Ach contends that such
acts on the part of thr police were "the
personification of nerve and without war
rant," but the testimony shows that such
gatherings were broken up to prevent
hand-booking. When Wittman left the
stand Sergeant Helms was called to tes
tify as To various incidents of the days
of the raids, tie had not finished his tes
timony when the case went over.
THE POOLSELLING CASES.
All Those on Judge Mogan's Calendar
Continued Till Wednesday
to Be Set.
When the case of IT. L. Jones, bookmak
er, arrested at the Ingrles track
under the recent ordinance against pool
selling, was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday Attorney Ach for i ;
fendant moved for a dismissal of the
'■ on the ground that on the trial a -week
. ago the jury stood ten for acquittal. The
Judge promptly denied the motion and
continued the case and the other cas
, his calendar till Wednesday to be se"t for
■ trial.
Judge suggested to Ach that Judge
m should i"- called upon to try one
df the cases In his court ana, as they were
to come up Monday to l»- act, the oppor
tunity should In- t;ik'-n till ■ t one
of the casi b. Ach promisi d to do so.
THE FIGHT FOR DECENCY.
Closing Scene Enacted by the Pining
of Kollman and Levy by-
Judge Graham.
Tiic last scene In the fight for decency
urated by The Call against the ex
hibition of lnd< ires i:i phono
graph parlors was enacted In Judge Gra
court yesterday morning, when M.
Kollman and M. S. Levy appeared for sen-
The Judge, in view of the fact that
Kollman was- going out of business
Levy had promised to submit all pictures
in future to Secretary Kane, who made
the ar ■ dhe would Impose a fine
of $10 "ii each of the defendants, as had
done In 1 1 >urt, and he or-
I that all the pictures seized be de
stroyed.
Swallowed His False Teeth.
A man recently swallowed his false teeth
and It drove him mad. Stomachs will stand
a Rreat deal, but not everything . If yours Is
weak try Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It cures
Indigestion, constipation, kidney and liver
troubles, as well us malaria and fever nnd
ague. It Is particularly effective in all nervous
affections, anil is strong!) recommended at this
season of the year, when the system Is run
down and most susceptible to disease. All
drUK^lsts keep It. :■" -
BROWNS the voice,
E3Bf.AB£*LESAI Relieve
DnUllUniAL the throat,
TRflf*EJg?Q of Cure coughs
I llUi? IfibVßostcn and colds.
IBsO— ln boxes only— l SOS
*|fcg£sipi§§s3B| RUPTURE,
Ws-p<*. C/V' J&M U6E NO MORE IRON
}&»^^**<rSsr Hoops or Steel Sprlnrs.
PI RUPTURE.
I USE NO MORE IRON
Hoops or Steel Springs.
Rupture retained with rau
H.^'JSbßv'c- and comfort, and thousand* radi-
H fok cal 'y CURED by DR. PIERCK'3
«. /Jst Ma K D(? tlc Elastic Trusa. ICT Call at ■
c f flee or write for New Pamphlet No. U
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
CO Market •t-.opp. Palace Hotel. SanFranclaco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, Luc to }1 60 day;
$5 to tS week; $J> to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; tire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •7:2O, '9:30, 11:00 a, m. »1:45,
2:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. i
SUNDAYS — *8:00, »10:00, •11:30 a. m. ; *1:15,
8:00, •4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
'WEEK DAYS — 6:25, *6:», 7:45, »9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, »8:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20, »S:00, '10:00, *11:55 a. m ■
•1:15. •3:10, 4:40, '6:20 p. m.
Trains marked" • start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20, 320
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Mills and way eta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUID
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY."
From Jan. 85. 1899, trains wilt run as follows!
' South-bound. [ North-bound.
fasaen- Mixed. Mixed. Pasian^
per. Sunday Stations. Sunday e»r
Dfc»y- Exc'ptd . Exc'ptd Dally.
' 7;20 am 10:30 am Stockton •» 3:45 pmTooTS
»:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 13:40 pm 4:13 pS
10:40 am; $ :3S . pm, Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 hra
i"« am A :4 ° pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
I* m 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
mJkS 10 S : H Pn vlsalJa 6:40 am I:2J p£
12:15 pm 6:E3 pm! Tulare 5:50 am 1:06 pnj
J Stopping at Intermediate points as required '
, For particulars of staff* and other connection*
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave. Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11. ISSS: wmj *
Week Days— a. m., 1:46 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, U. .
. THOB OPOK & SON, ■ Asents, tax Marks*
(BUtkJ&B Jisa.^lMfe .■ . . .
GREAT MODERN REMEDY!
Paine's Celery Compound Has Driven Out the
Old-Fashioned Cure-Ails.
The old-timo tonics, sarsaparillas. ner-
vints and haphazard remedies of our
forefathers won't do in the spring of
Your great grandmother didn't take
Paine's celery compound any more than,
she used the electric light or the tele-
graph.
But her children and grandchildren, the.
grown-up men and women of to-day, are
taking this great modern spring remedy
and getting rid ■■•'. diseases that the old,
unscientific preparations made no impres-
sion on— and are making no impression on.
to-day.
Paine's celery compound has as little in
common with any of these obsolete reme-
dies as modern, life-saving antiseptic sur-
gery has with the practice of a few years
ago, which was attended with so f.-arful
•h rate. The half a century that has
elapsed since these old-fashioned i
dies were formulated has been the most
fruitful years in medical discovery. It
has witnessed the discovery of the most
effective medicine the world has ever
known. As a remedy for blood and nerves
Paine's celery compound has been wel-
comed by physicians, prescribed and pub-
licly recommended. No remedy has ever
approached Palne's celery compound in
its wonderful succpss with diseases and
ailments due to nervous debility and im-
pure blood.
Paine's celery rompntind is as unlike any
remedy that had gone before it. and as
superior to Its nearest rival, as the gTeat
blight is to the tallow dip. It is not
a mere improvement nor a development of
RAILROAD TRAVEL. j
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND- NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Firry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a, m. 12:35, |
8:80, 9.10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip !
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. r.,| 1:30, 3:30, j
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DAYS— B:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:16 and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:«. 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:49, 6:05,
8:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen, Park
came schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect ■ San Francrsco.
• —I April 16, 1 .
Week Sun- | ls»9. Sun- ; Week
Days. days. | Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 3:00 am 1 Novato, 10:40 am | S:4O ara
3:30 pm, 9:30 am : Petaluma^ 6:05 pm 10: am
6:10 prh 5:00 pmj Santa K<;su. i ":35 pm. 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am \Y!nd«n->r, 10:25 am
Healdibur?,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:80 pm 3:00 am; Oloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:80 am Hopland and j 10:25 ara
3:30 pm| 8:00 am; Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
■^__— . j. : m (
7:30 am 10:25 am i
; 8:00 ami Ouerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm : _ J 6:20 pra
7:30 am( 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ara '
and i
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm! 6:20 pm :
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebaatopol. 110:40 am 10:25 ara I
8:30 pm 5:00 pml I 7:35 pm, 6:20 pra I
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Ska«e«
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring? !
Kelseyvtlle. Carlsbad Springs,; Soda Bay Lake- !
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vlchr '
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel i
Del! Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pom» ,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's' '
Buckneirs, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle' '
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs'
Kavarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River' '
Ott"s Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg'
Westport, Usal. Willitts. Laytonville Cum-
Wing's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's Dyer
Scotia and Eureka, *
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points '■
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
H^W^T^G 650 ***" ■*■■ R^R l^ !
.General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. 1
California
limited
Santa re Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San '
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. tho
following Thursday, Saturday !
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday i
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR, Ob- j
servation Car and Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express. **
m FBAIGISCO.TICtEroFTICE — iZI market si,
TELEPHONE MAIN ML
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
. . Saoramento Office— 2ol / Streat.
j -fiw Joa» O^^3LlKfiai,-fi»ai]pi4x»_S||
any of the old-fashioned remedies. It la
a totally new departure in the cure of
blood and nerve diseases, and cures where
remedies fail. I I embodies
the newest investigations into the source
of these diseases.
And that is the reason why Paine's cel-
ery compound is the most successful rem-
edy in the world.
The following letter from Miss Louise
Wolcott, one of the officials of the Daugh-
ters of the American Revolution, shows
the estimation in which Paine's celery
compound is held by persons who have
. it:
NEW YORK, Fob. 21, 1599.
Messrs. "Wells, Richardson & Co.,
Gentlemen — Having for BeveraJ years
been subjected to heavy strain on my ner-
vous system and feeling utterly worn out
and discouraged, after consultation with
my physician, I began tiding Paine's cel-
ery compound, and am only too glad to
add my testimony to the many thousands
you already have of Its efficacy in rebuild-
ing the nervous system. I now feel like
eh entirely different person.
¥cry truly yours,
LOUISE WOLCOTT.
"Were it possible to keep the nerves al-
ways strong and in cairn working order,
j few parsons would know what it is t.' be
; ill; but with the changes In climate, work
and worry and the ".-hut-in" life all win-
ter, nerveo re, more or less seri-
ous, are unavoidable. Paine's celery com-
pound should be in every household, that
■ there may lay In regulating the
; nerves when they become irritable, poorly
nourished and are wearing out the
j strength of the whole body.
. RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN tint tO.MKAST.
(PACiriC HVSTKM.)
Train* !e»*e and lire due to arrive •■
■AH riUMI'IS(:».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arritb
•O:OOa Mies. San Jose and Way Station •8:45 a
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. ... B<4sp
7:OOa Marys*;;:-, Orotilieand Redding Tls
Woodlnnd 8:48p
T:OO\ F.lmira, VacariUe and Ramsey 8:45 p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vailejo. Napa,
' Oalistoga and Santa Rosa Bilsf
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and East.. li4sp
. BiUO* Sail Jose, LiTermore, .Stock ton,
lone, Hacrameuto, Flacerrille,
MRrysfiMe. Chico. Ked KlulT 4:1.1p
Bi3oa 'Milton, Oak dale and Sonort, 4i13?
0:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced * nd Freano IStiSp
• :Ooa Fresno, BakcnLeUl, Hant-i Harliara,
Los Angeles, Demlng, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East 6:45 p
1 0:00 v Vailfjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43*
I2:OOm Niles, Liremore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Mendota, Hanford, Visalla,
. Pcrterrille 4il§*
•l:OOp Sacramento lM»er Steamers •BtO*p
«:«llp Martinez, San Ra:uoii, Vallejo,
- Kspa, Oali.itoga. Santa Rosa S:l3a
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
M»rjsvi!le. Ororllle 10:43 a
4i»opNUes, San Jose aud Stockton 7:1
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 18:1 3 p
s:o«pThe Owl. Fresno, Bakersfield. San-
ta Barbara. Los Angeles 9:43 a
V>ioof Pacific Coast Limited. El Pmo,
Fort Worth. Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East {8:48 a
8:80p Stockton, Meroed. Frejno 18:13?
5:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mnjare and l.m Angeles B<43a
siB»p Santa Ke Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojhtp anil Must 8:43
6iOOi-rnr.}pe»n Mail. Ogden and l'aat.... 9:4."» a
6:00p wards. and San Jose 7*45*.
••:««!■ Vallejo 18il8r
7:««p Oregon Kxpreas.Hacratneuto, Marys-
Aiilo. Roltling, rurtlaiul, rnget
Bound and Hut ;.... Ti4SA
t*:OOp Vallejo, Port CO4U and Way Sta-
tions 1 0:30r
1 1 0:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paio, New Orleans
and East :i:!3p
SAN LKAMIKO AND HATWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Jlflro-e. Semlnnrr Park, 7 fl . |ff .
8:OOa Kitclilnirst, Klmliurst, jm>:l3.v
i9:ooa San liPainlro, Sonth San i>9:43a
lo.ooa Leandro, K«tntlil!o, 10:43 a
i II :OOa I-oreit7.o. Cherry { 111 :43 a
<J:«Or and ia:l3p
'• OOp i Runs through to Nile* *«*•*
) t From Nlles. ( 7i43p
COAST lUVInIOX (Narroir (iaage).
(Foot of Market Street.) '
:7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa ~"~
. .. »- Cruz and Principal Way Stations 18iO9r
Bsl3A>ewark.CenterTille.SanJoe9 Felton
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
.___ Stations 3i3op
2«I8p Newark. CenterTille, Sari Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
.._ SUtious I ; *I0:30a
«:lap Ban Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
.. ,_ _ tion«  9j2Oa
64: 13p Felton, Santa Cnir and Way Sta.
_^_ tious /B:2Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrraSlß FRkTiCIFCO— Foot .f Market Street (Slip 8)-
-•t£ J :0 ° 11:00 *- M - 11:03 2:33 t3:39
M:O3 • t5:00 »B:C3r.ii.
' r l™°iJ UllD f"o«»»fBr«»dw«T.— -6:00 8:00 10:00 a. K.
t!8:03 »I:QQ t8:00 ; 3:C5 ti:QQ »S:OOr.M.
COAST DIVISION (BroidG«BM)!
■ (Third and Townsend Sta.)
•6:10 a South Ban Francisco . «a-30p
•««OOASan Jose M .1 Way Stations (New
it an „ A1 '"» <le " Wednesdays only) l:30p
I - :80a Sunday Kxcurslou for San Jose,
Sant* Cm/, Pudflc GroT<> and
_ .- „ Principal Way Stations :8:83F
9jooa San Jose. Tres Pinos, Santa Crux,
Paolßo Grove, Paso Rubles Hut
Luis OliisiMi, Guadalupe. Surf and
,_'« l'rineirwl Way .Stations 4:l»r
■«:««»« "»u Jose niid Way Stations . ««i:«0A
•t' *ii* Ban J " '"' w »r Stations Si3OP
«i43i>Saii Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, .San .lone.
Gllroy, Hollist«r. Bant* Cm*.
Salinas, Monterey and Pacitio
firote , •|O:3Bi
San. lnge and Way Stations «!»:OOa
*l:13r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:4S >
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:30*
3:<top San Jose ami Principal Way .Stations '8:»3A
«:8«r San Jose and Way Stations. 7:80p
Ml:4sp Sau Jose and Way Stations.. 7:! tUp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunrtavs excepted. { Sunday only. Satimlayi oull.
*V Mondays only. ' - (Saturday and Sua'UJ. -~
_ VSwuUr uudMundajr... - -wCOLLEGE MEN
ON THE TRACK
AND THE FIELD
To-Day ? s Champion
ship Games.
CALIFORNIA PICKED TO WIN
BERKELEY CINDER PATH THE
SCEXE OF BATTLE.
iations for a Large Crowd
From This City and Neighboring
Towns — Big Delegation of
Stanford Students.
■
■
■
-
■
-■
■
■
- •
-
-
■
■
■
■
-
- - -
BRINGS A CARGO OF JUTE BAGS.
•-p HE British ship Sierra Nevada arrived from Calcutta last Thursday
night -with a full cargo of grain sacks. This will be welcome news
* to the farmers, as it will keep the price of bags from going up to
a prohibitive figure. The Sierra Nevada made a long passage, being
delayed by light and contrary winds.
| ARE YOU A WEAK MAN ? I
I — — ' I
a v»^^S D° TOT* REALIZE THAT YOU "♦■
1 - JU<A^ 4 are not the man you should be ®
X^3W "^^ *l yo "r, » s .t, ? Do >-°v find your +
| "/ea^afn^h^fLrK^fp! 5
? m- -■* \ W» T^S JW Pil ! e , the er> ' !if " and ambition ®
± . SJT '?SK-i*£W out of you? Does this knowledge ♦
>Sti«f^V.*-jr MElr mar your life? Then it Is time for 1
* '. -^ JgSF*^ you to look seriously to your *
£ . ■» ■ ♦' fW. health. You need such a remedy *
i •^»<fefl^-*«B<r/« f* Dr Sanden's Electric Belt. ,£
-»■ »41q?.'- '(V/^' ■ aKo from whlch y° u ran absorb new X
t f&!&V*l/fu- J&JLg&A strength and vitality. it is a«• ■
■^ ' *v«jCSViSj! ™— —^«^'fc>J^- grand remedy for any one who Is X
* weak in vitality, from whatever ®
6J cause. -f
I Weakness Cured in Six Weeks. §
Weakness Cured in Six Weeks.
® DR. -A NT* EN- Dear Sir: Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and lam proud to $
+ cay that it has helped me wonderfully. My back doesn't bother me. and the raricos* «
® r^H n " ar ',^ ly noticeable. The drains have almost etopped. lam much improved Z
2. and am glad to say the rupture is one-third the size it was before usinr th« Belt' €
♦ The B-:t has done all you claimed for It. I remain yours truly. * U " +
® J. W. RICHARDS, Virginia City. N>v. (£
! DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. ?
5 To men who are weak Dr. Sandeh's Electric Belt is worth Its weight in
± gold. It Pives new Ufe to the weak nerves and restores the most pr?Ao-iS *
I fdrTls book ' P ° Wer ' y ° U are Weak call and see Dr - Sand or send |
I READ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." I
i , T hl ?.i a rand book iO , weak men, and all men suffering from the failure I
@ of vitality in any organ of the body. It is full of Joyous news to weak men I
£ It is free. Try Dr. Sanden Electric Belt if you are weak. Call or address, i
I dr. M. A. Mclaughlin, sehd FO * my book, A
* 702 .Market St.. cor. Ke.rn,. 8. P. THrtBB CLASSES OF MEN." %
Or 2<M ; South Broadway. Los Angeles. (?
± Office Hours— S a. m. to »:30 p. m . Sunday*. IT IS MAILED FREE. -♦
® 10 to 1. NEVEH SOLD IN DRUG STORES. (J
Bowman. Culver, Stroutt. Plmonds. Pole and
Murphy.
.rd hurdle— California: P. Bagwell,
Parker. Btanf - Culver.
Hroad jump— California: Bmujrhton. Hussy,
Parker, Service. Stanford: Culver. Dole. Hop-
Per. Fl?h«T.
Hlgrh Jump— California: Hoffman. WooMey,
Bakewell. PowelL Stanford: Bonnet, Doyle,
B.iyd. Murphy.
vault— California: Hoffman, Zfid^nnan.
Dole, Culver. Fo«ter.
■ rnta: Wooliey. <.»rel?ber».
Plaw ar.d Clay. Stanford: Cairns. Hooper.
Hammer 'hrow— California: Pl*w, Grelsbers,
Alberts., n. Smith. Stanford: Hooper. K.ce,
Natter
The Berkeley mpr. anticipate the, break
ing of tho hamm-r-t browing: record. Out
side of this i! Is very doubtful If any other
[stanced or time
Stanford university April 21.—
The SI ■ -.will leave to
■ the train which
- a. m. Captain
g m it his men across the bay
t- ranclsco.
They - rtained at Berkeley by
the Sigma Nu fraternity. The men are
all i- '■■ the excep
tion ■ - ■ s sun
. the mile
■v-..k T'rom the grip.
FASTER THAN HARES.
Dops That Will Show at the Union
Park Meeting To-Day and
To-Morrow.
All coursing records again went glim
mering this week. A total of 120 dogs
will course at ■ion Park to-day and to- I
morrow; and this number of nominations '
for two days' coursing exceeds all pre- '
vious records. Twenty-four fashionably :
bred youngsters were entered In the sap
ling stake- and the first pair will go to
the slips to-day promptly at 11 o'clock
and the stake will be run down twice be
fore iece=s. On the arrival of the 12:55 j
train from the city the open stake will be j
run down once.
The open stake has twenty-six nomlna- !
tions and all of the very best cracks in !
the State are in the running. Connemara j
and Prince Hal are expected by the "wise j
ones" to right it out in the final, but as ;
more than fifty of the dogs entered have j
at various times been stake winners. it j
looks to the average coursing man that:
the ultimate winner of the big stake is j
an open question.
The Union Park management propose !
npxt week to have three great days' sport, j
as Governor Gage has declared Monday, ;
May 1. a legal holiday. One thousand dol- j
Kirs will be added and the prizes will be j
exceedingly liberal. Two stakes will be j
run — a non-winners' and a class s,take, |
with an entrance fee of 12 SO in the former i
and $5 in the latter. Dogs winning one
cduree In the reserve stake will receive :
$7 50. the second Jl2 50 and other prizes in |
proportion. First prize HOO, second JBO. J
The class stake will be worth winning— i
first prize 5125. second $\M. third $ia and !
the winner of one course $10. These prizes |
will be offered on a basis of ninety-six j
does in the reserve !tak< and forty or
forty-eight in the open stake.
Wasp Stings.
The inflation of Hawaiian stocks is the rob
ject of a cartoon an>l a financial article In the
Wasp this weelc. Tabitha Twlgrga in '-The Old
Ma.d Diary" tdl? about how ?-^i«ty b<?lles tip-'
pi* TVer* "are some splendid sh^rt stories In the
Wasp this week and several pace? of pungent
paragraphs on politicians and their doings. The
half-tone illustrations are as usual remark
ably fine. The theaters are criticized without
regard for th-? feeiinss of actors or managers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
OUTSIDERS IN
THE BETTING WERE
OUT ON PARADE
But Two Choices First
at Oakland.
MOCORITO HAD MANY FRIENDS
NED DENNIS AND GUSTO BEAT
EN BY FLAMORA.
Rosinante Enjoyed a Cake Walk.
Recreation No Longer a Stake
Mare — Bliss Rucker in
Front at Long Odds.
There was a perfect deluge of winning
outsider? at Oakland yesterday and in
most instances the books profited by
their victories. Rosinante and Mocortto
of the entire array of favorites secured
brackets.
A plunge was made on the latter mare
to -win the opening sprint, sending her to
the post favorite. The mare had Mc-
Nichols on her back and proved way the
best. Getting away none too well. Mc-
Nichols managed to get cut off on a
couple of occasions, and then sailing
through the bunch led Jim Brownell over
the mark a length.
There were a number of cutaways In
the six furlong dash following. Bessie
Lee, Roulette and Bueno all being 1 heav- j
lly played. When the barrier was re- '
Marklin. on the first named mare,
showed in front, and. leading throughout. !
won hard-ridden from Jerilderio, which I
ramp very fast from the rear of the \
bunch. Roulette Wheel ran third after
closing favorite.
In the rush to ba<~k Ned Dennis and j
Bret and second choice. re
■ vely, for the two-year-old spin, the
-■ • ■ Ij Flamora was almost entirely over- ■
looked. The first two named raced away
in the lead and. tiring at the end. allowed
In. on Flamora. to get through on
the inside and win by oyer a length, j
Gusto downed Dennis a neck for the !
place. The winner closed at odds of 6
I '
Jimmy <"• offer entered his mare, Ro- I
sir.ante. in the mile and a sixteenth event,
to be ?nid for (300, and as she entirely out-
I 3 to 5 looked a long- price.
Jenkins, who had the mount, trailed his
field to th- 3 stretch and then skimmir.s
to the front defeated Orossmolina and
Guilder with apparent ease.
m T to 5 the price against Recrea
tion in the betting on the ml!" selling
run was hammered down to even money,
she proved a disappointment. lead
ing int ■ stretch with a comfortable
the mare quit badly when chal
flnishing third. Glen Ann. with
op and 15 to 1 in the ring, experi
■ in leading out the sec
ond choice. Lost Girl, for the long end I
of the purse.
Naranja. the entry of "Plunger" Mc
-. which had first call In the betting
on the final six furling sprint, failed to !
get a call. Joe Weber hustled Bliss Ruck- i
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. Friday, April 21. 1899.— Seventy-sixth
day of the winter meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
JOSEPH A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge.
JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
1010 FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
I I , Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. 4m. 4m. 4m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
732 Mocorito. • 10117 ... 54 ... 5 2 11 (McNichols ... 3 2
991 Jim pi- wroell, 4....1«6|l ... 4. ... 3 2 2ns (Bulz 4 5
954 Jim Boseman, 8. ...107) 4 ... 3 4 ... lh 3 3 (Macklin 6 9-2
R96 Roadwarmer. fi 1061 3 ... 1 h ... 2 4 4 4 Ames 3 6
969 Santa Lucia 5..... .104! 8 ... 4 2 ... 4 h 5 1 ißassinger .... 20 41
926 Petrarch, 6 109; « ... 7 h ... 7 1 6 2 Glover 15 25
596 .raoiav 4 I'll 11 ... 11 2 ... 9 1 7 4 W. See « 10
59 Sierra Blancp, 4... .103: 5 ... 5 4 ... fil 8 2 Jenkins 6 12
998 McPryor. 6 106112 ... 12 ... 12 9 3 IDingley ... FK) 100
963 Spry Lark. 5 107 9 ... 10 3 ... 10 2 10 2 IF. Bennett.... 20 40
969 3myle, 4 103 2 ... 2 1 ... «2 11 2 iE. Jones _ 20
554 Little T G. 4 101 10 ... 9 1 ... 11 12 Holmes 15 15
Time— 4. 124 4. 884 4. 1:02. Winner. F. W. Ellis' eh. m. by Amtgo-Santa Monica.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner was much the best. Cut off badly during the early stages of the running. Boze-
man stopped last part. Roadwarmer won't do. Santa Lucia will win.
Scratched— Lomo I 8, Melvln Burnham 106, Paul Kruger 106.
4m.
4 m.
Str.
Fin.
1011 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
I
Index. Horse. A*« Welght.lSt.
7<l« Bessie Lee. 4 1071 3
888 JerUderto. 5 107111
07* Colonial Dame. 4.. .104! 1
810 Roulette Wheel. 4.. 104! 2
950 The : tiger, 6 — "'■ '
?9S The Last. 4 11l 7
loofi -'-nttz. a 113 4
977 Ovaro, 4 106! 0
99* eno, a 1091 :
867 Nlihau. 4 lOfil fi
922 Joe Cotton, a 10910
(St.
4 m.
4 m.
4m.
1 4
8 2
3 3
2 4
4 h
7 1
11
I 4
9 1
* 4
10 5
4m.
4m.
1 3
6 4
3 3
2 4
4 2
« 3
10
9 4
fi 2
" 4
11
4m.
Str.
1 14
5 4
2 4
3 1
4 4
7 1
fi 1
9 4
■'-■" « 2-*
10 8
11
Str.
Fin.
I I Rett!
Fin. I Jockeys. [Op.
1 % Macklin I fi~
2 4 (J. Reiff 3
3 n 'E. Jones ' 5-2
4 4 'Jenkins J 5
- 8 3. Brown jl5
c 4 Ames ' fi
7 ' Glover ' «
8 4 ! Romero I 50
9fi ICoburn I l.i
10 10 tV Narvaez..! 20
11 IPlngTey ' 30
Jockeys.
(Op.
:lne.
a.
6
9-2
5-2
80
- 18
10
so
8
30
75
Time— 4. 24*.: 4. BO: 4. 1:154- Winner, J. Sherry's b. m. by Imp. C_esterfl«
B. Good start. Won first three driving;.
Jerllderio with a better ride would have won. Roulette Wheel stopped spinning too
soon. Bueno sulked.
Scratched— Melkarth 106.
IAIQ THIRD RACK— furlongs: two-year-olds; purs* $350.
Index.
Horse.
Weight.
l 4 m
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Rett
Op.
ting.
Cl.
921 imora 11" 2
Omvn Gusto 1131 3
(IS7) Ned Dennis 1031 4
Mi Rose of Hllc .... ion' 1
inon Champion Rose 90' fi
'.:- The Scot 100' 7
933 Orpiment IOOj 5
:::
. ••■•
'.v.
3 4
•Wti i;t'
23
4 1
mfi4
7
54
3 4
1 4
2 2
4 4
R 3
7
fi 3
1 4 'Macklin ......( 4 5
2 n lE. .Tones ' 7-. 1.3-10
3 « I.T. Reiff........! 1 n-in
4 3 Jenkins I 30 40
5 4 IW. Stewart...! 40 .so
* 2 Holmes j 40 1-1
7 "Devin | 4" MO
Time— 4. -24: 4. :4K*i. Winner. E. W. Purser's eh. f. by Flambeau-Fannie Lewis. Good
start. Won first three drivlnsr.
Flarnora was fortunate in getting through next the rail. Gusto stood a hard drive.
Scratched— Catulus 93. Bathos 11*. Galen» 80, Miss Vera ion. Lorelto 90. Moana 90
IAIQ FOURTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling-; three-year-olds and upward-
lUlOi purse. $400.
- " ,1
.1
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight St. Std. 4m.
. 4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(Op.
973 Roslnante. 5 MR! J 7 «4 1v.7-"l- SH .In 1 14 1 Jentr*n a I 1-2 3.5
<Wfi Crossmollna, 3 96! 1 1 h 1 4 2 U JU 14 2 1 l.Toe Weber....' IS 30
1001 Guilder, 4 I"3' 631 7 34 2 1 31 34 IMcNlcbols ...I 5 9
tn deponent, 4 1031 4 4 4 514 6 1 4 h R 2 4.3 I.T. Reiff ! 5 ____
649 Moringa. 4 V*\ 8 21 34 st« 6462 53 Ruiz ! in n
fits Einstein. 4 103 3 61 21 14 14 44 «2 IBassinger ...J 10 jg
888 Hohenzollern. 5 110' 7 Sh 4h 447 7 7 Snider ..! m 25
Time— l-16. :064: 5-16. :314: 9-lfi :B«4; 13-Ifi. 1-224: mile, 1:49: 1 l-16m, I:4*. Winner. ,T.
Coffey's eh. m. by Imp. Charaxus-Ethie. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv-
ing.
Winner outclassed her company. Crossmollna well ridden. Too far for Opponent
Hohenzollern seems to sulk. Moringa has lost his form.
Scratched— Don Vallejo 107. Castake 103. Rapido 107, Jennie Reld 89. Robert Bonner 157
Major Booker 103.
I(\\ A FIFTH RACE— One mile;
and upward; purse, $400.
1
Index. Horse Age. Welght.lSt.
4m.
4m.
4m.
Str.
Fin. I
Jockeys.
rop
line-.
ci.
e«e Glen Anne. 4... 1091 «
MB Lost Old, 5 It? 2
f!W> Recreation. 4 l»l I
9«l Alicia. « 112' «
f9*fi) notore 5 i 1 2 3
''"•- Bonito. 4 10*! 7
«*4 Bonnie Tone. 4 in*' 1
975 Rosemaid, < IPS I 5
. fi .2
3h
1 n
5 1
1 14
ft
7 1
._!___
< 4
5 3
1 h
3 2
7 h
7 1
«
_J 2
2 h
5 3
1 1
8 4
4 U
fi 2
7 1
8
14
3 2
2 1
5 2
* 4
6 3
7 4
8
1 1
! h
3 «
4 I
5 2
fi S
7 3
■ 8
'Glover ' in
lE. Jones ' 2
'Pullman .. ! "7.5
'Macklin ' _(
I.Tenktns .... I A
McNichols ...I in
'Hal 8r0wn. ..1 30
iKlley j 40
12
3
1
20
fi
1?
ion
150
Time— 4. :26; 4. :50: 4. 1:1«: mile. 1:42. Winner. J. Sullivan's b. m. by Imp St An-
drew-Glencola. Fair start. Won first three driving. *-!,,-,
Winner almost left at post. Lost Girl did not run kindly. Recreation tossed It up
IQlff SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
: purse, 886 ft
Index. Horse. Are Weight
4m. '
4m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
'Op.
CL
s'* Bliss Rucker. 4 10914 2 1 IB 15 '.Toe Weber I B in
997 Fleming. 4 10*1 1 ... ... 4U 44 2 2 lw. Narvae'." a j"
**< Pevoy. 4 113' 3 8 4 5 1 314 'Hahn ' fi , 2
9so Henry C. 4 loo 1 7 ... ... 6 4 3 4 44 < 'c.)ov»r . I 3 ' _
9fi9 Alvero. « 100' 6 10 in 51 Itv. Stewart'" I 40 inn
/977) Thyne. 4 113111 11 11 n; v„n, n "■ ** 1 ™
537 Naranja 5 107! 9 ... ... 8 1 8 72 (Jenkins.'. "l » its
m Crawford, a ,00! 5 914 9 S3 r>;,w ! J *?
m Mainbar. 4 113! «.;;..:. ... 5 4 7 94 iMcNlchoVs ' t t_
TM Pongo. 4 loo' 2 ... ... lh 2h 10 'Ho|™.« TV „ "
978 University, a 111110 ... ... 7 1 6 1 11 ißoulller ....'.'/ 30 100
Tlme-4. :244: 4. •'«: 4. 1:15. Winner, M J. Daly's br. h. by Salvator-Iris. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving. ' .
Rucker ran away from his field. Naranja had no speed. Pongo had shown fast work.
Scratched— February. 107. . ; . .....
er. a 10 to 1 shot, off in the lead, and go
ing away at the wire won hands down
from Fleming, another long shot. The
winner was 10 to 1 at post time.
Track Notes.
Jockey Bullman has arrived from his
trip to Montana. He accepted the mount
on Recreation and was warmly greeted
by the crowd. Bullman states that the
Anaconda racetrack has been torn up and
that a smelter will be erected on the site.
Before leaving for New York on. j
Wednesday night Mike Daly presented 1
Bliss Rucker to ex-Jockey Charlie We- j
ber. He ran in the latter's name yester- j
day and won the first rattle out.
Charles Kerr, the well-known breeder of '
Kern County, was a spectator at the |
track.
Burns & Waterhouse yesterday pur
chased Ned Dennis from W. L. Stanfleld. j
paying $1500 for the Apache youngster.
To-Day's Entries.
First — Four furlongs; two-year-olds; j
j purse.
1004 Surfeit 103! 993 Bamboulia 106
i 1004 Juletto 1031 975 Nettle Clark.... I
993 Loyta ...103 1 (993) Flush of Gold.. 198
593 Castlso 93! 1004 May Gertrude. .loß
I 799 Honor Bright.. 193 1 963 Candlelight II.. 10« ;
957 L.B. McWhirterlOtSl 980 Artemis 93
1000 Tanobe 1031
Second Futurity course; selling: four- j
, year-olds and upward.
j 1009 Amasa 108, 947 Robert Bonner.lll j
991 I Don't Know. .lll 974 Prompto 11l
' • -•"•'Flora Hawk .1061 1002 Horatio 11*.
974 Heigh Ho IM ... Shellac .103
39« Valenclenne .V.106 427 Flacon 10$
1009 Sly 109' 932 Formella 106
Third — One and an eighth miles; three- ,
year-olds and upward: selling.
999 Faversham 101 1003 Daisy F 101
995 Roadrunner ....12>"» 1001 Grady 110
9SS McFariane 112! 9SS Jennie Reid 96 j
Fourth Race — Mile and a half; three-year- |
' old?: the Flood Handicap: $15«0.
996 Oraibee SO! 978 Ulm 96
Xl Gauntlet 112.1 9?3 Olinthus 115;
; 9W Rainier - 551 979 Merops 112 '
Fifth Race One and a sixteenth milea; sell- :
ing: four-year-olds and upward.
997 New Moon 1041 954 Alvln E 106 |
10*12 Potente 102 989 Cromwell 109
1002 Eddie Jones.... 109 (988)Caetaka 102
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olda and
upward; Fr»e Handicap.
(994)Ailyar 100| 974 Jinks 83
1001 Rosorraonde ... 99} 563 Wyoming 9S
991 Aluminum 80 985 Tony Llcalzl 90
954 La Goleta 107
Selections for To-Day.
Fln>t Rft'-' I—Flush1 — Flush of Gold, Bamboulla, Louis
B. McWh'rtpr.
S*cond Race — Heigh Ho. Sly. Valeneienne.
Third Race— Daisy F. Jennie Reid, Grady.
Fourth Race — Tim. Merops. Olinthus.
Fifth Race Cromwell, Eddie Jones. Potente.
Sixth Race— Ailyar. JinkE, Wyoming.
ECHOES OF THE LINKS.
Stanford University Has a Golf Club
and a Nine-Hole Course.
This afternoon there will be a competi
tion for the captain's cup on the links of
the Oakland Golf Club.
Stanford University now has a golf ;
club of nearly a hundred members, and
a nine-hole course, which has only been
completed about two weeks. In the fu
ture it is intended to lay out an eighteen- j
hole course. Mrs. Stanford having kindly
given the club permission to utilize the ,
pasture land lying in the direction of the |
foothills, where there is plenty of space
to add nine more holes. The officers of
the Stanford University Golf Club are as
follows: President. R. E. Allardice; sec
retary. Miss Milnora de Beelen Roberts:
treasurer, Charles S. Dole; members of
executive committee— Timothy Hopkins, '
R. M. Toeser, Chester Murphy and Milnor j
Roberts.
F. A. Parker, captain of the San Ra- !
fael Golf Club, who has been absent in i
the East for about two months, leaves
New York to-day on his way back to this
city. !
KNOCKED OUT
BY HIS WIFE
Philip Bauer Sustains a Fractured
Skull and .Mrs. Bauer Is
Locked Dp.
THKRE was a Berioua misunderstanding In the home of Philip Bauer, SI
Clara street, late Thursday night, and it ended in Bauer being treated at
the Receiving Hospital for a compound fracture of the skull caused by a
blow from a pftcher wielded by Mrs. Bauer. Bauer drove to the hospltaJ in
a hack about 1 o'clock yesterday morning and was treated for a fractured skull
I y Dr. Thompson. The fracture was not serious and fatal results are not antici
pnted. When asked how he met with the accident, he said he was on his way
home and was attacked by robbers who knocked him senseless by a blow on
the head with some instrument and then robbed him.
Captain Spillane was notified of the alleged robbery, and he went to the
hospital and questioned Bauer, who admitted that he was romancing, and that
his wife had dealt htm the blow that caused the fracture. The captain detailed
Policemen Callahan and Chase to arrest Mrs. Bauer, but meantime Policemen
Tuite and Regan had heard of the affray and arrested Mrs. Bauer about 4
k yesterday morning. She was taken to the City Prison and booked on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon. When Bauer heard of her arrest he
told Captain Spillane that if he should die he wanted his wife exonerated from
all blame.
Mrs. Bauer, whn Is a handsome and powerfully built woman, said later that
her husband came hnm? drunk shortly before midnight, and as usual was in
an ugly mood. He had a hahit of twisting her arm wh»n he was '•full" and
seized her by the right arm and gave it a rapid twist that made her stream with
pain. Then he struck her, knocking her down, and while on the floor he kicked
her on the face, blackening her eye. She struggled to her feet and seizing- a
pitcher that contained eider she brought it down on his head, smashing the pit
cher into fragments. Bauer left the house and two or three hours later she was
arrested. She declared he was in the habit of beating her when he was drunk,
which was very often, and she had him arrested more than once for battery.
yesterday afternoon she was released on J2»V> bonds accepted by Judge Mogan.
Fhe had previously appeared in Judge Graham's court, and the case was con
tinued until Monday.
Bauer is a salesman in the wholesale store of Greenebaum, Weil and Michels,
Sansome street, and weights about half as much as his wife. He claims that
his wife In their quarrels was always the aggressor and more than fifty times
had she cut him in her angry moods. For the sake of their little girl he had
borne with her, but the end had come. He would not prosecute her and would
not testify a-galnst her. He denied being drunk Thursday night and put the
blame of the trouble upon his wife. He was taken from the hospital yesterday
afternoon by his sister.
Bauer was a member of the National Guard during the big railroad strike
about five year? ago. and while on duty in Sacramento was shot in the foot.
Ho was crippled for a long time in consequence and brought suit against the
railroad company for damages.
TWO BAD DECISIONS
MARRED THE SPORT
JIMMY ANTHONY SUFFERS AT
THE REFEREE'S HANDS.
He and "Sailor" Kinnane Win. but
Are Decided Against by "Doc"
Flynn ana the "Ice Man."
The Washington Square Athletic Club
pulled off two good fights last evening,
but the derisions of the referee were very
rank. Jim Griffin, the "iceman." was
selected to referee the contest between
Chick Finnerty and Jack Kinnane, a sail
or of the battleship lowa, who was tat
tooed with the American colors on body
and back, taking on the appearance of a
museum fr<=>ak. Several men-of-warsmen
were present to see their comrade per
form.
In the first round Kinnane got a right
hander on the jaw which sent him to the
boards, but he was up In a jiffy and
fought back with vim. driving two hard
straight handers on Finnerty's neck. In
the second round Kinnane battered his
opponent all around the ring with right
hand upper cuts. The third was evenly
contested. In the fourth Kinnane had
much the better of the game. In the fifth
round Finnerty opened up a few links
and pome hot fighting resulted, the sailor
showing strong signs of groggiiur.-s.
From this time on to the tenth round the
sailor had all the bf-st of the contest, hut
the "Iceman," who was a friend of Fin
nerty, gave the local pugilist the decis
ion, much to the disgust of the specta
tors.
The second contest was to have been a
ten-round bout between Jack Kane and
Charles Goepel. Kane stopped Goepel in
the first round and was awarded the de
dslon.
"Doc" Flynn of the South End Rowing |
Club was selected to referee the event of i
the evening, which wa.s a twenty-round j
contest between Jimmy Anthony and Wil
liam Cole. Anthony was a favorite in the
betting at 10 to 7. his friends thinking he
had a cinch in whipping Cole.
Cole was very nervous In the first round
and Anthony won a decided lead, landing '■
several times on his young opponent. In ■
the second round Cole caught Anthony
on the jaw with a left swing and sent
him to the carpet, where Anthony re
mained for nine seconds. This was Cole's
round. In the next round Cole plucked
up courage and fought Anthony to the i
ropes, scoring several times. The fourth
ended in favor of Anthony, who landed j
two heavy hard lefts on Cole"s nose,
drawing blood.
The fifth was even: the sixth, seventh,
eighth and ninth terminated in favor of j
Anthony. Hard fighting was seen in the i
tenth round. Cole rushed Ms opponent i
and landed two hard rights on Anthony's |
jaw. the round ending in favor of Cole, i
After this Anthony seemed to have lost j
his steam and Cole took a lead in points
in the eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth and
fourteenth rounds. The fifteenth was
even. The sixteenth ended in Anthony's
fa% - or. In the seventeenth Cole won a
short lead on points, but in the eight
eenth, nineteenth and twentieth Anthony
certainly had all the hest of the contest.
In the last round Cole resorted to very
cowardly tactics, running away from his
man and clinching and throwing his arms
around Anthony's legs to avoid punish
ment. The spectators were surprised
when the referee gave a decision in favor
of Cole. Anticipating trouble, the police
escorted the referee out of the building.
Diet and Sleep.
Diet and sleep were subjects discussed
by the San Francisco Child Study
Club yesterday afternoon at the Occi
dental. Mrs. H. O. Bridge read an ad- ,
dres3 on "Dietetics," which was deliv- 1
rrp<l before the National Mothers' Con
gress by Mrs. Louise H^gan. Mrs. George
Waif presented the subject of "Lunches
for School Children" and "The Habit of
Sleep." An informal discussion followed
in which a number of ladies present took
part.
Next Friday afternoon Professor Jaffa
will continue the subject of food, and all
Interested are cordially Invited.
COURSING AT NEWARK.
The Ingleside Association Will Hold
a Picnic and Meeting To-Morrow.
The Ingleside Coursing Association will
hold a meeting at Newark Parak to
morrow, and a large crowd will doubt
less journey to the old grounds, where
courses of three and four miles have been
of common occurrence.
The drawing which took place last
evening consist? of a thirty-two-dog
stake, with the following prizes: One hun
dred dollar?. $50. next two $23 each nf-xt
four $12 30 each, next eight $7 50 each. The
dogs entered are:
J. O'Shea's Tiger Lily vs. E. H. Mulcaster's
Lass o' Gowrie; W. Fingler's Van Imp vs
H. M. Spring's Warship: Hurley & Rellly's
Richmond Queen vs. S. Hansen's L. S. Con
ley; J. O'Donnell's Las Palmas vs. T. Butler
names St. Elmo; P. J. Reilly names Benlcla
Boy vs. J. Dean's Brilliantine: T. J. McHugh's
Mom Rose vs. S. Hansen's Our Climate; H A
Deckelman's Prince George vs. •W. Halpin
names Lady Herschel: A. Massey*s Hadiwist
vs. J. P. Thrifts Forget; Bartelg Bros." Mac's
Melody vs. T. J. Cronin's Maid of Ball: E M
Kellogrg's Lady Gilmore vs. J. H. Perieo's
Pretty Girl: Russell & Wilson's Lady Emmavs
W. E. Thompson's High Born Lady; Hurley &
Relay's Expense vs. J. P. Thrift's Forgive- J
Kenan's Royal Buck vs. Bartels Bros. 1 names
Winning Style; D. : Shannon's Soubrette vs
Captain Clarkson's Conqueror; Larkey &
Rock's Myrtle vs. J. Byrne's Nelly B; Captain
Clarkson's Mystic vs. Curtis & Son's Commo
dore.
The club and the coursing fraternity
will leave this city on Sunday mornine on
the 9:15 o'clock boat. A band of music
will accompany the excursionists to the
grounds.
OLYMPIC GLOVE CONTESTS.
Semi-Finals of the Welter-Weight
Class and Two Special Ten-
Round Matches.
Entertainments are coming quick and
fast at the Olympic Club. On Wednesday
evening-. April 26. the club members will
assemble in the big gymnasium for the
semi-finals of the welter-weight class.
The first match will be between J. F.
McCarthy of the Olympic Club and A.
Hellman of the Sacramento Athletic
Club. The second match will be between
A. Ast of the Manhattan Athletic Club
and Joe Doyle of the Olympic Club. The
winners of these matches will cross fists
on May 24. when the series of finals is
fought out.
To make the evening a complete suc
cess, John Hammersmith, leader, is now
arranging two professional ten-round
contests. If present plans do not mis
carry the ten-round affairs will be be
tween McFadden and King and Snooker
and Thurston.
Sport at Ryan's Court.
The handball entries at Phil Ryan's
court at SSB Howard street for Sunday are
as follows:
J. Dowling and R. Houseman vs. P. Ryan
and P. Hutchinson.
E. Barry and J. Kirby vs. D. Regan and T.
Foley.
E. McDonough and E. Lynch vs. J. R. Bock
man and D. J. Sheehan.
M McDonald and P. Steiner vs. M. McNeil
and G. McDonald.
J. White and E. Curley n, M. Maguire and
J. Collins.
J. Riordan and J. Harlow vs. M. J. Kll
gallon and E. Maloney.
J. C. Ne&lon and R. Linehan vs. T. F. Boa
net and A. Hampton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A REMARKABLE INVENTION
BY AN OHIOAN.
A genius of Cincinnati has patented and
placed on the market a remarkable Bath
Cabinet, whereby any one resting on a
chair within enjoys the famous Turkish,
hot vapor or medicated baths at home
for 3 cents each, heretofore enjoyed only
by the rich at public bathrooms, health
resorts, hot springs and sanitariums.
] These baths are celebrated for their mar-
i velous cleansing, purifying and invigorat-
ing effects upon the human system, and
this Invention brings them within the
! reach of the poorest person in the coun-
try.
Clouds of hot vapor or medicated vapor
: surround the entire body, opening th«
millions of sweat pores, causing profuse
CABINET OPEN— Step In or out.
FOLDED.
perspiration, drawing out of the system
all impure salts, acids and poisonous
i matter, which, if retained, overwork the
i heart, kidneys, lungs and skin, causing
! disease, fevers, debility and sluggish-
j ness.
Astonishing is the Improvement in
j health, feelings and complexion by the
j use of this Cabinet, and it seems to us
that the long sought for natural method
of curing and preventing disease without
medicine has certainly been found.
The makers inform the writer that 88,-
-j 356 of these Quaker folding thermal Cabi-
' nets have been sold since January 1. and
showed letters from thousands of users
who speak of this Cabinet as giving en-
tire satisfaction.
Since this invention bathtubs have been
discarded, for it gives a better bath for
all cleansing purposes than soap and wa-
! ter, and, as there are millions of homes
I without bathing facilities, it seems this
! would be a good article for our readers
to take the agency for.
Thousands of remarkable letters have
been written the inventors, and to our
knowledge persons who were full of
drugs and nostrums, and have been given
up to die, have been restored to perfect.
robust health, to the astonishment of
: their friends and physicians.
E. L. Eaton, M. D.. of Topeka, Kans.,
gave up his practice because, he said, he
could do more good for humanity with
this Cabinet than his medicines, and has
already sold more than 800 of them. Con-
gressman John J. Lentz. Mrs. Senator
j Douglas, Rev. R. E. Peale. Una, B. C;
] Rev. Samuel Cooper, John T. Brown, edi-
tor of the Christian Guide, and a host
of our most eminent people recommend it.
J. A. Hagan, Richfield. Mo., afflicted fif-
teen years with rheumatism in its worst
form, was cured in six days; L. B. West-
brook, Newton. lowa, afflicted forty-five
years, was cured in three weeks of ca-
tarrh, asthma, heart and kidney trouble;
O. P. Freeman, Sparta, Ohio, afflicted sev-
enteen years, unable to walk, was cured
of kidney troubles, piles and rheumatism.
A prominent citizen of Elwood, Ind.. E.
Veher, was cured of a serious case of
obesity. A lady in Maysville. Mo., Mrs.
L. Coen, was cured of woman's trou-
| bles, and recommends it to all suffering
i ladies.
We find tnis is a genuine Cabinet, with
a door, handsomely and durably made of
best materials, rubber lined, has a steel
• frame, and should certainly las* a life-
time.
It is important to know that the mak-
ers guarantee results, and assert posi-
tively, as do thousands of users, that this
Cabinet will clear the skin, purify and
' enrich the blood, cure nervousness, weak-
ness, that tired feeling and the worst
forms of rheumatism. (They offer $50 re-
I ward for a case not relieved.) Cures wo-
: man's troubles, malaria, ague, sleepless-
; ness, neuralgia, headaches, piles, dropsy,
• liver, kidney and nervous troubles. It
' will make you strong, energetic, full of
life and vigor with the coming of spring
and summer, and avoid illness later.
To please the ladies, a face and head
steaming attachment is furnished, if de-
sired, which clears the skin, beautifies the
complexion, removes pimples, black-
heads, eruptions and is a sure cure for
• skin diseases, catarrh and asthma.
All our readers should have one of these
I remarkable Cabinets. The price is won-
derfully low. Cabinet complete, with
Heater, formulas and directions, only $5.
Head steamer, $1 extra. And it is indeed
1 difficult to imagine where one could in-
. vest that amount of money in anything
! else that guarantees so much genuine
health, strength and vigor.
Write to-day to the World Mfg. Co.,
710 World Building. Cincinnati. Ohio, for
full information; or, better still, order a
Cabinet. You won't be disappointed, as
i the makers guarantee every Cabinet, and
will refund your money after thirty days
if not just as represented. We know them
ito be perfectly reliable. Capital $100,000,
; and they will ship promptly upon receipt
| of remittance.
Don't fail to send for booklet anyway.
This Cabinet is a wonderful seller for
i agents, and the firm offers special in-
ducements to both men and women upon
I request, and to our knowledge many ire
: making from $100 to $150 per month and
expenses. It is certainly an opportunity
not to be neglected.
|| 563 Just Arrived. Ip
M 2 Carloads. tj
§ BICYCLES 1
1% ■ BICYOJES H|
$40
i TKOS. H. B. YAHIEY. Market & Iltb. S. F. 1
FJj Open Wednesday & Saturday eveninjs. 11
Ladd's Gun Store
421 Kearny St.. San Francisco
BffiSJ£JSEs3HHi*
j^HS^Biftjß3 > "'jiy Dealers in Firearm*,
MK™^^*^^ Fishing Tactile.and
EfS*^^ Sporting Good? of Kvi*ry Des.
cription. Highest Cash Price*
bid for Raw Fur*.
Send for free Illustrated Catalogue.
56
]
SATURDAY APRIL 22, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies'. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $fI.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month Use
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Robin Hood."
California— "A Hot Old Time."
Grand Opera House— "Ermlnle." •
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "A Bad Lot."
Tlvoll— "The Little Trooper."
Chutes Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Oiympia— Corner Mason and Ellis struts. Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Recreation Park— Ha?. -ball.
Union Coursing Park— Coursing to-day.
Metropolitan Temple— Moving Pictures.
El Campo— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Eunday.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo. Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— This day. at 2 and 8 p. m., at 39
Geary st., Chinese and Japanese goods.
By Easton. Eldridge .■- Co.— Tuesday, April 25. at 12
o'clock, Real Estate, at 63S Market street.
THE MORALS OF THE CITY.
THE CALL has reason to feel no little gratifica
tion over the results of the efforts it has re
cently n-.adc to purify the city of some of its
more corrupt and corrupting elements. Pool
selling a the racetrack has been suppressed, and the
gamblers have been forced to ply a nefarious trade
of bookmaking about the streets and saloons. That
practice, moreover, was exposed in The Call yester
day, and there can be little doubt the exposure will
lead to its suppress.
Hardly less notable has been the victory gained by
.king up the vicious "phonograph
end kinetoscope parlors" which have so long been an
enticement not only to depraved men but even to
school-children. As was pointed out by The Call at
the time the exposure was made, no new law or or
e was required to punish such offenders. The
proprietors of three of the so-called "parlors" have
been arrested, convicted and nned, and, furthermore,
they have been warned by the courts that if they are
found guilty of continuing the offense they will on the
next conviction have to suffer the extreme penalty of
the iaw.
The offenses of racetrack gambling, pool-selling
and the display of indecent pictures in places acces
sible to school-children were much more pernicious
in theii than any conceivable amount of gam
pium-smoking in Chinatown. None was
a victim of the Chinese depravities
lar gone in the downward path
•rack and the vile pictures,
however, were temptations which reached almost
everywhere. Hardly a home was sale from their in
fluences. The trail of the racetrack evil has been
marked with embezzlements, defalcations and suicides
in almost every grade of society, and, while that of the
foul parlors has been too secret to be traced, it is
certain its effects have been widely corrupting.
Fortunate tl evils have been checked at least
temporarily. (. >f course as soon as the police cease
watchful they will be revived in one form or
another. The cunning of the gamblers in arranging
Is by "handbooks" shows how crafty and
how persistent are the violators of the law. Eternal
vigilance is clearly the price of morality, as well as
: liberty. What has been achieved, however, is
a proof that morality can be upheld and law enforced
in San Francisco whenever the police are active and
Judges resolute in the performance of their duty, and
that in itself is encouraging to all good citizens.
SALINAS AND THE NATIVES.
rOR the time being Salinas is the capital city of
the State, the metropolis of its hospitable ac
tivities and the Mecca of its natives. As was
once said of Jay Gould, it "is little but large." The
large enterprise of Salinas, however, is not to be the
making of a corner to cinch lambs, but that of throw
ing wide all the doors of her hospitable homes and
giving welcome to the Native Sons.
One of the happiest customs adopted by the Na
tive Sons and Native Daughters is that of holding
their annual gatherings at the different cities of the
State by turns, showing no partiality for the large
cities over the smaller towns. By reason of that cus
tom the young men and young women of California
are brought into contact with the people of every
section, and their local prepossessions are subordi
nated to genuine State patriotism.
The benefits derived by the members of the two
associations from the custom are not greater, how
ever, than those they confer on many of the commu
nities at which they assemble. Towns which are not
notable as commercial centers nor as tourist resorts
are by these meetings given a temporary prominence
which awakens public interest in their attractions,
their industries and the value of the resources around
them. In that way the advantages they offer for
home-seekers or lor investors of capital receive a
liberal advertising and the progress of the community
is thus materially promoted.
Salinas will be able to show to her visitors much
that will surprise many of them. It is the center of a
rich industrial section, and the beet sugar industry
has there reached proportions that justify a feeling
of pride on the part of every Californian. The Na
tive Sons will see in what has been accomplished
abundant promise of the coming of a time when
California, if the enterprise of her people be not
crushed by the competition of the cheap labor of the
tropics, will be able to supply sugar enough to meet
the whole demand of the United States.
The industrial features of the city and its surround
ing country, we may be sure, will not be overlooked
by the Native Sons, notwithstanding the strong at
traction of the various entertainments which the hos
pitality of Salinas has arranged for their pleasure. It
is safe to say the meeting of the Grand Parlor will be
an instructive as well as a pleasant one, and both
Salinas and her guests may be congratulated on the
01 tasion.
A headline in the morning papers is to the effect
that Miss Jane Hodge of Oakland has sued John
Nicholl for fifty thousand dollars for "burning
kisses." The mystery still remains how did John
manage to get combustion on such an ephemeral
thing a 6 a kiss.
ANOTHER REPUBLICAN TRIUMPH-
THERE have been five Senatorial deadlocks in
the Tinted States this year, two of them in Cali
fornia and Pennsylvania, in each of which the
deliberate attempt was made and inexorably pressed
to substitute the will of corporations for the will of
the people, but in each of which, also in the face of
such concentrated influence as has never been pre
viously equaled, the integrity of the Republican party
has been vindicated.
The analogy between the protracted contests in
Pennsylvania and in this State is incomplete in two
particulars, one of them discreditable to each com
monwealth. In personal qualifications for the Fed
eral Senate, omitting the moral element, Matthew
Stanley Quay is immeasurably superior to Daniel M.
Burns. Mr. Quay has served in the Senate of the
United States and he is a man of strong intellect, of
fair education and of diversified experience in heavy
business, which brought him into contact with able
and strong men. In all other respects than integrity,
though far from great, he is qualified to hold his
own in the discussion and solution of national ques
tions. On the other hand, Dan Burns possesses very
moderate intelligence, and during his whole life, so
far as known to the public, has manifested no ca 1
parity that would raise him above the level of an or
dinary Supervisor. His range, even in boss training,
has been narrow and mainly confined to municipal
politics, and in other respects he has been identified
not with large rings or heavy operations but with the
demoralized racetrack and with other kindred degra
dations.
As between these two favorites of monopoly and
corruption, therefore, Pennsylvania had the advantage
of California. In one other particular they were sub
stantially alrke. Dan Burns had been tried for mal
versation in office and acquitted by throwing the
blame on his deputy, who in his turn secured his own
freedom by making his principal responsible. Matt
Quay was actually on trial for the fraudulent use o>
State funds deposited in a bank while his partisans,
the representatives of every element that insulted and
derided the people, were steadily voting for him. His
acquittal by a jury, though a technical exoneration,
will not remove the unfavorable impression from the
people.
Throughout the entire struggle, however, the Re
publicans 'if this State stood higher than the Repub
licans of* Pennsylvania. .Matt Quay started with 113
votes and ended with 0.5, either number constituting
a majority of the representative? of the party in the
joint convention. Here Dan Burns began and closed
with a minority, and at no time had more than half
enough votes to elect or more than one-third
or thereabouts of the Republican legislators.
If there could be degrees, therefore, in party honor
California holds the post of vantage, from which it
is unlikely that she could be dislodged, even by an
extra session, if the fatuous subserviency to the rail
road of Governor Gage should lend him to that sui
cidal extremity or though he should imitate the
example of the Governor of Pennsylvania by assum
ing the right to appoint when the Legislature lias
failed to elect. But the central and dominating fact,
which deprives the Bryan Democracy of their chief
slogan, is that in both States the corporations and the
other corrupt political manipulators were beaten by
the voice of the people, expressed by incorruptible
Republicans. The result has proved that, though
sometimes deceived, the Republican party as a body
can be trusted, and that on all public matters it re
fuses to submit to corporate dictation.
This outcome of the Senatorial deadlocks is recog
nized not only in the United States but in Europe,
where, for example, referring to those Stat.
eluding California, which, through party honesty and
firmness, have been temporarily deprived of half their
representation in the Federal Senate, so influential
and well-informed a newspaper as the London Daily
Chronicle says: "They are probably better without
Senators than with men of the class who try to bribe
themselves into office." This passage was written be
fore the legislative defeat or the gubernatorial success
of Matt Quay, and the same paper, not anticipating
the possibility of the combination in his favor being
beaten, added: "In other States — notably in Penn
sylvania, still under the sway of Boss Quay — Sena
torial elections have of late been a disgrace."
The successful disregard of public opinion by Big
Boss Quay and by Little Boss Burns is over, and the
outlook for 1900 against the rag-tag and bobtail
Democracy, representing every un-American element
in the country and led by William J. Bryan, is pro
pitious for the Republican party.
FLAX GRfIIN BOGS.
IN the rural notes published in this paper we re
cently commented on the report of a Belgian ex
pert on the fine quality of flax fiber produced on
this coast. It was worked up in the great Belgian
linen factories and was found to be the best
quality, outranking any American fiber that had been
tried.
As there is much land in California that can raise
heavy crops of flax, it is of sufficient importance to be
thoroughly experimented with, even if its production
be only to add another to the many exported articles
produced on our ranches.
Since that publication was made information is at
hand making flax of more immediate importance than
before. The State of Washington has a jute plant in
its penitentiary engaged in making grain bags, fol
lowing the example of California in San Qucntin.
The jute for this purpose is imported from India.
Some plans have been laid to domesticate jute cul
ture in this country, but no progress has been made.
The growth of ramie for its fiber has also been made
the subject of experiment, but the cost of decortica
tion by ordinary process is so great that the industry
has not been found suited to our wage scale and in
dustrial conditions.
While we have been looking to these exotic fiber
plants it would seem that we have neglected to de
velop the possibilities of flax fiber, about the produc
tion of which there is no doubt, and which is easily
processed by methods that arc in line with our wage
scale and the American labor system.
In the Washington penitentiary experiments have
Veen made with flax tow, grown in Oregon and
California, as material for grain bags. The Review
of Spokane says that the test proved an unqualified
success, and that the jute machinery, with some in
expensive alterations, can be used on flax tow with
profitable results. Bags made of flax in the test
stood 30 per cent more strain than the jute bags.
Representative farmers have highly approved the
flax bags.
The farmers of California make use of the prison
jute bags, and, when the law is rightly administered,
they are saved much money in the sacking required to
carry to market their crops of grain, potatoes,
onions, carrots and beans. The State pays out much
money every year for the Indian iutc fiber used in this
manufacture. If it be a fact that flax tow can be used
instead of jute this money will be kept at home and
the rural industries of California will get a double
profit out of the busings, for they can produce the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
raw material and have an additional crop with which
to further diversify farming.
In another view of it very important results may
follow the successful substitution of flax for jute in
sacking. The Belgian experts found our flax equal
to the celebrated Coutrai product, which is the finest
flax fabric in the world. While tow goods may be
made of rlax in almost any locality, the finer qualities
of linen require certain favorable conditions that do
not exist everywhere.
Ireland and Belgium are noted for their fine linens
because of local conditions which were discovered
empirically.
But the ancient Egyptians made very fine linen, so
fine that it was an article of luxury used in the vest
ments of the priests. The linen used as cerements for
their dead is preserved on Egyptian mummies and is
of excellent quality. Its modern imitation, called
"mummy cloth," is evidence of its high class.
Xow the climate of Egypt is not unlike that of
California, and if the ancients could, without our
modern machinery or knowledge of the chemistry of
retting the fiber, produce linen of a quality that would
find favor now, why may it not be done in California?
It is remarked that manufactures take hold here
slovviy. One reason i> that California is not a pro
ducer of iron ore, so that throughout the range of
iron and steel manufacture the material has to be im
ported; the same is true of the hardwoods used in
vehicle manufacture and cooperage. We are richer
than any other part of the world in coniferous timber,
but are deficient in hard timber. This handicaps the
vast variety of metal and wood manufactures here
and makes us in a measure dependent upon others.
The most successful manufacturing is carried on
either where the raw material is produced or where
there are exceptional physical conditions favorable to
its manufacture. Nearly all manufactures of the great
staples which are the necessaries of life had a rude
and crude form in the beginning, as the modern
Sheffield cutlery began in the rude "whittle" ad
mired by the Saxons and Angles. It is quite possible
that water may be found in California as suited to
retting flax as that of the Lys in Belgium, and that
beginning with the coarsest use of flax tow in making
grain bags we may domesticate not only the crop of
raw material but its use in the highest and finest
fabrics.
The authorities should inaugurate experiments at
the jute plant in San Quentin like those carried on at
Walla Walla, in Washington, and, if equally success
ful, a sufficient breadth of flax should be planted here
to experiment on a large scale, to secure proof that
will warrant the required amendments in the jute
machinery to adapt it to flax.
We are not informed whether flax can I>e permitted,
to ripen its seed and at the same time afford a fiber in
condition for use. If the two can go together the
crop capable of this double use would surely be safely
profitable. The farmers of the State should commu
nicate with the prison ofticers, and the agricultural
department of the State University should collect and
distribute information on the subject. As far as the
matter has proceeded we have the conclusions of the
Belgian linen manufacturers and the result of the
prison experiment in Washington. If such results
can be reached with our flax fiber abroad we may
hope to produce them at home.
The recent addition of the sugar beet to the list of
profitable farm products is held to I>e of great signi
ficance to the rural prosperity of the Slate. If it can
be promptly followed by the introduction of profit
able flax culture the addition of two new crops will
greatly add to our rural wealth.
PRIMARY ELECTION REFORM.
SENATOR STRATTOX, author of the new
primary election law, writes to The Call to say
that according to his reading the newspapers
of the State do not seem to understand the fact that
the statute would not be constitutional if it embodied
the right of challenge for party affiliation or included
a tc>t as a qualification for voting. Mr. Stratton is
probably correct in this conclusion, for the comments
which have followed the Stockton election indicate
that the people generally regard the omission of a
test as a -moils defect in the law.
The Call, however, is not included among those
who do not understand the difficulties with which
Senator Stratton contended when he drew this
statute. When the bill was brought before the Legis
lature we called attention to the decision of the Su
preme Court in the case of Spier vs. Baker and
mildly counseled an abandonment of any attempt to
legislate upon the subject. We did not then sec how
Senator Stratton would be able to frame a practical
primary law without including a test, which the Su
preme Court had decided to be in all its phases un
constitutional. Hut the Senator did the best he
could and has produced a law which, if it is not the
success anticipated by its friends, will fail mainly be
cause the Supreme Court has placed in his way an
insurmountable obstacle to a working statute.
We think the machinery of the new primary law
would work satisfactorily if a test were provided. As
it is there is but one substitute to the qualification,
and that will be an endeavor on the part of the peo
ple to keep track of the politics of those who vote
at primary elections and, as far as posible, separate
the Republicans from the Democrats. At Stockton
the Democrats had no contest, and so they generally
voted with the Republican factions, thus aiding the
latter to elect a choice lot of machine delegates.
However, the absence of a test need not much
longer obstruct the work of the primary election re
formers. Senator Stratton succeeded in getting
through the Legislature a constitutional amendment
conferring the power necessary to prescribe a voting
test at such elections. This amendment will be sub
mitted to the people next year, and if the new pri
mary statute is even a qualified success it will be
easy enough to secure its ratification. Certainly the
people will be in favor of the enactment of a strin
gent primary law when they find that Senator Strat
ton's creation has embarrassed the political bosses.
That the new law is going to embarrass these bosses
is already quite apparent, for in various portions of
the city preparations are being made for the election
of independent delegates.
Governor Gage is justifying the prophecy of his
friends that he might be expected always to do the
unexpected. The Governor is becoming polite — that
is, he says so. He refused politely last night to be
interviewed. His Excellency may find it expedient
before his term expires to ask politely to be inter
viewed.
The officials of Nevada County, according to the
dispatches, have three theories as to the whereabouts
of Murderer Moore. The other is that he is still at
large.
The worst has come to the worst. Other people
have been roasted, but it remained for President
David Starr Jordan to be "Fryed." By a woman at
that.
Why don't the Berkeley boys be good to Stanford?
Give 'em the ax.
WHY MAGUIRE WAS DEFEATED.
Organizer Norton of the Democratic Clubs
Thinks It Was Because Those Bodies
, Were Ignored.
Organizer M. G. Norton of the California Division of National Demo
cratic Clubs thinks "he knows why his party was defeated last fall. He
gives his reason for the overthrow in the following circular letter addressed
to the clubs throughout the State: ISM
As your experience in politics will enable you to appreciate the vast amount
of work which this office has been compelled to handle during the work or or
ganization, you will doubtless pardon my seeming neglect in addressing you De
fore this. When it is considered that we have sent out in the neighborhood or
25,000 pieces of mail, and conducted a correspondence involving the preparation
of hundreds of letters daily, you will hardly blame us for devoting our energies
to other localities than those in which we were represented.
As one of the gentlemen representing us on our committee, and by reason of
the fact that you have demonstrated the sincerity of your ro-operation In many
ways, I think it but right that you should be fully informed of the status of our
organization at this time and the principal obstacles which have presented tlicm
selves.
We started upon our work on the first of January. IS9S, and notwithstand
ing the destruction of the Maine and the war with Spain which ensued, both i or
which diverted public attention from all other channels, we were mucli gratltlea
with the letters of congratulation and the offers of co-operation which poured in
upon us from every part of California. Our State committee, consisting <>r
one hundred members, was fully decided upon, and the. gentlemen appointed re
ceived similar instructions to those sent you, with the request that they Imme
diately comply with the rules and regulations governing our association, among
which was the payment of an initiation fee of $10.
About this time we were advised by the secretary of the national association
at Washington that efforts to oust me from my position were being made Dy
parties in the city of San Francisco who had no desire to allow an organization
to exist whose principal object was to foster the formation of permanent Demo
cratic clubs and societies throughout the State of California, and to insure their
active co-operation In disseminating Jeffersonlan principles of government.
Th-?se people realized that such an organization would prove an obstacle to
"ring rule" and the methods of controlling conventions which have hitherto pre
vailed.
To prevent our successful organization a gentleman whose name it Is un
necessary to mention was detailed to visit the authorities of the national as
sociation at Washington. Upon his arrival there he immediately proceeded to
accomplish the purpose of his visit; but to his astonishment he was informed
that the management of the California division was lining conducted in a manner
which had received the strongest approval of the Washington office and that a
change was not only ill timed but would under no consideration be considered
for a moment.
Since that time these San Francisco people have used every opportunity to
harass and annoy us under cover. Hundreds of our correspondents were in
receipt of communications of such a character that, notwithstanding the fart
that we represented the National Association of Democratic Clubs, they became
discouraged and the feeling of enthusiasm changed to that of indifference.
Less than one dozen of the members of our State committee sent in their In
itiation fee, upon which we had entirely depended for our running expenses. The
undersigned has, therefore, been compelled to bear practically 90 per cent of
the expanses incurred up to this time.
Notwithstanding this condition of affairs we still looked forward to the re
cent gubernatorial campaign with the hope that the same would be mutually
beneficial. We expected that thousands of correspondents and large Quantities
of literature which we could have furnished would prove of incalculable value
to the Democratic ticket; and on the other hand we hoped that our participa
tion in the campaign would tend to perfect our organization.
To our astonishment our candidate for Governor, Mr. Muguire, and the. vari
ous committees laboring in his behalf totally ignored us, notwithstanding our
repeated offers to assist in every way. Probably a dozen letters in all from
this office directed to Judge Maguire remained unanswered, and nothing was left
for us to do >>ut remain spectators while a contest in which we should have
been an important factor proceeded.
Is it any wund. r that Judge Maguire was so overwhelmingly defeated? Take
for instance Ixis Angeles County. The same combination existed in IH% and 18!I8.
The Republican party confronted the combined Democratic, Silver Republican
ami Populists, all under the same management throughout both campaigns. Yet
in 1V«; with the assistance of the combined Democratic clubs of this county Mr.
Bryan was defeated by a majority of barely SUO votes; while In IS9S without us
and against a weaker candidate than President McKinley Judge Maguire was
u\( rwhi lined by a Republican majority of 4000.
This result, you are aware, obtained in nearly every county in the State. We
have communicated these matters to thenational officers at Washington, and have
informed them that until such a time as we are furnished with funds to properly
pn secute our work we shall be compelled to rest on our oars. Further aid could
hardly be expected From those who have so magnanimously contributed to our
finances, and I have reached the limit so far as I am personally concerned.
Mr. 10. N. Rector of Merced has been appointed our secretary, and Mr. D. H.
Arnold of Colusa has been appointed our treasurer. No further work, however,
will be undertaken until we can secure the necessary funds to completely perfect
the State organisation.
Trusting tv hear your views upon this (subject, and with kind regards, I am,
wry truly, MOVE G. NORTON, Official State Organizer,
California Division National Association of Democratic Clubs.
THE BEE'S DEFI,
Pacramento Bpp. April 20.
Yesterday the Bee furnished an
j ss r. to its readers which was in
tended ns an object lesson of the
absolute idiocy, aslninity ami in
famy cf the Morehouse sigrnaturo
law, Introduced by Senator Hotspur
Valiant Morehouse, the Senator
from Santa Clara County with the
unceasing jaw. To-day tho Bee
appears with no article signed, but
in all iis pristine vipor of thought
and outspoken expression of opin
ion.
As it stated yesterday, when it
signed its articles, it has a thor
ough ami hearty contempt for the
Morehou^e signature law. It is a
law-abiding journal, and it believes
in upholding the laws of the land.
But when bad laws, pushed to the
front by men who would trample on
the rights of the people, disgrace
net only the statute books of the
State, but as well call in question the
common sense of those who make
our codes, it is the province of wis
dom and of loyalty to good govern
ment to so act as to force the issue
into the highest court.
"Rebellion to tyrants is obedience
to God"; and to combat an unjust
and an unconstitutional law is the
highest example of good citizenship.
Therefore, to you, Henry Theophi
lus Gage, Governor of the. State of
California, morituri salutamus!
Have at thee, Hotspur Valiant
Morehouse!
Unto you, Grove Lachrymose John
son, again the renewed assurances
of our most distinguished consid
eration!
To each and to all of the More
bouse contingency in the late un
lamented and unwept Legislature,
gilt Heil— or go to , —our Ger
man is much tangled.
Our feet are upon our native
heath, and our names are at the top
of this page.
To the first person who correctly
guesses the cognomen of the writer
of this bit of idiocy will be given a
letter of introduction to Hotspur
Valiant Morehouse.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS,
Henry Schuebert of Taos, Missouri, is at
the RUBS.
L. S. Green, a druggist of Orovllle, is
staying at the Grand.
John Howell, a surveyor of Merced, is
a late arrival at the Lick.
Dr. Thomas Ross, a well-known physi
cian of Sacramento, Is a guest at the
Grand.
Mrs. M. F. A. Beckwith of Cleveland,
Ohio, is registered at the California with
her daughter.
George W. Reed, a large coffee planter
of Guatemala, is at the Occidental, ac
companied by his wife.
Mrs. N. Goldsmith will leave next Sun
day evening for Charleston, West Vir
ginia, to visit her sister.
A. I,evy, a merchant of Pescadero, is
spending a few days in this city with his
family and has apartments at the Lick.
J. K. P. Thompson of Rock Rapids,
lowa, a representative of the Cedar Rap
ids Republican, is registered at the Occi
dental.
Lewis Seasongood and Alfred Season
good, two bankers of Cincinnati, Ohio,
are registered at the Palace with their
families.
F. H. Goodyear, a capitalist of Buffalo.
N. V., is visiting this coast with his fam
ily and has engaged apartments at the
Palace. He is accompanied by Dr. S. S.
Mitchell.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 21.— George C. Jame
sen of San Francisco is at the Marlbor
ough.
Academic Baseball League.
The Mount Tamalpals Military Acad
emy and the Polytechnic High School
baseball teams will meet this afternoon
at 2 o'clock at the grounds at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets.
MORE EVIDENCE
THAT NEALL WAS
IN GOOD HEALTH
Testimony of the Post
Surgeon.
A DISSERTATION ON THE GRIP
IT WOULD IMPAIR A MAN'S CA
PACITY FOB. WORK.
Major Moseley Did Not Believe Neall
Was Any Worse in February
Than He Was in
December.
There was more medical testimony at
the trial of Lieutenant Neall yesterday,
but it was not of the kind that will do
the accused much good. Major Edward
B. Moseley, post surgeon of the Presidio,
was the principal witness, and his evi
dence related mostly to the condition
physical and mental— of Neall just before ;
he disappeared from the post.
Major Moseley was on the examining 1
board that passed upon Neall's physical j
condition at the time he was examined
for promotion. He said that at the time i
Neall was examined he was In good j
health and was physically sound. The i
witness referred to the certificate Neall
had signed and said the board did not
and does not take notice of such
certificates to any extent, for they !
do not consider an officer capable
of passing upon his own physical condi
tion, except to the extent of "calling at
tention to a blindness in one eye or the
loss of a limb."
Then followed a long dissertation on
grip and its effects, the gist of which was
that if a man was so ill he could not
properly keep books he could not prop
erly command a company, which was
precisely what the sergeant said on
Thursday— that Neall seemed at the in
spection to be wc-11 able to attend to his
military duties. Keeping books, the wit
ness thought, required no more exercise
of will and intelligence than to command
a company or troop at drill. Bi-yond
r^eall s statement that he had the grio
Moseley had not noticed any material
change In the appearance of the accused
from last December until he disappeared
in February. *
Regarding the dividends from the post
exchange to the post hospital. Major
Moseleysaid they should have been turned
over to him. He had not received any div
idends from the post exchange from Oc
tober last until this month, when Lieuten
ant Slavens, who succeeded Lieutenant
.Neall as post exchange officer, paid him
the dividends for the months of Novem
ber, December, January, February and
March He made no demand for these
dividends when they were not forthcom-
u &> \? mer ne had n0 knowledge of when
they had been declared, and anyway he
never had any trouble about them. When
they were due the dividends had always
been brought to him and he receipted for
them, and that ended the matter.
Mr. Thornton submitted a hypothetical
question to the witness which embraced
many of the conditions of the case, and
the answer contained the only ray of light
ror recall that appeared in the day's pro
ceedings. The many duties for which
JSeall was responsible were recited to the
witness and he was asjtod if an attack of
the grip would impair an officer's efficien
cy in all those duties. The answer was
'yes. in all his duties his efficiency would
be impaired."
Replying to further questions from the
defense Moseley said he did not consider
that Neall's health was any worse in Feb
ruary than it had been in December. The
only other witness of the day was Her
man Roth, hospital steward of the post
hospital, who came to the stand to tell of
certain prescriptions prescribed by Dr.
Edie. He was not certain there were any
for Neall, however, and he was excused
without cross-examination.
The trial is now awaiting the return
from Honolulu of Colonel Compton, conv
mander of tho Fourth Cavalry, who will
be the last witness fur the prosecution.
Captain Dan Haskell Improving.
The wife of Captain Dan Haskell reports
him as steadily improving in health. From
present indications he -will soon be attend*
ing to his duties on the bay.
TEACHERS MAY
NOW LOSE THEIR
APRIL SAURIES
Auditor Declines to
Approve Them.
MUST KEEP BOOKS STRAIGHT
NO EFFOBT MADE TO ADJUST
OLD DIFFEBENCES.
November and December Warrants
Allowed to Stand' as an Offset to
Money Illegally Paid and
Due the City.
The troublous times for the schoolteach
ers arc not yet at an end. From present
appearances their April salaries will be
withheld until such time as the differences
between the teachers and the City shall
have been finally adjusted. Auditor Asa
It. Wells, acting under the advice of his
attorney, General John 11. Dickinson, has
decided to take a stand in the matter and
have settled before it becomes too late
the accounts of the teachers.
Speaking for him yesterday General
Dickinson said: "When Mr. Wtlls audited
the January salaries of the teachers it
was with the express understanding that
they would take immediate steps to un
ravel the tangle in which their accounts
with the city were found. The court
held that they were illegally paid $100,000
last June and that they could not draw
any money from the city treasury until
that amount had been returned or offset.
Tho teachers took no steps in the matter,
and when February came around wo
stretched the law out of all recognizable
shape in. order that the teachers might
secure their pay tor which they were
clamoring.
"Within a few days it has been an
nounced that the teachers and the mer
chants have come to an agreement. Tha
merchants tako the $35,000, an unexpend
ed balance from the first half of the pres
ent fiscal year, and relinquish all claims
to share the money set aside for tho
teachers in the second half of the year.
This is all very well in its way, but there
are other parties at interest. At the end
of the fiscal year, in June, the Auditor's
books must balance and all the accounts
over which he has control must be closed.
The teachers and the merchants have paid
no heed to this. It is to force the issue
that we have taken the present stand.
"My suggestion has been that suit be
brought against Auditor Wells. It can
be taken to the Superior Court and he can
be ordered to audit the demand in ques
tion. This he will refuse to do. He can be
cited for contempt and the matter can be
taken at once to the Supreme Court on
a writ of habeas corpus. With all parties
to the suit seeking to expedite it a deci
sion should be handed down within thirty
days. The settlement of these affairs
has lagged too much. The attorneys
representing the various parties at inter
est have never met at one time and set
tled matters definitely. There has
a lack of concerted action, which would
hav.e resulted in something definite long
ago."
Persons familiar with the fight being
made by the teachers for the money due
them affirm that they do not know what
they want or what is best for them. I'hoy
have lost every suit they brought, b<
having adverse rulings handed down re
garding matters material to their cause.
The present stand taken by the Auditor
is expected to result in clearing the
ation. Both Mr. Wells and General Dick
inson have done everything in their power
to hely the cause of the teachers. In the
present instance they are providing
against possible confusion in the future.
They want to protect the bondsmen of
the Auditor from any suits that might re
sult from his failing to take due precau
tions in handling the business of his office.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POSTAL. INFORMATION— R. W., Sheep
Ranch, Cal. Fourth-class postmasters
are appointed by the Postmaster General.
Complaints in relation to a fourth-class
postmaster who has violated the postal
laws and regulations fhou. l be made to
the Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
at Washington, v. C. A United States
postal Inspector Is empowered to investi
gate irregularities in postoffices and to
investigate charges of fraud, losses of let
ters and packages and such matters as
would legitimately come withirf the pcopa
of an official who is employed to ferret
out wrongdoing.
DISTANCES— W., Phno, Cal. The dis
tance from San Francisco to Manila by
the great circle route is 6237 miles. From
San Francisco to Yokohama by tne same
route it is 4536, Yokohama to Hongkong
1590, and by direct route from San Fran
cisco to Yokohama the distance is 4721
miles. The distance from Hongkong to
Manila is 623 miles. According to the
United States track chart the distance
from San Francisco to Honolulu is 2100
miles. The Pacific Mai! Steamship Com
pany gives the following distances: To
Honolulu from San Fra>:< [SCO, 2086 m!les;
Honolulu to Yokohama, ."4^o miles; San
Francisco to Yokohama direct. 4800; Yoko
hama to Ilongk'mi;. 1620 miies.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per In at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IW>. •
As It Is in Boston.
Sentimental Wife (reading- from a novels
—Ami clasping hor to his heart, the hero
pressed his burning lips to her snowy
brow.
Practical Husband— Yes, and I'll bet a
dollar he's down with a cold in the next
chapter.— Chicago News.
rHE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Throe tim.^ a week; l\l d&jra to Chicago, 414
days to New Y..rk. Handsomegi train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket street.
There is at least one real Angostura Bitters—
Dr. Siegert's— and no other stomach bitters
"just as good." Avoid substitutes.
All Is Vanity.
Griggs— We human beings are curious
things, anyway.
"Wiggs— What's struck you now?
GriKgs— Why, when we're 50 we like to
be taken for 40, and when we get up to
SO or 90. we tell everybody we're 100 —
Brooklyn Life.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alton baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health or the present day.
- ___jjOV«l BAKINO POWOEB CO., HBW YOUK.GAS COMPANY
DEFIES THE
SUPERVISORS
Fruitless Discussion
Over Rates.
BISHOP'S FLING AT PHELAN
:es mayors claim that
RF.CEN : ACTION HOLDS.
Bays the Idea That the
SI 10 Rate Cannot Be Rescinded
Emanates 'From a Dis-
eased Brain."
The Supervisors h»ld yesterday -what
they were pleased to term an investiga
tion of the pas question. Like others
they have held recently, it was barren of
result; being a rethrashinr of old straw.
After a two hours' session the minority
members said the Inquiry was farcical
«md that nothing advantageous to the
city cn;;id come out of it. President
Crockett and other officers of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company
■were examined at considerable length,
but f"v.- additional facts were elicited.
Mr. Crockett testified that the cost of gas
delivered was $1 05 37-100.
When Mayor Phelan called the meet
ing to order there were but two mem
tt-rs of the board absent— Messrs. Collins
and Lackman. The board at once re-
F.-'lved Itself into committee of the whole,
with! Supervisor Phelps as chairman. Su
pervisor Kalben. '••■■■ as head of the
street Light Committee, should have
wielded the gavel, had enough of It the
previous day and gave-way to his asso
ciate. Mayor Phelan. who acted as chief
inquisitor, opened proceedings with a
general review of-aii the board had done
to solve the gas question. He held to the
epinion. which he expressed the day be
fore, that the law permitted the fixing
of a rate to be charged for gas but once
fi year. As the board had. he claimed, by
resolution determined upon a rate of -■ 10
per thousand cubic feet, it could take no
lurthvr action for another year. He be
lieved this to be a good law and that
It would stand. In the ahsenee of any
opinion from City and County Attorney
Lane, he thought it safe to presume that
to be the law.
"If the pas company believes that rate
will not compensate it on the real value
of us property," he said, "it can seek re
dress In the courts. While the matter is
pending there the householders need not
pay their bills, which would ultimately
result In groat loss to the company." He
believed its officials should meet the
board half way and agree to accept a
rate of J135, the board waiving any right
n might have to a still lower rate. He
cit^d the case of Oakland, where the rate
was fixed voluntarily by the pas com
pany at SI 50 for light arid $1 40 for heat
ing purposes. Undf.r these conditions he
thought a rate of $135 in this city would
do no violence to the interests of the San
1 rar.cisco Gas and Electric Company.
Replying to the argument of the Mayor
that the city had legal advantage over the
company.. Mr. Bishop said: "The mem
oers of this board will not sit here and i
w^ 6 need to the infamous proposition
that you have the gas company in a hole
and will force it to sacrifice its prop
• I do not believe one member wants
to r.x a rate at a rigure which will injure
i he property of the company. The legal
point upon which so much stress has '
been laid Is not worth a snap. It Is far
from the truth that people, takmg . : van
taf c °' a technicality, will not pay their
bills. No large body of people want to
c:nch the company. No rate has been
fixed by this board, because it nas re
scinded its action. We dispute the right
or theiboard to fix a rate, but we want
everything done that is right. Conditions
here differ from those in the East. All
the mat-rial that goes to make gas costs
more. As fast as we can intelligently re
cuce the price we -will 'do so. No one
wants peace and comfort morethan wedo."
Mr. Bishop scouted the Idea that the
board once having-, by resolution, axed
the rate at ?1 10 per thousand feet could
not change that figure for one . ear.
"The man who thinks the rate has been
fixed at $i 10 has a diseased mind," he
said. "It is only the emanation of a dis
eased mind." he continued, "that believes
The board has gained any legal advantage
up to the present time in its controversy
w;th the gas company."
Mayor Phelan was the first to give pub- !
licity to the idea that the board had I
gained a legal advantage. In his bland- I
est tones he asked to whom Attorney
Bishop referred— ex-City nd County At
torney Creswell; whose opinion he had !
quoted; Judge Coffey. who gave the de
( Isir.n originally, or himself.
"I referred to the man who think* the '
rate is fixed." replied Mr. Bishop. "I b»
lleve the rate was proposed by Supervisor
Holland." said his Honor. In the general
laugh that ensued the harsh remark of
Mr. Bishop was apparently forgotten.
It was intimated during the discussion
that the ?1 10 rate had never legally been
passed. The minutes of the meeting show
that the naming of this rate was only
hv. amendment to the existing ordinance
which flxf'P the price to be charged at :
n75 per thousand feet. Representatives
of the gas company claim that before it
can be adopted and become a law it
must co through the usual course of pass- ;
ing to print, final passage and be signed j
by the Mayor. From this it appears a
new rate can be fixed at any time the
board decides to act.
n President
■ the books
saying the
■ • ■m. He thought
do as much
■ : •
:>prox
and o5 cents ad
■
The net profit of
mpany last year
• • '• tprmined to
■ ■ r the matter to the board next
REQUIREMENTS OF THE
NEW PRIMARY LAW
\. ~JT\ EGISTRAR BIGGY has prepared the following instructions and sam- ©
♦ f T-\ plo 1..a110t for the enlightenment of those not familiar with the re- ♦
\ X I QUirementa of the new primary law: V
ii The voter .rr.ay write the names of his choice with pen or pencil. In th» party J^
♦^ column ho desires to vote; or he may attach In the proper place on the ballot with any ♦
•* adheslv* substance a slip of paper containing the names of his choice. Each voter may .*
', vote for as many namos for delegates as may be entitled to be elected to his party ♦
♦ rcr.vcr.tion from the primary precinct at which he votes, as apportioned by his party «3
♦ committee. Any person or combination of persons may print and circulate slips con- ♦
•* tair.ing the names for gates of their choice. On each slip shall be printed the *"
♦ party convention to which the delegates are to be elected. Note— No person must vote ♦
;• for dslesates to more than one party convention. No ballot will be valid which con- JS
4 tair.s mere names for delegates than there are to be elected from the precinct or dis- ♦
;5 trict as apportioned by the party committee. All i-uch will be disregarded and must Jg
not he counted.
.* The following I 3 the form of ballot to b« used: £$
♦ 4
•* Primary Election, Tuesday, August 8, 1599. £•
c * City and County of San Francisco. ♦
•:, Twenty-eighth Assembly District Primary Election Precinct No. 1. i*
* Vot? for delegates to the convention of one party only. ♦
» - . .'
2 ?T ! i U i >I l can Democratic • '.Citizens 1 Part lean Socialist Labor .*
* Delegates. Delegate.. Delegates. Delegates. ♦
. For Delegates For Delegates For Delegates For Delegates ♦
• J „ r °, To To To ♦*
♦ , Republican Democratic Citizens' Non-Partisan . Socialist Labor 4
c. . Local Convention. Local Convention. Local Convention. Local Convention. r.
j ote I- or Only. \ ote For only. I Vote For Only. Vote For Only. <"
5 rE:::::::::::::::|J :::::::::::::EP :! r ::=:::::::::::::: i ZZZ7 :E= ?
*t j U ::::; 3 ::::::::::::::::::::::::: i ::::::::::::::::::::::: >
v * h j* i «
\ ■ ::::::::::::::::::"|6 ::::::::::::::::::::::::j| :::::;;::;:::;:;:;::;;;;: ::::::::::::::::::;:::: v
-• % ::::::::::::::::::::ig I::::::::::::::::::::::::; ::::::::::::::::::::::::: ::::::::::::::::::::::: &
&
**»»•..•-•--•- . •-> . m-\ . »^ .•« - •-! .m* - >*> . --. -- -- _- — -.» — -* .-. -*. -.-, ** -Jt
NOTABLE VISITORS
AT A RECEPTION
.Major Belle L, Reynolds, the Only
Woman Ever Presented With a
Commission.
MAJOR BELLE L. REYNOLDS and General W. T. Bennett.
guish^d members of the N;t- - lety, were the g
I >hn F. Merrill at an informal reception held at her resi
ivenue and Washington street, last even
i the officers and some of the members
of th» - lety and were gladly welcomed by them. The reception, al
though brought about by invitations hurriedly sent out over the telephone.
''"he Bpacloua rooms of t ' I mansion wen
filled with those who. under the leadership of Mrs. W. R. Harrington and
the charming hostess, did so much for the boys in blue now at Manila, a
inter- Lng was spent in conversation and listening to excellent mu
sic.
Major Reynolds and General Bennett will short!:/ leave for Manila for
the ; ' - the sick and wounded in the name of the humane or
ganization they repp - Bennett has just come from Porto Rico,
where Inestimable ; :*rs during the campaign
and afterward. On his arrival in Manila he will immediately take suner
• if the R« : ■ rk. This will r>- : \*-v- the California society, which
baa ■■■ furnished the sick and wounded with necessaries
and the car
Major Reyr. 3anta Barbara, but when she was
. ■ . the Philipp;: ft for this city and arrived yester
day.
She Is known throughout th* United States for th»» splendid work she
did during- the Civil War. She served with distinction during the entire war
and was the on'.y w«man appointed to the rank of major of the regular
army. She received her commission after the battle of Chattanooga. Dr.
Reynolds was also appointed one of the medical staff of the National Red
•n. During the recent troubles in Armenia she made appli
catlon • Bent to that distant country, but no one was sent there. It
v;, .- h»r desire to enter the service ever since the opening of the Spanißh
war. and at last her wish has been gra: •
Dr. Reynolds is a woman, of great experience as a surgeon and nurse,
and is splendidly fitted for this service.
Dr. John Watson,
Hugh Montgomery, Stephen T. Gaße,
Gavin McNab, Sam Braunhart. Mar
shall P. Wilder, Rolla V. Watt and
others, make up ' :umns of
fcer On" in to-day's News Letter.
The handicap <>f the daily press, the
returning Boldter boya and the '"mine
campaign and other timely a
iitorial pages: an Interesting New
York '-'> news, sketches,
stories and miscellaneous matter, all in
to-days News Letl
Shot at Her Brother-in-Law.
The preliminary examination of Ida F.
Nolan, charged with assault to murder,
in firing two shots at Alfred Rosenthal,
her brother-in-law, at the family resi
dence 1*23 Bush street, was commenced
before Judge Graham yesterday. Rosen
thai testified as to defendant firing the
two shots at him. one of them being
through the door of the room where he
and his mother-in-law and two children
were. This closed the case for the prose
cution and the defense will go on this
morning.
Ro^enthal at the Zinkand.
•y at <iir
n»r the Oth« •_•■•.-;.••'. •
Pole Extension Favored.
The Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs has placed Itself on record
as favoring the resolution introduced by
Supervisor ridge for the extension of
electric poles outside of the fire limits.
The following is a copy of the resolu
tion adopted:
Resolved. That the Federation of Minion
Improvement Clubs appeals to the Board of
Supervisors to reconsider Its action In re
fusing to allow the Mutual Light Company
to erect poles and wires outside of the fire
limits. This federation believes that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
prantine of the privilege as Introduced by
Supervisor Attridge will be of the greatest
benefit to the citizens and taxpayers In that
It will give competition and in all prob
ability a decided cheapening of lighting,
both for municipal and private purposes.
Ocean .7ater Tub Baths.
VI Seventh St.. corner Mission. Salt water.
direct from ocean.
■ ♦ .
F. Chevalier's Will.
1 o-day, • . amen."
With tn< F. Chevalier begins
his will, which was filed for probate yes
. The testator, wh ently
bequeaths an estate valued at about $30
- George Fortune Paul Chev
alier, in trust for himself and other rela
tives of the deceased. Of this amount
the testator directs that $100 be paid the
son of Elinore Beziade. whom he recog
ri~ his child and to whom he gave
his family name and the Christian title
sandre Nicolas Paul, with
bat when the natural son
ag< ■ ■'. E5 .ears he is to have
an additional legacy of $5000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACKACHE is a symptom.
Something makes the backache and that something
requires attention or the backache can never be perma-
nently stopped. " I suffered for years with a long list of
troubles," writes Mrs. C. Klenk, of Wells, Minn. (Box 151), to
Mrs. Pinkham. "and I want to __ .
thank you for my complete re- taffgr m /a J39JfJ£ff
covery. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- Wr ff ffW fclTiT
table Compound is a wonderful &%&*>
medicine for women. %3a
" I had severe female complaints •__ *m o%*u m f^SLMXT
causing terrible backache and ncr- o#l Vflil Vfllb \
vous prostration; was dizzy most of '
the time, had headache and such a tired feeling. I now have
taken seven bottles of your Compound and have also used the
Sanative Wash and feel like a new woman. I must say I never
had anything help me so much. 1 have better health than I
ever had in my life. I sleep well at night, and can work all
day without feeling tired. I give Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
,_^,^_^_ v _ _^^ table Compound all the
*• . _ • expelled. I was a little
frightened and sent for the doctor; and he said that it was for-
tunate for me that it came away. I got quite well after that
and have your Compound alone to thank for my recovery."
Multitudes of women suffer constantly with backache. Other
grateful multitudes have been relieved of it by Mrs. Pinkham's
advice and medicine. Z: ~ f .
UNION SAILORS
ON STRIKE FOR
HIGHER WAGES
Bad Blood Brewing
on the Front.
MANY VESSELS ARE TIED UP
TWO CREWS TAKEN OUT OF THE
BARKENTINE MONITOR.
Police Compelled to Drive Union Men
Away From the Schooner Mary
Buhne — A Union Patrol
man Surprised.
Eight vessels which were anchored off
Meiggs wharf yesterday and the day be
fore have had quite a lively time owing to
the Inability of their captains to secure
crews because of the action of the Sailors'
Union in raising wages by $10 over the ad
vance made by the Shipowners' Associa
tion. The recent departure of the fleet
for the Alaskan canneries has withdrawn
about 6000 men from "the beach," and the
consequence is that sailors are scarce.
Three of the eight vessels managed to
get away yesterday. They -were the
schooner Dora Bluhm. bark C. D. Bry
ant, ard the barkentine Monitor. The five
that remain are the schooner Mary
Buhne. barkentine Mary Winkelman, bark
Prussia, schooner Vine, and schooner
Daisy Rnwp. The Sailors' Union deter
mined that the vess< Is should not =-aii un
less they employed union men. and not
doing bo would have to fight to get away.
Accordingly the Union had their agents
hide among the lumber piles around
Meiggs wharf, and when the "scab" sail
ora made their appearance preparatory to
going aboard they wfr* pounced upon and
badly beaten. Sergeant Bunner and Offl
cer Ferguson were detailed to keep the
it despite their presence the
union men seemed to have the best of it.
The barkentine Monitor had the worst
time of the fleet. Her captain shipped
different crews before he was able
The union men were de
termined that the Monitor should not sail
with a "scab" crew, and took the desper
ate action of sending two of their num
tfonitor, who threw all the
crew overboard. On the
Mary Buhne matters were getting lively
and Sergeant Bunner and Officer Fergu
- n had to go aboard and drive the union
men off.
("aptain Jensen of the Prussia came
ishore to pee how matters were progress
g when a big union man announced his
{•■termination to "do up" the captain. The
:i was accompanied by a short and
sturdy runner who is quite an adept in
pugilism.
- c me swipe him." said the brawny
union man as he started for the captain.
The captain, unconscious of Impending
trouble, was making for a car when the
>- hailed him in abusive language.
The runner shot out his right, landed
on the sailor's jaw and he went down in
a heap. Captain Jensen continued his
journey unmolested. There does not seem
•■ . ■ •cc of the five vessels get
■-. Meiggs wharf is care
pat rolled, and tl s are that
■ 1 of the union men. who are doing
all in their ~ower to prevent the depar
ture of these vessels, will make the ac
quaintance of the prison officials before
"The trouble l.« not of our own mak
ing." - etary Naylor of the Ship
owners' Association yesterday. "Early in
the month the members of the associa
tion met and raised the wages of sailors
from $2."> to $30 for coal vessels and from
$30 to $3.t a month for lumber v.
Soon afterward I received a i-ommunica
tion from Andrew Furuseth. secretary of
the Seamen's I'nion of the Pacific Coast.
Btating ; nftt at a meeting of the sailors
it had been decided that wages should
in the fu'ure be $40 for coal and $45 for
lumber vessels, and asking for a confer
ence between the board of directors of
our association and the board of man
agers of the union. I laid the matter be
fore A. M. Simpson, our president: Wil
liam E Mighell. our rice president; Cap
tain Charles Nelson and others. They de
cided that, as owners of the vessels, they
had a right t" fix what wares they were
able to pay. and that a conference was
not necessary. <">f course men are scarce
üble in getting ves
iway, but I think the association
will be able to keep its end up."
The sailers assert that $40 for coal and
$4.i for lumber vessels Is only a fair wage.
the advance in freights and
the fact that not enough vessels can be
handle the business. There
fore, they argue, the sailor has as good
a right to share in the genera! prosperity
as anybody else. The men are prepared
to make a hitter fight.
The Thetis to Go North.
Albert H. Buhner. lieutenant in rhar*e
of the revenue cutter Golden Gate, has
been assigned to the Thetis to patrol the
sealing grounds off the coast of Alaska.
The McCullocii is at Mare Island prepar
ing to go to Manila to Join Dewey's fleet.
npHE pleasant method and beneficial effects of the well-known remedy, Syrup of Figs, manufactured
A by the California Fig Syrup Company, illustrate the value of obtaining the liquid laxative principles
of plants known to be medicinally laxative and presenting them in the form most refreshing to the tasta
and acceptable to the system. It is the one perfect strengthening laxative,
CLEANSING THE SYSTEM EFFECTUALLY, DISPELLING
COLDS AND HEADACHES, PREVENTING FEVERS,
OVERCOMING HABITUAL CONSTIPATION PERMANENTLY.
Its perfect freedom from every objectionable quality and substance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, gently yet promptly, without weakening or irritating them, make it the ideal laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs are used, as they are pleasant to the taste, but
THE MEDICINAL QUALITIES ARE OBTAINED FROM SENNA AND OTHER AROMATIC PLANTS,
by a method known to the California Fig Syrup Company only. In order to get its beneficial effects, and
to avoid imitations, please remember the foil name of the Company printed on the front of every package.
Consumers of the choicest products of modern commerce purchase at about the same price that others
pay for cheap and. worthless imitations. To come into universal demand and to be everywhere considered
'he best of its class, an article must be capable of satisfying the wants and tastes of the best informed
purchasers. The California Fig Syrup Company having met with the highest success in the manufacture
■nd sale of its excellent liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs, it has become important to all to have a
knowledge of the Company and its product. The California Fig Syrup Company was organized more than
ifteen years ago, for the special purpose of manufacturing and selling a laxative remedy which would be
more pleasant to the taste and more beneficial in effect than any other known. The great value of the
remedy, as a medicinal agent and of the Company's efforts, is attested by the sale of millions of bottles
annually, and by the high approval of most eminent physicians. . As the true and genuine remedy named
Syrup of Figs is manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Company only, the knowledge of that fact
will assist in avoiding the worthless imitations manufactured by other parties.
*o<//sv,bbe,*<- e^c^Q
For Sale by All Dru^ishs , Price 50 & ? Per Bottle.
AMUSEMENTS. %
COLUMBIAJTHEATER.
LAST 2 PERFORMANCES.
.BOSTONIANS.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
ROBIIN HOOD.
I EXTRA-NEXT MONDAY,
ROLAND REED
IN GEORGE H. BROADHURST'S COMEDY.
"THE WRONG MR, WRIGHT."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
' EVERY EVENING I.N'^l.l'tilVG SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
FUN TO BURN.
Brays
Eg] j| JOHNNY—
Sp iW in the howling farce,
1 A HOT
V OLD TIME!
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mra. Ernestine Kreline. Proprietor and Mgrr.
matinee To-day at i
THIS EVENING AT 8.
LAST TIME OF
The French Vaudeville Operetta,
THE LITTLE TROOPER.
"She Is a Daisy, Daisy. Daisy."
Seats now selling: for
NEXT WEEK— The Merry Comedy Opera,
"THE GEISHA."
•A TALE OF A TEA HOUSE."
With CHAS. W. SWAIN. FRANK COFFIN,
TILLIE SALINGER, GEORGIE COOP-
ER added to the company.
Popular Prices. 2ac and aOc. our Telephone,
BASEBALL!
OAKLAND
vs.
SANTA CRUZ.
TO-DAY AT 3 P.M.
SUNDAY AT 2:15 P.M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison sts.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SAT.. APRIL 22.
Parquet, any seat, 23c; Balcony, ioc; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
GREAT NEW COMEDY BILL.
FAVOR AND SINCLAIR,
In Their New Act. "A High Roller."
CLARICE VANCE. Rag-Time Comedy.
TOM AND LILY ENGLISH. Musical Com*- '■
dlans.
THE ANDERSONS, Darkto-wn Comedy.
LILLIAN BURKHART AND COMPANY in
New Farce Comedy, "Extravagance. "
MARSHALL P. WILDER, New Stories.
HENGLER SISTERS. PANTZER BRO3.
AND MI.LE. LARDINOIS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO. PAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW, SUNDAY,
Last Performances of
A BAD LOT
Invented by the Paultons for Its fun-producing
qualities.
Next Monday— Madison-square Theater, j
New York, Success.
CrtPXAIIN SWIFT.
THE GREAT HISTORICAL PANORAMA,
BATTLE OF j
MANILA BAY
Market street, near Eighth.
OPEN DAILY FROM 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION. 50c; Children. 25c.
This panorama is a correct representation of
the great fight. The landscape, bay and ships
have been painted by artists purposely sent to
Manila; and returning naval officers and others
have assisted by furnishing correct data, thus
enabling the management to reproduce the j
battle as it was fought by Admiral Dewev,
historically and absolutely correct In every de- i
tail. Same general style as Waterloo and ;
Gettysburg, but surpassing (hem in artistic
merit and Interest, showing not only the bat-
tie but • the beautiful blue Hay of Manila
with Its villages and cities along the shores.
GLEN PARK!
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS SUNDAY.
Vaudeville Show— Pigeon Race— Concert. ,
■ ! JACK STMONDS.
Famous Conversationalist.
DUMAS AND MONT.
Black Face Comedians. '
! PER LE LEE.
Terpslchorean Fremler. i
; JOHNSON AND DURANT
In Musical Selections, i
■ CAMPBELL AND LEIGH.
The Race Horse Sports.
Admission 10 cents; "Children" under 5 rears ;
V" free.
All San Mateo Electric Cars Direct to Park
Entrance. Valencia, Mission and Sutter street
lines transfer.
GLEN PARK— week days from If a. m. .
Admission 5 cents. __ : - . •. ; . I
' : ■ - - ■ ■*■'•: ■":. "
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, coe oohp h e ° r m , c
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
> LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
ERMINIE !
Every Member of This Famous Lyric Organ-
ization In the Cast.
FRIDAY EVENING FULL DRES3
PRICES:
Orchestra 50c, 75c and II
Dress Circle (Reserved) 500
Family Circle (Reserved) 2So
Gallery is a
MATINEE TO-PAY. SATURDAY.
Prices, 15c. 25c and 50c; Nothing Higher.
MONDAY— "EL CAPITAN."
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
April 22 and 23
CLASSICAL EVENTS.
Sapling and Open Stakes.
PRIZE MONEY.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Totvnsend sts Saturday,
12:55 p. m. ; Sunday. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m.
Twenty-fifth and Valencia sts. 0 minutes later.
Returning from Park immediately after last
course. Extra train from Park on Sunday,
4:45 D. m. San Mateo electric cars every 10
minutes.
ADMISSION. I-* cents. LADIES FREE.
CONCERTS AND REoOBTS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishla*
tad other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. !sc; Children. 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 11:18,
I and < p. m. Returning, leave El C»mpo at
11:13 a. a.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
REDUCED prices of ADMISSION. 25 cents:
children, 10 cents. MARVELOUS MOVING
PICTURES: POPE LEO XIII: return of
heroes of the late war. and over forty other
moving views; vocal and instrumental music
Afternoons. 3 o'clock: evenings. 8:15 o'clock.
rCblobeater'* Eaciitb Diamond Brand.
EHHYROVAL PILLS
H2»""X Original and Only Gemb -. A.
fif7r£\ •*«. rsliitkla. ukOiCh tik fiTV
f:J\ _pv*a. r>miji«t for CMchattr < Bnglith XKa-£f%y.
tr%*P%«»Q^>»<m4 Brand la Red and .id meulUeVUEr
T^ --OftWpoiM ►•»)«» with bine ribbon. Take
"Ttl «gi w^toother. Reftu* da&gertut 9ubsiitu~ t/
I / /rr turn mi imitation. A\ Drusj^itg, or aend 4rCb
I » JJf in na-3f» for cartietilirj, tMtlasoalils sa4
\f JB ** K*ll«f Tor JLadieo." (1 law, by retmra
■^V_^X' MalL T»«t;3BDii'.« /Taw- Paper.
_ . /""" "T Cil<>hc«ter Ckeadcal Ce., >1 adiion Kg ■«■«,
Ma \j all Local UroggUti. 1 1 HI L I A.. VA
DR.MCNULTY.
H^HIS W ELI -KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1. SpecialLstcurrs Private. Nervous, anil Blood Dis-
eases i^. M»"ii only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Met;. free. Ovfr 20 y'r*' pxpprienee.
Patietitacnmlftt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3<lu!ir;tf.aotoB:%> ev'gs. Su:xl.iys, K>tol2, Consul-
tation free and sacredly ifideattai Call.oraddreaa
P. ROSCOE 7 L.TY. M.».
26' i Hearny St., San Francisco. CmL
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley Quieter.
Other cereals dull.
Dried Peas firmer.
Beans and Seeds about the earn*
Hay continues steady.
Bran and Middlings unchanged-
Potatoes steady. Onions weak.
Asparagus and String Beans higher.
Butter and Eggs easy.
Cheese slightly lower.
Poultry still la light supply.
Game about out.
Cherries scarce and firm.
Strawberries higher.
Limes advanced.
Oranges in small stock.
Dried fruit unchanged.
Cured Meats firm.
Wool selling fairly.
Hides rather quieter. Hops nominal.
Hogs continue firm.
Increased exports of Salmon.
NATIONAL TRADE FOR MARCH.
The foreign commerce of the United States
for March compares as follows:
IS9R. 1?99.
Fxrorts J112.517.5«3 1104.463,969
F^ons ::::::::.::.:....■
ExceSS export! $61,310,428 $31,670,769
A decrease of $$.354,000 in exports and an In
crease of $11.25»i.'100 in Imports confirms the
Ftatements previously made that our Imports
are steadily crawling up on our exports, we
are doing more domestic business than ever,
but are buying considerably more goods
abroad.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT&
The movement of sold to and from the
Vnited States for March compares aa fol
-1OW6: 1898. 1899.
Imports - $30,200,265 13.157.575
IKS .:.:.:.:..:. KSiBSS 1.109,845
Excess imports 529,541.431 $2,077,730
of the export last month $375,000 went from
Ban Francisco to Honolulu.
The silver movement for March compares as
follows: a 01899
Exports t3.995.813 |0.25«.«07
Imports 44.1.352 3,12:..^9
Excess exports $3,550,461 $1,160,748
EXPORTS OF SALMON".
Exports of Sain from this port during: the
first quarter of the year amounted to 106,128
cases and 3292 packages, valued at $442,000,
against 76.«4«'» cns*>s an.l 3227 packages, at $3ns,
--800 during the same time In ISSS.
COFFEE OUTPUT.
Official estimates place the world's produc
tion of coffee for the crop year ending July 1.
19M. at 13,608,000 haps, which Is an Increase of
1.195.C00 bags over the current year, but is
etilli below the high water mark of 1897-8, which
•was 15.574.000 bags. This represents a con
sumption of over 2,000,000 pounds annually.
Th» figures show that the United States now
Consumes over 40 per cent of all the coffee dis
posed of in the world.
WEATHER PORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time)
SAX FRANCISCO, April 2!. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as comp;ir»"«I with those of samp date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Turvka 0.00 31.55 31.16
Red Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 $.87
Pin Francisco <VOO 15.38 7 73
Fresno 0.00 6.62 4.16
fan Luis Oblspo 0.00 14.82 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 6.2»
Fan Diego 0.00 4.54 4.18
Vuma 0.00 1.34 1.6 i
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 49; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is Generally cloudy over the
western portion of the country. Light rain
has fallen over Western Washington and the
northern Rocky Mountain region.
The pressure has risen ■ -: Idly over the
northwestern portion of the country and fallen
over the Rocky Mountain and plateau regions.
The temperature has risen over Nevada,
Utah and Arizona and fallen where west of
the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weather in California Saturday.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for SO hours
ending midnight April 22, lstf>:
Northern California —Partly cloudy Saturday:
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California—Partly cloudy Saturday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada—-Cloudy and threatening Saturday;
cooler.
Utah—Cloudy and threatening Saturday.
Arizona—Partly cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity—Partly cloudy
Saturday; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. "WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK BTOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 21.— Prices were mostly
lower until the final hour, when the .strength
of Louisville and Nashville and some cover-
Ing of shorts left th* market irregularly
chant- for the day. For the greater part the
market was dull and heavy, but prices fluc
tuated without uniformity. Little attention
was given to the Samoan situation, but un
favorable err p reports were reflected in a mod
erate way amon>j the grangers, which, how
ever, left off unchanged. There was evidence
of reaction and London sold Anaconda. Among
the specialties showing weakness during the
telling movement were Tennessee Coal and
Iron, Brooklyn Transit. Continental Tobacco,
Anaconda Mining, International Silver and
American Smelting. Strength appeared in
New Jersey Central and I^ke rle and Mexican
Central. Colorado Fuel and Iron lumped 4
points on rumors that it was lo be absorbed by
Federal Steel, hut the officials of the latter
company denied this. Colorado Coal and Iron
was also very strong. Metropolitan and Third
Avenue and New York Central were weak. In
terests usually prominent In the mark- I held
aloof and commercial business was at ,i low
ebb. th* total dealings for the day being less
than half a million shares.
The disposition was bown in some quarters
to await advices as to the conditions of winter
wheat. Moreover, there was a desire to see
what the money maikot developments will be.
I'ea lings were largely confin-d to the board
mnm traders. The market closed strong.
Notwithstanding the unsatisfactory character
Of the stock speculation railway bonds con
tin • to forge upward, with the well-known
Issues in Rood demand. Total sales, $3,650,000.
United States new 4s registered and the old
i's coupon advanced i i i in the bid price.
Totnl sales of storks to-lay amounted to 230 -
0™ shares. Including: American .Smelting and
Refining, 5600; do pr-ferr.-i. 4500; American
Kteel and Wire. fi2oo; Anaconda, 17.6n0; Atchlson
preferred. 12.300; Brooklyn Transit. 1900; do
Rights. 10.2)0; Burlington, 18.500; Chicago Great
Western. 6600; Colorado Fuel and Iron, 21,500;
C. H. V. and -I. 4900; Consolidated Gas, 5000
Continental Tobacco, 21,600; Federal Steel 15 -
BOO; K. C. P. and (;.. 3400; Louisville and Nash
ville, 28.fi00; Manhattan Consolidated .„;..,,• Mex
ican Central. 25,600; Mexican National', 7900-
Missouri Pacific, 6600; National steel 4000 New
Jersey Central. 6300; New York Central. 4100;
Norfolk and Western. 8000; North American,'
B3o't; People p < ,as and Coke. 1000; Reading first
preferred. 8300; Hock Island. MOO; .-i Paul 16 -
&<"■<'; Southern Railway preferred, 16 500; Ten
nessee Coal and Iron. 15.700- Union Paciflc
3700; W. and I. E.. MOO; silver Bullion 5000 '
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchieon .'■■-. .-• i. & s W 12%
Do prefd .... 01 , Do prefd 34*,
Baltimore & Ohio. 72 [81 Paul 127*
Canada Pacific E^, 1 Do prefd ... 169
Canada Southern.. 57's 81 P & On 95
Cent I'ac F. 1%» Do prefd "i 65
Ches & Ohio 27"i So Pacific 33%
Chi & Alton 16S So Hallway 13
Chi B & Q H3^ Do prefd . , .-, 4 ,,
Chi & E 111 73 Texas A- Pacific .. 23*
Do prefd 122 L'nlon Pacific .... 4i\
Chi G W 15H Do prefd .... 79%
Chi Ind & L 10 t; P D& Q 12%
Do prefd *>'■■:■ W.ibash 8
Chi & N W 160% Do prefd 23%
Do prefd 193 Wheel & I, E UU.
C C C & 81 L.... 60% Do prefd 36
Do prefd 97 Expres? Companies—
Del & Hudson 124% Adams Ex 112
Del L & W 174 American Ex 14')
Den & Rio G 22% United States 53
Do prefd 76 Wells Fargo 127
Erie new 134 1 Miscellaneous —
Do Ist prefd .... 37% A Cot Oil 3*14
Ft Wayne 184 Do prefd 93
Gt Nor prefd 18814 Amn Spirits 1414
Hocking Val 10^4 Do prefd 35%
Illinois Cent 11-i'i Am Tobacco 224
Lake Erie & W... Km Do prefd 143
Do prefd 69 Cons Gas 200
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable C 0....150. ...150
Louis & Nash .... 88% Col F & Iron 33
Manhattan L 124 Do prefd 112
Met St Ry 2«5% Gen Electric 11S%
Mich Cent ........113 Haw Coml Co ....100
Minn & St L 52 Brooklyn R T....131%
Do Ist prefd 99 Intnl Paper S3
Mo Pacific 50% Do prefd 83
Mobile & 0hi0.... Laclede Gas 04 1 -
Mo X & T 13 Lead 34%
Do prefd 40% Do prefd H3'.i
V J Central 121'4'Nat Lin Oil 4
N V Central 139% Pacific Mall stt£
X V Chi &St L.... 14 .People's Gas 126%
Do in prefd .... 66 'Pullman Pal 16014
Do 2.1 prefd ... 32 Silver Cert 60
Nor West 19*4 Standard R & T.. 10%
No Amer Co 1!>, Sugar 165
No Pacific 52V41 Do prefd 116
Do prefd 76 % T C * Iron 60
Ontario * W 27% r S Leather 6%
Or 11 * Nay prefd. 70 I Do prefd 7114
Or Short Line .... 41% D S Rubber 7?
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 85 I Do prefd 116
Do 2d prefd .... 58 I West Union 92%
Plttsburg IR4 lAmn Steel 66%
Reading 24 ' Do prefd 9S
Do let prefd .... 66% Fed Steel 6R%
BO W 34 I Do prefd 86%
Be Steia. ........ "3 |Pa« Coast  40
Rock Island 116% ' Norfolk & W pfd. 67% j
fit L & 8 F 11% Colo Southern 6V4
Do prefd 70 Do Ist prefd 51
Do 2d prefd .... 30V; Do 2d prefd .... 20
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 100 Do 4s 94
Do 3s leg- 10$ N V Cent lets 115
Do 3s coup li>3 N T J Cent gen 05.. .119*4
Do new 4s reg 12? So Carolina 6s 127
Do new 4s c0up. .1304 Do 4s 104
Do old is reg....li:;>., No Pacific lsts 120
Do old 4s c0up. ..113 Do 3s 68 V4
Do os reg :. -.11194 Do 4* 103%
Do 6s coup 113 N' V C & St L 4s. ..106
Dist of C 3.65s 117 'Nor &\V con 45.... 93%
Alabama class A. .110 Do gen 6a 130
Do class B 110 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112% i
Do class C 113 Do 4s 103
Do Currency 100 Oregon SL 6e 130%
Alchison gen 45....101U Do con f>s 112
Do adj 4s S3 Reading gen 4s 89
Canada So 2ds 11l Rio G W Ist? 97%
Ches & Ohio 445.. 94% 81 L & I M con 1104
Do 5s 120*-;.! ?t L & S F gen 65. 123
Chi & N W con 75. 144% St Paul con 16S*»
I Do S F deb 55... I*3 St PC & P 15t5.... 121
Chi Term 4s 100 I Do Ba 121%
Den & Rio G .1084 So Railway Es 108%
Do 4* 101% Stand R &. T 65... $9%
ETV & G lsts...!!.'.') 1 * Term new pet 35... 97
Erie gen 4s 72 Tex & Pac 15U....114
FW& D C lsts... 854 Do 2ds 54%
Gen Electric 5s 1164 Union Pac 4s 10574
3H&S A6s 11l IT PD & G lsts.... 90
Do 2ds ill vVabash lsts 117
H * T C 5? 112 Do Ms : PS*?
Do con 6s 110 'West Shore 4s 114..
lowa Cent lsta 1094 \Vi B Cent l?ts 6?4
X C P & G lets.... 66%i\"a Centuries 84
La new con 4s 109% I Do Deferred 9.
Lft N unified 45... 97 Colo Southern 45.. 86%
M X & T 2ds KS4 ' .".:■:
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 15 Ophir 100
Con Cal & V 1 80 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 2 60
Gould & Curry '&■ '• Do prefd, ex-d... 750
Hale & Norcross.. SO Sierra Nevada 85
Homestake 55 00 Standard 2 50
Iron Silver 65 Cnton Con 40
Mexican M fellow Jacket 3 60
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— tßd Elec Tel 200
Tall loans 3 <J?4 Mich Tel 86
Time- loans 84G44 Atch prefd 614
Stocks — Bonds —
Atch Top & St Fe. 204 Atchlson 4a 100
Ajner Sugar 164% jWls Cent Is 69
Do prefd 117 ' Mining Shares —
Bell Tel 862 Allouez Mm C 0.... 11
Boston *■ Albany. .2s4 Atlantic 39
Boston & Maine.. .l7s Boston & Mont 376
Boston L 99% Butte & Boston 96
?hi Bur & Q 143% Calumet & Hecla..S3o
ntchburg 119 Centennial 44
Gen Electric 119 Franklin 26%
Federal Steel 68 Old Dominion 46
Do prefd 864 Dsceola 92
Mexican Central... 14V*iQulncy' 165
Did Colony 209 'Tamarack 235
Rubber 52 .Wolverine 47*4
Union Pacific 4«4 Parrott 6'
{Vest End 96 Adventure 13 1
Do prefd 1154 Humboldt 1H
Weetlngh Elec 49 L'nlon Land 8%
Do rrefd 64 <Winona 164
Wis Cent 14
THR LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle and dull to-day, ex
cept In copper shares. The feature was Ana
cnr.da. which opened at l '■* bid and promptly
Jumped to 11%. then weakened to II 1 . and closed
at 11V The double option to end with the year
was sold at 2\4®3 Tlntos were 46%; These have
been gold dealers who want to buy Ana
ennda. Borne Americans were heavy and unin
teresting all day. The movements were frac
tional and the close was about the Opening
level.
CLOSING.
LONDON. April 21.— Canadian Pacific, 92:
Northern Pacific preferred, 80%: Union Pacific
preferred, 81%; Grand Trunk. -"■.. bar silver,
dull, 27 7 »d per ounce; money, IViISW per cent.
FRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL. REVIEW.
NEW* YORK. April 21.— Bradstreet's finan
cial review will to-morrow say:
More or less Irregular tendencies have been
shown In speculation this week. The crop
prospect? have played a considerable part In
determining the drift of sentiment and with
the pending uncertainty about the situation of
the winter wheat and the outlook for the
spring crop there has been an apparent dis
position on the part of the larger Interests in
■Wall street to wait until a clearer view of
the situation can be had. The public Inter
est In the market has fallen off and profes
sional manipulation has been neither bo gen
eral nor pronounced. In fact some of the
traders displayed a readiness to act on the
bear side, though they are quick to cover on
the slightest appearance of danger. The
Granger and Pacific stocks have consequently
been uncertain in their action, while the coal
stocks and some of the railroad specialties
continued to be the objects of bullish sup
port. The industrials, while not neglected,
were by no means as prominent as tnoy have
been for some time past. Money was on
the whole In better supply and showed Increas
ing ease. There is. however, still not a lit
tle discrimination practiced in regard to the
Industrials as collateral for loans and broker
age houses U^ive developed additional conser
vatism about speculative dealings on margin
In them. The week has accordingly been with
out any sensational developments In connection
with the newer class of securities and in the
rather diminished volume ol transactions the
standard stocks have supplied more than their
recent quota of dealing?. London has not been
| a factor of Importance, the only worthy incident
! in the American market there being a rise In
i Anaconda mining shares, said to be due to
I heavy buying for American account.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, April 21.— R. G. Hun <fc fn.'s
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
Nothing appears in business or in money mar
kets to prevent continuance of the heaviest
trade ever transacted at good profits. The pay
ment to Spain Is supposed to have caused some
rise In foreign exchange which would amount to
nothing in any case, as balances due from other
countries more than cover the payment, and ad
vance bills against the crop to come forward
In July and later will soon be offered. Loans
on Industrial securities are still at higher rates
than on railway stocks, hut on good commpr-
da! paper or raili ample
. ■ ■ ' aye stock < ■;••■> .i
inj appearance ot pressure The
financing of new corporations has pass
far with less trouble than had br.-Ti feared,
th< !:k-h the completing of s ime organ! zat
hinde: . failed. The usual tim
financial troubles In the spring has passed and
lal alarm about crops has done Its work
and Ftlll industries are undisturbed The one
hindrance in st.*-k speculation Is
the crops, bu( better unofficial reports have
supported inferences warranted by the heavy
r icetpts from the firms in the West and
smith. Farmers do not send wheat or ■
to market In large quantities when crops any
where near them are extensively spoiled. Wheat
receipts have been 7,511,343 bushels, ai
13 last year. In three weeks of April, and
the improvement since April 1 is worthy of
notice. Exports have fallen off amounting
from both coasts to only 8,774,774 bushels. Hour
Included. In three weeks, against 10,919.122 last
year, and the price closes but half a cent higher
"than last week.
Nothing but industrial depression is left to
apprehension, but the Industries are
meeting something very unlik.- depre slon. The
kind of "lull" that adpears in the iron market
rejoices the manufacturers, because they are
crowded far ahead with orders. It means, very
true, that many buyers do not want i
tract far ahead at the high prices now asked,
H'l'l al«s that many orders have been for a
time withdrawn. It nisi. ni"ans that manufac
turers who ar" so crowded that little new imsi
taken are anxious to get nearer the
I their engagements before fixinc prices
for the future. Almost nothing is don< In pig
iron, though Pout hern is sold largely at
cai-o and Pittsburg. Heavy demands for bars
to be used in car ami other works cam
met at Chicago. Plate mills there and else
where are refusing orders. Contracts foi
to 10,000 tons structural work at I'ittshurg and
Rome at Chicago are taken, though many others
are deferred, and shots i
th<! works are generally too crowded. The coke
tlon Is still close to the maximum.
London speculation lifted tin to 2!
Of 4440 tons arrived here, and copper Is very
strong and scarce at 18% C for J,ak<\ wll
tons brought back from Europe, though the
United States production was only 21, y. -
In March.
Men who have held wool stiffly for more than
a year are selling freely at bottom prices, ad
mittedly the lowest of th" year Sales at three
chief markets in two weeks have been 23,204,
--285 pounds, of which 17,37.>;, were domestic,
against 16,906,100 founds In 1892. Territory wool,
pounds, was sold for export to England,
and 1,260,000 pounds Australian In bond, which
has been held here fifteen months, fine \v, H >l
being very high there, while crossbred Is so
low that It cannot be Import »d. With assur
ance of better prospects for poods, woolen
manufacturers are waiting for the effect on
various combinations. The demand is not at
present very large, and considerable machin
ery Is Idle. Cotton has advanced 'te. An ad
vance nf i^r in BOHM It*
significant and may Influence other prices.
Failures for the week have been 1M in the
United Stales, against 204 last year, and 22 in
Canada, against 29 last year.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITION'S.
NEW YORK, April 21.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: The general business situation
Is one of quiet strength, while in industrial
lines activity continues unabated. The uni
versal testimony of damage to the winter
wheat crop has had surprisingly little effect
on prices as yet, owing partly to Improved
weather conditions strengthening the hope* of
a larger area in spring wheat and also to good
crop reports abroad and increased visible sup
plies, as compared with a year ago, encourag
ing foreign buyers In their neglect of American
offerings. An enlarged demand for this coun
try's manufactured products in some degree
counterbalanced, the falling off In the value of
agricultural exports, notably cereals and cot
ton, as compared with a year mc". For
the month of March a drop of 118,000,000 In
exports of breadstuffs, cotton, provisions, live
cattle and mineral oils has been partly made
up by a gain of nearly $10,000,000 in other prod
ucts, leaving the net deficiency, as compared
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
with a year ago, 7 per cent. Imports reflect the
Increased purchasing power of the country',
the total for March, In fact, being the largest
since May, 1 5;.7 For the nine months' period
ex| irts, us a whole, are a little less than double
the im;^ rts.
In iron and steel new business is of even
sniiiller proportions, a notable exception, how
ever, being in tho line of wire goods and nails,
on which prices have been very generally ad
vanced. Quotations of plglron, steel billets and
nearly afl the cruder forms are firmly held,
while for many finished products, such as
plates and bars, even higher quotations are
asked. Mi 11k and furnaces are reported crowded
•with business on earlier orders and the dispo
sition of buyers to delay placing their busl
n.-ss for the latter part of the year Is reported
as viewed with equanimity. The cotton goods
situation is still a strong one, though the cur
rent demand from agents Is light. Retail dis
tribution of staple products has been Improved
by more favorable weather, thus encouraging
hopes of future good re-orders from wholesale
hands. Following the outburst of activity In
wool last week's business has rather fallen
off, but values remain steady. Continued buy-
Ing of high grades of foreign wool fur export
i- reported and there j B s^nie talk of high
grade American wools being bought tor ship
ment to England. Following an advance early
in the week, due to good foreign advices and
smaller than expected crop movement, cotton
la quieter, but holds part of the advance. The
strength of rnw sugars Is a notable feature.
Abroad quotations of beet sugar have been ad
vanced, while the (^iban yield is not expect.' l
to be largo and Bradstreet's advices point to
not more than half an average crop beins
grown in Louisiana. Raw sugar Is higher on
the week, but refined lags behind, though con
sumption is enormous. The demand for lumber
at wholesale continues good and the Southern
industry seems to be sharing to the full In the
svnrTHl prosperity. Retailers, however, report
buyers slow to pay the advanced quotations.
Leather and hides are stronc and boots and
Bhoes hold recent advances.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2,982,969 bushels, against 1,988,
--619 last week, 3.232.105 in the corresponding week
Of 1898, 1,664.668 in 1C97. 1,286 490 in IS9H and
2,431.634 in 1896. Since July 1, this season, the
exports of wheat aggregate 193,262, 1TS bushels,
apainst 191.5Q3.655 last year.
Business failures show a notable falling off
from those of last week, aggregating 187,
against 243 in the preceding week. 224 in this
we.^k a -year ago, 216 in 1897, 240 In 1896 and
223 In 1895.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
number 30, ag-ainst 25 last week, 15 in this
week a year ago, 22 in 1597. 36 In 1896 and 32
in 1885.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
12,T' A 7; exports, 19,446. Firm for low grade
winter, but easier on spring patents.
WHEAT- Receipts. 187,160; exports, 87,945.
Spot market weak. No. 2 red, 82fye f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. &6'v f- o. b.
afloat: No. l Northern New York, S4^c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firm but were weak
for the balance of the day. Crop news showed
considerable improvement both from private
find nemi-public sources, and long wheat was
thrown over freely all afternoon, offsetting
the effect of bis export transactions. May,
7» ." 16®79%c, closed 7S%c; July, 7SVi@79*»c,
HOPS Steady.
V.< n 'I.— Quiet.
METALS Copper and spelter continued In
the lead as t<> strength and activity, while tin
and l^ad exhibited pronounced weakness and
further loss News from abroad and primary
points to-day was quite conflicting and led to
more or less caution on the part of both buy
ers and sellers here. The Metal Exchange
called:
PlOlßON— Warrants, $10 .so bid and $10 76
asked.
■ OPPER— Firm, with buyers at $15 75.
TIN Kasier. with $24 87% bid and ii-> ask»d.
LEAD— Easier, with J4 no bid and ?4 8214
asked. The brokers' price for lend Is $4 10
rr copper $19
SPELTER Strong, with $6 66 bid and $6 75
asked.
COFFEE Options closed, quiet to 6 points
n.'t lower. Sales, 16,260 bags, including: May,
14 95; July. $6 15; October, jr. ¥<: November,
I leeember. I 8 60; March, $5 75. Spot eof-
Mild Quiet.
SUGAR- Haw. steady. Refined, steady.
BUTTER Receipts, W,~ packages; steady,
m creameries, v..- iry, 13@14\4c.
EGGS Receipts, 8779 packages. Quiet. West
ern, i.: ; >mv. Southern, 12%@13%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April 21.— California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7@B4c;
prime wire tray, ■*:<'•; choice, 9@9%c; fancy,
9%@10c
PRUNES— 9% @94c.
APRICOTS Royal, 13V^14e; Moorpark, 14
<§ISo.
PEACHES- Unpeeled, 9918 c; peeled, 2C©2Bc
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April Unexpected steadiness
| at Liverpool and rather light shipments from
Argentine for the week uave wheat some
strength at the opening. May started '♦■'
higher at 74 1 4@74%c and advanced to 74> 2
Talk if scattered showers In the winter wheat
country and selling by foreigners at the sea
board caused heaviness and the price rented to
74 l ie The ling was checked fi.r a time on
icixirts by a prominent stican that the
total yield for the year would be 150,000,000
bushels less than last year. On this report the
market touched 74Vt>c utaln, but on the em
phatic denial of this by the Modern Miller
liquidation was started and May was forced ■•;
to 73V»c. closing at 73% c July sold as low as
74% c anJ closed at ~i\fi~i' L 2r. There was a
noticeable falling off In crop-damage claims
•luring to-day's session. Receipts at the chief
West. primary markets were 329.000 bushels,
against 410,000 a ear ago. Atlantic exports of
wheat and flour we're ,000 bushels.
Corn declined under liquidation. All indica
tions pointed to a large acreage for the coming
season. Country offerings were more liberal,
while the shipping demand was only moderate.
Mi: corn closed heavy and %c lower.
Heavy buying by shippers and elevator con
cerns on a renewal of the Liverpool rates
which were suddenly withdrawn yesterday
strengthened oats temporarily. May oats closed
a shade lower
A good cash meat demand, together with the
high price for hogs, strengthened provisions
early. Near the end, however, the advance was
nearly all lost on account of the weakness In
grains. May pork closed a shade higher and
lard and ribs each a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. I>iw. Close.
May *. 74% 74% 73U 73\
July 7", 75% I*% 74%
September 7»Vi ~>'^* "3% 74
Corn No. —
May 34% Zi-i, 34% 34%
July 35% 33% 35 23
September 36)4 S6U 35% 35%
Oats No. 1—
, May mi 27 26% 26%
July 24% 24% 24* s 24%
September 21 2.1 22% 22£
Mess Pork, per barrel —
May ■• -" 9 22% 915 9 17 1
; July 9 32% 940 9 32% 935
September 955 9 57% 950 950
: Lard, per 100 pounds—
. May 5 27% 5 27% 525 5 27%
July 540 6 42% 5 37% 5 37%
September 550 5 52% 5 47% 5 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 4 77% 4SO 4 77% 4 77%
July 4 92% 495 490 4 92%
September •'.!>;, 5 07% 5 02% 505
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour. Steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 74c; No.
2 spring wheat, 70@73c; No. 2 red, 76%® 77c;
No 2 corn 85c; No. 2 oats. 27%@28c; No. 2
white SoVs@3lc; No. 3 white, 29%@80%c; No. 2
rye, :,7 l ■■ -. Ni 2 barley, 59@47c; No. l flax seed,
j'l 20; new winter, $1 24; prime timothy seed,
pork, per barrel, $:< lri-y f< 20;
lard per 100 pounds, $.'> 26@5 27%: short ribs
(loose), ?4 . : .'"ii4 r«fi; dry salted shoulders
'.'...■: short clear sides fhoxed), ?."•
ifa 12. Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, fl 26; sugars, cut loaf, $5 v:>; granu
lated, I
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels S.OOO S,OOO
Wheat, bushels 46.000 10.000
Corn, bushels 131.000 163.000
Oatß, bushels 139.000 153.000
Rye. bushels 7,000 64.000
Barley, bushels 27.000 4.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was quiet and easy. Creameries, 13®
17c; Dairies. ll@l3c. Eggs, steady; fresh. 1214
@IZMc Cheese, weak; Creameries, 11%<i?12%.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 7% 5 S%
Closing 5 8% 5 8%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — April. May-Am;.
Opening 42 70 43 35
Closing 42 65 43 45
Wheat— 21 05 21 05
Opening 21 05 2105
Closing - 21 00 2110
CALIFORNIA PRUNES IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 21.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The principal feature in the Cali
fornia prune market is renewed inquiry from
European exporters. The report that the
French crop has been seriously damaged by
late frosts, coupled with the statement that
handlers in France have recalled stocks held
in England, Germany and elsewhere on the
Continent on commission, has. it is stated,
caused European and English buyers to attain
turn their attention to California poods. There
have already been sales made of several cars
to go to Germany and negotiations are said
to be pending for the purchase of a number
or additional cars by exporters, but the con
culslon of transactions has been delayed, we
understand, owing to the difference in views
of buyers and sellers. There are said to be
'. other and quite numerous export Inquiries, but
: In view of the comparatively small stocks on
spot ■ 0 large business, it is held, is likely to
occur, whether buyers finally come up to sell
! ers' prices or the latter agree to accept the
! bids of buyers.
' The spot demand for California prunes is
fairly active, but It is of hand-to-mouth char
i acter and Jobbers seem to be doing; most of
1 the business and the market Is somewhat un
! settled in consequence of the offerings of in
ferior rejected goods. Large sizes of prunes
I are reported to be in email supply, and there
: is not much of the smaller fruit to be obtained,
we understood, from first hands, either here
or on the coast.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 21.— Cattle wero weak to
day.
With a good demand prices for hogrs made a
fresh record and heavies brought $4 16. The
general market advanced 2^c an I some droves
ruled oc higher. Bulk of sales, $3 35@4 10;
pcorer lots, $3 75<g3 90.
The larger parf of the supply of sheep were
consigned direct to slaughterers and prices
ruled steady ar.d much the same as a week
a:jo. \\ ooled Colorado lambs were wanted at
$5 75(g5 86; shorn lots, $4 30igo 15. Sheep. SDQS,
few going below $4 15@4 85.
Receipts— Cattle, 1500; hogs, 16,000; sheep. 6000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April 2L -Clearings, $309,685;
balances, 5R3.982.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 21. — There was less
strength In evidence In the Eastern markets
to-day, but Liverpool showed no further de
clines. Exporters are still unable to operate at
the prices which are being paid for milling pur
poses and no further tonnage engagements are
reported. Prices are about the same as yester
day, although a bid of gle was made for a
round lot of Walla Walla. Valley, 60<g61c; blue
stem, 61'@fi2c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 2L— Wheat sustains the ad
vance gained two days ago, but receipts are
not responding liberally yet. Quotations are
69c for club and 62c for bluestem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 21.— Consols, 110%; silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes, 102f: wheat cargoes off.
coast, firm, not active; cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 6d;
English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. April Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; Flour In Paris, steady; weath
er In England, gloomy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures, quiet. May, 5s B%d; July,
6s B%d. Spot wheat— No. 1 red Northern, firm,
6s 44d.
CORN— firm; futures, steady. April,
Ss 5%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy, firm, 7s 6d.
THE COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 21.— COTTON— Quiet.
Middling, 6>;c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 854
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8"4
Sterling Cables — 4 «»i
New York Exchange, sight — 1*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 124
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59*»
Mexican Dollars — 48®454
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Bullish news was not sufficient to
overcome, the bear element at Chicago, and
quotations fell off. The feeling here was weak
in sympathy, and sales on call were smaller.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 074@l 10; milling,
V 124@1 15.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 16%; 2000, $1 15*4; 4000. $1 15.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctlp, $1 15.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$114%; 64,000, $1144. May-6000. $109.
Afternoon Session — December — 10.000 ctls,
$1 14* i: 26,000, $1 14**. May— 2000, Jl 08%.
BARLEY— The market was dull on call and
neglected on the Fpot. Prices were weak.
Feed, $1 02 V" 1 074; Brewing. $1 1001 124 per
ctl.
TALL BOARD PALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock- No sales.
Se^si on ■ -Heiier '99, new- 2000 ctls,
BS»,4c
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session-Seller '99, new— ctls.
BS%c; 6000 >>'■••■: 2000, BS*ic
OATS Business continues light at unchanged
prices.
ri Fancy Feed. $1 42'4f?l 48 per ctl; good to
choice $1 37V.<S"1 40; common. $1 32 1 £ '9'l 35; Sur
prise, $1460160; Gray, *1 82%©1 37V4; Milling.
{1 V)@l 1 - per ctl; Red, $1 80&1 32 2 ; Black,
U ■>:-■., 30.
CORN—
Small round Yellow, $1 25; Eastern large Yel
low. $1 12' 2 ; White. $1 12V. mixed. 11 06Vi@
1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— sl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 11,270 barrels
Flour.
FLOUR — California family extras. $3 75;
bakers' extras. $3 50<g3 65; Oregon and Wash
ington. $3<!?3 50 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In racks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75: Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 28; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 .SoftS 95; In sacks, $6 35@6 75;
Pearl Barley. }.=>; Spilt Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 pounds.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Th» Hay market continues to show rather
more steadiness, owing to continued light re
ceipts, and it is probable that the auction will
be resumed on Monday. Alfalfa is very weak
and dull
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN $15 50016 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $23 DO'S 24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31<<131 50; Job
bing, $32<5>32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24^25; Cotton
seed' Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 60; Cracked Corn. $24@25: Mixed Feed.
jl 6 51 6 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $13@14 for
good to choice and $10@12 for lower grades;
Wheat and Oat. %V -;!.;. Oat, $10(gl2; Barley. $7
©9: Alfalfa, >■• 50@7
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon, Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $7@B; Cheat,
$6<gS; Grass Hay, $6«fS; Oat. $7@B; Clover, $6®B;
Timothy, 1667 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SSc per bale.
. BEANS AND SEEDS.
Dried Peas are quoted higher. There Is no
further chance in Beans
BEANS— Bayos, $1 70@l 75; Small Whites. $2
62 15; Large Whites, $1 80®l SO; Pinks, $1 90®
2 05; Keds $3 25@8 35; Blackeye, $4@4 10; But
ters, nominal; Lilmas. $3 85ig4; Pea, $2 25(22 50;
Red Kidneys, $2 .',O per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax. $2 15'g'2 25: Canary Seed,
2Vi<ff2};c per Ib; Alfalfa. BV4®»Hc; Rape, 2V 4
2%c; Hemp, 2%®3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75ig2; Green, $2 10@
2 .T". per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were SRO boxes Asparagus, 571 boxes?
Rhubarb, 266 sacks Peas and 25S sacks new
Potatoes.
There was no further change in Potatoes and
Onions.
Asparagus and String Beans were In lighter
receipt ami higher.
POTATOES— SI 40®l 50 per ctl for Early Rose,
«1 40@l 65 for River Uurbanks; Oregon, $1 15
$1 30 for seed and $1 50<§2 for large; New Po
tatoes, l'-''/3 per lb.
ONIONS— 4O!g6Oc for fair and 75<3'90c per ctl
for fancy.
VEGETABLES Asparagus, 50r^$i 25 per box
for No. 2, $1 nOfirl 75 for No. 1 and $1 85®2 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 40975 c per box for the general
run and 90c@$1 for fancy; Green Peas, ">;:'..■:
String Beans. 10®12%c for green and Sc for
Golden Wax; Cabbage, }1 40; Tomatoes. ?! 7.v<i
2 50; Egg Plant, per lb; Garlic, 15c
per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb; Dried Peppers,
10c; Green Peppers, 20c; Carrots. 25'53.'>e per
sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c(g$l 50 per
dozen; Sacramento Cucumbers. B0c; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles. 10c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The Poultry market is but moderately sup
plied and prices are steady.
With the exception of Hare and Rabbits
there is not enough Game coming in to quote.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers;
and 14®15c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2;
Goslings, $2 25<g"2 50; Ducks, $5 50(57 50 for old and
$7 60.^9 for young; Hens, $5@6 50; young Roost
ers, $7 50<?9; Old Roosters, (506 50; Fryers. $6 50
©7; Broilers. $o@6 for large, 1394 60 for small;
Pigeons, $1 5091 7."> per dozen for old and $1 75
(Q2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 25 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese is quoted rather -weaker. Butter and
Eggs show no further change, both being quiet
and in ample supply.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 16%@17c; seconds.
16c.
Dairy— 15c; good to choice, 14@14%c;
store. lift 12c per rb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 109
10% c: Cream Cheddar. 12 / aW l Young Amer
ica, ll'>-'(?12 1 Eastern, 11 V"
EGGS— Quoted at 15%®16c for store and 164®
17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Receipts were 126 boxes Cherries and IS2.
chests Strawberries.
Cherries continue In extremely light receipt
and prices are firm. Strawberries are higher
again.
Limes have advanced. There Is no change In
Oranges and Lemons, though the former are In
reduced supply.
DECIDUOI S FRUITS—
Apples, $1 25<gl 50 for common. $2'g2 50 per
box for No. 1 and $3ff}3 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries. $S*jH per chest for small and
$4 s<Xg7 for large berries.
Cherries. 76c©$l 25 for red. $I<pl 75 for white
and $1 Z6OI S."> per box for black; extra fancy
black sold at $2 r>o(f}3.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50@3 50
per box; Seedlings, $1<62; Mediterranean Sweets.
Jl 50*?2. Lemons. $l 25<gi 50 for common and
J2@2 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes.
|6: California Limes, 75c(§'$l per small box;
Grape Fruit, $2@3; Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapple*. J2@4 60 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
There is nothing new in the situation. Ex
cept Raisins and Prunes stocks of fruit are re
duced to almost nothing and quotations are
stiff.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. 7c for 40-50' s. 6®
o^c for 50-60's, 4®4VJc for 60-70's, 3i4@3Vic for
70-80' s, 2%@3^Ac for 80-90' s, 2%@2%e for 90-100*8
and 2@2V*c for 100-110' s; Peaches, BVi@9i_c for
good to choice, 10(gl0%c for fancy and for
peeled; Apricots, 12Mi@15c for Royals and
for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 9@9Vjc; sun
dried. 6«i©7Wc; Black Figs, sacks, 3Vlc; Plums,
nominal, 5c for unpltted and 4%@6c for pitted;
Pears, nominal.
! RAISINS — 3^ic for two-crown, 4\c for three
crown. b\c for four-crown, 4U@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V4 for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, "c per Ib; Walnuts, s®Bc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds.
S@9c for hardshell, 15@13c for ' softshell. 14®lfio
for papershell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4%@5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, lOlgllc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7Vi@
7%c; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, 6@s&c
per It).
BEESWAX— 2S<@27c per It).
PROVISIONS.
Cured Meats generally rule firm In sympa
thy with the raw products. Prices stand the
same.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 8c per It) for heavy.
B'^j<g9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light,
12c for extra light and 12%®13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams; 10V<fllc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
1 Mess Beef. $14: Family Beef. $15916 50; extra
prime Pork, $12; extra clear, $18; mess. $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per It). .
LARD— Tierces quoted at sVi<gs%c per tb for
compound and ~Vi<3~\c for pure; half barrels,
pure 8c; 10-It» tins, S\ic; 5-tb tins. B«_c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9Hc;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-tb pails. 12 in
a case, 8»£c; 10-Ib pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-tt)
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, "Tic; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The circular of Jacob Wollner says: "Th»r«
has been a good deal of wool selling In the
last two weeks, principally fall wool and defec
tive springs, also some Nevadas. There has
also been quite a movement In scoured wools,
but at low prices. In new spring wools very
little has been done so far. Some few lots
of spring from southern foothills have been
sold from 7c to SVic. Fall wools range from
4Vtc to 7c.
"The lower part of the San Joaquln Valley
is nearly through shearing and a good deal
of new wools, also last year's spring and fall,
which remained In growers' . hands, have been
bought up, year's staple bringing from fir
to 7c, six months' wool from 5c to 7c. The new
clip is not in very good condition, most of the
wools showing a cocklebur, and It is rather
dark, owing to the long dry spell in the early,
part of the winter. Very few foothills or
northern wools have come in so far.
"The price for scoured wool has not ad
vanced and whenever a cent per pound or more
Is asked it stops the sale. In Nevada the early
shearing is nearly finished, and the wools are
In fair condition and art' selling at S@loc.
"In the Eastern market, especially in Bop
ton, there have been large transactions, but at
lower prices than have prevailed since the
early part of 1897. It seems the manufacturers
have their own way, no speculation is going
on and wools are only bought as they are
wanted, and If the seller asks a higher price
it stops the sale. The woolen goods market
is still not very active and at the prices wool
en goods are sold now it seems that wool can
not advance materially for some time, as
manufacturers say that if they cannot buy
wools at their own price they will use cotton,
and as they have machinery wherewith they
can use cotton the product shows as well as
all-wool grades. .. -
"The Kuropean market Is high and advanc
ing especially for fine merinos, owing to their
scarcity on account of the, drought In Austra
lia, and we are selling to-day wools that were
Imported and are in bond, also foreign wools
which were brought in before the tariff went
into effect, also some long staple domestic
wools for export.
"The wool market closed with a fair demand.
"Mutton sheep and also lambs and stock
sheep are bringing high prices and can be
quoted from $3*34 per head for old stock and
$2112 60 for lambs."
There Is less strength in Hides, though quo
tations show no particular change. Hops con
tinue nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 30c; medium, 9@9M>c; light, BV4c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags, 6@6V»c; Salted Kip, 9c; Call,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10^ 30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and SI for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@4^c per !t>;
No. 2, 3^4@4c; refined. ; grease, 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months, 7@9c; year's staple ,fi@
8c: Foothill and Northern free. 10@12c; Foot
hill and Northern defective, 8@10c; Nevada,
Bfflllc.
Fall Wools —
Northern Mountain e'-j^Sc
Southern 4V4@7c
Plains 4@6c
HOPS— IB9B crop, lOQ'llc per tt> for ordinary,
12(g12%c for good and IS?! 15c for choice to fancy
from first hands. _____ _
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 5Hc for June
and July; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San Quentln
Bags, *4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle,
$6: Bryant, S6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60;
6cotch. $8: Cumberland, $8 In bulk and $9 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, {14;
Cannel, $8 60 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
RlCE— China, mixed, $4 05@4 10; China No. 1.
$4 60@4 90; extra do. $5<S5 35; Hawaiian, $6®
6 23; Japan. $4 5094 90; Louisiana, $5<!?6 50.
SUGAR— The Western t-ugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, terms net cash in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, sVic: Dry Gran
ulated, sMic; Confectioners' A, 5Hc; California
A 4%.-; Magnolia A. 4V; Extra C, 4%c: Gold
en C, 4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels,
V <* more; boxes. Me more; 50-lb bags, %c more. '
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firm at the advance, with light ar
rivals. The other descriptions are as pre
viously quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7«4<gS%c per lb.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small. 7V£@Sc per lb. !
MUTTON— Wethers, TV4@Bc; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB Spring, 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 595% c for small, 8%@5%c
for medium and 4Vi@ 4: kc for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, 4Vi@4V4c; dressed Hogs, 6V£@Sc.
RECEIPT.^ OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, April 21.
Flour, qr sks 15.218 Onions, sks 869
Wheat, ctls 2.400 Middlings, sks.... 495
Barley, ctls 3,610 Bran, sks 850
Oats, ctls 470 Sugar, sks 4,203
Cheese, ctli 12S Sugar, bbls 400
[ Butter, ctls 232 Lime, bbls 226
Tallow, ctls 224 Eggs, doz IS.BIO
Corn, ctls 60 I Wool, bags BS3
Pelts, bdls B,oo2;Hay, tons . 312
I Hides, no 473 Straw, tons ... 22
Leather, r0115.... 107 Quicksilver, flks. 10
Beans, sks 450 Wine, gals 47.701]
Potatoes, sks 328
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 7,523 OatS, ctls 430
Family Retail Market.
Eggs are somewhat cheaper. Butter and
Cheese are unchanged.
Meats continue about the same. Poultry
continues dear, the arrivals being light. Fish
is scarcer and dearer.
Cherries and Strawberries are as yet the
only summer fruits In market. The former are
thus far scarce and dear, but the latter are
getting cheaper.
Vegetables are slowly increasing in supply,
and most kinds continue dear.
Following is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ ©12 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60®
Wellington .. @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington ® 9 50
ton 010 00 Coos Bay © 7 00
Seattle 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs.. —
square 40@ — Kanch Eggs, .per
Do, per roll 35® — dozen 20@—
Do, good SOW- Honey Comb, per ■
Cheese, Cal — ©IS rb 12@>15
Cheese, Eastern. ..15^17 Do, extracted...— <glo
Cheese. Swiss 20@25|
Meats, per tb —
Bacon 12#1" Pork, fresh 12®15
Beef, choice 181?20 Pork, salt — ®12
Do. good 10i$15 Pork, chops 12® —
Corned Beef 10(7?— Round Steak 12#—
Ham, Ca1........12V4015 I Sirloin Steak IB@—
Do, Eastern — (S'l.'i ! Porterhouse. d0...50a2S
Lard 12015 Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton 10015 Pork Sausages.
Lamb — @15 Veal ....12@15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60@85 1 Ducks, each... 7sc@sl 00
Young Roost- Geese, each. ..$1 50<g2 00
ers, each 75c@$l 00 (Pigeons, pair.. 25® &1
Old Roosters, Rabbits, pair., — 40
each 60@65 Hare, each — 20
Fryers, each — @75 Wild Geese, pr
Broilers, each 50@65[ pair 7&@ —
Turkeys, per rb...18@20l i
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, 1b.......15®20 1 Oranges, dor 15@35
Apples, It> B@lo I Raisins, Tb -. . s@lo
Bananas, doz 20w2S Strawberries, per
Cherries, per 1b..15@3S drawer 33@60
Lemons, duz......2(Xp— Walnuts, It) ...U'^la
Limes, doz 10@loi
Vegetables-
Artichokes, d0z...20@50 Lettuce, -doz 15®
Asparagus sm. 12 Mushrooms, 1b....25@30
Beets, doz 12@15 Onions. It) 41^.5
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ D Potatoes. tb 2<!t> 3
Colored, tb....... 4«t 5 Do. new 4@ 6
Lima, 1b... 6@— Do, Sweet s®—
Cabbage, each....— WlO 1 Parsnips, do* 15@—
each s@loi ßhubarb, pr n>.... i<Q 6
•■ : " T* -.-■"..-"■ '■• , - ■. - - . _.•<
Celery, bunch s@— i ßadishes, dz bCbsIOOU
Cucumbers, per ?age. do* bnchs ?s*?^
dozen 75@2 00 String Beans, 1b..10'320
Oivxa ,107. br>chs..2n<i2" Thytne. la - _ ■"
Green Peas. 1b.... 5® 6 Turnips, doz 10gl5
Ltntils Ib bu »• Tomatoes, lb la@Zo
Fish, per —
Barracuda Shrimps Yll£~
Carp — @— Shad 10@—
Codflsb 12&15 Striped Bass 15(g—
Flounders 10@12| Smelts 16«—
Halibut loto— Poles l->«—
Kingfish _§:-■ Skates. ea<sh 10015
Mackerel — <&— Tomcod 15©—
Do Horse —Si,— I Clams, gal otx»—
p err h 12SS 1 — I Do, hardshell, 100.40^50
Pompano 1 50® 2 00 1 Crabs each........ 10@15
Hockrtsh 15fo— Do, softshell, d0i.25(?35
Salmon, smoked. .20^-— I Mussels, qt 10«12
Salmon, fresh Oysters. Cal. 100..40«50
sturgeon -4t~ Do. Eastern. d0z..2a@40
THE STOCK MARKET.
A further advance in Paauhau Plantation to
$42 and a decline in Mutual Electric to $14 were
the noteworthy changes in local securities on
the morning session.
On the afternoon call the only change of Im
portance was In Mutual Electric, which sold
up to $15 75.
Mining stocks were about the same. The j
telegram from the pump was as follows: (
'"Elevator working steadily. Water in the 1750
--foot level winze is 28 feet below the station."
Potosl Is assessed 10 cents.
The Yellow Aster Mining Company Is now
disbursing a dividend amounting to $10,000 for
the month of March.
The regular monthly dividend of 25 cents per
share and an extra dividend of the same
amount have been declared by the Homestake
Mining Company, payable April 25.
The dividend to be paid by the Quicksilver
Mining Company of New York on May 5 is the
first that has been declared in several years.
The Alamo mine in Utah paid Its first divi
dend of $2500 on the. 7th.
The Argonaut mine of California will pay a
dividend of $20,000 on the 29th.
The Golden Cycle mine of Colorado paid a
dividend of $5000 on the 15th.
The Highland mine of South Dakota paid a
dividend of $20,000 on the 15th.
The New York and Honduras Rosario mine ,
paid a dividend of $15,000 on the 20th.
The report from the Standard Consolidated
mine of Bodie for the week ending April 15 |
states that the usual explorations continue on
the 150. 318, 336 and 3SO foot levels in the Moyle,
New, Black and No. 10 ledges, and low to fair
grade ore is showing in most of the openings.
The regular quantity of fair to good grade ore
Is being extracted from the stopes on the sev
eral levels in the Maguire, C. and P. and For
tuna ledges. The best ore is coming from the
C. and D. vein. In No. 8 north Btope, on the
836-foot level. in that vein, the ore is high
grade and it is improving in No. 2 north stope
on the 470-foot level. At the mill during the |
week 297% tons of ore were crushed Average
assay of vanner tailings, $10 05. Concentrates
produced. 1% tons: assay value. $474 26. Amal
gam produced. 1642% troy ounces; value per
ounce, $2 48. Tailings plant No. 1 treated 414
tons of tailings for the week. Plant No. 2 Is
still in course of construction.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 21-*2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. : Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Cent L P... — 8
4s quar c0up.. 113% — Eqult G L Co. 7 1 ; 7%
4s quar res... — — Mutual El Co. 15*4, 16
4s quar new.. 129 129% Oakland Gas.. 46% —
Js quar coup..loS>,i — Pac Gas Imp.. — 77%
Miscellaneous— |Pac LCo 45 46 : a
Cal-Pt Cab 55. 116 — Is F G & E.... 73% 73» 4
Cal Klec L 65.12.V,;i27% San Fran — 3%
C C Wat 55....109>4 — Stktn Gas 6a.— 13%
Dup-st ex c... — — Insurance—
EL & P 65.. 131 135 Firem's Fund.2lS 227% >
F&CI Ry 65.11« — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. 92 — Anplo-Cal .... — 67
HC & S 5%5.102% - Bank of Ca1.. 255 —
L A Ry 55.... — 105% Ca I D & T. — 99
LAL Co 65. .101% — First Nationl.22o 225
Do gntd 65. .101% — Lon P & A...— 131%
Market-st 65..12S 125% Mer Exchange— ib
Do Ist M . r >5.116%U7% Nev Nat 8k..150 —
NCN Q R 7s. 108 — I Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 115 — Ger S & L.. — 1630
N Ry Cal 55..113i;i14% Hum S & L.1060 11*0
NP C R X 65.10S — Mutual Say.. — 41*4 '
NPC R R 05.103%105 3 F Say U.. 500 — \
N Cal X R 58.107 — S& L 50.... — 101 I
Oak Gas 55:.. 109 — Security S B 300 350
Om C Ry 65.. 125% — Union T Co. — 1465
P & Cl Ry 65.. 108 109 I Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 117 — California ....112 —
Powell-st 65...— 122% Geary 57% —
Sac El Ry ss. — — ! Market-st 63% 63%
SF & N P 55.U5%115»4 Oak S L&H. - —
SF & S JVss.ll6%U7%.'Preßidio 12 —
SierraßCal 65. 107 — ' Powder —
S P of Ar 65.. 111*112% I California ....175 157%
S P C 6s <1905H10%m% E Dynamite... 57%100
SPC 6s (1906) — — Giant Con Co. 67 67%
6PC 6s (1912) — - Vigorit 2% 2%
3PCIs eg 58.105 — Sugar—
SPBr 6s 123 125 Hana P C 0.... IS", 17%
B V Water 65.116%U6j»; Haw C& S C.103 —
B V Water 45. 104*4 — [Hutch S P Co. 32', 32%
S V W4s(3dm).lo2%lo2'i: Paauhau S P. 41", 42
Stktn Gas 6s.lolVie<.- 4 | Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— lAt Pac Assn.. — —
Contra Costa.. 66 66% Ger Ld Wk5..250 —
Mann Co 50 - Mer Ex Assn.. 90 —
Spring Valley. — — Oceanic S Co.. — 75
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A 1% I*4
Capital Gas... — — Pac C Bor Co. llo —
Central G Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 7*4 —
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Contra Costa Water 66 50
$5000 ConU-a Costa Water bonds, cash 109 50
165 Equitable Gns 7 :•;:-.
230 Giant Powder Con 67 00 "
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
300 Hutchinson 8 1' Co, cash '. 32 12%
40 Hutchinson B P C 0...'. 32 12%
$16,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds. .los 00
4" Market-st Railway 63 25
2 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
150 Paauhau S P Co 41 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 41 75
320 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp 76 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 75
100 S F Gaslight 3 62%
30 S V Water 102 00 *
Street—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Contra CoFta Water 66 25
10 Giant Powder Con 67 00
10 Giant Powder Con 67 25
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
410 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 103 00
80 Hut I Inson S P Co 32 25
3u Market-st Railway 63 37%
70 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
1405 Paauhau S P .Co 42 00
$3000 S F & N P Ry bonds 115 25
. 30 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 75
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 117 00
90 S V Water ! 102 00
Street—
560 Paauhau S P Co 42 00
60 Paauhau S P Co, b 15 42 00
100 Paauhau S P Co, b 5 42 CO
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 10 42 00
50 Contra Costa Water 66 50
.-■■■,■-. V;' ■■. - -.. ,-'.< ..'""-■■.. ... __ _ ■, . ■ " ■ . . • . -J . ......
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning; Session.
Board— !
75 Contra Costa Water 66 37%
40 Mutual Electric Light 15 60
300 Vigorit Powder 2 37%
$1000 5 V Water 4 per cent 104 25
15 Market-st Railway 63 37%
Street—
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 75
15 Alaska Packers' Association 110 25
40 S V Water 102 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 10 100 Hale & Norcrs. 25
100 Belcher 32 400 Ophlr 10
600 Best & Belcher 54! 300 Sierra Nev 95
300 Caledonia 28 400 Sierra Nev..^.. 94
100 Chollar 29! SOO Union Con 47
200 Con Cal & V...1 65 300 Utah 10
300 Crown Point... 18 100 Utah 11
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher 65 500 Mexican 55
100 Caledonia 26 100 Mexican 64
200 Challenge 28 500 Potosl 22
■100 I 'hollar 29 100 Sierra Nev 94
50 Confidence 71 200 Utah 11
200 Gould & Curry. 35 100 Yellow Jacket.. 38
100 Justice 16i
Following: were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning; Session.
300 Alta 09 200 Justice 17
200 Andes 10 200 Mexican 54
300 Belcher 33 600 Ophir ID
400 Belcher 34 300 Potosi 23
600 Best & Belcher 55 400 Potosi 22
300 Best & Belcher 54 100 Sierra Nev S6
200 Caledonia ...... 2Si 100 Sierra Nev 95
1500 Con Cal & V..1 62% 400 Sierra Nev 94
600 Con Cal & V...1 65 100 Union Con 47
100 Crown Point... IS 100 Union Con 46
100 Crown Point... 19 200 Yellow Jacket.. 38
Afternoon Session.
150 Caledonia 27 500 Potosi 22
600 Chollar 29; 100 Savage 24
300 Con Cal & V.I 62%' 600 Savage 23
300 Gould & Curry. 35 : 500 Seg Belcher.... 03
200 Hale & Norcrs. 24 200 Sierra Nev 94
200 Mexican 54 200 Union Con 54
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. April 21—4 p. m .
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask
Alpha Con 04 05 Justice 15 ie
Alta OS 10 Kentuck 04 05
Andes 10 11 Lady Wash.... — 01
Belcher 32 34 Mexican 53 54
Best & Belcher 54 65 Occidental ... 31 _
Bullion. 02 03 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 25 27 Overman 11 13
Chollar 28 29 Potosi 21 21
Challenge Con. 28 29 Savage 24 25
Confidence 71 75 Scorpion 01 03
Con Cal & V...1 60 165 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 J Sierra Nev 93 15
Crown Point... IS 20 Silver Hill " 1- 04
Con New York — 02 Syndicate .... — 05
Exchequer — 03Standard ... 250 I ::,
Gould & Curry. 34 35 j Union Con !46" 47
i Hale & Norcrs. 23 25 Utah 10 12
ull » ........... 03 03i Jfenow Jack*.. 88 39
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographto
Office located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street is holst-4
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error If any, is published
in the morning papers the f°" i oW ' n f T d ,?>' s so. o
Lieutenant. U. S. N . In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and G^ de . tlc ol ! ;urve y-
Times ana Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority o-f the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hieh and low waters occur at
the city front (Misslon-rtreet wharf) a^" 1
twenty-five minutes later than at F ° rt , p"'nt
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, APRIL 22.
Sun rises ';:?
sun set.= ;:-•••„
Moon sets 3:1. a. m.
0 ITimel Timel Tim" Tlmrf
S Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
» IL W IH W L W H _
22~. 3:14 T4< <>:31 " 4.3 2:54 1.7 »:» j.4
23 ... 3:46 0.8j 10:19| 4.5 3:31V 1.9 9f 5 I
24 4-21 0.21 11:061 4.6 4:0« 2.1 1« 2* s!
25;.; 5:01— 0.8 11:51 4.« 4:42 2.3 10:58 6.9
28 .. R-4.V o.fi 12 41! 4.« 5 21 2.« "31 6.0
27 ... g 30 -O.{ ! 36 4.-: 8:08 2.9
H L W H W I- w
25 .. 0:11 fi 1 ! ! - 31! 4.6| 6:59 ».•
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tn»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide off
the day, the third time column the third tid»
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— V precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
reference Is the moan of the lower low waters.
TIMK BALL.
Branch Hydropraphle Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
April 21. 1899.
The time ball on th" tower of the new Ferry
building w/is dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the l!Oth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
C. G. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
_ 1
R. Hernster 'Coquille River Apl 22
Mackinaw ITacorra Apl. 22
Corona ISan Diego Apl. 22
Walla Walla... (Victoria & Puget Sound Apl. 22
Pomona Humboldt Apl. 22
Bristol* Departure Bay Apl. 23
Czarina (Victoria & Puget Sound 22
Coquille River. . (Grays Harbor lApl. 23
Wyefleld Nanalmo lApl. 23
Fulton Portland (Apl. 23
Ronlta Newport ; Apl. 24
Crescent City. . . [Crescent City 'Apl. 24
Empire [Coos Bay [Apl. 24
Washtenaw ITacoma lApl. 24
Willamette Seattle lApl. 24
Luella ITillamook JApl. 24
Weeott lYaquina Bay Apl; 25
Alliance 'Portland |Apl. 25
State of ...'Portland lApl. 25
Australia IHonoluiu JApl. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego Apl. 26
Umatilla 'Victoria A Puget Sound Apl. 27
Wellington — 'Departure Bay 'Apl. 27
Curacao Mexico Apl. 27
Coos Bay Newport - (Ap.l. 23
America Maru.. 'China and Japan 'Apl. 2?
North Fork .... Humboldt Apl; 29
Columbia Portland Apl. 30
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer, J Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Coos Bay... (Newport JApl. 22. 9 amlPler 11
Pt. Arena. .(Point Arena. .(Apl. 22. SpmPler 2
Columbia ..'Portland ' An!. i. 1" ampler 24
A. Blanch'd Humb-.ldt [Apl. 22. 3 pm'Pier 13
Corona ISan Diego lApl. 24, 11 am Pier 11
Pomona 'Humboldt [Apl. 24. 2 Pier 9
Bonita 'Newport (Apl. 26, 9 am Pi°r 11
Walla WallVlc A Pgt Sd.'An'. 2«. If. am!Pi»r 9
Aloha [Point Arena.. [Apl. 26. 3 pm'Pier 8
Alliance ...'Oregon Ports. 'Apl 27. 1" am! Pi er 20
State .Portland lApl. 2S. 10 amPler 24
Santa Rosa' San Diego.. ..lApl. 28, 11 am Pier 11
Peru Panama lApl. 28, 12 mIPMSS
Coptic |Cbina&Japan!Apl. 28. 1 pmiPMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails."
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. April. 21.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, 20 days from
Panama, etc.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 32 hours from Monterey,
etc. ..;;:»
Stmr Weßtport, Peterson. 44 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr City of Para, Brown, 19 days from Pa
nama and way ports.
Ship Occidental, Bennett, s days from Seattle.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, "12 hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. '4 hours from.
Bowens Landing.
Schr ,T Eppinger, Colstrup, ]<! hours from
Point Arena.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 3 days from Grays Har
bor. I
Schr Fortuna. Roslch. 28 hours from Eureka.
Schr Glenc.ale. Johnson. 9 days from Seattle.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 6 days from
Grays Harboor.
Schr Ivy. Samuelson, 16 days from Olym
pic.
Schr James A Garfleld. Lewis, 6 days from
Willapa Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday, April 21.
Stmr National City, Dettmers; Unga and
Sitka: Con Mining Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bktn WH Dimond, Nilson, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Friday. April 2L
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Gipsy. Inland. Santa Cruz.
Ship Indiana.. Verrey, Bristol Bay.
Ship Invincible, Mackenzie. Bristol Bay.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Honolulu.
Schr Dora Bhihm. Jorgenson, Everett.
Schr S Denielson. Cranple.
■ CHARTERS.
The Lancing- loads coal at Departure Bay for
this port.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 21, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V: velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— Arrived April 21— Stmr Alcatraz.
from Eureka.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 21— Schr
Vega, from Santa Barbara.
• GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 20— Sehr Lll
lebonne, for San Francisco; schr Dauntless, for
Guaymas: Bchr Melanethon, for San Francisco;
schr Pioneer, for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed up April 21—
Bark Gatherer, hence April 8. for Tacoma.
Arrived inward April 21— Bark Hutton Hall
from Victoria, for Taeoma.
NEAH BAY— Passed April 21— Ship Spartan
hence Anrll 11, for Seattle; Aus stmr Slam,
from Nanaimo, for Port Los Angeles; stmr
Orizaba, hence April 18. for Seattle.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April 20— Schr Ori
ent, hence April 7.
Sailed Aurll 20— Schr G W Watson, for San
Pedro.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April 21— Schr
Newark, hence Aiiril 20.
SAN PEDRO-Sailed April 21— Schr Meteor.
for Port Gamble.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 21— Stmr Fulton, for
San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 21— Schr Allen A.
hence April 16. :-::'•■
Sailed April 21— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: schr Jessie Minor, for Honolulu
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April Haw
stmr San Mateo, for Comox.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 21— Br ship Hutton
Hall, from Victoria: ship Spartan, hence April
11; stmr Orizaba, hence April 18; stmr Pro
greso. hence April 19.
TACOMA— Arrived April 21— Bark Gatherer
hence April 8.
Sailed Ar>ril 21— Stmr Washtenaw. for San
Francisco.
GREENWOOD - Arrived April 21 - Stmr
hltesboro. hence April 20.
Sailed April 21— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived April 21-Br ship
Crown of Scotland, from Oregon, and proceeded
to Fleetwood; Br ship Euiomene, from Ore
gon, and proceeded to Liverpool. April 20— Br
ship Vincent, from Tacoma; Br ship Falls of
Alton, from Oregon.
FALMOUTH — Arrived April 21-Br ship
Mooltan, from Oregon; Br ship Sir Robert Fer
nlo. from Tacoma.
Sailed April 19— Br ship Glendoon. for Fleet
•wood: ship Henry Villard. for Fleetwood; Br
bark Hougomont. for Antwerp.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived April 18— Br bark
Port Carlisle, from Newcastle, NSW.
LIZARD— Passed April 20— Br ship Glencaird,
hence Dec 7. for London.
ANTWERP— SaiIed April 20— Br ship Bour
bakl. for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived April 21— Bktn John
Smith, from Chemalnus.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived April 21— Stmr Marquette,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 21— Stmr Bel
genland, from Philadelphia.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived April 21— Stmr Am
sterdam, from New York, via Boulogne.EAGLESON WILL
FIGHT FOR ROSE'S
GUARDIANSHIP
Sequel of an Alameda
Double Tragedy.
BITTER CONTEST PROMISED
ISABELLA YON SCHMIDT'S WILL
IS ATTACKED.
Aged Parental Grandfather Says the
Murdered Woman Was Unsound
in Mind and Was In
iiuenced.
and Office San Francisco Call,
: id way, April ZL
over the guardianship of ,
ildt has been f
■ .- • :
\ V
will, which was pr
51
■
B
mber.
and the
"Thut plaintiff is informed and believes,
nnu upon his information and belief al
leges, that said paper writing is not the
last will and testament of said Isabella I
yon Schmidt, deceased; but that said Isa- j
bella yon Schmidt at the date of said pa- j
jer writing was not of found mind and |
memory, but was mentally incapacitated ,
ironi making- a will, from making a]
proper disposition of her property, or of j
naming a nt and proper person to act a.s
a guardian 01 the person and estate of I
liuse K. yon Schmidt, minor, herein re- |
ferred to, but that said Isabella yon |
Bchmldt; at the date of the said paper
writing, was unduly influenced and In- |
duced to name one Robert Eagleson of j
Ban Francisco as guardian of the person I
cf Rose E. yon Schmidt, the 12-year-old !
daughter of deceased; and was unduly in
lluenced to execute said purported will.
"That said Robert L>. Eagleson is not a
ft and proper person to have the care and
custody and control or in .... manner to
act as the guardian of the said Rose K.
yon Schmidt."
Plaintiff prays that an Issue be made up |
Vns to whether said paper writing- is the i
*~ ;.:.-: will and testament of said Isabella |
yon Schmidt; and that the same may be j
set aside; and that inquiry as to the" fit- '
ness of Robert D. Eagleson to become the
guardian of Rose 10. yon Schmidt bo
made, and for such other relief as is
proper.
In Mr?. yo n Schmidt's will Rose is made
fnie legatee, and it ta the grandparent's
purpose to see that the other children I
Alexis Y\\. Edward A.. Harold and Ro- |
land, also secure a share of the mother's !
jßobert I"). Eagleson, it developed after
the horrible double tragedy In which Mrs. !
yon Schmidt was murdered and Captain i
vnn Schmidt ended his life, was the lat- '
ter 6 enemy. It has been stated that since I
h-agleson s name was mentioned in con-'
nectjon with the Yon Schmidt t raged y his i
employers had discharged him. This is 1
now denied, nr.d it is said lie was only I
temporarily dismissed on account of the !
too numerous visits of reporters at his I
place of employment Eagleson has. Ac- j
cording to Attorney AldrFch, threatened !
to fit-ht for the guardianship of Rose E i
yon .Schmidt to trie bitter f -nd should her :
grandfather apply for appointment.
:; known Buried.
I
a
ntifled
•■ turned up in
means by which
Ipntifled Is
I h which v«
photograph is at
! I rue but
-nee to
have given up all hope
the ma;: ■
Death of Carl Muller.
irl Adnlph
c cor
~n at
!
FACULTY LAMPOONED
IN BLUE AND GOLD
Caricatures of Professor Bacon,
B! ril 21.— "Blue nno" Cold." the college annual, published by
- of the I'nlverelty of California, will be issued at Berke
ley this morning. The book, aa is customary, contains statistics
: all the college clubs and association
more pases of joslk-s, In whir; has the
lampoon and caricature all the members of th
ulty and si dy. This tor T in
-1 ns used bis pen a litUe r | . than his pred
nnual will be without question the mo Lttonal
ted.
rticular are scored unmercifully for their Idlosyncra
n drawn in all kinds of shapes and postures in a man
ry to their dignity. Professor C. M .-■ pi c -
I as the king of broken hearts. Professor T.
a large share of mention. One jos"h concerning him
v -A Tragedy In Three Actf=," and repn
• 'tor angrily brushing away a troublesome in
'rofessor WUliam Carey Jones it i« said thai "All
his }i ks k and nonsense Is all they have taught him." The
edit " r ■ to remind him Ironically that he is not likely to be
Berkeli president.
Tne ' ford and Berkeley cornea to the front several
tlm"9. An of f.^ko advertisments the University of Palo Alto is
spoken of. aa Mr. D. K. Jordan's handsome new boarding and day school, reo
ommended by Colll P. Huntlngton, Father Yorke and Howard E. Wright.
The tone of the book throughout personal, and will most likely
til feeling. Four years ago one of the Berkeley instruct
• ned to horsewhip thi the annual for what was Bald about
him; but compared with that many f the things la the flew book are
mild. As the faculty hav< win* more strict since then with
I to the conduct of si ; ,pearanc.e of the "Blue and Gold"
next Saturday may result in stringent measures toward those who are pub
■
The editorial staff consists of: Stuart O. Masters, Frank W. Altken,
Evelyn K. Aaronsen. 11. I P Dolman, J. R. Moulthrop. EL S.
Ellen Lavalle, M . French, Ray \V. Simonds, .Miss
Wilson. The managers are: George
< '. Brebm, Mlbb Purle Bottoms M. Parker, Roy E. Diokerson, C.
M. McCulloch, Oscar Wolff, Roland L. Oliver, N. K. Smith,
Irwin T. Huma, Clinton E. Miller, Archibald J Cloud and R. Snell Hasel-
WATER RATES ARE
SHARPLY ADVANCED
T\ye Ordinance Recently Enacted a Scheme
of the "Solid Six."
OAKLAND, April 21. — There Is a section In the -water
ordinance thai will go Into effect in July which will be
a surprise to that large class of residents who use water
by meter. It means an Increase of 20' per cent on the water
ratos in vogue before the "solid Blx" passed the celebrated ordinance
last year that provoked several riots. The difference was only discovered
to-day by a ratepayer who visited the City Hall to ascertain If the water
rate Is to ncreased.
The increase Is the result of a little jugglery to which the people are
of the difference between 1000 gallons of water and 100
.•; w iter, and this difference is about 25 per cent. •
In ■ Manuel ordinance, which was introduced and passed
durintr Dr nißtration, the rate for meters was fixed at 20 cents
per thousand gallons. The "solid six" ordinance of last year fixed the rate
a 1 ;;,, hundred cubic feet This was the first time water had been
measured by 100 which Is about 7SO gallons, and made the rate
about 40 cents per thousand gallons.
A few ' : °uncH passed an ordinance which was not favored
I the "six," and it provides for a rate of "26 cents for 100 cubic
- is equal to a rate of about 34 cents for 1000 gallons— nearly
rdinance, that was considered the right thing four years
MRS. BOOGAR'S
TROUBLES NOT
YET AT AN END
Even Her Homestead
Is Threatened.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
Broadway, April 21.
Mrs. rhilip Boosar, widow of Philip
ir, who was Bhot by her fath< i
• - agfo, may Boon find that Bhe
is to ! • ■! "1" every vestige "f the
y her husband at the
ath. She was surprised a
the papers that the
[y her
own is to 1
•■ the administrators.
later three appraisers visited the
. ses and the widow Is wond
what will happen to her in i
the matter will be. taken
"When my husband died." paid Mrs.
money
• | ■ have
reeeh -■ and it now looks as If
I mtg [ have no li
in this homestead. For five years the
i in litigation .
time ago i ent< red ■ ment.
which was duly signed, by which 1 |
the will of I
gar if 1 were K'ven absol l 1 I I to this
homestead. The heirs in the East were
the will and I
waived my rUht to a.:: that w is claimed
by th«m.' 1 have been living
lleving that I owned the place, which is
■!. but I am now ii:i
. have a life interest in it and
■ ■ that
am told that It is only a formality and
for feei
will be litigation. This
' I
FOUND HE WAS
NOT A DESERTER
GOOD FORTUNE OF A MEMBER
OF SIXTH ARTILLERY.
Oakland Office San Francis
; : 21.
Guy C. Ballran considers he Is lucky to
guardhouse on a minor •
d "f b< Ing held tlon in time
■ 9 ir. His attempt to <".■ tery A,
Sixth Anil;- ry. which Bailed yesterdayfor
Manila, has brought to light the fact that.
g the little affair in the
Philippines calling for a hundred thou
sand men, this country is not at war with
any people and that a deserter is not
until he has been away with-nit
leave for ten days.
sterday afternoon Baliran landed in
.: .1 and Indulged to the extent <>f
g his judgment. H^ paid he was an
artilleryman and that his battery Balled
.y, but that h" had
rted at th'^ last moment, [n pr
this • Baliran exhibited* his ar
tilleryman's uniform In a grip and said
• ver wear it again.
Lble Moffitt went at a very
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
early hour this morning to Ballran's room
and the artillerymnn repeated his story
of desertion. Moffitt arrested him anil
took him to the County Jail, loiter he
taken to San Francisco mid waa
overjoyed to learn that he waa not a de
'•. The army officials decided that as
ountry is at peace a man is not a
ter till he has failed to report for
ten days. Baliran was put in the guard-
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
BERKELEY, April 21.— There Is no
r to be an athletic association of the
University of California distinct from the
organization known as the Associated
Students. The students of the university
held a meeting this morning, at which
they voted to combine the two into one.
A constitution has been drawn up, which
will serve as a working basis for the stu
dent body, giving it control over all col
athletics, finances, debates and inter
collegiate contests, with power to delegate
Lthorlty in these several departments
ppolnted by the president.
The new constitution has been adopted
without a discerning voice and went intu
effect to-<luy.
i feature of the new system
ganlzattOD is that it centralizes all
college activities under one controlling
l >p.iy. Membership in limited to those only
\s\ii have paid the annual fee, Hxed by the
terms of the constitution at $1. None but
■•■ ed to vote or to
any student (.nice. This does away with
£ petitioning the Board of Re
• i pose an assessment of 25
upon tv.-ry student registering for a
ternVs ■work in order to meet the require
ments of the students' finances. That
allowed to
it being thought that the solution
sting upon a fee beforo
membership is obtained in the Associated
Students will prove the more satisfactory.
At the meeting to-day nominations were
received for the position of treasurer,
which carries with It a salary of $40 a
month. Tiie. election will lie between
Charles 11. Reith, l'eter Kaarsberg and
E. Dickers..!!.
MEMORIAL DAY OBSERVANCE.
Delegations for G. A. R. Posts Organ-
ize and Make Arrangements.
Representatives from Lincoln, Cass,
hi ;uxl Liberty posts of the Gi
Army of the Republic mot last evening
nai B'rith Hall and effected the per
a Memorial day
committee. K. S. Salomon acted as ter
n■ ■ chairman and Frank E. Myers as
rary secretary. A committee on
entials wns appointed, after which
ifflcere were elected. Some
was exhausted in the selection
as most of the candidates
I for the place seemed dispose. i to
i the honor to some other post. The
ii finally resulted as follows: \Y.
v,\ Stone of Lincoln Post, chairman;
Frank E. Myers ol Garfleld Post, secre
tary, and J. C. Bollea of Lincoln Post,
treasun r.
Further than the organizing of the com
mittee Little business was transacted, as
ibairman requested time in which to
name sub-committees. Several communl
.s were read from the pastors of
is churches requesting the presence
of the Grand Army at memorial services
to be held on the Sunday preceding Memo
rial day. AmonK them were invitations to
attend the Howard street M. K. I'hurch
and the First Congregational church. Ac
tion on these communications was de
ferred until the next meeting, which will
be held next Wednesday night in the
same hall. It is understood that Dr.
Locke is arranging elaborate services to
be held In the Metropolitan Temple.
There will be about sixty veterans of
this city who will attend ' the encamp
ment, which will bopin May 1 at
San Dieg-o. An exciting contest is
<>n for the office of department
commander. Tin- position is con
• to Southern California, and there
tour leading candidates— Comrades
Dill of San Diego, Bell of Ventura, Sea
mons of l.os Angelea and Shafer of Los
Angeles.
Baseball To-Day.
Santa Cruz will Invade the local dia
mond for the first time this season in a
game with Oakland. The Crabs will put
In their crack twirler, Donlin, while Shea
will be in the box for Oakland. Ewing
has filled the gap in his ranks caused by
the dismissal of Borland by signing Crou
for left Held, materially strengthening his
t.am thereby. To-day's contestants are
tied in gnmes won and lost, and as Santa
Cruz has been hitting terrlfloallv ;hi-
Bon, as well as Oakland, n pood old-fash
ioned slut'Rinß match, with dean Melding.
may he expected. The same begins at 3
-k. The line-up is as follows:
Oakland. Positions. Santa Cruz.
M. ?kiman First base Clark
Lee Hammond.... second base Williams
Lange Third base Devereaux
Kchmeer Shortstop Airplanes
i 'roll I>eft Held Strelb
Donovan Center •field Cameron
Hurdle Rljrht field Burge
W. Hammond..;.. Catcher Pace
Shea ! ..Pitcher Donlln
Sacred Heart Parish Outiner.
! The annual outing of Sacred Heart Par
: ish will take plnce on Thursday, May 18
at Mirabel Park, situated at the Junc
tion of tho Russian and Mark West rivers
The various committees are working hard
| for Its success.
Kilauea Plantation.
The directors of the Kllauea Plantation
Company met yesterday afternoon and
elected the following officers: President,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have You Been Deceived?
When you wanted a bottle of
Hnnyadi Janes
NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Did your Druggist give you a cheap substitute, because he made a few cents
more profit? ** Will you believe those *' just as good "stories when you
know that " HUNYADI JANOS " is the only genuine Hunyadf "Water?
ASK YOUR Physician.
He will recommend it as other eminent physicians have for many yean.
John D. Spreekels; vice president and
treasurer. A. B. Spreekels; secretary, E.
H. Sheldon.
CONTINUANCE FOR LUCAS.
Judge Mogan Postpones the Extor-
tion Case Until Wednesday.
Owing to a crowded calendar, Judge
Mogan yesterday continued the case of
Albert E. Lucas, the detective, now under
arrest on complaint of J. F. Turner for
the crime of attempted extortion, until
next Wednesday at 2 o'clock. When the
case was first called before Judge Mogan,
Judge Aitken, who represented the ac
cused, made a motion for a continuance
for one week. George W. Collins, special
counsel for the prosecution, objected and
the motion was denied. Judge Aitken then
told the court that Lucas would have to
ill tend himself without an attorney if the
motion was denitd.
Judge Mogan asked the attorney If he
meant tt> withdraw from the case, and
was answered in the affirmative in event
the case was not continued. The court
denied the motion. Aitken withdrew and
Judge Mogan appointed Judge Webb to
represent the deserted detective. Lucas,
with a bewildered expression on his face,
then walked to the bar and pleaded for a
few more days' time. The court Informed
the detective that a half-hour was at his
disposal to discuss his case with counsel,
and when the half hour passed Lucas was
again called to the bar.
Turner took the stand to identify the
letters written to him by .Lucas demand
ing the payment of a large sum of money
and ending with a threat of some un
known kind of exposure if the demand
whs was not complied with. This closed
the Hide of the prosecution in the Police
Court. A continuance of a week was then
granted to tho defendant and yesterday
the case was again continued until
Wednesday for the further consideration
of the court.
TROUBLES OF AN ACTRESS.
' Mrs. Pauline Montaine Arrested on a
Charge of Disturbing the Peace.
Mrs. Puuline Montaine, wife of Clarence
Montaine of the Alcazar Company, was
arrested at an early hour yesterday morn-
Ing at Mrs. Crawford's lodging-house, 230
Ke tray street, where she roomed, for
disturbing the peace. She was taken to
the City Prison and later to the insane
ward In the Receiving Hospital, as she
was supposed to be suffering from hys
teria. The case was culled in Judge Gra
ham's court yesterday, but Mrs. Mon
taine was unable to appear, and it was
continued until April 26.
The troubles of the Montaines are not
of recent origin, but the couple always
Hindi' »ii> again. According to Mrs. Mmi
tui lie's story her husband called at her
rooms find she refused to admit him, as
she was caring for a sick lady friend.
Then, she alleges, he broke in the door
and she Bcreamed for help. As she suf
fered from m rvousnesa, although she
weighs about 250 pounds, she acted queerly
when the officers arrived and they ar
rested her. She alleges that she is an
actress and her husband stole her manu
scripts.
WILL SHOOT PIGEONS.
Supervisor Howard Black to Engage
in a Prize Pigeon Shoot With
W. C. Brown, an Expert.
A private prize pigeon shoot between
Supervisor Howard Mack and W. C.
Brown will be brought off this afternoon
at Ingleside. The match Is the result
of an Intense rivalry In that line -which
has existed between the pair for months.
Though Supervisor Black lias a reputa
tion of being: quite an accurate shot, he
is still an amateur, while his rival is a
f ull-rt« dged professional pigeon shot. A
champagne supper for a party of twelve
and a small side bet has been wagered on
th>- result. Supervisor I'helps. who is an
• xpert pigeon shot, will attempt to out-
Cnarles Fisher, another promising
novice. Ex-Supervisor Hughes will try
isions with Jeff Bolton. Many of
the Supervisors have promised to attend
the sh". ;.
SLAUGHTERING BROOK TROUT.
Another gang of fellows who deplete
the fishing streams of the State by the
use of dynamite has been arrested by
the agents of the State Fish Commis
sion. The accused are James Smith of
I San Jose, Manuel Vora and John Feeley.
A week ago they were surprised while
"shooting" off dynamite in a trout stream
on the boundary line of Alameda and
Santa Clara counties, but they ran as
Boon as they observed that they had been
detected.
Warrants were taken out for their ar
rest and the officers were unable to serve
the documents on account of the offend
ers keeping well out of sight until they
thought the trouble had passed. It is
believed that the evidence Is so complete
that their punishment will be very se
vere.
FOWLER WILL CONTEST.
Mrs. Ella P. Fnwler yesterday filed a
contest to the will of her late husband,
D. D. Fowler, who died March 9, leaving
nn pstate. valued at about $200,000. In the
will Mrs. Fowler was entirely Ignored,
the estate being devised to relatives and
friends, among them William D. Farren
and E. Groendyke, who are named as
defendants in the contest. Mrs. Fowler
alleges that her husband was of unsound
mind and executed his testament through
undue Influence.
It is ' understood that the contest was
filed simply to obtain a record in the case,
a compromise having been effected.
Passed Fictitious Checks.
rimrlr.s Van Winkle, a young man, was
arrested yesterday by Detective McMahon
on a warrant charging him with misde
meanor embezzlement. The complaining
witness Is H. T. Perneau, printer, f>l4 Clay
street, who accuses Van Winkle of pass
ing a fictitious chock on him for $30 drawn
on tho Bank of Napa, after purchasing
$1 25 worth of paper and getting tho
change. Van Winkle's undo Is president
of the Hank of Napa nnd got tired of pay
ing his nephew's checks, van Winkle also
passed a check for $60 on Zellerbach &
Bons, paper dealers on Clay street.
On a Visit of Pleasure.
Alfred Seasongood. a leading banker of
Cincinnati, is at the Palace. H<> is accom
panietl by his wife. Miss Martha and Miss
Roselle Seasongood. Mr. and Mrs. L. Sea
songood are also In tho party. Their visit
to this city is one of pleasure.
LATE SHIPPIN'OS INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, April H.
Schr Viking, Peterson, 4 days from Coos Bay
Bchr Laura Pike, Johnson, 35 hours from
Eureka.
RETURNED.
Friday, April 21..
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, hence April 19
for Bowens Lending, on account of carrying
away foremast head April 21, 4 p. m., 15 miles
northwest of Point Reyes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TA COMA— Arrived April 21— Schr H C
Wright, from Eureka.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER 9.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 21 — Stmr
Etrurla, from New York and Liverpool.
NEW RULING IN
THE HOMER-ALKI
COLLISION CASE
Seattle Inspectors Are
Reversed.
BERMINGHAM IS OUTSPOKEN
SATS THE BLAME WAS PLACED
ON THE WEONG MAN.
Suits for Damages Against the Ho
mer Will Now Be Dropped and
New Ones Against the
Al-Ki Will Follow.
____
The decision of Captain John Bermtng
ham, United States Inspector of Hulls and
Boilers, in the Homer-Al-Ki collision
case was made public on the front yester
day. The document was sent to Seattle,
1 but as it gives the local inspectors—Cap
tain W. J. Bryant, Inspector of Hulls,
! and C." C. Cherry, Inspector of Boilers—
; a severe keel-hauling, they have kept the
■ matter to themselves and no Information
may be expected from that source.
The collision took place on the night of
January 20, 1899. After hearing the testi
mony the local Inspectors suspended Cap
tain G. M. Jesson of the Homer for thlrty
days and exonerated Captain J. W. Gage
of the Al-Ki. The case was appealed to
the Supervising Inspector, and after a
careful perusal of the testimony he finds
that Jesson was not to blame, and says
further that Captain Gnge should have
been suspended for six months.
On the night in question the Homer
backed out from Schwabaeher's wharf at
Seattle. The night was clear, and when
600 yards away from the wharf Captain
Jesson and the pilot saw a steamer light
about half a mile away. This steamer
later proved to be the Al-Ki. Between
the two was the British man-of-war
Pheasant. The Homer blew one whistle.
Captain Jesson signifying that he would
go to starboard. This signal was prompt
ly answered from the Al-Ki, and the Ho
mer proceeded to pass inside the Pheas
ant, Captain Jesson naturally thinking
the Al-Ki would pass on the outside. In
stead of that the Al-Kl rounded the
Pheasant's stern at fuil speed. As soon
as the Homer caught sight of the Al-Kl
bearing down on her Captain Jesson blew
the danger signal and then came the
crash. Both vessels were almost wrecked
from the force of the collision. Captain
Gage testified that he heard the Homers
whistle, but thought it was a steamer en
tering her slip.
After reviewing the evidence Captain
Bermingham goes on to say:
"Much of the testimony in this case as
to distance will not stand the test of
mathematical analysis. During the hear
ing of the case by the lower court the
appellant (Captain Jesson of the Homer;
was critically examined as to why he did
not keep out of the way or the Al-Ki af
ter she rounded the stern of the Pheas
ant. Strange as it may seem, the master
Of the Al-Ki was not questioned as to
why he came around close to the Pheas
ant's stern In the dead of night at full
speed. True, h ered the state
ment that he always came from Four
mile Rock in the night at full Bpeed,
hi ading a Foutheast course for a certain
light on Schwaba'h<r's wharf, where he
lined up at reduced speed for his berth,
which it appears was about 500 yards
away, about four points to the south
ward. But had he further stated to the
court (which asserted that such was the
common practice of all steamers entering
the harbor of Seattle) that he proposed
hereafter to discontinue such methods of
navigation the commercial community
of that region would no doubt have felt
greatly relieved; but as matters now
stand there is some doubt as to his fu
ture procedure when nearing the water
front of Seattle at night, unless it should
occur to the local board to gently inti
mate to him that while such haste to save
a minute or two in getting to his wharf
might be agreeable to himself and own
ers, it would be correspondingly disagree
able to other vessels which might perforce
be navigating those waters at night.
"1 quite agree with the board that there
seems to be no reasonable excuse for the
collision,' but I do not agree with them
that the Homer should have taKen the
sevtrn.i miles of clear water outside the
warship, which they say she should have
taken. She chose — and very properly so—
the Inside course, and It was natural from
the appellant's (Captain Jesaon) point of
view to suppose that the Al-Ki would
have taken the outside, as she had an
swered his signal. Had the Al-Ki been
slowed down at the moment, as she
should have been, especially when she
could not see whence the signal of the
Homer came, there would have been no
collision, as the Al-Ki would then have
approached the Homer at such speed as
to be more readily controlled by her
master.
"It is not true that had the Homer gone !
even llfty feet farther ahead or nearer j
the dock the Al-Ki would have cleared !
her. The appellant (Captain Jesson) could I
not be expected at that time to know j
Just where the Al-Ki was going, as she
had come around the stern of the Pheas- !
ant, showing her gTeen light. It is quite I
likely the appellant would have taken the !
out6ide route had he supposed the Al-Ki
was going to take the lneide one, but
after she accepted his signal he could not
do so. • * •
"The lower court held that the appel
lant (Captain Jesson) was by rule 2 of
the rules and regulations governing pi
lots, fifth position, obligated to keep out
of the way of the Al-Kl. because the
latter showed her green light on tho port
side of the Homer. It is not clear to me
how the appellant could have observed
the rule quoted and keep out of the way
of the Al-Ki, as the Homer had but
little way on her. When the gTeen light
of the Al-Kl was shown that vessel was
answering her port helm at considerable
speed, which apparently left the appel
lant in doubt as to whether he should
keep out of her way by backing or going
ahead. The lifth provision of rule '1 ap
plies when vessels are approaching each
other somewhat near on parallel lines on
about a four point course, and not when
a vessel exposing her green light to the
starboard side of the other is swinging
to her port helm close aboard of such
other vessel. The Homer under the cir
cumstances was not in a position to ob
serve such rule, and, consequently, as it
appears to me, could not avoid the Al-Ki,
which came on at full speed (and blindly
so far as the Homer was concerned) up
to a moment before the collision.
"Therefore 1 hold that the master of
the Al-Ki, J. W. Gage, was at fault and
should have his licerifse suspended for six
months, and not the appellant. Hence the
lower court erred in suspending the li
cense of tho appellant (Captain Jesson),
as it did, for thirty days from February
G, 1599."
This decision will raise a rumpus in
Seattle, as the owners of the Al-Ki have
assessed the Homer for damages, while
the owners of merchandise in both steam
ers have begun suit to recover the value
of them from the Homer's owners. All
these suits will how have to be dismissed
and new ones begun against the owners
of the Al-Kl. The owners of the latter
vessel have no appeal, but the Seattle
local Inspectors can carry the matter
before the Board of Supervising Inspect
ors at its next meeting, and this will
probably be done.
TENNIS CRANKS IN
CHAMPIONSHIP STRIFE
The Busiest Week on the Courts in
Years — Some Hard Contests
Among Racquet-Wielders.
This is the day for the tennis crank. On
every club court around the bay there will
be some tournament matches, but the
most Important of all the tournaments Is
that which will be held on the California
club courts this morning at 9 o'clock. It
WiU b« between .the representatives of the
University of California and Stanford
for the intercollegiate championship of
1899.
Sam Hardy and Snyder have been se
lected to wear the cardinal and Sumner
Hardy and Stone the blue and gold. Be
sides being a battle between the two col
leges it will be a fight between brother
and brother. The Hardys have never met
before under just such circumstances. In
all the other tournaments in which they
have played and crossed rackets both rei>
ii sonted the same club and the resultant
contest wus not deep-dyed in Mood. The
match this morning- will be of a different
order. It in whispered about that both
men will play their very best and that
there will be no mercy shown. The Har
dys will meet in the first match of sin
gles and then Stone and Snyder will have
their inning. After this a doubles will
be played. The Hardys are on the same
plane of tennis, having been coast cham
pions duriup the hist few year?, and arc
HOW the best active players wielding the
racket. The struggle this morning should
be one of the best seen in years.
It will be t busy day for the respective
scorers of the Academic Athletic League.
The following matches of the champion
ship tournament of that association will
be played to-day: Roth of the Lyceum
School" and McGavin of the Lowell High
School, Welhe of the Lyceum and Hooper
of the Lowell High School at the Califor
nia Club courts; Dibert of the Oakland
High School and Alexander of the Ala
meda High School, Brown of the Oak
land High School and Otis of the Alameda
High School at the Madison courts. Oak
land; Jnnes of Boone's Academy and Ja
eobi of the A. U. A., Brummell of Boone's
and Mitchell of the A. IT. A. at the Ala
meda Club. The doubles: Brummell and
Jones, Boone's, and Mitchell and Jacobi,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /£JLw^^/
Tery small and as easy
• to take as sugar.
SFF lrADTrtfcl FOR HEADACHE. SFF
* LL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. ML
rciTf'UTC WATTLE FOR BIUOUSMESS. rrwiTivn
GENUINE g [ivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
I piLLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFI? J^ M " FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKArrtK flmfl I FOR THE COMPLEXION "KAITIIK
p . | dXZZSTTZyiIZ must have s^cnatuhc.
25 Cents I Purely Teyetable./^^^^^rt!:
"FRI3STTEID O3ST I^EI3 PAPER,"
JP*^J No KNIFE or PAIN
\ 1 ajffifti^ No Pay until
J^J sOL Any lump in a
\ jmEm JB/BBp \ woman ' s breast is
IBSSSSfeg;'^^^^^^ cancer. Faceandlip
also common places
i^^iillSiim 12 ° pp- bockTeht feee.
S. R. CH A V, M. D., 25 Third St., S. P.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
j£o!^^?lo^r-?s> O CTO R
mgp^^m MEYERS
rW **2£&dmL Specialists for Men
t*~ rurin l! w*»kot«s and con-
\\ Ym'lk ■ tract * d »ilm*nt» «inre IHSI.
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. _ Alj FI E . E Y -
ah lettera confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
' 731 fffraAXCISCO iE'«v»t»r Entrance.
/r? B " fc X LADIES DOYOOOOf
£ rU-'T DR. FELIX LEBRUN'S !
yjffi a \ Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
j • Jis the original and only FRENCH,
7 ' r safe and reliable cure on the mar-
y *^ket. Price. $1.00; Bent by moil.
r ■ 1 Genuine sold only by
QEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Sol* A«enu,
IU Kearny «t.. B*n Frmaclico.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
aDO NOT DESPAIR ! I>o not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Xervoua Debility ara
absolutely cured by I'EKFKCTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
somnia, failing memory ond the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of car 1 y years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace the system. Give / 4Ok bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^TN young or old.
One box renews vital energy. PlliC boxes at
2. 60 a complete guarante cii quip \-j!;t' or nioney re-
funded. Can be carried in vest > *«s»' pocket. Sola
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THE rEItFKCTO CO., Cmtun Iliilf., rhlcago, Ilk
Sold by Owl Drug Co., B. F. and Oakland.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S *«-*
flslga Kuseuna of Anatomy
frarel 1051 XASESTBT. let. Cii & 7th, Z.T.ZiL
B % %$ * ■ The Largait of its kind In the World.
Jil«>\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I J^OSnT R^ Comaltstlon tnt. Write Tor Book
5\ I ph!l^phr» MarHagi.
y l^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iL^I <>£'"> KEABNT HT. Established
f^iL s In 1*54 for the treatment of Private
*»Lv?V'Sjfi( l ) > ''-s p! ', Lost Manhood. Debility or
HBft disease wonting on bodyanti mind and
.^■■■^HH Skin Diseases. ThedocUircureswben
■ Uieis ' a!l - Try him. Charges low
• V-7^; uHH Cnrpscnsrantpf d. Callorwrite.
■22>r. J. Mf. •*! KB**?*- Box 1957. Sac Franclaca
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Iliogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARTT Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG MARU ...Thursday, June 1
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June 27
Round trip ■ tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage, apply at coinpany"s office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRES3 LINE. '- vt'o.\
NEW PARIS— HAMBURG.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— HAMBURG DIRECT.
NEW YORK— LONDON— HAMBURO.
•BFGIIVNIaG APRIL 29th the Steam-
ers of this Service will touch at Plymouth
and Cherbourg on th« way to Hamburg.
For Ballings, etc., apply to HAMBUHG-
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway, Now York.
HEKZOG & CO., Gen. Agts. Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome, and
118 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
COMPAQNIE GENERATE TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. fTjft
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m.
from Pier 42, North River, foot of «*"" l »
Morton Bt. LA GASCOGNE, April 29; LA
NORMANDIE, May 6; LA CHAMPAGNE. May
13; LA BRETAGNE, May 20; LA TOURAINE,
May 27. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,-
-5 i>er cent reduction on round trip. Second-
class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent ■ reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & i 0., Paci-
fic Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery are., San Fran-
claco, A
A. T*. A.. Alameda Club: Otis and Alex
ander, Alameda High School, and Dibert
and Brown, Oakland High School. Madi
son Club.
The result of the first round of this
tournament Is: Roth and YVVihe by de
fault from Hudson and Valentine: Mc-
Gavin beat R. B. Watson, 6—l. 6—l: Hoo
per beat A. N. Watson. 6—2, fi— 3: Hooper
and McGavin. Lowell High School, bfat
D and Watson. r > — 2. 6 — 3.
Rarely has there been so much hard
tennis "a? at the California Club this
week. Horace Mann and S< red a
tie against Drummond McGavin
George Brummel. each getting two sets.
and Henly beal Grant Smitl
Cornell, o—6, 6—3, 6—3, 7—o, 6-*-4. Sumner
• beat Joe Daily, 6—4. i
Cornell, 6—3. Bob Whitney and 6
.in and George Whitney, 11—9.
7—6,6—4,6—3. B. F. Beal beat Dave Pain
ter, 6—4. C. Smith beat Painter. 6—2. Dai
ly and Painter beat Heal and Smith, 6—4,
6—::.
Among: the ladies the following- scores
show the record for the week: Miss Mid
dleton and Miss Pease beat Miss Eckerdt
and Miss Schmidt, 4—6. 6—3. 6— l» Miss
Bowman beat Miss Bernice Brown, 6— 3,
C—
"Planets and Comets."'
At the Mechanics' Institute to-nipht a
lecture will be given on "Planets and
Comets, Their Distances and Motions."
by Professor Armln < >. Leuschner, Ph.D.,
director of the Btud rvatdry of
the University of California. This will ha
the concluding lecture of one of the most
successful and instructive si
given by the Mechanics' Institute. The
lecture is free to members of *he Me
chanics' Institute and t li.-ir friends.
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
No. 39 GEAEY ST.
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For th? Benefit of the Cret" ' ->rs.
TO-DAY (Saturday), April 22.
At 2 and Bp. m. dally until - are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPAN
GOODS OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRONZIES. EBONY GOODS,
i A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
: IVORY GOODS SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
I WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS. ROBES. JACK-
! FTS AND TAP.T.R (-OVERS-
i C. P. TROY & CO.. Auctioneers.
SALOON FIXTURES and LIQUORS
THIS DAY (SATURDAY) AT 11 A. U.
306 MINNA ST., NEAR FOURTH. -
FRANK W. I3UTTERFIEL.D, 667 Market st.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h* Steamers leave Broadway
*B*y^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
lßraßkV For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.
||S«£®«l»\ April 21, 26, May 1; change at
KW& Seattle.
! Hifw^B WB For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
EK3Tr££)«l C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
|Ha Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a, m. April 21, 26, May 1,
1 and every fifth day thereafter; chancre at Seat-
tle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. April
19. 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
j Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
j Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
| San Pedro, Ea.st San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
■ Newport, 9 a. m., April 22. 26, 30, May 4, and
i every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
; Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Anpeles), 11 a.
i m., April 20. 24, 28, May 2, and every fourth
i day "thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, TjSl Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
; and hours of sailing.
TIt'KKT OFFICE — New Montgomery
street ,'Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF 12 First Class including Berths
rHIIL $8 Second Class and .Meals.
Columbia sails April 23: May 3, 13, 23.
State of California sails April 28; May 8,
IS, 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butta.
; Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
63*1 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent. :
AMERICAN LINE,
NEW rOBK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 3|St. Lov.is May 24
Parts May 10 Paris May 31
St. Paul May IT St. Paul June 7
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnd Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland May 3|Westernland May 24
Friesland May 10 Kensington May 31
| South wark May l'lXoordland June 7
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Oawson City.
I For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION* COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
PMMMUagI The S. S. Australia
fjCHRIC ™ v * fnr Honolulu
!•[£■•"■'■' Wednesday, May 3, at
Ci I s'^Tr*\ "S. 8. Moana sails
iKIP/irnvlirW via Honolulu and
C)lMllljlllU c -' Auckland for Sydney
fSmfiflßU- Wednesday, May 17.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.: J6lO first class.
i J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
; Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market Sf.
BAY AND RIVEE ST"SAMER3.
I -*■«-— -——•—«
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
Beginning April 24. THE STEAMER H. J.
CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
' dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m. .
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave' Washington-street wharf at 6 p. . m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
• CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO. .
Telephone Main SOS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJD.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Will b« ready for 'business about WEDNES-
DAY. April 28. JBM. . WATCH UKO3.
«J10
DONOVAN AND
THE NEW SQUAD
IN CHINATOWN
Were on Active Duty
Bright and Early.
A DAY OF INSPECTION
LIEUTENANT ESOLA DISPOSED
TO AID THE SERGEANT.
Both Agree to Work Together— The
Fire Department Begins the Dis
ciplining of Inhabitants
of the Quarter.
Sergeant Donovan and his now squad \
•were in the Oriental quarter bright ami >
early yesterday morning. The sergeant j
proceeded nt once to familiarize himself j
with the situation, and before nightfall j
he had succeeded in spotting several of j
the gambling resorts. Many of the Chi- ;
nese merchants in the quarter who are
friendly to the police made themselves
acquainted with the new sergeant and
furnished valuable hints that will aid him
In his work. Donovan has never been
detailed in Chinatown before, but as he
is an 'experienced officer he should not be ;
long In learning the ropes.
Lieutenant Isola visited Chinatown \
shortly after noon and held a lengthy \
conference with Sergeant Donovan. The j
lieutenant assured Donovan that he would i
give him all the assistant i possible in j
lils efforts to suppress gambling and keep |
the peace. Esola. being thoroughly fa- J
miliar with every nook and corneT of j
Chinatown will be a valuable ally to the j
new sergeant. Both officials talked over i
the situation and went over the ground j
together Esola pointing out the leading :
gambling resorts and otherwise giving j
Donovan suggestions.
For at least a week Sergeant Donovan
and his iuad, who, by the way, are |
stalwart policemen, weighing close to the i
£<W-pounrt mark, will spend their time get- ;
ting acquainted with the devious ways of j
the Chinese and the places In which they !
congregate. Then they will commence a
systematic onslaught on the gambling re- j
When the new squad reported to the
sergeant yesterday morning he instructed
them at length on the situation as far as
he knew it and impressed upon their
minds the importance of the work they '
have been selected to perform. The squad ,
consists of five of the . indent policemen I
in the department; and Sergeant Donovan ;
will make it a point to keep three of them
In the quarter at all times. It any unfore- j
seen contingencies arise which render this ;
arrangement impossible Donovan will
draw upon the California-street station
for reinforcements. The sergeant and his
new squad spent the day patrolling the
alleys and inspecting the various so-called
merchants' clubs, many of which are ;
nothing but full-fledged gambling resorts j
No obstacles ... re placed in the waylof ;
the squad on their tour. The doors of the |
gambling resorts were thrown wide open i
and every room was deserted.
While the Police Department is dally- ;
ing with the Oriental quarter, the Fire
Department is not idle Chief Sullivan Is
mined to force the Inhabitant! of I
Chinatown to tear down all obstructions j
that are liable to harass the work or en- :
danger the men in Ins department. As
sistant Chief John Dougherty has been
in Chinatown since last Tuesday. order
ing the occupants of the ramshackle ■
buildings to remove the bars on their j
windows. kyllghts and doors, and to tear
down cupboards, flimsy awnings and
other obstacles that stand in the way ■
of the liremen. The task is by no means
a pleasant or easy one, as the Chinese
have always been accustomed to liar their
windows and doors, and when the assist
ant chief orders them to take obstacles
down they chatter like a cage of mon
keys, and in many cases flatly refuse to
obey the mandate.
Dougherty has an intelligent Chinaman j
on his staff and uses him to good advan
tage. Every time a Chinaman attempts
to seek refuge behind the proverbial "No
sabe," the assistant chief winks knowing
ly t.i his trusty Interpreter and says:
"Hen one of them 'no sabe' fellows:
ask him if he sabee a ride In the patrol
n."
• chief spont tho day visit
ing the Chinatown property of Madison &
Burk>». The firm detailed one of its
representatives to accompany the assist
ant rhir-f and Instruct the tenants to obey
his or
Last night lieutenant Esola visited
Chinatown and spent the greater part of
the evening In showing Donovan and
BQuad through the district. The iirst ar
rest made bj the new squad was on Du
-7:2". Ah Sam was taken
into custody and charged with aiding and
lottery. Tickets and
tools were found in his possession and
will be held as evidence. Several suspi
cious characters were held up and
ched by the offlt era, but no Runs or
knives were found in their pos
■ .
WILL OBSERVE 'DEWEY DAY."
Sons of Vermont to Commemorate
the Admiral's Great Victory
With a Big Celebration.
No opportunitj - being neglected by
tho comin: inted by the Pacific
elation of the Native Sons of
Vennoni to make the celebration tho bo
m the Santa Cruz
tains a memorable onr\ Commrm
oratlng aa it will the grand victory
■iniir.il Dewey in Manila
Bay, tli>- celebration on that day gives
promise of beii finest of its
kind ■ in this State. The State
< i Vermi ni has thousands nf representa
tives in this city and they purpose doing
mous Bon.
Another meeting of the fnmmittpp was
held last evening In the Occidental Hotel
and matters pertaining to the Mi: cele
bration w< ssed and dispose
Th<- programme for the day has been ar
ranged, an excellent band has been en
gaged and the tickets for the round trip
;m- in the hands of the committee and
will be put '.n sale shortly. Th. r. la
every Indication that the attendance at
the picnic will be very large. Judg
ward A. Belcl . rlcr Court
will act as president of th,. day ar,*] m m
Kstee will delivei the oration. Thc> rom
mittee of arrangements consists of A O
Perkins, chairman; A. O. Colton M. T
Ellenwood. V. P. Northrop, A ]■' j U r-is
and Becretary B. <;. Cheever. An auxil
iary committee composed of residents of
Alameda County Is .^ii! work
It COng 3tß Of Mrs. [.. J. Hardy Jr 1} p
Geddings, T.. \V. McLaughlln and Mrs 8
W. I '■ ming.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RAND HOTEL.
Hiss Li Hammon. Minn'J E HrkUrrnan & w
" Haack. Hellbronn Washington
D D Butphen, NY JF E liaymon Npv
E J Boyle, ''hfro [•: Berwick. Monterey
E E Lausen & w. Call ; A Dougherty. Sal Ins
\V U" Worthing. Stktn If Cox .-. d. Sacto
I, M Hancock. Nev CyiJ U Meyers, Chgo
J B Richardson. Sulsn C \V Parsons. Bodle
I" II Ardemann, Gonzl Mrs R H Brooke. L An
J KscoltP. Montrey Mrs a li Birch. Ca]
" A Halprht, Alameda Miss E Birch, Palo ai
j A Sanborn. Cal Miss E Payne. Palo Al
.' Wray. Pctaluma Miss Rose. Palo Alto
Mrs II B Chase. Portld M D Ballard. w & d
Miss Chafer. lowa Seattle
Mrs C C Floyd. NT W C Wray A- w. Colo
Mrs .1 H Nelson. Ohio L. a Blakealae, Reno
B C Csdraan, Pinole [} a McElpeah, L Ang
2 Earnest. NY !i H GrlfHn, Stockton
L F Wilson. Mexico G N McDone. Susanvl
\.j I, Green. Orovllle It S Johnsoji, Stktn
B Raffle, Monterey \V Davis. Cal •
Pr Pens. Sacto Miss Davis. Cal
W D roster. Boston I Miss M I! Baker. Cal
Mrs E B Halbury. N Y|F C Stamford. a !
Mrs I-" Grand. N V IH Johnson. Canada
I' M Plumb. B Mateo 111 R McNoble, Stktn
Hr? R E Plumb. 6 Mto|C L Rufrßrleg, Stktn
\V II Jackson & w. NY L Cornath & w. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
X II Connolly, NY L, de Liner, Marysville
C ]: Bullock, Boston C Small, L Ans
M X Oliver, Boston J Martin. S Rosa
R BrannnKan. Cal G W Steele & w. Wla
J Murphy, HolHfiter B Peterson, L Ang
J Ijlntard, B Jose VV E Banks L. Angr
B Stein, Stockton H Hewitt, S Jose
; Brant, Fresno (Mrs C Stuart, L, Ang
E F Gibson, Oregon L. E Jameson. Jackson
B H Downe, Seattlo IC Wats, S Diego
PALACE HOTEL,.
W C Howard, La |W M Garland, L> Anf
3 Browne, London Mrs Garland, L Ang
tfrs G Browne, London S S Mitchell. N V
H C Meyer, NY F H Ooodyear, N T
Mrs H C Meyer, N V : Mrs Goodyear, N V
\V W Price, N V Miss Goodyear, N V
T Sharp Jr. Pa 'var, N X
G A Whiteford, Cal iMrs I^nmey, N V
Mrs Whiteford. Cal H L Congdon. Eng
1' 1-remly N V iMrs Congdon. Eng
C C Hlack, D B N |J D Sproul, l 'h» c °
J Ii Gllmer. U S N Mm J " Sproul. Chico
H G Louis. N V M P V7aite, Stanford
G G Sanborn, Pa iMrs G Lang, N V
F R Monis, Portland Misses Lant'. NX
A R Townsend. 11l Miss B Oebhardt, > T
It P Elliot. Dawson |J G Lang. NX
Mlsi Crabbe, N V Mrs L H Roberts. NY
Mrs A B Tost, N V Imlss M Roberts N V
M Johnson. U B N Miss Ellting, N \
De P Oliddon, tJ S N H R Kingsley. NY
M Bchenck, N V H H Baxter & v, N V
j c Bimonson, Mi.-h II Mulleken Ay N V
Mrs Bimonson, Mich C Q Merrill. CHilO
3 Toklo Bodie H H Ellis, I- Ang
J Watson. England P I» Bollard, L An*
Mr* Watson. Kngland F Clark, Spokane
.T n Pond, N V EC Rooney, BJpkane
Mr, J n Pond. N V I' McNally, Spokane
M S Hlnman, N V ] Hood, D 8 N
Mrs M L Hinman. N V
Builders' Contracts.
M Fhrman (owner) with Schanz & Grundy
(contractors), architect J. E. Krafft. Sewering,
plumbing and g;>s lifting for a double S-story
residence with bast N Itne of Jackson
street, 137:6 W of Pierce, W 88.-J by N 12.:8i£;
A. B Lang (owner) with Henry Hehrens (con
tractor) architect Joseph P McQuaid. AH
alteration? and additions except painting,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a 3-story
i ram,' building <3 flats) on N lino of Ellis street,
182:« E of S< itt, E »:U by N 1*7:6; $a6OO.
Ja-men Orndorff and George Schmitt (owners)
with I- A E Emanuel (contractors), architects
Havens and Toepke. Alterations and additions
for front Of !>2G .Market street and including
rr.Tit nn Ellis if 4-? Tory and basement brick
building known aa the Baldwin Annex, 926
ll ark "t street; $1630. *
V Kronenberg lonnfrt with John Quadt (con
tractor), architects Balfleld & Kohlberg. Paint
ing for ten flats and five stores with base
ments, four flats with att!<- and six flats with
ents all to be of frame with brick base
ments on NE corner of McAllister and Frank
lin streets, N W< by E 137:6; •:
SAN" FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— O27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2*7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister Btreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Sls Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3MI Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S o'clock.
106" Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHI'RCH NOTICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian <*hurch, cor. Golden
Gate aye. and Polk Bt.— -Services to-morrow
at 11 v. m. and 7:30 p. m. The pastor, K--v
H, H. He!l. will preach morning and evening;
morning theme. "The Intercesion of Christ";
evening, "The Just Instead of the Unjust."
stian Endeavor societies meet at ;..3O and
6:3u d. m. This church is for the masses.
Pews are free. Ushers are attentive. Come
and bring your friends. You may be assured
of a cordial welcome.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. <vs_«&!a>
1. O. O. F.— Regular meeting =? dRS
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
First degree. -"7/H^
A. K. KJNGSFORD. D. M.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC BTEMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders '
of said Company has been called by said .
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day i
of June, A. 1). 1599, at eleven o'clock In the j
forenoon of said day. at the principal place of ;
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
number 327 Market st.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that'
the object of said meeting is to consider and i
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million'
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), in
Unite. States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company: and to ;
secure the bonded Indebtedness so proposed '
to be created by a mortgage upon Its steam !
and sailing ships and all other property of |
paid Company now owned or hereafter to be ,
acquired by said Company.
By order" of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St., B. F., Cal., has re-
ceived the following orphans and half-or-
phans girls from .Tan. 1 to April 1. 1899: Dor-
othy Edye, 8 years: Susan Connolly. 3 years;
Rose Connolly, 2 years; Frances L. Dawson, 8
years; Helen G. Dawson. 6 years; Annie F.
Peoples. 10 years; Mary F. Peoples, 2 years;
Grace E. McKewen, 5 years; Marietta E. Me- j
Kewen, 3 years; Georgia A. Smith. 11 years: I
Laura Ciister, 11 years: Edna A. Anthony, 9
years: Myrtle Corrigan, 11 years; Lillian E.
Powers, 7 years; Theresa M. Bo wt well, 10
years; Maud M: Manny. 6 years.
ROOMS papered from $!; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected J'or $4; collections made; |
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION |
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 92 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship |
Company will be payable at the office of the i
company, 327 Market st., on and after
TUESDAY, May 2. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday. April 26, 1899, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON". Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co., 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl. MISS CULLEN. 325
Butter st. j
NEAT, elderly, worthy widow will go as j
housekeeper; understands the care of chil- ,
dren; good cook and laundress; wages small; i
references. MRS. 8., 268 Stevenson, room 2.
RELIABLE American woman, with daughter
12 years old, desires situation; general house-
work; good cook; wages $10 to $12. 1225 Jack- |
son st
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework; wages $20. Call for 2 days at 1212
Scott st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German lady de-
sires situation as working housekeeper; with
references. Address box 89, Call.
WANTED— position as working housekeeper;
good cook and willing to do sewing; good ref-
erences. Box S3, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent German
girl to take care of children or to do second ■
work and sewing. Address box 73, Call.
LADY wishes to get gentlemen's plain sewing
to. do. Address F. M., box 6. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Gorman woman wishes situa-
tion by the day; $1. 1920 Mason st.
LADY wants housework and cooking; wages
from $15 to $20 per month. 40S Laguna st.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish lady wishes a place
as first-class cook in city or country; cook for
men. 1747 Stockton et. , In the rear.
WANTED— as housekeeper or cashier
by a respectable American lady; city or coun-
try. Box 1, Call ..Mice.
GERMAN, middle with a girl 11 years
old, wishes situation as working housekeeper;
city or country. MRS. MOORE, 2033 Mission.
AN experienced Protestant lady wants posi-
tion as housekeeper; fond of children; will
do family sewing. Call or write MRS.
WHEELOCK, &41A Castro st.
GERMAN woman would like chamberwork.
Address box 4, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus I
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. AOKI, 20 Geary St. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE employmt office; help; farm hands,
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary St.; tel Polk 12.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 424.
BY steady, reliable middle-aged man, on pri-
vate place In city or Country; understands
care of lawn, horses, cows, etc; first-class
references. Address box 292, Call office.
WILL pay $10 for good position, city or coun-
try hotel, as bartender or head waiter; am
from the East; good habits; very best of ref-
erence. Box 82, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer with a good knowl-
edge of the undertaking business wishes a
situation In the country or city. Box 85, Call.
YOUNG Frenchman . attending night school
wishes employment of any kind during the
day; wages moderate. L, PICHON, 614 Bush.
THE SA:N FEAISTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL. 22, 1899.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION wanted by young- man about
plate- indoor or outdoor work; good horse-
man; best city references. HENRY ANDER-
SEN, 219 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED young married man wishes a
position as driver or any kind of work; Is
honest, obliging and reliable; b«st of refer-
ence. Box A 2, Call office.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler, experienced.
steady. 37. desires employment; town or
country; references. Box 294, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Japanese man wants work In
office or hotel as under janitor. Address box
75, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman, 20, wants work as por-
ter or to work about place; good worker. Ad-
dress G. WELLS, COl Stockton st,
YOUNG man of good business ability would
like situation of any kind in mercantile or
wholesale house. Box 72, Call office.
JAPANESE wants position to work in family;
housework, garden or any kind work; city or
country- S. X., 319% O'Farrell st :
JAPANESE, a candy worker, wants position
to work and learn to make candy in factory
or store; city or country. S. X., 319*4 O'Farrell.
EXPERIENCED young German wishes work
as window washer and housecleaner by the
day. Address Housecleaner, 748 Howard St.,
room 6.
POSITION as clerk In grocery store. In city.
or Oakland, by steady young Englishman;
3 years out; best of references. F. C, box
87, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable young man as
indoor servant; best of city references. T.
A., 419 Stockton st.
YOUNG man understanding work about place
desires work In city; references. Address A.
F.. box 3. Call.
SITUATION wanted by neat German boy In
city or country; age 16 years; residing with
parents; references. Apply at 1032 Hampshire
fit., near Twenty-third.
BOOKKEEPER, French. 46 years, good ac-
countant and correspondent, wishes situation;
first-class references. Address box 65, Call.
BAKER— Foreman, steady worker, with best
of references, wishes situation; city or coun-
try; stock or compressed yeast. Address M.
G.. box 1484. Call office, Oakland.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
3 WAITRESSES, $20 and $15 per month; cham-
bermaid, $15 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325
Butter st.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, Jo "per week each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Suttter st.
HOUSEWORK, Oakdale, $2."., 3 in family; St.
Helena, $20. fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 326
Sutter st.
GERMAN girl, bakery, $20 per month and
found. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and wait 1 meal, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PASTRY cook, $35 per month, hotel, city. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light second work and assist
with children, $15 per month. MISS CULLEN,
825 Sutter St.
COMPETENT lady*B maid, $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl. Burlingame, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL for delicacy store, $6 per week; must
speak German. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Ban Mateo, $35; see lady here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN with a child, $15 per month; country;
see party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
SEAMSTRESS, country. $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, $35; first-class place for the first of
May. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child 5 months old, $25 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE for 1 child 3 years old. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 186"
10 waitresses for commercial hotels In coun-
try, $20; 2 waitresses for hotel, mountains, $20, |
see party here 10 a. m. v 4 waitresses, city, ;
$20; 1 restaurant waitresses, short watch, to
week: 6 restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6
week; woman cook for summer resort. $35;
fancy Ironer for hotel, short way in country.
$25 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS
4 German cooks. $30.; cook and laundress,
country. $30, see party here; girls for Ala-
meda, $20; Oakland. $20: Berkeley, $20; Red-
wood City, $30; San Mateo, $15; Brent-wood, !
$15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETNET girls for general housework;
small American family; $::"; see lady here;
no office fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED— 3 cooks, $30 and $35: neat Scandi-
navian girl, general housework, $25; nurse, j
$20: French nurse to travel, $25; 2 waitresses, ,
count rv hotel, $20, see boss this morning; 4 I
waitresses, springs, $20; laundress. $30; 6 i
girls, housework, country. $20 and $25; second !
girl, $20; 20 girls, city, housework, $20 and
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
60 YOUNG girls for general housework; also !
some good ranch cooks; cook and laundress
for Redwood City, wages $30; first-class cook
for city. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St.,
phone Main 804.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts; steady employment. ROGERSON'S,
535 Valencia St.
WANTED — nicely dressed ladles for good
positions in the city. Call 435 Bush St., room
4. from 12 to 4 to-day.
GIRL wanted to assist children's dressmaker;
must be a neat sewer. Apply after 9 a. m.
at 2005 Fillmore St., near Pine.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmers and finishers;
also helper on skirts. 336 O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER wants good hand at dressmak-
ing. 1308% Powell st.
EXPERIENCED lady solicitor for fashionable
ladles' tailoring establishment. Box 290, Call.
AN apprentice at MMX. LICHAU'S Dressmak-
ing Parlors, 455 Geary st.
WAITRESS; also dinner waitress. Apply 406
Ellis st. ;
GIRL between 14 and 16 to assist In light
housework. Call after 9a. m., 714 McAllister.
LUNCH waitress to assist mornings and dis-
engaged time for room and board. 14? Taylor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman -<"-tPii. Call at 411
Van Ness aye. after 10 a. m.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for general housework.
S7l Market st.
GIRL for light housework, sleep home;- wages
$6. 502 A Turk st.
OPERATORS on caps, hats and sunbonnets;
also two tuckers. 547 Market st.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, Graham sys-
tem; must be good penman. Box 76, Call.
— operators on crash and duck skirts.
DAVIDSON & MILLER, 731 Market st.
OPERATORS on overshirts and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Young German i for housework In
private family, $15 per month and increase
and good home. W. D. EWER & CO., 626
Clay st. •
WANTED — for small restaurant near city,
$10 per week and room. W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— milkers for good steady job. $30
and found; milker, small dairy near city, $20;
2 farm hands, $26, see party In city; black-
smith for ranch, steady place, $40 and board;
farmers for vineyards, $20. and others. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— 2 French waiters for city, $30 per
month; waiter for nice place in city, $30;
porter for restaurant, $20; cook, $45; and
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay Bt.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... Phone Grant 185
Baker and pastry cook, country hotel, $40;
second cook, country, $40; pantryman, summer
resort, $25; porter, country hotel, $20; vege-
table man, $25; dishwasher, springs, $18;
waiter, country hotel, $25; dishwasher, coun-
try, $15.
Camp cook, city, $45; camp waiter, $20.
All-around laundryman, country, $35 and
found; marker, country, $12 a week.
Woodchoppers, $1 25 to $1 50 a cord; stable-
man, $25; farmer, $20; boy for soda works.
15 pick and shovel laborers, $2 a day, long
Job; office fee $1; ship to-day.
10 laborers for a quarry, $1 a day and board.
Railroad laborers Railroad teamsters,
ship to-day; carpenter, $2 60 a day. C R
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 8848
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Machine hand and woodworker for planing
mill, pee boss here
Blacksmith, country shop $35 and found
Buggy washer, $26 and found; stableman,
country; 10 pick and shovel laborers, near
city ,
Ranch blacksmith •
Farm hands and milkers $20 and $25
Woodchoppers, tiemakers, etc. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay Bt. .
CAMP cook, near city, $45 to $50 and found;
runner for country lodging-house; 8 cooks,
city and country, $30, $35 and $40; young man
to work in an Institution, $15 and found-
waiters, • dishwashers, etc. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MAN to work on a ranch. $25 per month and
found; man to make himself generally use-
ful in the house, $20, city; young man, pri-
vate hospital, go errands and make himself
generally useful, $15 per month and found.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
HEAD waiter, country hotel. $40; 2 waiters,
same country hotel, $.25. HOTEL GAZETTE,
120 Kearny. st
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— SingIe American working foreman
for ranch, references required; good wages.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Paperhanger; 3 jobbing black-
smiths and horseshoers, $54 and $2 day and
board, and $2 50 day; laborer for mine, $26
and board; office boy, $3 week; Incubator
man and vegetable gardener, $25 and found;
teamsters and others; cooks, waiters and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Emplymt.
Bureau, 1125 Market st. W. J. Brideshaw, Sec.
WANTED-^A first-class ladies' tailor for Los
Angeles; must be a good coat maker. Apply
to STEIN, SIMON & CO., bet. 12 and V
BRIGHT men canvassers and collectors; sal-
ary and commission. R. RALPH, 511 Mont-
gomery st.
STEADY young barber to run shop for few
months; half per cent. 2207 Mission St., corner
Eighteenth; call early; party sick.
WANTED— Bushelman at ROOS BROS., 25 to
37 Kearny st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1159^
Folsom St.; no students.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $5.
222 Gough st. _^___
WANTED for Saturday— Barber; good wages.
797 Mission St., near Fourth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
1211 Market St., near Eighth.
BARBER steady for Saturday evening and
Sunday. 1817 Dupont st.
BARBER wanted. . 119% Fourth st. LEMCKE.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Boy to learn showcard painting.
Address Signs, box 92, Call office.
GOOD bootblack for Saturday. 736 Market st.
WANTED— An A-No. 1 cake baker. REITZ'S
Bakery, 836 Valencia st^
GOOD young man cook. BSO Sixth st
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys
at law. Hearst building. Third and Market.
WANTED— Partner with $25 cash. 40 Ellis st.,
room 19; Inquire from 10 to 4.
EXPERIENCED' shirt and overall cutter
wanted. 410V4 Mission St., third floor.
PRESSMAN on pants, a N. WOOD, corner
Powell and Eddy sts.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel, Jessie 1164.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between n feet 4
inches and 6 feet 1 Inch' in height. For fur-
ther Information apply at the Recruiting Of-
fice, 40 Ellis Bt., San Francisro, Cal.
TWO first-class ladies' tailors wanted for the
country: must be rapid, good operators. Ap-
ply at STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and
Second sts., San Francisco.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 5C2 Mission St.,
bet.* Ist and 2<3 sts. ; open 5 a., m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. 3".c to
50c. 662 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
iro MEN to take best single room, lCc night; $1
week; "France House." 149 3d St.. and "Oak-
land House," 664H'Howard St.; reading-room.
WANTED Pallors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-606 Davis st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS for (ion. .lulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOBSON House. 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 60c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 13S 1 - Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Llridell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
BINOLE rooms, 16c, 20c, 25c per nttrht: 75c, $1
to 12 00 wk. Elcho House, 863H Market st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter .st.
THY Acme House, 967 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for SI per y<»ar.
AGENTS WANTED.
A GENERAL ngent— "Life of Admiral Dew-
ey " and "America's New Possessions"; su-
perbly illustrated; sample, 2f><\ stamps or
coin; catalogue free. F. TENNYSON NEELY,
114 Fifth aye.. New York.
ENERGETIC and trustworthy men as can-
vassing agents on liberal salary and commis-
sion. W. BROWN, 611 Montgomery st.
AOP.XTS— Our cigar lighter is the best quarter
article that ever happened. The Gem In-
troduction Co.. Milwaukee. Wls.
COUNTRY to sell I/eather Lustre; best seller
out: sample postpaid. 25c. J. Brown. 3"2 Bush.
HOUSES WANTED.
15 TO 20-room house, unfurnished ; north of
Market St. ; good tenant. Box 445, Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
FURNITURE wanted for 2 rooms for house-
kpg; state price. NE. cor. Turjc and Taylor.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market St.. pays hlchest
rash price for furniture, crocerles. etc.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand phaeton in good con-
dition; must be cheap; cash. Address box
m. Call of tire.
LAUNCH, 25 to 30 ft., wltn or without engine;
must be cheap. H. P. WHITE, 516 Mission.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGcTINS' Dental J'arlors?~"
Emma Spreckels' bldg., !'27 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty: inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and brldgework; teeth
without plates our specialty; flexible plates
from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood lildg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$8 50 up; plates,- extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, It a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, '.! to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty: full set of
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings, snc: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors. 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL I'ARLOHS, S Mason St.. corner Market.'
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G
YOT-NG, IMI I', Ik st
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction
guarantd. N. V. Dentist. WP Mission, cor Cth.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and~m7n7ng7^as^
saying, blowpipe anal.. Chemistry, geol. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method
ELECTRICAL— Theory Rnd practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English: 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st!
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market stT;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, W; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers!
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates- day'
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1230 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve ■
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.'
BOOKKEEPING; the only place on the coast
to learn it practically; rapid calculations
time. TARR. 571 Parrott building.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus^
lness College, 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S F., and MM Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof] De FuTppe^s
Academy of Languages, 320 PoBt; ablest profe.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG man desires the acquaintance of re-
fined Christian young lady about 20; object
matrimony; strictly confidential. Box 274,
Call office.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
SEND stamp for free copy matrimonial paper
containing many personal ads. 653 Clay st.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITARI. 313 Sutter St.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser; popular
prices, 25c; good switches, $1; fine, $2 50; long-
est hair rolls, 35c: Quintonica. the Infallible
hair tonic, 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
VITAL ORE REMEDIES— A cure for every
one, for all complaints; price Vital Ore, $1;
Vital Ore Pills. 25c; Vital Ore Oline, 50c; send
me your address and I will ealt or 6end by
mall. J. Z>. FORD, 340 Third St., S. F., Cal.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 204 San Jose
aye., near Twenty-fourth st. Tel. White 481.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission st., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller In the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
2.'c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER' S FOAMO SHAMPOO, the best In
the market, 6c package; try it; see fine win-
dow exhibit this week. 123 Stockton st.
SUITS to order $1 per week. CHICAGO CLOCK
CO., 1814 Market St.: open evenings.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st, bet. 7th and Sth.
SBARROKO & CO., grocers, formerly of 531
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. Bt.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y. TAILORING Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jection ;g^iantd. Dr. Gordin,sl4 Plne.ab. Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 tfth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
PLAIN skirts, $1; plain sewing; bindings put
on skirts, 25c. 910 Pine st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-vFri.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, .has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
'CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
AT 102SH MARKET STREET,
BETWEEN SIXTH AND SEVENTH.
While , entranced gives aid and advice
which will overcome your enemies, remove
family troubles, restore lost affections, make
marriage with the one you love no failure, re-
' move influence, bad habits: will give correct
Information on lawsuits, sickness, death, di-
vorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023"* Market street, San Francisco.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Ha? permanently located at 337 Geary St.,
1 tween Pi well and Mason. Her success as a
medium has startled the entire world. Her
p iwer is acknowledged by press and public to
be uf the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors are thronged by anxious people
I.. i.klng for Important information, and every
reply is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advloe an business, speculation, lawsuits, old
• states, love, courtship and marriage — every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
eeek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born vrith double veil and sec-
ond Eight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladles. r.Oc; gents. $1 ; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist .''and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. IT.3H sth, r. 21.
MISS A. FAI'RE, enrd reader and palmist. 403
Kearny st.. r. 34; French and German spoken.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE < HA PELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MISS EVA SHELDON, palmist and card read-
Ing. 17 Grant aye.. parlor 6..
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netist. 207 Powell St.. rooms 5 and 6.
Miss R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary St., rooms 1 and 2.
MRS. SOPHIA SKIP, psychometrist and clair-
voyant; readings, 50c; letters, 50c. 1724 Mrkt.
A. OLSEN. clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
only. 10% Eighth St.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c: ladles only.
643 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
TOUR fortune told by cards; ladles, 25c;
gents, 50c. o27Vi Post st.
MISS L. DEAN, card reader and palmist. 719
Market st. . room 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. F. Fourth st.
JESPIK BURNETT, card reader and palmist?
216 Kearny st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MMIv AUGUST, 1150 Mission Ft.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 014 O'Fnrrell *t.
PALMISTRY.
MME?~NEEF.i ; \Alu >, pupil Count sT Ger^
malne; 616 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
»t. : 15 years' experience: references given.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 368-367 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Oarpet cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. G.EO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning <^n.,
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
3 X MITCHELL Carpel Cleaning Co] 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLiN's Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate are.; tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
('ALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; poods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Movlng~Co~
_Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE .<!■ TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tel. Black 311.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, boughtT^olcT-
supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.'
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented ; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
LOST.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of BARTLETT S. MORRISSBY- No
2'"»4-ri3l. The tinder will please return to bank."
PHYSICIANS.
D £«F/ £■ O'DONNELL, office and~resTdeno%'
10* m Market »t.. bet. Bth and Tth.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s22so; CORNER grocery and bar on Powell
Bt. ; established many years; doing first-class
paying business; living rooms: dally receipts,
$30; large stock; lease; a genuine good chance.
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— s3oo; BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor,
with 4 living rooms; rent $32 60; average daily
receipts $15; choicest location on Sutter st.
WILKE. 906 Market St., room 6.
A— ssoo RESTAURANT; best business location
in this city; rent $25; established years; aver-
age dally receipts $25; good prices; best class
customers. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St.
A— s4so; DELICATESSEN store and branch
bakery on Larkin st. ; doing a splendid pay-
ing business; rooms; rent low; owners bought
country hotel. R. G. WILKE, 900 Market st.
A— s4ooo; MECHANICS" hotel, close to Iron
foundries and factories; kept by owner the
last 6. years; clearing above $300 per month;
•47 rooms; kitchen; good paying bar, etc.;
. new 5 years' lease; always 200 or more steady
boarders; Investigate at once; a genuine bar-
gain. Call R. G. WILKE. rm. 8, 906 Market.
A— s2so; BRANCH bakery, with 3 nice living
rooms; choicest location In the Mission; rent
low. Inquire R. G. WILKE. rm. £. 906 Market.
A— $1100; SALOON In Western Addition; ele-
gant flxutres; club and ladles' rooms; Bide en-
trance; v doing a first-class paying business;
rent. $23. Call WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— sl6so; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
farmer of fruit grower needs them; small
co6t of manufacturing.- Particulars of R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market at., room 6.
WE buy, sell or exchange businesses of any
kind. STRAND & CO., 10274 Market st.
RELIABLE, honest man in old established
business; clears $75 or more each per month;
experience not necessary; small capital re-
qulred. GUS STRAND & CO., 1027& Market.
SPLENDID paying hotel, near city; 13 rooms, 2
storerooms; barn; corner; large grounds;
beautiful location; rent, license reasonable;
owner sell lease at great bargain; rare busi-
ness opportunity. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way, Oakland.
HALF or whole— equipped printing of-
fice; 4 presses; 1 30-inch cutter; full assort-
ment of job and body type. J. F. ANDER-
SON. 211 Eddy st.
$400— PARTNER in mechanical business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required; must be
reliable. Western Invest'mt Co., 9 Geary st.
FINE corner saloon, nicely fitted; doing a good
business: on very easy terms on account of
going East. 1001 Larkin st.
HOTEL; city front: retiring from bus.
cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Mkt.
BUTCHER shop bargain this day; call at
once. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$223— RESTAURANT; fine fixtures; good loca-
tion; $20 per day; bargain. Nat. Ag., 7 Grant.
A — buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO., 100S\4 Market St.
BUTCHER shop; complete outfit; a good
chance for the right man. 1133 Folsom st.
RESTAURANT; good location; good busi-
ness. Apply 520 Folsom St.
PARTNER Is wanted In a newly established
saloon business in a good locality, and who
is familiar with the handling of wines. Apply
Call office.
$225— DELICACY, bakery, variety store; living
rooms; fine location; no agents; party leaving
city. Box 293, Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $1600; established
liquor business; manufactures cordials, com-
pounds and cider; good outside trade. Box
305, Call office.
A— s3ooo TO $5000; partner wanted; chance of a
lifetime; business located center city; estab-
lished 12 years; a good chance for steady man.
Call at 850 Market st., room 9, opp. Fourth at.
GROCERY and bar to rent; occupied at pres-
ent; good location; rent reasonable. 1114
Bryant st, bet. Ninth and Tenth.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 to $3000; hard-
ware business; a splendid chance for a young
man. Address H. W., box 88, Call office.
BAKERY, candy and notion store for sale;
call at once; no reasonable offer refused.
227 Ninth st
SALOON on East St.; good business; must be
sold at once; cheap; owner leaving city. Ad-
dress box 300, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for sale cheap; good rea-
son for selling given. Box 307. Call office.
GOOD laundry route for sale, with horse and
wagon. 249 Pacific St., room 102.
CIGAR store for sale. 41 Fourth St. ; owner
leaving city.
WANTED— barber shop cheap. Call
at 437 Fulton st.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
AN old estab. tailoring business; machines, 650
yds. cloth, trimmings, etc. : doing $500 per
mo. going to Europe. John Redley, 340 Third.
RESTAURANT for sale and in good location,
and a big ranch. Call at 586 O'Farrell st.
STORE fixtures, showcases to let; suitable
candy; reasonable to business parties. 2843
Folsom st. .
GOOD paying saloon within, a block of
Call building. Box A-29. Call office.
FOR sale— Grocery and saloon at 967 Howard
at., near Sixth; 3 rooms in rear.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
LODGING^ HOUSES FOR SALE,
34-ROOM house; new furniture and carpets*
cost $1300; price $650. DECKER, 1020 Market.
14 ROOMS; on O'Farrell st $350
17-room house; large yard; downtown.... 400
IS rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for larger house.. 600
14-room house on Van Ness aye 350
64-rqom house; clears $300; payments.... 3000
54-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 450
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. sth.
KREDO & Co 22^ Geary st.
Money advanced on All Houses.
$250— Elegantly furnished flat; centrally lo-
cated: 2 rooms pay rent.
— 110 rooms; cheap rent; clears $3000.
$1300—45 rooms; corner Kearny; bargain.
$600—28 rooms; near Market; special bargain.
$2500— 50-room hotel; clears $230 month.
Long list of bargains. KREDO & CO.
LODGING houses— l 6 rooms. $250: 36 rooms
$500: 28 rooms. $S00: 38 rooms, $1500: 100 other
bargains. NAT. AGENCY. 7 Grant aye.
$900—25 ROOMS; always occupied furniture
good order; compulsory sale; returning to
France. 331H Bush st.
SACRAMENTO, Lodging-house, 15 well-
furnished rooms; rent $40.
ROOMING house of 13 rooms for rent; the fur-
niture for sale. 2 Washington st.
HOWARD, 549— Lodging house, 35 rooms to
let; rent $45.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States, postnald. for tl per year.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machTnery~ V
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
PIPE-8000 feet 3. 3H, 4 and 6 inch for steam
air or water; fittings. W. F. Thompson!
40 Main st. ■
$20— GOOD 500-ege incubator. 1308 Wood st
near Sixteenth-st. depot, Oakland.
* AC ,HT, 27 feet long, 11 feet beam; cheap.
LEE S Boathouse. Fourth and Kentucky sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
T Ur v«n r v! n y fixtures; new and second hand,
above Sixth 1017 - 1019 - 1021 - 1023 Mission St.,
CAMERAS— Line of new Premos, Pocos, etc.
(drummers' samples), to dispose of at once;
will sell below cost. 513 Examiner building.
F £n^£T:r mllch cow wlth calf - Inquire A.
KRETH, 1445 Thirteenth aye., South San
Cisco.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine.
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 648 Mission St.
A NICE diamond stud for $39 at UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye. |
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st.
FOR sale— Fine large upright piano, almost
new, at a sacrifice. 3753 Twenty-fourth st.
FRESH Jersey cow for sale; cheap. Apply at
122 Farallon st. Ocean View.
COMPUTING scale, revolving platform; Na-
tional cash register, nickel plated. 718 Turk.
FINE ornamental mirror for sale. 1938 Mis-
sion st. .-'. ;. .■■■'
FINE fast 22-foot gasoline launch; cheap. Ap-
!'.\ at Harbor View Park.
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 139 Beale st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second hand. THE
.HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento St.
GASOLINE engines— horsepower, $100: 2, $125~j
3, $150; $4, $175. SMITH CO., 627 Mission at.
POLYPHONE. $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
MUSICAL IWSTKUM^
TS~^r^re"seiHne"Vood "upright pianos for $8
WisSsS'ss-SS
Broadway, Oakland. :
A FEW FINE BARGAINS IN UPRIGHT
Cramer, in good order.., • 130 00
Seitz; : %ntTon)«uon^:::::::::::::::::: 151 oo
Weber; fine condition f *
Kingsbury; good as new Van nn
SmUh ft Barnes; walnut case WOO
Chickerinc- in sp endid order.... » It
srx'doTla^monthly payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
,7*28 of Chicago Is KOHLE.K & o^s^/i
a!'. 2 cthe"r muslcat Instruments of all. grades
customer. —
JUST arrived-New upright pianos^ ?. o ' _■s_*_
rented at $2 50 per month. SCOTT-LUKiAZ.
PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
HORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of th«
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
R. A. DANIELS is now With BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st. __
$150—HIGH-GRADE upright piano: almost .
new; cost $450. 643 Chenery; San Mateo cars.
PIANOS unredeemed to realize advances on
storage. Wilson Storage Rooms. 1710 Market.
SOHMER BYRON MAUZY. and other pianos.
808 Post st.
UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 60 up (allowad on purchase)^ 136 Ellla.
W. G. BADGER, 413 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN-Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 1<
McAllister et., next Hlbernla Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. £
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old :.nd new. H. J
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you '!>•-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-C9. Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abova
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell St.
$3000 TO loan on city property: first mortgage.
Apply DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, 1021% Market.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY WASTED. A
WANTED— S4OOO or less on approved security;
receiver's certificate of the United States Cir-
cuit Court; payable in 3 months; and a first
lien on all the property of the California and
Nevada Railroad. Address C. K. KING, Re-
celver. 902 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
FINANCIAL.
ALL kinds stores .and saloons bought; short
notice. J. GOLLOBER, 20 Battery st.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels. etc. Harper & Krelger.3l2 Examiner big.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
DANGER SIGNALS
FOR WEAK EYES AND FAILING SIGHT.
ANY SENSATION OF PAIN
IS A WARN INC,'
Each examination and correction made by
GEO. MAYERLE is duly recorded. GEO.
MAYERLE, German Expert Optician. Charter
Member American Association of Opticians,
I'l7l ! 2 Market st., San Francisco; open evngs.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and con-
fidential; home treatment, $3; no instruments
used; satisfaction guaranteed or money re-
funded, by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2
to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel- I
ers helped Instantly and can return home the "
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$0; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before grins else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2to 4 p. m.
FRENCH TANSY WAFERS, the world's fa-
mous remedy for irregular and painful periods
of ladies; are never failing and safe; rejuv-
enate the system; brighten the eyes; restore
health and beauty to the faded; French Tan-
sy Wafers are the only reliable female, rem-
edy In the world; imported from Paris; take '
nothing else from druggists, but insist on
genuine; in red wrappers with crown trad*
mark. GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO. drug-
gists, 214 Kearny st. H. L. LADD & CO
druggists. NW. cor. 4th and Howard, agents'.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M Davies
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home!
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st ;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no rumen used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $3: travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason, and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m; Sunday, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 818 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregular!-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023^ Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions-
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time:- maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1- cure
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
era"te; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free: infants adopted into good
homes; call before consulting others.
j DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
'herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used*
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
St.; $1 60: Send 2c stamp for circulars' to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal!
PRIVATE home In confinement- best refs.;
Io4OH Howard. Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
J ROOMING HOUSES FOR SALE.
ROOMING house; 34 rooms; $400 cash.. $800
Rooming house; 22 rooms; fine corner.... r>so
Rooming house; 30 rooms; new and good 1600
Rooming house: 10 r. ; new, fine; $200 cash 300
Rmng. house; 100 r.; fine cor.; clears $500 5000 i
Rooming house: 32 r. :on Post: clears $»00 2SOO *
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., or 15 Eddy.
BOARDING HOUSES TO LET.
LINCOLN Hotel. suitaVle^r~Tal^7~lunch!
coffee and lodging house. 434 Fifth st.HOUSES TO LET.
JACKSON, 1178, near Jones— House, 7 rooms,
bath: fina place; grand view.
MINNA. 521. rear, bet. 6th and 7th— 6-room
house; rent $10 mo. Apply 1021 Mission, nr.6th.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
THE handsome residence Sl4 Grove St., between
Webster and Flllmore. is now for rent.
TWO rooms: closets: water; rent $5. 252,4 Na-
toma St.. near Fourth.
VERY nice 5-room house In healthy location;
rent ?- 1571 Kearny ft., cor. Greenwich.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises. 655 Guerrero st.
LOVELY residence of 12 rooms for summer;
reduced rental; Western Addition. Box 90.
Call efflce.
COTTAGES TO LET.
EUNNY cottaces, 4 and 5 rooms, basement; also
flat r.t 6 room*, bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth
st., near Dolores.
SUNNY 4-room cottage; email family only;
also flat. 623 Second St., near Brannan.
I EACH; cottage. 5 rooms, 2 new tenements
of 4 rooms, noar Thirty-fourth and Mission
Ets. Apply t'4 Silver Ft., off Third.
FLATS TO LET. .
A— s?; newly painted and whitened 3-room
flats. 64S Jessie St., near Seventh.
CASTRO, 4fS, near Seventeenth and Market—
Modern sunny double Bat, 10 rooms; stable:
cheap.
CASTRO, 63S— Elegant modern sunny upper
flat: 6 large rooms, -bath; nearly new; $20.
CHESTNUT, 627. nr. Mason— « rooms, bath.
basement; yard; rent $16.
CLAYTON. 572. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny fiat; 5 rooms; bath; cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments. 3442 Twentieth st.
GEARY. 2257— Handsomely furnlslied flat, 6
rooms; bath; piano; sunny. modern; reason-
able.
NEW modern middle flat; 5 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. 639 A Minna St., bet. Seventh and
Eighth.
NEW sunny modern upper flat, « rooms, bath,
basement, cellar, $25. 1J23 Hayes_st.
NEW 7-room flat; rent greatly reduced to per-
manent tenant. S2l FWmore ft^
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat; 4 rooms
and bath: $13. - _____
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of Hats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
SACRAMENT""". 1361— Flat cf 3 rooms; par-
ate emranoe: rein il- 50.
BUNNY flat ol i reurns. between Harrison and
Ninth ets.. $3. 315 Pore gt.. MRS. W.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4075, near Castro—
eunny 5 rooms; $15.
E97 Noe Bt., comer Nineteenth; upper 5
room?- $17. .
UPPER «unny flat: ?26 Valencia: 7 rooms, bath;
rer.t $25. Inquire dry-goods store. 930 Valencia.
* 13— FL \T of 4 rooms, one block and a half
from Market st. 125 Page St., between Oc-
tavia nrM Go'ugh. .: ■ .
|13— UPPER rart: 3 rooms and bath. 1515
Grove st.
113 ,-(>— NICE sunny flat; 4 rooms and bath. 3512
Twenty-first st., corner Dolores.
$13 50— 297 A SHIPLEY, near Sixth-Flat; 5
Funny rooms; bath, gas; yard.
J27 Sn— BAY-WINDOW flat of 8 rooms and
bath. K27 Clay et.. near Polk.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A SUITE of 2 large nice Funny front rooms,
complete for housekeeping; kitchen and bed-
room: furniture all new; $1 7."- per week, $7
per month: no children. Apply at Fhoe store,
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
CLEMENTINA, 707 — Sunny housekeeping
ror.ms cheap.
EDDY, 517— Fine sunny housekeeping rooms;
:.iid location; large garden; no children.
ELLIS, i'SS— 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms for :
housekeeping; gas. bath, running water.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. So7— Sunny front room
with kitchen connected: newly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 311— $10; large eunny
room, light housekeeping: bath and gas; refs.
GROVE, 104. cor. Polk— Several neatly furnshd.
h'Apx. rms.; renovated: incandescent lights.
HARRISON, 731—2 rooms furnished completa
fcr housekeeping; large yard; bath; rent $11.
HOWARD. IH4— Furnished or unfur. sunny
rooms, kitchen, cas. bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 1214—2 <t 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $12 to $15.
IVY aye.. 223. near Franklin— Two pleasant
rocrr.s ar.-l kitchen; closets; stove; sink; sun-
ny yard: $?.
JESSIE. 2 5 3. cor. Fourth— Furnished double
front rocm. with privilege light housekeeping.
LARK IN, 325 — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete: gas range; bath.
LIBERTY, 20-^3 housekeeping rooms or single,
furnished complete; sunny.
MARKET. 102 S. opp. Fifth— Large sunny front
room and kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12.
MARKET, 1079, cor. 7th— 3 furnished or unfur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; cheap.
McALLISTER. 714—3 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, with bath and closets.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Sunny airy room;
stove, closets and basement room; private.
MINNA. 546, near Sixth— Furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard.
MISSION. 1013 — One or two sunny housekeep-
ing; also other rooms; newly furnished.
NINTH, 113— Two nice sunny furnished rooms
for hnus'-keeplng; cheap.
PERRY, 174— 1-arge Bunny housekeeping rooms;
kitchen; sink; hot and cold water: reasonable.
I'OWKLL, 41S— Unfurnished front and back
room or partly furnished.
EIXTH, 4i"."-— 1 housekeeping room, $7 per month,
and 1 single, room for $5; with gas.
EIXTH, 420 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
alpri parlor suite : bath: quiet house.
SIXTH. \2'.>— Large sunny front rooms with or
without housekeeping; reasonable.
TURK, 3S, bet. Market and Taylor— 2 Funny
furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
TURK, noar Larkln— 2 punny handsomely fur-
nlshr-'l parlor FUltrs, with use'of kitchen, $25.
Inquire 22Vi Geary Ft., room 2:*.
VAN NESS aye.. 405— Sunny suite; kitchen;
running water; bath; for housekeeping; other
rooms.
VALENCIA, 2^9—3 rooms and kitchen; mod-
ern conveniences; ■:■••- hkpg; also 2 hkpg.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 K<\irny st— Pleasant
Bunny rooms: en suite or single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Franol«oo. Turk and Taylor fits. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 800 to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— THE WALDORF, 21 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner; central location; elegant rooms.
AT Stockton. 212— Sunny front rooms; suites,
ulngle; facing plaza; day or month.
A-SUNNY front furnished room; $4 50. 229
Seventh st. -, -;•■
BURNETT, 142 C Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlsh,->d rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 421. nr. Kearny— Several choice rooms,
with gas and stationary washstand; $1 up.
BUSH, IS4S— Furnished sunny room In a mod-
ern flat; respectable gentleman.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. -Elegantly
furnished sunny room?; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 207— Nice large front room; first floor;
also others; reas.; gas; bath; house quiet.
ELLIS. 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite of rooms newly fur-
nished, $20: also 2 room and bath, $20.
GEARY, 556, near Taylor— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor: piano, telephone; other
rooms; privilege light housekeeping.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE. 103, nr. Polk— Double front bay-win-
dow room suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRIET, 3, off Howard, near Sixth—
eunny furnished bedroom; private family.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under
new management Ap. 1; elegant sunny suites;
tingle rooms; most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD and Eleventh, southwest corner-
Pleasant front room for single gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 761l£— Nicely furnished Bimny bay-
window rooms; double, single; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1052— Furnished front bay-window
1 ' a!p ° 2 otners furn. for light hkpg.
HOWARD, 112$— Front, corner, double sunny,
room; also others; fl up; clean, quiet.
ROOMS TO LET-Contlnned.
JESSIE. 1314— 3~sunny rooms; yard; will rent
cheap to right party.
KEARNY, 209 323— Newly furn. sunny rooms
from $1 50 up; also light hkpg rms. : transient.
ki.\kxy, 223— Changed hands; sunny sinK le
rooms; thoroughly renovated; rent reasonable.
MARKET, 10071" — Nicely furnished single
rooms; lady or gent; quiet house; transient.
MCALLISTER, 714—2 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, with bath.
MINNA, 172, nr Third— Several well furnished
rooms; sunny; from $1 to $2 v^ ek -
MISSION. 1063— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water and gas.
OFAKKELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
OAK. Large furnished front rooms for
couple; gas and bath; private family.
POLK. 607— Sunny furnished rooms; running
water.
POLK 1602— One unfurnished or furnished
eunny front room; ; upper; floor.
POST 732 above Jones— Furnshd. rms.; private
residence; refs. exchanged. Call bet. 11 and 2.
Roi \I. use 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light • reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: room per night 33c to $1 50;
week V to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office' floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SECOND 52A— Nicely furnished front suite;
suitable tor light housekeeping; reasonable.
SEVENTHS 192— Sunny furnished single rooms
$ and't=u!tes: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment Hi use. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER. 115— Nicely furnished sunny front
room: German -people.
TAYLOR, 129, bet. Turk and Eddy- Furnished
Funny rooms; single and double; reasonable.
TKHAMA. 3C'S, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms, suitable for 1 or 2; cheap.
THE GAGE 42S Oeary, bet. Taylor and Mason
—Furnished rooms en suite or single; sunny.
THIRP, 25, nr. Market Sunniest rooms in San
Fran;; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 400—3 well furnlFheri sunny
rooms; corner; regular kitchen; front and
back garden; reasonable.
iioakdi.m; AM) ROOMS.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, 657— Large front room; also single
room, nicely furnished; with board; reas.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
POWELL. »09 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
eur.ny front suite; bath; excellent board.
SECOND, 130, bet. Mission and Howard— Sunny
furnished rooms; gentlemen preferred; private.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished sunny rooms;
very reasonable; private family; board opt'l.
SUTTER, 112S— Lovely home; ' sunny rooms;
overlooking garden: home cooking.
RESTAURANTS.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. MSS Market. : popular price
CHILDRE:. 11OAKU_D.
MINNA. 439, near Sixth— Pleasant home for 1
or 2 children In an adult German family.
NATOMA. 74^— Home oare for children by
medical nurse; price $3 and $10 mo.; pri. fam.
GOOD home and care for children; also yard;
$3 per month. $ZV*. Valencia st., near 20th.
LADY would like 3 children to board. Address
K. G.. IS*; Kisallng st.
GOOb home for children, $8: Infants, $10 per
mo. 21" Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO L,*JT.
TWO room stores with 3 living: rooms and
water: $10. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St.
OFFICES TO LET.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and ether purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
DESK — in most prominent office building
on Montgomery st. Box 77, Call office.
GEARY. 615—2 large sunny unfurnished offices;
nr»T floor; gas; rent reasonable.
WAKE fa PUSES TO LET.
BRICK warehouses to let; near Santa Fe rail-
road 3-ard: complete for storage or factory:
226 Main st. and 225 Fremont St.; also ware-
house. Battery St., between Jackson and Pa-
cific. For rents and particulars apply COF-
FEY. HUGHES & CO.. I.' Montgomery st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$16,000— NEW corner residence, 14 rooms and 2
baths: beautifully decorated throughout; hard-
ware floors; every modern convenience; large
lot; reduced from $20,000 to make an imme-
diate eal-?. For particulars apply to BOARD-
MAN. HOOPER & CO., 138 Montgomery st.
SECOND-ST. property; 62x100; Nos. 12S and 130;
to be sold subject to confirmation by court.
Send bids to G. W. HAIGHT, 220 Sansome st.
$350— LARGE lot, 44:6x103:6, level, fenced; 1
block from 2 car lines; positive bargain: no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell st., rooms 1 and 2.
$23.000— BUSINESS property; rent $150 per
month. Box 301, Call office.
$100 CASH, $25 mo.; $1900-$2400; 4-5 rm. cottages;
H block from cars. 824 Elizabeth, or USA 11th.
IF you have lots that you wish to Bell north
of the park, from First aye. to the ocean, then
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
HAVING to go to Europe, I will sell my ranch
of 160 acres, rich farm land, well Improved, all
fenced, plenty of good water, 5 miles from
•more and 1H miles from a good country
school, at a bargain for cash. Address RAS-
MUS BJORN, Livermore. Alameda Co., Cal.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 1150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
DAIRY farm on shares; cows, horses and pigs,
chickens, orchard; all utensils: good chance
for a responsible man and wife: no capital
required. Apply in person to R. E. ROW-
LAND. Orinda Park, back of Berkeley.
WE have prune nnd peach orchards; Snnta
Clara County: $125 per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE AC, 7 Grant ay.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shnpta County. Cal.
ATTORNEYS Al LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels build:.-. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Ft.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE.
To All Whom It May Concern— Notice is
hereby given that on the 17th day of April
1599, the Bakersfleld and Los Angeles Rail-
way Company filed its application In writing.
in the office of the Clerk of the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, addressed to the Superior Court of eald
county, making application for the voluntary
dissolution of the Bakersfleld and Los An-
geles Railway Company, which said petition
and application stated that at a meeting of
the stockholders of said company on the 13th
day of April, 1599, colled for the purpose of
passing- upon the question, it was resolved to
have a voluntary dissolution of the corpora-
tion, and that such resolution was passed by
a two-thirds vote of all the stockholders, and
that all the claims and demands against the
corporation, of every kind, nature and descrip-
tion, have been fully paid and discharged.
Wherefore, it was ordered by the said Su-
perior Court upon the tiling of said petition
and application that the undersigned, as
Clerk of said Court, give a notice of such ap-
plication by publication In 6ome newspaper
published in the City and County of San
Francisco, for a period of thirty-five days.
Therefore, all persons having any interest In
the matter of said application or desiring to
oppose the granting of the same are here-
by notified to file in my office, on or before
the 22d day of May. 1?99. any and all objec-
tions which they may have to the granting of
Faid testimony whereof. I have hereunto set my
Ir testimony whereof. I have her- unto s?t my
hand and the official seal of said court this
the 17th day of April. 1559.
(Seal) WILLIAM A. DEANS,
County Clerk and ex-Offlcio Clerk of the
- SuperlorCoUrt By £M. THOMPSON. '
Deputy County Clerk and ex-Officlo Deputy
Clerk of the Superior Court.
CITY and County Treasury, San Francisco,
April 14 IS99— ln compliance with the pro-
visions of section 6 of order 1593 of the Board
of Supervisors, approved September 15, ISSo,
also in accordance with an act of the State
Legislature, proved March 16. 1872, there
will be sold at public auction by E. S. Spear
& Co at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Sutter
Bt., on MONDAY. May 15, 1899, at 10 o'clock
a 'm.. sundry articles of stolen, lost and un-
claimed property recovered by the police force
of San Francisco, as detailed in an Inventory
thereof on file In the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, and consisting of
jewelry, wearing apparel, pistols, knives,
etc ; also a lot of trunks, valises, clothing,
etc.. property of deceased persons received
from the Coroner of this city and county.
Open for Inspection on- morning of sale.-
I. J. TRUMAN. City and County Treasurer, j
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIX 22, 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAMJ REAL. ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
OAKLAND. ALAMEDA AND BERKELEY
REAL ESTATE.
Ban Francisco office, rooms 15 and 16, Mills
building, second floor.
OAKLAND OFFICE— CORNER EIGHTH
AND BROADWAY.
$3.'i,ooo— On Thirteenth st., near Washington;
60 feet frontage; 3-story brick; income $200 per
'month now; value increasing; sure and grow-
ing Income. ■>!■:/-
-$lO,OOO —A Clay st. corner; right on line of
Improvement: sure to be in the heart of Oak-
land's business center; 40x103.
$10,000 — Fine Income property; rents $90 per
month; 75x75; a corner; 4 buildings; good loca-
tion for business; will always rent: owner will
exchange &, balance cash or mortgage.
$140,000— Broadway business block: 100x150; on
prominent corner; income $SS6 per month;
steady tenants; 3-story building in perfect con-
dition; hi cash or mortgage at 6V2 per cent, bal-
ance in Al grain or sugar beet land; best busi-
ness corner In Oakland.
$2500 — A desirable cottage home near narrow
gauge local to Ban Francisco; 6 rooms and bath;
In line order; lot 30x100; former price $3250;
must sell.
$40 per front foot— ln Boulevard Terrace, near
Lake Merritt; surrounded by the very best
homes; on bituminized street; 200 feet frontage
In subdivisions to suit; cost present owner $s0
per foot.
$3000— Modern 2-story house: corner lot; near
local station; to exchange for other property;
will pay from $2000 to $3000 difference.
$7000—15 acres fine rolling land, near Hay-
wards, Alameda County; 9 acres in fruit; 4000
grape vines; new modern house eight rooms;
tlrst-class barn and outbuildings; 1 mile from
postoffice; a beautiful place.
$10,000 6 acres: fine large house of 8 rooms;
beautiful grounds; good outbuildings; all In
bearing fruit: elegant country home; on elec-
tric line; Haywards, Alameda County.
$10,000—25 acres; strictly modern house of 7
rooms: first-class barn, • windmill, tank, etc.;
Eeparate house for tenant: all in young orchard,
full bearing; very productive; horses, wagon,
farming utensils, fruit boxes, fruit driers, etc.;
beautiful country home; 1 mile from P. O. ; fine
view; good roads; near Haywards, "Alameda
County.
$6300— acres fine warm soli, 7 miles from
town; suitable for stock farm; '■? can be cul-
tivated; 40 acres bottom land: well fenced and
cross fenced; 6 acres In alfalfa; can be irri-
gated; 3 large fields, 5 small fields; ranch house,
with barns, etc.; near Haywards.
$20 per acre— looo acres beautiful rolling land
In San Mateo County, 4 miles from Redwood
City; an ideal stock ranch.
$2 000— Livermore vineyard: 213 acres; 3 miles
from town; one of the famous producing vine-
yards of the State; $15,000 Worth of other prop-
erty taken In exchange; balance on mortgage;
this place has cost over $40,000.
$2500— An offer wanted for a 10-acre orchard
at nol; cost $4500; will exchange and assume
mortgage.
WILLIAM .7. DINGEE,
Rooms 15 and 16, second floor, '
Mills building, San Francisco.
Corner Eighth and Broadway, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSE TO LI T.
OAKLAND suburbs — 6 rooms and bath. Par-
ticulars address box 47, «'all office, Oakland.
I z^^r-^— — — — r^r^^^r^r^^^^rr^^^^^r^
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
: AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
— LOT 50x150; with small cottage, on mac-
adamized street ; near station and school,
$1600— Lot 30x150; with 7-room cottage; near
station and High School; easy terms.
$2">oO — Lot 40x207; with iiandsome new Up-
to-date cottage of 7 rooms and bath; 1 block
from school and station; $400 cash, balance
(25 j er month.
$3200— Lot 13x138; fine new modern 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath; on one of the
main avenues; near station: $500 cash and
only $25 per month; houses built to suit pur-
chaser at $25 per month. Great snap.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. M' (REAL & CO.,
1423 Park St., Alameda.
$11<X) — NEW modern cottage of 5 rooms to or-
der; lot 33x100; $250 cash, $20 per mo.; large
cor. lot, $650: terms. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park.
AI.AMEDA ROOMS AND UOAKD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. > L.NKK. 1416 Sth st.
~ BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
10 minutes" walk from university; electric
railroad passes the property.
All lots 160 feet In depth; fine view; only 4
blocks from Dwlght way station.
Cheapest choice property in Alameda County.
JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
MUST be Fold within a -week; 12 . r .O-foot lots;
beautifully situated near the hills: no rea-
sonable offer refused. JOS. J. MASON, Real
F.state, Berkeley Station.
HORSES.
STYLISH standard bred dark bay pacing mare;
price $250* also standard bred blood bay trot- ,
ting mare, $150; both sound, young (under 5)
and extra speedy. Can be seen at 347 Fre-
mont St.; pedigree and trial .given.
40 HORSES for pale; also wagons., buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
STJ sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ROAD horses, carriage and draught teams: all
kinds of business horses for sale. CHASE &
MENDENHALL'S sale yard, 1732 Market st.
WAGOXS AND CARRIAGES.
8-SEATED carriage for family or country ho-
tel; canopy top; good as new. 1130*4 Howard.
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons; 3 bug-
gies; 2 extra fine delivery wag. 828 Harrison.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bugglea. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
For Subsistence of Prisoners.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD
of the Supervisors of the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, April 18, 1899.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2629
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervis-
ors, SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
April 24. 1599, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
furnishing daily and monthly supplies for
city and county prisoners (the number be-
ing about live hundred) from July 1, 1899,
to June 30, 1900, at a fixed price per day
i (not exceeding in the aggregate twenty-
; live cents per day for each person con-
nected with the City and County Prisons)
said subsistence and supplies to be de-
livered at the County Jails, Nos. 1, 2 and
3, and at the City Prison, respectively, as
per following schedules:
The following supplies to be delivered at
; the County Jails Nos. 1 and 3 as classi-
fied; Class No. 1, daily supplies: class No.
2, monthly supplies to be delivered as or-
dered. The supplies are on the basis of
each one hundred inmates, the quantity
to be furnished to be on that basis and in
proportion to each fraction thereof, more
or less, according to the number of in-
mates.
COUNTY JAILS NOS. 1 AND 3.
CLASS I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportion to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
joint: chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six Inches of the neck not to be In-
cluded, eight (8) ounces.
BEST AMERICAN MEAT— In cuts as or-
dered, for each 100 inmates daily, twen-
ty (20) pounds.
MUTTON— First quality, for each Inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
in carcasses. Eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces.
MlLK— Fresh, for each 100 inmates daily
three (3) gallons.
POTATOES (best quality)— For each in-
mate dally one (1) pound.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily
four (4) ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
■ BEANS— White, two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
BEEF— Corned, fifty (50) pounds.
I BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
i than six pounds per pair, eight (S) pair.
I BUCKETS— Galvanized iron, with covtrn
No.- 25, six re).
[ CHICKORY— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, two hun-
dred (200) pounds.
CORNMEAL— Three hundred and fifty
(350) pounds. ■• ,"- :
CUPS-Tin, ten (10).
DISHES— Tin, ten (10).
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown,
twelve (12).
PEARL BARLEY— Sixty-one (61) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS— Sixty-one (61) pounds.
PORK— Mess, fifty (50) pounds.
SALT— Two hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— Men'a as per sample, sizes as or-
dered, twelve (12) pair.
SHIRTS— BIue flannel, ten (10).
SHIRTS— CaIico, twenty (20).
SOAP— California, one hundred and fifty-
two (152) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— C, one hundred and fifty
(150) pounds.
California l.eflnery, thirty-three
(33) gallons.
TICKING— twenty (20) yards.
Huckabuck, twenty (20).
WHEAT— Crush, one hundred and nine
(109) pounds.
BACON— Breakfast, fifteen (15) pounds.
BAKING POWDER— Pioneer, Golden
Gate, Crown or Trophy, as may be spe-
cified, five (5) pounds.
BATH BRICK— One (1).
BLUE— Washing, in balls, one (1) pound.
BROOMS— best mill, twelve (12).
BRUSHES -Adams', paint, one (1).
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, six (6).
BRUSHES— Adams', whitewash two (2).
BUCKETS— four (4).
BUTTER— Fresh, fifty (60) pounds.
CALICO— Forty (40) yards.
CATSUP— pints, California, five
(5) bottles.
CHEESE— California, six (6) pounds. ■
CHLORIDE OF LlME— Fifty (50) pounds.
CHOW CHOW— California, pints, three
(3) bottles. .'■f
Wellington (Dunsmuir), 2240
pounds to the ton, well screened and
free from Blaou and shale, five (5) tons.
COAL OIL— ISO degree test, thirty (30) gal-
lons.
COMBS— army, six (6).
CORNSTARCH Six (6) pounds.
COTTON CLOTH— Chabot A.,
unbleached, one yard wide, twenty-five
(25) yards.
CRACKERS— fresh California, ten
(10) pounds.
EGGS— Fresh. California, thirty (30) doz-
en.
EXTRACTS — Assorted, 4-oz. bottles,
twelve (12) bottles.
FlSH— Fresh, as may be ordered, one
hundred and eight (10S) pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300)
pounds.
FRUlT— Fresh, as obtainable In season,
seventy-five (75) pounds.
FRUIT— Table, canned, In 2%-lb tins, as-
sorted, twenty-four (24) tins.
GLUE— Five (5) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, twenty (20) pounds.
INSECT POWDER— One (1) pound.
JELLY— Assorted, in 2-lb cans, six (6)
cans.
LARD— California, best leaf, thirty (30)
pounds.
LAMP CHIMNEYS— Assorted, three (3).
LAMP WICKS Assorted, six (6).
LEAD— White, Pioneer, ground in oil,
fifty (50) pounds.
! LlME— Santa Cruz, No. 1, two (2) barrels.
MACARONI— No. 2, loose, ten (10) pounds.
MACKEREL— Mess No. 1, one (1) kit.
MATCHES — California, one-half (%)
gross.
MATTRESSES— Thirty (30), weighing 25
pounds with AAA ticking.
MUSTARD Ground, two and one-half
i:' l .i pounds.
OlL— Linseed, boiled, two and one-half
(2^) gallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, ten (10) pounds.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best quality), five (5;
pounds.
, RICE— No. 2. China mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SAGO— Five (5) pounds.
SAL SODA— Sixty (60) pounds.
SARDINES— Quarter boxes, Imported,
twenty (20) boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
Lea and Perrins 1 (pints), three (3) bot-
tles.
SHOES— Women's, as per sample, sizes
as ordered, six (6) pairs.
SOAP— White Castile (imported), five (5)
pounds.
STARCH — Laundry, two and one-half
'L' ! -.-i pounds.
SUGAR— Granulated, ninety (90) pounds.
TAPERS— Wax, six (6) boxes.
Japan, Diamond (L) or equally as
good, fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— spools, twenty-four (24)
spools.
TOBACCO— PIum cut, five (5) pounds.
TOMATOES— California, 2%-lb cans, six
(6) cans.
TURPENTINE— Two and one-half (2V:)
gallons.
VARNISH— BIack, five (5) gallons.
VERMICELLI Five (5) pounds.
VINEGAR— 3O degrees strength," three
(3) gallons. ;
WOOD— Pine, one-half (H) cord.
COUNTY JAIL NO. 2.
The following supplies, to be de'.'vered
at County Jail No. 2 as classified— Class
; No. 1, Daily Supplies; Class No. 2, Month-
ly Supplies— to be delivered as ordered.
1 The supplies are on the basis of each one
: hundred inmates; the quantity to be fur-
nished to be on thai basis an< in propor-
tion, to each fraction, thereof, more or
less, according to the number of inmates:
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate four days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off eight inches from the hock
joint. Chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be
included. Eight (8) ounces.
BEST AMERICAN BEEF, MUTTON.
VEAL and PORK, in cuts as ordered,
for each 100 Inmates dally, twenty (20)
pounds.
MUTTON— First quality, for each inmate
two days in each week, to be furnished
In carcasses, eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
best quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— for each inmate one day
in each week, eight (8) ounces. >>
POTATOES— SaIinas, Burbank or Garnet
Chiles, for each inmate daily, one (1)
pound.
VEGETABLES— For each Inmate daily,
four (4) ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
(TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, seven hundred and sixty
(760) pounds.
BEEF— forty (40) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, eight (8) pair.
BUCKETS Galvanized Iron, with covers,
No. 25, six (6).
CHICORY— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
COFFEE Roasted, Guatemala, two hun-
dred (200) pounds.
CORNMEAL— Two hundred and seventy-
four (274) pounds.
CUPS— twelve (12).
DISHES— Tin, twelve (12).
MODE DUCK— No. 10, twenty (20) yards.
OVERALLS— blue or brown, 9-oz.
Amoskeag blue denim and No. 12 mode
duck, twenty (20) airs.
OATMEAL— hundred and ten (110)
pounds. .
ONIONS— One hundred (100) pounds.
PRISON FLANNEL— For overshirts,
thirty (30) yards.
PRISON CLOTH— For pants, thirty (30)
yards.
PEARL BARLEY— (70) pounds.
SPLIT PEAS— Seventy (70) pounds.
PORK— Mess, sixty (60) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 China, mixed, one hundred
and twenty-two (122) pounds.
SHIRTS— BIue flannel, eighteen (18).
SALT— hundred and thirteen (213)
pounds.
SHOES— as per sample, sizes as
ordered, twenty-eight (28)- pairs, at $18
per dozen.
SOAP— California, one hundred and sixty-
five (165) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— C, two hundred and thir-
teen (213) pounds.
SYRUP— California Refinery, sixty-five
(65) gallons. -- •■.-. wevs
TICKING— sixty (60) yards.
TOWELS-Huckabuck, thirty (30).
WHEAT— Crush, two hundred and seven-
teen (217) pounds.
AXLE GREASE-Two (2) pounds.
BACON— Breakfast (best quality), twenty
(20) pounds.
BAKING POWDER— Five (5) pounds
bath brick-two (2). p '
BLUE-Washing, in balls, two (2) pounds.
BROOMS— Corn, best mill. No 12 twenty'
four (24). ' ' *
BROOMS— two (2).
BRUSHES— Horse, two (2).
BRUSHES— Adams', paint, two (2)
BRUSHES— Scrubbing, six (6).
BRUSHES— whitewash, six (6)
BUCKETS— Wooden, four (4.) '
BUCKLES— Pants, metal, one (1) dozen
BUTTER— California, fifty (50)
pounds. "
BUTTONS— metal, five (5) dozen
BUTTONS— Shirt, metal, five (5) dozen
CANDLES— Adamantine, five (5) pounds
CATSUP-Tomato, California, pints six
(6) bottles.
CHAMOIS SKIN— (2).
CHARCOAL— Twenty-five (25) pounds
CHEESE— fifteen (15) pounds
CHLORIDE OF I.IME-Flve (5) pounds
CHOW CHOW-California, pints six (6)
bottles.
COAL— Cumberland, one hundred and
fifty (150) pounds.
COAL— Wellington (Dunsmulr), 2240
■ pounds to the ton. well screened- and j
free from slack and shale, five (5) tons '
COAT. . OlL— Golden Star, Pearl. Star 1
Light, 150 degree test, one hundred (100)
gallons.
CORNSTARCH-Slx (6) pounds. |
PROPOSAL?— Continued.
CRACKERS— Soda, fresh California, ten
(10) rounds.
CUIiRY COMB— One (1)-
EGGS— Fresh, California, twenty-five (25)
il'-zen best.
EXTRACTS-Assorted XXX, 4-oz. bot-
tles, six (6) bottles.
FEATHER DUSTER-One (1).
FlSH— Fresh, eighty-seven (R7> pounds.
FLOUR— Roller, three hundred (300)
pounds.
FRUlT— Fresh In season, one hundred
■ pounds.
FRUlT— Canned, table, in 2i--lb tins, as-
sorted, thirty (30) cans, best.
GLUE— Two (2) pounds.
HAM— Sugar cured, California, twenty
C2O» pounds.
HOSE— Garden (best grade), one inch,
three ply. fifteen (16) feet.
INSECT POWDER— One (1) pound.
JELLY— Assorted, 2-!t> cans, nine (9) cans,
best.
LARD— Leaf, California, twenty-five (25)
pounds.
LAMP CHIMNEYS — Assorted, two (2)
dozen.
I. A Ml' WTCKS— Assorted, two (2) dozen.
LEAD— White, Pioneer, ground in oil,
: • vt nty-rive (75) pounds.
I.IME-Three (?,) barrels.
MACARONI— No. 2, five (5) pounds.
MACKEREL— Mess, one (1) kit. No. 1.
MATCHES — California, one-half (V 9
gross.
MUSTARD— California, ground, two (2)
pounds.
OlL— Linseed, boiled, five (5) gallons.
PEPPER— BIack, ground, five (5) pounds.
"PlCKLES— California, five (5) gallons.
RAlSlNS— Pressed (best), five (5) pounds.
SAGO— Ten (10) pounds.
SAL SODA— Seventy-five (75) pounds.
SARDlNES— lmported half boxes, twen-
ty-four <"4i boxes.
WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE— lmported,
pints, two (2) bottles. Lea & Perrins.
SOAP— White Castile (imported), ten (10)
pounds.
SPONGES— Two (2).
STARCH— Laundry, ten (10) pounds.
Sl'< lAR— Granulated, one hundred (100)
pounds.
SULPHI'R— Five (5) pounds.
WAX TAPERS— Three (3) boxes.
TEA— Japan, Diamond (L), or equally as
I i fifteen (15) pounds.
THREAD— In spools, forty-eight (48)
spools.
TOBACCO— PIum, smoking, twenty (20)
pounds.
TOMATOES— California. 2^-lb cans,
twelve (12> cans.
TURPENTINE— Five (5) gallons.
TWlNE— Cotton, three (3) pounds.
TWINE— Hemp, three (8) pounds.
VARNISH— BIack, fifteen (15) gallons.
VERMICELLI— Four (4) pounds.
VINEGAR— 3O degrees strength, two (2)
gallons.
WAX— Laundry, eight (8) ounces.
WOOD— Pine, three-fourths (%) cord.
CITY PRISON.
The following supplies to be delivered at
the City Prison as classified— Class No. 1,
Daily 'Supplies: Class No. 2. Monthly
Supplies, to be delivered as ordered. The
supplies are on the basis of each one hun-
dred inmates, the quantity furnished to
be on that basis, and In proportion to each
fraction thereof, more or less, according
to the number of inmates:
CLASS NO. I— DAILY SUPPLIES.
FRESH BEEF— First quality of chucks
and rounds in equal proportions to be
furnished each inmate six days in each
week. Rounds to be cut square and to
be cut off i Ight inches from the hock
joint, chucks to have four ribs, breast
and six inches of the neck not to be in-
cluded, eight (8) ounces.
BREAD— For each inmate daily, fresh,
• quality, one (1) pound.
CODFISH— SaIt, for each inmate one day
In each week, eight (M ounces.
MlLK— Fresh, for each 100 inmates daily,
one CD quart.
POTATOES — For each inmate daily, one
iiind.
VEGETABLES— For each inmate daily,
four ( D ounces.
CLASS 2— MONTHLY SUPPLIES.
j (TO BE DELIVERED AS ORDERED.)
BEANS— White, one hundred (100) pounds.
BLANKETS— Gray, weighing not less
than six pounds per pair, six (G> pair.
BUCKETS— Galvanized irun. three (3).
CHICORY — California, twenty (20)
pounds.
COFFEE— Roasted, Guatemala, one hun-
dred and twenty-five (12.") pounds.
CORNMEAL— One hundred and fifty (150)
pounds.
CUPS—! In, twenty-four (24).
DISHES— Tin, twelve (12).
Ki.< lUR- One <l> sack.
OVERALLS— Men's, blue or brown, 10
: hree (3) pair.
PORK Mess, thirty (30) pounds.
RICE— No. 2 mixed, fifty (50) pounds.
I SALT— One hundred (100) pounds.
SHOES— Men's, four .4> pair.
SHIRTS— WooIen, blue, six («).
SOAP— Seventy-five (~:>) pounds.
SPOONS— Iron, twelve (12).
SUGAR— Golden C, one hundred and
twenty-five (126) pounds.
SYRUP— California Hennery, ten (10)
gallons.
TOWELS— Huckaback, twelve (12).
BROOMS— Corn, best mill. No. 12. twenty-
four (24).
BRUSHES— Hair sweeping, one (1).
]'.I;I\SH KS— Scrubbing, three (3).
BRUSHES— Whitewash, one (1).
BRUSHES— Paint, one (1).
BROOMS— Rattan, two (2).
CANDLES— Adamantine, two (2) pounds.
CHLORIDE OF LIME— Two hundred
(2uO) pounds.
CHAMOIS SKIN— One (1).
DUST PANS— Tin. two (2).
FEATHER DUSTERS—TWO <2>.
LEAD— White, Phoenix, fifty (.50) pounds.
LIME— One (1) barrel.
MATTRESSES— Five (5).
MOP HANDLES— Three (3).
MOPS-Three (3).
MATCHES — California, one-half (%)
gross.
OlL— Linseed, boiled, one fl) gallon.
PEPPER - Black, ground, live (5)
pounds.
QUILTS-Six (8).
SAL SODA— Twenty-five C 25) pounds.
SULPHUR— Twenty-five (25) pounds.
SOAP— White Castile, California, ten (10)
pounds.
SPONGES-Four (4).
SAWDUST— p-our (4) sacks.
SAND— White, two (2) sacks.
TEA— Japan, equal to Diamond (L), ten
(10) pounds.
TURPENTINE— Three (3) gallons.
VARNISH— BIack, one (1) gallon.
\ I.NEGAR— 3O degrees strength, one (1)
gallon.
Samples of a major portion of the above
articles are on file and open for inspection
in the Mayor's office, City Hall. All of
the other supplies not on Hie, the charac-
ter of which is not specified, must be of
the i"':-t quality.
.\'i »TICE. Bidders will estimate and bid
i ach Inmate per day (.not to
• ■nty-rive cents in the aggre-
word "inmate" as used in-
cludes all employes of and in the Insti-
tution named, as well as all prisoners —
with the distinct understanding that such
price will bind the bidder to furnish all
the articles and supplies specified in the
foregoing schedule, of the kind and qual-
ity as shown by said samples, and deliver
the. same at all places in the city and
county wherein prisoners are confined, as
required, without extra charge from the
price bid, and that In no event will the
city and county be liable for any rations
furnished in excess of the total number of
inmates. Also, that the quality of the ar-
ticles and supplies called for, when not
designated to be of the best quality, and
all supplies furnished the County Jails,
Nos. 1, 2 and 3, or City Prison, to be sub-
ject to the approval of the Sheriff or
Chief of Police, respectively, whose de-
cision shall be final and conclusive as to
the reception or rejection of any or all
of the supplies offered; and said Sheriff or
Chief of Police, by and with the consent
of the Chairman of the Committee on
Health and Police, shall have the power
to purchase any or all of the supplies or
articles required at the market rate, if
not furnished of the kind and quality as
shown by samples, at the expense of the
party to whom the contract may bo
awarded, if the said party fails to fur-
nish the quantity or quality of the" sup-
plies or articles designated which under
the contract he may be required to fur-
nish.
Also, bidders will estimate under the ex-
press understanding and agreement that
under no consideration will the Board
recognize or allow any assignment of any
contract, or allow the supplies included
in any contract to be furnished from or
by any other person than the person to
whom the contract Is awarded, either un-
der an assignment or other instrument,
unless the consent of the Board of Super-
visors is first obtained, through a Resolu-
tion, duly passed by said Board and ap-
proved by the Mayor, consenting and
agreeing to the same.
Further, if the number of inmates shall
be less during the continuance of said
contract than the number herein esti-
mated, the price bid and the actual num-
ber of Inmates shall be the only basis on
which demands shall be presented, allow-
ed or paid, the value of all supplies not
furnished to be deducted at the market
rates from any amount due the contract
tor at such time as the Committee on
Health and Police may determine.
All the articles, of food must be of
sound and wholesome quality, and sub-
ject to the Inspection and approval of the
Mayor, Board of Health, Physician of
the City and County Jail and the Com-
mittee on Health and Police of the Board
of Supervisors--, and all of said supplies
to be inspected and weighed at such i
times and places as may be required byj
PROPOSALS— Continued.
the Committee on Health and Police.
The party to whom the contract is
awarded will be required TO IMMEDI-
ATELY FURNISH THREE SAMPLES
OF EACH OF THE NON-PERISHABLE
FOOD SUPPLIES CALLED FOR AND
ENUMERATED IN THIS SCHEDULE
AND DELIVER THE SAME TO THE
CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm
or corporation so furnishing the same at
one of the public food stations estab-
lished by the Board of Health of this
city next to the Municipal Institution to
be furnishpd with such food supplies and
the character and quantity and quality
of such food supplies shall be then and
there first Inspected and said Board of
Health shall make report of such inspec-
tion forthwith to the Board of Super-
visors.
The party to whom this contract is
awarded will be required, prior to or at
the time of the execution of said con-
tract, to pay the cost of advertising this
notice in three daily newspapers, and to
also pay the cost of the publication in
the official newspaper of the Resolution
awarding him the contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board of Su-
pervisors has resolved to receive no bids
unless made upon blank forms prepared
by the committee, and a certified check
on some bank in the City and County of
Pan Francisco for the sum of two thou-
sand ($2000.00) dollars, in favor of and
made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, must be deposited by the
bidder with his bid. conditioned, if the
proposal is accepted, and the contract j
awarded, and If the bidder shall fail or
neglect to exornte the contract, pay the '
printing charges and give the bond re-
quired within six days after the award
is made, then and in that case the said
sum shall be paid into the City and Coun-
ty Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS
To Furnish Forage, Etc., for Public In-
fctitutions.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, April 18, 1899.
In accordance with resolution No. 2632
(Fourth Series) nf the Board of Super-
visors. SEALED PROPOSALS will be re-
ceived in open session of the Board of
Supervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
April 24. 1899. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for
furnishing forage for horses of the Fire
Department; also for the City and County
Hospital, Almshouso, County Jails Nos.
I, 2 and 3. Police Patrol, and all other
public Institutions, from July 1, 1899. to
June 30, 1900, the estimated yearly sup-
pliea rt-quired being as follows:
HAY— IOO tons, wheaten and oaten
mixed first quality.
HAY— IOOO tons, wheat, first quality.
HAY— 3SO tons, oat, first quality.
HAY— IOO tons, alfalfa, first quality.
HAY. TULE— 3SO bales, first quality.
All hay to be clear of rust and mildew
and to be delivered in rope-bound bales
STRAW. CHEVALIER BARLEY— 7SOO
bales.
OATS— 7SO,OOO pounds, well assorted, first
quality.
(.All oats must be of the best quality of
white oats, heavy, sound, dry, well-filled
and free from dirt, chaff and other im-
purities, and must weigh not less than
41% pounds to the bushel.)
BRAN— ISO,OOO pounds, clean and eweet,
first quality.
MIDDLINGS— 7O,OOO pounds, first quality.
GROUND BARLEY— BO.OOO pounds, first
quality.
CARROTS— BO,OOO pounds, first quality.
The above-described supplies for the
Fire Department are to be delivered at
the different Engine and Hook and Lad-
der Companies' houses, as required, and
for the Police Patrol at the different
houses, as designated, from time to time;
further, the supplies for the other public
institutions named are to be delivered at
the place of business of the person or
persons to whom the contract may be
awarded, in more or less quantities than
designated, without extra charge from
the price bid, and at such times and in
such quantities as required, upon requi-
sitions (approved respectively by the
Chairmen of the several Committees on
Fire Department and Hospital and Health
and Police) of the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department, the Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Alm.<house, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate for
any or all of the forage supplies enum-
erated, with the distinct understanding
that the term more or less is not limited
to the amount designated, but Is for such
an amount as may De required during the
year, and that the Board reserves the
right, as it is its Intention, to award the
same separately to the lowest bidder, and
that in every instance no bid, except
from a merchant who is a dealer in the
supplies and who carries a stock of and
sells said supplies as enumerated as a
part of his regular and usual business,
will be received. Also, bidders will esti-
mate under the express understanding
and agreement that under no considera-
tion will the Board recognize or allow
any assignment of any contract, or allow
the supplies included in any contract, to
be furnished from or by any other per-
son than the person to whom the contract
is awarded, either under an assignment
or other instrument, unless the consent
of the Board is first obtained through a
Resolution duly passed by said Board
and approved by the Mayor, consenting
and agreeing to the same. Also, that the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
the Superintendent Physician of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse and the Sheriff, by and
with the consent of either of the respec-
tive Committees on Fire Department,
Hospital or Health and Police, shall have
power to purchase any or all of the sup-
plies required at the market rates, at
the expense of the party to whom any
contract may be awarded to furnish the
same, if upon the requisition of the offi-
cers named the party fails to furnish
the quantity or quality of the supplies
designated, which, under contract, he
may be required to furnish.
AH supplies furnished the several de-
partments to be subject respectively to
the approval of the Chief Engineer or the
Fire Department, Steward of the City
and County Hospital, the Superintendent
of the Almshouse, the Sheriff and the
Chief of Police, whose decision shall be
final and conclusive as to the reception
or rejection of any or all the supplies
offered, and in all cases supplies must be
inspected and weighed at such times and
places as may be" designated by the re-
spective Committees. The party taking
a contract will be required to give a
bond, with two sureties thereon, in an
amount satisfactory to and fixed by the
Committees on Fire Department, Hospi-
tal and Health and Police, for its faithful
performance. Proposals to be Indorsed
"Forage for Public Institutions."
The party or- parties to whom each one
of the contracts may be awarded will be
required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contracts, to pay the
cost of advertising this notice in three
dally newspapers, and each successful
bidder to also pay the cost of the pub-
lication In the official newspaper of the
Resolution awarding him his contract.
Each article awarded to be charged with
one-eleventh portion of the entire cost.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board has re-
solved to receive no bids unless made
upon blank forms prepared by the Com-
mittee, and a certified check on some
bank in the City and County of San
Francisco, for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars. In favor of and made paya-
ble to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors, must be deposited by the bidder,
with his bid, conditioned If the proposal
Is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fail or neglect to
pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then,
and in that case, the said sum shall be
paid into the City and County Treasury
by said Clerk, as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject
all bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS for drayape— General depot of
the Quartermaster's Department, San Fran-
cisco. Cal., April 19. 1899.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling of military Btores and sup-
plies In and about the city of San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. for the fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1899. will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on Saturday, the 20th
day of May, 1599, and then opened. The
Government reserves the rlprnt to reject any
or all proposals. All necessary information
will be furnished on application to this of-
fice. OSCAR F. LONG. Assistant Quarter-
master. I. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
MARIIIED.
HILLERIfANI'T SCHROEDER— In this city.
April 20, 1899, 1 v the Rev. Paul Branke. \u-
(tust HMlebrandl and Mrs. Miri.i li. S.hroe-
McCANTEY — MACKINTOSH —In Temescal.
April W, MM, Frank McCanttv an<i ■"■-•-j on
C. ilackintosb.
DIED.
Allen, Nellie Killroy. Maggie A.
Black, Nettie M. Lambert, Rachel H.
Blanco, Katie W. Langan, John
Brown, Hugh Lennon. Matthew Jr.
Cairns. James F. McElrath. Elsie A.
. Canavan, Peter J. McOorry, John J.
Carosio, Angela . MoGrane, Hugh
Cronin, Josephine Mischler. Anna J.
Davison, Charles E. Muller, Carl A.
Ducotey, Elizabeth Santry, Frankie K.
Fehr. Mary Short. Roseanna
Hlnckley. Ezra Spaldlng. Mabel G.
1 Jacquenot. George Thomson, John S.
Kelly. Michael
ALLEN— In this city. April 20, 1899, Nellie, be-
loved wife of James Allen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 32 years.
BLACK— In this city, April 20, 1599, Nettie May,
only and beloved daughter of Annie F. and
the late Lieutenant William Black, and sis-
ter of Thomas J., William 1.., George W. and
the late Alice E. Black, a native of San Jose,
aged 23 years. A member of Seven Pines
Circle, Ladies of the G. A. R. :."•
E?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 13 Heron street, between Folsom and
Harrison, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock.
OFFICERS and members of Seven Pines Cir-
cle No. 3. Ladies of the G. A. R., are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our sister,
Nettie May Black, at 8 o'clock to-morrow
(Sunday), at St. Joseph's Church, Tenth and
Howard streets.
MARCIE L. WENK, President.
LAURA I. OBLINGER, Secretary.
BLANCO— In this city. Katie Wilhelm Blanco,
a native oft New York, aged 23 years.
BROWN— In this city, April 21, 1899, Hugh. In-
fant son of Susan and the late John Brown,
brother of Catherine and Gracie Brown, and
nephew of Kitty Brown, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 months nn.l 25 days.
CAIRNS— In this city, April 20. 1899, James F.,
beloved husband of Clara M. 'aims, a na-
tive of Baltimore, Md., aged 30 years. (Se-
attle and Tacoma papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CANAVAN— In this city. April 20, 1599, Peter
J., beloved brother of Martin Canavan, a na-
tive of County Gal way. Ireland, aged 85
years 2 months and IS days.
ITs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his la,te resi-
dence, 718 Tehama street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CAROSIO— In this city. April 21, 1899, Angela,
wife of Anj:elr> Carosio, and sister of Mrs.
Versalovich, Mrs. Cresalia, Mrs. Glavino-
vich and Frank and Henry Raff.., a native of
Jackson, Amador County, aped 40 years and
5 days.
CRONIN— In this city, April 20, 1899, Jose-
phine Cronin (nee Pen tony), beloved wife of
Daniel Cronin. and mother of Margaret, Dan-
iel, Julius and the late Johnny Cronin, a na-
tive of Rathfarnham, Dublin, Ireland, aged
39 years. (New York papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1603 Grove street, thence to : t. Agnes
Church, where mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVISON— In Pacific Grove. April 21. 1899.
Charles E. Davison, a native of Prince Ed-
wards Island, aged 65 years.
DUCOTEY— In this city, April 20. 1890, Eliza
■ beth Ducotey, dearly beloved mother of
Frank and Emlle Ducotey and Mrs. Heiser,
and Eister of Jacob and Philip Kransgrlll,
Mrs. G. Baclgalupl and Mrs. Radloff. a na-
tive of Shields, England, aged 55 years 7
months and 10 days.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1706 Stockton street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
FEHR— this city, April 21, 1899, Mary, be-
loved wife of Joseph Fehr. daughter of Jo-
seph Hoetzel, and sister of Joseph Hoetzel,
a native of Chicago, aged 39 years.
tCTß«:mains at the undertaking parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, (136 Washington street.
HINCKLEY— In this city, April 20, 1899, Ezra,
beloved husband of Almira C. Hinckley. a na-
tive of New York, aged 72 years 9 months and
26 days.
[E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Memorial Hall,
Odd Fellows' building. Seventh and Market
streets. Interment private. Remains can be
viewed at the 'parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company, 405 Powell street, until
1 p. m. Sunday.
JACQUENOT— In this city. April 20, 1899,
George, beloved husband of Lizzie Jacquenot,
son of Xavier and the late Louise Jacquenot,
brother of Mrs. L. Heino and Mrs. C. Thlele
of East Oakland, and father of James, Claire.
George and Madeline Jacquenot, aged 32
years.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
KELLY— his home, 726 Turk street. April
20, 1809, Michael, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Kelly, a native of Ireland, in the 72d
year of his age.
ETP-riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the requiem high mass
at St. Mary's Cathedral, this day (Satur-
day), at 9 a. m. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
KILLROY— this city, April 20. 1899, Maggie
Ann, beloved daughter of John and Delia
Killroy, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 11 months and 11 days.
LAMBERT— In this city. April 19. 1509, Rachel
H., wife of the late John S. Lambert, and
mother of Mrs. R. H. Hummer, Gilman Lam-
bert and Mrs. R. L. Ricdon, a native of
Trambull, Conn., aged 74 .years 4 months and
6 days.
in?"Friend!< and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1615 Broderick street. Interment pri-
vate.
LANGAN— In this city, April 20. 1899, John
Langan, a native of New York, aged 56 years.
LENNON— this city. April 18, 1899, Mat-
thew Lennon Jr., a native of California, aged
30 years and 9 months.
McELRATH— In Oakland. April 21. 1890, Elsie
Alden. eldest daughter of J. E. and Elsie
Ann McElrath.
McGORRY— In this city. April 20, 1899, John
Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Emma
McGorry, beloved son of Catherine and the
late Michael McGorry,- and brother of Mrs.
C. J. Douglas, Mrs. E. J. Glllick, Mrs. J. J.
Dowling and Tessie and J. E. McGorry, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 44 years and 5 months.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 319 Lanston street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGRANE— this city, April 21. 1599, Hugh,
beloved husband of Cecelia McGrane, and
stepfather of Cassle and May O'Donnell. a
native of Waddington, St. Lawrence County,
N. V.. aged 68 years.
ll^"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. lS'/6 Oak street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where services will be held at 1:15
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
MISCHUER— In this city. April 20. 1899, Anna
J. Mlschler, beloved mother of Tlllie and the
. late Annie Mlschler and Mrs. F. Junker, a
native of Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany, aged
57 years 7 months and 14 days.
B'T'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
■ residence, 1051 McAllister street, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Crate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriage.
MULLER— In Alameda, Carl Adolph. beloved
son of Nicholas and Catherine Muller, and
brother of Mrs. A. Schomer and Henry, Lena
and Nicholas Muller, a native of California,
aged 27 years and 3 months.
SANTRY— In this city, April 21. 1899, Frankie
X.. dearly beloved daughter of Michael and
■ Julia Santry, and loving sister of Mamie and
Lizzie Santry, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 31 Ford street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10:30 o'clock.
SHORT — In this city, Roseanna. widow of Henry
C. Short, beloved mother of Frederick C,
Theodore C. and Hermann Short. Mrs. C. M.
Dean and Etta F. Short, and sister of Mrs.
P. M. Galehouse, a native of Ireland, aged
67 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from O. C. F. Hall.
Alcazar building. Interment Odd Fellows*
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of James A. Garfield
Relief Corps No. 21 are requested to attend
the funeral of our late member, Roseanr.a
Short, to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from
6 C F. Hall, Alcazar building. By order of
DORA H. WILKINS, Pres.
NELLIE A. HENDRICKSON. Sec.
SPALDING— In this city. April 21. 1888, Mabel
Garrard, wife of Dr. Otis B, Spalding.
THOMSON— In this city. April 20, 1593, John
S., beloved husband of Margaret Thomson,
and father of Edward. May. Lizzie and Cora
Thomson, a native of Glasgow, Scotland,
aged 51 years and 11 months.
ICTFrlehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday),- at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2031 Polk street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES INSTITUTE NO. 2— A mass
will be offered for our late sister, Mrs. Lillian
Bryant, at 7 o'clock this day (Saturday), at
-St. Charles Church, Eighteenth End Shotwell
streets. All members and friends of the order
are Invited to attend.
MRS. T. WELSHONS. President.
MARY DONOVAN. Secretary.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EiIBALMERJ^
' 20 Fifth ft., opposite Lincoln School* .
Telephone South 88»
1112
STRUCK DOWN
IN CHURCH BY A
CHOIR SINGER
Bloodthirsty Assault Made With
a Keen Hatchet Upon an
Old Man.
Patrick Donovan, in Full View of the Con
gregation, Attacks and Fatally In
jures Alex Jardine.
PA. DONOVAN, who sings In trie
choir of St. Rose's Church at
Fourth and rannan streets, made
1 a brutal assault on Alexander Jar
dine, aged 77 years, with a hatchet last
evening. The assault took place in the
vestibule of the sacred edifice. The
■wounded man lies in a critical condition
in the Receiving Hospital, while his bru
tal assailant Is locked up in the City
Prison with a charge of an assault to
commit murder recorded against his
name.
The church was crowded at the time,
and as Donovan sneaked up behind his
aged victim and struck him several times
with a hatchet the greatest excitement
prevailed.
Several men who were present, seeing
the old man fall, the result of a severe
blow on the head, seized the -infuriated
choir-singer and after a short struggle
succeeded in disarming- him. He was
then held until a policeman arrived, who.
after handcuffing him, took him to the
City Prison.
Donovan claims he has been connected
with the choir of St. Rose's Church for
fonio time. At the conclusion of -the ser
vices last evening lie left the choir loft
11 nd started to leave the church. As he
reached the door he espied his old vic
tim, who was also in the act of emerging
from the sacred edifice. Sneaking up be
hind him Donovan took out a freshly
ground hatchet, which he had concealed
in his pantaloons, and without a word of
warning brought it down on the old
man's head. As his helpless victim
staggered against the wall of the church
Donovan again struck him. cutting an
ugly- gash in the back of his head. With
blood streaming from the gaping wounds
Jardine turned around as if to face the j
enraged choir-singer and received another
Ll"\v on the side of his head.
The congregation, which was composed
largely of women, seemed transfixed with
horror and made no effort to disarm the
hatchet wielder. As Donovan raised the
hatchet to again strike his victim sev
eral of the male members of the congre
gation s-ized him and prevented him
from furtner injuring Jin-dine. The
wounded man had fallen on the steps and
was bleeding profusely from three cuts In
the head and one in the neck. The am
bulance was at once summoned and the
unfortunate man hastily removed to the
Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Maher, who examined him, found
that one of the cuts on the top of the
head had penetrated the skull, causing a
compound fracture. Part of his left ear
was gone, having been chopped off by the
infuriated man. On account of his ad
vanced years, it is doubtful if he re
covers.
When seen in his cell in the City Prison ]
Donovan readily consented to tell the
story of the assault.
"I'm sorry 1 did not kill him." he re
marked after being told that Jai dine was
still alive. "He has persecuted me long
enough. For over twenty years he has
dogged my footsteps, frequently declar
ing his intention of killing me.
"I meant to do him up and am sorry
that I did not succeed. whenever I was
engaged to sing in church choirs Jardine
would follow me and induce the leader to
discharge me.
life mis-Table and
.suffering at his
. to kill him.
• - over 1 bi
• true
'■ store and
a number of hate):
• was BUit
■
•he hour that 1 was due
iefully ground the. blade,
• ; at it
igh ti. work !!.•■ destruc
-11 for l concealed it
in n:
■ • church and took my
accustomed place in the choir. During
armed the faces
<'f t: tlon, but failf-d to dis
my Impl • • • tny.
••As i left the choir loft j espied Jar
dine emerging from the church. I did
not want to kill him in the holy edifice
and waited until he ; "the yes-
I
"I thon sneaked up behind him and, tak
ing nut my hatchet, struck him on the
head. Up rot-led and was about to fall,
when I aprain brought the hatchet down
on his head.
"]'••' rr.: ned to finish him I rushed at
Jiim and aimed a blow at his neck.
•How pleased 1 felt when 1 saw the
DEATH FINALLY CALLS
EDWARD J. PRINGLE
Supreme Court Commis-
sioner Succumbs to
Typhoid Fever.
OAKLAND, April 21.— Kdward .T.
Pringle, Supreme Coßrt Com
missioner, died to-nifrht. For
nearly two days he has been un
conscious and the fatal end has been
expected. The crisis of his illness was
: d ihis morning, but the patient
failed to rally and gradually became
r. All his family were at his
c win n the end camp. The de-
Illness was acute typhoid
•
Edward J. Pringle was one of tho
r lawyers of San Francisco.
y-three :■ c was born
in South Carolina. Mr. Pringle re-
rcivr-ii his early education In his native State after which he entered Har
yard College and gradual \\o then 'went to Europe <">n a pleasure
tnji. ;n 'i upon ins return no and Jorm B. Felton, his former classmate d6
termined to come to the Pacific Coast. Mr. Pringle came by way of the isth
mus, arriving- December 'M. 1853.
'•"■' " " f !l war the law firm of Prlngle & Felton was or
ganized and later the firm became Whitcomb, Pringle & Felton' and lubse
v Pringle & Hayne. This firm continued until Mr. Hayne was elected to
Supreme bench, when -Mr. Pringle continued his practice alone Since
his appointment to the Supreme Court commission a few months ago he has
nol practi(
For many years he made a study of Spanish grants, which were new tojur
imprudence. He became an authority on Mexican titles and has been engaged
in many Important cases growing out of them. Mr. Pringle, up to the elec
tion ct L 896, had always been a Democrat. He never aspired to office
although always t.ikiiiK a great interest in national and local affairs He
v i i mber of the Board of Freeholders that drafted the present city
chartei of Oakland in ]s c .S. He married the daughter of Sydney ]„. Johnson,
an i tnlnent member of the California bar of the last generation.
n children have been born to them— five boys and two girls. AY B
Pringle. one of the tons, was president of the Oakland City Council, and
Edward J. Jr. Is one of the members of the San Francisco bar and was en
: In practice with his father. Mr. Pringle has resided In Oakland
1873.
Commissioner Prlngle was one of the four special attorneys who wore
entrusted by the Pardee administration with Oakland's Interests in the now
: wat( r front rases.
Mood push from the wounds and the look
of despair In the old man's face!
"Just as I was about to finish him sev
eral of the members of the congregation
grabbed me and prevented me from kill
ing him. :~ .
"If he doesn't die I will go after him
again and intend to see that I make a
good job of him." .
The son of the wounded man subse
quently visited the hospital to see Ins
father." He said that Donovan is men
tally deranged.
Some years ago, he claimed, his father's
assailant was confined, in an asylum,
where he developed Homicidal tendencies
and on several occasions attempted to kill
one of the guards.
Since his discharge from the asylum
Jardine says that his father ha.<
supporting him.
The prison officials are convinced that
Donovan is mentally weak and to-day
they Intend to have him examined y
ers of Lunacy.
MISSION FUNDS INCREASED.
Querita Vincent the Hit of the Or-
pheurn Benefit.
It was a swell society audience that
filled the Orpheum . and the
Fruit and Flower Mission funds a;
larger by the round sum of $966. The pro
grame was a loi it included the
full Orpheum Dill and a number of volun
irtists as well. Young women from
the Bostonlans, the Alcazar. Tivoli and
Orpheum company sold Sowers and pro
grammes, and of the total receipts nearly
tin- iff uri: * of the flower
sellers.
Of the volunteers. Mendell Fern Drey
fußS made what was practically her pro
fessional debut, and she scored a hit. She
■ a very pretty stage picture, and
her songs and dances went welL "Little
Maud," a talented child only 7 years of
age, was another favorite among the
volunteers; but the hit of th>> whole bill
was Querita Vincent from the Olympia.
She sang a song or two and then started
in with her "coon" dances, and got en
cores until the stage manager came out
and asked thai as the programmi
very long the audience should excuse Misa
Vincent; but even then she had t" again
bow her acknowledgments. The Kimball
'hone quintet appeared in operatic
selections and were well received.
■ rest of the hill was made up of the
Orpheum company, and every number
found high favor. Rosner's Hungarian
orchestra had a special musical pro
gramme arranged and several of the over
tures were encored.
. k for the total receipts <$%«)
was turned over to the Fruit and Flower
Mission last night by Morris Meyer f eld,
president of the Walter Orpheum Com
pany, so that the ladies of the mission will
to-day have funds for immediate use.
News by the Para.
The City of Para brought up a num
her of the officers of the wrecked steam< r
Starbuck. They were chief Officer 11.
Thompson. Chief Engineer < '. R. Parsons.
First Assistant Engineer Isaac n. Smith
and Chief Steward James 11. Darling.
Purser Allen of the Snn Bias came up on
;!.•■ I'ara. Purser Barker of the Starbuck
having taken his place. Purser Allen is
sick.
The men from the Starbuck refuse to
speak about the wreck of the vessel, but
the supposition is that she is a total loss,
or they would not have left her.
Mrs. Arthur Fields and family came
froni Peru on the Para. They formerly
resided in San Francisco and are going
to make their permanent home here.
United Slates Consul William L. Merry
received a great reception in Nicaragua
while the Para was in port. At < 'orinto
l:c received an ovation and at Managua
the President and his staff turned out to
welcome him.
The famous old JKSf.SK MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it Is pure.
A Counterfeiter Indicted.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
found a true bill of Indictment against Q.
ML I»ng for passing counterfeit five-dol
lar pieces and having thirty of them in
his possession. Hail was fixed at ?L'
and the prisoner was committed to the ■
custody of the United States Marshal.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 22, 1899.
THE GOVERNOR
MAY APPOINT
THE SENATOR
The News of Quay's
Selection.
TALK OF THE POLITICIANS
CALIFORNIA AND PENNSYLVA
NIA CASES ARE IDENTICAL.
Should Quay Be Seated at Washing
ton a Senator Appointed by-
Gage Would Probably Be
Admitted.
The press dispatch announcing that the
Governor of Pennsylvania hap appointed
Matthew s. Quay to be United States
Senator from that Btate caused much con
jecture among leading politicians of Cal
ifornia as to what course Governor Gage
will pursue in regard to the Senatorial
vacancy resulting from the failure of our
Legislature to elect a. successor of Ste
phen M. White. There is but little differ
ence between the Pennsylvania and Cali
fornia situations. Jf the United Stater.
Senate admits Quay there can scarcely be
any ground for denying admission to a
Senator appointed by Governor Gage to
nen sent this commonwealth until the
Legislature again convenes. The question
a< issue cannot be determined until the
I'nited States Senate convenes and that
event will not take place until next De
cember unless the President shall in the
meantime call an extra session of Con
press.
Judge Dibble was interviewed last even
ing and expressed the opinion that the
California and Pennsylvania cases were
almost identical and that if the United
States Senate admitted Quay a Senator
fmm this Stat^ appointed by Governor
would be seated. He did not at
tach any significance to the fad that dur
-■•veral days of (he session of the
Pennsylvania Legislature members re
mained away from Harrisburg to prevent
a quorum from being present. He main-
Gage Surely Conk! Not
Have Had This Man in
Mind When He Wrote
His Message to the
Legislature !
tamed, however, that the United States
Senate would be obliged to reverse its de
cision In recent casts if Quay were
seated.
So many politicians believe that Gover
nor Gage will follow- the example of Gov
ernor Stone of Pennsylvania that there
is much conjecture concerning the kind
of man that will be appointed to repre
sent California. The touts are already
predicting- that IHirns will pet the. com
mission.
In the message which Governor Gape
sent to the Legislature on the last day
of the lutit; session he drew a picture of
the kind of a Senator he desired the
legislators to elect, and it is presumed he
will appoint as poo<l a man as he re
commended tlie members to elect. Here
is the closing paragraph of the message
that was received during the expiring
hours of the session and too late for con
sideration:
"I implore you to falter no
longer in the discharge qf your
high duty; to select for the
State a proper representative for
the United States Senate; to rise
above the antagonisms which
have been engendered during
your long session, and to choose
for the people a man fully
equipped, mentally and morally,
for the great office of United
States Senator, a man of distin
guished abilities and virtue, a
man in whom the people will
perceive just grounds for confi
dence, a man who will best sub
serve our commercial and politi
cal interests and represent the
dignity of our people."
When the foregoing paragraph was
read to the assembled legislators there
was a good deal of comment to the effect
that the description of the Senator de
sired by the Cove.rnor did not fit Burns.
The special reference to the mental and
moral equipment seemed to give Dan the
double cross and signify ti.at he was not
in the calculation at either end. In the
further reference to a Senator of dis
tinguished abilities and virtue the most
Banguine and hopeful tout did not recog
nize a picture of the "colonel."
Last oveninK Governor Gage at Sacra
mento was asked whether he intended' to
appoint a Senator to fill the existing va
cancy, but he declined to be interviewed
on the subject.
Town Talk.
There is probably not in th« United
States a weekly journal that gives so
much 1 good, live, exclusive news of the
pleasant gossip order as Town Talk of
this city. Thirty-two paces of interesting
matter, treating of the clubs, society, the
lawyers, amateur sporting world, litera
ture, music, politics and the stage— this
is the contents this week. The Saunteror
chat:-: through nine pages of readable
paragraphs, satirizing a late reception
given in Oakland and commenting upon
several new engagements announced. !
Reminiscences of the Hurling family and i
their vicissitudes make capital reading. !
There is a storiette of life jn the quartier
do joie and two snappy dialogues; one a
supposed conversation enjoyed at the
New York marriage of a Callroraian heir
ess. Shysters are again hit by the Court
Reporter. Altogether, the number is un
commonly readable. Ten cents at all
newsdealers. ♦
Unstamped Wine for Sale.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch will
offer for sale at his office at 10 o'clock
mxt Monday morning several thousand
bottles containing 1 sweet wine which had
been left with him during the past year
as samples. Every manufacturer of
Bweet wines who uses grape brandy for
fortifying the same must furnish to the
Internal Revenue Collector two quart
bottles of his wines as samples. These
samples are sold at auction at the enu of
the year.
STRUCK ON THEIR HEADS,
BUT NOT SERIOUSLY HURT
Two Babes Have Severe Falls, but
Miraculously Escape Death.
TWO small children fell from
considerable heights yesterday
and landed on their heads, but,
strange to say, both are ex
pected to recover.
The nine-months-old son of Mr.
and Mrs. Jam"? Rue, 211°> Clement avenue, Alameda, fell from
a kitchen window, a distance of ten feet, and landed squarely
on its head upon an asphalt pavement. The child was in the
care of its sister, who sat it on a table near ;i window. While her
back was turned the baby crawled to the window and fell headlong to the
pavement. Dr. E. M. Keys, who was called in, found the child's head was
bruised, bul there was nn concussion. The child is expected to recover.
Little two year-old Rldna Peter?, while Bhopping with her parents at Hol
brook, Merrill & Stetson's, fell from the second story landing of the ware
house, a distance of thirteen feet, striking upon her bead. The child was
leriousl; Injured. Edna was unconscious for some time and was taken
to the Harbor Hospital, where she was treated. I>r. Pltzgibbon attended
the little one and advised her parents to take the child home and have their
regular physician attend to her. Only a slight liruise on the temple showed
where Edna's head had struck. Mr. and Mrs. Peters are from Atnador.
BUNKOED A STRANGER.
Emil Westphal From New Jersey
Loses His Money on a Pre
tended Horse Race.
Two bunko men, T. J. Morgan and Wil
liam Stevens, were cleverly captured yes
terday morning by Detectives Dinan
and Reynolds and booked at the City
Prison to await their removal to Oak
land.
Thursday morning another of the gang •
met Kmil Westphal, a recent arrival
from New Jersey, stopping at the New-
Atlantic Hotel, and took him to a saloon
on Stockton street, where Kmil was in
duced to shake dice with the stranger.
He lost $60, but when it was hinted that
a policeman would be called in he g_ot
back $50, the sal. ion man keeping $io for
luck. A few minutes later Kmil was ap
proached by Stevens, who led him to the !
ferry on the promise that he would get
him a position in a grocery in Oakland.
On the boat Morgan, who said he was a !
jockey, joined them, and Kmil was per- ;
i to give the "jockey" $."o— all the
money he had -to bet On a race, as it
would be a sure thing.
They went to the racetrack, and in due
time Kmil was told that the horse had
lost and his $50 was gone. Stevens came j
back to the city with Kmil after prom- j
Ising to get him a position with a fic
titious grocer, and then dropped him. >
Bmll reported the matter at police head
quarters yesterday morning, and in less
than an hour Dinan and Reynolds ar- |
rested Stevens and Morgan on Powell
They were Identified by Emil.
CHESS TOURNAMENT.
San Francisco and Seattle Meet for I
the Fourth Time.
The chess tournament between the j
Mechanics' Institute Club of this city i
and the Seattle Chess Club was played
laal night. The Postal Telegraph Com- I
puny gave the clubs the free use of its !
lines.
The local players met In the chessroom
of the Mechanics' Institute and the play
began at 8 o'clock. The dubs have bat
tled upon three former occasions and in
each tournameni the San Francisco club
has hern victorious. The local club last
night was represented by the following
players:
First tal>l«. George Hallwegler; second
table. R. Kendrick; third table, Henry
Epstein; fourth table. K. A. Cutting; fifth
table, H. Mitchell and B. E. Jones; sixth
table, I. L. Gilbert and I. Denton.
The Seattle club players were: First,
table. J. N, Babson; second table, W. A.
Dickey; third table. C. B. Bogley; fourth
table, Frank Steele; fifth table, K. Turch, !
A M. Cadien, 1.. L. Curtis and Dr. C. K.
Baldwin; sixth table, A. D. Blowers, j
George Under. L. Joffe and J. W. Fitts.
The fifth and sixth tables were for the j
consultation games. According to the
terms of the tournament the players were '
CORPORAL BALKE'S
BRAVERY COMMENDED
A Native of This
City Distinguishes
Himself in the
Field.
(~^ ORPORAL JOHN E. BALKK of
I Company I, First California Vol
| onteers, was with Corporal Gillis
the latter distinguished him
self by recovering ammunition which
had been left on the field of battle on
February IS of the present year. He
also received a letter from the com
manding officer of the regiment in
which he was commended for hi 3
bravery.
The courageous volunteer is a na
tive of this city. At the outbreak of
the war he gave up a lucrative posi
tion as custodian of California Hall
and enlisted in the company command
ed by Captain Richter, who was killed
in battle. He has hundreds of friends
in this city and they will be pleased
to learn of the recognition of his
bravery.
required to make twenty moves .in trnur.
At midnight none of the Ramos had '■■•■ ■ rt
concluded, although at that time San
Francisco was thought by those present
to have the advantage. Especially was
this the case at the sixth table. Seattlo
had the best "f the pame at the fourth
table
MISSIONS AT ST. PATRICK'S.
Redemptorist Fathers Will Begin a
Series of Them To-Morrow
Afternoon.
Beginning to-morrow afternoon a series
of missions for men. women and children
will be, inaugurated in St. Patrick's
Church. The missions will continue for
five weeks and will be conducted by Re
demptorist Fathers Distler. McGeough,
Hild, Cantwell, Bond and Pagan. The
two last named will open the mission for
children in the bnsement of the church.
During the children's mission there will
be a mass and sermon each morning at
8 o'clock, and rosary, sermon and bene
diction each afternoon at, 3:30 o'clock. On
April SO the mission for adults will be
opened. Services will begin at 11 a. m.
The mission for married women will be
held from April .'lO to May 7: young women
from May 7 to May 14; married men from
May 14 to May 21, and young men from
May 21 to May 2S.
AN INDECENT EXHIBITION.
Six Theatrical People Taken to Jail
After the Show.
"Little Egypt." T^illif Fatina, Mariana
Nanfeo, Michael Travers, John Jess and
Aychee Berte^iy. performers in a Mar
ket-street theater, were arrested after the
show last evening: and taken to the City
Prison, whore they were charged with
having given an indecent performance on
the night of April 19.
Officers Ksola and Tyrrell witnessed the
alleged offense and immediately procured
warrants which they served last night.
All were released on hail.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Petitions in insolvency were filed In the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows:
John Scbulte, fx-mrrrhant of Santa
Cruz, liabilities $8063, assets $1550; Charles
K. Oliver of Stockton, liquor dealer lia
bilities $5621, assets $40.
Flor x)e Heyneman.
Finest pure Havana cigar on the mar
ket. First class stores have them on sale.
If your dealer does not carry them, send
us three dollars for a box of twenty-five
Flor de Heyneman Deliciosas, expressage
prepaid. State color wanted. Money re
funded to you if cigars not satisfactory
Heyneman, Brown & Co., 117 and 119 Pine
street, sole agents. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Saturday afternoon
grand free concert
by start's orchestra:
one of the features of Saturday shopping is to drop into Kale's: it's a
half-way stopping place in the busy whirl of Saturday buying: It's a comfort-
able store for comfort's sake; it's an easy store to shop in; and should you
buy any article with which you are not entirely satisfied— Hales exchange
or return money.
most families need hosiery on Saturday:
101 dozen children's black cotton hose, corduroy ribbed, medium ini/>
heavy double heels, knees and toes, fast black and seamless; per pair l«8v
140 dozen children's black lisle hnse, fine narrow ribbed, carter OSJ/-»
top, double heels, soles and toes, fast black and seamless; p^r pair -AOw
inn dozen ladies' tan hose, made of fine maco cotton. Richelieu |£52f»
ribbed, in nil the new shades, double heels, solps and topp; pr. r pair.. l"3v
BO dozen ladies' tan lisle hose. Richelieu ribbed, silky finish, fine C%Ctr*
quality, spliced heels and toes; per pair
items for the housewife:
table damask, bleached, two yards wide, all Ibten; per yard 50c
150 dozen table napkins, bleached, dinner size, hemmed; dozen 91.00
roller towels, ready for use; three qualities—
lot 1, 3 yds. long. 20c ea. ; lot 2, 2 1 - yds. long;. £5o ea. ; lot 3, 3 yds. lonp. 3Oc
swell walking hats on display:
for the Park, for the octan and for the general miting we have millinery,
■veiling; gloves, costumes, lackets shirt waists and th» latest novelties.
We make alterations at short notice and give you your costume when
promised and as promised.
937 to 947 Market Street.
the same firm — the same good goods — the «ame guarantee.
also at
Sacramento, San Jose, Stockton, Petaluma, Salinas, Los Angeles.
FOR TO-DAY
CUsTZLTST..
Ranch Eggs ------ I7k
Creamery Butter, squares, 30c
Eastern Hams — = = IOLc
Mocha and Java Coffee,
Regular 35c - - 4 , fe jyj)
'•piTFT NEXT TRANSPORT FOR MANILA
I leaves shortly. Send your boys a Box of
Groceries, Packed and Shipped Free of Charge.
Leave your orders early.
LEVIN BROS.,
inc.,
Leading Cash Grocers, 1348-1354
Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 292. NO BRANCHES.
KANSAS CITY'S MAYOR
SEEKS INFORMATION
! AROUSED BY A CRITICISE ON
"EMBALMED" BEEF.
President .Hammond of the Butchers'
Board of Trade Creates a Sensa
tion by a Timely Objection.
President S. C Hammond of the Butch
ers' Board of Trade was commended on
every hand yesterday for the fearless
stand he took in denouncing the use of
"embalmed" beef by the soldiers at Ma
nila. His criticism, whk-h was published
exclusively in The Call of yesterday, was
widely read and commented on. A por
tion of it was sent to Kansas City by the
Press Association and it caused a sensa
tion in that place. The Mayor of that
city, impressed with the Important posi
tion held by Mr. Hammond in this com
munity, forwarded him the following dis
patch, which explains itself:
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 21, 1«M.
President Hammond, Butchers' Board of
Trade, San Francisco, Cal.: Dispatch from
San Francisco to-day quotes you as follows:
"A sensation has been caused here by the
statement made by President Hammond of the
San Francisco Butchers' Board of Trade to the
effect that the tJovernment has Just purchased
0 pounds dressed beef from Kansas City
firms for the Philippines which is in an 'em
balmed' state. Hammond has communicated
this to General Miles."
Before taking any steps or making any
answer to the above, we desire to ascertain
definitely If any sunn statement or similar
statement was made by you or any member oi
your body. Will you kindly reply 'immediately
by wire, stating facts fully, and oblige
J. H. JONES, Mayor of Kansas City.
Tn answer to the foregoing dispatch,
Mr. Hammond replied as follows:
J. H. Junes, Mayor of Kansas City, Mo.: Ar
ticle in Call of this morning referred to was
based on telegraphic dispatches of two 'lavs
ago. Statements made in same can be much
better judged by the article Itself, so send you
by mall copy of Call of even date
SAMUEL C. HAMMOND,
President Butchers' Board of Trade.
POOLS ON DOG RACES.
Proposed Ordinance Does Not Invali-
date the Law Prohibiting Bet
ting on Horse Races.
The proposed ordinance to permit the
selling of pools on dog races will not. in
the opinion of the City and County Attor
ney, affect the validity of the ordinance
recently passed, and whlcu prohibits the
selling of pools on horse races. His opin
ion is set forth in the following communi
cation sent to the Board of Supervisors
yesterday:
SAX FRANCISCO, April 80, 1899.
To the Hoard of Supervisors: You have
asked if by the passage of an ordinance allow
ing certain persons to sell pools upon eon
teats between dogs you would invalidate the ex-
Istlng ordinance (No. 174) prohibiting pool sell
ing upon races between horses or between
I answer that the proposed order permitting
pool selling upon coursing matches if it became
the law would not render Invalid the existing
ordinance, in so far as such ordinance prohib
its pool selling upon horse races. The validity
of ordinance No. 174 is now under consideration
In the Superior Court.
FRANKUN K. LANE,
Attorney and Counselor.
JOUNTERFEIT CIGAR STAMPS.
Revenue Agents Make a Big Haul
Among Local Dealers.
"Whpn Arthur Taylor and Baldwin S.
Brertill wore arrested a few days ago In
Philadelphia it was not known that the
prisoners had been making any counter
feits other than the $100 "Monroe head"
silver certificates, hut after the headquar
ters of the prang were searched the plates
of a counterfeit Internal Revenue cigar
stamp were found. Further investigation
on the part of the Secret Service detec
tives brought to light the fact that fac
tory 5741 Of the Ninth District of Pennsyl
vania had sent throughout the country
several hundred thousand boxes of cigars
with the counterfeit revenue stamp.
Special Revenue Agent Thomas and
Deputy Internal Revenue Collector Chan
dler yesterday found 28.000 cigars, all the
boxes bearing the counterfeit stamp made
by the Philadelphia gang. The dealers
were Innocent, never having suspected
that there were counterfeit stamps afloat
The search will be kept up until all the
000000000000000000
§ T .f." PALACE 'i'o
%GRAND HQTELS %
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. V
O 1400 Room«— 900 w! h Batft Attached. *•
O All Under Or.c Management. Q
O MOTE THE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. 81. per d»y and upward Q
n American Plan. sS.OO per day And upward « v
"* Correspondence Solicited. V*
0 JOHN 0. EIKEFITKIOE. Hunger O
000000000000000000
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonlo
lor the sexual and urinary organs of both
Bexeß. and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
822 Market street. a F.— (Send for Circular.)
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
cigars having the counterfeit stamp on
the box shall have been confiscated.
.-♦-•
"Hoosier Joe" Arraigned.
Joseph T'llman. backman, better known
as "Hoosier Joe," was arraigned in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday on a charg
assault to murder for shooting- "Billy"
McClure, another backman, at 0
View early Thursday morning. The case
was by consent continued till April
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLEASURE""
- SORROW
"Health and Disease are conditions on which
depend pleasure and sorrow, happiness or un-
happlness. success or failure. Health makes a
man equal to any emergency. Disease makes
him unequal to the ordinary duties of life.
It is economy to be well."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
o ®
2 m t ®
m v. Ik® r^a m pj
£ — \.:ja.. u> H ffl
I MAMi i
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE OLD RELIABLE SPECIALIST,
(22 Years' Experience),
Offices at 737 .Market St.. San Francisco,
Where the sick and afflicted can receive treat-
ment in the future, as they have in the past,
from the ablest and most (successful specialist
of the age Some doctors fail because of treat-
Ing the wrong disease; others from not knowing
the right treatment.
NO MISTAKES HEBE AND NO FAILURES.
References— Banks, Merchants and
Business Men In the city.
In seeking treatment the following qualifica-
tions should be taken into consideration:
Ability, experience, skill and an established
reputation for v •
RELIABILITY!
All of which are possessed by Dr. Sweany, and
are necessary for the successful and satisfac-
tory treatment of any disease.
NERVOUS DEBILITY and a! 1 of lts t *»-
WLnfUUO ULUILII I tendins ailments of
YOUNG. MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN
The awful effects of neglected or improperly
treated cases, causing drains, weakness of tha
body and brain, dizziness, falling memory
lack of energy and confidence, pains in th»
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany'
special treatment will cure you. no matter who
or what has failed.
WFAK MEN L , PBt .. v lgor and vitality re-
?ILHI\ HI Mil stored to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or
shrunken through diseases, overwork excesses
or Indiscretions are restored to full rower
strength and vigor by his successful system of
treatment.
RUPTURE Cured by hls new method without
ElUr I JilLuse of knife or detention from
w O . r «"T«««^f S i- SUre and Permanent cure
VARICOCELE SSsrs CSurSt
ed with unfailing success 6 5 treat-
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON r? -
eases of the blood promptly and thorouehi^
"*
PRIVATE DISEASES, Srr t £-
which, if neglected or improperly treated'
break down the system and cause kidney dial
ease, etc . permanently cured.
ELECTRICITY Statlc - Galvanic and Fa-
LULU '!. lIUII I ' radic Electricity scientifi-
cally used and -""lied In all Its modern forms
In conjunction with special medical treatment
liiniTr where v can *>• of benefit.
WnITF If you cannot call at his office, fully
win , 'describing your symptoms and you
will receive ,In plain envelope a scientific and
nonest opinion of your case and a book of
va '" ab e '"formation free of charge.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 6:30 to
8 P. m. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Call at
office or address
T.L.BWEANY.tt. D..737 Market St..S M rnMiMt.osi