VOLUME LXXXV- NO. 131.
JUSTICE FIELD IS
SUMMONED TO THE
SILENT MAJORITY
THE LATE STEPHEN J. FIELD.
This Photograph Was Taken by Clivedinst at Washington Just
Before Justice field Retired prom trje Supreme Bench in
December, 1897, and Is Probably the Last for Which the
Venerable Jurist Sat. , '
Copyrighted, 1897, by Leslie's Weekly. .'.
WASHINGTON,. April
9.— Justice Stephen. J.
Field of the; United
States Supreme- Court, retired;
died at his home on Capitol Hill
in this city at 6:30 .o'clock this
evening of kidney complication.
About his bedside were his wife
and her sister, Mrs. J. G. Smith;
Justice David J. Brewer of the
Supreme Court, his nephew;
Mrs. Fdgerton of California,
Mr. Lawton, his private secre
tary; Rev. Edward M. Mott,
rector of the Church of the Ad-
vent, • and the family servants.
He had been unconscious since
Saturday morning and death
v. "... • "•• *V '..
came painlessly.
Ever 'since Justice Field's, re
; tirement from the Supreme
' Court bench in December, 1897,
■ he has enjoyed comparatively
-<Pfc>od health, and being relieved
trom the responsibilities which
he had borne for so many years,
v. he became more cheerful than
;' - formerly and seemed to enjoy the
society of his. friends and ac
! intances more than ever be
; fore. All during the winter when
• ..the weather was fair it was his
••• custom to take daily drives about
: _ the city or through the grounds
of the Soldiers' Home, and al
ways returned refreshed. i
... About two weeks ago, how
ever, he took a longer ride than
usual in an open carriage and
contracted a severe cold, which
'. rapidly developed the kidney
.-; ' troubles from which he had suf
•• fered, though but slightly, for
• some time.
The disease readily yielded to
• treatment and on Thursday last
. • he set up for a time and seemed
Ai quite himself again, but on Sat
urday morning a change for the
worse took place and about noon
The San Francisco Call.
he lost consciousness. From
that time he sank rapidly and ex-
pired at 6 130. o'clock. _
.No arrangements have yet
been made for the funeral, 'nor is
it now known where he will be
buried. It is probable that his
remains will be taken to Stock
bridge, Mass.,' where are buried
his father and mother and . his
brothers Cyrus, Dudley and Jon
athan, two - sisters and other
members of the Field family. It
is .possible, however, that Mrs.
Field 'may decide to take his.re
mains to California, where a con
siderable par? of .his active life
was" passed before.P resident Lin
coln appointed him a member of
the Supreme bench.
Justice and Mrs. Field never
had any: children, and the only
surviving, member of his father's
family is the Justice's youngest
brother, Dr. Henry Field, the
editor of The Evangelist. Dur
ing several years prior to his re
tirement from the bench the Jus
tice's health at times seemed, on
the point of .breaking, but he
usually recovered promptly and
in a few days would again resume
his judicial duties. For the past
year and more the most intimate
with him knew his mental powers
were becoming somewhat Im
paired. The results of his long
career of great mental activity
were beginning to show them
selves in a failing- memory after
his retirement from the bench,
though his physical ; health
seemed to improve a little.
STEPHEN JOHNSON FIELD.
Justice Stephen Johnson Field- was a
member of a remarkable family. He was
born in Haddam, Conn., November 4.
1816. His father. Rev. David Dudley
Field, was distinguished as ; a preacher,
scholar and historical '.writer; and , his
grandfather. Captain Timothy Field, ob
tained hla military title by gallant ser- '
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL. 10, 1899.
vice in the American Revolution. If any
father ever had cause to be proud of his
sons It was Rev. David Dudley Field.
Four of his. sons became famous and
three of them have left an impress
their times and attained world-wide celeb
rity. The eldest, David Dudley Field,
was a lawyer of great eminence, of whom
an "English chancellor said that "he had
done more for the reform of laws than
any other man living." His works on
international law have been translated
Into the various European languages and
Into Chinese. Cyrus West Field, the
third son, conceived and carried out the
project of the Atlantic cable, and. John
Bright pronounced him "the Columbus
of modern times, who, by his cable, had
moored the New World alongside the
Old." Henry Martyn Field, the fourth
■son, was eminent as a clergyman and
historian. . Stephen J. Field was the sec
ond son and his name will live as that
of one of the leading jurists of the cen
tury. • 
When Justice Field was only 13 he went
to Smyrna to visit his sister, the mother
of" Justice Brewer. He visited Athens and
studied there the modern Greek and
learned to speak It fluently. He had a
lot of experiences during cholera times In
Asia Minor and came back to New York.
He was graduated at Williams College
in 1837, standing first in his class;' and he
then went to New York, studied law ln
the office of his brother, David Dudley,
and after his admission to the bar be-'
came a member of the firm.
Next he went to Paris, and .while there
read the news that gold had been discov
ered In California. He struck a bee line
for America and took a ship for the
Golden Gate. He landed in San Francisco
with $10 in Ids pockets and had to pay
out seven of these to have his trunks
taken up. from the wharf. He slept on
the floor that night in a room for j which
he was to pay $33 a week rent, and his
breakfast the next morning, the cheapest
he could find, cost him $2. The result was
that his .first day in California was begun
with $1 in his pocket. He was then 33
years old and be says that, notwithstand
ing his lack of funds, he felt happy and
hopeful. He had, however,, only $1 left,
and he needed money at once. His^itrst
earnings came from a lot of old newspa
pers which he had brought along to read
on the voyage. He had sixty-four of these
and gave them to a man to sell, with
the understanding that he was to
divide the profits. New York pa
pers were then worth $1 apiece in
San Francisco, and the man ped
dled them out, getting $64 for the lot.
He gave the future Supreme Court Jus
tice half and when young Field, found
that jurymen' got $8 a day and that the
average workman was often paid as much
as $16 a day, the prospects seemed
brighter. His next; step was to collect a
note of $400 which belonged to David Dud
ley Field. He saw the sign of the maker
of the note and learned that the man had
grown rich in California. He called upon
him and began to talk about the country,
without saying anything about . the note.'
"Ah," said the man, "you will like it out
here; this is a glorious country. I have
already made $200,000."
: "Is that bo?" said Mr. Field. "I am
Continued on Second Pag*
LAWTON'S
EXPEDITION
UNDER WAY
Picked Regulars Will
Fight Filipinos in True
American Style.
FIRST TO TAKE SANTA CRUZ
Tactics Will Be Those jjf the Old-
Time Frontier Battles and the En
- emy Will Be Given a ■"
Severe Drubbing. ,
Sr-sclal Dispatch to The Call.
R/| ANILA, April io, 9:50
/*\ a. m. The expedition
1 1 of 1500 men under
Major-General Henry W. Law
ton, which started last night
with the . intention of crossing
Laguna de Bai,. capturing the
town of Santa Cruz, on the east
ern shore of the lake- and then
sweeping the country to the
south, consists of 200 picked
sharpshooters , chosen from the
various regiments, Hawthorne's
mountain battery, Gates' head
quarters, three troops of the
Fourth Cavalry unmounted with
broncos, Tappan's battalion of
the Fourteenth Infantry, Linck's
battalion of the First Idaho In
fantry and Fraino's battalion of
the First North Dakota Infantry
under General King.
The flotilla of twenty canoes,
towed by tugs and convoyed by
the gunboats Laguna de Bai,
Oesta and Rapidan and preceded
by the launch containing General
Lawton and General King, start
ed from San Pedro Macate, on
the Pasig River, moving toward
the lake just as evening was set
ting in. It was a truly pictur-
esque scene.
The men were all in high spir
its and carried rations for ten
days, with the lightest marching
equipment.
General Lawton's plan was to
reach Santa Cruz this morning at
daybreak, to capture or destroy
any rebel gunboats or shipping
or to take the town and then to
scour the country to the south of
the lake, a distance not yet ex
plored by the Americans.
The tactics will be those of the
old-time frontier fighting, and it
is probable that the command
will be divided into squads of
twelve under non-commissioned
officers.
In- General Law-ton's?, absence,
the Second Division is temporar
ily commanded by General Oven
Continued on Second Page.
DYED HIS KNIFE
IN WOMAN'S BLOOD,
THEN IN HIS OWN
Awful Dual Crime of E. A. yon Schmidt.
Stabbed His Former Wife to Death,
Tr;eo Killed I-|iH)self.
Alameda Office San Francisco Call.
1428 Park Street. April 9.
THE unhappy matrimonial rela
tions of Captain E. A. yon
Schmidt and his wife, Isabelle.
terminated to-day in a horrible
double ' tragedy. The \ captain
stabbed his wife to death;, with a
dirk-knife, and then made five vicious
jabs at himself until the blade . pene
trated his heart and he fell dead be
side the woman he had murdered.
There were no eye witnesses to the
affair. ' It happened at the bottom of
the back' stairs leading from the resi
dence, 2232 San Jose avenue, which had
been the homer of Mrs. yon Schmidt
and her five children since she was
divorced from her husband a few
months ago. '
For some weeks Yon Schmidt has
been pleading with friends\^n this city
to affect a reconciliation between him
self and his wife, and the latter 's flat
refusal to forget and forgive the
wrongs of the past is looked upon as
the immediate cause of the tragedy.
Mary Thompson, a domestic in the
employ of Mrs. yon Schmidt, gives the
most connected story of the affair.
She was making the bed in the room
occupied by Rose, the eldest child, in
the 'front part of the house, when she
looked out the window and saw Cap
tain yon Schmidt coming along San
Jose avenue from the direction of Wal
nut street. Not desiring to alarm Mrs.
yon Schmidt, whom she knew feared
her husband would do her bodily in
jury, Miss Thompson called the child
Rose and told her that her father was
coming. The little girl in turn in
formed her mother, who went to the
parlor window.. ind seeing Captain yon
Schmidt coming up the front steps,
went to the door to admit him.
What happened immediately after is
not clear. ' Miss ' Thompson and the
children had retired to the rear rooms
when they were startled by piercing
shrieks from M-«<. yon Schmidt, who
come running toward the kitchen, yell
ing, "Murder! Murder! Help me. For
God's sake, help me!" She was. close
ly followed by Yon Schmidt with a dirk
knife in one hand and a pistol in the
other. Miss Thompson ran out of the
house onto the back porch, and as she
passed through the kitchen door Yon
Schmidt hurled his revolver at her
head. His aim was poor arid the
weapon landed far out in the back
yard. The servant hurried down the
steps and out to the street, where she
gave the alarm.
When neighbors arrived on the scene
both the participants in the tragedy !
were dead. Yon Schmidt had stabbed
his wife five times in the back as she
fled down the stairway, literally slash
ing her to pieces. One of her ribs was
cut in twain and her right shoulder was
all but severed from the body.
The woman struggled desperately at
the landing below in an endeavor to es
cape the murderous grasp of her ex- I
husband, but she was but a frail crea
ture compared with the gigantic stature
of Yon Schmidt and weak from her
fearful wounds, and it was but the
work of a moment for him to over
power her, and as she lay prostrate on
her back he tore her clothing from her
breast' and plunged his dirk knife
through her heart.
Then, standing at the feet of the
murdered woman, he. turned the blade
on himself, and after inflicting five gap
ing wounds over the region of the heart
finally penetrated that vital organ and
with outstretched arms fell back dead.
Colonel A. W. yon Schmidt, father of
the dead man, arrived on the scene a
few minutes after the tragedy. It had
been his habit since his son and daugh
ter-in-law were • divorced to visit the
children every Sunday. He sympa
thized with the mother in the matri
monial troubles, and for this reason he
and his son had not been on the most
friendly terms. The children were his
pets, and on his regular visits he never
failed to come with an armful of toys
and sweetmeats for the little ones.
When he heard of what had happened- j
he was prostrated for a few seconds,
but his thoughts reverted from the
tragedy to the five little children so
suddenly left parentless, and, remark- [
Ing to those who surrounded him that
they must be cared for, he pulled him
self together and went in quest of the
little ones. In the meantime they had
been taken to the home of Dennis
Welch, the next-door neighbor, where
the grandfather joined them.
C. A. McCurrie, a piano tuner, who lives
at 2225 Clinton avenue, was first on the
scene.
' "I heard some screeching," said Mr. Mc-
Currie, "and being acquainted with the
Yon Schmidts I knew what was up. I
rushed into the back yard just as Yon
Schmidt staggered and fell. His wife was
still alive, but unconscious. Four of her
little children were about her crying,
'Oh, mamma, oh, mamma, don't die
don't die!' It was the most pitiful scene
I ever witnessed.' Hurrying the little ones
Into the house I ran for assistance, but
when I returned both man and wife were
dead.' ,
Mrs. L. C Johnson of 2128 Clement ave
nue is probably the last person with whom
Yon Schmidt conversed before he started
ion his mission of murder. Mrs. Johnson
| has been a friend of the family for years,
I and taking advantage of this Yon Schmidt
has been importuning her for weeks to go
to his wife and make overtures for a
reconciliation. "£';'•.
"April 19 would have been the fifteenth
anniversary of their marriage," said Mrs.
Johnson, "and the captain was making
desperate efforts to persuade his -wife to
forgive him for the past and return to
him before then. He wanted a grand
family reunion on that day and proposed
to commence then to lead a new life. He
loved • the woman to distraction, and I
think he has brooded over the divorce un
til his mind gave away. He Imagined at
times that she had not been true to him,
and then he would tell me in the next
breath that she was a good woman.
"He visited me shortly after noon to
day and again asked me to go to his
wife. I told him I would not. carry mes
sages, and. he asked me for writing ma
terial to send her a letter. I had visited
INSANE JEALOUSY'S VICTIM.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Mrs. yon Schmidt the day before and
talked the matter over with her in a
friendly way, but not with any idea of
inducing her to return to the captain.
She told me then that a reconciliation
•was impossible, and that she hated him
as much as he loved her. I repeated this
to the captain to-day. There was a wild
look about him when I told him. His
face turned ashy pale, and he said he
would see her himself. Fea/ing that he
would do something desperate, I begged
him not to harm her. His only reply
was; 'I love her! I love her! Rather than
let another man get her we will die to
gether.' He broke down and cried like
a baby, and, after regaining his compos
ure, bid me good by and left."
This was at 12:20 o'clock. Ten minutes
later Yon Schmidt had taken the life of
his wife and ended his own.
The letters written at Mrs. Johnson's
house were found on the captain's per
son. They are rambling affairs, and give
evidence that the man was not in his
right mind. Both are addressed to Rob
ert Eagleson of San Francisco and
dated at the Russ House, although iden
tified by . Mrs. Johnson as the letters
written to-day at her house. They read
as follows:
RUSS HOUSE. April 9, 1899.
Mr. Robert Eagleson. 748-750 Market
street, S. F.— Sir: (.Changed In form
but not in substance and sent.) My
original surmises of the cause of the
breaking up of my family are entirely
confirmed, to my sorrow, by my three
months' Investigation— to my Judgment
and conclusion well in the opinion
of others who know something. My
intention was to "call out" any even
half gentleman, even in defiance of the
law against the "code duello." But
men do not duet with characterless and
infamous wretches. ' Other measures
must suffice, and I am not a breaker
of the highest law— a home wrecker—
a fiendish libertine— nor cowardly liar.
Could your intellect grasp the drift of the
few gentlemanly remarks I permitted to
pass my lfps in Captain Jordan's pres
ence last night? Or will only a
weightier way reach home? I await
the next call— lt will be the 13th er
ror. Each' lie you make to me I count
a call. In vase of any cowardly crime
against myself— for one who heeds not
five poor children's life ruin— to say
nothing of mother and nature's
holiest ties— at no fiendish deed
of darkness— though— of course, a cow
ard by God's daylight— have pre
pared and placed duplicate histories
covering over eighteen years, and.
showing where and who to look to. Be
fore God and man, ii?* •'■
EDWARD A. YON SCHMIDT.
B) RUSS HOUSE. April 9. #
<s> . (The Man Bends to the Skunk a last _>
0' "call" of warning). • Mr. Robert Eagle- rt
<£,' son: In my Judgment, now, my knowl- «§>
i A edge of what "I am up against" 'Is ft
j X complete. He who keeps the grand- <»►
A mother In sin Is trying— oh. so hard rt
X to more completely ruin the mother, 2j>
| A daughter, four little sons, not to count rt
9 the father. Could he hear well? And X
A think deep? And remember the. Ban- A
I 9 shee? Walling- so quietly? A man X
I 2£ cannot duel with a skunk— but he may &
9. say avaunt, foul beast, or die. And it ~
[ <§> li said, and a witness heard, hark ye! v
! A A liar is always a coward and I have ft
9 been lied to by the skunk, for two a
A months and more. And deceived and A
9 humbugged -by the skunk, • 10, these 5?
A many years. : /..,:- A
9 A decent man may be where chil- 9
£ dren — are, but not a skunk. Nor A
9 may a skunk wed an honest woman. V
£> Let him live with a harlot and be be- A
9 neath her— making harlots, or try- 9
<£ ing to, of wives and mothers. Why g
9 should \he skunk turn to roll the dead? 9
«$> Or force others to, like a hyena? <*>
rt • Great God! What stays my hand an ft
,§> hour? Love to live for her— my wife <&
rt before God, my children's mother. And A
X only that, nothing more. And If, per- X
rt chance, the skunk schemes to kill the A
2£ man by cowardly trickery, the man 9
if has forewarned and forearmed other X
9 men with sealed histories of the Inside V
J£ facts for eighteen years, that the skunk A
a 9 may be known to all men and slaught- 9
5L ered by Law and Public Opinion, to 3£
9 please God. Finis of letter and word, V
__ Next? Next World! The Man. <?>
0 EDWARD A. YON SCHMIDT. #
In addition to these letters the following
screed was found on the dead man. It is
given verbatim:
m (?) Enough "prospect work" having «
T been done to' "stir up" talk, now Jr
X "sinking" may go on. The matter be- rt
9 low must be. If and when ascertained, 9
A "stowed down," and to all outward in- £
9 tents, "forgotten." 9
A First— How close was, or is, Mrs. H. to Si
9 Mrs. (so-called) V. S. ? Closer before or 9
Si after divorce? Before or after change? 5£
9 Second— Who was most with Mrs. V. 9
"VS. in Alameda before divorce? <3-\
ft Third— What was the "change" of #
,$> about a month ago? What from? ,;,
~ What to? Why? A
9 Fourth— What idea lay beneath Mrs. 9
"S> L. asking Mrs. E. to buy tickets for ®
ft Mrs. V. S. to the opera? ft
<& Fifth— Why go to lunch after theater a,
A If not caring to be seen ln theater with rt
X a person? V '■" 9
& Sixth— lf this Is a bad case, why cul- X
9 tlvate by the L. family any visiting, 9
X driving, theater or lunch relations with Si
9 Mrs. 157 9
£ Seventh— As "Jack" is a friend a.ii.l '!'■
9 has offered to do anything he can ask 9
*_ him. and when answered by honor 11 __
© shall be "stowed." E. A. V. S. 9
The Mrs. E. referred to is supposed to
be Mrs. Eagleson. The "1,." is meant for
Lancaster, a family who were neighbors
and friends of the Yon Schmidts before
their divorce, when they lived at 2221 Cen
tral avenue. "Jack" is the son of Mr. and
Mrs. Lancaster.
On last Friday Yon Schmidt took A. V.2
ELEPHANT RAJAH'S
NINTH VICTIM
Drunker) peeper Tries to Open
the Big Animal's Mouth
ar)d Gets filled.
£3 KANSAS CITY, April 9.— "Rajah," a mammoth elephant owned by ■
5 Lemon Hrothers* Circus Company, which has been wintering ln Argen- 5
£; tine, K£Ui_, near here, to-day killed its keeper, Frank Fisher. Fisher had &
% returned to the tent intoxicated and tried to make the different animals £*
S perform. Coming to the elephant he ordered it to open its. mouth. Be- |5
y coming enraged, Rajah crushed Fisher's arm, and, throwing him to the ft
« ground, mace repeated efforts to pierce the prostrate trainer's body with 8
2 its tusks. Unable to reach him. Rajah finally knelt .upon Fisher, crush- 8
» ing his life out before assistance could arrive. Fisher was 28 years of £
§ age and his home was in Montreal, Canada. He is said to be Rajah's «
S ninth victim. ft
Lancaster into his confidence and par- j
tially related to him his troubles. On that
occasion he made statements the Import I
.f which c:_n now be easily translated as
tending toward establishing premedita
"Captain yon Schmidt came to me last |
Friday," said Mr. 1/ancaster to a Call re- ,
porter this afternoon, "and after -convers
ing a while he told me that he had made
ap his mind to kill a Mr. Eagleson. Now, •.
I am not acquainted with Eagleson, put I
[advised Yon Schmidt not to do anything
that would come back to him hereafter, |
and 1 remarked that everything would
co mo out ail right In the end. \on
Schmidt, however, replied t__t for twenty
rears Eagleson had lived with Mrs. yon
Schmidts mother, and for the part two
years Mrs. yon Schmidt had teen going.
to the Eagleson home in San Francisco;
that since his ex-wife's mother died ho
nad objected to her continued visits over
there. Htill she persisted in going .He
told me tha* Eagleson had Njen sending
lick-is for the <>: era to i.lr_. yon Schmidt
and that she would go over to the city :
■md after .-' _• opera have lunch with ;
Eagleson. 'This thing has got to be I
.topped.' said V.en Schmidt; '1 can .stand j
it no longer. and i 1 think that 1 11 kill i
l_agleson, anyway.' ;■■■■• _ _ '• n. I
"1 urged him to keep cool and do noth
ing rash; that if he executed his threat he
would simply get into rouble, but he re
plied that he would never get into trouble
_ny more; he would never step into a '
aourtroom again, and that he had a good
_nife, which would prevent further trou
olc for him. Yon Schmidt worried a great ,
deal over his family troubles. Recently
he called at the home of my son. Jack,
And used every' endeavor with Jack s wire
>o get her to go over to Mrs. yon bebmidt
bid coax h.>r to come to Jack's house, so
that he could meet her and hive a talK
with her, but Mrs. yon Schmidt would not
zonsettt. Her refusal seemed to affect him
very much, and 1 believe for a fact that
he was really out of his head during the
past two weeks."
The weapon used by Yon Schmidt was a
iirk with a nine-inch blade tapering to a
point. On.- side of the knife ha . an edge
ike a razor. The other was not sharpened.
The pistol he carried and' which he hurled
,_t Mis., Thompson in her flight was an
l_nglish bulldog of modern pattern, forty
four caliber. Then- is little doubt that to
day's tragedy was premeditated.
Yon Schmidt has been In Alameda sev
eral days, and his actions have been those
Df a Wild man. To friends who engaged
n conversation with him he invariably
remarked that he had a private graveyard
jf his own and intended to fill it soon.
The couple leave five children— Rose,
aged 13; Alexis, aged 10; Edward, aged 8;
Harold, aged 5, and a baby boy 2 years
•jld. One of the most pathetic incidents
j_ th.- tragedy was the solicitude of Colo
nel A. W. yon Schmidt for th. welfare of
lis grandchildren thus bereft of parental ,
protection. He hastened to the Welch
residence, where the little ones were be
ing tempo. cared for, -- 'd caressing :
each one did his utmost to soothe them,
remarking the while, ."Never mind, pets,
never mind- You will want for nothing
while Grandpa yon Schmidt lives, and I
Will see that you are cared for after 1 am |
gone."
Colonel yon Schmidt refused to view the
remains of his _on and daughter-in-law.
While the Coroner was removing the
bodies to the morgue wagon the colonel j
gathered the children about him and hur- |
ried away from the place. He carried the |
baby in his arms, and as the old gentle
man passed through the crowd he covered
its face with kisses hat mingled with his
tears. The little ones were taken to the
reside- o£, tho colonel's daughter, Mrs.
Charles L. Tilden, 1525 Chestnut street,
where they will be given a home. Both
Mr. and Mrs. Tilden speak in the highest
terms of the murdered woman. They say
she was a devoted, mother and a good
wife . and never deserved the suspicions
of her husband.
Captain E. A. Yon 'Schmidt was one of
the best known men in California. For
years he was engaged in the dredging
business with his father. Colonel A. VV.
yon Schmidt, the civil engineer. He was
a sea captain, and of late years had been
engaged as a deep-sea pilot for vessels
plying to and from San Francisco. He
was an enthusiastic yachtsman, and
held for several terms the office of com- j
modore of the California Yacht Club. He
Was born in California, and was a mem
ber of Halcyon Pari N. S. G. W., of
this city. He was also connected with the
Masonic fraternity, and was a member
of the Unitarian Club. He was about 45
year! old. He was a man of giant stat
ure, standing C feet 3 inches in his stock
ings. He was -very powerful, and did not
know fear. His greatest fault was a
violent and uncontrollable temper. Mrs.
yon Schmidt was a handsome woman of
very slight build. She wits about S3
years old. Mrs. yon Schmidt was grant
ed a divorce b» Judge Greene on January
4 on the ground of extreme cruelty. She
was awarded the custody of the chidren
• and (76 a month alimony. In his answer
to the complaint Yon Schmidt alleged .
that his wife was a ballet dancer when he
married her, and that her associations in i
lato years with theatrical people was the '
cause of his domestic troubles.
Yon Schmidt appeared in court last
Monday and by his attorney made a mo- '
tion to modify the decree so that he could \
visit his children at his pleasure. Judge
Greene refused his request, stating at the '■
time: "Yon Schmidt, it is 100 to 1 that
if I should allow you to go to your wife's j
house you will commit some act of Im- '
propriety there," Yon Schmidt was per
mitted, however, to have tho custody of
his children twice a month between the
hours of 1:30 and 5 p. m., but he was to
meet them at the door of their home, and j
not pass over the threshold. To-day was
his first visit since the permission was ,
granted. Judge Greene's surmises were
verified. $&£_{<
The inquest will be held on Tuesday
evening at the Alameda Morgue.
- Robert Eagleson declares there has i
never been the least impropriety In his re
lations to Mrs. yon Schmidt. He knew
her. he says, but ho had but little to do
with her after he found out what kind of |
a man she had married.
"I knew Mrs. yon Schmidt when she |
was a Miss Hill," said he last night. "I
used to room with her mother down here i
on Geary street up to two years ago, but :
.1 saw very little of Mrs. yon Schmidt. Her
husband was a jealous, cranky sort of a
man, and I was not so friendly with her ;
as I would have been if he had not been j
so peculiar. .'."-: V.t :.-.' s
"I never had much to do with Yon j
Schmidt. I never -liked him and I never j
could see why his wife stayed with him.
He rnaele life a burden to her, and I do not
poo how she stood it as long as si. did
before she sued for a divorce. He threat
ened to kill her' then, and I don't see why
she did not take warning from his man
ner then. I am only sorry he- did not kill i
himself before ho thought of killing her.
There was nothing in the life of the little :
woman but what was good. She was on .
the stage for a little while, but her hus- i
band need not have feared that she would I
go back to it. . I did send her tickets for \
♦ho thertor ahotlt three weeks ago, but I i
Pears'
' No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it-goes so far.
did not go to the theater with her nor did
I eat lunch with her. She and I were
friends, but. as I say, because of the tem
perament of her husband I had very little
to do with either him or her. I have done
nothing that should connect me with this
case."
Among the yachtsmen of San Fran
cisco bay no figure was more "familiar |
than that of E. A. yon Schmidt. The I
owner of the big boat Cyclone and the |
designer and owner of the yacht Whirl- i
wind, he was largely instrumental in
founding the California Yacht Club and
in encouraging yachting among the deni
zens ox Oakland. The early meetings of
the committeemen of the Oakland navy
wej>i held on the Cyclone. No regatta
on the bay was complete without the
Whirlwind, which seldom was seen
twice rigg»3_ in the same way. Yon
Schmidt's favorite dress or undress was
a pair of blue denim trousers, cut high
above the knee. To this on special oc
casions such as regatta days he added a
bright scarlet undershirt and a big knife.
He was the first' commodore of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club, and was afterward
appointed admiral. The Whirlwind was a
very peculiarly designed craft, built like
a V, with no curving lines at all in her
construction, but handled by Yon Schmidt
she could beat anything of her dimen
sions in the hay. The extreme simplicity
of construction permitted the builder to
add on something to the Whirlwind when
ever he felt so inclined, and there were
really three Whirlwinds, each larger
than its predecessor. It was a sight to
see Yon Schmidt on a breezy day with a
row of small boys— his own children— on ,'
board, lashed together BO that if they
fell overboard they could bo hauled in I
again without difficulty. Among his j
brother yachtsmen Yon Schmidt was
always genial and pleasant. Among |
those who sailed the waters of San Fran- i
cisco bay, whether for pleasure or busi
ness, no figure was more conspicuous or
picturesque than his and few will be more j
missed.
ROOSEVELT TALKS TO
CHICAGO CROWDS
New York's Governor Given a Warm
Welcome in the Western
Metropolis.
CHICAGO, April 9.— Governor Theodore
Roosevelt of New York, who is to be the
guest of honor of the Marquette Club at
its annual Appomattox day banquet to
morrow, arrived in Chicago this evening.
The train bearing the Governor was met
at the suburban station of Englewood by
a reception committee, which was, how
ever, lost in an immense and enthusiastic
crowd that had gathered. The Governor
was forced to come to the platform of his
car and say a few words. From the mo
ment Governor Roosevelt left his car at
the Lake Shore depot, where he was met
by an escort of eight Rough' Riders, to
the doors of his hotel, he was surrounded
and followed by crowds, which Cheered
him every time he moved and shook his
hand till the Governor was forced to de
sist from sheer exhaustion. This evening
Governor Roosevelt was given a dinner
at the Union League Club. Here again
he was given a warm welcome and in
return made a short speech.
A short time previous Governor Robse
velt had dropped the remark that he was
a cog in a political machine himself, but
the sort of a cog that breaks away when
the. machine does not go right. In his
speech he began by advising the seventy
men sitting around the tables to stay out
altogether rather than cast "conscience
votes." >_fc__
"Political life is just like the roof tree
of a house," he said. "There is happi- !
ness and peace in politics. I suppose I
get as much happiness out of it as any
man, but as for peace " and the Gov
ernor paused.
He spoke sarcastically of so-called re
formers, whose agitation in many cases,
he said, helped to elect rogues. Governor
Roosevelt called them the "goo-goos" and :
declared he had reached the point where
it hurt him to have such men identified '
with him.
REALISTIC STABBING
ACT ON THE STAGE
Marie Burroughs Wounds Harold
Russell of the Stuart Eobson
Company.
DENVER, April 9.— Miss Marie Bur
roughs of the Stuart Robson company ac
cidentally stabbed Harold Russell of the
same company in the face at the Broad
way Theater last night. During the third
act of "Two Rogues and a Romance"
Miss Burroughs' part requires thai she
go through the motion of stabbing Mr
Russell. - The scene Is in semi-darkness
and Mr. Russell bent forward as Miss
Burroughs brought the weapon down, re
ceiving a deep wound on the left side of
his face. His injury did "not prevent his
leaving with his company to-day.
MICROBE OF CANCER
HAS BEEN ISOLATED
Dr. Bra of Paris Makes a Discovery
That May Preface Curative
Treatment of the Disease.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
■! 11 Bennett.
PARIS, April 9.— The Figaro announces
that the microbe of cancer has been iso
lated and cultivated by Dr. Bra of Paris
The microbe is an inferior fungus growth
of the family of ascomycetes.
The Figaro says there is reason to hope
that the discovery of Dr. Bra prefaces a
definite curative treatment for cancer.
FAMOUS OCULIST DEAD.
Dr. James B. Gibson Passes Away at
Colorado Springs.
COLORADO SPRINGS. April 9.-Dr.
James B. Gibson, one of the best known
oculists in the West, died in this city
to-night, of tuberculosis of the kidneys.
Dr. Gibson came to this city about three
years ago for the benefit of his health.
He was formerly senior surgeon of the
Manhattan Eye and Ear Hospital in New
York City. He ranked among the fore
most oculists of the country. The funeral
will take place Tuesday morning from his
late residence in this city.
SEAMEN BESCUED.
LONDON, April 9.— News has reached
here that the Danish steamer Nordfarer.
• Captain Brunnleh. from Gaivetson for
• Hamburg, via Norfolk, took off twenty
six men from the French fishing schooner
Eugenic, which foundered at sea. . The
Danish steamer discovered the schooner
in distress and stood by her until the res
cue was effected.
Hallway Employe Killed.
OGDBN, April -Christian Sorenson.
an air tester of the Southern Pacific, was
killed thin morning while making connec
tions between cars on a, passenger train
at tha union depot. He was between two
nl<MD«ni, and aw an engine, Lacked the cars
bis head was caught between the frame
work of th*. platforms. A, bolt wets driven
into his. skull Just above the right ear. Ilk
Jived about nouns.
THE SAN "FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1899.
BOLD ATTEMPT TO DISCOVER
SECRETS OF LIPTON'S YACHT
Two -Englishmen Armed With Skeleton Plans and
fa Camera Visit the Shamrock and Are
Arrested,
Special Cable to The Call and the Hew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
... . : -, .
LONDON, April 9.— Two men were found In Messrs. Thornycroft's Ship- building Yard at- Chiswick this ■
morning,, and the circumstances point to an attempt to discover the design and jealously guarded secrets 3
of the construction of Sir Thomas Lipton'B racing yacht, the Shamrock, which is there building, and §
i ■—■■with which Sir Thomas hopes to bring the America cup back to English waters. - • ;gj
t The two men put out from Hammersmith in a skiff, which they had engaged. overnight on the rather thin 8
excuse of a fishing excursion. After landing just by the side of the Shamrock's slip two officers placed them g
I under arrest. ''-~l ''i\-':-'¥\' rj,
I It was discovered that, in addition to a kodak, they had a supply of ground bait a very attractive char- ft
acter. There was in particular a set of skeleton yacht plans, already marked at points where the dimensions 88
: were to be filled In. They had a_?o certain measuring instruments. g
After spending some hours at the police station the two young fishermen were allowed to go. The films of ft
the camera and the skelton plans were retained. • Although the names are kept. secret, a Daily Mail reporter un- £8
derstands that both the young men are :_nglis.h. This fact, says the -Daily Mail, happily disposes of one still &
more unpleasant explanation which might be suggert-d for an attempt to fathom the Shamrock's secret. ft
V. : -- : '■•;:. : i'_lr-£?4' ; : ' ! ■'*" fe? h ■ B
SiOKOSS OSSOJiO 8808808*0!- 0880880 8-082082 0880820 tfO 8208808S088 0880*80 88O8808S 0880880 880 88088 082088 OBBo*Boil
JUSTICE FIELD IS
SUMMONED TO THE
SILENT MAJORITY
Continued from First Page.
very glad to hear it, for I have a note
of my brother's, David Dudley Field,
here against you," and he thereupon
showed him the note. The man's face
fell, but he had been blowing to such an
extent about making money that he
could not refuse to pay it. He looked
the note over, and ■ then at last, in a
sharp tone, said: "That's my signature,"
and he thereupon paid the full amount
with interest.
Then Field entered Into the practice of
his profession. He was one of the found
ers of Marysville in this State, becom
ing its first alcalde, and continuing as
such until the organization of the judi
ciary under the constitution of the Slate.
At Marysville he had some of the most
thrilling experiences of a stirring career.
At one time Judge Turner swore he
would drive Field into the Yuba River.
Field was advised to buy a shotgun -and
kill Turner on sight. He replied that he
would not, do that, and that he could
only act in self-defense. He bought, how
ever, a couple of revolvers and practiced
firing at a mark by shooting through his
clothes, holding the pistol in his pocket.
He says that he soon acquired consider
able skill, and was able to. hit a small
object across the street. He thinks he
could have hit a man easily, and could
have killed at almost every shot. He
then sent a warning to Turner, saying
that he would not avoid him nor would
he seek any collision with him, but that
if he dared attack him or come near him
in a threatening manner he would kill
him. Judge Turner, upon learning of Mr.
Field's skill with a revolver, did not seek
to carry out his threats. Be was Justice
of the court, however, and he disbarred
Field from practice.
Shortly after this Justice Field was
elected to the Legislature. Here he was
.in such danger that he had to have his
: pistols »always at hand In the drawer of
his desk -in the legislative hall. He also
practiced in courts where every lawyer
carried a pistol or a bowie knife and was
once challenged by a Judge to fight a
duel. He accepted the challenge, and as
he had the choice of weapons stated that
the fight should be held in a room twenty
feet square, each man to have a Colt's
revolver and a bowie knife. The two
principals were to use the revolvers first
and then the bowie knives. To these
terms the challenged party would not
consent and the duel was off. He was
elected a member of the first Legislature
held after the admission of California Into
the Union, served on its Judiciary Com
mittee and secured the passage of laws
concerning the judiciary and regulating
civil and criminal procedure in all the
courts of the State. He was also the
author of the law that gives authority
to the regulations and customs of miners
in the settlement of Controversies among
them, thus solving a perplexing problem.
At the close of that session he returned
to Marysville. and during the ensuing six
years devoted himself to his profession,
gaining an extensive practice.
In 1867 Field was elected Judge of the
Supreme Court of California for six
years, beginning with January, 1858, but
on the occurrence of a vacancy he was
appointed to fill that office in October,
1867. On the resignation of Chief Justice
David S. Terry in September, 1889. Judge
Field succeeded him and continued in of
fice till his appointment to the Supreme
bench of the United States by President
Lincoln in 1863.
In this regard It should be observed
that Judge Field was, with one exception,
the latest surviving occupant of a Fed
eral bench who served under a commis
sion issued by President Lincoln. The ex
ception in this Instance is Judge Henry-
Clay Caldwell of the United States Circuit
Court. _.
Among the prominent decisions In which
he has been concerned was the famous
test oath case, In which he gave the cast
ing vote and wrote the opinion of the
court, annulling the validity of the "iron
clad" oath. His dissenting opinions in
the legal tender cases, in 'the confiscation
cases and in the New Orleans slaughter
house case, also attracted attention.
Judge Field was a member of the Elec
toral Commission in 1877, and voted with
the Democratic minority in the commis
sion on the "Hayes-Tilden contest. :
In 1880 Judge Field was a candidate for
the Presidential nomination before the
Democratic National Convention at Cin
cinnati, and he received on the first ballot
65 votes.
In 1873 he was appointed by the Gover
nor of this State one of a commission to
examine the California code of law3;and
to prepare amendments for the 'sarao for
legislative action. He received the de
gree of LL.D. from Williams College in
1864. and in 1869 was appointed professor
of law in the University of California,
Special interest was lent to- Judge
Field's career by his connection with the
circumstances which culminated in the
death of ex-Judge Terry August 14,-1889.
Justice Field's direct connection with
Terry assumed tangible. form when the
suit of Sarah Althea Hill was filed against
Senator Sharon for divorce -and alimony
aggregating several millions. Terry was
the plaintiff's counsel. A legal entangle
ment took the case to the United States
Circuit Court. During the litigation
Terry married the plaintiff. His interest
in the case was thus intensified by per
sonal Influence. > When Justice Field
rendered the decision defeating the plain
tiff's suit Terry manifested no little re
sentment.
Afterward It was reported that Terry
meditated personal violence toward the
Federal Judge. The United States Mar
shal was officially notified and Instructed
to protect Justice FMd's life against
what jeopardy it might ' be ln. United
States Deputy Marshal Nagle was ap
pointed to accompany the Justice on his
trips through the circuit. .
At Lathrop, while Justice Field was
seated at a table, Terry and his wife en
tered. The story Is that Terry approach
ed the Justice In a menacing manner,
made a motion to, or did. slap him, and
Nagle shot and .killed Terry. The State
courts sought to try the Deputy Marshal,
but tho Federal ' tribunals, by a writ of
habeas corpus, took him from the cus
tody of the local authorities and he was
tried and acquitted of the charge of
murder. . > .
Judge Field has boon one of the most
noted Democrats of the United States.
He has been several times spoken of for
the Preftldency, and yet he held to his
place for years after ho woe entitled to
retirement with full pay because he
would not permit President Cleveland,
also a Democrat, to have the appointment
of his successor. This feeling, grew from
Field's resentment at the thwarting by
Cleveland of the JudS-'B ambition to pre-.
6lde over the court In which he. had so
long, sat as 'a member, *•■ " •' -•:.'--•*.
When Chief Justice Waite died petitions
came in from the.- lawyers from ail parts,
of the country asking that Judge Field
be made Waite's successor. Many of the
legal organizations passed resolution- to
thjs effect, ■ but President Cleveland
stepped aside and chose Melville W. Ful
ler, a Chicago' lawyer. Who had .hardly
achieved a national reputation. This was
a very. bitter pill to Justice Field's friends
and, to the Justice himself. Field never
forgave Cleveland this. Asked, upon one
occasion what had prompted the slight.
he said he had no personal knowledge of
the President's mind in the matter but
that he had understood from a number
of reliable sources that Cleveland at that
time was very anxious for a second nomi
nation. In order to secure this he had
to build up his strength in the Northwest
and in the region about Chicago. A new
Chief Justice was to be appointed, and the
appointment was used to this end. Vilas,
who was then in the. Cabinet, advised
Cleveland that Fuller had many friends
and that he could be of great service to
the administration, and Judge Field was
told that It was for this reason chiefly
that the appointment was made.
On December 1, 1897, Justice Field re
tired from the Supreme bench and was
succeeded by Joseph McKenna of Cali
fornia, at that time Attorney General in
the McKinley Cabinet.
Justice Field tendered his resignation
in April, 1897, to take effect December 1.
The President in his letter of acceptance
of the resignation said: "Upon your re
tirement both the bench and the court
and country will sustain a great loss, but
the high character and ability of your
work will live and long be remembered,
not only by your colleagues but by your
grateful fellow-countrymen."
The Justice made the formal announce
ment of his resignation to his colleagues
on the bench in a long letter sketching
his own and the court's history during
his extended service. In one part ■ he
said: "It is a pleasant thing in my mem
ory that' my appointment came from
President Lincoln, of whose appointees I
am the last surviving. Up to that time
there had been no representative here of
the Pacific Coast. A new empire had
arisen in the West, whose laws were
those of another country. The land titles
were from Spanish and Mexican grants,
both pf which were often overlaid fay the
claims of the first settlers. To bring
order out of this confusion,. Congress
passed an act providing for another seat
on this bench, with the .intention that it
should be. filled by some one familiar with
these conflicting titles and with the min
ing laws of the coast, and as it so hap
pened that I had .tamed the principal of
those laws an.l was, moreover. Chief Jus
tice of California, it was the wish of the
Senators and Representatives of that
State, as well as those from Oregon, that
1 should succeed to the new position. At
their request. Mr. Lincoln sent my name
to the Senate and the' nomination was
unanimously confirmed."
During his incumbency he said he alone
had written 620 opinions, which, with 57
in the Circuit Court and 365 in the Cali
fornia Supreme Court, made up a total
of 1042 cases decided by him during his
life. He took issue with the styling of
the court as an aristocratic feature of a
republican government, and said- it was
the most democratic of all. '"It carries,"
he wrote, "neither the purse nor the
sword, but it possesses the power of de
claring the law. and that is found the
safeguard which keeps the whole mighty
fabric of government from rushing to
destruction."
The court replied in a very feeling let
ter, and later called in a body and bade
him farewell. Since his retirement he has
lived quietly In his old Washington home
facing the Capitol grounds.
FUNERAL SERVICE OVER
SIX VICTIMS OF FIRE
Members .of the Andrews and St.
John. Families Interred at
New York.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The funeral serv
ices over the remains of the members of
the family of Wallace C. Andrews and G.
C. St. John, who perished in Friday
morning's fire, were held at the Fifth
avenue homo of the Andrews family this
afternoon. From 1 o'clock until after the
funeral cortege had started on Its way to
the Grand Central station, two hours
later, Fifth avenue in the vicinity of the
Andrews home was choked by a surging
and curious crowd. Fifty policemen kept
the immense throng in order.
The caskets containing the remains of
the dead, six in all, were placed in the
back parlor of the palatial residence and
arranged in the shape of a crescent.. In
the center was the casket containing the
remains of Mrs. St. John; on either side
of her and a little to the rear were those
of her two baby sons, Wallace and Or
son. On the outside, to. the right of Mrs.
St. -John's casket, , was that of Mr. An
drews, while on the other side was that of
his wife. At the foot of his mother's cof
fin was that of Frederick St. John. All
of the caskets were almost hidden by
flowers.
There were no ceremonies save the ora
tion delivered by Professor Adler of the
Ethical Culture Society, nor was there
any music. All was plain and simple, in
accordance with 'the wishes of Mr. St.
John. At the conclusion of the services
the caskets were taken to Woodlawn
Cemetery by a special train. The pall
bearers were Russel Sage, General Bur
nett, Colonel Robert _. Ingersoll James
W. Hawes, W. S. Hitchcock. C. E. Orvis
Mr. Williams, Senator T. C. Piatt, Horace
A. Hutchlns and S. A. Ford.
MISSIONARY SCHOONER
LOST DURING A GALE
The Eobert W. Logan Driven Ashore
on an Island in the South
Pacific.
NEW YORK April ..-The American
Board of Commlsisoners for Foreign Mis
sions has just received news of the loss
of the schooner Robert W. Logan, one of
the missionary, fleet of the board, in the
South Pacific, on November 30 last.
The Robert W. Logan was of fifty tons
burden, built in San Francisco* in 1895 to
replace a vessel of the same name, which
was lost at sea. The new Logan was on
duty among the Mlcroneslan Islands last
November. She was caught in a gale while
cruising in the Mortlock group, and wal
driven ashore in the Satoan lagoon. No
lives were lost. The passengers and sail
ors were carried on a trading schooner to
Ruk, 1(0 miles distant, a few days later
GLASSWARE DAT.
■ Boms *rtlel«« cut «0 per oent. • '
.. Some articles cut BO per cent.
■ ODDS AND ENDS. HALF 'PRICE. .
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
JBtorts Everywhere. .-
LAWTON'S
EXPEDITION
UNDER WAY
Continued from First Page.
shine, whose lines extend from
the beach near Malate, south of
Manila, to the shore of Laguna
de Bai, beyond' Pasig, a distance
of about seven miles.
The withdrawal of the eigh
teen . companies constituting
the expeditionary force made a
gap in the line from the beach to
Culiculi, just southwest of San
Pedro Macate, which was subse
quently filled by the Fourth Reg
ular Infantry. ' - -
The rebels on the extreme
right had evidently been in
formed of the withdrawal of the
troops and they attempted to
sneak through after nightfall, but
were met with, a warm reception
and fell back in disorder on dis
covering that the line was still
intact.
LAWTON EXPECTED- TO <: r^
CAPTURE SANTA CRUZ
WASHINGTON,. April The War
Department authorities look for im
portant news from Manila to-morrow
announcing, in all probability, the cap
ture of- the city of Santa Cruz, a lead
ing town in a country as yet untouched
by the American forces and now in the
hands of the Filipino forces. No re
port of the movements of General Law
ton's men has been made to the War
Department, but the Associated Press
announcement occasioned no surprise,
for the move is looked upon as one of
the natural steps in General Otis' care
fully laid plans against the insurgents.
Santa Cruz is a place of considerable
importance in several respects. It Is
the capital of the Province- of La Guna.
and has a population, according to the
best available information here, of con
siderably more than 13.000 persons.
It is regarded as likely that General
Lawton already has gained possession
of this stronghold, for it is but a short
distance over the bay lagoon, a fresh
water sea, which comes almost up to
Manila itself, which is forty-eight miles
away from Santa Cruz. The details
of the dispatch show General Lawton
in essaying the formation of squads of
twelve men each, which will make a
thorough reconnoissance o. the ground
before making a definite attack upon
the city. It is felt here that there will
be only a show of resistance by the
natives, and whether they actually sur
render the town or abandon it to the
southward, the campaign against the
place will serve as an object lesson of
the determined policy of our forces in
the island.
Santa Cruz is apparently an opening
wedge for the country beyond. From
it leads highways in all directions,, to
Manila by going around the shores of
the bay lagoon, and to the important
point of Batangas and the well ad
vanced Province of Tayabaz, whose
capital city is located ninety-two miles
from Manila, General Lawton, how
ever, may not contemplate any ma
terial advance beyond Santa Cruz at
this time, as the region to the south Is
a very broken country, ' covered with
mountains and the rainy season is com
ing on, so that his purpose may be
merely to gain an advantage of our po
sition for the future.
— » — _
SOLDIERS' DEATH FROM
WOUNDS AND DISEASE
; WASHINGTON, April The follow
ing cablegram from* General Otis was
received to-day:
MANILA, April 9.— Adjutant General
Washington: Casualties not heretofore'
reported: ■ -.. ; ..
March 25— Killed: Third Infantry, Com
pany G, Privates John Ingham Nelson;
Company H, Thomas P. Morris.
Wounded: Second California Artillery
Company D, Private Lionel Sturman'
arm, slight; Third Infantry, Company f'
Privates Jack Hamilton, leg. slight'
Company M, Joseph Slack, arm. -slight-
John McCullough, arm, slight; John W*
Parrott, foot, slight: Joseph D. Sweet'
heel, severe; First Montana, Company g'
Private John T. McLaughlin,' hand'
slight; Twentieth Kansas, Company g'
Private Wesley Mathews, about eyes'
slight; Company X, George Myer, ab
domen, slight; Twenty-seventh Infantry.
Company B, Lawrence Page, foot, slight
March 29: Band, Cortland Fleming, ab
domen;'severe.' „c
March 26: First Washington, Company
X, Private Thomas L.' Monroe, scalp and
hand,' alight.
March 28: ..Tenth Pennsylvania, Com
pany X, Sergeant Frank Sharp, ab
domen, severe; ' Company D, Private.
ULYSSES THE THIRD IS
HURT IN BUYS' BATTLE
Candidates for West Point Fight With Village
Boys and Young Grant Is Among
the Injured.
m WEST POINT, N. T.. April 9.— A fierce battle occurred at Highland B
? Falls at a late -hour last night between candidates for admission to
V West Point as cadets on the one side and boys of the village on the other. x
0 The- candidates are attending the or, paratory, schoc at Highland Falls, ©
X prior to being examined at West Point next June for admission to the g
© academy. There were about thirty of them In the light, but they were _.
A outnumbered three to one by the boys of the town. The trouble began ©
¥ with a hand-to-hand encounter and the crowd soon increased to such an 4.
? extent that stone throwing took the place of fists. ©
> Several of the candidate's were more or less injured, the most seri- +
© ously being U. S. Grant 111. - appointed at large by the President. ©
+ Young Grant was assisted to his auarters at the Cranston Hotel. Many ' +
© of the boys of the town were also badly used up. The -^rvices of all the
jfc doctors in town were required to dress the wounds of the injured. Hos- £
+ tilities continued for nearly an hour -■£
■>©♦©♦© 4© ♦ O ♦ O ♦ O -KHO +o+o+ O +©+©>o>o+o ♦© + © ♦ CHO-KHO+B
Charles Razenrekel. leg, Blight; First
South Dakota, Company C, Private Guy
P. Davis, hand, slight; Company L,
Private John Rogers, back, severe.
March 21: Utah Artilery,- Company B.
Private John P. Pender, thigh, severe;
Company H, Private A. J. Borderwine,
Fifty-first lowa, missing.
Following deaths have occurred since
last report:
March 31: Jacob Bomberger, private,
Company H. Fifteenth- Infantry, gun
shot wound, accidental. April 4: George
B. Farmer, private. Company F, First
Washington, dysentery.
From wounds in action— April 1: Frank
G. Armstrong, assumed name, real name
Frank O'Keefe, corporal, Company C,
Twenty-third Infantry; Leonard F. Phil
lippl, corporal. Company G. First Colo
rado. April 2: William Marshall, pri
vate, Company D, First Montana; April
4: Arthur H. Vlckers, first sergeant. j
Company F, First Nebraska. April 6: i
Joseph J. Motz, private, Company X,
Third Artillery; William E. House, pri- ;
vate, band. Twenty-third Infantry; Wil
liam Tuffts, private, Company F, Fourth j
Cavalry. : OTIS.
MANY UNFIT FOR
IMMEDIATE SERVICE
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
ON BOARD THE UNITED STATES
ARMY TRANSPORT GRANT, SINGA
PORE, M/irch The officers of the de
tachment of troops which the Grant is
hurrying to reinforce the American
army at Manila make no secret of the
fact that their men are not fit fdr im- !
mediate service. Hardly 25 per cent of
the Fourth infantry and the battalion j
of the Seventeenth on board the Grant i
are veterans. The others are recruits, J
all of whom were enlisted within two
months of sailing from Nw- York and j
some of whom were taken in during !
the last day or. t two. Their drill has
been limited to what the small deck |
space of a crowded transport will allow,
and during the first month of the voy- I
age it amounted to little more than
"setting up" exercises.
Save for the recurrence of Cuban
fever, which frequently attacks even
veterans, the physical condition of the
troops is excellent. . '..',*
SPANISH SHALL BE T^V
';.- THE OFFICIAL LANGUAGE
MADRID, April 9. — The following
dispatch from Manila is published
here: , ~'-.fr .."'
Aguinaldo has issued a decree direct
ing that the Spanish shall be
the official language throughout the
archipelago, and protesting against the
American pretension to force the use of
English on the natives who do not
know it.
DEWEY A SAILOR,
NOT A POLITICIAN
j NEW YORK, April Admiral Dewey
has given to the Manila correspondent
! of Leslie's Weekly an interview regard
! ing the suggestion that the admiral be
j made a candidate for the Presidency
' next year. The admiral said as to his
| politics: ( .
"I am a sailor. A sailor has no poli
. tics. The administration is his party,
1 and, Republican or Democratic, : it
makes no difference. Then, again, I
come from Vermont, and ' you know
what that means.. To be anything but
a Republican .in Vermont is to be a
man without a party. My flag lieuten
ant comes from Georgia. He tells me
that to be anything but a Democrat in
the South- is to be a nobody. If I lived
South 1 would probably be a Demo
crat."
"Have you ever voted?" the corre
spondent asked.
"Yes, years ago; but my vote was
usually Influenced by personal prefer
ence or local conditions. I am not a
politician, have never held political
office and am totally ignorant of party
i intricacies or affiliation-."
Admiral Dewey said that neither by
vocation, disposition, education nor
training was he capacitated to rill the
Presidency. He said that he was too
well along in life to consider such a
possibility. His health would not admit
of it. All his life's work .was in differ
ent lines of effort, and that while the
kindness and enthusiasm of his friends
were grateful to him and the generous
tributes of the American people were
dear to him, he could not and would
not be a candidate for the Presidency
of the United States under any condi
tions. .■„■' : ', ;: ' ■■ ■
The Raleigh at Bermuda.
BERMUDA, , April 9— The cruiser
Raleigh arrived at 10:30 o'clock this
morning. All on board are .well.
PITCHED BATTLE IN A
SOUTH CAROLINA TOWN
One Man Killed and Three Wounded
in a Eight Between Two
Factions.
' BRUNSON,' S. C, April 9.— pitched
battle was fought in the streets here late
last night between James Preacher,
Charlie Preacher and Aaron Preacher,
brothers, on one side, and George Ried,
Mack. Ried, James Ried, brothers, and
Joseph Connelly on , the other. George
Ried - was killed. Mack Ried fatally
wounded and Joseph. Connelly seriously
and James Preacher slightly wounded.
Bad blood had existed between the two
factions for some time. The Preachers
are sons-in-law of ' Colonel Lawrence W.
Youmans,' the largest planter in this sec
tion. "" " ' _ '
COUNTY: COUNCIL ELECTIONS
Three Hundred Nationalists Chosen
in Ireland.
DUBLIN.'ApriI 9.— Returns received last
night from the Irish County Council elec
tions show that 800 Nationalists, eighty
throe Unionists, one Labor candidate and
one Liberal-have beon returned. ,
The Earl of Dunraven' and- Mount Earl,
Baron Molteagle of Brandon and Baron
Emly, Unionists, were elected in the Lim
erick district.
The results of the elections in a few
places will not be known until to-morrow.
GRIEF HASTENS DEATH.
Demise of- William Whist, a Veteran
Journalist, at Denver.
DENVER, April 9.— William Whist, well
known in newspaper and Grand Army, cir
cles in the West, died here this afternoon,
aged 64. Grief over the loss of his wife,
who died yesterday, is thought to have
hastened his end. Mr. Whist was born in
Plppe-Detmold, Germany, where his
father married while acting as American
Consul. At the time of his death ,Mr.
Whist was editor of the Denver Herald
and had served in the same capacity on
the old Journal. He served in the com
missary .department during the war and
was a prominent member of the Grand
Array of the Republic.
EN BOUTE TO HONOLULU.
Artillerists to Arrive in. San Fran
cisco To-Day.
LOS ANGELES, April Five tourist
cars and a Pullman car, comprising a
special train bearing Battery A, 120 men
strong, of the Sixth Artillery, Unite-
States army, passed through Los Angeles
this afternoon en route to Honolulu via
San Francisco, where the regiment is to
do. garrison duty. Battery A comes from
San Augustine, Fla., where it had been
garrisoned. It is commanded by Captain
F. Marsh, who has with him his mother,
wife and. child. The only other officer or
the train was Lieutenant Banta, asslstani
surgeon. United States army, who is go
ing to the Philippines.
victim: OF APPENDICITIS.
Ex-Senator Tabor of Colorado at th«
Point of Death.
DENVER, April 9.— Ex-United Statei
Senator H. A. W. Tabor of Colorado is at
the point of death at the Windsor Hote!
in this city. He was attacked by appendi
citis several days ago. Because of his ad
vanced age his physicians have decided
that an operation would be fatal and thai
he has a better chance for recovery with
out it.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Trust Not to
Appearances/
That which seems hard to
bear may be a great blessing.
Let us take a lesson from the
rough weather of Spring. It
is doing good despite appear-
ances. Cleanse the system
thoroughly; rout out all
impurities from the blood
with that greatest specific, *
Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Instead of sleepless nights, with con-
sequent irritableness and an undone,
tired feeling, you will have a tone and a
bracing air that will enable you to en-
ter into every day's work with pleasure
Remember, Hood's never disappoints^
Goitre —"Goitre was so expensive it
medical attendance that I let mine go,
It made me a perfect wreck, until I tool
Hood's Sarsaparilla, which entirely cured
me." MRS. THOMAS JONES, 120 Sout.
St., Utica, N. T. .' >..
Running Sores— years ago mj
affliction came, a running sore on my leg
causing me great anguish. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla healed the sore, which has nevei
returned." MRS. A. W. BARRETT, 31
Powell Street, Lowell, Mass.
Dyspepsia— many years I sufr
fered with dyspepsia. I resorted to Hood'i
Sarsaparllla and Its continued use entire,
ly cured me." HARRY L. MORRIS, 10(
Mulberry Street, Newark, N. J.
"Through the blessing of Got!
Hood Sarsaparilla and Hood's Pilli
cured me of grip and the after weakness
My heart and nerves were badly affected
but am now strong and hearty, doing aE
my housework. I have been a walking
advertisement for Hood's among mj
neighbors." . MRS. MARY M. MESSEN-
GER, Freehold, Pa.
Catarrh— "l suffered twelve years wit-
eczema. Tried different medicines and
physicians with only temporary relief
Finally took Hood's Sarsapnrilla and
Hood's Pills patiently for six months, and
am entirely cured." D. J. MURR, U. S
Pension Office, Indianapolis, Ind. ■ - '• v
Erysipelas— "A running sore on mj-'
limb developed into erysipelas. The faith-
ful use of Hood's Sarsaparilla accom-
plished a cure. I am stronger than ever."
MRS. W. KANE, Media, Pa.
:^^__^-_^^^ .
Hood's Pills cure liver Ills; the non-irritating
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parillaV- 7* .
STUDEBAKER'S,
MARKET AND TENTH STS.
jxjst -FLBCEJIVEIID-
PNEUMATIC TIRED ROAD WAGONS
AND ' SURREYS,
Latest ' styles. ■ best of work, strictly up to
date. In addition to this new work we are
making- greatly reduced prices on a large line
of high-grade Surreys, Road Wagons and Bug-
gies. Best of repair -work on short notice.
FASCINATING |||£
COMPLEXIONS^**
That soft, smooth, rose-tinted *_?*_?» £r i
complexion so much desired can ' NZjg**^ A
be obtained by the use of WOODBURY'S Facial
Boap and Facial Cream. They possess marvel-
ous power for brightening the color, g-ivina
new life and tone to the skin; -*»uti-U__ aril
t>?«_rv-i___j_ia _QJtt_lc_io_-. ■ *-**,<*FATAL FLOODS
ALONG THE BANKS
OF YELLOWSTONE
Overflow Causes the Drowning of
Over a Dozen Persons and
Great Property Loss.
THE DEAD.
MRS. S. W. SNYDER.
MISS NELLIE REGAN.
EUGENE F. O'CONNOR.
MISS ROSE WYBECHT.
GLENDIVE. Mont., April 9.— Mrs. S.
IV. Snyder, Eugene F. O'Connor, her
srother, her niece, Miss Nellie Reagan,
md a visitor, Miss Rose Wybecht. lost
'.heir lives last night while trying to
•each the Northern Pacific Railroad
/.racks near their ranch, half a mile
ibove Glendive, during the overflow of
he Yellowstone River, which was filled
n-ith ice.
The fifth member of the party, Joseph
Myers, was rescued from a tree this
norning at 5 o'clock by several daring
men. who risked their own lives to save
ilm.
The party of five left the ranch to
reach the track, but before they cov
ered half the distance the water Avas
vaist deep, and they were assisted to a
:ree by Myers getting up first and
-■•Connor assisting from below. ©'Cen
nor was the first to be washed from the
:ree, Mrs. Snyder secor " and Miss Wy
t>echt third. A huge piece of ice struck
he tree and broke it in two. carrying
>ff Miss Reagan.
When Myers found the tree was fall
ng, he jumped onto a piece of ice. and.
king he would haA-e to swim, re
noved his shoes and outer clothine.
Finding no opportunity to reach the
jigh land by swimming. he grasped the
Srst tree he came to and climbed ,into
:he ranches. After seven hours' ex
josure In his under garments he was
:aken from the perilous position and
6 noAV rapidly improving.
Another neighbor remained on a roof
.ntll daylight this morning, Avhen he
jot Into a canoe and paddled ashore.
It is thought the family of James
Sullivan Avith fiA-e or six children
acre swept away by the overflow, as
jo trace of them can be found.
The ice began moving at 7:50 o'clock
n the evening and continued until
1:30, when it gorged. During this time
:he ice demolished tA\o of the ice
jreaks in front of the piers of the steel
ivagoh bridge over the river at Glen
live. When the gorge broke it took
h<- combination span over the slough
>n the Avest side of the bridge, break
ng it into kindling wood. It was dur
ng the gorge that . the four persons
.vith Myers were droAvr. '.
The loAvlands along the rK-er for
r.iles are under water and ice and the
Northern Pacific track Avas flooded for
. half-mile west of town. Hundreds of
Ivestock Avere 9wept away by the over
low. Meager reports from above and
>elo\v toAvn are slow in coming in and
here is no knowing what damage will
.suit.
The usual wild rumors are afloat as
:o heavy loss of life, but the latest re
WARLIKE TALK
OF THE GERMANS
Act of Kautz Consid
ered an Insult.
ATTITUDE OF THE KAISER
DECLARES NEW GOVERNMENT
IN SAMOA ILLEGAL.
Sentiment in the Empire Favors a
Demand Being Made Upon the
1 United States for
Satisfaction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 10.— Berlin cor
espondent of the Standard says: After
•eceiving Mr. White, the United States
issador, and Sir Frank Lascelles,
British Embassador, last week and ex
jlalnir.g to them Germany's attitude
'egarding Samoa, Emperor William
rent Instructions to the German Era
>assadors in London and Washington
a the general effect that Germany con
ilders the neAv government in Samoa
Ik-Ral and the action of the British and
Americans a clear violation of the Sa- j
■loan act.
The import of the behavior of Admiral
_autz toward the German cruiser Falke
las given umbrage throughout the em
pire, and it Is considered certain that.
f lie report is' confirmed, the United
states will readily admit Germany's
nght to satisfaction and will repair
\dmiral Kautz' errors. It is hoped,
lowever, that the accounts are exag
ftrf.ted. ":
BERLIN, April The National Zeit
ing, d.scussing the situation at Samoa,
leclares that all changes which have
) 'luted there since the middle of
ll arch are invalid, and that the eondl
lOns established by the Joint proclam.t
--:lon of the consuls on January 4 are
(till legally in force. While admitting
he- "amicable attitude of the American
-overnment." the National Zeltung
lays: vi :
"It must remain undecided for the
>resent whether Admiral Kautz has as
lailed the honor of the German flag. It
his should prove to have been the case
eve have the fullest confidence in the
tbility of the Government not inly to
ceep the actual solution of the Samoan
[uestion in view, but also to secure ide
luate satisfaction for the moral in
erests of the German empire."
WELLINGTON, N. Z., April 9.— The
mperial Government has accepted the
jffer of the Colonial Secretary to dis
patch a boat to Samoa, but the troop 3
>ffercd are not required.
v Thomas J. Havemeyer Dies.
• NEW FORK, April 9.— Thomas J. Have
aaeyer died this morning at his home in
JAMES SUi-LIVAN.
MRS. JAMES SULLIVAN.
SIX SULLIVAN CHILDREN.
SEVERAL MISSING.
ports received here indicate the total
number drowned will not exceed fif
teen, twelve known, and three possibly.
The property loss will not exceed $200.
--000, largely livestock and outbuildings.
The giving way of the bridge caused
the gorge to pass harmlessly down the
river with comparatively small dam
age.
ANACONDA. Mont., April Spe
cials to the Standard from various
parts of Montana show that the recent
chinook has made raging torrents of
most of the rivers, in many cases break
ing all records. The Yellowstone has
caused the greatest loss of life and
property. Ice jams have backed the
water up at Glendive and Miles City,
where the greatest damage has been
done.
At Miles City the ice jammed at the
mouth of Tongue River, forcing the
water back until the entire south side
of the city was under water. Seventy
five houses had to be abandoned, the
people haAing to be rescued in boats,
so quick had been the rise of the water.
Later in the afternoon the water broke
over the track into Main street, which
ran a torrent.
Dynamite has been used and it is
supposed the wash is over. The loss
cannot yet be estimated.
Washouts are reported all along the
Northern Pacific and passenger trains
are stalled all along the line, but the
details are slow In coming In.
TWELVE PERSONS
HAVE PERISHED
ANACONDA, Mont., April 9.— A spe
i cial to the Standard from Glendive.
Mont., says: Later elopments to
day found eight more persons who were
victims of the overflew, making
twelve in all. They comprised the en-
I tire family of James Sullivan, wife and
, six children, whose residence was 200
I yards from the nearest point of the
; YelloAvstone River. When Sheriff
i Aiken and Charles Parker crossed the
! river amid floating ice, they found the
j Sullivan residence with doors and win
i dows open and the entire family dead
I in the room.
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 9.— A 'special
from Glendive, Mont., to the Pioneer
Press says: Twel\'e persons are known
to have been victims of the overflow
caused by the ice in the- Yellowstone
River below Glendive Friday night.
Ten bodies haA-e so far been recovered
and searchers expect to find the other
tAvo to-morrow.
Throggs Neck, N. V., aged 53 years, of
hemorrhage of the brain. He was a
brother of Henry O. and Theodore A.
Havemeyer and was formerly In partner
ship in the sugar business with them.
Three years ago he retired from business,
owing to ill health.
PROSPECTS BETTER FOR
WAR THAN PEACE
Diplomats Say That the Czar Is Pre-
paring For the Crash That
Seems Inevitable.
NEW YORK. April 9.— A special to the
I Sun from Washington says: The forth
coming conference at The Hague over the
• Czar's proposal to suspend further mill
i tary armament of the nations is a topic
. of frequent discussion among members of
i the diplomatic corps at Washington. The
| general opinion is that nothing definite
will come of the conference. One prominent
diplomat thinks the time is most Inoppor
tune, believing the prospects are much
better for a general war than for unl-
A-ersal peace.
"Each day's news," he says, "makes a
war more probable, and when one does
come It will be a big one. I am unable
to see why the nations should accept In
all seriousness the proposition for peace
from such a madman as the Czar of Rus
sia is well known to be. Why, eA-en while
making his protestations for peace he Is
using every means to increase his war
power, so when the crash that he well
knows is inevitable and which he Is try
ing to ward off does come Russia will be
able to hold her own, at least."
SEVEN DAYS' SESSION
OF THE THEOSOPHISTS
Nearly Every Country On the Globe
Will Be Represented at Point
Lorn a.
SAN DIEGO, April The Congress of I
Universal Brotherhood will convene next '
Thursday for a seven days' session at the I
site of the School for the Revival of the :
Lost Mysteries of Antiquity on Point j
I.oma. The leader and official head of |
this organization arrived here yesterday. ]
The features of. the seven days' session I
will comprise the rededlcatlon of the
School for the Study of the Lost Mys
teries of Antiquity. There will be the '
presentation of the philosophy of the
organization by prominent speakers from
almost every country on the globe. A I
special train with 200 people left New |
York and Boston on Thursday last with '
delegates to the congress. There will also
be a Wagner festival and an open-air j
presentation of the famous Greek play j
"Eumenldes."
Death of Troops in Cuba.
WASHINGTON. April 9. — General
Brooke has cabled the following, death j
report from Cuba to the War Depart- j
ment:
"HAVANA, April B.— Adjutant General, j
Washington: Death report, 6th and 7th: I
Puerto Prlncipea— Private Fisher. Com- I
pany F. Eighth Cavalry, typhoid; Pri- i
vate Benjamin G. Dlckerson. Company C. |
Fifteenth Infantry, malaria: Corporal
Clark Ever*. Company F, Eighth Cay- |
alry, typhoid." -
Hobart Slightly Better.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Vice Presi- |
dent Hobart is slightly better to-day, but
is not yet out of bed. He Is slowly gain- |
ing strength. His progress, however, it is
admitted. Is riot as rapid as had been
hoped for and he continues very seriously
111. v;'.
Shafter at Washington.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Major Gener-
| al Shaft or, accompanied by his aid, ar
; rived here this afternoon from California
I to testify before the court of Inquiry into
the beef charges. haA-lng been summoned
I here for this purpose.
THE SA-ST "JTK AJN UISUU UAI_Ij, M<J_NJJi_l, AJr-ItIJU IV, IVY V.
MEMBERS OF THE FRENCH COURT OF CASSATION.
END OF DREYFUS
AFFAIR IN SIGHT
Thus Declares Premier
Dupuy.
RESTS WITH THE COURT
PUNISHMENT TO BE METED TO
THE GUILTY.
French Government Reiterates Its
Intention to Repress All Pole
mics Which Assail the
Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦+♦*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
PARIS April 9.— The testimony
of General Billot, former Minis
ter of War, before the Court of
Cassation in the Dreyfus case,
as published in the Figaro, Avas
mainly of a negative character
and did not contain any neAv
facts, except the assertion that
the brothers of Dreyfus told Gen
eral Sandherr on December 13,
1894,- that they were ready to
offer their whole fortune for the
discovery of the real culprit.
This was the beginning of the
Dreyfus campaign taken up by
Colonel Picquart.
♦♦♦++++++++♦+♦+♦
PARIS, April 9.— Premier Dupuy, in
the course of an important speech to
his constituents to-day at Le Puy, said
the situation both at home and abroad
was eminently satisfactory.. He referred
approvingly to the recent agreements
Avith Italy and Great Britain and said
France Avas "now free for industrial
and commercial development and a
large field of colonizing." Reverting to
home affairs, he said:
"The agitations are only on the sur
face. Beneath are calm, industry and
security. The end of the Dreyfus af
fair appears to be in sight and the com
plication Avill be unraveled by the
Court of Cassation, whose judgment
will be acknoAvledged by all. .
"The Government, hoAvever, attaches
Importance to reiterating its determina
tion to repress all polemics which call
the national army into question. As
soon as the . Court of Cassation has
given judgment the Government will
take the necessary measures to deter
mine responsibilities and will act ac
cordingly, if that should be necessary,
but these acts and the punishment of
individual faults will not affect the
army, Avhich is our hope for the future
and the Indispensable guardian of the
constitution and the laAV.
"If certain. people think otherwise let
us leave them to their despicable folly
and for ourselves continue to look to
ward the army, full of gratitude and
confidence."
Continuing its publication of the eA-i
--dence given before the Court of Cassation
in the Dreyfus case, the Figaro gives to
day the depositions of General Zurlinden,
Military Governor of Paris, and General
Chanolne, formerly War Minister.
General Zurlinden deposed that when he
etnered the Cabinet last autumn he knew
nothing of the Dreyfus affair, but the sui
cide of Lieutenant Colonel Henry pro
voked him to study the dossier, which
convinced him that Dreyfus was justly
condemned. Therefore the documents In
the dossier proved, he declared, that the
traitor belonged to the general staff.
There was no malice in the designation of
the culprit, and therefore the legend of
the "entrapped Jew", must be set aside.
General Zurlinden proceeded to show
by technical details that the particulars
Indicated in the bordereau were highly
Important to a foreign nation. With ref
erence to the phrase, " am going to the
maneuvers." in the bordereau, he said the
military students were wont to attend the
maneuvers, but on August 27. 1?94, the day
to which the phrase In the bordereau re
ferred, they did not attend. This fact, he
said, he regarded as having great bearing
on the dlscoA-ery of the author of the
bordereau.
Proof of the culpability of Dreyfus, he
Insisted, existed outside the depositions
of Lieutenant Colonel Henry and Colonel
Paty dv Clam, and he appealed to the
court to reject revision, which, he said,
he would have demanded himself in the
name of .the army if he had or did have
the slightest doubt of the guilt of Drey
fus. He knew nothing, he asserted, of
the relations between Comte Esterhazy,
Lieutenant Colonel Henry and Colonel
Sanherr, or of the communication of
secret documents to the court-martial ln
189*. nor had he any knowledge respect
ing the correctness of such rumors. In
conclusion he remarked that the whole
army wished the fullest light to be
thrown upon the affair.
General Chanoine testified that he had
examined all the dossiers placed at his
disposal, and that these, in his judgment,
established the culpability of Dreyfus.
He also deposed that he had spoken on
the subject with many persons who were
acquainted with the circumstances of the
trial in 1594. ___-
SWEDEN AND NORWAY'S
TENSION OF RELATIONS
Incidents That Indicate the Bad Feel-
ing Between the Two
Countries.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
STOCKHOLM, April The tension v of
the relations between Sweden and Nor
way is Indicated by the following inci
dents:
During the Crown Prince's recent visit
to Christianla he invited the members of
the Chambers to dinner at the Royal
Castle. About sixty of them rudely re
turned the Invitations. The Crown Prlnco
was naturally highly offended, and spoke
Indignantly of their act, which, to say
the least, was ungentlemanly.
The Swedish Minister of War, as usual,
asked the permission of his Norwegian
colleague to delegate a couple of officers
to attend the autumn maneuvers In Nor
way. To the surprise of all here the per
mission was refused.
The Crown Princess is suffering from
Inflammation in her eyes, and her doctors
have forbidden reading.
ENDS HIS LIFE IN
AN OMAHA HOTEL
Suicide of a Man Who Registered as
A. J. Smith of Salt
Lake.
OMAHA, Nebr., April 9.— A. J. Smith,
registering at the Millard Hotel from
Salt Lake City, committed suicide in his
room this morning. The man was dis
covered at 5:30 o'clock by a chambermaid,
who saw Smith lying on the bed, dressed.
At his side, on a chair, .was a small bot
tle of chloroform and a package of cya
nide of potassium, part of the contents
having been ; used.
On a small table In the room were three
letters— one to the hotel proprietor, In
closing money to pay his bill and I con
taining instrucuons for the disposition
of his body and e.-ects. The second/ was
directed to the Omaha Medical College,
bequeathing his body to that Institution.
The third letter was a brief one to the
chambermaid of the hotel. Inclosing a
tip of $1 for taking care of his room. --.
On Saturday morning the Chief of Po
lice received a telegram from W. A. Sny
der of Fort Collins. Colo., asking if A. J.
Smith had killed himself at one of the ho
tels. An inA'.estigatlon failed to reA-eal
any such person. Nothing more was
heard about the matter until this morn
ing, when Smith's dea... was reported.
SLOOP GOES DOWN
WITH FOUR ABOARD
Small Craft Wrecked Between Mai-
colm and Vancouver Islands
2'- v. During a Storm.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 9.— George
Schnoeter, otherwise known as "Dutch
George," was here to-day and boarded
the Umatilla for San Francisco. He is
the sole survivor of a shipwreck between
Malcolm and Vancouver Islands on the
17th ult. The sloop on which he and Tom
Hackett of Seattle had been selling
liquor to the northern Indians was lost
In a storm while all on board were In
toxicated. .The drowned included Hack
ett. an Irish logger known only by his
first name, Charlie, and two half-breed
women. It Is supposed that it was the
wreckage of this craft that was mistaken
for that of the yacht Thistle, the latter
craft, with her party, being safe at Al
bert Bay. . *$BgEti
Senator Teller Improving.
DENVER, April 9.— United States Sen
ator M. ; Teller has been quite ill with
fever, resulting from a severe cold con
tracted Avhlle in Chicago, but It Is an
nounced that the crisis has been passed
and that he will be able to be out again
In a few days.
RABBI SCKULMAN
AGAINST ZIONISM
Vigorously Attacks the
Movement.
IS REPUGNANT TO JUDAISM
THE SCHEME DECLARED TO BE
VISIONARY.
Proposed Establishment of an Inde
pendent Hebrew State in Pales
tine Denounced as
Repugnant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 9.-Rev. Samuel
Schulman, associate rabbi of Temple
Beth-El, delivered a vigorous attack
this morning upon the Zionistic move
ment. The movement alms at the es
tablishment of an Independent HebreAv
state in Palestine in order to express
the unity of the Hebrew nationality.
In the beginning of his discourse the
rabbi described the scattering of He
brews over the civilized world after the
destruction of the second temple by the
Romans, the persecutions in the middle
ages and the benificent effects Avhich
the French revolution had in • giving
recognition to the Hebrews and protect
ing them by legislation. The result has
been that the Hebrews felt that any
part of the Avorld could be their coun
try and they could love It Avith the nat
ural attachment of one born on its soil.
Continuing, Dr. Schulman said:
"To the occidental Jew, thus dena
tionalized, a great surprise has come
in the movement which has been agi
tated during the last two years, which
Is knoAvn as Zionism.,- Providence has
taught us during the last hundred years
not to go back further into the past;
that the best field for developing the
JeAvish spirit to its full poAvers and to
do our mission adequately ln the world
is in Europe and America, Avhere JeAV
ish genius is to be married to non-JeAV
ish culture. v " .l"'
"The purpose of the movement to re
establish JeAvish nationality is not only
visionary, but it is repugnant to Juda
ism as a religion. It is visionary be
cause neither the money needed to buy
the land from the Sultan can be pro
cured, nor will the powers of Europe
consent to a resurrection of Jewish na
tionality. It is repugnant to Judaism
because, while -* orthodoxy officially
prays for Palestine, it Avalts for the
coming of the Messiah."
MESSENGER BOY ELSEY
ARRIVES AT NEW YORK
Racing From London to California to
Deliver a Letter at Han
'^l/ford.^v-'
NEW YORK. April James Elsey, the
London messenger boy who left London
on April 1 for California to rH-al the re
cent trip of Jaggers, the messenger boy
sent to Chicago, arrived here this even
ing on the Cunard liner Etrurla. The lad
was met at the dock by a representative
of a Broadway tourist agency, and after
having been photographed was rushed to
the- Christopher-street ferry. :He left
later for the West over the Delaware and
Lackawanna arid Western road.
Elsey, who is 16 years old, Is dressed
in the messenger uniform. He was sent
to this country by. Henry McCalmont,
Member of Parliament for Newmarket, in
the Conservative interest, and well known
as a sportsman. He is to deliver a let
ter at an address at Hanford, Cal.
Alleged Catholic Cruelties.
LONDON, April 10.— The Daily Mail
publishes the following dispatch from
Shanghai: An American Protestant mis
sionary at Hankow, a Chinese treaty
port on the Yang tse Klang. makes sensa
tional allegations against the Roman
Catholics of burning Protestant chapels
ant. torturing Protestants. Tie gives the
name of a priest concerned, and pictures
a reign of terror in certain districts.
GENERAL UPRISING
OF TARTARS FEARED
Most Serious Situatior) Has Devel
oped io Southeastern
Russia.
■ LONDON. April 10.— The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Daily
& Telegraph says: A very serious situation, which has recently developed
ft in the Province of Kasan, in Southeastern Russia, a territory inhabited
88 principally by Tartars, is likely to result in a general uprising. Famine
8 and typhus, that have long been devastating the .Volga territory, created
ft such terrible havoc in that province that the Government was compelled
Siß to send aid, food and Red Cross sanitary agents.
5 Unfortunately, rumors were circulated Avith the assistance of
ft fanatical priests, that the representatives of the Government really
•8 wanted to convert the Mahommedans. A genuine religious panic en
-6 sued and the Government's agents everywhere met with a hostile recen
w tion, being stoned and otherwise maltreated, so that it became Impos
es sible to distribute the aid sent. The Government is now endeavoring to
ft reassure the misguided Tartars. -..-.;_;!.'".,
--ft
88 The Government of Kasan. which Is traversed by the Volga and,
.8 Kama, has a population of 1,700,000 souls. During the sway of the
ft Tartars of the Golden Horde, the province was included with the pres
*? ent Russian Governments of Viatka, Perm, Simbeersk and Penza, in the
0. kingdom of Kasan. It was originally peopled by Finns, who were van
s& quished by the Tartars. In 1552 Ivan Vassilyevitcb 11, by the taking of
2 the city of Kasan, long celebrated for its educational establishments and
ft entrepot of the commerce between Siberia, Bokhara and Southern Rus-
J* sia, destroyed the Tartar power and annexed the territory to Russia.
TRUSTS WILL BE
MADE THE ISSUE
Plans of Leaders of the
Democracy.
SILVER TO BE SUBORDINATED
.
-
BRYAN AND HIS HOBBY MUST
BE SIDETRACKED.
Attempt Will Be Made to Charge the
Republican Party With Pos
tering Centralization of
Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs:
"Down with the trusts" will be the
battle cry of the Democrats in the next
Presidential campaign, if the plans of
some of the leading men in that party
can be carried out.
When Mr. Bryan was nominated in
1896 an effort was made to have him
subordinate the sliver Issue in his cam
paign and put opposition to the trusts
in the foreground. It was urged that,
if he would do this, he could hold in
line many of the Democrats in the
East who would not folloAV him in op
position to sound money. He re
fused to take this course, and went
doAvn to defeat on the silver issue. Now
the same element of the party is trying
to sidetrack Mr. Bryan and put up
some other man on a platform in Avhich
the silver issue will be subordinate to
the trust issue.
Republican politicians are alive to
the situation, and some of the shrewd-
est men In the party believe that steps
should be taken at once to put the
party in a position to meet the opposi
tion on this issue.
Representative Landis of Indiana,
■who has returned to Washington after
a visit to his district, talked yesterday
With Secretary Gage and other mem
bers of the administration, urging that
some action be taken at once to put the
party on record against trust. He said
the people of the Middle West were
aroused in antagonism to the trusts;
that small Interests were being sacri
ficed and that if the administration did
not in some way, not to be misunder
stood, avoAA- its antagonism to the
trusts, the question Avould become very
, prominent in the next campaign and
dangerous to the Republican party in
that section. . 0
Mr. Leandis is not the only man who
hopes that the administration will be
placed on record squarely in opposi
tion to trusts, and while it will not be
admitted that the present activity of
the Department of Justice in 'institut
ing suits under the anti-trust law is
intended for political effect there is rea
son to believe it is largely due to a de
sire on the part of the administration
to have a record to point to that will
contradict any charge that may be
made by the Democrats that the Re
publican party favors and fosters trusts
and combinations of capital. Consider
able progress has already been made in
the direction of making a record for
the administration in opposition to
trusts. .:-•'- t
Since Mr. McKinley became President
the two most important suits that have
been Avon by the Government under the
anti-trust laAV— Traffic Association
suits— been decided by the Su
preme Court of the United States. An
other important case— that of the pipe
trust is now before the court, and
within the last week a suit has been
brought in Cincinnati by direction of
the Department of Justice against the
Chesapeake and Ohio Association,
which controls the- output of the soft
coal mines of the Kanawaha Valley in
West Virginia. ;./- -f.v: .;-
Other trusts are under investigation
by the department and it is probable
suits Avill be instituted. If either the
pipe trust case or the Chesapeake and
Ohio case is Avon by the Government a
precedent Avill be established that, will
enable successful suits to' be instituted
against many more trusts and combina
tions. . 'i-v-i'y
Whether these suits are won or not
the Republican party will be able in the
next campaign to' meet the Democratic
charges by pointing to the record of the
administration in the enforcement of
the anti-trust law. It will be contended
that everything has been done by the
McKinley administration that is pos
sible under, the anti-trust law, which
enables the Attorney General to pro
ceed against trusts only when they
operate as a restraint upon commerce
between. the States or with foreign
countries. ■ . ■
GEORGE TRIES
• HYPNOTISM ON JURORS
Said to Have Placed Talesmen Under
the Spell By Her Smiles .
and Her Eyes.
CANTON, Ohio, April 9.— Rumors were
freely circulated here to-night to the ef
fect that trouble was being worked in
the jury box In the Mrs. George murder
trial by the hypnotic influence of the de
fendant. One story, which was repeated
with confidence, but without a name, had
it that one of the rejected talesmen had
changed his mind after he had been sum
moned for examination. This change had
been brought about, he said, by Mrs.
George, who, by gazing at him, had placed
him under a spell and made him sub
servient to her will.
Attorneys for the defense scout these
rumors as utterly preposterous. Attor
neys for the prosecution, on the other
hand, say there is no doubt that Mrs.
George believes she has the power of hyp
notism. Mr. Pomerene said to-night that
the defendant has sought to influence the
jury by her smiles and the power of her
eyes, and every one connected with tho
trial of the case. He expressed no fear
of her success, however, and said that her
conduct could have no other result than
to prejudice her case.
MANY CANDIDATES
FOR THE OFFICES
San Rafael's Municipal Election
Gives Promise of Being
Exciting.
SAN RAFAEL. April 9.-The municipal
election to be held to-morrow will doubt
less develop a heated contest on account
of the large number of candidates for
the various offices and the questions at
Issue. The Socialist Labor party has
entered the arena because of a wrangle
over the water question, but it is not be
lieved this will cut a material figure with
the result of the balloting.
For the office of City Attorney Thomas
P. Boyd has no opponent. John J. Bus
tin also is the sole candidate for City
Clerk.
The most bitter controA-ersy will be
over (the election of members of the
Board of Education. The candidates for
the A-arious positions are as follows:
City Trustees— Eickhoff, George Fitz
roy, Fritz Gerstenberg, Henry C. Gleske, Henry
Schlosser. Matthias Vlereckt.
Members of the Board of Education— H
Cochrane, W. S. Dreypolcher, L F. Dunand!
Thomas Hansen, Dr. W. F. Jones, John Strat
ton. . ;.-
Assessor— W. F. Dougherty, Tobias Hock
City Attorney— P. Boyd.
Clerk— J. Bustin.
Marshal— John E. Healy, Augusto F. Pa
checo.
Treasurer— R. W. Johnson, J. S. Malone
Arthur E. Scott.
Recorder— Edwin Gardner, J. J. Murray. J.
F. Schottler. ' - -.- -?~:
Meets Death in Flames.
SACRAMENTO, April 9.— small fire
ln a frame building on Front street at
midnight last night damaged the interior
of a room in the second story to the ex
tent of only a few dollars. This morning
the body of Adolph Brodbeck, an elderly
man who occupied the room, was found
there by persons who missed him. Brod
beck was a native of Switzerland and
came to Sacramento from Guatemala sev
eral years ago. He was an educated man
and had held a position in a bank in
Guatemala, but of late had been em
ployed here as a sort of porter in a sa
loon. r _. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Prescription
Accuracy-
Drug Purity — Lowest Prices.
These three items receive the
greatest attention in our daily
business. There is nothing
too good for us in the Drug
Line.
Cuticura Resolvent SOc
Yin Mariani fI.OO
Peruna Nsc
Todd's Sarsaparilla 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 70c
Chichester Pennyroyal Pills 91. 50
Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c and SOc
Injection Brou 75c
Big. G 7,-, c
Santal Mldy 75c
7 Sutherland Sisters' Hair Restorer.. Jlsc
McCormick Hair Dye : Sse
Stewart's Dyspepsia Tablets. 4oc and SOc
Ayer's Hair Vigor 70c
Hay's Hair Health \ 40c
Mellin's Food 35c and 55c
Herlick's Malted Milk 40c and 75c
Pierces Medical Discovery 70c
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
3_c_n__Kfw^
wPdbug &
V V^949-95l M ARK&SI
M ♦— ' NEXT MALE BROS — ""*
———————————— ————__ - _——■•———_- _______
NER VITA ___? "%2g?
_JjSK£; ■■ AND MANHOOD
Eyj^**J Cures Impotcncy Night Emissions and wasting
IB) B diseases, all effects of sell-abuse, or excess and
\fS jJt) indiscretion. A nenrctonic and blcod'buildcr.
_ T& <^Mr* Brings the pink (low to pale cheeks and ree
a. K>-_ J stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
jTJSkSiS!! box. 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
ifJ^-K v guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Oervita medic*! Co., eHnton « Jackson its., Chicago.
Owl Drug Co.. Sole Agts., 112S Market. S. F.
Radway's
Pills
' Pi?i-7*"»'."egetab]e, mild and reliable. Causa
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation,. Piles and all derangements of the
Internnl 'Viscera. 2.=> c a box. At Druggist*,
or by mail. RADWAY & CO.. New York.
34
ri ;___ A/^ _§*? v „-.- /Sh #-flr* 1 i
&3f 3 %&■*«»«!?? HI 2sll
dONDAY.. :.'..-..'. ..APRIL io, 1899
. -*'■'-• ' ' ' - •
JOHN D.' SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address M Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868. . ■ ;'_; -
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 251 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cent*.
Trrms by Mail, Including Pi stage:
DAILY CALL (inci-elln* Sunday -all), one year ....JPO.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). '6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL Unclueiins: Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILT CALL-^-By Sln.ie Month <>."»c
SUNDAY CALL One Year :.'.'.'...... .'. 1-50
WEEKLY CAD L. One Year !•*>*>
AH ppetiJJ%steri are authorized to receive subscriptions.
.ample copies will be forwarded when requested. ,
OAKLAND OFFICE ! I. ...'.. .......:. 908 Broadway
r>EW YORK OFFICE ...Room IRS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
. ',;:•; C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH .OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until I
,:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Miss-ion street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518 ,
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, op.m
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Robin Hood."
Grand Opera House— "Queen's Lace Handkerchief."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Ale-azar— "Humbug."
Tivoli— "Beautiful Golden Locks."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
md evening
Olympia— Ccrner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties.
Grand Opera House.— Saver Kecltals. Wednesday afternoon,
April 19. . '.:-."-■ v~\
Grand Opera House— Rosenthal, Tuesday afternoon, April 25.
. Central Park— The Steeplechase.
El Camnv— The popular bay resort. Amusements every
Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank \V. Butterfleld— This day. at 11 a. m., at 316 Fourth
St., Furniture.
By Easton. Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday. April 11, at 12
o'clock, real estate, at 63S Market street.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— Wednesday, April 12, at 2 and S p. m.,
at 33 Geary st., Chinese and Japanese ids.
By A. \V. Louderback— Thursday. April 13, at 10:30 a. m.
and 2:30 p. m.. at ____- ■ ■-'• ■ Rugs.
INDUSTRIALS, STAPLES fIND CROPS.
Till- expected has happened in Wall street Over-
I capitalization has been called down; by the banks.
* The, rebuke was', brief, but very much to the
point. The function took place on Friday— a Very
good day for such affairs and for a few hours the
street was in an uproar;' prices for the industrials
-dropped like plumblines and a good many lamb
'speculators' were wiped off the street.
To those who -watch the mainsprings of business
the liquidation was not surprising. Along last fall
the commercial agencies called attention to the ten
dency. to form all sorts of trusts, out of all sorts of
material. After the turn of the' year this tendency
became marked, and a few weeks ago assumed the
proportions of a raze. Then the banks began to look
cross-eyed at industrial combinations, and. this was the
beginning of the end. The bankers objected to; the.
wholesale locking up of millions in enterprises, some
ol them sterling, but many visionary. he money
market, slowly hardened' and interest rates .went up.
Finally the .banks began to' reject the industrials as
a class as collateral, "the brokers could not carry their
customers on account of this lack of bank accommo
dation and begad to realize. This, of course, alarmed
the street, everybody rushed in to sell and there was
an old-fashioned break. But it did not last long. The I
sterling industrials, though considerably shaken up,
weathered the tempest all right, and the others col
lapsed. In two or three hours the atmosphere cleared,
blocks of capital rushed in and stemmed the break,
prices reacted and the flurry was over.
At no time during this episode of the combinations
were the standard industrials under suspicion. They
are solid and safe. But there were too many irons in
the fire for the safety of the market and the banks
quietly drew them out. The market will probably be
on a better basis from now on. A gratifying feature
of the whole business was its brevity and the ease with
which the financial sky cleared, showing that the
finances of the country arc on a sound foundation.
The commercial situation stands about the same as
on the. preceding week. Business is reported quieter,
but the bank clearings of the country show a gain of
59.7 per cent over the same week in 1898, and not a
single large city shows a falling off in trade according
to these clearings. The failures were 100, against 220
for the same week last year. But the leading staples
are quieter, and even the iron trade has slackened up,
though this is said to be due to lack of supplies, and
not to any cessation of the demand, which is still]
enormous and which has led to the starting up of
forty-eight more furnaces. This latter feature has
tended to ease the market by promising increased sup
plies later on. Boots and shoes are reported very
active and lumber is as firm as ever. There is no
particular change in the- wool and cotton trades.
Wheat has been irregular, and during the past few
days reports of serious damage to the crop in many
States by the February freeze have multiplied. It is
admitted that the crop outlook is not as brilliant as
it was several months ago, except in California, where
the prospects are excellent. Meanwhile there has
been a slight shrinkage in quotations.
The local situation stands about the same. Busi
ness is very good, and no complaints are heard. It
is now pretty well settled that with one or two excep
tions the harvest of cereals and fruits will be very
large this year, and this gives everybody unbounded
confidence in the future. Some districts will need
another shower or two to mature the crops, but others
can go through without any more rain, especially
north of the bay. It is equally settled that the fruit
crop of the Eastern and Western States will be "al
most a total failure this year, and in most of the great
peach States the trees themselves were killed by the
February freeze. All fruits, even apples, will be short,
and as stocks of canned rind dried fruit are reduced to
almost nothing all over the country the outlook for a
prosperous fruit year in California is brilliant. Indeed,
buyers are already looking about for fruit, and $75
per ton is reported bid for apricots in several dis
tricts. If, this figure proves true and other fruits are
equally desired, 1899 will be the banner year for the
California fruit-grower. . '
Our boys in Manila will have to make a good many
speedy marches during the next month, for they are
raring against time as well as against the Filipino
and are bound by the terms of the campaign to over
take the native runners before the rainy season sets in.
• - The only way to compel boxing- contests to a finish
;■ to- present -.'respectable figure in this city is to insist
• unort'the Perrault license 'fee ; of $5000 a year.
DEATH OF STEPHEN J. \ FIELD.
THE death of Judge Field in his 83 year, after the
longest judicial career of any Justice of the Su
preme Court of the United States, commits a life
of great labor and of marked eminence' to the calm
prbiirament of history. The main facts that will enter
into his biography are elsewhere recapitulated. His
judicial standing, originally acquired in this State,
became national, and there is no p*art of the United
States in which his passage from time to eternity will
not excite interest and comment.
He came fiom revolutionary stock. His fathe
was a distinguished clergyman. He was one of five
brothers, all of whom were exceptionally gifted and
noted. He was classically educated, and spent two
years r thereabouts of his earlier life in Greece, In
_-B_7 lie graduated in the first ram-; from Williams
College. For four years he applied himself to pre
paratory law studies and in 1841 was admitted to the
bar of New York. For eight years he was in partner
ship with his elder brother, David Dudley Field, who
was numb-red among the great lawyers of the Union.
In 1849, after a second visit to Europe, he came to
California, and arrived barely in time to escape ex
clusion from. the Society of California Pioneers.
In 1850 the record of Judge Field's activities fairly
begins. His' 'possession of unusual mental power,
especially .adapted to the profession he selected, and
his thorough comprehension of principles and knowl
edge of technicalities have never been questioned.
Possessed of these advantages, at the age of 33 he
took his place among the pioneers of this State, who,
in proportion to their numbers, combined intelligence,
education and energy in a degree to which the history
of new communities furnishes no parallel. The
adaptation of American institutions and American law
to the conditions established by the Mexican rule,
and especially in relation to land tenures, also pro
duced litigation of original impression and of vast im
portance, which demanded and obtained for its solu
tion legal capacity of the highest order.
Judge Field had scarcely reached Marysville, where
he first settled, when he became a judicial officer
through an election as Alcalde or Judge of the Court
of First Instance, and to strengthen his authority he
was also appointed and commissioned as a Justice of
the Peace. His earliest practical service, however,
to the State was in a legislative capacity. As a
member of the Assembly he prepared the two prac
tice acts, civil and criminal, which, as amended and
supplemented, regulated the local administration of
the law until the adoption of the codes. He also
framed legislation for the protection of miners and
the mining interests, upon which one of the most im
portant departments of our State jurisprudence has
been chiefly based.
.•After years of lucrative practice, in which his suc
cess in appealed cases raised him above most of his
j contemporaries, in 1857 he was elected to the Supreme
Bench, where he served for about six years, and with
his able coadjutors, first as an Associate Justice and
afterward as Chief Justice, contributed to the elevation
of our highest tribunal to a dignity which commanded
respect not only throughout the Union but abroad.
Politically, he was a Democrat, and when the Civil
War broke out he threw his intellect and his influence
on the side of the Union. In 1863 he was appointed
by President Lincoln one of the Justices of the Su
preme Court of the United States and was assigned to
the Tenth Circuit. It bad been anticipated that the ap-
It-nero would be tendered to Oscar L. Shafter, one
of. the greatest lawyers and purest citizens that the
''•Union- has - produced. This fact alone shows the
weight and the influence by which Judge Field was
backed.
Transferred from the Supreme Court of the State
to the Supreme Court of the nation, a tribunal that in
the extent of its jurisdiction and in the novelty and
intricacy of the questions it is required to determine,
has no equal on the globe, the opportunities of Judge
Field for the illustration of his judicial strength were
enhanced by the heavy and complicated litigation,
involving searching constitutional interpretations, that
followed the close of the Civil War. He proved equal
to every occasion, and though frequently in a minority
and subjected to severe criticisms for some of the In
cisions in which he participated he left an indelible
impression upon the jurisprudence of his country.
His vote determined and his opinion expressed the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States
against test- oaths, which overturned the decision of
our own Supreme' Court upon a similar question. He
wrote prevailing opinions in a large number of leading
cases. His dissenting opinions in' the legal tender
cases, in the confiscation cases, in the slaughter
house case and in other controversies of equal sig
nificance, would alone have ranked him among the
able judges of the century.
- He was a member of the electoral commission of
1877, which decided the conflict between Hayes and
Tilden, and was one of the minority 01 seven, in
1880 he received 85 votes for Presidential nominee in
the Democratic National Convention. During his ju
dicial life many honorary distinctions were conferred
upon him which it would be impracticable to enu
merate, i
He possessed the faculty of judicial reasoning in an
eminent degree, but in his personal character he was
extremely positive, aggressive and unconciliatoryi
Consequently he made warm and true friends, but also
persistent and bitter enemies. At Marysville he quar
reled with Judge Turner, and for months their mu
tual animosity was vented in the courts and on the
streets. In the Legislature possible ' bloodshed be
tween himself and one of his fellow members was only
averted by the decided action of David C. Broderick.
who was among his closest and dearest friends. While
on the Supreme Bench the stabbing of Charles S.
Fairfax, clerk of the court, by Harvey Lee was due to
a struggle between the Court and the Governor for
the appointment of an official reporter, in which Judge
Field was conspicuous. The episode of the killing of
Judge Terry at Lathrop is still fresh in the public
memory.
This is not the time nor place minutely to analyze J
the character and the acts of Judge Field in their bear
ing, upon popular rights and upon questions affecting j
the integrity of American institutions. The opinions
for and against him in relation to those parts of his
career are strong and contradictory and must be re
served for that ultimate judgment which, in the United
States, is sure to be searching and just. On one point
there will be no contrariety, and that is that in his
death a great intellect and a wealth of erudition have
been extinguished. •
AN INGLORIOUS CONTROVERSY.
ABOUT the only gratifying feature of the con
troversy over Samoa is i the promptness with
which the Governments of the three powers have
arranged for a joint commission to settle it and put
an end to it, , From first to last the whole train of
events leading up to the' present crisis has been in
glorious to civilization, and the only way for the
United State?, Great Britain and Germany. to get any
credit out of it at all is to close.it up quietly and say
no more about it.
With the laudable ambition of taking up the "white
THE SA!N~ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AJ/lUL IU, 181^.
nun's burden" and serving the brown, men of .the
South, Seas, the .merchants, and the. missionaries of
Germany, of -England and of the United. States we.it
to the Samoan Islands and began to trade and to
teach. Their ostensible mission was to promote the
material and spiritual welfare of the natives, and as
a fiim foundation on which to build they announced
that first of all they would establish and maintain
peace. Then the trouble began.
So far from keeping peace among the natives, the
civilized protectors of the islands could not keep
peace among themselves. Before the advent of the
whites the natives had no cause of quarrel except to
determine which of two rival chiefs had the stronger
following. When one side whipped the other the
quarrel ended.
With the whites came all the quarrels of civiliza
tion. There arose trade rivalries, issues of prestige
and precedence and questions concerning the best
means of getting to heaven. Merchants and mission
aries mixed in a wrangle. The native had a new cause
for war every week and sometimes two a week. These
causes, moreover, cannot be settled by fighting it out
in one battle, because being issues of principle, they
survive the arguments of club and sword and remain
incentives to incessant war.
At last all parties are agreed that the only way for
the three powers to bear the white man's burden in
peace is to separate the burden bearers. Now the
proper way to do justice in the- matter would be to
send the disturbers out of the islands and leave the
Samoans in possession of their country, their inde
pendence and their trade. Such a course, however,
would be a surrender of the white man's burden, and
the conscience of diplomacy revolts at such an aban
donment of duty. So we are to disrupt Samoa, divide
its people and rearrange peace on a new basis.
Fortunately, the end of the dreary business seems
near. All the powers have agreed to a conference.
A member of the Berlin Foreign Office is quoted as
having recently said: "The German member of the
commission has not yet been selected, but we shall
send a man who is eminently conciliatory, for we are
determined to make peace." The United States and
Great Britain are undoubtedly animated by the same
sentiment, and the commission will be harmonious —
perhaps.
WHERE THE BLAME RESTS.
IT is the opinion of the Oregonian that the Pacific
Coast is "the football of Congress." It says: "If
the Pacific Slope bad a fair show it would be the
! busiest section of the United States," and in proof of
that assertion points to the fact that civilization has
■ turned its eyes at length to the world's greatest ocean,
■ destined to be the home of the world's greatest com
j merce. One factor of that boundless trade i- to be
' found among the teeming millions of Asia and an
; other in the vast resources and productiveness of
j California, Oregon and Washington
The Oregonian fears, however, that we are not
going to profit by the possibilities of that commerce
as we should. It points out that our Government has
done nothing to promote trade with the Orient,
while European nations have done much; and it ar
gues that Congress actually forbids trade between
the United States and Asia, saying: ''Trade on the
Pacific Slope is under the ban of Congress, put there
from studied purpose of a conspiracy on the Atlantic
seaboard. The parties to the conspiracy are three—
the sugar trust, the Canadian Pacific and New Eng
land traders."
With the statements of Our contemporary concern
ing the possibilities of , Oriental trade, and of. the
neglect of Congress to properly promote the interests
of the Pacific Coast, there is not likely to be much
disagreement. There is nothing in the" situation,
however, to justify a belief in the existence Of a con
spiracy in the East against our section of the Union.
The fact is, we arc ourselves to blame for Congres
sional neglect, for we have not sent from the Pacific
Coast to Washington a representation cquai to the
service required of it.
Rarely has any member of Congress from this coast
held office long enough to make himself an influential
factor in legislation. While the Eastern States send
to Washington the same men year after year, and
thus have the service of experienced statesmen to look
after their interests at the national capital, the custom
on this coast has been to send new men with each
succeeding election. The result has been that while
the East obtains about all it asks for, -we receive so
little attention that the Oregonian is half justified in
saying the Pacific Coast is the football of Congress.
The voters of the Fifth California District have
been wiser than those of other sections of the Pacific
Coast, and as a result their representative, Mr. Loud,
is one of the foremost among the younger leaders in
Congress. He holds important positions and is able
to render valuable service to his district and his State.
If his colleagues from other districts in this State and
from Washington and Oregon were equally experi
enced and influential much would be accomplished.
It is not worth while to accuse the Eastern people
of conspiracy. They have been looking after their
own interests, as they should, and it is for.us to look
after ours.
Since the British are of the opinion that the Ger
mans arc the cause of all the disturbance in Samoa,
and the Germans are equally certain the British are
the offenders, an opportunity is afforded our diplo
macy to persuade both of the contending parties' to
get out and leave the islands in our hands until the
dispute is amicably settled. .'
The spectacle of Lillian Russell abandoning the
stage because Edna Wallace (once Hopper) was get
ting along so swimmingly with so little clothing is fit
for the gods.. The fair Lillian's mood is due entirely
to an overdose of sour grapes. In addition to having
described San Francisco as a jay town, she never had
courage or shapeliness enough to wear tights.
In the popular mind the game of basket ball will
no longer be classed among beanbag athletics. At
last Saturday's meeting between the pretty co-eds of
the universities of Nevada and California one fair
player achieved a broken nose and another lost a
tooth. What are we girls coming to?
The theory of the Berkeley professor that girls are
mentally unable to play football because they are too
careful of others to make a winning rush is visionary.
Put up a spring bonnet for a prize and the feminine
team would run over, everything in sight without a
halt.
Are the Duke and Duchess of York running for
office, or what? Their second visit to Ireland almost
on. the heels of the first looks like an attempt to cap
ture the Irish vote.
When the police have cleared the gambling houses
from. Chinatown they will confer a great favor if they
w ill proceed to clear them away from other parts of
the city.
When diplomacy divides the Samoan group of isl
ands it will be interesting to observe how much of a
share is given to the -Samoans -
THE MINE LOCATION MESS.
BOOM IN GOLD DREDGING.
The miners of California are all at sea
concerning the law governing locations
since the Legislature adjourned. A flood
of questions comes to every possible
senior of information, and prospectors
are everywhere wondering what they
must do now. There has yet been given
no clear exposition of the situation, and
many mining attorneys have not yet
read the legislative act, and hence are
not ready to express definite opinions.
In a general way the situation is simply
this: The Legislature repealed.tbe State
law of 1897 and accomplished nothing else.
There is now nothing in the California
statutes governing mining cations in
any way. Th.re never was any State
law governing mining locations until the
Soward act of 1897 was passed, requiring
two notices of location of prescribed
nature, the abolishing of mining district
recorders, the filing of location notices
with the County Recorder only, and the
doing of $50 worth of work within sixty
days after location. upon lode claims and
$10 worth on placer claims. The Federal
law governing mining locations is a sim
ple one of rather skeleton form and per
mits and contemplates supplementary
State and, -district legislation. The
Soward law was the first of such sup
plementary, legislation by this State,. and
the miners did not like it. At the recent
session of the Legislature two bills pass.B
both houses. One simply repealed the
law of 1897 and the other enacted simpler
requirements as- to mining locations, pre
scribing but one notice, but retaining
the requirements 'of assessment work
within sixty days and the filing with the
County Recorder. The Governor signed
the repealing act. but not the other. one.
Hence, thanks to Mr. Gage, the State has
no location law and the Federal law oily
governs. The miners are thus left simply
where they were, before 1897. The repeal
ing act went into effect April 1.
The situation is thus simple on the face
of it, but the transition backward brings
its troubles to the mining mind. .For
instance, May mining districts be now
at once organized again and notices tiled
with its recorder? Would either the pre
liminary or second notice used during the
past two years be good for use now, or
must the oiu forms be obtained? hat
must be done by a man who located a
claim a day or a month before the repeal
of the State law, but who had not yet
done his $50 worth of assessment work?
In other words, Does the repealed law
govern locations begun under It? Such
questions as these will arise among min
ers ami preserve an open season for
aoubts for me time.
The opinions of A. H. Kick, us, the
well-Known authority on mining last and
author of the mining law ot Nevada,
will be of Interest concerning these
points. Concerning the situation ne says:
'•The eftect oi tne repeal oi tne null
ing act of Us 97 by the last Legislature of
this State is to legate the acquisition
and maintaining of tine to mining claims
to the provisions of tne Federal mining
law ana the local rules, regulation ana
customs ol miners, and if tnere are none
of the latter wholly to the United States
law. ,
"It is not necessary for the validity of
a mining location within tne State of
California' that the same snail be situ
ated within any organized uistrict, but
the miners have now the unrestricted
right to torm mining districts and tormu
late such rules ana regulations as tnc-y
may see proper, widen are not incon
sistent with the paramount or Federal
mining law— that is to say, they may now
prescribe the boundaries of the district
and the manner of locating a mining
claim, whether the same be a lode or a
placer claim, and tile- place, manner and
time of recording location notices and the
contents of the same, provided that each
record contains such a description of the
claim by reference to some natural ob
ject or permanent monument as will read
ily identify the claim.
"The miners ot tne district may now
provide for the election* of a r- .-. '
trict recorder, the posting and filing of
notices of location,' uno. -..at. __•_.. _ ,
regulations or -stoma tne notices 01 lo
cation Will be prima fa. I evidence of
the facts recited therein in any court in
this State. Miners may still record their
notices with the County Recorder, but
unless the district rules so provide such
notices will not be admissible in evi
dence. ,,_.,
"in order to make a valid location in
the State of California under the laws
now exist;: therein, and in the absence
of any local rules, regulations and cus
toms, it is sufficient to make a discover;
of the lode, post upon the ground a no
tice of location containing the name of
the locator, the date of the location, the
name of the claim and such a descrip
tion of the- claim located by reference to
some natural object or permanent monu
ment as will identify the claim and by
placing a monument, which generally
consists of a stake set in a mound of
stones at each corner of the four corners
of the claim and a similar monument at
the center end of the location, and, for
safety, to record the same in the office of
the County Recorder of the county in
which the claim Is situated. And upon
any claim located sine., the repeal of
the act of 1897 no work need be clone on
any location until during the second cal
endar year of the location.
"Since the repeal of the act of 1897 It
is not necessary to complete the location
by doing the amount of work within the
sixty days required under that act nor
the filing of the final or completed no
tice—that is, the second notice of loca
tion therein provided for. The State law
wholly ceases to operate on the claim.
The law of 1897 did not abolish mining
districts, but it made the office of district
recorder useless by taking away the legal
ity of district records and making the
county seat the only place for a valid rec
ord. The practical effect was to generally
disorganize mining districts. Prospectors
grumbled much at the inconvenience.
Now there will be a general reorganiza
tion of mining districts throughout the
State and location notices will be again
filed with district recorders. The State
law, with its detailed requirements, left
mining districts little latitude for legis
lation, but now they are again the dole
sources of supplementary regulations.
When the law went Into effect district
records were gathered, often with much
trouble, by the County Recorders. In Mr.
Ricketts' opinion such old district re-cords
must remain where they are.
Prospectors will throw up their hats
chiefly at the escape from the assessment
work required within sixty days. Some
such requirement is badly needed when a
man may, locate forty claims and hold
them for nearly two years without doing
a stroke of work on them, and then relo
cate them, if quick enough, and hold
them for another two years.' The effect
of the State law was to vastly lessen. the
number of locations made, as a prospector
could hold only as many claims as he
could put $50 worth of work on in two
months. - Now one may locate as many
claims as lie pleases, and he not only has
until December 31, 1900, to do his $100 worth
of work but any work done this year will
not count on his assessment.- with the
present boom ,In prospecting mineral • re
gions will be staked out in h lively way
from now on. And. according to Mr.
Ricketts, one who located a claim lust be
fore the repeal of the law may drop his
pick and not complete the $30 assessment
work that may be worrying htm. . '
As to tin- use of location notices, printed
according to the State law, they, would be
valid enough, but they are cumbersome
and complicated, and one of the old forms
would be better. . 
RAPID RISE OF GOLD DREDGING IN
CALIFORNIA. ;
The starting of three hew. gold dredger
calls attention to the fact that dredging:
tor gold is just coming , ( to the front in
California. Wide. interest is being awak
ened in this interesting form of gold min
ing, which surely has a great future in
this State. Within two years some hun
dreds of thousands of dollars have been
invested in this field, which Is rapidly as
suming large importance.
There are now about ten dredgers of all
kinds and sizes on the' Feather, Yuba
American, Trinity, Klamath and Upper
Sacramento rivers.' Two of the largest
and best will be ready for operation with
in a few days. There is no good reason
why there should not be hundreds of gold
dredges working in the State, and there
undoubtedly will be in a few ■. ears in
volving investments of millions, giving
employment and trade to many and large
ly increasing the gold output.
There is probably no large gold region
In the world so inviting for this kind of
mining. The, , beds of the lower courses
of the tributaries of the Sacramento. and
of other streams are deep beds of aurifer
ous gravels which can seldom be worked.
Miles of such unworked river beds are as
rich here and there as any ground worked j
In early days. Since the beginning of
gold mining here such beds have been
worked in small areas by wing damming, I
a costly and risky operation which can ;
be conducted but a small part of the
season.- but which is often very profit
able. Bedrock, where the greatest riches
lie. is often buried many feet deep, in
places nearly a hundred feet and in
others but five or ten. One of the notable
mining enterprises of the State is the
turning of the Feather wholly out of its
bed. A successful gold dredge works
such river beds- to bedrock and gets a
considerable percentage of the gold lying
on the bedrock and in its shallow crevices
and can operate all the year. Many de
posits have been worked only to the
water line.
' But the greatest amount of gold-bear
ing gravel is in the benches flanking the j
streams and in old channels, bars and I
basins. There is an immense area of
such ground averaging moderate values
of a few i cents, a cubic yard through
many feet of depth and often rich near j
bedrock. The only economical method |
of working such ground has been the
hydraulic process, and as thousands of
acres of such ground lie where the
hydraulic process cannot be used, - the
gold still waits extraction. A properly
designed gold dredge will work such de
posits -at- a cost- of from 3 to 5 cents a
cubic yard, or as cheaply per yard as a
hydraulic, plant would. work ground. As ;
vast areas' of ground will average 10 to
20 cents or even more; the opportunities
are 'evident. ,•-.-•
■•'.'California, which has led the world in
quartz mining, is late in "getting around j
to this form of the mining industry. It
began in New -Zealand in the early days |
of mining there, has. reached its highest!
development there, and the world turns
to New Zealand to learn the business.
' There has been a steady evolution of .
the gold dredge since then until now it ,
is one of the chief features of the New- |
Zealand mining industry. On the Clutha |
River in the province of Otago on the!
southern island there are seventy-five
dredgers; and there are perhaps a hun- >
d red more elsewhere in New Zealand. j
In quite recent years the success at- :
tamed in New Zealand has attracted at- j
tention throughout the world, and New j
Zealand methods have been the subject
of much inquiry, report and discussion in
Australia; South Africa, Siberia, Canada, I
the United States and elsewhere. Dredges
are now being built or contemplated in |
every auriferous region of the world. ;
Gold dredging in California may be said
to have started about five years ago, when
the Diestlehorst Brothers of Redding
rigged up a primitive contrivance and
went to working the bed of Lower Middle
Creek above Redding. It was a peculiar j
shaped scoop, holding one-third of a cubic
yard: and operated on a pontoon by a j
steam winch at one end, which dragged i
the scoop along the bottom quite like the
first New Zealand plant. But it paid, and
the- Diestlehorsts planned a larger steam j
power scoop dredge of another style- and j
built it on the Klamath. Then they built
another; and the two Diestlehorst dredges
are now operating at Big Oak Bar on the J
Klamath. A similar dredge of compara
tively small size was put to work on the
Upper Sacramento two or three years ago
by others, and then somebody installed on
that stream a dredge of the clam shell
type. No definite information as to cost
cf operation or profits of any of these
dredges has been given, but they work on
and evidently pay.
Three years ago R. H. Postlewalte came
here on" a business trip from New Zea
land, where he had for some years been
building modern dredges on the Clutha,
and seeing the great possibilities of the
business in California he went into it here
and built a dredge on the Yuba River,
which began operating eighteen months
ago. This was the first here of the type
used In New Zealand— the continuous or
chain bucket* type, in which an endless
chain of buckets is directed against a bed
or hank. The scoop and clam shell dredges
have paid under favorable conditions, the
suction dredge, so efficient for some pur
poses, has always failed in this field, and
the New Zealand type has generally been
adopted,, though the first cost is larger.
When the Postlewalte dredge was In
stalled several large dredging plants had
; been put into successful operation at va
rious places along the Missouri, Inn Mo
ntana, in Colorado and elsewhere through
the western region, where they are now
rapidly multiplying and interesting capi
tal. :-,•.;-- 5^.,.; y : :.-, :
The success of the Postlewalte dredge
on the Yuba has been followed by the
building of five more, making six great
dredges of the modern type. One is on
the Trinity, one on the American, one on
tin- Yuba and three are on the Feather
low Oroville a few miles. These dredges
are all similar. There are two pontoons
about 100 feet long connected so as to
practieallv form one boat of that length.
23 feet wide, with a well hole five feet
wide and 75 feet long, through which is
operated the ladder or girder, up and
down which the chain of buckets travels.
This girder will, with its buckets, reach
ground 45 feet below water or quite a dis
tance above. Thirty-eight heavy, steel
lipped buckets or scoops travel at the rate
of fifteen per minute, driven by a 45-horse
power engine. These SCOOps will pick up
boulders of a ton weight, will dig into
hard ground and will scrape and dig up
the top of the bedrock. At the top the
buckets empty their material, which goes
into a big revolving screen or grizzly sup
plied with 3000 gallons of water per min
ute. The fine material is washed through
the screen and passes to plates and to
sluices fitted with cocoa matting and rif
fles, where 98 per cent of the gold is said
to be saved. The tailings and the boulders
from the grizzly go to an endless carrier,
which reaches out behind and which will
stack the debris 26 feet high. The ma
chinery is massive to stand the shocks
and wear. One of these dredges is quite
a complicated and striking affair. Each
has a dynamo driven by a separate en
gine for electric lights, and a five-barrel
steam winch for the cables which radiate
from the- corners and straight ahead to
hold the dredge in place and to move it.
Such a dredge costs $35,000. and In favor
able ground will handle 2500 cubic yards
per twenty-four hours. In Montana and
Colorado such dredging plants have in
cases been put on wheels running on a
track, but wherever water can be had
floating is preferred. These dredges are
operated twenty-four hours a day by
three shifts of only two men each. The
only other necessary employes are one
dredge master and a general superintend
ent.
Some of these dredges have been
"launched" like any boat, but others have
not. The one on the Trinity was built
nine months ago, and is owned by
Messrs. Oilman and McNeill of Chicago
who bought nearly four I miles of placer
ground about Lowden's" ranch, ten miles
above "Wcavervllle. The 1 dredger was put
up in an excavation nearly a mile from
the river, on an old bar, and a "sluice was
started un stream 'to supply water to
float . and- -operate the dredge. The
dredge floated off and went to work at the
gravel about It. There Is a great area
of pay gravel twenty-five to thirty feet
deep, enough to keep several • dredgers
busy many years.
t J. O. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
J. Liberty Tadd Is at the California.
• F. M. Shaw of Denver is at the Occi
dental. ■- ':"'■[ ' : -j_;*
F. C. Voorhies of Sutter Creek is at the
Palace.
G. .D. Plato, a merchant of Modesto, is
at the Pick.
.<- Senator F. C/ Voorhies of Sutter Creek
is at the Palace.
V Joseph W. Gra'eme, U. S. N., is a guest
at the Palace. i-.
George Teaford and H. A. Krohn of Ma
dera, are at the Lick.
It. Mlchzutanl and A. Amado of Naga
saki are at the Palace.
A. C. Johnson and J. P. Farrell of Los
Angeles are at the Occidental.
L. A. Crane, a rancher of Santa Cruz,
is at the Palace for "a brief- stay. ' : ttv/£$
S. I). E. Cohen, a merchant of Carson '
City, is stopping at the California. j
John Ballard, the mining man and cap
italist, of Clarcmont, is at the Lick. - £* X
T. C. Bunting, a retired general, United
States army, is staying at the Occidental."
W. H. Sperry, a Chico business man, is
making the Occidental his headquarters.
• George H. Cowle, a prominent citizen
of Stockton, is a guest nt the California.
Thomas Fitzgerald, Pacific Coast travel
ing passenger agent of the Texas and Pa
cific road, with . headquarters at Los * An
geles, will be at the Occidental for a few
days. .*' ' '■ J
J. S. Chapman and wife. T. S. Fdllet:and
wife and Ben Goodrich of Los Angeles are
at the Palace.
M S. Arndt, a merchant of Stockton,
accompanied by his wife, is stopping at
the California. . " ;_V
George T. Myers, a merchant of Port
land, Or., Is at the Occidental, accompa
nied by his wife. *
J. W. Purdy, H. -S. Allen and J. P.
O'Brien, well known mining men from
Sonora. are stopping at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioners N. C. Black
stock of Ventura and E. B. Edson of Ga
zelle are in the. city to attend a meeting
of the board and are at the Occidental.
NEWS OF J OREIGN NAVIES.
Officers in the German navy are hence
i forth to be either clean shaved or to grow
; a full beard and mustache. This rule is
j adopted from the British' navy. " "-
The Japanese battleship Asahi, launch
i ed on March 1! at the Clydebank yard,
I is the largest vessel built for any navy.
i She is 425 feet in length, 75 feet 2V_
i inches beam and' displaces 15,200' tons on
a draught of 27 feet 3 inches mean. The
two sets of engines have a collective
| horsepower of 15.000, calculated to give
a speed of eighteen knots. The guns?, all
furnished from Els wick, are four 12-
Inch, fourteen 6-inch quick firers, eight
; 3 and four 2 1 . pounders. The maximum
thickness of the armor belt is nine inches,
i and the gun deck is protected by 6-inch
I armor. The coal bunker capacity is 1100
: tons.
Four armored cruisers, known as th€
Drake class, are building for the Rritisr
. navy. They are 500 feet in length, 71 feel
| beam, and displace 14,000 tons on a ffiear.
i draught of 2fi feet. A speed of 23 knots
! Is to be maintained for eight hours under
natural draught; • with 30,000 horsepower,
; and an average of 21 knots at sea." in
■ smooth watt under continuous steam
-1 inc. during twenty-four hours. They -will
have six-inch vertical armor,- and £ the
! bottom of the hull will be unsheathed.
j The armament includes two 9.2-inch wire
| bound rifles, sixteen- 6-inch quick-firers,
I fourteen 12-pounders, three 3-pounders
! and two torpedo tubes. The normal
i coal supply is 1250 tons on the speed trials.
j but the bunker capacity is 2500 tons, mak
j ing the seagoing displacement 15,.350 tons.
i ■ The explosions of the tubes in the Bell
, vue boilers . on the British cruiser Ter-
I rible, which occurred on her recent trip
from Malta to England, occasioned: quite
a stir in Parliament. .W. Allen, who has
! vigorously opposed the introduction,; of
these boilers in the navy, said the, .ships
| were practically ruined by these boilers,
I and that It was time the House appointed
j a committee to inquire into the matter.
! The stokers and engineers on these' Yes-
I sels lived in fear of their lives, because
I there was .an enormous pressure in the
| boilers, which could not be used, and
! which made explosion a constant dan
i ger. The vessels which carried these
| boilers were only fit for the scrap-heap.
j ' During IMS there were launched a total
! of eighty-seven war vessels, classified and
I distributed among the several navies as
I shown in the table appended: . .
■
.\rr
>iored. I Unarm' d. I Total.
Tons. JNo. I Tons. No. I Tons.
j Austria
! Brazil
1 Bulgaria
| china
I France
Germany — ...
i Great Britain...
, Italy
j Japan •
■ Netherlands
! Portugal
| Russia
■ Spain
Sweden
1 United States...
1
1
1....
.....
\m
1.. ..1
6 2^o '. ;.. 1 6.250
3' 162 1 1.030 .21 ■■ 4.1 2
....... 1 715 1, ■":• 715
i 5 9,400- 5 . -r.9,400
"20."K2 3 6.2671 5 26.619
4 I 14 20Sl 4 , 14.203
'68,500 25 71,505| 3" 140,705
. 1 2,550 11 ' 2,550
■34,350 5 6.4.-.0 B,' 40.500
4 r 9.540J 4 5..'40
. 4 6.440 4 6,440
25 oCJ 7 20.740 9 46.200
"... 1 l.sno 1 ' 1,800
"*3," 400 .1 «70 . 2 .4.070
59,900 •-5 657! 10 60,5^7
|221.524| 67 152.349] ii7.i37<.173
-,
• i
Totals I
! The Coroner at Portsmouth is taking
I testimony- regarding the explosion on
! the British cruiser Terrible on March 13,
! while the ship Was on her way from'-Mal
j ta 5 to Portsmouth.." Assistant -'ETn^ineer
j.Morley -stated, that he .'.heard' a hissing
' noise,- and at once gave orders to "draw
| the fires," and that when Fireman Sulli
: van opened a fire door one of the. tubes
I burst."* and the steam " escaping, carried
I the fire across the stoke hold, burning
Sullivan to such a degree that. he died a
few hours later, and injuring three pth
ers. At the time of the explosion .- the
I steam pressure was only 180 pounds, while
j the boilers had been tested at' 2*l pounds,
i In his opinion the accident was caused by
| defective welded tubes, five of these hav
| ing burst during the short voyage,, and
j that if the tubes had been "solid drawn"
I the accident would not have occurred.-' The
Terrible is fitted with Belleville boilers,
I and the sad accident has given an oppor
: tunity for the opponents to .water-tube
I boilers to make a fight in Parliament
against the further use in the naVy; of
this ty.e of boilers. ' -..,•■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Look out for SI Fourth St., nr. 5c barber
and grocer; eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c*
Special information . supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). slo Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ;, •
The public entrance doors of the great
building of the Bank of England are so
finely balanced that a clerk, by pressing
a knob under his desk, can close them In
stantly.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3% days to Chicago, 4'_
days to New York. Handsomest train and most
complete service. Full particulars at 62S Mar
ket street. , - /'c.,; ; •
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing . Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle. .:
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip . tickets. Now only $68 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel: longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, Ban Francisco. . _"•'
The healthiest spot in the world seems
to. be. a little hamlet in France named
Aumone. There are only forty Inhabi
tants, twenty-five of whom are SO years
of age, and one is over 100. ......
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
An eminent scientist re-
cently, said : " Cod-liver Oil
is truly a wonderful com-
position. It is seemingly
Nature's remedy in almost
every wasting disease."
■-. ■ Scott's: Emulsion contains
the pure oil combined with
hypophosphites, it rebuilds
worn tissues, enriches the
blood, invigorates the nerves,
stops drains and wasting.
Consumptives, Diabetics,
pale or thin people, or nurs-
ing mothers, should remem-
ber this: Do not accept a
substitute.
50c. and #1.00, all dpjggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New York.A SLUMP IN
WHEAT ON THE
SACRAMENTO
3000 Sacks Losi
Overboard.
TRANSPORTS GETTING READY
BRUTUS SAILS TO-DAY AND
THREE OTHERS FOLLOW.
Changes on the Nippon Maru.
Wharfinger Tom Casey on a Fish
ing Excursion Visitors
to the lowa.
Through some one's blundering three
thousand sacks of grain were lost in the
Sacramento River last Saturday night.
The steamer Ban Jose was on her way
here with a barge in tow. On the barge
were four thousand sacks of wheat for
the British ship Primrose Hill. Just how-
It happened no one seems to know, but the
barge tilted over during the night and
nearly all the cargo went Into the river.
Some of it was recovered and put aboard
the San Jose and that vessel came on to
San Francisco, leaving the barge half un
der water and tied up to the bank.
During the run down the river the
wheat on the San Jose began to swell and
the bags burst. The grain ran all over
the decks, and when the steamer reached
the seawall it had to l- shoveled ashore.
The portion saved is now only fit for
chicken feed, so the entire barge load of
4000 sacks is practically a total loss.
There ara now forty-three foreign and
Atlantic vessels ln port, and of these one
8 loading wheat and four only are bound
for Europe. The Halewood came here
from Pisagua with a load of nitre, and she
Is going in ballast to ipilla to load
the same kind of a cargo for England.
The Primrose Hill will take wheat for
"stiffening" and general merchandise to
Liverpool: the Routenburn is at Eppin
ger's loading wheat for England, and the
Strathdon. as soon as she- discharges her
load of coal into the United States trans
port Arizona, will load redwood for Cork.
Of the others the Bldston Hill is under
charter to take 9. load of supplies for the
United States Government to Manila, the
Cardigan Castle takes supplies to Samoa
for the United States coaling station at
Pago Pago, the M. P. Grace goes to Port
Blakelev to load lumber for South Africa
and the' Prussia and Sonoma go into the
coasting coal trade. The disengaged ton
nage In port on Saturday was 31,006, while
at the same time last year it was only
psfirt. The engaged tonnage amounted to
24.373 tons, while last year it was 39,277.
Of the engaged fleet seven vessels are on
the berth for Hawaiian ports, two for
Siberian ports and two for Mexico. The
ship Columbia and the schooner Nokomls
are also loading for Siberia, but as they
belong to the coasting fleet they do not
appear in the above figures.
Tom Casey, the popular wharfinger at
Steuart street wharf, went on a fishing
expedition yesterday. In his young days
"Tom was a noted fisherman, and many
a yarn he spins of the "fish that got
away." in the chief wharfinger's office.
He was determined to make a good show
ing on this occasion in order to keep up
his reputation, so he took a can of giant
powder along.
The United States collier Brutus finished
taking aboard her cargo yesterday and
will sail for Guam at 10 a. m. to-day. The
transport Scandla goes on the Hunters
Point drydock to-day. and to-morrow she
will go alongside Folsom street wharf,
•where the Alaska Iters' Association
has made room for her. The transport
Arizona finished coaling from the British
ship Strathdon yesterday and will begin
receiving supplies to-day. The Newport
will dock at the Union Iron Works to
day md to-morrow she will begin loading
at" the Mail Company's wharf. The
troops for Manila are now on their way
here, and as soon as they arrive the
transports will be ready to receive them.
Before next Monday the chances are that
all three vessels will l.» on their way.
The Toyo Risen Kaisha's steamer Nip
pon Maru will sail for the Orient next
Wednesday, loaded down to the guards
with freight. Every berth has been taken,
r.nd in order to get a passage many peo
ple will sleep on cots. Purser W. H. Ma
gee will not go out on the vessel, his place
being taken by H. Priver, one of the O.
and O. employes. The freight clerk also
remains asno,re. and Dr. Deas of the Har-
Ibor Receiving Hospital will go out in Dr.
Fine's place. The change of doctors will
be only temporary; that of purser and
freight clerk will be permanent.
The schooner Pearl sailed for Unalaska
yesterday. She Ib the first of the Alaska
Commercial Company's fleet to get away,
and will be followed by the steamer
Bertha In about a month.
The launch William D carried passen
gers to the battle-ship lowa yesterday.
The Tow-as engines are being overhauled,
and it will be some weeks yet before she
comes down from the Union Iron Works.
The launch Amy is being rebuilt and will
be in commission again next Sunday,
when she and the William D will carry
visitors to the battle-ship.
SUICIDE OF HENRY ROTHSCHILD
Despondency Brought About by a
Falling Off in His Saloon
Business.
Henry RothschHd, who had conducted a
saloon at the northwest corner of O'Far
rell and Powell streets for a number of
years, died at his home, 815 Polk streef,
yesterday morning at 4:30 o'clock from
strychnine poisoning. The only reason
assignable for Rothschild's death Is that
he became despondent over his business,
which had been falling away during the
past year. Previous to his going Into the
saloon business he conducted a grocery
store it the place for a number of years,
but the section having lost its family
character for that of a choice tenderloin,
■wide open, sporty nature he sought bar
room business exclusively and failed. The
adverse change preyed on his mind and
caused him to take his life 1% the manner
described. ' ... .-;
Friday night Rothschild closed up his sa
loon as usual about 3 o'clock and went to
his home. The same morning when called
for breakfast by his wife he complained
of feeling sick ahd remained at the house
during the day. He was attended by Dr.
Frederick T. Bond, but nothing could be
done to save his life. His -widow and
daughter had attributed his death to an
accident caused by his drinking whisky
out of a bottle that had contained rough
on rats and which had not been cleaned
since the deadly mixture had been in It.
Coroner Hill, however. ignores the acci
dental cause and is pronounced In his
opinion that Rothschild commit!- suicide
with deliberate intent. Out of a feeling
of kindness for the family Dr. Hill per
mitted the body to remain at the resi
dence, wh«»re an autopsy will be held to
day. The deceased leaves a widow and
four young children to mourn over his sad
death.
B>Walfi£/)(*£ttitt&
Restores youth to the aged and Infirm—rejuve
nates every human function that makes life
desirable. The product of the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Ass'n.
Found in the Bay.
The body of an unknown man was
found floating in the bay below long
bridge yesterday afternoon. Deceased
was about 60 years of age, was dressed
like a laborer and had apparently been
in the water about two days. He had evi
dently been an inmate of the City and
County Hospital, as he wore a night shirt
such as is used in that institution. There
was a fresh wound on his right side as
though an abscess had recently been re
moved. The body is lying at the Morgue
awaiting identification.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh st.. corner Mission. Salt water,
Alrtct from ocean.
HE BUILT A HORSELESS
CARRIAGE OF HIS OWN
A MONTH ago there Issued
from the basement of the
residence of J. A. Meyer, 1415
Twenty-fourth street, a
horseless carriage that Is
now the pride of Noe Val
ley. Ever since, on pleasant days, it
.__ been careering over the streets
if the city, distancing the speediest
roadsters and increasing the colony
of rubbernecks, for which this city is
justly famous. They cannot resist
the temptation to turn their heads
when Meyer's machine whizzes by.
The machine is entirely the product
of the brain and hands of Mr. Meyer.
He is foreman for the J. P. Hicks Gas
Engine Company, a designer and me
chanic of ability. Twelve years ago
while in the employ of Baker & Ham
ilton at Benicia, long before any one
else thought of such a thing, he was
seized with a desire to make ,a horse
less carriage. He went as far as con
structing the engine, when unexpected
difficulties arose, and he abandoned
the project, storing the engine In his
basement on Twenty-fourth street,
where it still stands. A sterling trib
ute was given to his skill in 1593. At
that time he exhibited at the Me
chanics' Fair a miniature Corliss en
gine, which "'was run during the expo
sition and for which he was given a
diploma of honor. ' ', '.-_-. ?
Meyer never abandoned the idea of
the horseless carriage, but did no
work upon It until two years ago,
when he happened to see running
through the park the vehicle' Imported
by Charles Fair. At that the ancient
fever seized him and he set to work,
the result being the perfect machine
that now carries himself, his wife and
children at a faster pace and in finer
style than any nabob In the city. At
the present time the machinery is per
MUSICAL SERVICES
AT EMMANUEL BAPTIST
HANDSOME NEW PIPE ORGAN
IS DEDICATED.
Rev. J. George Gibson, the Pastor,
Delivers an Eloquent Sermon
Before a Large Congre
gation.
The Emmanuel Baptist Church was
crowded last night by a congregation as
sembled to attend the dedication of the
handsome new pipe organ. The altar and
the , aisle approaches were handsomely
decorated with flowers. The new organ Is
built on the left of the chancel and well
situated with a view to the attainment' of
the best acoustic effects.
The services were musical in character.
The barytone solo, "Glory to Christ.. Our
King." was sung with deep emotion and
full solemnity. "The Lord of the Ages"
•was rendered by Mr. Russel Dowry with
great feeling. The last solo was a hymn
by Miss A. Lahl.
Rev. J. George Gibson, the pastor, de
livered the evening sermon, selecting for
his text "The Song of Moses and the
Lamb." He spoke of man's mission in life
and the fruits which come from a life of
Integrity, honor and truth.
The new organ has been raised by sub
scription and represents in a great meas
ure the unceasing labors of the pastor.
Y. M. C. A. Lunches.
The last public gathering to take place
In the old building of the Young Men's
GRAND COUNCIL OF
CHOSEN FRIENDS
W. M- SAVAGE' of San Pedro, Next Grand Councilor of
the Order for the Current Term
THE Grand Council of the Order of Chosen Friends will be hold in the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' building next Tuesday, when the rep
resentatives will legislate for the next- two years. W. H. Savage, an at
torney. of San Pedro, will be promoted to the office of grand councilor.
On the evening of that ''day there will be a reception to the delegates In the
Assembly Hall of the Odd Fellows' building.
THE SAN CISCO- CALL, - MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1899.
fect, working without -a hitch, but it
is not covered by the stylish box, a
four-seated phaeton affair, that
Meyer is . having built for It. As a
temporary affair he has a wagon
body made of redwood, which answers
all the purposes of exhibition.
As it stands, Meyer's horseless car
riage weighs SOO pounds, and at its
highest speed can be whisked over the
ground at the rate of eighteen miles
an hour. The motive power is fur
nished by a three and a half horse
power engine, weighing 200 pounds,
which is carried under the rear seat,
this is fed with naphtha gas, which It
aerates itself, and which is Ignited
In the explosion chamber 'if the cylin
der by a spark produced by an eight-
.-11 dry battery. The exhaust is taken
up so perfectly in condensers under
the wagon body that there Is neither
noise nor smoke. The wheels have
solid cushion tires and roller bear
ings, assuring an easy, noiseless mo
tion, as was proved by a ride on the
carriage over none too smooth a
road. The combination brake and
steering gear and the water circula
tion in the engine are absolutely per
fect.
The naphtha tank will contain
enough of that fluid to generate gas
for a run of twelve hours, and enough
more can be carried in cans to triple
the running radius. Altogether, it
seems as perfect a machine as could
be turned out of any factory.
Christian Association. 232 Sutter- street,
will be held this week, when a series of
lunches are to be given for the benefit of
the extension of the work in the State and
among the United States troops at Ma
nila. The different denominations will
serve as follows: Tuesday, the Presby
terians; Wednesday. Baptists. Christians,
Germans and Episcopalians; Thursday,
Methodists; Friday, Congregationalisms.
Price of lunch 2;" cents, served from 11 to
2 o'clock each day.
DEVELOPMENT IN SHASTA.
Lumber Mill and a Railroad to Be
Built in That County.
Cogglns Bros., the well-known lumber
men of Shasta County, are negotiating for
another large tract of timber land in that
county with the Southern Pacific Com
pany. They possess several large pieces
In the vicinity of Slate Creek, on the west
side of the Sacramento River, north of
Delta. They propose to build a railroad
from their lands to Slatonls, on the Cali
fornia and Oregon road, about two and a
half miles north of Delta. The length
of the road will be about twelve miles.
They will also put up large mills for the
purpose- of working up the lumber that Is
cut. Work on this enterprise is to be
commenced shortly.
Took Carbolic Acid.
'Mrs. Alice Cochrane, 30 years of age,
was found in her room at 734 Montgomery
street shortly after 6 o'clock last night
suffering from carbolic acid poisoning.
She was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where it was ascertained that
she had not taken enough of the drug to
cause death. Her husband, who Is a
longshoreman, left her some time ago and
since then she has been keeping a lodging
house. The venture failed, and a few
days ago she closed the house.
THROWN FROM A
CABLE CAR AND
BADLY INJURED
Mrs. Beach's Serious
Accident.
CARELESS GRIPMAN AGAIN
STARTED THE . CAR WHILE SHE
WAS ALIGHTING.
Refused to Stop After the Accident
I and Her -Year-Old Son
Jumped, Also Hurting
j. ' Himself.
Criminal, carelessness on th,e part of j
employes of the Market Street Railway \
I Company may' result fatally in the case ;
; of Mrs. James Beach, wife of Policeman \
', James Beach,' who' was thrown from a '
i street car last Saturday afternoon. The j
! lady resides at 3547 Twenty-second street, !
and was about to transfer to a Fillmore j
' street car from Haight street, on the re
turn from the park to her home, when she j
I met with an accident serious in the ex-
I treme. .'-'--.■■ "">: : .^-
'Mrs: Beach , was on board Haight street !
car No. 195, and had secured her transfer j
to "Fillmore street. She attempted to i
alight from the car, but the grlpman, re
gardless of her effort, started the vehicle.
She was thrown violently to the ground
and ' badly injured about the head and I
chest. The woman was in a delicate con
dition, and grave results are feared as a i
The car continued on its journey, and
Mrs.' Beach's little four-year-old son, who
accompanied -her, and who still remained
on the car, called to both conductor and
grlpman to stop. Neither of them paid
any attention to the child, and he
jumped to the ground about fifty feet
from where his mother was lying. He
also received several cuts and bruises.
Last evening Mrs. Beach was In a crit
ical : condition, and the attending physi
cians entertain but little hope of her re
covery. The family are properly in
censed over the affair, and a suit will
shortly be commenced against the rail
way company.-
A BRUTAL MOTORMAN.
Harvey Smith Thrown From a Car
at Fourth ana Harrison.
Harvey Smith, an old man residing at
16 Shotwell street, Was thrown from a
Fourth street car at Fourth and Harri
son streets early this morning by Motor
man'William Brown, sustaining a severe
scalp Wound. The man was a little under
the Influence of liquor and, the motorman
says, was taken with an epileptic tit.
which required his ejection. Two wit
nesses, Charles L. Kinard of 60S 1 -- Fran
cisco street and A. Hogrede of I_4^_ Sil
ver street,- say that Brown used much
force in ridding himself or the objection
able passenger. When Smith fell his head
struck the cobblestones and it was at
first thought that his skull was fractured,
but at the Receiving Hospital It was
found that his wound was not of so seri
ous a nature. : :''~,:S< -
A HAPPY GOLDEN JUBILEE.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Pinto Receive
gil; Congratulations of Friends.
Rabbi and Mrs. Adolph Pinto celebrated
their golden jubilee at their residence,
806' Vallejo street, yesterday afternoon.
After the repetition of the ceremony
which was so happily performed half. a
century ago, the aged couple received the
warmest congratulations from a host of
friends. Among the callers were: ->-•
S. Peilaek, Mr. Friedman, Mr. Asher, Mr. i
Cohen,' Mr. Solomon and Mr. Levy of the Con- '
I gregation Sharcth Zadiek; Sam Inaca Mr '
! Qalish. Mrs. Sol Isaacs, Mr. Bowen, Mr. and •
I Mrs. I. Fox, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Danert, Miss
I B. Fisher, Miss H. Holt*. John Rae, Frank
I I>ottristz, Paul Lemeteyar, Miss Clara Hyma'n
; Mrs. S. Levy," Miss Ella Thrall, Miss .lan.'
! Cohen, Miss Anna Kramer, Mrs. E. Rosen
berg, Mrs. M. Kaufman, Mrs. C. Levy, Mrs.
S. Ben*-, M. Friedman. Mrs. J. Sicilian. Mtts i
! G. Slchlan, Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, M. i~. Asher.
Mrs; A. Rothman, William Henderson, Mrs.
Neuhause, Miss A. Cohen, Senator A. Cohen
and -wife, M. Marx. Miss Fannie Cohen. Miss
H. sCohen, Miss E. Bellevae, Mr. Patrick, Miss
I. Isaacs, Mrs. M. Caen, Mr. and Mrs. I.
, Sllberstein, Mr. and Mrs. Abrahams, Mrs. '
Kirschner, Miss B. Cohen, Mrs M Friedman.
Mrs. G. Abrahams. Mrs. M. Plato, Mr. and
Mrs.'Kuhlman', Mr. and ."Mrs. I. Cohen, Mr.
, and Mrs. S.-Kootsky, Miss Gussie Frag, Miss
Carrie Frag, Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Thrall, Miss
Battle Prag," Miss Bella Frag, R. 8. McCabe,
Mr. and Mrs. George Sllberstein, Mr. and Mrs.
J.- Sllberstein." Miss B. Rice, R. J. Cohen, Mrs.
Daniel Meyer, Mr. and Mrs. Mathlas Meyer,
Mrs; Rothschild, Mr. ami Mrs. L. Goldberg.
Mrs. K. Levispn. Miss Mac Keller. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Pinto, Mr. and Mrs. William Pinto,
Mr. and Mrs: Emanuel- Pinto. Mr. and Mrs.
' Joseph Pinto, .Mr. and Mr-;. Benjamin Pinto,
Ellas Pinto, Mrs. Jacob Pinto. Mr. and Mrs.
G." I. Pinto, Mr.. Fogelsdorf, Mr. Cornlca, Mr.
j Landsburger, E. .Davje, Mr. and Mrs E. Reeh.
S. Fisher, L. Durrsteln, • Miss Louisa Wetzel
| and -Miss Campodonlco. •
■ » ■» «
Knights Templar Drill Corps.
A -drill and social of the drill corps of ■
California Commandery No. 1, Knights
Templar, will be given at Odd Fellows' !
Hall on' the evening of Thursday, April
13. A' train consisting of four buffet Pull
man cars and a-" combination car will
leave the foot of Market street at 4 p. m. :
Friday, April 21. for Sacramento, carry- i
ing excursionists to, the session of the :
Grand Commandery. , to be held in that
city. On arrival at Sacramento the party
will be met by Sacramento Commanderv
No. 2. in full uniform; and escorted to
the Golden Eagle Hotel, where a special
dinner will be- served. At 9:30 Sacramento
Commandery will escort the party to the
Crocker Art) Gallery, whore a reception
and banquet will be tendered to the la
dles and Sir. Knights and friends by Sac- l
ramento Commandery No. 2. The follow
ing day will be devoted to eight seeing,
carriages drive* and an excursion to Fol- j
som, it desired. ■.:,--.
On Saturday evening, In Agricultural
Pavilion, the great competitive drill be
tween California, Los Angeles, San Jose
and Golden Gate commnndertes will take
place, to be followed by dancing.
"The Power of Example."
Yesterday being Low Sunday, Rev. E.
B. Spalding, pastor of St. John's Epis
copal ' Church, preached from the text,
"So, even i here unto, were ye called, be
cause Christ also suffered for us. leaving
us. an example that' ye should follow, in
this step," First Peter xi:2l. The power of
human example was touched upon, and
more especially the example which Christ
has set us in all things from the least to
the greatest and which Christian people
are bound to follow. Five essential at
tributes were 'named as noticeable in
those who i follow. in his steps— humility,
suffering, self-sacrifice, work and love.
At the evening service Dr. Spaulding also
spoke upon r the- power of example. •
Cut ,TV \i h a Beer Glass.
Thomas Maguire, an ex-baseball player
and now employed; in the' navy yard at
i Mare-Island, went : into the saloon at 35
! Eddy street yesterday afternoon and
I quarreled with August M. Meyer, the pro- j
j prietor, about drinks. He struck at Meyer,
! but could not reach' him, so he picked up
a beer glass and threw it at him. The
I glass hit Meyer: on the left ear and neck,
cutting both. Meyer, was taken to the
Receiving . Hospital, and Maguire to the
City Prison by Policeman W. ,W. Wilson,
where a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon was booked against him.
Fails to Commit Suicide.
WOODLAND, April 9.— Mrs. Lucian
Johnson attempted to commit suicide at
Caoheville .yesterday . afternoon by. swal
lowing carbolic .-acid. : 11l -health Is as
signed as the cause. She will recover. -
ANCIENT ORDER
OF HIBERNIANS
ATTEND MASS
Received Communion
in, a Body. :
■»
IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES
GENTLEMEN'S ; SODALITY AT ST.
IGNATIUS. " " ~ ;;- ;^
Father MacCorry Says Mass on l>oard
"the — Father Wyman's Ser
mon on the "Resurrec- '
tion." '' -
St. Joseph's Church, corner of Tenth
and Howard streets,' was crowded at the
S o'clock mass yesterday, it being the
date for the annual receiving of holy
communion by ,the Ancient Order, of Hi
bernians. The , members "of the well
known organization met in their head
quarters at 120 Ninth street at 7:15 a. m.,
and, led by their officers,' nearly 400
marched to the church and occupied seats
In the body of the edifice. Father Crow
ley of the Youths' Directory said mass
and .administered communion to the.so
ciety. He also delivered a short address
complimenting the men on their splendid
organization, and . appealed to | them -to
continue their good work. Music appro
priate to the occasion was rendered by
the St. Joseph's choir.. - • -
Seven hundred members of the Gentle
men's Sodality attended the 7:30 mass at
St. Ignatius Cathedral and fulfilled their
Paschal duties. The members wete at
tired in their, regalia. Father Hlckey, di
rector of the sodality, was celebrant. Im
mediately after mass the, men marched
to their headquarters, and concluded the
ceremonies by reciting the Tedeum.
At. St. Mary's Cathedral the boys and
girls of the cathedral parish received
their first communion. Vicar General the
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast -celebrated
-mass. As the children entered the sa
cred edifice the organist played Mozart's
"Gloria." After they had sung a hymn
Father Prendergast said mass, accompan
ied by the organ. At the conclusion of
the service Father, Prendergast-Instruct
ed the young ones. At 11 o'clock mass
Father Prendergast- delivered; the sermon
and mass was sung by Father Dempsey.
In the afternoon. the children .assembled
in the cathedral, enrolled In the scapular
and given further instruction by Father
J. B. Hanlgan. « > - , -, •
At the special Invitation of Chaplain
Brown of the battleship lowa, Father
MacCorry, C. S. P., celebrated mass on
ship board yesterday morning. The serv
ices were- Impressive and were attended
by, nearly the entire crew. The eloquent
young priest delivered a short but effec
tive discourse during the services. ,- ."•?.
Father Wvman delivered a brilliant ser
mon on "The Power tof the Resurrection"
at St. Mary's. In part, he said:
"There is no doctrine preached by the
Apostles that excited greater opposition
among their hearers than the doctrine of
the Resurrection. The Pharisees opposed
It because of their hatred of Christ and;
their unwillingness to believe that "one
whom they had put to death' as. a male
factor was the 'first fruits of them that
Bleep.' The Sadducees rejected it as an
Impossibility. "As Holy Scripture says,
they believed neither in Resurrection { nor
spirit nor angel. - r "
"When also St. Paul preached the doc
trine at Athens, some of the Greeks
mocked; others said, 'We will hear you
again about this matter.' 'There were
even doubts and difficulties among pro
fessing Christians on this great . point,
which had to be cleared up by; St. Paul.
Perhaps no fact indicates more -clearly
the almost universal disbelief in this doc
trine, among the civilized Romans . than
that cremation was a common method- of
disposing of the dead.. . _,'•'•
"The Christian doctrine of the - Resur
rection is essential to the belief in mans
immortality, because man is a composite
being, having both, soul and body. The
union of the soul and body In man is sub
stantial, hence if man Is. to live hereafter
in a perfect state his body after death
must be united to his soul." •'.;:;;
AT PARK AND BEACH.
Owing to the Cold Weather Crowds
Were Small.
It was cold and disagreeable at the park
and . beach yesterday, and hte small
crowds that ventured from their
homes to seek - pleasure- '. in the
open soon . returned to shelter. The
drive was small, as were, the number of
wheelmen. No accidents occurred to liven
matters up. so altogether it was a 'very
dull day.
Notwithstanding the ' cold ' weather an
average crowd visited the Chutes. A new
illusion and the London door maze- have
been added to the many attractions^ at
the grounds; and - were well - patronized
throughout the day. Many. people also
congregated at Sutro's' Baths to witness
the aquatic contests. Following are the
results: -•.-..--•.■>..
50-yard dash (novice), . H. - Irving- first
and A. McKenzle, second;, 50-yard flash
(juvenile), H. Irving first. and J.-Benzon
second- high diving. C. Donovan first and
P • Guerin second; obstacle race througli
small tank, B. "Wlnfield. first and H. Irv
ing second; fancy trapeze and springboard
diving, A. Irving first and P. Guerin sec-
H Irving having ; captured three, first
prizes was declared champion' of i the day.
Were They Good ?
Date Saturday night the grocery store
and saloon bwned by Charles .Menn;-sit
uated at the corner of Seventh a"nd How
ard streets, was broken -into; and -several
: hundred cigars and some boxes of , cigar
' ettes were stolen., The. thief gained an en
; trance to the saloon over the transom of
the front door. The police at the South
; crn station are Investigating- the case. \
. ADVERTISEMENTS. / '
1 1 ii •■'•■- ■ - - ' l :
I Miss lockhearfs
LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM. :
[LETTER TO MRS. PINK-AM NO. 67,104]
44 1 cannot express my gratitude to
you for the good that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
for me. I have taken five bottles of
the Compound and two boxes of Liver
Pills and feel better : in every respect.
I had suffered for years with dropsy;
the veins in my limbs burst, caused
from the pressure of the water. I had
the worst kind of kidney trouble, faint-
ing spells, and I could not stand long
at a time I also had female weakness
and the doctor said there was a tumor
in my left side. The pains I had to
stand were something - v dreadful. • 'A
friend handed me a little book of yours,
so I got your medicine and it has saved
my life. I felt better from the first
bottle. The bloating , : and the tumors
have all gone and I do not suffer any
pain. lam still using the Vegetable
Compound ' and hope others may find
relief as I have done from its use."—
Miss N. J. Lockheaet, Box 16, Eliza-
beth, Pa. ■
Only the women who have suffered
with' female troubles can : fully appre-
ciate" the gratitude of * those . who ' have
been restored to health. . !'.
Mrs.. Pinkham responds quickly and
withoutcharge to all letters from suffer-
ing women. Her address is" Lynn, Mass.
• , - - . ADVERTISEMENTS. -'.;;-.<-,<
— e_____, | ■ , .- 1,1 I 111 _-_-_______—. ______ ____—_.
0 CITY OF PARIS A
L l £> DRY : : : .STOCKTON LA |
W'C GOODS .'.^^^^cGEARY . (/ ' V
pT^ffl Monday, Tuesday and «f^^i|
||p? Wednesday &3H
~jo Special Offering of J /**") ,
ijK'^V Millinery Novelties at /o--Ci
7 a Popular Prices. *\^ /
> >> Ladies' Stylish Hats for $10.00 / I
T-- ' f Ladies' Stylish Hats for. $15.00 / /
/ Ladies' Stylish Hats for $20.00 j
J 1 Mail and express /
) \. orders receive prompt / V
/!. y attention. / \
I "".'-V:* _■__.— _—_i__i__. m — ~ -I __-*e,ge_ t -,_■■
tget the start you.
ous. Don't let it
get the. start of you.
A few doses of my
" Cold Cure will
break up any form ;
of cold In ft few !
hours and prevent j
grippe, diphtheria
and pneumonia. It j
. should be In every
home and every vest
v,,, -_..,.-, than a life lnsur- j
.J. j tV,;! __ cc po ]l C y I
1 I I MUNYON. *
At "all drncßlsts. _Gc. a Hat Guide to Health
mil Vedlrnl ='''\' r f^J^
j^g|^|^- Doctor
JjjF^ iS MEYERS
Pit "_^^r^l^\ Specialists for Men
'(%(» "--""^Sa^y tVxIJe These physicians have been
Vv%t'» Ps._^ t§^ '""ring weakness ami evn~
\\-fl_ , ».' ' ' \sfi ,r » ct * d ailments sine-e ]BSI.
V«1 V)?' i y(____»si Tt,ey have the '"??** and
iMeWi re?wSifS^ Ij, " !t eqalri>ed i)ie.lical in-
,-s iKWeji rfl% Il!S_3_jS«j»stitntion,1 l!S_3_jS«j»stitntion, and the ni "* t . ex-
f&i. 1 \T— i (i^K^V^KwS^ tsnslve practice in the U. 3.
_S__K \ \ xSS 3 Tntortunate men who can-
?l_V^^i ▼^^_S_3-_. vlce ""^ P riv *' e huok —
ESTABLISHED 17 YEARS. " _ AL, T' FI^ E v*
Tnou»aiKis cureel at horn*.
All letters confidential. No Charge for Consultation.
731 K"S?CMCO [Elevator Entrance.
ijjg^ -sot«.A ? Hio osn-^a B| DA
ftia^- YITALIS !
THE NEW
rartF- ioth Day. ■«!»• -'Tit, if. rilE-nUnaa
VITAUS ' 0!! ,B2y ■»• * RF^EOY
I'KODKfcS TiIKABOVK 3e-thD..v. -19 _■_! S B I
BESI-leTS. It quickly tsnrely removes Nervousness. Impotency, :
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscr»tion7 Restores Lett Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
Won. Cures when all others fall. Insist on having VITALIR,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
per paeVajteorsii. for £5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or '
H-in-fl the Money. Circular Free. Adrtrws ■ •
CAM-MET CI RE CO., 884 Dearborn St., C_lca_« '
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
J^^^m rupture.
■^^~^'---^ I uss NO MORE iron '
V^LK^mQ^S^^ Hoops or Steel Spring..
F^VSfIJEkS'-* Rupture retained with eases
3__r_rt an ' 1 comfort, and thousands radi-
al /Si* cally CURED iiy DR. PIERCE-3
ti /M) Magnetic Elastic Titjbs. C-T Call at i
■T^^V - cfflceor write for New Pamphlet No. 1. |
RAQNHTIC ELASTIC TRUSS : CO.. .
(20 Market it. opp. Palace Hotel. SanFrancUco. |
"DR.MCNULTYr !
ntHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD i
J. Specialistcn»r.t Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o.' Menoiift/. BOok on Private. Diseases and |
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20 y'rs* experience. ;
Patients cured Rome. Terinsrensotinhlf. llonrs9
t63diil)v:<* »KiH::iii ev'gs. Sundavs, Iotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ItOSCUK MoXI'IiTY. M.D.
26'_ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. gggfASl
Morosco Amusement Co Lessee.
' " ' THIS EVENING AT S. •'•r,V-'' V ";
THE SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
In J. Strauss' Dainty Waltz Opera,
"THE QUEEN'S
LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
A >- Production (at These Popular Prices:
Orchestra Chairs ............50c, 73c and $1
Entire, Dress Circle' (reserved) 50c
Entire Family Circle (reserved) 23c
Gallery 15c
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES ...".:......:..... .....15c, Be, 50c and Toe
NEXT WEEK ~77~.~. "ERMINIE."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
2— Afternoon Recitals — 2
SAUER
WEDNESDAY - - - . - - April 1 9th
AND
FRIDAY - - -' - - April 21st
' AT 2:13 — -
PRICES FR0M,. ...:...:..... ,....5! TO $3
KNABE PIANO. USED.
The sale of seats will . begin at Kohler &
Chase's and the -Opera- House Box Office Sat-
urday morning, April 15
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
Last Production of the Season— THE
BOSTONIANS.
Presenting the Ever Popular
FPOBIN MOOD
Summer Is Coming— So Is
..."A HOT OLD TIME"...
• CALIFORNIA THEATER, April 17.
miss lilliapTrurkhart
And Company, in the Refined Comedy. "Tha
Lady of the Rowan Tree."
MLLE. CLARA LARDINOIS,
Chanteuse Lyric.
• Two More Rig Hits,
MARSHALL F». -A/ILDER.
AND
KARA "THE C_R_2*VT."
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and Her "Black
Cherubs"- HENGLER SISTERS. POLK AND
KOLLINS. and PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK. '.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Laugh maker,
HUMBUG!
THREE HOURS OF SOLID FUN.
PRICES ------ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
NEXT WEEK— "A BAD LOT."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
—THIS EVENING AT B.—
THE BIG SHOW.
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA. ,
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS
MIRTH and MAGIC— FUN and FROLIC.
MERRY DANCERS ■
SEE THE CRYSTAL STAIRCASE.
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2.—*
POPULAR PRICES, 25c and SOc.
:'"- Our Telephone Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
Don't Get Lost in the LONDON MAZE.
See LUNETTE the Hypnotic Marvel.
COMING— THE MINIATURE RAILWAY.
AMATEUR TRILBYJJANCE THURSDAY.
Reserved Seats by Telephone, Steiner 1861
10c to All, Including Theater and Zoo; Chll-
i dren, sc. ,
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
THE STEEPLECHASE,
: CENTRAL PARS, Market and Eighth Sts.
Don't fail to see CAPTAIN ADOLPK
FREITSCH and his THIRTY-FOOT BOAT, in
1 which he will make a voyage around the world.
I Now on exhibition daily. Grounds open from
noon to midnight. NO EXTRA I CHARGE.
TEN CENTS ADMISSION, including ride on
the "Horses.'' etc. ''
56
OAKLAND TRIES
TO PLAY WITH A
CRIPPLED TEAM
Two Men Sent to the
Repair Shop.
A CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS
HAMMOND AND DUNLEAVY ARE
BADLY INJURED.
Hardie Breaks All the Catchers'
Masks, Murphy Loses His Shoes
and San Jose Has an
Easy Time.
After sending two of his men off to the
hospital in an ambulance and digging
around among the bleachers for volun
teers to fill up the gap in his ranks. Man
ager Ewing yesterday watched his Oak
land misfits give way before the prune
pickers in .1 game replete with swats and
mispiays.
The slaughter occurred right at the out
set of the game, when his two catchers
were carried off the battlefield In rapid
succession. This so -heartened the
others, particularly Moskiman, that they
were unable to make any stand against
the giants from the prune belt. Moski
man. who is usually a mystery to oppos
ing batsmen, could do nothing better than
sail straight, juicy ones up the main
ais'.e, fifteen of which were dispatched to
portions of the field that were unpro
tected.
San Jose was first at bat and Hammond
donned the mask and air cushion for the ■
cripples. Hardly a half dozen balls had
been pitched before Hammond was caught
with a foul tip between the thumb and
forefinger of his right hand, splitting that
member down to the center of the palm.
He was sent to the Receiving Hospital
and Dunleavy called in from center field,
Shea, the change pitcher, who was play
ing on the bench, going into the field. San
Jose was retired without a run and Oak
land went to bat.
Dunleavy led off with a beautiful three
cushion shot, but had to slide into the bag
to beat the ball. He went # in feet first
and caught his foot in the strap, giving
his ankle a terrible wrench. He was as
sisted to the clubhouse and into his street
clothes, and as soon as his shoe was re
moved his ankle swelled to the size of his
calf. -
Game had to be called until Manager
Ewing could find somebody to fill out the
team. Finally Ford, who caught last
season for the Athletics, was drafted,
and while he was getting into a uniform,
"Clam Juice Lou" endeavored to adjust
himself to a mask, as it was the Intention
to have him go behind the bat. Hardies
head became so enlarged at the thought
of getting back Into his old-time posi
tion that he broke the straps to both of
the face-protectors, and there being no
birdcages In the neighborhood for him
to use- as a substitute, he was. perforce,
compelled to continue In the right
meadow, while Ford did the receiving.
This closed Oakland's chapter of ac
cidents with the exception of Murphy,
who forgot his Working shoes and was
obliged to play in his street footgear,
which destroyed his lack of confidence In
himself when he attempted to move
about. But the team had lost heart, and
that meant the game. Lange made two
costly errors, one of which, combined
with a bungle by Lee Hammond, re
sulted in six runs in the- fourth inning.
Klelber made some embalmed-beef
plays for San Jose, but Fatty will always
make- errors, for he never shirks any
thing that comes anywhere near him.
The triple that Dunleavy tore off in the
first netted a run for Oakland, which was
balanced In the second by San Jose.
Eagan getting a single and completing
the circuit on Mosklman's throw Into the
field to head off Andrews at first. They
got another in the third, two singled and
a long fly to Hardie letting Foley get
around.
The fourth Inning tore the life out of
the game. Klelber. the first man up, was
safe on Hammond's fumble. Eagan was
given a pass and Andrews hit to Mos
kiman. who threw to Lange to head off
Klelber. The ball struck Fred's hands
fairly and bounded out, Kleiber scoring
and Andrews reaching first, when a
double play was in order, which would
have retired the side. Andrews tried to
steal second, but was thrown out by
Ford, who duplicated the performance
twice afterward, to the intense disgust
of the blond twirler. Then came the
bombardment on Moskiman. Kent, Mc-
Gucken, Foley, Anderson and Hanlon
followed with singles, which with Dal
rymple'B long fly to Hardie scored five
more tallies, a total of six for the inning.
San Jose finished Its run-getting in the
fifth, scoring one run, although the first
four men up made nice, safe shots. Eagan
led off with a single, stole second and
scored on Andre drive. The pitcher
made another futile attempt to steal sec
ond, when if he had waited he could have
gone the rounds on Kent's and MeGucken's
safe shots. As it was, both of those men
were left on bases.
Oakland tallied again in that inning.
Murphy getting around on errors by
Klelber and Andrews and a single by
Hammond. Hits by Murphy. Lange and
Hammond gave them one more run in the
ninth, but It was of no importance as far
as the outcome was effected.
Ford has been signed to do the catching
for Oakland until W. Hammond gets back
into the game, and he may be retained
permanently, for Borland, who was signed
because of his batting powers, is not hit
ting at all this season. Manager Ewing
will also replace Murphy at first as soon
as lie can find a good baseman. Murphy
is a fine player and hard hitter, but he
Ib unable to get away from his business
to play during the week, and the team is
badly handicapped thereby.
The team is in a bad way just now, for
Donovan, who was compelled to retire
from Saturday's game, will - not be in
shape again for two or three weeks, and
with W. Hammond and Dunleavy laid up
it takes three of the best run-getters out
of the game. The score:
SAN JOSE.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MeC-uckcn, c. f 6 1 2 0 2 0 0
Foley, r. f 4 2 3 12 0 0
Anderson. 2 b 5 112 6 4 0
Dalrymple, l. f 5 0 2 2 10 0
Hanlon. lb 5 0 1 0 G o 0
Klelber. s. b 5 10 0 3 13
Eagan. 3 b 4 3 3 2 0 & 0
Andrews, p 4 o 1 0 0 0 1
Kent, c 4 12 0 7 10
Totals 41 0 15 7 27 11 ~4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dunleavy, c 1110 I 0 0
Fchmeer, s. s ........ 4 0 0 0 C 2 0
Murphy, l b 4 2 11 9 0 0
Lange, 3 b 4 0 2 0 12 2
L. Hammond, 2 b... 5 0 2 1 1 0 1
Borland, r. f 4 0 0 0.100
Moskiman, p 5 0 1 0 1 J 1
Shea, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hardie. r. f 2 0 10 10 0
Ford, c 3 0 0 13 5\ 0
Totals 36 3 8 3 27 12 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 11610000—9
Base hit 5......... 1 12 6 4 0 6 1 I—ls
Oakland l 0001000 1-3
Base hits 1 10 0 1110 3—B
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for Andrews, 2: Moskiman,
S. Three-base Dunleavy. Two-base hit—
Foley. First base on errors— Jose, 4: Oak
land. 3. First base on called balls— San Jose, 2;
Oakland. 6. Left on bases— San Jose, S; Oak
land. 13. Struck out— By Andrews, 7: by
Moskiman. 4. Hit by pitcher— Andrews. Ford.
Trouble play— Eacan to Anderson to Hanlon.
Time of frame 2:_"e. Umpire— Creamer. Official
scorer — Stapleton.
Uncle Wins the Series.
WATSONVILLE. April 9.-In the pres
ence of a large and enthusiastic audience
of baseball fans the Watsonville "Sugar
Beets" succumbed to Uncle Hank Harris'
Frisco lads to-day by a score of 3 to 1.
I: was one of the most interesting games
ever played here. The only two errors
were made by Catcher Morrow of the
Watsonvilles. Both were on throws to
second and were responsible for one run.
Both Iberg and Whalen were batted free
ly, but their excellent support saved them
from more base hits. Trie Watsonville
lads were very unsuccessful in landing
their hits in safe territory. The home
team redeemed themselves for the poor
playing done yesterday, which was due,
no doubt, to lack of harmony among the
players. The public was again disap
pointed to-day !n not seeing -a regular
league umpire present. Below is the score:
"WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Franks. 2 b 3 0 0 10 2 0
McCarthy, 3 b 3 0 2 0 3 3 0
Courtney, s. s 4 0 1 0 1 4 0
Selna, lb 4 0 1 0 11 0 0
Plake, c. f 4 0 0 0 4 10
Morrow, c 3 0 1 0 3 1 2
Hayes, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 10
Harper, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whelan, t> 2 l 2 0 0 l 0
Totals 29 1 7 1 21 13 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne. c. f 3 12 2 0 0 0
Riley. 3 b... 3 0 2 0 2 10
■i-i :r-- --'-'-■ ' % -■*:■ . ■■*.■-'._■".-- -
SIDELIGHTS AND HEADLIGHTS ON THE GAME.
King, s. s 4 110 2 7 0
Sullivan, lb 3 0 0 0 13 0 0
Hildebrandt, r. f.... 3 12 0 2 0 0
Muller, 1. t 4 0 10 4 0 0
O'Nell, 2 b 3 0 2 0 2 3"
Hartman, c 2 0 0 0 2 1 0
Iberg, p 4,000020
Totals 29 3 10 2 27 14 0
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Watsonville 0 0000000 I—l
Base hits 0 0 2 0 0 1 1 1 2—7
San Francisco 2 00000010—3
Base hits 2 2 0 1 2 0 1 2 o—lo
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— McCarthy, Riley. Sacrifice
hits— McCarthy. Hartman, O'Nell. Double
plays— Hayes to Courtney to Selna; Iberg to
King to Sullivan; King to O'Nell. Bases on
balls— Watsonville 1, San Francisco 3. Hit by
pitcher— Whalen. Struck out— By Whalen 3,
by Iberg 2. Passed ball— Morrow. Left on
bases— Watsonville 4, San Francisco 9. Time of
game— l:2o. • Umpire— Green. Scorer—
Beckham. : : '- ■v ■
Senators Defeat the Lobsters.
SACRAMENTO, April 9.— Fifteen hun
dred people saw the Statesmen defeat the
Santa Cruzans this afternoon by a score
of 6 to 4. The game was very fast from
the start, and interest never flagged. The
locals took three runs in the first and
three in the second inning, while the
Beachcombers crossed the plate three
times in the fourth and once in the sixth.
The feature of the game was Clark's long
drive over right field fence, a thing which
never before had been accomplished on
the Oak Park diamond. -,'-•;: *•„)-
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO.vA. E.
Peeples, 3 b 5 0 0 0 1 *0 0
Doyle, p 5 12 0 0 10
Hughes, c. t 3 2 10 3 10
Stanley, C. 3 1 1 0 7 0.0
Lockhead. s. s 4 110 3 2 1
Shanahan, lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
Walker, I. f 4 0 0 0 10 1
Sheehan. 2 b... 4 0 10 2 4 0
B-e kwlth, r. t 3 12 0 10 1
Totals 35 6 9 027 . .' 3
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, s. b 4 0 10 3 6-1
Donlln, r. f 4 2 10 10 0
Devereau-, 3 b 4 0 1112 0
Pace, c 2 1 0 0 5 0 0
'•lark, lb 4 1 .1 0 14 0 0
Strleb. 1. f 3 0 1110 0
Cameron, c. f 4 0 0 0 0 10
Arrellanes, 2 b 3 0 0 0 2 4 0
Balsz, p 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 31 4 5 2 27 14 1
v;- "RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—6
Base hit- 3 3 0 10 0 10 I—9
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 3 0 1 0 0 o—4
Base hits 0 0 0 3 2 0 0 0 o—s
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Doyle 2. Balsz 6. Home
run. Clark. Twobase hits— Hughes, Stanley,
Beckwlth. Williams. Sacrifice hits— Peeples,
Beckwlth. Base on errors— Sacramento l, Santa
Cruz 1. Base on balls— Off Doyle 3. off Balsz
1. Left on. bases— Sacramento 5, Santa Cruz 3.
Struck out— By Doyle '.'.. by Bain 4. Hit by
pitched ball— Stanley. Double plays— Doyle,
Sheehan, Shanahan; Williams, Arrellanes,
("lark. Time— l:3o. Umpire— Rube Levy. Of
ficial scorer Griffin. .:
♦
Indoor Baseball at Stockton.
STOCKTON, April -.-The Olympic In
door baseball team was not long to-day
In demonstrating its superiority over th»
Stockton Athletic Club organization. The
following is the score by runs:
Olympic .2 0 0 14 2 0 2 0-11
Stockton i 10 0 0 0 1 0 2-b
Woodland Bicycle Xl.c?s.
WOODLAND, April 9.— A fair crowd at
tended the bicycle tournament. As a
strong wind blew and the track was soft
no records were broken. The one-mile
tandem handicap, professional, was won
by Cotter and Barnaby. An exciting ten
mile relay race between teams of ten men
each of the Capital City Wheelmen and
followed. The" Woodland "team won by
less than a foot. The -mile professional
dash was taken by John Lawson. Frank
Cotter of Tacoma won the five-mile handi
cap, with, an advantage of sixty yards.
Ivor Lawson stopped at the end. of the
fourth mile.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1899.
SHORTENDERS
BROUGHT HOME
GOOD MONEY
Gladiator Won at
Union Park.
r/t.r. ■
RUSTY GOLD RUNNER UP
METALLIC WAS THE GOOD THING
• OF THE DAY.
Fleet Maid of the Hill Captured
the Extra Stake in
Very Easy Fash
ion.
* Gladiator added another stake to his
credit yesterday at the Union Coursing
Park, winning the open stake in masterly
fashion. The dog is 'the property of
James Dean, and in all his courses he
showed both the speed and condition over
his company. The runner-up was Royal
Flush, who ran in remarkably fine form.
Emm Pasha was the surprise of the day.
making a grand showing, and was not put
out until the sixth round by the runner
up. 'i>.vC-;-\: c ;'
Never before In the history of the park
have the shortenders had such a success
ful day. In the third round of the open
stake six dogs on the short end secured
the winning flag in quick succession. The
first was Metallic, who defeated that good
hound Connnemara by a very flunky
course. The lead-up. was made by Conne
mara, but the hare swung round to Me
tallic and he made a drive and kill. Jen
nie Wilson was next on the list, defeating
Firm Friend. Emm Pasha was right in
line with the procession, being slipped to a
hare with False Flatterer. The black and
white dog ran like a demon, and after a
few turns killed, with the Flatterer point
less. Emm Pasha's price was the longest
of the day, pools being sold on him as
good as 4 to 1. Glen Roy and Koolawn
were the other good things in this round.
i Ida ran abominably, and is either a
"lurcher" or in bad condition. She ran
with Shylock Boy and was unable to get
up the least resemblance of a run.
The "extra" stake was won by the Maid
of the Hill. A few of the wise ones touted
Black Night as a good thing, but the best
she could do was to get second money.
Mission Tip was the only shortender that
won in the stake, defeating Winning
Ways at 2% to 1.
The results of the day were as follows:
Open stake, second round— J. Dean's Conne
mara beat George Sharman's Wait a Little;
I Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat W. F. Hobb*.
! Mercy May; Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend beat
J. O'Shea's Tiger Lily; Handy & Smith's Jen
nie Wilson beat J. Byrne's Battleship; F. Mo
! ran's False Flatterer beat J. Byrnes' Nellie B;
j Pasha Kenn-ls' Emm Pasha beat Handy &
■ Smith's Petronlus; J. O'Shea's Young America
' beat Pasha Kennels' Sylvia; Curtis & Son's
Luxor beat J. Kerrigan's St. Gertrude; J.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat Handy and Smith's
! Victor; H. A. Deckelman's Glen Roy beat Yo
j Semite Kennel's Wild Lassie; E. Bauermels
! ter's O'Grady beat Pasha Kennels' Rod of Ash;
D. Hooper's Koolawn beat Lowe & Thompson's
High Born Lady: H. Lynch" a Lottie M beat
J. Marrlnl's Beau Peep; J. Dean's Gladiator
beat J. Farley's Mystic; H. Lynch' i Mystic
Maid beat Dennis & Porter's Interesting; Lowe
& Thompson's Prince Hal beat F. K. Logan's
Miss Grizzle; Curtis & Son's Maud S ran a bye
on account of Mllo Kennels' Victor King be
ing withdrawn from the stake: H. A. Deckel
man's Lawrence beat J. Byrnes' Mohawk; F.
A. McComb's Royal Flush beat J. Seggerson't
Candelarla; Dally & Srebeln's Shylock Boy
beat Handy & Smith's Ida.
Third round— Metallic beat Connemara; Jen
nie Wilson beat Firm Friend; Emm Pasha beat
False Flatterer; Luxor beat Young America;
Glen Boy beat Eleven Spot; Koolawn beat
O'Grady; Gladiator beat Lottie, M: Myrtle
Maid beat Prince Hal; Royal Flush beat Shy
lock Boy.
Fourth round— Jennie Wilson beat Metallic;
Emm Pasha beat Luxor; Koolawn beat Glen
Roy; Gladiator beat Mystic Maid; Royal Flush
I beat Lawrence.
Fifth round— Emm Pasha beat Jennie Wilson;
Gladiator beat Koolawn; Royal Flush ran a
bye.
Sixth round— Royal Flush beat Emm Pasha;
Gladiator ran a bye.
Final— Gladiator beat Royal Flush.
Extra stake, third round— Black Night beat
Hard Lines; Mission Tip beat Winning Ways;
Maid of the Hill beat Pastime; Mary Ann beat
Wheel of Fortune.
Fourth round— Black Night beat Mission Tip;
Maid of the Hill beat Mary Ann.
Final— Maid of the Hill beat Black Night.
*, —
Coursing at Stockton.
STOCKTON, April Dog days have
come sure enough. With two coursing
clubs in full blast, good hounds and a
lively Interest, Stockton seems destined
to become a point of interest for leash
men. The San Joaquin Club has a rival
now in the Stockton Coursing Club, and
the promoters of each are playing for
public favor by putting up the best
cards possible Both will increase their
prize money in order to secure the best
hounds and the favor of the talent. The
first and second prizes to-day were $40
and $25. with a lot of coin thrown arouno
for consolation.
Results at the San Joaquin Coursing
Club grounds this afternoon were as fol
lows:
Thirty dog stake— Magnet beat Hazel S;
Prince of Fashion beat Olympia; Sunbeam beat
Scarfpin; Daisy Hill beat Hattle; Domino beat
Scar Hip Jack; Montana beat Salvator; Fire
man beat Reno; Said Pasha beat Ruby; Red
Chief beat Jill; Robin Adair beat Tip; Benda
long boat Otis C; Little Wonder beat Pearl
C; Magnesia beat Peter M; Forget Ale Not beat
Oladolla; Red Cloud beat Don Jose.
First ties— Prince 'of Fashion beat Magnet;
Sunbeam beat Daisy ii; Montana beat Domino;
Fireman beat Red Chief; Said Pasha beat
Robin Adair; Little Wonder beat Bendalong;
Forget Me Not beat Magnesia; Red Cloud ran
a bye.
Second ties— Prince Fashion beat Sunbeam;
Fireman beat Montana: Little Wonder beat
Bendalong; Forget Me Not beat Little Wonder
Third ties— Prince Fashion beat Fireman"
Forget Me Not beat Little Wonder.
Final— Forget Me Not beat Prince Fashion.
Forget Me Not first money. Prince Fashion
second money, Little Wonder third money,
Fireman fourth money. Red Cloud fifth money,'
Said Pasha sixth money, Montana seventh
money. Sunbeam eighth money. -
Results at Stockton Coursing Club
Park : •■'■■■;. z^-JJ'+rr:
Sapling stake— Henrietta H beat Medereuan-
Arlon beat White Lily: Anna 1 Held beat Kitty
Carney; Shooting Star beat Four Aces; Little
!**M»:e - • .-/s «-S_^-,a_e«-_&i-___: «<
Cripple beat Black Eyes; Lady Grey beat
Athern. .vi?-'--
Anna Held first money, Shooting Star second
money, Henrietta H third money. .
Twenty-four-dog stake— Riot Act beat Lady
Ross; Charming May beat Lady Ross; Hazel
Glen beat Shy lock; Shylock beat Pocahontas;
Victor Chief beat Beauty; Arno beat Maiden;
Pilot Prince beat Yellow Kid; Little Hope
beat Casadel; Port Costa Lass beat Blue Boy;
Miss Skyball beat Filipino; Duke of Oak Grove
beat Dempsey Lass; El Diablo beat Blue Boy.
Sapling stake, first ties— Henrietta H beat
Arion; Anna Held beat Little Cripple; Shoot
ing Star beat Lady Gray.
Second Anna Held beat Henrietta H;
Shooting Star ran a bye with Medereuan.
Final— Held beat Shooting Star.
Open stake, first ties— Riot Act beat Charm
ing May: Victor Chief beat Hazel Glen; Poca
hontas beat Arno; Pilot Prince beat Little
Hope; Port Costa Lass beat Miss Skyball;
Duke of Oak Grove beat El Diablo.
Second Victor Chief beat Riot Act:
Pocahontas beat Port Costa Lass; Duke of Oak'
Grove beat Pilot Prince.
Third ties— Victor Chief beat Pocahontas;
Duke of Oak Grove ran a bye.
Final— Duke of Oak Grove and Victor Chief
divided first and second money, Pocahontas
third money. Pilot Prince fourth money. Port
Costa Lass fifth money. Riot Act sixth money.
Los Angeles Coursing.
LOS ANGELES. April 9.— The somewhat
chilly weather to-day had the effect of
diminishing the attendance at the
coursing at Agricultural Park, espe
cially in the grand stand, though there
were at least 2500 people on the grounds
and the sport was good.
The programme comprised two stakes —
a 16-dog sapling and a 32-dog openstake.
The sapling stake was the first ever run
in Southern California, and another sap
ling of twenty-four dogs Is announced for
next Sunday to accommodate the first
crop of puppies that have come into the
running since coursing was -inaugurated
here.' For the saplings First Call took
first money,' with Ida May second and
Me's Rosebud third.
In the open stake Lass O'Gowne took
first money, with Master Jack second and
Mountain Belle third. There were several
surprises, the most noticeable of which
was when Lass O'Gowne put out the
crackajack Merry Maiden in the first ties.
The dogs as a rule ran true to form,
though all bets were declared off in the
decision.
WANT TO RESUME.
Ingleside Coursing Club Would Like
to Open When the Races Close.
The Ingleside Coursing Club, which sus
pended operations at its grounds at In
gleside as soon as the ordinance passed
by the Supervisors stopping betting both
on horse races and coursing, expects to
resume operations at its grounds as soon
as the racing season is over in May. The
offici of the club seriously contemplat
ed building a coursing park outside the
county line, but no suitable site could be
selected. The most available quarters
that the club members wanted was a
strip of land near the lakes of the Spring
Valley Water Company, beyond the coun
ty line, but after a great amount of work
and time had been spent in making pre
liminary steps to rent the land they dis
covered they could not lease the prop
erty for any length of time. What steps
the Police Department will take in the
matter when the club resumes operations
remains to be proved, but the general
belief among the sporting fraternity 01
the city is thai the club is bluffing, and
that betting on coursing will not be
countenanced IU the city, whether horse
racing is running or not.
CAPTAIN GRIEB
PROCLAIMED KING
The Red Men Schuetzen Company held
its annual picnic and eagle slloot at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. Forty members
of the company assembled in uniform at
San Francisco Turners' Hall on Turk
street and proceeded to the ferry under
command of the following officers: Cap
tain H. Grieb, First Lieutenant P. H. Will
and Second Lieutenant Conrad Stein.
The committee of arrangements consist-
Ed of President C. G. Boisdorff, Secretary
M. Fuetscher, Treasurer Conrad Stein,
George Heuer, D. Walpern, H. Schlcher
and William Mahrmann.
Arriving at the park the picnickers to
the number of over a thousand began to
enjoy themselves, dancing in the pavilion
to the music of an excellent band being
the main amusement.
The marksmen of the company contest
ed in an eagle shoot for the King medal
and $50 in coin, constituting the first prize,
and eleven other valuable prizes. The
prizes were won In the following order:
Captain Grleb (king). D. Walpern, J. D.
Feldermann, Oscar Heuer, H. Rulffs, M.
Dlechert, B. Fenschel, J. A. Mohr, H.
Grleb and C. Oldag.
The distribution of prizes will take place
on Wednesday evening at Turn Verein
Hall, Turk street.
DELIBERATELY INSULT
MEXICO'S EMBASSADOR
WASHINGTON, April 9.— lt is painfully
apparent European Embassadors here
have determined to boycott their new
colleague, Mr. Aspiroz of Mexico. There
have been suspicious circumstances from
the hour of his arrival, but the officials of
our Government and Washington society
generally have been reluctant to believe
such eminent and broad minded states
men as Sir Julian Paunceforte, Count Cas
sill, Dr. yon Holleben, Jules Cambon and
others would deliberately humiliate a
stranger, and one so amiable and honor
able as the Embassador from Mexico.
They no longer conceal their inten
tions, and Count; Lichdervelde, the Bel
gian Minister, who telegraphed to Brus
sels for instructions as to the course he
should pursue, has been directed by his
Government to stand by the representa
tives of European powers and freeze the
Mexican out. -
They did not call upon him before his
presentation. When he called . upon
them they were met at home, and none
of them appeared at his reception.
This might have been due to a series of
accidents, but it was no accident that
every member of the diplomatic corps
sent regrets to the reception which ex-
Secretary and Mrs. John W. Foyer gave
in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Aspiroz last
Wednesday evening, which was not only a
slight to the guests of that evening but
to the hosts also.
Yesterday afternoon at a tea given by
Countess Lichderveld, wife of the Bel
gian Minister, the truth came out. The
Mexican Embassador and Mrs. Aspiroz
were the only members of the diplomatic
corps who were not present, and their
absence was due to a failure to reveice
invitations. It was a deliberate insult.
The pretext for the boycott lies in the
historical fact' that thirty years ago Mr
Aspiroz happened to be the Judge Advo
cate. General of the Mexican Army, who
was detained by President Juarez" to try-
Pretender Maximilian, the Austrian arch
duke, who, under protection of Louis
Napoleon of France, claimed the throne
of Mexico. But why the performance of
a military duty under orders from his
Government by- Mr. Aspiroz a third of a
century ago should make _lm an unlit
associate of the British, German. French
Russian and Italian embassadors is diffi
cult to understand.
Great Britain and Germany refused to
sustain Maximilian and practically re I
pudiated the Invasion of Mexico and it
is not believed either of these govern
ments-will approve the action of its Em
bassador in declaring a boycott against
his colleague upon such; a pretext if they
are appealed to.
ASSAULTED HER
LOVER WITH AN
EGG SANDWICH
Opening of the Re
sort at El Campo.
. ■
PICNICKERS HAVE GOOD TIME
SEVERAL SCRAPS UNATTENDED
BY BLOOD.
The Singing of a Ribald Song Nearly
Results in the Surprised Au
thor Being Thrown Over
board.
Amid scenes of revelry and mirth, occa
sionally interrupted by a fight, which re
sulted in no serious damage to the con
testants, the picnic resort at El Campo
was thrown open to the public yester
day. Several hundred people attended the
opening, evidently bent on having a good
time.
The superintendent of the grounds, an
ticipating a large crowd of picnickers,
made every arrangement for their com
fort. A band of fourteen pieces was in at
tendance, and at the conclusion of the
day's festivities the wind jammers were
in a condition bordering on apoplexy.
Immediately after the arrival of the 2
o'clock boat, which carried a large crowd
to the picnic grounds, the fun began.
A young man who was known to his as
sociates as "Teddy," evidently jealous of
a south of Market dude who was dancing
with his best girl, swore to be revenged.
Summoning another youth, who was
staggering under a load of bad beer,
"Teddy" confided to him his intention of
sending the dude to the Morgue.
"It's this way," angrily declared the
jealous suitor, -'me and Nell have been
friends for years, and I'm dead stuck on
her. See! Now, this mug shows up and
cops her out. 1 s'pose I'm a dead one
wid her. but I want ter get even; are
you on?"
"You want me to soak him, eh?" in
quired the other youth, evidently anxious
for a scrap.
"Oh, get next," angrily retorted the
pugnacious suitor.
"I'll do the punching and you keep
Nell from getting mixed up in the finish.
See! She's a dead game sport and if she
gets next that I'm going to do the guy
she will interfere. l want ter do him
good so that she will be ashamed to speak
to him. Are you wise?"
Of course his friend was wise, and
after awaiting a favorable opportunity,
just when the much admired ".sell" was
engaged in devouring a ham-and-egg
sandwich, the love-stricken youth walked
up to his rival and struck him in the
jaw. knocking him out. While waiting
for him to regain his feet "Nell," who
had witnessed the knockout of her new
admirer from a distance, rushed to the
scene and struck "Teddy" in the face
with the remnants of her ham-and-egg
sandwich. .... .. „
With his face besmeared with the fried
egg the belligerent youth turned to his
fair assailant and pleaded with her to
forgive him. . . I '
"It's all your fault," he tearfully re
marked, "yer know I'm stuck on yer, and
ver give me the worst of it. This dude is
not fit for you, as he can't fight enough
to keep hlsself warm."
After casting a scornful glance at the
prostrate dude, "Nell," evidently touched
by the remarks of her old suitor, threw
her arms around his neck and in burning
words declared her love for him. A few
minutes later the reunited couple were
lost in the mazes of a waltz, while the
bruised dude was busily engaged in
searching for a policeman to have his
assailant arrested.
On the return trip to the city there were
several "scraps," which were quickly
stopped -by the police.
A red-headed urchin almost created a
riot by attempting to sing "How I Love to
See My Poor Old Mother Work." He was
promptly seized by several young men,
who started to drag him to the railing
of the steamer, intending to throw him
overboard. Two policemen, realizing the
boy's danger, rushed to his assistance,
and after considerable trouble succeeded
ln saving him from being thrown into the
water. ■
RACING AT OAKLAND.
Six Running Events Down for Decis
ion Kitty Kelly and Basseda
Will Meet.
The entries for the running events at Oakland
this afternoon are as follows:
First Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; four-year-olds and up: t
.10 The Plunger.... l2l i 942 Cavallo 123
941 Niihau ..- 116 941 Henry C 121
654 Arbaces 121" BS9 Stan Powers. .. -Us
(92S)Three Forks 122. 689 Rosemaid 116
948 Heigh Ho 116! 913 Sly 120
(926)Rosalbra 125! 871 Catastrophe 122
Second — Futurity course; four-year-olds
and up; selling: «
B*4 Sevov los I '930 Frohman ins
872 Cardwell 114 825 Novia 106
948 Ringmaster Ill 1 765 Torsion 11l
873 Ballverso 108 924 Midas 114
89fi 3chnlt_ 114! 932 Jim Brownell....lU
924 February 11l 726 Jennie Gtbb 109
948 P. A. Finnegan.llll
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds:
921 Flamora 115' 838 The Callfornian. 95
(928) Kitty Kelly ....111 927 Tanobe 95
(OlO)Ella Boland ....113 903 Glga' 95
921 Tom Sharkey... 951 ... Aborigine 103
918 Surlgao 951 940 Rachel C 98
928 Bathos 118 927 Tlzonl .; 98
840 Hindoo Princess 951 (933)Ba3seda 11.
... Miss Vera 1031
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
931 Ad. Spreckels... 113 1 989 B. M.-Cle.skey...lf>9
946 Tom Calvert 105 931 Myth 110
i l'll:. i. Tingle Jingle.... 88 949 Torslda .-.110
989 Judge Wofford.. 87 929 Limewater 98
936 Opponent 1021
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds i
and up:
949 Hugh Penny ... lllj(S7s)Fleur de Lis... .100
(723>MIss Rowena.'.lOß 735 Buckwa ill
(925) La Goleta 108! '.'43 Mary Black 106 |
Sixth Race One mile; four-year-olds and up:
M 6 Hohenzollern ...linj 695 Storm King..... 110 :
943 Rubicon 110 911 Rosinante 105 j
949 Roadrunner .....110 935 Daisy . F... ..101 i
925 Lost Girl 105 942 McFarlane 107
943 Rosormonde 101 MS Tony Llcar_i....lo3 i
(949) Topmast 107' 636 Horatio 110 j
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Arbaces, Sly, Rosalbra.
Second Race— Novia, P. A Flnnegan, Feb
ruary. ".
Third Race— Basseda, Kitty Kelly, Ella Bo
land.
Fourth Race— Myth, Torsida, Adolph Spreck
els.
Fifth Race— Fleur de Lis. Buckwa, La Goleta.
Sixth Race— Rosinanto. Topmast. Rubicon.
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
Targets Were Well Patronized by-
Skillful Marksmen.
A large number of skillful marksmen
gathered Shell Mound yesterday and
kept up a constant fusillade at the •
targets. The day was not a good one
from a rifleman's point of view on ac
count of the shifting light and a strong
wind. Nevertheless the shooting con
tingent adjusted their rifles and them
selves to the somewhat unfavorable con
ditions that prevailed and made some
very good scores.
The following are the results in de
tail
'Company C, First Infantry, N. G. C— Chi Is
Meyer, 46; Charles Waltham, 45; H Kennedy
42; 1.. W. Grant. 39; T. McGllvery," 30; > V '
Northrop, 35. - "
Independent Rifles* monthly medal shoot and
quarterly shoot for the Bendt trophy— Sergeant
G. W. Mitchell, 37; Corporal H. Frederlckson
11; Corporal C. J. Staude, 32; Sergeant C*
Koornbeck, 24: Corpora] G.- B. Worthtogtoni >
35; C. Iverson. 21; H. Gaetgen, 42; H. Kuhlke' i
35; G. Kellenberger. 32: Corporal J, A. Stang,
36; W. Lindecker, 33; Captain L. Schneider, 26;
Lieutenant J. Staude, 40; H. Staude, 32; C.
Frederlckson, 30; J. H. Kuhlke, 39; Corporal P.
Schonlg, 39; E. Helmke, 33; H. Felix. 34; H.
Mariolf, 31; Sergeant H. Schlichtmann, 36; J.
H. Schneider, 37; H. Gaetgen Jr., 24; Lieuten
ant E. Moenning, 3S; Sergeant C. Andrews, 41;
C. Gilborson, 38.
Monthly medal shoot of the Germanla
S'Miue-tzen Club— First champion class, J.
Utschig, 446; second champion class, R. Stettin,
421; first class, H. Stelling, 414; second class, A.
Jungblut, 395; third class, J. Beuttler, 364; best
first shot, J. Beuttler, 25; best last shot, A.
Jungblut, 25.
Competition for Bushnell medal— B. Fak
tor, 227; Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 214; F. P. Schuster,
214.
Competition for cash prizes— F. Rust, 72: D.
B. Faktor, 71, 71, 70: J. Utschig. 70; F. Schus
ter, 69; D. Salfield, 68.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein monthly
medal shoot— Champion class, A. H. Pape, 14";
first class F. Koch, 409; second class, H. F.
Linkendey, 406; third class, E. H. Goetze, 405;
fourth class, John Lankenau. 385; best first
shot. H. Burfeind, 24; best last shot, John
Utschig, 25.
In the Xorddeutscher Schuetzen' s monthly
bullseye shoot the following received prizes:
J. Ipsen, J. D. Heise. H. Meyer. O. Lemcke,
F. Schuster. John de Wit, H. Stelling, F. Rust,
J. Thode, J. Lankenau, W. Morken. H. Bur
feind. A. Hohmann, F. Koch.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, class medals:
Experts— A. H. Pape, 43; Dr. Rodgers, 51; F.
E. Mason, 71.
Sharpshooters— J. E. Gorman, 75: G. M. Bar
ley. 78; O. A. Bremer. 97: M. J. White, 148.
Marksmen— E. N. Moor, 96; G. Mannel, 102;
Mrs. White, 120; C. F. Waltham. 121; Mrs.
Waltham. 132; A. W. Tomklns. 185; J. F.
Twist, 197.
Gllndemann all-comers' medals— O. Young-,
64, 78.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club, pistol range
50 yards, Columbia tareet.
Experts— M. J. White 48, D. M. Pais? 62, G.
M. Barley 58, Dr. L. O. Rodgers 63, A. H. Pape
67. F. O. Young 68.
Sharpshooters F. E. Mason 54.
Marksmen— George Mannell 81. Mr? George
Mannell 99, J. F. Twist 108. C. F. Waltham
95. Mrs. c. F. Waltham 121.
Lewis revolver trophy F. O. Young 92-46. M.
J. White 97.
Siebe pistol medal— C. M. Daiss 34-36-38-44-56,
F. O. Young 50. J. P. Cosgrave 53-56-65.
22 and 25 caliber rifle medals— George Man
nell 27-28, Mrs.ft?. F. Waltham 37, A. H. Pape
25-28-29, J. F. Twist 32-37-88-52.
Gun Club at Alameda Point.
The monthy shoot of the San Francisco
Gun Club, held yesterday at Alameda
Point, was well attended. Forty-three
members took part in the club match at
twenty-five birds each. The scores were
as follows:
Webb 25, Rlcklefson 24. Feudner 23. Sohultz
23. King 22.* Bekeart 22, Robertson 22. Eugene
Forster 21, Johnson 21, Trombone 20, Klevesahl
80, Sears 20, Murdock 20, Shaw 19. Fisher 1?
Lane 19, Hoyt 19, Vernon 18. .Tustins 18, Hazen
18, Dreyfus 17. Hauf-r 17. Miller 16. Sweeney 16,
Keller 15, J. Kullman 14, Hecht 14, Rosenberg
14. McLaln 14. Isham 13. Lockwood 13. Plel 13,
Tivendale 13, Lewis 12. Wands 7. Wiel 4. Back
scores— Bekeart 22, Webb 23, Vernon 16, Rosen
berg 17, Hecht 16, McLaln 14, Wiel 1.
A 20-blrd pool resulted as follows: Trombone
19, Schultz IS, Sears 18. Webb IS, Hoyt 17,
Forster 17, F. Feudner 17. Murdock 16. Shaw
16, Sweeney 15, Johnson 14. Rosenberg 14. Jus
tins 14, Vernon 13, Lane 13, Kullman 11, Miller
8, Hecht 8.
WHIM WON.
Canoe Beat the Fleet in Oakland
Navy Race Yesterday.
The fourth Oakland navy race of the
season of 1899 was held yesterday on San
Antonio Estuary over the regular tri
aneular course of about six miles on an
ebb tide, with a fresh westerly breeze. At
the same time and over the same course
the 'Oakland Canoe Club held a mixed
race for sloops and canoes. The start was
by a single gun, and was maoe at 12:51
m. While maneuvering about before
the start the canoe Codia capsized near
the float of the Alameda Boat Club.
. She was bailed out, and started round
the course »__;ut nineteen minutes later.
Eight boats crossed the line in a bunch,
and presented a pretty signt. Of these
three were sloops and five canoes.
On the completion of the first round the
canoe Whim was in the lead, followed by
the sloop Surprise and the canoe Vitesse.
At tne end of the second round the
canoe. Whim was still in the lead, with
the sloop Flash second and the sloop Sur
prise third, the canoe Vitesse having
dropped out. At the finish the canoe
Whim was still first, with the sloop Sur
prise second and the canoe Nereid third.
None of the rest finished. The results are
shown In the table:
OAKLAND NAVY-FOURTH RACE—
9, 1809.
*
I s£ s* *Z 3?
NAME. g« B§ 3| SI
a £- "■=• : &
: : : * I :
> 11. M.5. H.M.S. H.M.S. H.M.S.
rhim ! 1:20:58 1:56:00 2:23:00 l:3S:00
urprlse 1:22:18 1:57:10 2:31:40 1:40:40
'Hesse 1:23:15 •
rereW ......... 1:23:33 1:58:36 2:32:25 j 1:41:25
•lash 1:23:38 1:56:20 *
.hwahnee .... 1:25:51 ! 2:03:25 *
mat I 1:29:35 J ■ I
■ypsy ! 1:30:13 ! • |
odla | 1:36:10 | 2:12:00 • |
NAME.
i
I" 3
3
g
C ;
0,
•Did not finish.
ALMON M. CLAPP DEAD.
Passing of the Former United States
Government Printer.
WASHINGTON, 'April 9.— Almon M.
Clapp, at one time United States Govern
ment Printer, died at his residence here
at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon in his 88th
year. Mr. Clapp was born in Connecticut
in # 1811, and came from one of the oldest
families in New England, his ancestors
having- come to this country on the Mary
and John soon after the landing of the
Pilgrims. He established the Aurora (N.
V.) Standard and later the Buffalo Com
mercial advertiser, and still later the Buf
falo Express. He was a delegate to the
Pittsburg convention that j founded the
Republican party, and in 1869 was ,to
pointed Public Printer. On retiring from
that office in 1877 be bought an interest
in the National Republican of Washing
ton. During the last twelve or fifteen
are he has been living in retirement,
but retained his interest in politics. At
the time of his death be was president of
the Ant?-Civil Service League.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®4®+®+®+®+®4®4®+®4®*®+®^<^+®+®^+®^ +
I jgfij^ Young Men! |
X _^I^_^^-^__@_hL^ to THOSE WHO have MADE MIS- +
•*iw T ~^^*w|s|§|i ■ takes, who have in their boyhood <~)
r> V&ait WE* Ignored the laws of nature and are now X
'■*%£ Wp beginning to see the effect. To you I ■?
X Jv3B - want to send a book which will help ♦
wfil '*'__S^'' B " B *^S' you. It will point out your errors and *«
"^ \Wf -?^ ! ' \W tell you how torecover the lost ground. ■♦
® V^ X^ W You know that you have injured your- ®
4- \.' V a self, and this book will show you how +
\j *-~J* j all danger of future collapse can be ®
i\ 1 TbOOK WORTH $100 TO YOU. f
4. / \\ It is full of those things a young man 4
(i; / \\. fc likes to read. It tells how perfect man- ®
> y \\. _^^^ t_n^H___^ < hood may be reached, how weakness -*-
_V / \ >-^^v __-^^i^ can be cured, and gives you letters ®
X / / V y^^^V^Mi- from hundreds of grateful men whom J_"
V __^/ V ' f \^sxA TO /.// I have cured with my Dr. Sanden Elec- ®
® V. \ I yu\ f / trie Belt, the modern life-giver. I send +
-f t. 1 '^<\ the book, closely sealed, free. Can't ®
® ""V-/ <^-A you call? 4-
-4 ®
® dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, send for my BOX)Kf ,♦
@ 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny, S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," *
__ Or 2C4'_ South Broadway. Los Angeles. ®
X Office hours-8 a. m. to S:3O p. m.; Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE +■
® 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. • .... - ®
®4®>® 4 ®4® + ®4®>®>^> / y^® ♦®»®^® ♦®»®>® +®*® ♦©♦?■♦? ♦ « ♦ y+t.
OUT TO-DAY
WRIGHT & DITSON'S A
OFFICIAL m^m
LAWN * 1)
TENNIS \\U
GUIDE Iff
Ranking of Players. Champion- /?"_*" sjlfji
ships and open Tournaments eftto^t^&jMJ
throughout the United States and W^-i iHJU
Canada, . Photographs of the
Champions, Rules of the Game
and Letters of Interest.
Price, by Mail, IO Cents.
WRIGHT & DITSON,
344 Washington St., BOSTON,
NO PROSECUTION
OF GEN. LUDLOW
Lanuza Refuses to Grant
Ortiz's Request.
THAT INCOMMUNICADO LAW
MILITARY GOVERNOR INTER
FERED FOR AMERICANS.
Cuban Generals Have Not Yet Noti
fied Gomez of His Re-Election as
Commander-in-Chief of the
Insurgent Army.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, April 9.— Secretary of Jus
tice Lanuza will probably riot comply
with the request of Judge Ortiz of the
Guadaloupe District Court, Havana
Province, to prosecute General Ludlow,
the military Governor, . or "interfering:
to prevent Dr. Jolliffe and Mr. Barton,
Americans, being kept incommunicado,
as provided by the Spanish law."
If the matter is brought to an issue
the question will be whether an Amer
ican official has a right to issue an or
der contravening a Spanish law unless
supported by decree of the Governor
General. Judge Ortiz insists that the
incommunicado law is in full force, like
all other Spanish laws which General
Brooke's proclamation of January 1
affirmed were to be unchanged. Mr.
Ludlow intervened in the case of Jol
liffe and Barton because the Spanish
officials refused to allow the attorneys
and friends of the prisoners to have ac
cess to them. It was this condition of
things, that prompted his written in
structions to Judge Ortiz not to apply
the incommunicado rule to Americans.
All railway communication from Ha
vana eastward is suspended because
the strike of 200 employes of the united
railways affects the provinces of Ma
tanzas and Santa Clara, as well as the
routes to Guanajay, province of Pinar
del Bio, and to Batanbano, where the
steamships make their communication
with Havana. No freight or passengers
could be moved to-day. The inconveni
ence resulting is very great. It is hoped,
however, that the strike will be settled
amicably.
To-day the Cuban generals who yes
terday elected General Gomez com
mander-in-chief were to notify him
officially of their action. They had not
done so up to 7 o'clock this evening, but
it is reported that he is to be waited
upon by a committee during the course
of the evening. There are so many
contradictory reports as to their inten
tions and doings that the fact of their
accomplishing little or nothing is be
ginning to discredit in advance what
ever action they may ultimately take,
which, at the best, will be merely con
ferring an honorary distinction, as Gen
eral Brooke is preparing to handle the
payment of the Cuban army quite in
dependently of General Gomez.
A soldier at Matanzas yesterday, one
of a squad cleaning the courtyard of
the castle, found a Spanish gold piece.
The members of the squad immediately
staked off claims in Western style and
dug up the whole yard, finding coins
dated all the way from 1730 to 1808 and
worth 306 American dollars.
Sport in. the Handball Arena.
Every available inch of sitting and
standing room in the galleries at Phil Ry
an's handball court at 858 Howard street
was occupied yesterday afternoon by
the admirers of handball sport. The lit
tle ball was set in motion early and
made to hop at a lively gait until the
electric. lights cast their shadows upon
the last game of the day. In all there
were twelve four-handed games disposed
of. with a few single ones on the side to
settle the disputed claims of some crack
players who had a score to make or lose.
The results of the double-enders are as
follows: -.!*.-?
B. Clements and V,'. Hafsell defeated A.
Hanson and T. Clements. Score, 21-11, 17-21,
21-14.
J. Howling and E. Curley defeated W. Has
sell and M. Mag-ire. Score, 21-19. 13-21, 21-18.
D. J. Sheehan and W. H. Kedian defeated
J. R. Bockman and T. Harney. Score, 21-17,
13-21, 21-16.
J. Oakes and J. Barnes defeated B. Collins
and T. Ladd. Score. 21-12. 11-21, 21-19.
D. Re ..leers and P. McKinnon defeated G.
McDonald nd L. Carraine. Score, 21-11. 19-21.
21-20.
E. McDonough and W. H. Sieberst defeated
M. Basel) and E. Lynch. Score, 21-19, 11-21,
21-18.
A. McVlcker and J. Condon defeated Q.
Smith and T. Leach. Score. 21-16. 15-21. 21-20. ;
D. Regan and E. Barry defeated E. Q. Craw
ford and .1 Drew. Score. 21-19. 17-21. 21-18.
T. Foley and ,1. M -Hre-a — - defeated R. Hi*
Bey and C. Quinn. Score. 21-16, 12-21, 21-13.
J. "White and D. Regan defeated J. Collins
and M. McClure. Score. 21-1.". 20-21, 21-14.
The event of the day— J. Rlordan and E. Cur
ley defecated E. Malonev and J. Harlow. Score,
21-13, 15-21, 21-2.'.
tIERCCS
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
i-1 fORWEAB-WOWEI..
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and specific tonic
for the scnuul and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases 0 the
Kidneys and bladder. A rreat Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; nee long-winded testimonials necessary
• NABKR. ALFS & BRUNE Agents
322 Market street, _. F.— (.Send for Circular.*HUNT FOR MOORE
ENDS IN FAILURE
Nevada County Officials
Discouraged.
SEARCHING POSSES RETURN
WILL REST UNTIL A TANGIBLE
CLEW IS RECEIVED.
Believe the Fugitive Murderer Either
Has Got Out of the County
or Is Sheltered by a
Friend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 9.— The murder
of Policeman Kilroy is still unavenged
and his slayer, Ed Moore, yet at lib
erty. The hunt for Moore in this vicinity
is practically at an end and the au
thorities have come to the conclusion
that their only chance to capture him
is to rest •-ii their arms until some .re
liable clew to his whereabouts devel
ops. If Moore is still hiding within the
boundaries of the count; the authori
ties feel hat by this time he will have
decided to emerge from his hiding place
and make a break for the lowlands and
liberty.
The weather looks threatening to
night, and should it become stormy it
is believed Moore will be forced to make
his way to a point where he will be pro
tected from the fury of the elements.
Once on the march Moore will have lit
tle chance to elude the officers. Photo
graphs and descriptions of the man
have been posted conspicuously in
every town and hamlet in this and ad
joining counties, and if Moore has not
already passed out of the county his
chances for doing so now are small.
Sheriff Getchell arrived at Chico last
night and immediately joined the posse
which has been searching for a trace
of the man answering Moore's .crip
tion who was seen in that vicinity
shortly before noon yesterday. Up to
a late hour last night no word was re
ceived from Sheritt Getchell as to the
failure or success of the pursuit. The
prevailing impression here is that the
Chico scent will lead the posse on the
heels of a harmless "Weary Willie," of
which species there are many traveling
at this time of the year.
With the passing days wanes the
citizens' iiope c-f avenging the death of
Kilroy. Moore has evaded pursuit so
long that the excitement has begun to
subside and it is doubtful now it Moore
would' be violently dealt with in the
event of his ing brought in alive.
There is, however, one disadvantage
under wnich the murderer would De
placed in connection with the possibil
ity of being lynched. There is a grow
ing feeling here that if taken alive and
given a trial Moore would plead in
sanity, and it is Just possible one man
in a jury of twelve would consider the
plea. Moo-re has the reputation of be
ing a peculiar man, and if life depended
upon it liis attorneys might attempt
to blossom his peculiarities into a case
of insanity in order to save him from
paying the penality for his crime. To
prevent the success of such a plan the
citizens might take the law into their
own hands. •
There are only two theories now as
to Moore's whereabouts which are be
ing seriously considered by the citizens
and authorities and they narrow down
to deiinite propositions: The fugitive
has cither succeeded In getting out of
the county or he has a friend some
where in the mountains close to the
scene of his rime who has supplied
him with food and shelter since the
night of his flight. When Moore' first
took to the woods general speculation
was overwhelmingly in favor of the
theory advanced by the searching
posses and others who knew Moore's
habits that Moore was hiding or being
sheltered by a friend somewhere in thi:,
vicinity. Now there la a growing senti
ment that the fugitive has succeeded
In placing many miles between himself
and the citizens of this county. Still,
scarcely anybody doubts that Moore
easily could have remained all this time
in the seclusion of the neighboring
woods and mountains if he had a faith
ful friend to supply him with provis
ions. The possibility of his evading
justice and remaining in this vicinity
without a friend is now considered quite
remote. Nine ■ lays have passed since
Mo-ore murdered Policeman Kilroy, and
it is hardly possible that he could re
main in hiding in this vicinity so long
without having received aid of some
isort From a friend.
It is now generally believed that the
$1000 reward offered for Moore, dead or
alive will be the only successful fac
tor in bringing about his arrest or
death.
NEWSPAPER MEN TO
MEET AT BALTIMORE
Ninth Annual Conference of the In
ternational League of Press
Cm 1 ...
BALTIMORE. April 9.— The ninth
annul conference of the International
League of Press Clubs; which Will be
held from Tuesday to Friday of the
coming week, promises to be one of the
most successful in the league's history.
The Journalists' Club of this city will
be the host of the gates, who will
number about 200, representing press
clubs in all parts of the United States
and Canada.
The first business meeting will be
held on Tuesday afternoon. On
Wednesday morning the delegates and
guests will take the steamer Virginia
for Old Point Comfort, the former hold
ing a business session en route. The
last business session will be held in the
pavilion of the Hotel Chamberlain, at
Old Point, on Tuesday. Returning,
the steamer will reach Baltimore at 7
a. m. Friday.
. Anion* the questions to be discussed
at the business session will be the
establishment of a home for Indigent
and invalid newspaper men. Several
>Ites have been offered, including one
in Colorado, in connection with the
Childs Home for Inters. Mrs. E A
Robinson and Mrs. Isabella Tyson of
the Society of Friends' committee on
the purification of thi press, will be
received at the- first business meeting
and Mrs. Robinson will make an ad-*
dress urging purity of the press.
'l he- Baltimore delegates will urge
delegates from other States and Can
ada to secure the passage of a law
making communications to newspaper
men privileged the came as those to
priests and lawyers. Maryland Is the
only State which has this law.
The banquet to be tendered the dele
gates on Friday night in Masonic
Temple promises to be one of the most
elaborate dinners ever given in Balti
more. Some of the nation's most elo
quent alters will aid in providing an
oratorical feast. President McKinlev
has promised to be present if his health
and public business will permit, and he
is expected by the -mlttee to send a
favorable answer to the invitation early
in the week. Am-- the other notables
from abroad who have accepted invi
tations are Secretary of State John
Hay, who will speak upon "Newspaper
Men and Newspaper Clubs in Eng
land": Postmaster General Smith, Col
onel A. J. McClure and Congressman
Lemuel E. Quigg. Senators Chauncev
M. Depew, Joseph R. Hawley. Con
gressman Amos J. Cummings and
John Ac" ison Porter, the President s
private secretary have signified their
private secretary, have signified their
intention to attend if possible.
The social functions of the conven
tion, besides the banquet and steam
boat trip, which include a dance and
side trips of interest to Newport News.
Hampton Roads and Fort Monroe, con
templates an old-fashioned "commers"
and electric park trolley rides, recep
tions, lunches, theatrical parties and a
dinner for the lady delegates and visit
ors at Hotel Rennert. .".: J *
On Saturday the legates and guests
will be taken to Washington by special
train over the Baltimore and Ohio. and.
after calling on the President, will be
shown over the capital city by Balti
more Journalists and their Washing
ton friends.
BRYAN CONTINUES HIS
DEBATE WITH BELMONT
Insists That True Democracy Is Em
bodied in the Chicago
Platform.
LINCOLN. Nebr., April 9.— Colonel W.
J. Bryan to-day mailed his answer to the
last letter received from Perry Belmont
some weeks ago. The correspondence thus
far has dealt largely with the rival Jef
ferson dinners to be held in New York,
but Mr. Bryan ignores that matter and
devotes his attention to the differences
existing between himself and Mr. Bel
mont on the question of Democratic party
policy. His letter in part follows:
You ask. first, that I point out wherein your
utterances. are "unpatriotic, undemocratic un-
American anil ln conflict with the Democratic
creed as set forth in Jefferson's first inaugural
address."
We have no accepted standard by which to
determine whether a given opinion is patriotic
or American, but we have means of determin
ing whether an opinion is democratic and in
accord with the teachings of Jefferson. 1 pre
sume you use the word "Democratic" in the
party sense, Otherwise that term would be as
difficult to define as "patriotic" or "Ameri
can."
The right to determine what Is democratic
in a party sense belongs to the Democratic
party. The Chicago convention was more pure
ly representative than any other convention
held ln recent years, because the rank and file
of the party spoke on public questions through
Instructed delegates. The Chicago platform is
the latest authoritative definition of democracy
as applieM to existing conditions. If a minority
of the delegates to a national convention repre
senting a minority of the members of the
Democratic party has alright to determine what
is democratic, then each member of the party
has a right to define democracy for himself and
to assert that he is a better Democrat than
any one else.
Let me apply this principle to three question*
upon which you have taken a position in the
volumes sent me:
First— Standard money.
Second— Paper money.
Third— tax.
Jefferson favored the double standard as
against the single gold standard, and during
his administration our nation had the free and
unlimited coinage of gold and silver at the
legal ratio of 15 to 1. The ratio was changed
to 16 to 1- during Jackson's administration. The
Chicago platform pronounced against the .i.l
standard and In favor of the return to the free
and unlimited coinage of gold and silver at the
ratio of 16 to J without waiting for the aid or
consent of any other nation. As a delegate to
the Chicago convention you voted for a minor-
ity report which declared against independent
free coinage on the ground that It would not
only Imperil our finances, "but would retard or
entirely prevent International bimetallism, to
which the effort of the Government should be
steadily directed." As a de-legate to the In
dianapolis convention, two months later, you
supported a platform which declared in favor
of the gold standard without any declaration
in favor of international bimetallism. You may
be able- to explain why the minority rejected
I at the Indianapolis convention the plank for
which it fought at Chicago.
McKinley In IS9I charged in a public speech
that Mr. Cleveland during his first administra
tion was dishonoring one of the- precious
metals — discrediting sliver and enhancing the
price of gold. He insist. -d that Mr. -Cleveland
was trying to make "money -scarce ami there
fore dear," and added, "he would have In
creased the value of money and diminished the
value of everything- money the master
and everything else the servant." If Mi-Kin- -
ley then understood the real purpose of the
gold standard, as I believe he did. who could
think Jefferson capable of advocating a policy
which instead of securing equal and exact
justice for all. makes "money the master and
everything else the servant."
Your pronhecy that " a law to prevent wage
earners and salary earners from demanding
and urine payment in gold dollars .aid
not be a winning- Issue." evince? a tender so
licitude for the laboring man. I mlcht sug
pes* that bimetallism alarms you mere- than
It does the wage earners. It was not the em
ployes who Were frightened at the specter of
free silver in ISM: neither did the laboring man
Fhare your desire to add to the privileges of
the banks.
On December 20, IW, a year after the elec
tion, the Federation of Labor adopted the fol
lowing resolution-
"Resolved. That we declare ourselves most
pesititvely opposed to the Gape bill recently
introduced in Congress by the Secretary of the
Treasury. It is a measure that If made a law
■will only the more firmly rivet the gold stand
ard on the people of the country and perpetu
ate its disastrous effects in every form."
I' am not willing to believe that you are more
interested in the laboring men than they are in
themselves, or that you know better than they
what Is pood for them.
STERNWHEEL STEAMER
SINKS IN THE OHIO
Passengers and Crew of the John K.
Speed Rescued Without Loss
of Life.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April 9.— The big
rnwheel steamer John K. Speed, owned
by the Cincinnati and New Orleans Packet
Company, became unmanageable this
afternoon, owing to a treacherous cur- j
rent and the high wind prevailing, and I
struck the dam. The vessel careened,
almost toppling over, but righted again
and soon settled down to rock bottom. ;
The water rushed into her hold through
a big jagged hole aft of her boilers. . A ;
16-Inch pine derrick pole supporting the ;
staging broke in two and the staging
went overboard with a crash. It was a
miracle that several of the crew were j
not killed or injured. As it was, not one i
cf the 109 aboard was hurt in the least.
Life savers responded with the greatest
alacrity with all their lifeboats and were
beside the vessel immediately. With two
crews ferrying from the boat to the
shore all the- passengers were soon
brought to terra lirroa and the members I
of the deck and cabin crew were car- ;
lied over. - ;
The Speed was on her way to New Or- ■
leans and carried 405 tons of miscellane- !
ous freight. It is thought that at least
three-fourths of the Speed's value will
be saved, while the actual loss on the'
cargo will not be over $1000. The Speed
was valued at about $25,000. She ties on
the- rocks with the water over her main j
deck amidships. j ■.- '-
PLANS FOR THE RIVAL
JEFFERSONIAN DINNERS
Bryan, Altgeld, Pingree, Bishop Pot-
ter and Others to Address
Workingmen.
NEW YORK, April 9.— Meetings were
held to-night by the committee of the
Chicago platform Democrats and the
workingmen to make arrangements for
their dinners in celebration of Jefferson's
birthday. The contract to serve the Chi
cago platform -inner on April 15 was let
to a Bowery restaurant man, who agreed
to serve it at 80 cents a plate.
A partial list of tne toasts has been de
cided upon. Mr. Bryan will speak ■ upon
"Democracy," George Fred Williams upon
"Trusts and Mono do lies." Colonel C. B.
Jones on "The Platform of 1900." The
toasts of ex-Governor Altgeld and
Charles A. Towne, who will also speak,
have not been decided upon.
The speakers at the workingmen's din
ner, on April 19, will, in addition to Mr.
Bryan, be ex-Governor Altgeld, Gov
ernor Filigree Mayor Jones of Toledo,
Bishop Potter, Dr. McGlynn and Mrs.
Charlotte Perkins Stetson.
Wheelmen Start Eastward.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— Hardy Downing-,
the well-known young: professional wheel
man, "Baby" Gibson and his trainer and
Manager Charles Ward, started for the
East this afternoon. Downing will Join
McFarland and Stevens at Louisville. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10, 899;
TRADE WITH OUR
NEW POSSESSIONS
Increase in Exports and
Imports.
PHILIPPINES AS A MARKET
GROWTH OF SHIPMENTS FROM
THE UNITED STATES.
Considerable Gain Shown in the Traf
fic With Cuba, Though the Bal
ance Is Aj-iinst This
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 9. — Acting
Secretary of "War Meiklejohn Rave out
for publication to-day some interesting
statistics regarding the trade of the
United States with i" - Is'ind of Cuba.
Porto Rico and the Philippines, pre
facing them by calling attention to the
fact that normal conditions of trade
have not yet been fully restored be
tween the islands named. The returns
(or February show an increase of im-
ports from the islands in this country
amounting to $374, and a correspond
ing increase of exports from the United
States to the islands of $693,269. as com
pared with the same month a year ago.
The trade of the United States with ■
the Philippines, it is said, begins to '
show the natural growth due to the di- |
rection of the attention of American !
exporters to the archipelago. While
the exports from our ports to the Phil- i
ippine Islands for February of last
year amounted to only $1907, for the ;
same months this year they are more
than ten times as much, being $19,525. j
For the eight months ended with Feb- |
ruary 2S, IS9S, they were only $69,235, j
while for the corresponding period of
the present fiscal year they show a sain
of nearly 70 per cent, reaching $117.- !
021. Our direct importations from
Manila for February were $277,033. a *
gain of nearly 50 per cent over the !
same month last year. Notwithstand
ing the decline of imports into the :
United States from the Philippines i
during the months of active warfare,
the imports for eight months preceding
March reached $2,641,175. as compared
with $2,102,889 for a Similar period the
•year before.
Our trade with Porto Rico likewise
shows an excess of imports over ex
ports to that island. For the eight
months of the fiscal year the Imports
from Porto Rico to the United States
gained $60,000 in value over the former
year, being $587. against $525.554. Of
this gain more than one-half was in the
month of February, when the imports
of 1899 reached $124,618. against $89,186
for IS9S.
The trade balance between this coun
try and Porto Rico is now in favor of
our exporters, as for the same month
the exports were $267,619, or $170,545 in
excess of those of 1898. For the eight
months of the fiscal year the exports
amounted to $1,326,596. a gain of $12.
--596, developed regardless of the several
months when the ports of the island
were closed to our wares and mer
chandise.
Trade with Cuba has been in the
past several times as large as our trade
with Porto Rico and the Philippines
combined, and now is already showing
wonderful gains over the older figures.
A year ago in February, before the
war, we imported from the Island of
Cuba goods valued at $2,059,729. while
for the same month of the current year
the. figures were $2,307,940. For the
period of July 1, IS9B, to February 2S.
1899, the total imports to United
States ports from Cuba were $9,178 778
against $6,413,028 for the like period a
year earlier. This increase of more
than two and three.-ouarter millions
mainly occurred during the last several
months, when the crops were being
shipped.
The exports to Cuba have also pros
pered, those of January and February
showing an increase of over a million
dollars in value. For February. 1898.
the merchandise exported from this
country to Cuba was valued at $1,166.
--744. while for the same four weeks of
1899 the figures were $1,671,846. The
aggregate worth of the exports from
the first of last July to the end of Feb
ruary is given at $1,142,949, an increase
of 33 per cent over the preceding year.
DR. RAWSON COMMITS
SUICIDE IN AN ASYLUM
Was Defendant in a Sensational Di
vorce Case Decided at
Seattle.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 9.— Dr. George
A. Rawson, who figured in a sensational
divorce case in Seattle some years ago,
committed suicide at the Insane hospital
here to-day by hanging. His wife's name
was Nancy Norton, .and sue is a relative
of an ex-Governor of Virginia and a
cousin of Prince Yturblde of Mexico, who
created something of a sensation in
Washington several years ago. Dr. and
Mrs. Rawson were members of the exclu
sive circles of Seattle, and when she
brought suit for a divorce, making sen
sational charges, it was a nine days' won
der. The divorce was granted, and Raw
son, who was in New York at the time
disappeared. In 1891 Mrs. Rawson ap
peared in Washington with her cousin.
Prince Yturblde, and was received by Sec
retary Gresham and given social atten
tion. .;, :-:.-
Rawson appeared In Indianapolis about
three weeks ago and was found wander
ing about the streets by the police. He
was a victim of cocaine and morphine,
which had driven him Insane. He was
admitted to the insane hospital on April
7. and this mornin^ was found dead in a
closet. He made a rope of two towels, one
end of which he tied to a gas pipe anil
the other to his neck. He was slowly
strangled to death. He has property in
Seattle, and his relatives are supposed to!
live there. ■_ •* ■■?.<
REVOLVERS, KNIVES
AND CLUBS IN USE
Three Men Seriously Injured in a j
Riot on a Chicago
Street.
CHICAGO. April 9.— A riot in which
three men were -seriously Injured and a '
dozen others bruised by flying stones and |
pieces of iron, occurred to-day between J
about thirty structural Iron -workers, i
Revolvers, knives and clubs were used. I
The seriously injured are: Andrew ]
Delchert, R. J. Ross and Gottlieb Federer.
The fight occurred at 18 and 20 Evans
ton avenue, where a big -warehouse is in
course of construction. All the men en
gaged are union . workmen. It was
claimed by members of the union that an
agreement -whereby outside iron workers
were to do no inside' work was being vio
lated, and for several days the work In
side the building has been done under
police protection, but no officers were
there to-day. . - .
Motto "Wins at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— Excellent coursing
■was furnished at Agricultural Park to
day. The crowd at the grounds was large
and Included many ladies. " The * betting
was good and the sports pulled, down
handsomely on a few short-enders. There
were forty dogs on the card, and F. Mc-
Coombs' Motto won the final and took
first money. McCoombs' Olein secured the
second prize.
ALGER RETURNING
' FROM PORTO RICO
Secretary Pleased With General Hen
ry's Administration on the *V : ;
Island. \
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, April 9.—
Secretary Alger, with his party,' left this
morning by the transport Ingalls, pro
ceeding direct for New York, where she
should arrive on Friday. During his stay
here he received many petitions from mu
nicipalities asking for financial help and
relief from excessive taxation.
The administration of General Guy V.
Henry, the Governor General of the Isl
and, is understood to be entirely satisfac
tory to the Secretary of War. The Secre
tary and the Governor General had a long
conference, and an understanding was
reached between them as to the future.
Miners Decide to Strike.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 9.— Top men in
the mines in the Southern Illinois district
have decided to strike as the result of
their employers' refusal to grant a raise
of 25 cents a day. This will tie up at
least 3000 men.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Margaret Rayhlll (Kelly) to Thomas J. Kelly
(administrator of the estate of Thomas Kelly),
lot on i. line of Haight street, 156:3 W of
Steiner, W 50 by S 137:6; $1.
Leon and Eleanor Greenberg to Mary A.
Dare (wife of John TO, lot on N line of Carl
street. 175:7». W of Cole, W 50 by N 137:6; $10.
John H. Lindemann to Adelheit Lindemann,
lot on E line of Albion avenue, 214 S of Fif
teenth street, S 24, E S6:9»_, NW to point W
S-R9H; gift.
George T. Schulz to Margaret Schulz, lot on
E line of Alabama street, 130 S of Twenty
second, S 26 by E 100; gift.
Robert Moffat to Anne Moffat, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-fifth and Ellen streets, N M
by E 90; also property in outside county; $10.
Anne. Moffat to William and James Moffat,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth street and
Hoffman (Ellen) avenue, N 60 by X BO; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Charles Page,
lot on E line of Sansome street, S9 is of Cali
fornia, S 30 by E 137:6; $65,000.
Martin Sachs Company (a corporation) to
same, lot on E line of Sansome street, ÜB:3J4
S of California, S 20:10% by E 137:6; also prop
erty walls on N and S sides of lot; $55,000.
Celestine J. and Frank Walker to Susan M.
Blumenberg, lot on E line of Stockton street,
33:6 S of Pacific, S 25 by E 90; also all interest
in 50- vara lot S^; $10.
Joseph H. Sandford to Rudolph Spreckels, lot
on E line of Elwood street (O'Farrell alley),
SO N of O'Farrell. also 77:6 E of Mason, thence
60. N 19:1%, W 60, S 19:1%; $10.
James Lomax to David Lomax. lot on N line
of Pacific street, 114:6 W of Jones, W 23 by N
60, reserving life estate; $10.
J. B. Lewis to William H. and Serena Winn,
lot on W line of Vermont street, 125 N of Yolo,
N 50 by W 100, quitclaim deed; $5.
P. J. and Margaret A. Martin to John H.
Claussen, lot on W line of Twentieth avenue,
175 N of M street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Peter 1). Brady to Solomon Get-, lot on W
line of Ninth avenue, 43.7:' N Of N street, N 75
by W 120; $10.
A. H. Doig to George W. H. Ashton, lot on
S line of Hope street, 50 E of Brewster, E 25
by S 70, lot 1729, gift map 3; $500.
George T. Schulz to Margaret Schulz (wife
of George T.), lot on N line of Sherman street,
60 W of Ford, W 50 by N 100, lots 3 and 4,
block 11, City Land Association; gift.
Walter R. Bacon and Clifton E. Mayne to
Wendell Eastern, lots 18 to 25. 35 to 41, block
1278, lots 33 to 37, 41 to 64. block 1275-A, lots 1
to 3S, block 1279-A, as per map of Market-street
extension filed October 13, 1891, quitclaim
deed; $10.
John O'Brien to Margaret O'Brien, lot on
SW line of Fourteenth avenue, 125 SE of P
street, SW 100 by SE 50, block 231, ON. and H.
! Tract; gift. ,'„■ -_;■»
i Wendell Easton to Walter R. Bacon, lots 20
; to 33, block 1276, Market-street extension, quit
claim deed; $10.
i Walter It. Bacon to F. J. Castelhun, lots 26
to 29, block 1276, same; $10. .
Johan arid Anna L. Mollergren to Margaret
Moran, lot on S line of Sagamore street, 140 E
of Capitol, E 50 by S 100. tot 2, block B, Rail
road Homestead Association; $10.
Alameda County.
Sarah Jane Bailey to M. Rlnehart, lot on
NW line of Sixth avenue. 120 NE. of East
Eighth street. NW 150 by NE 30, block 3, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $300.
D'Arcy M. and Kate E. Cashln to Ida C.
Kelsey, lot beginning at a point 290 NW from
NW line Of Twenty-fourth avenue and 150 NE ;
from the NE line of East Nineteenth street,
S\\ 50. NW 151 to X line of Twenty-third ave
nue, thence N to Its Intersection with a line
parallel with and distant 15« NE from NE line
of East Nineteenth street, thence SE 165 to be
ginning, being the SW half of lot 2, block I,
subdivision of Fifty Associates' Tract, East
Oakland; $10. " - ..'.v.-
William P. and Alice F. Todd to May T.
Wyman. let on S line of Twelfth street, 93:3
E of Union, E 40 by S 104,. block 562, subject
to deed of trust for $2000. Oakland; $10.
L. L.. Harriet 8., Arthur D. and Elizabeth
J. Wirt to H. W. Hawley, lot on E line of
Walnut street, 406.68 N of Eunice, S 21.37, E
134, N 82.15, W 147.14 to beginning, being lot
15, block 2, Map of the Highlands, being a
resubdlvlslon of blocks 1, 2 and 3 of Touhy
Addition to Berkeley; also lot 14, block 2, of
same. Oakland Township; $1050,
James V. Coleman, Cecelia C. de Andigne
(wife of V. L.) and Isabella C. May (wife of
Henry) to John S. Dlngwell, lot on SW corner
of Telegraph avenue and Thirty-first street,
S 100. W 130.36, N 100, E 131.73. to beginning,
being a portion of lot 4 and all of lot 5, block
2025, Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10. I
John 8. and Maria S. Dlngwell to Charles
and Rachel McCall, same; $10.
Marc Cropuchettes to "Scholastique L. Crapu
chettes (wife of Marc), lot on S line of B
street, 33 E of Louise, E 75 by S 100, being
subdivisions G. H and I of lot 6. block 791
Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland; gift.
Same to same, lot 1, block 58, of subdivision
1, Laundry Farm, Brooklyn Township; .gift.
B. Kelsey to Delia Kelly, lot 7. block 671,
Glascock Tract, Oakland, quitclaim deed; $5.
j S. F. and Ellen Sinclair to Martha D. Hume,
i same, Oakland; $21.
i J. J. McKenna (by Superintendent of Streets)
| to B. Kelsey. lot 290, on map of Filbert-street
j opening, Oakland; $2.
Dora A. Kelly (administratrix of estate of
. Delia Kelly) to L. Olive Hume, lot on w line
J of San Pablo avenue, 150 S of Thirty-second
! street, S 25 by W 96:11%, NE 25:10%, E 90:2 to
1 beginning, being lot 7, block 671. Glascock
Tract, Oakland; $979.
Herman Fischbeck to J. V. Webster, undi-
I vided Interest beginning at SE corner block
! bounded by Willow, wood, Sixteenth and
Seventeenth streets, N 240 by W 190, being por
tion Plat 738, Oakland; $5.
James S. and Lizzie C. Nalsmlth to William
Y. Stlllwill, lot 9, block 101. map of portion of
Watson property, East Oakland; $10. ,
J. V. Webster to Nellie E. Clark (In trust for
Howard C, and Marlon C. Clark, minors, half
each), beginning at NE corner block bounded
E by Willow street, N by Seventeenth. W by
Wood and S by Sixteenth, thence AY 190 by S
120, being portion Plat 738, Oakland $5.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mar
garetha Hammersmith, the SW seventh of lot
131 in Plat 40, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land Township: $20. '
William C. Swett to George Golder. all In
terest in estate Daniel Swett, deceased. No.
5832; $1500.
Elizabeth B. Fish to James L. Barker, lot on
N line of Channlng way, SO E c f Mllvla street,
E 52.7 by N 130, block 2, Barker Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
The McCarthy Company fa corporation) to
Caroline Van Alstine (wife of A. L.), lot'
4 in subdivision G, Fruitvale Terminal Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Lucy Ellis to Robert Ellis, lot on SE corner
of Thirteenth and 'Alice streets, E 115 by S
CO, block 170, Oakland; $10.
Daniel Kendig to Henry B. Monges Jr., lot
70 in plat 2, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township; $1.
Frank M. Mallo to Joseph G. Lawrence, lot
on N line of New street. 209:11% S of Taylor.
5 55:10, E 71:6, N 58:«%, W 26:6, 8 2:6%, W 45,
to beginning, block 694, Oakland: $10.
Daniel Kendig to Joseph T. Monges, lot 71
in plat 2, Mountain View Cemetery, j Oakland
Township; $1.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to H. J. Ol
berg, lot on N line of Francisco street, 156. 20
E of Chestnut. E 36 by N 135.60, being lot A-6,
block 11. Curtis Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Mrs. J. Lundy to Martha R. Raggett, lot on
E line of Fruitvale avenue, 434.85 S■ of old
county road, S 49 by E 133, being lot 10. Henry
and Phillips Tract, Brooklyn Township; $700. i
Eugenic McLaren to L. Simon, lots 33 ami 34,
map of Hogan's resubdlvlslon Klngsland Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Z. arid Sarah M. Jones to Magdalene
Kick, lot 74, Gulindo Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
C. M. Lee (by Oscar L. Rogers, Sheriff) to
D. B. McDonald, all Interest In lot on N line
of Railroad avenue, 125.70 W of Stanton street,
N 165.60, W 25... S 165.68, E 25.14. to beginning,
being lot 4, block F, Powers Tract, Alameda;
$873. ,
Joseph A. Leonard Company (a corporation)
to E. M. Derby- Company (a corporation), lot
on S line of Clement or Atlantic avenue, 90 E
of Willow street, E 150 by S 150, block 16. lands
adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Alice Garton,
lot on W line' of Adeline street, 175 S of Thirty
sixth, S 25 by W 123:3, being the S 25 feet of
lot 8, block 681, Watts Tract, map 2, Oakland
s6s4.
Laura A. Pinney to Jacob and Maria T.
Burkhardt, lot 45, block E, Melrose Station
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Max J. and Bertha Brandensteln to Roger
Johnson, lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 100 E
of Wood street, E 140 by N 150, being a portion
of Chapln Tract, Alameda; $10.
John and Francesca C. Thomas to Hyacinth
Gil, lot on S line of West Fourteenth street
132.65 E of Center street, E 25 by S 110, being
lot 13, : block 579, map .or baseball grounds
Fourteenth and Center streets, Oakland; $700.
Martine Christiansen to Agnes J. an.l Madge
A. Parsons, lot on W line of Fruitvale avenue,
825 N of Hopkins street, N 50 by W 110, lot 21,
Block B, Dlmond Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.) >
SAN FRANCISCO, April 9, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In- last twenty-four
hours: - *■•■■ k;~:
Last This Last
Stations— "■>. 24 Hours. Season. Season. '
Eureka 0.00 31.07 30.90
Red Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Sacramento 0.00 13.91 8.87
San Francisco 0.00 15.38 7.70
Fresno ....:...„....... 0.00 6.62 4.1-
San Luis Obispo. 0.00 14.82 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4.73 5.28
San Diego 0.00 4.54 4.18
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, 46; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
> The weather Is generally cloudy over the
Pacific Slope. Light rain has fallen in the
western portions of Washington and Oregon
during the day.
The pressure has risen along the coast and
fallen In the Interior.
The temperature has fallen in all districts ex
cept Utah and Arizona.
Rain will probably extend to-night and Mon
day as far south as Cape Mendocino and the
extreme northern portion of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 10, 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Monday,
with showers in the extreme north portion;
cooler; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy and cooler
Monday; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Monday, probably with
showers; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy Monday, probably with show
ers; cooler. .; a :■_ ■ v. .* W.v "■■■
Arizona— Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and some
what threatening Monday; brisk west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR,
April. 1839,
Mo
We
Th.
Fr.
Sa.
1
8
It |
Mooa'n Phases
/nt Las: Quarter,
i^S- April 3.
V
It)
28
3
:u
IT
24
11
is
5
12
IV
2i
6
13
iO
n
1
U
il
\ iSik New Moon. !
I \jJ Apr! 9.
i -^Firßt Quarter
iP Arril IT.
28
29 |,j-\ Pull Moon.
IW April ti
gl
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free if expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison anil reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building at the foot of Market street Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon anil dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the- Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the .same at both places.
MONDAY, APRIL, 10.
Sun rises S:41
Pun sets 6:41
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
d Tlmel Time Time I Time
e= ! Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S |L W| H W L. W H W
» ... 5:14 ..0.2 11:50 5.2 5:08 1.7 11:30 6.2
H W L W H W L W
a ... 6:01 -O.< 12:41 6.0 5:4S 2.1
12 0-06 6.1 6:50—0.4 1:3S 4.6 6:29 2.5
IS... 0:44 5.9 7:3« -0.3 2:36 4.4] 7:10 *.7
14 1-22 5 3 8:30— 0.1 3:40 4.11 S:O1 2.S
16 '..! 2:101 5.8] 9:26 0.2) 4:50) 4.2' 9:09 3.2
16 .. 3:05 4.8 10:22 O.af 6:00f 4.3; 10:34 3.2
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is. the mean, of the lower lav waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
■ Wyefleld Nnnaimo jApl. 10
a. Blancbard... Coot Bay Apl. 10
! Samoa Humboldt Apl. lit
i Tartar Vancouver Apl. 10
! Alliance Portlnnd Apl. 10
I Fulton Portland Apl. 10
i Santa Rosa |San Diego lApl. 10
! Columbia IPnrtland I Apl. 10
! Luella iTillamook Apl. 11
j City of Rio China and Japan Apl. 11
; San JotM» iPanama Apl. 11
Townsend X'oqullle River lApl. 12
Slpnal !\Villßpa Harbor lApl. V 2
Pomona IHumboldt JApl. 12
Cool Hay Newport lApl. 12
Umatllla Victoria & Pugot Sound] Apl. 12
V .'int Arena Point Arena lApl. 13
i North Fork iHumboldt Apl. 1"
Miiv .la !Nanaimo 'Apl. 14
i Welllnffton 'Departure Bay 14
I Newburg IGrays Harbor !Apl. 14
Corona 'San IHego 'Apl. 14
Arcata ICoos Bay jApl. 14
Rtnte of Cal.... 'Portland I Apl. l r .
<")ri^aba I Newport 'Apl. 16
Qi n IViotoria ft Pqget Bound Apl. 17
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Orizaba .... Newport lApl. 10, fl amjPler 11
Walla Wall Vie & PRt Sd.lAjpl. 11. 1" amlPler 9
A Blanch' d Coon Bay Apt. 12, 5 pmlPier 13
Santa Rosa Hai. Diego |Apl. 12, 11 amlPler 11
N'pp'n Mm Cblna&JftpanlApl. 12. 1 pmIPMSS
Al"ha iPnlnt Arena. Apl. 12. 3 pmil'ier 2
AHUmoe ...l Oregon Ports. Apl. -13, in amlPler 20
Columbia .. Portland Apl. If, lOamJ'ier : r 4
Bay. ..(Newport [Apl. 14, o am! Pier i\
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .lApl. 13, 3 pm'Pler 2
Corona ....'San Diego 'Apl. l r >. n amlPler n
t'matllla .. IVic & PKt Sd. lApl. 16, 10 am ; P!pr 9
Stnte C'tl... 'Portland 'Apl. IS. In amPl.-r 24
i
Sails.
SHIPPING IXTKLiLI-eENLE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 9.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 76 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, S3 hours from
Tacoma. Port Costa direct..
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, 77 hours fm
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Navarro, Higglns, 16 hours from Cas
par. '
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, S4 hours from
Departure Bay.
Schr Queen, .Tohnk. 12 days frm Port Gamble.
Si hi- Reliance, Nordllng, 46 hours from Point
Arena.
Schr Manila. Larsen, 4 days from Coos Bay.
Schr J G Wall, BJornstrom, 4 days from Eu
reka. '■'■ •"■.■ \
SAILED. "
/.-.<;> Sunday, April 9.
Stmr Czarina, • Seaman, : Seattle, t
Stmr Areata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Simr Elsie. Gronn. Karluk.
Stmr Kadlak, Duerrbek, Pyramid Harbor.
Stmr Francis Cutting, Walker, Karluk.
stmr Pomona, Parson, Eureka. ■ .-'.■" '
Stmr Weeott, Dunham, Yaqulna Bay.
Ship Slntram, Larsen. Loring.
• Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, Pyramid Harbor.
Haw ship Fort George, Morse. Honolulu.
Schr Pearl, Bertelsen, Unalaska.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Apr. 9, 10 p. Weathet
foggy; wind SW; velocity. 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr Stmr Alcatraz,
from Greenwood: stmr Sunol, from Fort Bragg.
PORT. TOWNSEND— Arrived Apr 9— Br ship
Linlithgowshire, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Apr 9— Stmr Humboldt,
for Alaska. •. .-
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Apr 9— Stmr
Umatilla, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 9— Schr Meteor,
from Port Gamble.
REDONDO— SaiIed Apr S— Stmr Westport.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Apr 9— Schr Mary C.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Apr 9— Bark
Oakland. : for San Francisco; schr Endeavor,
tor Nlcolaefskl. '."'•' ' : ..-", .
Arrived Apr 9— Bark Tidal Wave, hence
Mar 30. .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Apr 9— Aus
stmr Siam, from Nanaimo. '
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. ..
NEW YORK— Sailed Apr 9— Stmr California,
for Naples and Genoa. •
Arrived Apr 9— Stmr La Bretagne, fm Havre;
stmr Etrurla. from Liverpool and Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Apr 9— Stmr Campa
nia, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Apr. 9— Stmr La Touralne,
for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Kaiser
Friedrlch. from New York via Cherbourg and
London.
NEW. YORK— Arrived Apr ' 9— Stmr Staaten
dam, from Rotterdam •
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
«L- Steamers leave Broadway
' -_aP____ wharf. San Francisco:
_w8«-_3__ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I ra^^Sfe___ Apr. 1 - 6, 11. 16 21 - 26. Ma 1:
«g^J& change at Seattle.
1 __K_9R a_l F° r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i flB ________! c -)» Port Townsend, Seattle.
r*«Sfc[g?M£ai Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash),
10 a. m., Apr. 1, 6, 11. 16. 21.
26, May 1, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Apr. 4.
9, 14. 19, 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter. i
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Apr. 2. 6, 10. 14. 18. 22. 26.
30. May 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redcndo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4. 8, 12. 16. 20. 24. 2S. May 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San JOM del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Fnlllne-.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO,
DTPPATCH FAST STEAMEBS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
[ADC *' 2 rir>t Ca_<i Including Berth.
rMnL 58 Second Clan*- and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24: April 2, 13, 21
State of California sails March 19, 8*: April
S. 18. 28.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
' Helena and all points In the Northwest. '
Through tickets to all points East.
S. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
new FORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PAR.I 3.
Stopping: at Cherbourg westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 12|St. Louis May 3
Paris April 19 Paris May 10
New York April 26 j St. Paul May 17
>. :; RED STAR LINE. ,
New York and e»ntwert>.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark April 12|Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19 Friesland May 10
Kensington ....April 26 Southwark May 17
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday. April 12
AMERICA MARU Saturday, . May 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. June 1
Round trio tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. /,'- \
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
P__i___e___a S. S. Mariposa
&jnM|r sails via Honolulu
kV* l_s and Auckland for -
:> P?J ™ Sydney Wednesday,
imai^\'\ April 19, at 10 p. m.
y»^aiiNl!iW The s ' S - Australia
gW eCyiCailUlliy paUg for Honolulu
™ w @ipR-b YT^ 6 "' May 3 ' at !
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez, I
England, etc.: $ClO first-class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE GENERAL- TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -_>&&■
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <_I^iJ>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •*> -™__»
Morton St. LA BKETAGNE. April IS; LA
TOURAINE. April 22: LA GASCOGNE. April
29: LA NORMANDIE. May 6; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, May 13. First-class to Havrei $65 ,
and upward, 5 per cent reduction on round J
trip. Second-class to Havre. $15, 10 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3
Bowline Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI &
CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.,
San Francisco.
HOLLAND=AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK -ROTTERDAM. VIA Bou-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers v ROTTERDAM
(S300), BTATENDAM (10.600). First Cabin, $50
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
Saloon steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM.
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents, 621 Market Street, San Francisco.
BAY AND BeIVEII STEAMEKS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Will be laid off the route for general repairs
for about 10 days, commencing Monday night,
April 10. 1599. ,-: ; j
■ I
f~%. -Dr. Gibl) on's Dispensary,
i KEABNY ST. Established
m a lf**2ss_ In 1834 for the treatment of Private
)i!W!lsf ' ' L" 5l Manhood. Debility or
625HEABNYNT. Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. De^bllityor !
R-i-^-X^i&lft disease wearing on bodyandmindana
Z_aMSsS**| Hkin Diseases. I'hedoctorcureswh"!!
L^S**yj*3P_ others fall. Try him. Charges low i
J3§S_J_s£___! el'arrii|;uariii)i?r- Callorwrite.
»r. J. _' >iltlllUMt Box _'Js7.Sau Francisco !
EAU-B-OAJj TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa Ie Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following- Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
Yorkat 1:30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car. . \; ;-
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express. ;. V
SAM FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — Hi HURIEI SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1331.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 23l J Streai.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN" FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY :
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:-0. *9:30. ll:uu a. m. ; '1:45.
3:45, 5:15. *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon- !
Cays, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS - •S:00, »10:00. *'A:3t) a. m. ; •1:15,
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. Tn.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS - 5:2.-1. *6:35. 7:45. •a:3O a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. »3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. in.
SUNDAYS - 6:20. -8:00. •10:00. •11:50 a. m. ;
•1:15. '3:10. 4:40, «6:20 p. m.
I Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
■ FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRANCISCO.
-WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:53, 8:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 6:20- p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:OO. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .L ::..V.:,
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. :
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
;^ >^-.; ; '/> (Via Sausalito Terry.) -
- Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. IL 1898: . < ■■■■ . ,' '-.'■ ' • : .;;.'V--'/.'; ; ,.V
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., l:4o p. m.
Bundays— B:oo.; 10:00, 11:80 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, Jl. _  w _.
THOS. CPOK & SON, A«ent^ <_) Market
l;.ito4J..6aajrtaacl • -_ -.
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK!
SUN FAT & CO.,
KTo. -39 C3-E____-_- ST.,
WILL BE SOLD OUT BY
AUCTION
For the Benefit of the Creditors.
COMMENCING WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1593.
At 2 and 8 p.' m. daily until all are disposed of.
Consisting of CHINESE AND JAPANESE
GOODS. OLD GOLD, SATSUMA AND CLOI-
SONNE WARES. BRONZES, EBONY GOODS.
A BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF CARVED
IVORY GOODS. SILKS. SILK PIECE GOODS.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S UNDER-
WEAR. SILK BEDSPREADS, ROBES, JACK-
ETS AND TABLE COVERS.
C. P. TROY & CO., Auctioneers.
FURNITURE OF 16 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
316 FOURTH ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 667 Market St.
EAILROAD TI-AVj_L.
Hllli> I'AUIK t'OMPASr.
(PACIFIC HVS'I'KM.) '
Tr»lm» ln»v«< stud mra «ln«» in arrive «i
NAN rKANt'IMO,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
. * — —
leave — From April 9, 1899. — arrive
•0:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •8:4.5 a
7:(M>a H»'iiici_, Suisun and .Sacramento. . . . s: _Sp
7:00* MarysTille, Orovilleand Redding via
Woodland 5:45r
7:00 a Kli_ira, VacaTllle and Ramsey 8:43?
7:'_oa Martiuei,S_nllaino_, Vallejo. Napa, '.-;=-'■*
Calisteega and Santa Rosa 6:15p
8:»0a Atlantic Express, Ogden anil Kant.. Bi-3r
_:!lOA San .lose, LlTermore, HUwktoo,
lone, Sacrameiitii. Flacerrille,
Marysville. Cliico. Red lihiff _«l»r
8:»0a "Milton, Oakdale and aouora 4:15p
' 9:00 a. Martinez, Tracy, Latiirop. Stockton,
Merced »nd Fresno 12:1 5p
9:OOa Frresno, llakerslleld, Santa llarliara,
Los Angeles, Dcmiug, El Paso,
New Orleans and East «i4sp
IO:OOa Vailfjie, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
12:00 m Niles, Livermore, Stockton. Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
, Porter-rille 4:inp
i *l:00p Sacramento River Steamers "8:OOp
4iOOr Martinez, Hun Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, OsUltoga, Santa Uosa »:13a
4:00r Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
Marysville, Orovllle 10:43 a
4:30p Nile?. San Jose and Stockton 7:ir»p
4:30p Yosemit9 Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
5:00p The Owl. Fresno, B-kersfield, San-
ta Barbara, Los Angeles 9:45 A
ty'S.-OOp Pacific Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Werth, Little Rock, St.
i Louis, Chicago and East 18:45 a;
5:30p Stockton, Merced. Freruo 12:15p
5:-»p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
iMeejave and l.os Angeles Bi43a
S:3op Santa IV Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave an.l lOHat 0:45
OiOOr European Mail, Ogelen and Hast 9:45 a
6:0 Op Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7: I.'Va
•0:OOr Vallejo 1 2:15p
?:OOi> Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Reeliling, Portland, l'uget
Som, eland East 7:4."» A
ISzOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tlO:30r
flO:03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Lob
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East ___jj__
SAN LEA-DRO AM) II4VIVARKS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"l SlelroKP, Semi mi ry Park, f G:lsa
8:00 a I Ht_-__rjr, EliulinrHt, tt'>:"sA
i9:OOA Sail l.eiiinli Soul li Sail t*tf:4sA
lO.OOa I Lcstmlro, Fstuellllo, 10:45 a
il I:OOa • Lorenzo, Cherry { *-' : I , A
t'B:OOp _ „,l 12:13p
_ : «;»P Haywar.lN. *;«J
***** .Runs through to NilM '-'.I'll
) t From Nllea. i. '■*•**
.OAST 111 VISION (Narrow «»mg»).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JB:osp
8: 1. 5 A Newark.Cen terville, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ,'■''• fc
Stations 5:50p
*2:15p Newark, CenterTille. San Jose, New
Ahnaderl, Feltou, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ». »10:30 A
4:1 5 Sau Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
64: 1 5p Pelton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlons /»:20A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street i.Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:00a.U. 11:00 *8-30 13:00
•4:00 15:00 »6:00r.M.
rromOi-UsD— Feal of Brotdwav.— «6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 »I:QQ 13:00 *3:00 11:00 "SiOQp.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (Jaiige).
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
*0:IOa South San Francisco *oT_Op
*7:0Oa Kan Jose and Way Statiein.i (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, t Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations JB:33p
9>ooa Han Jose, Tin Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Purine Grove, Paso Rubles, Sau
Luis Ohlapo, Guadalupe. Surf and ''.'---V
Principal Way Stations l:!Oi-
IO:40a San .lime anil Way Stations «8:«»0a
I1:30a San Jose and Way Stations 5:30p
•2:431' San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gilroy, He.llister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey ami Pacific
Grove ■!•»»•_
•3j3op San Jose and Way Stations »9jOOa
•4:131- San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:15 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:3Oa
3:3«» i' Han Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:33 a
K:3op San Jose ami Way Stations 7:8«p
t11:45i- San Jose anel Way Stations 7::tOi'
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. 1 Sunday only, ♦ Saturdays only.
.*„ Mondays only. ■ tSaturday and Sunday.
J Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:35,
3:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1 :-•
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 0:30, 11:00 a. ro.: 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 0:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:80, 11:10 a. m. : 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and C:33 p. m.
6UNDAYS-8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6:25, p. m.
Betv.-een Sari Francisco and Schuetzen Parle
lame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. October 16, •
Week ! Sun- 1898. Sun- t Week
Days. Days. Destination, days. ! days.
7:30 am; 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 axnl 8:40 am
3:30 pm| 9:30 am' Petaluma 6:10 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pin. 6:.2 pin
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
' Lytton.
Oeyserville,
8:30 pm S:offam Cloverdale. 7:33 pm: 6:22 *«
Hopland nnd
7:30 am UkS.ih. 7:33 rm! 6:22 pm
7:30 am '•_*" 110:25 am
8:00 am Gurneyvllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm = j 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:4 am
•"•;-• and
1:10 pm I 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 4:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. '.0:40am;i0:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 prr* , 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa _or Mark WeE»
Springs; at Lvtton for Lytton Spring: at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale to*
the Geysers; at Hoplund for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Par's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell'-,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullviiie. Booneville. On*
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Wertnort. t'sal. Willitts. Laytonvllle, Cum-,
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half raters.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN, ■
General Manager. Gen. Pass Agent,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAR JOAQUiH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1899, trains will run as follows!
South-bound. North-bound.
•— ' —
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. !
j — _ —- - — ————_——_———_ — — i — g
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:86 pm Fresno 9:33 am 1 2:42 pm
11:3S am, 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:CO 11:00 am
11:59 am 0:5 pm Vlsalia 6:40 ami 1:22 pin
12:15 pml 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am! 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Markef
at.c-U- £_>& Frausiac-.
78
NOTHING NOW
HEARD OF THAT
SILVER GAVEL
Its Mission Ends When the City
Treasury Is Empty.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
908 Broadway, April 9.
THE forced donation of one-quarter of [
their salaries by a small army of city
employes Is no more of a joke |
than it is an act of charity. Nor can ]
the victims be blamed for the references
they are making to the fact that while
the treasury' is empty the shores of Lake ;
Merritt are being filled. In a word, the j
employes of the city are working as hard
as ever, hut are paying out of their own,
pockets for public improvements which !
are of benefit to but a small portion of
the city. /
Months ago influences were at work
that caused a revival of public spirit in |
Oakland. At least that was the way in
which the spasm was represented. Men
who stated that they paid taxes on i
116,000,000 worth of property commenced
a campaign to have certain improve- :
ments carried out. These improvements
were necessary, but Mayor Snow, then
Auditor, and several practical men de- j
clared that it would be far more Teasorf- i
able to spread the expenses of these im- j
provements over two fiscal years rather !
than to pauperize the city by taking all j
the money from one year's taxes. The '
claim that all the money could be spent
and the contract fulfilled before the end !
of this year Is now absolutely refuted 1 , '
for even a miracle of the ordinary kind
could not result in carrying out the vast
Improvements within the stated time.
All this was set forth at the time, but it
met with nothing more responsive than a
deaf ear.
The "Story of the Silver-mounted
Gavel" would be the truthful title of the
history of Oakland's misgovernment for
the past nine months. Night after night
those gentlemen interested in improving
the lake gathered at the council chamber
and by their presence aided in the pas
sage of legislation favoring the scheme.
On one occasion Auditor Snow remarked
that for sixteen millions to sit behind City
Councilmen was nothing short of mild
coercion, and he saiu if he had his way
he would say: "Gentlemen, go home and
leave the city's business to the city's
officials." However, piece by piece the
vast scheme went through, and when the
measure was passed appropriating all the
money from the fund of one year there
was tumultuous applause from the in
fluential lobby and a week later Presi
dent Heitmann— one of the late "solid
six"— was presented with a silver-mount
ed gavel in token of the appreciation in
which he was held for the manner in
which he- hail fostered the impolitic legis
lation regarding Lake Merritt.
Last Monday night an ordinance was
Introduced stating that the city was
bankrupt, that the only money in sight
is $57,000, which cannot be touched even
to pay the salaries of employes. This
money is held sacredly for the benefit of
Lake Merritt, and not one cent of it can
be transferred. Further on the ordinance
contained figures reducing the salary of
everybody whose emolument is not fixed
by the charter, one quarter. Although it is
not pretended that these employes were
getting more than they deserved, there
is no choice under the circumstances.
Their salaries must be reduced or the
city will be unable to run. Mayor Snow
says that somebody must get hurt strug
gling out of the pit, and he set the ex
ample of cutting his own salary one
quarter with the rest. But when the ord
inance was read no silver gavel resounded
on the- president's desk, neither was there
an influential lobby to applaud. On the
contrary there were scores of unhappy
faces of men whose salaries ranged from
$25 tee (130 per month listening to the
words that required of them so large a
Bhare of their bread-and- butter fund. It
has been calculated that this retrench
ment of salaries will save the city about
$7000 by the end of this fiscal year, and
one of the deputies has also made the cal
culation that an assessment of one-twen
tieth of one per cent on $16,000,000 will
raise $SOOO.
The- first donation toward the deficit
of any size, it should be noted, came from
"a hated corporation" and amounted
to $5750.
Perhaps one of the most amusing fea
tures of the stringency in the city's purse
is the situation of Health Officer J. P.
Dunn. Dr. Dunn might almost be said to
have cut his own throat. Six months ago
an influential party drove around Lake
Merritt. Health Officer Dunn and several
members of the Board of Health were in
the company. The borders of the lake
were Inspected and every patch of green
slime or anything that suggested mi
crobes was shown to the doctors. Little
bottles were filled, specimens were cor
raled and for several days the bacteriol
ogists, the microscopists and the experi
mentalists of the Board of Health were
all busy making pictures and descrip
tions of gaunt death-dealing things which
Inhabited the lake. After a while a re
port was duly issued stating that the lake
was a menace to the public health; that
it was likely during the hot summer to
produce bacilli, microbes, colonies of
germs, anthrax, bubonic plague and a
few other things of which the' doctors
found mention in the text books. This
was all that was necessary. The Council
fell in line, marched along with the pro
cession and the salary of the Health Offi
cer has been cut one-fourth, said fourth
being his contribution toward the elimina
tion of these frightful creatures of the
lake.
There is some merit in Mr. Cuvelller's
attempt to repeal the ordinance forbid
ding the sale or smoking of cigarettes.
His main argument is undeniable. He
says that the ordinance- has not prohib
ited their sale, nor has it tended in any
way to improve public morals. It has
only operated to send the legitimate trade
of Oakland to San Francisco. The ordi
nance, it Is suggested, was passed in the
Interest of a firm of manufacturers who
sell cigarette tobacco but not ready-made
cigarettes, and ii was reserved for Mr.
Cuvellier to discover the ghost in the
woodpile. A State law makes It a crime
to sell to minors, and it is very doubtful
If a local law making it a crime to sell
to adults would stand. It has never been
tested simply because it has never been
enforced.
In the general desire of the new city
administration to stamp out gambling
there is danger that the crusade may be
carried too far. A measure of this kind
must be very clear and also beyond the
possibility of being ridiculed. At this
Urns can be found Is turned into a gam
session of Oakland. This cannot be de
nied. Every place wnere sufficient vic
tims can be found is turned into gam
bling den, and this Inclination to "amble !
Is rapidly increasing. In suppressing it
there must be a line drawn, and it is
useless to be blind to this fact. An or
-inance that will, in effect, make it a mis
demeanor to match nickels on a street car
to pay the fare, or to shake dice for a
drink, will not Tie popular, but will be
.subject to ridicule-. These are not the
?vlls which it is sought to reach, for per
nicious as they may be. these practices
nave never yet landed a man in jail. The
suppression of keno dens and similar in
itltutions is imperatively demanded. One
visit to these places will convince any-
Dody of their demoralizing effect. If any
thing could be more thoroughly depraved
:han a keno den, where 10 per cent of the
pool is held out, but returned to the win
ner in beer checks. I cannot conceive of I
It. In one joint there were 176 players, |
mostly youths, a few of them boys, sitting i
iround with cards In their hands, waiting |
for some one to win. breathing the foul- I
est of air. thick with vile smoke, and
worse, and noisy with oaths and rude
ness—and all this is not at "resent in de
fiance of the law. Surely no other argu
ment for the immediate passage of a j>rac
| tical measure is necessary. To this par
ticular den City Attorney Dow made a
| short visit of inspection a few nights ago,
i and although he has been a Police Com
. missioner for two years, he said he had
I no conception that such an abominable
; sight could be witnessed in Oakland. Be
fore he went home the special officer who
accompanied him had convinced him that
• there were a'score of similar places, all
; doing a rushing business.
This legislation is admittedly of the
' most delicate kind. Oakland is near San
; Francisco. In the big city across the bay
i there is practically no restraint on such
: games, and the Oaklander seeking vicious
forms of diversion will spend his money
i across the bay. It is necessary not to do
anything which will cause people to spend
! money in the legitimate channels out of
: this city, but there is a tendency for
them to do so if sound, practical sense be
I not used in connect -~~ with an honest
desire for reform. i o promote local prog
; ress and to drive out the vicious element
• of society, with a race track on one side
and a metropolis on the other, is a task
with which Oaklands's new p-ov rnment
i has now to deal, and it is not * light
I one.
The millionaire who has been sued for
a nittance for which he contracted, be-
cause of his desire to add a chanter to
the history of Alameda County, is a very
shrewd advertiser. In my humble onin
ion he suffered himself to be sued so ♦hat
all who heard of the suit would be in
duced to hunt up the history and read
that for which he ostensibly refuses to
pay. It seems to be on a oar with the
scheme of the actress who is robbed of
diamonds she never owned. As this mil
lionaire read the proofs before publication
it cannot be libelous to reproduce one
paragraph. Here it is:
The home place contains seven and a half
acres of ground, so utilized that it is in
reality a gentleman's country home, in the
heart of the city. The stables are one of
the chief features of Interest. These have
been built by Mr. — himself, and are model
ones. The main stable Is finished In polished
wood and is divided so that eight stalls and
two box stalls are most conveniently lo
cated. Then there Is the carriage house,
harness room, wash room, grooms' quar
ters, colts' apartments, and in fact all the
necessary adjuncts of a first-class stable.
On the outside are the paddocks— some sown
with alfalfa and others reserved as a run
for the horses and cows. Mr. — Is a great
lover of horses. The carriage house con
tains some of the finest vehicles' on the
Coast. There are eight rigs of various
make, and the harness is par excellence.
It is all sliver-mounted and Indeed beauti
ful. Mrs. — is a great lover of pets. She
has fine dogs, imported goats, coons, white
rats, quail, ringdoves, pigeons and deer, all
housed ln the very best manner.
It is probably safe to say that the ca_
will be settled without a trial.
The record of this city is being main
tained. The latest fad is to thank juries
who save you from prison or hanging.
Attorney Sawyer, after arguing for a
month that Mr. Brandes of Berkeley was
as innocent as a child of the murder of
his daughter, wrote personal letters to
the Jurors, thanking them for their ver
dict, which just saves his client's neck,
but makes it possible for him to live in
prison till he goes somewhere. Now
comes Mr. Fay. also of Berkeley, and
thanks the jurors for recommending him
to the extreme mercy of the court, after
breaking his daughter's thigh by way of
punlsment for eating a piece of Easter
cakte. Surely a bouquet and a sweetly
perfumed billet-doux for each juror would
be the correct thing from Mrs. Anna Men
tel. STUART W. BOOTH.
BERKELEY LIKELY
TO ABOLISH SALOONS
THE LEADING ISSUE OF THE
CAMPAIGN.
Local Politics of the University Town
Will Be Fought Out at the
Polls To-Morow.
BERKELEY, April 9.— The campaign
of, local politics In the university town
has closed, and to-morrow the polls will
show what attitude the residents of the
city have taken toward the questions
which have sprung up during its course.
The contest will not be a mild one. On
the contrary, opinion is very sharply di
vided over both principles and persons,
and the several factions are preparing to
wage war to the bitter end.
Chief among the issues Involved is the
one raised by the churches and the Wo
man's Christian Temperance Union on
the licensing of saloons.. It is more than
likely that the city will startle itself by
finding a heavy majority vote polled
against saloons. Such are the indications
at present, and such is the opinion of
several of the older politicians who know
the field thoroughly.
It will be startling because throughout
the campaign the issue has been kept un
der the surface apparently. The advo
cates of temperance have worked in si
lence, but they have worked very effect
ively. A week ago their force was hard
ly felt; the last few days have seen the
question they are agitating assume re
markable proportions. To-morrow It
will be the dominant issue at the polls,
and the opponents of the saloon-keepers
expect to bring all their influence to bear
in one supreme effort to carry their point.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union has this advantage as far as any
prejudice in its favor is concerned, of
having divorced the fight altogether
from personal or party politics. It has
allied itself with no candidate and with
no platform. Together with the local
churches and the State Anti-Saloon
League the effort has been to put the
question on the ground of pure principle
by an appeal to the moral sense of the
communtiy. The appeal, in the shape of
public addresses, campaign literature and
personal canvass, has been a strong one,
and its advocates are already predicting
success.
Among other points involved in to-mor
row's election the matter of abolishing
the office of City Superintendent of
Schools has fallen to the ground. The
complete expose made by The Call of
the attempt to cripple the School De
partment by forcing it to shift along
without system and organization arouse
so much Indignation on all sides against
those concerned in the scheme that they
were forced to change front and drop the
issue entirely. The candidates nominated
on the understanding that they would
do away with the office of City School
Superintendent still remain on the ticket,
but one and all have placed themselves
on record as retracting their former
stand.
State Sunday-School Convention.
BERKEYEY, April 9.— The State Sun
day School Association of California. will
| hold its annual convention here, beginning
i Tuesday of this week. The meeting will
| be a small one, attended by but a few del
egates. The Rev. Charles E. Locke of the
Central Methodist Church, San Francisco,
has been chosen to deliver the opening
' address next Tuesday night. The local
I churches will be represented by one or two
delegates, but will take no part in the re
! ception of the convention members. No
j programme of exercises has been printed
yet, as the deliberations are to be mostly
informal. The First Congregational
I Church on Dana street has been selected
as the place of meeting.
Much Business to Transact.
OAKLAND, April 9.— The City Council
will meet to-morrow night, and there is
much important business to be trans
acted. The ordinances prohibiting gamb
ling and. reducing the salaries of all city
employes will be passed to print, and also
the ordinance repealing the ordinance ap
propriating $50,000 to build a storm sewer
in Cemetery Creek. .- -
THE .. SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1899
HE HAS BEEN ON DUTY
FOR THIRTY-FIVE YEARS
EVERYBODY who has had occa
|-^ sion to have a letter registered
I \ knows the venerable and polite
■^"^ gentleman at the receiving win
dow of the main postoffice on Wash
ington street. It is believed that he
lives at the desk to which he has been
chained for so many, many long and
weary years. Nobody has ever seen
him on the street or anywhere else ex
cept at the desk where" he has spent
the better part of his life in writing
receipts on tissue paper and stamping
numbers and mysterious symbols on
the backs of envelopes given him by
the public. , ■'■•■■; '.;'?■[ '. . .-.: .-..v..' ]-':
Yet he is human, has a home,, and
sleeps in a bed at night. His name is
M. G. Sawyer, and he is in his sixty
ninth year. For the past thirty-five
years he has sat by the window in the
old Postoffice and signed all kinds of
receipts— tissue paper and otherwise.
When he goes to heaven it is expected
that St. Peter will give him the same
old job in the registry department of
good souls. . '■■'.]/.■-.
Mr. Sawyer first chained himself to
the registered letter desk on April 1,
— during the civil war, and a year
before President .Lincoln was assassinated. It was when Richard F. Perkins
was Postmaster. Perkins passed out of office and Holland Smith came in.
After him were James Coey, Napoleon B. Stone, Samuel W. Backus, W. J.
Bryan, Frank McCoppln, and the present Postmater, W. W. Montague.
Through all these changes of party administration old man Sawyer has stuck
to his post, a faithful servant of the Government, and is expected to remain
GOLDEN CARNIVAL'S
MANY SPONSORS
TO CELEBRATE THE VICTORY
AT MANILA:
Son- and. Daughters of the Golden
West Will * Come Together
From All the Bay
Cities.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 9.
President Cushlng has completed the
arrangements for the Golden Carnival
and predicts a great success for the
event, which will be held by the Native
Sons and Daughters in __ay in the Ex
position building. The acceptances from
prominent men of letters, professions
and mercantile pursuits to serve on the
honorary advisory board of fifty have
H. D. CUSHINIi.
been numerous, and so far there have
been no refusals to serve. The advisory
board as constituted up to date is as
follows: D. E. Collins, Hon. William
Friend, Judge F. B. Ogden, Judge John
Ellsworth, Hon. William R. Davis, The
odore Gier, H. C. Capwell, Judge Allen,
Hon. J. A. Filcher, Attorney General
Tirey L. Ford, Frank A. Leach, Colonel
T. J. Parsons; Mrs. Lena H. Mills, grand
president N. D. G. W.; Mrs. Mary J.
Langford of Eureka; Mrs. Georgie C.
Ryan, grand secretary N. D. G. W. ; Mrs.
Belle W. Conrad, past grand presioent
N. D. G. W.; Frank L. Coombs and Con
gressman Metcalf. '-:: * .
Most naturally the executive commit
tee having charge of the details of man
agement of the Golden Carnival are
taking the greatest interest in the open
ing night ceremonies, and inasmuch as
the word will go forth from those pres
ent on that occasion as to the beauty
and attractiveness of the carnival and
thus influence attendance for the entire
week in which it will be held, tne spe
cial events committee in charge on Sat
urday evening, May 6, are working hard
for a grand celebration.
As appointed by President dishing this
committee is as follows: Judge Charles
E. Snook. Dr. J. P. H. Dunn and Mrs.
Dr A. Bennett-Nash. The programme
arranged for that occasion embraces four
or live addresses by prominent men of
the State, including, if possible, the Gov
ernor and the Mayor of the twin me
tropolis, and a very pretty little cere
mony arranged by Mrs. Dr. A. Bennett-
Nash She will have a band of children,
trained and drilled by Miss Pearl Hick
man, to dance the May-pole dance. The
participants in this ceremony will be as
follows: . ; vl:-' ',-„
The character <>■. Jncle Sam will be
taken by C. W. Cornor; Miss California,
Miss Wells: little fairies. Miss Cecil Cot
ton and Miss Grace Reeves i the May
pole dance, v.ndei the direction of Miss
Pearl Hickman, will have the following
little girls: Miss Addle Sampson, Miss
May Cummings, Miss Edith Pelton, Miss
Grace Saunwell, Miss Iza Dawby, Miss
Bessie Howden and Miss Sarah Flfer.
Mrs. Dr A. Bennett-Nash announces as
members of the committee of the Japa
nese booth the following young ladles:
Miss Halcyon Hancock, Miss Duddy, Miss
Irene Bluett, Miss Maud King, Miss Mar
guerite McCormick, Miss Lou Omy and
Mis- Lucy "Weeks.
The details of the management of one
of the best attractions in the fair, namely,
Patti's castle, which will be a representa
tion of _ very elaborate and costly plan
of the famous diva's residence in the
mountains of Wales, were announced at
the last meeting of the ladies as follows:
Mrs. M. Dennis will take charge of the
booth. H.r assistants will be Miss Laura
Bader, Miss Marcovich, Miss Kelley, Miss
T. Graser, Miss A. Borlen, Miss H. Sav
age, Miss L. Borien, assisted by George
Duddy and W. H. Dennis. The ladies will
wear charming costumes and the booth
will be made the opportunity for a very
fine floral display.
Among the recent acceptances to serve
on the committees In charge of booths are
the following: Miss Lou Kellogg and
Miss Mamie Cady in the soda water
booth: Miss Laura Wood and Mrs. Carrie
Ingraham in the Gypsy encampment:
Miss Mabel Perry and Miss Kittle Good
in the icecream booth; and Mrs. Sarah
Brackett of Alta Parlor No. 3, N. D. G.
W. of San Francisco, and her daughter,
Miss Leila Brackett, will assist Mrs. A.
McDonald, chairman of the candy booth.
The other special events nights will be
handled by the following committees:
Monday, May 8, G. A. R. night, by H. N.
Gard and Mrs. A. McDonald; Tuesday,
May 9. society Cakewalk, by J. J. Neagle
and Mrs. J. E. Brown; Wednesday even
ing. May 10. N. S. G. W. competition band
concert night, by J. E. Cook and Miss G.
Surryhne. ."■■■'
The programmes have not been an
nounced for the last three nights of the
carnival. _^________________
Church Services in Oakland.
OAKLAND, April Rev. Oliver W.
Stewart, the Prohibition evangelist of
Illinois, occupied the pulpit at the First
Presbyterian Church to-night and de
livered an Interesting discourse on
"Christian Citizenship.?
At the i 5 fi-ruzregatlonal Church to
night Rev. Charles R. Brown delivered
a sermon on "The Philosophy of Prayer,"
the eighth of his series on modern ortho
doxy.
Rev. Alfred Bayley, pastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church, spoke on
"Shakespeare and the Bible" at this
evening's service.
"Our Life Work to Be Tried as by
Fire" was the subject of Rev. E. R.
Dille's sermon at the First M. E. Church
this morning. His subject this evening
was "The Right and Wrong Uses of the
Bible."
Rev. C. H. Hobart, pastor of the First
Baptist Church, spoke to-night on "Peter
at Pentecost." This morning Rev. Mr.
Hobart spoke on "A Denominational
Reason."
Rev. Professor J. H. Goodell of the
Theological Seminary to-day occupied
Rev. J. R. Knodell's pulpit at the Pilgrim
Congregational Church.
"The Empty Purse" was the subject of
Rev. MacH. Wallace's sermon at the
Market-street Congregational Church to-
night. ■: ," ■
The subject of Rev. E. M. Hill's sermon
at the Twenty-fourth avenue M. E.
Church to-night was "A Strong Fortress
for a Feeble Folk, or a Voice From the
Crags."
Rev. Arthur B. Miller of San Anselmo
occupied the pulpit of the Union-street
Presbyterian Church this morning, and
to-night Alfred W. Hare explained "Why
I Believe the Bible to Be the Word of
"Applying Common-sense to the Bible"
was the topic of Rev. J. T. Sunderland's
sermon at the First Unitarian Church
this morning. __,_ ._
Dr. Koehne lectured at the First Meth
odist Church this afternoon, addressing
citizens of the Hebrew faith. His theme
was upon "The Jewish. Greek and
Roman Genius Contrasted."
Rev. I. M. Atwood. D.D., of Canton,
N. V., for many years president of the
Canton Theological ' Seminary (Unl
versalist) is expected in Oakland about
April 15, and on the following day will
speak here. :- ■
W. W. TAYLOR HEARD FROM.
His Family's Anxiety as to the Safe-
ty of the Popular Insurance
Agent Over.
BERKELEY. April 9.— W. W. Taylor of
Warring street, who was believed by his
family to have met with some untimely
end while traveling in the South, has
been heard from at last, and all anxiety
and apprehension as to his safety are
over.
Mr. Taylor is an agent of the Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company. He left Berke
ley about a month ago to visit the south
ern part of the State in the interests of
his firm. His family received letters from
him regularly for two weeks, but after
that all word from him suddenly stopped.
As he was very regular in his communi
cations his failure to write excited the
greatest alarm.
The last letter was dated from Los An
geles, and according to the police of
that city his friends and relatives here
sent telegram after telegram inquiring for
the missing man. The Los Angeles police
worked on two different clews, organiz
ing search parties in each case. Neither
attempt was of avail. One resulted
in the capture of an escaped murderer
who had stolen his liberty and was wan
dering in the hills at large. The other
brought to light an insane man who had
escaped from his ward. But no trace
could be found of the missing insurance
agent.
The family had already resigned itself
to hear a fatal report at any moment,
when a telegram from the City of Mexico
announced Mr. Taylor's arrival there. For
some reason or other his letters had not
been forwarded, and he had been obliged
to go farther south than he had expected
before leaving. He will reach Berkeley
from Mexico to-morrow on the southern
overland. ••.:.'
New Postoffice Directory.
OAKLAND, April 9. — Postmaster
Friend is compiling a new postal direc
tory. He has sent out the following no
tice:
"Any changes of address given in to
this office prior to April 1, 1899, will not be
observed or obeyed. Therefore, all per
sons who have changed their residence
during the last three months, or since
January 1, 1599, should notify the post
master at general delivery window."
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A Levitt. Pa j A J Rooney, N V
S Robinson, Stanford Mrs L L CarDenter
F A Schneider Jr, Cal Mich
H H Bell, Stanford Mrs W H Potter Mich
C W Ames, S S Arl- J S Chapman, L*Ang
zona / Mrs Chapman, L An*
Mrs J B Farlsh, Colo T S Fuller, L Ang
Miss E Passlngham, Mrs Fuller, L Ang
England \ . V , B "Goodrich, L Ang
B Collins, Stanford J W Graeme, U S N
R Midzutani, Japan Mrs S A Osborn Cal
H Hamada. Japan W Rogowskl, N*Y
B fitahl, Japan C Boldt, Ind "
E W Murphy, Portland Mrs C Boldt, Ind
E A Wallace. Mich A S Swan. N V
W F Wells, Pa .Mrs A S Swan N V
S H Knlsely, Pa C Henrotln, Chicago
F R Tackabury, Mass Mrs Henrotln, Chicago
I L Lohfeld, Pa EC Voorheis, Cal
T Sternfeld, NY Mrs J S Cone, Cal
E J Canper, Minn Miss Cahoone, Cal
Mrs W Andrews, N C Mrs E W Runyon, Cal
Miss Andrews, N C J D Sherwood, Wash
W W Andrews. Ohio Mrs Sherwood, Wash
Mrs Smith, N V Mrs G B Herbert, N V
Mrs Whitehead. NY J Flnnell. Tehama
Miss Greff, NY LA Crane, S Cruz
Miss Rooney, NY A ,W Brewer, L Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
C C Williams. Cal 'A J Jones, L Ang
J D Blddle, Hanford I J P O'Brien, Sonora
C Williams. Sacto IA Bergman & w, Cal
W T Johnson, Cal !H S Allen, Sonora
M V Freeman, Cal I J W Purdy, Sonora
T Beatty, L Ang iw B Cooley & w. Conn
P J O'Hara, L Ang D D Ollphant, Or
Mrs L A Blaslngame, Vi R Southard, N V
Fresno C Wlnne & w, Orland
T H Green, S Rafael B A Washburne, 111
W McAllister, Sacto C L Carbone & w Cal
L R Russell. US N IE H Johnson, Chicago
El Kelly, Cal - ■ J M Roberts. Tai
E Marx, Portland A T Lee, Angels V-'V; 1 1
J Eckland, Portland F S Plerson, N V -"'•-"-
W A Jones, Cal J A Beecher, Cal
W S Lenhart.Yreka IW J Young &w, Cal
S a Stansberg. Cal 'R Effey, S Cruz j
C W Rogers. L Ang I J Irving, L Ang 1
Mrs S A Osborn. Cal i
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O Colberg.' Suisun JD Banker, Redlands
G Granuchl. L Gatos D N Collins, N V
H L Foy, Fresno It Healy. S Rafael
T White. NY " II Q Saunders, Sacto
It A Babbitt, Benicia H H Craig, Or
JII McNeil, Benecla A J Bergman, Mo
J M Joseph, Stockton T Gait, El Dorado
T Claussen, Ukiah H M Jameson, Cal
Paris actresses wear paper lace, which
by night looks as beautiful and delicate
as the best of real lace, while it costs
but a trifle.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal «A_,
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. JKZf
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. fTF >
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) __%_,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- ?C3ef
gree. Master Masons cordially in- ITW l
vited. By order of the Worshipful Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. __
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-J^
DAY), April 10. ISH9, at 7:30 p. m.^/
Degree 1. By order»of the W. M. /▼>
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A. M.. Franklin Hall, 1539 Flll-^Jk
more st.— First degree THIS (MON-'B'lf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By*V>
order of the Master.
_^ HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
ORDER Eastern Star— Members of the V_#
Grand Chapter will attend the funeral __§_,
of our sister, MARY A. SMITH. Past m W^
Grand Treasurer, THIS DAY, from her *
residence, IS Franklin st., at 2 o'clock p. m.
KATE J. WILLATS, Grand Secretary.
O. F. C— The Grand Council of California,
Order of Chosen Friends, will convene in
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building. Market
and Seventh sts., TUESDAY, April 11, at 10
o'clock a. m. sharp. '•■•■.■, ;: :v } '-
S. C. WALLIS. Grand Recorder.
NOTICE Is hereby given by order of the Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June. A. D. 1899, at eleven o'clock ln the
i forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
I meets, namely, at the office of said Company,
| number 327 Market st., in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
| the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bonded Indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00). in
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of Its steamships and their equipment, for
use In the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure the bonded indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and sailing ships and all other property of
said Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
rCorporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany.
SPECIAI, notices!
PILES-PETER FREILINGS pile salve! $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
St.. on and after MONDAY. April 10, 1899.
Transfer books will close TUESDAY, April 4.
1899. at 3 p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Sec.
SITUATIONS A FEMALE.
SECOND girl, best of city references, desires
a situation; also German and Scandinavian
cook, best of references. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 316 Sutter st.
! NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or housework; $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations — Several flrst-class
cooks, chambermaids, waitresses, laundresses,
etc. Ladles can secure flrst-class help of all
nationalities by calling on or addressing
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120.
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian laundress desires
situation: best local references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. Telephone
Grant 120.
MIDDLE-AGED English woman, good cook
and houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist,
strong and willing, $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish houseglrl with the
best of city references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, best references, $20.
MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell St.; tel. Main
5332.
YOUNG German nurseglrl and also young sec-
ond girl, $10 and $12. MRS. LAMBERT. 418
Powell st.
SCOTCH girl, chambermaid and sewing or sec-
ond work; well recommended. MRS. LAM-
BERT, Powell st.
GERMAN woman, first-class carver, makes all
delicious kinds of salads, dressings, also
roasts, fish and meat; Jelly dishes; able to
take charge of a store; city or country. Box
1171, Call office.
GIRL 13 years of age wishes to assist ln house-
work and take care of children; references.
513 ■ McAllister st.
YOUNG woman would like to get day work;
wages $1 per day and car fare. Please call
227 Minna st. ___
GIRL of 14 years wishes to mind 1 or 2 chil-
dren: good home more than wages. Call 116'' 3
Langton st.
GERMAN woman wishes washing and Ironing
or housecleanlng. Please call 711 Minna st.,
near Eighth.
GOOD laundress wants washing at home; also
work by the day. Apply 422 Second st.
COMPETENT woman wishes day work, wash-
ing, Ironing or housework. 756 Folsom st.
GIRL lately from the East wants second work;
competent; city or country. 270 Jessie, nr. 4th.
GIRL wants to assist In light housework; a
good home; $10. Box 946, Call office.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Powell, tel. Main 5332, best
help, all nationalities, desire various posi-
tions.
SEAMSTRESS with flrst-class city references
desires few more engagements at $1 25 day;
suits. $4-. Address X., box 896, Call office.
DANISH girl wants to do general housework.
413 Natoma.
AN experienced woman wishes the care of
young chtldren; good seamstress. Address
60SA Shotwell st., near Twentieth. "..
AN experienced dressmaker In ladies' and
children's clothes; will accept engagements In
families; $125 per day; cutting and fitting
a specialty; references. Apply 1212 Scott st.
SWEDISH woman wishes work by day wash-
ing or housecleanlng. Please call at 18
Rausch st.
CAPABLE woman wishes work of any kind
by the day. Inquire 5 Alaska place, off
Mason, below Bay st.
YOUNG woman would like a position as cham-
bermaid. 465 Jessie St., near Sixth.
WANTED, situation, flrst-class private fam-
ily, by thorough good cook; also a general
housework girl; . reference. 119 A Sixth st. ;
call Monday. , V : -.'
COMPETENT dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day In families.
Apply at 26 Turk st. .
REFINED young woman would like a position
as lady's companion and assist ln light work;
references given. Address box 72, Call office,
Oakland.
HOWARD, 1139— First-class laundress desires
infants' fancy dresses and laundry work.
TWO young ladies would like positions, one as
bookkeeper the other office work. 216 Kearny
st., room 9.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
. and baggage to and from f*rry; elevator.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands
domestics. ITO. 725 Geary st. ; tel. Polk 12.
COOK wants a place to cook In a saloon or
lunch counter or short order; cook In a cof-
fee and chop house or oyster opener ln mar-
ket. 514 Central aye., near Hayes st. H. F.
YOUNG steady man desires position with pri-
vate family as man about place; can milk,
care for horses and garden; good references'
wages $20 to $25. Box 942, Call office. .
AS barkeeper by a sober, respectable, single,
middle-aged man; personal references. . Bar-
keeper, 87, Third st.
BARBER "wants work evenings,' Saturday and
Sunday; steady; 15c shop preferred. Box
945, Call office. ,
UPHOLSTERER, German, young man, wants
work. 7 Grant aye., room 10.
RESPECTABLE gentleman desires to give
. French, Italian or Spanish lessons. Box 890
Call office.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
ENGINEER with license and 25 years' prac-
tice, understands Corliss, compound and con-
denser engines and dynamos, locomotives and
traction engines, wishes a situation; city or
country. \ Box 868, Call. >
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation: city or country; good ref-
«_"-. Brut 922. Call offii__
I SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG man of good habits wishes position to
take care of horses In private family; refer-
ences. Address box 925. Call office.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler in want of em-
ployment; 15 years' experience; town or
country. Box 905, Call.
POSITION as driver for milk or delivery
wagon; good solicitor; references. Apply 1322
Mission st.
JAPANESE wants position. Who wants a
strong and good cook? If any, try me. H.
Y. S.. 1318 Polk st. .
BARTENDER wants position in resort or
country; good mixer. Address box 885, Call.
AN experienced vlneyardist and wife would
like situation; understands wine making and
farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES, 813 Jessie st.
HELP WANTED—
COOK, small wash, Oakland, $30; cook, no
wash, $30, a small distance; cook. 3 in family.
San Rafael, $25; 4 cooks in American and
German families, $25 and $30; North German
nurse, $25; nurse, Infant and sewing, $25;
waitress and parlor maid, $25, and a large
number of girls for cooking and housework In
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, nice hotel across the bay, $20; 4
waitresses and chambermaids, country hotel,
$20; lunch and dinner waitress, $20; restaur-
ant waitress, $5 week, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer as clerk for
this office; apply early Monday morning. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, small sanitarium, $20, easy place; 2 sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. •
REFINED German waitress and seamstress,
$25; German nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. _______
NEAT young girl, light housework, $15 cook.
German style, $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter St. '".-v-"':
NEAT young girl, light second work, $12; Ger-
man or French nursery governess, $30; maid
for an old lady, must understand massage.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT girl, light housework, Pacific
Grove. $20; easy place. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, 2 days every week;
apply' early. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, 3 in family, $25; 2 cooks, $30
and $25; 2 nurses, $25 and $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15; 2 chambermaids and
waitresses, city, $20 each. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child 4 years old, $10; nurse, grown
children, $20; nurse, 1 child, $25; French
nurse, $25 to $30, need not speak English.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, city and country hotels, $20
and $25; 3 restaurant waitresses, $6 and $5 per
week; waitress, $20, sleep home, boarding
house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
7 .waitresses, different country hotels, $20;
waitress, Carson City, Nev.. $20, fare one
way; 4 . waltresse*. city, $20: 2 chambermaids
to. wait, $20; chambermaid to wait, for
springs, $20; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses,
$20; woman cook, small country, hotel, $25;
fancy Ironer, short way in country, $10 week.
...' FAMILY DEPARTMENT
First-class private family waitress, $25; sec-
ond girl, $25; nurse, care of young baby, $25,
see lady here; 4 cooks, understand Jewish
family cooking. $25 and $35; 25 girls for cook-
ing and general housework, $20 and $25; girl
for -housework in small American family, no
washing, $15 to $20, and many young girls to
assist, $12 and $15; nurseglrl, nice place, $10
month. C. R. HANSEN & CO., lift Geary st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 418 Pow-U, tel. Main 5332, help of
all nationalities wanted for various positions.
GERMAN chambermaid, city, $20, for hotel.
MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell St.
THREE German cooks; German nursery gov-
erness; German nurse, $20 to $30. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell st.
25 YOUNG girls for housework; also- a number
of young girls to assist; a German girl for
housework, 5 In family, also a number of
ranch cooks. MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St.;
phone Main 804.
GIRL for housework, Belvedere, $25; waitress,
$20; 2 cooks, $25; 2 nursegirls. MRS. HIRD,
631 Larkin st.
WANTED— Young lady to make fancy neck-
wear; must have had experience In this par-
ticular line. Address box 947, Call office.
WANTED— Apprentice girl; must understand
sewing; paid while learning. DAVIDSON &
MILLER, 731 Market st.
WANTED— Elderly lady, light work, keep
house. 2 Clarence court, off Buchanan st.,
near Geary. '
BRIGHT woman for 50-room lodging house;
must Invest $300. Box 941, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shirt makers wanted. 516 Sut-
ter st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress, buttonhole maker. 516
Sutter st.
GIRL to help on skirts; pay while learning.
868 Mission st., room 7.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, wanted at 1721
Van Ness aye.
GIRL to care for child 7 years old; sleep home;
wages $22 to $25. 631 Larkin st.
STRONG, plain girl for general housework.
Call after 9 o'clock, 544 Third st.
WANTED— feller hand on custom coats;
steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole makers .on custom
coats; also apprentice. 927 Market., room 623,
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants wanted; steady
work. 229 Fifth st.
WANTED— Nurse girl. Call bet. 10 and 12 at
3342 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted at 1107
Howard st.
FINISHERS and operators wanted on pants.
227 Fifth st.
GERMAN or Scandinavian general housework
girl for Belvedere. 899 Pine St.; 11 to 3.
YOUNG girl, take care of child, $5; good home.
One bell, 519 Jones st.
GIRL or woman for light housework. 451 Guer-
rero st.
NEAT young girl to take care of a baby; must
sleep at home; wages $6. 1445 McAllister st.
WANTED— GirI in candy store: references. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 12 a. m., 250 Third st.
WANTED— Starched work ironers at United
States Laundry, 16th st., near Valencia.
WANTED— A neat colored girl to do some
mending. Address box 900, Call office.
EXPERIENCED hands for cloak and suit al-
terations, to work in store. DAVIS, SCHON-
WASSER & CO., 134 Post, 8:30 to 10:30 a. m.
OPERATORS on overshlrts. and underwear.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in housework. Call
Monday, morning at 457 Guerrero st.
5 EXPERIENCED operators on custom shirts
and bar coats; steady work guaranteed. 3957
Twenty-fifth St., bet. Church and Sanchez.
GOOD home for middle-aged woman; will give
small wages. Call at 1221 York st. .'■ ■-.;. ..;-•■,
PROTESTANT young girl or middle-aged wo-
man; light housework; no washing; wages $10.
Box 906, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced operators; best prices;
steady employment. EAGLESON & CO., 535
Market st.
WANTED— young lady for the vaudeville
stage. Box 911, Call office.
EXPERIENCED hand sewers and machine
operators for gloves. Carson Glove Co., 35
Market st.
ONLY experienced hands on silk ! waists;
power. S. F. MFG. CO., 409 A Turk st.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts. ROGERSONS'. 535 Valencia st.
HELP WANTED
WANTED— Coachman,' s3o and found; English.
Scotch or Irish gardener, $30 and found; 3
more quartz miners, $2 day and board; 5 coal
miners: 10 laborers, country, $1 75 day; butcher
boy, $15 and found; choremen, farmers and
• others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. ■'■ •?.:• ■->' .: ' : ■•.:.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family, $40;
second hand baker, $25 . and found; cooks,
waiters and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO., 62S Sacramento st. .
C. R. HANSEN & C0...... ....Ph0ne Grant 185
• ......OFFICE OPEN MONDAY, 7 A. M.......
Teamsters and laborers free fare
Laborers, ship Monday......... 'Mountain road '
Laborers, Valley road Ship Monday
A gang of laborers to build wagon roads and
work around a reservior, long Job, fare 50c,
office fee $1
7 milkers, different counties, . $25 and found..
8 farmers and choremen. $25, $20 and $15
Carriage painters, $2 50 a day, country; ranch i
blacksmith; vegetable . gardener, $20; metal
buffer, $2 a day............ '.
Teamsters, city work, $175 a day .-
Second ■ cook, $60; night cook, $60; broiler,
$65; second cook, country hotel, $35; pot wash-
er, hotel, north, $25 1
Neat bellboy with references, hotel. $15, and
others, C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary. :
FIRST-CLASS polisher for laundry. c! R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
WANTED— Cook with $125 as partner In res-
taurant doing good business. Apply 210 Town-
c-id st, •,'■ ■ ' *.- -,'•' .'■' jj
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MURRAY & READY. ..... .... Phone Main -SMS
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
v ...WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY..-....-.;
Blacksmith, country shop, good steady job.
6 laborers, pick and shovel work, near cltj .
10 tiemakers, Sonoma County, 10c each ,4 la
borers for the mines; 20 farm, orchard and
vineyard hands, $20: 3 ranch choremen, $-«
and -found •.:..'....'...."• ■'• ■ • •••• ••''",' VnVind
l^u^:::::'::±::::::::":^i^M
Butter maker and run separator, .ana
found; gardener; *»__"« ' °_^ ( Sg_* < 3t
pers. MURRAY & READ,, 634-636 Clay st.
MEN AND WIVES. bilker and
Farmer and wife for stock ranch: milker ana
wife, $35 and found: private family, man g>
and found. MURRAY & READ-, 634-636
Clay st. . ■ ,
HOTEL Department-Cooks, city and country,
$30, $35 and $40; Ironers, $30 and found, wait-
ers, city and country, $25 and found, dish-
washers, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. ,
WANTED. '-.'"- ■*„ „
6 farmers for different places near cit> . *-<>
and $25; milker, good, steady job, $30; young
German to work in kitchen and about resort
near city. $15 per month and found; engineer
and blacksmith lor mill. $40 and found, and
others. W. P. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED-A plain worklngman for Porter
work in business house; German speak
preferred; wages moderate. Box 947, can.
WANTED— Shoe cutters at 134 Main st.
ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO. _____
GOOD young barber wanted; 15c shop. 2007
Mission st. • ■ . ____
YOUNG man with 6 months' experience at bar-
ber trade. Address box .40, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted at 39 Post st.
INTELLIGENT office boy, 15 to IS years; wages
$3 50. Address box 939. Call office.
COAT maker for country. Apply REISS BROS..
24 Sutter st: '
WANTED— A polisher for plating works. In-
quire 820 Broadway. ' .
PAPER hanger to work for use of 2 or 3 un-
furnished housekeeping rooms. 10-8 Aiar_e_
BUTCHER boy wanted to drive wagon; refer-
ences. Apply bet. 7 and 9 a. m., 1145 Folsom.
BOY wanted at Lick Laundry, 9 Lick place. ■
BOY wanted that can speak German. JOHN
HUSCHLER. 235 Kearny st. ________
WANTED— A ' waiter and dishwasher at 613
Clay st. .
WANTED— Barber to buy Mc shop; must be
sold; owner leaving city. 203 Jones st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in one of the oldest
business openings, established 25 years; , sure
$75 or more each per month; light office work,
experience -not necessary. _ Apply GUB
STRAND & CO.. 1027 _ Market St., above Bth.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. 803 Montgom-
ery st., third floor, room 6.
WANTED-Sallors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE. Ship-
ping Agent; 504-506 Davis st. __
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jesßle 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 largo
rooms; 26c per night $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
coast at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. __
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, soma
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts. ; open Sundays.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market St. W. J. BRIDE-
■ SHAW. Secretary.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 350
to 50c. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. BOWHAY, 516
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent: lady of gen-
tleman. Room 4. 408 California st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak, read
and write English, and be between 5 feet 5
inches and 6 feet In height. For further In-
formation apply at the Recruiting Office, 40
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 250
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. 138% Eighth St.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
WANTED To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Putter st.
TRT Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. ____■
AGENT* WANTED. ~
MEN or women to canvass heme— i with well
advertised special shoes for women - comfort;
great sellers: quick returns. "UNA," 7 Tem-
ple place. Boston, Mass.
SOLICITORS wanted— Intelligent men;
$2000 may be earned as wages In 4 months.
Address 8., box 567. Call office.
AGENTS, ladies or gents, can make from $3
to $6 a day. Apply. at Call office.
■— —————eee———— —_e— ___—'———__'——_——_———_—_■—■—— ■
PARTNERS WANTED.
_-.._.
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre; best seller
out; sample postpaid, 25c. J. Brown. 332 Bush.
PARTNER for hat store and manufactur-
ing. THE GERMAN-AMERICAN, 34 Kearny.
$150— LADY partner; half Interest In lodging-
house; good living. Box 916, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in candy and ice cream
parlor; must be sober and steady. 131 Fifth.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market st . pays highest
cash price for furniture, groceries, etc.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Typewriter ln good condition; any
make; cheap for cash; Oliver preferred; state
price. Box 903, Call office.
SCRAP iron, brass and copper bought; coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.
_ ______________
DENTISTS.
MtT~T7"_!~---GGiNS' Dental ParlorsT^ ~~"
. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work- done on the teeth is always the moat
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth,
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the' ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood b ig.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold } crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions, free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Lunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. . W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A FULL set- of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie. 1133.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4-
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of!
teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fillings. SOc: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market St., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guarantee-
work: lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN
TAL PARLORS, 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st near"
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. rt
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. "~ a. t,.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction
.. guarntd. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth
$4: Ailing, gold, 50c; silver. 25c: crowns. $3. '
-_—-_-__---
LOST.
STRAYED or stolen— A small Hurona spaniel
or poodle pup. A liberal reward if returned
to 1612 Sherman st., Alameda.
SMALL black and tan; white breast, short legs-
collar, Jack. Return 645 Washington. Reward!
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbefnia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MOSES HERRMANN or BABETTE
HERRMANN. No. 200-888. The finder will
please return to bank. m
FOUND. -
FOUND— Young black and white greyhound
bitch. Owner call at 31 Fourth __; e>nound
FOUND— A Gordon setter dog. Call at 8 p~__
pect aye. between 6 and 7 p. m.
w — _BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2so;" HOME cooking parlor and delicacy
store, on Larkin st. ; worth J400; great sacrl-
V.cc. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— *4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business li lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a
first-class invest-itnt. R. G. WILKE. room
8. 306 Market st.
a- $1650; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection, of trees; every
farmer of fruit grower needs them; tmall
cost of manufacturing. Particulars ot It. G.
WILKE. -SOO Market St., room 6.
A— WAGON and carriage* shop; repairing and
manufacturing of farming implements; In
lively country town, Alameda .my. estab-
llsheel many years; tools $400; stock at invoice
price; a splendid chance for good, 6teaiiy man
who knows his business. .... R. _. WTLK.E.
906 Market St., room 8.
A— s6oo; RAILROAD boarding-house In Oak-
land flrst-class paying; best class of board-
ers; large rooms; good furniture: rent $20.
Particulars of WILKE. 9j6 Market, room 8.
A-SSSO; CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms, on Market St.; doing a good-paying
business; owner bought transfer business.
Particulars of WILKE, 90S Market, room 8.
GENERAL merchandise store connected With
postoffice In lively country town; no oppo-.
sitlon; Including building. 2 lots 25x160;
$2000; stock cf merchandise about $.3000: !
rarest chance. For particulars call WILKE
& UNFUG, 906 Market st.
FINE house In country. 40 acres highly culti- I
vated land: ten acres fruit: house, barn; no j
incumbrance: will trade for large rooming
house. S. H. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market Bt.
A— slsoo; PLANING mill for sale; one Of the
bet-t paying businesses on the coast; tull
value in machinery, etc. GUS STRAND &
CO.. 1027*. Market St.. above Sixth.
$350— CIGAR and variety store; 4 rooms fur-
nished: a sacrifice. STRAND it CO., I.7'_
Market st.
$650— SALOON opposite Oakland ferry; sickness
cause of sale. STRAND &. CO., 10_7V_ Market.
WE buy,' sell or exchange business of any kind.
BTRANP & CO., 1027H Market st., above oth.
$;feV-KOOMING house clearing $25 month anei
- good living. COWING & CO.. 935 Market st.
$'-00— BAKERY and restaurant; cause of sale,
old -ixe. COWING & CO., 935 Market St.
$450— BUTCHER shop; daily receipts $50; cause
of sale, sickness. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
$300— BUTCHER shop; - must be sold to-day.
COWING & CO., 395 Maiket st.
A-JLVi; PARTNER wanted: established busi-
ness: $12 to $18 a week; trial given. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$250— PARTNER wanted: Mght business; $18 to
$25 a week; no experience required. WEST-
ERN INVESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st,
A— s7oo; GOOD practical man wanted as part-
ner ln old established well paving butcher
business; fine opening. S. 11. GOULD & CO.,
632 Market st.
$450— FINE-PAYING butcher .shop: does cash
business of $20 daily: old established corner;
sells 4 cattle, 25 sheep weekly; don't miss
this bargain. STENBERG Ct>., 2C I , 2 Kearny. |
$125— BRANCH bakery: a nice place: living
rooms: cheap rent. JONES <_ CO., Mw Market.
$150— RESTAURANT: snod value for $300: must
be sold at once; owner leaving city. JONES
6 CO., 865 Market st.
$425— BAKERY. Ice cream parlor, confection-
ery; fine fixtures; fountain cost $125; clears
$luo mo.; trial- given. Nat'l Agency. 7 Grant.
FOR sale or rent— An old-establlsheel brewery
in prosperous country town; -complete outfit
for business.' McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
GROCERIES nnd groceries arid bar. from $400
to iIM. THE GERMAN AMERICAN, 34
Kearny st.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON _: CO., 100SV. Market St.
AN experienced business man would like to
take interest ln some good paying business;
trial must be given; best of references; state
particulars and price asked; no agents. Box
943. Call office.
FOR sale in San Jose — Restaurant with fina
trade and increasing; ill-health cause of sell-
ing: a thorough investigation allowed: GEO.
DALLAS, San Jose.
$600— FINE saloon; corner of one of best ave-
nues in city; principals. Address box 21,
Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; good location. 1004
Hyde St., bet. Pine and California.
■ SHOE shop for sale cheap on account of going
to Europe. 335 Noe st.
WANTED— A steady man capable of taking
charge of lumber camp, with some means,
who will take an interest in the same; a
chance of a lifetime: must be sober and in-
dustrious; also an engineer und sawyer for
same camp on like conditions; investigate this
opportunity for a fortune. For particulars
address Owner, box 910, Call off! ee. .
$1000— PARTNER; saloon central business lo- 1
cation; every opp.jrtunity to Investigate,; ref-
erences given and required; principals only;
excellent chance for good sabjon man. P.
E., box 914, Call office. ..
$1200; WORTH $200«»— Saloon and chophouse and
cigar-stand; buyejr can clear it In 2 months;
full Investigation before buying: owner has
to leave fc'tate; no agents wanted. Apply
Call office.
WANTED — Silent partner, male or female,
with '$500 cash, for quarter interest in large
pig and chicken ranch nearby; monthly re-
turns for quarter interest $50 to $10*.. Box
532. Call. ■
WANTED — Partner; &1500; new enterprise in
the State; 500 per cent profit; want a business
man to investigate this; _cc what I have got-
Box 537. Call.
IF you like to take interest In a good paying
business, money will double itself in short
uime, call at 41P_ California st., room 9, lor
(particulars. . . . -
RESPECTABLE roadhouse near Hay*
consisting of 1 house, outbuildings, 1 acre
land and stock of liquors. 1003 Mission, S. F.
BUTCHER shop for rent. 1303 Buchanan st.,
near Eddy; a Snap for a live man; cheap rent;
between grocery and fruit store.
BAKERY, candy and notion Store for sale;
3 living rooms; rent cheap; bargain. Ad-
dress 227 Ninth st.
$200— PARTNER: indoor business; will pay $60
to $75 per month to each yearly. Box 857, Call.
$1300— SALOON; central location; stock and fix-
tures ln value. Apply '"all office.
$600— OLD-ESTABLISHED market In Mission;
present owner there 10 yea; Box 889, Call. •
OLD-ESTABLISHED stand; 2 horses and large
■ wagon; must be sold. Inquire at 257 Hayes.
$700— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
sales $15 to $25 a day; 3 nice living rooms; |
a bargain. Box 414, Call office.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $to to $25 a day, or
v. 111 exchange for real estate across the bay. \
Apply 600 Haight st.
$500— YOUNG man with good references and
business experience wanted as a part- In
-a good manufacturing business; established j
1883. Box 847. Call office. .
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business. including stock ■
and good will. 840 Third rt.
PARTNER wanted; good -liable man with
little capital. Inquire 41 Third st., room 6.
$100— LIGHT manufacturing business; owner
sick; article sells at sight. Call 41 Third, r. 5.
RESTAURANT fixtures cheap at 1245 Ken-
tucky st. Apply 234: O'Farrell st.
EALOON for sale ln good location. Inquire at
636 Third st. r__j
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL ft CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
M-ROi house on Van Ness $350
. 16-rot-m house on Third rt 275
30-room house on Post '. 2S')O
44-room house for city or country propty. 4000.
64-room house; clears $300; payments 3000
21-rOOm house on Van Ness aye 1500
16 -room house; clears $100 300
U-rcom house in Angels. <\amp 450 -
lf.-rnom houte; central: $100 cash 300 I
SO rooms: rent $30; on Mission st ■. 1300 :
M-room house; clears $300 1600
17 rooms; on Sixth st 4.^0
E4-rGom house: nev/ furniture . 750
FOR A HOUSE ANY. SIZE OR PRICE call 1
p " H_^._DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
A-KREDO & CO 22»_ Geary st. j
Money Advanced on All Houses. '
M rooms; best corner Fourth st $2400 j
38 rooms; Market St.; best in city 1500 ■ .
• 24 rooms: Geary st.; near Plaza 800 !
•Slrooms; best block Eddy st.; a snap.. 900
10 rooms; O'Farrell F t.; clears $'0 300
A few special bargains. Call early. REDO.
W^HOUSE' 20 rooms. well~furn[shed; rent'
'■iEi.M'. n \ hr " r 'wealns. STRAND & CO.
1027t_ Market st.
1*00—25 ROOM always occupied: furniture
pood order; compulsory 6ale; returning to
France. ?.'' Bush st.
$800— SNAP; 40- room house; near Market- cen-
tral; must sell this week. Baslle,B73Vi Market. 1
NEAR Market fit.; 24 rooms; fno<\ furniture-
rooms always full: price ?SfeQ. Box 809, Call!
FURNITURE £ FOR.; SALE; "'"
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $58 50. with NoT
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1187-131 Market!
I i iii ■ n 1 1 „
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold'
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45! i
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- I
pairing at lowest rates, 206 Fourth it.
s .--......'..._
":. "■■■- PERSONALS.
LEDERER Quinonia. a perfect hair dressing;
makes It glossy; cleans the scalp: 35c bot.
- Foamo Shampoo, Ec pkg. G. Lederer, 123 Stktn.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25e-.. Just received a magnificent line of
hair ornaments and side combs; offers them
at very small prices. 123 Stockton st.
IN divorce matters will give full Information
free: strictly confidential. -Box 831. call.
SBARBORO & CO., grocers, formerly of 631
Washington, have removed to 621 Montgy. St.
JOHN L. BOONE Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular^ Patents Solicited. _
AUGUSTA LEOLA. 2326 Mission st.. near 20th
Greatest fortune teller ln the world; gives
luck love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling: fee, $1 and upward.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order. $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants: samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
i.> to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effect 112S utter st MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches, BOc up; this week
only: artistic opera dressing La Verite Halr-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red 3733.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE. Jeweler, 24? O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
CITY OF PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stock ( on st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no In-
jection:guarntd. Dr.Gordin, 6l4 Pine, Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8; bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— lndies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 097, JACOBS, 1023 Fols- St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers. formerly on
Post st., -■moved to store 110 Kearny st.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. 11. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
ESS MAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up; dresses made
overt perfect fit. ■■ Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. ,1. J. WHITNEY. trane-TTesVme-hjnT
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sitting-. $1. 232 Stockton st.
MLS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
St.. near Polk; counsel. SOc; by letter. 50c;
meetings every night. 10c.
MRS. MENA FRANCES. independent slate
writing medium. US Haight st. ;
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon., 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller. has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAL EXTRA! UNARY.
■•'.',, GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. V.. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary st.,
between Powell and Mason, Her success as a
medium hus startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human rower.
Her parlors are- thronged by anxious people
looking for Important Information, and every
reply Is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name anel for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates,- love, courtship and marriage — eviwy-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
seek ..... anil start aright. Positively
no attention aid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. tor" 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: horn with double veil and sec-
ond sigHt; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladies, TOe; gents, $1: sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
CARD reading; removed from 77 Ninth st. to
1322 Mission, bet. Ninth and Tenth; ladies
10c, gentlemem 25c.
MISS ALICE FAURE, card rea.ler and palmist.
405 Kearny st. ; room 31 ; French and German
spoken.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 10S3 Mission
st., downstairs.
YOUR future told ley a responsible card reader;
ladies 10c, gents SOc. 851 Folsom St., nr. sth.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets 38 Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
ARRIVED--MISS ! BESSIE i WALLACE, clair-
• -voy-iut and 'palmist. '-32il EUls. parlors 3 and 4.
MRS. L. EHRHORN. 3523 Nineteenth St., near
Valencia, clairvoyant and medium; ladles 25c.
YOUR fortune told by cards; 25c up; no sign,
S27_ Post st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card readert
past, present and future: 25c. 153t_ sth, r. 21.
MME. MOREAU. the~best fortune teller; 25c
up; tests free. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and mag-
netist. 20? Powell st., rooms 5 and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis st., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny St., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. -.EST. 1150 Mission st.; clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25 -.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
bind'= picture. 2,' c: ladles. 311 O'Farrell st.
e_— ——————— —————————— — — — — c— — cc— — — — — ■ — —^— ■
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count Et?~Ger-
malne. 3358 Twenty-first st.. above Valencia;
tel. White 1571; reading by mail. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR. I
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
St.; 15 years' experience: references given. •
,'; HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons,, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
$27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale .cap: fine saddle pony; suitable for
boy or- girl 318 Twenty-ninth st.
WAGONS AM) CARRIAGES.
BLACK horse and family carriage, complete
rig, for sale cheap. Address GRAY, 915 Call
building.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
2 BLACK cocker spaniels; also 2 setter and
pointer dog.-; mother thoroughbred pointer,
father thoroughbred Irish setter; all 6 months
old; will-make fine hunting dogs; cold cheap.
Apply Monday at 608 Post st.
CAMERAS, etc.; a complete line which were
used as drummer's samples at prices that will
astonish you: these -..Is are new. W. A.
HARTTER, photo supplies, 513 Examiner big.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. noonan, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almost new: latest, type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.: sold separately or together. Apply
box 447. Petaluma, Cal.
BARGAIN— 3 H. P. Golden Gate gas engine,
almost new. See EPSTEIN, 64* Mission st.
AN 18-caral gold Howard watch worth $100 for
567 at UNCLE HARRIS', 16 Grant aye.
ONE 15 H. P. gasoline engine In fine condition;
cheap. H. .S. WHITE., 614-516-518 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines,-' second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE, 133 Heal- st.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1C63 Mission St.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near loth.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent slip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 st.
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 2, $125;
3. $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO., 627 Mission St.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ATTORNEYS Al' LAW. ■~~
ADVICE free; It. W. King, attorney at law;
fth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
, charges: estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all 'cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; privte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at 1aw, '650 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
,W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at.
- . :■ '■■■'■■■'- -;.-*■ ■■
THE SAN THAN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1458 — Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent, $21.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
JESSIE, SIBH, off Ninth—Stable; 4 rooms, attic;
reasonable to right party.
LOMBARD, 1010— Old-fashioned house, 5 rooms;
chi»ken and pigeon house: 50- vara lot; better
than Mill Valley to those that require pure
air and sunshine; rent $13.
OUR rent department goes to your home: get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould, 131 Montgomery.
SUNN- house, 6 rooms; bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye., between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
2 FRONT rooms, 2. closets; rents $5. 2S2_
Natoma St., near Fourth.
7 ROOMS, $25; 10 rooms, $06; baths, laundries,
gardens, in thorough repair; in Mission warm
belt. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., oft*
Twelfth st.
12-ROOM house In Western Addition, furnished
or unfurnished, reasonable: furnished flats
and houses for rent in Alameda. Oakland and
Berkeley. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market st.
$30 1915' Golden Gate aye.; S rooms and bath;
modern.
. FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large Bunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
• Apply on premises, 685 Guerrero st.
NICELY furnished house, 7 rooms, all full;
rent reasonable. 323 Taylor st.
TO let— Furnished house of 6 rooms and bath;
sunny corner. Apply GEO. W. 11. PATTER-
SON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
COTTAGES £TO _ LET.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms; 16 Byington aye. Apply
1621 Farrell st. '
— - ________--___—____.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 2 ELEGANT new flats, 7 and 8. rooms, Just
completed; rent reasonable. 377 Post st.
COLE, -Modern sunny flat of 6 rooms and
bath; cheap.
FLAT, 3 rooms, large sunny yard. 61 Pleasant,
bet. Taylor and Jones, near Clay.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath; modern Improve-
ments; rent $22. 1307' Eddy st.
FULTON. 842— Sunny 6 rooms and bath; rent,
$25. ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgom-
ery st.
GEARY. 2257— 6-room flat; complete for house-
keeping; piano, etc.; reasonable: call from
12 to 6.
GROVE, 42, nr. Larkin and City Hall— Nice
upper Sat; 6 rooms and bath; $22 50.
GROVE, 1609— Nicely furnished 3-room flat;
piano.
HARRIET, 253, near Sixth and Fulsom— 3 sunny
ms; upstairs; $8.
HOWARD, Kg, near Fourth— Sunny 5 rooms
and bath; rent, $21. ASHTON & GARDINER.
LOVELY sunny upper flat of 7 rooms; bath.
411 Lye-en st , near Park; very cheap.
MCALLISTER, 1721— Modern 7 rooms and bath;
man closets; rent $25. ASHTON & GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. ■ -
PAINTER and paper hanger and good house
carpenter with family can get flat and take
most of rent in work. Box 555. Call.
PLEASANT modern flat, 6 rooms, bath; rea-
sonable rent. 735 A Ellis st.
TWO sunny flats; bath; 4 rooms each; 1 fur-
nished; $17 and $14; couples, no children. 811
Leavenworth st.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073, near Castro— Upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
697 Noe st., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms- $17.
VERY desirable 5-room sunny flat; practically
new; bath, basement, etc.; every modern
convenience; corner of Castro and Liberty
sts., near Twentieth.
4 ROOMS, bath, laundry, $12, $14 and $15; 5
large rooms, bath, laundry, $22 50; thorough
repair: charming location; Mission warm belt.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th st.
5 ROOMS, bath and cellar. 1425 Qctavia st.
$7 60—3 sunny upper rooms; 4 closets; yard; cel-
lar. 100$ Natoma st., near Eleventh, rear.
$3— SUNNY corner, 3 rooms. 637 Bryant st.;
key at -.'"-0 Third st.
COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; 1"_ blocks from
Market st. 132 Rose aye., bet. Gough and
Oc tavla sts. -
707 Stockton: 6 r....526 1609 Turk; 6 r 17
244 Frederick; 5 r.. 25 1696 Page;- 3 r....... 15
1640 Post; 5 r 80 j 607 Hickory aye.; 6 r
642 Fell: 6 r 19 16
152S Hayes; 6 r 181 6*2 Fell: 3 r 13
720 Montgomery aye: 1 12 Erkson; 5 r.... 11
6 r $15! 525 Linden aye.. 6 r 15
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRODERICK. 1924, cor. Sacramento— 3 house-
keeping rooms, unfurnished or partly fur-
nished.
CLAY, 1723, bet. Polk and Van Ness— 3 rooms,
with bath, for housekeeping. .
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. of Eighth— l sunny
housekeeping room with laundry and bath; $7.
EDDY, 305— Large front housekeeping room;
also single room; private family; reasonable.
EDDY", 743—3 or 4 nicely furnished or unfur-
nished rooms with all conveniences; cheap.
LIS, 1620, near Fillmore— Upper floor, 4 new-
ly furnished rooms and bath.
FIFTH. 332- Large sunny front bedroom and
kit. hen: grate, sink, water, bath: private: sll.
FOLSOM, Large sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
GEARY, 1506—3 or 4 large sunny rooms, non-
necting; (as range, bath and closet; re-nt $16.
GROVE, 354, 3 blocks from City Hall-3 nice
connecting rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; 2 double beds; gas and bath; private
house; $16.
FIRST, 28— 3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping, $12 mo; 2 unfurnished, $6.
HOWARD, 525— 1 or 2 rooms complete for house-
keeping, $6 and $*; and others.
LARKIN, 1006, near Sutter— 3 rooms on second
floor; nicely furnished; bath; no objection to
.light housekeeping.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed,- closet; $12.
MINNA, 539— Furnished housekeeping rooms
and large kitchens; yard: single rooms.
MISSION, 317— Front room, with kitchen, com-
plete.
MISSION, 12514— sunny and convenient house-
keeping rooms; also single rooms; $5 up.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite; gas, stove, water; $10; single.
OCTAVIA. 1213, near EIl!s-2 newly furnished
rooms; sunny; bath,- gas; complete; reference.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Bay-window par-
lor; mantel: water: kitchen; gas stove; $12.
PARLOR suite, 2 roe. and kitchen, gas
range; front room for $6. 1021 Van Ness aye.
PERRY, 166—2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
PINE. 1931—2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms,
with bath and stationary wash tubs. ;
POLK. 605— Large furnished sunny front bay-
window alcove; 2 closets; small kitchen; $16.
• PROSPECT pi., 138, off California, bet. Powell
and Stockton— Room and kitchen; Just reno-
vated; $9 to $10; private; German.
POWELL, Unfurnished or furnished house-
keeping rooms. ,
SEVENTH, 191— Sunny bay-window; also other
rooms for 'housekeeping from $6 up.
SIXTH, 420— Front housekeeping suite, $10; par-
lor suite, $12; suitable for 2 gentlemen. >
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
STEVENSON, 413. corner of Fifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth— sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms, $12..
TURK. 309—2 large furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping.
VALENCIA. tWA. near Twentieth— Sunny front
room and kitchen; housekeeping; bath .and
use of yard $13.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nisheel parlor floor. 4 rooms: pas range.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 810 A Geary St., near Hyde— Front suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, including piano; dressing room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants; board optional; $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; . elevator;
bath ; rooms, 60c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second, between Market and Mission-
Single and double rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
A— THE WALDORF. 24 Fifth St.— New; sunny
corner: central location: elegant rooms.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
BARTLETT. Sunny front room; use of
piano; also suite of room*
1 ..-'■■
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; families and
gentlemen; tourists; elevator. "
BURNETT. 1426 . Market - (old No. 1364)—
nished rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1124— Best rooms in city; grounds; bath;
suite, $18; single rooms. $10.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Elegantly^
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 312, near Taylor— Small sunny hall bed-
room for gentleman.
ELLIS, 321— Rosedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house in the city.
ELLIS, 418— Grand. Carppt— . front
rooms; suite and .single; $1 50, to $6 week.
ELLIS, 635— Large nicely furnished sunny
room, suitable for 1 or 2 gents, $8 per month.
GEARY. Neatly furnished bay-window
front suite, also others, and bath.
GEARY, 736 (old number 710), near Leaven-
worth— 2 single rooms, $4 and $6;- with -bath.
GEARY, MA— Single room, running water. $1 25
per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant, sunny rooms, .en suite and
single; elevator; -moderate 'rates; families.
GROVE, Corner bay-window. suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784*4, ' near Fourth— Finely - fur-
nished sunny rooms;- bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week. ■■ ■ - 1 ;
HOTEL Groerenor, 319 Sutter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
tingle rooms: 'most central part city; elevator.
HOWARD, 1052— 2 nice front sunny rooms for
gentlemen, $6 a month. '
JONES, 415 Neatly furnished front suite; sta-
tionary wash stand; also single-; rent $S up.
JONES, 608 -Large nicely furnished room suit-
able for -; private.
LARKIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths— Sunny fur-
nish rooms, $4 and $5.
MARKET, 1130— Nicely furnished rooms and
offices; terms low; also housekpg; transient.
MARTHA place, 6, off Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— Large sunny room for 1. or 2, $8.
MASON, I_A— Sunny suite or more rooms, with
kitchen, suitable for doctor or dentist.
MINNA, Furnished front room to let.
MINNA. 687, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINNA. 725, bet. Sth & 9th— nice unfurn.
rms.; bay-window; front garden; big yard.
FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day, week or month.
PARNASSUS aye., 215. near Park— Room fur-
nished or unfurnished.
POST, 515— Sunny suite and single rooms; rea-
sonable.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; room per night, 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SACRAMENTO, -.-.14, near Larkin— Elegant
furnished front suite or single; sunny: appre-
ciated If seen; also 3 unfurnished in basement.
SEVENTH. 192 (Girard' House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Maiket— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
prices reasonable; transient.
SIXTH, -L-: Sunny room, suitable for 1 or 2
men or couple: housekeeping.
THIRD. 25— Sunniest rooms In San Francisco;
white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK, 643— Nice sunny room, gas, bath, $150
per week; 1 for $1 per week.
VAN NESS, 904— Sunny front hall room; also
large room on parlor floor: gas and running
water; private family; reasonable.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA, 1711, near Van Ness— Pleasant
sunny rooms; private family; references.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
T-ocm, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; excellent
board; $20 up; special rates to table boarders.
PLEASANT room, with board; brth; price $20;
lady preferred. 108^. Hayes st. j
POST. 509, near Mason— Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hour*.
POWELL, 209 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front «uite; bath; excellent board.
RESTAURANTS.
CLEMENT, "021— 512 per month; restaurant and
bar and 3 nice rooms at Sutro car house; lady
would board for rent.
LOMBARD] French dinner, 25c; 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. i:: Stockton (old No. 25), nr. O'Farrell.
PERINPS, 16 Mason st.— French dinner, 50c;
, lunch, 25c or a la carte; pri. rms. for ladies.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market. : popular prices.
CHILOIt-:. BOAHU-D.
CHILDREN boarded on ranch; near school,
postoffice and cars; not younger than S years;
from responsible parties; good care-. Address
MRS. F. W., Yountvllle, Napa County, Cal.
GOOD home and yard for children, $8. 834V4
Valencia st., near Twentieth.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
STORES „TO j L*_T.
FOR rent — Large and beautiful store: prom-
inently located, facing the Navy-yard; with
or without fixture's; with kitchen, yard, sta-
ble- and other accessories. Apply Philadelphia
House, 112 Georgia st., Vallejo, Cal.
STORE fixtures, show cases; suitable notion,
branch bakery; 4 living rooms, bath. 2548
Folsom st.
STORE for rent: suitable for tailor or shoe-
maker, nice location; partly furnished If so
desired; rent $5 per month. 419 Guerrero st. '
NEW store and 2 living rooms; good location.
2509 Folsom st., bet. Twenty-first and Twen-
ty-second.
CORNER grocery and bar; fixture-. 537 Bryant
St.; key at 400 ..Third Ft.
STORE, 22x26 feet, suitable for storage or coal
and wood shed; rent $10. 72 Jessie st.
GROCERY and bar; good location; low rent;
living rooms. Apply 336 Third st.
OIK CBS TO LET.
OFFICE, light and sunny; Emma Spreckels
building, '.'27 Market st.; rent $12 50; light,
heat. Janitor and telephone included. ASH-
TON & GARDINER, room 210.
POWELL, 223— Elegantly appointed rooms for
offices and other purposes, at very reason-
able rates: also furnished apartments.
STABLES TO LET.
TO LET— Stable of 13 stalls, with covered wa-
gon room. 325 Twelfth st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AS we are 'selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchase'! for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month.. SHERMAN. CLAY <& CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway,' Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN' UPRIGHTS.
Cranler, good condition....... $72 '
Weber, fine order 152
3 Kingsburys. used 7 months 185
Vote, mahogany case 225
Sterling, used 18 months 270-
All guaranteed 5 years; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
28, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A MAGNIFICENT high grade upright piano,
new style mahogany case, will be sacrificed
by private owner for want of use. Room 12,
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
HORNUNG'S Planes praised by all great ar-
tlsts; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister St.
RARE chance— up; must sell for best offer.
1206. Devlsadero st.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted: send =
postal to COOKE. 1081 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
A— UPRIGHTS, $ r up: installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 60 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister, si . next Hibernla Bank. '
SOHMER pianos are the . best. ' BYRON
MAUZY. .Sole Agent, 308 Post st.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy,-. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old _nd new. H.
. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain' is warning;
Mayerle'B glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting, Itching, discharging, burning,
twitching, scratching, Inflamed eyes and
failing sight; Danger Signals and Mayerle's
Self -fitting System mailed free; write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians 1071% Market St., San Francisco. '
__ MEDICAL. Z
A TREATMENT that rtstores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense, by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7' to 8
p. m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before -going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without injury to health, or money refunded.
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy st., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped Instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physician, for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023V4 Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
ladles near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restore* instantly ' all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home ln confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician In attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
homes; call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being, used;
advice free; hours 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
St.; $150. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
■ expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home ln confinement; best refs.;
1540V4 Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement:
best of care. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrappers for mailing. $1 per year.
_________________
EDUCATIOBTAJEk.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AN experienced English teacher will take a
few private pupils; particular attention given
to nervous and backward pupils and to la-
dies and gentlemen, whose -education has
. been neglected. Box 830, Call.
MERRILL-MILLER college; shorthand, typing;
individual instruction; new typewriters, book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers:
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
.est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. '.33 Market.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Posts ablest profs.
___________
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 571 J.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company, pack-
ing, advance, etc. 735 Market: tel. Black 311.
_____________
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture.
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
ana Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4, 1899.
In accordance with resolution" No. 2587
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received ln open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17, 1899. from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finish's, etc., for the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings, In strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed in
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3, 1899, copies of which can
be seen by intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No. ii
Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
derstanding that all the material mentioned
in the specifications shall be manufactured in
the State of California, and that all labor
necessary in the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary In the erection
and completion of the work mentioned in the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing in the State of California.
And it is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2) dollars "per day. .
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank In
the city and county of San Francisco in a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of their bid. and the party or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter Into a bond
In a sum equal to one-fourth 04) 0 f the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more jrood and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
Bidders will estimate and state a price on
the following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wit-
First— For all furniture, Including all metal
grill work in connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners' docks; all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelving
and vault doors; ventilators, Bertlllon sys-
tem- photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture. -' • _ , -
Second— For gas and electric combination
fixtures. . _,_'-,
Third— For water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— For electrical apparatus. switch
board and telephone system. •
. Bidders will bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will be
awarded for each class to the lowest respon-
sible bidder.
For any further Information required as to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects, Messrs
Shea & Shea.
The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former notice
in three dally newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
■ cation in the official • newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his contract.
. In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
■ prepared by the committee, and I a certified
• check on some bank in the city and county
of San Francisco In a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and made payable to the
clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
If the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and If the bidder shall fall or
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award Is made, then and
in that case the said sum shall • be collected
and paid Into the City and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect. .
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public (rood so reoulres.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH; $25 a month— s rooms, bath, base-
ment; lot 2.-1x114; concrete walks; half block
from cars; 824 Elizabeth St., near Douglass.
J. ANDERSON, USA Eleventh St., owner and
builder.
6-ROOM cottage. In good condition, ; to be re-
moved or taken down by May 1. For par-
ticulars address box 876, Call office.
$3100— RENTS $2.1: 2 Broadway bay-window
flats. Inquire 1128 Vallejo st. -■ .-'
I , - —
COUNTRY HEAL -.STATIC. ' ' :
II ACRES in Santa Cruz, with splendid im-
provements; cost $20,000, ask now $12,000: will
exchange for city property or grain and hay i
ranch same value. PHILBRICK, 809 Shot-
well st.
WE have prune and peach orchards; Santa
Clara County; $125 per acre; income proper-
ties. NAT. REAL ESTATE A'",.. -7 Grant ay.
84800— BARGAIN ; 160 acres rich farm land: well
Improved; all fenced; plenty good water; 5
miles northwest from Llvern For parti-
culars address RASMUS BJORN, Livermore.
Alameda County, Cal
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts: 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 202 California St.. S. F.
$5 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR EXCHANGE— Fine list of Alameda,
Berkeley. Oakland houses and lots to ex-
change for city property. City lots to ex-
change for a business property.
7SO acres, 39 acres, 20 acres, 80 acres, in
Santa Clara County; 259 acres, 52 acres, 67
acres, 156 acres, Sonoma and Sola 1 for sale
and exchange; come and see my list of ex-
changes. EITEL & CO.. 1016 Market St.
FOR SALE CHEAP~OR PART EXCHANGE.
7-rooi: modern home; Alameda $3Wn
9-room Mission property: rented 3600
Business office; value In stock 500
80-acre ranch, near county seat 1500
Apply to OWNER, 126 Davis st., room 131.
44- ROOM rooming house; vacant lots $4000
Sl-room lodging house; house and lot — 1500
56-room lodging house; city property 4500
20 acres In Placer County: anything 500
4 flats In the city for large lot 5000
H. C. DECKER," 1020 Market St. and 18 Eddy.
320-ACRE farm In Nebraska, $3200: clear; rent-
ed for 18S9; for any good California property.
.J. H. EPSON. 1"..' Broadway. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— to 10 acres improved land suitable
for a chicken ranch; not over 50 miles from
San Francisco. Box 891, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.-
ANY" amount on furniture, pianos, without re- ,
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will lee waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg, 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. '.
ANY amount at 6'_ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
. bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
•pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
IF- your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. ■ LICK, 110 McAllister st.
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger, 3l2 Examiner big.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel; Main 394. GEO. WALCi >M. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 210 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard; teL Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
- Gate aye.: tei. East 126.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2000— COLONIAL , cottage, new, of 5 rooms,
with lot 52x147 feet: right on Telegraph aye.;
very desirable place in every way. '
$4500— Fine home of 9 rooms; close to Broad-
way, In the choicest locality; lot 33 1-3xloo
feet; a chance to get a big bargain, HUGH
M. CAMERON, 1058 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR RENT IN OAKLAND.
Four acres of fine ground and large two-story
- house of eight rooms; large stable; choicest
part of Claremont; rent reasonable to right
parties; over one acre in fine fruit trees;
berries, pasture, etc.; just the place for fam-
ily wanting a summer home in the city. '
.lAS. S. NAISMITH, 484 Ninth st.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR RANCH.
Fine large property near business center of
Oakland to exchange for ranch within 50
miles of Oakland. Address box 1410, Call of-
fice, Oakland.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern Improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walk- $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th st„ nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland.
--ROOM cottage; barn; easy terms. 1765
Union st., Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
HOUSEKEEPING.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping, or rooms
and board: beautiful garden; fresh milk. 1734
Delaware St., Berkeley. ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR. SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, Hth and Franklin,- Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1000— Lot 60x125: house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200—75x150; cottage, 5 rooms; Central aye.
$3500— Elegant house, 8 rooms; large lot;
Grand, st., near San Antonio aye.
$3500 — 50x160; new 8-room house; Morton street
station.
Choice lot on Chestnut st., near San Jose
aye., $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; splendid 7-room cottage; at.
Morton street station.
The above are In best locations and can be
bought on terms to suit: convenient to trains
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office, 30 Montgomery st.
JUST A FEW LEFT RUT
ROOM FOR MANY MORE.
- 4, 5, 6, 7-room cottages, near schools and
stations; from $1000 to $3500; easy Installments;
just like paying rent; make an offer.
Houses built on easy terms; no reason for
not having a home.
MAE' 'USE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market
st., San Francisco. Open Sundays and holi-
days.
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
AJ.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD,
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds: private. MRS. FQNKE. 1416 Bth st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. i
HOUSE 2 flats, containing 11 rooms; 4 minutes
to depot and university; rent $23; price $2300;
house 7 rooms, bath; lot 50x135; good location;
street work done; . $1500. FREESE & COD-
• DINGTON, East Berkeley station.
MILK ranch and business for sale; Includes 1
acre of land. 3 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, horse, wagon and harness: 85
milk customers; nets $90 -month; situated in
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN, real estate and ln-
surance agent. 2121 Stanford place. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
LARGE sunny 4-room cottage; verandah back
and front; rent $12 50. Apply MRS. WILL-
MOTT, Adeline St., 2 doors from Russell Ash-
by station, or 415 Commercial st _it_-.
■ MINES
$500 TO $1500 will buy a half Interest in one of
, the ..richest gold mining claims, in: Tuolumne
County; value In sight; niease investigate.
Address M. A.. Russ House.
QUARTZ claim; mother" lode belt; fine
showing, ' 126 Pavis, room 131.
BIRTHS— MARffIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with tie- name and residence of pers-
ons authorised to hove the same published.
BORN.
HENLEY- in this city. April 4, 1899, to the
wife of Thomas W. Henley,- a son.
MAKRIED.
GATES— PRICE— In this city. April 9, 1809. by
the Rev. C. A. Parkin, Herbert W. Gates
and Pearl E. Price, both of Santa Rosa.
di__d7
Bradley, Minnie B. Martin, George A.
Edwards, Mrs. S. G. Murray, .lames C.
Emery, Simeon S. Pascoe, William J.
Gardner, Daniel Petersen. Andrew
Gazanego, Joseph Quill. Daniel
Tlughes, Sarah J. Riordan. Kate
Heley, Christopher T. Rothschild. Henry
Kelly, Mary Smith, Mary A. j
Krabler, ' Franz A. Steinberger, Dr.C.M.
Keegan. James Troutt, Hiram J. M.
McNamara, Ann Wade, Ben L.
Zocchi, Rosa
BRADLEY— In this city, April 7, 1899, Minnie
8., beloved wife of the late Francis D. Brad-
ley, a native of Connecticut, aged 63 years.
JE-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3:2.0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 236 San Carlos avenue, between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth streets.. Interment
Laurel 11:11 Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
EDWARDS— At her home in the Santa Cruz
Mountains. April 8, 1899, Mrs. B. G. Ed-
wards, aged 71 years and 6 months.
EMERY— In Alameda. April '.>. 1899, Simeon 8.
Emery, a native of Maine, aged 65 years.
GARDNER— In the City and Crtunty Hospital.
April 9, 1899, Daniel Gardner, a native of
Maine, aged 49 years.
GAZANEGO— In West Berkeley. April 0, 1899,
Joseph, beloved son of J-lin Gazanego, a na-
tive of California, aged 9 years 11 months and
1 day.
HUGHES— In this city, April 8, 1899, Sarah
Jane, beloved wife of Patrick Hughes, and
mother of John J. and D. F. Hughes, a native
of County Longford, Ireland, aged 75 years.
fT-fTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at '9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 9 .Isabel street, Bernal Heights, be-
tween Twenty-eight and Twenty-ninth
streets, thence to St. Peter's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. '
HELEY— In this city, April 9, 1899, Christopher
T., beloved son of Christopher W. and Julia
Heley, and brother of Mrs. Jennie W. Evans.
Mrs. May Meaner and Michael H. Heley. a
native of San Francisco, aged 29 years and
5 months.
|T_?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from l_e residence
of his parents, 1011 Howard street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— this city, April 8, 1899, Mary, be-
loved wife of Patrick Kelly, a native Of
Queens County, Ireland, aged 41 years.
tT-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Mondavi, at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1314 Jessie street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at .9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KRABLER— In this city, April 8, 1899, Franz
A- beloved husband of Katie Krabler, father
of Franz W. Krabler. and father-in-law of
Mary Krabler, aged 49 years and 21 days;
(T-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from i.is late resi-
dence. 1730 Greenwich street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
KEEGAN— In this city, April 8, 1899, James,
beloved husband of Mary Keegan, an.i father
of James Keegan, a native of County West-
meath, Ireland, aged 65 years 1 month and 21
days.
E_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 43 Tehama street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the rep. -.-■•■ of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McNAMARA— In this city, April 7, 1899, Ann,
beloved wife of Patrick McNamara, and
mother of William and Edward J. McNamara
and Mrs. P. O'Donnell of Arizona, a native
of Ireland, aged f.3 years. A member of the
Third Order of St. Francis.
G_?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funrral this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1030 Hampshire- street. between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama street, near Twenty-
' fourth, -where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
- commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Sacramento. April 9, 1899, George
Alexander, beloved husband of Minnie Mar-
tin, father of Virgil E. Martin, and son of
C, S. and M. E. Martin, a native of Illinois,
aged 25 years .4 months and 10 days;
' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the residence of the parents,
842 Alice street, Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
MURRAY— this city. April 8. 1899, James C,
beloved husband of Ellen Murray, and father
of Frank J.. William E., John J. and the late
Carrie E. ' Murray, a native of Waterford,
New York, aged 55 years 1 month an.'. 19 days.
(!_?■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 'Ms late resi-
dence, 260 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PASCOE— In Georgetown. Cal., April 7. IW,
William J. Pascoe, aged 47 years.
Funeral at San Jose this day (Monday),
at 2 p. m.
PETERSEN— this city, April 3, 1899, An-
drew Petersen, cousin of Andrew Hansen, a
native of Norway, aged 43 yearn.
QUILL— this city. April 9, 1899. Daniel, be-
loved husband of Josie Quill, father of John
and James Quill, and brother of John Quill,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 38
-\ ears,
C_~Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
RIORDAN— In this city. April 8, 1899. Kate,
beloved -wife of the late Garret Riordan,
mother of John, Charles and Eugene Rior-
dan and the late Richard Riordan. and aunt
of Mrs. W. R. Pinkham Of Santa Cruz. Cal.,
a native of Ballybunion, County Kerry". Ire-
land, aged 65 years and 5 months.
i_»"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, frotn her late resi-
dence, 4159 Twenty-fifth street, near Castro,
thence to St. Paul's Churcn. Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROTHSCHiLD— In this " city, April 9. 1899,
Henry beloved husband of Rebecca Roths-
child, father of Rosie, Fred. Henry and Anita
Rothschild, and uncle of Fred Rothschild, a
native of Lohe, Hanover, Germany, aged 47
years 4 months and 13 days. A member of
Supreme Lodge, K. of 11.. Ban Francisco
Lodge N0..1, O. d. H. S., and Hannoveraner
Verein. , .
E_T Notice of funeral hereafter.
SMITH— In this city. April 8, 1899, Mary A.,
•widow of the late C. W. Smith, and mother
of Mrs. D. Sutton, Mrs. Henry Blyth and
George T. and William H. Smith, a native
of New York.
- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this- day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from IS Franklin
street. Interment Masonic Cemeter--.
O E Officers and members >->f Golden Gate
Chapter No. 1, O. E. S., are notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late sister, Mary A.
Smith, this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from
IS Franklin street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. By order of
ADA R. DUNCAN. Worthy Matron.
MAR- A. HAWLEY, Sec.
STEINBERGER— In this city. April 9, 1899, Dr.
Charles Miller Steinberger, beloved husband
of Pilar S. Steinberger. a native of Phila-
delphia. Pa., aged 69 years.
TROUTT— In this city. April 8, 1899, Hiram _.
M., beloved father of James M. Troutt. a na-
tive of Virginia, aged SO years r- months and
29 days. *■ ' _ ...
H_FFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this «day (Mon-
day), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence. . 510
Clayton street, near Haight. Interment pri-
vate.
WADE— In East Oakland, 'April 9. 1899. Ben
L beloved son of S. H. and Lavinla P.
Wade and husband of the late Dora A.
Wade, a native of -an Francisco, aged 36
years '4 months and 17 days.
ZOCCHI— In this city, April 8, 1899, Rosa,
dearly beloved wife of Denis. Zocchi, and
mother of Louis P. and George A. Zocchi, a
native of Switzerland, aged 77 years and 6
months.
(CTFriendsand acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 15 Union place, off Union street, be-
tween Dupont and Stockton, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul (Italian) Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her. soul, commencing at
leV.tfe o'clock.
HEN J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
———*—— •——*—* — — — — — _— i mini— — — _ __ b»
McAUOY _fc CO., _
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & GMBaLMGR- H
1235 Market st, between CO., I
FUNERAL DIKE-TORS - _Mh«L-EM I
IZSS Market sL, between Bth and 9-3.
Telephone. South 247. . ." j
910
EDSON AVERSE
TO ACTING AS
A CATSPAW
Will Move to Reconsider the
Railroad Commission's
Action.
Blackstock Will Make a Stand in Favor
of Abandoning the Pending Liti
gation Without Delay.
Railroad Commissioners Edson, Lau
meister and Blackstock are not in the
Fame accord with one another as they
were apparently at the last session of the
commission, and there promises tee he- a
lively session to-day. . At the last meet-
Ing there was a unanimous vote on the
resolution rescinding the resolutions of
the former board," which provided for a
2r> per. cent reduction in freight rates in
the future and for an Immediate reduc
tion of 8 per cent in grain rates on the
]i»ies of the Southern Pacific Qompany.
To "this resolution of rescission was at
tached a proviso suggested by Commis
sioner imeister that grain rates should
be reduced 8 per cent.
Blackstock was the father of the
original resolution. His idea was that the
passage of it allowed the suit of the
Southern Pacific to fall to the ground, as
it withdrew the- cause of the action.
Laumeister claims that the proviso
must be carried "in before. the resolution
of scission becomes effective and that
the Southern Pacific must dismiss its
case before any reductions can be made
by the commission.
Edson is opposed to the entire proceed
ings of the last meeting. He is not In
favor of the commission taking the initia
tive In any contemplated compromise, but
believes thai the first step should be
made by the railroad company and thai
this step should be the dismissal of the
pending suit. At the meeting to-day he
will move for a reconsideration of the
rescission resolution.
Commissioner Edson arrived from Ga
zelle and Commissioner Blackstock from
Ventura yesterday, to attend the meeting
of the board to-day. Both put up at the
Occidental Hotel, where they were inter
viewed-
"I intend to move for a reconsideration
of the resolution of rescission," said Com
missioner Edson. "I was never in favor
of It, and voted for it simply to be able
to move for a reconsideration, as I
thought we should have a better under
standing of the matter beiore taking
final action. I have some doubts of the
power of this board to rescind the action
of its predecessor. In this connection I
have submitted a number of questions to
Attorney General r-ord. One of these was
whether we had authority to rescind the
resolutions of reduction adopted by the
old board. Another was whether we had
the power to rescind the 25 per cent reso
lution without rescinding the v per cent
reduction on grain rates. I also suggested
that he secure the assistance of W. VV.
Foote and Robert Y. Hayne in the consid
eration of this great question, if he
thought it advisable, as they handled the
case in conjunction with the former At
torney General, W. F. Fitzgerald.
"I don't think we ought to compromise
with the railroad company until they
make the first move. They ought to dis
HIRSCH MEMORIAM.
Rabbi Levy Delivers an Address on
the Great Woman Philan
thropist.
Rabbi Levy held services at the Beth
Israel Synagogue last night In memoriam
of the Baroness Hirsch, the great Russian
philanthropist. The altar was decorated
in white, and the services were of great
solemnity.
The quartet rendered four selections:
"Man, His Days Are Like a Shadow,"
'(» Lord, What is Man?" "Rest. Spirit,
Rest," "Man, Art Thou Not Created From
Dust?"
"Many daughters have done well, but
thou excellest them all," was the subject
of Rabbi Levy's address. He said: "The
Baroness Hirsch is the greatest woman
of this century. She has given to charity
$25,000,000 without distinction of.creed. Her
goodnes has been showered unon all peo
ple-, upon all countries. To the poor refu
gees In New York and the working girls
of that city she has distributed over two
million of dollars. We in this city have
felt the gen.ii and ennobling effect of her
charity. She sent a check for $5000 to the
Mount Zion Hospital fund. To enumerate
nil her charitable deeds would 1111 vol
umes."
Rev. Dr. Locke on "Shams."
The subject of Rev. Dr. Locke of the
Central Methodist Church. Mission street,
was "Shams." The scriptural text for
the evening was St. Luke xii:l. On this
Dr. Locke said* "Hypocrisy is a grace
less excrescence of civilization. As truth
is at enmity to a lie, as purity shrinks
from corruption, so heaven abhors
hypocrisy.
"There are business shams. Much that
passes for shrewd financiering is noth
ing leu than highway robbery. It does
eeem that the American people like to be
humbugged if one can Judge from the
prosperity of cheap and shoddy business
houses. . '
"There are social and political shams.
Men whom the Bard of Avon describes
when he says:
Man, proud man.
Precapd in a little brief authority.
Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven
A? to make angels weep.
"Our system of government contem
plate, that there shall be good men in
politics; politicians who are statesmen;
men who. like Henry Clay, would rather
be right than President.
"I would speak also of the intellectual
-ham. The man who has intellect and
Ideas, but has not the courage of his
convictions. Galileo suffered martyrdom
and Copernicus was excommunicated for
what they believed. But. alas! that so
many despise their opportunities in not
honoring the ideas which their brilliant
minds have originated.
"But most despicable of all is the re
Two new saving stores; 735 Market St., nei- |
Call building, and.3_l.Polk St., near Bush.
open
to=day
Prices in yesterday's papers; new
prices in Wednesday's papers.
l ___i
73* Market Street jT^^^H __H_-___*^r___. »B^_i 9th & Washil, ~ ton
Tel. Larkin 324 «_, »• •
HW-nS-Hlffl 111 I■ T „"l"Ml<F__T 1 - fl - Mam i.q
berkeley: ___W_________k__L______-LJ_ll 4___________tl , „
Shattuck Aye aud jgST PHM 1 X 12,h & : 3th Aye
A'.lslou Way IB_^_il'T2_'^n_^__-L_^__B Tcl ' Red 3554
»•■*""»: I __fflt_L f» IT jf.) __8 _B_3_B ' 7th & Wood St.
miss the case against the commission and
then trust to us to do what is right in the
matter. My Idea Is not to pull other peo
ple's chestnuts out of the fire .or tnem.
The railroad company began the suit and
they should dismiss it. If we allow the
suit to go li- default we will have to pay
the costs, and I believe that the railroad
company should be made to do tnis. This
is my opinion, but I have also asked the
Attorney General to look Into the ques
tion of costs. He will appear before the
commission to-morrow, when all these
questions will be discussed and probably
settled."
Commissioner Blackstock stood firmly
by his resolution and his interpretation
of it. "I understand that the resolution
of the former board was absolutely re
scinded at our last meeting," ho said.
"The- proviso of Mr. Laumeister was sim
ply a condition subsequent, or one to be
performed after the main resolution had
become effective. In my opinion our
action in withdrawing the cause of the
pending litigation will not saddle the
costs of that suit on us, but they will fall
on the railroad company. I am in favor
of getting down to business at the earli
est time-, and think grain rates should be
reduced on every railroad in the State.
The 8 per cent reduction should not be
horizontal, but should be applied where
It is most needed, even if the reductions
in some sections should be double 8 per
cent. ;'„••_
"I have no fear of the commission be
ing in contempt by its action in announc
ing the proposed reduction of 8 per cent
on grain rates, while the temporary in
junction of the Circuit Court is still in
force. We will not be in contempt until
our reduced schedule of rates is served
on the railroad company, and that will
not be for some weeks. 1 don't think we
will have any trouble with the railroad
company in putting in the proposed re
ductions. We have nee understanding
with the company, but I base my views
em the fact that a compromise on the
basis we propose was made to Mr. La
Rue by Mills. I have also learned from
Mr. La Rue that he was strongly, in" favor
of such a settlement of the controversy.
I believe in doing business right out, and
not in beating the devil about the stump."
HUNTINGTON IS ILL.
The Aged Railroad Magnate Confined
to His Home by a Cold.
C. P. Huntington, president of the
Southern Pacific Company, was confined
to his home by Illness all day yesterday.
He had been Buffering from a cold on
Saturday and was given a prescription by
Dr. M. Gardner, his regular physician.
Yesterday the cold took a turn for the
worse, and owing to the absence of Dr.
Gardner from the city another physician
was called in.
It was stated at the house of the aged
and ill millionaire last night that the cold
had affected his kidneys and that he had
to take to his bed. It is believed that
there Is no serious danger, except what
may be caused by the advanced age of
the patient.
! ligious sham. 'Beware of the leaven of
the Pharisees which is hypocrisy.' Many
; so-called pillars of the church are nothing
i but hollow logs. Many of these shams
are leading double lives. 'Ye cannot
j serve God and mammon' are our Lord's
I own words. Some of these are ludicrous
ly defending their corrupt practices by
! giving the excuse of the disgraced Ken
tucky Congressman who said that he was
see-king in his pretended character of a
J Christian to neutralize the evil influences
which resulted from his sinful indulg
ences. Alas, how many of those who are
saying 'Lord! Lord!' and are not doing
. the will of the Father in heaven will hear
i at the judgment 'I never knew you; de
: part from me. ye that work iniquity."
"The persistent demand i_ for men of
absolute sincerity, S-iicere men «ho are
as bold as lions, as gallant as courtiers,
as valorous as knights, as meek as
Moses, as pure as a vestal, as noble as
princes, as amiable as John and as holy
j as Stephen. Let the sign 'Wanted—
cere men!' be hung up in school and in
i church, in the forum and in the marts of
I trade— everywhere! The peremptory need
! is for men. The manliness of Christ Is
the true type. Let us imitate and honor
the Nazarene."
Olympic Club Tryout.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen held a five
mile tryout on the road between Hay
wards and San Leandro yesterday after
noon. The men started two minutes apart
and finished with the following times:
H. S. Bailey. 12:55 1-5; T. H. White.
12:57 2-5; George Kroetz, 13:15; R. A. Hen
derson, 13:33; Ed McNess, 13:33 3-5; Ed
Adams, 14:00 4-5; H. V. Smith, 14:06 2-5.
T. F. Meherin and T. G, Spillane acted
as starters, and John Elliott and E. G.
Montealegre as finish timers. William
Maekie, Ed Goeller and D. MacLeod were
scorers. The road was In fair condition,
but there was a stiff breeze blowing.
Accident to Mrs. James Otis.
Mrs. James Otis, while walking down
the steep hill on Taylor street from Pine
to Bush, yesterday afternoon slipped and
fell to the sidewalk and sustained a com
pound fracture of the ankle. A carriage
was immediately summoned and Mrs.
Otis was taken to her apartments at the
Occidental Hotel. Drs. Brig-ham and
Soule are in attendance upon her, and
while they apprehend no serious results
their patient will be confined to her room
for some time. Mrs. Otis is the widow
of James Otis, who was Mayor of this
city some time in the seventies.
1 Daughters of Liberty.
Martha Washington Council, Daughters
1 of Liberty, celebrated its fourth an
: niversary recently by a snowball party
; in the Shisls building. There was, in ad
i dition to the dance, a well-arranged short
programme of entertaining numbers, and
the event was one of the most pleasant
1 in the history of the council.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 10, 1899.
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA'S
NEW PRESIDENT
Likely to Be Benjamin
Ide Wheeler.
RUMOR GIVES HIM THE POST
:A ? •
THE CORNELL PROFESSOR MAY
SUCCEED KELLOGG.
He Refuses to Deny That He Has
Been Offered the Place, But Says '
He May Have • Something
to Say Later.
There Is good reason to believe that the
regents of the University of California
have practicaly decided- upon the man
who is to succeed President Kellogg- at the
head of the big State educational institu
tion at Berkeley. It is more th.-vn hinted
that the new president will be. Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, professor of Greek and com
parative philology at Cornell University.
Professor Wheeler's name has been
i more or less prominently mentioned in
I connection with tin- position for some time
i past, and since his recent visit to Cali
fornia, when he lectured at the university,
the feeling that he would be selected to
take Kellogg- place has been growing
Steadily both here and at Ithaca, N. Y.
j In fact, a dispatch received from the lat
ter city last night says it is persistently
rumored at Cornell that the professor has
already been invited to accept the presi
dency at Berkeley and will in all proba
bility do so, and this rumor is given more
credence in view of the fact that the pro
fessor will not deny the report, but con-
I tents himself with saying he can neither
I deny nor affirm it, suggesting, however,
I that he may have something to say on
the subject in the course of a couple of
weeks.
Should Professor Wheeler be installed
as president of the State University the
Regents will have cause to congratulate
Prof. Benjamin I. Wheeler.
themselves upon securing a scholar and
educator who stands in the first rank and
one who' will be a credit to the institu
tion and to the Slate.
NEW LIBRARIAN
FOR BOHEMIA
miss ma D. coolbrith:
X Tl IT ISS INA D. COOLBRITH,.who for over a year has been the librarian of ♦
♦ \\\ the Mercantile Library, has found another quiet field of labor among _?
25 IVI l,ookd - She has resigned her position and accepted the librarianshlp of d_
♦ -*- 1J - the Bohemian Club. It is understood that she will not make the change '4
SS for a few weeks, and until the president, George H. Newhall, returns from §J?
♦ Japan. a
8? • Miss Coolbrith was for many years librarian of the Oakland Public Li- «
♦ brary, and was elected librarian of the Mercantile January 10 of last year. ♦
88 She proved an efficient and popular librarian and took much pride in her _•
'4 charge and a keen interest in the efforts to restore the prosperity of the in- _?
o» stitution. ' ♦
*° But some private circumstances made her position less desirable from an- •*
J other point of view. Her home is in Oakland and her library hours were ♦
S3 long. Every other evening she was kept at her post until 10 o'clock. She had little °*
♦ time for study and literary work, and time for literttrv work she wanted a
S3 Such circumstances led her to resign $100, a month and accent an offer to _•
■ ♦ take charge of the library of the Bohemian Club, where short-day hours and *
S3 no evening service will bo required. Her resignation was sent in several »
♦ days ago, but she will not go until it is convenient to fill her place BeveriU *
** , J? 7 *™ will succeed her Is not known. The only name so far mentioned is _* '
♦,- L. B. Wetherbee, who for so many years has been the able assistant librarian. 4 j
■♦j-+__*2_+-2+_2+- ss^SS^.*^-_.^-si^Sg^sS^ ii+&+*2+li+Z2+!i+ £^+3+_2+_S«_S«-_| :
LAST HONORS
GIVEN TO A
FALLEN HERO
Obsequies of Major
McConnville.
IMPRESSIVE AND SOLEMN
COLORED TROOPS. NOW IN
CHARGE AT PRESIDIO.
Twenty-Fourth Infantry Takes Pos
session of the Famous Grounds
and Will Hereafter Com
pose the Garrison.
All the splendor and solemnity of a
military x funeral was yesterday afternoon
MAJOR McCONVILLE.
accorded Major Edward McConnville,
Who fell while leading the Second Idaho
Battalion at Manila February 5. Troops
B and M of the Fourth Cavalry and a
mounted band composed part of the mil
itary escort to the ferry, and a uniformed
representation of the Knights of Pythias
was also in the line of march. At Pythian
Castle Impressive funeral services were
held. McConnville was a member of
Excelsior Lodge No. 27, K. of P.; colonel
of Uniform Rank No. 4, K. of P., and a
member of Lewiston Commandery No. 2,
Knights Templar: also a member of the
Rose Croix Chapter. All of these orders
he joined at Lewiston, Idaho.
The procession came down Market
street after the- ceremonies were conclud
ed, and the body was shipped to Idaho on
the evening train. Accompanying it
were Mrs. McConnville. Harry McConh
ville, a son, who was with the deceased
on the line- of battle, and Mr. Arrant, a
brother-in-law. I
The remains arrived in San Francisco
on the Scandla last Friday.
This morning the Twenty-fourth In
fantry (colored) will take possession of
the Presidio. The regiment has been
there long enough to get settled in its
new quarters: its commanding officer has
been assigned to the command of the
post, and its regimental staff has been
taking hold of the various departments
until everything is ready to relieve the
cavalry from the post duties to which it
has attended for so long.
Colonel Freeman r.f the Twenty-fourth
took command of the post on Saturday.
His adjutant. Lieutenant Leach, will a*
sume the duties of that position during
the coming week. This morning the guard
will be composed of men of the Twenty
fourth, and then the only other men on
duty will lee the mounted cavalry patrol,
that lias always been kept along the bor
ders of the reservation. ■ ':■■■
MUSHROOMS
MAY HAVE KILLED
MRS. McNALLY
Wife of an Attorney
Succumbs.
AN AUTOPSY WILL BE HELD
LINGERED A WEEK AFTER THE
MEAL WAS TAKEN.
Relatives Suspect That Poison From
a Previous Illness Became Active
in the Blood and Caused
.!,;. Death.
The wife of Frank H. McNally, an at
torney residing at 723 Gough street, died
yesterday under circumstances that indi
cate she was a victim of poison introduced
into her system through the agency of
mushrooms. The matter was reported to
Coroner Hill, under whose instructions
Dr. Zabala will hold an autopsy this
morning. Mrs. McNally was 34 years of
age and was the mother of two children.
She was formerly a Miss Schaefer of
Marysville. :• 'L :
The Coroner was informed that the
mushrooms to which the death of Mrs.
McNally may have been traceable were
eaten a week ago yesterday at the Nevada
restaurant on Geary street. The husband
and wife took dinner there that evening,
and among other things Mrs. McNally
partook of the fungi. No evil effects were
felt from them during that night or the
next day, and it was not until Tuesday
evening last that Mrs. McNally com
plained of being ill, not sufficiently so,
however, to necessitate a call for a phy
sician. She suffered considerably Tues
day night and "Wednesday morning, but
no suspicion was entertained that poison
was undermining her life.
Mrs. McNally continued to grow worse
as the week wore on until Saturday night
her condition was alarming. 'It was
then thought that she had a return of
peritonitis, which nearly caused her death
a year before. On this belief application
was made to a druggist in the neighbor
hood, who gave a prescription intended to
relieve her pain. She took the medicine,
but it did not have the desired effect, and
it was decided finally to call in a physi
cian.
Dr. J. H. Barbat was summoned at mid
night Saturday and prescribed for the sick
woman. He made a second call yesterday
morning at 5 o'clock and found his patient
dead, after having suffered great agony.
He notified the Coroner of the circum
stances, but that official, at the request
ol the relatives, allowed the body to re
main at the home.
The lapse of time from the partaking
of the mushrooms till the first symptom of
illness and the.- gradual sinking from
then on until death a week later makes
the case appear a strange one at first
glance, yet it is state. that such cases
are not absolutely unknown. The rela
tives of Mrs. McNally do not believe
that her deatu was caused in that man
ner. They believe that if any toxic
agent was at work it was one that had
lain dormant in the blood for more than
a year, when Mrs. McNally suffered from
peritonitis. "While Coroner Hill seems
inclined to think the same way, he says
that it might have been possible for Mrs.
McNally to have eaten the mushrooms
last Sunday, as stated, and not suffer
from them other than she did.
Muscarin, a narcotic alkaloid, is the
active principle of poisonous fungi. The
symptoms of Its presence are usually felt
within a few hours after the mushrooms
are eaten, but may not show themselves
for a considerable time. When the poison
does manifest its presence, however, it
is with considerable violence—
vomiting and a violent colic. Great
mental excitement is noticeable in the
sufferer, almost invariably followed by
coma. It is generally believed by medical
men that until the poison gets into the
circulation no great harm can be done.
Once in the blood, however, death in
variably ensues. -
Whether or not Mrs. McNally died as
a result of muscarin poison, the state
ment that she ate the mushrooms con
taining it at the Nevada restaurant last
Sunday is denied by the proprietor, N. P.
Doupv. He says that mushrooms were not
on the bill of fare at any time last Sun
day. _
OLD VETERANS AT VALLEJO
Enjoyable Reception Tendered Sol
Cahen Saturday Night.
Last Saturday evening a delightful re
ception was tendered to Sol Cahen, de
partment commander of the G. A. R. at
Vallejo, by the ladles of Farragut Relief
Corps No. 30, Hartford Circle No. 23 and
the veterans of Farragut Post No. 4, G.
A. R. The reception w;as held In Samo
set Hall, which was profusely decorated
In national colors and garlanded with
fragrant flowers. A fine literary and mu
sical programme had been arranged, and
at 8 o'clock the hall was packed.
Commander J. A. Andres introduced
Cahen, who made an eloquent address,
touching upon the lofty patriotism in
spired by the Grand Army and the lessons
to be learned by its existence. He was
followed by Comrade Simpson, after
which Judge A. J. Buckles of Solano
County paid a high tribute to the Vallejo
post. Dr. Plymlre made the next ad
dress. The reception closed with the ren
dition of the musical programme.
At the Veterans' Home in Yountvllle a
programme for the enjoyment of the old
soldiers there was rendered on the same
evening.
HE IS TIRED OF LIFE.
W. H. Roberts Tried the Morphine
Route, but Was Not Successful.
W. H. Roberts, a wood molder em
ployed by C. F. Shaw, 2135 Fillmore street,
swallowed a dose of morphine in a rear
room in the Globe saloon, 30 Turk street,
yesterday afternoon. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where the usual
remedies were administered and Roberts
was pronounced out of danger. He had
left the following note addressed to the
bartender in the saloon:
Dear Fred: Good by. I have some clean
clothes down at J. Brown's room at the Royal
lodging house, on Fourth street, room 22.
Please see that I have them on. Speak a pood
word for me to Emma, at 110 Taylor street.
Let the boys know all. They are in Bakers
fleld. Send word to my little girl and wife,
room 37, 606 Montgomery street. Good by.
DAD.
I am sad at heart, but I can't do as I would
like to do. • If I had a $20 piece It would save
my life this morning, but I have not got It,
bo good by. . DAD.
Roberts said he wanted a good long
sleep, as he was tired of life. He had
been divorced from his wife and had
nothing to live for.
San Mateo Line Improvements.
The San Francisco and San Mateo elec
tric line has completed its double track
as far as the Fairmount School, and the
service yesterday, with the new time
schedule, was excellent. Notwithstanding
the cold and disagreeable weather, there
was a large attendance at Glen Park, and
for about three hours in the afternoon
the car% were taxed to their utmost ca
pacity handling passengers. At Glen Park
the programme consisted of a concert by
the Tivoli Opera House orchestra and a
vaudeville bill of aerial gymnastics, com
edy sketches, musical numbers and tight
rope performances.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
A Boy and a Rifle.
Julius Marks, aged 14, living at 449 Jes
sie street, was treated at the Receiving
Hospital for a gunshot wound in the
right foot yesterday afternoon. Marks
accompanied by some young friends'
went out hunting with a parlor rifle Near
Ingleside he accidentally discharged the
weapon and a bullet lodged in his right
foot. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS. __
LADIES' UNDERWEAR
DEPARTMENT.
A CHOICE AND COMPLETE STOCK.
LADIES' WASHABLE SHIRT WAISTS,- in Percales, Cheviots,
Lawns, Madras and Tissues,
50c to $3 Each.
LADIES' SILK SHIRT WAISTS, very latest shapes, all the new
colorings, also Blacks,
$6 to $15 Each.
LADIES' TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, all the new colorings, also
Black, with ruffled and pleated flounces,
$3.50 to $25 Each,
LADIES' SILK MOREEN SKIRTS, in Stripes and Rainbow
Effects, also Blacks and all the new colorings, both ruffled,
corded and with Spanish flounces,
$4.50 to $7.50 Each.
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED ENGLISH WOOL MOREEN
SKIRTS, in an elegant variety,
$2 10 $5 Each.
LADIES' WASHABLE SKIRTS, new styles, in Crashes, Ducks,
Cheviots and Striped Sateens,
75c to $3 Each.
We have also received five cases LADIES' MUSLIN UNDER-
WEAR, all the latest styles, with lace and embroidery trim-
ming, which we will offer at very reasonable prices; and wo
carry a most complete stock of all the standard makes of Cor-
sets, both foreign and domestic manufacture.
Tpq&nntfuz
1893, C_£_f^r
111. 113. 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
GDIBBE-Rg
BQWEN
& CO '
Franco-American soups always
make friends V pints— pints-quarts
Vartray ginger ale is American
made — not expensive — very good
Bee brand Ceylon tea is picked
fresh every month — 50c 60c Boc
$1 ib
Salad time now— of course you
want Sierra Madre olive oil
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— regularly 50c lb _}OC
Ten flavors — gifts or chromos but
value for your money
Gin— Booth's Old Tom 90C
Orange bitters— Field's 90c
regularly $i bottle
Cocoanut— 22^2-
-regularly 30c pound
Schepp's has the flavor of the fresh fruit
Vichy water— Ceiestines $2.75
regularly $2.90 dozen quarts
France is proud of Vichy water
Macaroni— J^^awrtta _ 2 %c
regularly 15c lb
made of the hardest flintiest wheat of
Russia— doesn't get mushy j
macaroni-vermicelli -spaguetti - paste
Laundry SOap-Home 7 cakes 2£C
100 cakes in box $3.50
Well seasoned— very good
MuStard-French 1 ir-
regularly 20c bottle
There is as much difference' between
French mustards as between English
and American
Orange marmalade- £„_-__ 20c
regularly 25c jar
. Made from Seville oranges
Pepper grinders-reg'iy 40C 2^c
Buy whole pepper and grind it on
your table to be sure it is fresh
Royans (sardines) i-
regularly 20c tin— a relish
Pineapple— whole 20c
regularly 25c tin— three pounds
Vaseline Cold Cream ioc
regularly 15c jar— Colgate's
Extracts— VioUff* (Paris) 80c .
regularly .$1 bottle— French . perfumes
Hecker's Farina— for puddings lOC
Wheatena-for breakfast pkge 30C
April catalogue revised— free for a postal
Mail orders have prompt attention — we
ship everywhere
432 Pine -15 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
RADKE & CO,,
118 Sutter Street,
ARE SHOWINGS
Silver Match Safes - - $1, $1.50, $2
Silver Pocket Knives - $1, $1.50, $2
Silver- Mounted Pipes - - - $1, $2
Silver Souvenir Spoons, 75c, $1, $1.25
MAIL ORDERS A SPECIAL FEATURE.
• NEW DIRECT CONSIGNMENT
Just Taken Out of the Custom House ln San
*-".■/. Francisco.
se 1 diipo
To Be Sold at AUCTION,
Commencing THURSDAY. April 13,
At 10:30 a, m. and 2:30 p. m.
125 GEARY ST.
We receive- imperative instructions to Bell
out this unsurpassed collection without reserve.
Do not fail to attend. Goods on view Wednes-
day.
TURKISH RUO CO.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
Ninety-Nine Times
In a hundred
Eye-Glasses
Are not comfortable because they pinch, or
slip or tilt. Our new clip don't. Can be at-
tached to any old one for 50 cents; cost noth-
ing on a new one.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on pramlses. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
V T '
OPTICIANS^ VAPf^ PARA
_. 1 -cW ,0 r Scientific
642 Market ot:. instrument-
lIIWIR CMO.tlC.t flUUOee*!.
0000000000000000
- T «-« PALACE A "°
%GRAND -hotblso
jj, . SAN FRANCISCO. J?
Connected by a covered passageway. "
** 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. O
O All Under One Management. O
O . NOTE THE PRICES: O
. O European Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward Q
O American PIan.JJU.OO per day and upward A
Correspondence Solicited. — '
0 JOSS 0. _-__PATRIC_, Mtaagtr. * O
000000000000000000
lA/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, .21 California St.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
The Weekly Call.
oi It Publishes the Cream of th»
l) News of the Week and
0? MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORiGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
01 PAPER ON THB
-l) PACIFIC COAST
~J The Best \ / Mining
°j Telegraphic \^r News That •
°\ 'Service on /\ Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \& up to date
* —
ol Not a Line of it Sensational
o) or Faky, and Not a Line ol
it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright, Clean. I A Champion et
1 Thoughtful. Truth.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Yew