VOLUME LXXXY-XO. 110.
WHEATON PURSUES AND
PUNISHES THE FILIPINOS,
KILLING TWO HUNDRED
MANILA. March 19, 6:20 p. m.—
Some of the rebels recently ex
pelled from Cavite and the
small towns in the vicinity of
Pasig combined forces and last
night attacked a company of the Wash
ington Volunteers about a mile and
a half southeast erf Pasig. General
Wheaton immediately reinforced the
Americans with two companies each of
the Washington and Oregon regiments.
The post had held the enemy in check
and the fire of the reinforcing compa
nies repulsed them, driving them across
to an island formed by the estuary.
They were thus in front of the Twenty
second regulars. j
Oa discovering that they wece en
trapped the rebels fought desperately,
aided materially by the jungle and the
darkness, but they were completely
routed, with heavy loss, after two
hours' fighting. The Americans lost two
killed and twenty wounded, among the
latter Lieutenant Frank Jones.
General Wheaton determined to pun
ish the natives and at daybreak to-day
his brigade started in the following or
der: The Sixth Artillery, holding the
extreme right; the Oregon Volunteers,
holding the center; the Washington
Regiment keeping to the edge of the
lake and the Twenty-second regulars
occupying the right of the line, which
swept the whole country along the lake
In a southeasterly direction, toward
General Ovenshine's position. The line
thus extended over two miles of coun
try, rough and covered with thick jun
gle, advanced eleven miles. The enemy
fled, the last of them being seen about
8:30 o'clock this afternoon. At scarcely
any time did the Americans get within
1200 yards of them.
The troops are returning to Pasig to
night, exhausted by the hard work un
der a hot sun. The Oregon Regiment
had one man killed and four wounded
and the Twenty-second regulars one
.wounded. According to the official re
ports no fewer than 200 Filipinos were
killed.
General Otis says the American army
and gunboats now command the lake.
He estimates that property of the in
surgents valued at $500,000 has been de
stroyed, while quantities of rice and
sugar and 400 tons of coal, which is
very valuable here, has been captured.
Many prisoners represent that the |
Filipino soldiers are weakening. The j
generous treatment that the Americans .
administer to the native prisoners and ;
wounded seemed to influence the in- i
eurgent army powerfully. In the opin
ion of the Americans, however, the
Filipino leaders will continue to pro
voke fighting just as long as they can
retain their hold upon their followers, j
because they have everything to gain j
and nothing to lose.
The enemy has twice as many men
on its firing line as it has arms,
and the fact that so few arms are cap
CASUALTIES IN
LATEST FIGHTING
KILLED.
Private Johnston, Company X,
Twenty-second Regular Infan
try.
Private James Page, Company
D, Second Oregon Volunteers.
Private J- Smith, Company E,
Twenty-second Regular Infan
try.
WOUNDED.
end Oregon Volunteers-
Privates Young (1), Clark, Young
(2) and Fred Bowne.
First Washington Volunteers —
Captain Jones, Corporal R. Buck
lin, Privates August Schmidt,
Robert Rice, Charles Parmer,
James Comeforde, Raleigh White,
Nelson Alvldson, William Ellis,
Frank Yunt, Leander Mingee,
Edward Wilson, George Schnei
der, Earl Edwards, Frank Rue
*er, Carl Crumpholz and Merritt
Porter. .' •"".
The San Francisco Call.
UNLOADING GOVERNMENT STORES AT CAVITE.
From a photograph taken for The CalL
OTIS REPORTS ON
WHEATON'S WORK
WASHINGTON, March 19. — The War Department to-day received
the following dispatch from General Otis regarding operations
against the insurgents:
"MANILA, March 19.— T0 Adjutant General, Washington: Our
Improvised gunboats under Captain Grant, Utah Artillery, have full
possession of Laguna de Bai; troops, Inhabitants and property on
shore of lake at our mercy. Wheaton's brigade on Pasig River line
drove enemy northeast Into province of Morons:. Last w.-nii»g
enemy attacked portion of his force south of Pasig, killing two men
and wounding twenty of the Twenty-second Infantry. This morn
ing Wheaton . moved against this insurgent force, driving it to the
south fifteen miles, experiencing very slight loss. Enemy left 200 dead
on field. OTIS."
tured by the Americans is because of
the guns of the wounded Filipinos and
many of those who surrender are spir
ited away.
The armed tugs Laguna de Bai and
Oeste have returned to "San Pedro
Macate and reported the results of
their tour of the lake. On Friday morn
ing last they shelled the town of Mo
ringi, the rebels fleeing without making
any resistance. The Americans landed
a party, which destroyed a quantity of
stores and all the store buildings ex
cept the church. The expedition then
proceeded to Majayguy, where a sugar
mill and sawmill were destroyed.
On arriving at Santa Cruz, a town of
1200 inhabitants, it was found that the
enemy was strongly . intrenched and
prepared to defend the position, as
sisted by two gunboats and several
launches. Moreover the mouth of the
river was blocked with rocks and bam
boo. A few shells caused an exodus of
the citizens, but not of the enemy's
troops. The Americans did not at
tempt a landing. Captain Grant, who is
in charge mf the expedition, asks for re
inforcements and will probably take
Santa Cruz to-morrow.
CHARGED INSURGENTS
WITH FIXED BAYONETS
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1539, by James Cor
don Bennett.
MANILA. March 19.— recon
nolterlng expedition sent out from the
flying brigade, commanded by General
Wheaton, yesterday found Itself in an
awkward position and i was obliged to
charge the Filipinos with fixed bayo
nets. This dramatic incident changed
the situation.
One company of Washington volun
teers was stationed at Taguig. At 1
o'clock in the afternoon a regiment of
insurgents marched into the town in
columns of four. The company of
Washington volunteers opened fire on
them, and, at. the unexpected attack,
the insurgents scattered, 300 retreating
along the shore and 500 inland.
Three companies of the Twenty-sec
ond Infantry were sent out to recon
nolter the insurgent position. At 6
o'clock in the afternoon these com
panies ran into an insurgent ambush.
Their ammunition soon ran low. Some
of the men only had four rounds.
They were obliged to fix bayonets and
charge the insurgents, driving them
from ambush, and thus enabling our
troops to retreat successfully. Three
men were killed and twenty-one
wounded. Two of our men were taken
prisoners. One of them, on surrender-
In^ his rifle, was knocked on the head
by insurgents. He subsequently died.
The other shot one of his captors and
made his escape,
General Wheaton determined to send
out a punitive expedition. He ad
vanced the Twenty-second regulars on
! the right wing with two guns of the
Sixth Artillery. Five companies- of
Oregon Volunteers and six companies
of the Washington regiment formed
; the left wing. They started at 5
I o'clock this morning, met the enemy
jat 8 and drove them along the. lake
j for fifteen miles. Five miles of huts— the
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
hotbed of the insurgents were burned.
One hundred tons of rice were de
stroyed.
Two of the army tinclad gunboats
scoured the lake and took Morons: and
destroyed the rice fields, the inhabi
tants of the towns about the lake re
tiring into the mountains.
The Signal corps kept up telegraphic
communication with the front during
the long advance admirably.
Our losses to-day, according to pres
ent reports, are two killed and ten
wounded.
NEGOTIATIONS TO
TERMINATE THE WAR
NEW YORK, March 19.— Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Important negotiations will
be begun this week by the Philippines
Commission with leaders of natives on
the island of Luzon, looking to the res
toration of peace.
The State Department has been ad
vised of the arrival of Colonel Charles
Denby at Manila, so that the person
nel of the commission is now complete,
and it will immediately commence the
performance of its duties. An official
with whom I talked to-day told me the
administration expects more from the
commission in the way of securing the
establishment of peaceful conditions
than it expects from military opera
tions. The President recognizes that
If the natives are stubborn the war
can be kept up for the next five years,
► and the cost to the island would be
great, both in blood and money. Now
that the natives have been given a se
vere lesson and have learned the dif
ference between Spanish and American
methods of warfare it is expected they
will be willing to listen to reason, and
the commission will explain to them
the purposes of the President and of
the intentions of this Government re
specting the government of the Philip
pine Islands.
Eventually the commission will visit
all the islands, with a view to comuni
cating to the natives the friendly in
tentions of the United States, but at
present it is propsed to confine its ef
forts to pacifying Luzon.
Military operations will be continued,
of course. In response to authority
given him by the War Department to
enlist Filipinos if he deems it wise tb
do so. General Otis has wired the
War Department that he will try the
experiment. The commission, of which
General Otis is a member, will deter
mine when the time is ripe for the ex
periment. The commission will - not
promise that a home rule government
will be set up over the entire archipel
ago, but each district will have home
rule under supervision of the commis-
I sion- _________
SEATTLE CHURCH BURNED.
Eire Believed to Have Been of In
cendiary Origin.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 19.— The
Church of the Sacred Heart - was de
stroyed by fire early this morning. The
loss is estimated at $25,000, partially in
sured. The fire is thought to have been
incendiary- Several attempts have been
made to destroy the church within the
last three yeara
NEGROES TO
EIGHT THE
FILIPINOS
May Replace the Volunteers
Now Serving Around
Manila.
plan of Mckinley
Said to Favor Garrisoning Onr
New Possessions With Regi
ments of Colored Men.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters. Wellington Hotel,
Washington, March 19.
A prominent United States Senator,
who assumes to have personal and di
rect knowledge, Is authority for the in
teresting statement that the President
has recently discussed a novel solution
of the question "How shall our colonies
be garrisoned?"
Although the indications for an early
adjustment of the insurrection in the
island of Luzon are favorable it is the
general impression among army offi
cers that these people, like all others
of fickle character, will be constantly
rebelling against our authority as from
time to time they find fault with our
exercise of government over them. It
is pointed out that the Cubans, the
Porto Ricans and the South American
natives are constantly rebelling against
the constituted authority; that this has
been -the case for centuries. The Fili
pinos, they say, are of the same char
acter. Moreover, while the natives of
Luzon may be subjugated there are
1400 other islands in that archipelago,
400 of which are well populated, but
with a class of people with whom it
will be hard to deal.
Our volunteers in the Philippines long
ago became tired of exile, and when
the treaty of peace lately ratified by
the United States and Spain has finally
been exchanged, which ceremony will
take place in a few days, the war will
have ceased practically and technically,
and the volunteers may then be mus
tered out upon theft own application.
It is needless to say that a vast ma
jority of them will apply for release,
and as it will have to be granted this
will leave only the 60,000 regulars.
It is assumed by the President and
i his advisers that there would be less
I objection among Democrats £o the re
| cruiting of the regular army up to the
j 100,000 standard, as proposed in the
j Hull reorganization bill, which meas
j ure was opposed especially by Demo
' crats from the South, if it were under
j stood that these soldiers would be re
! cruited from the negro population. It
! is assumed that the Southern Senators
j and Representatives would be willing
to increase th * regular army to the
i number of 35,000 additional men if it
were understood the regiments would
be recruited largely from the negro
ranks. It has been pointed out that the
negro regiments are not only very ef
ficient, but the negro, whose progeni
tors were accustomed to the rays of a
fierce African sun, will not be afraid
of spoiling their complexion in the Phil
ippines, Cuba or Porto Rico.
Whether or not the tentative sugges
tion will take the form of a recommen
dation to Congress at its next session,
the Senator was unable to say, but it
certainly j presents a most novel; solu
tion of the vexed problem of garrison
ing our new possessions.
SERIOUS CLASH
BETWEEN POLICE
AND THE PEOPLE
Many Wounded in an Affray
at Havana in Which
Cubans Participate.
PITCHED BATTLE AT A BALL
Insurgent Officers Head the Opposi
tion to Peace Officers and Use
Revolvers With Deadly
Effect.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
HAVANA, March 19. — A serious
conflict between the police and
people of Havana occurred last
night, resulting In much shoot-
Ing and clubbing. From thirty
to fifty people were wounded, some se
riously. Among the Injured is Police
Captain Estampes, formerly a colonel
in the Cuban army.
Ever since the police interference
about a week ago at the demonstration
in honor of General Maximo Gomez
the police have been unpopular with
the populace, who jeer them and de
clare them inefficient. Certain news
papers let no opportunity escape to
criticize the force, denouncing the ar
rests as unfair and charging the po
lice' with "trampling upon the rights
of a free people." The police are vir
tually in the position of men who have
to make the people fear them in order
to secure ob^ience, as they have no
record to fall bar": upon for example.
Last night's trouble occurred at a
public mulatto ball in. San Jose street,
an unsavory quarter. Many Cuban of
ficers, colonels and captains among
them attended the affair. A policeman
on duty in that street, following orders
to prevent a crowd collecting in front
of the building where the ball was In
progress, asked a group of men to go
in or disperse. His request was un
heeded, and after repeating it he was
attacked by the group, whereupon
many men Issued from the building and
set upon him, took away his club and
revolver and handled him roughly. •
The policeman immediately notified
headquarters, which ordered twenty re
serves to the scene. The crowd had
prepared for their arrival. It Is said
they opened with a revolver fire upon
the police, which the latter returned,
the shooting being kept up until the
ammunition was exhausted.
The opponents of the police acted with
determination in the affray. Many who
were in the building mounted the roof,
which was low, and fired upon the po
lice from that point. They were appar
ently well armed, and this fact, together
with the resolution with which they
fought, seems to confirm the belief that
the attacking party was mostly made
up of Cuban officers, as ordinary civil
ians would have fled from the revolvers
of the police. ,
Many women were wounded. A re
port is in circulation this evening that
two of the injure^ civilians had suc
cumbed to their v%;inds, but this is
not confirmed. Among those seriously
hurt are Policemen Donato Aroza, En
rique Munoz and Benlgue Vasquez and
civilians Jose Dominguez, Etou Gall
ano, Alberto Aleja and Irene Rogue.
It is reported on good authority that
many were wounded who withdrew
hastily because unwilling to have it
known that they were present.
American troops were called to the
scene when the trouble was over and
numerous arrests followed. Police Cap
tain Estames, who is well known in
Cuban mlitary circles, is so badly in
jured that fears are entertained that he
will not recover.
Numerous permits have been issued
for similar balls this evening and it is
feared there may be further trouble.
Shortly before 9 o'clock it was re
ported that another conflict between
the people and the police had taken
place this evening in the outskirts of
Havana, and that two policemen and
several civilians were wounded. It is
asserted also that two policemen were
killed and that the reserves had been
called out.
WILL PROTEST TO THE
THE CIVILIZED WORLD
MADRID, March 19.— Senor Sllvela,
Premier and Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, had "a conference to-day with the
French Embassador regarding the lib
eration of Spanish prisoners in the
hands of the Filipinos.
Spain, it is rumored, has determined
to protest to the civilized world against
the attitude of the Americans In hin
dering the efforts of General Rlos,
Spanish commander in the Philippines,
to liberate the prisoners. • The Govern
ment will demand a credit for the pay
ment of the interest on the Cuban debt.
RUMORED TROUBLE
IN STORE FOR EAGAN
Report in Army Circles That the Gen
eral May Again Be Court-
Martialed.
NEW YORK. March 19.— A special to
the World from Washington says.:- It is
believed in army circles that the case of
General Miles in the meat controversy
has been proved by the testimony adduced
by the court of inquiry and that the court
cannot fail to recommend the punishment
of those responsible. t yf
There is some talk that General Eagan,
who was in charge of the commissary de
partment during the war. would be
brought before another court-martial. The
fact that he had already been court-mar
tialed and is under sentence would not
prevent his being again called before a
military, tribunal.
THE FIGHT IS OVER,
THE BATTLE IS WON,
THE PEOPLE REJOICE
Victory Crowns the Efforts of Clean
and Honest Men.
STATE SAVED FROM DISGRACE
* __.__—_—.—
:
Legislature Adjourns Sine Die and the Southern Pacific
Railroad and Its Tool Are Turned Down as
a Power for Evil.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 19.— long fight is
finished and the people have won a
great victory.
Burns is defeated and the State
saved from the c 3grace of his election
to the high office of United States
Senator.
The promise made to the voters of
California that the Republican party
should not be dominated by the South
ern Pacific Railroad has been fulfilled.
The power of the arrogant corporation
is broken and every true and independ
ent man of the State may rejoice.
The debt of gratitude which Califor
nia owes to fifty-five Republicans of
the Legislature, who stood from the
first to the last against the election of
Burns, can. ?. be appreciated in its full
measure at this time. They were proof
against corrupt influences and seduc
tive blandishments. They were vigil-
ant and courageous, refusing to yield
to the crack of the party lash wielded
by leaders who sought to betray the
party. The high sense of public in
tegrity which they possessed repelled
corrupt advances. They were strong
when strength was needed. They were
firm when firmness was imperative.
To-night leading men, in reviewing
the situation, accord high praise to
General W. H. L. Barnes, U. S. Grant
and Irving li. Scott. Each served the
cause of clean politics. General Barnes
expelled from his apartments a railroad
hireling bearing a vast bribe. U. S.
Grant and his, men deserve . boundless
praise for the tenacity and courage dis
played at every hour of the long and
earnest battle. The methods which in
troduced Mr. Grant to the scene of
Senatorial strife may be questioned,
but nothing said in that regard can de
tract from the record which he made
when the fight was on between the peo
DEPARTING SOLONS
HAVE NO REGRETS
FOR THE CAPITAL
The Exodns of Politicians of
High and Low Degree From
Sacramento.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 19.— And to-day the ex
odus.
Out of the Capitol, out of the Golden
Eagle and out from the places tucked
away behind the "beer at V the glass"
signs that everywhere decorate this river
ridden city, every train cityward has
taken its quota of legislators and lobby
ists every one of them glad it's over and
all of them afraid of a call for an extra
session. .>...' *.
Not every one is gone. Jake Steppacher
and Charlie Kenneally are still in town
and may be for a day or so to come, but
the rest have departed. The Los Angeles
delegation got away to-night on the 5
o'clock southern, and the five-ten car
ried most of the San Francisco crowd.
The hegira began as early as 5 o clock
this morning. Belshaw of Contra Costa
and Atherton of — arm led a crowd of
those who have been voting for General
Barnes down to the depot at that time,
and since then the depot has been the
liveliest spot in town. There is nothing
on the streets but rain- to-night, and
there i*** so little of that that the cow
county representatives kicked all the way
to Mjfor r McLaughlin and Hervey Lindley
went aboard the 5 o'clock train this even
ing and took with them a whole bu nch of
those who have stayea with . air. Burns
all through this wearisome fight, and not
onVinthf party but looked as smiling as
though nothing serious had happened.
Mr Burns himself remains in town.
The candidates, those of them who have
gone caught the 2 o'clock train this after
noon. Gineral Barnes and Irving M.
Scott were aboard, and it was expected
that Mr. Burns would be with them, but
he did not turn up nor did he leave on the
tVain this evening. Mr. Grant stays oyer
a day or so. although most of the Los An
teles and San Diego delegation pulled out
on the southern this evening, Works of
San Diego switched to Oakland, where
Mrs Works has been seriously ill for
some Weeks past. Crowder and Charlie
Huber who have stayed so loyally by the
Southron since his candidacy began, got
Iway with the rest, and Assemblyman
Radcliff of Santa Cruz, another of Mr.
Grant's leaders, pulled out for his home at
Watsonville. . . , . .
It has not been a happy' leave taking for
every one, however. The San Francisco
delegation was not altogether m rth
strlcke'n. Mike Barry and Fred Lund
qulst, Lon Henry and the rest made suc
cessive attempts to get away on every
train that pulled out, but they didn t
make it until the last on the schedule.
Charlie Kenneally got as far as the depot
but took the next car back. t Dls Is no
treatment for a legislator.* said Mr. Ken
neally in explanation. "I've voted for
every Espee bill what's come up. I've been
friendly to de railroad and don't care who
knows it, and den just look how far apart
dem ties is. Dats not de way fer Herrin
to do. I wait till to-morrow and mean
while wires home."
Jake Steppacher has stayed behind to
settle up the little account of the State
Central Committee and see that Its
erstwhile - headquarters are left in pre
sentable shape. >
Judge Dibble will not leave until he has
straightened out the crooks and cranks
that the hurry of the last few days has
left Assembly business in, and Valentine
of Los Angeles will be on hand for the
same purpose. Mead of Los Angeles,
who shares with Caminetti the leadership
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
pie of California and the railroad's
candidate for Senator. U. S. Grant
stands higher to-day in the estimation
of Californians than he ever stood be
fore. He has shown that he possesses
some of the attributes which made his
father famous as a fighter.
General Barnes' gallant fight is re
marked. He had neither the prestige
of party organization nor the power of
money to assist him, but aided by his
splendid personality, his eminent abil
ity and his record as a veteran in the
service of his party he took rank among
the leaders of the contest and main
tained a conspicuous position until the
close of the struggle. He stood for the
people against Influences which have
in the past controlled and swayed lead
ing public men. His supporters were
among the ablest men of the Legis
lature and they were proud of his lead
ership.
There Is no exultation over the vic
tory to-night, but a profound sense of
security from danger of railroad domi
nation and boss rule is entertained.
Leading legislators of Republican
faith say: "We can now go before the
people in the great campaign of 1900
and say Huntington, Herrin and the
bosses do not control the Republican
party. Look at the Republican record
in* the Legislature of 1899. Only thirty
Republicans could be deceived, misled
or corrupted when the vast power of
the corporation and all the evil In
fluences of political bossism were
brought to bear in order to secure con
trol of the Legislature. The Repub
lican party is clean and honest. It
sacrificed the political advantage of a
Senator rather than, take orders from
the railroad to elect an unworthy
man." ■ y A
The members comprising the Repub
lican party are almost worn out by the
fatigue of the long battle. They are
fully satisfied to-night with the result,
as the State has been saved from dis
grace and humiliation.
of the minority, will also not hurry In his
leave-taking. There remains a pile of
work at the Capitol yet to be done, and
although there is a large force of clerks
held over to do it. it cannot be got
through with unless some of the more
skilled in legislation are on hand to direct
matters. But so far as Sacramento is
concerned its prosperity is over for • n
other two years. It is left by the Leg **-
lature to drink itself to premature death
on Its own drinking water and a call of
the House to-night would not muster a
third of a quorum.
CLOSING HOURS
OF THE ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 19.— There was a quorum
and no more In the Assembly this morn
ing to attend to the arduous duty of ad
journing sine die. The hour was fixed
at 11 o'clock, and the clock was stopped
at that time, although it was li minutes
before noon by the right time before the
gavel fell.
There was no little business to be done
before the whole thing could be called
off. and Judge Dibble and Assemblyman
Rickard assisted Speaker Anderson in
pushing it through as rapidly as it could
be made to go. The enrolling of bills and
the final passage and enrolling of a* bunch
that did not get through last night
stretched .th« time limit almost to the fa
tal hour of noon, and even then Judge
Dibble demanded adjournment and moved
it before the Enrolling Committee had got
back from the Governor's office with its
last batch. »**■'•"> ■"'
All of the bills passed were of neces
sity Senate measures, and most of them
were measures of Senator Dickinson, al
though Stratton and Boyce each got one
through.
The bils passed were as follows:
Senate bill 275, Dickinson— An act enti
tled "An act to amend section 751 of the
Political Code of the State of California,"
and providing for the appointment of a
chief deputy clerk and five deputy clerks
of the Clerk of the Supreme Court.
Senate bill 287, Boyce— An act to amend
section 501 of the Civil Code of the State
of California relating to street railroad
cars. . ..
Senate bill 422, Stratton— Appropriating
money for the repairs and improvement
of the building and grounds at the Indus
trial Home of Mechanical Trades for the
Adult Blind. „, " „ , ,
Senate bill 459. Dickinson— Making an
appropriation to pay the deficiency in the
appropriation for postage, expressage, tel
egraphing and contingent expenses of tf^
Attorney General for the fiftieth fiscal
Seriate bill 724, Dickinson— An act enti
tled "An act to amend section 756 of the
Political Code and providing for the
amount, and the time and manner of pay
ment of and making an appropriation to
pay the salaries of the chief deputy clerk
and the deputy clerks of the Clerk of the
Supreme Court."
! DEATH OF THOMAS MENZIES.
An Old-Time Business Man. Sue-
cumbs to Paralysis.
SAN RAFAEL, March 19. — Thomas
Menzles, the milionaire, died here yes
terday morning. He was formerly a mem
ber of the now defunct firm of Falkner,
Bell & Co. of San Francisco, and also
represented several English syndicates.
Deceased was born in Leith, Scotland,
and came to New York when a mere boy.
He arrived in California with the Argo
nauts, and since has amassed a fortune.
For several years he has been paralyzed,
and this ailment caused his death. He
was very popular, and leaves scores of
friends to regret his demise.
KIPLING'S IMPBOVEMENT.
NEW YORK. March Rudyard Kip
ling to-night read the papers, dictated
some letters and saw a few friends. Ha
spoke of getting out soon, and his physi
cian, Dr. Dunham, encouraged him with
the promise that he would be permitted
to leave his room la a few day* _•_
■2
GOVERNOR GAGE
GIVES ADVICE TO
THE LEGISLATURE
A Document That Is Remarkable for Its
Erasures.
A LOOPHOLE FOR AN EXTRA SESSION
Lawmakers Chided for Dereliction of Dnty Because They
Failed to Elect a United States Senator and
Left a Vacancy. - --• ■■'■■■
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 19.— Just before ad
journment was taken at noon to-day
Governor Gage delivered to the Senate
and Assembly his final message. That
It was an excellently executed docu-
ment, frdm a comparative standpoint,
was agreed by every lingering legisla
tor who heard it read, and not one
of them but was struck by, and re-
marked upon its political significance.
It was in its erasures, rather than in
Its printed text, that its significance
lay. Governor Gage and Mr. Foley,
his secretary, had taken all of four
days in its preparation. It had been
reread and rewritten and worried over
until the Executive was satsified that
It would move this dilatory Legislature
to do its duty in the way of the elec
tion of a United States Senator. Even
then there was found a change to be
made, and rather than rewrite it. it
was sent to both houses to-day with
the last correction marked through in
lead pencil lines that in not one whit
disguised its meaning. The erasure
read as follows:
"It is now apparent that no extra
session can be justified In order to
see whether you will, in the future,
perform a duty which has previously
been ignored."
It was the original intention of Gov
ernor Gage to hand in his message just
before the last balloting was begun
yesterday, but mature deliberation and
consultation with his confidants in both
houses convinced him that such action
would be ill-advised in view of the in
terpretation that many of those who
have been fighting for a Senator have
put upon his apparently close relations
with D. M. Burns and his adherents.
That his message would have been a
lever under the factional leanings of
every man in the House is evident upon
the reading of it. It was as follows:
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT. STATE
OF CALIFORNIA, SACRAMENTO.
March 18, 1899. — To the Assembly of the
•State of California: A solemn duty re
quired of you as Assemblymen still re
mains unperformed. You have been elect
ed as agents of the people, not only to
pass necessary and judicious laws, but as
well to choose a United States Senator
to serve the State in Congress. As such
representatives you were elected not to
voice the desires of particular localities,
but to carry out the will of the great ma
jority of our people for their greatest pos
sible good. Your personal feelings, your
especial likes and dislikes, should, there
fore, be subordinated to the sense of pub
lic duty. The people demand a United
States Senator.
During the last political campaign no
subject was of higher importance than
the question of sustaining or opposing
the plan of territorial expansion and the
general national policy of our great Pres
ident. ' ,
That will of the majority of the people
of this State of all political predilections
as expressed at the polls, was in favor of
the national administration; and you
were, in effect, instructed by that splendid
majority to elect a Senator in accord
with the views of the President.
The demand of the people being thus
strongly manifested, no diversity of opin
ion, no private discords, should be per
mitted to prove an obstacle to the fulfill
ment of the popular desire.
In view of the great territorial expan
sion westward in the Pacific Ocean, the
commercial interests of this State are too
vast and its political position too impor
tant to be now impaired by your failure
to choose a national representative.
The power to select a Senator is vested
in you by the constitution, by the law and
by the people, and the people require at
your hands the exercise of that high pre
rogative.
And now, at the close of your session,
in the discharge of my solemn duty . as
your executive, I beseech you to disregard
and discard your individual prejudices
your personal disagreements— and to obey
the people's behest. I implore you, not as
partisans, but as distinguished representa
tives standing upon the high plane of
American citizenship, and as the agents
of the great majority of the people who
elected you, and also as the guardians of
the minority of our people, whom you
likewise represent, to execute at this time
the popular demand. I im\lore you to
falter no longer in the discharge of your
_.i<rh duty; to select for the State a proper
representative for the United States Sen
ate; to rise above the antagonisms which
have been engendered during your long
session, and to choose for the people a
man fully equipped, mentally and morally,
for the great office of United States Sen
ator; a man of distinguished abilities an
virtue, a man in whom the people will
perceive just grounds for confidence, a
man who will best subserve our commer
cial and political interests and represent
the dignity of our people.
HENRY C. GAGE.
Governor of the State of California.
Coming in as it did at the eleventh
hour it resulted in nothing of more
moment than round after round of
hearty applause in the Assembly and a
wrangle In the Senate. There was no
indication of a desire upon the part of
any of Mr. Burns' supporters to make
the capital they might of it. On the
contrary, Judge Dibble, in the Assem
bly, who yesterday gave his word of
honor that at 11 o'clock this morning
he would move to adjourn, so far
ignored it that he immediately rose to
move that the journal of yesterday be
approved. Mr. Valentine of Los An
geles was, however, more courteous
and moved that it be spread upon the
minutes of the last day, and it was so
ordered by Speaker Anderson..
As the true significance of the docu
ment dawned upon the Senate and the
crowd waiting in the lobby the bustle
attendant on the preparations for ad
journment ceased and the Senate be
came all attention. When the clerk
had finished reading a wild yell rose
from the Burns people and they cheered
and shouted until the Senators or those
whom Burns owned joined in the tur
moil. But even over the shouts of the
crowd Boyce's voice could be heard de
manding recognition and a chance to
speak. He was no friend to such a
course as the message . suggested and
the Burns crowd knew it, and as he
called the louder "the rooters yelled.
The President pro tern., nor his gavel,
nor the sergeants at arms, nor the
efforts of the more decent element could
•till the cry until It had run Its "course."
And when it died away Boyce was still
calling for the floor.
He was recognized and moved that
the communication be laid upon the
table. The motion was seconded at
once by Ashe. There were cries of
"No! no!" and when Dickinson moved
that the communication be received and
printed in the journal according to the
usual custom Boyce accepted the
amendment. But the Burns* men were
not willing to let this last chance go.
It was like the recent rain to the far
mer in their eyes, and even though
they had pledged themselves only the
night before to make no requests for
a postponement Wolfe rose to see what
he could do as a last effort.
"Mr. President," he said, "do you
suppose this is the only thing in order?
Is there no other course open to us but
to place this message on record and so
let it die? It will go all over the State
as one of the records of this Senate,
and the State will demand why it is we
have so coldly passed it by. I wish
we could do something more than
merely print in the journal these sen
timents which come so forcibly from
the Governor. They are the senti
ments of every good and true Repub
lican in California, and how will we
look our constituents in the face fair
ly after ignoring such a plea as this? Is
there nothing else we can do? Is there
no other way? Must we pass this by
with no further comment or action
than to order it printed in the
journal?"
It was as close as Wolfe could get to
the line without breaking the pledge
so solemnly, if unwillingly, given last
night. Had there been a word of en
couragement, even the faintest promise
of support, the pledge would have been
in the air and the battle would have
been on again to rage to the last flying
minutes of the session. But there was
no support for him and the only one
who spoke was Boyce.
"I believe the Republicans will justly
and fairly judge us for what we have
done," was all he said, and the silence
which followed seemed to indicate that
he voiced the sentiments of the Senate.
There was no roll call. The ayes were
put and brought a few responses. The
call for the noes met only silence, and
the Governor's message went off to the
printer and the journal.
DYING HOURS OF THE
SENATE A LOVE FEAST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 19.— 1t was after half
past 1 instead of 11 when Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neff announced the adjournment of
the Senate and the fall of the gavel ended
legislation for two years to come. It was
two hours of mutual congratulation that
delayed matters, not any attempt of the
Senatorial corpse to rise from the grave
so deeply dug for it. There were presenta
tions to the Lieutenant Governor, the
President pro tern., the Secretary and the
sergeant at arms, and there were words
of esteem passed from majority to minor
ity and back again, from Democrat to Re
publican, from floor to desk. But all this
time the clock stopped, to listen, and if it
Is to be believed the old Senate timepiece
declares even now it is five minutes to 11.
Business was practically a secondary
matter, but still the Senate managed to
earn the salary it will not get. The ap
pointment of F. S. Chadbourne to the
Harbor Commission, announced last night
by the Governor, was taken up and on
motion of Dickinson was confirmed. In
the rollcall the Democrats all asked to be
excused from voting, a courtesy which
was granted them. Chadbourne has been
appointed to succeed Rudolph Herold,
whom the Governor said had not complied
with all the forms necessary and conse
quently had not properly qualified for the
office. The Democrats had no desire to
antagonize Governor Gage, nor did they
wish to legislate Herold out of office, a
combination of circumstances which
brought them permission to remain silent.
At 10:45 Dickinson called attention to
t l '^ fact that the Senate was still working
or': he session of Saturday, the 18th, and
he moved that the House adjourn to con
vene agflln immediately in session for the
10th. The logic of this lay in the fact
that last night's session adjourned at ..30
this morning, and the adjournment then
was really a recess until 9 o'ciock. There
'- some c'atisc or section or article or
something in the constitution Which
makes that kind of a procedure advisable,
if not rccessary.
Immediately affe-* this phantom ad
journment the roll was called again and
the Senate it ported for duty. 'On motion
of Dickinson, Senators Dickinson, Doty
and Gillette were appointed a committee
to notify the Governor that the Senate
was ready to adjourn sine die. Senators
Morehouse, Sims anti Davis were appoint
ed a committee to present the same in
formation to the Assembly.
On motion of Smith, a committee of
three was appointed to examine into the
subject of county taxation and revenue,
its report to be presented to the next ses
sion of the Legislature. The committee
is composed of Senator Smith of Fresno,
Senator Taylor of Alameda and Senator
Sims of Santa Rosa.
It was then the Governor's message was
presented and read, and when Wolfe's
plea was over and a few resolutions pro
viding contingent expenses had been
passed the Senate adjourned sine die.
It was then the presentations were
made, the Senate coming to order as if
it had not adjourned. To Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neff Senator Boyce, on behalf of
the Senate, presented a magnificent game
service and also a dressing case. Then
Taylor called Flint to the bar of the
house and presented him with a silver
water ewer. Then Morehouse called Frank
J. Brandon, the secretary of the --Senate,
and after paying him some well-merited
compliments he presented him with a sil
ver service, and Shortridge presented a
similar one to Lou Martin, the sergeant
at arms. Then Sims spoke for the minor
ity, and Smith for the majority, and Da
vis called for Shortridge, and on behalf
erf the lady attaches of tn«- Senate pre
sented him wi-i* a tie redder and if pos
sible more boisterous than any he had
worn during the session. In reply Short
ridge in a half serious, half apologetic
way spoke of himself, of his mannerism
on the floor of the Senate and of his re
lations to his fellow Senators. • In doing
so he* delivered one of the prettiest
speeches heard during. this Legislature.
Then the crowd broke up and the ser
geant at arms took possession of the fast
emptying chamber. -■;--,■
The Pope Attends Mass.
ROME, March 19.— The Pope attended
mass to-day in his • private 'chapel and
later received several persons in audience.
He occupies .his. leisure time In writing
Latin" verses. . -.-..,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
KING OF DIAMOND
SWINDLERS CAUGHT
The Notorious Schwartz Serving
~;/ A-y'----'- J A - ; --.-"- •'-:■■>.. " ' -' ' ■ /'■ *.'."';;. ;'fs.'-T!
Time for a Crime Committed
in Dawsor).
Q TACOMA, March 19.— Local police officers say that J. Schwartz, who B
+ according to Dawson advices has been sentenced to eight years' impris- + ■
? onmerit, is the "King of Diamond Swindlers," -who. is, notorious in Eu- +
o rope and America. The offense for which he is being punished was o*
+ committed last July in Dawson. He was in the habit' of paying his bills +
O with gold dust in "Which a large percentage of brass filings was mixed, °
+ and was successful for a long time before his artifice was discovered. He J
_? was arrested in July, but his trial was postponed until recently. \ +
q Schwartz was well known to the police of the Pacific Coast. He was o
+ a confederate of the notorious "Rebel George" Knowlton. Together they . +
o worked the gold-brick swindle on a logger at Grays Harbor a few years o
+ ago, for which crime Knowlton.had to bear the brunt. Later Schwartz "+
? went to San Francisco and resumed his old tricks. .+.
o o
H+o+o+ o 4 +o 4 6+o+o+o+o+o+ o+o+o+o+o +o+o+o+ 04 0+ 04
SEARCH FOR THE
WINDSOR VICTIMS
Two Hundred Men Work
in the Ruins.
NO BODIES YET RECOVERED
DYNAMITE USED TO BLOW
DOWN CHIMNEYS. . .
Several Guests Reported Missing, In
cluding Archibald Clavering
Gunther, Have Been Ac
counted For. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 19.— 1n a driz
ling rain more than 200 men continued
to-day to work among the debris.* and
smoldering ruins of the Windsor Hotel,
searching for the bodies of those who
perished in the flames and to recover
any valuables that might have escaped
the ravages of the fire. .The efforts of
the searchers were futile, however, as
the ruins were too hot to permit much
progress and the smoke arising from
the burning material was rendered
more dense by the dampness of the at
mosphere. At Intervals during the
night flames burst forth from the burn
ing embers and forced back the work
men.
Work was begun this morning to de
molish the fragmentary portions of
walls en the east and north sides of
the burned building, and later the num
ber of workers was reinforced and the
work of removing the rubbish pushed
as vigorously as was practicable.
The chimney, eighty-five feet high,
standing on the Forty-sixth-street side
of i the ruins, near Fifth avenue, was
blown up to-day. Thirty pounds of
dynamite were placed under the base
of this chimney and electricity was
used to explode it
Smoke and steam still rise from the
debris and now and then tongues of
flame shoot up, even at this late hour
after the fire. The workmen have been
able* to do only a little superficial work.
When they dig down a little way the
debris is so hot that they are obliged
to move to another location.
During the day workmen were en
gaged in picking to pieces the six-story
wall that is standing on the Forty
seventh-street side of the hotel site, in
order to make the search in the ruins
safe.
The second eighty-five-foot chimney
was dynamited shortly after 3 o'clock
this afternoon. The explosion wrecked
a number of plate-glass windows and
doors in near-by residences.
A large force of men were at work
during the afternoon on what was the
main entrance to the hotel. It was ex
pected that bodies would first be found
there. A large amount of small arti
cles, principally the personal property
of guests, was found.
Daniel Sweeney, the emergency
wrecker of the building department,
and three men had a narrow escape
from injury and. possibly death about
5 o'clock. The four men were on top of
the six-story wall, which was still
standing on . the Forty-seventh street
rear corner of .the hotel, tearing it
down. A stiff north wind blew up sud
denly, and Sweeney felt the wall
trembling beneath him. Sweeney
cried out a warning and the men hur
ried from their dangerous perch. They
were just outside the danger line when
a great section of the wall, thirty or
more feet square and including that
portion on which they had been work
ing, went down with a roar. . A portion
of it fell on the roof of the house back
of the hotel, wrecking the roof. The
house had been emptied by order of
the building deparment and nobody
was injured.
Following is a list of the missing, cor
rected to up to 8 o'clock to-night:
Anglin, Mrs. Mary, 45 years, wife of T.
H. Anglin, New York; Bruit, Jane, 40,
New York; Bradley, Mrs. N. X., aunt
of Mrs. A. M. Fuller, of Philadelphia;
Bischoffshausen, . Aaron, Germany;
Boyce, Flossie, 8, daughter of W. S.
Boyce, New York, said to have been
rescued by father and afterward disap
peared; Brush, Mrs. M. G.; Boyd, Mrs.
and daughter; Clair, Mary; . Egan,
Miss; Fuller, Miss Margaret, daughter
of A. M. Fuller, Philadelphia; Guy,
Warren, elevator boy; Hoffman, Miss
Dora, Baltimore; Jose, Miss, servant;
Johnson, Alexander 8., and wife, New
buryport, Mass.; Kelly, Alice, 17, ser
vant; "Leland, Fred, room clerk, cousin
of Warren Leland; Lynch, D.; Lowry,
Miss Maggie; Lawrie, Harry M., 22,
New York; Lanny, Mary; McDonald,
Mrs. Isabella, 42, widow, family living
at Toronto; Morgan, Miss Annie Tay
lor 40 New York; Morgan, Miss Cath
erine; McConnell, Kate; McNulty, Miss
M C, 55, New York; McDonald, Lizzie,
New York; McCarthy, Catherine V.,
New York; McCarthy, Henry; Mc-
Kenna, Jennie, , chambermaid, New
York; Morat, Jennie, 30, chambermaid;
Nash, Mr.; Nellie, Annie, known at ho
tel as Annie Malloy, New York; Pater
son, Mrs., wife of Judge Paterson,
Colorado; Reid, Miss; Salamon, Mrs. D.
S., occupied room on fifth floor "with
daughter, Rosina; Salamon, Miss Ro
sina, 27;- Shea, Kate, 40, servant;
Stokes, Mrs. James 8., widow of Gen
eral Stokes; Simpson, Miss Adelia, 20;
Sleman, Mary, 22, New • York; Soy,
Mary, 23, servant; Walsh, Mary, ser
vant; Ward, - Annie, chambermaid:
Purdy; Mrs. I. H., Purdys Station, New
Yorft.
The hospital reports as to the injured
are most favorable. Most of the pa
tients are improving. Some of them
were able to leave the hospitals to-day
and others will ?be discharged . to-mor
row. The following is a statement of
the condition of the injured: . '
Roach, Katie, servant, ankles broken,
recovering; Simmons, Mrs. Martha M.,
Frederick, ' Md., burned, recovering;
Thomas, Mrs. Nellie, assistant house
keeper, of the hotel, shock, improving;
Price, Mrs. Alice M., Macon. Ga., leg
fractured, greatly improved; Misch,
Mrs. Katherine, wife of correspondent
of the San Francisco Bulletin, injuries
slight, improving at Presbyterian Hos
pital; Shackleton, Edward, burns and
dislocated shoulder, recovering; Yon
Spiegle, Mrs., leg and one rib broken,
recovering; Wheeler, Mrs. C. P., and
daughter, Miss Dorothy, burns and
shock, improving; Boyce, Mrs. William
S., burned and shoulder dislocated, re
moved to her home; Duke, John, hotel
employe, removed to his home; Fuller,
Mrs. A. M., Philadelphia, shock, condi
tion critical; Bailey. Mrs. Catherine,
Chicago, condition favorable; Brewer,
Miss Helen, thigh broken, condition fa
vorable; Waldo, Mrs. Louise, burned,
condition favorable.
Of the nine victims who were origin
ally taken to the Flower Hospital James
McGuire, with log broken, ls the only
one remaining and his condition is not
serious. Mrs. Sarah H. Calhoun is im
proving.
DID THIEVES FIRE
THE WINDSOR HOTEL?
NEW 'YORK, March 19.— A mass of
testimony is accumulating tending to
show that the Windsor Hotel fire hor
ror was of incendiary origin; that the
motive was robbery, and that in some
cases at least the thieves were success
ful. From all sides come corroborative
evidence of the presence of ■ thieves in
the building at the very beginning of
the fire. They sprang up on the differ
ent floors with the flames, and even
cloaked their purpose under pretense of
assisting those in distress.
Startling as any that has come from
a survivor of the fire is the story told
by Mrs. E. W. Sherwood, a writer.
Mrs. Sherwood was In the apartments
of Mrs. Abner McKinley, who had in
vited her to share a view of the St.
Patrick's day parade from the windows
of her rooms. Mrs. Sherwood's apart
ments were on the sixth floor on the
Forty-sixth-street side of the hotel and
did not command a good view of Fifth
avenue. Mrs. Sherwood gladly accepted
Mrs.; McKinley's offer and was seated
at one of the windows when the alarm
of fire was given.
Mrs. Sherwood dashed from the Mc-
Kinley apartments and sought escape
through the hallway. It was then
comparatively free from smoke and she
could see without difficulty. In the ex
citement of the moment she stood near
the door of the rooms she had just
ft, thinking which was the nearest
and safest exit. Mrs. Sherwood is
wealthy and has, or had, many jewels.
Diamond rings were on the fingers of
both her hands. A man ran up to her,
and making a pretense of assisting her
seized one hand in both of his and be
gan trying to slip the rings from her
fingers. When she realized his real mo
tive she screamed, and being strong
and agile for a person of her years be
gan to beat the thief off. The thief
fought with her for possession of the
rings. No one for an instant paid any
attention to either of them in the ex
citement. A fireman finally dashing
through the hall went to Mrs. Sher
wood's assistance and the thief beat a
retreat.
Mrs. Sherwood says she is positive
the hotel was set on fire in several
places at once by thieves for the pur
pose of plundering.
ROBBERS AT WORK
DURING THE FIRE
NEW YORK, March 19.— A. P. Dem
orest called at the East Twelfth street
police station and reported that he had
a small safe filled with jewels valued at
$10,000 in the ruins of the fire. His
wife and daughter and son occupied
rooms on the third floor, near Fifth
avenue and Forty-seventh street. They
were all in their rooms when the fire
occurred. His daughter, when the fire
was. discovered, went to the small safe
containing the jewels and tried td open
it, but forgot the combination in her
excitement. Mr. Demorest stated that
when he opened the' door to his room
he saw three men running about in the
smoke and going into rooms. The ,
were not flrei-.en and he was certain
they were not employes. He thinks
they were robbers. He and his family
then went out on the fire escape and
were rescued by firemen. Mr. Demor
est was apprehensive about the safety
of the safe and' its valuables.
Thomas Cleary 'of 911 Third avenue
called on Inspector Harley and stated
that he assisted a woman from the ho
tel whom he afterward ascertained
was Mrs.. Abner McKinley. He took
her to the street and put her in a cab.
Mrs. McKinley told him that she had
dropped a bag containing some jewelry.
He ran back and got the bag and gave
it to Mrs. McKinley and she drove off.
Inspector Harley held Cleary in order
to verify the story. Of three trunks
taken from the debris at Forty-seventh
street and Fifth avenue Saturday
afternoon, two were claimed by Abner
McKinley. ■
NOVELIST GUNTER
ESCAPED UNINJURED
NEW YORK, March Archibald
Clavering, Gunter, the novelist, re
ported last night as missing since the
Windsor Hotel fire, escaped from the
hotel uninjured. A. V. W. Van Vechten
and Mrs. A. C. Demorest, both of this
city, Windsor Hotel guests, also re
ported missing, are safe. Miss E. S.
Boston, who has been reported missing,
is safe. ," 'Af :-;-.
The Cincinnati Victims.
CINCINNATI, March 19.— The body of
Mrs. John D. Gibson arrived here to-night
and was met by her neighbors. It is now
thought that she was not the only one
from Cincinnati lost in the Windsor Hotel
fire. Harry R. Lee, formerly of this city,
who was employed as a key and mail
clerk in the doomed hotel, has not been
heard of since the fire. ' Lee's name was
rinted among | the injured, but inquiries
aye failed to trace him. ■-< ■■■•■■: ,
RAIN GENERAL
IN CALIFORNIA
— ....-
Heavy Precipitation in
Many Sections.
THE SAN JOAQUIN BLESSED
DOWNPOUR IN PORTIONS OF THE
VALLEY.
Indications Announced by the
Weather Bureau for To-Day Are
That the Showers Will
Continue.-
San Francisco got another drenching
yesterday. For a few hours the clouds
opened and not only this city, but the
entire State from Oregon to the Mexi
can • line, got a share of . the
golden drops. __ The rainfall here for
twenty- four hours, as reported by the
local forecast official, amounted to .38
of an inch. At San Luis Obispo the
heaviest fall occurred. At Los Angeles
rain fell last night, while at Fresno
there was but a trace of rain. Portions
of the San Joaquin Valley were in the
path of the storm, and at Bakersfleld
there was a heavy fall of rain.
The storm moved rapidly northeast
ward and Is now central in the British
Possessions north of Washington.
Rain is "billed" generally for the
coast to-day, with light, variable winds.
The winds on the coast incline ..west
erly, but the pressure continues to fall,
thus indicating that it will be safe to
carry an umbrella for the greater por
tion of to-day, at least.
OUTLOOK FOR GOOD
CROPS NEVER BETTER
Heavy Precipitation Gives Impetus
to the Already Thriving
Grain.
MONTEREY, March Again this
section of Monterey County is being
blessed with a splendid rain. At 4 o'clock
this morning rain began falling, heavily,
continuing until 7:30. There were inter
mittent showers during the remainder of
the forenoon and up to 2 p. m., when a
downpour set in. Nearly an Inch has
already fallen, and heavy clouds, a warm
southeast wind and a low barometer
promise more rain during the night. The
storih of' the' early part of the week
meant Incalculable benefit to this section.
Breaking the drought in the nick of time,
it dispelled the prospects of utter ruin
that confronted many ranch men and
fruit-gowers. This second rain not only
saves the crops, but assures good ones.
In Carmel Valley, the principal fruit sec
tion of this region, the precipitation for
the two storms was 3.78 inches.
BAKERSFIELD, March 19.— 1t rained
heavily here this afternoon. All indlca
cations point to an extended storm. This
insures good crops in all but the northern
part of the county, where the grain was
sold to sheep men for food several weeks
ago. Kern County's output will be up to
the average this year.
MODESTO, March 19.— The storm this
afternoon preciplti ted .28 of an inch of
rain. The total for the storm is 1.53
Inches. The weather Is threatening.
SACRAMENTO, March 19.— There was
a sharp shower of rain here between 5
and 6 o'clock this evening and the indi
cations are that more is coming. Re
ports from outside the city are that all
kinds of crops are doing well. There has
been no killing frost in this vicinity and
the outlook is bright for a heavy fruit
harvest.
STOCKTON, March 19.— Rain has been
falling intermittently all day, and this
evening it is pouring down. Over a half
inch had fallen up to 7:30 o'clock. Re
ports indicate that the rain is general
over the county. '.'...*
AUBURN, March 19.— 1t began raining
again this afternoon. THe indications are
favorable for another good storm, which
cannot prove otherwise than beneficial.
LOS ANGELES. March 19.— Light show
ers of rain fell at Los Angeles and San
Diego during the night, followed this
morning by bright, sunshiny weather.
The precipitation in this city for the
storm amounted to 1.08 inches, making
3.93 for the season. Snow fell heavily in
the higher mountain ranges, assuring a
good irrigation supply for the coming
season. Crops in Southern California are
now taking on a prosperous appearance,
and while the yieid will be less than
hoped for the vast improvement in the
situation during the past week has caused
a great jubilation. To-night a heavy rain
storm set in. It probably will continue all
night.
SAN JOSE, March 19.— A warm rain
which the moist ground readily absorbed
commenced to fall at noon to-day. At 4
o'clock it was resolved into the heaviest
downpour of the season, with no present
prospects of cessation. Up to 9 o'clock
SO of an inch had fallen, making a total
of 11 19 for the season, against 5.48 for
the corresponding period last year. The
great benefit of this last rain will be seen,
so all orchardlsts and farmers, predict,
in the largest grain and fruit yield known
in the history of recent years. The frosts
which followed the rain of last week
were slight and did no damage. Irriga
tion everywhere has stopped, and in
many sections will not be resorted to for
two months at least.
SAN DIEGO. March 19.— The present
prospects appear good for more rain. The
barometer is falling to-night, but it has
not yet reached the storm point. The sky
is heavily overcast. More rain would be
welcome. The late downpour, although
generally a great benefit was In some lo
calities "hardly adequate, and in a few
sections of the county it was quite in
different for the crops. A heavy storm
is needed if water is to he stored for the
coming irrigation season.
SECRETARY ALGER'S
TRIP TO HAVANA
Head of the War Department Will
Sail From. Savannah, on
Thursday.
WASHINGTON, March IS.— Secretary
Alger returned to Washington to-day
from his brief visit to Boston and Mont
real. The Secretary said he expected to
leave Savanah, Ga_, Thursday for a visit
to Cuba on the regular trip of the trans
port Ingalls. He has never been to Cuba,
and takes the trip both to familiarize him
self with the conditions there and to get a
bVlef respite from official dutiesat Wash
ington. Major Hopkins, his military aid;
Victor Mason, his private secretary, and
several other persons will accompany him.
Whether he would go further than Hav
ana he would not say to-night, but indi
cated that that would depend entirely
upon circumstances.
The Secretary added, to another direct
question, that he did not intend to go to
Jekyll Island, to which place the Presi
dent, the Vice President. Senator Hanna
and others are booked for a visit during
the present week.
JOHN SHEBMAN IS BETTEB.
Still Too 111 to Be Transferred to the
Cruiser Chicago.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 19.—
American line steamer Paris, Captain
Frederick Watkins, with the party of
Americans touring in West Indian wa
ters, arrived here to-day.
John. Sherman is steadily improving, al
though he »is still a very sick man and
cannot with safety be transferred to
morrow to the United* States cruiser Chi
cago. Great interest is manifested* in his
recovery on board the Paris. '
LOST-THE BODY OF
MAXIMILIAN DAMM
Disappearance of the Remains
of tbe Multi-Milliooaire While
Ep Route to Mexico.
AUSTIN, Tex., March 19.— dispatch has been received here from
Tampico, Mex., stating that the steamer Scotia, of the Hamburg-Ameri
can line, arrived there on Monday, March 10, having on board the re
mains of Maximilian Damm, the multi-millionaire mining man of Du
rango, Mex., who died recently while on a visit to Germany. ■ He also
held the position of German Consul at Durango at the time of his
death. The remains were being returned to Mexico to be interred, and
a large number of distinguished Mexicans were at Tampico to meet the
body. On leaving the port of Hamburg the ccsket containing the body
was placed in the head of the vessel and marked "M. D.," without any
other marks of identification, as Is customary in making shipments by
vessel. Through the carelessness of some one of the crew the case con
taining the body has been lost, and it is supposed that it was unloaded at
some port at which the vessel stopped between Tampico and Hamburg.
The vessel was delayed at Tampico sev*. 1 days while a thorough
search was made for the case, but no trace of it could be found. A spe
cial train was on hand to convey the body to Durango. *
NO POLITICS AT
JEKYLL ISLAND
Mr. McKinley Simply
Taking an Outing.
MAY MEET REED, OF COURSE
TRIP WAS NOT PLANNED WITH
THIS END IN VIEW.
'.'.* fA
Members of the Presidential Party
Deny Persistent Rumors
Hinting at a Confer
• ence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"THOMASVILLE, Ga., March 19.—
President McKinley attended services
to-day at the Methodist church. Mr.
McKinley, Vice President Hobart and
Mrs. Hobart were driven to and from
the church in the President's carriage.
Mrs. McKinley did not attend, the
weather having turned raw and cold.
The President listened attentively
throughout a rather long sermon, and
joined in the congregational singing.
He looked fairly well, but was de
cidedly pale. The White House party
enjoyed a drive in the afternoon, and
then, owing to the cold weather, spent
.the time indoors, chatting. .
Preparations have been made to leave
to-morrow morning for Jeykll Island.
Politics, it is repeated most positively,
has nothing to do with the trip, and
no political .conference will be hem
there. The probability that Speaker.
Reed and the President will me ,^..l s '
of course, admitted, and the. possibility
l! that as a result of it there may be
better relations between them. is
The exact personnel of the party is
stU T undecided. Those certain i to go
are- The President and Mrs. McKin
ley' Senator Hanna, Assistant Secre
tary Cortelyou and Dr. Rixey of the
navy, the family physician.
MAY MAKE HISTORY
• ON JEKYLL ISLAND
Political Interest Centers in the dis
tinguished Gathering at the
Resort.
TEKYLL ISLAND, via Brunswick, Ga.,
March i-On the surface this ha 3 been a
frprnv balmy Southern coast Sunday In
Sr.orfalwS.rt of millionaires. But there
I Tan undercurrent of preparation for the
ensuing week and of political speculation
as to what the week will bring forth that
serves to put those closely interested upon
tanter-hooks. Is taking life easy and
Speaker Reed is taking hfe easy, and
there appears no trace of anxiety on his
countenance over the approaching visit of
the chief executive. He knows he was
on Jekyll Island first, and the evidence
is all in his favor as to the administra
tion coming to him. Whatever may have
been the wire working to accomplish this
end the situation is anything but unfa
vorable to the Speaker. He took a spin
over the island this morning with appar
en president McKinley's party will occupy
the Frederic Baker cottage, located near
the Jekyll clubhouse and about 200 yards
distant from the Sans Soucl apartment
house wherein Speaker Reed is the guest
of John G. Moore of New York.
Arrangements have been made to give
the Presidential party a warm and hos
pitable welcome. Upon the arrival of the
President at Brunswick he will be met by
Mayor Atkinson and the leading citizens
and given the keys of the city. He will
come on the regular line steamer Gov
ernor Safford. A distinguished party will
meet the President at the Jekyll dock.
It will consist in part of Thomas Nelson
Page the novelist; Robert Howard Rus
sell the artist; H. "W. Cannon, president
of the Fourth National Bank of New
York; General Hayes, New York State;
Joseph Stlckney, the coal mine magnate;.
Joseph Pulitzer, New York World; James
Scrymser. president of the Central and
South American Railroad; H. K. Porter of
Pittsburg; W. B. Isham, president of the
Bank of the Metropolis, New York, and
Robert C. Pruyn of the Commercial Bank
of Albany, N. Y.
Strict instructions have been given that
no newspapermen be allowed on Jekyll
Island during the President's stay. It is
understood to be the desire that no news
paperman come down, as the President is
supposed to be simply out for rest and
recreation. -y-y-K
DETHRONED WHEN HE
BECAME A CHRISTIAN
How a Missionary Accounts for the
Troubles of China's
Emperor.
NEW YORK, March 19.— J. A
Palmer, one of the secretaries of the
Methodist Foreign Missionary Society,
who spent many years in China, in an ad
dress this afternoon in Brooklyn an
nounced that the reports of the beheading
of the Emperor of China were untrue, and
that as a matter of fact he is imprisoned
The reason for the deposition of the Em
peror and his subsequent imprisonment
was, according to the Rev. Dr. Palmer
the fact that he had adopted Christianity'
! Dr. Palmer told with considerable de
tail how the Emperor was converted by
a flower boy, who, he said, had admission
to the Emperor s palace, and on one of his
visits told of the religion of Jesus Christ
Dr. Palmer, when seen at the conclu
sion of the service, was not Inclined to be
very talkative. He said, however, that he
had had within the last few weeks a long
talk with the Chinese Minister at Wash
ington, from whom he got his. informa
tion regarding the fate of the Chinese
Emperor. ■
An Atlantic City (N. J.) special to the
Herald says: Minister Wu of cnlna, who
I? visiting this city in company with Jura.
■ "■
Wu, was seen this evening at the Shel
burne Hotel in regard to the statement
of Dr. Palmer, who alleges that the Chi
nese diplomat had informed him that the
Emperor of China had been deposed from
the throne because he had embraced he
Christian faith. Mr. Wu laughed over
the matter and said: ... T
"I wish to emphatically deny that I
ever made such a remark tp any one. it
is all strange news to me. I have "° c ,-,
ollection of making any such statement.
THAWED DYNAMITE
IN A STOVE. OVEN
Explosion Hurls Two Julian Mining
Men Into the Adjacent
Brush.
SAN DIEGO, March 19.— the mining
camp of Julian last Friday night Peter
Long and a. Mexican assistant named Pe
dro Lopez had an experience with dyna
mite which they will not soon get.
They have been developing the Seventy
six mine, on the grade between Julian and
Banner, and the recent cold weatherhad
made It necessary to thaw out .dynamite
occasionally when it was needed to blast
out rock in the mine.. Long has been
heating his dynamite In an oven of his
stove in a tent at the mouth of a little
° On °Friday night Long placed two sticks
of dynamite in the oven, and then sat
talking with the Mexican, with his feet
resting on the edge of the stove. The
dynamite was forgotten, evidently, for
soon an explosion took place, blowing the
two men out into the brush and destroy
ing the tent, the stove and all the tools
stored in the tent. The report was heard
for miles around and miners hurried to
the spot, finding the Mexican with a
broken leg and otherwise hurt and Long
prostrate on the ground but uninjured.
The Remains of Villamil.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, March 19.— After
a careful investigation Major General
Leonard Wood, the military governor, is
convinced that the skeleton found a few
days ago tied in an armchair on the shore
about four miles west of El Morro is the
remains of the Spanish Admiral Mllamll,
who commanded the torpedo-boat* de
stroyers Furor and Pluton in the battle
which resulted in the destruction of Cer
vera's squadron.
ADVraiTISEMENTjEu
I "Oat of Sight
\ Oat of Mind."
In other months we forget
the harsh winds of Spring.
But they have their use, as
some say, to blow out the
bad air accumulated after
! Winter storms and Spring
I thaws. There is a far more
7. . . *
important accumulation of
badness in the veins and ar-
teries of humanity, which
needs Hood's Sarsaparilla* ',
■ "'"•*- _ii *-■•»■ ..y
This great Spring Medicine clarifies
the blood as nothing. else can. It cures
scrofula, kidney disease, liver troubles,
rheumatism and kindred ailments.
Thus it gives perfect health, strength
and appetite for months to come. '* AyA..
Eczema -"My daughter had eczema
and it affected her eyes. The doctor said
it was incurable. Her skin is .now smooth
and white, and all on account of Hood's
Sarsaparilla. I have taken it for weak-
ness and can now walk three or four
miles easily." MRS. E. A. HENDRY,
Sauk Center, Minn.
"Nervousness caused by a
fright made my wife suffer intensely
from gastritis. Morphine was necessary
to relieve the suffering. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla and Hood's Pills were tried after all
else failed and in- four days she improved
and in 14 days she was cured." C. W.
T. SCHMIDT, Normal street, Cedar Falls,
lowa.
Crip— "Sixteen weeks of grip made ma
weak, but after all else failed Hood's
Sarsaparilla cured me. Later I : over-
worked, and dyspepsia and canker in
mouth and stomach bothered me. I took
the Sarsaparilla again and it completely
restored me." MRS. ELIZABETH FO-
MAN. Exeter, N. H.
Malaria— was a soldier, and after
typhoid fever I had fever and ague, rheu-
matism and nervous prostration so that I
could not work. Nothing helped until
Hood's Sarsaparilla cured me completely,
so that I lose ho time now." J. H. STILL-
MAN, Cheltenham, Pa. ...
"Disagreeable catarrhal drop-
pings in my throat made me nervous and
dizzy. My liver was torpid. Hood's Sar-
saparilla corrected both troubles. My
health is very good." MRS ELVIRA J.
SMILEY, 292 Main street, Auburn, Me.
Hcod's Pills cure liver ills; the non-lrrltatlnc
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsa-
parilla.
£sBliKl^«i^^» Ril EV CDC
*^gf^^^y& •»■■-■ si Ko
fe||f *fj§yg|§t Specialists for Men
Vf^T* 'x!*^i§/} V\~Sy>» Thesa physicians bave teen
v»vf i*~ f l^ YixSr "* riD B weaknesa and con-
\\ __\t, I \sH ,r>ctcd ailments since 15.51.
>*_SRI& Xr lti^Tni The)* b& T * tha largest and
iS'lrat *jfflH!{OT beat equipped medical in-
-* = - Vw2j£ i lTVK»* , <fc?4t-j» ,titnt ' oa ' an< * * be jumt c**e **
_\^^^^__\wm_w y ° Pay TIU Cured -
IwVIS. Rfc\/!I^& IW I'nfortunate men who cau-
frSwl >«. IVv-^W^vJt^^ noteall should write for ad-
■^^ «:■-■-»* ATT im tfv*
ESTABLISHCO IT VCARS. -«,_ r* F^ X *_-
Thousands enrrd at home;
All letters confidential. No Charge, for Consultation.
731 MARKET ST., } E,evator Entrance
101 SAN FBAKCISCO . Elevator Entrance
Cl 3ARMY BEEF
TREATED WITH
CHEMICALS
Sergeant Mason Corrobo
rates Miles' Sensational
Charges.
Armour's Agent Admitted That
Meat Furnished Troops Had
Been Treated With "Pre
servaline."
Special Dlspat eh to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. March 19.— The army beef scandal has reached St.
Louis in the shape of a quiet investigation for the purpose of obtain
ing what available evidence exists for use before the War Board of
Inquiry.
Last week Colonel Garlington, one of the inspector generals, was in
the city to see a number of prospective witnesses, with the view of
ascertaining if their testimony would be material. It is unofficially
announced that the result was more than startling.
Inspector General Garlington paid the city a hasty visit and pro
ceeded to Omaha, where fie Is said to be engaged in obtaining evi
dence germane to the points at issue.
Friends of General Nelson A. Miles have taken up the work in St.
Louis started by Colonel Garlington. Some fifteen or twenty wit
nesses have been sounded and if rumors are true their testimony will
prove highly interesting. Most of these men are ex-soldiers, who can
testify from personal experience as to the quality of the beef served
to their respective regiments and companies.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans., March 19.—
The army beef court of inquiry con
cluded the taking of testimony at Fort
Leavenworth at noon to-day and at
4:15 o'clock departed for Chicago, where
the sessions will be resumed Monday
morning. The sole witness examined to
day was Sergeant Edward Mason,
Troop A, First United States Cavalry,
located at Fort Robinson, Neb., who
served as regimental commissary ser
geant at Lakeland, Fla., and during the
>an camp;:
Sergeant Mason's testimony was
" probably the most direct that has been
•adduced since the court left Chcago,
witness declaring that meat received at
Lakeland for use in his regiment was
"undoubtedly chemically treated." An
. agent of Armour & Co.. he further testi
fied, "told me at the time that this meat
had' been treated with what was called
" preservaline." Witness had refused to
accept the meat. Sergeant Mason was
interrogated individually by each mem
ber of the court and could not be shaken
in his testimony.
■ * The court met at 10 o'clock this morning
in the court-martial room at the fort.
Sergeant Mason, whose failure to reach
. the court yesterday m.-de it necessary for
the court "to take Sunday testimony, was
first on the stand and questioned by Re
corder Davis. He told of the meat fur
. nished on the voyage from Tampa to
Cuba. No complaints were made ot the
■tanned roast beer, but. the meat was
la^ess and unsatisfactory generally
* and had to oe thrown overboard in Cuba
Th? men of his regiment would not eat
ihe canned roast beef, and .as a rule it
•was thrown away. The refrigerated beet
£ssed after the surrender was good, out
as a rmet spoiled beiore it coula oe used
The witness was then taken in hand by
Maior Lee. He said he was detailed com
•*v sergeant at Lakeland about April
» ' served as such through to the close
of the Cuban campaign.
••Did you as commissary sergeant or
acting commissary sergeant or the regi
ment draw any refrigerated beet at Tarn
pafor Lakeland?" asked Major Lee.
"1 did. sir."
::& 0 C at U we cd received a3 in appear
ance fine but it was undoubtedly chem
fca^fv treated. One morning 1 went down
to the refrigerator car to draw meat, and
I ° objected to the appearance of It An
Lent of Armour & Co. was there- I do
Sot know what his name was. He told
™i at the time that this meat .had been
Seated with what was called preserva
treatea «>•-" , f jt had b een painted over
£lth something like narafflne wax. There
Vl l J m.ht rnatine on the outside of the
Zlnt I^obiecttd to the color of the meat.
• meat, i ?*%**£ accent it. Our commissary
Sfficer f ca S me l down cP andhe -fused to ac
' Ce -?lbout what time wa-s that?"
"Lieutenant L- here down?"
. "About how much was there of this
1 pounds that was In the
, C^ld you notice Ugenexallyr' reful as
••I examined the meat had handled meat
Se S3 The meat-' was undoubtedly
EP "vvi-'e any reports made by Armour's
3 It the time as to the arm mess
oflSck of hlrmfulness of the preparation
• -^vVco^lecfio^'is that he stated the
P.e^fused did not hurt the meat.
& repa r us to cut off the outside, and
fatd^he 5 meat waj all-right in the inte-
SaiSSSi2tS?.SSSi this had been
done?" t ,
• "Where"had the meat come from before
tpo^ l^ t noV a know d? It came in carloads;
' probably from Chicago or Kansas City."
• P "Might not have come from Tampa?"
■' ''You know, as a matter of fact, that
* there was a refrigerator establishment
. thlre w^ere meats were sent to the vari
' **! Sw^t!'' I think our meat came
from Cfficago. It was .not billed in any
. wav to the commissary.
' -It as not billed In any way to the
commissary; it came entirely to the com
. m »it a came to the agent entirely."
"To whom would he report in regard to
the meat? Would he report to the com-
m ''He r would probably notify the commls
ary officer. We would go down in wag
on-* and get the meat every morning
By General Wade-Were you at Lake
land when the car was opened?
1 "I do not think that I opened the car,
but I was there when it was opened...
"Was it a regular refrigerator car?
"Yes. sir." , , „„
"It had only 3000 pounds in it?
"No, sir; the car was full when it
'came in." _, . •
"Was the meat you got out of the car
before that treated?" .
•"Yes, sir; I suppose the same as the
rest of it." i >J J».*?
"Was that the only car treated?
"No. sir. We would take about a car
a -week. We had four regiments there—
the Second Massachusetts, the Seventy
second New York and the First and the
Tenth Cavalry."
""Was all the meat you got there treat
ed with preservaline?" ■ ...
"That I could not say. The only thing
I knew was what Armour's agent told
me." --*•:, ?'. ; ~v? -
By General Gillespie— How did the
agent happen to tell you about the ap
pearance of the meat? " *
"The meat was supplied in the morn
ing, and it smelled bad and had a bad
appearance. .The agent just - simply
speaking of it. said: 'That is preserva
line. That is the chemical we use to pro- i
tect the meat— to preserve it.' As to what
preservaline was, I do not know."
"Was this agent at Lakeland or at j
Tampa?"
"He came from Tampa."
"Do you wish the court to understand
that very much of the meat supplied to
you of that refrigerated beef had been '
treated chemically?"
"I would not swear that It was. I
will say that. In my opinion. it was."
"Did you call the attention of the ser
geant to that meat being treated?"
"I called the attention of my commis
sary officer; mv immediate superior."
By General George V.*. Davis— Did all
the meat you got at Lakeland appear to ;
I have this glossy surface like paraffins ?
"Yes, sir."
"Did you say that it looked like paraf- j
fine was over it?"
"All the car meat we received had that j
appearance."
"How about the beef you received later j
in Cuba?"
"The majority of the meat we received !
In Cuba spoiled on us. It was the fault
of the climate, as I thought at the time."
"Did It have this white appearance."
"I could not say, because it was all in
cloths." .1 - y
"Who was present besides yourself at
this interview with the agent of Armour,
& Co?" A'A ' >
"Lieutenant Hartman and probably Ser
geant Abies, who is now a commissary
sergeant at Santiago."
"Are you sure the agent was an Ar- i
mour man?" <■_*?
"Yes, sir. I am positive of that because
I made out the vouchers." ; y . y.
"Was he a resident of Tampa, or did he
simply come from there?"
'I think he was probably a Chicago
man?"
"What was his appearance?
"He was a short, heavy set man. In
fact. Armour had two agents there— one
a young man of 23, the other decidedly
Jewish In appearance. The one 1 refer to
was the young man."
■'Could you scrape this material off the
surface of the meat— the preservaline?"
"I could not say that we could scrape
it off. It would break. It was so tight
I could not scrape it off."
SNOW EXTERMINATING
DEER AND ANTELOPE
Herds in Yellowstone National it-ark
Are Starving to
Death.
WASHINGTON. ?*-»rch 19.— Captain
Erwin, acting superintendent of the Yel
lowstone National Park, has reported to
the Interior Department that the unprec
edented fall of snow In the par* thfe year
unquestionably will lead to the death of
many antelope, deer and elk before the
winter is over. In places in the park
snow Is over twelve feet deep and is hrm
lv crusted everywhere, which prevents
these animals digging through and obtain
ing their food underneath. This condition.
it is expected, probably will last all this
month and perhaps next. A small ap
propriation from the park revenue for
buying hay is asked. Many deer are now
in "the immediate neighborhood of the
military post picking up bits of hay. The
scouts report the elk very weak and be
lieve that unless steps are taken to feed
them the deaths among them will amount
to thousands. The main herd of buffalo,
however, being ln a region of hot springs
that melt the snow, are getting along
fairly well.
PECULIAR ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION
Company Capitalized at Twenty-Five
Millions, "With Ten Thousand
Dollars Subscribed.
SAN RAFAEL, March 19.— Articles of
incorporation of the Pacific States Sav
ings, Loan and Building Company were
filed yesterday with County Clerk Gra
ham. There are two peculiar features in
connection with the document, the first
being that the place where the business
is to be conducted is not in the county
where the articles of incorporation were
filed, but in San Francisco; the second
that, whereas only $10,000 of stock was
actually subscribed, the capital stock is
given at $25,000,000. It is divided into
250,000 chares, and each director furnishes
$2000 of the stock actually subscribed.
The five directors are ex-Collector of the
Port John •H. Wise. William H. Busch,
William Pardy, A. D. Hart and C. E.
Mackey.
THREE FREIGHT TRAINS
WRECKED AT ONCE
Three Lives Lost in a Disaster on the
Norfolk and Western
Line.
ROANOKE, Va.. March 19.— A fatal
wreck occurred on the Norfolk and West
ern Railroad at Ada this morning, killing
Fireman Van Landingham of this city.
Brakeman E. Graham and a tramp. Sev
eral trainmen were more or less injured.
Three freight trains were wrecked. All
were coming east. The first train had
stopped The second broke in two and
the sections in their flight down the
mountain side crashed into the first train.
They were soon followed by the third,
which had not been flagged.
Herschell's Body Arrives.
PORTSMOUTH. England. March 19.—
The British cruiser Talbot, with the body
of Baron Herschell on board, which sailed
from New York on March 8, arrived here
to-day. ~ : ;~y ' '• .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
STOCKTON'S HOME FOR
OLD MEN DEDICATED
St. Joseph's Home as It Will Appear When Completed.
STOCKTON, March 19.— Undeterred
by the brisk rain falling during
the afternoon,, the Catholic peo
ple of Stockton to-day made glad
over the beginning of the work
on St. Joseph's Home, an institution
where aged and Infirm men, regardless
of creed or color, may pass the winter
of life in peace and plenty.
The day opened threatening, but the
sky cleared at noon, and it was hoped
the parade and ceremonies at the cor
ner-stone laying might be carried out
according to programme. However, as
2 o'clock approached the rain again de
scended from a leaden sky, and after
the various societies had stood patient
ly in the dampness for some time the
word came that the parade to the site
north of the city must be abandoned
and instead the gathering would pro
ceed to the Agricultural Pavilion and
HOUSES PICKED
UP AND CRUSHED
INTO SPLINTERS
Destruction and Death in the
Trail of a Tornado That Swept
Over the South.
WAYNESBORO, Ga., March 19.— A j
tornado passed over Burke County at ;
3 o'clock this morning. In the vicinity j
of Waynesboro four people were killed.
Several houses were demolished and
much damage done.
There were eleven houses blown down
on Walker McCathern's farm, six miles j
from Waynesboro. One house near j
town was completely demolished while j
it was occupied by eight negroes, but i
they all escaped uninjured.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. March 19.—
ditional details of last night's tornado
near Edwardsville were received here
late to-night. The following is a list
of the dead and wounded, as far as
known. The dead:
LEWIS COFFEE, aged 55. Tax As
sessor of Cleburne County, and the fol
lowing members of his family: Mrs.
Coffee, aged 48; Lelia, aged 22; James,
aged 20; Lula. aged 18; Jacob, aged 13:
Dollie, aged 10; Devroe, aged 8; river,
aged 6; John, aged 4.
UNKNOWN WOMA. . near Heflin.
The wounded: Bessie Coffee, aged 12.
daughter of Lewis Coffee, will die: Mrs.
Runnells. aged 75, will die; Myrline
Stanzell, aged 5, probably die: Mrs.
J H. Cason, Tom Runnels, Wood Stan
zell. Andrew Stephan. all seriously
hurt; Mary Stephan. Lizzie Runnells.
J. H. Cason. Georgia Stanzell. Gaines
ville Stanzell, Joseph Stanzell. Coleman
Stanzell, all badly bruised.
Several other people were more or
less seriously injured, but their names
. are not known.
The path of the storm was about 200
yards wide and it traversed the country
for twelve miles, beginning in the
northern part of Cleburne County, near
< Iron City, and moving southward
1 There was an immense funnel shaped
cloud that bounded along like a rubber
: ball rising at intervals and leaping for
several hundred yards without doing
| any damage. Then, when it descended,
COMMITS SUICIDE
AT HIS WIFE'S GRAVE
Aged Resident of Oroville Crosses the
Styx to Join a Loved
One.
OROVILLE, March 19.-Fred W. Lehn.
I aged 65 years, killed himself here to-day
, under peculiar circumstances. His wife
I died some months ago and he has been
despondent ever since. Yesterday a large
number of people from Oroville went to
1 the cemetery, a mile out of town, to help
i put it in better shape, and Lehn went to
''■ aid in the labor. He remained there until
! after every one else had departed. Then
' he went to the grave of his wife, placed a
revolver to his forehead and shot himself
dead. . . .
When word was brought to his niece,
Mrs C H. Turner, this morning that her
uncle had not come home last night she
immediately cried: ___.
"I wonder if he has done what he once
threatened to do." .
Her son a lad of 8 or 9. had some weeks
ago heard the family speak of Lehn's de
claration that he would kill himself at the
grave of his wife, and to the cemetery the
! boy at once ran. He. found the body ly
ing across the grave.
YON MOHRENHEIM'S DENIAL.
Ridicules the Story That He Sold
French Military Secrets.
PARIS, March 19— The .Temps to-day
' publishes an Interview with Baron yon
; Mohrenheim, former Russian Embassador
to France, who now resides at Pau. in
which he denounces as a "clumsy inven
! tion" the story that he is the real culprit
i who sold both Russian and French mili
i tary secrets to the German Government
there appropriately celebrate the event.
The militia company did not leave the
armory, but the following societies un
der a moving line of umbrellas proceed
ed to the pavilion: Slavonic Society.
Portuguese Society, Gentlemen's Sodal
ity, Stockton Council, Y. M. I.; St.
Aloysius Society. Sixth Regiment Band,
and hundreds of citizens who had in
tended to take part in the parade.
Archbishop Riordan and his clergy
took their place on the stand, his Grace
in the vestments. worn on dedicatory
occasions. A company of boys from St.
Mary's School and girls from St. Agnes'
Convent took positions on the stage and
to the accompaniment of the band ren
dered two anthems.
John T. Doyle from the Gentlemen's
Sodality stepped forward and presented
his Grace with a silver trowel which it
had been intended to use at the corner
!it would pick up houses and crush
I them to pieces, uproot trees or twist
them off the ground and sweep all be
fore it.
Lewis Coffee's residence, a strong
double log house situated on a little
hill, was swept away and the timbers
scattered for a mile. Ten of its eleven
occupants were instantly killed. Ex
cept the body of the baby, which was
found under the ruins of the chimney,
the corpses of the victims were carried
half a mile, and nine of them were
found heaped together. Every body
had been stripped of its clothing. One
was twisted around a stump and two
others were headless. Beside the body
of the father lay Bessie Coffee, the
only member of the family not in
stantly killed. She was unconscious
and her arms were around her dead
father's neck. She is unable to talk
and will die.
In the same neighborhood the resi
dences of J. W. Wilder, J. H. Cason,
Andrew Stephan and Ben Stenzell were
wrecked and their occupants injured.
Near Heflin, a white woman, whose
name cannot be leared, was killed, and
Aye persons in the same family hurt.
It is estimate., that about fifty build
ings were destroyed, between fifteen
and twenty persons were injured and
over a score of farms devastated. The
storm lost its force just south of Hef
lin, near which place a dozen buildings
were wrecked.
The path of the storm presents a ter
rible scene of havcc. Timbers of
wrecked houses are scattered in every
direction. Some were carried high into
the air and others were driven deep
into the ground" or through trees. Many
head of cattle were killed. One dead
cow was found with a shingle driven
through her back. But for the fact
that the country over which the storm
passed is sparsely settled the loss of
life would have been much greater.
There were many marvelous escapes.
J H. Cason and wife were blown
through a window as their house was
falling and after the storm found
themselves in a field a hundred yards
away, both badly hurt.
and that It had been only to avoid a pub
lic scandal greater than the Dreyfus af
fair that he has been unpunished.
TELLURIDE OhE IN THE
REPUBLIC DISTRICT
Assays Show a Yield of Nearly Nine
teen Thousand Dollars to
the Ton.
TACOMA, March 19.— sensation has
been caused in the New Republic mining
district over the discovery of telluride ore
in several claims, all located in the north
west part of Republic district. -Wonder
fully rich telluride was found last week
in the Flag Hill claim, one of whose own
ers, H. J. Armstrong, has a certificate of
assay showing the value of the telluride
samples assayed to be $18,987 a ton. Tel
luride Is always found in very small quan
tities. First a thin streak of telluride was
seen, which widened into an inch and is
still widening. • The ore is similar to that
that first made Cripple Creek celebrated.
Stage Robber Suspect.
WOODLAND, March 19.— Fred Wilson,
arrested here to-day by Sheriff Griffin on
suspicion of attempted stage robbery in
Jackson. Amador County, on February 7,
tallies exactly with the description of the
robber. He is known to be an ex-convict.
A reward of $1500 was offered by the State
and the Wells-Fargo Company.. ...
Dr. Knapp Heard From.
LONDON, March 19— Rev. Dr. Knapp,
former principal of Queens College, N. F.,
? who mysteriously disappeared from his
! residence in Bright House, West York
i shire, on January 28 last, writes to his
j friends in this country that he has
' reached New York on a sailing vessel.
stone. Archbishop Riordan's reply put
the vast congregation in a happy hu
mor after the disappointment following
the abandonment of the parade. "She
Archbishop said while the privilege of
going to the site would have been a
blessing the copious rainfall was even
a more general one and the people
would all rejoice at the evident favor
of Providence to the State. The event
which called the people together to-day
was worthy of all praise. Father O'Con
nor had been enabled to begin the work
through the generous contributions of
Major J. D. Peters, Miss Julia Weber
and Mrs. D. Loaeier. The lesson should
not be lost. In these days, when so
much is heard of antagonism between
the rich and poor, it was Christianlike
for those blessed with wealth to remem
ber that they were only God's stewards
and must render an accounting of their
stewardship. That two such classes
would always exist seemed to be a di
vine law, and it remained for those who
were well-favored to ! act with their
GHOUL CAPTURED
IN A CEMETERY
Body-Snatcher Taken
at Portland.
THE CULPRIT ONLY A BOY
BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN EN
GAGED BY PHYSICIANS.
Men of Medicine Seek to Learn the
Exact Cause of Mrs. #
Grace Trevor's
Dea£h.
■ — -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., March 19.— The ar
rest of Elmo Call on the charge that
he attempted to rob the grave of Mrs.
Grace Ethel Trevor, wife of W. H. G.
Trevor of Seattle, has created great ex
citement here. Mrs. Trevor died while
undergoing an operation for cancer in a
Seattle hospital, and it was feared
physicians of that city who maintained
that the woman was not afflicted with
the malady for which she was treated
would endeavor to steal the body to
prove their claims. In order to prevent
this, two men were employed to watch
the grave at St. Mary's Catholic Ceme
tery, East Side, for three days. On the
Very first night that vigilance was re
laxed the sexton discovered that an at
tempt had been made to exhume the
body. Call, who was found near the
grave at the time, was placed under
arrest. '.?<? : ?
It was early this evening when the
sexton's attention was attracted by the
disordered condition of the Trevor
grave while on a tour of inspection.
Approaching more closely, he saw that
the flowers with which It was covered
at the time of the interment were re
moved, and that nearly two feet of
earth had been thrown out. In the
soft mud at the bottom of the excava
tion were found footprints, but, on at
tempting to follow them, they were lost
in the grass near by. A spade lay
near, where it evidently had been
dropped by the grave robber in making
his escape. — «..__- ,
The sexton found young Call loitering
near the gate. On bein- questioned,
the boy admitted that he had been dig
ging in the cemetery, saying that other
boys had told him to do so. The sex
ton spent no time looking for the
"other boys," but immediately went to
his house near by with the youth in his
custody and telephoned for the police.
Chief of Police McLauchlan is of the
opinion that Call, who seems to be
mentally unbalanced, had been prompt
ed to dig in the grave by some one who
was after the body, and a search for
the real culprit, whoever he may be,
has been instituted. A watch has been
placed on the grave and will be kept
up until the body may be placed in a
burglar-proof vault. ■ *_
The police authorities in Seattle have
been notified and will make an investi
gation there to learn, if possible, who
the phvslcians were who were so anxi
ous to' prove that Mrs. Trevor's death
was the result of unprofessional ex
perimenting. - '
AUSTRIA IS NOT
SEEKING A QUARREL
Claims Growing Out of the Shooting
at Hazelton Will Not Be
Pressed.
LONDON, March 20.— Vienna cor
respondent of the Standard, referring to
the recent editorial allusions by the
Politsche Correspondenz to the Hazelton
shooting, and its announcement that the
Austrian Foreign Minister intends to
press the "just claims advanced in behalf
of Austrian subjects," says:
"I have reason to believe that the Aus
trian Government has not the slightest
intention to seek a quarrel with the
United State*. The press, however, is
wealth so as to mitigate the condition
of the unfortunate.
This was to be a home for old men,
regardless of race or creed. "Charity
knows no race or creed," declared the
Archbishop. He hoped to later see an
old women's home, and humorously
suggested that In starting the present
one first Father O'Connor, and Major
Peters were looking out for their old
age.
In conclusion the Archbishop com-*
mended the work and praised those
who were carrying It forward.
When Father O'Connor arose to say
a few words he was greeted with ap
plause. He referred briefly and mod
estly to his efforts. The children sang
another anthem and the band brought
the meeting to a close with the national
air.
At a later date and under more fa
vorable auspices the stone will be put
Into place and the usual documents de
posited therein. The work on the home
will go forward as rapidly as possible.
BOLIVIA'S REVOLUTION
IS GAINING GROUND
Special Cable to The Call and the New
York Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by
James Gordon Bennett.
LIMA, March 19.— The revolu
tion in Bolivia is gaining
ground, and President Alonzo
dare not stir. In the department
of Oruro negotiations for peace
have been suspended.
Hoods ln Peru have destroyed
many houses and considerable
parts of the railway at Tombo
mora.
constantly accusing the Government of
neglecting Its duty in the Hazelton affair,
and the Government will not let the
matter drop until Count Goluchowskl (the
Austro-Hungarian Foreign Minister) gets
an opportunity to explain to the delega
tions that the standpoint of the American
Government, indicated by the latter's
note of February 4. is legally and morally
incontrovertible, though the Sheriff of
Latimer might have waited longer bofore
giving the order to fire on the excited
strikers."
"OOM PAUL" WANTS
PLENTY OF DYNAMITE
Believes the Transvaal Should Re-
tain Possession of the
Monopoly.
j PRETORIA, March 19.— President Kru
-1 ger In an important speech at Heidelberg
on Friday emphasized the necessity of the
State retaining the dynamite monopoly,
because, as he argued, the South African
republic, being an inland State, in the
event of trouble with any of the powers,
its supplies of explosives might other
wise be suddenly cut off.
"Where should we then be?" he ex
claimed.
He announced his intention to modify
the mining laws and to reduce the period
entitling an applicant to full burghership
from fourteen io nine years' residence.
For the Military Tournament.
NEW YORK. March 19.— The Third
United States Cavalry troop which is to
take part in the military games of the
Military Athletic League, which begin?
in Madison-square - Garden to-morrow,
arrived at the garden to-day from Fort
Ethan Allen. The troop is commanded
by Captain George A. Dodd, and consists
of sixty-six men with horses. They wi..
be quartered in the garden during the
tournament. Light Battery F of the
Fifth Artillery arrived at the garden
from Fort Hamilton in the afternoon, in
command of Lieutenant McCluskey. The
track on which the athletic events will
be contested was completed to-night.
Jones and Fletcher Improving.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The condi
tion of Senator Jones of Arkansas re
mains favorable and his physicians report
that he is doing fairly well. Ex-Governor
Fletcher of Missouri had a good day,
with his condition slightly improved.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-H— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B— B-
ft HE WAS A
A WRECK!
\^^%s/__f__r* ,1 F. J. Martinetti writes March 4th, Nevada
' rf^T -P W City. Cal.: "Before using your Belt I was noth-
> »A^& "\ if Ing but a wreck, without any energy whatever,
ffM^MF^ ~F *5 and to-day I am strong and as well as any
IwX-* \ man."
J^f/I MY ELECTRIC BELT
T i V I Takes the place of sickening physic and doc-
•a^lf^-*- ' A \ \ tors' bills. It is the greatet of all remedies for
)^l|pg /.- w j Kidney and Stomach Troubles, Rheumatism,
>^||§g$ jf^V fl Debility and Nervous Diseases. It has cured
nIIIII§-* il^% 1 I' hundreds and thousands of sufferers, and they
N *s§tSSS ***_i. ..;;•;■?;: are glad to speak of their recovery for the
guidance of others.
DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIN, send for my book.
702 Market St., cor. Kearny. S. F. "THREE CLASSES OF MEN,"
Or 204V4 South Broadway, Los Angeles. _.___.—,
Office hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m. ; Sundays. IT IS MAILED FREE
10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
TROOPS- TO QUELL
MEXICAN RIOTERS
Officials Assaulted in a
Texas Town.
PESTHOUSE ' IN DISFAVOR
MOB OBJECTS TO PRECAUTIONS
AGAINST SMALLPOX.
State Health Officer Blunt Attacked
While Removing Patients to
the Place of Deten
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAREDO, Tex., March 19.— The work
of removing the smallpox patients to
the pesthouse under direction of State
Health Officer Blunt was begun this
morning. After ten had been removed
the officers encountered a mob of Mexi
cans on East Matamoras street, who
menaced them in such a manner that
the Chief of Police was telephoned for.
Marshal Joseph Barthelow and Assist
ant Marshal Nye Idar hurried to the
scene, and when they attempted to ar
rest the leaders of the disturbance they
were assaulted with stones and fired on.
Idar was knocked down and severely
beaten about the head before he could
be rescued. One of the rioters was
shot, but, aided by his friends, man
aged to escape. About twenty shots
were fired, a dozen arrests made and
the mob dispersed.
The health officers resumed their
work, but were soon met by another
mob of 500 or 600 Mexicans, many of
them armed. As they could not con
tend with this force the health officers
desisted and Dr. Blunt opened tele
graphic communication with Governor
Sayers. As a result he was instructed
to call on the United States military au
thorities at Fort Mcintosh in the name
of the Governor for such assistance as
was necessary, and later he was in
formed that the War Department had
telegraphed authority to use troops.
The Mexicans are much excited and
express contempt for the negro United
States soldiers.
COPPER MINING ON
ALASKA'S COAST
Extensive Ledges Being Developed
Between Orcas and
Valdez.
TACOMA, March 19.— The country about
the mouth of Copper River, Alaska, is
likely to become famous for copper mines.
Great ledges of copper have been found
on tidewater between Orca and Valdez.
The most important ledge was discovered
last summer by Noah O'Connell and since
sold to a Tacoma syndicate, which is
shipping ore to the Tacoma smelter.
This ledge, the Copper Queen, was un
covered by glacial action for 3000 feet
from tidewater, and runs thence into a
bluff which rises 1000 feet. The ledge is
four feet wide, extending upward twelve
feet above tidewater. An almost inex
haustible amount can thus be mined with
out driving shafts or tunnels. The ore
runs $60 to the ton, containing 28 per cent
copper and $20 in gold.
Other ledges have been located and are
being developed by men who claim they
are working for a syndicate of Standard
OH stockholders. An English syndicate
is represented by Mining Expert Llewel
lyn Williams of London. ;*•
AGED WOMEN ATTACKED
BY A NEGRO BOY
One Beaten to Death and the Other
Clubbed So Badly That She
Will Die.
UPPER MARLBORO. Md., March 19.—
Mary A. Clark, aged 52. was beaten to
death and her sister, Annie Clark, aged
45, was fatally beaten last night at Bowie,
Md., a village near this place, by John
Berry, a 15-year-old negro boy. The deed
was an atrocious one, the aged and de
fenseless women being surprised by the
boy and literally beaten to a jelly with a
club. Miss Annie Clark saved herself
from instant death by promising to give
the boy $100 and pledging herself not to
betray him if he spared her life. Berry
was arrested and confessed his guilt. For
fear that he would be lynched he was
taken to Baltimore to-night for safe
keeping.
Minister Dudley a Guest.
LIMA. Peru, March 19.— Irving B. Dud
ley, United States Minister to Peru, and
Richard R. Neill, secretary of the United
States Legation, were guests at a banquet
given to-day by Messrs. Garland and La
Rosa, the Peruvian delegates at the re
cent Philadelphia congress, to Mr. Schoff,
the representative of the Commercial Mu
seum. Among others present were Senor
Canadamo, President of the Peruvian
Senate; Senor Aspillaga. president of the
Agricultural Society; Senor Payan, man
ager of the Banco de Peru y Londres,
and Senor Quesada, editor of El Com
merclo. *_
Shoots His Wife and Himself.
CHICAGO, March 19.— Charles L. Back
man, an engraver, to-day shot and mor
tally wounded his wife. He then sent a
bullet Into his own breast, dying almost
instantly. Backman and his wife had
been separated for some time. A quarrel,
resulting from Mrs. Backman's decision
not to live with her husband, culminated
in the shooting.
Accepts Egleston's Gift.
PARIS, March 19.—An official decree
just issued authorizes the School of Mines
in this city to accept the gift of $5000 of
fered in February of last year by Dr.
Thomas Egleston, emeritus professor of
mineralogy and metallurgy of the School
of Mines, New York.
34
MONDAY MARCH 20, 1899
'•; JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1568.
. EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Ccpies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mai!.* .-.eluding Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.0p
DAILY CALL i lncluding Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ° °
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I'oo1 ' 00
All postmasters are authorized to receivo subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded *o*hen requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE TT 37. 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE... Room 18S. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ..Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bnlldlng
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 ;
o'clocK- 615 Larkln street, open unttl 9*30 o'clock- \
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana j
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Rob Roy."
Lira*!.! Opera— "Lea Huguenots."
Tivoli— "The Mikado. "
Alcazar — "Nerves."
Orphtur.i — Vaudeville.
Alhambra— "La Belle Marie."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streeta. Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. v.* Bouderback— This day, at 10:30 a- m. and 2:30 p.
m.. Turkish Bugs, at 123 Geary street.
By Jos. T. Terry-Monday. March 20, at 11 o'clock, at 419
Hyde" street, Furniture. •
By Yon Khe in & Co.— Thursday, March 23, at 12 m., Real
Estate at 513 California street.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co. Monday. March 27, at 12 o'clock
in., at. 11 Montgomery street, Real Estate.
LTRADE here AND elsewhere.
BUSINESS throughout the country at large is
keeping the pace set a year ago with the regu
larity of a walking beam. There is no halt any
where. The movement of goods is the greatest ever
known, and from present indications bids fair to con
tinue so. With the exception of iron and steel, no
industry or branch of trade is conspicuously active,
but the whole situation is one of remarkable life. The
export to foreign countries shows no general abate
ment. True, the exports of breadstuffs, provisions,
cotton and oil fell off $6,000,000 in February, but those
of manufactured goods . were $5,200,000 larger than
during the same month last year, and were sufficient
to cover 60 per cent of the imports. The iron trade
continues to lead all others. Nine-tenths of the mills
are now engaged, and will be until August, on orders
taken months ago, before the current rise in prices
took place. Late buyers have to pay fancy quotations
to get their orders accepted at all. Against this rosy
picture, however, is the already noted loss of consid
erable foreign business on account of the sharp ad
vance in prices and the withdrawal of not a few orders
for the future. It is therefore possible that the iron
industry is too prosperous for its permanent good.
Time will tell. . ;
The failures last week were 189, against 208 for the
same week last year. The bank clearings showed a
gain of 42.9 per cent, and Kansas City and New Or
leans were the only two cities of any size exhibiting
a decrease. The heaviest gains were 55 per cent in
New York and 113.5 per cent in Baltimore. The ap
proach of spring has quickened the demand for dry
goods, millinery, clothing and footwear, and these
lines are reported very active. But per contra, wool
and cotton are dull and the latter has declined in spite
of bad' crop reports. The exports of flour and wheat
are slightly in excess of 1898. The lumber trade con
tinues active, with a marked scarcity in hards woods.
.The feeling in Wall street was bearish, especially
during the early part of the week, the fear of higher
money having led to more or less selling, under the
influence of which prices declined somewhat. Other
wise the market was without feature.
Of course the rain was the feature of the local situ
ation last week. It brightened things tip wonderfully.
It. came in the nick of time. Most sections of the
State could have held out a few days longer, and the
northern coast counties probably could have matured
a fair crop as it was, but the major portion of the
State needed rain at once. The situation had got to
that point where capital sirftply withdrew from the
market until the State got into better shape. But as
soon as it was fully known that the State had received
a good wetting down there was an immediate loosen
ing of money, which has already become apparent.
The situation has cleared to this extent that even
without any more rain we shall have a fair crop, pro
vided the north winds hold off; for a fierce north wind
can dry up the ground and wither a healthy crop in
two days, besides playing havoc with fruit. There is
no reason, however, to suppose that we will not get
the usual spring showers, in which case the harvest of
the State will be large.
It was generally expected that a marked decline in
the price of many products would follow a rain, but
such has not proved the case. Wheat and barley
futures went down rapidly, and spot wheat also fell
off, but spot barley declined a mere fraction, almost
immediately recovering. Small supplies kept hay,
beans, potatoes, fruits, etc.. firm in the face of the rain,
for the truth is we were getting pretty short of these
products and will be well cleaned up by the time the
new crops come in.
The coming week may see more or less fluctuation
in quotations of produce. There will be a readjust
ment to the new conditions. Some lines will probably
go down and others up. Beef is already steadier, as
the starting up of the green feed will enable stockmen
to hold on to their cattle, which means diminished
shipments to this market now, but larger shipments
later on in the season. It generally takes some days,
however, for the readjustment to become marked.
At any rate, the prospects of the State to-day are im
measurably better than they were this day last week
and much better than at this time last year.
"What the Smart Set Said and Did" is the cap :
tion over a lot . of dry rot in a contemporary.
Judged by this stuff the real smart set consists ; of
people who. had sense enough to keep their mouths
shut. «
If there is a white man directing the military forces
of the Filipinos this characteristic applies alone to
his skin.
Police in Havana have lost prestige. It is their
own fault. They are provided with? clubs.
THE REPUBLICAN VICTORY.
THE closing scenes in the Legislature were re
volting to every citizen who respects his State
and loves his country. The feeling of disgust,
however, is limited to the legislators who co-operated
with the railroad iv its efforts, helped by the Exam
iner, to elect Dan Burns and to destroy the prestige
of the Republican party in this State, so as to insure
Democratic success in 1900. These men exhibited the
audacity and the recklessness of detected criminals of
the violent type. One of the Senators, in the extrem
ity of his passion because the majority of his Repub
lican associates respected themselves and their party,
literally screamed that his candidate was "the Re
publican of Republicans,", and compared his defeat
to the assassination of Caesar. The intellectual differ
ence between Burns and Caesar is about as wide as
the chasm of ages between 'the two incidents which
were thus ridiculously compared, but there was one
point of analogy, namely, that Brutus killed Caesar
for inflicting the last destructive blow on republican
Rome. Another Senator, who had not received the
disgraceful notoriety to which he considered himself
entitled, bawled out, "I am for the Southern Pacific,
and I don't care who knows it."
In the exuberance of their disappointment a num
ber of the supporters of Burns almost tumbled over
each other and frothed at the mouth as they dictated
their own political . epitaphs. Senator Davis, how
ever, whose poise and whose courage in standing up
for political integrity were superb, on behalf of him
self and his fellows, who defeated Dan Burns, the
railroad and the Examiner, expressed the actual con
clusion of the whole matter in these telling words:
"We will go home to our people with the clear con
science of men who have done our duty. We will go
back and tell them that the candidacy of Daniel M.
Bums was not acceptable to the honest men of the
Republican party, and if you think, gentlemen, that
we have hurt the grand old organization by rejecting
such as he, then I tell you you are mistaken, and we
have saved the party from disgrace."
The Examiner of yesterday conspicuously displayed
its intimate relations with the discomfited conspira
tors. It published an exclusive communication from
Dan Burns, in which that extinguished politician in
effect assigned his own rejection as the reason for the
failure to elect a Federal Senator. In a capitalized
editorial, consisting mainly of congenial epithets,
that truculent journal speaks of the "disgrace" of the
Legislature "as the opportunity of the Democracy."
But, fortunately for the Republican party, while thirty
members committed political suicide the Legislature
was not disgraced, and the opportunity coveted by
the railroad and the Examiner has lapsed. The Call
has a little natural pride in having taken a conspicuous
part in redeeming the pledges and in vindicating the
integrity of the Republican party and in upholding
the honor of the State. The railroad was beaten and
its falsehood rebuked. The Examiner was beaten and
branded as a traitor to every sound principle it has
avowed. Dan Burns was killed and his political
corpse prepared for interment. It is true that the life
of the Legislature was prolonged until after the
church organs began their solemn appeals on the
first day of the week, and that until the gavels fell the
mirror of hope was still dimmed by the breath of
corruption. But the obsequies of the joint convention
were final, and when, after their completion, the mid
night bells of Saturday tolled they inaugurated a new
day, in which' the citizens of this great State were
enabled to welcome the rising sun with the enthusi
asm of the Aztecs. When, as the adjournment was
announced, the last vestige of uncleanness vanished
from the legislative halls the gathered congregations
of California may well have thanked God for relief
and the Lenten season has been enlivened by a senti
ment of exultation.
THE BOUNTIFUL R^INS.
BY reason of the profuse rains, followed by mild
weather, California is» virtually assured of a
year of prosperity, and her people already feel
the effects of the assurance. There will now be a
greater energy and activity, because of a greater
hopefulness in work, and all lines of industry will be
gin to improve.
During the season of uninterrupted sunshine, when
it seemed that another dry year was before us, and
that our crops would be small, some of our Puget
Sound contemporaries condoled with us in words of
sympathy. At the same time, however, they argued
that their own communities would lose nothing by
our calamity, and therefore while they felt a true sor
sow in our loss, they showed no signs of weeping
enough to furnish us with irrigation. ,
One of their most frequent comments on the situa
tion was that as California would have no wheat and
very little fruit to export, the demand of the Pacific
Oce&n countries for such articles would have to go to
Washington to obtain supplies, and as a consequence
the commerce of the Pacific would center at Puget
Sound ports, and San Francisco, despite her wealth,
her population and her energy, would become sub
ordinate as a trading center and be known on the
coast chiefly as a pleasure resort.
Doubtless there was some foundation for the argu
ment. The interests of every commercial city are
largely dependent upon the prosperity of the country
back of it. San Francisco would have lost much by
a drought in* the interior, and has therefore as valid
reason as any farming district to rejoice in the boun
tiful rains that have fallen to save the State from the
threatened disaster of short crops and our good
friends of Puget Sound from the wear and tear upon
their sympathies. .'_,,_.
Once more California has shown the world that she
has not only a good climate throughout the year,. but
also the sort of weather that is needed to render such
a climate suitable to industry as well as to pleasure.
We have had a winter of elysian brightness, and now
we have had the rains needed to nourish all forms of
life. We shall have wheat enough to supply a .large
part of the Oriental demand and fruit enough to sup
ply epicures in Washington with something delicious
and luscious when they tire of their • own water
logged and mildewed stuff.
The whole aspect of affairs has been changed during
the week past and almost every prospect brightened.
The rains have turned the crisis in our favor and
saved the situation. Moreover, there remain two
months of showers before the clouds pass away from
the sky and dry summer days are at hand. Within
those months we may now reasonably expect pro
pitious weather. The outlook is bright for us,
and to all our sympathizing neighbors we return
their kind condolences with thanks, having no further
use for them. -.
ORIGINAL YELLOW LITERATURE.
THE Examiner-Journal or, Journal-Examiner, as
the Asiatic twins that desire to inundate the
United States with cheap labor are called, has
made some original discoveries. It found out that
the Federal constitution had been "outgrown" before
the expression was used. It also ascertained that we
were not to be "tied to the apron strings" of the
framers and the expounders of that instrument, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
prevailing error as to the sex of whom was thus for
the first time disclosed. It afterward' underscored its
originality by calling Senator Hoar and; other
acknowledged statesmen and jurists who agreed with
him "old women."
At various times it has published for the benefit of
the rising generation elementary treatises on the best
modes of perpetrating crimes such as murder, forgery,
embezzlement and burglary. It has also furnished
much educational matter illustrating the N rise and
progress of pruriency. Yesterday it supplied a strik
ing novelty by turning a woman, convicted of having
poisoned her lover's wife, into a Judge. Mrs. Minnie
Adams, having been placed on her preliminary ex
amination for murder, the Examiner obtained from
Mrs. Botkin an "authorized statement" to the effect
that she believes Mrs. Adams "innocent," but con
siders that "police methods are against her." In
cidentally the sentenced woman who , has survived
the ordeal the other woman is about to undergo re
fers to her own conviction as "a judicial farce" and
informs an expectant community that if she had only
known as much as she does now she could have pur
chased her freedom. ♦
Expansion evidently takes on many phases, but we
would be glad to learn whether this latest development
is to be classified under the head of '"national policy"
or of "internal policy." Some old fogies among our
citizens might change a letter, in the last quotation and
call it "infernal policy."
THE RUMORS OBOUT REED.
WITH a persistency bom, perhaps, of a sheer
lack of ability to invent something new, our
Democratic contemporaries are circulating ru
mors of Speaker Reed's hostility to the : President
and of the President's determination to bring about
the election of. a supporter of the administration to
the Speakership of the next Congress.
The known opposition of the Speaker to some of
the masures advocated during the recent session of
Congress affords the only foundation for the rumors.
There is no evidence that the Speaker used the powers
of his office to defeat any bill which the administration
thought important to the welfare of the country, nor
is there any evidence that the administration backed
any of the bills which were defeated in committee or
in the House whether by reason of the Speaker's
antagonism or not.
The war with Spain imposed upon the late Congress
a vast amount of work outside the ordinary routine
of legislation. The performance of that work was
imperative, and as a consequence the consideration of
the less pressing measures of peace had to be post
poned. As a result there has been a good deal of
disappointment, and the disappointed people have
assumed that their bills and hopes were defeated be
cause of the opposition of the Speaker.
Out of the situation there has come a desire on the
I part of some of the discontented members of Con
! gress to elect in the next Congress a Speaker whom
i they believe would be more favorable to their bills.
These people have very cunningly sought to create
the impression that the President is on their side, and
the Philadelphia Record claims to have authority for
the assertion that the rumors about the hostility of
the administration to the Speaker were started solely
to test public opinion and determine whether a move
ment to depose him would be popular.
The results of the test have been sufficient to con
vince all intelligent men of the firm hold the Speaker
| has upon the Republicans of the country. The Demo
i cratic organs for partisan purposes. have done and are
j doing all in their little way to keep the rumors cir
! culating and to stir up dissensions over them, but
thus far with but slight effect. Tlie Chicago Inter
Ocean is about the. only notable Republican news
paper which has declared against the Speaker, and
that paper under its present management is not the
influential organ it was a few years ago.
All these rumors of impending strife over the next
Speakership may be dismissed as idle tales. The Re
publican party is not going to be divided in 1900.
Tom Reed will be duly elected Speaker as soon as
Congress assembles, and the election will be in har
mony with the policy of the administration and the
sentiment of the people.
The geat fire at New York is said to have originated
through the throwing of a lighted match into a lace
curtain. Perhaps this is correct, but it seems doubt
ful. Why should any such complete and abject idiot
as one capable of this trick have been permitted at
large?
The farmers are perfectly willing to concede that
prayer brought the rain, and if they have any plaint it
is that the plan was not earlier put into operation. It
would have saved much fretting.
Sometimes the police are too officious. They pre
vented the killing of Butcher Becker of Chicago after
he had confessed to having slain his wife with a
hatchet and burned her body in the stove.
Most of the burglars who have been caught recently
in this city have been captured by women. Perhaps
the same women would have fainted at sight of a
mouse, but no matter.
. . - „
Whitelaw Reid is spoken of as a probable Minister
to Spain. He may appreciate the honor of. the ap
pointment, but he must not expect any bouquets.
The only thing that prevents the "contests" inaugu
rated by the evening papers from being nuisances is
the fact that few people become aware of them.
Mr. Kipling refuses to make public the personal
messages of sympathy sent him, thus strengthening
the general belief that he is a gentleman.
The man who hanged himself on account of the
drought was merely an exemplification of the fact that
there is little gained by being in a hurry.
There is much unnecessary talk about some man
to succeed Alger. What that unknown man needs
more than anything else is a vacancy.
"The Reichstag presumes to think itself bigger than
the Kaiser. There is one man who does not indorse
this wicked view.
-There are men who work for salary to whom the
penalty of suspension for six years on full pay would
not be a grief.
By the execution of the Filipinos it may be judged
that some Yankee has unloaded a lot of toy guns on
the islanders. 4 ■
Cosper got over in the Burns corral tardily, but
there was an understanding that all the time he wanted
to be there. ,
When a question of veracity arises between Stein
man -and- General Barnes it really is not much of a
question.
As. the Government is reported to intend setting a
trap for Aguinaldo, we suggest that the bait be a $2
bill. -a.-.
And Burns was certain that he would be elected on
the third ballot! ■
SOME MOTHER LODE MINING.
- A strike of wonderfully rich ore in the
old Central Eureka mine, now being re
worked by a San Francisco company, was
made a few days ago to the excitement of
many stockholders. Ore studded heavily
with free gold estimated to run anywhere
from $500 to $5000 a ton was suddenly run
into at a depth of 1180 feet. The extent of
the ore will not be known for some time,
but it may easily mean great things for
the Central Eureka and for the whole
mother lode. AA.*A>y.'A
The flnd was made in sinking the shaft
on the incline following the hanging wall
through the gouge. Between the gouge*
and the hanging wall quartz bearing free
gold was encountered, and a blast was
put in, loosening about half a ton of rock
fairly yellow with gold. It was seen that
the shaft had cut the feather" edge of an
ore body which extended back from the
shaft along the hanging wall. Within the
limits of the shaft the layer of rich quartz
widened from one to over four Inches. To
know whether it was a small pocket or a
big ore body would require drifting on it.
It was decided to continue sinking sixty
feet further and then to drift, and until
these explorations are made nothing more
will be known. The slice of this unmeas
ured body of. ore cut off by the shaft is
probably the' richest rock encountered on
the mother lode in a good many years, ex
cept for occasional narrow seams in
quartz.
The find recalls interesting history. The
mine lies next to the Eureka mine, once
the Amador Consolidated. It was the Eu
reka that gave Alvinza Hayward his first
millions twenty-five years or more ago.
The Eureka produced $20,000,000 in Its day.
When Hayward sold the mine it went to
Michael Reese and then to the Amador
Consolidated Mining Company, of which
David Colton of railroad fame became
president and in whose hands the mine
died. In 1870 it was the deepest and great
est mine on the lode, running seventy-five
stamps and paying $155,400 in dividends
that year. Two costly fires in the mine
and other troubles resulted in the aban
donment of operations in the 70s at a
depth of 2200 feet. It has for some years
been mainly owned by Hetty Green, who
will use it for nothing but storing water.
Many efforts have been made to get Het
ty to bond or sell,' but she will neither
reopen the famous old mine nor let any
body else do so.
The Central Eureka joining it was the
old Summit mine, abandoned twenty
years ago at a depth of 700 feet. In 1569
one chimney of ore yielded $30,000 at from
$16 to $32 a ton. Another ore body yielded
$140,000. Financial and other difficulties
and the cost of mining and milling in
those days led to abandonment, and it
joined the list of "worked out" mines
that are now becoming great again.
Three years ago E. R. Randall of the
Wakelee Drug Company got up a com
pany to buy the property for $37,000 and
to sink to lower levels on the strength of
the knowledge and faith developed In re
cent years that mother lode mines carry
values at depths, and if the ledge pinches
out it will be found again below, and on
the strength of the record of the adjoin
ing Eureka. Many San Francisco and
Sutter Creek people subscribed for stock
and have to date paid 22 cents per share
in assessments and spent $125,000 in buy
ing the property, exploring upper levels
and sinking 400 feet below the old work
ings. The recent find is the first one of
importance, and it will stimulate faith in
sending that shaft down. A few weeks
ago stock was picked up at 2 cents a
share. A. Van der Naillen Jr. of this city
got rid of 1000 shares for $10 and escaped
further assessments. Last week $1 50 a
share was paid for stock unuer stress of
the strike. ■___ _ . ;-
E. C. v oorhies of Sutter Creek, who
owns a few thousand of the 400,000 shares,
brought down some of the rock and much
enthusiasm the other day.
"I showed the rock to Alvinza Hay
ward," he said, *' and his opinion is that
it is the same rich rock that came out of
the Badger shaft in the Eureka close by.
Such a find means further confidence in
deep mining in the mother lode, the ad
vertising of -the lode, increase in deep
mining and the production of millions.
Some communities would make a great
blow about such a find, but nobody ever
does any ...owing about the mother lode."
The mother lode is constantly showing
that mining its gold has hardly fairly be
gun. The Gwin, another of those old
"worked out" properties, is getting to be
a bigger thing every month under the
enterprising operations of E. C. Voorhies
and his associates, who took the old
property and risked a 1400-foot shaft on
faith. During the past week the Gwin
company contracted for an additional
forty stamps for its mill, doubling its
capacity.
"The ore body on the 1200-foot level is
21 feet thick and all average milling ore,"
said Mr. Voorhies. "On the 1400 level the
ore body is 1500 feet long, and still length
ening, with an average width of 12 feet,
! and all pay ore." y.
One of the most Important strikes of the
week was made in the Oneida mine, Ama
dor County, where a fine ore body has
been found in the 1750 level. Thomas
Mem and the London Exploration Com
pany have been spending a fortune in de
veloping this old mine with a great past,
and there is every promise that the story
of the Kennedy, Argonaut, Gwin and
other mother lode properties opened at
depth will be repeated. The Oneida joins
the Kennedy on the north.
THE BIG ARGONAUT-KENNEDY BAT
TLE FOR MOTHER LODE RICHES.
Mining men are greatly interested in the
Argonaut-Kennedy suit, in which Judge
Nicol of the Superior Court of Calaveras
County rendered an important decision
last week granting the Argonaut claims to
mining ground trespassed on by the Ken
nedy company and giving the plaintiff
judgment for about $115,000, the net value
of. ore extracted by the Kennedy com
pany. , , .
The case is an interesting example of
the working of the American law of
extralateral rights, the Kennedy lying on
the north of the Argonaut, which is the
old Pioneer mine so successfully reopened
by San Francisco capitalists. The two
claims lie along the same main vein of the
mother lode in Amador County, the
Oneida joining the Kennedy on the north.
The vein dips to the east at an angle of
about 60 degrees and hence soon passes
with depth beyond the side lines of the
claims. Joining the Argonaut and Ken
nedy claims on the east and also joining
each other are the Argonaut and Kennedy
mill sites. The inclined vein passes un
der these mill sites in which open the
shafts of the respective mines. The terri
tory for some distance to the east is cov
ered with quartz claims under which the
main ledge descends, these claims cover
ing other and minor veins. The Kennedy
and Argonaut companies, of course, may
follow into any ground beyond their own
side lines, the vein having its apex or top
within the surface boundaries of their
claims, but keeping within their own end
lines projected downward. *
A thousandfeet or so east of the Ar
gonaut and Kennedy claims is the Silva
mine, a small patented claim owned by
the Kennedy company. The inclined Ken
nedy shaft in Its great depth of 2000 feet
passes clear under the Silva ground,
reaching the line of its western side at
1550 feet. The line separating the Argo
naut and Pioneer patented claims passes,
when projected, through the Silva claim.
The Argonaut shaft descends on the in
cline parallel to the Kennedy shaft and
but about 500 feet south of it. The Argo
naut shaft in following the main vein
downward also passes under the Silva
claim. It is as to the right of the Ken
nedy people to cross, within the surface
limits of their Silva claim, the projected
line of the southern boundary of the Ken
nedy mine and to extract the ore of the
main ledge there that the big legal battle
has arisen. The Argonaut people claim
the right to follow their ledge under the
Silva claim, owned by the Kennedy Com
pany. This right would ordinarily not be
disputed, of course, but the contention
arises, as in all other extralateral right
battles, from peculiar circumstances. The
side lines of the Argonaut claim are not
parallel. The projection of its- two end
lines \ would describe a wedge-shaped
form, the divergence being about fifteen
degrees. In following its 1500 feet of ledge
wherever it may lead with depth, shall
the Argonaut company follow its north
ern or its southern end line? As the rich
ore bodies worked by both companies -lie
about the northern end of the Argonaut
and the southern end of the Kennedy
claims, the Argonaut people naturally
considered only their northern boundary
_ The Kennedy shaft being several hun
dred feet deeper than the Argonaut shaft
reached the depths below the Silva claim
when the rival shaft had not. Under the
Silva boundaries the Kennedy company
ran drifts southward at various levels
i from 1250 to 1750. feet to the limits of its
claim as determined by its own surface
end line. Then it crossed the line into
the rich ore which the Argonaut people
expected to reach with their shaft one of
these days. About 5600 tons were extract
ed by the Kennedy company across the
line before its rival succeeded in stop
ping it, about four years ago. The Ken
nedy company justified its operations by
saying that as the end lines of the Argo
naut claim were not parallel the Argo
naut company had no extralateral right
to follow its vein under the property of
the Kennedy company, and that in the
absence of such a right the Kennedy com
pany was entitled to all the ledge in
closed by the side lines !of the Silva |
claim projected vertically downward. The j
Kennedy company drew a line parallel to j
tho southern instead of; the northern j
boundary of the Kennedy .claim and left |
a great wedge-shaped section ' of the i
vein in dispute. Its total value migut ex- I
ceed a million dollars. A temporary in- |
junction was Issued in 1890 and the case j
has just been decided in the Superior
Court of Calaveras County, to which it j
was transferred. The case was submitted ■
and argued on an agreed statement ot ,
facts as purely a question of law. The
chief legal point was as to the require- ;
ment that the Argonaut end lines must I
be parallel. Judge Curtis H. Lindley of ;
counsel for the Argonaut side thus states j
the effect, of the decision:
"The real point in the case was whether i
the Argonaut company had any extralat- ,
eral right by reason of the non-par- •
allelism of its end lines, inasmuch as the
Argonaut patent was issued before the
act of 1872 requiring end lines to be par
allel was passed. The court held that its j
extralateral right was determined wholly |
by the act of 1866, and that the case was |
in respects similar to the Eureka-Rich
mond case decided by Judges Field, Saw- j
yer and Hillyer and affirmed by the |
United States Supreme Court, wherein j
the doctrine was announced that end lines |
are not required to be parallel under the j
law of 1866 to conform to the provisions j
governing extralateral rights." i
The Superior Court grants a permanent ,
injunction and the Argonaut company ,
wins the net value of the ores it has lost !
and a right to the riches in dispute. The i
case will be appealed, however, and it is
agreed that the disputed ground shall be j
let alone until final judgment is given.
Some interesting information is given in
the agreed statement of facts. Between j
October 8 and December 12. IS9o, the Ken
nedy company mined 2604 tons of ore |
across the line at 1500 feet or more of I
depth. Its gross value was $62,218 4 a or
about $24 a ton. The cost of its mining
and milling, was $6119 40 or only $2 34 per
ton. The net profit on this particular ore,
taken out within sixty-four days, was ,
$56,099 55. But during the year before it
appears that the Kennedy people quietly !
worked quite a bonanza over the line, for
it is charged that 3000 tons of the gross
value of $135,000 or $45 a ton was taken out. |
The State Mining Bureau has a good
deal of important work laid out for the
next two years in view of Its appropria
tion of $50,000, besides $7000 for publishing. !
The work of issuing the Register of Mines
by counties will proceed as soon as the •
State Printer will do the work. The reg- i
isters for a number of counties are fin- \
ished There will be much delay, how- ;
ever first, because the State Printer can i
do little until July. and. second, because
when he is ready for business there wiil
be a crush of delayed work from many :
sources. Besides the register and the ac
companying county mining maps the
State Mineralogist has prepared valuable |
mans of various oil and asphalt producing
districts and some bulletins on special ,
themes. Scientific field work will also be j
resumed. —
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
George Myers, a Fresno merchant, is at
the Lick.
C N. Wilson and J. F. Burns, two Los
Angeles business men, are at the Russ.
Helen Bertram and Jessie Bartlett Da
vis the principal lady vocalists of the
Bostonians, have engaged apartments at
the Palace. •
George Warren Stealey, who has exten
sive mining interests in the Southern part
of Chihuahua, Mex., is registered at the
California, *"- : •,.'■ ' ;
W B ' Clark, a railroad man of Hart
ford" Conn., and E. M. Knox, the well
known hatter of New York, are guests at
the Palace.
William G. Leland, proprietor of the
Grand Hotel, New York City, is at the
Palace with his wife. He is a brother of
Warren Leland, proprietor of the ill fated
Windsor Hotel.
C. Warwick Simpson of London, Eng
land, who is making a tour of the world,
registered at the Palace last night. He
will leave on the next steamer for Aus
tralia to make a protracted visit.
E. A. Thayer of Pueblo, Colo., is at the
Occidental with his wife. Mr. Thayer is
proprietor of the eating houses along the
Denver and Rio Grande Railway and
owns the Hotel Glenwood at Glenwood
Springs.
E. M. Luckett, an Ogden business man;
M. M. Carrothers, a Ukiah merchant; F.
H. Ransome. a Red Bluff lumber dealer,
and George E. Wilhoit, a Stockton bank
er and land owner, are some of the ar
rivals at the Grand.
General Russell Thayer of Philadelphia
is a guest at the Occidental. General
Thayer saw service during the civil war
and is a son of ex-Judge M. Russell
Thayer of the Supreme Court of Pennsyl
vania, who resigned about two years ago.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The annual prize firing competition of
the Japanese navy will be held next
month in Hiroshima Bay. The competitors
comprise 150 gunners chosen from the
squadrons at the several naval ports, and
the guns used will be quick firers of four
and six inch calibers, at distances of from
5000 to 7000 feet at floating targets.
The new British cruiser Niobe, of 11,000
tons and 20 knots speed, is In trouble. She
was commissioned last December to re
lieve the Blake in the channel squadron,
but has ever since been prevented from
joining by a series of accidents to her
machinery. On March 1 the engines broke
down again, and her commission trial had
to be postponed for a week to make the
necessary repairs. _
The Jaguar, a composite gunboat, was
laid down at Dantzig last November. She
has twin screw engines of 1300 horse pow
er to give a speed of 13 knots, and the ves
sel is 201.5 feet length, 29.5 feet beam
and displaces 895 tons on a draught of 9
feet 9 Inches. The Jaguar is one of half
a dozen similar gunboats for the German
navy intended for service in China and on
the coast of Africa.
The German Navy Department has in
vited tenders for supplying shipbuilding
material to be delivered at the dockyard
at Stettin. The list includes oak timber,
castiron, oil, tallow and rope, and offers
from foreigners are not barred. The Brit
ish Government is frequently doing this
kind of business, but It looks rather queer
on the part of a high protection Govern
ment to adopt free trade maxims.
The British cruiser Edgar recently lost
one of her smokestacks during a storm.
Less than twenty years ago such an acci
dent would have seriously crippled a
steamship In the navy, and might have
caused her loss, but with the present ap
pliances in the boiler j room the smoke
stacks may be carried away without in
curring serious consequences, ' so long as
the fans are keeping up their work.
The British Admiralty asks for the sum
of $14,000,000 for building a dockyard and
fortress at "Wei-Hai-Wei, opposite Port
Arthur, China, which latter place has
been occupied by Russia. This reveals the
purpose of Great Britain to make "Wei-
Hal-Wei a Gibraltar of the far East, a
military and naval base of the first mag
nitude, and indicates the permanent occu
pation of this part of China by Great
Britain.
France is putting her naval base at
Blzerta into a state of formidable prepa
ration for offense and defense. Bizerta
lies about thirty-eight miles northwest
from Tunis and railways connect It with
both Tunis and Algiers, enabling a force
of 50,000 soldiers to be assembled in twen
ty-four hours at Bizerta. The shipyard
is busy constructing pontoons,- batteries
are erected and mines being laid in. the
harbor, and large supplies of coal have
been ordered.
Sentence was pronounced on February
IS at Malta on Henry Vella. late colonel
of the Royal Malta Militia, civil secretary
to the admiral superintendent and officer
of charge of expense accounts. He had
been found guilty of misappropriation of
public funds and of other offenses, but
his attorney interposed a plea of insanity
on behalf of the prisoner. Pending a med
ical examination sentence was postponed,
and when the medical experts found the
accused to be sane a sentence of thirty
months' imprisonment with hard labor
was pronounced. ■__
The Asama, armored cruiser, built at
Elswick for the Japanese navy, has been
completed. Her full power trial under nat
ural draught took place; on February 8.
when she made 20.37 knots with 13.000
horse power during a continuous run of
six hours. Two days later the forced
draught trial gave 22.07 knots with 19,000
horse power, the propellers making 158
revolutions: The Asama is 408 feet in
length, 64 feet beam and displaces 9750
tons on a draught of 24 feet 3 inches, with
a normal coal supply of 700 tons. The con
tract called for speeds of 20 and 21.2..
knots under natural and forced draught,
which were realized, although the ship's
bottom was rather foul. She is the twelfth
vessel built at Elswick for the Japanese
navy. The armor of the Asama weighs
2100 tons and consists of a belt of seven
inches Harveyized steel along the water
line— two feet above and five feet below
tapering to 3^ inches at the ends. Above
this is another five inches thick, which
reaches beyond the turrets and forms
with the ends a casemate. As a further
protection of the bow torpedo tube there
is a belt extending from the stem
twenty-five feet aft. The main deck
is of two thicknesses of one-half inch
steel and the ammunition tubes are three
inches thick. The upper deck is covered
with teak, which is practically the only
woodwork on the ship. The main arma
ment consists of four eight-inch quick
firers with six-inch Harvey steel housings.
Two of these guns are forward at an ele
vation of twenty-five feet and two aft at
a height of twenty-four feet above the
water line. Ten six-inch quick-firing guns
are carried in casemates, and four of the
same caliber on the upper deck behind
shields. .
THAT COMPROMISE.
To the Editor: Our public school teach
ers at last seem to be about to receive a
portion of their November and December
salaries. The proposition of the "mer
chant creditors" to allow them to receive
one-half month's salary will be consid
ered at a meeting of the teachers at the
Girls' High School this afternoon. The
teachers will do well to accept the olive
branch tendered by the merchants. There
undoubtedly Is right on both sides and a
mutual understanding in regard to their
differences is wise.
Unquestionably the teachers should re
ceive pay for the work performed, and
with equal justice the merchants should
receive pay for the goods delivered, and
as there is not money enough for them to
receive pay for their demands In full, they
will show good judgment in coming to
gether, and each receiving a part settle
ment. BaWm . 
While there may be some chance for tne
teachers to obtain their salaries in the fu
ture it should be remembered that the
old adage "a bird in the hand is worth
two In the bush" is just as true now as
when first uttered; besides a compromise
as offered will in no way affect the likeli
hood of the final receipt of their salaries,
unless it be that it will add to that desir
able possibility. A TEACHER.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BOOK AGENTS— P., Elmhurst, Cal.
There is no State or local restriction upon
book agents in the State of California—
that is in the way of license tax.
- UNIT?ErD STATES MlNlSTEßS—Sub
scriber, Eureka, Cal. The list of United
States Ministers abroad was published in
Answers to Correspondents February 13.
GOVERNMENT TRANSPORTS— A. S.,
Grass Valley, Cal. The crews en the
United States transports owned by the
Government are all enlisted men, but
crews on chartered transports are men in
the employ ot the owners of the vessels.
THE APOSTLES' CREED— Mrs. S. L.,"
Fresno, Cal. It is not known who pre
pared the Apostles' Creed. It was held by
many early writers that it was composed
by the Apostles themselves, who, during
their stay at Jerusalem, agreed upon it.
There is no mention in the Acts of the
Apostles, or in the writings of those who
immediately followed them, of any gath
ering of these holy men for the purpose of
formulating a creed, and had there been
such a meeting it is probable that there
would have been some record of it. Dr.
Schaff says: "Though it is not in form
the production of the Apostles, it is a
faithful compend of their doctrines, and
comprehends the leading articles of the
faith in the tribune of God and His revela
tion from the creation to the life everlast
ing in sublime simplicity, in unsurpass
able brevity, in the most beautiful order
and with liturgical solemnity."
THE BOTKIN CASE— A Reader, Oat
Hill, Cal. "Upon the presentation of the
papers in the Botkin case in the earlier
stages there was sufficient evidence to
show that a crime had been committed
and that there was reasonable ground to
suppose that the party accused had com
mitted it, but upon the presentation of
the extradition papers to Governor Budd
it was made to appear that the crime had
been committed in two States, and he had
a right to decline issuing his warrant on
the extradition papers for the reason that
the accused could be tried in either State,
and the accused was tried in this State,
found guilty and sentenced to imprison
ment for life. The warrant was not re
fused by Governor Budd on the ground
that there was not sufficient evidence to
try the accused in the State of Delaware.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'B.»
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. j •
A curious theory lately revived is that
the sap of a tree ebbs and flows in some
way in sympathy with the ocean. *vy
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO-^Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including .fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, $3 per day. Apply at 4 New*
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
A well-known specialist on ear diseases
has made the announcement that half the
deafness prevalent at the present time
can be traced to the practice of boxing
the ears of children. -j "".-.--'  ..-
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil with Hypophos-
phites is pure and palatable.
For years it has been used
for coughs and colds, for con-
sumption, for those whose
blood is thin or colorless,
whose systems are emaciated
or run down.
For children it means
health and strength, stronger
bones and teeth, and food
for the growing mind.
Baby gains in weight and
thrives when Scott's Emul-
sion is added to its milk,
50c. and ?i.oo, all drueeists. :
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New Yodt
- ■TRANSPORTS FOR
MANILA ARE TO
SAIL THIS WEEK
Cleveland Is to Get
Away To-Day.
CITY OF PUEBLA IS READY
THE CHARLES NELSON "WILL
SAIL NEXT SATURDAY.
Hill Will Load Next Week.
Commodore Baettke and the
Sloop Ma Belle Back in
Port.
The transports are being got ready for
their voyage to Manila and three or four
of them may get away this week. The
Cleveland will get away at noon to-day.
Up to Saturday night 1260 tons of cargo
had been put aboard her and 100 tons
more was to be loaded during this morn
ing. As soon as that work is done the
vessel is to sail at once. She will be fol
lowed by the Charles Nelson, Zealandla
and City of Puebla.
The Charles Nelson will go on the
Union' Iron "Works drydock to-morrow.
During the run from Seattle here she lost
one of the blades of her propeller and
a new wheel has to be put on. She will
come off the drydock Wednesday after
noon and will begin loading for the
Philippines at Mission-street wharf on
Thursday. She will take away about 900
tons of cargo and 100 soldiers and Red
Cross nurses. It is expected that the
Kelson will be loaded and ready to sail by
Saturday afternoon.
The City of-Puebla is taking on stores
at Broadway wharf and will be ready to
sail as soon as the troops who are to go
down on her arrive. She has been thor
oughly overhauled and placed in first
class condition for the voyage. The re
pairs to the Zealandia are almost com
pleted and it will not be long before she
is ready for another voyage to Manila.
The provisioning of the vessel will not
take long, and as soon as the troops for
her arrive she will be ready to sail.
All the steamers will be dispatched be
fore the Government begins loading the
"wind jammers." The British ship
Bidston Hill is now at section 3 of the
seawall and can be got ready to receive
cargo in a few hours' time. She will
carry about 3500 tons of general mer
chandise, and should make the run down
in less than fifty days at this time of the
year. It was rumored yesterday that
the British ship Leicester Castle had
also been chartered by the Government.
She avas scheduled to go to Taltal, South
America, in ballast to load nitrate for
England, but it now looks as though all
that had been changed and she was going
to accompany the Bidston Hill to
Manila. Should the vessels get anything
like c-uick dispatch at the other end, they
will be able to come back here in ballast
and still be in time for a grain charter.
The Leicester Castle is now at Lombard
street wharf, and. if the Government
takes her, will load there.
In spite of the rain there was quite
a crowd of visitors to the battle-ship
lowa yesterday. Shortly after *.' p. m.
the bay got rough, and it was almost im
possible for the launches to lie alongside
the warship, so no more visitors were
taken out. Those who went had a splen
did chance to view the battle-ship. The
"Jackies" had plenty of time on tueir I
hands and willingly showed the visitors
over the vessel. I
W. Downs, one of the handsome clerks
in the Merchants' Exchange, is bewail
ing his fate. Will is an expert on hats
and sets the fashion for the captains
and seafaring- men who go into the ex
change to get the latest reading of the
barometer. In spite of the rain Downs
appeared on 'change yesterday wearing
the choicest thing in the shape of head
gear in his wardrobe. During the rush
of business he took his hat off and laid
it on the counter, and a number of sea
faring men followed suit. The latter, af
ter reading the barometer and finding it
was steadily falling, departed for their
.vessels in order to get out fenders and
extra mooring lines. Half an hour later
Downs had to go down California street,
and when he went to put on his hat to
his horror he found that his beautiful new
tile was gone and a hat that had got two
or three batterings while rounding the
Horn had been left in Its place. Of
course the first man away took the wrong
hat, and the next one to leave finding his
gone took the best one left and so on un
■ til there was only the old-timer left for
"Will. The handsome young clerk is hop
ing against hope that the hat will turn
up again to-day.
Commodore Baettke got back from
*; Santa Cruz in the sloop Ma Belle yester
day.. He is nothing the worse for his ex
perience, and says he is going for an
other cruise to the Farallones as soon as
he makes up his lost sleep. It will oe
remembered that Baettke and a party of
Wee went for a cruise to the Farallones
lafet week. After getting outside the
•beads they were caught in a* storm and
had a very narrow escape from being
Wrecked. "They finally got the little
sloop before the wind and ran into Santa
Cruz There three of the party left the
sloop and returned to the city by train.
Baettke and the others stayed by the
Ma Belle and sailed her back to San
Max Kalish, the popular agent of the
Max Kaiish. the popular agent of the
"Humboldt Steamship Company, came
back from Seattle last Saturday. Mr.
•Kallsh will only be in the city a few
days, as the company's interests require
his presence on the Sound.
The "elephant beetle" is the largest in
eec" in the world. A full grown one
weighs about half a pound.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Letter to Mrs. Pinkham Brought
Health to Mrs. Archambo.
'.IX-TEJ. TO MSS. PINKHAM NO. 42,395]
♦- Dear Mrs. Pinkham— two
yeaiß I felt tired and so weak and dizzy
that some days I could hardly go
around the house. Backache and head-
ache all the time and my food would
»ot digest and had such pains in the
■ffo<nb°and troubled with leucorrhcea
fcod ledneys were affected.
'Sifter birth of each child I grew
weaker, and hearing so much of the
from." *<. ou had done, I wrote to you and
_■_»»•- taken six bottles of Lydia E.
Pipkhanrs Vegetable Compound, one
box o' Lozenges, one box of Liver Pills,
one nacknge of Sanative Wash, and to-
d«-y I am feeling as well as I ever did.
When I get up in the morning I feel as
_>-sh as I did when a girl and eat and
•Jeep well and do all of my work. If.,
ever I feel weak again shall know
where to get my strength. I know
medicine cured me."— Mrs. Salina
ARCHAMBO, CIIAKLKMONT, MASS.
' The present Mrs. Pinkhnm's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled; for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women a year. All women who suffer
are 1 invited to write to Mrs. Pinkham
at Lynn, Mass., for advice, which will
be promptly given without charge.
TWO HARBOR COMMISSIONERS
APPOINTED BY GOVERNOR GAGE
PARIS KILBURN and F. S. Chadbourne, the newly appointed Harbor Com
missioners, are two of the best known citizens of San Francisco. Both have
held at dlifferent times important offices under the State and Federal Gov
ernments and have always acquitted themselves with credit.
Mr Kilburn was Surveyor of the Port during the Harrison administration, and
while acting as such earned the respect and esteem of the whole shipping commu
nity After retiring from the Surveyorship he was one of the State's Bank Com
missioners but went out of office while Governor Budd was in power. His four
years' service on the water front as Surveyor of the Port should stand him in
good stead now that he has been appointed president of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners. -'■"_■-■ _.••_._
Mr Chadbourne, should he succeed Mr. Herold, will be going back to a posi
tion that he filled with honor during Governor Markham's term of office. He was
for years colonel on the Governor's staff and also paymaster of the National
Guard of California. As Harbor Commissioner he made a record for fairness
among the shipping men that will make them welcome his return. In this respect
Mr Heroic! has left nothing to be desired, and a more hard working or conscien
tious Harbor Commissioner has never sat in the board. However, if he must go
it will be because of the fortunes of politics.
NEW MEMBERS OF
PILOT COMMISSION
AMONG the last appointees named by
Governor Gage which were con
firmed by the Senate were William
G. Leaie, R. S. Alexander and
Charles H. S. Pratt as Pilot Commission
ers for San Francisco, Mare Island and
Benicia.
Leale has been master of the steamer
Caroline for many years, is an old resl-
++-&++-+-*+-&-4 »- -H, »-
W. G. LEALE.
dent of San Francisco and an able sea
man. He resides at 2004 Vallejo street.
Mr. Alexander is the senior member of
the firm of R. S. Alexander & Co., coast
agents of a Rhode Island horseshoe com
pany at 33 Steuart street. He has been
identified with the shipbuilding industry
for many years and is at present a con
tractor. He resides at San Rafael.
Captain Pratt is connected with the Pa
cific Whaling Company and is well known
around the bay. He came to the coast as
second mate on a vessel years ago.
EXPEDITION LEAVES
FOR LATUYA BAY
WILL DEVELOP RICH GOLD
PLACERS IN ALASKA.
Steamer Dora Takes Thirty Men and
Provisions for Six Months.
Tragic Death Recalled.
The steamer Dora left this port on Fri
day last for Alaska in the interest of the
Satuya Bay Gold Placer Alining Com
pany, which was lately incorporated with
a capital of $10,000,000. The directors of
the corporation are Bernard J. Stahl of
New York, president; M. Blaskower, vice
president; Louis Levison, treasurer; O.
H. Savage, secretary; Dr. Oscar J. May
er, director, the last four named being
all residents of this city. Of the first
issue of 100,000 shares all but 7000 have
been taken up. A number of offers have
been received from parties desiring
to buy the property outright. An
English syndicate offered to purchase
51 per cent of the stock and wanted an
option for ninety days, but the company
finally decided to refuse all offers and
develop the property on its own respon
sibility.
The result was the fitting out of the ex
pedition on the Dora, which was char
tered from the Alaska Commercial Com
pany. Five thousand . dollars' worth of
groceries alone were purchased, besides
a large quantity of other necessaries suf
ficient for six months. Thirty men are in
the party under contract to work on the
company's mining properties, the super
intendent being J. Adams. The steamer
also took a lot of mining machinery,
which was made in this city.
The Satuya Bay property is probably
the largest in Alaska, being ten and a
half miles in extent. Samples have been
brought out which assayed remarkably
high and .warrants the putting in of so
large a capital. -Mr. Stahl, the president
and one of the largest stockholders in the
concern, will go to Alaska in June or
July on a visit of inspection. . *
This expedition recalls the tragic death
of Lewis Myers at the burning of the
Baldwin Hotel. He was a guest at the
house and managed to carry out his
trunk with some assistance, and when
about a block away he became faint and
expired from heart failure superinduced
by the great excitement. He was secre
tary of the Satuya Bay Company, and
all "the papers relating to its formation,
deeds etc., to the mining properties were
stolen from his trunk on the sidewalk
and every vestige of his personal be
longings also disappeared. The papers,
being of no value except to the owners,
were thrown away by the thieves and
were afterward found in a tin box about
two blocks away from the scene of My
ers' death. . _
Mrs. Link Is Found. .
Nicholas Junk, a crazy subject of Em
peror Wllhelm of Germany, has been
bothering the German Embassy at Wash
ington by laying claim to the estate of
General Sutter of Coloma, in whose mill
race cold was first discovered by Mar
shall and a few days ago Chief Lees re
ceived a letter asking him to find Mrs.
t ink a daughter of Sutter, so that Junk's
claim could be effectually disposed of.
vost^rday the Chief received a letter that
Mrs. Link was living with her son, a
saloon-keeper, al Acapulco, Mexico.
Millinery Opening.
Donovan's, 1515 Polk st. Tuesday and
Wednesday. March 21-22. No caxda. •
THE SAN PEAK CISCO CAT.!;, MONDAY, MARCH SO. 1899.
PLUNDERED HIS
MASTER'S SAFE
AND ABSCONDED
JohnT. Moran Wanted
in Ilion, N. Y.
ARRESTED IN THIS CITY
WAS LIVING AT THE PALACE
HOTEL IN GREAT STYLE.
Only Sixteen Years of Age, but Had a
Great Longing to See a Little
of the Outside
World.
John T. Moran, 16 years of age, could
not resist the temptation to steal $1250
from the safe of his employer, and now he
Is on his way back to New York State to
stand trial on a charge of grand larceny.
A week ago last Friday Chief Lees re
ceived a dispatch from the Sheriff of Her
kimer County, N. V., asking him to arrest
the boy, who was heading for this city.
The chief detailed Detectives Dinan and
Reynolds on the case, and they ascer
tained that he was a guest at the Palace
Hotel. They kept watch on the hotel, and
early the following Sunday morning the
boy was arrested as he was going to his
room. He was taken to the City Prison
and locked up in the tanks. The Sheriff
was promptly notified of the arrest, and
he sent a reply that Deputy Sheriff James
Conkling had left to take the boy back.
When Moran was searched $785 was
found in his pockets. He had purchased
a bicycle for $40, a satchel for $10 and a
pair of shoes for $5. The articles had not
been delivered and the detectives got the
storekeepers to refund the money, making
a total of $840.
Moran accounted for the loss of the
other money by saying that while he was
asleep in the railroad depot in Chicago
waiting for the train some thief stole $190
from his pocket, and in Denver he pur
chased a -watch for $30. The rest of the
money he spent for railroad fare and
personal expenses. Deputy Sheriff Conk
ling arrived here Saturday, and on call
ing upon Moran in the City Prison he said
he was willing to go back without any
fuss.
He was attending school in Ilion N. V
and in his spare moments helped John
A. Giblin, a coal dealer there, to keep
his books and run messages. When asked
why he stole the money he said he saw
it in the safe with other money and could
not resist the temptation of taking it
with the object of having a good time
and seeing a little of the world. He is a
nice looking boy and is dressed in the
height of fashion. He did not appear to
realize that he had been guilty of any
serious crime and took it more as a joke
than anything else.
Deputy Sheriff Conkling left on yester
day afternoon's train for liion and Mo
ran willingly accompanied him. If he had
been here a few days longer before being
captured very little of the money would
have been left, as his tastes were ex
travagant. '
Is prepared at our brewery and is guaranteed
unequaled in quality, purity and medicinal vir
tue. ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASSN.
. ♦ .
NOONDAY MEETINGS.
Services by Brotherhood of St. An
drew in Chamber of Com
merce Hall.
During the coming week a series of
noonday meetings will be held in Cham
ber of Commerce Hall under the auspices
of the Brotherhood of St. Andrew. For
years It has been customary for the
brotherhood to hold one week's services
in the business part of the city during
the Lenten season, and this year the week
beginning to-day was selected.
The Chamber of Commerce kindly do
nated its hall, and there was no diffi
culty in securing good speakers— in fact
every Episcopal priest in the city freely
volunteered his services.
The service to-day will begin at 12:10.
There will be a brief period of nrayer.
led by members of the brotherhood, and
Bishop Moreland wil deliver a twenty
minute lecture. His subject is "Re
nounce Evil."
In past years these services have been
very largely attended by men whose Sun
days are days of absolute rest and whose
week days are days of absolute work.
Last year all the lectures were addressed
by the Rev. Percy Webber, who was at
that time doing evangelistic work on tnls
coast, but this year all the speakers will
be local Episcopalian priests.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ocean.
EXPOSITION BILL
IN GAGE'S HANDS
Promoters of the Great Enterprise
Confident the Governor Will
Sigo It.
Chairmao Reinstein PoiQts Out the Slight
Foundation for the Oppositioo to
the Exposition
:A'-..7'---
NOW that the bill appropriating $250,
--000 for the proposed Pacific Ocean
and International Exposition has
passed the Legislature the projectors
of the enterprise are confident that it will
meet with the approval of the Governor,
who will have ten days from 'last Satur
day in which to affix his signature to the
measure and thus make the funds avail
able.
It is claimed by the most influential
members of the exposition committee that
the arguments made against the project
are the result of a lack of understanding
as to the objects of it and its cost to the
taxpayers of the State.
It Is proposed to endeavor to remove
these unfounded prejudices by calling a
special meeting of the general committee
of the exposition on Tuesday for the pur
pose of discussing the matter fully and
giving to the people of the entire State a
correct presentation of the situation.
. J. B. Reinsteln, chairman of the general
committee, feels certain that the slight
opposition that has manifested itself to
the exposition will disappear when the
facts are all clearly set forth. Among the
many strong points he made In favor of
the exposition, In the course of an Inter
view yesterday, was that San Francisco,
where the exposition is to be held, stands
to contribute $5 25 for every dollar that is
paid by the interior taxpayer for the es
tablishment of the fair. He also demon
strated that the tax on each Interior prop
erty owner would not exceed 22 cents a
year for two years. „„-t«.i«_
"This bill was passed by the Legisla
ture," he said, "on a Practical pledge that
San Francisco would put up $700,000 If the
State would put up $250,000. therefore the
passage of this appropriation by the Leg
islature commits San Francisco to the
proposition that $750,000 shall be appro
priated by the Board of Supervisors.
P "The next thing in order I. to have a
meeting of the general committee which
will be called for Tuesday at 3:30 p. m. at
The rooms of the Chamber of Commerce,
there to discuss ways and means of ob
taining greater unanimity on the part of
all the forces that are expected to further
th "There r hafteen some opposition to the
holding" of the fair, mainly in the country
and because it was thought that the State
would be required to appropriate 1600,
--000 tasted of $250,000 such opposition
was based largely on tnat fact and as
much because it then seemed that the
State would have the misfortune of an
other dry year. Sentiment in the country
on this subject has changed greatly be
™ , u of the smaller appropriation and
the general rains, and the opposition to
thi holding of the fair will become. less
and less, in my judgment, as the objects
and purposes and results of holding this
exposition become better and more clearly
U "OnTof the main objects of the meeting
of the general committee will be to devise
means of Informing the people of this
State thoroughly concerning the advan
tages of the fair, and also to answer some
of the arguments against the exposition
which its supporters consider are not well
founded. A committee will be appointed
to procure and give publicity to statistics,
showing the effects of expositions simi
lar to the one contemplated, although no
exposition of the past will have had either
the same opportunity or the same pur
pose for Its creation.
"It seems to be the general opinion
among the members of the committee
that this exposition should be largely de
voted to the purpose of Increasing t~e
commerce and strengthening the indus
trial position of the State of California.
It is to be in no sense a theatrical expo
sition and the amusement side of it will
be entirely subordinated to the purpose of
Indicating the opportunities of Califor
nia through San Francisco, the metrop
olis of the West, for Increasing our for
eign trade, especially with the Orient and
f he islands of the Pacific Ocean and
bringing to the attention of the world the
advantages of California and of* the city
of San Francisco ln that regard. It is de
CAPTAIN OF GRIGSBY'S
ROUGH RIDERS IS HERE
FRANK C. HIGGINS TALKS OF
EMBALMED BEEF.
Says Chickamauga Park Was the
Scene of Much Suffering on Ac
count of Poor Rations.
Captain Frank H. Hlggins, who was in
command of Troop F. Grigsby's Rough
Riders arrived from Missoula. Mont...
Yesterday and engaged apartments at the
Palace He Is accompanied by his sister.
mks Hilda Higgins, whose health is not
of the best and they will visit the prin
cipal health resorts of the State in the
hope that she will be benefited thereby.
Captain Higgins who is a fine • BPecim«i
of Dhvsical manhood, is a practicing at
tornev and has large business interests in
Mis-«yulal in an interview he said:
M -The volunteer regiment of Rough Rid
ers organized by Colonel Melville Grigs
hv last May consisted of a squadron each
Montana and the two Dakotas mak-
twelve troops in all. Although we
were not in action during the war. being
Encamped for five months at Chickamau
'"S; still the sufferings and hardships
endured 'by the soldiers there were prob
ably greater than they would have been
at the front, where- we greatly desired to
°'*General Miles is perfectly correct In
*v,_, -it And he has taken on the embalmed
l,eef question, and the testimony of 70.000
soldiers who were at one time mobilized
at the park will support him in his con
te "Of "course, we had boards of survey
m i,„ nnssed on the supplies, but it was a
dlKtory red tape affair, and though they
condemned the P unfit food they did not
Provide anything suitable in Its stead.
Slany of the men became violently sick
with typhoid fever and dysentery. I went
down from 200 pounds to 150, and only re
cently have I fully recovered from the
e3^The cn medical corps was entirely insuf
ficient to cope with the sickness. There
were three physicians to each regiment,
and in .ours one was drunk all the time,
a second was sick and that left but one to
minister to the wants of the men The
hoAnitals were totally inadequate to ac-
Snodlte the sick. The Letter Hospital,
which had room for 350 patients, was full
All the time and the surplus patients were
nut into tents, which served to aggravate
the disease in that hot summer climate.
"The trouble of It all was that too many
soldiers were gathered at the park, and I
do not err when I say that every man of
them became physically infirm, and some,
of 'them were five months before they
aealn became their natural selves. Many
of the men actually looked like Cuban
reconcentrados and their condition was
nltlable The Government mustered them
out knowing they could not live much
longer under the distressing circum
stances 'West Pointism' is all very well
in theory but it fails in practical applica
tion There is no doubt that at least fif
teen times as many men died from dis
ease as in action, and it was all caused
by bad rations and lack of medical care.
In my regiment about sixty died and the
rest of the thousand men were incapaci
tated from doing anything for a long
"I do not think that all this has killed
the patriotism of the men. Were there a
war to-morrow every one of them would
enlist, but they would go In the hope that
the lamentable mistakes of the late war
would not be repeated."
sired to show by this exposition, not alone
at the time of holding it but for all fu
ture time, by a permanent museum which
is to be established as a result of it, the
products, natural and manufactured, of
California and the islands and shores of
the Pacific Ocean. . V ,_ .
"This is a serious and strictly business
enterprise, and the aid of the people of
this State is sought solely on pure busi
ness principles. The persons who will be
interested are expected to learn the op
portunities for the interchange of the
products of their respective countries.
San Francisco is fixed as the place for
the holding of such an exposition because
it affords the best opportunity and is the
best situated to give such an object les
son.
"It has been suggested that large num
bers of people outside of our State will
not come to this exposition, but if none
of such persons come the State of Cali
fornia and the city of San Francisco will
reap an ample return for the money ex
pended in better and more accurate and
more comprehensive knowledge of their
own resources and the resources of those
countries which will exhibit their prod
ucts hare, thus enabling those engaged in
business enterprises in such countries to
better understand their respective needs
and wants. But the exposition projectors
maintain that it is necessary for the
State of California and the city of San
Francisco to establish in the eyes of the
world, If for no other purpose, simply for
their prestige, the natural resources of
the State and the splendid position of San
Francisco as a great harbor for foreign
commerce.,
"It has been also suggested that we
should spend a smaller amount of money
and give a display of our products at the
expositions to be held at Toledo, Buffalo
and St. Louis. We feel this would be a
grave mistake, and that we are infinitely
more likely to be benefited by holding
an exposition in the city of San Francisco
of the products showing the possibilities
of the commerce of the Pacific Ocean than
by any display of the products of each
State in the cities of the East. Nor do
we think, by any means, that more people
would see and be impressed by such a
small display in the cities of the East
than would result from a great exposition
in the city of San Francisco.
"The matter of the cost of holding the
exposition contemplated has been grossly
exaggerated. Such cost will not be great
er than the amount already guaranteed
by the State and this city and promised
by the national Government, which is
$1,500,000. While a larger amount will be
expended this extra amount, over and
j above the million .and a half, will be
I paid almost entirely out of the conces-
I sions and the receipts of the exposition,
and every dollar which will be paid by
the citizens of this State for the estab
lishment of the exposition will result in
the education of our people to a larger
and fuller appreciation and a better
grounded and more general belief in the
future greatness of the State and city.
"Of the $250,000 which has been appro
priated by the Legislature of the State
I one-third will be paid by the city of San
i Francisco, leaving about $100,000 to be
contributed to this exposition by the
! State outside the city of San Francisco.
The total tax levy for the next two years
Is something over $12,000,000, and the total
amount to be contributed by the country
—$100,000— is, therefore, not much more
than 1 per cent of the amount of the en
tire tax levy. With the $750,000 San
Francisco will contribute separately to
the enterprise, she will be giving $540,000
to the country's $160,000, or in the propor
tion to $5 25 to the country's $1.
"The average assessed value per capita
of property to persons in the country will
probably not exceed $3000, and each per
son's share of the tax to maintain this
exposition would not exceed 44 cents, pay
able in two annual Installments.
"London is to England, Berlin to Ger
many, Vienna to Austria and Paris to
France, what San Francisco is to Califor
nia. No matter what criticism of San
Francisco's right to the exposition may
have been indulged in. and even perhaps
justly, the fact remains that the metrop
olis of a country ana the country at large
have mutual Interests and must stand
or fall together."
— — ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPRING TIME AND SAR=|
SAPARILLA
Go hand in* hand. At this season of
the year nature tells us that our sys-
tem requires attention. We have the
£ood old standard remedies at cut-
rate prices.
TODD'S SARSAPARILLA Toe
HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA TOO
AYRES' SARSAPARILLA 70e
COOPER'S BLOOD SPECIFIC 85c
SWIFT'S SPECIFIC 7<>c
CUTICURA RESOLVENT SOc
. '"'.. SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
TESLA ELECTRIC BELT.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
wrmm &
"Jf ■ <^— - NEXT TO, HALE BROS. — — ' ■
DRM9NULTY.
T»H IS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Specialist cures Pri vateyNervous, and Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable.
t0 3 da11y; 6.30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, in to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. KOSCOK McXUIiTY. M.D.
««'.. Kearny St., Ban Francisco. Cal.
NER VITA
AgjjQßjh — AND MANHOOD
____W"' X Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
HRi_2Bffi diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
W\* ,_j\ l indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood-builder.
JSSy Brings the pink glow to pale checks and ru
__, JfcJ ] stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per -
»A^9£. boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Rmita medical go.. CMnton « Jackson stt., Ghicj »..
Owl Drug Co., Sole Agts., ' 112S Market, S. F.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
suraaztb to sexual or-rani.. Denot. 223 Majrkat.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
® <$®*K^-®3-®e®3*®4*®«*®s-^^
jCITYOFjfjjI PARIS
1 DRY GOODS COMPANY.
(*) _  , ■ ■■■- —
SPECIALIG SALE
I LARGE CARPET SIZES AT GREAT REDUCTIONS.
I ...."WILTON"....
t Regular Price $50.00; Sale Price 935. 00
I ....ROYAL SMYRNA....
$ Regular Price $45.00; Sale Price 932. 50
I ....ENGLISH VELVET....
(•) . .— : ~A~"- ?■- ." -
I Regular Price $30.00 and $32.50; Sale Price 923. 00
I■ ■ '
® Mat Sizes In Wilton, Daghistan, Soudan and Royal Smyrna
|) and Cumberland Rugs at Interesting Prices.
® Broken Assortments of REAL Turkish Rugs From Our Fall
J* Importation at Greatly Reduced Prices.
I Broken Lines of Curtains, 3s Yards Long, 54 Inches Wide, In
I One and Two Pair Lots, From $1.00 Per Pair Up.
® COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. .
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
® S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco.
<V UNION SQUARE.
®<3>®<S>®^3>®<S»®^®3>®3>®^^^
t> g^juSiS&itesK. 1- w 'l** guarantee
if^^'J£™?^«sk that my Rh<*un..-.tisra
i_^^^^^^^a&_ uro W 'N relieve lum-
Esg7^^'~^^w|i|. bago, sciatica and all
t3&» rheumatic pains in
i§f *-^te*i^^^y * wo or t ' 3ree hours,
SI cure ** a few
that my Rheumatism
Cure will relieve lum-
bago, sciatica and all
rheumatic pains in
two or three hours,
and cure in a few
y£^"3||? At all druggists,
I_s%&sy^Wv*s£_ **^ C ' a T * a^' Guide
lMl^5B-KB-iSPJEGf to Health and medi-
rM I |w* cal advice free.
1 I » 1505 Arch st.. Phila. j
j mmm . _____
1 st For the Best $10 Suit ( ,
i| *V to order you must go to ( i ;
!; ifUm JOE poheim. J
1 __W____[ or $25 you can get a \
J 1 __\_\WsB__\ fine, well made and well ',
i ' jpPjH||gpg^ trimmed suit at |i
; mm JOE poheijws.j
?i| ||li|lj Will cost elsewhere $40. /
'i Ij^M'rf' Ail-wool, stylish-cut i[
; PI £| Pants to order from $4 ',
]>$!>$ JOE POHEIM'S,;!
*A 201-203 Mor.tsiomery St., Cor. Bush, ( '
) 1110-1112 Market St.. S. F. '\
Use f^%_ S9
Woodbury's fe 1 * ,3 Woodbury' 3
Facial Soap, '^^7 Facial Cream, i
Blood diseases, skin diseases, scalp diseases
and nervous affections, no matter from what
cause or how long standing, successfully
treated without the use of poisonous drugs by
JOHN H. WOODBURY, 26 W. 23d St.. New
York, and 163 State st., Chicago.
EYE GLASSES
CHEAPER.
*We have them, but, like everything: else
cheaper, not as good— nor have they the clip
that doesn't slip, .tilt or waver, fall or hurt.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premises. Quick repairing.
Phone Main 10.
642 Market St. instruments
/g_*K_ rHOTOetArnia O fjn *"-«-•* S3 9 E!f_^
I istDay. ia*Jf%t*\ \Cey§l COCUry
tp-tIT 10th Day. •S-B SSL, T£ rilE.ll WSIM
V ITAL!S 2ClthD^* 51 M BCBIEnV
PRODI THF. .ROTE 30th Day. IB E- llfi _\_9 SI a
RKSI'I.TS. 1 1 quickly * surely removes Nervousness, Impotency,
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wsstin; Diseases and all effects
of self-abuse or excess and indiscretion. Restores text Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
tion. Cures when all others fail. Insist on having TITAL.IS,
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail ijil.Of
per package or six for (.5.0(1 with a guarantee to Cure or
Kefnnd the Money. Circular Free. Addresa
OALIMET CURE CO., 834 Uearborn St., Chloag*
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
I DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
| BLDODsft-aVERcLUWCS;
_.^ f *^S3sfe_>5 i PI n 'K "is * non-pcisonoTii
.<^_4__S_W^^^9____ remedy for Gonorrhoea,
_/f__k_fr*. 'VllE.*y__\ Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
g___W in 1 to 5 davs.^j Whites, unnatural di.-
FftAniyg QcioT-ntie'd |_j charges, or any inflamma-
l2£f not to strletcre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
•^^■Prerects contagion. tion of mucous mem-
K^ITHEEvASSCHEM^'tno. Cranes. Non-astringent.
%g^CIN-INNAH.O.II_SI Sold * »rnsr«rt»t*-
vSOk. USA _¥$$ or sen ' ' n plain wrapper,
_£*__&_**^' ' AjA^*% express, prepaid, for
3^-MI 1 ' "— -l&At'E i 1 or 3 bottles, $2.75.
l *Sl_ m^B_WF%^ St Circular sent ou nejzrJm
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER
Last Week of '
ETHEL LYNWOOD,
The "Human Knot"; SHERMAN and MOR-
RTSSEY, Acrobatic Comedians; the FOUR
I MILTONS,- Musical Comedians; CHARLES
i SAWVELL ami His Colored Quartet; WIL-
LIAM HOWARDE. Monologist, and NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
THURSDAY NIGHT,
LAST TIME 0? THE
AMATEUR CAKE WALK.
i 10c. Includine Zoo and Theater: Children. So.
AM U S-b..M.-fc._N xs.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co.. Inc., Lessee.
LAST WEEK OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF
GRAND OPERA
In French and Italian, by the
ELLIS OPERA COMPANY
NEW YORK SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Enlarged Chorus and Ballet!
Evening Performances at 8 sharp. Matinees
at 2.
TO-NIGHT. "LES HUGUENOTS.**
In French. MME. MELBA. MME. GADSKI,
MLLE DE LUSSAN, MME. VAN CAUTER-
EN, MM. CEPPI, BOUDOURESQUE. BEN-
SAt DE. RAINS AND VAN HOOSE. Con-
ductor, SEPPILLI. Noadvance in prices for this
performance. Tuesday, March 21, last perform-
ance of "La Boheme" in Italian, with Melba
and De Lussan. Wednesday, March 22,
"AIDA," with Gadski, Olitzka and Ceppi.
Thursday, March 23, "Romeo et Juliette" in
French. First appearance here of Mme. Melba
as Juliette. Friday, March 24, last evening
performance, "Carmen," in French, with De
Lussan and Gadski. Saturday afternoon, last
Matinee. Double Bill. "Lucia" In Italian, with
Melba as Lucia, and "PaKllaccl" in Italian,
with Challa. * -*.
PRICES— SS, $4. $3, $2, according to location.
BOX SEATS. $10. A limited number of General
Admission Tickets, $2. General Admission to
Gallery, $1.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
j BEG. TO-NIGHT.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK,
j EXCEPT SUNDAY.
The Famous Original
BOSTONIANS
Presenting for the First Time Here the Highly
Successful Romantic Opera,
ROB ROY!
By Reginald de Koven and Harry B. Smith,
With Grand Chorus, Orchestra and
Especial Scenery and Costumes.
Prices, 50c, 75c, $1 and %l 50.
12 NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS-12
THE GYPSY QUINTETTE,
Charles King. Albert Burton, Charles Bagu-
ley, Lorrainec Amour. Anita Maoni.
All Soloists— The Hit of the East.
PERCY HONRI. Concertinist.
BARNES AND SISSON. Comedy Specialist*.
MR AND MRS. WILLIAM ROBYN3 la
"Straight Tip Jim."
THE DARTOS, Parisian Dancers.
J tv WINTON, TROUBADOUR TRIO,
PANTZER TRIO. TWINS MARCO.
Reserved Seats 25c. Balcony 10c. Opera
Chairs and Box Seats 50c.
Matinees— Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT—
RED MEN'S NIGHT I
THE NEW YORK LYCEUM THEATER
FARCICAL HIT.
NERVES
IF A MAN WANTS TO UNDERSTAND
WHAT THE NERVOUS SYSTEM
IS LET HIM MARRY.
Next Week— "A BIT OF SCANDAL"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng — Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 8:10.
REGAL REVIVAL OF
Gilbert and Sullivan's Greatest Work. •
.THE MIKADO.
SPECIAL CAST! NEW SCENERY. COR-
RECT COSTUMES!
NEXT WEEK— The favorite Ballad Opera,
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL."
Look Out for
"BEAUTIFLL GOLDEN LOCKS.
Our Easter Spectacular Fantasie.
Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
X. B. — Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Under the Management of Holden, Mac Donald
and Crane.
THIS EVENING— Appearance of the
Great Emotional Actress,
AGNES HERNDON,
Supported by the Popular Romantic Actor,
ALBERT A. ANDRUSS
And the Alhambra Eastern Stock Company
in a Superb Production of
"LA BELLE MARIE"
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUN DAT.
."Prices. 10c. 15c, 25c and*3sc
56
PROTECTORATE
PROBABLE FOR
THE ISLANDS
Perkins Discusses the
Philippine Problem.
NO DEFINITE POLICY YET
THINKS TEE ADMINISTRATION
WILL OPPOSE ANNEXATION.
Would Cost More .to Govern Them
Than Total Value of Their Trade.
Guarded Statement Regard
gardingthe Senatorship.
Oakland Oflice San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, March 19.
Senator Perkins returned home from
' Washington to-day just in time to learn
' from Sacramento that he would be the
.sole representative of California in the
United States Senate for the next two
years. For this condition of affairs Sen
ator Perkins disclaims all responsibility,
for he says that he kept his hands off of
the entire business, nor could he be ca
joled into expressing any other sentiment
than that a Republican Senator would be
elected to succeed Senator White, pro
priety restraining him from expressing
any preference.
"It is unfortunate for California," said
the Senator, "that this deadlock has oc
curred, for this, growing State has need of
all Its representation in the Senate. There
are so many important rests demand
ing attention that 1 deeply regret the Ina
bility of the Legislature to elect a Sen
ator. Did I have any preference among
the candidates? None whatever. I re
ceived letters and telegrams by the score
asking questions regarding the situation,
but 1 replied to all that it would be very
unbecoming for me to take a hand in the
contest. 1 was in Washington to repre
sent California, and this is an arduous,
honored and important task. It would
have been very bad taste on my part to
have attempted to influence legislators on
such an important question when I was
not even acquainted with the details of
the contest.
. "Senator Hanna received several tele
grams from California asking him, as
chairman of the national committee, to
do all in his power to insure the election
of a Senator and induce the Legislature
to go into caucus, but he sent back but
one reply. He said he had confidence in
the good judgment of the Republican par
ty and that it would do what would be
best without advice from him. Senator
Hanna, like other Republican representa
tives and friends of the administration,
deplored the deadlock, but he would not
tender any advice regarding individual
candidates."
In response to a query. Senator Per
kins said he would rather not say who
the parties or the Influences were that
tried to induce Senator Hanna to get the
California Legislature to get into caucus.
"In my third speech in Congress I ad
vocated the election of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people, and
1 am glad to see that -my views are now
becoming popular."
According to the views expressed by
Senator Perkins on the Philippine ques
tion there has been a great deal of grat
uitous assumption on the part of certain
to-called Republican leaders regarding
the policy of President McKinley and his
Cabinet. When the sober second thought
comes to the American mind Senator Per
kins predicts a marked change in senti
ment.
" 1 might say that the administration
has no settled policy regarding the future
of the Philippines," said the Senator.
"When the peace treaty came before
the Senate 1 asfced the Legislature of Cal
ifornia for instructions, and they wished
me to vote for it. I did so. This course
was necessary, because if the treaty had
failed of passage we should have returned
to the situation we were in before the
armistice with Spain was declared. This
would have been an indefensible policy.
A year and a half ago the administration
would not have entertained the idea of
annexing the Philippines, but after the
battle of Manila a new complexion was
put on affairt. We had to do as we have
done, but 1 do not believe the administra
tion has any desire to annex the Philip
pines. I am hopeful that a Washington
or a Lafayette will arise who will be
- able to establish a stable government un
der a protectorate, that will ultimately
develop into an independent republic. I
think that after America has been in
strumental in restoring peace and pros
perity to those islands, and has started
them on their way to certain progress,
sh». should retain an adequate naval
depot and coaling station and retire with
honor and dignity.
"I have great faith in the sober second
thought of the American people. I do
not now^iear of any sentiment in favor
of making the Philippines a State, and I
believe that before long we shall hear
little of annexation. We are a business
like nation, and when we consider that
the total imports and exports of the
islands are $20,000,000 a year and that our
present army in Manila and other places
costs us $60,000,000, I think patriotism will
find its practical level.
"Nor is this all. Let me tell you some
thing that the average man does not
know. It costs $2000 per year to send,
maintain and pay each soldier in the
Philippines, and this is independent of
the fearful death rate and the ultimate
pension list for the next generation. The
Philippines are aliens and 90 per cent of
them never heard of this country and
cannot possibly be graduated into Ameri
can citizens.
"On the other hand there is the trade '
issue. The annexation of the Philippines j
will undoubtedly bring new trade to the |
Pacific coast. 1 can state that even now j
Eastern capital is seeking to establish |
several lines of steamships on this coast. !
Do not run away with the idea that I am |
not an expansionist. I am an expansion
ist of the most expansive type. I would,
however, proceed along the lines of those
grand old Americans who have built up
the republic of to-day from the nucleus of
the original thirteen States. I would favor
the purchase of British Columbia, the an
nexation of Canada, of Mexico, of the
Whole of this continent, but I do not favor i
the granting of statehood to the Philip- :
pine Islands or to any territory with
whose Inhabitants we cannot assimilate.
It is a mistake to assume that the policy j
of the administration is to permanently I
annex the Philippines, for this is not the |
case. President McKinley is proceeding
with caution, firmness and great wisdom, :
and the republic can rely on its leader.
The next twelve months will produce
great development, and I am not descend
ing to flattery when I say that the admin
istration will prove its complete ability
to deal with this great question. In the
Senate 1 can say there is no general feel
ing In favor of annexation at this time."
Senator Perkins has no doubt as to who
will be the choice of the Republican party
for President next year. Nothing short of ,
a miracle or folly can prevent the re-elec- I
• tion of President McKinley.
"There is not, and perhaps never has
been, a more popular man in the United
States than President McKinley," said
Senator Perkins. "Nothing can prevent
his renomination and re-election His
popularity and the public admiration for
his ability are daily growing. It is pos- ;
Bible that there may be those who will
differ from him in his war and foreign
policy, but it will not hurt the party for
it will, I believe, all be adjusted within
the party. It will be to the "interests of
certain political factions to stir up dis
sensions, but the pendulum will have to '
swing far in the opposite direction from
its present position before any doubt can
arise as to the result of the next general
election."
Senator Perkins desires to pronounce an '
anathema upon the plans for the San
Francisco Postofflce. He says they are ,
better fitted for a jail or warehouse than
a large and costly Federal building, "it
will be an eyesore and a disgrace to the
City," he said, "and Senator Tillman told
the truth when he. said the plans re
sembled those of a Southern cotton gin.
"Two large appropriations have been
made this session," said Senator Perkins,
"for the naval training school on Goat
Island. There are already 400 boys en
listed, and it will soon be possible to have [
• . — -—**-■ . ■
2500 apprentices in training. This is a
grand work and Is destined to American
ize the navy. At present 57*6 per cent of
the navy are foreigners. There Is no
reason why this should not be quickly
changed so that not less than 90 per cent
will be Americans."
"THE MODERN TROJAN HORSE."
Rev. Dr. Locke Lectures on the Evils
of the Present Generation.
"The Modern Trojan Horse" was the
subject of Rev. Charles B. Locke's dis
course at the Central Methodist Church
on Mission street last night. He likened
the struggle between ancient Greek and
Trojan to the conflict of to-day between
right and wrong; and drew a resemblance
between the strategy employed in the
capture of Troy and the methods by
which the evil one seeks to destroy men's
souls. In part Dr. Locke said:
"The old story of the long conflict be
tween the Grecians and Trojans, and how
what could not be accomplished by Gre
cian prowess was effected by Grecian
strategy, and after ten years of hard
fighting, by means of a hundred warriors*
concealed within the huge wooden horse,
Troy was overthrown and the beautiful
Helen was taken home to Greece. Con
tinuing, Dr. Locke said:
I have asked your attention to the recital of
this ancient legend because it alarmingly illus
trates what is being done in these bright end
of the century days. The long struggle between
right and wrong has been continuing through
the years, and now the devil seeks to take
the world by strategy. Mankind has fallen an
easy lev to the scheme for its overthrow. The
wooden horse has been dragged into the citadel
of our civilization and warriors bold, nends
incarnate, have gone forth on their career ot
devastation and death.
Covetousness, avarice, infidelity, dissipation,
selfishness and all "the works of the nesn,
have been let loose upon the world and have
wrought the destruction of character. It Is the
mission of Jesus Christ in the world to give to
each individual an armor of light by which he
may not only be able to successfully meet all
these arch enemies of righteousness in his per
sonal character, but as a brave contestant may
aid in bringing about the utter defeat and
annihilation of all the machinations of the
The most murderous of all of these enemies
is cruel selfishness; that demoniacal possession
which for the sake of gain murders and de
spises and crushes all who come in the way of
the accomplishment of Its base £■&*. „ )s
A fundamental principle of Christianity Is
"bear ye one another's burdens and so fulfill
thVUtw of Christ." and when this benign law
has been adored 'by each individual then will
men organize such a mighty opposition to the
evUs that victimize society to-day that multi
tudes of slaves to vice shall be emancipated,
and an army of deadly foes shall be annihi
lated. . - —
GOLFERS ON THE
OAKLAND LINKS
MEN'S HANDICAP CONTEST IS
NEARLY CONCLUDED.
Miss Duff Wins the Ladies' Competi
tion in Approaching and Putting.
The Presidio Links.
Owing to their elevation and the sandy
nature of the soil, the Presidio links dry
very rapidly and can be used for play the
day after a heavy rainstorm. Several
players were out on Friday afternoon,
among them being J. W. Byrne, who went
around the course twice, in 53 and 58; it.
B Chase, who registered scores of 99 and
101 and W. B. Bo wen, whose returns were
101 and 99. E. J. McCutchen, C. Page, C.
P Eells J. W. Byrne, Leonard Chenery,
Mr Gay'lord and several others were out
for* practice on Saturday afternoon. The
competitions in driving and approaching,
for men, set down in the programme for
Saturday, did not come off.
There were many players out on the
links at Oakland, some of whom were
taking part in various club competitions,
while others were playing friendly match
es or getting into form for the next meet
ins with the picked team of the San
Francisco Golf Club. The match play com
petition, eighteen holes, with handicap,
which was begun on March 11, reaching
the third round, has now advanced a
stage further. The results in the third
round were as follows: G. D. Greenwood
(scratch) beat D. F. Belden (scratch), o
up; R. Cooke (scratch) beat W. A. Magee
(4) 6 up; A. Goodall (5) beat T. Rickard
(7) 1 up; W. P. Johnson (3) beat J. C. Mc-
Kee ( scratch), 5 up and 4 to play.
In the fourth round G. D. Greenwood
(scratch) is drawn against R. Cooke
(scratch), and W. P. Johnson (3) has de
feated Arthur Goodall (5), 4 up. The win
ner of the Greenwood-Cooke match will
play in the final heat against W. P. John-
The only entries for the competition in
putting and approaching among the ladles
were Miss Agnes Duff and Miss Eleanor
M Davenport. The competition in the
same departments of the game was en
tered by the following gentlemen: T. R.
Hutchinson, R. M. Fitzgerald, E. R. Fol
ger and Arestes Pierce. The ninth green
was marked by concentric circles, like a
target, the outer circle having a radius of
twenty-five feet and the next one a radius
of twelve feet. In the putting competition
the player had eight shots for the hole
from any point on the circumference of
the outer circle; if he holed the ball his
shot counted 100 points; if he putted it
within the inmost circle he received 75
points; the third circle counted 50 points
and the fourth 25.
In the approaching competition the con
testants played for the green from dis
tances of 100, 75, 50 and 25 yards— one ball
at each distance. If the contestant played
onto the green from the 100-yard or 75
--yard marks he scored 10; if he played his
ball within the 12-foot circle from the 50
--yard or 25-yard marks he scored 10 points.
The points made in both the putting and
approaching contests were added togeth
er. The ladies' prize for the highest ag
gregate score was won by Miss Agnes
Duff, and the gentlemen's prize for the
highest total fell to T. R. Hutchinson.
The match play competition, eighteen
holes, with handicap, will be played off
as may prove convenient to the contest
ants. Next Saturday, March 25, there will
be a ladies' competition, match play, with
handicap.
In the men's foursomes, match play,
with handicap, begun on March 4, the de
ciding foursome still remains to be played.
EX-LIEUTENANT BENNETT
IN THE FROZEN NORTH
He Says That With Machinery and
Capital Great Wealth Can Be
Taken From the Sands.
Ex-Lieutenant of Police George W.
Bennett, who was pensioned by the Police
Commissioners a year ago and immediate
ly started for the frozen north In quest
of wealth, has written to friends in this
city relating his experiences and fortune
since he sailed from the Golden Gate.
During the month of November he, with
another miner, Charles Rvdell, was ap
pointed at a meeting of miners held in
Circle City to investigate .the office of
Recorder Blake at St. Michael. The men
started from the mines at Gullivan Bay
down the Cheenik River in a schooner.
The sailor at -the tiller, unfamiliar with
the river, grounded the vessel forty-five
miles past the point of destination, and a
leak caused the passengers and crew to
walk to the settlement. Bennett and his
companions then attempted to return to
Gullivan Bay, a distance of 250 miles, on
foot. During the journey Bennett
sprained his ankle on the slippery ground,
and being in the rear and unable to at
tract the attention of his companions re
mained for several hours in a perilous
condition until his friends returned. ..
In speaking of the mines Bennett says
that with a dredger and suction pump
enough gold could be taken from the beds
of the rivers to i.quidate the Spanish war
debt. When the ex-lieutenant of police
arrived at Gullivan Bay a year ago he
pitched the second tent in the vicinity.
Now, he says, there are between four and
five hundred, and the prospects are that
the number will be doubled when the ice
on the river breaks and permits naviga
tion. His claims run along the river for
a distance of about two and a half miles,
and comprise the better portion of the
auriferous river bed. Since his arrival
he has disposed of twenty-one claims at
a good price, but intends to retain his
other claims, believing that some of
them will produce fortunes when they
can be properly worked.
■ ♦ »
The Moody Meetings.
The evangelist Moody, now in Oakland,
will hold revival meetings In this clt-
Thursday, Friday and Sunday afternoons
and evenings at the Howard-street Meth
odist Church, Grace Methodist Church,
First Congregatlonalist CBurch and Met
ropolitan Temple- .
THE BAK FRANCISCO CAL.L,, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
A "SHIRT- WALK" IS
THE LATEST FAD
Hot Contest in Which Some Excessive Tear-
Provokers Were Displayed.
THE "Shirt Walk" has arrived in town.
It is not a rival of the cake walk,
but is a new fad for the young men
who find pleasure in arraying them
selves in shirts that obviate the necessity
-♦- <«>-♦- <s> -•- <£- -♦- <$• -•- <^->-<^-»-#
<$> _ 4
j of having a steam heater In the neigh-
I borhood.
I There are several gentlemen in this city
who are promoting high art and opulence
in the shirt industry by their earnest ef
forts to "put it onto" the other fellow in
the matter of hot linen raiment, and as
they could never agree as to who had the
"real thing." some bright mind suggested
that they have a "shirt walk." The idea
was eagerly adopted, arrangements were
made and the unique exhibition was held
% in the private dining apartments of a
swell uptown restaurant on Saturday
evening.
The contestants were Dan O'Callahan,
the well-known commission merchant;
Jeff Bolton, the engraver; "Billy" Kenne
dy; Colonel Al Andrews; "Kid" Blazer,
the horseman; "Wiliam J. O'Brien, the
tenor, and Charlie Newman. Competitive
points were arranged as follows: Neat
ness, 0; harmony of effect, 50 discredits;
reasonably rank, 25 credits; quite shock
ing, 50; most repulsive and painful to the
eye, 100. The man who got the lowest
number of points was to pay for the din
ner for the crowd, including the judges.
O'Callahan appeared In an emerald
dream effect, the shirt front being re
lieved by numerous flying cranes in
white; collar to match.
Bolton's effort was shrimp pink with
small purple figures; a fiery red bow
necktie and a blue collar with perpendicu
lar red stripes.
Andrews was arrayed In a red dream,
with broad blue stripes radiating from
RIFLEMEN BORE
THE TARGETS
IN THE STORM
Good Attendance at
Schuetzen Park.
JOHN UTSCHIG STILL CHIEF
CALIFORNIA CLUB HAS A LIVE
LY CONTEST.
C. J. Walden Won First Prize With
100 Points — and Ein
tracht Club Shoots — The
Scores.
SAN RAFAEL, March 19.— The shooting
stands at Schuetzen Park were well filled
with marksmen to-day. notwithstanding
the inclemency of the weather, and some
good scores were made. Three clubs Were
present, the California Schuetzen Club,
the San Francisco Turner Schuetzen and
the "Verein Eintracht Shooting Section, all
holding bullseye shoots.
In the Turner shoot John Utschig Sr.
upheld his high standard by making the
top score of 417 points. In detail the scores
were as follows:
John Utschlg Sr., 417; A.. Utschig. 418; R.
Langer, 492; H. Enge. 596; O. Burmelster. S6l;
Captain Attlnger, 1008; Charles Sagehorn, 1166;
R. Finking, 1207; G. Tammeyer, 1682; Joseph
Straub, 1883. Turner Drum Corps — Fred
Krueckel, 1273; Will Straub, 1315; George
Krueckel. 2315.
In the Verein Eintracht contest the rifle
men took rank in the folowing order:
First, R. Settln; second, C. Aver: third, F.
C. Hagerup; fourth, C. Ouer; fifth, Johnßohrer;
sixth. Charles Schroeder; seventh, John Zahn;
eighth, Carl Suehrstedt; ninth, H. Schwelser;
tenth, Carl yon- Hart wig; eleventh, Louis
Smith. , v ."'
The liveliest contest of the day was the
bullseye shoot of the California Schuetzen
Club, owing to the presence of a larger
number of marksmen belonging to that
organization. Despite the gray sky and
the poor light on the target, the rain and
the frequent gusts of wind, the members
of this club did as good shooting as the
most ardent sharpshooter could nave ex
pected. C. J. Walden won first money,
scoring 100; H. Enge was a close second,
with 117. The complete scores were as fol
lows:
C. J. Walden, 100; H. Enge. 117; F. E. Mason,
146; F. P. Schuster. 177; J. Straub, 316; D. W.
McLaughlin. 329; J. E. Gorman, 353; L. Reu
bold, 547; H. Eckmann. 597; O. Burmelster,
697; M. Reubold. 702; D. B. Faktor. 717; A.
Strecker, 743; W. F. Relhl, 770: J. t'tschlg Br..
844; C. Thlerbach, 984; P. Brunottl, 1007; J.
Tammeyer, 1068; A. Jungblut. 1094; R. Stettin,
1097; A. Hampel. 1136; R. Langer, 1150; F. At
tinger, 1150; R. Finking, 1280; A. Breuss. 1295.
President Philo Jacoby of the California
Club brought three budding riflemen over
the center, in which was a beautiful
dazzler.
Blazer's linen displayed the spurs, whip
and cap of the jockey.
O'Brien wore what he called "a-man
from-Mexico shirt, bars all around and
nothing to drink."
Newman appeared in a hand-painted
darling, showing a frappe bottle with
corkscrew figure effects all around.
Kennedy was cool and confident, dis
playing a gem in water color, with Klon
dike suggestions such as Icicles, a mid
night sun and polar bear accompaniment.
The walk was exciting and conducted
without coat or waistcoat. Andrews was
allowed fifty discredits for "harmonious
ness." O'Brien won twenty-five points
for "reasonably rank"; Blazer was placed
in the same class, while Newman and
O'Callahan were given &0 on the score of
"quite shocking."
The honor of carrying off the palm and
sitting at the head of the table was
awarded to Bolton, the decision being
that his combination not only brought
tears to the eyes but was evidently con
ceived in the Interests of opticians.
The banquet was pulled off in jolly
shape and some of the difficult shirts
fared the same fate for eternity a few
hours later. It is stated that this initial
shirt walk has not satisfied the con
testants and that some of them are now
putting in their spare moments In strug
gling to construct a horror that will
knock out anything that has thus far
©-♦-<«> -♦- <£> -♦- <i> -*- <$> -♦- -♦- <$>-♦-<£>-♦-©
4 ♦
been seen in the city. Consequently an
other walk may be looked for at no dis
tant date. Some of the most striking
pieces of raiment exhibited are herewith
illustrated.
and tried them out. The result fully justi
fied his recommendation that the little
fellows Be placed in the* cadets' class. The
names of the boys and their scores were:
G. F. Volz, 20 rings; Sidney Volz, 19 rings,
and John McLaughlin, 17 rings, out of a
possible 25.
YACHTSMEN MAKE READY.
Pleasure Fleet Is Being Overhauled
for the Coming Season.
Last Sunday L. A. Haven's launch Al
berta towed Commodore T. L. Hill's sloop
Cygnus down from her winter quarters
at Larkspur to Sausalito, where she will
be got ready for the season. G. T. S.
White's sloop Will o" the Wisp has come
off the ways and is having her cabin
renovated. Her owners intend to put a
new iron centerboard in. When E. C.
Bartlett's yawl Frolic comes off the San
Francisco Club's ways the sloop Rover
will go up. W. P. Humphreys Junior's
sloop Pride is to be towed over from Tib
uron to Sausalito and overhauled by
Smith. Commodore Carl Westerfeld anil
R. H. Morrow's sloop Aeolus has been
entirely recalked and will be painted
below the water line with parafflne paint,
her stern being sheathed with lead to pro
tect it from the teredo. E. H. and Mrs.
Howard have been living on board the
sloop Speedwell during the winter at
Larkspur; next month the yacht will be
brought down to Tiburon. On Tuesday
night ex-Commodore I. Gutte's luckless
schooner Chispa dragged her moorings
and went ashore on the beach, but with
out doing herself serious injury. Ex-Com
modore G. S. Billings' sloop Nixie has
been on Frank Stone's ways at Tiburon
all winter. The Aeolus is also on the
ways, but will be launched next week.
Work on H. Simpkins' new yawl is pro
gressing. The owners of the sloop Clara
nave not as yet made up their plans for
the season.
Over on Oakland Creek the yacht own
ers of the California Club are actively
at work preparing their boats for the
season. The sloop Pactolus is being
thoroughly overhauled at Jules Hart
man's wharf.
At the Oakland navy race held last
Sunday all the canoes except the Nereid
came to grief.
The Oakland Canoe Club has got out
its sailing programme for the season of
1599, which has been prepared by Dr. S.
A. Hackett, H. G. Hinckley and Charles
L. Taylor Jr., Dr. Hackett being club
measurer and hand! capper. ,
Oliver Ortley and W. B. Ortley of the
South Bay Yacht Club have acquired a
steam vessel, which will be of great as
sistance to the yachts when they run
aground In the shoals near Alviso. The
bill appropriating a considerable sum for
the improvement of the Alviso channel
has passed.
PLACED UNDER ARREST.
Lieutenant Neall Reports to Colonel
Compton at the Presidio.
Lieutenant Neall, Fourth Cavalry, re
ported to Colonel Compton, commanding
the Presidio, yesterday morning. The
cavalryman was formally placed under
arrest by his superior officer. This
means that Lieutenant Neall will be con
fined to his quarters until his case has
been disposed of by the military authori
ties. In yesterday's Call was published
the facts in connection with the return
of the officer from Mexico. He has come
back on the advice of friends to stand
trial and make good his shortages.
Colonel Compton would not discuss the
case yesterday. He merely stated that
Lieutenant Neall had reported to him
and that he had ordered him under ar
rest. He refused to say what would be
done in the case. Lieutenant Neall has
made good his public indebtedness. Ma
jor General Shaffer was notified yester
day of Lieutenant* Neall'B return. The
next few days will develop what will be
the outcome of the case. It la highly
probable that Colonel Compton will pre
fer formal charges against the officer and
that he will be court-martialed, but he
has it in his power to let him off with a
reprimand. r '
The men of Troop B. which was com
manded by Lieutenant Neall, were de
lighted at his return. One of them said
yesterday:
"It would take very little time to
acquit the lieutenant if the men of his
own troop were on the court-martial." A
number of the officer's friends called on
him yesterday.
RACING AT OAKLAND.
A Fine Card of Running Events for
Reopening Day — Burns Handi- "
cap Weights.
The rich Burns handicap, valued at
$10,000, will be decided at Oakland on
Saturday of the present week; and the
weights assigned by Handicapper Brooks
were made public yesterday. They are as
follows:
The Burns Handicap, $10,000— A handicap for
two-year-olds and upward. Entrance, $20; $30
additional for horses not declared by 4 p. m.
day after weights are announced; $100 addi
tional for starters. Horses not declared before
1 p. m. the day preceding the race to be liable
tor full starting fee. Winners of any race other
than a selling purse after weights are an
nounced to carry five pounds extra; If handi
capped at less than weight for age, seven
P° u i nds extra. To be run Saturday, March 25,
1899. One mile and a quarter.
Briar Sweet, m 12S Bernardillo, g 103
Beridoran, h 123 St. Apollinaris, g....103
Rulnart. h 124 John Farley, g 108
Altamax, h 124 Rosormonde, m 101
What-Er Lou, h 121 Si hiller, h 100
Don Vallejo, g 121 Our Johnny, h 100
Buckwa, v 120iOsculation, m 100
Satsuma, h mlsardonlc, m 100
Fleur de Lin, m 116jVentoro. g ....100
David Tenny, li m; Espionage, m 99
Scarborough, h 115 St Simonian, h 88
Ostler Joe, h 115|Los Medanos c 97
Dunois, h HljMorlnel, m 96
Topmast, g 114 (Recreation, m 96
Tempo, h 112'Soscol, g 86
La Goleta, m 112'Llmewater, c 95
Hlcro, h 11l Gauntlet, c 93
Ramlro, h 110 Frohman. g 94
Grady, h 110 Humidity, m 94
Morellito, h 110 Maud Ferguson, m.. 94 '
Napamax, m 103 Plan, g 9:!
Cromwell, h 108 Rainier, g 93
Storm King, h 10S Miss Marion, m 93
Eddie Jones, h 107 Fleming, g 90 '
Colonel Wheeler, h..106 rim. c 90
Joe Ullman, g 106 Saintly, g 90
Formero, c 106 Violence, m 90
•First Tenor, c 106|Tenebrae, m 90
Tom Cromwell, h.... 105 J Boardman, c 85
G. B. Morris, g 1051 Gilberto, g 85
Rosinante, m 1051 Baby King, g 83
Wheel of Fortune, mini , Rosebeau, m 85
Torsida, m 1041 Jingle Jingle, m 83
The track over the bay will reopen this
afternoon with a very attractive pro
gramme of events. The entries are large,
calling out the pick of the horses In
training. Quite a number of nominees
for the big handicap of Saturday will face
the barrier, giving race-goers a line on
their present form.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race Five and a half furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds.
782 Charmante 107 1 768 Sweet Cakes 107
... Dicky Bird 109 790 Saintly luj
798 Racebud 107 1 677 Sombre 107
762 Bid Mc 107 ... Somis 109
623 Banewor 107: 798 Purnlah 109
720 Noma 107 832 Pallucas 112
816 Solstice 1071 743 Guatemoc 109
798 Gold Baron 103 1
Second Race One mile; three-year-olds; sell
ing.
831 Espionage 100! 642 Master Lee 102
825 Crossmoiina ....110; 772 Horton 115
648 Romany . . . .' 112 832 Festoso 11"
831 Whaleback 115 751 Juva 100
831 Balista 1151
Third Race— Four furlongs; Flying Stakes;
purse. $1000.
840 Hindoo FrlncesslK* (S29)Kitty Kelly 115
(824)Winyah 115! ... Utilize 110
829 Mortgage 115 824 Jennie Riley 113
833 Xina 115 (S4O) Sardine 115
733 Bee Bee 115!
Fourth Race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
797 Heigh Ho 1031 818 Rapldo 109
818 Widow J0ne5.... 107| (767) Eddie Jones 11)
714 Coda 107 814 Potente 105
792 Stan Powers 105 787 Castake 105
834 Truxlllo 112 170 P. A. Flnnegan.lOS
756 Morana 103 : 762 Deerfoot 105
802 Horatio 112! 767 Sly 107
•
Fifth Race— Seven and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward.
821 Ollnthus 99] 83S Los Medanos 99
(809) Formero 99! 818 Einstein 109
... St. Calatine 97 1 ... Tempo 102
809 Dr. Sheppard....ll3 ! 635 Rosormonde ....103
436 May W 100 760 Satsuma 113
735 Buckwa 118 818 Prince Blazes... 99
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing: three-year-olds and upward.
(SOl)McFarlane 1091 802 Pat Morrissey...lo9
773 Torsida 103' 701 Dr. Bernays 105
837 Joe Mussle 112 766 Twinkle Twink.lo7
(BS4)Jennie Reid 89| 825 Magnus 105
837 Ed Gartland ll.losi(Sl4)Gotobed 10S
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Sombre, Noma, Racebud.
Second Race— Espionage, Horton, Balista.
Third Race— Sardine, Kitty Kelly, Winyah.
Fourth Race— Jones, Truxillo, Sly.
Fifth Race May W, Formero, Dr. Sheppard.
Sixth Race— Torsida, Dr. Bernays, Pat Mor
rlssey. ___^__^_____^_—
CHOYNSKI AND THE
KID ARE NOW READY
ENTERTAIN VISITORS AT THEIR
TRAINING QUARTERS.
McCoy Will Quit Work Wednesday
and Joe Will Take Light Exer
cise From Now On.
Neither a pelting rain nor a heavy south
wind deterred about twenty sports from
visiting the training a-'arters of Choynski
at Ingleside and of McCoy at the Casino
yesterday. The "Kid" disappointed them,
however, for he observed the day of rest,
but Joe satisfied their curiosity by giving
them a complete performance of his ath
letic abilities.
The visitors drove first to McCoy's
quarters and then to Choynski's. All the
coaxing that the lovers of pugilistic prep
aration could muster for the occasion was
inefficacious when directed toward the
Easterner. He said he was in ripe con
dition and that his body needed rest. He
was lively of spirit and invited them all
to see him at work during the next three
days, for he will cease training on Wed
nesday, holding off from all manner of
exercise until he steps In the ring Friday
night.
Choynski, under the eye of Graney, gave
an exhibition of what he can do when
called upon. A hot bout with McConnell
and one or two others, bag punching and
rope skipping made the sum total of his
work yesterday. Joe jumped the rope so
well and so long that even Graney was
winded. Some of the visitors began count
ing the revolutions of the rope, but they
soon became lost In inextricable mazes.
Eddie Graney at the conclusion of the
performance claimed he had kept tally
and he shouted 4000. The crowd turned
round and moved toward the bar. Graney
paid for the drinks.
Light work will be the order of training
for both men during the last few days.
Sport in the Handball Court.
There was a large crowd at Ryan's
handball court yesterday to witness a
game between two young pupils of Pro
fessor Riordon, who have been in train
ing for six months. Neither of these
young athletes has seen his twentieth
birthday, yet they played a game yester
day for the medal offered by Phil Ryan
for the best amateur players frequenting
the court.
The game was single-handed and was
between M. Maguire and E. Curley. The
boys played for all they were worth, and
at the finish of one of the closest games
played in the court for a number of years
they received a round of applause from
a crowded gallery that would have made
veteran athletes proud. v •/ .
Their scores were as follows:
Curley won five aces and was presented
with the medal. The other scores were:
Maguire . 21 19 12 21 21
Curley ;* 20 21 21 19 18
J. Oaks and B. Collins defeated W. Smith
and C. Price; 21—10. 14—21, 21—9.
B. Clements and L. Kenny defeated W. Has
sell and T. Clements: 21—19. 21—14. 21—20.
L. Waterman and D. J. Sheehan defeated N.
J. Prendergast and E. Lynch; 21—11, 16—21,
21—14. .•::■;•
E. McDonough and P. Ryan defeated W. H.
Sleberst and M. Basch; 21—19, 12—21, 21—15.
M. McLaughlin and A. McVicker defeated J.
Condon and T. Leach; 21—17, 11—21. 21—13.
J. Furlong and J. Mcßrearty defeated C.
Hussey and E. Wilson; 21—12, S— 2l, 21— IS.
P. Kelly and W. Dillon defeated P. Hutchin
son and F. McManus; 21—19, 11—21, 21—16.
A. Hampton and R. Llnehan defeated J. C.
Nealon and J. .White; 21-18. 15—21. 21—13.
COURSING BUT
SO GAMBLING
AT INGLESIDE
Moondyne II Beats
Mac's Melody.
SLOW RACING ON WET FIELDS
FORM PLAYERS IN GREAT LUCK
AT UNION PARK.
Nearly Every Event on the Long
Programme Captured by the Fav
orite Controller Wins
the Puppy Stake.
There were about fifteen law-abiding
coursing men and twenty policemen un
der the command of Captain Dillon at the
Ingleside Coursing Park yesterday after
noon. The patrol wagon that stopped at
the entrance served but the purpose of an
ornament, for no pools were sold and the
squad of officers did not have an oppor
tunity to reduce weight through violent
exercise.
The dogs ran just the same from the be
ginning of the programme to the end.
There was no shouting of poolsellers, no
cheering or enthusiasm. The dogs were
exercised and the owners seemed satisfied.
Without the necessity of waits to give
poolsellers a chance to earn their illegal
commissions the card was run off in
speedy fashion. The entire day's sport
was completed by 3:30 p. m.
Moondyne won the stake from Mac's
Melody after a hard course. The hares
were slow on account of the heavy
ground, and a heavy rainstorm through
out the afternoon seemed to take the life
out of the dogs. The results were as fol
lows:
Tommy Rex heat Rose of Tralee: Rocket beat
Victor Queen; Regina beat Speculation; Johnny
J: beat Prince George; Moondyne 11 beat Hicks;
Las Palmas beat Seminole; Conquerer beat
Miss Grizzle; Victor beat Lady Gilmore; May
flower beat Clifton Lass; Dolly Yarden beat
Whisk Broom; Flyaway beat Richmond; St.
Michael beat Mohawk; Mystic Maid beat
Master Mat; Ben Bolt beat Statesman; Norah
beat Brutus; Nonpareil beat Matchless; Mac's
Melody beat Lady Emma; American Eagle beat
Silverado; Marietta beat Liberty; Gladiator
beat Soubrette; Thornhill beat Nellie B; Re^t
Assured beat Maid o' Hill.
Second round— beat Tommy Rex;
Moondyne II beat Regina; Johnny R beat Las
Palmas; Victor beat Conquerer; Mayflower beat
Dolly varden; Flyaway beat St. Michael;
My sic Maid beat Ben Bolt; Norah beat Non
pareil; Mac's Melody beat American Eagle:
Gladiator beat Marietta; Thornhill beat Rest
Assured.
Third round— Rocket beat Johnny R; Moon
dyne II beat Victor; Flyaway beat Mayflower;
Mystic Maid beat Norah; Mac's Melody beat
Gladiator; Thornhill a bye. .
Fourth round— Moondyne II beat Rocket:
Flyaway beat Mystic Maid; Mac's Melody beat
Thornhill.
Firth round— Flyaway withdrawn, leaving
Mac's Melody a bye and Moondyne II in the
finals.
Final— Moondyne II beat Mac's Melody.
PIKERS WENT BROKE.
A Winning Day for the Talent at
"Union Park.
If a contingent of Stanford students had
been out at Union Park yesterday and
had followed in betting the cardinal col
ors they would have come home with
their pockets weighed down with coin, as
in the first round of the open stake ten
out of fourteen dogs sporting the cardinal
colors won, and In the first round of the
puppy stake the red flag was the winning
one in every course. The sport from a
sportsman's view was very high class and
the dogs ran true to form in nearly every
instance, which made it a good day for
the talent.
The open stake was won by Lowe &
Thompson's St. Oran, who ran well all
day. Golden Rule was the runner up.
Metallic was the favorite In the betting
in the long odds book, but the Pasha Ken
nels' entry was put out by Golden Russet
in the fourth round. The puppy stake
was won by Controller, who defeated
Black Night, a promising young bitch, in
the finals with a few points to spare. The
results of the day were as follows:
Open stake, second round— St. Oran beat O.
K. Capitol; Snapshot beat Gold Hill; Victor
King beat Christmas Day; Jennie Wilson beat
Magneto; Royal Buck beat Wait a Little; Beau
Peep beat Sir John Arnot; Susie beat The
Exile; Ida beat Morning Glory; Lord Byron
beat Sylvia; Metallic beat Candelarla; Theron
beat Tod Sloan; Golden Russet beat Jersey
Lily; Emln Pasha beat L. S. Conley; Petron
ius beat Dick L.
Third round— St. Oran beat Snapshot; Jennie
Wilson beat Victor King; Royal Buck beat
Beau Peep; Ida beat Susie; Metallic beat Lord
Byron; Golden Russet beat Theron; Petronius
beat Km in Pasha.
Fourth round— St. Oran beat Jennie Wilson;
Royal Buck beat Ida; Golden Russet beat
Metallic; Petronlus ran a bye.
Fifth round— St. Oran beat Royal Buck;
Golden Russet beat Petronlus.
Final— St. Oran beat Golden Russet.
Puppy stake— Santa Ana beat Graziella; Chief
of the Hill beat Rollicking Airs; Star of Cuba
beat Rock Island King; Black Night beat Run
Amuck; Controller beat Miss Rabbit; Shylock
Boy ran a bye.
Third round— of the Hill beat Santa
Ana; Black Night beat Star of Cuba; Controller
beat Shylock Boy.
Fourth round— Night beat Chief of the
Hill; Controller ran a bye.
Controller beat Black Night.
Hounds and Hares at Stockton.
STOCKTON, March Coursing results at
Goodwater Grove to-day were as follows:
Thirty-four dog stake— Run downs— Girl
beat Port Costa Lass; Prince of Fashion beat
Iron Duke; Promise Me beat San Mateo; Said
Pasha beat Lillle D; Swinnerton beat Arab;
Dempsey Lass beat Charming May; Forget-
Me-Not beat Hazel Glen; White Tip beat
Mystic; Fireball beat Better Than Gold; Hum
mer beat Mystery; Glen Chloe beat Sarcastic;
Fireman beat Duke of Oak Grove; Jessie S
beat Bend Along; Olga beat Red Cloud; Sun
beam beat Wheel of Fortune; Mercury beat
Pacific Queen; Minneapolis beat Crawford
Braes.
First ties— lowa Girt beat Prince of Fashion;
Promise Me beat Said Pasha; Swinnerton beat
Dempsey Lass; "White Tip beat Forget-Me-Not;
Hummer beat Fireball; Glen Chloe beat Fire
man; Jessie S beat Olga; Mercury beat Sun
beam. ■■ ' ■
Second ties— Promise Me beat lowa Girl;
White Tip beat Swinnerton; Glen Chloe beat
Hummer; Minneapolis beat Jessie S; Mercury
ran a bye.
Third ties— Promise Me beat Whie Tip;
Minneapolis beat Mercury; Glen Chloe ran a
bye. I.' - t
Fourth Minneapolis beat Glen Chloe;
Promise Me ran a bye.
Final— Minneapolis and Promise Me divided
first and second money; Glen Chloe third, Mer
cury fourth, White Tip fifth, Jessie S sixth
Hummer seventh, Swinnerton eighth, lowa
Girl ninth. : vC,
* .
Good Sport at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— This proved
another good day's coursing at Agricult
ural Park. The crowd was not as large as
usual, owing to a cold wind in the after
noon, but the grandstand was well-filled.
There were two stakes, a sixteen dog
open stake, and a thirty-two dog reserve
stake for dogs that have not run first or
second since December 1, IS9S. In the
first stake Passons won first and second
money with Merry Maiden and Pat Mal
loy, Fleetwings third. Filinir i fourth
In the reserve stake Winston's ABC
won first money, with Lass o' Gowrie sec
ond, Duty third and Occidental fourth
The longest course of the day was be
tween Reynolds' Belle of San Francisco
and Reliance, in which Belle developed
wonderful staying qualities. There does
not appear to be any abatement in inter
est In coursing, and the crowds keep up
well. .-•••.' . -; *
THE BUSH-STREET NUISANCE.
Sutter-Street Company Is Responsi
ble for the Ruts Caused by
■V.'t\^ the Car Tracks.
City and County Attorney Lane has
submitted an. opinion to the Supervisors
regarding the condition of Bush street.
He fixes the responsibility for the
nuisance on the Sutter Street £*»»»£
Company, which formerly owned the rails
on the street. In concluding his opinion
Attorney Lane says:
"I advise that the channels or ruts now
remaining upon Bush street where the
raffs i formerly ran constitute * public
nuisance, which the city may, by civil
action brought against the Sutter Street
Railway Company, cause to be abated.
My delay In replying to your request for
mv opinion on this matter has been due
to my P desl?e to find some adjudicated case
that might serve a a Precedent butnot
withstanding a long and careful ' ■«» ch I
have been unable to find , a ,, case, either
in the courts of this country or-in^Eng
land, in which the same state of facts was
passed upon as here involved.
THE COMING BENCH SHOW.
Preparations for a Grand Exhibition
of High Class Dogs Are
Being Made.
The American Kennel Club's Pacific
special committee is in possession or
powers that, with slight exceptions, make
it practically independent of the Bovern
ing parent body. its first meeting will be
held on the »th Inst., and various matters
await its judicial decision.
The Pacific Mastiff Club held its month
ly meeting last night. Duncan S. Murray
and William H. Dick were elected d rect
ors one to replace K. Docker, and the
other as substitute for C. A. Spreckels.
vice president, now traveling in Europe.
The new rule of the American Kennel
Club limiting the validity ,of a ••listing"
to one year, excites much comment. The
rule is not altogether prejudicial to the
owners' Interests, as many will undoubt
edly prefer to register their dogs in the
stud book to paying 25 cents yearly for
the mere privilege of showing their dogs
in -i bench show. The registration gives
a certificate of the dog's pedigree and
greatly enhances his value for breeding
purposes. that in the future clubs
will be compelled to charge exhibitors the
extra 25 cents for the listing fee, as the
ax will be too heavy a drain on the
civs exchequers under the new ruling.
club W Lacy of Boston, who is to judge
at the * coming San Francisco Kennel
bench shoT will probably bring out a
brindled mastiff pup by Dr. th C do A g
I oueest's Black Peter. This is the nog
that Dr Fred d'Evelyn intended to pur
chase. and was prevented from i so doing
l.v'hfs imperative recall to San Francisco
It is understood that Mr. Lacy is bringing
out the mastiff for J. P. Norman, the sec
retary of the Pacific Mastiff Club and or.
the American Kennel Club's special com-
m E tC C Plume, the owner of the famous
cocker' spaniel Champion Viscount is of
fering a splendid trophy for competition
at the May show. It is supposed that Mr.
Plume will make a gallant effort to cap
ture the exhibit, and his kennel is at
Present in such fine fettle that it is quite
likely that the cup will return to its lib
eral donor. _
An Active Organization.
At a meeting of the Mission Federation
of Improvement Clubs. Saturday night,
various subjects were discussed. In which
some of the Supervisors were not kind y
mentioned. It was charged that certain
members lacked courtesy when the exec
utive committee of the federation waited
on the body while sitting as a committee.
It was broadly hinted that a poor man's
club did not meet with proper considera
tion.
A resolution was passed requesting the
Governor to veto Assembly bill 19, intro
duced by Rickard; also censuring the
Legislature for its failure to pass Mead's
bill, relating to polltax.
Dr. Charles V. Cross, president of the
Western Addition Club, requested the co
operation of the federation in stopping
interments within the city limits after
the year 1902. The federation pledged it
self "to support the proposition.
The suggestion of Chairman Dohrmann
of the Merchants' Association to raise a
special tax to meet the requirements of
outside improvements was favorably re
ceived. The federation is bound to have
the sewer constructed from Ocean View
to the bay along the bed of Islais Creek,
"dollar limit or no dollar limit."
Results at Sutro Baths.
Unmindful of the storm a large crowd
attended the swimming races, at Sutro
Baths yesterday and cheered the contest
ants in the exciting events. Following
were the results:
Fifty-yard dash— First, C. Donovan; second,
D. Harrln.
High dive for boys— T. Guerin; second,
C. Donovan.
Obstacle race through small tank— First, C.
Donovan; second. W. Hurley.
Trapeze diving, open to all — First, T. Guerin.
Trick and fancy springboard diving —
C. Donovan.
Under water swimming— E. Winfleld;
second, J. A. Jackson. - : - "■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
5• // \*' -n*
**• v fit ****. *~3 -5 C
1 J nH
DOCTOR SWEANY,
The old reliable and longest-established special-
; . -: ists on the Pacific Coast.
NERVOUS DEBILITY and all its attend-
ing ailments of YOUNG, MIDDLE-AGED and
OLD Men. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, causing weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in th«
back, loins and kidneys and many other dis-
tressing symptoms, unfitting one for study,
business or enjoyment of life. Dr. Sweany's
special treatment can cure you, no matter who
or what has failed. •-• -_?■;
WEAK MEN, Lost vigor and " vitality re-
stored to weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened or shrunken through dis-
eases, overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are
restored to full power, strength and vigor by
his successful system of treatment.
RUPTURE cured by his new method with-
out knife, truss or detention from work— pain-
less, sure and permanent cure.
VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling and
tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
ing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON, and
all diseases of the blood promptly and thor-
oughly cured and every trace of the poison
eradicated from the system forever, restoring
health and purity.
PRIVATE DISEASES, inflammation, dis-
charges, etc.. which, If neglected or Improp-
erly treated, breaks down the system and causa
kidney disease, etc., permanently cured.
Women's Diseases a Specialty.
WRITE If you cannot call. Letters confi-
dential and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT— The most success-
ful home treatment known to the medical pro-
fession. Thousands who were unable to call at
office have been cured at home by our special
treatment. Consultation free. Call or address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 to 3
p. m. ; Sundays from 10 to 2.
poo oof3«joooooo co o"o q
w PALACE '-"I
IGRAND gofTEt-aS
D BAH jrJIA/VCKSCO* 2
J? Connected by a covered passageway. J*
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. ™
D All Under One Management. 01
D ROTE THE PUCES: Q
«. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward —
V American Plan. sB.oo per day and upward *■
0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. XI&SPA7BIOK, M&asgtT. a
QjQXLQ OQOOOOOOOOOQ gjj
Bad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and nil derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druggists,
or by mall. RADWAT & CO.', New York.ATROCITIES
HEAPED UPON
THE CLERGY
Helpless Catholic Priests Wan
tonly Butchered by Agui
naldo's Followers.
Father Guillen, an Augustinian Monk, Vividly
Describes the Conditions Existing in
the Unsubjugated Islands in
the Philippines.
With the arrival of thirteen Spanish
friars in this city from Manila last Friday
has come one of the most vivid, realistic
and probably truest descriptions of the
recent insurrection and rebellion in the
Philippine Islands. These men, who have
fallen under the cruel interdict of Ae:ui
naldo, narrate one of the most thrilling
stories of the cruelty and carnage that
have been wreaked and practiced through
the vengeance of the great insurgent
leader upon the Spanish priests of the
islands. Persecuted and ostracised, they
have come to this city to seek protection
from the rebel leader and the Filipinos.
They are all members of the Recolleto
Augustinian Order of Monks, and come
from the various provinces of the islands,
where they have worked indefatigably for
years among the natives. Their stay here
is, however, but temporary, as they ex
pect to sail for Panama this morning.
The story they tell of the persecution,
rapine and revolting cruelty of the Filipi
nos against the Catholic priests is prob
ably the best authentic bit of history that
has been given to the worid. In discuss
ing the implacable hatred of the natives
against the members of their own and,
in fact, all the representative orders in
the Islands they have drawn a perfect his
torical sketch of almost the entire rebel
lion, outlining its causes and predicting
Its results. Rev. Father Felix Guillen not
only voiced his own, but the sentiments of
his colleagues as well, when for the first
time last evening in an interview he gave
for publication a true and realistic con
ception of the insurrection, and an outline
of the probable outcome of the insur
gents' efforts to overthrow the American
troops and establish a nominal republic,
with Aguinaldo as the chief executive.
Father Guillen is from the little town of
Bohol, on one of the islands of the Vis
cayas. Although born and educated in
Spain, he has labored among the Filipinos
for over twenty-five years. In outlining
his impression lie said:
[The effect of the present internecine now
being waged in the Philippines on religion la
one that can be predicted and decided almost
without a doubt, and, in fact, I think, with
certainty. What the religion of the Filipinos
. will be, after the war is over, depends solely
!upon the liberality of the American constitu
tion. We all look for tolerance from your
Government, but nothing but protracted perse
cution from the Philippine monarchy, which
Aguil is endeavoring to establish under
the guise of a sham and nominal form of
government. The intelligent class of natives
are universally a Catholic people, both at heart
and in practice. They are religious in the
truest sense of the word. In proof of this It
may be said that if mass were said at 2 or 3
o'clock in the morning they would attend with
sincerity and devotion. The only "element we
fear is the so-called Indian, or lower and su
perstitious class, which goes to make up almost
the entire rank and file of Aguinaldo's army.
The political outcome of the present turbu
!lent conditions can be nothing else than com
plete subjugation and the absolute annihilation
of Aguinaldo and his followers. The Amer
ican spirit and character have already made
rapid prcgress among the natives of nearly
I every provlrce. Their only desire freedom
and this they know is impossible without the
protection of the American Government. They
want to adopt the Stars and Stripes as their
Rag. They want peace and they realize that
this is the only way of obtaining it.
The insurgents have been forced from every
Island with the exception of Panay and Luzon.
The latter they have made their stronghold, and
from there they plan their operations for the
complete subjugation of the islands. The na
tives of the other islands are not in sympathy
with them, but have i ten up the cause of the
Americans and the exiled priests. Their am
bition is to see the American- take Luzon and
destroy the power of Aguinaldo and his fol
lowers" so that they may have peace. In some
of the islands the natives have manufactured
American flags, which they raised to greet
the American troops on their mission of con
quest. Their sole reason for doing this was
gratitude to the Americans, who had pro
tected them from the vengeance of the insur
gents of Luzon. From what I have heard.
since I arrived in this country, of the general
Impress of the people regarding the rebel
lion I Infer that they attribute It solely to the
influence of Amiinaldo. This is not the case.
Although Aguinaldo is indirectly responsible to
a great extent for the present- Insurrection, he
is not responsible for It entirely.
Associated with him are four Philippine law
yers, who are, in fact, at the head of the ln
•Burg'ents. These men. natives by birth, were
educated in America and Paris. They are now
using their education and knowledge of gov
ernment to deceive the natives by giving ihem
a monarchical form of government in the dls
ruise of a republic. They are all members of
Aculnaido's Cabinet and work with him to
accomplish their own ambitions by furthering
his" They acknowledge him as their chief and
assist him in every way to overthrow the
existent government. They make out and
formulate the orders— he signs them. They plan
the atrocities against the church— he sanctions
them. Their ambition is to obtain all military,
civil and religious power. Assisting them are
«everal Philippine priests, who are desirous of
wresting the religious power from the Spanish
bishops now in charge of the Catholic Church
in the Islands. They expect to receive as a
result of their prestige with the insurgents, if
the latter succeed in overthrowing the govern
meat the sanction of the Pope to the dignities
and power which they covet.
Aguinaldo is not, as many believe, of high
birth He came from the common people, over
whom he is now trying to rule with a tyran
nical hand. In his early career he was coach
man to a priest named Fidel de Blase. About
the same time he was appointed captain of the
miiitia In the town of Bohol. In theory Aguin
aldo i« a devout Catholic, as are all the mem
bers of his family. At his home in the years
gone by the priests were taught the native
language and received encouragement there to
diligently further the work of the church
The insurgents at the commencement of the
rebellion showed every indication of barbar
ism They not only mutilated the bodies of
their enemies., but they drank the blood of the
wounded that they might become valiant. This
inhumanity is yet practiced, and It Is for this
" ; .er reasons that we have been compelled
to leave the islands. Their prevailing trait of
character is stubbornness. There are very few
who rise above the level of the common herd,
and consequently they blindly and lgnorantly
follow Aguinaldo and his councilors They
have implicit confidence in his ability and
deem him a god. believing him to be te
vulnerable. It is my impression that if the
Americans can but capture the four chief sup
rvorters and advisers of Aguinaldo, already
mentioned, the rebellion will be eashy quelled.
oned, tne reoemon win us cc^,., H „w.=~. , ,^.^...~.. — ~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>_©_ ©— ©— o— 4)_ ©— o— a— g— ©—©—©—©—«>— o—o—o—** ° €
' .JA ELECTRIC
j)^i«|.. BELTS!
ItS fl? I / -V In buying an Electric Belt there are two
in) 2£* LJ 43 Ny ways of placing yourself on an exact level
r^ I S-V ' \^, with the gentleman whose open counten-
I '..V *■ l# *'v ance is depicted on our left.
JSi fs/i I \n>,-mfc ' The first is to allow yourself to be per-
pX Jftl |? m m Y®9 suaded by a quack to part with from $30
S^ r !-'• \ S*F to $50 in exchange for an old-fashioned
I { 'A Belt, actually not worth more than $5, and
* 111 Arts the second method is to stumble Into a
_ __ __ . J \l -am drug store and pay from $10 to $20 for soma
f ' SX ■'- J ■** so-called Electric Belt that has cost the
f it ITMfOS'J) druggist about $125 at wholesale.
/ X J* Now. the BIGHT way to do when you
I _, 'ft UPON want a GOOD Electric Belt, is to look up
Iff /// Su some reliable Arm that MAKES Belt*.
II 1 1 I « **■ • ■«*'»-» '"'■/ Well we make em. at from $3 Mto $25
n\ \ V, r\ /*} each ' and have been established 24 years.
U \ *^_ ~J fi \JCSj. Come and see us, or send 2 cents In stamps
I I /jS?'" . ♦iy^S? for "Booklet ELECTRIC CO.,
Vm. 41^*5? PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
v/vU^^V^'^&C^'' 620 MARKET STREET
>/•• - •''-.. /-' .-■.■ (OpposHs P«l»e* HotsJ), S. F.
Until this Is accomplished we can hope for
nothing but continual cruelty and carnage.
The object o" the rebellion against the
priests Is to get possession of the power which
is Invested in their office. This, as the leaders
know, can only be done by depriving them of
their liberties and battling- with the entire
population of the Islands, as the natives refuse
to consent to see us banished from them with
out stubborn resistance. By imprisoning, mur
dering and banishing they hope to wrest from
us our military, civil and religious power,
which we exercise in the various parishes un
der our control.
Although a Governor was appointed by Spain
to rule the islands, his power was simply
nominal. His principal functions were Invest
ed, by his sanction and that of those who sent
him, in the priests, who were considered to
have more Influence over the natives than any
functionary - that could possibly be sent there
to govern them by either force or a policy of
conciliation. Although this power was given
the priests, they never abused it. They recog
nized the Governor and deemed themselves
amenable to him. He controlled the various
towns in name; they governed them in reality.
For these and various other reasons, prompt- i
ed by ambition and greed for power. Aguinaldo
i and his followers' have instigated the rebel-
I lion. Knowing that they could never hope to i
get entire control of the government without
destroying the power of the priests, they have ,
j undertaken to force them to relinquish their
i influence by assassination, imprisonment and
banishment. The atrocities they still continue
to practice upon the priests are appalling.
j When tne rebellion first broke out the cap
tured priests were seized and thrown into j
prison. While there they were offered every j
indignity and insult. Their sacerdotal robes
were torn from their backs. In place of these
I no her clothing was given them save a pair :
; of the thinnest trousers and a small jacket or
coat. Once captured they are not left long to j
| meditate In their cells. Provided with their
scant Nothing they are set to work in sugar
cane fields in the hot sun. Guards are placed
over them, who compel them with the utmost j
I cruelty to work whether they are physically
able to do so or not. Their food for an entire
! day consists of a handful of rice and a little
i water, which is handed them at night. If they :
ask for more they are tortured and cruelly
abused. At night when they return from the
fields they are compelled to sleep on the bare
floors of their prison with absolutely not the
slighest covering for their aching bodies. Some
are thrown into dungeons, while others are
taken into the open squares and beaten.
The natives of the better class have shown
every disposition to help them, but they are
powerless, under pain of death, to render them
the least assistance. Food is forbidden to be
brought into the Jails, and if anybody is seen
assisting some unfortunate priest, by handing
him the least food, he is liable to extreme
punishment and even death.
Just after the rebellion commenced a Fran
ciscan friar smuggled some food into the
prison and was murdered for his trouble. He
was taken into an adjoining field and lashed to
a post, where he died from the effects of the
heat and starvation. If the priests ask for
meat the insurgents cut it from their arms or
other parts of their body and compel them to
eat it. Scores of the unfortunates have been ,
crucified and tortured In various other ways.
To escape their torture we are forced to go
into exile. Just before we left the Philippines
the insurgents made an attack on Bohol. For
tunately the inhabitants were notified and I
hastened to Cebu. where I notified the authori
ties, who sent GOO soldiers to rescue the natives
and save the town. This was successfully done :
and the insurgents were compelled to retreat.
The Indians, or low class native Filipinos,
intend to fight until they either gain their in
dependence or are vanquished. They believe
that if they die in battle their children and j
other relate I will take their places. They are
sanguine of success and place every confidence !
in the ability of Aguinaldo. Much blood will j
be shed I fear before the insurgents surrender. j
Every desire among Spanish and American in- I
habitants Is that peace will be restored In the
near future. The Augustinian monks and mem- i
bers of various other religious orders are hoping j
for the same result, that they may be per- i
mitted to go back to their parishes In the I
provinces and resume their work among the
natives.
When the American soldiers first landed in
the islands the natives accused them of cow- |
ardice, saying they were afraid of the saber.
This impression, however, has given place to ;
a realization of the fact that the Americans are
even braver than the most stubborn Filipinos. !
From November of last year until February !
of the present year I was compelled to seek j
protection In a convent in Manila, where I |
was garrisoned with three companies of the
Colorado regiment. While there I undertook
to teach the men the best way of living in the
Philippines. T showed them the proper food
to eat and the necessary method of living to
be pursued in order to retain their health and
protect themselves from disease. All the priests ;
who have not left the islands are at Manila
under the protection of the Americans.
A Road House Bow.
Tom Klink, proprietor of Uncle Tom's
Cabin, a roadhouse near the Stanyan
street entrance to the Park, was taken to
the Park Receiving Hospital last evening
suffering from a sprained ankle and sev
eral severe contusions about the head and
face. Harry Curtis, Harry Curtis Jr. and
Walter Fogelstrom, whom Klink says as
saulted him, were arrested by Patrolman
J. L. Dunne and booked at the Golden
Gate Park Police Station on a charge of
battery.
Fogelstrom and his companions, father
and son, were drinking in Klink's place
last evening shortly after dark. Accord
ing to Klink they were Intoxicated and
boisterous. When Klink asked them to
keep quiet a row ensued with the above
results. Klink's injuries were dressed by
Dr. Sweeney.
Bain Saved the Clay Pigeons.
ALAMEDA, March 19.— The Lincoln Gun
Club opened the season to-day at Its
grounds at Alameda Point. An Interest
ing list of clay pigeon events was pro
grammed, but the rain which began falling
toward noontime interfered with the
sport. The regular club match at 25 birds
was shot off Tn the morning. The score
follows: Webb 21. Fischer 19. Kamey 22,
Forstor 24. Javete 14. Kerrison 23, Shaw 19.
Sherock 15, Lewis 2, Daniels 21, Keller 5.
Ostrander 11, Bruns 20, Rumff 17. Grubb
16 Fanning 24, Murdock 13. Vinker 19,
King 19, Trombone 24, Schultze 21, Eng.
Forster 19, Bekeart 22, Robertson 20.
Grand Opera To-Night,
The last week of the grand opera season
at the Grand Opera House will begin this
evening. The perfomanee to-night is
"Let Huguenots" in French, with the
joint appearance of the three stars,
Melba, De Lussan and Gadski.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
GAMBLING GAME NEARLY
BESETS IN BLOODSHED
HiiMers Seel to Start a War, tit Are
by Intervention of tie Sii Companies.
In a game of fantan one Chinaman touched the money which a country
man of his had wagered, yesterday afternoon, and the act nearly caused a
bloody war. The intervention of the different heads of the Six Companies
prevented bloodshed, which the police expected, and would have been inev
itable had not the authorities been notified and means taken to prevent an.
outbreak. i • ,
Yesterday afternoon a game was in progress at a 'merchants club in
Chinatown. Some dozen Mongolians were venturing their money on the
beans, when one, a member of the Suey Sing Tong. thinking he had won
the small amount ventured, sought to "rake in" 40 cents lying on the table.
Another of the players, a member of the Hop Sings, claimed the money and
an animated discussion ensued. This trouble was arranged satisfactorily as
every one expected and the game went on.
While it was believed that the trouble over the disputed "pot" was at an
end, the two men implicated in the controversy knew the matter had not been
arranged satisfactorily. Each watched for an opportunity to do the other
an injury. The game continued for several hours, and as neither of the Chi
namen who had participated in the first quarrel saw his chance, the fan
tan game was uninterrupted.
The Suey Sing man, whose 40 'cents had gone to swell the wealth of the
Hop Sing man. determined upon revenge. In the course of the game a large
amount 'of money appeared on the table. The Hop Sing, who had been play
ing in luck, displayed several stacks in front of him. This display of wealth
on the part of his enemy irritated the other, who had been losing, and his
superstition tempted him to seek to "queer" the Hop Sing.
Cautiously reaching over he touched the pile of gold stacked up in front
of his adversary. This action, according to the superstition of the gam
blers, meant that the luck which the Hop Sing had been enjoying should
transfer itself to the Suey Sing. There was a row as soon as the money was
touched, and a free-for-all fight, in which Hop Sing and Suey Sing members
took part, started.! Bloody noses and black eyes appeared in less time than
it takes to tell it. The managers of the house quieted the disturbance and
the men engaged In the game departed. £ ■
This, however, was not the end of the trouble. Meetings of the Suey Sings
and the Hop Sings were called and each tong declared war on the other. Lieu
tenant Price was notified of the threatened war by the manager of the gam
bling club, where the quarrel began, and he immediately made preparations
for trouble. The members of the squad were told of the threatened war and
warned to look out for shooting. It was soon known throughout Chinatown
that the police were cognizant of the fact that a fight was brewing, and this
information caused the Six Companies to attempt to stop the war.
The See Yup Company, to which both the Suey Sings and Hop Sings be
long, held a meeting last evening and sought to bring the two fighting tongs
together. Just what transpired at this meeting, which was secret, is not
known, but the police were informed that the trouble between the Suey
Sings and Hop Sings was satisfactorily adjusted.
IOiO»Mfl) + 04fJt ft tHfrtftt • > r ♦+-i-f^*«+<H''»+<&+^+4-f*+^+^+*H
LIFE AND HOPE
FOR "THE MAN
WITH THE HOE"
Two Boons for the
Cheerless Worker.
j LIGHTEN LABOR'S BURDENS
i MISSION OF ALLIED AMERICA
AND ENGLAND.
The Man Without a Hoe, Without a
Friend or a Penny More to Be
Pitied, Says Rev. William
Bader.
"The Man With the Hoe" was the topic
of the morning sermon by Rev. William
I Rader in the Third Congregational Church
i yesterday. The speaker took for his text
the very apt command contained In Gen
esis iii:l9: "In the sweat of thy face
shalt thou eat bread." Dr. Rader spoke
; in part as follows: •.,'. ■/'-
"There are three instruments of civiliza
: tion— ho£, the pen and the sword.
They symbolize, respectively, labor, expres
! sion and force. The hoe Is the symbol of
j the redemption of the soil, the recovery
! of the earth under our feet. This was the
i first dream of the earliest barbarian— the
mastery of the field.
"The pen is one of a trinity. The pen,
the brush and the chisel sympolize ex
; pression in literature and art.
"The sword stands for might. It is in
vested with government, law and force.
The pen. It is said, is mightier than the
' sword, and it may be truthfully said that
as an actual force in the civilization of
the world the hoe is mightier than the
i pen.
"Millet has painted a picture called 'The
Man With the Hoe.' He describes a
French peasant leaning, with horny
' hands, on the rough implement of labor.
; He does not own probably the clods under
his feet or the hoe in his hands. There
: he stands in the hold, the embodiment of
1 industrial despair.
"To Professor Markham of Oakland be
longs the honor of giving to this picture
its most perfect interpretation. lam sure
1 you who have read his lines will not ac
cuse me of extravagance when I rank his
j poem with Kipling's 'Recessional' and
i 'The White Man's Burden.'
"The artist has put into this face the
; idea of work. 'Work,' says Ruskin, 'is re
| ligion.' Carlyle, too, called it religion. So
] does every man who has honestly and
l cheerfully labored. Men may work by
I their hands, their minds or their souls; all
I are not fitted for manual labor. The work
j of the higher man is the poorest paid.
; Witness Dante and Milton and what they
1 received for their dreams. Dungeons and
I bitter salt, says Ruskin. Stephen was
1 paid in stones for the greatest of sermons.
Goodyear, who gave the world the use of
'.. rubber, died a pauper.
"Labor is religion, laziness a crime. The
' busiest people are not always the great
! est workers. They are sometimes like
: wheels, spinning without flax.
"Work without hope is put into this
i man's face. ' Under the sunburnt skin is
j drudgery. In the wrinkles are laid
j away the noblest passions of the heart
as in graves. It is the deadly routine,
without hope, that crushes. Thousands
: of people work hard without any hope of
getting rid of debt, lifting the mortgage
or giving John money to go to college.
Hard work with nothing ahead but pov
erty takes the light out of the face. It
takes away imagination, self respect and
faith.
"The duty of the Christian nations is
not to conquer the world, but to elevate
the world already under their flags. The
duty of Christian America and England
is to restore to the face of labor the light
of imagination, respect and religion. Let
us twine our flags together for this di
vine purpose.
"Professor Markham has called this
man a 'thing.' There are no 'things' in
a land of free institutions, free schools
and ballot-boxes, and yet some of our
laboring men have almost been reduced
to the level of the European peasant.
Even our negroes had sunshine back of
their black skins. They believed in soul.
"There are three lessons to be learned.
First, the deep tragedy of the labor
world, a tragedy enacted all about us, in
the battle for bread. Second, that mak
ing a living is not the end of life. Work
is not an end in Itself. You who educate
your sons to make a living only make a
mistake. Life is not meat and drink and
houses and carriages. 'A living' is some
thing man places under his feet and
reaches the stars. It is an advantage.
It Is an opportunity. Third, the man with
out the hoe Is more to be pitied than the
man with the hoe. He who died In a lodg
ing-house last week without a hoe, a
friend, a penny, and was laid away in the
potter's field— oh. he is the pathetic pic
ture of civilization." _>• ..-:
A Shoestore Burglary.
Shortly after 12 o'clock Saturday night a
burglar broke into Stelnbogk's shoe store,
256 Ninth street, by cutting through the
wall of a vacant house next door, then
through a second wall into the shoe store.
The visitor took several pairs of shoes,
fitting a pair on himself and leaving his
old shoes as a reminder of his visit. The
burglary was well planned and carried
out.
SALVATION ARMY
SELF-DENIAL WEEK
SPECIAL MEETINGS IN THE DIE-
EERENT CORPS.
A "Pony Altar" for Public Collections
Will Be Led by an Army Lassie
Around the City.
This Is self-denial week in the Salva
tion Army all over the United States.
The object is to raise funds for the for
eign and home missions of the organiza
tion, and special services with peculiar
features will be held every evening at
the different posts for this purpose. At
the headquarters on Market street to
night will be "Target Night," in which
the members of the army will be instruct
ed in their duties of gathering in the col
lections. Tuesday night Lieutenant Col
onel Evans, assisted by the Golden Gate
Guards band, will conduct the I meeting.
Wednesday the lieutenant colonel and
Mrs. Evans will conduct a missionary
meeting. Thursday night Staff Captain
Mrs. Dunham will speak. Friday night
Staff Captain Reid and Ensign Neil will
hold a big social meeting. Saturday night
Ensign Withers will lead a junior demon
stration in which the Chinese children
and others will take part. Sunday after
noon there will be an altar built in the
hall, and all the collections of the week
will be deposited thereon.
Altars will be placed at the street cor
ners where a Salvation lassie and a deco
rated collection box will receive whatever
money may be donated by the public dur
ing the week. Another odd feature will
be a wee Shetland pony burdened with a
collection altar and lead around the city.
This will be called the "pony altar," and
it is expected that the little horse will
return to headquarters loaded down with
missionary donations.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 13, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
lost season, and rainfall to last twenty-four
hours: _ _ ,
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.12 28.01 28.03
Red Bluff 0.06 14.97 12.
Sacramento 0.08 11.27 8.55
San Francisco 0.3S 10.50 7.52
Fresno Trace 4.84 3.86
San Luis Obispo 0.42 10.70 6.45
Los Angeles 0.00 4.00 6.01
San Diego 0.00 4.29 3.81
Yuma 0.00 .1.34 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54; minimum, 48; mean, 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm noted last evening oft the coast
has moved rabidly northeastward and is now
central in the British possessions north of
OP INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
JH CORRESPONDING WITH AHY OF THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MEHTIOH "THE CALL."
COPPERSMITH. .
JOSEPH FOX, Supt- H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
BELTING.
Ln TIPfiFM Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. UEUEfI, Lace Leather. 105.107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationary.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDItW * CANS - Makers and Dealers la
DAIIA tt 3UnjLandau«. Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gat* aye. and Polk
St.. San Francisco.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
COO BATTERY STREET. O
-. '•:'■ • Telephone Main 1864.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. S?& a & 5 %3?4
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS BOYES 4 CO., \%3^E532Z
Washington. Light rain has fallen in. Califor
nia north of Tehachapi, the greatest
amounts being along the central coast; light
showers have also fallen In Washington and
Oregon.
The winds along the coast are generally
westerly, but the pressure continues to fall;
this would indicate a continuance of the show
ers to-night and at least a portion of Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. March 20, 1539:
Northern California— Showers Monday; light
variable winds.
Southern California— with showers in
the mountain regions Monday; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Showers Monday.
Utah— Rain or snow Monday; cooler.
Arizona — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy,
with showers. Monday: light variable winds.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The tilth and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, MARCH 20.
Sun rises 6:13
Pun sets 6 :22
Moon sets 2:21 p. m.
O I Time I Time! • Time Time
f° Ft. I ! Ft. I f Ft. I ! Ft.
» L, W H W L, W H "W
20 ... 0:18 3.2] 6:06 4.6 1:16 0.6 8:35 4.5
21 ... ! 1:30 3.1 7:14 4.6 2:01 0.6 9:09 4.8
22 ... 2:21 2.81 8:11 4.7 2:39 0.7 9:39 5.0
23 ... 3:02 2.4' 9:01 4.8 3:16 0.8 10:04 5.1
'4 .. 3-38| 1.9 9:46 4.8 3:4$ 1.0 10:2S 5.2
25 ... 4:11 1.4' 10:29 4.9 4:16 i.i 10:50 5.3
26 ... 4:46 1.0 11:10 4.9 4:47 1.3| 11:15 5.5
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand' column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, a3 sometimes occur. The heights
plven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Pt'amer. I From. ! Due.
Steamer.
■• i
Coos Bay Newport 'Mar. 20
Luella 'Tiliamook Mar. 20
Aloha [Point Ar»na Mar. 20
Wellington I Departure Bay Mar. 20
A. Blanchard ..I Coos Bay Mar. 20
Progreso [Seattle Mar. 20
Crescent City... (Crescent City Mar. 20
Mackinaw ' Tacoma ; Mar. 20
Colon IPanama M ir .1
Humboldt IMar.2l
Chilkat iHumboldt [Mar. 21
Columbia IPortland Mar &
Corona 'San Diego Mar. 21
Weeott ICoofl Bay Mar. 21
Leelanaw Seattle "
WTUamette Beattle I Mar. 23
Bristol Departure Bay Mar. 22
Mlneola Nanaimo Mar. 23
Orizaba 'Newport Mar. 23
Point Arena 'Point Arena Mar. 23
Arcata [Coo« Bay Mar. 23
Walla Walla... [Victoria & Puget Sound Mar. 23
Bd Coqnllle River Mar. 23
Pomona : Humboldt Mar. 23
Par.ta Rysa San Die^o Mar. 25
Doric China and Japan Mar. 25
Ettrlekdale China and Ja:>an Mar. 25
State of Cal Portland liar. 28
North Fork ! Humboldt Mar. 26
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Acapulco ..'Panama 'Mar. 20. 11 tt.'PMSS
Pomona !Hnmbo!dt ! Mar. 20, 2 pm Pier 9
Cocs Bay... [Newport ;Mar. 21. 9 am Pier 11 !
A. Blanch'd : Coo« Bay Mar. 21. 5 pra^Pier 13 :
Aloha IP^lnt Arena. . M;ir. 22, 3pm I Pier 2
Alameda ..[Sydney rafar. 2S, 10 pmlPler 7
Queen "• v Pjft Sd.iMar. 22, 10 ampler 9
Weeott 'Yaqulna Bay. f Mar. 23. 10 am Pi»r 13
Corona !San Dlepo Mar. 23. 11 am: Pier 11
Co«ta Rica. Acapulco Mar.23, 12 mIPMSS
Columbia .. Portland 'Mar. 24, 10 am, Pier J4 j
Orizaba Newport Mar. 25. 9am Pier 11 i
China | China* Japan Mar. 25, 1 pmIPMSS |
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. .'Mar. 2. r , 3pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay [Mar. 20, 10 am! Pier 13 i
Walla Wall Vie ft Ppt Sd. Mar./". 10 am Pier 9 i
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, March 19.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. "5 hours from Newport.
Stmr Navarro, Higgins. 21 hours fm Caspar.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, 23 hours from Usal.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 21 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 23 hours from
Eureka.
Schr Newark, Beck, 20 hours from Bowens
Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday, March 19.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, Astoria.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Afognak. Miller, Chignik Bay.
Br stmr Wyefleld. Cartmer, Nanaimo.
S. hr J G Wall, Bjornstrom, Eureka.
Schr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Free Trade. Hansen.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Hansen, Coqullle River.
RETURNED.
Sunday. March 19.
Schr Ralph J Long, hence March IS for Point
Sur, . returned on account of strong SE winds.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Mar. 19, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind SE; velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Mar 19 Stmr Leelanaw,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Mar 13— Schr Wing and
Wing, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar 19 Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco; stmr Signal, for Seattle.
Arrived Mar li— bark Les Adelphes, from
A!g>a Bay.
EUREKA— Arrived Mar IS— cchr Lottie Car
son, from Newport South; schr Serena Thayer,
from San Pedro. 19 — Stmr Sot Coast, hence
March I*.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Mar Stmr Alcazar,
from Greenwood; stmr Brunswick, from San
Pedro. _ , _
MENDOCINO— Mar 19— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Mar 1?.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Mar Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco. r - •.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Mar Stmr
Victoria, for Hongkong.
TACOMA— Arrived Mar Stmr Elihu Thom
son, from Seattle. •'_;'. J ;
Sailed Mar 19— Stmr Victoria, for . Yokohama.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Mar 19— Stmr La Tour
alne, from Havre. V -
HAVRE— Arrived Mar Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar 19— Stmr Urn
bria, from Liverpool for New York.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton St Hedlev. Props..
! 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do-
I ecription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
LIQUORS.
Gudold Whiskey, gallon Jl 50; case $6 00
F. C. O. Whiskey, do $1 25
L. CAHEN & SON, 41S Sacramento St.. S. F.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co,.
IfILLMmLMC 722 Montgomery Street.
PRINTING.
t- C- HUGHES? 511 Bansoma street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
™35T CARTRIDGE SSfr.
THE ffICKS-JUDD CO-, fiXr •«%% ;„.
TYPEWRITERS.
2§|L All Typewriters Rented.
SiiSSiipl few partly used for sale cheap.
ISbWI* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
JgKpjgHk L. &M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery street.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forw"r^!ng Agents and Public Weighers. G.
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen.
eral office. 210 California st. TeL Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
Tf FTVT4V Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LVaV 1» II IS-k. Wedding Rings. 43d at.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. •* Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES. -■■ ■ .
la the Beat Coal fn the Market.
Office aad Tarda— iW Mala BumL
OCEAN TB.AVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j tfc^ Steamers leave Broadway :
ifv!!o«p*w wharf, San Francisco:
KjfcSStea. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. tn..
Mar. 12. 17. 22. 27; Apr. 1;
iH^^^ow For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. j
ISS^Sfts<Ok Mar. 12. 17. 22. 27; Apr. 1:
B*S &sK>Ba*\ change at Seattle.
A"jP|«By For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
i vCS^tmA B.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
I "^oBJ 991 Tacoma. Everett. Anacc.rtes i
and New Whatcom (Wash.), |
** 10 a. m.. Mar. 12. 17, 22. ,
27; Apr. 1. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. ;
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. alar.
10. 15. 20. 25. 30; Apr. 4. and every fifth day
thereafter. _,
r For Santa Cmi, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). |
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) ana
Newport. 9 a. m.. Mar. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; Apr. ■
2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
! Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
j m.. Mar 11. 15. 19. 23, 27, 81; Apr. 4. and every
i fourth day thereafter. ,
For En?enada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. . Mar. 10:
April 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery |
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr SI 3 First Class Including Berth *
ifinC SS Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14. 24; April 3, 13. 23.
State of California sails March 19, 23; April \
i g, IS. 2S. r. :■■■■: ••:
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
i Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
- — |
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line*
DIRECT LINE TOHARVE-PARIS f^a,
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <*£?«<
at M a. m. from Pier 42, North GUilSkßSiik
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE March 25
LA NORMANDTE April 1
LA CHAMPAGNE April 8:
LA BRETAGNE - April 15
LA TOURAINE April 22
First-class to Havre. $55 and upward. 5 per
j cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York. !
J F. FT'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, !
S Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
From New York Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul February 22|5t. Paul March IS !
EC Louis March l l 3t. Louis March 23 j
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon. i
Kensington Feb'y lSlSouthwark March 8 ■
Noordland Feb'y 22 < Westernland.. March li
Friesland March 1 'Kensington March 23 ',
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas- .
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St.. « ny of Its agencies
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m., for j
I YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at '<
I Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and !
| connecting at Hongkong with steamers for j
! India, etc. No cargo received on board on day j
: of sailing.
; HONGKONG MARU Friday, March 17
■ NIPPON MARU Wednesday, April 18 ''
! AMERICA MARU Saturday, May 8 ,
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For I
! freight and passage apply at company's office, :
; 421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ParaciMaol S. S. ALAMEDA !
*j gL&flSl l* sails via Honolulu and
■"■■■■■■j! Auckland for Sydney
y *■*. Wednesday, March 22.
•a.^i-N at 10 p. m.
jfrnrchinJ The S. S. Australia
CylWllliJlll^ sails for Honolulu
(SfiPftth a T2 d p? S £ y ' APrfl *
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues,
England, etc. ; 8818 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
BAY AND EIV33R STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:48 a. !
m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Friday* j
1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlssion-*t- Dock. Pier No. i
\ 2. Telephone. Main 1508.
FARE 50s
"™^ — — ""— mmm **^" *~ —^ *^^^^^
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALOTtm NORTHVESTEHN ST. CI.
vMrO T-jEISSEIEI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIRO
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Poot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.: 18:88,
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:88
and 11:30 p. m-
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:88, U:CO a. m.{ 1:88, 8:88. ,
6:00, 6:20 p. ra.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:60. 5:20. 11:10 a. m. 13:4 A
1:40, 6:10 P. m. Saturdays Extra trips si
1:68 and 6:35 p. m.
PUND ATS— B:IO, 9:40, Uilfl a. m.; 1:40, B*BB, ,
6: CO, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
■ same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Pan Francisco. In Effsot San Frtnclsoo,
>- October 16, ■ i
: Week i Sun- 1893, Bun- i Week '
Days. Days. Destination, days. i days.
> 1 L_ ■ ' , 1 J — ■ ■■
T:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma 6:18 10:25 aa
1:10 pmj 6:00 pm. Santa Rosa, 7:33 pmi 6:22 pa '
r— ■ — ' ■ — ~ — ' i
Fultsn.
fUO am Windsor. 103S SSI
. Eealdsbur*;,
Lytton, ,
Osy son Ills,
•llOpm B*o am Clovardale. 7:88 pm 8:88 pa \
Hopland and
ifdOam Usdan. 7:86 pm 8:88 pa
Warn "~" ' " „ lo:»aa
Brt» am Ournayvllls. 7:88 pm
trSOpm, idipa
"l^Oam "i :00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:48 aa
ana
8(10 pm E:CO pm Glen Elren. 6:10 pm 6:28 pa
'7:30 am 8:00 am. Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 peg r:35 pm fr:22 pa
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark .West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey« ;
■ervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale f0» ;
the Geyssrs; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, ,
ftlghland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad j
prlngs. Soda Bay. Lakoport and Bartlett |
Bprlnga; at Ckioh for Vichy Springs, Saratoga j
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
iprings. Upper Lake, Porao, Potter Valley. .
firohn Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell a,
lanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevtlle, OrVs
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
; Westport. Usal, Willltts. Leytonvllle, Curs, i
Solar's, Bell's Bprtnga, Harris, Olsen's. Dysa, i
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . _ „ . . .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Tlckst Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids,
. H. C. WHITING, „R. X. RYAN.
tfifineral MaaAger. - Caen. Pass Ageat,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »9:30. U:W a. m.: n:4S.
8:46, 6:16, •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. m.
6UNDATS— *3:OO. 10:00. 11M a. m.; n:la>
8:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:35. 7:45, »9:») a. m.J
•12:20. 2:20. «3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:2O. »8:00. 10:00. *U:55 a. m.j
•1:15. »8:10. 4:40. »6:20 p, m. ia
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:43. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
18:85. 2:48. 8:50. 5:20 p. m. ■■' '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 o. m. .— -«, .„
AYS— B:OO. 10:0» a. m. l-:05. 1.20. 3:10,
1:88. 6:10 p. tn.
""• THROUGH TRAINS.
f:»0 a. m. week davs— Cazadero and way »tana
1:48 D- m. Saturdays Duncan Mills and way, '
stations. '"'■ _. . -. __ ,
I RUB am. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ita'fc t
AUCTION SALES.
! AUCTION SALE of HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE
At Residence. 419 Hyde St., '
THIS DAY (MONDAY), March 20, 1539.
At 11 o'clock a. m.
JOS. T. TERRY, Insurance Agent and Auc-
tioneer. 421 California St.: tel. Main 538.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOCTllKtt.l PACIFIC COMPAMT.
(raciric siktsm.)
fraiaa lemr »»n<l rare Un«« to i»rrlT/o ••
MAN rKABt'IKCB.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
ISA — FaoM Deo. IS. 1833. — aB-MTS)
•6:OOa Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations .. . *8:45 a
7:00 a Beulcla, Sulsun and Sacramento.... 3:-83»
7:OUa Marysrille, OrorSUe and Redding via
Woodland s as*
7:oftA Elmira, VaoaTiile and Rnmsejr B:4\BF
?:3«a Martinez, Baa K.i^ou, Yaliejo. Naps,
Otlistcga and Santa Rosa «?*
*:OOt Atlautic Jixpreea. Ojden and Bast.. Bi8»»
BißßaMau Juae. LiTermore, « took too,
lone, Sacramento, Piac j-rlUe,
Marj«Tllle, Uhico, lied Binff «il»r
B:3Ba •Milton, Oakdale and Jamestown... dtlSr
B:OOa Martin »:. Tracy, La turop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 8»«1»»
B:SWa Fresno, Uakt-raiislrt. "Santa Bartiara.
Las Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orlean* and Bast •«•« *»
10.-BBa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7:43»
lit:BOsI Nilca Litermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia,
Porterrille '.." .f'i.
•IrOOr Sacramento Rirer Steamer* •SiOwP
Btttßr Martinez. San Hiuuou, Vallejo,
Napa, tlallatoga. !4anta Ro*a o<loa
BrOOr Benicia, VacaTille, Sacramento,
Woodland, Kulght* Landing.
JiarjavUle, OrorUl '^I?*
B:BOrNUes, dan Joae and Stockton 7»ia#
B:OUrSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno. Bakersaeld, Los
Asgele* PrtSa
HiZßr Stockton, Merced, Fresno IB:!** 1
S<3or Marlines, Tracy, IJendota, Fresno,
Hojave, Santa ITarbara and Lo*
Aagelea »«*»a
15 :OOP Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
- Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East |9:45 A.
B:Swr Santa Fe Rome. Atniunc Kiproaa
for MoJaTe and Kaat «:-»ar
f:OOr European Mali. UgJen and Kaat.... *..*
6:OOr Haywaxda. Nile* and San Jose « « «3 A
•B:BOi- VaJlbjo ■■■ BBil3r
t7:«Or VaUejo, Port Oo*t» and Way Sta-
Uons J»:43»
■ViOOp Oregon Haoraniento, Marys-
Till*. Ileddlug, Portland. Pugel ...
Sound and Kaat a BUS*
«Iwso3r Sanaet Limited. Fresno. Los
Angeles, EI Pa»o, New Orleans • m - m
and East 88t48*»
: "bus LEA.M>R(» 4M» H4YWAUBS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
T Helro^e. Seminarr Park, f ' ;- :~
8:00 a Kiti-lil.urif, Elmfiurat, 0:43 a
•9:OOa San l,eati<ir<i. South Sas (•ot4sa
10.00 a Lesniiro, Eatudlllo, !°. l**-
(ll:t>o.i . Loren.ro, Cherry Wl%'
3:w»r and '.V.15.
5:OOr Ilsywarda. ? 15.
7:00r | BuM through to Silas. "* OF
) I From Nile*. I __
: " COAST DIVISION (SafroTT fiance). "*
(Foot of Market Street.) .
Newarit.CenWr»ille,Ban
BoalderCreek.SantaOrusand'VYay
Statlona. ••■-• »*»•»
•*sl3r Newark, Ceoterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way _ _ <
Stations M i?sl?*
BrlSr Newark. San Jose and Los Ostcs... 0:30 a
f11:43r Hnntera' Excursion, San Jose and
I Way Station* t?'—»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rramSiH fRIHOISOO— Foot of Market Street i Slip 8)—
•7:15 8:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *3:00 >3:OV
•4:03 tS:00 ♦8:00r.B.
yrsmOllUHß— »»«l of Bread wit.—^OO 8.-00 10:004.0.
tI2:CO «I:00 t2:03 i 3:30 ti=So "8:03 rji.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gasge).
. (Third and Townsend St».)
7:OOa San Jose and Way Statlous (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) liawS)
BiOOa Han .!<*«, Trna l'luos, Santa Orua,
Pacific OroTe, Paoo Rubles, Saa
Luis Obispo, uaadalupe, Sort sad
« Principal Way I Station* .i'l2*
BSt4OA Sau Jom aud Way Station* S*tS A
81:30 a San Jose and Way Station* 8<330
•B>43r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sau Joae,
Ollroy, Hollister. Sauta On is.
Sallnaa, Monterey aud Pacid* _ •
GroTeT. .7. 'I*'*?*
•B«SOrB»nJo*e and Way Stations *® ,o **
•4:1 3r San Joae aud Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•Stottr San Joes and Principal Way Stations 8«33a
3:SOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 5:80y
«: 30 San Jose and Way Station* 7:80»
t11:43r San Joae aud Way Station* 7i3or
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
! * Sundays excepted, t Sunday* only. * Saturdays only
! and Thursday*. oTnesdays and Saturdays.
\ aSaturdiys and Wednesdays. bThnrsdar* and Sundays.
California
. Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 31
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY !
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. thai
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New(
York at 1 :30 P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR, Obi
servatlon Car and Eleotria
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dall*
Overland Express.
SAI FEAICISCQ TICKEfIITICE — Xl MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 1581.
Oakland Office— lHB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street,
Ban Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY 111 THE YEAH
fflHHJitf on Pacific;
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT_CHANGE.
BUFFET 6MOKINO AND LIBRAKT CASS]
WITH BARBER BHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
. FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS,
\ PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE). '.
ONLY S% DATS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at * n. a*. ' \
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Franclsoo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQliil
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. ISJ9. train* will run as foUowa
South-bound. North-bound, J
__ i
Passen- Mixed. (Mixed. • Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday g;er. ■
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally. ,
■ ' —^
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 8:00 pro,
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pmj
10:40 am 5:35 pm, Fresno 9:30 am 2:43 pn*
11:88 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pmi
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfteld 2:00 am 11:00 ami
11:59 am 8:25 pm' VUalla 6:40 am \ 1:22 pit*
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare I 6:50 ami 1:05 pn^
• Stopping- at Intermediate points as required. J
For particulars of stare and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Market;
>lrseL-&an Francisco. •
yOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito >rry.»
Leave Ban Franclsoo, coaußsncloc Buadaia
Bept. M, 1893: . « A
Week Days— B:3B a. m.. 1:81 9- ox. fl
Bundays-8:80. 10-.M. 11:88 a. m., ldi *> So, _J
ftonod trip from Mill r aney. 8L ..J
TH OB COOK A SON. Arsnts. m iltfM
Street. Pan Frandsoo **1
/*^w Dr. Gibbon's Dispensarj.
JllLyi-s-tm 025 KEABXY ST. Established
Safef&s*s&a in 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Diseases, Lost Manhood.
625 KEABKT ST. Established
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing body and mind and
2?^^^.*k3 .Skin Diseaat- a The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
,*MifBeSSBB (nrpteusranlerd. CaJlorwrlta.
j> . J. P. UIBBON. Box 1337. 5 ac Francisco.
THE WEEKLY CALL;
.$1 per Year,
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SECRETS OF
A CANDIDATE
WHO FAILED
Cannot Sail a Junk to
Windward.
AN ARMY OF "ALSO RANS"
DESERVE GRATITUDE OF BILL
POSTERS AND PRINTERS.
Proof That All the Intellect of Oak
land Is Not Absorbed in
the Whirl of Petty
Politics.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, March 19.
If anybody be. seeking diversion he
ahould migrate to Oakland and obtain a
residence there long enough to enable him
to run for office. He will not feel that he |
Is a stranger on account of his ambition, ;
for the practice has become a habit. Out
of every two dozen men you meet whoso
faces are at all familiar at least eighteen
of them have "also ran." Nor is this habit
spasmodic. It is constitutional, for the
Oakiander has not yet been found who
Will confess that he is a "has been." It
flatters his vanity and ambition to believe
that he is a "yet" and this idea is only !
dispelled by a funeral.
The past week has been one of comic :
opera. Henry Clay Baraabee has done j
very well at the Macdonough, but his
efforts are Insignificant compared to the
comic opera of last Monday, which
had for its stage the seven wards of this
city. This kind of amusement is not com
plete without its clown. Oakland's farce
was presented with more clowns than le
gitimates. '•,'» .i ,
Robbed of all its "asides," Monday «<
experience demonstrated one great prin
ciple—that to be successful In Oakland a
candidate must either have a good Repub
lican nomination or own a brewery.
To a man who has lived on land all his j
life Monday's election must have been |
funny, but to any one who has passed a j
decade at sea it revives all kinds of un- j
pleasant comparisons. There is a good !
deal of similarity between beating against
a head wind and running for office. When
the candidate heaves up his anchor in the
convention and drifts out with the tide a
quick passage is assured him to the end
of his journey. Everything goes swim
mingly and each day based on "dead reck
oning"—the deadest of reckoning— he
pricks off his position on the chart along :
the course which is going to land him in
office. On paper a splendid showing is
made and no rocks or shoals are in sight, .
everybody goes along with the good fel
low and a successful trip is assured until ;
the sun comes out and some bearings are
taken, or until the ballot-box shows the
'falsity of the "dead reckoning." Then
adverse currents, leeway of friends, un
known rocks of combination are* all dis- j
covered and the unlucky navigator who
vainly persuaded himself that he was in
•command of a first-class clipper realizes
that he has been trying to beat against
■wind and tide in some kind of an old Chi
nese flat-bottomed junk that could not ,
get to windward even if it hud a tug .
ahead of it.
It is always easy to induce a successful
candidate to talk. It is not nearly so
easy to enter into the confidence of one
of the army of the unsuccessful. When
they know their doom they creep into
their holes and for weeks, as a rule,
nothing is seen of them. Whey they re
appear the election is a thing of the past,
merely an incident in their memories, and
something not to be discussed with rel
ish. A couple of days ago one of the un
fortunates ran across my path, and under
the promise of secrecy he consented to let
me into a few of his secrets.
"It isn't so bad after all," said he.
"You have such lots of company. 'x he
only way in which the average Oaklander
Is remembered is by his record as a run
ner for office. Somebody has said that;
the only time an Oaklander runs is when
an office is in sight, but this is grossly
untrue, and I shall not deign to contra
dict it. I always thought I knew all
about it, but it is one thing to surmise
and peep through the curtain, and an
other thing to go behind the scenes ana
experiment a little on your own behalf.
The first peep you get you think you are
looking through a camera— everything is
upside down from what you thought it
was. You realize the immeasurable gulf
existing between the candidate on the plat
form who smiles to the convention, talks
about the unsought honor and declares
his abhorrence of any one who would
seek an office instead of being drawn
toward that office by a double-team, and
the candidate who is conferring with his
executive committee as to how to raise
enough money to keep the thing going till
election day. This limit of spending mon
ey under the purity act is the biggest joke
In the campaign. The assessments alone
of some of the candidates reach their
limit, and when the hone.st aspirant _or
office mildly suggests that he cannot
come up to expectations,_or rather de
mands, the old hand at tne game quietly
suggests to him that there ought to be
•a friend' or two who would be willing
for the good of the cause to plunk a do
nation in the general fund, whic,h, of
course, would not appear as coming from
the candidate.
• "These 'friends' are not hard to find;
they flock around you. Jt is surprising
how many friends are interested in a can
didate if he has the remotest chance, of
being of service to them ultimately. | I
hate to think of the miles I might have
walked trying to borrow a dollar before
I was nominated, when I found out how
easy it is to fare sumptuously after nom
ination through friends of whom I had
never previously heard.
"It doesn't do to be too modest. The
more people that have an interest in you,
the more there are anxious for your suc
cess. I made a big mistake, I declined
to borrow and was foolish enough not to
be an object of Interest to an army
of creditors, and, consequently, no one
"cared how I Cared. This is an error— no
debtors, no workers.
"A little campaign is an eye-opener.
There are some humiliating features to It.
For instance, it is not pleasant on your
way home to run across a vacant lot and
see it adorned with hundreds of impres
sions of a face you are well acquainted
with if you shave yourself. It is still less
pleasant to notice that the vacant lot ad-
Joins the house of a dear true friend who
had promised faithfully that every card
you gave him would mean one vote. This,
however, is only a trifle. Another unhap
py episode is on looking through the re
■ turns to find that in the very precinct
where lives some one on whose veracity
you would risk your life you have not re
ceived a single vote. It takes a big ex
cuse to explain such an incident. The
meanest time of all. however, comes when
you are forced to file a detailed account of
how much the experiment cost. When I
carry my report to the city clerk I can
Imagine my friends getting out their pen
cils and figuring up just how much per
• vote it cost, and I might say right here
that I guess it will come about two drinks
per red cross on the ballots.
"There is one pleasant side to this har
rowing experience. After the election
there is no lack of sympathy. You see
everybody, or nearly everybody, feels the
game- they have all been there. I console
myself with the thought of how others
must be feeling. For instance. I could im
agine M. K. Miller weeping with John L.
Davie, P. J. Keller consoling with Andy
McDonough, Bobby Graham pouring balm
on Miles Doody's wounds, and Mr. Hoi n
isch shaking hands with 'the Sector.'
Looking a little farther back I could see
Robert Fitzgerald and Seth Mann in the
procession, Thomas F. Garrity and W. W.
Camron. And after many companies have
passed In review before my memory I see
the sorrowful form of Major Woodward
bringing up the rear. t> And there are oth
ers; a town of others."
These are no doubt honest sentiments.
They have the ring of truth and experi
ence to them. But although one hundred
out of a hundred and thirty candidates
must know that they have no business
in the field, they fulfill a very useful duty.
They can console themselves with the
fact that (notwithstanding the purity law)
thousands of dollars are distributed
among the printers and bill rosters, and
although their little ambitions smack
somewhat of the tinkling of the bell on
the clown's cap. they are at least deserv
ing of some gratitude.
A few nights ago Rev. Dr. Coyle and
j Colonel Irish presented both sides of the
1 most Interesting question of the hour, the
! Philippine question, at the First Congre
■ gational Church. One might suppose that
: on a stormy night just following an elec
tion and at a meeting for men only there
would not have been a corporal's guard.
The fact that the large hall was packed
and that not a soul moved until it was
over gave rise to a hope that all the in
telligence of the community does not
center around dull politics. Many who
attended expected to hear an excuse
j that on account of the weather the af-
I fair had been postponed, but found in
stead that their dilatoriness resulted
only in their having to stand throughout
the performance Instead of getting a seat.
I And there was no music, no bonfire, no
1 fireworks, nothing but an intellectual
' feast. There is hope for Oakland, after
\ all.
—
Rev. Marshal Law is in one respect like
Professor Jordan. He can draw attention
to himself. In. to-day's little church
paper he hurls this shaft: "Those who
have been on the lookout for the tempta
tions of Lent have not been disappointed.
Melba and Sousa and the Bostonians are
here from the East during the season of
Lent. Many who had resolved not to at- i
tend the theaters during that time weak
ened and purchased tickets to one or the
other of these. Those who resisted these :
temptations will enjoy their Easter the j
better for it." If the congregations at the
Church of the Advent were slim to-day j
the cause is very plain— do not
care to subscribe for the pleasure of be- j
ing publicly reprimanded.
In the Enquirer of Thursday last is the
following little gem, which I will quote
in its entirety: .
"The trial of Mrs. Ada Mentel for the
alleged murder of her husband in Ala
meda last December was to-day set to
begin next Thursday, if the Brandes
trial is then out of the way. Both At
torney Foote and Judge Hall are anxi
ous to get the Mentel case finished before
the Ist of April, when the trout fishing
season opens."
How would the writer of this Item
apologize for the impatience of Jurors
pressed into service at $2 per diem?
STUART W. BOOTH.
WOMEN'S FOREIGN MISSION.
Oakland District California Confer
ence Meets in Alameda Next
Tuesday.
OAKLAND, March 19.— seventh
annual session of the California confer
ence of the "Women's Foreign Missionary
Society for the Oakland district will be
gin at the First M. E. Church In Alameda
next Tuesday.
The programme for the opening day is
elaborate. Devotional services will be
held at 9:30 a. m. by Rev. E. F. Dennett.
After greetings by Mrs. McGiauflin the
enrollment of delegates will follow. At
10:30 Mrs. A. J. Kinsey, district secre
tary, will report, as will also Mrs. A. J.
Mayer, district treasurer. Papers will
then be read by Mrs. O. G. Heaton, Mrs.
Rosa White, Mrs. Marion Coyle, Miss
Lulu Heacock and Miss Marston.
The afternoon session will begin with
a devotional hour, led by Mrs. A. H.
Spring, after which Mrs. F. G. Buchanan
will present the report of the general ex
ecutive meeting. The address of the af
ternoon will be delivered "by Rev. W. S.
Bannerman on "Life in Equatorial Af
rica Among the Cannibal Tribes." Brief
addresses on special work will also be
given by Mrs. Nellie Hanson, Mrs. Hal
sey and Mrs. Marian Taylor, r ; : '
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, March 19.— Mr. Moody
closed his evangelistic work in this city
to-day. His brief season has been at
tended with success, and on each appear
ance he has been greeted with crowded
houses. Mr. Moody leaves with a feel
ing that his efforts have been appreciated.
He takes with him the well wishes of all
who have heard him. ; .J_'^U
At the First M. E. Church to-night Rev.
Richard C. Tjader of Stockholm, Sweden,
who has been assisting Mr. Moody, de
livered a brief and stirring address.
The one hundredth anniversary of the
first public performance of Haydn's "Cre
ation" was observed by the choir of the
Chester-street M. E. Church to-day. Un-
I der the leadership of Professor Finch
several selections were rendered. Mrs.
Jessie Brock-Morgan was the soprano so-
Rev. R. F. Covle. pastor of the First
i Presbyterian Church, spoke to-night on
I the "Consideration of Larger Facts.'
Rev R. C. Stone, the newly elected pas
tor of the Centennial Presbyterian
Church, occupied his pulpit to-day for the
first time, and will be installed to-mor
row night. '•'•'"■•_
Rev C M. Hill delivered a sermon on
"Christian Imperialism" at the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church this morning.
Rev. J. O. Parry of Dodgeville, Wis.,
preached at the Welsh Presbyterian
Church to-day.
"Who Is on the Lord's Side?" was the
I subject of Rev. C. H. Hobart's sermon at
the First Baptist Church to-night.
At the First Unitarian Church this
' morning Rev. J. T. Sunderland spoke
I upon "Lessons From Mr. Moody.
Rev R S. Boynes of Sacramento
< preached the morning sermon at Asbury
Methodist Church to-day.
Sudden Death, of Carl Bruntsch.
ALAMEDA, March -Carl C. G.
Bruntsch died suddenly this morning at
his home. 2061 Central avenue He had
not been enjoying the best of health for
some time, and about three weeks ago
was advised by his physician to stop work
for at least a year if he desired to get bet
ter He did as instructed and was feeling
much improved from the rest from busi
ness cares. Last night when he retired ne
felt much encouraged over his condition.
The attention of his wife was attracted
this morning by his labored breathing,
and she summoned medical assistance.
Mr Bruntsch died from heart failure be
fore the physician arrived.
Deceased was senior member of the firm
of Bruntsch & Beeu. commission mer
chants of 500 Battery street. San Fran
cisco He was 56 years old and a native
of Germany. He leaves a widow and five
children. _
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. March 19.-Mrs. Carol ne
Anderson, wife of August Anderson, died
this morning at her home. 1247 Broadway.
She was 56 years old and a native of bwe-
e john W. Woods, general secretary of
the Brotherhood of St. Andrew in the
United States, addressed a meeting of
men this evening at Christ Church. He
delivered an interesting discourse, the
drift of which was toward purifying and
uplifting the condition of social and Chris
tian life The Bishop of Alaska, Right
Rev Mr. Rowe, presided at the meeting.
Professor Bailey of the University of
California also made a short address.
1 Harriet A. Simons, who has been a resi
dent of this city for the past twenty
years, died last night at her home. Sir.
Railroad avenue. She was a native of
New York, aged SO years. She was a sis
ter of the late Congressman Angel of New
York. The funeral will take place to-mor-
The Board of City Trustees will meet
to-morrow evening. Several Important
matters will be disposed of. among which
will be the selection of officers to serve
at the city election.
— . ■ » ■ -
Plentiful Rain in Berkeley.
BERKELEY. March ID.— Rain to the
amount of XI of an inch fell to-day. The
storm began with a light sprinkle this
morning and shortly after 12 o'clock there
was a very heavy downpour. The precipi
tation brought the total up to 16.49 inches
for the season, or nearly five inches better
than the 11. 88 inches measured for last
season up to the same date.
Important Council Meeting.
OAKLAND, March in.— important
meeting of the City Council will be held
to-morrow night. The Council will can
vass the returns of' the recent municipal
election, and it is very likely that the or-.
dinance fixing the water rates will come
up for final adoption.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899,
EAGLES TAKE
FLIGHT TO THE
OAKLAND EYRIE
Subordinate Lodge Is
Instituted.
SAN FRANCISCANS PRESENT
NEARLY TWO HUNDRED LOCAL
MEMBERS IN ATTENDANCE.
After the Installation of Officers and
Initiation of Members, a Social
Session Ends an En
joyable Day.
OAKLAND, March 19.— The rainstorm
to-day did not dampen the spirit of the 167
members of San Francisco Lodge, Fra
ternal Order of Eagles of America, who,
headed by a brass band of sixteen pieces
and accompanied by their royal goat,
crossed the bay to propagate the myster
ies of the order and institute a subordi
nate lodge in this city.
Shortly after 2 o'clock the procession of
Eagles arrived at Seventh and Webster
streets, where an escort from the new
lodge accompanied the aggregation to the
hall, corner of Twelfth and Franklin
streets, where a most royal and hearty
welcome was accorded.
The institution of the new lodge, to be
known as Oakland No. 7, which is the sec
ond of the Order of Eagles in California,
occupied the remaining hours of the aft
ernoon. Following were the instituting
officers:
Grand organizer, J. C. Mitchell of Seat
tle Lodge; Thomas Lindsay, worthy past
president; Harry Baehr, worthy presi
dent; E. L. Wagner, worthy vice presi
dent; August Pohlman, secretary; Wil
liam Clack, . treasurer; George Crowley,
Inner guard; W. P. Patton. outer guard;
James S. Cannon, conductor; R. B. Loose,
chaplain; M. F. O'Connor, Charles Fisher
and James Chetham, trustees.
The installation of officers of the new
lodge was performed to-night by the same
officiating team, and those Installed were
as follows: A. W. Baker W P. P.; L. L.
Bromwell, W. P.; D. W. Doody, W V. P.;
Charles J. Harrington, secretary; C. M.
Day, treasurer; C. Hawbacker, conduct
or- J. D. Montgomery, inner guard; •
George Planer, outer guard; Dr. George
L. Tait, physician; Phil Sheridan, John
Marchovich and W. S. O'Brien, trustees.
The new lodge starts out with I*l char
ter members. However, by dispensation i
the charter will remain open for about
thirty days. After the initiation of mem
bers "the first day of the new lodge was
closed with a social session, and the dele
gation from San Francisco returned by
the 11:20 train. i
The objects of the order are the frater
nal union for mutuaL benefit, protection
and social enjoyment of. all healthy and
worthy male Caucasians of the United
States and Canada over the age of 21
years. The order is scarcely over one
year in existence and San Francisco lodge i
already boasts of over 300 members.
One week from next Sunday a lodge will \
be instituted at San Jose.
A MODEL EMPLOYER.
The Lesson Taught by the Kindli
ness of Boaz.
Rev. Frederic Lee preached at the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Church last even
ing on the subject of "Boaz and Ruth, or
a Study of Capital and Labor." Boaz met
his field employes with a kindly salutation
which was returned in the same spirit.
He even ordered that sheaves of grain be
permitted to lie on the ground that the
poor gleaners might find something to
repay them for their labor. In the gener
osity of this Hebrew there is a lesson
that if learned by the employers of to-day
would bring about a condition in which
strikes, lockouts and labor struggles
would never be found. Instead of the
"God bless you" of Boaz we hear the
curses and blows and the sounds of strife
that is widening the breach between man
and man. But here is the mission of the
church to pluck out the roots of bitter
ness from the human heart and the build
ing up of charity and brotherly love.
There must be a righting before the
masses can be lifted to the high plane of
justice and righteousness. Here is the law:
"Bear ye one another's burdens, and
whatsoever ye would have men do to you,
do ye to them." .
■ — i ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Orr, Stockton I J E Spaulding, Conn
J Hanan, N V Mrs Spaulding, Conn
A J Fletraft, Chicago 11 N Sawyer, Boston
Mrs A J Fletcraft, 111 Mrs Sawyer, Boston
W F Franklin. N V • Miss A Neff, Pa
D M Boyd, Nev II Esbacher, N V
A C Gansler, Pa ID Cameron, N V
3 S Jones, Colo L F Coburn, Yreka
F Matly. NY TG Hlgglns. Mont
Mrs J Mllburne, D C Mrs Hlggins. Mont
Anna M Mllburne. D C Miss H Hlgglns. Mont
E W Morgan. Mont J Miss J O'Shea, Wash
Mrs E W Morgan, Mon Miss M E Finnegan,
Miss M F Cockcroft, I Wash
N V Mrs C E Crowley, Cal
Miss- E O Cockcroft, Mrs J F Dowling, Cal
N V Miss White, L Ang.
Miss L Schettler, N V W H Mac Donald. N V
M P Walle. Stanford ! Mrs Mac Donald. N V
Jessie B Davis, Boston.! S L Stadley. N V
lans R E Hopkins, N V
W Lavln, Bostonians | Mrs Hopkins, N V
L F Allen, Chicago C P Braslaw, S Jose
P Newmark, L Ang Mrs Braslaw, S Jose
II <; Miner. NY OH Howarth, London
Mrs H G Miner, NY D B Beno, lowa
L Mayer. Colo A F Fulton, Minn
Mrs L Mayer, Colo Miss J M Fulton, Minn
A C Tuxhury, Colo A Wolff. NY
Mrs Tuxbury. Colo ,S H Wheeler. Nev
Miss A Tuxbury. Colo Mrs S H Wheeler. Nev
Miss L Tuxbury, Colo W R Green, N V
R F Harrison,. L Ang Mrs W R Green. N V
W B Clark, Conn IE M Upton. N V
W G Leland. NY !E Rogerson, N V
Mrs Leland. NY H C Nelson, Eng
W M Roach. Pa M G Nelson, Eng
Mrs A Sheldon. Mass E A Hardy, Cal
E M Knox, NY R P Dobbins. Pa
Mrs E M Knox, NY WE Dobbins, Pa
A Pack, Mich | Mrs W E Dobbins & 2
Mrs A Pack. Mich | c, Pa
Mrs J G Pack, Mich T J Field, Cal
J W Wait, NY C Daniels. Bostonians
Mrs J W Walt, NY J W Mitchell, L Ang
F X Wilson, NY | W Buckmlnster, Mass
Mrs F X Wilson. N V J D Hllliard, Boston
A C Johnson, L Ang }_-..' ':.:. Mr?
GRAND HOTEL.
W F Knox. Sacto G E Wllhout, Cal
J C Hagerman, Reno A B Goddard, Merced
W Bray, Reno IB A Kietzler. NY
G L Klrbv, Vallejo IF A Boole. Sanger
E Kelly, Cal M M Israel, N V
W Johnson, Cal I J P O'Brien, Sonora
J R Bane, S Rosa IE J Landers, Sonora
J D Smith, Danville I Mrs B A Ogden. Cal
W S Bell, Stanford H H McColllster & w,
J Kullman, Benicia ! Salinas
J Smith, Cal B T Booge frSv, Cal
E M Luckett. Ogden 8 Arendt, Sacto
M M Caruthers & w, E E Holbrook, Cal
T'klah E Pattee, Oakdale
H P Beach & w, N V 'S C Freels, Hollister
A C Tuxbury, NY T Knox, Sacto
Mrs Tuxbury, NY SB Fulton, S Rosa
Miss A Tuxbury, N V '■ Mrs H Thorp, Sacto
Miss L Tuxbury, N V Mrs F Lelth, Sacto
S S Hunt, NY H H Robblns, Cal
L Mayer & w, Colo Mrs C Robblns, Cal
N Blackstock, Ventura C Bouchard, Adln
B N Androus, Pomona H A Tltcomb, L Ang
C W Hlcklin. L Ang J Berham. Stockton
J F Cullom, Mass Miss Lewis. S Rosa
A Swanson, Tacoma G W Taft, Fresno ■
C B Cohn, Sacto W Castle, Healdsburg
E A Curtis, L Ang F J Bettencourt, Cal
F H Ransom. Cal G Hammack, Cal
Mrs E A Hammack, W H Marshall, Cal
Cal ;
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G M Davidson, Cal F Brown, St Helena
A Anderson, Nev J Carthay, St Helena
J E Watson, Kan J P Slivey, Alvarado •
G J Graham. Cal D McFadden, P Alto
L J Peck, Napa G A Harris. Sacto
C Hansen, S Rosa F J Schultz & f, Cal
P Hansen, S Rosa IR A Smith, Fresno
R Bennett, Oakdale v P J Murtha, Salinas
W Chlnn, Vallejo C Blenther. Sacto
W Harper, Stockton I Mrs F Southwlck, Minn
BERKELEY TO
RE-ESTABLISH
A LOCAL COURT
Needed Legislation Is
Enacted.
RESULT OF A YEAR'S EFFORT
ROBERT EDGAR NAMED FOR THE
OFFICE.
The University Town Will Have Its
Own Legal Machinery After the
Law Has Been Complied
With.
BERKELEY, March 19.— The much
vexed question of a Justice Court for the
university town is finally settled. A tele
gram has been received from Sacramento
announcing the passage of Senate bill
249. This was the last piece of legislation
which was necessary to give Berkeley a
local judiciary, and its enactment means
that the city will have a court of its own
as soon as the formalities of law have
been complied with.
It is nearly a year since Berkeley has
had justice administered within its own
corporate limits, and during that time the
administration forces of the city have
been practically impotent. Hardly any
municipal ordinances have been enforced
for months, and as a result the matters
of delinquent saloon licenses and the sale
of liquors within the one mile limit are
notorious. Bicyclists have scorched down
the cement sidewalks of the sloping
streets, knowing that the arm of the law
was powerless to exert itself. Within a
few weeks at least the old legal machin
ery of the city will be re-established, and
the present laxity of the municipal gov
ernment will cease. . : * .
Ever since the old local court was de
clared unconstitutional by the Supreme
Court a year ago various attempts have
been made to have a new one established
upon a constitutional new one The Board
n a constitutional basis. The Board
of Trustees, the Good Government Club
and the North Berkeley Improvement
Club worked side by side to this end.
Their first attempt to amend the free
holders' charter at a special election
failed utterly, principally for the reason
that the terms of the amendment called
for an appointive Justice instead of one
elected by the city. Their only recourse
was Sacramento, and since the opening
of the Legislature they have labored in
defatigably for the needed legislation.
Two provisions were necessary. The
first was to obtain the passage of a bill
empowering cities of over 10,000 inhabit
ants to have a Justice Court. The second
was to amend the classification act so
that cities, instead of reckoning their pop
ulation by the Federal census of 1890. can
take a census of their inhabitants when
ever the municipal government deems it
necessary, such a census to be regarded
as official. This latter provision is the \
substance of Senate bill 249, which now
gives the university town a court of Its
own. ■. v><
The preliminaries of taking a census are
to be begun immediately after the next
meeting of the Board of Trusteers. The
Board of Supervisors will then be asked
to appoint a Justice of the Peace for
Berkeley, the appointment holding until
the next city election. It is generally
understood that the office will fall to Rob
ert Edgar, as a petition in his favor has
been signed by all the members of the
Board. of Trustees.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Assignment of Many Newly Promot
ed Army Officers to Service in
the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, March 19.— The follow
ing army orders were promulgated to
day: By direction of the Secretary of
War the following officers will proceed to
San Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for assignment to duty with
troops en route to Manila, and upon their
arrival at the latter place will proceed to
join their respective regiments: Lieuten
ant Colonel Abram A. Harbach, Third
United States Infantry; Captain Fielder
M. M. Beale, Third United States Infan
try; First Lieutenant Herbert N. Royden,
Twenty-third United States Infantry;
First Lieutenant Howard L. Laubach,
Twenty-third United States Infantry:
First Lieutenant Daniel B. Devore, Twen
ty-third United States Infantry.
First Lieutenant Alfred W. Drew,
Twelfth United States Infantry', is re
lieved from duty with the militia of the
State of Texas and will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general of the Department
of California- for assignment to duty with
troops en route to Manila.
Post Quartermaster Sergeant Albert
Kalb now at Fort Ethan Allen, will be
sent to Manila via San Francisco. Upon
his arrival at Manila he will report to
the commanding general of the Depart
ment of the Pacific for assignment to duty
under direction of Lieutenant Colonel J.
W. Pope, chief quartermaster of the de
partment. ' _ _ , , , ,
Major Theodore F. Forbes Is promoted
from captain. Fifth United States Infan
try to the Fourth Infantry, to date from
February 27, vice Palmer, retired. He will
report in person on the expiration of his
present leave of absence to the command
ing general of the Department of Cali
fornia. San Francisco, for assignment to
duty with troops en route to the Philip
pine Islands, where he will join his regi
ment. , .
Captain Tredwell W. Moore is promoted
from first lieutenant. Twenty-second
United States Infantry, to Twenty-first
United States Infantry, Company C, vice
Kostein, promoted. He will remain on
duty with the Twenty-second United
States Infantry until the arrival of the
Twenty-first United States Infantry in
the Philippine Islands, when he will join
the latter regiment. V -
Captain Raymond R. Stevens is pro
moted from first lieutenant, Twenty-third
United States Infantry, to the Sixteenth
United States Infantry. Company I, vice
Richards, promoted. He will remain on
duty with the Twenty-third United States
Infantry until the arrival of the Sixteenth
United States Infantry in the Philippine
Islands, when he will proceed to join the
latter regiment. jl- •
First Lieutenant James W. Clinton, pro
moted from second lieutenant. Seventh
United States Infantry, to Twenty-second
United States infantry, Company G. vice
Moore, promoted, will report for as
signment to duty with troops en route to
the Philippine Islands, where he will join
the Twenty-second United States Infan
try.
Captain Abraham S. Bickhan, assistant
quartermaster, United States Volunteers,
is relieved from further duty at Albany,
Ga., and will proceed >at once to San
Francisco and report in person to Major
Oscar F. Long, quartermaster. United
States Volunteers, general superintend
ent of the army transport service, and
will embark on and take charge of prop
erty on •: either the transport Zealandia
or Puabla, sailing from that place on the
24th inst. to Manila, where, on arrival, he
will report to the commanding general,
Department of the Pacific, for assignment
to duty under his direction.
Captain Frank L.. Dodds, Ninth United
States Infantry, is relieved from duty as
acting judge advocate. Department of the
Gulf, to take effect April 13. and will then
proceed to San Francisco, for assignment
to duty with troops en route to the Phil
ippines. ' gBBBN-teSS-SBw
Private Ernst J. Wheeler, Company B,
Twelfth United States Infantry, now en
route to Manila, will be discharged the '
service of the United States on receipt of
this order by the commanding officer of
his station.
A postofflce was established to-day at
Turwith, Del Norte County, Cal.. and
James A. Johnson appointed postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original widows, etc.— Jennie
S. Whitcomb, San Francisco, $8; Rebecca
A. Poorman. Sacramento, $8.
Oregon: Original— Oscar M. Godfrey,
Cornelius, $10.
Washington: Original— Special, March 8
—David M. Page, Tacoma, $10. Original
widows, etc.— Susan Cavender, Lynden,
$8. Mexican widows— Louisa V. Klncaid,
Centralia, $8.
Builders' Contracts.
Sarah M. Spooner (owner) with H. H. Larsen
(contractor), architects, Coxhead & Coxhead.
Excavating, grading, brick, stone, iron and ce
ment work and paving for a 2-story attic and
basement residence on NW corner of Devlsa
dero street and Pacific avenue, N 66:3% by W
137:0; $4350.
Same owner with M. C. Lynch (contractor),
architects.' same. Carpenter and sheet metal
work, glazing, plastering and hardware, etc.,
for same on same: $7369. '
Same owner with Gulick & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architects, same. Plumbing and gas
pipes, etc. for same on same: $1105.
D Gotelll (owner) with K. J. Pavert (con
tractor), architect. Charles M. Rousseau. All
work except painting, finishing, hardware,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a 2-story
frame building (2 stores and 2 flats) on SW
corner of Twelfth avenue and California street,
S along California 32:6 by 100; $3089.
John and Peter Stelling (owners) with Fred
Miller (contractor), architect. H. Gellfuss.
Carpenter work, mantels, hardware, etc. for
a 2-story frame barn on SE line of Market
street 125:8 NE of Sixteenth, NE 55, SE 110,
BE 36, W 58, NW 107:5; $1800.
Peter H. Olsen (owner) with L. O. Bergen
(contractor and architect). All work for a 4
room frame cottage with rough basement on
E line of Twelfth avenue, 225 S of I street, 2o
by 120; $1179.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, _ .y.
K. T., Golden Gate building, 625 *]»£&
Sutter St.— Stated assembly THIS _~ j
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. All fraters *£
are courteously invited. — '
CHARLES L. PATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _>
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- _J\_
ING. Business, M. E. M. and R. A. JtjLjX
degrees. ' ~^ '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. a
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) IJ^
EVENING' at 7 o'clock. Third degree. JLy\
Master Masons cordially invited. By I— r "
order of the Worshipful Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F and A. . m
M.— ''ailed meeting THIS (MONDAY) __fl_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Ist degree. I_ _X
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /N V^
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. «
and A. M., Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- _#__
more St.— Third Degree THIS (MON- TT_r
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /NT '
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretarj-.
TEMPLAR Rebekah Lodge No. <__!___^
19, I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem- : _______X_
bers: You are requested to at- -■^'JSSjjJi'
tend the funeral of our deceased "'!"'■
brother, I. S. WARNER, THIS DAY (MON-
DAY), March 20, at 2 p. m., from I. O. O. F.
Hall. MRS. PLATH, N. G. Pro Tern.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. -<_£___>
F.— Officers and members are re- *=___^__s_j£
quested to meet at their hall TO-
DAY (MONDAY) at 1:30 p. m., U "//I**-
attend the funeral of BROTHER I. S. WAR-
NER. P. G. JAMES LAWRENCE. N. G.
N. M. PETERSEN. R. S.
ANNUAL meeting— annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Western Sugar Refining
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal..
on MONDAY, the 27th day of March. 1899, at
the hour of 12 m., for the purpose of electing
a board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting-.
Transfer books will close on FRIDAY.
March 17, 1899. at 12 m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
aye., to borrow money on any old thing.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Faint Co.. 319 3d St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. CIS Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 65 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
i office of the company. 327 Market st., on and
after MONDAY. March 20. 1899.
Transfer books will close on TUESDAY,
March 14, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
i ._-_—-———■——■—— —»—-—■— —-—»■—■——■———-——
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
■ SWEDISH cook, best of references, desires a
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. * '
FIRST-CLASS English waitress and parlor
maid desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
' or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT German housegirl. 4 years last place,
$15 to $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A YOUNG woman wishes situation as nurse
or seamstress. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook; understands
American and German cooking. Apply MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RELIABLE cooks, second girls, laundresses,
nurses and a number of housework girls' with
good references awaiting situations. MRS.
KRAUSS, 315 Stockton st., near Sutter; tele-
phone Clay 624
RESPECTABLE American woman wishes a
situation in a private boarding house, hotel
or restaurant, or would cook for a large fam-
ily; Is first-class cook: best references; no
postals unless car fare Is paid. Apply 1753
O'Farrell st.
FRENCH girl wishes situation for second work
and to take care of children: good references;
wages $!•".. and privilege of going to night
school. Address box 1081, Call office.
FIRST and second cook: first-class hotel, res-
taurant or boarding house; references; city
or country. Address 242 Natoma st.
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work: plain cooking and washing; wages $12.
Call 532 Eddy st.. near Larkin. ■
SITUATION wanted by a young girl to do
housework and cooking; wages $20. Call at
422 McAllister st.
GIRLS of all nationalities awtiiting situations
at MRS. HIRD'S, 631 Larkln st.; telephone
Sutter 52.
LADY would like to get copying to do. 335
Fourth St.. room 9.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes some more
engagements by the day. lIS Day st.
WANTED— a competent experienced Ameri-
can woman, the care of an Infant or a cou-
ple of young children; wages $15. Box 1108,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German widow, good cook,
wishes position as housekeeper in country.
Address box 1118, ''all office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from the East
would like sewing in good families, $1 50 per
day. Address box 1114, Call office.
COMPETENT girl would like place for sec-
ond work in privnte family in country; good
seamstress. 108 Van Ness aye. :;. ! ~ii^
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, position to
do light housework for old couple or young
married couple with one child. Box 1096,
Call office. *
MASON'S widow wants plain sewing or mend-
ing to do at home. Box 1130, Call office.
YOUNG woman with small boy will assist In
refined family for room and board. Address
box 1124, Call office. ,
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework;
city or country. Address 512 Jessie st.
COMPETENT woman wants washing or house-
cleaning or any kind. of work; $1 60 per day.
727% Natoma st., near Ninth. . '. ■•
GERMAN-American cook wants position ln
private family; good references. Apply 16
Oak st.
WOMAN with a child desires to work 3 or 4
• hours a day in boarding house or rooming
house. Call 864% Howard st.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
silks. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye,
NORTH German girl would like a position as
, waitress and upstairs work. Apply 1642 Polk.
SITUATIONS WANTED Continued.
WANTED— A home ln a nice family as assist-
ant caretaker and companion; good references
as a lady; city or town. Address box 1084,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER; young lady; competent in
i general office work; salary moderate: refer-
ents N. If. 1063 Franklin St.. Oakland.
WANTED-Work by: the day or half day by
reliable woman. Address 2239 Adeline St..
Oakland. __________._—_—_«—— ———_—_»
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency ; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant „.
MAN and wife would situations on ranch;
man as general ranch hand, wife as cook
or as cooks In a mine. 304 Third St., room 4.
STEADY young man, 21. living with parents.
™uld like position; willing and capable of
doing any kind of driving; knows the city
thoroughly. 508 Octavla st.
WANTED— By middle-aged sober American,
situation as watchman: store factory etc ;
understands boilers: will work for moderate
wages. Address Earnest. 249 Seventh st.
GERMAN 37 years of age. wishes a situation
of any kind- can take care of horses and
cows: understands gardening. Address box
14, Call office.
YOUNG German. 30 years old. wishes to get
position as choreman on a ranch or private
place; is also a good teamster and milker.
Address A. RICHARD, 636 Commercial st.
PAINTER-Flrst-class In all branches; house
and sign painting, graining, paperhanging
and frescoing: established '"San Francisco
for the last six years, wishes to take posi-
tion in country town near San Francisco.
Box 1104, Call office.
BRIGHT, active young man wishes situation
anywhere where study and close application
to business will earn promotion: salary not
so much object at start; good references. _.
E. H.. 710 Pine st. .
SITUATION wanted by young man as bar-
tender; first-class. Address box 1115, Call.
WANTED— By a sober, middle-aged American,
a" situation 'about private place; horse, gar-
den, etc.: good home looked for at low
wages rather than otherwise. Address WILL-
ING. 224 Seventh st.
WANTED— Situation as valet or attendant to
Invalid by thoroughly reliable, steady Eng-
lishman: well educated; good manners and
appearance. Address TRAVELER, box 1091,
Call office. __
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man. wants
steady position. Address Brooklyn Hotel
Barber Shop. -
REFINED, earnest, willing young man.
University graduate, wishes employment in
office, store, private home, as valet: willing
to do anything; good references. Box 1128,
Call office.
MONEY to loan you on watches, guns, musical
Instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Situation ln country as gardener:
wages not less than $30 and found; references
given. Address H. CLYNE, 734% Natoma st.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position in
city or country. Address A. MIYO, 553 Sev-
enth St., Oakland. ____
GARDENER, first-class ln all branches, wishes
situation in private family: thoroughly un-
derstands orchard work; also handy with
tools; can run gasoline engine; reliable and
obliging: references. Address W. 8., box
1072. Call office.
MAN and wife. German, desire positions on
farm or dairy: man experienced dairyman
and farmer; wife a good cook. 101 Pros-
pect place, bet. Powell and Stockton, off
Sacramento. ________
CHINESE first-class cook, meat and pastry,
wishes position; private family, hotel or
boarding house; satisfaction. WILLES
JAMES, 906 Clay st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP « WANTED FE3IALE.
COOK, small hotel, $25; 3 waitresses, hotels and
restaurants. $20, $6 week. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES and parlor maids, $25; Protest-
ant second girl, $20; 3 cooks, $25; chamber-
maid and sewing, $25; and a large number of
girls for cooking and housework in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS.
2 waitresses, country hotel, $25; 6 waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; 2 waitresses and
chambermaid to wait for same country hotel,
$20, for April 1, fare one way: waitress and
chambermaid, same hotel, $20 each; cook,
small hotel, no baking, $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
2 NEAT young girls of some experience for
candy store, $7. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Working housekeeper for Nevada, $30, fare
advanced, or would take mother and daughter
and pay $35; nurse girl, 2 children, for Hono-
lulu $25; German cook, San Rafael, $25, 2 in
family: girls of all nationalities for cooking
and general housework. $15 to $30: and many
young girls to assist, $12 to $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN — CO., 104 Geary st. ■
A LAUNDRESS. $30: 2 nurses, $25 and $20 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. .
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel, $25 each.
" MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl to assist, $15; house-
work. Oakland, $25; Alameda, $25;
San Rafael. $23: San Jose, $25; Healdsburg.
$"5 10 housework girls, city. $20, $25 and $30;
6 young housework girls, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls. $25 and $20: French maid.
$30: second girl, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
A FRENCH girl; chamberwork; 2 in family;
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $25; second girl. $15; nursegirl, Santa
Clara, $20; Mill Valley. $25: Berkeley, $25; 6
houseglrls, city. $25 and $20; young girl to
assist. $15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED for cooking and housework:
good wages. MRS. KRAUSS. 315 Stockton
st.. near Sutter. _^
WANTED— chambermaids. nurseglrls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st. _^
CHAMBERMAID to assist waiting, country
hotel $20: waitress, country, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny at.
GOOD hairdresser and ventilator for perma-
nent position; good wages; give references.
Address J. J. WITTWER, Seattle. Wash.
FIRST-CLASS German cook; references. Ap-
ply 9 to _ a. m., SW. corner of Laguna and
Washington sts. _____
WANTED— A middle-aged lady to take care of
an invalid and assist in light housework. 12
Clement st.
GERMAN girl for second work and assist with
2 children; references. 1608 Fell st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $16. Ap-
ply 414 Van Ness aye.
SMALL girl for light housework; wages $5. 906
Minna st. >- _
REFINED German girl, chamberwork. sew-
ing, and 9-year-old girl, $20. 418 Powell st.
YOUNG German girl, light second work, $15..
418 Powell st.
A YOUNG laundress; must wait; private fam-
ily: $25. 418 Powell st.
NEAT girl for general housework. 3009 Jack-
son St.; call after 10 a. m.
GERMAN girl for housework and plain cook-
ing. 911 Larkin St. '
WANTED— A rich contralto. MARGARET
JACKSON, studio, 523 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom vests; good
wages. Address 708 California st. r
OPERATOR on custom pants by the week. 541
Market st.
LADIES' skirt operators wanted. 226 Bush st.
X A KER. . ■
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trance , ladies. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
OPERATORS on skirts; electric power. DA-
VIDSON _ MILLER. 731 Market st.
WANTED— to establish agencies; sal-
ary and expenses. Box 1079. Call.
HELP ANTED— _._LE.
WANTED— Blacksmith. $55; vegetable gardener
and poultryman, $25; 5 drift gravel miners. $10
and found ; 3 quartz miners, $2 50 day driver for
laundry wagon; cooks, waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., '628 Sacra-
mento st. ■. .
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
...; Want 7 a. m. Monday......
blacksmith for lumber company, $60 and
found; furnace man. quicksilver mine. $W
and found; coal miners for the north, 50c to
75c car; woodchoppers. $1 50. $1 25, $1 and
70c cord: grafters, farm, orchard and vine- !
yard hands: butter maker and milker. $30; !
milker. $26: gardener, private family, $30 and
found; drillers and laborers, $1 75 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS waiters bakers
6 cooks, different country hotels. $30 and $35;
waiters, plain places, $20 and found; ironer,
country laundry; third hand baker, $25 and
found; grocery clerk and tend bar, $15 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GERMAN gardener for country, $25. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
MAN who understands vegetable gardening, $30
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
HANSEN & CO .Phone Grant ISS
15 German or Scandinavian laborers for the
woods. $30 and found. -
woodchoppers, Santa Cruz County
marine engineer
iaborers". mountain railroad
hotel waiter, $30 2 colored waiters, $25
starcher and polisher, hotel laundry, $30;
porter $20, country hotel; bell boy, $2o;
blacksmith and others
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, country hotel, $70; head waiter, country
hotel, $35. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny.
WANTED— Steady man; outdoor work; will
pay good wages; must have $50 cash. 103.
Market St., room 4.
LADY or gentleman piano player. Call be-
tween 9 and 1 o'clock. 203 Post St., room 8.
FIRST-CLASS porter wanted; barber shop and
bathrooms. 238 O'Farrel St.
WANTED— A first-class saloon porter; wages
$30. 36 East st. ; call early.
BARBER wanted. 633 Clay st.
BARBER wanted— First-class man; steady
place: 15c shop. 2003 Fillmore st.
BARBER to buy shop in Oakland; cheap. Ad-
dress box 97, Call office, Oakland.
BUSHELMAN wanted. 117 Leldesdorff st.
YOUNG man to sew and press for a first-class
tailor. Box 1126, Call office.
PAINTER wants to buy falls and staging. Call
I at 228 Fulton St.. between 5 and 7p. m.
j WANTED— Co for small boarding house. 322
Main st. ______
PAINTERS wanted; $2 a day. Cor. Golden
Gate aye. and Lyon st. '
BOY wanted. 239 Fifth st. '
WANTED— A man that understands nursery
and florist business. 500 Haight st.
MARINER wanted in the shipping business
with small capital. NAUTICAL INSTRU-
MENT, 6 Market st.
18 YOUNG men to leave city; no experience
necessary; everything free; no charges for
Job. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St., upstairs.
WANTED— lecturer. Catholic or
ecclesiastical student preferred. Address
POPE LEO XIII BIOGRAPHIC EXHIBI-
TION CO.. PETER BACIGALUPI. Manager,
933 Market st. '
FIRST-CLASS advertising agent; lady or gen-
tleman. Room 4, 40S California st.
i $100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
I pianos, silver. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 35
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night ; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
summer rates or percentage terms. 1542 Mkt.
SAILORS, green hands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers; seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
I BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
HOBSON House, 417 Kearny— Rooms from 25c
to 50c; $1 to $3 per week. ■
20 MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experi-
ence required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber college, 138% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
soleing, 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
WANTED collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SINGLE furnished fine large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS "WANTED.
JOHN L. KELLETT. Oil of Eden; removes
Impurities accumulated in nerve centers,
which create disease and pain: reliable drug-
gist or business man in every town as whole-
sale and retail agent. Particulars write 130*
Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
AGENTS make $4 to $8 a day selling Handy
Harness Riveter machine to everybody; coun-
ties assigned; sample express prepaid, $1 50;
weight 4 pounds. State Agency HANDY
MACHINE CO.. 58 Third St.. S. F. Cal.
■ CITY and country, to sell Leather Lustre; best
25c article on earth. BROWN, 332 Bush st.
CANVASSERS in every town on the coast;
something new. Box 1103, Call office.
LADY aeents; canvassers in every town for
easy selling article. Box 10S8, Call office.
BE wise and get in while the proposition Is
new and make arood money. 183 Seventh st.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— to know that the Metro-
pole Club Rooms are running at 773 Market
St., next door to the Midway Plalsance.
WANTED— ft. 2d-hand water pipe for ir-
rigating: 1 to 4 In. S. F. Iron Yd. 204 Mission.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
FRENCH classes, under the auspices of "Al-
liance Francalse," will open at the French
Library afternoons and evenings for adults
only: graduate teachers from French Govern-
ment will give tuition; every pupil who joins
class becomes member of the library. For
terms apply at French Library, City of Paris
bldg., Geary and Stockton, 3 to 4. S to 9 p. m.
MERRILL-MILLER college shorthand, typing;
individual Instruction: new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day, eve. Rms. 572-6, Parrott bldg.
AYRES' ' Business College, 723 Market st.;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
~~ CA-tPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. .402 Sutter st.
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. tel. South 225: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 340 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. - tel. East 126
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
ADVICE free; R. W. King, atfy-at-law; 6th
floor. Chronicle building: no advance charges;
estates, m'tgages. damages, attachments,
bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, etc..
drawn; moderate fees: call or write. .
ADVICE free: all legal matters. J. B. EVANS,
14 McAllister st., near Hlbernia Bank.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees ln advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market it. ,
__ — ~* *~^—^
LOST.
LIBERAL reward— Light brown setter pup; 4
months old Return to 921 Capp st.
$5 REWARD— WiII the lady with the sealskin
cloak who received a cape with diver skins
by mistake at Ellis and Taylor sts. about 12
o'clock Friday evening please return to owner
and receive above reward? 7 Grant aye., r. 7.
OLD gold, diamonds, silver and pianos bought;
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PHYSICIANS. — —
MRS. DRS. DONOVAN. 621 "Hayes st.;" all
kinds of womb trouble a specialty; diseases
of the eye treated by herbs. .
REMOVAL . notice— C. C. O'Donnell, of flea
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.BUSINESS CHANCES.
■*^*12':^-CORNER grToerv an i » ar;l t iodt from :
_ity Kail; 5 years' lease; a good paying busi-
ness; established for years, new stock; best
1 class of custom; . owner to make a trip to ;
' _ Germany. WILKE & UNFUG. SOS Market. '
A— SALOON : doing a splendid business: j
hest down-towa location; .California and ;
Montgomery sts.; rent $45. Call WILKE _ .
___2________^_ Market st. !
TRANSFER corner saloon; IS furnished j
rooms; 3 pianos; cash register, safe, etc.; I
clearing about $175 per month; large stock
' " liquors; sickness cause of a great bargain. ■
___ILKE _ UNFUG, 96- Market st . i
„?_r CIGAR stand. Stockton and Market sts. !
j_ILKE & UNFUG, MM Market st. .
$150— BRANCH bakery with 4 living rooms; ,
rent $20; on McAllister St.; daily receipts, !
$10. WILKE _ UNFUG. 806 Market st. __
$1000— SALOON with 9 furnished rooms; estab-
lished many years; always been money-mak-
ing Place; best location; close to California on
Kearny st. ; rent low. Particulars WILKE
. «- UNFUG, SC6 Market st. '.
A— sl2oo; SALOON and lunch counter; build- ;
• lag 5-year lease; i private rooms; solid j
trade cf $20 a day. Western Investment Co.. !
i Geary st. ' __________
WE have several buyers for business; see us :
if you want to sell. Western Investment :
Co.. ■i Geary st. .
$2vo— PARTNER, light business; $IS a week; no \
experience required; trial given* see it West-
err. Investment Co., 9 Geary st. '
»50— PARTNER; great Investment; $30 day i
trade. Western Investment Co., Geary st j
* 1 ;' w — PARTNER, ll— try business; office work;
5300 a month clear; value tn stock. Western
Investment. Co. 9 Geary at
-MALL business for lady; good living. :
. Western ' Investment Co., 3 Geary st
$450— SALOON; «3 clear a day: sickness. West- i
em Investment Co.. 9 Geary st. ]
ARBER shop: elegantly furnished; good j
trade. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary at j
$2500— HOTEL; near city: paying: established
business; trial given. McLAUGHLIN _ CO .
~7 Market st
$250— PARTNER war.-- old established in-
door business; will pay $75 to $10>> pei rnomh ]
to each yearly. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., 777
Market st.
HORSESHOEING shop; good location; \
departure cause sale. McLaughlin. 777 Mkt
JIQCO— SALOON; old-established business: death
" in the family cause of sale. - -AL'GHLIN
& CO.. 777 Market st.
SALOON; bargain on account of aickmesa.
McLAUGHLLN. 777 Market st
CALL and examine our large list of lodging
houses; you will surely find something to
suit. German- American," 34 Kearny st
$35')— A SNAP; well equipped saloon In the Mis-
sion: investigate. German- American, 34
Kearny st. . .
PARTNERSIP In rood-paying business;
' $75 per month each. 1055 Market st, upstairs.
$115 — RESTAURANT, coffee and oya-<;r house,
cheapest in city. Pacific Exchange. 1i,55 Mkt
POR business ch_nces, rooming-houses, city
and country real estate, bonds, stocks, loans,
etc., rail en CLARK _ CO.. room 609. Ex-
aminer build! ig.
TO buy. sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY _ CO.. 1206 Market
BARBER shop; 3 chairs: short hours: must be
sold on account of owner's sickness; -'- ea_y
terms. 423 Washington st.
BAKERY In country town: g~id store trade: 4
horses and 2 wagons; $12u0. Apply Call office.
FINE restaurant; fine fixtures: g>r>d location;
will sell less than invoice. Call office. -
PARTNER »-a:. restaurant and bakery.
Box 1136. Call office.
$3250— ATTENTION grocers ; the best paying
corner grocery and bar ln this city; estab-
lished for many years and doing first-class
paying cash stcre and tar trade; choicest
. . location; close to Baldwin Hotel: owner
must leave for Europe on account of family
affairs; a great sacrifice. Address box 4CO,
■ Call office.
GROCERY and bar, well stocked. Seventeenth
and Noe. for sale, cheap; established 12
years; low rent, store and 3 living rooms;
lease obtainable: stcre and inventory open
for Inspection. For particulars apply on
premises or to CURTIN _ BEAD'S, room 24,
3d fioor. Mills building^
DR. F. P. MLTFE'S
. OFFICE. PRACTICE. HOSPITAL, ETC..
FOR SALE.
For rartlculars inquire at the office, 425
. Kearny st . between 10 and 12 a. m.
$450— RESTAURANT; worth $1000; selling on j
account of death in family; receipts $30 per
day: located in 200- room hotel; owner goit_r I
to Europe: no agents. Call ?i3. Kearny st.
$25<">— RESTAURANT; rent $25; good location. [
$600 — Partner livery business; c.*.- . stand to ;
rent $10. $250 — Dining parlor; rent free. ,
STEVENSON, 1027- Market st I
WANTED — A few good men with $1000 cash j
each to Join in a flrst-claas undertaking;
business $10,000 a year Income to each. Box j
110. Call office. | ;
PLUMBING shop for sale very cheap: owner
• cal-ed away on account of sickness in am-
"i ily. Address H. B. S.. box 1397. Call office. i
$1000 "'P. half of well established mfg. busi- j
ness: household article: well introduced:
" good! honest business venture. Box 10S9. Call.
_2CG— SALOON, with furnished rooms; good
location: good traJe; low rent: sell cheap;
owner can't attend. 651 Mission st.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business. including stock
' and good will. 34-3 Third st
JICO.f'C.O TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jewels.
sliver, piano*, guns, sealskins, silks, paint- 1
ings, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
____________
SALOON; central location; good business; will
sell as a whole or ■-*-- Inquire Call office.
$_v.O— COSMOPOLITAN Hotel business; Peta-
luma, Cal.: 44 rooms; well furnished, and bar.
FOR sale "r exchange— Good paries country
betel. Box 666, Petaluma, Cal.
POR sale— Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box 112, Benicia, Cat
MILK depot cheap; ill-health cause of sale.
524 Third st '■
CHEAP branch bakery and dairy store; 4 j
rooms. Apply 707 Devisadero St. I
SHOE shop that will pay $3 M per day; no ,
cheap work; low rent. 332 Bush st
SALOON and restaurant, with It furnished
v 'rooms; city front; rent $25. Apply CalL
SALOON. Inquire Anchor Brewery, after 3 p.
ra :., cr at 626 Third st.
$:_.-— LIGHT manufacturing business; clears 1
$100 per month. Box 10«3. Call office- j
SALOON good paving, business quarter. Ap-
' - ply book store, cor. Clay and Montgomery-. ■
OLD-ESTABLISHED blacksmith shop for sale.
" with stock and tools. Inquire 630 Broadway, }
RESTAURANT for sale; near Postoffl. 103
• " Seventh st. near Mission. I
'.RESTAURANT. Sixth St.; established 18 year.;
' good business; $500. Apply Call office. !
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. j
TV. CASWELL & CO. "3. 413 Sacramento st. |
■ X "WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. \
" 16 rages, in wrapper, for mailing. i- per year, j
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE. .
H. C. DECKER '£~z£' m "' I
Office. 1025 MARKET ST.
'..IS- room house; central: $!<» cash *?/\ i
' 30 rooms; rent $30; on Mission st 555
54-room house: clears $300 2'M ,
17 rooms; en Sixth st *j0 :
64 rooms: corner; clears $300 Z7_) ,
6-room fiat: cheap rent Lj»
2S-room house: clears $150 6ao
46 rooms: corner: clears $250 1500
10 rooms; near City Hall; vary g00d.... 450
15 rooms: fine sunny corner: clears $100.. 500 j
12 ro<_ns; on Market: cxc. for large house 500 j
28 roo.Tis: best cor. ln city: owner sick.. 2200
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
' on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
- ROOMING HOUSES FOR SALE— . ...
. 26-roor_ corner bay window house $2200
• 24-room house; new furniture 1400
lt-rOC— > house; fine corner 1000 I
- 14-room house; new and good 800
16- room; fine corner: must sell 900
11-rocm house; clears $75 WO
60 ho.ses from 4to 100 rooms $50 to $10,000 ;
H. C. DECKER. 10M Market St.. opp. sth.
A— KJIEDO & CO 22* GEARY i
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
200 rooms: 10c. lie. 20c; clears $300 $5000
" M rooms; best on Fourth st. : half cash.. 2400 ,
4i» rooms; Geary st; will pay for Itself... 1600
2- rooms; housekeeping; clears $100 800 j
'6 rooms; Post St.; all full; cheap rent... 850
9 rooms: new and clean; clears $25 300
" «-room flat; Geary st; elegant house ... 400
- -WINSTON & CO.. 102« Market st.
28 rooms; rent $_►: Sixth St.; snap $850
.4 rooms; rent $33: pick-up «M ;
IS rooms; rent $50; near Market st; only.. 350
88 rooms; corner; one floor; bargain IPSO ;
40-ROOM lodging houie; good location; owner
• kas run It for 10 years; compelled to sell
account of other business; a bargain; cheap ;
rent. Call 317 Third st. ■ |
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of j
 UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. |
TURK. 127—17 rooms, all rented, for sale cheap;
, party* going East '
** FURNITURE FOR SALE. j
FOLDING bed with mirror front for sale; near- ;
Jy new; cheap. 3624 Seventeenth St. j
'« ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
J range. King F_rnltur» Co., 112. -1131 Market j
PERSONALS^ -
LEDERER-S~Quin>-.n!a Hair Tonic the finest j
hair food, 35_ bottle. LEDERER'S Foamo. :
the best shampoo. 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st j
LEDERER. the leading _H*_™^l--}^;s^ :
longest hair roils, only 35c; .stock of taewig« ;
to be closed cut 58; wigs for $3 60; must go. :
switches, $1. 123 Stockton st ,
LINCOLN BROTHERS. -_,-,- -»,_„_
Butter, 25c roil; picnic, ham* .Ho tt i« b __2 ft ;
12V-C _; flour. Ssc sack; cornmeal. sack , '
20 lbs rice $1; 25 cans sardine-. $1; 10. cans ,
tabli fruit SI. " lbs prunes pears, pear 1 bar- |
lev - ,n»t ceas. V- tomatoes, « dozen, a
Us ceff-e %l LINCOLN BROTHERS. 226
Sixth st. above Folsom.
JOHN L. BOONE: Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. T and Copyright
Attorney at taw, -__T._ «>>»ff_itv
___ FrfS^^al. Amer^U«g y n
' Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House « Third st., near Market: 200 rooms
25, to » 60 Per night; $1 -»»_,__; __£*
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HARMONIC Life Institute has moved toM
Sutter st., near Taylor; the Harmonic _% ibra-
tor cures! positively removes wrinkles, de-
velops busts; tests free. .
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment pimple i and I
effective. 112S Sutter ft. MR-. CLA-TUN. |
OPERA bangs and switches. 50c up. this week |
only: artistic opera dressing. La \ e^» ?-«
dressing Parlor*-, 30 Geary; &an - red 3733. j
DROP in to the Metropole- Club rooms; the
finest in the city. 773 Market st. opposite
the Pheian building.
RUBBER goods of every description; catalogue
free EDWIN MERCER & CO., Toledo. O.
THE genuine misfit. 272 Fifth St. ; $30 and $40
suits at your own price: perfect fit guarnt d.
P^IVA.TE residence for ladles in delicate
health MRS. PR FUNKS. 1416 Bth. Alameda. |
■ dt'PTTTF stricture cured: no knife: no in- ,
R a rG-r_t-.Pr.Gordln.sl4 Pine.ab. Kearny.
i DR. F YON BUELOW has removed from 822 ;
: Valencia to 1206 Market st, rooms 9 and 10. ,
I BATHS. 12*.c: 30 porcelain tubs : . separate en- i
I trance for ladles: lady attendant 34 Fourth. j
: FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets «= bed u . n g~ I
| es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. MANN, 1-1 <___
' A— Ladies' cr gent's clothing. furniture, bought
. _ol_t tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st :
! BERWIN & GASSNER irriers v formerly on |
Post st. removed to store 110 Kearny st \
, A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale j
prices. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome et.
SUITS to order on easy Installments L. \
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet 7th and stn. j
DRESSttAKERS.
i_LK^^lo_Tdresses made. 55 up; dresses made I
: over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy MME. GOLDSTEIN.
_ gpiRiTUALISM. !
j__.____*X*^WHlTNEY, trance test medium. |
life reader- medical clairvoyant; treat all prt- |
i vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis 1
free; sittings. SI 232 Stockton Bt. j
i MISS E L DAVIS, clairvoyant card reader: ;
| 353U Howard st; ladies. 25c; gents. aOc. j
I MRS ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m; 1
Mon.. I; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st j
! MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune i
teller, has opened an office at 315 O Far— ll.
MRS MENA FRANCES, independent slate
writing medium. .118 Haight st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER: wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
' end sight diagnoses disease; full life I**-, 1 "
ing; ladles, s"'c; gents. $1; sit.. $1 00. 126 Turk.
! YOUR future told by cards, 25c: Mondays.
"Wednesdays .and Fridays. 1033 Mission st,
downstairs. " ________
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 153. sth, r. 21.
NINTH. 77— Your future told by cards: ladies.
10c; gentlemen." 2sc; satisfaction guaranteed.
■ GYPSY life reader gives true readings: ladies.
He; gents. 50c. 1063 Mission st, near Seventh.
i MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
! reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
! MME AUGUST. 1150 Mission St.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay; 2oc.
1 CLAIRVOYANT, card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st, rooms 3 and 10. -
__ME RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Foorth st
BLANCHE DE rHAPELLE— and
1 card reading. 417 Bush st. rooms 3 and 10.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
- *ba-n<T« picture. V*~: ladles. -314 '"I'Farreil st. j
PAL3USTHY.
_M-_ 7 NEERGAARD, pupil Count St Ger-
maine. 3388 Twenty-first st, above Valencia:
teL "White 1571: reading by mall. 31.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH, 2115 Bush
at. 15 years' experience; references given.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
• AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per - . nth. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. _^ ;
, A FEW UPRIGHT BARGAINS.
Cramer; good for practice * <-
Weber; fine condition «_
Sterling; walnut case J_>
Bradford grand upright ■■ .......... wo
Ea_y payments: guaranteed. BcNJ. __«-
TAZ & SON. IS -yFarr-U it.
, ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE B.
26 28 and 30 O'Farr ell St.: pianos, organs and
a'l other musical instruments of a!, grades
! and prices: terms easy; prices low est; every-
thing possible done to please and satis.y the
customer. J :
' A BIG Snap— The best piano In the city for
the price asked, and we will guarantee it A ;
fine Hailett _ Davis sacrificed at once for :
private owner; better see it now 1 you want
to save money. THE J. DEWING CO., sec- ,
. ond floor. Flood building.
ATTENTION cash buyers fine second-hand
uprights In' splendid order. $150. $175 $I*s.
$200; will outwear any cheap and nasty new
Piano in the market BRUENN. 208 Post st
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists" his touch regulator the wonder of the
day: please examine. 216 McAllister st
I A FINE standard make .piano; $150; excellent
[ order. Room 12. Flood building.
$150— ELEGANT upright; stool, cover; on $5 j
installments. 1115 Post st.
! PIA.VOS accurately tuned and warranted.
j Send postal card to COOKE, 1081 Howard ,st
! PIANO- at auction prices to realize advances
: and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms.. 1.10 Mkt.
BARGAIN in fine upright piano at room 16,
1021 Van Ness aye. ■
NEW pianos, stool and scarf, $3 per mo. rental.
* SCOTT -CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
A-UPEIGHTS, $63 up: installments. « Jsup:
rents $3 '"up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis. ;
W G BADGER. 41.- Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailett _ Davis pianos.
B\RGAIN-Good upright cheap. SrHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
SOHMER pianos are **•*"*• BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent 308 Post st. ,
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st -
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH :
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell _t.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
.-.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
" — HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale: also a f?"f_, ___£!_
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 S xth st ; Auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
S~LT.ING out— New and second-hand wagons
for sale cheap at 630 Broadway. r
FINE laundry, bakers', milk wagons: 3 bug-
gies: 2 extra fine delivery wag. 823 Harrison.
M. SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts, j
barges, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
STORAGE.
IUEI^CE-RUX^'LPH^StoraKe and Moving CoT j
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713. j
PIERCE 4 TAYLOR Storage Company; pack- j
ing. advance, etc. 736 Market; teL Black 31L j
DON'T store in cellar*. • See O. M. JUDSON
& CO., 1123 Howard st; advances made.
FIRST-CLASS storage room; reasonable. YIN- :
CENT CO.. 222 Post St. -■■■;•.••■■--: ~
_■_—__— I ■_—»——-—— —i ■— — — —^— ■— ■ — .
SEWING MACULES.
$-» MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
"machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
~\:i : '* HOUSES TO LET.
AT 24 Morris aye.. off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny I mum house, renovated. $13; water
free; appreciated If seen.
ELLIS, 1158—6 rooms and bath: rent $21. ASH-
TON _ GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
VALENCIA. 1213— S rooms and bath; rent $31.
* ASHTON _ GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms and bath; lawn, j
flowers; rent reasonable. Call 2105 Devtsadero
st, bet. 1 and 2 o'clock. .
GOLDEN GATE. Ele_ra_t house of S
rooms; nearly new; $30. .
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms. 23V_ Morris aye., near
Sixth and Harrison sts^
OUR rent department goes to your home; get '
printed list of houses from BALD Jkl
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
12- ROOM house. M Howard St.. between Fifth
and Sixth; rent $40. ________________
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
NICELY furnished house, near the park and I
Affiliated Colleges; sunny; good neighbor- I
hood; reasonable to responsible, permanent
party. Box 1083, Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$10— COTTAGE of 4 rooms; yard; respectable j
location. 1705 Turk st., near Scott. j
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage: j
will call GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 521 1
X St.. Sunset District.
rIATS TO LET.
*~" flats! ~. iiouiE-.
4 rms. : 423 Bryant. sl2 14 rms.; 721 Ashbury.s7o
3 rms ; 120 William 18 12 rms.: 2723 Pacific.. 70
4 rms.; 606 Shotwell 111 8 rms.; 1220 Laguna. 35
3 rms.; 521 Linden. 9 ; 6 rms.; TOT Ellis 25 ;
5 rms.; 709 Green' h. 9 6 rms.; 542 Howard. 20
4 rms.; 177 Russ.... 8 6 rms.; 6 William... IS |
3 rms.; 250 Tehama 71 5 rms.; 230". Third.. 14 I
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 677 Market st
FULTON. S42 Sunny 6 rooms and bath: rent |
$25. ASHTON _ GARDINER, 411 Montgom- j
cry st. — ■
HOWARD, S2SA— Sunny 5 rooms and bath: rent
$21. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st. .
MCALLISTER, 1721— Modern, 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35. ASHTON _ GARDINER, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
4073 TWENTY-THIRD st, near Castro; upper
sunny 5 rooms; $15.
CS7 Noe st, corner Nineteenth; upper 5 rooms;
47 Pond st: upper sunny a rooms; $14.
A— SI2— NICE, new sunny corner upper flat *
rooms and bath. 23d and Harrison sts.
BUSH, — 3 large sunny rooms and bath.
CLAY, 1415 A, . bet Leavenworth and Hyde
First-class sunny flat. 8 rooma and bath; ex-
tra room in basement; rent reduced very low.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern.
sunny fiat 01 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window, bath; $12. 716
Natoma St.. bet Eighth and Ninth.
LADIES' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. -
MCALLISTER, Fine sunny upper flat 7
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
OUR rent department goes to yo*ir home: get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN & HOW- 1
ELL. 18 Montgomery st
, SHOTWELL, 811, near Twenty-second— Flat of
4 rooms and bath.
SUNNY lower flat of 4 rooms. 172 Hawthorne
st., near Harrison.
TWELFTH, 322— Lower flat of 3 rooms: with
stable if desired.
, $B— 3 SUNNY rooms; 537 Bryant st Keys 401
Third at
$!•"— CLEAN fiat. 5 rooms and bath. SSI Harri-
son st ________—_—_—_—_
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! A— SAN Francisco House, 737 Howard st, bet.
i 3d and 4th— Changed hands: ICO r., newly fur-
I nished, 20c to 50c night; $1 to $3 week: double
! beds rented as single: reading rm. ; transients.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
; bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 1021 Van Ness aye., corner Geary— Parlor
suite. 3 sunny rms., kitchen; gas range; bath.
CLAY, 1723. near Poll.— rooms for housekeep-
ing, 'with bAthroom; partly furnished or un-
furnished ; no children.
CHESTNUT. 253— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; cheap; Baa view and sun; no small
I children.
EDDY. 617—3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
sunny; other rooms. $4 up.
FOLS -'M, 1886, corner Fourteenth— Unfurnished
parlor suite and kitchen; rent $12; adults.
FULTON. 213, near Van Ne?s — Unfurnished
front parlor, mantel, and adjoining room, for
light housekeeping.
FULTON. 671—3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping: $13.
! GEARY, 14A— 2 connecting, completely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; everything neat
! " _ ■ '
GEARY, 610— Two or three rooms furnished for
housekeeping. _____________________
! GOLDEN GATE, 225— Nicely furnished room;
also housekeeping rooms.
GRANT aye.. The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; ... rent $14.
I HOWARD. 650— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nish- for housekeeping^
: HOWARD. S29 — Housekeeping from $1 50 to $3
week: also other rooma; cheap.
' HOWARD 111- -*— 3 light sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable: single rooms. $1 week up.
HOWARD 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping -ooms; $1. & $15.
JUNIPER. 42' i, l> et - Folsom and Harrison—
Housekee ping* rooms.
KEARNY, 104, near Market floor; I large
newly furnished connecting rooms.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen: folding bed. closet: $12; 3 rooms. $14.
MINNA. Single and housekeeping 'rooms. $1
and 75c per week^
! MINNA, 1000, cor. Eleventh— Sunny front room,
with or without kitchen.
MISSION, 533 — Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping. $3: large room. $2; small. $1.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
' * suite; 'gas. water, stove. $12.
NINTH, 111 - bedrooms an'! kitchen connected;
bath; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
OAK, 113—2 large furnished parlors; bath, gas
and' yard: entirely separate: rent $14.
: OCTAVIA, 41314— Sunny 4 rooms: yard; com-
pletely furnished: housekeeping; reasonable.
I OCT'AVIA. 513—3 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $12; gas, bath.
POLK. 522—2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
lng; rent $12.
POST, 2406 — Furnished room, with use of
kitchen: private family.
SACRAMENTO, 1514, near Larkln— Parlor fioor.
5 elegantly furnished, clean sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; piano; other rooms on next floor.
STEVENSON. 403. cor. of sth— Nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms: complete: cheap.
SIXTH. 314— Front bay-window suite; ready
for housekeeping; rent $11. .
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; tent cheap.
THIRD, 309—2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms; complete housekeeping: $2 50 per wk.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367. near Mission— Large
Funny furnished housekeeping suites, running
water, $3 and $10.
VALENCIA. 223—1. 2. 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms;
running water; light housekeeping; cheap.
____________________
ROOMS TO LEfl
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant |
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class ;
in every respect: terms reasonable. I
A NICE large room to let Inquire at 227*.
Hayes st.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites, j
single; facing piaxa: day or month. r;;..-. ;
I AT 62 Second— Double rooms, per wk.. $1 50 to ,
' $3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c. j
BURNETT, 1428 Market told No. 1364)— Fu- j
nished rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished. 1
BUSH, 534, The La Mar— Newly furnished
"sunny rooms en suite or single; reasonable.
EDDY, Several unfurnished rooms; mod-
ern; sunny; bath. ;.'.-'■ ■--?
PELL 317—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath; reas'able.
FOLSOM. Sunny rooms, nicely furnished,
$4 and upward. j
GEARY, 568— Large sunny bay-window front i
room; also suites for hkpg; other rooms.
GEARY, 736, near Lea,* was th— . neatly fur-
nished rooms; bath; $4 and $5.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; grate.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. • Seventh and !
Mission— Pleasant sunny ropms. en suite and !
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 614— One single front room and 1
suitable for 2 gentlemen; rent low.
• • .*
ROOMS TO LET-Continaed. J
LEWIS 13, off Taylor, near Post— TWo large
rooms" and kitchen; private, family, j / ,-
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant aye. __v,
MCALLISTER. — Newly furnished sunny
room: running water; private family.
MINNA 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished i
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient
MINNA 725, bet. Eighth and Ninth— 2 nice, i
big unfurnished rooms; bay-window; large :
yard, front garden. i
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny, furnished rooms: ele- !
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. Large sunny parlor suite
and front alcove, prettily furnished; private.
O'FARRELL, 923— Front bay-window room; j
suitable for 2; private family; board optional. ■
PINE 514 A. near Kearny— Nicely furnished j
sunny rooms: single or en suite; $5 up.
SEVENTH. 192 (Girard — Sunny rooms; j
reasonable ; also housekeeping. __^
SHERMAN Apartment House," 28 Eighth St. i
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 409. and Mint aye., 22. near
Fifth— Sunny furnished rms. grate; $1 up.
SUTTER. Comfortably furnished rooms. ;
single and en suite: also hkpg; terms reas.
THIRD. 303— Furnished sunny front . rooms;
single and double: $1 a week and up.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FIRST 415— Swedish private boarding, , with ;
room. $4 a week op: elegant parlor suite.
HYDE — Large sunny rooms, with excel- i
lent board; families solicited: reasonable.
IF you're "** ' borrow of the respectable house j
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. j
NICE sunny rooms and good board; $20 each;
use of piano. 513 Ellis.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable; table board.
POST. 809. near Pleasant sunny rooms,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
SUTTER, — Nicely furnished rooms over-
looking garden; board; desirable location.
"~ RESTAURANTS.
PUREST S, 16 Mason et— French dinner, 50c;
lunch. 2Sc or a la carte; prt. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant; any 2 130 dishes, with
small coffee. 25c 106-8 O' Fan-ell, opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDrS French dinner. 25c; 10 a. m. to 8 i
p. m. 43 Stockton fold No. 25). nr. O'Farrell. j
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant coffee and Ice 1
cream parlor. 1035 Market: popular prices. ;
CHILDREN BOARDED. ~~"
GOOD home for children not younger than 1
year, $2 per week or $3 per month. Apply 210
Lexington aye. £r_
ELDERLY lady would like child to board: j
mother's care; reasons 921 Shotwell st ,
__—_—_—_————— ——————^— ■—■——— _——————»
STORKS TO LET.
CORNER saloon to -let on Sixth st: occupied j
by- one tenant for twenty years. Apply to
C. S. CAPP _ CO.. real estate agents. 630 j
Market st _____ •
STORE and 2 rooms; good '-cation; cheap. 23 |
Zoe st, near Third and Bryant
$25— GROCERY and bar fixtures complete: S.W. j
cor. Z-e and Bryant sts. Keys 401 Third st.
OFFICES TO LET.'
OFFICE; light and sunny; Emma Spreckels
building, 927 Market st. ; rent $12 s';; light,
heat. Janitor and telephone Included. ASH- j
TON _ GARDINER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find in
her a true friend: a home for patients, with
every comfort convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home: consultation free and ab- ;
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed.
without Injury to health, or money refunded
by MRS DR. GWYER. si) Eddy st_ bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4
and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases cf monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the j
same day; no Instruments used; self-cure, $■>;
home in confinement; skillful medical atten- ;
tion; all can save time and expense by con- j
sulting- the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin ; hrs. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. {
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
trap friends of all invalids, men and women; ;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; -cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market st;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be cent
safe and sure: no medicines or Instruments
used: consultation free: traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure. $3: by the well-known specialists j
and ladies' physicians for 37 years; see us. i
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relives monthly Irregulari- \
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treat successfully more cases or Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and nwney,
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023Vb Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions; '
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known: reliable, safe and rure; cure in ;
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity ;
home: best medical attendance; pills Jl: cure \
$5. 1262 Market St., bet. 7th-Sth, tel. Mint 1633, {
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all j
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever j
cause; positively no instruments used: guar- |
anteed cure at office. J5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential. j
MRS. PR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5 p. m. \
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate j
aye.— Private home in confinement with every
comfort: best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free: Infants adopted into good j
homes; call before consulting others. - \
ALL married ladies know "Segurd," the great-
est boon to them. Richards _ Co.. 40*. Clay
et ' Jl 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Be-
sr-ro Mfg. Co., S3- X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: J2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADlES— lnstant relief for monthly troubles ;
or money back; $5 up. Dr. Wise. HIS Market. :
PRIVATE home In confinement; best refs.; '
. 1540*. Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife. j
DR. WONG HIM, herb -octor.treats all dis- ;
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. :
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc- j
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st i
33 000 FEET rubber and leather belting; all
widths; at half price. WHITE'S, 514-516-313
Mission st. ; /_ j
20-MILE power U. S. regulation field glass. ;
cost originally $33, for ill. at UNCLE HAR-
RIS', 15 Grant aye.
THOROUGHBRED - eggs for hatching: Black
Mlnorcas and Plymouth Rocks. $1 per setting.
2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda.
B A. P. outfits, showcases, counters, shelving,
portable office, etc. ; etc. ; selling out cheap.
862 Folsom st. ■
22 TABLECLOTHS for 4 and 6 chair tables;
nearly new. Inquire M_ Minna St. j
GLENMORE Kennels has nothing but the
best Irish setters. 2041 Linden at., Oakland.
FOR sale or to lease— Sloop yacht 3Sxl_ Par- j
ticulars from WM. '"KYER, 516 A Brannan st. ,
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, j
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur- ;
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1015-1021-1023 Mission st,
above Sixth.
BAB and gasoline engines; ail sizes and I
prices; second hand engines purchased and ,
exchanged. Dynamic Co., 503 Cal. st '.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second- hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN ft BURKE, 139 Beale st : .
FIRST-CLASS Prentice screw cutting lathe; a
portable forge. Call at once 643 Mission st
OVERSTOCK— St Germain Billiard Co.; tables,
saloon fixtures, beer pumps; rented. 409 Mkt :
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; 3. J_B; j
S. $150; 4. $175. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
LEATHER belting, lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission st: tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all '
■-.--■■-•-- cost 109-111 -■:-■-■->-
-_____—_——----
--tTpewkiteks.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
TO I__*«E. — —
POINT RICHMOND R. R. terminus; lots, bus-
iness and res. G. W. Haight, 220 Sanaomo.
CITY REAL ESTATE. _____
LOTS FINE i VIEW OF BAY— side of
- Union, west of Devisadero; cable cars at door;
transfer 3 ways down town; $1950; or any
size; ready, for building; fourth cash; balance \
'- 5 years. » _„_
Broadway, bet Fillmore and Steinep; $130 a
front foot; all street work done. _._„_!
Broadway, near Octavia; 45x152 :«: $10,000; or
any size.
50-vara. S. E. cor. Broadway and Baker;
magnificent view; $18,000; or any size.' __
N. W. cor. Broadway and Baker: .ixl37:s;
$17,000; not surpassed for panoramic view.
North side ' Pacific -aye., bet Broderick and
Biker: $150 a foot _.—_,, . m_i~.«.
N. E. cor. " Broadway and Baker; 50x1-. .6,
$12 500
Broadway, bet Broderick and Baker: 40x137:6;
JBOOO- - : -.rl: ':"- . .,_
Broadway and Steiner sts.. N. E. cor., 34:4 x
137-6; $6750. -. - " _,
North side Broadway, west of Devisadero; 40
x 137:6; magnificent view. - -
THOS. MAGEE & SONS. 4 Montgomery st
MISSION COTTAGES—
Four 5 « and 8 room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth St.. between Castro and
Noe: $2200 to $3200; small cash payment: bal-
ance monthly: over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder. _____
UNIMPROVED East Oakland. Mission and
south of Park lots; also 160. 2+l and 640 acres
of land In San Luis Obispo and Santa Bar-
bara counties; for sale or exchange for im-
proved property or paying business. Address
box 1135, Call office. :
ONLY $250 cash, balance $10 a month;
city poultry farm: new double bay-window
house; brick foundation: nice stable, chicken
house and city water: an absolute sacrifice.
P. A. DOLAN, 40 Montgomery st, room i.
BUSINESS property cor. Scott and Oak
Bta ' 3 stores and stable for 5 horses; im-
provements new; also fine cellar: 40x51 : well
rented: great bargain. L. OESTERREICHER,
11 Montgomery si. _____
$6C«O— TWO elegant flats; 2229 and 2231 Fifteenth
st bet Noe and Castro: 6 and 7 rooms; base-
ment partly finished; large stable; owner lives
in lower fiat
BARGAIN — 2-story modern house; perfect
order: $2500; terms. GEO. W. CHAPIN. 11
Montgomery st.
«2400— 824 Elizabeth St.; house of 5 rooms and
bath; fine large basement; $200 cash; monthly
installments.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; 3-foot base-
ment; large garden: lot 25x120. 29 Belvedere.
$295—25x100; Nebraska st, bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth; $40 cash, balance $8 per month.
$10,500 WANTED on business property from
Private parties. Address box 1134. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
in pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl par year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
tack in installments or as a whole; If you
ewe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
| you 'will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st
i LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
i Sixth: telephone South 14. •
ANY amount at 6*. per cent on real estate. 2d
j and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
-1 lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. ; telephone Mam 1644.
BORROW money on indorsed, paper or your
salary: small loans a specialty: any secur-
| ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d and Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: J25 up;
* private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
IF requiring money ascertain our rates; circu-
lar mailed to any address. R. GOLLD. 131
Montgcm'ery st, S. F.
I JoOO (va) TO loan sums to suit. 6 and •>"_ per
cont. J. McCALLAN, Sun of London office.
! 308 Pine st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbroker, try THE
OUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.
ON furniture, pianos, With removal; no com-
mission: private. LICK. 113 McAllister st.
; SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
i $50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL^
; MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mcrtg.. Chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Kretger.3l2 Em amlner big.
_________
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors.
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are fill or
crowned; pure gold, filling from $1: plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
i AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. corner Fourth, room 7. Flood building,
you can have your extractions done pain-
! lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
! up- office hours, 9a.m. to '■'' p. m. : Sunday,
9 to 2 p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.,
Manager. _^___
A FULL set of teeth. $3: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; filling. 50c; crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth at: telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., cx-
i tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2- bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
■ TEETH without plates a specialty; foil set of
1 teeth. $3; crowns. $3; fillings, JOe; all work
'warranted tar ten years. Modern Dental
! Parlors, 8 Mason St.. corner of Market
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work; lowest prices: ten operators: open
Binge and Sundays. Sixth and Market
1 DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st
! LOWEST prices In S. F. : painless extraction
I guarn td. N. Y. Dentist. 969 Mission, cor. fith.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 225 Kearny; set fo teeth
$4: filling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c; crowns. $3.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
'SHERIFF'S" SALE-JAMES D. BYRNE-7
plaintiff, vs. A. DAVIDSON, defendant.
Sale. Superior Court. Department No. 7.
N'r .-. ? . - Execution.
t'c_*:r -,: by virtue of an execution. issued
i ' out of '.he Superior Court, Department No.
7, of the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 4th day* of March,
' a D. 1*99. in the above entitled action, where-
in JAMES D. BYRNES, the above named
plaintiff, obtained a Judgment against A.
DAVIDSON, defendant on the 13th day of
February. A. P. 1839, which said Judgment
was recorded In the clerk's office of said
j court lam commanded to sell all the right,
title and Interest of the above named de-
fendant ALONZO DAVIDSON, in and to all
that certain lot piece or parcel of land, suit-
uate, lying and being in the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, and
bounded and described as follows:
Commencing on the southerly line of Na-
toma street, one hundred ninety-six and 3-12
feet ,',.»• 3-12) west from its intersection with
the westerly line of Fifth street, and one
hundred and sixty feet (ISO) north from
Howard street; thence west on the said
southerly line of Natoma street and parallel
With Howard street twenty-one and 3-12 feet
(21 3-12) feet; thence southerly and parallel
with Fifth street eighty. (Ml feet: thence
easterly and parallel with Howard street
twenty-one and 3-12 feet (21 B-_>| thence
northerly and parallel with Fifth street
eighty (SO) feet to Natoma street and the
-point cf commencement
Being a portion of subdivisions 19 and 20
of I'-- vara lot number 196. ■ according to the
official map and survey of the City and
j County of San Franc. -
Public notice is hereby given that en
TUESDAY, the 4th day of April, A. D. 1599,
at 12 o'clock, noon, of that day. in front of
the New City Hall, Larkin street wing, in
the City and County of San Francisco. I "will,
in obedience to said execution, sell all of the
right, title and interest of the above named
defendant. ALONZO DAVIDSON, In and to
the above described property, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to raise suf-
ficient money to satisfy said judgment, with
interest and costs, etc., to the highest and
best bidder for. lawful money of the United
States. HENRY S. MARTIN.
**-";•/ Sheriff.
San Francisco. March 13th, 1599.
JOHN W. BOURDETTE. Call Building.
San Frar.'- Attorney for Plaintiff.
_ ______________
PROPOSALS.
_A>TfRANCISCO, Cal.. March 15, 1839— Seaied
proposals. in, .triplicate, will be received here
ant I _ o'clock m., April 14, 1539, and then
j opened, for new boiler, repairs to engine and
docking, cleaning and repairing U. S. steam-
er General McDowell. Government reserves
right to reject or accept any or all bids in
I whole or In part. Preference given to articles
i of domestic production, conditions of price
and quality (Including In the price of foreign
productions the duty thereon) being equal,
and such preference given to articles of Amer-
ican prod': produced on the Pacific Coast
to extent of consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. Information furnished on
• application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be Indorsed "Pro-
posals for new boiler, docking etc.. of steam-
er." and addressed to J. M. MARSHALL,
Deputy QT_trterm_ster General, Chief Q. M.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MAR-NT Co.. 26 miles from S. F.— to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes: Im- I
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain. j
_. fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail I
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND I
FARM. CO.. rm. 27, Sth floor. Mills bldg.. 3. F. <
NEW rich land near city; small and large j
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops ; '
raised in dry season of 1597-98 address THE
COTATI CO., 302 California st. S. F.
BEST built corner cottage in Mill Valley; lot
75x110; cheap: 5 rooms, bath, stable, gardens,
oak and fruit trees. Particulars at 2719 Byr-
ant aye., between 25th and 26th sts., city.
FOR sale or rent— Chicken ranch: suburban j j
home; cheap. T. ABRAMS. box 174. Peta- ;
luma. Cal. ■ _____—_—_—_—
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
, 1
OAKLAND REAL __STA__i.
SPECIAL BARGAINS—
31400— House of S rooms and bath, in good con-
dition, within 8 blocks of Center-st. Station:
nice location.
$155') — Cottage of . rooms and bath; lot 50x123
feet: street work all done; centrally located on
Myrtle st.
12000— Just completed: Colonial style cottage
of 5 rooms on Telegraph aye., near South
Berkeley; lot £0x165 feet. - -- ::' . . :
HUGH M. CAMERON,
MB Broadway, near Eleventh St.,
Oakland. Cal.
WHY PAY RENT?
We can sell you a new 2-story house of 7
rooms, modern In every appointment, location i ,
sunny side Adeline, near Fourteenth st, on .
payments little above ordinary rent: house
can be finished by April 10. A J. SAMUELS
& CO.. 468 Ninth st. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOM- AND
BOARD.
NICELY furnished rooms, single or en suite: .
private family; all modern improvements;
with or without board; 7 minutes from local
train: reasonable. 355 Telegraph aye., cor.
William st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR _______
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st See him.
1 ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
• $1000— Lot 50x125; house 5 rooms; good location.
$2200—75x158; cottage. 5 rooms: Central aye.
Jl5OO— Elegant house. 8 rooms; large lot:
i Grand St., near San Antonio aye.
I 50x150; new .-room house; Morton street
station. _
Choice lot on Chestnut st. near San Jose !
1 aye.. $22 per foot; to exchange for San Fran- 1
i cisco property: splendid 7-room cottage; at j
Morton street station.
: The above are In best locations and can be >
' bought on terms to suit: convenient to trains i
and schools. ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1500 Park st. Alameda.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
San Francisco Office. 30 Montgomery st
12500— THIS offer good for 10 days only: Lot 1
50x150, San Jose aye.. with first-class cottage
c- 2-story house of 6 rooms, to order. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st.
', $2000— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; lot 33:4x_0;
fine artesian well,' windmill, etc.; easy terms.
! $3100— Elegant new home. 8 rooms: lot 4_x133;
; Santa Clara aye.: terms $406 cash. -$25 per mo.
jigOO— New Colonial cottage. 6 rooms; lot 4_x
; 207; half block from station and high school;
I terms $400 cash, $25 per month.
$3500— New house of 8 rooms: let 40x160: fine
( location; San Antonio are.; Chestnut Station;
i terms $500 cash, $25 per month.
A fine business corner. 25x82:6; store and flat
I above: new and modern; must be sold; owner
I going East -'-
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICE— McCaII Sliding
Hinge Window Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. San Francisco. Cal. I
NOTICE— There is delinquent upon the fol-
lowing described stock, on account of assess-
ment levied on the 14th day of February, A. V.
ISS9 the several amounts set opposite the
' names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
-1 lows: •
No. No.
V.mos — Cert Shares. Amt.
; Elvln C. McCall « 10.000 $500
i Elvln C. McCall.... 7 6.000 300
ElV.n C. Mc<~a;l 8 1,000 50
Elvln C. McCall 9- 1.000 50
Clarence C. McCall 10 10.000 500
i Clarence C. McCall 11 6.000 30* ;
! Clarence C. McCall 12 1.000 50
Clarence C. MeC-D 13 1.000 50
Michael O'SuUlvan... 14 10.000 500 j
Michael Sullivan 15 6.000 300
: Michael O'SuUlvan 16 LOCO 50
, Michael O'SuUlvan 17 1.000 50
Jonas Weyi IS 6,000 300
And in accordance with law and an order of
the board of directors, made on the 14th day
of February, 1*99, so many shares of each par-
' eel of such stock as may be necessary will be
sold at the office of the company. No. 215
Golden Gate avenue, San Francisco. Cal.. on '
Tuesday, the 4th day of April, at the hour of :
■ 12 o'clock m. of said day. to pay delinquent as-
, sessments thereon, together with the costs of :
advertising and expenses of the sale.
ELVIN C. McCALL. Secretary.
Office, 215 Golden Gate aye., San Francisco. ;
<*■" ■ ■ •
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES—
I # Birth, marriage and death notices sent by j
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed '
• in at either of the nubllcatlon offices and be i
; Indorsed With the name and residence of - per- j
sons authorized to have the same published. . |
BOBN.
BUSH— In this city. March 13, 1899, to the wife
of Harry Bush, a daughter.
IVANOVICH— In this city, March 19, _99, to j
the wife of J. M. Ivanovich, a son.
___ _)____). | ~~
Ahem. Nora *<__-_*. Margaret
Anderson, Carolina Miller. Frederick W. j
Bowman. John Murphy. James A.
Bowen, Mary Ann Murphy, Mary E.
Booth. Robert Montell. Francis M.
Brady. John n-j-haughnessy. Mary
Beuter. J. Henry Patton. Catherine
Cook. Lena Ouillan. Philip J.
Clifton. Millie E. Rowland, jane
De Ry, Lorenzo Sharring (infant)
Donahue. Thomas Simons. Harriet A.
Franceschini. Charles Spaeth. Mrs. Brigita
Faure. Albert Sturdlvant, Sister B.
Guehne. Fritz Stokes, Johannah
Johnston. James Tims. Millie E.
Jensen, Josle Tltcomb, John H. -
Jeffers, Patrick Warner. Isaac S.
Lang, . Theresa Zahnd. Annie
AHERN— In Port Costa. OaX. March 1?. MM.
Nora, beloved daughter of James and Johan-
na Ahem. and sister of 'Willie and Brtdgie
Ahem, aged 3 years 1 month and 19 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday); leaves Port Costa at 7.45 a. m. j
Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery. Vallejo.
ANDERSON— In Alameda. March 19. 1559. at [
1247 Broadway. Carolina, beloved wife of j
August Anderson, mother of Cora Anderson,
and sister of Matilda Anderson, a native of j
Sweden, aged 56 years and 21 days.
(C - Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow |
(Tuesday), at 1:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1247 Broadway. Alameda.
BOWMAN— In _— city, March 17, 1533. John, j
beloved husband of the late Margaret Bow- !
man, and father of Mrs. Annie Toomey and .
Mrs. Jessie Conners. a native of Montrose, >
Scotland, aged £4 years and 10 months.-
__f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day";
(Monday), at 2:30 O'clock, from his jate resi- ;
dence, _ Natoma street Interment Laurel :
. Hill Cemetery.
: BOWEN— In West Berkeley. March 18. 1539,
Mary Ann. widow of the late Captain Wil-
liam J: Bow*n. a native Of Lame, Ireland. I
aged 67 years 7 months and 14 days. (Belfast. i
Ireland, "papers please copy.)
U_7" Funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday), ;
•at 10:30 o'clock, at the residence of G. H. '■
Phillips. Berkeley. Interment private in I
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOOTH— In this city. March IS, 18M. Robert, j
dearly beloved husband of Catharine Booth,
and beloved father of James E.. George W.
and Joseph J. Booth. Mrs. Charles Kurpinsky, i
Mrs. A. Cordes. Mrs. G. Wetherbee and Mrs.
W. Regentz. a native of Ireland, aged 66 \
years and 8 months. (Boston, Mass.. papers |
please copy.)
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi- ;
dence, corner Of Army and Florida streets, j
thence to St. Peter's Church, Alabama street
near Twenty-fourth, where a solemn high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. March 13. 1899, John,
beloved son of Thomas J. and Delia Brady, |
and brother of Katie, May and Thomas 1
Brady, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years 8 months and 2 days.
__TThe funeral will take place this day j
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence I
of the parents. 3016 Larkin street. Interment i
private. Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
BEUTER— In Oakland. March 19, WW, 2. Henry I
Beuter. beloved son of Mrs. M. Beuter and !
the late John C. Beuter. -brother of John j
O. and Dora Beuter. Mrs. Kyll. Mrs. Cough- ;
lln and Mrs. Behrend. a native of Charles- j
ton. N. C- aged 39 years and C months
s_fFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at late '
residence. 220 Hannah street North Oakland, j
Funeral services under the auspices of Occi- j
dental Lodge No. 6, A. O. U. W. Interment j
Mountain View Cemetery.
COOK— this city. March 13, 1899, at 1:30 a. !
m., Lena, -If. of Carroll Cook, and eldest \
daughter of Ann E. and the late W. W. Stow,
a native of San Francisco. ___-_-i
E-T-Friends. and acquaintances are |_**Pf=--
fully' invited- to attend the funeral _*v-c - »
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, southwest corner of Scott street,
and Broadway. Interment private.
CLIFTON-In this city. March 19.1339. Millie
E.. beloved wife of Frank R. Clifton, a na-
tive of Boston, aged *% years and « montns.
DE RY-In this city. March 17. 1899.. Lorenzo
De Ry. a native of Canton Aargau, Switzer-
land, aged 73 years. _____♦
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Dlerks. 957 Mission street -i n _« the
auspices of Swiss Mutual Benevolent Society.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DONAHUE — In this city. March 13. . 1539.
Thomas Donahue, youngest brother cj. 1 "
late Michael. Colonel Peter and James Dona-
hue, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years. -
IE?- The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his _«»*■« - resi-
dence. 115 Grove street, thence to St Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will De
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ,
FRANCESCHINI— In this eft - March 18, . 13*».
Charles, beloved son of Victor and -.a.c
Franceschini. and brother of Lore tta and
the late Estella Franceschini and Edwara
and William Fogarty. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 6 years 3 months and 19 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the wldence
of his parents. 640 Ellis street, thence to St
Mary's Cathedral for services, interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. >__♦
FAURE-In this city, March 19. ISM. Albert.
dearly beloved son of Phi omen Faure
brother of Ambrose, Benjamin and Brest
Faure, and nephew of Mr. and Mrs. --**-J ,re *
son. a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years and 6 months.
C~ 'Notice of funeral hereafter. .
GUEHNE— In Yount'.ille. Napa County. Cal..
______ 18. MM Fritz Guehne. beloved^ ««£•*
of Mrs. Ernst Dreye* and Mrs. Paul Doenr
ing. a native of Germany, aged «>'**"_-_..
CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral t O -* 0 "" 0 ,*
(Tuesday), at 2 O'clock, from the parlors of
H f Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— IB this city. March 13. --»•/*-?«_
Johnston, beloved eon of Peter and Jane
Johnston, and brother of Mrs. f«Mh»titFo^
land. Or.. Mrs. C. GuglielmorJ of Colma and
Miss Lucy and Miss Lena Johnston -• na-
tive of Judsonville. Contra Costa county, aged
17 years 5 months and 4 days. __,_—.
_> Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from Colma.
JENSEN- In this city. March ».M__ 3'*^i
dearly beloved wife of Marten Jensen, and
mother of John Jensen and the late Mrs. Kate
Petersen, a native of Monterey, Cal.. age-
-47 years. _ -____.
ETFriends and acquaintances are J_T_J*__ "
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day: March 22. at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence. 353 Third street, corner of Harri-
JEFFERS-In this city. March 15. 1899. Pat-
rick Jeffers. beloved brother of the late Mrs,
Rose Tynan and the late Ellen >eltch. a na-
tive of the parish of Movlll, County Donegal.
Ireland, aged 53 years. ,
LANG— In this city. March IS, IS", Theresa,
beloved wife of Edwin Lang, and mother or
Mary. Nicholas H.. Mark A. Harry J. and
May Lane and Sister Theresa (Convent of
Notre Dame', a native of County Wexford,
Ireland, aged 55 years.
eTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, corner of Fillmore
and Fell streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, March 19. 1«99. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Dennis Mc-
Carthy, and mother of Mrs. John O'Hare the
late Mrs. Lizzie Hurley of San Francisco.
Mrs. Margaret Lynch. Mrs. Julia SulHvan.
Mrs. Mamie Sullivan and Lawrence McCarthy
of Springfield. Mass., a native of County
Cork. Ireland. __„_„
jr_rFrlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock from the residence
of her son-in-law. John O'Hare, i£iri_ Hamp-
shire street, thence to St. Peter's Church.
Alabama street, where a requiem high mass
wilt be celebrated for th» repose of hereout
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MILLER-In this city. March 18. 1599. Fred-
erick W dearly beloved husband Of Hen-
riette Miller, and beloved father of Mrs. J.
Krumhoiz. Mrs. A. Cassabohmv Mrs. ".Mil-
ler and Fred W. and Charles P. Miller, na-
tive of Munster am Stein. Prussia, aged 61
years 6 months and 13 days. A member of
Slegel Ham No. 7. U. A- O. D. (Greenfield.
Mass.. papers please copy.) _.____.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1913 Howard #reet. between ""eenth
and Sixteenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MURPHY— In this city, March 17. 1899. Jamee
A son of James J. and Ada Murphy, and
brother of Frank. John J. and Sarah Murphy.
Mrs. L. A J--*? 1 --- and Mrs. J. Denlson. a
native of Nevada, aged 14 years and 6 months.
__TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at »-* o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 1720 Market street Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. March 13. _», Mary
E beloved wife of the late P. Murphy.
daughter of Mrs. J C. Roche, mother of P.
J. r'u'.len. Mrs. J. R. Dailey and Mamie E..
Edward. "Willie. Marguerite and Fran-
Murphy, and beloved sister Of Mrs. E. E.
Lynfe Mrs. G. S. Pvl». Mrs. W. A. Roche
and ,l' T.. W. H. and J. J. Roche, a native
of Fail River, Mass.. aged 42 years and lfl
months. **
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■day), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1433 Seventh avenue South. South San
Francisco, thence to All Hallows' Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of her sod!, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. '- - '"■ - :
MONTELL— In this city. March 13. 1593. Fran-
cis M MonteU. a native of New Providence,
aged 73 years. - ' . ...
CSHAUGHNESST-In this city. March W.
1899 at the residence of the parents. 260 ell
street Mary, infant and beloved daughter of
Michael and Annie O'Shaughnessy. a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 7 months.
H_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
PATTON— In this city. March 18. 1599, Cath-
er* ne" "beloved wife of George Patton, daugh-
ter of the late William and Catherine Dono-
van and sister of Frank Donovan and the
late' Hannah and Stephen Donovan and Mrs.
Mary McConahey, a native of San Francisco.
_7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full-' Invite, to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 633 Valencia street, thence to Mission
-Dolores Church for services at ID o clock.. In-
' terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUILLAN-In this city. March 19. 1539, at St
Mary's Hospital. Philip J-. -,elov<-d husband
of the late Kate Quillan. a native of Ire-
land, aged 68 years. (Oakland papers please
Friends and acquaintance* aT - respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the Chapel of the JMto
attached to St Mary's Hospital, where a
so' emn requiem mass will be celebrated «£
the repose of his soul, commencing __>___»
o'clock Interment .St. Mar (-emetery.
Oakland, via the 9 o clock creek boat
ROWLAND- In this city. March 17. li.- Jane.
beloved wife of William P.oWnnd. a native^of
Wales, ared 56 years. (Liverpool and Car-
diganshire. England, papers please copy) -
rTTB-rienJ-- and acquaintances are respect-
f ally invito to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) at i o'clock from the parlors of
Haistea * Co.. 346 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. _: :-
SHARRINO-In the City and County Hospital.
March »l«9 infant son of Maud Starring.
a native of California, aged 5 days.
STMONS-In Alameda. March IS. 18W. Mrs.
Harriet Angel Simons, a native of New York.
aged Friend* 5 and acquaintances are _______
B-rFrien'l» and acquaintances are respect-
fuUy invited to attend the funeral to-morroi*
«T_e«d_V) at U o'clock, from her late rest-
SenceTMS Railroad avenue. Maetlck station.
Alameda- Interment private in Laurel HIU
ep\ETH-In Oakland. March M, lS33__Wrs.
___St* Spaeth, beloved mother. of Mrs. Brigi-
ta Jones, a native of Munich. Bavaria OOc r
_t_ny. aged 83 years 2 months and 13 days. :
<STT-RDIV\N"T— In this city, March 19. 189*.
f?i»ter Berchmans Marie Sturdlvant a native
of «an Francisco, aged 34 year*. .
rCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
.Tuesday). from the College of Notre Dame,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
STOKES- this city, March 19. _W, Johan-
nah relict of the late John Stokes and dearly
beloved mother of Mrs E. F. O'Connor. «
native of County Tipperary. Ireland.
TIMS— In this city. March 1?. MM. Mil!:* E .
T t M lo7ed wife of Frank R. Tims, and mother
of Mrs Lv«;ander Madden, a native of Maesa-
chnsetts. aged 48 years and 6 months.
TTTCOMB— In this city, March 19. 1399, John H.
Tltcomb. a native of Newburyport Mas*.,
aged SI years. # '
W\PfNER— this city. March 13. 1359. Isaac
<; beloved husband of Carrie L. Warner, and
fathPr of E. Stephen and George H. Warner,
a native of Boston. Mass.. aged 63 year* and
14 days. - • '
I_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Fidelity Lodge
Hall No. 222. I. O. O. F. Cremation at L O.
O. F. Crematory, private.
ZAH _r_»_in this city. March 19. '.W. Annie,
beloved daughter of Mary and Albert Zaßnd.
and niece of Delia McGrath. a native of San
Francisco, aged a months and 2 days. - ■
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND F.MB * Tflß__
20 Fifth st. opposite Lincoln Scbeoi. '
Telephone South 80. - .
■II f ■■(!■»■ II !-----■-■_■_■.
_ iVO> _k CO.. I
FtTN*___VL __!___ TORS _ EMH_(,MH_» I
US. Market st, between Sth and »__ I
Taiep— ana. Sooth MT. |
910
HE SHOT TO STOP
THE HORSES BUT
KILLED THE BOY
Deputy Sheriff Desirello's Tale
of the Colma Tragedy.
Young Johnson's Slayer Expresses Re
morse for His Fatal Act-His Story
Flatly Contradicted.
FRED DESIRELLO, the Deputy Sher
iff and Constable who killed young
James Johnson at Colma Saturday
evening-, expresses the deepest re
morse at the fatal consequence of his act,
and earnestly protests that he did not in
tend to injure any one of the three boys
When he fired three shots at them. He de
clares that he believed the team, behind
which "Jack" Viccari, "Jim" Johnson
and Henry Jensen were riding, was run
ning away, and he "aimed at the horses.
Desirello further said he had once be
fore stopped a runaway team with a bul
let from his pistol, and to save the boys,
whom he thought were in danger, and
to prevent a possible collision with an
other team, he Impulsively drew his pistol
and began shooting. But he does not ex
plain why he ran after the team and con
tinued his fusillade when the boys had
passed him and he could not possibly
have hit either of the horses.
Desirello's story of the crime differs ma
terially from the statements of Henry
Jensen and "Jack" Vacarri, who so nar
rowly escaped the fate of their compan
ion. Both boys maintain .that the horses
were not running away, neither were they
being driven rapidly. The youths assert
that the team was traveling on an ordin
ary trot. A dozen people around Col-da
who have seen the horses dally for
months are emphatic in stating that the
animals were common farm "plugs" and
could not under any circumstances get up
sufficient speed to be dangerous to any
one.
The prisoner denies that, after young
Johnson jumped from the wagon and
was dying, he threatened to shoot Vac
carl, but Lllile and Ida Reun, sisters
aged 16 and 18, heard Desirello utter the
threat, and they urged young Vaccari to
remain silent, as the tone of the threat
implied its speedy execution. Desirello
can make no excuse which will in any
way mitigate his offense. Even accepting
his story as sincere, he was a dangerous
man, reckless in the use of a pistol, and
not even skilled in the handling of such
a weapon. As an officer he was of course
privileged to carry arms, but he was not
licensed to shoot down horses which
might be trotting rapidly.
Desirello sat in the Sheriff's office in
the jail at Redwood City yesterday and
gave his version of the tragedy. He had
evidently passed a sleepless night, and
the realization of what he had done rest
ed heavily upon him. His wife, who is
woefully distressed because of her hus
band's recklessness, was with him all the
forenoon. She was in a grocery store at
Colma when the fatal bullet penetrated
Johnson's neck, and when she rushed out
and saw what had happened she vainly
endeavored to stanch the blood. • She
placed her hands over the wound, but it
was a futile effort, as no power on earth
could have saved the boy. Desirello was
asked why he shot at the boys, and he
replied:
"My God! I did not want to hurt any of
them. I thought the horses were running
away and I shot at them. I hardly knew
the poor boy who is dead, and had no
motive in killing him." He then gave a
detailed account of his part in the tragedy
as follows: -, : - .' : . '■'__
"I went to Union Coursing Park in the
afternoon, and to be prepared for any
serious trouble which might arise I put
my pistol in my pocket. 1 do not always
carry a weapon, and during my six years
service as Deputy Sheriff I never had oc
casion to use a gun. I am not a gun
fighter and am not an expert shot.
"When the dog races were over I went
to Colma and about 7 o'clock I was stand
ing near the White House, waiting for a
car to go to Baden. My wife was in a
store purchasing some groceries. Billy
Murphy, the dog owner, was standing
■with me, and we saw a team coming
down the road at a breakneck speed.
Billy remarked 'There's a runaway. The
next instant the horses passed us, and I
pulled my pistol and fired. The wagon
was then about ten yards from me. The
team did not stop and _ ran in the same
direction, shooting as I ran. After I fired
the third bullet I heard young Johnson
say, 'I'm phot,' and saw him jump
from the wagon. I did not think a bullet
had struck him until he sank to the side
walk In front of Belli's store. I ran over
and lifted him up and tried to stop the
flow of blood. He died in a moment or
two, and I went to Constable Nevlll and
gave myself up, asking him to take me to
Redwood. I told him what had happened
and he hitched up and brought me here.
"When I began shooting I did not know
who were in the wagon. It was dark and
I could not see the boys. They were yell
ing like Indians and I thought they were
drunken milkmen."
This statement, except as to the shoot
ing and the result, is contradicted by the
boys on the wagon and by William Mur
phy, who declares he was not near Desi
rello when he fired at the team.
When "Jack" Vaccari was going from
the ranch of J. Baumana, where he
works, to Colma he was accompanied by
James Johnson and Henry Furger, who
wished to catch an electric car. They
stopped at the switch, about thirty yards
from where Desirello was standing, and
Furger alighted and boarded a car. niie
the horses were standing young Jensen
got into the wagon and stood behind the
seat. They started for Belli's stor^, and
as they crossed the car track a man ran
"out into the road, ran back again and be
gan shooting at them. The remainder of
their story was told exclusively in yester
day's Call, and they have not changed a
single detail and there are no contradic
tions in their tales.
William Murphy, who owns a kennel
about fifty yards from the scene of the
murder, heard the shots fired and rushed
Immediately to the place where the crowd
was collecting. •
"I was in my kennels," he said- yester
day, "when I heard three shots fired in
quick succession. At once I left my work
and rushed over to the crowd. That is all
I know about the murder."
The. Reun sisters also ran to Belli', store
when they heard the shots, and they
heard Desirello tell Vaccari to "shut up
or he would put a bullet in him," when the
boy asked the murderer why he had killed
Jim.
Desirello's remorse and his statement
that he used his pistol recklessly to stop
an imaginary runaway does not assuage
the grief of the heartbroken relatives of
the dead boy. He was an only son and
his aged father and mother are inconsol
able. Their grief is pitiful and no kindly
intended ministrations will dry 'their
tears or relieve their heartache. Mrs
Johnson did not learn of her boy's death
until late Saturday night, and she could
not get a car through to Colma. She rode
as far as Ocean Mew and walked from
there to her daughter's home, where her
son was cold in death. The father arrive
half an hour later. The bereft parents
sat all night beside the body and were
deaf to all entreaty to leave the room. A
more pitiable case cannot be imagined.
The father's only words were:
"My' poor boy, my poor boy! I have no
one to help me any. more."
The mother's woe overcame her, and
she could only express her grief in sobs
to the friends who remained in the deso
late home.
Coroner Crowe went to Colma yesterday
forenoon and an autopsy was performed.
The following were Impaneled as jurors:
Hugh C. Rodgers, Thomas E. Kennedy,
M. Millett, Joseph Selicani, James Rodg
ers, Michael Griffin, Fred Selicani, Fred
Pierce an„ M. Callan. TJie Jury ylewed
the remains and the inquest was set for
10 a. m. Wednesday at Colma.
District Attorney J. J. Bullock was also
in Colma yesterday seeking all informa
tion which has any bearing on the crime.
The funeral of young Johnson will be
held Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock from
St. Ann's Church, Colma. Father Cooper
visited the family yesterday and offered
spiritual consolation to the weeping rela
tives of the dead boy.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
"ARTHUR RODGERS RETURNS.
Will Submit Names to the University
Regents for President,
Arthur Rodgers, who has been making
an extended Eastern visit in the search
for a new president for the University of
California, arrived in this city last night
with his family and engaged apartments
at the Occidental. When he was seen by
a Call representative he said:
"Of course, you want to. see me in re
gard to the selection of a new president
for the university, but it will he impossi
ble for me to say anything definite on the
subject. I went East with the intention
of instituting inquiries as to what educa
tors were available for the position. I
investigated the qualifications of eight or
ten gentlemen east of the Rockies and
I will submit the result of my investiga
tions to the committee aud finally to the
regents. It would be Indelicate in me to
announce these names before the regents
have had an opportunity to be informed
CONGRESSMAN KAHN IS
NOW A HAPPY BENEDICT
JULIUS KAHN, the newly elected Con
gressman from the Fourth District,
and Miss Florence Prag, the well
known educator, were united in mat
rimony at norm yesterday. The ceremony
was celebrated at the home of the
bride's mother, Mrs. Mary Prag, 1908 Scott
street, arid was extremely private, only
the immediate relatives of the contract
ing parties being present. A delightful
simplicity marked the details of the wed
ding. No maid of honor nor best man lent
the happy couple their support as they
be_ore the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM., MONDAY, MARCH 20, 1899.
of them. While I do not deny that I
have my individual preference, It is not
for me but for the regents to decide. We
do not desire to extend the presidency to
any one who might refuse It, anil you
can rest assured that when the man is
selected it will be one who will accept the
high office with its great responsibilities."
The question of the election of a presi
dent for the university will come up at
the April meeting of the board of regents,
and it is expected that a successor to
Professor Martin Kellogg will be chosen.
Professor Kellogg* resignation took ef
fect on the first of this month, but he has
been serving until the selection is made.
KIDNAPED MARIE MANCO.
Mrs. O. C. Saake of Los Angeles called
at police headquarters yesterday morning
in the expectation of getting possession
of her five-year-old daughter, Mane
Manco, who was kidnaped over two years
ago, but she was disappointed.
Miss Cunningham, one of the lady man
agers of the Maria Kip Orphanage, where
the little girl has been living, and Officer
McMurray of the Society for the Protec
tion of Children, who discovered; the
child's whereabouts, were waiting, for
her. They had' a long conference, and it
was decided that if Mrs. Whittier
who it is alleged kidnaped the child and
placed her in the orphanage, does not ap
pear and make any claim for her, she
will be given into the custody of Mrs.
Saake to-morrow.
As Mrs. Whittier placed the child in the
orphanage the managers do not care to
hand her over to another person until
thoroughly. satisfied of that person's legal
right. Mrs. Saake could only refer them
to Chief Glass of Los Angeles, and Miss
Cunningham will place no obstacle in her
way if Mrs. Whittier falls to- make her
Murder Results From an Officer's Peculiar Method of Stopping Run
away Horses.
appearance.
Officer McMurray has so far been un
able to obtain any clew to Mrs. Whittier,
but he expects the publication of the
story in the press will bring word from
her if she has nothing to conceal or be
afraid of.
JULIUS KfIHN.
repeated the solemn words' that made
them one.
The bride's gown was of pure white
mousseline and was destitute of any orna
ment. The fleecy folds of the bridal veil
completely enveloped the graceful figure.
A wreath of natural orange blossoms fast
ened the veil to the coiffure.
The only departure from the extreme
simplicity that characterized the entire
affair was in the matter of floral embel
lishments. Mr. and Mrs. Henderson of
Santa Clara, uncle and aunt of the bride,
sent up a carload of choicest blossoms.
PUBLIC OPINION
IS OPPOSED TO
POOL-SELLING
Ministers Again Take
. Up the Subject-
IS THE LAW A VALID ONE?
THE GAMBLERS WILE . NOT BE
RELEASED ON BONDS.
The Work of the Police Department,
the Supervisors and The Call '
Commended From, the
, Pulpit-
Public sentiment still continues strong
against racetrack gambling. Since the
recent expose of its manifold evils the
evil his been considered in its true light
and is now generally condemned. Now
that Ingleside is closed to bettors the pub
lic has taken an active interest in fur
thering the good . work accomplished.
Every effort is being exerted to prevent
the reopening of the track, and success
now seems almost assured.
The Board of Supervisors refuses to re
consider its . action, and . its decision
has now become a law. ' Those who have
been arrested for a violation of the or
dinance can expect nothing but the most
rigid prosecution. The Police Department
is universally commended for Its prompt
action In enforcing the ordinance against
the gamblers, who have attempted to test
its validity by violating it and bringing It
before the courts.
The clerks in the courts in which these
cases are pending have been forbidden to
issue bonds for the release of any and all
gamblers who are arrested for a viola
tion of the gambling ordinance.
Probably one of the most scathing pub
which the decorator utilized with most
artistic effect. The drawing-room in
which the ceremony was performed was
converted into a veritable sweet-scented
bower, in which lilacs and roses and fruit
blossoms vied with one another to grace
the occasion. In one corner of the apart
ment a canopy of almond and peach blos
soms was erected, and there the newly
married couple stood to receive the many
salutations of their assembled guests.
Following the ceremony a bridal break
fast was served for forty. After a short
Miss Florence Prag.
bridal trip Mr. and Mrs. Kahn will settle
down in town until the opening of Con
gress, when they will go to Washington,
P. C
lie denunciations that were made against
the continuance of the pool gambling was
from the ministers of the gospel, who
made a vigorous crusade against It a
week ago. The subject was again taken
up last evening in many of the churches
throughout the city, and the good work
will probably continue until the curse is
entirely stamped out and the validity of
the law proven.
Among those who denounced it from
the pulpit last evening was the Rev. W.
E. Dugan of the Stewart Memorial U. P.
Church. His address in part. was as fol
lows:
Racetrack pool gambling received a death
blow on Monday night at the meeting of our
city fathers. For this our hearts rejoice and
we want to commend those Supervisors who
voted us the victory over vice. The Call of
our city deserves special commendation for the
noble fight it 'made against the racecourse
evils. It is not always that a daily will make
so bitter a fight against so vicious an evil as
this pool gambling had come to be in San
Francisco.
I have not the least doubt that the Board of
Supervisors was influenced by the way The
Call showed up the awful evils of the track.
The way this paper brought before the public
the scathing condemnation by the pulpits of
our city of this nefarious business surely had
a great effect. Pulpit and people ought to
stand by any paper that will thus fight evil.
It did us good to hear that our city fathers
had decided to stop this pool gambling and it
made our hearts leap with joy to note the
commendable manner in which Chief of Police
Lees and his worthy men carried out the order.
We have in this an illustration of the fact that
the world is getting better. One by one the
cities of the East have been driving out these
gambling parasites of society, and San Fran
cisco had become the dumping ground of the
United States for such characters and business.
But now that our city. has said to the maggots,
"You must go," I see grand evidence of the
fact that the world Is growing better.
Thugs, "bums," gamblers and their cousins
will soon have no stamping ground in the
United States unless Oakland or some of th*»
young cities across the bay will give these
nefarious characters a warm place In their
hearts. But I am sure that The Call, local
clergy and all decent citizens will make it
Interesting for these blood-suckers across the
bay.
In all this I see the hand of God. He permits
an evil to come up in our midst, to flourish
until our hearts have been made sick of the
gigantic monster of evil, and then His great
hand, working through human instrumentality
—through the press and pulpit— wipes the
blighting curse from the face of the earth. God
uses many instrumentalities for carrying for
ward His work. The press is the mightiest
agency in this or the coming century. It is the
agency which will In all future time largely
be used to fight evil and suppress vice. Already
the Almighty has been largely using the relig
ious press for His work, but the daily and
secular press has not been generally counted
as a very great moral agency. But in The
Call's commendable attack of this pool gam
bling and in various other instances, we see
that God's arm is the power behind the dally
Civilization has taken another great step for
ward ; heaven and earth have been brought
closer together and human nature has been
elevated and mankind has Rlorifled itself once
more. Let the press In Its Rood work continue
until all evil shall cease and the kingdom of
universal peace has been ushered in.
HARRY MINER IS HERE.
Well-Known Theatrical Man Dis-
cusses Greater New York.
Harry Miner, the prominent theatrical
manager and proprietor, who represented
the Ninth District in the Fifty-fourth
Congress, has come to this coast on a
business and pleasure trip combined and
is registered at the Palace. Mr. Miner
enjoys the unique distinction of having
been the only Democrat elected in New
Tork in 1804, when David B. Hill and
nineteen others were defeated. As Mr.
Miner puts it "that was the year Tam
many was sunk." There were but three
other Democratic Congressmen from the
State, and they were Amos Cummings,
George B. McClellan and William Sultz
ner.
Mr. Miner is the proprietor of five
theaters in New York City, the Fifth
avenue, People's, Eighth-avenue, Bowery
and Miner's New Tork. He has six shows
on the road and in all employs ISOO people.
He has been actively engaged in the
theatrical business for twenty-seven
years, and he will shortly retire and
leave his interests In the hands of trust
ed lieutenants. He is a great admirer of
Richard Croker, whom he considers the
greatest organizer of the day and a man
whose word is his law. When inter
viewed yesterday Mr. Miner had this to
say : . • •'
--"The municipal government under the
able leadership of Mayor Robert Van
Wyck is successful from every point of
view, notwithstanding that failure was
predicted for it. Improvements of great
magnitude are now being contemplated,
and under the guidance of Van Wyck,
who is a liberal and progressive man, the
improvements will be carried out. Five
new bridges will be built across East
River from New Tork to Brooklyn, to
Queens and to Williamsburg in the east
ern district. This is becoming a neces
sity by reason of the immense traffic be
tween the points named. A system of
underground railways will be running
from the Battery to Harlem to relieve
travel on the elevated roads. We have
now an underground electric street rail
way system throughout New Tork City,
and one can ride. eleven miles in any
direction for a single fare of 5 cents. We
intend to make New York the grandest
city in the world.
hen I was in Congress I was greatly
interested in the international copyright
law, introduced by Amos Cummings. Al
though we experienced almost insur
mountable obstacles we finally succeeded
in having the bill passed, and it has
proved a great boon to struggling au
thors and theatrical managers. It has
prevented the taking down of plays in
shorthand and selling the pirated copies.
The offense* is a misdemeanor and the
perpetrator is severely punished."
Anakesis cure* Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis. New Tork. *
Golden Links Entertainment.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the order of the Golden Links was
called for the purpose of making final
arrangements for the entertainment to
come off April 3. The meeting will be
held at tha Occidental Hotel parlors this
evening. ■ -■ - ...
ADVERTISEMENTS^^^ _^^~
WSILKS !
SPRING, 1899.
An elegant and complete
stock of NOVELTY SILKS at
Remarkably Low Prices.
BEST QUALITY PRINTED FOULARD SILKS, 24 inches wide,
In all the new colorings, including New Blue, Browns,
Gris, Marine, Napoleon and Violet.
Price, $1.00 Per Yard:
A most complete line of FANCY STRIPED TAFFETA SILKS,
in all the very latest Spring colorings and styles, an
extra heavy quality — all pure silk.
Price, $1.00 Per Yard:
We have also opened up a splendid assortment of BLACK
SILKS in all the new weaves, including POPLINS, TAF-
FETAS, FAILLES, GROS GRAINS, DUCHESSE, RHA-
DAMES, BENGALINES, SURAHS, PEAU DE SOIE,
TRICOTINE, MERYEILLEUX and CRYSTAL BENGALINES,
the production of the best foreign and domestic man-
ufacturers.
•^^H_l__s^^^^^r%
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG
BDWEN
& CO
CEYLON TEA
has a refinment of flavor and deli-
cacy of aroma hard to find in others
BEE brand is thejbest Ceylon tea
SPECIAL -SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter square isc*
This price is made possible by the
bountiful rain
Olive Oil— Sierra Madre qt 7%C
regularly 85c and 50c *j.^C
There's a delicacy of flavor In Sierra
Madre you'll go a long way to find in
others
Malt Whiskey— WmPenn J$C
regularly $1 bottle
An old and well tried remedy for colds
Coffee— Crescent blend 20C
reg'ly 25c
Roast or ground 5 lbs tyOC
Cocktails— lmperial 9OC
reg'ly $1.25 bottle— six kinds
Aged in glass
Brook Trout 20c
reg'ly 25c 2 lb tin
Cooked ready to eat
Good for luncheons and picnics
Hamamelis *pt p* -tf
Heals hurts -JC 2£C 40C
Extract of witch hazel
Sold by drug stores one hundred per
cent higher
Baking Excelsior lb 30C
reg'ly 40c and $1 50 5 lb tin $1 2£
.- We make it and know it is pure
We sell more of it than of all other-
regularly 60c lb r^oC
Mandarin Nectar a blend
English Breakfast(Ningchow Congou)
Foochow Oolong
Toi let paper— Belvedere $ I IO
regularly $1 50 dozen packages
First' rate quality
. Toilet soap— violet's 6oc
regularly 75c carton of 3 cakes
Assorted odors
Maple sugar i£C
regularly 20c cake
Genuine of course
Prunes— 3 lbs 2£C
Big tart fruit
brushes 20c 2>,c
reg'ly 25 and 35c— made in France
Bristles put in to stay
Papr i .ka— Hungarian
ioc ijc 2^c 40c 7£C
Fresh lot just arrived
A sweet red pepper— fine flavor
Mail orders filled with care
Send postal for big illustrated catalogue
432 Pine .15 Sutter 3800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland .
LA/. T. HESS,
JCOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOENET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bldgr.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 CaltforcUa St., below Powell.
£__ Francisco. ._.-—--- «• r. : ;-___^ '
RADKE & CO., I
118 Sutter Street, |
Showing EASTER GIFTS. I
Easter Prayer-Book Marks 75c up I
Solid Silver Birthday Spoons, with r|
birthstone on handles.. each I
HAIL ORDERS A SPECIAL FEATURE. |
AUCTION
':". *> : - OF— —
Investment, Residence and UnimproTC-l
Property
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MONDAY, MARCH 27th, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON. ,
TRUSTEE SALE.
Market Street Business Property
Two Frontages.
2677 ana 2679 Market street, S.E. line N.E of Castr*
street, running through a? 17th street, two stores and two
flats 5 rooms, bath each. 2711.4x113 Irregular ; street-
accepted.
Choice Business Corner.
• S.E. cor. Haight and Scott streets, three stores of four
rooms each, also 6 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath
each on Haight street, 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms,
bath each, on Scott street ; rents $253 per month ; 68:9 x
110 ; both streets accepted. . : ;_
Corner near Park Partly Improved.
S.E. cor. Masonic Aye. and Waller street, corner lot
35x105, 2 modern flats of 5 and 9 rooms, bath adjoining,
27x105 as a whole or separately.
Howard St. Flats— A. W. Bode Estate.
1759 Howard street, E. line, N. of 14th street, 3 flats of
4, 5 and 6 rooms, bath eacb, cottage of 3 rooms in rear ;
rents $50 per month ; stone sidewalk, street accepted,
27x110. -: -
Western Addition Residence.
559 Fell street, B. line, E. of Buchanan street, resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath, unfinished basement, brick
foundation, etc., stable for 2 horses, rent *40; mortgage
of »4000 at 6% per cent, can remain. 41:3x120- to rear St.
aianufacturlnff District.
110 Main street, S.W. line, S.E. of Mission street, new
brick building, suitable for light manufacturing ; 22:6 x
91.10. •-- ■. : - : .r -:-J--^-!
Mission Home.
4032 25th street, N.line.W. of Sanchez street, residence
of 6 rooms, bath, brick foundation, cement walk, 25x11*
Administratrix Sale— Mission Cottage.
2517 Harrison street, E. line, S. of 21st street, cottage
of 5 rooms and bath, unfinished basement, cement walk,
_Sx-00* subject to confirmation by Court.
Large Building Lot.
Greenwich street, N. line. 146:10}. feet E. of Polk
street, marine view and convenient to car lines; 1-4
37:4!_x137:6; easy terms. "'_,'•'' "■*■'
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneer*,
14 Montgomery Street.
AUCTION.
Tft.n/iV MONDAY, March 20, at
* U _J/_ ¥ 9 10:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m.
THIS "WILL, BE POSITIVELY THE LAST
. v /: ; , WEEK.
High q -G e rade llUUlli
TURKISH— PERSIAN— IRAN.
AT 123 GEARY STREET.
Choicest pieces yet left, and will be closed
out without reserve to the higest bidder.
Positively last week. The balance will be
shipped away. • 
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Art Auctioneer.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year