VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 91.
THE FILIPINOS
NOT YET TIRED
`OF THE FIGHT
Dictator Aguinaldo Is Hardly
Ready to Lay Down His
Arms.
Spain Tries a Little Blackmail on
the Ta^allos With No Very
Satisfactory Result.
MANILA, Feb. 28.— 1t is re
ported here that Spain authorized
. General Rios to offer the Philip
pine republic $500,000 for the
release of the Spanish prisoners.
The offer was indignantly de
clined, and the insurgents ask
S7 .000,000.
General Rios threatened to ex
• pose the leaders of the Philippine
republic as a lawless set of ban
dits, whose idea of government is
Street Scenes at Malabon, Showing the Church Destroyed by the Monadnock's Shells.
From photographs taken for The Call by Chief Engineer Chalker of the McCulloch.
the destruction of life and prop
erty, if they refused to accept his
conditions for the release of the
prisoners, Senor Flores and
: Senor Torres conveyed Rios'
message to Aguinaldo's govern
ment.
Reports that the
rebels are offering to
treat for peace are
untrue.
About twenty English sub
jects, including some women and
children, are within the rebels'
lines north of Manila. Nothing
has been heard of them since
February 5. 4
There has been the usual desultory
firing along various parts of the line,
but the only casualties to-day are Cap
tain David S. Elliott of Company G,
Twentieth Kansas Volunteers, and a
private of the same regiment. They
are both seriously wounded. They were
shot by the enemy's sharpshooters
near Caloocan.
A battalion of the Twenty-third
United States Infantry relieved the bat
talion of the California Volunteers at
San Pedro Macate to-day. The latter
• will be ordered to embark tin the trans
port St. Paul to-morrow for the Island
of Nf-Kros.
A letter from Cebu, dated February
22, say? the T'nited States gunboat Pe
trel arrived there on the 21st. Captain
Bormer of the British gunboat Pigmy,
•and the British Vice Consul, boarded
the Petrel immediately and then re
turned to the shore to confer with the
Insurgents. Eight leaders of the native
' (or* > B boi rded the Petrel in the after
noon and conferred with Commander
Cromwell. They were afraid the Amer
icans would treat them as the Spanish
formerly did— confiscate their property
■:• and then shoot them. Therefore they
: ; desired to retain their arms.
Commander Cromwell assured them
that the present native Government
would rule under his supervision. He
• gave them until S o'clock on the fol
lowing morning to surrender.
There was great fear among the for
. eignera that the hill men would come in
1 .sack the town during the night, so
landing parties were kept in readiness
on the Petrel. Punctually at 8 o'clock
the insurgent leaders arrived with a
formal written surrender which stated
' that they yielded to superior force and
must await the action of Aguinakio,
.adding that they protested against the
. ..manner in which the Americans waged
; war at this latter end of the enlightened
nineteenth century.
A mmoany of men was landed at 9:30
The San Francisco Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
+ SAGASTA IS IN X
♦ FEAR OF A CRISIS ♦
♦ +
♦ >
♦ MADRID. Feb. 28.— A Minis- ♦
♦•• terial crisis is imminent. The ■♦■
♦■ Cabinet is convinced of the im- ■♦•
■♦• possibility of avoiding defeat in ■♦■
+ the final vote on the bill for the ♦
•♦■ cession of the Philippines, as the +
-f- opposition may increase while ■♦■
■♦■ the Government cannot hope to ♦
+ gain a single additional sup- : ♦
+ porter. +
♦ ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
o'clock and hoisted the flag over the
fort at four minutes of 10, firing the
national salute. The natives turned over
the government during the day. Lieu
tenant Plunkett was made Captain of
the Port and Parker Collector of Cus
toms. The other departments of the
island administration will be conducted
by natives.
Word was sent to Iloilo when the let
ter was written that fears were enter
tained that a mob would sack and burn
the town and landing parties were be
ing held in readiness. This explains
the hasty departure of the battalion of
the Twenty-third Infantry, which
sailed for Cebu on Sunday.
The rebels at Malabon fired upon the
JAPAN SELLING
RIFLES TO THE
TAGALLO REBELS
Charge Openly Made at Madrid
That Munitions of War Have
Been Landed on Luzon.
MADRID, Feb. 28. — The Reforma asserts that it has
received letters from reliable sources at Manila saying thirty
cannon, 30,000 rifles and several million cartridges from
Japan have been landed at Sual, on the Gulf of Lingayen,
on the west coast of the island of Luzon, and about 100 miles
from Manila, and have been taken thence to Malolos, the
seat of the rebel government.
The Reforma adds: "Japan evidently intends to act
toward the Americans in the Philippines as the Americans
acted toward the Spanish in Cuba."
The Senate by a vote of 126 to 116 to-day rejected the
amendments to the bill ceding the Philippine Islands to the
United States.
cruiser Callao from the jungle yester
day while Admiral Dewey was visiting
the Monadnock. Three shells were
dropped by the monitor in the Malabon
church, demolishing the structure and
killing a number of rebels who were
inside.
A factory at Malolos is reported to be
running day and night to supply am
munition for the insurgents. The Ik
norance of the natives is shown by the
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
HELD UNDER
AN ENGINE
The Perilous Position From
Which Fireman Deva
ney Was Rescued.
SAVED JUST IN TIME.
Wreck of Southern Pacific South
bound Passenger Train at
Cow Creek.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROSEBURG, Or., Feb. 28.— The
south-bound passenger train on the
Southern Pacific was wrecked early
this morning near Nichols Station in
Cow Creek Canyon. The high water
brought down a huge drift which car
ried away the track.
The train reached the break at 5:30
and the engine plunged d<wn into the
gap left by the washout. As the en
gine rolled over Engineer Waite
climbed out of the cab window and
escaped uninjured txcept for a strained
back and a few bruises.
Fireman M. Devaney was pinned be
tween the firebox and a drift of logs
and held by the right foot. Everything
possible was done to rescue him, but
slow progress was made until the fire
was extinguished by letting the water
run into the firebox. Wet blankets
were hung up to protect the fireman
from the steam as much as possible.
At the same time water poured over
htm from the flume which passed un- J
der the track. As the day wore on ho
was in great danger from the rapidly
rising water and it was apparent that
if not released he would drown. His
head was kept out of water by men
standing in the stream holding him up.
At one time the only chance to save j
him from death seemed to be to cut off ■
his leg. Fortunately, however, the
wrecking train arrived in time to pre- :
vent this. The brave fellow was in this !
perilous position six hours and bore his
suffering heroically.
Upon examination his Injuries are
less serious than at first supposed. His i
left leg is scalded above the knee and ;
his right ankle and foot are sprained |
and scalded.
fact that they have collected empty
Springfield shells and are refilling
them. Over 2000 of these cartridges
have been discovered in houses In Pen
dacan by an officer of the Washington
volunteers.
The commissioners appointed by
President McKinley to study the con-
Continued on Fifth Page,
THE KAISER
DESIRES TO
BE FRIENDLY
He Asks American Protec
tion for Germans at
Manila.
Will Withdraw His Ships From
There and From Samoa, Rely
ing Upon Uncle Sam.
NEW YORK, Feb.. 28.— The Herald's
correspondent sends the following:
Substantial evidence of Germany's de
sire to maintain and improve the
friendly relations subsisting between
the Washington and Berlin Govern
ments has been furnished to the State
Department. At the request of Ger
many, the United States has consented
to protect German subjects and inter
ests in the Philippines and in Samoa,
and relying upon the promise of this
Government the German warships have
been withdrawn from those points.
In compliance with Germany's re
quest, cable instructions have been sent
to Rear Admiral Dewey and General
Otis informing them that hereafter
•German subjects and German interests
in the Philippines must be provided
with protection by American ships and
American troops.
It is apparent to the authorities that
the Berlin Government, in making
these requests, was actuated by a sin
cere desire to impress upon the Gov
ernment and people of the United
States the fact of Germany's friend
liness for this nation, and to prevent
in future all talk of prospective Ger
man interference in American affairs,
or any intention to take action which
might be distasteful to the United
States.
There is no doubt that Germany was
greatly surprised at the interpretation
placed in some quarters here on the
dispatch from Admiral Dewey stating
that for "political reasons" he desired
that the battleship Oregon should be
sent to Manila at once, and there
seems to be little doubt that it was
this interpretation, and the comments
which followed, that caused her to take
heroic measures and place her inter
ests and her subjects under the pro
tection of the United States.
With Germany's attitude so plainly
defined the authorities are now assured
that there is absolutely no danger of
foreign interference in the Philippines.
Following the request that the United
States take care of German subjects
and interests in the Philippines, the
State Department was informed that
the German armored cruiser Kaiserin
Augusta had been ordered to leave Ma
nila immediately for Tientsin, where a
display of force will probably be made
to compel the Chinese Government to
punish murderers and pay indemnity
for the murder of two Germans near
that point. With the departure of the
Kaiserin Augusta, Germany will be
without naval representation in the
Philippines, the Irene already having
gone to the Chinese coast.
As soon as the State Department
learned uf the wishes of the Berlin
Government Secretary Long and Secre
tary Alger were advised and the cabled
instructions to Rear Admiral Dewey
and General Otis followed, as already
stated.
With respect to Samoa the officials
admit that Germany has made a
shrewd move, which will prevent the
United States taking any decisive ac
tion without fully consulting Berlin,
By placing German interests there in
the hands of the Americans this Gov
ernment is made responsible and can
take no action detrimental to them. It
is intended to cable Rear Admiral
Kautz, when the department is advised
of the arrival of the Philadelphia at
Samoa, instructing him to comply with
the request of the Berlin Government.
It is now said by the autrtorities that
the Samoan question will be settled
without difficulty.
GERMANY WEARY OF
STRIFE OVER SAMOA
BERLIN, Feb. 28.— Baron yon Bulow,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, In the
Reichstag to-day discussed the ques
tion of Samoa, saying that by the gen
eral act of 1889 the triple rule of Ger
many, Great Britain and the United
States was established over these is
lands. If the condominium was wont to
lead to unpleasantness this would be
still more the case with tridominium.
Since the act came into force, he con
tinued, there had been no lack of fric
tion between the representatives of the
different powers, which was due to the
disorderly character of the population.
As early as 1891 a deep-rooted 'erment
showed itself in Samoa and in 183:; civil
war broke out between the followers of
Mataafa and Malietoa, and in conse
quence of the intervention of the Ger
man and British naval forces Maraafa
was deported.
A fresh insurrection which broke out
in 1894 was ended after the German and
British ships had intervened. In tiv.
overthrow of Tamasese last year the
three consuls proposed that Mataafa bo
brought back and Malietoa ooncurred.
The powers assented. At this juncture
Malietoa died, but the three consuls
declared that his death was no impedi
ment to the recall of Mataafa, who re
turned on board a German warship to
Samoa for installment as successor to
Malietoa. There arose an opposition
party who proclaimed Tanu, who was
still a minor, a candidate for the
throne. Both parties appealed to the
decision of the Chief Justice, who pro
nounced in favor of Tanu. Open fight
ing ensued, resulting in Mataafa's vic
tory. The three consuls, the Foreign
Minister then asserted, recognized the
fait accompli and a provisional govern
ment was formed from Mataafa's fol
lowers.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs then
said:
'The final settlement of the succes
sion rests with the powers. I refrain
from delivering a decisive judgment on
the whole course of events in Samoa
until the written reports arrive and
are closely examined. But I hold
strongly to the hope that we shall suc
ceed in disposing of these latest
troubles in Samoa with due protection
for German rights and interests and in
a manner which corresponds with the
friendly relations existing between the
three governments concerned.
"That things in Samoa require read
justment is a principle acknowledged
on all sides. It cannot be denied that
the tridominum has not stood the or
deal. We are prepared on our part to
consent to a clean separation if the two
other powers consent, but as long as
this agreement does not exist we shall
hold to the act of 1889 and we shall :iot
allow the rights which that act gave
us to be curtailed or our interests to
suffer diminution. But we shall also
respect the rights accruing to others
by virtue of the Samoa act."
Baron yon Buelow also made a state
ment relative to affairs in China. He said
that in view of the anti-foreign irrita
tion, particularly the fact that several
Germans were grossly insulted and
afterward assaulted at Tientsin last
Sunday, he had instructed the German
Minister at Peking to make it perfectly
clear that if such acts were not severe
ly punished, or if there was recurrence
of such acts, grave consequences would
ensue for the Chinese Government. He
added :
"We do not intend to interfere in the
internal affairs of China, but duty com
pels us to protect the lives and prop
erty of Germans."
Referring to the construction of the
railroad and other improvements in the
province of Shantung, the Minister of
Foreign Affairs said an agreement was
about to be concluded between the Ger
man empire and a syndicate of German
East Asiatic capitalists for the forma
tion of a joint stock company with a
capital of 50,000,000 marks, with head
quarters at Bintau, the empire partici
pating in the profits.
With reference to the statements
published in foreign newspapers re
garding the supposed action of the
German warship Irene in the Philip
pines and the alleged conduct of Rear
Admiral Dewey, who, it has been said,
threatened to sink the steam pinnace
of the Irene, the Minister of Foreign
Affairs said these statements belong to
the category of "plump canards," pre
viously described by him. So far as he
knew the Irene was not in the Philip
pines, but was at Hongkong, and the
only German warship at Manila was
the Kaiserin Augusta. There were, he
added', a considerable number of Ger
man merchants in the Philippines,
whom the German navy was anxious to
protect during the Hispano-American
war.
■We hope," the Minister said, "that
our countrymen will find security under
American rule."
Killed by an Electric Shock.
FORT BRAGG. Feb. 28.— George Urqu
hart. native of Aberdeen, Scotland, was
killed here this morning by an electric
shot from an incandescent light wire not
properly insulated. He had been for yoar9
head blacksmith for the Union Lumber
Company. He was turning off the light
in the shop when killed. Urquhart was
a member of many fraternal societies.
BURNS' MOUTHPIECE
MAKES DIRE THREATS
IN THE CONFERENCE
Legislators to Be Whipped Into a
Caucus Whether Willing or
Unwilling,
ANOTHER BAD DAY FOR THE MEXICAN
Second Oral Cassation of the Week Given to
the Gandelaria Candidate by Indignant
Lawmakers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— Dan Burns re
ceived another oral castigation
this afternoon at the hands of the
Republican legislators assembled
in conference to discuss the Senatorial
situation. It is the second bad day the
Candelaria candidate has had this
week and the week is but two days old.
Incidental to the lambasting given
Mr. Herrin's candidate for United
States Senator was the spectacle of
Senator Shortridge of Santa Clara de
nouncing his fellow members as politi
cal cowards, and threatening them with
G. K. FITCH LAUDS
THE CALL'S EFFORTS
TO DEFEAT BURNS
The Earnest and Sincere Advocate of
Pure Government Voices the Sen
timent of All Good Citizens
of California.
GEORGE K. FITCH, for nearly half a century in the
foremost rank of earnest citizens who have been striv
ing to secure pure government for California, and
who, while editor of the Bulletin 1 , mercilessly flayed corrupt
politicians, indorses the efforts now being made by this
paper to prevent the election of Dan Burns to the United
States Senate. Mr. Fitch says:
"I agree with The Call in this fight against Burns and
other corrupt men who may seek to represent California in
the Senate. Burns is absolutely the worst man who could
be selected ior that honorable position. By electing him
the Legislature will place an ineffaceable blot on the his
tory of our commonwealth. It is not necessary for me to
give the reasons for my opinion. They have all been told in
the columns of The Call.
"I would rather see any one than Burns sent to Wash
ington."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
his undying wrath if they did not con
sent to go into secret caucus and take
such medicine as the caucus mixed for
them.
Shortrldge is not a diplomat. His
threats and his imprecations were the
threats and the imprecations of Burns,
but they should have been concealed
behind honeyed words and soft phrases.
Realizing this, his fellow followers of
the Mexican hastened to assure the
outraged legislators that Shortridge
diil not speak by the book and that
their utterances alone should be con
i sidered as a reflection of the peace,2
harmony and brotherly love that per
vades the atmosphere of the Burns cor
ral.
But it -was too late. All who heard
knew that Shortridge echoed the senti
ments of his master, and that in his
Santa Claran simplicity he had failed
to conceal what a wiser politician
would have known would prove inju
rious to his own cause. The meaning
of it all was as plain as the handwrit
ing on the wall. It amounted to an
open declaration of the fact that Burns
and the railroad intend to club mem
bers into a caucus and to hold over
their heads the threat of political
death that has already been promul
gated through the editorial columns of
the railroad's organ, the Sacramento
Record-Union.
The Burns supporters who attended
the conference — and they were present
to a man— were brought to a realiza
tion of the fact that Burns is not popu
lar with the legislators nor with the
people whom the legislators represent.
There is no mistaking the feeling that
prompts a declaration that it would be
better for the State and for the Re
publican party to have no Senator at
all than to have Burns for Senator.
Such a sentiment was uttered in the
conference to-day, and there was every
evidence to support the belief that it
met with general approval.
After the conference had been called
to order by Chairman Flint, he de
clared the business in order was the
hearing of suggestions or arguments
from members. There was a painful
silence for several moments, it being
apparent that no one cared to open- the
ball. Then Assemblyman Brown of
San Mateo came to the rescue by mov
ing that the conference adjourn sine
die. As this did not seem to meet with
general approval the motion was with
drawn. ■;;:■:' |
Assemblyman Grovel Johnson of Sac
ramento then addressed the conference
in carefully modulated tones, after the
manner of a kind father who, more in
sorrow than In anger, would reason
with an erring son. He declared that
what was needed is harmony and that
all should meet and talk together with
that object in view.
"It seems to me," he said, "that the
best and only way to arrive at a speedy '
and just conclusion of this difficulty ip
to go into caucus and select a caucus
nominee. 1 am willing to vote for any
one that may be selected by a caucus.
It has been suggested that we go into
caucus where sixty votes shall be re
quired to govern the action of the cau
cus. I am .willing to do that, or I am I
willing to go into a caucus where two
thirds of the members present shall
govern the acts of the whole body. 1
am willing to do anything of this kind,
but I think the best plan would be to
have a caucus where say forty-three
votes would govern."
It was very nicely and very softly
put, but there was no mistaking what
was meant. Senator Cutter of Yuba
was one of those who understood for
he replied to Johnson and bitterly de
nounced the caucus scheme as a plan
to elect Burns against the wishes of the
people and in a manner that will not
be expressive of the will of the ma
jority.
"It would be better," he declared,
"that California should be represented
in the upper house of Congress by but
one Senator than to send there a man
who is opposed by the people of the
State."
It was at this point that Senator
Shortridge demanded the attention of
the meeting. He hammered the top of
his desk and declared the men who
were opposed to Burns were cowards
and were afraid to vote for the rail
road candidate because of a fear of the
"libelous press."
"We will have a caucus," he shouted,
"and we will elect a Senator."
"What do you mean by saying that
you will have a caucus and elect a
Senator?" interrupted Assemblyman
Melick,
"I mean what I say."
"Do you mean that you are going to
nominate and elect a Senator your-
self?"
■ I mean what I say," again replied
Shortridge, and Mr. Melick gave it up
without having plumbed the well of the
eloquent Senator's meaning.
Shortridge closed his most remark
able address with the remarkable
statement that it was Burns who
elected Henry T. Gage Governor. There
are some" thousands of Republicans
throughout the State who have up to
the present time been congratulating
themselves with the thought that they
had some part in Gage's election. It
remained for the Senator from Santa
Clara to disabuse their minds and
throw the blame where it belongs.
Senator Davis of Amador had a word
to say to Shortridge that would have
made that gentleman feel uncomfort
a'lle if it were possible to ruffle the
Shortridge complacency.
""You have exposed your hand." said
Davis, "and we now know what you
are here for. It appears that you in
tend to use this conference to further
your scheme for a secret caucus and
elect to the United States Senate a
man who is obnoxious to the people of
the State. I repeat that you have
shown your hand. You call us cow
ards because we dare to vote as our
consciences dictate and as all honest
men should vote. We vote as we
do because we want to save the Re
publican party the disgrace of sending
to the United States Senate a man who
is not wanted by the people of the
State. The gentlemen on the other
Bide "
"I object to yotir including all of us
when you are referring to what Senator
Shortridge has said," interrupted John-
Fnn. "We do not indorse what Senator
Shortridge has said, and when I say
co I believe that I speak for a majority
of those who are voting for Colonel
Burns."
"Very well," replied Davis, not dis
turbed in the least by the interruption
that was intended to cover up the bad
break that had been made by the mem
her from the prune district. "All the
other candidates have expressed a will
ingness to withdraw if by doing so
the present situation would be re
lieved."
"So has Colonel Burns," declared
Johnson.
"If so I have never heard of it, and I
gret it now for the first time without au
thority, la there any gentleman here
who is voting for Burns who will get
up here on this floor and say that he
has authority to say that Burns has
ever offered or now offers to withdraw
if all other candidates will do the
same?"
As no one offered to reply it was
made evident that Mr. Johnson was
drawing upon his imagination when he
made the statement. This conclusion
was mado a certainty later in the day
:-when Burns assured several newspaper
men who interviewed him on the sub-
Bthat he had never offered to with
y from the contest and that he did
intend to do so. Furthermore, he
never authorized Johnson or any
else to make such a statement as
was made in the conference by John
son.
. Assemblyman Belshaw of Contra
Costa renewed the proposition he made
yesterday to have all of the present
candidates withdraw from the contest.
. He made a motion to the effect that ali
'members withdraw their support from
present candidates and then go into
caucus and nominate some new man.
Dibble and others of the Burns contin
gent opposed the proposition and aftpr
some desultory firing back and forth
the motion was dropped.
A motion was then made to adjourn
until 4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
Cutter offered an amendment making
the adjournment sine die. A roll call
■was demanded and in order to expedite
matters Chairman Flint put the origi
nal motion first. The motion was
adopted by a vote of 41 ayes to 31 noes,
and the meeting was declared ad
journed until to-morrow.
■ Six Bulla men, six Grant men and six
Barnes men voted for adjournment.
When eeen later in th« day they all de
clared that there was no special sig
nificance in their vote. They wanted,
they said, to give Senator Shortridge a
ehaYice to make one more speech, be
lieving that if he cfid so Burns would
be killed off M> effectively that he would
never be heard of again.
DOUBLE-HEADED
SLOT MACHINE
"CINCH" BILL
Hungry Legislators Say the
Ghost Most Walk Soon or
Trouble Will Follow.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2R.— There has been an un
dercurrent of excitement in the Assembly
to-day over threatened action in connec
tion with a measure that is antagonistic
to the syndicate which controls nickel-in
the slot machines in this State.
A bill prohibiting absolutely the very
I existence of these machines in California
j has been introduced, and a powerful lob
by has assembled here to defeat the bill.
j Some of tho legislators, tired of being
i "good fellows" for the benefit of their
j friends, threatened to make the bill an
affair of urgency, and immediately there
was a stir In the lobby. A telegram was
sent to San Francisco for reinforcements,
and two more "attorneys" have arrived.
These it was feared were not enough, and
the general agent of the syndicate was
i commanded to come at once.
Some of the legislators, whose condition
is rather mysteriously described as hun
! gry. Insist that the ghost must walk soon
;or there will be trouble. The "attorneys"
; are doing their utmost to soothe the ex
! citement of the honorable lawmakers, but
| there is excellent reason to believe that
only one balm will cure the distemper.
! • The history of the proposed legislation
i against the slot machines constitutes an
' Interesting* chapter of the present session.
| Men well known in the State are Involved
In the matter. Officers who are employed
by the Federal Government for certain
duties are devoting the time that belongs
|to the Government in the lobby. They are
• seen day after day in consultation with
I legislators, and the nature of their con
' ferencei is not for a moment misunder
stood.
One of these men is Jake Steppacher,
the chief deputy collector of Internal rev
enue in the office of Collector John Lynch.
Steppacher is drawing a large salary from
the I'nited States Government to perform
i certain duties in San Francisco. By the
1 courtesy of Lynch, -*lr. Steppacher is here
! earning .another salary to prevent the
' adoption of the bill antagonistic to the
'• slot machine syndicate. He has been here
i practically for the entire session, ostensl
i Dly acting as one of the touts of Dan
• Burns. This, however, has been a blind,
!as Steppacher's political influence does
i not extend beyond the horizon of his own
self-interest. He is here ostensibly to
Bwejl the motley gang that surrounds
! Burns, and primarily to feather his own
nest. ._,.. T ,
The running mate in the lobby is Jake
Shaen, who is in the service of the United
States Appraisers, and also draws a fed
eral salary for which he gives nothing in
return. Shaen is an honorary member of
the Burns brigade of boosters, but he is
ievoting very little time to the campaign
jf the Mexican in order that he may give
much to an effort to defeat the cinch
bill against the sjot machine syndicate, on
what some of the legislators *ay pathetic
ally is chin music.
The reinforcements that arrived to-day
consisted of ex-Superior Judge Walter H.
Levy and Jack Chretien. Both are nrmly
convinced that the very foundation^ stone
of the State would be shattered if the bill
prohibiting slot machines ever became a
law. Phil Crimmins is also in the field,
and completes the quintet that is working
to defeat the bill. In order that there may
be no misunderstanding and that no lib
erties be taken, it should not be forgotten
that these nve interesting persons are
TThe r bm S prohibiting slot machines is in
that class familiarly known as "cinch
legislation. This sort of legislation has
been known to relieve worthy legislators
from the disagreeable necessity 01 walk
ing home. The anti-slot machine bill was
introduced by Huber in the Assembly I
and Braunhart in the Senate. Both gen
tlemen undoubtedly introduced the meas
ure under the inspiration of a worthy
purpose. The developments that are of
Interest came after. The bill is most
drpstic in its provisions. It prohibits the
manufacture, sale, purchase, control or
operation of slot machines in the State.
Under the provisions of the bill no person
may permit another to use a slot machine,
and any one using such a machine shall
be guilty of an unlawful act. Any officer
of the peace who shall neglect to enforce
the provisions of the proposed law shall
be dismissed.
The penalty for others shall be a fine of
not less than $50 nor more than $500, or im
prisonment for a term of six months or
both fine and imprisonment. This pro
posed law almost gave the members of the
slot machine syndicate an attack of heart
failure. Certain legislators looked upon
the measure with a degree of satisfaction
that could not be disguised. Many thou
sands of dollars in investment and untold
thousands in profit are represented in
threatened legislation. It is no exaggera
tion to say that hundreds of slot ma
chines, operated In cigar stands and sa
loons in San Francisco, take in from $50
to $100 every day they are operated.
It is little wonder therefore that cer
tain legislators sought from a double mo
tive to force the bill forward to some is
sue. The lobby has stubbornly fought
any advance, but the fight has been made
on a basis of "good fellowship." The
matter has now reached a crisis. The
lobby must act or there will be fun. One
of the interesting features of the affair
is the fact that Steppacher and Shaen
are subservient satellites of Mose Gunst,
who is deeply interested as a gambler In
the slot machines. Shaen and Steppacher
are therefore involved in the clever game
of working both ends against the mid
dle.
Where the matter will end remains to
be seen. That the bill is a worthy one
is generally conceded. That it is being
advanced toward adoption for pur
poses that will not recommend themselves
for honesty is also conceded. Legislators
who vote for the measure know they ar*.
encouraging "cinch" legislation. Thou*
that vote against it know that they are
defeating a measure of unquestioned
merit. In either case honest men are on
the horns of a dilemma.
Until f> few days ago the lobby sneered
at the threats of the Assembly to take
the measure up. Members of the lobby
declared that they could do their work
in the Senate. The upper house is a
more select body a,ny way, and pains*
taking members of the lobby do not havo
to make arguments to so many people.
It saves time and other things. But when
the Assembly seemed in earnest the tun&
of the lobby changed. It is said that th*
music has not yet got the right ring and
that is why the State representatives
have been sent for In haste. There is
bursting in the breasts of some of th*>
legislators a renewed hope that Provi
dence and cinch bills may mean some
thing yet. Meanwhile Jack Steppacher.
Jack Shaen. Judge Levy, Jack Chretien
and Phil Crimmins are looking uncom»
fortably wise.
H. Wolf, the agent of the slot machines,
to whom the urgent telegram was sent
this afternoon, arrived on the last train
to-night. He and Judge Levy at once held
a conference on the situation. Jake Step
pachor was also called into consultation,
and the trio formulated their plans to cir
cumvent the hungry ones to-day.
AGAINST BOODLE
AND CORRUPTION
Pomona Grange of San Joaqnin
County Wants a Clean
Senator.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— The Pomona Grange
of San Joaquin County has pronounced
holdiv against the Senatorial campaign of
boodle and corruption. The grange haß
sent a letter, of which the following is a
copy, to each of the San Joaquin repre
sentatives in the Legislature:
LODI, Cal., February 24. 1899.
The Pomona Grange of this county
passed the following resolutions yester
day, and I was directed to send you a
cojpy, to wit:
whereas, Because of the corrupt meth- |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, lgi*9.
ods pursued by certain aspirants for the
I'nited States Senate now before tne
State Legislature of the State of Califor
nia; and whereas, the safety of the com
monwealth depends upon thp election of a
United States Senator whose character
stands above reproach, be it
Resolved. That we, the members of San
Joaquin County Pomona Grange, now in
session, do commend' the action of our
representatives in ihelr efforts to elect
a United States Senator that will repre
sent the interest of the commonwealth
rather than the interest of corporations,
and we hereby pledge our hearty support
and co-operation to those representatives
and Senators who are striving in the
interest of th« commonwealth of the State
as against boodle and corruption. Re
spectfully yours,
J. D. HUFFMAN, Secretary.
DIBBLE'S BLUFF
QUICKLY CALLED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— Assemblyman Dibble of
San Francisco rose to a question of priv
ilege In the Assembly this morning. He
did so for the purpose of denying that he
had broken faith with those who are fight
ing in the interests of the city of Placer
ville against the bills which Dibble intro
duced with the intent of ruining that pros
perous mining town financially.
The Call of this morning stated emphat
ically that Mr. Dibble had not only broken
faith with his colleagues but in doing so
had resorted to the meanest and smallest
political trickery. The Call article
brought, to back its statement, the
charges made against Dibble by Assem
blyman Valentine of Los Angeles, who,
with Raw of El Dorado and Caminetti of
Amador, has taken up the cudgel in a
hard light for the little town in the Sierra
foothills.
Mr. Dibble's speech to-day was his usual
scathing denial. It was nothing mure.
He brought nothing to back it. buc relied
solely on his time-worn, loud-mouthed
bluff, and for once his bluff was most em
phatically called.
"I deny," said Mr. Dibble, "that I have
broken faith with Mr. Valentine in this
matter, and he will bear me out in what
I say. He called upon me shortly after
the committee bad decided that this was
a good bill to pass, and Mr. Raw called
upon me, and I promised them I would
recommit the bill. When it came up on
second reading file Saturday 1 thought it
could be as well recommitted from the
third reading file as from the second, and
1 allowed it to pass with the rest. I did
not think it would be just to the oppo
nents of the bill or its friends not to ad
vance it. I appeal to Mr. Valentine. He
will say that I did not break faith with
him."
Mr. Dibble"? appeal to Valentine bore
fruit, but it was not of a variety that
tickled Dibble's palate. Instead of bear
ing out Mr. Dibble's rather prolix expla
nation, he gave it the contradiction di
rect, although couched in the nice verbi-
THE MEXICAN—" ROUND UP ANOTHER, BOYS ; THERE'S NO TIME TO LOSE NOW.
age and accent that characterize the
speech of the southron always.
"I am willing," said he, "to accept
Judge Dibble's explanation that he did
as he did under a misapprehension, al
though I cannot agree with him upon
what he says of the agreement betweei
"He promised me when I found that
the bill had been recommended to the
committee to pass that he would recom
mit it. Then it appeared on the special
file and I went to him and had him put
it back to its proper place on the second
reading file, and he told me it would be
sent back to committee.
"When I was away on Saturday, as he
save, under the impression that 1 wanted
the bill passed to third reading, he put it
through that course. He has now again
consented to recommit it."
The explanation of Mr. Valentine was
evidently not just what the gentleman
from San Francisco anticipated. He
munched viciously at his mustache and
refrained from further statement. val
entine nmiled and sat down with the air
of a man who had had an easy time get
tins even. That Mr. Valentine and his
confreres played the right hand was dem
onstrated to-night when Dibble s little
ioker turned up before the Judiciary Com
mittee and a whole half hour was given
to Judge Williams to explain fully the
bunko game that is being attempted on
his community. He recited the facts as
The Call has recited them, and in cold,
dispassionate English laid bare the whole
unlovely scheme to which Dibble is Stand*
me sponsor. _, ,
To-morrow night Drury Melone. at
whose behest Dibble introduced the bill,
will be given the same length of time
in which to explain that his proposition
is perfectly proper and just.
HAWAIIAN CABLE GETS
NOTICE IN THE SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— Senator Wolfe submit
ted to the Senate to-day a resolution re
lating to the Hawaiian cable/ which was
adopted without dissent. The resolution Is
as follows:
Whereas There are now pending In Congress
measures for the laying of a submarine cable
from some point in the State of California
across the Pacific Ocean: and. whereas the
construction of the same will be of great bene
fit to the United States and to this State: and.
whereas if the cable is made by an American
company in the United States tt will favorably
advertise our manufactures abroad and give
employment to a great number of our citizens;
now, therefore, be it
Resolved. By the Senate and the Assembly
jointly that our Senators In Congress be in
structed and our Representatives therein be
requested and urged to vote for and use all
honorable means to secure the passage of a
bill requiring the laying of such cable and also
requiring that the cable be made by an Amer
ican company In the United States; and be it
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
forwarded by telegraph to Hon. George C. Per
kins and that he be requested to deliver a copy
of the same to each member of the California
delegation in Congress.
The matter of the expenses of the inves
tigating committee which looked over the
affairs of the ferry depot was made a spe
THE SAME MONTONY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, Feb. 28.— There were
no new votes recorded for General
Barnes to-day, when the regular
ballot came along, although there
had been a persistent rumor afloat
!n the Assembly chamber all morn
ing to the effect that a small slide
in his direction would occur.
There was no change of any sort.
The one ballot lacked none of its
usual monotony, and the vote re
sulted as follows:
BARNES 12
ESTEE 1
BULLA 10
BURNS 25
GRANT 25
BARD 3
SCOTT •••• 2
DE VRIES 2
RQSENFELD 2
WHITE 27
PHELAN 3
clal order for to-morrow. The original
amount, $14,668 45. was reduced by cut
ting the fees of E. S. Van Court, stenog
rapher, from $2139 65 to $2079 65.
The bill relating to the societies for tho
prevention of cruelty to animals wan
taken up again to-day, and Senator Bul
la's amendment, providing that fines levied
on offenders against the humane laws ho
paid to the society first formed in the
county, where there arc more societies
than one, was adopted. The whole dis
cussion of the bill grew out of the strained
relations between the rival societies in
San Francisco and the effort to have the
fines divided between them.
The proceedings were enlivened some
what by Senator Doty, who read a tele
gram from N. P. Cole of the San Fran
cisco society, in which he said he had
heard that Senator Wolfe had made the
statement on the floor of the Senate that
the society was in favor of allowing fines
to go into the school fund. Cole tele
graphed that this was untrue and that
if the statement had ever been made
it had come from a man who had been
expelled from the society. Senator Wolfo
made no such statement before the Sen
ate and he so stated on a question of
privilege. As a matter of fact he had not
Epoken to the question at all. Senator
Doty declared he had ne personal fc-fl
ing in the matter and he had read the
telegram only because the discussion had
taken the trend it had. He declared ho
though Senator Wolfe one of the most
reliable men on the floor and with that
compliment everybody was satisfied.
Johnson's Assembly bill 651, authorizing
the Governor to appoint agents to collect
from the United States money advanced
by the State of California during the re
bellion failed of passage even under a
call of the Senate. Senator Burnett ex-
pressed the general sentiment when he
said the State had an Attorney General
and District Attorneys and Senators and
Representatives in Congress and "h*;
thought they were capable of collecting
all the money due. The bill was lost by a
vote of lfi ayes and 17 noes.
Assembly joint resolution 14. requesting
the Government to inquire into the al
leged servitude in Siberia of Frank Bass
ford and his companion, seal hunters, was
passed without dissent.
On motion of Senator Dickinson the con
sideration of constitutional amendments
was made a special order for Monday
morning.
SAN FRANCISCO NORMAL
SCHOOL BILL CONSIDERED
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2S.— Senator Braunhart's
bill for the establishment of a Nor
mal School in San Francisco came up for
consideration before the Senate this
evening, but there was no action beyond
the adoption of a substitute.
In the original bill it is provided that
an. appropriation of $150,000 be allowed for
the building and maintenance of a Normal
School in San Francisco to take the place
of the one which was abolished by the
Board of Education a few weeks ago. In
the original bill a building was provided
for and also a site, two facts which ex
plained the size of the appropriation, but
in the substitute this amount is cut down
to $45,000, and the building is left out of
consideration.
The introduction of the bill was in con
sequence of the demand of the members
of the present classes in the school, but
as it was seen that, in all probability. th->
larger appropriation would not go
through, it was decided to appropriate
urily so much aB would be necessary to
keep the present school going and so pro
vide for the pupils now in attendance
there.
RAILROAD INTEREST
IN CAR FENDERS
GETS PROTECTION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 28.— Assemblyman Dibble of
San Francisco led the fight for good old
Uncle Collis against Senator Braunhart's
fender bill when it came up this after
noon in the Assembly. He was seconded
by Grovel Johnson. i
The debate was not so much on the bill
as on the amendment offered yesterday by
Dibble. The amendment provided that
if the governing body of any city or city
and county shall Belect some one fender
as suitable its adoption by the railroad
companies shall be considered compliance
with the law.
O'Brien, Hanley and Warden of the San
Francisco delegation took issue with Dib
ble and fought from the first his at
tempt on behalf of tb# corporations to
throw the whole fender proposition into
the hands of the Board of Supervisors.
O'Brien said that San Francisco's new
Board of Supervisors had demonstrated
by fixing the water rates at Spring val
ley figures that they could be no more
trusted than the last lot, and that as a
San Franciscan he did not -want to dele
gate so much power to the county gov
ernment for that reason.
Johnson replied in a humorous speech
of some length. He denied that San
Francis-cos Supervisors had ever been
proved crooked. He also denied that tne
blood of 150 innocent victims of Mr. \ tn
ing's juggernaut was crying aloud for
vengeance, and like Mr. Vining and Mr.
Dibble before him. said such sentiment
was nonsense; that the scores of the
victims who have been ground to death
under San Francisco's fenderless cars
met death voluntarily.
Dibble practically repeated his speech
of yesterday, and moved that the bill be
referred to 'a committee of one to amend
along the lines he laid down ' >'<«tcrda£
The motion was carried, and Dibble who
was appointed as the committee, forth-
Crowder of San Diego offered
an amendment confining the bill in its
operation to cities of the first class, and
it was ordered back to the printer.
JOHNSON'S LATEST
EXHIBITION OF GALL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— 8y an impertinence to
the Senate, Assemblyman Johnson of Sac
ramento this morning attempted to add
another of his Job chafers to the already
overfat list that is feeding at the crib.
This latest position which Johnson seeks
to create is about as useless a specimen
a«! has yet been stuffed on the roll. It was
so raw." in fact, that Johnson did not even
desire that the salary it contemplated be
paid out of the Assembly's funds. On the
contrary, We wanted it charged to the
contingent fund of the Senate, notwith
standing that he has not been invited to
dabble in the Senate's sack, no matter
what liberties he has taken with the As
sembly's.
As to the utility of the position he
wanted to create, his resolution is ex
planatory. It follows :
Resolved, That each State officer shall re
ceive two copies each of all bills, concurrent
resolutions and constitutional amendments in
troduced in the Senate, except the State Libra
rian who shall receive five copies of each; and
that' Joseph Gratz be and he hereby is ap
pointed to deliver the same, and keep the file
for each State officer, at a per diem of $3. pay
able out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
■ His resolution was referred to the Com
mittee on Attaches.
EXPOSITION BILL TO
BE DISCUSSED TO-DAY
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— The several bills and
resolutions relating to the big exposition
to be held in San Francisco in 1901 will be
considered by the various committees to
morrow, and it will not be long before
they all pass both houses of the Legisla
ture.
It has been reported around the Capitol
that the whole committee of arrange
ments will be up to-morrow on a special
train to be present at the consideration
of the exposition measures and to give
such advice and explanation as may be
found necessary. More than one of the
Senators received notices of invitation to
be at the wharf at 8 o'clock to-morrow
morning to take the ferry for Oakland,
where the special train will be waiting,
but as they were already on the ground
the notices only served to heraJd the ap
proach of the committee.
The committee of arrangements of the
big exposition is composed of nearly two
hundred of the most prominent men in
the city, and they with tlie friends and
supporters who will come with them will
make up a goodly train load.
There are sevaral bills all affecting the
exposition now pending before the houses
of the Legislature, and it is expected tnat
after the committee has had its say they
will go through without question or de
lay.
Negotiable Instrument Law Passed.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 2S.— Senator Stratton'3 bill
relating to the law of negotiable instru
ments was passed by the Senate this
evening, after some opposition from two
or three of the Senators. The bill as
passed is a bulky document. It is the
result of a careful scrutiny of the laws
relating to commercial writings in several
of the States, and the effect of the adop
tion of the law is to codify all the regula
tions regarding notes, checks, bills of ex
change and similar paper. The opposition
to the bill came mostly from those Sena
tors who had not read the measure and
who on that account did not feel free to
vote for such an important and far-reach
ing innovation. It was explained that as
a matter of fact the bill did little mor»
than classify the law as it already extst3
and make such amendments as were
found desirable and which had been found
to be practical in other States It was
carried with not more than one or two
dissenting votes.
Narrow Escape for Dalton.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACR-Y
--MENTO, Feb. 25.-The Alameda delega
tion had a rather warm session of it this
morning when it came together to dis
cuss further the internal workings of
their county government. Assessor
Henry Dalton and the perquisites of his
office were the chief topics and main ob
jects of attack. Senators Stratton and
Taylor introduced a resolution cutting off
Dalton's fees, amounting to about $6000
per annum, for collecting poll taxes and
other levies. The resolution was adopted
before the delegation knew just what it
was doing, and later to-day a roar went
up because of it. Stratton and Taylor
finally conseilted to withdraw the resolu
tion, and a peace was finally patched up.
DAN BURNS NOW
FACE TO FACE
WITH DEFEAT
No Show Left for the Candidate of
the Southern Pacific.
TIDE OF INDIGNATION TOO STRONG
Utmost Limit of His Strength Has Been Reached, and
It Is Conclusively Proved That Only by Secret
Ballot Can He Possibly Win.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SAC
RAMENTO, Feb. 28.— Dan Burns
is beaten. Though barren of
other results, the events of the past
two days have demonstrated beyond
a doubt, if any existed, that the
Southern Pacific Company's candi
date for United States Senator will
never be elected, and the State will
be saved from the misfortune that
would have followed such election.
Yesterday the Republican members
of the Legislature held a Senatorial
conference and vied with each other in
denouncing Burns' candidacy as a
menace to the Republican party and
prejudicial to the interests of the people
of the State. To-day they held another
conference and repeated the action of
yesterday. There was no mistaking the
sentiment of the conference. Two or
three of the leaders of the Burns forces
tried to stem the tide of indignant pro
test that was poured out on the head
of the Cadelaria candidate and his at
tempted manipulation of the machinery
of the party to gain his selfish ends, but
their efforts proved worse than futile.
Even Burns' closest friends and polit
ical managers admit that he cannot
win, unless he can succeed in inducing
the Republican legislators to go into
caucus where the secret ballot would
protect those who have a desire to be
tray their constituents by voting for
him. The conference of yesterday dem
onstrated to a certainty that a great
majority of the Republican legislators
are bitterly opposed to a secret caucus
or a caucus of any kind, for the stated
reason that they will not permit Burns
to force himself into the United States
Senate by means of any dark-lantern
method, or with the aid of political
trickery. The fight must be fought to
a finish in the open, where the people of
the State will be able to see all that
transpires and thus place themselves
in a position to mark the traitors and
punish them as they deserve.
By judicious doses of bluff and blup
ter Burns has kept the legislators n
doubt as to his strength for weeks. Now
his pitiful weakness is exposed and he
is seen to be as dead, politically, as the
proverbial doornail. His race has been
run and the Republican members of the
Legislature will now engage in the nec
essary task of selecting from among
the remaining candidates a United
States Senator who will be acceptable
to the people of the State.
In the conference to-day Grove L.
Johnson made the ctatement that the
candidate for whom he was voting
would withdraw if other candidates in
the field would agree likewise to retire
from the race.
Senator Davis of Amador, who knows
as well as others know that Johnson's
candidate is Dan Burns, sought at once
to ascertain if Johnson had authority
to make the statement. If Johnson
speaks with the sanction of Burns the
way may be cleared for the election of
a United States Senato The Call un
derstands that U. S. Grant, W. H. L.
Barnes, R. N. Bulla and Irving M.
Scott have signified a willingness to be
eliminated from the contest for the
sake of of securing the election of a
Republican United States Senator, pro
vided Burns would agree to step aside.
At the conference to-day the position
of Burns in this respect should be
made clear. Johnson, Dibble or some
other legislator in the confidence of
Burns should go there clothed with au
thority to express views of the Can
delaria candidate. Senator Shortridge
of Santa Clara, a devoted supporter
and admirer of Burns, might be en
gaged to again express the true in
wardness of the machine campaign.
Three weeks ago Burns might have
exercised a powerful influence in nam
ing the next United States Senator
from California, but his power has been
wasted since that time in a vain ef
fort to gratify a selfish ambition to
have himself elected to the Senate.
Hervey Lindley is still acting manager
of the Burns campaign, but the events
of the last few days afford him no hope
of success as a manager of the "Colo
nel's" fight.
Thomas R. Bard has written a letter
to each of his three supporters in the
Legislature in which he announces that
he is not a candidate for United States
Senator and avows that he does not
seek to control the action of the mem
bers of the Legislature who voluntarily
accorded him their support: Mr. Bard
holds that he never was a candidate in
the strict sense of the term, but was
simply voted for by his friends in the
Legislature.
Assemblyman Greenwell, who had
been voting for U. S. Grant until the
Ventura County Committee instructed
him to cast his vote for Mr. Bard, will
to-morrow rejoin the Grant column.
Speaking on this topic to-night Mr.
Greenwell said that he had not ex
pressed a preference for any candidate.
"I shall probably vote for Mr. Grant
to-morrow," said Assemblyman Green
well.
It is known that Dr. Rowell enter
tains a high regard for the abilities and
party service of General Barnes and it
is regarded as almost certain that the
Fresno Senator will join the Barnes
column. At one time Dr. Rowell had
made up his mind to cast his vote for
Senator Bulla. but when his resolution
was formed the Ventura influence to
brace up the supporters of Mr. Bard
began to be felt and so the change to
Bulla was not made.
In the message by telephone which
J. T. Richards of Santa Barbara re
ceived Monday evening from Thomas
R. Bard the latter did not signify a de
sire that the members of the Legisla
ture who were supporting him should
vote on his retirement for U. S. Grant.
Mr. Bard did not say to Mr. Richards
that he desired Senators Flint and
j Rowell and Assemblyman Greenwell to
I vote for any particular candidate. He
simply announced his withdrawal.
The supporters of Grant will hold a
caucus at 12:30 p. m. to-morrow. Be
i fore the hour of 4 o'clock the supporters
j of Barnes and Buila may confer. Since
j Shortridge has disclosed Burns' hand
i and declared for a secret caucus it is
| probable that the members of the Leg
j islature who are opposed to the elec
} tion of Burns will not participate fur
; ther in the conference proceedings.
I They do not care to be called cowards
! and sneaks for resisting a dark-lantern
' caucus.
General Barnes is constantly receiv
; ing encouraging telegrams and letters
i from leading citizens of the State. ThA
j messages urge him to stand firm and
; assure him that the sentiment of the
': people is in his favor. The following
i telegram was received to-day:
OAKLAND, CaL, Feb. 2S, 1899.
\V. H. L. Barnes, Sacramento: One
j hundred of the best citizens and business
men Sunday signed indorsing you for
Senator. A thousand more would if they
i had a chance. No compromise. Stay
! with it. GEORGE BABCOCK.
To-day Judge A. P. Catlin of Sacra-
I mento sent to the general's headquar
j ters a basket of beautiful flowers.
Wilton Green arrived here yesterday,
I but did not tarry for any great length
\of time at Grant's headquarters. He
I sought the seclusion and comforts
; which the house of his brother affords.
The Grant forces are displaying a bold
front, and declaring that Burns' last
chance of success has gone glimmering.
! Assemblyman Greenwell did not to-day
I change his vote back from Bard to
i Grant as was expected. Mr. Bard, in
i his letter to his friends, did not suggest
that they should vote for Grant, but
: left them free to go wherever they
: pleased. ______________
AN IMPORTANT BILL
FOR MUNICIPALITIES
CALL HEAD.QVARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 28.^-Tie Senate Commiftea
on Municipal Corporations met this even
ing and reported favorably upon bil!,s7i.
It is of great importance in that it defi
nitely fixes the classification of munici
pal governments.
Following- is a brief digest of the bill:
The government of cities relating to mu
nicipal corporations has been amended
so that the phrase has been employed
generally throughout the title, instead of
the word "cities," "city and county." or
"towns." There can be no confusion as
between- cities and counties from the use
of this term, the Supreme Court havina
held that counties are not municipal cor
porations within the meaning of section
6, article XI. of the constitution (People
vs. Sacramento 45 CaL, 692; People vs.
McFadden, SI Cal., 489), and that the city
and county of San Francisco is a munici
pal corporation within the meaning of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Durability is
'Better Than Show/ 1
The wealth of the multi-
millionaires is not equal to
good health. Riches without
health are a curse, and yet the
rich, the middle classes and
the poor alike have, in Hood's
.Sarsaparilla, a valuable as-
sistant in getting and main-
taining perfect health. It
never disappoints.
Scrofula— "Three years ago i our • eon, "'
now eleven, had a serious case of scrofula
and erysipelas with, dreadful, sores, dis-
charging and itching : constantly. He could
not walk. Several physicians did not help
for sixteen months. Three months' treat-
ment with Hood's Sarsaparilla made him
perfectly well. We are glad to tell others
of 'it." " MRS. DAVID LAIRD, Ottawa, ■■
Kansas. , : . : i.
Nausea— "Vomiting spells, dizziness and
prostration troubled me for years. Ha<?
neuralgia, grew weak and could not sleep..
My age was against'- me, but Hood's Sar-
saparilla cured me thoroughly. My weight
increased from' l2s to 143 pounds. I 'am
the mother of nine children. • Never felt
so well and strong since I. was married as
I do now." MRS. M. A. WATERS, 1529
33d St., Washington, D. C.
Eczema— "We had to tie the hands of
our two-year-old son. on account of ecze-
ma on face and limbs. No medicine even '
helped until we used Hood's Sarsaparilla,'
which soon cured.".' MRS. A. VAN
WYCK, 123 Montgomery Street, Paterson,
N. J.
■ _ _ —^ ! '-— . j, ; j^^^
Hood's Pills cure liver ills; the non-lrritat-
Ing and only cathartic ,to take ■ with Hood's
SarsapariUa. • ' • -.'•■; ; -
"dkmcnultyT
ri>HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist curet Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o; Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'r»' experience.-
Patients en red iv Home. Terms reasonable. Hours.9
to3 dally : B.3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Similars. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
P. KOBCOE McXI'LTY, M.D.
20^ Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND . WASHINGTON STS — RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD ft
CO. European plan. Rooms, oOe to $1 50 day :
; Jo to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. . Free baths; hot
i and cold water every room; fire grate* in every
room; elevator runs all night.BURNS' CHIEF HENCHMAN
INDORSES HIS CONDEMNATION
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, Feb. 28.— 0n the floor of the Assera- J
bly this afternoon Grove L. Johnson, one of the chief supporters of Dan Burns' Sena-
torial campaign, made the following statement: I
41 1 believe John P. Dunn to be one of the most honest and truthful men who ever held
public office in the State of California." i
During^he time John P. Dunn occupied the office of State Controller he made an ex- •
animation of the accounts of the Secretary of State during the time Dan Burns was the in- •
cumbent of that office. •
The substance of the result of that investigation is contained in the opening paragraph
of the report made by him to E. C. Marshall, then Attorney General. It is as follows: I
"Tlon. E. C. Marshall. Attorney General— Sir: 1 have the honor herewith to transmit
to you the result of an investigation of the office of the Secretary of State during the incum- •
from Jai p The examination shows *
Mr. Burns to be a defaulter "to the State in the sum of $3i73 8 59-" 9
aid section and article. (Denman vs.
•.Jroderick. 11l Cal., 96. > The chapters of
he title have also been rearranged and
. which was rendered neees
«.rv by the Incorporation of the general
•rovislons of the act of March £
I rovide for the organization, incor-
Elan and government of municipal
orporations" <.Stat3.. ISS3, 93), and of
umerous other acts hereinafter referred
That portion of the municipal corpora
act providing forms of charters for
he various classes of cities Is of doubtful
itllity since the adoption of section t>.
• XI. of the constitution allowing
ny city containing a population of more
han 3aM inhabitants to frame a charter
or its own government, and of section b,
.rticle XI. providing that such charters.
n so far as they relate to "municipal
take precedence over general
Iws. It seems useless to encumber the
de with matter so little likely to b.> ol
enefit. aiid the Commissioners have,
herefore. omitted those charters apnlica
!e to L-:t:^~ of the rtrst. second, third and
• < urth <-lass--s (all such cities being i:i
luded in the constitutional privilege or
raming their own charters). The char
era applicable to cities of the nfth and
ixtr ive been retained, as many
itie> nerating under those pro
isions. ...
No attempt has been made to codify
he special legislation relating to tru- city
• San Francisco (except so
ar as the'same is made of general appll
atlon). as it is assumed that the ohar
•er recently adopted by the people or that
Ity w { 'l be ratified by the Legislature.
•■ • nd thus supersede the present confused
r >gislation pertaining to said
nunicipality.
JANKERS SAVE THEIR
TRUST DEED SECURITIES
.ALL HEADQUARTERS, BACRA
■IEXTO. Feb. -*S.— There was one inter
ire to this evening's sossion of
ssembly. It was the only feature of
st throughout the entire day and it
• red itself around Assembly bill 102,
ij Dunlap of San Joaquin.
Mr. Dunlap's bill was one that the
■ *ankers h tt their especial mis
• kill. If passed it would have taken
Tom their choicest security on loans and
riven the borrower the same right 01
Kjuity redemption under a trust deed that
•ie has under the present law under a
. "-simple mortgage.
• The Legislature of 1597 passed a law
: ' intending the time of redemption on
nortgages from six months to one year. but I ,
•'riade no such provision for trust deeds. j
••■ 'Since that time bankers who have been j
- n a position to demand it have required j
.rust deeds rather than mortgages as se
■■.■•uriiy upon loans. Mr. Dunlap's measure
. posed to give the borrower the same
■-' right of redemption under a trust deed.
Among his other corporate Interests
' 2rovei Johnson has carefully looked to (
'• hose of the barks, and this evening he i
' ed the fight that was made against Dun- j
ap's bill, and it was a hot one.
■ • He said that if the bill were passed it j
jvcwild work a great injury upon the bor
.••-owers, and incidentally upon the bank- ■
ers. Nobody really demanded the passage I
■' if such an act. he said, not even the bor- |
rowers. It would do no one good ana
■' would work harm to each party con
' cerned in a transaction in which a trust |
leed as security was contemplated. j
• •• Mead of Los Angeles strongly seconded j
•. Johnson. He said the mortgage tax under ■
the present constitution, which was a ;
product .and a bad one, of Dennis Kearney;
nd his sand lotters. worked a great harm |
' -•n the borrower, in that it raised his rate >
of interest from I to 2 or 3 per cent per .
■ innum. and he said the redemption clause .
was another of its Iniquities.
Johnson's keen interest in the welfare j
" of the borrower was the weak point in j
' his argument. It furnished Dunlap with j
.a small-sized club with which to strike
rack and he did bo. He said that he
could' not understand this sudden con- j
•• • ration on the part of the bankers and
' "-their representatives for the poor bor
•■' rower, and he argued the pros and cons
. "■ of the bill as he has before argued it in
•committee. . He was seconded by CamM
. . netti and Cobb. but when the bill came to
" a 1 vote it failed of passage.
Leper Colony at Molokai.
CAUL HEADQUARTER.-. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 2S.— Senator Dwyer's reso
lution regarding the formation of a leper
colony the island of Molokai was taken
up by the Senate this evening and passed.
As' rtrst submitted the resolution pro
vided for the deportation of California
- but this was objected to and it
was enlarged to include all the lepers in
•a'ted Stat. > a.- vaa the case when
the resolution came up for second reading
there were several speeches against it.
but it scratched through on a vote of 21
ayes to 5 or 6 noes.
STRONG ARRAIGNMENT
OF THE LEGISLATURE
Judge Spencer of Snsanville on
the Political Conditions
at the Capital.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- |
' 3IENTO. Feb. 28.— The course of Judge |
*Clough of Plumas meets with the com- j
mendation of his constituents. The fol
lowing letter from Judge Spencer ex
presses the sentiments of Northern Cal
ifornia people:
"SUSANVILLE. Feb. 17, 1899.
"Hon G. G. Clough— My Dear Judge:
I desire to express my earnest indorse
ment of your legislative action in vot-
X! for- General W. H. L. Barnes for
• the United States Senate. . And also in
' offering that resolution requiring each
candidate for the Senate to deliver an
• oration before the Assembly or cease
to be a candidate for Senatorial honors.
' This resolution was eminently pro
per and should have been adopted and
• arted upon at once, for the good reason
that any man who cannot make a
■sSech suitable to be heard by any
•t^Tshitiv^ body is not -qualified to oc
• cupv a seat in our United States Sen-
ate.
■We have already sent . too . many
• dummies to the Senate for the credit
f^irSta'e and « hen I think how -11
:>ve r yboS in the State knows that
: ;/neral Barnes is a big-brained, broad-.
• a-.'SJe statesman, and an orator of th 3
• T-^y first class, and then look at the
V tmall vote given him by this; Legis.a
--> SI I must say I am not only aston
" i-hed but an. sorely perplexed over tbfc
'• Situation, and I sometimes ask myself
the question: -'ls it .possible .that our
•• American people have ceased to appre
• elate talent, that oratory and states
manlike qualities have been relegated
to a back seat, as fit and durable only
for lite in private life, and that our
: United States Senate chamber, made so
' famous by our Websters. Clays, Cal
houns and Bentons of the past, has
been converted into a banquet hall for |
the rich men of to-day?'
■And when I read of the disgraceful
expenditures of money in this Sena
torial contest I can hardly, suppress the
wish that the humble Nazarene could
return to-day and with his scourge,
sharper and stronger than of old, whip
the wicked money-changers out of our
temples of legislation.
'It is to be deeply regretted that our
' men of eminent fitness for the high of
fice of United States Senator, who are
too proud to beg for political favors and
b .norable to buy them, or to be
bought, should be left to rust in the
obscurities of private life, while oh^ek
and trickery and money should so often
carry the unworthy and incompetent
, ones to the front.
"And when I look over the political
field of to-day it seems to me that we
are rapidly drifting into the whirlpool
of political disaster by reason of the
sheer negligence and thought'.essn
the people in th" selection of those who
are to represent them in important po
litical positions.
"Please do run mark me down as a
political growler, for the«e conditions
are too conspicuous to-day to escape
', the observation of the most casual ob
server. Very respectfully yours.
■E. V. SPENCER."
A FIT MANAGER
FOR MEXICAN DAN
According to the unimpeachable tes
timony of two leading men of Biskiyoa
County the reputation of Hervey Lind
ley. Dan Burns" newest lieutenant, for
truth, veracity and integrity, is very bad.
These men are David Horn, a merchant
at Hornbrook, who is aJso chairman of
the Siskiyou Board of Supervisors, and
Dr. G. W. Dwinelle of Klamathon. who
under oath in the United States Circuit
Court testified that Lindley bore an un
savory reputation in Siskiyou County,
where he had been doing business for
some time.
This testimony was given in connection
with a lawsuit, the Poktgama Sugar Pine
Lumber Company vs. the Klamath River
Lumber and Improvement Company, of
which Lindley was the promoter an. l
manager. During the trial of the case
Lindley was squarely impeached by testi
mony "from his own lips.
In ' April. 1897. Lindley leased the ex
tensive lumber plant of the Klamath
River Company, which was owned by
John R. Cook & Sons. Under the con
tract Lindley was to conduct the busi
ness for the be*t interests of all con
cerned and pay the Cooks one-third of the
profits. During the first year the lessee
manufactured only 1.0w.000 feet of ium
ber. and the original owners of the plant,
believing their property was being de
stroyed by mismanagement or worse,
availed themselves of a fortunate pro- .
vision in the lease and retook the prop- ;
er-y. Lin.ilev brought suit in Siskiyou
County to retain possession, but his case
was thrown out of court. His next move
was to come to San Francisco and secure
an injunction in the Circuit Court, Judge
Morrow restraining the Cooks from re
taking their plant, at the same time tiling
a new suit. The injunction left Lindley
in active possession pending the deter
mination of the suit instituted in the
Circuit Court. The Cooks shut down th.
mills, but not understanding the meaning
of the court's order refuse*" to surrender
the property to Lindley. and. as a result. ;
for contempt. The con
tempt proceedings came up before Judge
.'.• 'a> T November. Lindley was tne
chief witness against the Cooks, and in
self-protection these men impeached him
On the witness-stand Lindley testitied
that John R. Cook had deeded to him the
railroad line and lumber <-hutes con- ;
Red with the lumber plant. Senator
tton, one of Cook's counsel, asked
if he had not reronveyed this prop
to the younger Cooks. In ansyr
to repeated questions Lindley denied that
he had ever executed or delivered such a
paper. Stratton then met Dean Mason.
one Of Lindleys partners, on the stand
and proved that such a d^ed had been de
livered, and to complete the impeachment
th« original document, signed and ac
knowledged by Lindley. was produced.
These fa.ts are taken from the official
re,-.,rd of the United States Circuit
Court.
AFTER THE DEER SLAYERS.
The Stat* Fish and Game Commission
er! are well pleased with the efforts of
one of their deputies in Shasta county.
During the recent snow storms in the
mountains in that district the deer and
other wild game were driven out of their
hiding places into the more open foothills.
From all accounts they appeared by the
thousands and fell easy victims to the
rifles of hunters, who. disregarding the
law slaughtered without mercy or limit.
The county officers paid no attention to the
violations of the laws, and the Commis
sioners. In seeking a man who was not
only a hunter. but who is keenly interested
In the preservation of fame of all kinds,
were referred to \V. S. Conway.
Con way was made a deputy, and has
arrested "thr^e men for killng deer out of
season and for having deer meat in their
possession In the closed season. The of
fenders are well known in Shasta County.
They are J. S. Fields. Cole and Williams.
Yesterday the Commissioners received a
letter from Mr. Conway stating that he
had secured the conviction of Fields in the
Justice Court of Costella. The cases of
the other two offenders comes up for trial
io-atbtrov in Dunsmuir.
THE NAME WAS CUMBERSOME
Some time ago La Soci^te Francaise
d'Epargnes et de Prevoyance Mutuelle.
by Its officers and stockholders, made ap
; piication to the Superior Court of this city
for permission to change Its name to plain
"French Savings Bank." The reason i
given was that the first name was cum- '
bersome, unwieldy and inconvenient in i
the transaction of business, and that its
nu-kning was only understood by persons
having a knowledge of the French lan- j
guage. Victor Marchebout objected to the
change In the form of a demurrer, claim
ing that the Legislature, and not a State
: court, has the nght to change the names
of persons and corporations.
The request of the bank was. however, I
granted and an appeal was taken upon
the ground that the law upon which the !
change was made by the lower court is
unconstitutional. The order of the lower
court has been sustained, the Supreme
Cour' holding that for the Legislature to j
make such a change would be by a special
act and that the power to change a
n.inie. as in this case, has been conferred
upon State courts.
» ♦ «
• The Toda Case Continued.
i The case of the Japanese. Toda, charged I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1. 1899.
by the Society for the Suppression of
Vice with keeping a minor girl in a house
of ill fame, was continued in Justice
Groezinger's court till Thursday after
noon at 2 o'clock. It being reported that
Attorney Donavon. for the defense, was
unable to attend court.
MARKED THE HEADS
THAT ARE TO FALL
ACTION BY SCHOOL BOARD AT A
SPECIAL SESSION.
Committee on Elementary Education's
Resolution Relating to Vice Prin
cipalships Is Adopted.
A special meeting of the Board of Edu
cation was held last night to consider the
matter of vice principalshipa. At the last
meeting resolutions were adopted which
legislated a number of vice principals out
of office, but It was not known just what
heads would drop In the basket.
The Committee on Elementary Educa
tion last night reported the following res
olutions, which were adopted by the
board, thus settling the matter:
Resolved, That in schools having more vice
principals than are called for by the resolution
of the Board of Education, adopted February
23. 1599, the positions ■ ■:' the vice principals
last appointed as such to said schools be and
the same are hereby abolished.
Resolved, That in schools entitled to two vice
principals, under the resolutions of the board
adopted February 23 the said vice principals be
designated as senior and junior vice principals
according to the chronological order of their
appointment.
Another resolution submitted by the
same committee instructed the Superin
tendent to advise the principal of Han
cock Grammar School to conform with
r the provision of rule 35, adopted in 1896.
This principal has opened a receiving
class in her school, which the rule re
ferred to strictly forbids. ~l'.~-lt
The committee also recommended the
: appointment of E. Knowlton to the .vice
principalship of Everett School. Mr
Brandenstein objected. He said he did
nut know any particular reason why Mr.
Knowlton should or should not be given
the position, and desired an explanation.
Mr. Stow was of the same opinion and
also asked for an explanation. It came
from Directors Eels and Head, who said
: the appointment was in accordance with
a resolution already adopted to the effect
that when a vacancy occurred the ap
pointment be given to the oldest man In
the department legislate^ out. This
seemed satisfactory, and Mr. Knowlton
was unanimously elected. ... '-,„
The following resolution, which will
have some bearing on the test case about
to come up, was also adopted:
Whereas On December 30, ISM, there were a
number of teachers without classes', in excess
of the needs of the department: and
■Whereas. The school hind, appropriated for
IS3S-99 was insufficient to justify the appoint
ment or pay the salaries of such teachers; and
Whereas ' The late Board of Education on
th* said last mentioned date, without any Just
cause In the face of a deficit exceeding $2.>0.
--000 elected a large number of probationary and
«ui>stttute teachers; be it
Resolved, That all persons elected as regular
teachers by the late Board of Education upon
the 30th .lay of December. MM, are hereby dis
missed from the department. ' V '
Through an em r of some kind the res
olution introduced at the last meeting by
Mr 'Stow bad the .iouhle effect of abol
ishing ten old Jqbs and making six new
ones He explained matters last night
a:<<l by the insertion of the few words un
intentionally omitted fixed things up.
This error has been the cause of much
unjust criticism of the board.
SIMONSEN PLEADED GUILTY.
Jules Simonsen. alias Stewart, the Tiv- j
oil song bird, porch-climber and all-round j
burglar, cast aside his heroic attitude j
■when about to be placed on trial before !
Judge Dunne and pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary. Simonsen was ar
rested while in the act of looting the resi
dence of A. R. Heyman. C 23 Eddy street,
and locked up in the tanks of the City
Prison. He assumed an attitude of in
jured innocence, and when arraigned
pleaded not guilty. As the ease against
him was positive he finally relented, and
rather than stand trial, with the prospect
of a mTe severe sentence in event of a ;
conviction, which was inevitable, he with
draw hi= former plea and entered one of
guilty. Saturday he will be sentenced and
enter on his term in prison.
Mechanics' Institute Election.
The annual election of trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute was held yesterday
at the Mechanics" library. The balloting
commenced at 11 a. m.. but the bulk of the
votes were not cast until shortly before
the polls closed at 9 o'clock last eveninsr.
There are 3900 members paying dues into
the treasury of the institute, but of this
number only 813 availed themselves of the
opportunity to cast a vote for the candi
dates. This is an increase of 120 over the
number cast at the last election. All of
the members of the board but one were
elected. Walter N. Brunt succeeds F.
Formhals. whoso name was not on the
ballot. Th* following were elected: Wal
ter N. Brunt, Rodney Kendrick. Robert
W. Neal, Ernst A. Denicke. John Mc-
Laren, diaries M. Plum. Horace Wilson.
The board of trustees now stands: Ernst
Denicke. Rodney Kendrick. E. P. Heald,
H. It. Tlckner, J. H. Culver, J. P. Fra.-er,
John McLaren. Charles M. Plum. George
H. Wailis. Walter X. Brunt, P. J. Healy.
Robert W. Xeal. George R. Presson and
Horace Wilson.
Olympics Win.
The Olympic Club and Young lien's
Christian Association indoor baseball
teams met In a league game last night,
with the honors resting upon the former.
After a nine-inning contest the Post
street clubmen defeated the Christians by
a score of 13 to 9.
The three teams of the league — Olym
pic, Y. M. C. A. and the Reliance— had
the same percentage previous to last
night's game, and now the Olympics lead
in the series.
Donates a Thousand Dollars.
At the t«uuest »f George A. Newhall,
president of the Mercantile Library, C. P.
Huntington has donated $1000 toward the
payment, of the debt on the library. It is
earnestly expected by Mr. Newhall and
other prominent members of the associa
tion that this assistance extended to the
library by the railroad magnate will be
Imitated by the wealthy residents of this
city.
To the Late Dr. Jewell.
A memorial service was held yesterday
at the Howard street Methodist Episcopal
Church for the late Rev. Dr. F. F. Jewell.
Presiding Elder W. W. Case led the ser
vice, paying a glowing tribute to the
Christian life of the dead preacher. A
large number of pastors present added
their words to the farewell address to the
fellow-laborer now passed to his grand
reward.
PROGRESS IN
REAL ESTATE
STILL SLOW
Few Large Sales Are
Being Made.
CAUSE OF THE STAGNATION
INVESTORS ARE TIMID ABOUT
RISKING MONEY.
A Complete Review of the Records,
Recent Sales and New Build
ing Contracts — General
Notes of Interest.
The world of realty was characterized '
by little If any progress during the past
week. Sales were few and of extremely
low value. The most important transac
tion was the purchase of the property on
the northerly line of Fourteenth street,
between Jessie and Stevenson streets, by :
the College of Physicians and Surgeons
through the agency of the real estate firm
of Hooker & Lent. The price paid was j
$16,000. A three-story building will be im- j
mediately erected on the site at an esti- j
mated cost of 130,000. The architecture of I
it will conform to the colonial style.
Beyond the negotiation of the sale of i
this property there were few others j
that could be given more than brief men
tion. : i v -■;
The cause of the stagnation in the mar- j
! ket is attributed to hard times and the I
timidity of investors who are afraid to j
risk the chance of any sort of a purchase ,
unless it be a small one.
The building operations in the city dur- j
j ing the past seven days were slightly in ;
: advance of those recorded for the pre- j
! ceding week, but not sufficiently exten- ;
' sive to create encouragement among
i the builders.
The record of mortgages was unusuall> .
poor, there being few pledges taken fo«
an amount exceeding the $10,000 limit.
The releases and reconveyances were also ;
i few in number and small in value.
During the week there were forty-five
I mortgages and trust deeds recorded,
amounting to an aggregate value of $122,
--j 413. For the same period rtfty-three re
; leases and reconveyances passed to record
in the total sum of $271,675. l*j l _. m _\
The principal mortgages and trust deeds
are as follows: By the German Savings
and Loan Society to Samuel J.. Wilhel
. mina. C. F.. John H. and Albertie M.
' Hendy. $25,000 for one year at 7 per cent J
on property in the Flrty Vara block .S. j
situated on the northwest corner of Fran
■ cisco and Kearny streets; by the German
Savings and Loan Society to Caroline and
i Douglas S. Watson, $15,000 for one year at
! 7 per cent on property In Fifty \ ara
block 72, situated on the easterly line ot !
Kearny street. 107 feet south of Califor- j
nia, south 19 by east 74.6. i^™
The principal releases and reconvey
ances were recorded as follows: From
the Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to
Alexander Warner, $8000 on property in
Western Addition block 132. situated on
i the easterly line of Gough street. » feet
' south of O'Farrelt; from the German
Savings and Loan Society to Cornelius j
F. Buckley, $120,000 on property situated
respectively on the northwesterly line of
Market street. 100 feet southwest of City
Hall avenue, the southerly line of tar
rell street. 110 feet west of Larkin the
westerly line of Larkin street oO -feet ,
i south of O-Farrell, and the northwest cor- ,
ncr of Van Ness avenue Myrtle aye
! nue; from the Citizens 1 Bank and Loan
i Association of San Francisco jto Rob
ert D Cunningham. $10,200 on - property
In the 60-vara block 245, situated on the ;
southwest comer of Washington and :
i Reed streets; from the California Title
j Insurance and Trust Company to the ;
! Sharon Real Estate Company, $30,000 on i
• property on the northerly line of ueary ;
i street 176:3 feet west of Grant avenue
Contracts for the erection of new build- '
ings on the following sites have been filed:
Southerly line of Mission street. 237. 2»« ;
feet southwest of Third, southwest » by
southeast 100: alteration? and^additions
to a building: owner. Wil'.'am Ehren
pfort; architect. CM. Roseau; con
-1 tractor R J Pavert: cost, $4197.
On easterly line of Buchanan street.
I 137 feet north of Golden Gate avenue. (
i miV»i- frame building; owner. Alexan- '
dlVLevison^rchltect. A J. Barnett; con
tractor W. Linden: cost $4800. ;
On .southwest corner, of Noe and Fif- ,
teenth streets, south 5a by west 110, all
work except grading and bHck^orK for
two Vstorv frame buildings (6 Hats.;
owner, Thomas W. Fischer, contractor. (
G A°t r e dn S o n f a E\lls CO^d S£ket streets I
.i(2-thv south 76-7^4, by northeast
7A- carpentry cabinet 'anfi all other
l^ rk 'except mason and marble work for
a four -to? y frame building; owner M.
i m^ t^fy"line 2 of Filmore street. 100 feet ■
north of Fel north 50 by west 1O6:3-A11
work for a two-story and basement frame i
v>,?uSine- (four flats); owner, S. Mergen
'tern Architects Salfield & Kohlberg; j
■ contractor I. W. Coburn; cost, $oSOO. ._ ;
■ Cortland and Prospect avenues-All
wor°kfo? a frame building: cost. SaOO- '
Northeast corner of Bush ana i oik ,
Streets-Repairs to a partly burned -build
| Ing: owner. Thomas G. Taylor; superin
tendent J. B. Gonyeau: cost. $3000.
I Northerly line of Union street, 90 feet ;
I west of Devisadero, west 30 by north
1 137 6-All work for a two-story frame
'■ dwelling with attic and basement; owner,
i Doug S. Watson; architect A, Sutton;
contractor. J. G. Cook: cost, $3025.
Somhe?ly line of McAllister street. 108:6
feet west of Laguna. west 29 by south
| loo— A work for one three-story and one i
two-story frame building (flats); owner, i
I Peter Swall; contractor, William Helbing; j
' CO Soutne'r ) iy line of Haight street PO:S feet i
east of Fillmore. east 50 by south 137:6—
-Ml work for a one-story frame building;
--; owner. Charles Hagmaier; contractor, G.
G. Gillespie: cost. $4000. «-__...
I Southerly line of Duncan street 126:6 feet
i east of Sanchez, east 23 by south 114— All
work for a one-story and basement frame
cottage: owner. Robert Strahle; contrac
tor. William Plant: cost, $1820
1 Southerly line of Hayes street. Ib.) feet
i west of Franklin, west 27:6 by south 120—
All work except finish hardware, for al
i terations and additions to a frame build- i
i ing owner, E. L. Christin; contractor, E.
i C. Bletch: cost. $1923. ■
Hyde and Leavenworth streets, between
Jefferson and Beach— All work for a two
i story brick extension to the buildings of
! the gas company; owners. Equitable Gas
-1 ■ light Company; architect. E. A. Tully:
I contractor. F. W. Kern; cost, $3240. i
395 Montgomery street— Luxfer prism
work: owners. Masonic Hall Association:
' architect. H. Barth: contractors. Ameri
• ! can Luxfer Prism Company; cost. $1150.
' Northerly line of Seventeenth street, 181
, feet west of Noe. west 25 by north 130— All
I work for a two-story and basement frame
• dwelling: owner. Dr. Philip Maas; con
i ; tractor. B. Dryer: cost. $2853.
I The firm of G. H. Umbsen & Co. dis
posed of the following property by public
auction last Monday: A two-story brick
building and lot 22:6x31:10 at 112 Main
street, 115 feet southwest of Mission: the
residence and lot 41:3x120 at 559 Fell street;
i a house and - lot 25x75 at 32 Clara street:
, the lot 50x137:6. partly improved, on the
i south side of Oak street. 115 feet west of
Pierce: property in the Mission, and the
I following three pieces of the J. S. Holll
'» day estate: The lot 56:3x72 on the south
i east corner of Haight and Steiner streets,
with three-story building and two houses
adjoining; the lot 25x80 and improvements
at 252 Fourth street, and the store, flat
and cottage with the lot 38:11*ix125 at 1731
' Market street, on the southeast line adja
-1 cent to the junction of Market and Va
. lencia streets. 
Easton. Eldridge & Co. disposed of the
» following catalogue of real estate yester
i. day at noon at the rooms of the firm on
I Market street: The premises; at 541, 543.
» 545 Turk street, and at 938 Geary street;
I flats at 1348 and/1350 Pacific street, an
administrator's sale at 343 Beale street.
flats at 2732 Greenwich street, foreclosure
sales at 51 and 51^ Clara street and at
321 Cumberland street, a residence at 3Sol
Seventeenth street and a lot on Clipper
street, near Church.
The real estate firm of Flinn, Sanderson
& Co. reports the following recent sales:
Residence and lot 27:6x100 on the southeast
corner of Baker and Jackson streets, by
M. J. Feeley to Frank Walterstein: a
cottage and lot 22:11x63:6 on the west line
of Jones street. 45:10 south of Pine, by
Mrs. Mary Powers to Charles B. Elliot,
and a lot 100x120 on the west line of First
avenue, 75 feet south of South California
street, by William Brannon to A. L.
Smith, for $SSOO.
During the last four months Baldwin
& Howell have sold over seventy-five lots
in the Sunset District. The block" bound
ed by O and P streets and Tenth and
Eleventh avenues, in the same district,
has been graded and will be placed on
the market in the near future. The same
flrm reports the following sales: The
northeast corner of Twenty-fifth and
SnotweU streets. 25x&5 feet, at $4300; lot
on the northwest side of Foisom, oO feet
east of Ninth. 25xS0. at $3750: on the west
side of Cole. 50 north of Frederick. 25xlw.
at $1600; lot and improvements on the
east side of Treat avenue. 71 south Ot
Twenty-first street. 23:4xli>>. at $3525- lot
and three flats on the west side of Cen
tral avenue, 100 north of Waller. 25x112:6.
at SS2SO: lot and improvements on the west
side of Powell, 71 north of Broadway. 203
x~:9 at $4200; lot and cottage on the west
line of Utah. 112:6 south of Mariposa, 2ox
100. at $1700; lot and improvements on the
northwest line of Market, between Thir
teenth and Fourteenth, 50x100. $lo.wo. In
the Sunset District: Lot on the west
line of Eighth avenue, 150 north of O
street, 25x100. at $300; lot on the west line
ot Eighth avenue, 275 south of N str f e h
2Ex120 at $325; lot on the north side of M
street, 57:6 east of Eleventh avenue 2ox
100 at $450; lot on the west line of Eighth
avenue. 250 south of N street, 15x120, at
$200; lot on the west line of Tenth avenue
25 north of O street. 50x107:6, at $w>j; lot
on the west line of Tenth avenue. <o
njrth of O street. 25x107:6. at $300: lot on
the east line of Twelfth avenue. 100 north
of I street, 25x120. at $SOO. and lot on the
northeast corner of N street and Tenth
avenue. 120x200. at $2750.
The lot 50x137:6. situated on the north
erly line of Fell street. 181:3 east of
Steiner street, was recently bought b>
David J. Makepeace through the asency
of A. M. Speck & Co. for an estimated
cost of $6500. , ..
The plans and specifications for the
proposed life-saving station at Point Bo
nita are on exhibition at the Appraiser a
Contracts have been let for the erection
of four flats to be built in the near
future on the northerly line of \ allejo
street, immediately east of Hyde
Through the office of McDougall Bros
the architects, contracts have been let
for the erection of a two-story and base
ment brick building 75x140 at Fresno. It
will be erected for the Voorrrfan Company
oZ this city at a cost of $30,000.
Jacob Hyman & Son will remove to-day
from 11 to 19 Montgomery street.
John Loeffler has made a bill of sale to
Edward A. Younger of the buildings at
423 424 426 and 42S Fifth street for Ml
George Urioste has bought from Mrs.
Babcock and Mrs. Morgan an irregularly
shaped piece of property with residence
on the corner of Thirteenth street and
Pu^na Vista avenue, paying therefor $1-.
--001 Hooker & Lent were the brokers.
The vacant lot, »4:4%x127^4. on the
northwest corner of Clay and Laure
streets, and the adjoining lot on Laurel
• 25x137:5, have been sold by Thomas
Mairee & Sons for a price around $.000.
* The B»l« of the Soh-r estate property on
! the southwest corner of OFarrell street
and Carlos avenue to Leon Kauffman for
$48 oiio has been confirmed by the Probate
The lot extends 57^ feet on O Far
! rell street and feet on Carlos place.
I The broker? in the transaction are
[Thomas Magee & Sons.
MAYOR PHELAN WOULD
REDUCE THE GRADE
SUGGESTS IMPROVEMENT OF
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE.
To Cut Down the Thoroughfare From
Taylor to Hyde. Thus Remov
ing a Hill.
Mayor Phelan has suggested to Chair
man Aipeltenger of the Street Committee
*cf the Supervisors an improvement that
would make a marked change in Gold*n
Gate avenue. This is nothing less than
reducing the grade of the avenue at Jones
Aigeltenger. after a hasty
survey of the situation, has arrived at the
conclusion that if a cut be made work
man be commenced at Hyde street. At
Leavenworth there would be a cut of
some ten or twelve feet, and at Jones
«treet of eight feet. This would necessi
tate the lowering of both Jones and Leav
enwnrth streets. Mr. Aigeltenger is of the
f.pfnion that the work would require too
large an expenditure of money to be un
dertaken under the present condition of
th i e f dofie S tnere nC would "be a lot of gndtag
r,f adiacent property necessary to make
the houses easy of access from the street-.
TRANSPORTS SAIL TO-MORROW
Valencia and Portland Will Carry
Officers and Men to Manila.
The transports Valencia and Portland
will in all probability sail to-morrow for
I the Philippines. Second Lieutenant C- H.
> Munton. Twenty-third Infantry, has been
' designated as the commissary and quar
termaster of the Valencia during her voy
'■ age He is to be assisted by nine of the
voting second lieutenants who have just
Arrived here from West Point. In addi
tton to these officers Major Eugene Cof
!fn paymaster, will also sail on theja
-1 fncfa A detachment of eighty enlisted
I men from the Fourth Cavalry. Sixth Ar
tillery Twenty-second Infantry and
1 Twenty-third Infantry will also go ok the
! % First lieutenant George J. Godfrey.
' Twenty-second Infantry, assisted by nine
I of the second lieutenants who have ar
! rived here, will sail on the Portland with
■ a detachment of ninety-five enlisted men
from the Third Artillery Fourteenth In
fantry. Eighteenth Infantry. Twenty
secosd Infantry and Twenty-third In
fantry Both Lieutenants Godfrey and
: Munton have been ordered on their
at Manila to report to Major General
°Captain James M. Shatter and taaMS
: who have been visiting General Shaffer
: at Fort Mason, have left for the former ?
[home at Sycamore. 11l Captain Shatter
Is a brother of General Shatter. He is
1 also Treasurer of DeKalfa Cotmty 111.
Captain William H. McKittnck and
j wife arrived at Fort Mason yesterday
i from Bakewtield.
General Shafter received a <uspaUh
i yesterday Trom a number of prominent
! peoole at Prescett. Ariz., who are desir
i ous" of tendering the general a banquet
and who wired him to know if h^ would
accept General Shafter has the matter
under consideration and may accept the
invitation. _____
WOODWORTH'S GOOD WORK.
First Assistant I'nited State- Attorney
We »d worth yesterday succeeded in say
' ins *7WO to the Government. He dlscov- ;
! ored that a judgment, for that sum agains*
the sailing vessel Jane Gray had not been
collected. John Boyle. H^&ry Mohr and
Louis Feldman went sur#os on the bond i
pending an appeal to the LmteU States
Circuit Court of Appeals. The appeal wag
never perfected, and Mr. \\ oodworth
asked the court yesterday on behaJf of
th«» Government to have the case placed
! .in th« docket. This was done, and then
Mr VVnodworth moved that the case be
dismissed, the appeal not having oeen
perfected. The motion was granted and
the $7(XX) will be collected from the bonds
men.
Tracing the Chloroformers.
It Is now expected that the two men
who chloroformed and robbed John
Strothoff. a saloonkeeper on Third street,
early Sunday morning wiH soon be lo
cated as they are well known. At about
mMiniJtht Saturday the two men were in
another saloon on Third street, where
they made themselves so obnoxious that
the" proprietor drove them out at the
noint of a pistol. The statement that
Strothoff was intoxicated is indignantly
denied by friends who saw him just before
the robbery.
Exposition Committee at Sacramento.
The general committee of the Pacific
Ocean and International Exposition will
go to Sacramento this morning to confer
with members of the Legislature In re
card to the measure now pending to pro
mote the big fair. The committeem-Mi will
leave fay the 8 a. m. boat and will be con
veyed to the capital by a special train.
All Interested in the project are urged to
accompany the committee.
PARCHED FIELDS
GIVEN NEW LIFE
Growing Crops Bene
fited by Rain.
COMES WHEN BADLY NEEDED
SHOWERS IN THE NORTHERN
COUNTIES.
Fruit and Grain Helped by the Pre
cipitation, but Miners Are Hop
ing for a Big bnow
storm.
Special Disratch to The Call.
REDDING, Feb. 2S.— A gentle rain
set in at dark last night and continued
at intervals throughout the night. By
morning the ground wag soaked.
Throughout the day a heavy rain fell,
starting water in the creeks and flood
ing the streets in this city. The rain
came in the nick of time for the farm
ers. If the precipitation continues the
placer mining industry will receive a
great stimulus. Should it turn clear
and cold much fruit now in blossom
would be killed. There was a heavy
downpour at 8 o'clock to-night.
AUBUR^. Feb. 28— There was a
. slight fall of rain this morning and the
'■ weather continued cool and threatening
| all day, with indications for a shower
j to-night. It is encouraging- to farmers
for feed and grain are at a standstill.
What the miners want is snow and rain
! and lots of it. The watersheds were
j completely drained last season.
DUNSMUIR. Feb. 28.— At midnight
; the south wind brought a gentle spring
! rain which increased until at no<>n to
i day one inch had fallen. It has gp'wn
i colder, with an east wind, which pre
■ sages a steady downpour for several
j days. This rain is a great boon to the
farmers, stockmen and miners of Sis
! kiyou County.
COTTONWOOD, Feb. 28.— The sixth
' heavy rain of the season is falling in
Cottonwood Valley, comprising the
north end of Tehama and the south
end of Shasta counties. All grain crops
I are in good condition for this time of
! the year. Orchardists are in good
; spirits, expecting big crops.
N.\PA, Feb. 2S.— Rain began falling
! at 8:30 p. m.. thus ending the distress
'-. ing drought which had affected all mi
i terests.
GI'ERNEVILLE. Feb. 28.— At 1
i o'clock this morning a lively downpour
of rain set in and continued for about
two hours, giving the growing crops a
! thorough wetting and making north
' western Sonoma safe for grain and hay
j for this reason. Everything in the
fruit and nut line is rapidly getting
' into full blossom and the only thing
I now to be dreaded is the danger from
frost that is liable to occur during the
! last week in March. Just after the sun
I crosses the equinoxial line.
CHICO. Feb. 28.— Rain began falling
' here at 7 o'clock this evening, tt will
j be of vast benefit to both grain and
I fruit crops. •
SANTA Rosa. F~b. 2S.— Light show
ers fell here to-day. Indications are
good for a continuance to-night.
Lecture on Flies and Butterflies.
Professor Vernon Kellogg, the entomol
ogist of Stanford University, will deliver
a lecture on "The Post-Embryonic De
velopment of Flies and Butterflies" be
fore the San Francisco Microscopical So
ciety to-night. The subject will be illus
trated with dissections and sliaes, snow
ing th»» metamorphoses of these insects
from th- germinal buds to full develop
ment The lecture will be given at the
society rooms, 432 Montgomery street, and
will begin at 8 o'clock. .
There are more wrecks in the Baltic Sea
than in any other place in the wor'.O. Ti.e
average is" one wreck a day throughout
the year.
YOUR LIVER
Is out of order If you have the symptoms >
enumerated on this chart. Study each
symptom carefully and you will find that
; they are yours. You can be cured with-
j out the aid of Calomel. Blue Mass or
. Quinine. They are minerals and are apt
to poison the blood. Do not continue 10
; suffer when the relief Is held out to you.
Why not add your name to the already
larsro list of people cured by HUDYAN?
: HUDYAN has cured 10.000 others and it
will cure you. HUDYAN .is the great-
-1 est vegetable remedy of the century and
; will relieve all the following symptoms:
HUDYAN can be had of all druggists
I for 50 cents per package. When you have
i used HUDYAN tell your friends what it
has done for you.
POINTS OF WEAKNESS.
/aN 1. BILIOUS
I /"t> Vi HEADACHE— Re-
I(fi.-f>l» lieved by HUD-
Vw ~ 7 2-3. JAUNDICE
110- I OF THE EYES—
K^. HUDYAN will
/ cause the yel-
y V. lowness to dis-
ft -***\ normal healthy j
f >. normal healthy
/ color to return.
, 4. COATED
N> . / TONGUE. FOE-;
■!>* '-* L TID BREATH-
y\ - /\ KITDYAN will
-\ A Q e'ear the tongue
§1 V* an ,l make the
I hrcath pure and
/ sweet.
/ -* 5. TEXDER-
' NEBS AW D PAIN
IN THE SIGMA .H, DUE TO INDIGES-
TION FROM THE PRESENCE OF TOO
MUCH BU-E— HUDYAN will clear the
stomach of the excess of bile, relieve the
: pain and causr the food 10 be perfectly
; digested.
6. ENLARGEMENT OF THE LIVER
AND A KEELING OF HEAVINESS AND
"WEIGHT— HUDYAN will lessen the con-
', gestion and reduce the liver to its normal
: size-.
HUDYAN will cure all the above symp-
'• toms and make you well. Do not delay
\ longer. Remember that Cancer - and
i Abscess of t.ie liver first appear us trivial
! disorders and through neglect become in-
: curable. Go to your druggists at once
! and procure a package of HUDYAN for 50
cents or. ii packages for $2.30. If your
druggist does not keep It. send direct to
the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. San Fran-
cisco or Los Angeles.' California »rt*r
you have used it tell your friends about
i its effect, that they also might i>r c-urcu.
If you are not satisfied with the effects,
i return the empty HUDYAN -box -and. we
\ will return your money. Remember that
; you can consult the HUDYAN DOCTORS
: FREE. Call and see the. doctors. You
i may call and see them or write, as you
desire. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY COMPANY,
No. 816 South Broad
Los Angeles, Cal.
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta,,
fion Francisco. Cat
> - -^ --■■■■ ii'
lA/. X. HESS.
KOTIRY PUBLIC AND ATTOaiTET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, - Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 831.
i Residence. S2l California St., below Powell.
' San Francisco-. , . . 
ADVEBTISEMEUT3.
Rice Rupture Cure.
Wonderfully Brilliant Invention Sold
at a Low Price.
A Home Cure That Is Restoring
t Thousands to Perfect Health,
Many Remarkable In-
stances.
Some time aco Munsey's Magazine contains*
an article on rupture, with a number of Illus-
trations showing the remarkable curative effect
of a system invented by Dr. \V. S. Rice, *'■& N.
t^tfvgu, ps -j_ , fe^iio
MR. LAWRENCE E. METER.
Main street. Adam?. N. Y. Lawrence E. Meyer
of Syracuse. X. V. offers another fortunate
Instance of the marvelous results of Dr. Rice's
method. The Important points are that the rup-
ture, no matter how large, dangerous or old It
may be. is securely and comfortably retained
within the abdomen. At the same time th»
broken muscles are made to grow together and
become as firm and solid a« any other portion
of the abdomen. It Is a home cure, the patient
using the method himself, and the price is so
low that every one can afford it. Mr. Meyer
says of the cure: "I tried the method of Dr.
Rice because it seemed such a vast improve-
ment over anything else I had used, and also
combined curative effects such as no other rup-
ture treatment contains. Of course I hadn't
much faith in the possibility of a cure, but th»
results are remarkable. Whereas I had been
laid up for months before, now the rupture did
not bother me for a minute. It was only a
ohort time when I couldn't feel any trace of
where the rupture had been, and I soon was
able to work all day a? freely as a young man.
I advise every ruptured man or woman to semi
at once and get this method, as it will certain-
ly cure permanently and perfectly." Mr Meyer's
advice is good. Upon application to Dr. Rice,
he will send you free a book that fully ex-
plain? how , he cures . rupture. If you know o?
another person ruptured send and (set a book
for him Such an act of kindness will he re-
membered ail the rest of his life. Write to-day
without fail. Address* Dr. W. S. Rice, 41* X.
Main street. Adam?. X. Y. .The book is mailed
free to all who send name and address.
I do not believe there
\ Mk& :i *%oH&>k is a < : ase °^ f s P e P'
/p^i;^w?ygl sin, indigestion or
gs§3r^^ l! 'sß§|b any stomach trouble
Bat -sP^F that cannot be re-
Tgj jfiUP li eve d at once end
Kf SS&i&tfiij rv rman^mly cured
v Jfuff by my DYSPEPSIA
y^^gJlgllfL At all druggists,
'^rI^BHaWPF to Health anrl medi-
*\ I f* cal advice free. 1505
• Arch street, Phila.
; __.
goo 0000000000 "2
I 9 **- PALACE """a
iS GRAND H °TEkM%
jZ> BAN FRAnC!9CO. Q
j " Connected by a covered passageway. Jj
I 0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *J
O Ail Under On* Management. Q
n HOTS THR PaiCBS: Q
Z. European PUn.^l.OO per day and upward a
D American P1an.»»3.00 per day and upward**
, m Correspondence Solicited. / Q
Ift JO3K 0. K2K?A?RICS, K»aag«r. q
i QjQ O Q O OO Q'O O 00000000
S^r VITALIS
THE NEW
UXDtr. Z\3ClS*ssi. ' %ist§3 CD C lIP II
, ETC?'* l"th n»y. •»• >«'- X rHEHlinii
VITALIS 2OthB =y- «C -& DCIICnV
rR« iPKts THE ABUT t 30th Day. ll£inCUll«
■Dl ITS. It quickly * remoTes Xerroosness, Imp. t-nrj,
{ Nightly Emission. Evil Dreams Wasting Di.<eue* and all •?»<-■»
of self-abuse or excess and icdiscTetion. Restores Lest Vitality,
Pow.-r and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Corikamp-
' tion. Cares when all others fail. Insist on baring TITAI.IS.
no other. Can it- carried in the Test pocket. By mail 91. 0w
per psekaie or sii for |i.OO with a guarantee to Care or
Ketiind the Manor. Circular Pr»« Address
<:AI.l MET CVllt. CO., 554 Desrbora St., CU(-t|«
Sold by Owl Drue Co.. 6. F. and Oakland.
j ~~- ~
fjßl CUekerter** EacUab D!4iaon<l Braod. -
f EfffiYROVAL FILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B *-<i»**V Original sad Only Geaalne. A
y' /T»-*t\ **fc, »:»»r» reliibie. lidks ut £\
& l\ V^*-Ji I>rcjsist tor ChiehtMiert EnituA K«-h\L
£i*s&&BP\™'~'.~iFr.ir.li la Kcd »ad GeU me*.a!Ue\\f3r
"Vv — JJSboxe*. •ealed wlii b!ae ribbon. Take VST
*» *t t.'-inn other. Refute &ang~vi* ruUtirw V
I / ~ nftiznt ami im:r<iit<m<. A I Dr««giL-a, orient 4«.
I C. 2P in T!a:»v« for p«rt:ti...i-«. testissonlais i>4
V •)• JF> '"Kollpf Tar I. milieu," •1 letter, t r retorm
_\7 X' ■ Mall. 10,000 T.-««moo!«lj. Itmm* Pawtr.
>— ■— r'Chl>»»e.-tfrChenLlcclC»-,M»i»M > « Bqaar%
fcji by ail Local HnMliU •"rrT. » ■• A., I'Jr
Oppression, iuuwdiion. Neuralgia, etc., corea
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»rii J. EeP.C : New York. E. FODQSRA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS.
; : i ~~ "
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tcmo
for ■ the eexual • and urinary organs i of botn
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of Un
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
I lnvlgorator and Nervine. Sells on lea owa
Merita;. no long- winded testimonials necessary.
' NABER. ALFS 4 BRUNE. Agents.
j 111 Market «treet, 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
.— — 1 ■ ;
[ DB.PIERCES : '.■
GOLDEN
\ MEDICAL '
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I 81-OOP.tiVER. LUNGS.
yvvvvvv^vvw/vvvv%/vvvvyvvvvv\^
&$9J&&' - INJECTION.
I A PERMANENT CURE 1
Ji of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea i'
I I and Gleet, sruarantei-d in from 3 to 6 s
c days ; no other treatment required. >
'i . ' Sold by all druggists. ?
MVVVVVVVVVVWIVVVWVVVVVVVVVV.
■'■■:'■-' .■ : ■'■'■ "■ .■ ' ■" ■ ■
34
SILLY STAGE OF
THE BEEF INQUIRY
Court SeeKs to Entrap Witnesses
by Compelliog Them to
Eat Stews.
5 WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— The feature of the Court of Inquiry Into ■
jC* General Miles' beef charges to-day was an object lesson in canned |3
§ meats prepared by the court and served to the non-commissioned men g
.g who testified at yesterday's hearing. The court had prepared eight gs
« plates of beef— fresh beef, canned beef that had been to Cuba and canned 5
i* beef fresh from the factory. Four plates were prepared hot in a stew £
;« and four cold as they came from the can, the fresh beef being boiled to • S?
« make it resemble the others. The enlisted men were ordered to sample 0
V each arid say which was the sort they had had in Cuba. 85
£ It was a trying ordeal for the men. most of them declaring that «
% none of the plates looked like anything that they had eaten in Cuba. *°
it Upon repeated assurances that there was campaign beef in two of the ~
££ plates, and after being* urged that they should at least choose to the g
£«! best of their belief, the court succeeded In getting an expression of .2S
« opinion from each of the men. An army surgeon. Dr. Bowden, kept . 8
*-" tally on the guesses of the men and changed the positions of the plates g
25 after each witness had left the room. 88
S The result of this record .was not made public, and will be reserved 3
§ till Dr. Bowden testifies, probably spme time this week. £j
,* The men disagreed to some extent, but when Major Jesse Lee asked g
S each of them if the beef shown them here was prepared the same way &
. as that they had had in Cuba or whether the plates were a fair sample *g
H of what they had used during the campaign, they unanimously agreed jj
O. that it did not look like the same and did not seem to be a fair sample of $
•* the campaign beef in any way. 8?
iS The most interesting witness of the day was Lieutenant Ramsey, ~
<> Ninth Infantry, who had served as a commissary officer at Baiquiri and g
ii Santiago and who characterized the canned roast beef as "an unpalat- S3
0 able and uninviting grade of inferior meat," which he would not will- O
•* gly feed to any man, sick or well. " §
mono*. 0%0.!i o•»o •. o HKaaawagasaa % o?s:ossas2o?s o n o s o »*o?so?«os*0?*ob
BRIBERY CHARGE
WAS NOT PROVED
The CaseAgrainst Hanna
Falls Flat.
SENATE COMMITTEE REPORT
RECOMMENDS THAT NO ACTION
BE TAKEN.
Democratic Members Submit a Minor
ity Report Asking That Fur
ther Investigation
Be Had.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— Senator
Chandler from the Committee on Privi
leges and Elections to-day presented to
the Senate the report of that commit
tee on the charges of bribery in the
election to the Senate of M. A. Hanna.
as made by the Ohio Senate. The re
port states that no direct remonstrance
setting out that Mr. Hanna was elect
ed through bribery or ought to be ex
pelled from the Senate had been re
ceived by the Senate. It also shows
that no one had appeared before the
committee and that no papers have
been received beyond the formal report
of the action of the State Senate.
Notwithstanding these failures the
committee has investigated the
charges. It rinds that "there is no
proof submitted either that (1) Mr.
Hanna was elected Senator through
bribery; or (2) that he had any agents
engaged in carrying on his canvass for
the Senate who were directly or im
pliedly authorized by him to resort to
corrupt methods or to any form of
wrong-doing; or C J >) that he had any
personal knowledge of the facts of this
case. It may be said that there is no
evidence which fairly tends to prove
either of the foregoing three proposi
tions."
In view of these facts the Committee
on Privileges and Elections has reached
th° conclusion that the "United States
Senate is not called upon to take any
action in the premises."
A minority report signed by Senators
Turley, Pettus and Caffery was pre
sented by Senator Turley. This report
takes the position that a further inves
tigation should be made and enters
quite fully into the statement of the
case presented by the Ohio Senate.
The minority then says:
We think the evidence to which we
have already referred, standing as it does
uricontradicted and unexplained, shows
that certain of Mr. Hanna's managers
at Columbus not only knew the purpose
which Boyee had in view in Cincinnati,
hut also that they aided, abetted and ad
vised him in carrying out these purposes,
and that this state of affairs existed while
Mr. Hanna was present at his headquar-'
ters. This view is strengthened by two
facts. First, that many of the witnesses
whose testimony apparently would have
thrown much light upon the subject, un
der inquiry denied the jurisdiction of the
committee and refused to testify under
the advice of counsel, who stated that
they represented the interests of Rath
bone and Dick and Senator Hanna; and
second, that Mr. Hanna and his repre
sentatives had Bubpenas sent them by
mail which seem to have reached them,
calling upon, them to appear before the
State Senate Committee, to which they
made no response.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.-The Post
master General ha? appointed John E.
O'Neill third class letter carrier at San
Francisco, with pay at the rate of $<W a
year, from February 19, in place of Wil
liam Tnwood, deceased.
Senator Wnlte to-day secured an amend
ment to the bill providing for a public
building at Stockton, appropriating $75,000
therefor. He aisn had {Missed a bill for a
public building at T.os Angeles, with <i
limit of cost of $250 .0 W. The Stockton hilt
already having passed the House, now
goes to Thf- conference committee, where
the amendment doubtless will be adopted.
The Oakland hill passffi by the House to
day appropriates 1250,000.
Pears'
What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness !
Pears' soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings
the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
INSURGENT REYES
HAS SURRENDERED
Americao and British Marines
Land at Bluefields to
Preserve Order.
j gg PANAMA, Feb. 28. — My correspondent in Managua wires that ac
# cording to official advices from Bluefields and Grey town General Reyes.
•3 leader of the insurrectionists, voluntarily surrendered yesterday to Cap
£• tain Simonds of the United States gunboat Marietta and Captain Burr
Ip. of the British steamer Intrepid. Eighty marines were landed from the
f| warships to maintain order." Prior to this surrender the steamer San
jjs Jacinto was captured by the Government forces, several prominent
<> conservatives" being made prisoners, including former President Adam
*° Cardenas, one of the leading men in Nicaragua. The rest of the coun
-1c« try is quiet. ■ -1- " ;
# Senor Felix Quinaones., editor of La Patria, Drs. Daniel Gutierres.
*5 Julio Castro and Antonio Aguilar and'Senors Tomas Grejilva and Nar
eS cisco la Cayo Jr. have been imprisoned incommunicado in Nicaragua
Of charged with political offenses. The police are searching for Ascension
i*3 Reyes and Casimiro Gonzales. who recently arrived from Salvador, and
j ~ are noted enemies of the Government.
\ Since he reached Managua, United States Minister Merry cx
i 2 changed social calls with President Zelaya, arid was his guest at a con
! £ cert on Sunday evening.. Mr. Merry will be officially received to
!g* morrow.   ' -
O' WASHINGTON, Feb. President Zelaya of Nicaragua to-day sent
; § the following telegram to Mr. Correa, ; the Charge d' Affaires here, offi
|g§ cially announcing the collapse of the revolution: >-.-;3 ';r:'^
i p' "MANAGUA. Feb. .28.— Correa; Washington: - : All is- ended, at Blue-
Jj fields. Country all tranquil. -;-■;•:■.■ .■ ZELAYA."
■ Hsios o?io«; o\o \ o*. •;••. 0%0 %o%os;o ?*os; CBBCBS oso S3 o*i o?; o?io •••:-•.<;•
STRIKE OF COAL
MINERS BEGINS
Wholesale Walkout in
the Southwest.
HUNDREDS OF MEN JOIN
LONG AND STUBBORN FIGHT
SEEMS CERTAIN.
Workmen in Indian Territory and
Arkansas Demand More Pay
and Recognition of
"Tieir Union.
SpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
♦ PANA, 111;, Feb. 2?.— One hun- ♦
4- dred negro miner? will leave here -f
♦ to-morrow for Hartshorn and ♦
♦ South McAlester, I. T., to take ♦
+ the places of union miners who ♦
♦ are on strike. The Southwestern +
+ operators to-day supplied them ♦
♦ with tickets. 4-
FORT SMITH, Ark., Feb. 28.—He
ports from the coal-mining district of
Indian Territory and Western Arkan
sas indicate that the wholesale walkout
of the mfners has begun and that the
biggest strike of recent years in the
Southwest is on. Both operators and
miners refuse to budge an inch from
the positions they have assumed and
there is absolutely no prospect of a set
tlement in the near future. At the
mines of the Choctaw, Oklahoma and
Gulf Railroad in the Territory the 1500
union miners heretofore employed are
out. The contest promises to be a long
and stubborn one.
The miners are fighting for an ad
vance In wages and recognition of the
United Mine Workers of America.
In the Indian Territory to-day 400
men walked out of the Kansas and
Texas Company's mines at Cherryvaie
and the miners at Krebs will strike to
morrow. At Russellville, Ark.. 300 men
went out. The miners struck at Coal
Hill, Denning, Huntington. Bonanza.
Altus and other points. At Altus 400
men are out. At several other mines
work will stop to-morrow.
The results of the strike are certain
to be serious. On Monday the various
railroad companies whose lines run
through the coal fields of Western Ar
kansas and the Territory began con
fiscating all the coal which came into
sight.
CHILD PLAYS WITH MATCHES.
SAN I-UIS OBISPO, Feb. 28.— What may
prove to have been a fatal accident oc
curred yesterday to the 4-year-old son
of William Haley. The little fellow ob
tained a bunch of matches and, crawling
under th,e house, began to light them.
Soon his clothing tvas blazing. His agon
ized screams brought a sister, who
dragged him from beneath the house. By
this time the child's mother had got to
him and she quickly tore off his clothing,
severely burning her hands. The little
one was badly burned from the neck
down and may not recover.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
OIL OF MUSTARD
ON THE GLOVES
Despicable Trick of a
Pugilist.
TOM WEST ALMOST BLINDED
"JACK" BONNER'S SECONDS USE
A DRUG.
Referee White, Himself Affected by
the Fumes, Stops the Fight and
Gives the New Yorker
the Decision.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28.— The contest
between "Tommy" West of this city
dnd "Jack" Bonner of Summit Hill,
Pa., which took place at the Lenox
Athletic Club to-night, was brought to
a sudden termination at the beginning
of the eighth round. During the inter
mission between the seventh and
eighth rounds Bonner's seconds used a
fluid known as oil of mustard, the
fumes of which are blinding. The oil
was rubbed on Bonner's gloves and
the fumes of It blinded those who were
sitting close by the ringside. As soon
as the men shaped for the eighth
round West got a whiff of the stuff.
and when Bonner landed on "Tommy's"
face the latter shouted:
"He's got some stuff on his gloves
that is blinding me."
By this time Referee Charley White
was similarly affected, and he began
rubbing his eyes, at the same fane
chouting to the men to go to their
corners.
Meanwhile West was jumping fran
tically in his corner with pain, and his
seconds got through the ropes to help
him. Bonner's seconds also clambered
through the ropes and began taking
the gloves off the big fellow.
The police took a hand in the game
at this moment. Captain Brown with
a couple of sergeants and a dozen pat
rolmen got over the ropes. Referee
White called on the police to arrest
Bonner's seconds, bur "Jack's" hand
lers protested, and said Bonner's man
ager, Fred Miller, had handed the hot
tle of oil to them after the seventh
round and said it was a good thing
to use.
When White heard this he made a
dash for the principal second, but the
police prevented him from striking the
fellow.
White then declared West the win
ner. There was a howl from Bonner's
backers, but the bets went with the
referee's decision, and those who laid
money on the big fellow felt that they
had been wronged.
During all this time the spectators
were standing on the chairs and
benches clamoring to know what it was
all about. The master of ceremonies,
as soon as he could make himself
heard, explained the matter fully, and
when he announced thp decision of the
referee there were loud and prolonged
cheers.
Just what prompted the handlers to
use the stuff was not made clear, but it
was evidently done to place West at a
disadvantage, as up to the close of the
preceding round the New Yorker had
more than held his own.
Bonner's seconds were "Johnny" Gor
man, "Billy" Needham, "Charley"
O'Brien and "Jack" Neville. Bonner
was the favorite in the betting, 2 to
1 being freely laid on him.
One man who had a box seat at the
ringside had an altercation with man
ager Tom O'Rourke and some blows
were struck, but the men were separ
ated immediately and the building was
soon vacated. No arrests were made.
YOUNG JESSE JAMES
FOUND NOT GUILTY
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Feb. 28.— Young
Jesse James, son of the notorious bandit
whose name he bears, was to-night ad
judged not guilty of complicity in
robbery of a Missouri Pacific express
train at Leeds, in the outskirts of Kansas
City. The robbery, which the police ac
cused young James of having been the
leader, was committed on September 23
last, and was the last of numerous train
robberies in the outskirts of Kansas City.
The jury was out less than an hour, and
the verdict of acquittal was reached on
the first ballot.
In rendering their verdict of acquittal
the Jurors were compelled tn discredit en
tirely tho confession of Witness W. W.
Lowe, who admitted having been a mem
ber of the band and who described the
robbery in every detail, implicating as his
accomplices young James, "Andy' Ryan,
"Bill" Ryan, alias Evans, and several
others.
After returning the verdict members of
the Jury said they could not accept th«
Lowe confession rr the theory of the po
lice, adding that the police, located James
in too many places in a very brief time.
Belmont Beaten at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 2S.—
The Belmont school baseball team was
defeated on the campus this afternoon
i by the Stanford freshmen by a score of
1 S 'to 5.
STAID SENATORS
FORGET DIGNITY
Frenzy of Bill-Passing
Seizes Them.
CLAMOR FOR APPROPRIATIONS
MEASURES AND AMENDMENTS
BUSHED THROUGH.
Stockton and Los Angeles Profit,
Each Being Granted Funds for
the Erection of a Public
Building.
Ppwial Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— A frenzy of
bill-passing was on in the Senate to
day. The bills passed were principally
public building measures and at times
during the day and night the scenes
in the Senate were remarkable. Sena
tors usually staid and dignified, stick
lers for order and decorum in the cham
ber, clamored for consideration of bills
providing for the erection of Govern
ment buildings in which they were in
terested.
Bills carrying an aggregate of eight
or ten millions of dollars were passed,
and many more that had not been
passed by both houses of Congress
were placed as amendments in the sun
dry civil appropriation bill. Finally,
at a late hour to-night, an amendment
to the sundry civil bill was adopted
appropriating nearly $4,000,000 for the
preliminary work on the buildings
which had been authorized.
The sundry civil bill was passed at
11:15 to-night, having been technically
under consideration throughout the
day and evening.
The House bill increasing the limit of
cost of the public building at Stockton, '
Cal., to $156,900 was passed with an
amendment providing for the erection
of a public building at Los Angeles at
a cost of $250,000, $100,000 of which is
carried by the" bill.
Morgan secured the adoption of a
resolution continuing the select com
mittee on the Nicaragua canal and au
thorizing it to hold sessions during the
recess of Congress.
A partial conference report on the
postofflce appropriation bill was agreed
to. The matter remaining in disagree- j
ment is the subject of a special appro
priation for fast mail service for the !
South and between Kansas City and I
Newton, Kans. The Senate further in- j
sisted upon its amendments and an- !
other conference was ordered.
BILLS BUSHED THROUGH.
Action of the Senate Imitated in the
House.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— The House
spent practically the entire time of the
seven hours' session to-day passing the
public building bills favorably acted
upon by the committee of the whole ten
days ago. The opposition sought in vain
to consume time by rollcalls and other
filibustering tactics, but their numbers
were so slim that in no case could they
sceure a rollcall. At last their efforts -to
impede the passage of the bills was aban
doned, and the bills were passed with
great rapidity. Sixty-one in all were
passed, carrying $9,350,000. $750,000 of
which, however (the amount appropriated
for the New York Custom-house.) is to be
repaid from the proceeds of the sale of
the old building.
The following bills were passed, de
mands for the ayes and noes being de
feated:
Oakland Cal., $250,1)00; Elmlra, N. V., $!»,
--000; Hot Springs. Ark., $78,000; Fltchburg,
Mass., $59,0i0; New Brunswick, N. J.. UOO.000;
Jollet 111., $1,000,000; -Brunswick. Ga., $1uj,000:
Cleveland, 0., $2,200.r>00; Topeka. Kan., $£5,000;
Baltimore, $100,000; Washington Public Library
bill site. Lawrence, Mass., $100,000; Jamestown,
N V $7.">.0O0; Tampa, Fla., $100,000; Aberdeen,
$87 000; Abilene. Tex., 175,000; Newport. Vt.,
$50 000- Eau Claire, Wls., $50,000; Macon. Ga..
$50,000; Columbus, Ga.. $50,000; Beaumont,
Tex , $75,000; Puhuque, lowa, $100,000; Omaha,
Nebr increased limit of cost to $l,3«),000:
Wilkesbarre, Pa., $125,000; Jackson. Miss., $31.
--000; Klgin 111.. $100,000; Minneapolis, Minn.,
153.000- Butte, Mont., $200, «)0; Salt Lake City,
<:;< :o,.i i ;6; Seattle, Wash., $300,000; Canton, 0.,
115,000; Hastings, Nebr.. $20,000; New York
City (Custom House). $750,000; Fergus Falls. N.
D $7.'. 000; Brooklyn. N. V.. $20,000: Kansas
City Kan $150,000; New Iberia, La.. $r.0,000;
Joplln Mo.. $50,000; Stockton, Cal. (increase),
$81,900; Salem, Or. $100,000.
The only bill defeated was that provid
ing for a building at Bluefield. W. Va. At
6:10 p. m. the House adjourned.
CANDIDATE I'CUNE'S
ALLEGED BRIBERY
SALT LAKE, Utah, Feb. 28.— Over a
dozen witnesses were before the legisla
tive investigating committee to-day. Rep
resentative Lapish testified that Mr. Dun
bar, one of the McCune workers, had
made an improper suggestion to him.
making him, in effect, an offer of aid
from McCune. Dunbar testified to the
contrary. The Representative testified
that Senator Nebeker, while voting for
King, had said he could get $5000 for vot
"Representative Callister testified that
one W. D. Thompson called on him on
the Tuesday before Law made the
charges of bribery and said there was
$"000 or $3000 In it it he would vote for Mc-
Cune, but did not give the source of his
information. Thompson, when found, de
nied the statement. _
Representative Betts testified that some
one had told him that S. Pace of Orand
County was promised $5000 to secure the
vote o"f Taylor of Grand County for Mc-
Cune, and that the same proposition was
made to Stephen Kenzie. Several other
witnesses are yet to be heard by the com
mittee.
MARYLAND'S GIFT TO
REAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY
BALTIMORE, Feb. 28.— Rear Admiral
Wlnfleld Scott Schley received to-day
from the people of this his native State
a superb testimonial of the esteem in
which he is held by the poople
of Maryland and of their apprecia
tion of his services to the coun
try during the late war with Spain.
I Incidentally he was cheered by assembled
thousands as he rode through the streets
of Baltimore, and at night 400 of the rep
resentative men of the city and State
gathered to witness the presentation of
I the testimonial and join in a banquet
| given in his honor.
The testimonial proper took the form of
a magnificent medal of gold and diamonds
of great intrinsic worth and resplendent
beauty, the gift of Maryland, presented in
the name of the State by Governor Lloyd
Lowndes.
[ENDS HIS LIFE IN
A CHICAGO DEPOT
CHICAGO. Feb. 28.— Mystery surrounds
the identity of a well-dressed man who
died at the Northwestern depot to-day
under circumstances which indicate sui
cide. In the man's possession were found
a commutation ticket to Bavenswood and
a letter stating the bearer was Fred T.
Carrington of San Francisco, and that he
was suffering from heart disease. Every
possible mark of identification about the
clothing was destroyed, and with the ex
ception of a note there was nothing to in
dicate the mans name was Carrington.
When this discovery was made the police
began working on the theory that the
man ended his life, probably by poisoning
himself. He was apparently about 35
years of age.
; '- - —1 ADVERTISEMENTS. ...'.;■.:..-.; s- : . •-• *: r ' y
00 00 boooooboo 6 00 00000000 0000000 do 00 06 000000000 000 00 00
Q ■ ■ ■ ■ " ' O
° . 2
o o
o •— ; : SXSXS®®®g)®SXs)®SXsXsX^®g^^ — — O
o o
o J • o
g 2&*pS£X«e&* 9 ' o
% 9&i«4^ / . ■  o
g February •*• 18^. g
o £§£: . ■ '■... o
o#essrs. J. J. O'Brien & Co., o
° Cor. Market & Jones Sts., City. . o
o Gentlemen: - .-■ . s \ , • §
o
o Bids for the stock and fixtures formerly belonging to J. 3
g Samuels, this City, were opened at these rooms this day at 2:30 ®
o o'clock p. m. Your bid being the highest, the property has been o
° awarded to you. Our representative will deliver the stock as per o
0 inventory. ; Yours respectfully,  1 ©
i /fc^ftd-^ %
o (Diet.) — Secretary. o
o v ' . •■• o
o o
0 Referring to the above letter we will state that we have pur- . g
o chased the ENTIRE STOCK OF J. SAMUELS, one of the pioneer dry- o
° goods merchants of San Francisco, consisting of over ) > : o
4^ ■ " ; ~: rr * ■
! $30,000 I
- 4^. H tH v .^B lift tmm Vk fly ib\ J^r ™* Mm
o o
o worth of the choicest SILKS, BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS, %
2 LACES. EMBROIDERIES, CLOAKS, JACKETS, SUITS, CAPES, LADIES' o
o AND MEN'S HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR, HOUSE-FURNISHINGS, %
% DOMESTICS, TRIMMINGS, NOTIONS, RIBBONS, etc, etc., at |g
o • }: . . . _ ..." ..- 6
139 Cls. on the $1 -00 1 |
o o
o And we are prepared to offer the ENTIRE PURCHASE for sale, com- %
o mencing THIS (WEDNESDAY) MORNING at figures corresponding with o
o the enormous discount in the purchase price. ; :-^,-,h^ %
o ■ v : ■ •' " / •. _ : h — ■ ■ .0
O /i/JF^ £ I ml m .. „ ..... / \/(f Murphy Building-, 0 -.
O {/I/ Murphy Bul!dln«r. J if if Murphy Bu!!dlngr. X , t^i/ • * " O
% Market and Junes Streets. Market an! Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets, %
o ' , ' ' • ....■:.. • ' - o
0000000 00000000000 00 0000000000000000 00 0000000000000000 00
AMERICAN FLAG
HOISTED AT GUAM
Governor Taussig Takes
Charge.
SALUTES TO OLD GLORY
GUNS OF THJi BENNINGTON
THUNDER.
Commander of the Warship linds
the Island Treasury Empty
and the Revenues Very
Xaght.
HONOLULU, Feb. 21.— Commander
Taussig of the Bennington is the first
American Governor of Guam. The
American flag went up over the new
possession at 10:30 a. m. on February 1.
It was raised over Fort Santa Cruz in
the harbor of San Luis d'Apra, the
main harbor of Guam, and saluted by
the guns of the Bennington. Simul
taneously it was raised over the gov
ernment buildings at Agana, five miles
distant and was saluted by a battalion
from the Bennington and a company
of native militia with a field battery.
The paymaster of the Bennington is
the United States Collector of Revenues
for Guam. Everything is quiet and
orderly.
The United States collier Brutus,
Captain V. L. Cottman, arrived at
Guam from Majiila on January 1 and
sailed from there at 5 p. m. on Febru
ary 1, having coaled the Bennington
and participated In the flag-raising
ceremonies. By the Brutus Commander
Taussig sent the following letter, dated
January 30, to Major H. A. Bartlett of
this city:
We had good weather throughout the
passage and arrived in Port San Luis
d'Apra in Guam on the 23d. I found the
Brutus here and will send her to Hono
lulu by the Ist of February, carrying this
letter.
There was no flag flying over the island
and as the Government had assumed con
trol of the island I. as the senior officer
present, made our paymaster the collect
or of the revenues, such as they
are. and will direct the hoisting
of the flag on the Ist of February on
the Government building. The treasury
is empty, but I believe that the employes
have all been paid up to the Ist of Feb
ruary—at least some of them have.
The island is about twenty-seven miles
long and averages about seven or eight
miles wide. It is high in most places.
The soil is good. The main article of
commerce is coora. Some coffee and
cocoa also are raised, but labor is scarce,
although there are nearly 10,000 inhabi
tants on the, island. They send to Japan
for sugar, such as it is. but little can be
bought in the place. The beef is not fit
to eat. A laborer is paid 25 cents a day
if he is fed and 50 cents a day if he Is
not. There are very few Europeans. I
have seen seven or eight priests and three
or four Spaniards. There are a few half
breeds who speak English. Many of the
natives do not speak Spanish, but most
of them understand it. Their language.
Chammoro. has many words evidently of
Spanish origin. There are a number of
chickens on the island, the price having
gone up nearly double since our arrival.
Wakes Island is a low atoll from eight
to twenty feet high, covered by brush,
bushes and some trees. It is fringed by
a coral reef, whose outer wall is nearly
vertical, and I could find no anchorage.
I was disappointed In not being able to
take our boats into what is marked afl
an entrance to the lagoon. There was not
enough water throughout the day. The
bare edge of the rpef was out of the wa
ter as the breakers receded. I did, how
ever, succeed in making a landing, when
a flagstaff was planted and we hoisted
our flag, which was saluted by twenty
one guns from the Bennington.
Captain Cottman of the Brutus says
that all the stories of revolt in Guam
against the United States authority fol
lowing the departure of the Charleston
were pure fiction. Everything was quiet
and orderly. When he left Commander
Taussig was about to begin the surveys
;■.._ ■,'■.. ■-- - ,-. :^~ - - : ~~~ .■■ :■■ *:.,■■::-%
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,;., . ' '
© ♦ ® -f© -♦■ ® +®-f®+ ®4<s>4<2>><^®4<s>>®4®>®>®^s>4®^^^
|v WOMEN AND MEN :f |
I Have Nerves That Ape Weak and Doctors |
© Cannot Cure Them. I
X -: My success in treating weak nerves has +
JyJ ■ m< _ . . • been surprising. I have cured long-stand-
V 4£t|. ing cases which verged upon- nervous
W ..uff^i. prostration; cured them permanently when ®
4- JPSErI&S&k. family physicians had prescribed rest as 4-
r\ f^-JSPJwiS^fc tnt> on 'y cure. Some women and some ®
Q ffiWßr^MM men have not the time nor money to af- 4-
X $S? SSL ford rest, hence they must find another ©
f~"-i a"***- BrTJr, euro. Drugs arc powerless, except as a ■♦-
X • \2M«S» liWr daily stimulant. whi»^h is very injurious V
2 ym * r i \^ JOr in the end. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is ♦-
A 'SB . <^p m the one simple and easy method. •-• ; !^©
I' .^^^ilfe ' CIRES WHILE YOU SLEEP. 1
A GSiwmSSm ■ ' ■"■,v -^Mffi( SU» While you rest at night it pours vital- ,©"
5^ intHUHK MliHlwnr izing electricity into the tire.i nerves. ;£
X TCiflsMaSß\ ■ ' vVBI charges them with warm, healthy vital- 0
i 'V^fimHSLL ioiraWw ity. and, the natural energy soon asserts .£ -
X .^mHI itself. A permanent cure takes only a- @
©. ■ " MHlRR^^^ffiW few weeks. Try it. It is cheap compared
X ' " with drugs, and ten times as effective. X.
© .^illlßWßfillHlW.-rV..;:.--- Call 1 and lee it if you can. or let me send . 2'-
■± '■ , y . you a book about It, closely sealed, free. .j-T:'
i D 7 I lt t^'«, McL ? UGII I'l N> ! NOT IN DRUGSTORES. -"©^
"f 702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F. lft , . Dr.. SandWa Electric Belt • ±L
+ w o V. ,« I Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt +L
X -Office hours-8 a. m. to Bp. m. Sundays. 10 • , g never go i d m drug atO res nor - ®rV
© t to 1. Branches at Los Angeles Cal. 20«*. South ,-\ by traveling agents; only at : " 'X*
4/ Broadway; Portland. Or., 253. Washington St.; .- our office ■■ agelus> omy al r " >;
(»'. Denver, Colo., 931 v Sixteenth St.; Dallas. : Tex.. I our ul w .- r , ■>■—..-- £;-© 
V 285 , Main st: ; Butte, Mont.. 110 North Main St. ' *— — -' — ..-:. >-.\, +» • •♦• i
® -f® "f® 4"® ♦ ®i<2>*®*«>*Sms>*2>+e*^
\ of the island, but with the arrival of
the Yorktown since then he supposes
the Bennington .has gone on to Manila*
Captain Cottman came here expecting
to take on coal and some condenser
I tubes for the Bennington, for which
! requisition was made some time ago,
and to return to Guam. Under the
j changed conditions of affairs he -will
I proceed to San Francisco on Friday.
ONOMEA SUGAR STOCK.
Hawaiian Company to List It OB
'Change in San Francisco.
HONOLULU, Feb. 21.— Advices from
San Francisco are that Edward Pollitz
has not yet disposed of the Onomea
stock he purchased while here a short
time ago. He is waiting until permis
sion is given by the government to the
company to reduce the par value of its
shares from $100 to $20 and increase the
number of shares from 10,000 to 50.000.
The application of the Onomea Sugar
Company to the government is for leave
to reissue its stock at the par value of
$20 a share instead of $100, and to have
five times as many shares. The propo
sition is not to increase the capital
stock, the owners believing it is cap
italized for about the right amount.
The proposition is simply to decrease
the size of each share and to corre
spondingly increase the number of the
shares.
It is the intention to list Onomea on
the San Francisco Stock Exchange.HIS HOLINESS
POPE LEO XIII
IS TAKEN ILL
It Is Denied at the Vatican That
the Indisposition of the Pre=
late Is Serious*
ROME, Feb. 28.— The Pope was taken suddenly ill this
morning.
... The Pope had a fatiguing day yesterday receiving congratu
: lations on the approaching anniversary of his coronation and
complained of the cold, which has been intense for two days.
Dr. Lapponi found some fever and ordered the patient to re
main in bed and take a complete rest. The physician has since
visited the Pope three times. It is almost certain that the Ponti
fical receptions, fixed for March 2 and 3, will be countermanded.
Dr. Lapponi will sleep at the Vatican to-night. He de
clines to give any statement as to the Pope's condition. Dr.
Mazzoni has also visited the Pope professionally during the day.
Callers at the Vatican have found everything in the usual con
dition there, and all inquiries were met with the denial that the
Pope's indisposition is serious.
His Holiness rose this morning at 1 1 o'clock, but Dr. Lap
poni insisted on his returning to bed, as he was suffering from
: fever following a general chill, with pains in the lumbar region.
DEMOCRATS ADVISED
TO VOTE FOR QUAY
-..leaders of the Party Urge This Ac
..';■•' tion Upon Pennsylvania
Legislators.
.; HARRISBURG, Pa., Fob. 25.-Con
■.. gressman-elect Joseph C. Slbley of
. Franklin, who came here to-day to take
: part In the contest for United States Sen
.ator, has issued an open letter to the
. Democrats of Pennsylvania, giving the
.■-opinions expressed in letters written to
.. him by Democratic United States Sena-
Ytors at Washington. Mr. Sibley says:
Tim? did not affortl me opportunity to call |
on more than a few, and in no instance was j
'thpre expressed a contrary opinion.
'.. i •'•He did not carry the request
. 'opinions into the House of Representa
tives, except in the case of Congressman
Bailey of Texas, who says in his letl
"If the reformers will not vote for a clean j
' and good Democrat in preference to Sen- I
".': aior Quay, whom they denounce so vig
■i=ly. then the Democratic member
Legislature should break away from
\ ■ the unholy alliance and. vote for Senator
• Quay, if that is necessary to re-elect."
■■■ Mr. Slbley has letters expressing prac
•-. • tically the same sentiment from Senators
'Jones" of Arkansas, Vest of Missouri, Stew- ,
■ Nevada. Morgan of Alabama, Daniel
• of Virginia, Mitchell of Wisconsin, Faulk
■: r..r of West Virginia, Allen of Nebraska,
"•'Gray of Delaware. Tillman of South I
: ; ." Carolina, and ex-Senator Blackburn of j
"■'"Kentucky.
MISTOOK CHARCOAL
FOR HUMAN BONES
Chicago Police Thought They Had
Found a Clew in the Becker
Case.
: .CHICAGO, Feb. 2S.— The police, in
•:ing the home of Albert Becker to
'-..' day for seme clew that might lead to the
; .solution of the mystery surrounding the
disappearance of the butcher's -wife, made
■ what they for a time believed -was a sen
sational discovery. Mixed in the ashes
of the stove were found what appeared to
lie several pieces of bone, and the theory
was at once advanced that Mrs. Becker's'
body had been dissected and burned piece
meal. Professor Dorsey of the Field Co
lumbian Museum, however, pronounced
the refuse nothing but pieces of charcoal.
Nearly every foot of the prairie in the
vicinity of the Becker home has been
thoroughly searched, as have the waters
»f the "Bubbly Creek," but without re
sult.
Becker still claims his wife will return
sooner or later.
FREIGHT STEAMSHIP
STARBUCK WRECKED
Founders on the Island of Tigre, Off
the Coast of Hon
duras.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Feb. 28.— The
" Pacific Mail steamship Starbuck, Captain
. lirugire, foundered this afternoon seven
teen miles from Amapala, on the island
.of Tigre, off the coast of Honduras; No
' ■■lives are reported lost.
•". Th<v Starbuck, which, according to the
• Maritime registers, arrived at Panama on
' January 29 from Champerlco, was an iron
steamer of 1548 tons net and 2157 tons
'.• (R-068. She was built in Sunderland,
■England, in 188 L She was 266 feet long,
• •31 « feet in beam and 20.4 feet in depth.
; .f3he was last surveyed in San Francisco in
nd was classed Al.
WEDDED ON A TRAIN.
Ceremony Performed Before Inter
ested Passengers.
HEALDSBURG, P'eb. 28.— A rather sen- !
national marriage occurred at the Healds- J
burg depot on the arrival of the 3 o'clock
train from the north this afternoon.
Rev. J. Waldrop of Healdsburg and Mrs.
Helen L. Jones of Dry Creek Valley '-.
boarded the train at Lytton Springs and
When it reached Healdsburg Rev. M. S. ;
Fby entered the car in which were the
%. Rev Mr Waldrop and his fiancee. There, .
In the presence of the interested passen
gers during the short halt of the train.
Rev' Mr. Eby performed th<> marriage
ceremony uniting Rev. Mr. Wai drop and
■Mrs. Jones. Then the newly married pair
continued their journey to San Fran- ;
'Rev Mr. Waldrop achieved considera- I
We notoriety during the A. P. A. a^ita
tion- several yar.s ago, when he conducted
"• • joint discussions with Father Peter C. ;
Vo'k Uf has been Baptist pastor in ;
Healdsburg for several years, but lately j
• .-resigned his charge.
RIOT AMONG CHINESE.
' -Hawaiian Coolies Rescue Prisoners
From a Jail.
; •.'■HONOLULU, Feb. 21.— Marshal j
• Brown has received advices from Ha- j
wall that a serious riot took place last i
■ Veek among: the Chinese at Pahala ;
■plantation, In Kauai, as a result of
.which fifteen of the leaders are now
■ held for trial.
The trouble began a week ago last
'■Saturday night, when the police of Pa- j
hala arrested some Chinamen and put |
■•' handcufis upon them. Thereupon the
Chinese in the neighborhood gathered
in strong force and attacked the police,
tore the door of the jail from the hinges
an.!' smashed the windows Besides
they rescued the prisoners, hurt the
Jailer and one of the policemen quite
..badly, and carried off all the handcuffs
.In' the Kauai district.
Actress Sara Jewett Dead.
A HOSTON, Feb. 28.— Sara Jewett, once a
ti *ll-known actress, is dead in Cambridge.
She was formerly leading actress of the
• Union Square Company of New lorK,
and in the tours of that company had
played in all the leading cities of the
United States.
DR. JORDAN'S THEORY
HELD BY HISTORIANS
Principle of Natural Selection Ap
plied to the Rise and Fall
of Nations.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 28.—
Dr. Jordan has received a letter from Dr.
E. A. Ross, who is spending his year's
leave of absence in study in Europe, in
which he calls attention to the fact that
historians on the other side of the water
are beginning to make use of the prin
ciple of natural selection, which President
Jordan has expounded in this country, to
explain certain great historical phenom
ena.
"Otto Seech," writes Professor Ross,
"in his work. 'The History of the Dp
cadence of the Ancient World.' .claims per
verse human selection was the cause of
mediocrity in later Greece and cowardice
in later Rome. This selection consisted in
the slaying or exile of all the better and
abler men in the Greek cities during the
sanguinary struggles between the popular
and the aristocratic parties. In Rome the
proscriptions of Marius and Sulla, joined
to the Mood-letting of the emperors, ex
terminated the most courageous, so that
congenital cowardice became the char
acteristic of the decadent Romans."
These arguments are almost identical
with those which Dr. Jordan has been
urging against militarism. By taking the
best men •out of the country for purposes
of war, the race, he claims, will in time
degenerate as have the Latin races of
Europe from this same steady drain on
its best blood.
ARE WORKING TO
RETAIN HOME TRADE
STOCKTON, Feb. 28.— The Merchants'
Association is using every influence at the
command of the Tnembers to retain the
retail trade here and prevent it going to
San Francisco. The school teachers have
been unmercifully censured for doing their
Saturday shopping in San Francisco, and
other classes are coming in for their
share. The members now propose to be
gin an active campaign for the retention
of trade here. At a meeting, last night
resolutions were adopted, of which the
following were a part:
Whereas. After a careful investigation it has
het>n found that a very Jar^e percentage of re
tail shopping and trading is done in San
Francisco hy residents of this city and county
whose employment is such that they are at
liberty to make frequent trips to the bay city
Resolved. That this association use ail hon
orable means to correct the evil set forth In the
preamble hereof; that the municipal and coun
ty R.vernment departments of this city and
county be, and they are hereby, respectfully
requested to pass resolutions in harmony with
this movement, that this community may re
ceive a lasting benefit thereby.
"DEVIL AT HOME AND
ANGEL ON THE STREET"
SAN JOSE, Feb. 28.— Argument com
menced in the Crabb divorce case to-day
before the usual large attendance of
women. Attorney Cobb occupied the fore
noon in behalf of Crabb. Attorney Has
sett, for Mrs. Crabb, followed. He re
viewed the testimony and devoted atten
tion to Dr. Crabb. He gave the minister
a verbal scorching, and charged him with
having cruelly treated his wife and then
climaxed his cruelty by railroading her to
an asylum. Crabb was denounced as a
"devil at home and an angel on the
street."
MAY CONTEST CENTRAL
PACIFIC REORGANIZATION
English Stockholder Threatens to In-
stitute Proceedings in
California.
LONDON. Feb. 28.— An investigation
into the report recently in circulation in
the United States that proceedings have
been commenced here to restrain the Ban
bury Committee from delivering a ma
jority of the Central Pacific Railroad
stock to the reorganization committee
shows that no proceedings have as yet
been begun against the Banbury Commit
tee, but a stockholder named Mershead
threatens to contest the reorganization
here and in California.
MOLINEAUX TO BE INDICTED.
NEW YORK. Feb. 28.— The case of Ro
land B. Molineaux will be presented to the
Grand Jury to-morrow, and an indictment
against him for the- murder of Mrs. Kath
arine J. Adams asked for. This step is
the result of a series of consultations held
to-day by the prosecution.
Vagrants Ordered to Depart.
STOCKTON, Feb. US.— Chief of Police
Gall to-day issued an order to all persons
who are without visible means of support
to leave the city within twenty-four hours
under penalty of being locked up as va
grants. The order i« the result of an epi
demic of burglaries, which the police have
been unable to control. Last evening half
of the force was concentrated in the Sec
ond Ward, but two house-breakings took
place while the blue coats were industri
ously patrolling the district. Citizens to
day appealed tn the Chief to use drastic
measures, and he accordingly issued the
order. All suspicious characters are to
night being locked up and held for exam
ination.
— * _
British Seamen Drowned.
LONDON. Feb. 28.— A dispatch from
Valhi, capital of the island of Samos, off
the west coast of Asia Minor, says that a
boat belonging to the British torpedo boat
destroyer 1-truiser has foundered in a
squall off Samos and that eight of her
crew were drowned.
Charity Ball at Auburn.
AUBURN, Feb. 28.— Probably the larg
est social gathering ever seen In the foot
hills will be that at the charity ball to
be irfven by the Auburn ladles next Fri
day evening. March 3. Big preparations
are being made for the event
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
RUDYARD KIPLING
SLIGHTLY BETTER
Still He Is a Very Sick
Man.
HIS PHYSICIANS GIVE HOPE
DO NOT SAY THAT HE IS OUT OF
DANGER.
Has Passed the Crisis, and With
Favoring Conditions Has
a Chance for
Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦ ♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦♦ ♦♦♦ + ♦ ♦♦
+ ♦
♦ NEW YORK, March 1, 4a. m. ♦
+ — There has been no change in +
♦ the condition, of Rudyard Kip- +
♦ ling since the 1:30 bulletin was ♦
+ issued by his" physicians. +
♦ " +
■f -f -f -f -f >"♦"'♦"♦■■♦■*♦' + + "♦" "♦" "♦" "*"
NEW YORK, Mafch L— At 1:30 this
morning Dr. Dunham, in attendance on
Rudyard Kipling, issued a statement
in regard to Mr. Kipling's condition, in
which he said he was not discouraged.
"Mr. Kipling:," he said, "is better in
one sense and worse in another. We
hope to be able to issue a more favor
able bulletin in the morning."
On being asked as to what he meant
by this, Dr. Dunham said that he could
not explain, but physicians would un
derstand. It is taken to mean that Mr.
Kipling has not yet passed through the
crisis of the disease, but that probably
the crisis will be reached before the
next bulletin is issued.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28.— The following
bulletin was issued at 11:10 to-night:
Mr. Kipling, on the whole, has not
gained a iring the day, though the res
| piratory function has so far improved
i that the use of oxygen is no longer neces
sary The influence of the persisting in
: flammatlon in the upper lobes is still
! manifest. E. G. JANEWAY.
THEODORE DUNHAM.
It was said that Mr. Kipling's lung
area available for breathing was at its
minimum on Sunday night. It was in
creased considerably yesterday and
still more this morning. With this im
| provement the danger of coma and de
i lirium passes away and hopes for re
! covery are increased. There is reason
j to believe, according to the statements
! that come from the sick room, that the
clearing put of the lower lobe of the
patient's ' right lung will continue
steadily and breathing will become
so easy by the end of the tenth day of
Mr. Kipling's illness that, unless a re
lapse occurs, his recovery is only a
matter of time.
Dr. Conlin, the Kipling family phy
sician at Brattleboro, Vt., is now in at
! tendance at the bedside of the author.
Mrs. Kipling this morning sent the
following note downstairs:
Mrs. Kipling wishes to acknowledge
with grateful thanks the many letters
and telegrams of sympathy sent her. They
are too numerous for her to reply to in
! dividually.
QUARTZ CLAIMS BONDED.
Alameda Man's Big Investment Near^
Tacoma.
TACOMA, Feb.. 28.— Seventeen quartz
I claims in the Glacier mining district, in
I this county, owned by J. W. Knapp and
I associates of Buckley, were to-day bond
ed to A. M. Hitchcock of Alamoda Coun
ty, Cal., for $250,001). The sum of $15,000 is
] p*aid down, $15,000 more is to be paid when
possession is taken and the balance in 1900.
Election Officer on Trial.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 28.— The trial of W.
W. Chapman, indicted by the last Grand
j Jury on a charge of fraud in connection
with the election of Supervisor at the last
election, began here to-day in the Supe
rior Court. The principal witness this
t afternoon was Henry Dahlman. who
! served on the election board in Wilson
! prroinot with Chapman. He testified re
garding the method employed in counting,
and while partially admitting that he ex
pected to be roadmaster in case of Wall's
election, his testimony was damaging to
the defendant.
Samuel A. Bartlett Dead.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 28.— Samuel A.
Bartlett died to-day. He was a native of
Onelda County, New Yorß, and 88 years
of age. He was among the early resi
dents of Indiana, where fie held many
local offices. He came to Santa Cruz in
1856 for the of his health, and en
gaged in business. He served as County
Treasurer and Supervisor. He assisted in
the organization of the Bank of Savings
and Loan, being Its first treasurer. He
was a charter number of the local chap
ter. Royal Arch Masons, having been its
treasurer for nearly thirty years.
The Schley-Sampson Embroglio.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28.— Another un
successful effort was made in the execu
tive session of the Senate to confirm the
nominations advancing Admirals Samp
son and Schley and other officers who
participated in the Santiago campaign.
This result was due to the objections of
Senators Butler. Pettigrew and Stewart,
who talked through the executive session,
thus preventing the taking of a vote.
Grover Regains His Freedom.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 28.— M. M. Grover,
former secretary of the Sausalito Land
and Ferry Company, who was indicted
by the late Grand Jury for an alleged
embezzlement of the company's funds,
was acquitted by a jury to-day. District
Attorney Mclsaac conducted the case for
the prosecution and Attorney Cochrane
appeared for the defense.
Gift to Stanford University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 28.—
A mounted collection of entomological
specimens, presented by Naval Cadet
Cyrus W. Miller, son of Trustee Miller
of Sacramento and a former student at
Stanford, has been received by the ento
mological department. The collection was
made in the tropics, and sent from Peru.
St. Patrick's Day Entertainment.
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 28.— Rev. Father
Hugh Lagan is preparing for a musical
and literary entertainment to be held at
Hall Rafael on St. Patrick's day, the
principal feature of which will be an ora
tion by Rev. Father T. Carraher. Quite
an army of good talent will be present on
the occasion and a large attendance is
expected.
Dropped Dead.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 28.— Henry Ragsdale,
an 11-year-old boy who lived with J. Day
at Campbell, dropped dead suddenly in
the public school there this afternoon.
The boy fell forward on his desk and ex
pired almost instantly. Heart disease is
said to have been the cause.
Davis Taken to Napa.
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 28.— 01 d John Da
vis, who thrice tried to commit suicide
after having been arrested and charged
with larceny, was taken to Napa to-day
by Deputy Sheriff Allen. He says he
•will never be tried for the crime If a
chance presents itself to end his life be
forehand.
Afghanistan's Ruler Lives.
LONDON, Feb. 28.— The Secretary of
State for India, Lord George Hamilton,
announced in the House of Commons to
day that there was no truth in the re
ported death of the Ameer of Afghanis
tan
LINER MORAVIA
BREAKS HER BACK
ON SABLE ISLE
Probable That Not One of Her
Crew of Thirty Men Has
Been Saved.
GLOUCESTER. Mass., Feb. 2S.—Cap
tain William Corkum of the fishing
schooner Mondego, which arrived at
this port from a fishing trip to-day,
brought news that the overdue steamer
Moravia, Captain Ferguson, which
Failed from Hamburg, for Boston, Jan
uary 18. was wrecked on the northeast
bar of Sable Island, about February 12.
The Moravia was making her last trip
for the Hamburg- American line, as she
had been sold recently to the Sloman
line of New York. She was almost
three weeks overdue, and it was
thought that the delay was owing to
some trouble with her machinery.
The steamer carried a cargo of gen
eral merchandise, mainly for Boston
firms. Both vessel and cargo were in
sured. She had a crew of about thirty.
The Moravia was an iron vessel of 2141
tons register, built at Glasgow in 18S3.
Captain Spinney of the schoone*r Ar
bitrator, having been in the vicinity of
the northeast bar a day or two after
MEN WOUNDED
IN THE RECENT
SKIRMISHES
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28.-The
following report has been received
at the War Department:
M \NILA, Feb. 28.— Adjutant
General, Washington: Additional
wounded: February 26, entrench
ments before Caloocan:
Twentieth Kansas, Company F,
Private Howard A. Olds, abdomen,
severe.
Thirteenth Minnesota. Company
H, Private Andrew J. Meidle, arm,
severe.
First Montana. Company G, Pri
vate Edward Moore, jabdomen, se
vere.
Tenth Pennsylvania. Company C,
Private Gilbert Cuite. elbow, se
vere.
J. A. Hennessy, foot, severe, ac-
cidental. •
Additional in Tondo and Binondo I
district. Manila. February 22. 23: •
Thirteenth Minnesota. Company I
C Private Ira D. Smith, sperum, W
slight; Company D, John Hartfleld, I
side, slight. i
Second Oregon, Company E, Pri- '
vate Martin Hildebrandt, finger, •
slight. 1
Additional near San Pedro Ma- W
cate. February 18 and 27:
First Idaho, Company D. Private •
William M. Lfllle, foot, slight.
First California, Company B, II
Private Charles F. Bushman,
shoulder, severe. OTIS.
THE FILIPINOS
NOT YET TIRED
Of THE FIGHT
Continued from First Page.
ditions in the island are expected to ar
rive here on Saturday.
VOLUNTEERS MAY
STAY IN COLONIES
The President Wants to See Ameri
cans Settle the Philippines
and Cuba.
WASHINGTON, D. C Feb. 28.—To
day's Cabinet meeting was uneventful.
As usual the Colonies furnished the
chief topics of discussion, but only de
tails of minor interest were gone over,
with the exception of the mustering out
of volunteer troops in the Philippines
and the transportation to the islands
of regulars to replace them. The lat
ter subject was discussed at some
length, the President desiring the ad
vice of members of the Cabinet as to
the most desirable route.
Now that warm weather is approach
ing it is believed it will be more desir
able to send troops by way of San
Francisco, instead of taking the East
ern route through the Suez canal and
the Red Sea.
Secretary Hitchcock, who Is familiar
with the climate in that part of the
world, called attention to the extreme
heat through which troopships would
have to pass If the Eastern route were
taken. By taking that route ships are
compelled to cross the equator and
spend several weeks in the belt where
the climate is intensely hot. By tak
ing the Western route transports would
consume less time in the voyage and
the trip would be much more comfort
able for the soldiers.
It was finally decided that the West
ern route would be chosen and steps
will be taken immediately to provide
more transports. There is a scarcity
of ships now at San Francisco, but
more will be chartered.
The situation in the Philippines was
discussed in a general way and the
President expressed his gratification at
the way the campaign has been con
ducted. According to the statements
of members of the Cabinet after the
meeting the question of probable com
plication with foreign powers was not
touched upon, neither the President nor
any of the members of the Cabinet be
lieving there is any danger of such
trouble arising.
In reference to the muster out of vol
unteer troops in the Philippines the
President has on foot a project which
he is anxious to have carried Into ef
fect if it is in accordance with the rules
of the War Department. That is, that
any members of the volunteer army
who wish to take up their residence In
the Philippines or the West Indies may
be mustered out there, without having
to return to this country at all. Mr.
McKlnley and others are of the opinion
that a great many soldiern will have
seen oppcrtunities for business ventures
which they would like to take advant
age of and he believes that it would be
a good thing for the future of the
the violent gales of February 12 and 13,
sighted the wreck and stood by watch
ing for signs of life, but failing to see
any proceeded on her course to the fish
ing grounds. Later Captain Corkum
reports that the schooner Hattie A.
Heckman of Gloucester also had seen
the wreck and had sailed entirely
around it, watching for life, but the
steamer apparently was deserted.
Captain Corkum says that when he
met the Arbitrator Captain Spinney in
formed him he had been in close to the
bar during the day of the 12th and 13th,
and when the storm abated he started
for the fishing grounds. It was then that
he ran across the Moravia, She was
broken in two and the seas were beat
ing- heavily against her. Captain
Corkum says it was the opinion of him
self as well as of the captains of the
Arbitrator and Heckman that the
chances for the escape of the Moravia's
crew in such a storm as prevailed on
February 12 and 13 were very slight.
colonies if inducements could be of
fered to American citizens to remain
there.
The question was submitted to the
judge advocate general of the War De
partment several days ago, and is still
being considered by him. It is proba
ble that some arrangement will be
made whereby those soldiers who wish
to remain in the Philippines will be
mustered out there by their command
ing officers and not be required to re
turn to the United States.
DAMAGE WANTED
FOR BRITONS SLAIN
LONDON, Feb. 28.— The Manila Rail
way Company has received a cable dis
patch from Manila, dated February 27.
saying the railway has ceased working
as a means of public conveyance, the
Americans using the line to convey
troops to Caloocan. The railway was
not damaged by the recent fires.
In the House of Commons to-day
Hon. Philip Stanhope, Radical, asked
the Government whether attention had
been called to the British subjects at
Manila, and whether the circumstances
there were such as permitted friendly
representations to be made to the
United States to procure pecuniary
compensation for the families of those
whose lives were lost.
Mr. Broderick, representing the For
eign Office, replied that the British Con
sul at Manila had reported the fact
and would doubtless furnish a full re-
port, when the Government would be
able to decide what course to take.
The Filipino agent In London says he
has received advices that Hollo has
been burned. These advices further
state that the Filipinos at Cebu have
only retired to the hills at the request
of the foreign residents to avoid bom
bardment of the place by the Ameri
cans, the foreigners promising to in
tercede with the Americans in behalf of
the Filipinos with a view to getting
Filipino rights respected.
AMERICAN COMMISSION
ARRIVES AT HONGKONG
HONGKONG, Feb. 28.— The Ameri
can commissioners appointed by Presi-
dent McKinley to investigate conditions
in the Philippine Islands arrived to
day.
They are the guests of Consul Gen
eral "Wildman. and when informed of
the action of President McKinley in re
storing to the Cortez family the estates
confiscated by the Spaniards, expressed
their pleasure over such a diplomatic
move on the part of the American
Government.
"I believe," said Professor Schur
man, "that this one act will do us a
great amount of good. It will give the
lie to Aguinaldo and undoubtedly win
over to our side the more intelligent of
the Filipinos."
A strong anti-American sentiment
exists here because of the attitude of
Vocal newspapers, which give much
space to false stories of the alleged in
humanity of Americans. These stories
undoubtedly emanate from the Philip
pine Junta here, and have more or less
effect upon residents. The Junta is- ac
tive and well supplied with funds, and
is endeavoring to enlist European ad
venturers hanging about Hongkong.
COWARDICE SHOWN
BY A SHIP CAPTAIN
Abandons His Vessel in the Only
Available Boat, Leaving the
Crew to Its Fate.
DARTMOUTH, England, Feb. 28.— The
British steamer Garton, Captain Willis,
from Brunswick via Norfolk for Bremen,
arrived here to-day, having on board the
second officer and six of the crew of the
British bark Galatia, Captain Lewis, of
St. John, N. 8.. which sailed from Turks
Island with salt for Boston and was re
ported February »S to have been aban
doned, water-logged and dismasted.
The Galatia was deserted on February
15, at which time she was in a sinking
condition. Previous to that the bark had
experienced terrible weather and had be
gun to leak rapidly. On February 15 Cap
tain Lewis, the chief officer, the steward,
stewardess and three seamen left her in
the only remaining boat, the others hav
ing been stove in during the. gale. The
boat was lost sight of in a furious gale,
and the second officer considers it impossi
ble' for her to have weathered the storm.
The same evening the Garton hove into
sight and took off the remainder of the
crew of the Galatia at a great risk. The
high seas running prevented the boat
launched by the Garton from approaching
the bark, so the men on board the latter
donned cork jackets and were hauled
through the water.
Captain Lewis, according to the second
officer, took with him all the provisions
and left the remainder of the crew on
board the sinking ship, although, he adds,
there was room for all in the boat, which
hung about the bark until 1:30 p. m. and
then rowed off.
THE SPRECKELS SUGAR
COMPANY INCORPORATES
SALINAS. Feb. 28.— Articles of incorpo
ration of the Spreckels Sugar Company
were filed with the County Clerk this af
ternoon. The capital stocß of the com
pany is stated to be $5,iXK),000. The princi
pal place of busincs is Salinas. The ob
jects of the company are to raise beets;
to buy, own and rent land for that pur
pose: and to make, refine and sell sugar.
The directors for the first year are:
J D. Spreckels. A. F. Morrison, A. B.
Spreckels, H. P. Weed and W. D. K. Gib
son. The total amount subscribed and
paid for is fifty shares, amounting to
$5000.
THE EMPORIUM. |
- Parlors, main P Ooldcnßllle ttauraaur. our new Cat- «
i floor Ladies' CJUF(7R}ii*S LARGEST-AMERICAS GRANDEST STORE, alogue. Send «
I prices, 25c. . ... '. - . -"^ v ?'. ; address now. *
i Souvenirs We have had so many requests for the beautiful pho- «
* cW|/ av " tographic reproductions of the wax group of "Christ*
* *V*. 'Before Pilate" since distributing them last Friday, %
* that we have determined to give away 4000 more this coming Friday *
* ([March 3). The Art Room opens at 9 a. m. and the pictures are*
* free to every visitor as long as quantity lasts. . «
* ;•■ All This Week. |
J Choicest Books, |
i *&S^ Marvelously Low Priced*
£ P& 1 (fflL-fuL Hundreds of pleased book buyers will bear out *
£ J'.X/f Wrs3?Z our assertion that this is the most important ♦
* vwtTkli F^P^ book sale ever held in this city- Prices nave never 2
* '//111 "^Jii g^B^ been .so low; probably never will be again. Money to *
* 'IJi^^YJ R=l_J=U» cover postage or express charges must accompany out-of- 2
£ m\llKl'\ ttfflM town ° - . }
* ' \i >iW N^lA rr™** BumboldtLi-J Poetical works in padded leather—
* 'iiilH V\i^^=rn3 brary of c '" gold-stamped bindings— the $1.50 vol- #
* -li!Ll\\W 'CUnT'l ence — all 15c umes or 7So*
it .^^AV^ aajQ^ numbers, sc; i Oxford and Bagster Bibles, in flexible %
J -— -tnlVV^vi\^^Z 3 ° C numbers... I flap bindings 25© to 75G +
* •// WvP^ "*Vn ii\? I 75c Juvenile Books, by Henty, Cooper, *
* JJ 'JO-* Volume ClaS Mavne Reid, Carey, Ewing, etc 3OC J.
Volume Glass- "W
T • ics cloth bound I 75c Volumes of best Fiction, including <#
* -thisweek • We the Wister Translations ...45c *
* —this week.. < f»C ! J
* Standard authors and recent Fiction— ! 75c to $2 Volumes Fiction, Poetry, T
£ cloth bound— soc volumes. ISO Travel and History, including many late J
£ ■ Cassell's National Library— science, copyright books .....40c
I travel, poetry and history — paper bound- $4.50 Edition George Eliot's Works ♦
J ..." :. :..... .....So .$1.85*
* Hundreds of other bock bargains as good as those told of ab^ve which space forbids 2,
* • . printing. . ,£.
£ *
* . Special Wednesday Only — Wednesday Special in ♦
£ 10c Percales for So Dress Ginghams* *
* Percales, standard quality, black, navy, The real Palmer's Seersuckers, in «<
jt etc., grounds — colors all guaranteed — medium and dark colorings; neat and <f
a fully 32 inches wide — a 10c per yard stylish ; suitable for house dresses, *
£, value. On sale to-day only at So waists, etc.; our 10c per yard quality on "#
jsk sale all day Wednesday at... 6o ♦
A * ■ - — ; — — .'-■ ; ■ «
J • . • . Wednesday Special, ♦
*> Wednesday special— < fOo Draperies for sc. %
£ DreSS Shields, 12C* 100 ° y ards Gold Draperies ;30 inches *
A i rw wide ; all good patterns. ; new designs ; *
* The Azalea DresS /v S\ regular price 10c ; on sale to-day only*
ft Shield, light V^^—*^ \\ at ; So i
0, weight — extra I U . *»
* strong and fine iR I Wednesday Special in 3,
* Nainsook covering 'm I —..„ & ~a- ' X
* —perfect protec- \i|, WARNER / Matl Or &UttlttffS. J
* tion for spring. 1L 4z A \S+ Jf/. Durable Tailor Suitings for Ladies ; 40- «
#, dressesjmd shirt \3/^ inch Covert and Habit Cloths in correct *
waists— sizes- 2, d, -"^ shades of gray, blue, brown and green;*
* 4— regularly 20c , handsome finish and serviceable ; regu- 2
* pair. Special all day Wednesday... l ar price 40c per yard; will be sold all J
* , Black Mohair Cord Skirt . Bmding-reg- day Wednesday at.. 280 1
* ularly 10c yard. Special all day Wednes- J J. -2
* day Be Wednesday Bargain in *
* — * Crepe Paper* J
J ._._.• Dennis on's Imported Crepe Paper, <4t
J Half Price 10-Day. with edges tinted and spattered in colors «
£ Si Iff StOCliS or w ' t ' 1 var!oU3 attractive designs.*
i#> • vim *%****%<*». printed in rainbow hues, also bronze de- *
* White Silk Stocks, ,gs= ===s>^. 81 ns '■> rolls 2°^ inches wide by 10 feet J
* with colored vel- S*i^____j^2k long that are regularly 30c ; special to- *
* vet bow — shape Jg^v =55ri day only per roll - 12c *
T like picture — very /v • ' MTfr^Jul ♦
2* becoming to most t'.A* l^jrik; I • './ All ie Week for These «>
+ ladies —we sold \. '\^r^^' \ j Grocery Specials. ;
* these stylish Stock V^ N< -V wrOCGry 4
* Bows for 50c each, . , Cooper's Oil, large bottles, regularly*
* but will close them out as a special to- 95c, for 800 2
* day at 250 The best Shredded Cocoanut, in bulk,
J regularly 18c lb, for 14-C *
J ___ — . Clean White Dairy Salt, 50-lb sacks, *
* An r\ us j- -r " ' regularly 35c, for ...~ 2Sc +
J t/7tf D.ZV Wednesday Golden Rule Kitchen Salt, 10-lb sacks, *
* This Shoe sues. TsffisoTbVf;v::::::::z:;;.^iS *
* f#f#S &nOe O'.Oa. Sal Soda, 30 lbs for 25c J
* f*»s^ Ladies' Vici Kid Snider's Catsup, pints, regularly 25c S
& nV^S^L Lace Shoes, kid bottle, for 2Oc#
* /J\ tops, the new Imported Sardines, }£s, regularly 10c n>
J /VW 1 / English toe and can. .f0r....... fife <'
* >3 v/ / straight patent Standard Oysters, 2-lb cans, regularly
* /i ' nl leather tips in- 16c each, f0r..... 130 *
* / / f**yg^ dicated in pic- Babbitt's "76" Washing Powder, the
t Ladies' sewed, 5c size, 10 Catsup, for regularly 25c 2,
Lace Shoes, kid bottle, for 2Oc +
tops, the new Imported Sardines, J^s, regularly 10c it
English toe and can. for 3c <
straight patent Standard Oysters, 2-lb cans, regularly ♦
leather tips in- 16c each, for 13c *
dicated in pic- Babbitt's "76" Washing Powder, the J
ture — sewed, 5c size, 10 packages for 2So^L
* V.% / bq\ flexible soles— Celery Phosphate, quarts, J
T |>v I / an especially regularly 65c bottle, until present stock <#
J NjpP^L. H comfortable and is sold 530*11
* handsome walk- Champion Whiskey, regu-*
& \ ing — sold larlv $3 50 gallon, this week $2.65*
A I^. J\ regul a r 1 y at Champion Whiskey, full *
* $2.50 per pair, quart bottles, regularly $1.00, this 2
* Special Wednes- week..........: 800 \
? day only, all Port Wine, our $150 per gallon «
£ sizes and widths $1m65 i quality, this week for $1.00 <V
DIRECTORS YIELD
TO DEPOSITORS
Union Bank Officials
Will Resign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 2S.— The directors of
the Union Savings Bank will resign at
once at the request of the stockholders
and depositors, and thus save themselves
from being unceremoniously ousted. They
gave the stockholders this assurance this
afternoon, and at a meeting to-morrow
afternoon they will hand in their resigna
tions.
The stockholders held their most im
portant meeting this afternoon. They pro
posed to meet in the bank, but the ac
commodations were not sufficient, and an
adjournment was taken to the Good Gov
ernment League Hall. President \V . H.
Wright presided. Most of the directors
were present. About 200 stockholders, rep
resenting 7490 shares, attended.
President Wright made a statement of
the bank's affairs. According to him the
bank was in good condition, and, aside
from Howard's indebtedness, he declared
all securities were good. He reiterated
his statement that depositors would be
paid dollar for dollar, and this from the
assets without the aid of assessments.
The stockholders did not take the same
view as the president, and they would be
willing to present their stock to Wright.
C. P. Braslan, who was lately elected
director, also declared the bank solvent.
He read a long tabulated statement show
ing that after the Bank Commissioners
had scaled down the assets $487,911 there
still remained $709,561, which was more
than sufficient to pay the $658.694 due the
depositors.
Director Bowden followed with a like
statement. He said the directors would
get a dividend out of the institution after
its debts were paid.
These statements were excepted to by
the stockholders. The meeting became
noisy, a half dozen stockholders trying
to talk at once.
A resolution calling for a committee to
Investigate the business affairs of How
THE EMPOBIUM. ___
ard was adopted. It was intimated that
Howard had hidden some of his assets.
E. Eaton. G. \V. Tarleton and J. W. Rea.
were named as the committee. It was
said the directors were trying to shoul
der the responsibility for the failure on
Howard and an attempt was made to
amend the resolution by calling: for the
resignation of all the directors. Presi
dent Wright ruled the amendment out of
order.
A resolution asking the directors to re
sign was introduced but riot adopted.
President Wright- and Director Bowden
both said they would resign if given time
and asked the stockholders not to gn
about it in such a manner.
It was said Attorney General Fitzger
ald had expressed the view that the di
rectors could not fill any vacancies on
the board, now that the bank was in the
Commissioners' hands. The only thing
that could be done was that the direct
ors resign and the names of those select
ed for the places be given to the Judges
of the Superior Court having charge of
the matter.
President Wright and other directors
present assured the stockholders they
would resign. The directors will meet
a committee from the stockholders to
morrow. They will then resign, and men
from the stockholders will be selected for
their places. A motion was adopted that
F. W. Potter be selected as a director to
represent the depositors.
The Howard creditors met to-day and
took steps to preserve their interests.
According to Howard's sworn bankruptcy
statement, he had about $30,000 worth of
dried fruit stored in the Sorosis Fruit
Company's warehouse. The Sorosis Com
pany now claims this fruit and has been
selling it. It claims it bought the fruit
fr-.^n growers,, but admits Howard had
some demands on it. The creditors intend
to look into the matter and see who owns
the fruit. J. W. Blauer, A. Frlant and
Jacob Mirier were appointed a committee
for this purpose, with power to act.
FOUR MILLIONS
LOST JO CALIFORNIA
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28.— The "omni
bus claims bill" has finally been agreed
upon by the conference committee. The
Senate conferees receded from their
amendment providing for refunding the
California, Oregon and Nevada war
claims, because the House conferees posi
tively refused to yield. Thus the State,
of California loses nearly $4,000,000, Oregon
$335,152 and Nevada $404,040. The Califor
nia and Oregon claims were defeated out
right, but Nevada's claim was referred
to the Treasury Department tor a reoort.
5t
WEDNESDAY -MARCH i, 1899.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE...... Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone "Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, C cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postaps:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year 2 ,u\
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.«»»
DAILY CALL (including" Sunday Call). 3 months l.o«
DAILY CALL— By Single Month _ *><**>
SUNDAY CALL One Year *•*"?
WEEKLY CALL. One Year I>uu
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions,
i'ainj.le ccples will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFiCE ._ ~~- 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 183. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R«lU« Hou8 «
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ....Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 337 Hayes street, open until
9-30 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until -9:30
o'clock- 615 Lcrkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 25!6
mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:50 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
.■ ... U . j.INTj.
Columbia— "The Sign of the Cross."
IT."
Tivoli— •'Madeline, or the Macric Kiss."'
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Comedy— "A Trip Across the Ocean."
S Grand Opera House— Ellis Opera Company, Monday even-
, M^rch 13.
Chutes and 7*>o— Pianka, the "Lady of Lions."
Olympian-Corner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Centra! Park— The Steeplechase.
Alhambra— the Hero of Manila," Monday evening,'
.March 6.
Alhambra— Sousa Concerts. Friday evening. March 3.
AUCTION SALES.
By \ W. Louderback— Friday, March 3. at 10:30 a. m. and,
2:00 p. m., Turkif-h Rugs, at 123 Geary street.
By Killip & Co.— Saturday March 4, at 12 m., Thorough-
bred Horses, at Oakland Race Track.
ONE MORE VICTIM.
L) ERNARD WARD is in jail charged with the
\ en t of a sum of money approximat-
ing $40,000. He is there because of a mania for
tered and possibly created by the race
track and its adjunct, the poolroom.
When the frenzy for betting seizes a man it often
means ruin. In ihe excitement of the game his
moral senses become deadened. He must have money,
whether it is his own or he is forced to borrow
or -• . 1 :: matters nothing to him.
ird had been trusted with the control of the
tHe Marine Firemen. There was a check on
• the extent that when he wished to draw from
another signature besides his own was
. it would appear that he had no difficulty
in procuring this signature To what extent there
sion is a matter yet to be developed.
The fact already plain is that Ward became a
criminal, stole, betrayed trust, scattered the money of
his friends, and th?.t the gamblers got it. It went
to the tracks and to the "bookies." With a hardi
hood seldom equaled even among wanton trans
gressors, this young man looted the treasury and
worse than wasted every stolen cent. He did not
even derive material good from it. It went to feed
and clothe the tout and the turf speculator. It went
to sustain the tracks which cost this city daily
isands of dollars, which make a mockery of sport'
and a jest of fairness, thrive on dupes like Ward and
give the community no return.
Add Ward to the long list. Give him a place with
i. Widber, Norton, Wclborn and the rest. He
if a victim of the races. There have been others,
tl re will be more. The racetrack men have a pull,
and, unhampered by conscience, they exercise it.
TriE COMING ISSUE IN ENGLAND.
IT is noted by the London Chronicle as a signifi
cant fact that while the debate on the address of
the Commons in response to' the recent speech
from the throne turned upon the important questions
of China, church and land, it was upon the latter
that the Government came nearest to suffering defeat.
The discussion was raised by a motion to add to
the address the clause: "And we humbly express our
regret that there is no indication in your Majesty's
gracious speech that measures will be submitted to
this House dealing with the ownership, tenures or
taxation of land in towns.'' Against the motion the
Ministry carried the Commons by a majority of but
thirty-four, the smallest majority it has ever had on
any important measure.
The supporters of the amendment demanded three
reforms— an increased power of compulsory acquisi
tion of land on the part of municipalities, reform of
rating, and the imposition of an increased share of
municipal burdens upon the owners of lands. In the
course of the '.lelxite it was pointed out that under
the existing system of tenure and rating in Great
Britain vacant land is being held up around the big
towns without contributing a penny to the rates. The
owner is simply speculating for a rise precisely as a
man speculates who makes a corner, in wheat. If he
ns to own houses in the town so much the bet
ter for him. The more closely he can beleaguer it
the higher his rents will be. for the greater the crowd
the greater the rent. The process is being exploited
[] it is worth.
Commenting upon the debate and the strong sup
the amendment against the Ministry
< Chronicle says: "The ratepayers' power of pay
ing !<>r improvements, of setting the housing acts in
motion and of buying out landlords at a fictitious
valuation is not inexhaustible. Why not convoke a
national meeting of repre>entntives of. municipalities
md urban boards to call for the rating of ground
values? The narrow escape of the Government shows
that this prc^t social question is alive, and we hope
will press that moral home."
This and similar incidents of late show that the
Liberal party in Great Britain is on the verge of
pting a radical platform that will carry it far in
the of state socialism. The party is just
i ow in great need-of both n programme and a leader.
It is probable it will find the first in the demand of
the people for the reforms embodied in the discussion
to which we have referred, and the leader will doubt
less be forthcoming in due season.
While iht- Chief Inspector of Chinese is not satis
fied with the order for his dismissal, a belief that the
.; formulated with a view to satisfying
him has quite a respectable following.
It is safe to say that the anti-cartoon bill will not
go into effect sixty days after its passage. Nor any
o'hcr time.
THE PARTY OND THE SENATOR.
THE first consultation between Republican mem
bers of the Legislature simply developed that
Burns is not the choice of the party, and that he
alone stands in the way of making that choice. It
was further developed that not even his own backers
dared declare that his election would be indorsed by
a party victory in the State next year.
Republicans are aware that the party has a major
ity, and a large one, in the next Senate though all the
States yet in deadlock should leave vacant the seats
that are being contested. Nebraska, Delaware, Penn
sylvania and California can leave theif four seats va
cant and not affect the party's interests in the Senate
of the coming Congress. It is felt by the best sen
timent in the party in Delaware, Pennsylvania and
California that the only peril ahead is in the election
of Addicks, Quay and Burns.
The party here took high and manly ground last
year in affirming its independence of railroad in
fluence and its firm purpose to justify the confidence
which it asked the people to give it. No voter in its
ranks suspected for a moment that any of its candi
dates were bound by any private obligation or prom
ise which was out of line with that position. It was
an unpleasant revelation that such secret obligations
had been assumed by any one who sought votes by
taking a public position exactly opposite to the pri
vate bargain.
That it was the intention of Burns that these se
cret obligations should be secretly discharged, under
cover of a caucus,, is now plain to all who will fairly
see the situation. The party's great prize was to be
drawn blindfold, and its bestowal was arranged in a
manner repugnant to the party's wish and will and
destructive to its future. Seeing this, the best repre
sentatives of the party refuse to sanction the secret
discharge of personal obligations by the legislators,
which, known and made public before election,
would have defeated the party last fall. This is the
inexorable logic of the situation. From it there is no
escape. Let men think for a moment. If the candi
dacy of Burns were so revolting that to have made
it public would have brought party defeat, what is to
be expected next year if that candidacy is now suc
cessful through the secrecy of a caucus ?
Instead of becoming reconciled to it the party is
more in rebellion against it now than when it was
first made public last December. None of its objec
tionable features has been mitigated or softened.
They have all been heightened and emphasized.
The persistent attempt of the Southern Pacific
Railroad to give the lie to the party's solemn declara
tions has roused the feeling of resistance. There is
no desire to make reprisals against that corporation
by any policy of annoyance or injustice, but there is
a firm determination to show that it is not the die-
tator of the Republican party of California.
■ That party met and vanquished the united forces oi
sandlotism upon its declaration that the charge of
railroad domination of its action was false. Surely
it is ill requital of a manly fight and a great victory
for the railroad to push Burns and so file public
proof that what the sandlotters said was true!
In our judgment, which is that of every good prin
cipled Republican in the State, there is one way only
i-i which the party can file a claim to future confi
dence and can deserve future success, and that is by
the defeat of Burns, even if it involve leaving the seat
unfilled. We are perfectly well' aware of the threat
that is out. that if this is done the railroad will avenge
itself by helping the Democrats carry the State next
year. The way to this revenge is already open in the
apparent alliance between Burns and the Examiner,
and therefore between that paper and the railroad.
But Republicans must not forget that we won the
last election by solemnly pledging the people that the
party was not under the suzerainty and control of the
railroad, and we can win the next only by making
that solemn pledge true.
Let the railroad and Burns go to the enemy if they
wish. They cannot do it and escape detection. Their
secret agreements in this Senatorial contest have all
been exposed, and a secret treaty cannot escape pub
licity.
We hold it to be the right of a Democrat in the
railroad company to vote his party ticket, and of a
Republican to do the same. But we deny the right of
the railroad, regardless of party principles, to throw
its whole weight to any party to secure its own cor
porate advantage or to wreak corporate revenge.
Let the Republican party refuse now and forever
the ratification in its name and through its instru
mentality of any secret bargain or the discharge of
any secret obligation, and its lease of power will not
terminate. It can lose in the future only by subject-
ing itself to base uses now.
fIN EXPENSIVE LUXURY.
ACCORDING to a report from Sacramento the
Legislature has up to date sent to the Gov
ernor for his approval seventy bills. Of
these Mr. Gage has approved thirty and vetoed seven
teen, leaving twenty-three still under consideration.
Ihe total number of bills introduced at this session
in 1532. This includes the number proposed in both
houses, a large percentage of which are duplicates;
that is to say, the same bill has been introduced into
each House at the same time — a device invented for
saving time. Place the duplicates at one-half the
grand total of measures introduced — which is a liberal
estimate — and we have at least 750 separate proposi
tions submitted for enactment.
The printing and reprinting of these bills, together
with the daily files, daily journals and daily histories,
has already cost the State upward of $100,000. The
expenses of the Legislature itself, will probably
amount to $150,000. The pay of the members ceases
to-morrow, but the pay of attaches and employes and
the cost of running the State Printing Office con
tinues on until the end. It is a conservative estimate,
therefore, to place the total cost of this session of the
Legislature at $250,000, and it is extremely probable
that that sum will be greatly exceeded. For this vast
expenditure of money the people have so far got
thirteen new laws, with a prospect that the Governor
will approve ten or twelve of the twenty-three now in
hands. - .
Mr. Gage is making an enviable record as a vetoer
of crude, ungrammatical. ill-considered and imprac
tical legislation. He has already struck down three:
or four gigantic jobs introduced and enacted by the
tax-eaters. Among these measures was a bill to es
tablish a Harbor Commission for San Diego and a
bill designed to increase the force in the office of the
Supreme Court Clerk. At this date it is said that the
Legislature should have in the Governor's hands
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
from 150 to 200 bills, and it is predicted that even
with protracted night sessions, which will continue
from this time until adjournment, not more than two
or three hundred of the measures now pending can
be put through.
But it is not clear that the public is going to be
benefited even if the work of the Legislature was up
to date and the usual number of new laws had been
ground out. Governor Gage h> sitting down hard
upon nearly every measure which comes to him. If
he does not object to its grammatical construction he
complains that it is full of holes or makes an appro
priation of too much money. Even if the Legislature
should adjourn with three or four hundred bills in
his hands, there is no prospect whatever that he will
approve more than twenty-five or thirty of them.
The Governor under the constitution has ten days
after adjournment in which to consider measures that
have passed. Bills which he does not sign during this
period fall dead. There are a few important mat
ters before this Legislature, and if the others or the
greater portion wind up in Governor Gage's, waste
basket probably little or nothing will be lost. But,
nevertheless, the people will disburse for the privi
lege of convening this session upward of $250,000.
Everybody remembers Ben Franklin's story of the
boy who paid too much for his whistle. The privi
lege of having a biennial session of the Legislature
is a very dear one, but unless we are mistaken the
people are paying too much for their whistle.
WHAT EXPOSITIONS ACCOMPLISH-
EVEN the most casual study of the results at
tained by great expositions in the United States
is sufficient to make clear their value to wide
regions of territory and to the most diverse interests.
They have never failed to attract the attention of
capitalists and home-seekers to the advantages of the
country surrounding the exposition city, nor to
stimulate all forms of its enterprise.
The effects of expositions can be discerned more
easily in the Southern States than elsewhere because
the people of that section lack the capital and the
skill to establish manufacturing industries and have
been compelled to rely upon outsiders to furnish
them. What has been accomplished in the develop
ment of the South is therefore almost wholly due to
the advertising value of the expositions held at At
lanta and at Nashville.
The extent of the deficiency of banking capital in
the South was shown by the statistics of 1890. At
that time the average for the Union was $93 67 per
capita; but while Massachusetts had $341 for every
man, woman and child, New York $299, and other
manufacturing States a similar amount, the banking
capital of North Carolina was but $9 62 per capita;
South Carolina, $12 70 per capita; Georgia, $10 09
per capita; Alabama, $7 37 per capita; Mississippi,
$10 57 per capita; Arkansas, $4 86 per capita.
The deficiency in skilled labor was about as great
as the deficiency in capital. The South had no con
siderable body of factory workmen, nor any men of
means who knew how to manage such establish
ments. Therefore, when the falling price of cotton
compelled the people of that section to seek other in
dustries than those of agriculture, it was imperative
upon them to obtain both the capital and the skilled
labor from outsiders.
In the emergency they undertook to advertise their
resources by means of expositions. A small venture
in. a tentative way was made in the first cotton ex
position at Atlanta, and the results were so success
ful that a much larger exposition was opened in the
Fame city a few years later. Then came the exposi
tion at Nashville, and the opportunities for invest
ment in the South were fully made known.
The results have been so extraordinary as to con
stitute one of the most notable features of our in
dustrial history. The influx of Northern capital and
skilled labor has been such that the South is now a
strong competitor with New England in the manu
facture of cotton, and with Pennsylvania and Ohio in
tile production of iron. So rapid is the growth that
the Southern trade papers publish every week a state
ment, of the new manufacturing enterprises started in
their States, and the result is always a handsome
showing.
For example, a recent issue of the Chattanooga
Tradesman says: "Among the more important new
enterprises reported by the Tradesman for the week
ending February iS are a bobbin mill in West Ten
nessee; a brick and clay works in East Tennessee;
brick and tile works in East Texas; a canning fac
tory in East Tennessee; a $100,000 cotton mill in
Texas, and a $(xx>,ooo one in North Carolina; elec
tric light plants in Kentucky, North Carolina and
Virginia; an extract manufacturing company in
Southwest Virginia; a flouring mill and a harness
factory in Georgia; an ice factory in Arkansas; iron
works in Virginia; an irrigation company in Florida;
a $50,000 leather company in East Tennessee; a $100,
--000 lighting and heating company in Louisiana; two
lumber companies in Texas and one in West Vir
ginia: a machine shop in Kentucky; a tannery in
Middle Georgia, and a telephone company in Texas."
These are the results of expositions held in a sec
tion of country without capital and without skilled la
bor. It will be seen that while the expositions were
held in but two cities, the stimulus of their influence
is t'elt over the whole region from the Potomac to the
Rio Grande. Can Californians require any better ob
ject lesson in the value of expositions or any more
conclusive proof that an exposition in San Francisco
would be of beneficial, effect throughout the Pacific
Coast and to all forms of its interests? 1
A Colorado Springs man explains that he took a
drink and was in a trance from that moment until he
came to himself in San. Francisco. Colorado Springs
being a prohibition town, the case becomes much
like that of Senator Simpson of Pasadena, only
Simpson is still in the trance.
America is proud of its volunteers and perfectly
v illing that those serving outside the country should
have extra pay. There is also a perfect accord with
the plan of treating the regulars just the same way.
Senator Morehouse has not got over his notion of
making all newspaper writers sign their articles. As
he has identified himself with such a silly bill, he
naturally wants to get even in some way.
Wright, Jilson and Simpson. These represent the
strength Burns has been able to woo from the ranks
of those not with him at the start. It is a record
not to be proud of.
While it may be true that some of the Filipinos
desire to surrender, there is no report that Aguin
aldo has approached the American lines with hi 3
hands up.
Senator Davis of Amador seems not only to have
the gift of speech, but to be blessed with a back
bone. He doesn't want to vote for Burns, and he
won't.
It is a surprising bit of information that a Spanish
cruiser is in a sinking condition. The idea was that
all Spanish cruisers had reached a condition beyond
| this.
RANCH AND RURAL LIFE
For a long time there was noted in this country a tendency to leave
rural life and seek the cities. In consequence every census since out civil
war has shown a great increase in the percentage of city population, me
Eastern press now notes a reversal of this tendency. Men reared in cities
are seeking rural life and the congestion of population in the cities is i not
going on as rapidly. It is a wholesome sign and the movement should
encouraged. ..
A Kentucky distiller let a bunch of hogs have all the beer they w ™'°
drink. Beer is Kentucky whisky in its first stages, and the hogs Kepi
drunk on it for three weeks, and when butchered made the. finest poi
ever eaten in that part of Kentucky. We may now expect cocKtan poi
to appear in the market. „■ . „
The shaddock or grape fruit is being very largely used In tne ££= L
an anti-grip diet. The fruit has sold as high as $3 per dozen. A I(^f
paper says that the California shaddock is inferior. This is not so. v -
ing that poor fruit may have been shipped out of this State, it is true
we produce as fine shaddocks as Florida or the West Indies. .
Danish butter owes its excellence to the pasteurizing, or stem iz ing,
the milk, which destroys all germs. The cream is then ripened by m«»»fj"
it the bacteria needed to produce well-flavored butter. The so™™ 1 ??" 1
maintains a strict supervision of the dairies. The discoveries of tne Dac
teriologists have made it possible to always produce first-class Dutter.
The appearance of California eggs in the Chicago market to ' reHe\e _an
egg famine there suggests another profitable possibility o our climate me
Eastern hen is not in business in the winter months and does but litt c ia>
ing until the warm days of April. In this State, however, la>mg is not
suspended at all, and during January, February and Ma £ h - P y _£ h "" f t
attention to feeding, using bones and a little* red pepper mixed Tilth soft
feed, our hens produce bountifully, and the Eastern market *»» take aI J
our surplus at a good price. We have had much to say on the subject oc
hens in this column, and it is said with an earnest desire t ° call at t, sntion
of our ranchers to the value of chickens as a by-product^ co^s
are kept pigs and chickens should be kept also, for they take tne sKim
milk that would otherwise be wasted and convert it into eggs and meat.
For chickens alfalfa, fed green or chopped fine and moistened with bran
stirred in, is a fine food and cheap. ■
Both the State Board of Trade ar.d museum of Mining Bureau are
now located in the ferry depot in this city. The two exhibit on -Stirs w* 1
the resources of California, and as they are on the same floor visitors will
be interested in their inspection.
THE ROAD TO DEFEAT.
The road to defeat is a curious road,
Nobody thinks he walks there-
Yet all day long a motley throng
Pushes and crowds and stalks there.
• Some are Deople of brain and wortn
Who have wearied of Truth's long highway;
In the breathless race after riches and place
They sought for a short-cut bywa>.
And others have stumbled and missed the road
And wandered off into Sinning— seemed lost. •
When they counted the cost the way seemed lost.
Back into the right beginning. oYin] , .  -
Some loiter through meadows of "Time-enough,
Somerush through the gates of Hurry-
Some seek the defile of "Wait-awhile"
And others the field of lurry.
There are many old women. and many old men
Who think they are wise as sages—
And In paths of Defeat tread, too, the feet
Of children of tender ages.
They follow the motto of "Do as you please.
They scorn to be led or guided;
And all kinds of work they hate and shirk,
And they cannot endure to be chided.
Out from the valley "Pretty-s6on"
They straggle along at leisure; -
They tumble and drop from the mountain top
Of ■elfish and idle pleasure.
Oh, a very queer road is the road to Defeat,
Where the people are all so knowing-
Yet never a soul knows the name of his goal—
Now. is this the way YOU are going? WHEELER WILCQX
c» ELLA W HEELER WILCOX.
STATE • NOTES.
Eoaz Duncan has on exhibition in Los Angeles the largest oranges ever
produced in the State. They were raised at Rialto and he attributes their
fine size and quality to the use of fertilizers in his orchard.
The new fruit roselle, or Hibiscus Subdariffa, introduced by Mr, Short
ins of Pasadena, to which we have already referred, is a native of Brit
ish India, and was introduced by the Agricultural Department. By the
description it is an annual. The fleshy petals about the seed pod are used
for jelly which much resembles currant jelly and is highly prized. It bears
all summer. Mr. Shorting has seed for distribution.
The Merced Sun says that twelve carloads of sweet potatoes remain to
be shipped from the Bubach switch and Atwater, which will close out
the season's crop there. The shipments for 1899 are expected to reach 300
carloads A car holds 352 sacks and the price in the field is about 75
cents a sack, so that a carload is worth $264. Shipments this year have
been made to Portland, Ore., for which $28 a ton. was paid.
Nathan W. Blanchard of Santa Paula is the pioneer lemon grower of the
coast He began by grafting 1000 orange trees to lemons, and now has 100
acres' of his own and an interest- in 400 acres, all in lemons. He began
this business in ISSO, and for a long time was the sole lemon grower in
the State; now there are many and our lemons are exported.
At the meeting of the Santa Barbara Horticultural Society at Summer
land February 2, Mr. Cadwell >of Carpinteria presented bunches of fresh
bananas grown in the open air. His success in banana growing has been
great and was unexpected. • .
Frank Lee of Hemet read a very Interesting paper before the Farmers'
Institute on alfalfa, which he says is unequaled in value as a forage crop.
Among its uses he 'puts hog pasturing, as one acre will feed fifteen hogs
through the season. B3P
Russell Heath of Carpinteria Is about to introduce the Cotentin cattle
from France. He says they are brindle on a white ground, large milkers,
giving thirty-five and as high as fifty quarts a day, and so rich in butter
fats that the usual yield is 2% pounds of butter to thirty-two quarts of
milk. Their butter always commands 75 cents a pound in Paris.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
E. G. Haskell and wife of Petaluma are
guests at the Rubs.
H. E. Middleton of Washington, D. C,
is at the Occidental.
A. L. Morley and wife of Chicago are
guests at the Occidental.
M. P. Jones and wife of Los Angeles
have taken apartments at the Lick.
Dr. L. P- Tooley, a prominent physi
cian of Willows, is a guest at the Lick.
"W. A. Turner, a well-known resident of
Gue'rneville, is at the California with his
wife.
D. G. Overall, a prominent citizen of
Visalia, is one of the arrivals at the
Grand.
Rev. John Ham el. pastor of St. Mary's
church in Olean, La., is registered at the
Palace.
W. R. Caruthers, a Santa Rosa mer
chant, is at the Lick, accompanied by his
wife and mother.
M. L. Isham, a merchant and stock
raiser of Jersey Landing, Cal., is a late
arrival at the Grand.
j. w. Payne, superintendent of John
W. Mackay's mining interests in Arizona,
is registered at the Palace.
L. G. Nesmith, the well-known banker
of San Jose, is a guest at the California,
and is accompanied by his wife.
P. C. Cohen, a Folsorn merchant, and
Gus Peterson, a San Luis Obispo rail
road contractor, are at the Grand.
Handel E. Owen, a prominent resident
of Los Angeles, is registered at the Cali
fornia with Master John Dale Owen.
F. P. Weadon, business manager of the
Bostonians, is making the Occidental hfs
headquarters during his stay in this city.
C. S. Shanklin, a Chicago merchant, has
arrived at the Lick from Honolulu, where
he went to make some investments li\
coffee plantations.
Edward Pollitz, the well-known stock
broker of this city, has returned from
Honolulu, where he has been on business
connected with his firm.
R. D. Davis, a retired merchant of Sac
ramento, has engaged rooms at the Pal
ace for himself and wife. They intend
to locate permanently in Alameda.
W. J. Lockwood, a New York merchant,
M V Conroy, a mining man of Butte.
Montana, and I. G. Lacky, a Pittsburg
manufacturer, are registered at the Pal
ace.
Pierce C. Foster, Duncan Major Jr. and
Walter Brown, three graduates of West
Point who are on their way to Manila
to accept positions in the regular army,
are at the Palace.
Lester and Stanley Coffin, merchants of
Portland, Or., who have been in Hono
lulu with a view to establishing branches
of their business in the islands, are at the
Lick on their way home.
Michael Myers Shomaker of Cincinnati
returned from Manila on the Gaelic and
will be at the Palace for a few days. He
expressed himself in forcible terms as to
Aguinaldo's pretensions, and says that he
should be dealt with in a summary man
ner as he is unreliable and treacherous.
Mr. Shomaker said that while he was in
Manila hostilities with the insurgents had
not commenced, although there were two
alarms which frightened the people to a
considerable extent.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28.— E. M. Norris of
San Francisco is at the Cosmopolitan. W.
H. McCormick of San Francisco is at the
Marlborough.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— A. D. Thomas
of Los Angeles is at the St. James. Rep
resentative-elect Metcalf of Oakland is
expected to arrive In Washington before
the adjournment' of Congress.
JUDGE COFFEY ACCUSED
OF BEING PREJUDICED
TROUBLE OVER THE ESTATE
OF JTTLIA MORAGHAN.
Transfer of Probate Proceedings Is
Sought but Promptly Denied
by Judge Daingerfield.
An affidavit, accompanying a motion to
transfer probate proceedings in the estate
of the late Julia H. Moraghan from Judge
Coffey's department of the Superior Court
to Judge Troutts, was filed yesterday be
fore Judge Daingerfield, and in the affi
davit the first named jurist is charged
with unfairness and partiality. The trou
ble is the culmination of a division of the
Moraghan family, two of the children of
the deceased. Elsie and James, dissent
ing over the right to general letters of ad
ministration.
On the 6th ult. Elsie Moraghan applied
to Judge Coffey tor letters of administra
tnon. At that time James was out of the
city, but upon his return he also filed ap
plication for letters of administration.
His attorneys got his application assigned
to Department 10, and as this divided mat
ters they appeared before Judge Dainger
field yesterday and asked that the entire
matter be placed in the hands of Judge
Troutt. . .
In support of the motion for a transfer
an affidavit was read setting forth that
James could not hope to receive an un
biased hearing before Judge Coffey.
James Moraghan had known Judge Cof
fev for two years, it was stated, and they
were not on the best of terms Further
more during the settlement of the M. B.
Moragh'an estate. Judge Coffey is accused
of having said of James Moraghan:
"Charles seems to be always working
industriously, while James seems to be
industriously doing nothing."
On these grounds the transfer was asked,
but promptly denied. Consequently the
matter will be heard by Judge Coffey,
SAi"S HE WAS ROBBED.
H. Miller Sues Cafe Boyal Proprietors
for jJamages.
H. Miller, business unknown, filed suit
yesterday against the proprietors of the
Cafe Royal to recover $5000 damages for
being ridiculed, he alleges, after having
been robbed by defendants' servants.
Miller avers that on January 12 last,
while he was in the resort, Al Hornlefn,
manager of the clubrooms, and Special
Officer Shields violently assaulted an 1
robbed him, taking from his person $44.
He says that Hornlein subsequently re
turned $21, but no more, and since that
time he has been vexed, humiliated and
annoyed. Hence the suit.
A Chance for Liberty.
Robert L. Hill was convicted of murder
in the second degree foe killing Theodore
R. Parvin. The two men quarreled over a
piece of land and Hillstruck his adversary
on the head with a stick. He was con
victed in the. Superior Court of Orange
County, and an appeal was taken. The
Supremp Court reversed the judgment be
cause of the errors committed by the
lower court admitting certain testimony..
WORLEY TRIED
TO FRIGHTEN
TWO OFFICIALS
Accused an Official
Stenographer.
ATTORNEY WAS REBUKED
HEACOCK DID NOT BELIEVE
HIM UNDER OATH.
Scathing Roast by the United States
Commissioner of a Lawyer Who
Tried to Land a China
man Illegally.
Attorney Alfred S. Worley madr an un
seemly exhibition of himself yesterday
morninK in United States Commissioner
Heaooc-k's court room and in the corridor
outside after a case had been decided
against him.
Mr. Worley" Is a young man, a fault
easily mended in time, and he has a very
violent temper. In the words of the
sporting fraternity he is not a "good
loser." In the same dialect he doesn't
know when he is "up against it."
His latest venture in the field of law
has been the advocacy of the admission
of Chinamen who claim to be native
born Californians, and therefore eligible
to the office of President of the United
States. Last December, the exact date
being the 7th., the Chinese Bureau re
fused permission to one of his clients to
land. When Worley was informed of the
decision he frothed at the mouth and in
the sacred preceincts of the Chinese Bu
reau, where he had no right to be, he
accused Inspector Gardiner of having
perjured himself as an interpreter ami
challenged him to step outside into the
corridor and fight. Dr. Gardiner, being
a minister of the Gospel, declined tha
challenge and paid no further attention
to the fool challenger.
Yesterday Worley swore in United
States Commissioner Heacock's court
that Walter D. Hoyt, the official sten
ographic reporter of the bureau, had per
jured himself when he testified that his
notes and his transcript thereof were cor
rect on a very material point.
Mr. Hoyt took the stand and swore that
his notes and transcript were correct.
Rev. Dr. John Endlcott Gardiner corrob
orated-Mr. Hoyi's testimony and declared
that the perjury, if any, lay with Mr.
Worley. Worley then introduced a cross
eyed Chinese barber — name unpronounce
able and therefore immaterial— who
swore that Wong Si Fun had testified be
fore the Chinese Bureau that Worley's
client lived in a house on a level terrace
of a Chinese village built on a hill.
Judge Heacock asked the witness from
the transcript of testimony all the ques
tions asked, and all the answers were
given by Wong Si Fun at the bureau ex
amination. The cross-eyed barber proved
to be a hoodoo for Worley, for he swore
that all he remembered of the testimony
was that Fun had testified that the vil
lage was on a hillside on a level lane.
Judge Heacock, in rendering his decision
remanding Mr. Worley's doubly unfortu
nate client for deportation, said that Yea
Hooey Hook, his witness, had been "in
jected" into the case; that he was clearly
a perjurer and tnat the Commissioner at
tached no credence whatever to bis testi
mony. The court regretted to announce
that he did not believe Mr. Worley's testi
mony under oath.
At this stage of the proceedings Worley
seized his hat and was granted permission
to withdraw from thp room, which he did,
the action being regardpd by the spec
tators as eminently disrespectful.
Judge Heacock said that Stenographer
Hoyt and Dr. Gardiner were public offi
cials, disinterested and faithful in the
performance of their duties, and that he
would believe -them 365 days in the year—
or words to that effect— in preference to
AVorley. who was working for a fee.
Worley remained outside the corridor
waiting for Gardiner, Hoyt and Lynch.
When Hoyt made bis appearance Worley
began to 'abuse him. charging him with
having committed perjury. Hoyt laughed
at him and did not notice him sufficiently
to reply. Then the vials of the baffled
I attorney's wrath were turned upon Dr.
Gardiner.
"I know that man's record, he shouted,
"and I'll expose it. He testified . falsely,
and so did Hoyt."
United States Attorney Foote laid his
hand upon Worley's shoulder.
"Mr Worley. I am a friend of yours,
said Judge Foot?, "and I want to give
you a piece of advice. Don't make a fool
of yourself. I want to warn you that the
attempt to intimidate a tedoral official
is a crime and that you will get into
trouble if you persist."
Worley walked away, followed b> the
hoots and jeers of the bystanders.
I ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE PESTHOUSE-M. E. P., City. For
permission to visit the Festhouse make
application at the HejUth Office.
NWAL DOCK AT SAMOA— A, O. 8.,
City The contract for building the naval
dock at Samoa has not yet been let.
LIGHTHOUSE KEEPERS -P. S. A..
r\t'v Between the Ist of August. IS9S.
xVv,flO=Vhnf February 1899, there have
ers in class A and three in class B.
TttFATY OF PEACE— J. N., City. The
treaty of peace between Spain and the
THE ATLIN DISTRICT-A. S.. City.
The law in regard to foreigners taking up
claims in the Atlin district is to the effect
that after the passage of the law no one
who is not a British subject shall be per
mitted to take up claims in the district,
hut it does not affect those who prior to
the passage of the law had taken up
claims.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s) 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IQ4Z •
Testing a lamp burning olive oil under
various atmospheric pressures, rofessor
Benedicenti has proven that combustion
iT as complete in the rarefied air at the
lummlt of a mountain 20,000 feet high as
;"' VAvel but that it becomes considerably
slower as the height Is increased.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
California Limited,
Santa Fe Route. Le&VM Sundays, Tuesdays
and Fridays. Elegant service. Vestibuled
sleepers, observation cars. Harvey's . Dining
Cars through from California to Chicago with
out change. Get full particulars at company*
office. 62K Market st. *
HOTEL DEL COKONADO— Take advantage
pf the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, J3 per day. Apply at i New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES SICt3
headache. Indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion or
money refunded. At Owl Drug Co..
Beautiful hair Is always pleasing, and Par
ker's Hair Balsam excels in producing It.
Hlndercorns, the best cure lor corns, 100.MAIL STEAMERS
FROM HAWAII
AND ORIENT
Australia and Gaelic
Reach Port.
WHO HAS HOOVER'S PIGEON ?
CAPTAIN OF THE J. C. PFLTJGER
LOSES A CARRIER.
Breakdown on. the River Steamer
Captain WeDer — Mishap Occurs
at a Launching — Two Run
ners Nearly Drowned.
Two mall steamers arrived in port yes
terday, the Gaelic from the Orient and
the Australia from Hawaii. The former
encountered heavy weather from the time
she left Yokohama, while the Australia
ran into a northeast gale as soon as she
left Honolulu and carried it with her un
til port was nearly reached.
The Gaelic brought up a very large
cargo, in which were 475 boxes of opium.
She had forty-one cabin, nine second
cabin and fourteen Japanese and ninety
four Chinese steerage passengers.
The battle ship Oregon left Honolulu
for Manila on February 20. She was ac
companied by the refrigerating steamer
Iris. The collier Scindia will come to San
Francisco as soon as her boilers can be
fixed up to make the voyage practicable.
It will be remembered that while on the
way from Callao to Honolulu the crown
sheets of the collier's boilers gave out,
which necessitates her coming to San
Francisco for an overhauling instead ol
accompanying the Oregon to Manila.
A peculiar mishap occurred at an at
tempted launching in Kobe, Japan, the
other day. "It was one of the most ex
asperating things I ever heard of," said
one of the officers of the Gaelic yester
day. "The steamer Taigen Maru had
been completed at the Kobe shipyard and
was all ready for launching. A big party
of invited guests were present and en
joyed an elaborate luncheon provided by
the builders of the vessel. Speeches were
made, wine flowed and everybody had a
good time. Then the guests went out on
the platform to witness the launching.
"The bottle of wine was broken and the
vessel duly named as the shores were
knocked away, but the Taigen Maru re
fused to move. While the guests were
enjoying the banquet, the grease on the
ways had frozen and the steamer wa*
held as though in a vise. The day we
left Yokohama another attempt wad made
to launch her."
Tht^ Australia brought from Honolulu
forty-seven cabin passengers anil seventy
two in the steerage, of which thirty
eighl were convalescing soldiers and six
discharged soldiers. Head winds wer»
mtered all the way up.
Captain Hoover of the German bark J.
C. Pfluger is bewailing the loss of a car
rier pigeon that was the net of every
body aboard. The bird had quite a his
tory, and the captain was in hopes that
he might takr- it hark to i Europe with
him. The Pfluger left Bremen for Ho
nolulu on June 30, 1898. When a fort
night out and when the vessel was
Abreast of the English channel in lati
tude 48 degrees 25 minutes north, longi
tude 7 degrees 54 minutes west, the pigeon
came aboard in a storm. It was tir^d
and made no effort to escape, so Captain
Hoover took it to the cabin and gave it
into the care of his wife. There were
other pigeons aboard and during the voy«.
age the carripr became very friendly with
them. After crossing the equator it T>f
fan to molt, and when its wing feathers
rapped out Captain Hoover noticed that
two of them were Ftamped with indeli
ble ink. On one was "156 U. T." and what
looked likp "Maguile," while on the other
was "ol H" and what looked like "Or
mand." These two feathers are all that
'Captain Hoover now has to show for the
pigeon.
At Honolulu the carrier was admired
by everybody who saw it, and when the
Pfluger arrived here and went to the
Fugar refinery a number of pigeon fan
marlo the journey to South San
Francisco in order to get a look at the
bird. A few days ago the pigf-on disap
peared. It was strutting around the deck
with i's plebeian companions when the
crf-w went to dinner. On their return the
carrier waa gone.
The river sfamer Captain "Weber broke
down on her Monday night run to Stock
ton, and it will take over a month to get
her ready to go back on the route again.
In the meantime the Union Transporta
tion Company will have to get along the
bc^t way it can with the Dauntless alone.
The Captain Weber left Cla.y street wharf
at 5 p. m. for Stockton with 160 passen
gers aboard. Shortly after passing The
Brothers her shaft broke, and she had
to be anchored. The breaking of the shaft
1 a great shock, and some of the
passengers thought the vessel had run on
a rock. Half an hour later the California
Navigation and Improvement Company's
steamer Mary Garratt came along, and
the captain of the Weber blew a distress
signal. The Garratt went^alongslde the
disabled steamer, took her passengers off
and carried them to Stockton. Yesterday
morning the Dauntless on her down trip
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HUMOR CURE
For Ail Who Suffer From
Skin and Scalp
Humors.
To successfully treat torturing and disfigur-
ing humors of the blood, skin and scalp, with
loss of hair, requires a humor cure, and such
la CUTICURA RESOLVENT, greatest of blood,
purifiers and humor expelling remedies.
Cuticura Resolvent
Extends Its purifying influence by means of
the pores to the surface of the Ek/n. allaying,
irritation, inflammation, Itching and burning,
and soothing and healing external humors, be-
cause of its power to neutralize HUMOR
GERMS which float in the blood and circulat-
ing fluids. Hence Its success In the treatment
of distressing humors of the skin, scalp and
blood, With loss of hair, which fail ♦ be per-
manently cured by external remedies alone.
Cuticura Resolvent
Exert* a gentle but constant influence upon the
bowels, liver and kidneys, purifying the fluids
of these organs, and maintaining them in a
normal condition of health, thus removing a
common cause of yellow, mothy, greasy skin,
and more or less of pimples, blotches and
blackheads. _____
Cuticura Resolvent
Used on every occasion possible, with CUTI-
CURA (ointment) and CUTICURA SOAP, ex-
■ ternally, is the readiest ' means of insuring a
, speedy, permanent and economical cure, and
realizing that greatest of human blessings, "a'
skin without blemish and a body nourished
with pure blojd."
« * .. .._. .
Sold everywhere. Price, 50c and $1. Potter
D. & C. Corp., Solo Props., Boston. "How to
Cure Humor*," free.
SAVF Vftllfi SVl\ Hands and Hair by Us-
•3ATE lUtll OAln ti tig CUTICURA SOAP.
OFF FOR THE FROZEN NORTH.
mHE steam whaling fleet is now almost ready for another season in the Arctic. Some of the wind-jammers
1 sailed a month ago. Three of the steamers are now on the way and the others will make a start before the
week is out The Belvedere went into the stream yesterday and will take the remainder of her crew on board
to-day while the Pacific Steam Whaling Company's vessels, lying at the Arctic Oil Works, are ready for a
start. Last year the whalers brought home nearly a million dollars'worth of bone, and this year the men say
they will do equally as well.
picked the Weber up and towed her to the
seawall. A new shaft will be cast for
her and put in as quickly as possible.
The big collier Wyefteld goep on Hui.ters
Point drydock to-day. Considerable re
pairing will have to be done on her before
she goes back Into the Nanaimo trade.
Jack Hill and Robert Loss, two sailor
boarding-house men, nearly lost the num
ber of their mess on the bay yesterday.
They borrowed a Whitehall from Harry
Hansen to visit some frienus aboard the
steam whaler Belvedere. Off Folsom
street wharf they began quarreling, and
stood up in the boat to settle their dis
pute. Loss hit Hill a blow on the ear and
knocked him overboard. At the same time
he lost his balance and went overboard
himself. Hill was the first to get back
into the boat, and then he pulled Loss
aboard in the nick of time, as he was
completely exhausted and ready to sink.
The men then postponed their visit to the
Belvedere and rowed ashore.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and discussed the docking of the gov
ernment transports. Captain Howard was
present on behalf of Captain Long, U. S.
A., and asked for Folsom street wharf.
The Alaska Packers' Association and the
Alaska. Commercial Company have been
assigned the use of that structure, so the
Commissioners put the matter over until
next meeting day in order to see if the
companies named will not accept another
wharf and allow the government the use
of Folsom street. At present the trans
ports are using Folsom street wharf, and
ft is thought that there will be no trouble
in making arrangements to let them con
tinue doing so. Commissioners Colnon.
Harney and Herold are all in favor of
granting the privilege.
MONTGOMERY'S ESTATE.
Suit to Terminate the Trust and
Settle Accounts Filed.
A. W. Foster, as the surviving trustee
of W. F. Goad and A. W. Foster for Annie
A. Montgomery and Hazel G. Montgomery,
under the last will of Alexander Mont-
I gomery. deceased, and the decree of
final distribution, and Ella Goad Hooker,
as executrix of the last will of M. F.
Goad, have sued Annie A. and Hazel G.
Montgomery, Elizabeth A. and Arthur
Rodgers, to settle the account and ter
minate the trust in the matter of Alexan
der Montgomery's estate.
In the suit for the settlement of account
the defalcation of $1572 46 by and the flight
of J. A. Christie, private secretary of W.
F. Goad, is referred to, but the court is
prayed to adjudge that the estate of W.
F. Goad is in no way chargeable with the
shortage.
According to the account, the property
in the hands of the trustees exceeds $1,
--176,000 in value.
Charged With Forgery.
Charles Able, a salesman for the Tra
cey Engineering 1 Company, 151 Fremont
street, was arrested yesterday on two
charges of forgery. He Is accused of
sending in bogus orders and drawing
down his commission. Able denies the
charge and says he can produce docu
ments to prove his denial.
JLurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sty Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tut> Damn. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE CONQUERING OF
A CONQUERING HERO
® "T TERILT, the troubles of S. C. Rowley, turfman, sport and all-around ®
® 1/ £° o<i fe l low . are legion. It Is said that about three weeks ago Mr. ®
.-. y Rowley, by an unfortunate move, broke a looking-glass while the ®
w * moon was at its darkest. This was the beginning of trouble. ®
® That same night he went out. The story of what happened has already ®
® been told in these columns, but for the enlightenment of those who might ®
® not have read, or having read, fall to remember, let it be told briefly ®
® that Mr. Rowley went out the night of the breaking of the looking-glass ® '
® while the moon was yet dark and met a friend, A. H. Rowland. Mr. Row- ®
® land told Mr. Rowley that he had a friend with him that night, one Dolly ®
® Martin, and that they proposed to have one of those times which cause a ®
® man to wake up with a large brown taste in his mouth. ®
® Mr. Rowley at once felt lonesome. He had money, but no friend, and ®
® started out to find one. He was successful in his • search, and finally ®
® brought Into Rowland's room a Miss Kingston, two thirsts and several ®
® bottles of beer. There were drinks all around; then, according to Mr. Row- ®
® ley's story, all was a blank. The next morning he awoke with a thirst, a ®
® head and no money. He visited police headquarters, told his story to the ®
® Chief and procured a few warrants. ®
® Much to Mr. Rowley's discomfort, however, he learned that the mills of ®
® the gods grind slowly and the wheels of Justice in San Francisco slower ®
® yet, so, forgetting that looking-glass and the dark moon, he started out to ®
® take the law in his own hands. ®
® The start was made Monday night, at which time the moon was no ®
® longer dark. It was full and so was Mr. Rowley. He learned from ®
® friends that Mr. Rowland was in the Pabst cafe, keeping the bartenders ®
® busy. A crowd of sporting men and race track touts stood in the door- ®
® way watching the flitting forms of the airy fairies, and to these Mr. Row- ®
® ley told his troubles. He also made the statement that a grease spot would ®
® soon occupy the portion of the barroom floor occupied by Mr. Rowland, and ®
® with this announcement started In to conquer. ®
® Those who remained on the outside smelled a little sulphur, heard a ®
® crash, and rushed In to find the noble and valiant Rowley lying stiff and ®
® senseless on the floor. . ®
® This was the signal for a free fight, and then and there ensued a scrap ®
® that put the historic fight of the Kilkenny cats so far In the background ®
® that it will never be heard of again. Some one made the statement that ®
® Rowley had been kicked In the head, and .everybody joined in the melee. ®
® Tables, bottles and chairs were used as weapons, and there was many a ®
® bleeding face and black eye this morning to tell the tale. Two members of ®
® the police force were present, but no arrests were made. ®
® ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
CRIMSON CLOUDS
HANG OVER THE
POPULIST CAMP
Purifying the Purity
Committee.
SCATHING MAJORITY REPORT
GILLESPIE AND KINNE COME IN
FOR A SCORING.
They Are Accused of Disbursing the
Candidates' Money With
Lavish and Lawless
Hands.
Every day the war cloud hovering over
the local Populist encampment grows
blacker, and ever and anon a flash of
lightning shows along the edges of the
lowering mass. The parties at issue in
the turbulent company appear to be the
campaign and purity of elections commit
tees one one side and the rest of the camp
on the other. The commltteemen who
have incurred the ire of their political
brethren are George D. Gillespie, A. B.
Kinne. B. J. Pye, Henry Huppert and M.
Meakin. However, Gillespie and Kinne
came in for the major share of the party
reprobation.
The trouble in the ranks went merrily
on till Gillespie and his confreres demand
ed an investigation of their alleged politi
cal misdeeds. An Investigating commit
tee, consisting of G. A. Hubble, chairman,
George A. Clough'.Dr. W. N. Griswold,
Dr. J. A. Miller and Aaron Wasch, was
appointed. They soon brought in a
voluminous majority report, which, it is
claimed, was successfully sidetracked by
Gillesple et al. The report In question ar
raigns Gillespie, Kinne, Pye, Huppert and
Meakln of the Purity Committee with
having unauthorizedly disbursed the funds
of the party. It says in part:
"The balance of the $1894 collected, being
$1684 or thereabout, was paid out by the
members of the Purity Committee without
warrant and in violation of law, whenever
and fur whatever, and in such amounts as
served their plundering purposes. Their
own report states that from $1000 to $1500
was turned over by themselves
to themselves for salaries and
wages and pretended compensation
to the Voice of Labor and the Home
Printing Company. Mr. A. B. Klnne
rakoi in from $500 to $700 as compensation
for work that .should have cost the can
didates not more than $200, if, indeed. It
should have been ordered or was worth
anything to them. Mr. (iillespie raked off
$150 as two months' compensation for ser
vices, though the campaign lasted but one
month, and he was at the same time in
the open and avowed employ of the State
Executive Committee as Its secretary.
Messrs. Pye and Meakln. being of the
committee, were employed by the com
mittee at wages higher than wages hith
erto paid by the People's party, and Mr.
Huppert received a moderate salary for
holding the bag and permitting his con
freres unrestricted access thereto."
The report then calls attention to the
fact that such unauthorized disbursing of
the candidates' money is punishabk- by a.
fine not exceeding $1000, and by irniTi-
onment not exceeding live years, or by
both. It also states that under the Civil
Code of California a trustee must not
deal with trust property for his own
profit or for any other purpose not con
nected with the trust, and such trustee
must not use his positron to attain any
advantage from his beneficiary, and such
acts are frauds against the beneficiary of
the trust. Then the report continued:
'"According to the records and facts
known to ail, Mr. Kinne appeared Brat
as a member and chairman of the aud
iting committee, and therefore as trus
tee under the law for the candidates; sec
ond, as owner of the Voice of Labor; and
third, as owner or part owner of the
Home Printing Company. They show
that, as a trustee, Mr. Kinne, by con
tracting with himself at one time as own
er of the Voice of Labor, and at
another time as owner of the Home
Printing plant, by charging prices great
ly in excess of prices usually charged for
like work, by printing and publishing
matter, which, owing to the limited cir
culation of the Voice of Labor, could be
of little or no use in promoting the elec
tion of the candidates of the Peo
ple's party, by inaugurating Pouti
cal expenditures chiefly in his line or
business which, by any disinterested par
ty of sound mind, would have been en
tirely rejected or. greatly decreased m
extent and amount— by these means c.d
•use and deal with the trust property for
his own profit'; did take part in trans
actions concerning the trust ('with an in
terest adverse to that of his genencia
ries')- 'did use the influence which his po
sition gave him to obtain advantage
of his beneficiaries. Mr. ivinne is mere
fore under the law propeny chargeable
with fraud against the beneficiaries of
the trust whicn he had undertaken.
"The law also holds some v if not all the
other members of the auditing commit
tee for the fraud, because they confut
ed to the wrongful acts of their co-trua-
••The conspiracy furthermore entered
into the invention of what was known us
the caucus committee,, which met every
evening during the sitting of the conven
tion. Its duties were to slate the candi
dates to be nominated at the night meet
ing- of the convention. It afforded an ad
ditional opportunity for work-on the anx
ieties and pockets of candidates, which
rumor alleges was profitably improved.
Through this committee a guarantee or
nomination could be given to candidates
for a proper consideration.
"Thus these busy bees in the political
hive of the People's party went in and
out and out and in from one commutes to
another, arranging the action of the con
vention, determining the measures of in©
campaign and turning the tides of honey
into their own little buckets.
"The campaign ended, this same ban 2
of conspirators undertook to cover up Its
past doings and prepare for future politi
cal work by an organization of the coun
ty Committee, with themselves in the
controlling offices thereof.
"As members -of the candidate and pur
ity committees, these men raked in the
money, and as members of the auditing
purity committee they stood by :t until
the last dollar was gone.
"That an attempt was made by the con
spirators to secure exclusive control of
the twenty-two or twenty-three hundred
dollars and to set aside and contrary to
law to usurp the superintending and di
recting functions of the executive cam
paign committee is evidenced by a vague I
motion introduced by Mr. Gillespie Oc
tober 14. as follows: 'The purity of elec
tion committee be empowered to arrange
for halls and other expenses during the
campaign." As the law expressly deftnos
the duties of the auditing committee on
one hand and the executive campaign
committee on the other, and their proper
relations, such a resolution, however dis
tinctly it might have been expressed,
could afford no proper pretext whatever
for the almost complete usurpation of
powers that followed.
"Mr. Kinne nominated a comparatively
unknown member of the party, supposedly
controllable by the gang, as chairman.
Mr. Huppert was nominated by Gllle.s
ple as financial secretary. Mr. W'asch,
a faithful adherent of this com
bine to the last, nominated Mr. Pye
as recording secretary. Messrs. Gillespie
and Kinne held back for themselves re
spectively the chairmanship and secre
taryship of the to-be-elected executive
committee. The two committees thus
manned, it was probably thought would
form a solid bulwark against an possible
investigation of political acts which were
known to be both' criminal and fraudu
lent."
Barney Ward Arraigned.
Barney Ward, ex-secretary of the Ma
rine Fireman's Union, was arraigned be
fore Judge Graham yesterday on five
charges of embezzlement. The cases were
continued till March I
A POLICEMAN
USES HIS CLUB
UPON A WOMAN
Charge Made Against
P. A. McNamara.
MOTHER AND SON STRUCK
RESULT OF A FRACAS IN A LODG
ING-HOUSE.
The Case Heard in Court and the Po
lice Commissioners Will Be
Asked to Investi
gate.
The Police Commissioners may be asked
to Investigate the conduct of Policeman
P. A. McNamara in connection with the
arrest of August Molrath, son of the
keeper of a lodging house at 609 Howard
street, and Thorn ton Morris, a sailor, early
on the morning of February 21. Molrath
was charged with interfering with an of
ficer, and Morris with disturbing the
peace.
The case against Morris was disposed
of the following day, but it was not till
yesterday that Molrath's case came up
for hearing before acting Police Judge
Groezinger. McNamara testified that he
heard a disturbance in the house and the
breaking of glasses, and when he went
Inside he found Morris, drunk and rais
ing a row. He placed him under arrest,
whereupon young Molrath attempted to
take Morris out of McNamara's clutches
and he was also arrested for interfering
with an officer. Policeman J. Donovan
corroborated McNamara's testimony.
The testimony for the defense was to
the effect that the disturbance had taken
place five hours before the officers en
tered the house, and when they came In
Morris and young Molrath were shaking
dice. McNamara asked Morris if he was
getting robbed, casting a reflection upon
the proprietor, and then placed Morris
under arrest. Young Molrath protested
and McNamara struck him a violent blow
on the head with his club, knocking him
down. Mrs. Augustine Molrath the
young man's mother, then interfered and
she was hit in the eye with the end of
the club. She had been confined to bed
since and two doctors had been attend
ing her. She was able to come to court,
but after giving her evidence was so weak
that she had to be carried out of court
and placed in a hack.
Judge Groezinger continued the case un.
til to-morrow, as there are other wit
nesses to be heard. Attorney Bert Schles
inger who represented the defendant, in
timated that he would file charges against
McNamara before the Police Commission
ers. ___^___«— — — —
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address New \ork. •
Nickel-in-the-Slot Machines.
The police have again started in to raid
the saloons for nickel-In-the-slot ma
rhines. and yesterday nine were taken- to
the City Prison. Green Brothers. 13
Powell Street; F. Herbert. 120 Powe I
street" P. Eller, 104 O'Farrell
street; Ge^eus & Sheridan. 7 Stockton
street J. L Patnaude. O'Farrell and Tay
lor streets: E. L. McGarrltty. California
and Kearny streets, and Albert H. Paul
son. Bush and Kearny streets were ar
rested by Policemen Riley and Harrell
and released on bail.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PECULIAR poisons.
' GENERATED IN THE HUMAN BODY.
■ . . .
i The Result of Imperfect Digestion of
Food.
Every living thing, plant or animal, con-
tains within itself the germs of certain
decay and death.
In the human body these germs of
I death (called by scientists Ptomaines) are
usually, the result of imperfect digestion
of food, the result of indigestion or dys-
pepsia.
The stomach, from abuse, weakens,
• does not promptly and thoroughly digest
the food. The result is a heavy, sodden
mass, which ferments (the first process of
I decay), poisoning the blood, making it
thin, weak and 'lacking in red corpus-
cles, poisoning the brain, causing head-
! aches, pain in the eyes.
Bad digestion weakens the heart, caus-
ing palpitation and" finally bringing on
disease of this very important organ.
Poor digestion poisons the kidneys,
causing Bright's disease and diabetes.
And this is so because every organ,
every nerve, depends upon the stomach
alone for nourishment and renewal, and
weak digestion shows itself not only in
loss of appetite and flesh, but hi weak
nerves and muddy complexion. .
The great English scientist, Huxley,
said the best start in life is a sound
stomach. Weak stomachs fail to digest
food properly, because they lack the
proper quantity of digestive acids (lactic
and hydrochloric), and peptogenic prod-
ucts. The most sensible remedy in all
cases of indigestion is to take after each
meal one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, because they supply in a pleas-
ant, harmless form all the elements that
weak stomachs lack.
The regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any form of stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
They increase flesh, insure pure blood,
strong nerves, bright eyes and clear com-
plexion, because all these result only from
wholesome food well digested.
Nearly all druggists sell Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets at 50 cents full-sized
packages, or by mail by Inclosing price to
Stuart Company, Marshall, Mich., but ask
your drupeist first. A little book on stom-
ach diseases mailed free. Address Stuart
Company, Marshall, Mich.
■ \^^&c§l^lt^^', Doctor
Jgjp^ll M EYERS
fW *^sSifi§\ Specialists for Men
dffl* Wj£§|sJSj^«SfA T]i!-sei*j-»lc!»nih»veb»en
f\~ RSi curing irrakneu and eon-
\^ f«» . V§ traet»d ailments ilnc* 1881. '
"i* W« lj 'Arltjf^ Tb^J h»vo the l»r«e»t »nd
2w@ \. SSIMW sAruyi^ Unfortunate n>tn who c»q-
COT/ \.~ v^aalafiwJttEa not call should writ* for ad-
CSTABL.SHCD ' 7 V "«- Tho^cES™*™*
Ail letter* confidential. No Charge for Consultation. -
731 siyrßAyosco }«-«-»*""■■
DDTTCXJI7C! FOR BARBERS. BAK-
ijrlU ■JllljO era. bootblacks, bath-
**•*•"■ w - houses, . billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers flourmllls. • foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
' ■tablemen tnr-mofers. tanners, tailors, etc. ■
/BUCHANAN BROS.. .
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 3t
Use /*""% se
Woodbury's fcf 6^ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, j^y Facial Cream.
Speedily cures chapping-, chafing and all skin
irritations, prevents wrinkles, blackheads ; and
pimples. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book, and
receive sample of each free. JOHN H. WOOD-
BURY. 26 W. 23d St.. New York, and 163 State
, st., , Chicago. - . , ' • •■ •" • "? --■■•:; : ; -
■ __■ ADVEBTISEMENTB. • ",'
HEALTH and beauty are the glories of perfect woman-
hood.
Women who suffer constantly with weakness peculiar
to their sex cannot retain their beauty. Preservation of
pretty features and rounded form is . ■
a duty women owe to themselves.
The mark of excessive monthly suf- THE
ering is a familiar one in the faces of m*mk g% & '
young American women. $%s%*& OF
Don't wait, young women, until _-_,_._,___--,_-, ■■ ■■■ tm
your good looks are gone past recall. SUFFERING
Consult Mrs. Pinkham at the out- J m ____
start. Write to her at Lynn, Mass. ,
Miss Edna Ellis, Higginsport, Ohio, writes: ' "Dear Mrs.
Pinkham— l am a school teacher and had suffered untold agony
during my menstrual periods for ten years. My nervous sys-
tem was almost a wreck. I suffered with pain in my side and
l--—---— -—-—-———-- — | had almost every ill human flesh is
1 jojijja^MJMJljViJfffflnit' heir to. I had taken treatment from a
number of physicians who gave me
tj^jOs^ip^j $m jf&> me> * must submit to
■R-^>^ll§9^^ /PT^ ■■ ceived a prompt
//^Vwf/ iff I v*^EJLr the advice yen
f \ *J- / / ' 1 1 I . Y^^S^-L me and now I
1 /'// VV during menses.
IfjggEEigi I " ' IIV anyone cares
|fl| I */^ / ■• " about my case, I
B' \ \ / A will cheerfully answer all
• I / \ / Miss Kate Cook, 1 6 Ad-
dison St., Mt. Jackson, Ind., writes: "Dear Mrs. Pinkham—
I am by occupation a school teacher, and for a long while suf-
fered with painful menstruation and nervousness. I have re-
ceived more benefit from Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound than from all remedies that I have ever tried."
• ' i
Do You Need a
m jT^W "^l**^ >_i .-^T j__T ' •
Wl Si ra hi la mfl t^ #i%_3^7 • «ii"lL"j' l lil
Tonic?-^
™L jfc IX™**^^' " <NI ° fOR BODY AND BRAI*
immediate lasS efficacious agreeable
immediate lastinc efficacious agreeable
Sold at All Druggists Everywhere Avoid Substitutes
■ . ==- —
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA.^
LAST PERFORMANCE SATURDAY NIGHT.
Wilson Barret's Great Drama,
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS.
Presented by William Greet' London Com-
pany, Including CHARLES DALTON.
EXTRA — NEXT MONDAY.
seats Blanche Walsh,
sale Melbourne Macdowell
TQ. In Fanny Davenport's Production
MORROW- I T rr ofSardou i ,
i La Tosca— Fedora.
California Thi oXr k
{• REQUEST ENGAGEMENT. ;
The young American Tragedienne,
NANCE
O'NEIL,
Adequately Supported.
To-Night— "INGOMAR."
Thursday "MAGDA"
Friday.... ..: "THE JEWESS"
Saturday Matinee : "CAMILLE"
Saturday Evening '. . . "OLIVER TWIST"
Sunday THE NEW "EAST LYNNB"
ALHAMBRA T "o R y ;
FIVE POPULAR CONCERTS!
FRIDAY EYE., SAT. MAT. and EVE.,
SUN. MAT. and EVE.
March 3, 4, 6.
SOUSA. 0
Seats now on sale at <"^ragS)^'
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. "**
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
Under the management of Holden, Mac Do-
nald & Kilgo. • .■-:..■
Commencing MONDAY EVENING next, March
8. First production in this city of the
patriotic naval drama.
DEWEY
THE HERO OF MANILA
First appearance of our NEW YORK STOCK
COMPANY. .
Consisting: of Lav/a AJberta. Florence Ross-
land. De Witt Clinton, Joseph L. Tracy. Thom-
as T. Doyle, Charles W. Swain and numerous
others.
A SUPERB PRODUCTION.
Prices of admission. 10c, 15c and 25c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Box office open Thursday. '
...OLYMPIAN |
Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
NEW SENSATIONAL EASTERN ATTRAC-
TIONS.
The Celebrated Comedians,
SHERMAN and MORRISEY
In a Whirlwind of Acrobatic Comedy.
■ The . Great European Novelty,
THE ONLY L YN WOOD
World's Contortion Wonder.
....QVCftITA VINCENT....
The . Popular ■ Singer and Dancer. '
AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS.
ADMISSION FREE. , MATINEE SUNDAY.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year |
AMUSEMENTS.
IKVF
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.). MARCH 1. .
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
New York's Latest Comedy Hit,
CORA TANNER AND LOUIS MASSEN
In "MY HUSBAND'S MODEL."
EDDY FAMILY, European Acrobats.
THE HULINES, Musical Grotesques.
J. K. MURRAY AND CLARA LANE.
In New Repertoire of Operatic Selections.
LEW BLOOM AND JAN! COOPER. In "X
Picture From Life."
Last Week of EDITH CRASKE. P. C.
SHORTIS AND DE HAVEN AND MAIE.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY AND
■ SUNDAY. .
ALCAZAR JHEATER.
' LAST WEEK OF
The Foremost Play of Indian War, I
THE GIRL
I LEFT *
BEHIND ME
By David Belaaco and Franklyn F-yles.
PRICES ..--.. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week— Laughing Farce,
A MAN WITH A PAST.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST NIGHTS
OF THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON!
The Fantastic Comic Opera,
MADELEINE,
Or, THE MAGIC KISS.
Matinee Saturday at 2.
■:V'B: ' NEXT WEEK
THE MYTHOLOGICAL WORK.
"1~/\ BELLE HELENE"
(BEAUTIFUL HELEN.)
Offenbach's choicest opera. ■
Popular Prices too and 50a
N. B.— A reserved neat for the matlnoe. 25c.
Our Telephone. Bush 9. -^
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Morosco Amusement Co.. Inc Lessee
SALE OF SEASON TICKETS
AND BOXES
FOR TEE SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF ■ *
GRAND OPERA
NOW IN PROGRESS at SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.'S.'
Prices of Seats, $50. $40. $30. $20, According to
• Location.
Repertoire, first week— Monday, "Faust,"
Melba: Tuesday, "Alda," Gadski; Wednesday,
"La Boheme." Melba and De LusFan; Thurs-
day, "Carmen," De Lussan and Gadski; Fri-
day. "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "I Pagliaccl."
Gadski and Challa: Saturday matinee. "Bar-
ber of Seville." Melba. .
CONCERTS AND .RESORTS.
TO-MORROW -AMATEUR NIGHT.
AMATEUR BALLET
AMATEUR PREMIERE. secundas and
CORYPHEES!
See the LIVING OSSIFIED MAN
AUSTRALIAN IGUANAS in the ZOO!
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children. 5c
23,897 TICKETS SOLD IN 6 DAYS.
- Enormous Success of the
STEEPLECHASE
AT CENTRAL PARK.
The Greatest Novelty Ever Invented. Special
Attractions Added Weekly. Ascensions by
VOSMER. the Balloonist. Dally. Punchinello
Marlettes for the Children. World-Renowned
ANIMATOSCOPE Views. Moving Stairs. Eloq-
trlcal Theater. Band Concerts. Etc.
Admission Only 10c. Including "HorM» f .
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat dull and weak.
Decline in -Barley futures.
Oats rule Urn-..
Corn and Rye dull.
Flour unchanged.
Hay still lower.
Bran and Middlings very firm.
Potatoes and Onions about tae sami
Vegetables weaker.
Liberal receipts of Poultry.
Quail and Duck season closed.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Eggs keep up.
Fresh fruit about as before.
Dried fruit quiet.
Honey steady and Kuts firm.
Provisions in fair demand.
Wool, Hops and Hides quiet.
Beef shows more steadiness.
Mutton weak and Lamb firm.
Veal and Pork strong.
Grain Bags nominal.
Xo change in Oils.
Bank clearings gain In February.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings in February were $63,- ,
CC2..-.T6, against $60,062,611 for February. W99.
Thus far this year they amount to $130,396,0<n,
against $126,519,185 for the came time in 18»s.
THE ADVANCE IX TIN.
Dealers Predict a Rise of More Than 20 Per
Cent in Canned Goods.
The New York Commercial says: "Leading
dealers in canned goods when Interviewed on
the subject of the probable effect upon the trade
of the recent advance in the price of tin ex- j
press the opinion that the goods already
packed will not be affected.
"Regarding the effect upon future business."
Raid one prominent dealer, "there can be no
doubt that the increased cost of tin will en
hance the value of the manufactured article, j
and so add to the cost of the various products, i
The advance will amount to more than 20 per )
cent and I understandthat some, manufacturers i
of tin cans have been obliged to pay as much :
already. Some people have confused the re- [
cent advance in the prices of sardines due to ;
.a natural and healthy condition of the market |
with the rapid rise in tin. It has nothing to
do with it. nor do I believe the increased firm
ness of the other canned goods can !>•■ traced to
the higher prices of raw tin. There may be !
some truth in the statement, however, that
stocks of tin cans already manufactured are
held at prices to correspond with the rise in
raw material.
"A !0 p«r cent advance coming all at once
naturally encourages all sorts of rumors, but
while the effect will be telt more or less by the |
packets, the consumer in the'end is the only j
one who pays it. I do not think there wjll be I
fewer canned goods packed, unless, which is
extremely unlikely, the supply of raw material
jives out entirely. The demand ftir canned ;
goods is increasing year by year, and a few \
cents additional to the cost of a can of goods
going to interfere materially with tho
consumption."
PACIFIC COAST VESSELS.
The Commercial News has Issued its regular
11st of vessels owned on the Pacific Coast and
in the Hawaiian Islands. It is in convenient !
■ rm and contains the description of over ;
raft from sloops and scows up to deep
water ships and steamers. For those interested j
Jn shipping it is a valuable publication.
The statement of tonnage for IS9B is as fol
lows: Tonnage removed from the 11st. 34,505;
to the Hat, 88,666. Net gain for 1898, 54,
--268 tons.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says of dried !
fruit nnd raisins: "Peaches have not been j
In as strong position for -years, if they were j
ever there before. The present lotal supply, I
BO far as is known, is not more than 20 per j
cent of last year's supply at this time. High
prices will cut down'^teonstiinption somewhat,
but probably not more than SO per cent. That
is. while consumption may be reduced one- |
half by unusually high prices, the supply has
decreased four-fifths, as compared with pre- j
vious years. It is considered that, though i
prices are '.cry high now, tney will go higher.
The reason given Is that people want peaches,
and there are no substitutes. They must have
-. or they must go without the variety
of fruit they want. Th* consequen'-e is that
while there will undoubtedly >>>• a mu^h j
smaller demand than usual, owing to the
higher range of values, the restriction of high |
wIU not be sufficient to prevent the
*al* of everything now known to exist in all
hands.
"Apricots are scarce, but probably there are j
larger supplies than there are of peaches, j
Cani.ers were enabled by a series of favorable
circumstances to secure the bulk of the crop. |
6b, while the dried apricot is at a premium,
the canned sort is as plentiful as usual. Quo
tations rule high on all desirable grades, and [
Show advancing tendency. Dealers anticipate
active demand, and a bare market when spring I
trade begins, which Is likely to occur shortly, j
"Prunes opened steady at previous figures,
and there was a moderate demand for medium
Sizes. Large sizes are eagerly sought, while
mediums are somewhat neglected. Buyers are i
being forced by circumstances to take them, j
but they demur as long as possible. There
are few left on the coast in any hands, though
buyers say they are having no difficulty in
Fitting all they want if they are willing to
pay the price.
"Raisins are unchanged. Demand is light;
supplies are ample for all probable require- i
ments. and trade is upon a narrow basis, with
no Indications or broadening."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian, Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 2S. 1899, 6p. m. ,
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last i
eeason and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last ;
Station— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 3.16 22.40 26.71 I
Red Bluff Trace 13.0S 12.07
Sacramento 0.04 7.59 8.55
fian Francisco Trace 7.77 7.32 I
Fresno 0.00 3.74 3.74
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 7.20 0.15 <
Los Angeles 0.00 2.92 4.30 '■
San Diego 0.00 3.71 3.18!
Tuma 0.00 1.34 1.23
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 49; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy and threatening In all
districts except Southern California. Rain has j
fallen as far south as San Francisco and east- i
ward to the Rocky Mountains. The rainfall :
has been very heavy in Southern Oregon and
along the northern California coast.
The pressure has fallen decidedly in all dis
tricts except in Southern California and Ari
zona.
Conditions are favorable for rain Wednesday,
extending south to the Tehachapl.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 1. 1839:
Northern California—Rain in northwest por
tion: showers in southeast portion Wednesday;
cooler in San Joaquln Valley; fresh southeast
wind.
Southern California—Partly cloudy and some- |
what threatening Wednesday, probably with I
■howen? In the mountains; fresh west wind.
Nevada—Rain or snow Wednesday; cooler.
Utah—Rain or snow Wednesday; cooler.
Arizona—Cloudy and threatening Wednesday,
trobably with rain turning to snow in the north |
portion.
Pan Francisco and vicinity—Rain Wednesday; j
fresh to brisk southwest wind. 1
G. H. WILLSON, Local. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NFTW YORK STOCK MARKET.
. - NEW YORK, Feb. 2S.— There were average
'declines to-day of. from 1 to 2 points among: the
leading stocks, including the railways, while
■In the case of Burlington there was an ex
treme decline of tv 2 The specialties although
showing considerable strength at one time
S marl? extreme declines from the highest that
.: "were generally large. In the early ' trading
■ there was small buying by London and inter
ests connected with the steel stocks and also
come purchases of Burlington. Realizing by
commission houses sent prices off. The mar-
Ket rallied and then declined attain on talk
of the possibility of tighter -call money and on
circulation of a rumor that the Americans had
•*unk a German cruiser at Manila. There was
a bright attack of specialties, stop-loss orders
being uncovered ana there was considerable
liquidation Prices picked up again when It
aS ( i ea^ h \ at no , BUch disturbing Manila
ad Ices had bwn received, but speculation un
settled aeain. with the renewal of pressure.
'Sugar, which showed early strength on reports
'Ot * * «7«»»«» n o'« rival company sold
off on denial. Two thln ( ;s which In a measure
would account for the weakness of the market
■were that London sold In , he afternoon the
stock purchased early and thct two of the
leading interests that had been prominent on
4 the bull side were said to be p«ct£Sly out of
I the market for the moment and let some of
the stocks with which they had been identified
shift lor themselves. Many million dollars of
American securities sold by London In pre
vious •weeks reached, New York In ,> IP nast few
days, but the agents of some foreign houses
. expressed the : opinion that shipments have
practically ceased |at least for the present
as sales for foreign account had' of late been
largely balanced by purchases.
General weakness marked the bond tradlnc
to-day, with active issues receding smartly
Total sales, 14.150.000. United States new fours
advanced 14 " nd the threes %In the bid price
The total sales of stocks to-day were sos 706
sharps including 10.260 Atchison. 83,4!.-, do pre
ferred. 3975 Central Pacific. 49,100 Burlln ton
EO2O Manhattan. 6365 Metropolitan. 27,250 Read-
Ing preferred.' sl7o Missouri Pacific," 4780 M k
and T prefe#ed, 59,760 Northern Pacific. 33,520
North American, 6600 Northern racific pre
ferred, 24.150 Ontario and Western. 10.->f Rock
Island, 44,545 Union Pacific. 17.140 St. Paul,
6656 Southern Pacific. 5600 Texas and Pacific.
8890 Union Pacific preferred. 36.895 Tobacco 33.
--900 Steel. 23.850 preferred; 4690 Consolidated Gas.
60.400 Brooklyn Transit. 7700 Pacific Mail, 23,945
Sugar. £300 T. C. and 1.,- 3440 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 22%>St L & S W 9%
Do prefd 62% I Do prefd 28
Baltimore <fc Ohio. ,1% St Paul 129%
Canada Pacific.... &»•% Do prefd :168%
Canada Southern.. 68 St P & Om 1 . 92
Cent Pac ......... 52% Do prefd 171
Ches & Ohio 27T«150 Pacific 36%
Chi & Alton 171 So Railway 12%
Chi B & Q 1414! Do prefd 45%
Chi & E 111 Texas & Pacific... 23%
Do prefd ........122 Union Pacific .... 47V*
Chi O W 16% Do prefd 79%
i Chi Ind & L 9% U P D & Q mi
Do prefd 44 Wabash 8%
! Chi & N W 147% Do prefd 22
: Do prefd 182 Wheel &L E 11%
! C C C & St 1,.... 57% Do prefd 33
Do prefd 97 Express Companies —
i Del & Hudson.... 112 Adams Ex .... 115
I Del L & W loS American Ex 140
] Den & Rio G 22% United States .... 65
Do prefd 73*4 Wells Fargo 123
| Erie new 14% I Miscellaneous—
j Do Ist prefd .... 39 A Cot Oil 34%
Ft Wayne 178" Do prefd 92
Gt Nor prefd 184 Amn Spirits' 12% |
1 Hocking Val 6 Do prefd 35%
I Illinois Cent 115 Am Tobacco IS6U
■ Lake Erie & W... lS%| Do prefd 143
Do prefd Cons Gas 212
Lake Shore 200 Com Cable Co 185
Louis & Nash 64% Col F & Iron 33' i i
Manhattan L 111% | 'Do prefd 95 j
i Met St Ry 242 Gen Electric 113
! Mich Cent 118 ' Haw Com! Co 74
Minn & St L 52% I Brooklyn R T 93 I
Do Ist prefd .... 99 Intnl Paper 58%
Mo Pacific 45% Do prefd 88
Mobile & Ohio 37> : Laclede Gas -'.2 1 -
Mo X & T 13* i bead 35%
Do prefd 39"* Do prefd 112*',
N J Central ...:.. 109% Fed Steel 51 3 -,
N V Central 136% Do prefd 88%
N V Chi & St L.. 14 Nat Lin Oil 5%
Do Ist prefd "... 65 Pacific Mall . . 50% i
Do 2d prefd . . . . S3 People's Gas : 113
Nor West IV Pullman Pal 158%
No Amer Co 9% silver Cert 59% i
No Pacific 52% Standard R & T.. 10V« I
Do prefd 79 Sugar .137%
; Ontario & W 2F. | Do prefd 114% |
[Or R & Nay 40 IT C & Iron 41. '
:Or Short Line 45 US Leather 6%
j Pac Coast Ist pfd. S9 Do prefd 7O'>
Do 2d prefd .... 64 US Rubber........ 52
i Plttsburg ISO Do prefd 116
1 Reading 224 West Union 94%
Do Ist prefd .... 62% Or Nay prefd .... 68
i R G V.' ...: 36 Pac Coast 4"!
Do prefd 75% Colo Southern 7> 4
Rock Island 118 Do Ist prefd 53
i St L & .S F 11 Do 2d prefd .... 21.
Do prefd 71
Do 2d prefd .... 37%
CLOSING BONDS.
(• s3s 107 N V Central 15t5. .117%
V S new 4s reg....125% N J C 5e US
Do coupon 12SH No Carolina 6s 130
3 S 4s Ul'Vi i Do 4s 104
Do coupon 1134 I No Pacific lsts 115
Do 2ds 99' I Do 3s 6SH
LI Ssb reg 112 Vi Do 4s 103
Do 6s coupon 112% N V C & St L 45. ..107%
District 3.65s IIS Nor & W6s 130%
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn cons... 14:5
Do B 108 ' Do deb os 122
Do c 100 lOr Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency 100 Or Nay 4s .'...101%
4.tchlson 4s .' 101% O S Line 6s tr 128%
Do adj 4s S3 OS Line 5s tr 1104
Can So 2ds 111% Reading 4s 88%
C & O 4%s 96 1 -; RG W lsts 94',
Chi Term 4s 95$ St. L & I M C 55. .111%
C & Ohio Ss HS%;St L & S F G 65. ..123%
C H & D 4%s 104»i St P Con 165
D & It G lets 108* St P C & P 15t5. ..121%
D&lt G4? 100% Do 5s 121
East Term lsts.... 104% i Stand R &■ T 65... 88
Erie Gen 4s 72 Term new set 35... 97%
F W & D Ist? tr.. 84% Tex Par L G 15t5. .114
Gen Elec us 115 1 Do res: 2ds 52
G H & SA Gs 109 ! Union Pac 4s 104"i
Do*2ds no UPd & g lsts... SS
H &TC 5s 109 Wabash Ist 5s 115
Do con 6s 110 i Do 2ds 96
lowa C lsts 109 W Shore 4s 112
La- new cons 4s 108 |Va Centuries S4
L& N Uni 45.. 95& Do deferred 7
Pac Con 6s 114 Wia Cent lsts •68%
M X & T 2ds 67%1C010 Southern 45... 54%
Do 4s 94%.
. MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 3". Ontario 5 7."
Crown Point 20;Oj>hir 110
Con Cal & Va 1 83 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 60 ; Quicksilver 75
Gould & Curry.... 40, Do preferred 600
Hale & Norcross.. 40 Sierra Nevada 1-40
Homestake 00 00 Standard 2 75
Iron Silver 76 Union Con i"5
Mexican 70 Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. :
Money— |Wis Central "... 1%
Tall loans 2<g3 Atch preferred .... 61%
Time loans 3{j4 ' Bonds-
Stocks— Atchison 4s 100
Atch Top &St Fe.. 22 New Eng 6s 114
Amer Sugar 138 Mining Shares-
Do preferred 114 Allouez Mln C 0.... 11
Bay Staj.e Gas 2% Atlantic .'32
Bell Tel 353 '■» Boston & Mont 356
Boston & A1bany.. 246% Butte & Boston 91%
Boston & Maine 174 Calumet & Hecla_.77s
Boston & L 87 Centennial 51%
Chi Bur & Q 14)% Franklin 23H
Fitchburg 113 Old Dominion 37" 3
Fed Steel 67% Ofsceola 92
Do preferred Qulney 165
Mexican Cent 6% Tamarack 220
Old Colony 201, Wolverine .: 43
Rubber •.. 52 Parrott - 42%
Union Pac 47% Humboldt 2%
West End 94 Adventure 15
Do preferred 112 Union Land 7%
Westing Eleo 50 Winona 17
Do preferred 63V* 1
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Feb. 2S.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says': The
markets here were idle and dull to-day. Ameri
cans were lifeless. London Is Inclined to sell
them, especially Atchisons. New York began
dull here arid finally bought slightly, especially
Northern Pacific and St. Paul. Coppers were
hard. Tlntog, 40; Anacondas, 9%; Utahs, 9;
Bostons. 2%. Money strong on the end of the
month demand.
CLOSE.
LONDON, Feb. 28!— Closing: Canadian Pa
cific, r .<Z*- : Northern Pacific preferred, 82 1 Union
Pacific preferred, 82%; Grand Trunk. 84.
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Feb. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.964 barrels; exports, 26,359. Steady but in
active. . : ;•
. WHEAT— Receipts. 137,700 bushels; exports,
68.261. Spot firm; No. 2 red,S6Vi®S7Vic f. o b.
afloat to arrive and spot. . Options opened
steady and by reason of light offerings, ap- I
prehensions over the crop outlook, (airly large
clearances and firm cables advanced moder- !
ately during the day. ■ Export trade was fairly
active, while foreign houses operated on both
sides. The close was firm at %@%c net ad
vance. March, 84Vi@84%c, closed S4%c; May,
77Ti}?7S : i4c, closed 78'« c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES^FIrm.
WOOL— Very firm.
METALS— The feature of the metal market
was a sudden .Jump of 50 to 75 points In pig-
Iron! due to a marked increase In demand and
stiffening of sellers' views. The other depart
ments were quiet. Tin eased off under a tem
porary withdrawal of buyers and more liberal
offerings. The foreign news averaged up pretty
much as expected. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, strong, with J9 75 bid
and $10 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with ?17 75 bid
and $1"? asked. . .
TlN— Quiet, with $24 bid and $24 25 asked.
LEAD— with $4 35 bid and $4 37%.
asked. The brokers' price for copper Is $13
and for lead $4 20.
SPELTER— with $6 25 bid and $6 50
asked. . .
COFFEE— Options closed steady. 5 points net
lower. Sales. 11.570 bags. Including: April,
$5 35: May. $5 40; July, $5 55: August,' $5 «5;
September, $5 70: October, $5 75; November
$5 SO; January. $0 95@6. Spot— Rio, easier. No.
7 Invoice, 6\c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild—
Quiet. Cordova, 8<314c. . .
SUGAR— Raw. steady. Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c. Refined— Steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 10.280 packages; steady.
Western creamery. 1C021C; Elglns, 21c; factory
12@13Vic
EGGS— Receipts, '. 3380 packages: market ex
cited and weak. Western, 26c; Southern. 15®
26c.
DRIED FRUITS. . (>.'■
NEW YORK, Feb. 28.— California dried
fruit: Peaches and apricots are very strong
other fruits about steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7@S^->
--prime wire tray. B*i@9c; choice, 9U'S9'/c :
fancy. 9%«10c. .
PRUNES— 4©IOc. :
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12.?14c: Moorpark. 13<ai7c
PEACHES— Unpeelefl. 9@llc; peeled, 25@2Sc. '
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.'
NEW YORK. Feb. 28.— Special cable and tele,
graphic advices to Bradstrcet's indicate the
following changes in the available supply of
grain last Saturday, as compared with the pre
ceding Saturday:
WHEAT— States and Canada. east cf
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 109,000 bushels
Liverpool Corn Trade News: Afloat for and
Including Europe, Increase, 400,000. Total sup
ply. Increase. 291.0C0.
CORN— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 736,000. .
OATS— United States and Canada, east of
Rocky Mountains, increase, 279,000.
Among the more Important decreases reported
to Bradstreet's and not given In the official
visible supply statement •. are those of 250 in 10
bushels 'at Northwestern Interior elevators
The aggregate stocks of wheat held at ■ !>..,,.,.;
land and Tacoma and Seattle increased 110,000
bushels last week. . ••-'." : : ~
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Feb. 28.— Predictions of a cold
wave fallowing the recent rains, and reports
from the country suggestive of serious dam
age to the winter plant, started wheat firm.
May opened unchanged at from 73?»c to 73»iig>
73=!4c. and' during the" first couple of hours'
trading was bid up to 74c. .' Bradstreet'B state
ment or tbe world's visible •bowed, an increase ,
THE SA^T FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
for the week of 291,000 bushels, compared with
2. 10,000 bushels decrease the same week of the
previous year. That modified 1 to a slight ex
| tent the bullishness engendered by the oilier
news. The Atlantic port clearances of wheat
and flour were, equal to 651,000 bushels. The
market continued firm, but 74c seemed a.n
Impassable barrier for May wheat. It butted
against those figures several times, but was
Bent staggering %c or so after each attack,
and at the close 73%<g'73%c was the current
price. - ... .
Diminishing receipts and their smallness as
compared with their movement at this time
last year strengthened corn. -May closed -) o o
higher. ...
A good cash demand and heavy covering by
shorts helped oats. May rose %j?%c. '>'■■-. iiK-
The execution of stop-loss orders by com
mission louses weakened provisions early.
Covering by . shorts at the decline brought
about a slight reaction. r The close wag 2%@50
lower all round.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article*— Open. ' High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May _. 73% 74 73% ' 73%
July ~. 71% 72% 71% 72
Corn No. 2—
May 36% 37% 86% " 37
September 87% 35% 37"i 38
Oats No. 2—
May 1.. 28 28% 28 ' 2SH
July 26% . 26% 26% 26%
i Mess Pork, per barrel-
May ...9 27% 9 37% 9 27% 935
July 950 9 52% 9 47% 950
■ Lard, per 100 pounds —
! May 535 5 37% 5 32% 5 37%
July 5 47% 5 47% 445 5 47%
September 5 57% 560 6 57% 660
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 470 4 77% 470 4 77%
July 4 S5 4 90 4 85 4 87%
| September 500 600 4 974 600
j Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
moderate demand and steady; No. 2 spring
wheat, 69@72c; No. 3 spring wheat, 65!&'71c; No.
I 2 red. 74c: No. 2 corn. 36»-ic: No. 2 oats. 27\c;
No. 2 white, 30V@31c; No. 3 white. 2S%@3OUc:
No. 2 rye. r>6c; No. 2 barley. 42@i!c; No. 1 flax
feed, $1 144il 18%; prime timothy seed, $2 45;
mess pork, per barrel, $9 20@9 25; lard, per 100
pounds. $5 20@5 22%; short ribs sides (loose).
$4 50®4 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $4 25@
4 37%; short clear sides (boxed), $4 95@5 05; |
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
;}H6_
i Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
' Flour.- barrels 21.000 18.000
j Wheat, bushels 70.000 63,000
j Corn, bushels 333,000 293.000
I Oats, bushels 411.000 ■ 284.000
Rye. bushels , 8.000 12.C00
Barley, bushels 50,000 25.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull anil easy; creameries. 14@21c;
dairies, 11%@17c. Eggs, weak and lower; fresh,
lS@23c. Cheese, firm: creams. 9*i@lo%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 114.310 30,805
Duluth •. 145.673
j Milwaukee 49,710 . 8,028
Chicago 69,750 62.603
Toledo 35.511 43,000
St. Louis 8.000 29.000 |
Detroit 15,315 6.125
Kansas City 33,000 20,000
Totals 471,269 193.566
Tidewater —
Boston 20,655
New York 137.600 f.5.261
Philadelphia 18.404 109.149 j
Baltimore 9,037 8.000 '
Galveston 16,000
I New Orleans 34.104 157.255 i
Totals .' 219.500 345.695 ,
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— ' March. May. July.
Opening 5 7% 5 7% 5 7% i
Closing 5 7% 5 SVi 5 7%!
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Feb. May-Aug. j
Opening 44 15 44 70 !
Closing 44 00- 44 So i
• Wheat-
Opening 21 75 21 25 ;
•Closing 2175 2120
CALIFORNIA CITRUS FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2R.— The Journal of Com
merce says: Notwithstanding the large arrivals I
of Sicily lemons during the past week or ten !
days, the fact that there had not been anything
received for a week previous and that Interior
buyers had been unable to get orders filled in ■
consequence of the blizzard and zero weather :
| during the first half of the month, had a stim- j
ulating influence when at last mild weather j
admitted of free shipments, and on all sales of '
j the week very good prices, by comparison with ;
! those obtained at the corresponding season in !
past years, were obtained. It Is stated on good
authority that in 1897, when the total receipts j
for the season to March 1 amounted to about i
I 560,000 boxes, prices at the end of February
ruled from about $1 to $2 at auction sales. In
the following year receipts for the season to
March 1 were in the neighborhood of 365.000 '
boxes, but in that year the West had a g0c..l ■
i supply of California lemons to draw upon to :
i make good the deficiency in receipts of Sicily I
| fruit. This year for the season to March 1 the i
prospects, according to the same authority, are j
[ that we will have a total of about 690.000 boxes, I
but there were no Californias to speak of. At I
this time last year prices at auction were In
the neighborhood of $1 7592 75, and recent auc
tion sales have been at a range of about %2 10@
1 70 as to quality.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
' CHICAGO. '
CHICAGO, Feb. 28.— Fancy cattle, *5 -«5@5 90;
choice steers, $5 35@5 70; medium steers, $4 65 |
<SA 96; beef steers, $3 Ss@4 60; stockers and
feeders, $3 Bo®4 7.".; cows and heifers. $•? 30® ;
| 4; bulls, $2 60@4 20; Western fed steers, $4 1543
I 5 70; Texas steers. $3 60S/.4 25; calves, $3 50® j
7 25. • •
HOGS— Fair to choice, $3 72%©3 85; packing
lots. $3 55@3 70; mixed, 13 55@3 77%: butchers.
%i 55<??3 86; lights, $3 Ds@3 90; pigs. $3 15@3 60.
SHEEP— lnferior to prime sheep, $2 75@4;
yearllags, $4 2«'?i4 6,"; lambs, $4(g5; largely at
$4 ro-6 4 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, .35,000; sheep, 15,
--000. '
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Feb. 28.— wool market here I
maintains a fairly steady tone and business
has bf.en brisk, the sales reported being ever
3,600,000 pounds, of which about 2,000,000 were
Territory, California and Oregon. Territory
Wools have a steady sale on about the. baMs
of 42@43c for fine medium and fine. The mar
ket for fleeces. is alow. Australian wools hold
steady with firm prices. Quotations:
' Territory woools — Montana, fine medium and
! fine, 12@15c; Bcoured, 42@43c; staple, 45@46c.
Utah, Wyoming, etc.— Fine medium and fine,
! 12i@15c: scoured. 40<ir42c; staple. 45@46c.
Australian,' scoured basis— Combing, super
fine, 70@720; do good, 66@6Sc; do average, C2@
I 65c.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28.— Cotton, quiet; mid
dling. 6 9-16 c.
• NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 2S.— Cotton, steady;
middling, 6c. . £
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
I PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 28.— Clearings, $285,
--158; balances, $75,083.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 28.— Eastern markets
were better to-day with Liverpool futures also
higher. Considering that what little has been
sold recently has brought figures In excess of
the export value, an advance or decline in the
foreign . market does not affect matters much
locally. Sixty cents was quoted for Walla
Walla, and buyers In the Palouse country paid
I equivalent to 61% cm Portland, but as a limited
amount only could be worked at that price the
figure would hardly do for an accurate quota
tion. Valley Is nominally 600 and Blue Stem
62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Feb. 28.— Club, 5Sc;
Blue Stem, 61@62c. , -
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Feb: 28.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27% d) French, rentes, 103f 17% d; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
i quiet and steady; English country markets,
! quiet.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 28— Wheat, firm; wheat
; In Paris, steady; flour In Paris, dull; French
I country markets, weak; weather In England,
cool. ' ■ ,;. .-- :. i." . : V;
COTTON— Uplands. 3%d. • .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling- Exchange, 60 days — :v - ■ $4 s-,i£
Sterling Exchange, 5ight....'.... — - 4 8714
Sterling Cables .....' — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight..... — 17&
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce -r- - 591^
Mexican Dollars — .47^(348
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT FREIGHTS— Continue " nominal at
255, usual options. The . chartered ■ Wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 3098, against
34,750 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 34.770 tons, against . 24,200; on the . way
to this port, 140.470 tons, against 172,350. •
WHEAT — Chicago : came through rather
stronger, perhaps on account of bad crop re
ports which - were received I from Indiana. Fu
tures were about the same, . but spot prices
were weak.
Spot Wheat—S hipping! fl 12>i@l 13%; milling.
*1 la@l 20 per ' ctl. i-fjij&agg
' : CALL BOARD SALES. •_'...■
" Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctjs,
$1 16%; 2000, $1 16%; 2000, $1 16%; i December—
14,000. $1 19. ■ -. ' ' • • ' :'■
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, *1 16%; 2000,
•sll6ii. ■ ■ - ■ •■ .. ■ • ■ . . •-.,
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
|1 16',i; 2000. $1 16V4; December— lo,ooo, *1 19.
Afternoon Session— '99, new— ctla.
; $1 15; December— $1 lS*-i: 20,000, $118%;
i May— lo,ooo. $1 16%: 4000, $1 IS I*.1 *.
BARLEY— Indications of. rain depressed
■ futures considerably, as will be seen. The
. spot market, as usual, did not budge.
Feed, $1 25@1 27H; Brewing, nominal. -
CALL BOARD [ SALES. '-, y
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — Seller "99,
hew— ctls. $1 01H; 2000, $1 01 Vi ; 4000. $1 01;
4000. $100%; 2000, 00%; 4000, $100%; 2000,
$1 00*4; 6000, $1 OOVi: 6000. $1 OOVg; 10,000, $1.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99. new— «ooo
" ctle. 99\c; 2000. 99% c; 4000. $1; 4000, $} 00*;
• 4000, %l 00V*; May-20C0, $120. ■ -„ ' \
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new— ctls,
99V4c; 10,000, 99c; 6000, 98% c; 2000, 99& c; 8000,
9S%c; 2000. 9SV>c: 16,000. 91>9'4C. :
OATS— there was less activity than on
the preceding day the market continued in good
tone and buyers had to pay full figures.
Fancy Feed. $1 37U@1 40 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 35«1 37V»- common, $1 32U; Surprise.
$1 45<g>l 50: Gray, "$1 32%'5l 35; Milling, " $1 37*
per ctl; Red, nominal; Black, nominal. •
CORN— The market continues quiet and un
changed.
Small round Yellow. $1 25; Eastern large
Yellow. $1 10@l 12%: White. $1 10; mixed, $1 07Va
@1 10- per ctl; California White. $1 12%.
RYE— and unchanged at $1 12%@1 15
per ctl. --■ -,-■ 'f
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. ■ V."
There has been no change !n Flour for a
long time. Oat products rule firm in sympathy
with the raw product.
FLOUR— California Family extras, $4®-4 15;
bakers' extras, $3 90@4; Oregon and Washing
ton. $3@3 65 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. %l 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. .$2 73
per 100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; • Oatmeal, $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
; wheat Flour, $4®4 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 75:
; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55@6 95; in packs, « 35#6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas,
$4 50 per ICO pounds.
HAY. AND_FEEDSTUFFS.
Free receipts and the predictions of rain
nipped another half-dollar off Hay, and the
• market was soft at the decline. The local de
i mand Is very poor, but there is a fair Inquiry
I from the south.
Bran and Middlings are in light supply and
: firm. ; "- l - '':■"■ -
BRAN— SI 9 r.off2o per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J2I(fii2 60 per ton.
I FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26®27 per
1 ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31©31 50; Job
i bing, $32<7?32 50: Coooanut Cake. J24525; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S#3O per ton: Cornmeal, «23 50
©24 50: Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed Feed,-
I $19 ro-f?2<>.
I CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $15©1« 50 for
; good to choice and $inffl4 50 for lower grades;
:no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. $1 ■'••■ 50;
Oat. $12W13 50; Island Barley. $12013; Alfalfa.
: $ll*T10: Ptock. *9«?10: Clover, nominal..
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
: Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13@14 50; Cheat.
I $10f?ll ',0; Grass Hay. Mftfnn 50; Oat. $12 r.Off
!13 75; Clover, $10®ll; Timothy, $10 50@12 per
°STRAW-30i567-4c per bale.
STRAW— 3Off67V4c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The Bean market continues In fair shape for
sellers at unchanged prices. Llmas are espe
cially firm. . Seeds stand the same.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 6001 SO; Small Whites,
$2®2 15: Large Whites. $1 70@l SO; .Pinks,
$1 '••<<! 2 05: Reds. $3 23«3 35: Blackoye. $3 75@3 80;
Batters. $2 2">'iJ2 50; Limas. $3 30@3 40: Pea. $2 25
02 60; Red Kidneys. «2 4098 SO per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown- Mustard. $4 50^4 75 j>er ctl;
I yellow Murtard. $3 75©4; Flax, $2.13(52 25: Ca
nary ?ro<\ 2U<H'2«>ic per lb: Alfalfa. B®S%c;
i Rape lVi@2»;c: Hemp, 2^«3c: Timothy, *.£r3"4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 I "0; Green, $2@
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are very quiet and weak. Potatoes
show little change.
Asparagus, Peas and Rhubarb are In increas
ing supply and tending downward.
Receipts were 307 boxes Asparagus, 146 boxes
Rhubarb and 31 sks Peas.
Hothouse Cucumbers from San Jose, $1 5082
i per dozen.
POTATOES— 15 per ctl for Early Rose,
90 6*l 10 per sack for River Burbanks; Sonoma
and Marin Burbanks. 90c4ffl 10 per ctl: Oregon.
85c@$t 25; Swoet Potatoes, 75c for River and
; $17.". for Merced: New Potatoes, 2(f?2',4c per lb.
ONlONS— 7sc(gsl per ctl, outside quotation for i
Oregon. !
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. s© 6c per lb for
No. 2. 7®Bc for No. 1 and lo©l2^4c for fancy;
Rhubarb. s@7c per lb; Green Peas. 4a7c; String
' Beans. l.'c: Cabbage, 40® 50c; Tomatoes, $12*.©
2 for Los Angeles: E«rg Plant. — — per lb:
Garlic, fi'?i7c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c per lb:
Green Peppers. per lb; Dried Peppers, 7@
12% c; Carrots 25@35c. per sack..
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two more cars of Eastern came In. making
five since Sunday, and the market Is, therefore,
j ■weak, though there is no marked decline. Ar- j
• rivals of local stock are moderate.
Game was dull, as It was the last day for
Duck and Quail and the dealers, did not want
to get caught with a stock on hand, so they
bought sparingly. " -f, "
Eastern, 14c for Turkeys. $6 50 for Ducks, $5@
6 for Hens, $7@7 50 for young Roosters.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 13«J16c; live
Turkeys. 12H@'3c for Gobblers and 12' 2 fil3c for i
Kens ;' Geese, per pair. $1 50@2; Goslings, $2 23 !
fa? 7".; Ducks. $4 5006: Hens, $'«?5 50; young
; Roosters. J7@7 60; old Roosters. $4 '6005 50; Fry
i ers. $6ig«so; Broilers. fS#6 50 for large, 50@
i 4 50 for small: Pigeons. $1 50<51 75 per dozen for
old and $2 23®2 30 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1250150; Mallard. $3(g- 1 ;
Canvasback. $3#fi; Sprig. $2ff2 50; Teal, $2©2 60;
I Widgeon. Mfrl?".: Small Duck. SI: English
Snlp<\ S2 5O0S; Jack Snipe. $I@l 23: Gray Geese,
$2; White Geeso. 75c(g$l; Brant. (19150; Hon
kers, IS035O; Hare, $125: Rabbits, $150 for
Cottontails and $1 for small.
j
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter shows no further, change, fancy being
firm and other grades weak. Cheese Is un
changed. ' '■'■.• "
While a few fine Eggs are being sold at Me.
the market is showing signs of weakness and
I there is more stock on the market, though the
demand for the north and south keeps up.
Dealers do not expect the present prices to
hold long. • 7if:'TH
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25(Jj26c; sec
onds, 24c. •, . '
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21§23c; " common
grades. 17!ff20<r.
Pickled Goods— IP'S 17c; pickled roll.
14(§16c for dairy and 16@17c for creamery
squares; creamer y tub. 19c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 13Vj@14c per
Ib: Elein. nominal. . ..
CHEESE— 4ThoIce mild new. ll{Tll'4c: old. 10
(?10'^c; Cream Cheddar, !2v?l2He; Young Amer
ica. HHolt%e: Eastern. toottC.
EK3GB— Quoted at 17H@19c per dozen, with
pales at 20c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples and Oranges are in fair demand and
stocks of th» latter are light. Lemons are In
ample supply and quiet. Limes continue .very
scarce.
. DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 50c«T$l for common $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and XI 75 for choice.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50(p'2 75
per box: See<llinirs, 75C&H 50: Mandarins, $1 23
©1 75: Lemons. 7SCOH 50 for common and V(t
2 r-0 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $9;
California Limes. —0— per small box; Grape
Fruit. $l<s-2: Bananas. $1 25®2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $2@4 50 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Prunes and Raisins still drag. Apples. Apri
cots and Peaches continue firm and In light
supply. ;''■'. - ■'■' ,
Honey Is In fair demand at steady prices.
Nuts rule firm, with small stocks.
DRIED FRUITS— 6\ic for 40-50' s. 4Vi
@4\c for 50-60's, 3Vi@3V4c for (HMO's. 2%(5?3c for
70-80' s. 2H'92 !l ic for 80-90' s, 2@2'4c for 90-100"
and ■ l%@2c ■ for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2M:(f?
sc. Peaches,^HlffSHc for good to choice: 9S9&C
for fancy and for peeled: Apricots. . lOH'ff
13>4c for Royals and U%®lSe for Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 7@Bc: sun dried, 8496Hc;
Black Fles, sacks 2ffl2^c; Plums, nominal,
lffllHc for unpitted: Pears, nominal.
RAISINS— 3*-«c for two-crown, 4-% c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 4%©6 c for ' Seed
less Sultanas". 3<^c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2?i@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c rer lb: Walntlts. S(g>
19c for hardshell. ll@l2c for softshell; Almonds.
"@Sc for hardshell. 13@14c for softshell, 15@17c
for paper shell : Peanuts, 6©7 c for Eastern and
4%<95c for California: Cocoanuts. $4 50©"5.' .' i
HONEY— Comb,- 10@llc for bright and 9c for
lower grades: water white extracted, 7c; light
amber extracted. 6f?4>4c: dark, s@s'ic per lb.
■ BEESWAX— per. lb. .
. PROVISIONS. . •
Dealers report a fair trade at unchanged
prices. . ■ • '.: '-. • . ' .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, SPS" Ac per ,lb for
heavy, B'/4«S9c for light medium, lOHfffllc for
j light. "2c for extra light and 12"4@13c for sugar
j cured; Eastern Sugar-cured ' Hums, lie; Cali
! fornia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $1 1<a 12 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $13 60; Family Beef, $14 50®
15; extra Prime Pork $12 50: extra clear, $17 50;
mess. $16: Smoked Beef, lie per lb. 1
LARD— Tierces quoted 'at *\.&s\c per lb for
compound and ■ 7@7Hc or pure: half-barrels,
pure. 7*i<fi:Rc- 10-!b tins, S'^c: r,-lb tins. B»4c.
COTTOI^ENE— Tierces. G%(ftG~ic : packages.
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls. 60 in a case. Hie;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, S%c: 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case BV2C: 10-lb. nails, 6 in a case. S-Hc: 50-lb
tins.' 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SHe: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; hair
barrels, about 110 . lbs. 7%c. ',
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND . HOPS. { [
There Is nothing new in Hops and Hides.
Wool is dull. : as stocks continue heavy every
where and the new clip is not far off..- '.-■'■<"::
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and .brands; sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. S-tPBV£c; Cow
bldes,. Btt&9c; Stags, • 6c; Salted Kip. to; Calf,
10c: dry Hides, sound. -15c: Culls and Brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 10@30c each; short
Wool, 35#60c each: medium 70@90c: long' Wool,
90c SI 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 73@2 25 for
large and $1 for small; Colts. 25@50c; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 50@2 for large and $1 for Email.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3tti33%c per Ib;
No. 2, 2*i®3c; refined, 4* 4 (3'5e; Grease, 2@2\»c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7'!s9c; San Joaquln and Southern. 7
months, S@9c; Foothill and Northern free, 10@
12c: Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14@15c; Nevada, 10@
12c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoc'no 9 ©11
Northern Mountain 6V4@ 9
Southern ..' 6 it 7V4
Plains 5 if? 6
HOPS— IS9S crop, 10®llc per lb for ordinary.
12(?fl2 1 /ic for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags. s^4<§r;%c for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26<g2Sc; San Quen
tln Bags, $4 95. i ;, v;
COAL— Well mgton, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 In bulk and $9 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks. <
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 9Hc; Sisal, 8"* c;" Duplex,
7 l Ac basis. >-■-..•-.■■
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 35@1 50 for
black and $1 50@l 80 for white; Peaches. $1 40®
1 75; Pears, $1 45@1 60; Apricots, $1 35@1 50;
Plums. 950@5l 15.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 85c@$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 5001 76: Tomatoes, 85@90c.
COFFEE— Costa Risa— ls@l6c nominal for
prime washed: 13V4@14Vsc nominal for good
washed; 12"4@15c for good to/prime washed
peaberry; lligsllHc for good peaberry; HV4@l3c
for good, to prime: lO'g'Hc nominal for good
current mixed- with black beans; 9<3:iOVic for
fair; SV2@SV4c for common to ordinary. Salva
—lo@l3c nominal for good to prime washed;
B<?9%c for fair" washed; KHj^illVjc for good to
prime washed" peaberry: 8%®8%c nominal for
superior unwashed;* B@B4c for good green un
washed; 9%@10c for good to prime unwashed
peauerry. Nicaragua— nominal for good
to superior unwashed; 9M.@loc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry. 'Guatemala
and Mexican— l6@l7V»c for prime to • fancy
washed new crop, 12@14V4c for good to strictly
good washed new crop; old crop — 10%@14c fof
washed,; Ta&*ic for medium; s@6"»c for inferior
to ordinary: 10@llV£c for good to prime washed
peaberry: 9V£@loc for good unwashed peaberry;
S4t'B*ic for »T>od to superior, unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. 3%c per Ib;
cases, selected, 4\4c per lb; cases. Imitation
Eastern, o^c per lb; boneless, sVic per lb;
strips. s\i@!V*c per lb: blocks, B»;(?6»ic per lb;
tablets, "Vie per lb: middles, 6V»@B> 4 c per Ib:
desiccated. S7Hc per dozen; pickled cod. bar
rels. $7 -.'!> each; pickled cod, half barrels. $4 25.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy. 25-S2.Sc per lb;
Sole Leather, medium, 24!fJ25c; Sole Leather,
light, 23<g25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24<ff25c;
rough Leather, light, 23<g24c; Harness Leather,
heavy. 32([T34c; Harness Leather, medium. 30®
32c; Harness Leather, light. 27@29c: Collar
Leather, 14@:i6c per foot: Kip, finished, 40<g45c
per lb; Veal, finished. 80® 55c; Calf, . finished.
Tsc©l; Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits. 14<jjfl6c; Rough Splits, S(SlOc.
California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 54c; raw. 52c;
coses, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels. 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut, 45r555c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,'
barrels. 65c: cases,- 70c: No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases. fiOc; Sperm, crude, 60c: natural white,
40c: bleached white, 4.1 c: Whale OH. natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors. $1 25@
135 per gallon; ' wagon colors, $2@2 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12<4c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases. 17>ic: Astral Oil,
l'Vic: Star Oil. 17^c; Extra Star Oil, 21"4 c:
Elaine Oil, 22Vic; Eocene Oil, 19'^c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline. in bulk, 15>4c; In cases, 21c;
Benzine. In bulk, 15c; capes, 20c; 86-degree
Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; In cases, 26c. ■
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 oz.
7'ic; 6s. 14 oz. 6 l ic; 6s. 12 <iz. 6c; 6s, 10 or.
sVic; Granite (mining") Candles— 16 oz, 9"he;
6s, 14 oz, S>,-ic; 6s. 12 oz, "He: 6s, 10 oz, 6v c;
Parafflne Wax Candles — Is. 2s, 4s, 6s, white,
9%c: 12s. 104 c; colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6Q7c;per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 64c; in Iron barrels,
59c: in wooden barrels, 61c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c; oases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 per flask for local use
and S3S@SB 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net ''ash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, G 7 t,c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy.
Granulated, 5"» c: Dry .Granulated, s»ic: Con
fectioners 1 A. s>4c; California A. 5> 3 c: Magno
lia A. 5%c; Extra C, s»*c; Golden C. fiHc: half
barrels, V»c more than .barrels, and boxes ' v c
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Us equivalent. •
LUMBER.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $1511 IS; "extra sizes, higher; I
Redwood. $17 for No. 1 nnd $14r 15 for. No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet. $2 20<3 2 30: Pickets, $14: Shingles.
II 35 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Shakes.
for split and $10 50 for sawn; Rustic, $15
©21.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton Is weak at the decline, but Spring
Lamb is quoted firm. Beef shows more firm
ness. Veal is steady and Hogs continue ;to
bring good prices without difficulty.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 74?Bc per lb.
VEAL- Large, S@BV4c: small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers SVs.@'Jc per lb; Ewes, 8@
B>ic ' . '
LAMB— 9^<H lQc per lb for yearlings and 12&
@14c for spring.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%@sHc for large. oi;@6c
for medium and T' I ft.".* 8 c for small; stock Hogs
4Hs@sc; dressed Hogs, 7@9c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday,- February 28.
Flour, qr 5k5...... 44,0651 Chicory, bbls .... 5
Wheat, ctla 2,120 Hay. tons 440
Barley, ctls 3,160 Straw, tons • 2S
Corn, ctls, East. 600 Wool, bales 120
Butter, ctls ..... 365 Wine, gala R4,5»06
Cheese, ctls IS Eggs, doz 25,230"
Beans, sks 1,3715 Quicksilver, flks. ISI
Potatoes, sks 2,959 i Leather, rolls .... S8
Onions, sks 64 Lumber, feet ... 30,000
Bran, sks 609 Lime, bbls 182
Middlings, sks... 411 Hides. No 630
Sugar, sks 475 Pelts, bdls 765
Sugar, bbls 60 Tallow, ctls 213
OREGON..
Flour, qr sks 1,5651 Hay, tons 10
Wheat, ctls 6SO !
WASHINGTON.
Hay. tons 10 1 " "
;.„• ~. NEVADA. • . .
Wheat. Otis ..... 7.0001 "
« ♦ »
THE STOCK MARKET.
The resumption of pumping sent the shorts
on the mining stock market to cover, and the
bulls ran prices up on them. Business was
brisk in consequence. Profit taking set tn, !
however, and the market eased ofC again, as
will be seen by the sales.
Fluctuations In local securities were nar
rower and fewer. Mutual Electric was weaker
and Gas and Electric advanced to §S5. Ha
waiian Commercial was also firmer.
The report from the pump yesterday was as
follows: "The pump was lowered into piaee
and all important connections made. Will start
pumping again this afternoon. Water is twen
ty-seven feet six inches below the 1750 revel."
The following local Incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month:
Per Share. Amt.
Central Gaslight Co UOO $20,000
Gas Consumer's Association 15 2.0115
Oakland Gas Co 26 7,500 |
Pacific Gas Improvement Co 50 16.000
Pacific Lighting Co 35 7.000
S F. Gaa & Eiectric 60 63,750
San Jose Water 60 4.3U
Spring Valley Water 42 SS.Sno
California Street Cable 60 5.000
Alaska Packers' Association 75 36,000
Hutchlnson Plantation 25 25,000
Natoma Vineyard Co 06 3.000
Pacific Telephone 40 13,200
Sunset Telephone 25 7,500
Oceanic .Steamship 50 12.500
California Cotton Mills 100 6,000
•Pacific A. F. Alarm 06 1.250
Bank British Columbia 2 50 75,000
Giant Powder Co 50 10,000
Argonaut M. Co 10 20,000
Homestake M. Co (extra) 25 31.250
Hnmestake M. Co 25 31.2 M
Morning Star M. Co.. 4 00 9,600
Pennsylvania M. Co OS 2.575
Total $468,441
A summary of the dividends for the past
month compares as follows:
1893. 1599.
Banks $75,000 $75,000
Gas 116,275 116.275
Water 74.241 63.041
Railway 10,000 5,000
Powder 10,000
Sugar 20.000 25.000-
Fish 36.000 86.000
Telephone 20,700 20,700
Mining 74.225 04.675
Miscellaneous 10,250 22.750
Totals $436,691 $468,441
The following ore shipments were made by
rall from the mines of Eureka, Nev., and
neighboring districts for the week ending Fcb-r
ruary 24: Eureka Con., 165.030 pounds; Jack
son. 34.200; Phenix. 49.970; Richmond. 110,640.
The North Truckee Drain Ditch Company of
Reno. Nev.. has levied an assessment of 5 cents
per share, delinquent April 1.
The Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry Min
ing Companies are preparing to resume deep
work through the Osbiston shaft, which t|?y
Jointly own, as soon as drainage operations ire
fully under way.
Work Is to be resumed in the Eureka Consoli-"
dated mine, in Eureka district, Nev. The com
pany has let a contract to Hacking St
Eathorn of Ruby Hill to run a drift on the
eighth level. The main drift on that level Is
caved, and as It runs over an old chamhber the
ground would settle were that drift cleaned
out. The new drift will run around tho caved
part and will explore gome new and promising
ground.
The connecting drift between the Savage
mine and the main Sutro tunnel is being
cleaned out for the purpose of catching up and
conveying such water as is now flowing to the
lower levels into the tunnel drain boxes.
In the Chollar-Savage-Norcross combination
shaft the water now stands at a point forty
six feet eight Inches below the station on the
level of the connecting drift with the Sutro
tunnel.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Februar> - 2S— 4 p. m.
Morning Session.
Board—
65 Alaska Packers' Assn 10!) 75
25 Equitable Gas. s 30 9 50
26 Equitable Oas 9 50
300 Equitable Gas 9 37Vi
15 Giant Powder Con 61 00
10 Giant Powder Con. s 90 60 >?H
60 Hana Plantation Co 16 874
60 H ana Plantation Co 16 75
240 Hana Plantation Co 16 62^
215 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 75 00 i
456 Mutual Electric Light 15 CO I
30 Mutual Electric Light, b 6 15 00
15 Oakland Gas 49 00
80 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
35 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
100 S F Oas & Electric Co S4 87V4
35 S F Gufi & Electric Co 85 00
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds lie 574
$1000 Spring Valley 4 per cent bonds 104 00
85 Spring Valley Water 10- 00
Street—
$10,000 North Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds. 114 00
$5000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 00
$15,000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 75
$8000 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 S7H
Afternoon Session.
Board—
70 Alaska Packers' A9sn 109 75
20 Contra Costa Water 63 00
100 Contra Costa Water, s 30 63 25
75 Equitable Gas » 00
163 Hana Plantation Co 16 G24
EO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 75 25
253 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 75 50
60 Mutual Electric Light 14 S7'»
25 S F Gas & Electric Co So 25
25 R F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
30 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Street—
75 Giant Powder Con 6100
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
E0 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
25 Mutual Electric Light I*> 624
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
100 Mutual Electric Light '■■••■ 13 37^
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 25
200 Vigorit Powder 2 75
30 Market Street Railway 62 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .5 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Mutual Electric Light 13 Oft
40 Mutual Electric Light 14 87%
25 Spring Valley Water 101 S7Vg
25 Hana Plantation Co 16 50
25 Hap.a Plantation Co 1* 82V4
30 Oceanic SS Co 73 00 I
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alta 12 1300 Kentuck 14
4<V) Best & Belcher. 65 850 Mexican 82
500 Best * Belcher. 64 ; 100 Mexican S3
100 Caledonia 42 POO Ophlr 130
100 Challenge 35 100 Ophlr 123
100 Challenge 36 200 Ophlr 135
100 Chollar 45 |100 Overman 16
SOO Con Cal & Va..2 3" 100 Potosl 37
200 Con Cal & Va.2 40 100 Potosl 38
1200 Con Cal & Va. 2 35 600 Savage 39
100 Con Cal & Va..2 50 1 300 Seg Belcher 06
100 Confidence 86 850 Sierra Nevada.. l 60 !
100 Crown Point 33 600 Sierra Nevada. .l r>s |
200 Crown Point 32 100 Union Con 70
100 Exchequer 03 100 Union Con 73
300 Gould & Curry. 50 1 200 Union Con 74
100 Gould & Curry.' 51 400 Union Con 72
800 Gould & Curry. 52 200 Utah 28
1150 Hale & Norcrs 48 400 Yellow Jacket.. 40
100 Justice 23i200 Yellow Jacket.. 39
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 08 100 Justice 23
400 Andes .' 20 300 Mexican 87
300 Belcher 27 200 Mexican 86
300 Best & Belcher. 631300 Occidental 32
300 Best & Balcher. 621800 Ophir 123
200 Best & Belcher. 61 500 Potosi 36
5.00 Chollar 48 : 100 Savage 35
700 Con Cal & Va..2 30J500 Seg Belcher 07
300 Con Cal & Va. .2 2.'. ! 650 Sierra Nevada. .145
SOO Con Imperial .. 02! 50 Sierra Nevada.. 1 40
50 Confidence 87,200 Union Con 69
300 Crown Point 26 600 Union Con 6S
500 Gould & Curry. 48 . 200 Utah 27
<W0 Hale & Norcrs. 461400 Yellow Jacket.. 36
100 Justice 241160 Yellow Jacket.. 38
Following were the sales In the Paclflc Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 12 500 Justice 23
SOO Andes 21 200 Justice 24
500 Andes 23 400 Mexican 78
100 Belcher 29 800 Mexican 80
•00 Best & Belcher.. 62 200 Mexican 83
100 Best & Belcher.. 63 400 Mexican 84
JOO Best <& Belcher.. 64,1100 Mexican 85
?00 Best & Belcher.. 65 400 Mexican 88
' SOO Best & Belcher.. 61 200 Ophir 1 22V,
100 Best & Belcher.. 60 S-00 Ophlr 1 25
500 Bullion 07 SOO Ophir 1 27Vi i
200 Challenge Con.. 38 1100 Ophir 1 30
400 Challenge Con.. 34 W0 Ophlr 120
100 Chollar 48 1100 Overman 15
f,oo Chollar 47 600 Potosl 37
400 Con Cal & Va.. 2 10 400 Potosi 35
(-00 Con Ca! & Va. .2 15 400 Potosl 36
mo Con Cal & Va 2 22H 300 Savage 36
600 Con Cal & Va.. 2 25 800 Savage 37
700 Con Cal & Va..2 4O SOO Savage 38
900 Con Cal & Va.. 2 451200 Savage 36
400 Con Cal & Va.. 2 351400 Savage 34
150 Con Cal & Va.. 2 30 1500 Scorpion 06
NO Crown Point.... 30 600 Sierra Nevada. .l6o
SOO Crown Point 31 3^o Sierra Nevada.. 155
400 Gould & Curry- • 48 200 Sierra Nevada.. l 45
?00 Gould & Curry.. 50 400 Standard 3 15
SOO Gould & Curry.. 47 700 Union Con 70
100 Hale & Norcrs.. 44 400 Union Con 68
cm Hale & Norcrs;. 45 400 Union Con 71
200 Hale & Norcrs.. 47 tOO Yellow Jacket... 39
SOO Hale & Norcrs.. 46 100 Yellow Jacket... 36
Afternoon Session.
>00 Alpha Con 08 100 Justice 24
(00 Best & Belcher.. 61 w0 Mexican 88
200 Best & Belcher.. 62 W0 Mexican 86
TOO Best & Belcher.. 63 MO Mexican S7
100 Caledonia 33 >00 Mexican 85
500 Challenge Con.. 35 !00 Ophlr 123
M 0 Challenge Con.. 34 M 0 Ophlr 120
JOO Con Cal & Va.2 27V4 «00 Savage 3n
JOO Con Cal & Va.2 32H !000 Seg Belcher 05
ISO Con Cal & Va...2 25 100 Sierra Nevada. .l 50
100 Gould & Curry.. 46l>K> Sierra Neva da.. 1 45
100 Gould & Curry.. 47 100 Sierra Nevada.. l 40
TOO Hale & Norcrs.. 441200 Utah 27
>00 Hale & Norcr3.. 45.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Feb. 28— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 07 10 Julia - 04
A lta 10 12 Justice 24 25
An des 20 21 Kentuck — 15
Belcher 25 26 Lady Wash - 05
Benton Con — 05 Mexican . 83 8j
Best & Belcher. 60 61 Occidental 31 —
Bullion 07 08 Ophlr 1201 23
Caledonia. 40 42 Overman 15 16
[.'hollar 45 47 Potosl 3C 37
Challenge Con.. 33 35 ( Pavage 35 36
Confidence 88 —.Scorpion ....... — 06
Con <'nl & Va..2 25 230 Peg Belcher.... Oo W \
Con Imperial... 01 03Sierra Nevada. 1331 40
Crown Point.... 26 27 Silver Hill - 05
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — OS
Kureka Coil — 40Standard 315 — |
Excheauer 03 04 Union Con 67 6K
Gould & Curry. 46 48 Utah 2« 27
Hale & Norcrs. 44 45! Yellow Jacket.. 35 36
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
No.
Delinqnt
In the
Board.
Day of
. I Sale.
Julia
Sierra Nevada —
Justice ......:
Alta
Challenge .'.
Belcher ;....
Overman -...1
29
115
64
61
M
60
2
..Jan. 12 ..Mar.
..Feb. IS!.. Mar.
..Feb. 20].. Mar.
..Mar. 9 ..Apr.
..Mar. 12 ..Apr.
..Mar. .Apr.
..Mar. 241. .Apr.
03
20
05
05
05
. 10
05
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
We
1
8
16
~22~ !
29
Th.
3
9
I 14
23
83
Fr.
3
10
17
Sa.
,;4,
11
18.
__
.25
Moon - * Phases.
(fr Last Quarter,
l^it March 4.
5
12
19
"1
fii\- New Moon.
W March 11.
_ First Quarter,
£f March 18.
©Full Moon,
March 26. '
20
27
21
28
21 '
"31
2i
—
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the .benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new F»rry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving- the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographle Office, U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February M. 1599.
W. S. HUGHES,
* Lieutenant, U. S. X.. In charge.
The time bail on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c , at noon of the 12Cth meridian, cr at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUOHEB.
Lieutenant, U. S. N , la charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to san
Francisco Day. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at o ' ll1 '
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 1.
Sun rises '. •""<■:«*
Sun sets • '- ;V«V" - 6 -°*
Moon rises .- 1 Q:2 ' _\ m -
* [
■
TT.J
8 ...
•8 ...
4 ...
5 ...
8 ...
1:31
2:05
2:49
3:40
4:44
5:54
, W
1:00
5.1
5.1
5.'
5.i
6.1
5.'
Ft.
8:00 0.6 2:29
8:56 0.6 3:34
10:00 0.3 4:53
11:06 0.1 6:19
I 12:14 0.0 7:34
! 1:15-0.3! S:3O
HW L —
7:05 5.8 2:10
Time
Ft. Ft.
L W
4.4 7:44 l.»
4.1 8:27 2.4
3.9 9:22 2.T
4.0 10:34 3.0
4.2 11:49 S.l
4.4 -
H W
—0.4 9:15 4.8
0.3
0.1
| 0.0
7 ...
I 2,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldf-9
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of tn»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tn»
second time column gives the second tide or
the day, the thir.l timp column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tidp of the day. except when there are but
three tides, a? sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the soundings on tn«
United States Coa-«t survey charts, except
when a minus sign <— "> precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Orizaba ....[Newport Mar. 1, 9 am Pier 11
City PekinglChina & Japn Mar. 1, 1 pmiPMsS
Aloha I Point Arena.. 'Mar. 1, 3pm Pier 2
Umatilla ..[Vic &- Pgt Sd. Mar. 2. 10 am I Pier 9
Chllkat ....IHumboldt 'Mar. 3, 2 Pier IS
Santa Rosa San Die.go Mar. 3. 11 am Pier 11
Weeott ....'Yaqulna Bay. Mar. 4. in am Pier 13
Newport ..Alaska Mar. 4.12 m Center
Columbia ..Portland 'Mar. 4. 10 am Pier 24
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. -IMar. 4. 3pm Pier 3
Pomona ...'Humboldt Mar. 5, 2pm Pier 9
C Nelson. JPuget Sound. .'Mar. 5, 10 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport IMar. 5, 9 am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay [Mar. 6. 10 amPler 13
Queen I Vie A- Pgt 'Mar. 7. 10 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego [Mar. 7, 11 am Pier 11
Australia ..[Honolulu 'Mar. 8, 10 am, Pier 7
State of Call Portland IMar. 9. 10 am Pier 24
STEAMETtS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
National City. Grays Harbor [Mar.
Del Norte Grays Harbor Mar.
Santa Rosa....! San Diego Mar.
Columbia 'Portland Mar.
C. Nelson I Puget Sound Mar.
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar.
Weeott ....ICoos Bay : Mar.
Fulton [Portland Mar.
Chilkat I Humboldt Mar-
Crescent City. ! Crescent City Mar.
Point Arena... | Point Arena Mar.
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar.
Empire Coos Bay .-• Mar.
Coos Bay ' Newport ................. Mar.
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound, Mar.
Curacao...:.... Mexico Mar.
Pomona Humboldt ,Mar.
Samoa Humboldt [Mar.
Mackinaw Tacoma Mar.
Areata Coos Bay Mar.
Progreso Seattle IMar.
Corona..., 'San Diego IMar.
Willamette 'Seattle Mar.
A. Blanchard. Coos Bay Mar.
State of Cal... Portland IMar.
Orizaba (Newport Mar.
Hongkong Mar China and Japan 5* ar -
North Fork.... Humboldt Mar.
Alameda Sydney ■■■■-■■■:_■■■■:, ar ."
Walla Walla.. I Victoria & Puget Bound
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. February 28.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. 26 days 18 hours IS
mtutes from Hongkong via To all a 17 days
10 hours 3 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days 14
h °Stmr* Wliitesboro. Johnson. 15 hours from
G Stmr*L^lla, Miller. 30 hours from Crescent
!tmr Australia. Houdlette. 6 days 22 hours 10
mIE from Honolulu.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, February 28.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall. San Pedro; GoodalJ.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanalmo; R
Wha.in S S n m r C Belvedere, DevoH. whaling:
W \VhaiTnß 8 ' stmr Jeanette. Newth. whaling:
R Stnir Pomona, 0 ' Parsons. Eureka; Goodall.
s"tmr S City of Para. Zeeder, Panama, etc;
P Ship S Standard. Getchell, Port Townsend;
Otis. McAllister & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. February 28.
Stmr Mineola, David, Tacoma.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Isanaimo.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Whaling etmr Wm Baylies. Buckler. whal
"ftmr Coquille River Thompson.
Stmr City of Para. Zeeder. Panama, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, Ventura.
Schr Reliance. Nordllng.
Sohr Laura May. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bow ens Land*
ln #chr Dora Bluhm. Jorgensen. Pu get Sound.
Schr Coquille River. Pearson. Coquille River.
Schr North Bend. Schemhl. Coos Bay.
Schr Monterey, Beck. Bowens Landing.
CHARTERS.
The Volunteer loads mdse for Nicolaefskl;
Wilna, flour for Vladivostok.
The West Lothian loads wheat at Portland
for Europe, S3s.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 28. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind south; velocity 16 miles, ■
SPOKEN.
Feb 10, lat 37 N. long 15 W— Br ship Cromp
ton, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
Feb 24, lat 50 N, long 16 W— ship Clan
Mackenzie, from . Oregon, for Queenstown. ■
Feb 3, on the equator, long 32 W— Br ship
Cambrian Hills, from Oregon, for Queens-
Pf-r Nokomla. at Port Townsend. Feb. 26,
off Columbia River— ship Mlstley Hall, from
Liverpool for Oregon.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ' ". ■ I
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Feb 28— Schr Lottie
Carson, from Eureka.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Feb 2S— Ship Santa
Clara, from Comox, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— In port Feb 28— Ship Ori
ental, from Seattle, for San Francisco. .
Passed up Feb 28— Schr Nokomis, from San
Pedro, for Tacoma; schr Bangor, from San
Pedro, for Port Gamble.
EUREKA— Feb 28— Stmr Chilkat. hno
Feb 26: stmr Westrort. hence Feb 27.
Sailed Feb 28— Schr John A. for San Fran-
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. • ■ .
NEAH BAY— Passed Feb 28— Br stmr Bris
tol, hence Feb 25. for Nanaimo. _
PORT TOWNSEN-D— ln port Feb Stmr
Queen from Puget Sound, for San Francisco.
Passed Feb 2S— Br stmr Manuense. from Vic
toria, for : schr J M Cojman. ■ from San
Pedro for Pert Gamble; stmr Walla Walla,
hence Feb 25. for Victoria.
Arrived Feb 2S— Schr Nokomis. from San
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 28— Sehr Lena Swea
•ey, hence Feb 14; stmr Willamette, hence Feb
23; 'stmr Leelanaw. hence Feb 25; Br stmr
Manuende from Vancouver/
Sailed Feb 2S— Stmr Laurada. for Dyea.
PORT LllPLOW— Arrived Feb 2S— Schr Ban
gor. ffom ■ San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb Schr Roy
Somers, hence Feb 19. '
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 2S— ship
Cambrian Queen, from Oregon; Br ship Aus
tralia from Oregon: Br ship Clackmannan
shire.' from Oregon and proceeded for Limer
ick ■
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 7— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Oregon. _
• LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb Ger ship Marie
Hackf eld. hence Sept 25. -
•SYDNEY— Feb 25— Br Btmr Warrlmo,
for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed-' Feb 26— Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived Feb 26— Br ship
Llsmore hence. Sept 25. ."-^.i
CALLAO— Sailed Jan 23— Chll bark Altcar,
for .
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb 15— Br stmr Mto
wera for Victoria: stmr City of Peking, for
San Francisco. Feb 16— Haw ship Fort George,
for San Francisco. Feb 17— Br bark Dominion,
for Royal Roads; Harry Morse, for Astoria;
whallnp bark Andrew Hicks, for Okhotsk Sea.
Feb IS— Bark St Katherine. for Hilo; Br stmr
Coptic, for Yokohama. Feb 19— Brig W. O
Irwln. for San Francisco: stmr Centennial, for
Manila. Feb Bktn S G Wilder, for San'
Francisco: bktn Uncle John, for Port Town
send. Feb 20 — U S stmr Oreeon. for Manila,
via Guam: U S stmr Iris, for Manila. Feo 21—
Br stmr Gaelic, for San Francisco; stmr Aus
tralia,-for San Francisco.
To sail Feb 22— U S stmr Philadelphia, for
Samoa.
Arrived Feb Schr Transit, hence Feb 1;
what bark Andrew Welch, hence Jan 26; sehr
Annie M Campbell, from Everett: stmr Cen
tennial hence Feb 6. Feb 17— Br stmr Coptic,
hence Feb 11. Feb IS— Br bark Golden Gate,
from Caleta Buena; schr Repeat, from Aber
deen. Feb 19— Br bark Invermark. from Liv
erpool; U S stmr Brutus, from Guam: Br stmr
Berlgan King, from San Diego. Feb 20— Schr
Vine, from Eureka; Br stmr Aorangi, from
Victoria; schr Bessie E Stevens, hence Feb 4.
HlLO— Arrived Feb Ship Henry B Hyde,
•hence Feb 4.
Sailed Feb 18— Bark Amy Turner, for San
Francisco. ' ■ •■ ~ ~- •*
KAHULUl— Arrived Feb 13— Schr Olga, from
Newcastle. NSW. Feb 14— Schr II C Wright,
from Aberdeen; bktn Mary Winkelman, from
Newcastle.. , . ' .
. Sailed Feb 19— Schr Defender, for San Fran
cisco. : .
HAN A— Arrived Feb 17— Schr Emma Clau
dlna. from Grays Harbor.
HONOlPU— Arrived Feb 12— Schr John Q
North, hence Jan 28.BETTING RING
AT OAKLAND
IS HARD HIT
Heavily Played Horses
Ran First.
THREE OF THE CHOICES WON
JOE MUSSLE A VASTLY IM
PROVED HORSE.
San Mateo Finished. Ahead" of Ed
die Jones — Montanus Turned
Up a Clever
Winner.
The betting ring at Oakland track yes
terday experienced some very rough
weather. The barometer betokened a
change :n temperature, and the bookmak
ers were first to feel it. Three heavily
played favorites won, and three other
horses that were not first choice scored;
also backed to a standstill. The fields
•were well classed and the betting was an
improvement over the first day of the
week.
There were no' really startling surprises. :
Sidelong began by taking the first
number on the card. As good as 6 to 1
"was laid against the gelding, and Turner
landed him first a length before Schnitz. '
the favorite. Merry Boy commanded
strong support, but was unfortunate in
being pocKetrd nearly the entire distance. ;
The Montana colt Montanus outclassed
the crowd opposed to him in the sprint j
that followed, over the Futurity eourso, j
and at odds of 6 to 5 won easily from Sir
Urlan. Jerry Hunt, the heavily backed
second choice, failed to get inside the !
money, finding the route too far.
Sloan & Hurst seem unable to land a
purse with Dare 11. The hooded horse
closed favorite for the mile and a six
teenth run, decided under selling condi
tions, and after showing prominently to
the stretch ran third. Under Bullman's '
strong urging Joe Mussle, the second ,
choice, disposed of the rank outsider Per-
Bonne by a length.
The fourth event furnished a run over
me distance, but with a much bet
ter class of horses starting. Ro.sinante
ruled a pronounced favorite with Turner
In the saddle, w-ith Espionage a well-fa
vored second choice. The favorite m;ide
one of her phenomenal stretch runs, get
ting to the stand two lengths in advance
of Wyoming. After leading until a tin
long from home Espionage had to be con
tent with third position. Wheel of For
tune ran very disappointingly.
Everybody backed the brown horse San
Mateo to win the seven furlong event and
he did. Going to the barrier a S to 5
chance Rutter soon had him in front,
and with little to spare at the finish
crossed th<* line a couple of lengths ahead
of Eddie Jones. Midllght was third.
El sin, backed from 7 to 4 to 1, captured
the last event in a hard drive from Una
Colorado. The favorite, Eakins, ran un
placed after Bhowing first to the stretch.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Futurity course; four-year-olds;
selling:
(727) Glen Anne 102 : 713 Judge Stouft*er..lOS
7SI Al 1081-.7CS Bliss Rucker 107
. 659 Dick "U'arreri ...10S 686 Aluminum i'J4
611 Homestake 106 / 737JCovIa' ...'...'.... 102
71S Amelia Fonso...lOtjj 7CO Opponent' 104
727 Ricarrlo 108 1 588 La Maroma 102
(731) Tony Licalzi.. :•- ;(726) Widow. Jones 106
737 Roadwarmer ...1081 749 Socialist 10*
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Feb. 28, 1899.—Fifty-fifth
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
*7AA FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight
km.
him.
»im.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. CL
714 Sideinng, 4 I
701 Scnni*, a 18J l
727 Don Gara, 6
72g BalliFter, 4 10] 4
731 Carrie U. 6 104 7
7M Baliverso, 4 losl 5
7fiS Beau Monde. 4 10« 10
terry Boy. 5
708 Averine. 4
672 Santa Lucia. E
2 1
1 h
4 %
3 h
8 %
6 1
10
6 H
9 5
7 1
1 %
3 %
2 h
4 «
6 2
7 1
.8 %
6 %
9 2
10
1 1
2 ns
3 2
4 %
5%
6 1
7 2
8 6
9 8
10
|Turner
H. Martin....
Macklin
!J. Daly
[Hal Ilrown...
Welsh
E. Jones
Kills
jl'owell
Builman
5 9-2
4 16-5
6 15
4 6
10 20
20 60
6 7
4 6
6 12
5 10
02%. Winner, J. Foley & ' Go.'s br. g. by Longside-Gain.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Sidelong stood the drive best. Schnitz ran kindly. Don Gara wap inclined to milk.
Falllsttr under stronger riding might have won. Merry Boy was pocketed most of the way.
*7APZ SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Weight.;
lim.m.
$im.
Str.
Fli
Jockeys.
TSt Montanus 114 4
i- UrUn Ill 6
73$ Ann Page W9 1
fi2< Jerry Hunt 114, 2
719 Genua MS 3
inpraise 114 6
720 Qlengaber U4 7
4 1
2 l'i
1 1
3 h
6 10
7
3 h
5 3
2 h
1 1
4 1
6 20
7
1 1
2 h
3 h
4 3
f. 2
6 20
7
1 3 Thorp*
2 2 Turner
3 1% MS. Jones
4 1 Piggott
5 2 Ellis
6 20 Macklin
7 Hyland
1
4
6
3
10
to
60
6-5
5
12
2
16
- 60
200
Tim.-iv, i 4 . :21' 3 : to V,, :4H; last %. 1:01',: short \. 1:11%. Winner. W. D. Randall's
b. c. by Montana-Flirt. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving.
The winner had the class over his company. Jerry Hunt stopped.
*7 a £* THIRT) RACE— Ore and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
i purse. 1400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
jSt. Std.
Mm. Mm.
%m.
Str.
Fin. I
jOp. Cl.
5-2 3
12 20
7-5 8-5
S 7-2
15 25
15 20
60 00
10 25
100 200
100 100
727 Joe-Mussle, 5. .-'... 105 5 5 h
711 Personne. 5 .., 110 1 7 8 1
732 Dare II, 5...... 110 3.3 1
627 Tom Cromwell, 6. .115 4 4 1
727 McFarlane. a 9S 8 6 'i
718 Magnus. 4 93 2 1 ■_
716 Rapldo. a f.... M 1 7.2
716 New Moon, 6 86 6 2 ';
72« Green Hook, a 981-9 9 2
716 Charlie Relf. 6 9SJ10 IP
4 1 - 4 2 111
5 14 7 2 7 2
3 1 : 2 1 3 1
5 2 6 2 6 %
6 4 6 >i . 6 h
2 1 3 h 4 i 2
7 2 S 84 8 10
12 ' 11% 2'i
9 6 0 6 9 2
ie ■ 10 10
11 11 jBullman
5 2 2 1 (Thorpe
3 h 3 ns H. Martin....
6 1 4 1 ; Plggott
4 % E % Mr-Nichols ...
2 h 6 1 Devln
8 10 7 2 Romero
7 1 S 10 Mounce
9 2 ' f 2 J. Daly
10 10 !Houck
Time— 1-16. :«6*i: 5-16. :3Qi 2 : 9-16. :5iVi: 13-16, l:tl%: mile. 1:41%; 1 l-18m. 1:48. Winner,
Earnshaw Bros.' b. h. by Imp. Cavalier-Spinster. Good start. Won first three driving.
Jo» Mu?sle is no longer a morning glory. *Personne ran a greatly improved racs. Dare
Scratched— Twinkle Twink 66.
r-r "7 FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
. 4 ** I • .parse, SJPO. . . - ■ ■ i '
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. I8t. SUL
Index. Horse. Age. Wei; 'St.
735 Rosinante. 5 107(1
(730) Wyoming, 5 1061 5
734 . Espionage. 3 ........ 90 4
724 Gotobed. 4 102 3
(715). Peter II, a IOSj 2
7lS Whe^l Fortune, a..lO2[ 6
Std.
2 h
4 2
3 4
1 h
6
5 h
Mm. %m.
4 h 6
3 M . 2 n
13 11
2 1 4 2
6- 6%
5 H . 3 Vi -
Mm. %m.
%m.
%m. Str.
4 % 3 2
2 1 2 h
1H 1-%
3 % 4 0.
6. 5 %
5 2. 6 .
Str.
Fin.
Fin. [ Jockeys. lOp. Cl.
1 2 Turner j l 1
2 n jBullman | 4 g
3 l : j Hal Brown... 3 18-5
4 6 IHolmes 6 15
5 2 Rimer 20 100
6 |H. Martin.. ..I 3 4
Tim*— 1-16 'T :-l« :**: 9-16. :57V4; 13-1K. 1:24; mile. 1:42: 1 l-16m, 1:48%. Winner, J. Cof-
fev's <h m by imp. Charaxjas-Ef hie. Good start. Wr, n .loverly Second and third driving.
Roalnftnte waa b_tt. l>j>ionage had her head turned loose when too late. The •Wheel's"
race puzeled her »taMe.
*7AQ FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I IB#Ulm
Index. Horsp. Age. Weight /St. '4m. V_m. *_m. Str. Fin. [ Jockey. |Op. c
Is,
! m. * ; ; Vim. ■. %m.. .
Str.
Fin. j
Jockeys.
i
729 San Mate.. 5 112
723 Eddie Jones, 4 110
m Midllght. 5...~ IW
730 Sly. 5 10.
735 Zamar II. 5 M9
... Brldllngton, 4 110
3
1
I
I
1 h
.5 4
3 1%
4 M ■ ■•
2 2
6
1 2%
.6 10
3 2
4 h.
2 %
6
11% 11
3 2 3 2
.23 . ' . 2 Vi
5 10 5 15 .
4 1 4 2..
6 6
1 2
2 2
3 3
4 %
5 20
«
:ter
>rpe
lman
8-5 6-5
3 13-5
5-2 9-2
6 8
6 12
100 300
Turner
es •. . . ,
my .:
Time— _T -is 1 -*: **. :3«%; r *. l:«%: % _W*fc Winner. Miller & Blazer'e br.~ h. by Salva-
tor-Irla Good start. Won first three driving.
• Pan Mateo la a rapid piece of racing furniture. Jones was late in Ratting to the meet-
ing' UXSiigM wa- a bit short. Don't overlook Sly in future races. She is rightly named
and can figure i j '
pm\tf\ SIXTH RA<?E— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
t •"*_>• ; .
.Index. Horse. Ape. Wetght.]
%m.
%m.
94m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
711 iriBin 3' 97 1 .... 34 2 t 2% 11 McNichols ... ; 6 '. 4
8 ££?££* r-ffl I ::: 1* *? '♦_ IS E^ne,:::::: I „
i|? Yaruba. 3 • i « 13 1X 63 Bu | lman 6 . 5 <,.*
"I f a v kl "K PO 5 '-i —":::^))! .-■:::•.:■■■ 8-j.-:-.-'8 6 ■-. 7 15 . 7 15 l>\ Turner ! 15 30
7J0 FierT 3 '. - 'M"^. 107 [ £ 8 S 8 8 'Ellis | 30 50
" Timer % 75% ;""%!"**-: %. 1:01^. Winner,; A. G. Blakeley's ch. c. by Teuton-Elsinore.
• G0^rvi^n' the'VlSEr fa'Xwn from the Catskills. Rip Van Winkle wa» bi.
• B ,riT ninrVin r mnoed from the clouds. Eaklns tossed up the sponge,
91. Tiburon 103. Gilt Edg. 84.
' Second Race— Five furlongs; selling; three-
I y par-olds:
1 738 Oioodora f<7 'i722)R!o Chico 110
: ... Kootenat 108 1 694 Aoh 113
743 Jerry Hum ....116 749 Yaruna 107
... Sweet Cakes ...105 749 Campus 102
723 BontbPl 105 ... Pnmpino 107
743 Stromo 107 ! 732 Juva 103
702 Master 8ack... .109] 714 Gilt Edge 102
441 Magdalenas 1051 ... Last Cheer 107
i Third Race— Four furlongi; two-year-olds;
1 selling:
j 710 Bip Horn 101 (6i3)lnnovator 101
; 740 El Arte 9S 710 Pldalla 9«
(74O)Harry Thatcher.lo4l 6SI Lomond 106
I 710 Rixford 104 1 740 Rachel C 101
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
; selllncr: three-year-olds and up:
; 747 Ootobed 102 i 707 Shasta Water. ..100
! 735 Topmast 115 I 746 Tom Cromwell. .110
! 724 Judge Wofford.. S9I 742 Tom Calvert 101
734 Moringa 1021 734 Lost Girl 108
j 742 Earl Cochran...lo2 !
Fifth Race— One mile; selling; three-year
olda:
: 743 Malay 107 I «4S The Wooer 101
> T42 Rainier ..' 107 ! (749)Elsin 104
Ti."' i ".aunt let 110 ' 699 Gilberto 101
623 Whaleback 110 | (694)Ract\-an 107
Pixth Race— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
1 up:
708 Mainbar 107' 695 Prompt© 110
737 Mainstay 113! 636 El Salado 105
739 Highland Ball.. .110! ... Golden Link .... 93
695 Storm King 113;
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Opponent. Amelia Fonso. Novla.
Second Race— Ach. Ma^dalenas. Jerry Hunt.
Third Race— Lomond, Harry Thatcher, Inno
vator.
| Third Race— Topmast, Mortnga. Lost Girl.
Fifth Race— Whaleback. Racivan, Gauntlet.
Sixth Race— Storm King, Highland Ball.
Mainstay.
Bettors in Poor Form.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. Weather
fine; track slow. Cherry Leaf was the
only winning favorite. Results:. .
First race, one mile— Cherry Leaf won.
Donna Rita second, Debride third. Time,
1:44%.
Second race, selling-, six and a half fur
longs, Nellie Prince won, Ned Wickes sec
ond, Falconlight third. Time. 1:25^. El
i mer S finished second, but was disquali
fied for fouling Ned Wickes in. the stretch.
Third race, selling:, one mile— Briggs
won, Official second, R. B. Sack third.
Time, 1:44^. . ■ '
Fourth race, handicap, seven and a half
furlongs — Henry Launt ■ won, Colonel
Frank Waters second, Morini third. Time,
1:87%.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and seventy
yards— Conway won. Annie Tayloi
second, Pontet Canet third. Time, 1:60%.
Sixth race, selling', seven furlongs— Ben
Frost won, General Maceo second, Lau
reate third. Time, 1:32.
TRIED TO ENTER A HOUSE.
H. G. Sutton, a Racetrack Tout, Ar
rested After a Hot Chase.
H. G. Sutton, who is said to be a race
track tout, was arrested early yesterday
morning by Policemen Gould and Morton
on a charge of attempt to commit a bur
glary. The case was called before acting
Police Judge Groezinger yesterday and
continued till to-morrow.
The servant girl in the house of Emil
Bauer, 183S Stelner street, was awakened
about 3 o'clock yesterday morning by a
noise at a rear window. She notified
Bauer, and he opened a window and blew
a police whistle. Officers Gould and Mor
ton responded and saw Sutton running
through a lot adjoining the house. They
started in pursuit and soon overtook him.
They returned to the house and found
that Sutton had placed a ladder against
the wall and had attempted to open the
window. He said he was drunk and did
not know what he was doing.
Fowler's Big Haul.
William 1-owier, wno was arresieu on
: Monday night by Detectives Gibson and
| Wren for stealing a large quantity of
)< welry from C. V. Miller on July 28 last,
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
and the cape was continued for a week.
The detectives think they will have oth
er charges against Fowler before they
are done with him.
Hit With a Bottle.
Axle Wahlsten. a sailor, wes yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Mogan on a charge of assault
i with a deadly weapon in $3000 bonds.
Saturday he hit Uzzie Katya. a servant
in the lodging-house 241 Steuart street,
twice on the head with a bottle and she
is still in a dangerous condition.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
CLAMOR FOR
THEIR HARD
EARNED COIN
Wheelmen After Ken
nedy's Scalp.
DID NOT FULFILL PROMISES
SENSATIONAL AFTERMATH OF
THE SIX-DAY RACE.
Shocking Stories of Cruelty Inflicted
by an Avaricious Manage
ment — Arrest o£
Kennedy.
Dissatisfaction and indignation are rife
In the ranks of the six-day bicycle rid
ers, their trainers and the numerous con
tingent of ushers, doorkeepers, etc., who
were connected with the hippodrome that
was recently inflicted on the public.
The riders are clamoring for their pay,
and are lustily complaining of the bad
faith displayed by the men who brought
them from the chilly East to toil around
a board track for the edification of a
curious and uncharitable public. The
trainers, who spent nights of ceaseless
vigil encouraging their men to renewed
exertions, are loud In their demands for
the amounts due them.
Believing in the promises of "Jim"
Kennedy, fight promoter and general as
sistant to William A. Brady in the farce
just enacted, that he would settle their
claims yesterday, they all collected in the
corridor of the Columbian building and
awaited his coming. They were com
pelled to stay in the corridor, as the sup
posed "headquarters" of the American
Cycle Racing Association were u»fur
nished and locked. For hours they longed
for Kennedy's coming, but they were
doomed to disappointment. Long after
the time fixed for the meeting he sent
word that he would pay the numerous
claims at Corbett's poolrooms to-day.
Fournier, whose exhibitions on his "In
fernal machine" was a feature of the
meet, was among the crowd that waited.
He, like the other riders who competed
in the races, was loth to say anything
disparaging of the management, fearing
that his transportation to the East would
be withheld out of revenge. Not so the
trainers, who are local residents. Before
that disgusted and disappointed contln
i gent left the building they told of broken
i agreements and gave instances of brutal
| treatment on the part of Brady and Ken-
In the six day race," said one dis
gruntled trainer, "Pilkington was guar
anteed $50 If he rode 1500 miles or over.
At 3 o'clock Sunday morning he had rid
den the stated distance, and as he had no
chance to land inside the money Barnaby,
who held eighth place, being sixty miles
ahead of him, his trainer, V. Shafer, went
to Brady and asked him if his man would
receive anything for continuing. He was
pointedly told that he would not, where
upon Shafer informed Brady he would
take his man off the track. Brady threat
ened to have him thrown out of the building.
Shafer ordered Pilkington from the track,
but later in the day the fatigued rider
returned to the grind, fearing he would
lose his transportation home.'
Another of the many tales told by par
ticipants was to the effect that In the
early part of the twenty-four hour race
Nawn was afflicted with a swollen ankle
and left the track. It is said that Ken
nedy went to hirt and ordered him to re
turn and pedal a few hundred miles or
walk or ride his wheel back, to New York.
Nawn, still suffering excruciating pain,
obeyed his hard taskmaster, and man
aged to circle the track with one pedal.
The tribulations of Julius, one of the
Swedish representatives. In the six-day
grind were pitiful. His trainer, Frank
Eli the pugilist, departed with Julius
money and clothes early in the game,
while he was snatching a few winks, and
the unfortunate ridtr was left to sleep
ten hours, while his rivals were pedaling
to victory, thus ruining his chances of
landing a prize. He just managed^ to
struggle within the 1500 mile mark but,
like the rest of the losers, has not re
ceived a cent for his exertions. It is
said that during the race Julius had verj
little food, and actually cried in his tent
because of the want of nourishment.
Lawson, "the Terrible Swede," despite
the fact that he did not receive a cent for
hi! hard work, paid his trainer $10 out of
his own pocket. Fredericks, it is said,
was brought from Europe to compete In
the six day race held in New > ork in 1898
He was under contract to ride and had
his expenses paid. The same rosy induce
ments were held out to him to come to
California, and he accepted Brady a offer
He was greatly surprised at the end of
the tournament to receive $400 of the $600
he won for being in third place at the
finish The $200 was deducted to pay hotel
bills and railroad fare here, and now he Is
kicking, as he must pay his trainers out
of the remaining amount.
The hard-working riders complained be
cause McCoy was given $200 for giving a
bag-punching exhibition the last two
nights. They claim he was not a drawing
card and that the amount paid him was
rightfully due the men. who earned it by
loss of sleep and hard riding.
Stevens, who finished first in the twenty
four hour race, said he would not have
competed had he known he was to receive
but $190 for his exertions. Out of that sum
he will have to pay his trainer, and he ex
pects that Kennedy will deduct railroad
fare and hotel expenses.
There are other complaints too numer
ous to mention. Everybody is dissatisfied,
and although William A. Brady has their
confidence, his agent, J. C. Kennedy, is
looked upon as being a breaker of prom
ises. It is Intimated that if he does not
settle the claims due the men and their
trainers to-day there is likely to be
trouble as a number of the latter threaten
to get satisfaction for the loss of sleep
and the hard work they performed dur
ing the meet.
Kennedy was arrested yesterday on a
warrant sworn to by William J. Ryan,
better known as "King" Ryan, charging
him with misdemeanor embezzlement. He
was reFeased on a $500 bond. Ryan was
Aronson's trainer. He tried to collect $50
from the latter for service*; rendered Ar
onson, who won second money. Aronson
informed Ryan that Kennedy had with
held that amount from his prize money,
and Ryan had the rider arrested, but the
court dismissed him. Ryan then appealed
to Kennedy for the money, and as the
latter refused to turn the amount over
Ryan had him arrested on the above
charge on a complaint sworn to before
Judge Mogan.
BAN ON LONG FREIGHT CARS.
New Order Issued by Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe.
The Southern Pacific and Santa Fe com
panies have issued an order to the effrct
that they will no longer handle freight
cars exceeding forty feet in length. This
is the result of the annoyanco and trouble
created by such cars in the making up of
trains. Another objection to their use is
that it puts shippers who have no need
of the longer cars to considerable disad
vantage. The order will apply to all
shipments except to and from Portland,
Tacoma and Seattle.
The Valley road directors held their
regular meeting yesterday afternoon, but
beyond signing certain bills and a desul
tory talk as to the work on the line from
Stockton and Point Richmond and termi
nal facilities no business of importance
was transacted.
In consequence of the resignation of W.
H. Truesdale. first vice president and
general manager of the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railway, Second Vice
President H. A. Parker succeeds Mr.
Truesdale as general manager. The new
appointments are: H. Gower. assistant
freight traffic manager, Chicago; E. B.
Boyd. general freight agent for lines east
of "the Missouri, and H. H. Embry. late
commercial agent at Buffalo, gf-neral
freight agent for the lineß west of the
Missouri. No changes are contemplated
in the Pacific Coast appointments.
1 INSANE WOMAN RUNS AMUCK |
8 g
§ Armed With a Revolver She Tries to |
1 Shoot One of Her Sex. |
g!5 Mrs. Minnie Donahue of. 42 Xatoma street is congratulating herself that «
# she is not occupying a slab in the Morgue. Late • yesterday afternoon she 2*
2S was walking along Natoma street a short distance from her home, when a «
& woman whom she, did not know accosted her, and drawing a revolver told 28
8J " her to pray, as she was about to "fill her with bullets:" • Realizing that the Q
» woman was insane, Mrs. Donahue took to her heels, hoping to reach her. g
SS home before the demented female could shoot her. As she rah along the-g
S street the insane woman . leveled the revolver at her, and at the top of her g
g voidfe ordered her to stop under penalty of being made a subject for the §§
6* Coroner. Turning around to see if the woman was gaining .on her, Mrs. £
£ Donahue was paralyzed with fear to see the revolver pointed at her, the gs
28 maniac endeavoring to pull the trigger. Reaching her home, Mrs. Dona-- £
# hue ran upstairs and securely locked the door. Just as the demented wo- S3
S3 man started after her Police Officer Royston appeared on the scene and g
p. placed her under arrest. She still had the revolver in her hand, and as the •$
™ officer seized her she raised it as if intending to shoot. Royston quickly H
3 disarmed her and summoning the patrol wagon had her conveyed to the £
5$ Receiving Hospital. She gave her name as Mary Wren, and was recog- gj
c 5 nized as a former inmate of the Napa Insane Asylum. She was placed in #
52 a padded cell, pending an examination before the Commissioners of Lunacy, j»
ot To one of the surgeons in the hospital Mrs. Wren said that when she #
« "passed Mrs. Donahue the latter looked at her as if she wanted to do her g£
of some injury. . - 0
A "I thought she intended to harm me," she said, "and I drew my re"vol- $?
J? vet, determined to shoot her. If she had been brought up as a soldier she «
Of would not have run away and I would then have hacl the extreme pleas- 88
•S ure of shooting her." , S
# It is claimed that Mrs. Wren, since being discharged from the Napa. In- JS
$5 sane Asylum, which was only a short time ago, has frightened a number of X
jx women by pointing her revolver at them and threatening to shoot them. g
■HSGHKOESSCn O ?2 £ S8 O *iOSWSQ%O !S 0!*0.%0».05052 O S8 © 88 £ S2O?2OSiOSiOB
IRVING M. SCOTT TALKS
OF NATIONAL DESTINY
UNITED STATES MUST HOLD THE
PHILIPPINES.
Speaker Declares We Are Committed
to a Policy of Territorial Expan
sion — Lecture Illustrated.
Trying M. Scott delivered an interesting
lecture on "Uncle Sam on Land and Sea"
under the auspices of Pioneer Council No.
1 of the Young Men's Institute last even
ing in Metropolitan Temple.
The speaker spoke from the standpoint
of a territorial expansionist and declared
his belief that the new policy inaugurated
by the United States was the first step
toward the national destiny as a great
colonizing power. He reviewed the_his
tory of the country from the t'rst efforts
to plant colonies on our shores by Eng
land and other countries of Europe and
dwelt upon the tyranny under which our
forefathers suffered at the hands of their
oppressors until they broke the chains
that bound them and set up a republic
of their own, which has since become
glorious He reviewed the history of the
United States, including itß various wars,
and gave a short resume of the incidents
leading up to the recent contest with
Spain which resulted in our suddenly tak
ing our plate among the colonizing na
tions of the world. The lecture was illus
trated with stereoptioon views and the
lecturer concluded with a short discus
sion of the kind of government to be es
tablished in the Philippines, which are
now a part of our domain and must be
held by us.
The following programme was also ren
dered: „ . ,i
Overture, Professor Segismondo Mar
tinez; introductory. Stephen 1.. Sullivan,
president Pioneer Council; vocal solo,
Frank W. Thompson: instrumental duet,
" William Tell," R. Laxaja and S. Mar
tinez; soprano solo. Miss Daisy V. Keane:
recitation. "The Race of the Oregon.
Thomas W. Hickey; chorus, "Battle
Hymn of the Republic."
GAVE HER MUSH FOR SUPPER
Solomon Kusel Defends Himself
Against His Wife's Con
tentions.
Solomon A- Kusel, tba aged capitalist,
who has been made defendant in a suit
for non-support of his wife, Caroline, was
on tho witness stand yesterday explaining
to the court the quality and quantity of
the meals -with which he used to provide
his wife. All day long Kusel and others
talked about bread and butter, mush for
supper, boiled beef served hot two days
and the third cold, and so on. The case
Is peculiar, as well as the defendant. He
does not claim the meals were of the best,
but contends that if they were good
enough for him they were good enough
for his wife. Solomon also avers that his
wife was bad and stayed out late, very
late some nights as late as 11 o'clock, and
did not toll him where she was. This talk
will continue until the court cries hold
and decides the rase.
Bunko Men in Court.
Thomas Costigan, George 'Walton, alias
Campbell, James Fisher and Charles Clib
bon, bunko men, appeared before Judge
Mo&an yesterday. The cases of Costi
gan and Walton were continued till to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
The Remedy Can Be Given in Tea,
Coffee op Food, Thus Absolutely
and Secretly Curing the
Patient, in a Short
Time Without His
Knowledge.
This cure for Drunkenness has shed a
radiance into thousands of hitherto deso-
late firesides. It does its work so silently
and surely that while the devoted wife,
sister or daughter looks on, the drunkard
is reclaimed even against his will and
without his knowledge or co-operation.
The discoverer of this grand remedy. Dr.
Haines, will send a sample of the remedy
free to all who will write for it. Enough
of the remedy is mailed free to show how
it is used In tea, coffee or food and that
it will cure the dreaded habit quietly and
permanently. Send your name and ad-
dress to Dr. J. W. Haines, 1037 ' Glenn
Building, Cincinnati, 0., enclosing six
cents in stamps to cover postage and he i
will mail a free sample of the remedy to
you, securely sealed in a plain wrapper. ]
also full directions how to use it, books i
and testimonials from hundreds who have '
been cured, and everything needed to aid ]
you in saving those near and dear to you
from a life of degradation and ultimate !
poverty and disgrace.
Send for a free trial to-day. It will
'brighten the rest of your life.
MErQ\/IT A KMtom VITALITY
IMCrt VMM LOST VIGOR.
yaffil ■ AND MANHOOD
TO*w J Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
JgSi&'jpfd diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
indiscretion. A nerve-tonic and blood-builder.
i Brings the pink slo«/a pale cheeks and re
a H«^ / «tore» the fire of youth. By mail 50c per
bcxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
S'fn^Sef^guarantee to cure or refund the money.
nmita medic*! Co., Canton 4 Jackson $t*., ebica«s.
1 WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye..San Francisco.
RUPTURE.
IBs~Y ] ' r^~' 3MB . USB NO MORE IRON
WfcctejkfjgtfjH^ Hoop* or Steel Springs
f^HHKr . .. Rupture retained with cut
fl^-^^W^t an ' 5 comfort, and thousands radl-
■ fW* cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
% /Ja Magnetic Elastic Trus«. fC3" Call aJ.
. X^a^ office or write for New Pamphlet No. L
1 MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
CO Market at., opp. Palace Hotel.* SanFrancUcq
/^^z Dr. Giblion's Dispensary,
JL,,-^^ «25 KEABNT ST. Established
H*flPsß» In 1854 for the treatmont of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
H2SKEABNY!«T. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment ot Private
Diseases, Lost Man bood. Dobllity or
WKWCaajaift disease wearing on bodyand mind and
SMBun Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
SwfflßßßKi others fall. Try him. Charges low. j
' SSBBSSBbeI Cures cnarantc>«><l. Call or write. '
Z»r. J. t. uIISBUN , Bex 1857, 6»u Franclsoo, i
day; Fisher's was continued till March
7 to await the result of his trial in the
Superior Court on the charge of grand
larceny, and Clibbon, who is a barber
and had the misfortune to be seen with
the others, was set at liberty. Walton is
an old-timer and has been convicted of
various offenses.
WITNESSED THE KILLING.
Mrs. Fred Willenbrink Saw Scatena
Fire Two Shots at Brincoli.
Daniel Scate,na, who shot and killed his
partner, S. Brancoli, in their fruit store
at 811 Larkin street Monday night, ap
peared before acting Police Judge Barry
yesterday morning. The case was con.
tinued for a week to await the result of
the Coroner's inquest.
Sergeant Bush yesterday procured an
other witness to the shooting. Mrs. Fred
Willenbrink. who lives at 1 Saratoga
court, was in front of the fruit store when
she heard a shot. She looked into the
store and saw Scatena with a revolver in
his hand and saw him fire two shots at
Brincoli. Then Brincoli came out of the
store and brushed her arm in passing.
She watched him as he walked toward
Geary street and fell.
Scatena will claim self-defense, as he
alleges that Brincoli made a movement
toward his hip pocket before he shot him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETOMEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
' years against the mental and physical
I suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
! tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a homo
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness, resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, .weak back, varico-
cele. or emaciation of parts can now cur«
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. 193 First National Bank
building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desiro*s of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
Btltute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
|^ Steamers leave Broadway
fn^H^ wharf. San Francisco:
' BMKmS^ For Alaskarf ports. 10 a. m.,
j IS^rSwei Feb. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25: Mar. 3:
I&SEIS\i! change at Seattle.
'■ R2K&*3^JSrtl For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
ffl&Jjau C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^^BE'|Hß Tacoma, Everett. Anacnrtes
and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. m.. Feb. 8. 10. 15, 20. 25:
Mar 2 and every fifth day thereafter; chance
thereafter. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavuco. Port Haford (San Luis Obispo).
SavYrta: SanVa Barbara Ventura. Hueneme
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los »" 1? 51. '&1
I Ma" rand ever"y fourth'day thereafter Har'
For San Dteco. stoppioK only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblreo). Santa Barbara, Port
m° 3 Fe n b ge 1 ! 3 ana il R «? S 27tT a l r eB) 3. U an a d
"F^ffi^aaar ffia^a Bay San Jose
A For further Information obtain folder. -
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers. Bailing dates
'TICKET' OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
■*sppiS& C *pgg£V N. * CO.^Oen^^ ■
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO «
PORTLAND
< From SDear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *12 First Class Including Herth«
lAnt *8 Second Clos* and Meal».
Columbia sails Feb. 12, 22: March 4. 14.
State of California sails Feb. 7. 17. 27.
Short 'line to Walla Walla. Spokane, . Butte.
j Helena and all points In the Northwest-
Through tickets to all points East.
■ E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * Cg^^^
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
: (French Llne»
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^j^,
' (FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <30SL£
i at 10 a m. from Pier 42.. North ««a»KWB»
I River, foot of Morton street. ,
!LA NORMANDIE. Mar 4
j LA CHAMPAGNE. arch "
LA BRETAGNE ..........March IS
LA TOUKINE March 1 25
LA N0RMAND1E. ...:.....:........ ..April!
First-class to Havre. 1 $65 and upward. 5 per
' cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.*' :
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITEDSTATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
! J F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
I 5 Montgomery aye., Ban F.ranclsco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE . WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p.m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling <• at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and : Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG MARU ..... Friday, March 17
NIPPON MARU. .'. ..... . . . .Wednesday, April •12
AMERICA' MARU... .......:.. ..Saturday. May 6
Round-trip tickets ,at reduced rates. . For
| freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. - ' :
i ■£;.:■} W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
The First j
& Shipment
jJKJSf ' MM||||l| ■_ .1 ■« — i — — T~TT— —
j^of our spring
jifanci summer
JP shoes are now on sale.
We are prepared to supply
the finest shoes that skilled
workmen can produce at prices
lower than ever before.
Our windows will display all the
handsomest up-to-date shoes for
spring and summer wear.
See this display tor styles and prices.
ALL GOODS SOLD AT STRICTLY ONE
PRICE FOR NET CASH.
NOLAN BROS.
812-814 Market St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Prom New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul February 22[St. Paul.. March li
Bt. Louis March 1 St. Louis March 23
•RED STAR LINE,
Mew York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. tl noon.
Kensington Feb'y 15 Southwark March 8
Noordland Feb'y 22 Westernland.. March 15
Frleeiand :.. March 1 Kensington — March 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to ' -
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery Bt.. < ■Ny of Its agencies
PanSßßiSff) S S - AUSTRALIA
IEBIIIL Bails for Honolulu
l *gg B * a " w Wednesday, March 8,
GW^^lir^ at The 's m s. Alameda
nMPJMiSn IK* sails via Honolulu and
QHWMIJniy Auckland for Sydney
(OfllßflftW"* Wednesday. March 22.
wiiipwivTl at io p. m. . .
Line to.COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. • "■ „ ■
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents."
" 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco. |
•~ " I
BAY AND RIVES STEAMERS.
~FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Y.onticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fridays
1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office. Mlss!on-st. Dock,- Pier No.
2. Telephone. Main 1508.
FARE , ...500 j
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
A Superb Train
JEpfflflW EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
KtipW^jn VIA THE
IpipCnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO!
WITHOUTJHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS j
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CARS.
PULLMAN TOURIST . SLEEPERS.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
, ONLY 3% DAYS TO CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco dally at • p. m.
'■'"■ ': >: -v i ■■■■ . .. i '
;. D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
•'.;'; t?> : -' . Yin Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.-
WEEK DAYS— 7:2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:44,
8:45, 6:15, 'fi:©©, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at U:3O P. tn-
SUNDAYS— •S:OO. *10:00, '11:30 a. m.; 1:15. <
1:00. '4:30. 6:15 p. m. . •
Trains marked • run to San Quentln :
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6.33. 7:45. »»:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20. *3:45. 5:05 p. m. „. ' •- '" '
EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. . Wednesdays ;
and" Saturdays at "6:40 p. n6:00. 11:55 L m.;
SUNDAYS-6:20, *8:00. »10:00. Iltoa a. m. .
•1:15 »3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m. »,« X.
Trains marked • starts from San Quentln
FROM MII.L VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:45. 7:u5. 9:40 a.- m. .
' "extra "TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
M 6 d ulfD U AYS y -Bfc«. 7: Ka m m.; i::05. 1:20, 3:20. \
«:00. 6:20 p. m. HROUGH TRAINS .
1:10 a. m. week days-Cazadero and way sta ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way sta'a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899. trains will run as follows;
South-bound. North-bound.
Paesen- Mixed. . Mixed. Passen*
. ger. , Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
, Dally. Exc'ptd _ Exc'ptd | Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm ! 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced 12:48 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am! 6:35 pm Kivsno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 ami 7:45 pm Hanford * 7:45 am 1.45 pm
. 2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakers Held 2:00 am 11:06 ara
11:59 am 8:25 pm! Viealla 6:40 ami 1:22 p:n
■ 12:15 pm 6:63 pm Tulara I L 6:t,0 am 1:0.1 pm.
'r Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars. of slate, and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Market
I street. _Sa.a Francisco. . . ._.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
- (Via Sau»*llto "trry.) ■ • '<■ '"'■' '■':'
<■' Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bept. 11. 1898: •-■ ■*"_.«
Week Day»-»:3» a. m.. 1:45 p. in- _
. Bunday»-8:00. 10:00. 11:10 _ a. m.. 1:U p. m. ,
Ronn<S trip from Mill Valley. $L A.; % , -_.
THOB. COOK A SON, Agent*. «a Market ,
Mr-*. a.» BVanclaeo. • < ? -;• ' ,- J
AUCTION SALES.
! ABSOLUTE AUCTION
OF FINE, RARE. ANTIQUE
TURKISH, fyi T/^p
PERS^ N R (iS
I ROYAL IRANS I V KJ VJ **J
BY THE
TURKISH RUG CO.
AT
1-23 GE/\RY STREET.
Sale commences FRIDAY, March 3, at 10:30
a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Goods on view THURSDAY. March 2.
This direct imcortation is lust out of the
Custom House for this sale, and none of the
rugs have been shown in the Uuited States be-
fore.
■■*. A. W. LOUDERHACK. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
ffOITTUKRN PACIFIC CO3IPANT.
(PAcirro M7STKM.)
Trolna Ifnte nml me ;lii«- lo itrrlve i«l
NAN ritAK4'lNf'4».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
C.SAVX — Fbom Deo. IS, 1898. — abriti
•6:OOa Niles. 6an Jose »nd Way Stations.!. *.5:4,->4
7 :0O\ Benlcia, Suisuu »iiJ Sacramento. . . . 5:43»
7:OOa Marys»ille, Oroviilcand Ueddins via
Woodland 5:4T.r
*:OOa Klniira, Vacaviile and Kumsey 8:43*
7:3" a Martinez, San lUmon. Vullejo. Naps,
Caliatcijaand Santa Rosa 6:1. 1f
B:OOa Atlantic Express. Og.ieu and K»«t.. Ba43v
Hi:ti>A S»u Jose, LiTerniore, Rtacktini,
lone, Sacramento, Pl«c^rTiU^
MaryiTiMe. Chieo, He.l Iliu'r 4tl»»
*::COa •Milton. Oakdale and Jamestown... 4:13p
tttOOA Martinez. Tmcy. Lathrop. btockton.
Merced k ml Fresno 12:15*
»:OOa Fretno. KakerslivM. Santa Unrlmrn,
Lv« ADgcles, Deuiiug, El Taso,
New Orleans and East 6:43p
10:OOa Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations ' 7:45»
I is :OO* NUts, Ll»ermore, Btockt6n, aacra- - >.i,.
mtnto. MendcU. Hanfurd. Vlaalia,
; O.vV PorterrUle *- I **
•I :O«r Sacramento lUrer Stenmon •Bxoo*
«t«(»r Martlnex, Sail . lUiiion, Vallejo.
. Niip:i, (Jallatnsw. Saiita lloaa oil3a
4i«Of Benicia, VacavMe, HacrHiuento,
. Woo.Uand, Knights Lauding,
MarydTiUe, Oio»llle 10:45k
4:nop Niles, San Jose aud Stockton 7:13»
S'.oof Francisco anrl Lo» Angeles
■ • Limited Fresno. Baktreneld. Los
Avgtles B-Mk
oi3op Stockton. Mexceil, Frenno 12:13»
BtXor Martinez, Tracy, M en(loU " Fresno.
Mu]ifo, Santa Barbara an.l i..w
Auk« 1«« »i 4»»
16: OOF Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East ;»:45A
. BiSvr Santa re It.iiin:. Ai,..,,U. i.»i)te»»
for Mojaro an.l lOast. 5*5* *
6:O«i- KiirupoauMall, Ogilunand lOiut »:4O«
6:00p Hay wards, Xiles and Han Jose 7:15 a
•Bi«Oi> ViTllajp 18:l3p
t7(OOr Vallejo, Port .Costa and Way Sta-
tions t9:4."»»
SiUOp Oregon l<:x|rr«ra,Hi>crHiiieiito, Marys-
tlllr. lte.l.ll:iK. Portland, l'nget
Hiiiiikl and Kn»t »il»»
«l«iOsr Sanjet Limited. Fresno. !.os i
=> <■ . %- An«*le«, Xl Puo, New Orleans
an' Ewt tl:4By
" SAN I,KA.M>HO AM> lI\Y«AIM»S tJOCkL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
1 HelrOMf, ScnilnarT i'ark, .
«:OO* Kltcliiiurjr, Klmhurßt. O:I5a
<9:00 a San I.mtiilro, South San l*0:43&
1O.««a l,ean.lro, Ki.tn<»llo, ut.tii*.
<li:oov Lorenzo, Cherry ■ *? ! *!* p
3>«op and I*?
S:OO P ll» T iTar.l». 'Z'.iH
. ' IOO » I Runs tbrougli to Nile.. "*°*
) I From Niles. I .
" COAST VISION (NnrrOTT (Jnage).
(Foot of Market Street.) ____»
Bil3ANewark,C'eiit^rTille.BanJose,Felton, •
Boulder Creek.Santa and Way
Statlona. •••• 3:3«»
•««I3f Newark. CenWTlllo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* •lOiSO*
4:I!Jp Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... D:4o*
tlli4sp Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
Way Stations ■ :« ;ao >
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnnStl mSCISCQ—fMt of Mtrkit Eireit iSi;= Bi—
•7:15 9:00 40 A.M. 1 1:03 *2:00 t3:0»
•4:00 tS:SO »6:oflr.M.
frwOtlUSD— r«»l«fßroidir«y.— 'B:oo 8:00 10:00*. H.
tl3:00 "1:00 t3:00 *3:C3 ti-00 'g:33r.M.
COAST I>IT1SI«»N (Broad Gauge).
(Third und Townteiui St«.) i
7:OOa Nan .lose an. l Wi.y St (i.,i,a (New ™"
.:;- ■■---• • Almarton Wednesdays only) 1:SO»
0iO«a Hail Jos«, Treß rim», ShiiU Cruz,
' l'acllio <ir»T«. l'uu Unities. San
— I.nis OMbm, Guadalupe, Surf and
I'rliieliial Waj Stations 4«1O»
• Ift!«»A'Saii.lns« ami Way .Stations.. »8««OA.
lIiSOa San J.we am! Way Stations Bi3*a
•Mi43fSati Matso, Redwood, Munlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lim«,
Gllroy, Hollistcr. S»unt» Cruz.
Salinas, Monterey and I'acille
flrore «lO:S«a
•li3opSanJos«aud Way Stations ♦»:««*
•4:13r San Jose an, l Principal Way Stations «:43a
•»:ll«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:!13a
5:U«p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations !i:.i»T
O::iOr San Jose and Way Stations 7:»Op
tlli43i- San Josa ami Way Stations 7:: top
. A for Morning 1' for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. ' Sundays only I Saturdays only
■JMotid^js and Thursday*. aTuendays and Saturdays.
(Saturday-sand Wednesdays. fcTlrimd^vs and Sundays.
CALIFO2NIA NORTHVESTERN EL CO.
LjBSSHH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.: 13:!*,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:63
and 11:30 p. m. . .•■'..;-/• -;.----
Bins' DAYS— B:oo. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:80, 3:30,
6:00, .6:20 p. m.
■ SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
VTEKK DAYS— 6:10, T:EO, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:48,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlp» at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
Wit DAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 5;44,
(:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and. Schuetzen Park
lime schedule as above. •
• Leave Arrive «
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Franclsce.
. October 16. -
Week ! Sun- 18S8. Sun- | "Week
Days. . ' Days. Destination, days. I days.
7-30 am' 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am' 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma 6:10 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
• " f Fulton. .
TtSO am Windsor. 10:13 &a
Healdaburg.
. Lytton.
Gey6ervllle.
1:80 pm »:00am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm «:M pm
Hopland and
7:80 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:82 pm
7:80 am "~ ' - . . 10:85 urn
8:00 am GurneyvlHe. 7:35 pm
1:80 pm • - -•■• . - - -■ 6:22 pm
7:tO am ~8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 turn
and '
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pmi ; . 7:35 pm| *:12 pm
Btajrea connect at Santa Rtisa for' Mark .West
Bprtngs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oay-
«er\-llle for Skagtfs Spring; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopl&nd for Duncan Spring*.
Highland Springs. Ke'.seyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lekeport and Bartlett
Bprlnjrs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Borings, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter alley.
John Day's. Riverside, L'erley"s. Bucknell'a.
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville. Booneville, Orr"«
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags.
Weetport. fsal. Wlllltts. Laytonville, Cum-
Sling's, - Bell's Spring*, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka. ! '• . »
Saturday to Monday j round trip ticket* at
reduced rates. '
On Sundays round trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at.. Chronicle bid*
H. C. WHITING. _ R-; X. RYAN.
ileneral Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
California
• Limited ; ■';"
Santa fe Route
Connecting: Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 3
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY. ;. 4"
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th«
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In Nev*
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
' and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob,
servation Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dail*
Overland Express.
m iHAiiciscojiCßEflncE— MARKET SI
- ■ ' ; TELEPHONE ' MAIN 15M.
Oakland OfSoe— lllB Broadway,
- Sacramento offio»—2ol J 3tre»L '■'-
fit* Jose Offior- Wast Santa Olan Si
.■:-■■ -. -• . •-■ , ' .'■ . . - ■•■••.■..
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PROSECUTION
IN BRANDES
CASE RESTS
Defendant's Attorneys
Make Charges.
TALK OF POLITICAL PULLS
DR. WOOLSEY WILL OPEN FOR
THE DEFENSE.
The Skull of the Dead Girl Will Be
Exhibited, but the Accused
May Not Go on the
Stand.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Feb. 28.
The best part of four weeks has been
consumed in the trial of William A.
Brandes. charged with brutally beating
to death his 13-year-old daughter. The
trial commenced on February 7, and the
greater part of the time has been occu
pied by the defense in the cross-exami
nation of medical experts called by the
prosecution.
Late this afternoon, after Drs. Hoag
land, Shannon. Whltworth and Eastman j
had given testimony the prosecution an- i
jounced that the State rested its case.
The testimony of these physicians was \
almost Identical with that given hereto- j
fore by Dra. Buteau, Rowell arid others.
Questions usked by Borne «t the jurors;
have facilitated matters and have dem- ;
onstrated the unusual interest taken In |
se by the Jury- The experts called
by the prosecution have all testified that
Lillian Brandes died of meningitis,!
i by blows \ipon the head with some |
heavy, blunt weapon, and not by hang- j
me- 'that thp marks found on her neck |
were probably made through the friction i
<.r" a rope, and could not have been made
with an apron, with which the defense
claims the sir! hanged herself; and that
on the day <>f the girl's death she was
physically Incapable of having hanged
Tomorrow morning the defense will
open its batteries by placing L>r. E 11.
Woolsey on the stand, on whom thej
base their greatest hope of tearine down i
what the prosecution has established.
The skull or. rather, the skull cap, of
the dead girl, which was taken from her j
corpse as she lay in the undertaking par
lors at Berkeley, will be exhibited, and
by it Attorneys Bennett and Sawyer ex
pect to prove inaccuracies in the testi
monY of the people's experts.
When Dr Woolsey's testimony has con
cluded Drs. Muller. Pratt. Eaton and
Crowley are to be called, and in this con
nection Attorney Sawyer made a some
what sensational statement this after
noon. He said: .
•■I do not know just why it is. but
some person is going around to our lned-
Ical experts and trying to use political m
fluence to null down several of them. \
It is quite Ukelj that the attention of j
the court will be called to the matter. i
The statement that the defense will
place the accused on the stund is provis
ionally denied by Attorney Sawyer. 1 lie
- that this has not yet been de
cided upon. "If we inak. our cas^ strong
enough," he .-aid. "we will submit it to
the jury. We may. however, put Brandes
en the 'stand. He has nothing to conceal, i
If he does not testify, though, It cannot |
be used against him, as he has his choice >
according to law." |
Mrs. Etta Brandes, who is also charged
with murder, appeared in court to-day
and had her case put over for another
week.
CANDIDATES TO BE ARRESTED.
Trouble Follows Their Eagerness to
Get Before the Public.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 28.— 1n their eagerness i
tq get their names prominently before
the people the local candidates have pla- I
carded the town until the fences and!
deadwalla have the appearance of patch
work quilts. The. politicians will ttnd
their method of advertising rather costly,
fur within a day complaints will be sworn
to. charging them with violating a city
ordinance in thus placarding the city. The
maximum penalty is $*.*• fine or three;
months' imprisonment. To-night some of
the candidates are hurrying about town j
tearing down their placards, while others j
are rustling up bondsmen. It is stated
that warrants will be issued for at least
- lif teen of the candidates.
OPINIONS DIFFER AS
TO LYNN'S INSANITY
EFFORTS TO SHOW MOTIVE FOR ;
HIS CRIME. i
— — — — - ]
His Mother-in-Law Says He Was
Not Insane When He Shot !
Her Daughter.-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, ]
908 Broadway. Feb. 28. ■
Notwithstanding Mrs. Martha Lynn tes- !
tified at the trial of her husband that She ,
believed him Insane on February 1, 1893,
■when he fired live bullets Into her body,
Mrs. Mary A. Thompson, her mother, and
other relatives hold decidedly contrary
opinions.
When the trial of J. W. Lynn was re
sumed in Judge Ogden's court this morn
ing the prosecution called Mrs. W. .1.
Roth, sister of Mrs. Lynn, whose testi- j
mony showed that the accused was ex
tremely jealous and that he frequently
quarreled over the most trivial matters.
\V. J. Roth related a conversation that
had taken place between himself and
Lynn on the Saturday subsequent to the
time the accused approached his wife In
Han Francisco while she was in the c-om
mv of another man. "Lynn," said the
witness, "was very angry. Vie said: 'My
<ii«d 1 caught her this time, and I can t
stand this much longer. Something will j
happen pretty soon.' He said thai ais
wile had talked SO disgracefully to him I
on the boat that he jjot up and took Ah
other seat." "■•,■■
Detective Holland, the next witness, tes
tified hat when he called at the Lynn :
residence after the shooting he found
Lynn i ting in a chair with his revolver
in his hand. "When I asked why lie had
committed this act," said the witness, •'he
told i.. that God had directed him to do
it." While Holland testified the accused
frequently wiped the tears from his eyes.
The defense then called Mrs. Thompson, i
whose testimony proved quite the reverse ]
of that given by her daughter, Mrs. Lynn, j
She said: I
""I never saw any signs of insanity in
Lynn before he shjjt my daughter. The
man may be excitable, but not insane-. The
night, before the -hooting', at 6 o'clock, he
was perfectly sane. I never did believe
he was Insane."
The defence had expected that the Dis
■ trlct Attorney would move a dismissal,
but the prosecution is still confident that
Lynn's motive was prompted by his jeal
ousy, and that he reigned insanity. Still,
Lynn has twice been declared legally in
sane since I he shooting.
, The trial will go on to-morrow morn
ing and will occupy the remainder of thi?
week at least.
Estate of Mrs. Jane Childs.
OAKLAND. Feb. 28.— o. .-Child.-* to- I
day applied for letters of administration
on the. estate of his mother, Jane Child*,
■who died January 13, 1899. in this city,
leaving an estate valued at ai>out $3330, of
which ?2000 represents real estate at Grove
and Eleventh streets. Oakland;. $1270,
money in bank and other personal prop
erty $50. No "will has been found, and the
heirs at law are petitioner, aged 57 years;
'leonre Child*, another son, aged : 66, re-
SdJni in Illinois; W. A child*. aged , 2 .
resident of. Placer County, and LilM.* F.
I'obbit. a*ed -11 years, living in this C '.t*.
POLITICS NOW
FIGURES IN THE
WATER RATES
I Major Woodward Is
in Evidence.
SOMETHING GOES WRONG
"SOLID SIX" MAY REFUSE TO
STAND PAT.
Probable Scheme to Delay the Fixing
of the Schedule Until After the
Election — Some Very
Shrewd Work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 28.
Something has gona wrong with the
water monopoly's programme. It is re
ported that the company can no longer
depend on six votes to pass the ordinance
it desires to have passed in order to
strengthen the stock which has just been
thrown on the market by the consolida
tion of the two companies.
As usual Major Woodward is the cen
tral figure, and either the major has ex
perienced a change of heart or else he
is acting a very diplomatic part. He has
lately been circulating cards containing
campaign statements. One of these state
ments is that "water rates should be ad
justed, modified and reduced." When
asked if he meant that which he had
printed, the major replied that such was
his platform and on those issues he in.
tended to go before the people. The major
unfortunately has set a Dad precedent
by which to judge himself. It will be re
membered that prior to the last test made
of his sincerity he gave to The Call that
famous "stringless" interview which
brought him such publicity. One week
from next Monday Major Woodward
comes before the people again as a can
didate, and naturally his campaign state
ment regarding the reduction of water
rates at this late hour is viewed in th«
light of the developments of his string
less" promises a year ago. ■;•■■
There is another view being taken or
this matter. It is said that in order to
save Woodward the monopoly has
brought sufficient influence to bear on the
other live members of the solid six to
defer fixing the rates until after the elec
tion. This is rather a clever scheme, and
taken : in connection with Woodward s
most recent campaign utterances is caus
ing- a great deal of talk. ■..'-■:.
In the Fifth Ward, which the major
would represent, live most of the million
aires of the city, and Woodward s peti
tion contains most of their names. He
declares they are solid for him and is the
most confident man in Oakland regarding
his election. ,
1 The water monopoly at this time de
sires a good water rate, but it does not
desire a row. The one and a half million
dollars' worth of stock just issued is
worth very little, except it can be sold
at something near its par value. I his
cannot be done if investors are frightened
by another such demonstration as oc
curred a year ago.
No matter what move "the six" may
take it will be promptly met by counter
moves from the other five who are al
ready prepared with an ordinance fixing
rates based on a thorough investigation
of the costs of the plant and operating
expenses.
REPUBLICANS OPEN
IN NORTH OAKLAND
CANDIDATES PLEDGE HELP TO
R. W. SNOW.
City Attorney Dow and M. K. Miller
Point to Their Work While
in Office.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
<*)S Broadway, Feb. 28.
The Republicans opened their campaign
i to-night with a well-attended meeting at
Milton Hall In North Oakland. Auditor
R. \V. Snow, the Republican nominee for
, Mayor, was not able to be present, owing
i to the serious Hlness of his wife. It was
! stated from the platform that Mrs. Snow
( lies at the point of death at Pasadena, and
that the Auditor will not be able to again
appear before an audience this campaign.
Ail the candidates have undertaken to
supply the gap at the meeting caused by
the absence of Mr. Snow, and much sym-
p athy is expressed tor him by all parties.
Mr* "Snow is in the last stage of con
sumption, and it is not expected that she
can possibly live more than a month, per
h.ips a much shorter time.
city Attorney Dow and Street Superin
tendent Miller were the leading Bpeakers,
and without making any promises -is to
what they will do if elected they pointed
to their successful record* of the past four
Irs and recommended them to the con
ration of the audience. Mr. Dow's re
of legal work carried on by his office
ng the past two years was recently
ed, and it shows a remarkably suc
ful record of suits prosecuted on be
' of the city against protesting fix
ers and the railroad companies. The
lition of Oakland's streets is the no i
a.l upon which Mr. Miller is making
campaign, and us his work has been
dally approved by all the commercial
lMidi.-s in this city his friends are confi
dent of success.
To-morrow evening the big Seventh
Ward will be attacked by the Republi
cans. A demonstration will be held in
Thomae' Hall at Twenty-third avenue.
Dr. N. K. Foster will preside, and the vice
presidents are: D. S. Prosser. \V. K.
Emery, Dr. W. M. Keckwith, F. W. 131)-
Ker. H. B. Smith, A. J. Reid, I. I. Boak,
K. s. Reid, M. \V. Martin, J. I. <'ook, \v.
S. Doig. L. W. ForstiiiK and W. \V. Crane.
The Democrats will have a rally ."
morrow evening in the Fourth Ward, at
the headquarters of the Ward Improve
street.
The Independents will hold a rally
Wednesday night at Hansen's Hall, iii
"West Oakland.
For hundredweight of sealing wax per
month is used by the great seal, of which
the Lord Chancellor is the official custo
dian.
•y ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^_________
If YOU WANT "THE ONLY '\
i
GENUINE HUNYADI WATER,
Insist Upon Receiving
. . ATI' II At. APERIENT WATER, *
the only water which conies from the Hunyadi Springs
of Hungary, owned by
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,
••>■'-' * ■ • ■ • ' '■■■■■""■'. -W •■ « ■'•■".
"- , . ' . > -.- Budapest. r';;V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
ALL-CALIFORNIA
FOOTBALL TEAM
TERMED A MYTH
U. C. Men Claim It to
Be a Fake.
NO IDEA OF AN EASTERN TRIP
H. P. TAYLOR DENOUNCED BY
ATHLETIC OFFICIALS.
He Cannot Expect to Take Califor
nia's Star Players East During
the Thanksgiving
Season.
BERKELEY. Feb. 28.— The members of
the Athletic Association of the University
of California are greatly concerned over
the action of a local athlete now in the
East, who they claim is perpetrating a
series of gross misrepresentations upon
Eastern athletic clubs. The person in
question is Howard P. Taylor, well known
in San Francisco. The grievance of which
the college men complain is that Taylor
is representing himself as the organizer of
an All-California football team, to be
formed next season, and that he has al
ready arranged for matches with prom
inent football clubs there, to be played
between October 28 and Christmas.
No objection could be made against an
organization of this kind were it not for
the fact that its self-styled organizer has
announced informally the members of
the team proposed, and they include six
men from California, eight from Stanford,
with the balance from local clubs.
From the dates which Taylor has ar
ranged it can be seen that he expects to
have all of California and Stanford's star
players in the East during Thanksgiving
season. This unwarranted assumption is
now the subject of serious consideration
among the officers of the V. C. Athletic
Association. A special meeting was held
to-day, at which President Reno Hutch
inson, Professor George C. Edwards and
Football Manager Irwin J. Muma were
present. They all three agreed that the
matter was sufficiently urgent to be made
the subject of formal action by the asso
ciation before the misunderstanding on
the part of the Eastern men can. go any
further.
There seems to be no doubt that Taylor
is really doing what the U. C. men com
plain of. for from two letters recently re
ceived from the East the details of his
plans have been made known. One from
Wolf Ransome. formerly captain of the
I. C. team, and now coach of the Du>
quesne Club, asks that his team be given
a place upon the schedule proposed. An
other from Taylor to Pete Smith asks the
latter to use his influence In securing the
college- meVi. Numerous cuttings from
Eastern papers have also been forwarded,
showing the impression to be prevalent
that the organization of the All-Call
fprnia team is a settled thing.
"When seen to-night Manager Muma
said:
"I wish you would say that this busi
ness of Taylor's is all a fake. It is a
very serious fake, t»o, for the idea pre
vails in the East that our men will give
up the time-honored Thanksgiving gam*
in order to show their prowess against
Tale and Harvard. Nothing could be
more misrepresenting than that. We
never had any intention of going outside
the State, and if would be absurd for us
to think of doing so. especially during the
time that Taylor's schedule calls for. I
am constantly receiving letters making
inquiries about this very thing. The of
ficers of the Athletic Association have
talked it over and they intend now to
send out official notices stating that the
California men can take no part in such
an Eastern trip. They deem this neces
sary to insure the success of our next sea
son here on the coast."
MRS. GOOBY HORSEWHIPS
ATTORNEY D. MITCHELL
HOLDS HIM RESPONSIBLE FOR
LOSS OF PROPERTY.
Irate Woman Is Ejected From Her
Victim's Office and Remains on
Guard at the Door.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Feb. 28.
Attorney D. Mitchell had an anxious
hour this afternoon. During that time
he received a* horsewhipping from an irate
woman, and for the balance of that period
he was besieged in his office on Broadway,
near Eighth, with Mrs. Gooby posted out
side his door.
Mrs. Gooby thinks she has a grievance
; against Attorney Mitchell. During the
I past five years the Goobys have had all
; sorts of trouble, including a divorce, 'md
j their property has to a great extent dis-
I appeared. Mrs. Gooby blames it all on
Attorney Mitchell, although she does not
i give any facts upon which she bases her
charge.
The merits of the case, however, cut no
figure in this afternoons pantomime.
! Mrs. Gooby went to the attorney's office
| and proceeded to berate him In langupage
! loud and long. Mitchell tried to pacify her,
but she would not be pacified. She pro
j duced a rawhide, and made a few cuts
I over his shoulders, after which Mitchell
• sent for a police officer and Mrs. Gooby
I was ejected into the hall. Here the offi
-1 cer's Jurisdiction ended, as he had no au
| thority to put her out of the building.
Mrs. Gooby was accommodated with a
i chair, and for a long time she addressed
a score of real estate men on the issues
lof the Gooby campaign. Mr. Mitchell sat
i inside and did not show his head, but
■ every time a paper rustled In his office
; the lady cried out: "If you come out here
i I will knock your face off," and after
having delivered herself of this little
-speech she would take out her handker
chief and very properly have a little cry.
Attorney Mitchell says that all his busi
ness with Mrs. Gooby is perfectly straight
and declares that he will be forced to
have her arrested if she attempts to re
peat the annoyance of to-day. Mrs. Gooby
declares that the attorney is responsible
to her for $4000.
Toward evening some of the tenants in
the building persuaded Mrs. Gooby to
leave. Mitchell also departed as soon as
the siege was raised.
MOURNED AS DEAD.
An Oakland Mother Made Happy by
Her Son's Return.
OAKLAND, Feb. 28.-Mrs. Barrett of
West Oakland to-day received a telegram
from her son, George Barrett, whom she
has mourned as dead for the past four
teen months, announcing that he is alive
and well at Portland. Or., and would ar
rive home in a few days.
The story of the bitter suspense is one
seldom chronicled. For fourteen months
the aged mother had not heard from her
son. The fact is he has been in an Ore
gon prison, convicted of manslaughter.
Barrett had killed a man named t rank
Williams, a gambler, tough and outlaw.
He was accused of murder, bufc the jury
found him guilty of manslaughter. How
ever, -he finally secured a new trial and a
few days ago "was acquitted, the jury be»
ing convinced that he killed Williams
purely In self-defense.
Smarting under the disgrace of the aw
ful charge, Barrett wrote to his two sis
ters about his troubles, but implored them
not to break the sad news to the mother.
The sisters, faithful to their promise,
kept their aged mother in total ignorance
of the facts.
Cochran Heard From.
BERKELEY, Feb. 28.— Irwin J. Muma.
manager of the University of California
footbaJl team, received a telegram to-day
from Garrett Cochran, which leads the
U. C. Athletic Association to believe that
the services of the coach can be obtained
for next year. Thus far Cochran has not
made an affirmative answer to the many
inquiries sent him, but it is understood
that negotiations are now pending be
tween him and Manager Muma and that
some agreement will be reached very
shortly. Cochran's telegram was sent
from Silver City, N. Mex.
Horace Van Sicklen's Leg Broken.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 28.— Horace, the five
year-old son of Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Van
Sicklen, was more seriously hurt in yes
terday's runaway accident than was at
first "supposed. It developed later that
the little fellow's right leg was crushed
below the knee and the small bones shat
tered. ■
REGENTS DISCUSS PLANS
FOR WILMERDING SCHOOL
BUILDING COMMITTEE WANTS
TO SAVE $10,000.
Board Adopts Its Report and Then
Refers Matter Back for an Inves
tigation of a Proposed
New Site.
A special meeting of the Board of- Re
gents of the University of California was
held in the Hopkins Institute of Art yes^
terday afternoon for the purpose of re
ceiving the report of the building commit
tee on the plans for the construction of
the new Wilmerding School of Industrial
Arts. The report, signed by T. G. Phelps
and Ernebt A. Denicke, is as follows:
Gentlemen: • Your committee on the Wil
merding School, to which was referred back
for further consideration the report that your
committee heretofore made relative to the fill
ing of the school lot and the construction of
a building thereon, has again examined the
whole matter and begs leave to amend the for
mer report in regard to the filling of the lot at
this time. Your committee does not desire to
make any change in the building, excepting
that the partition wall for protection against
fire be made of brick instead of corrugated
iron; but suggests that instead of placing the
building on the grade of Mariposa street that it
be placed twenty-five feet back of said street,
twenty feet from Kansas street and one story
below grade. By so doing we can avoid all
grading and filling at the present time. Aside
from a small amount of excavating: that will
have to be done where the building is to stand
no work on the grounds will have to be done
at present. The engine room would be In the
basement, and the building throughout as be
fore proposed. The grade on Mariposa street
is such that an entrance from that street can
be made at the east end of the building and
engine room for the delivery of coal and ma
terial while material to be 'used on the upper
floor can be taken in from Marlposa street.
By adopting this plan the cost of much filling
and the enormous walla for the foundation can
be avoided, saving fully J10.000. .
Your committee Is of the opinion tbat the
building will be quite as convenient for the
uses of the school as it would be if elevated to
the grade of the street, and although it will
not look as well from the south, it will look
better viewed from the city side. Director
Schwartz is of the opinion that the lot can be
graded by the pupils by the time the main
building will be required with a very small
outlay of money. Your committee presents the
plaster casts made by Director Schwartz from
an accurate contour map. One as the lot now is
another showing the building in place, and
another showing the lot as it would appear
W Th n c liians.'in blue print, will be hung upon
the walls of the Regents' room and the speci
fications and estimates herewith inclosed.
Accompanying th? report was an esti
mate of the cost of the. building accord
ing to the plan favored by the committee,
ether with specifications. This esti
mate which would have to be increased
$10,000 if the building were to be raised to
grade, is as fellows:
Excavations, grading and fi11ing........... * 1.000
Concrete foundations and floors and brick
Carpenter work, including all lumber, •
mill work, stairs, glass and hardware.. 9.500
Cast- and wrought iron work and fire
escapes .. .'< *****
Plumbing and sewerage, Including fire •
hose reels ■•■• 1 - "'
Plastering work and deafening wo
Tin and galvanized iron work.... l>o
Painting work •••• .••— '"
Electric bell • '__
Total - » 16 - 8151
The report of the committee was adopt
ed, as was also, a resolution authorizing
the letting of a contiact to the lowest bid
der The Regents then went into execu
tive session and "took up the matter of
changing the proposed site of the school
to a lot adjoining the Lick School, sev
eral blocks distant from the present loca
tion Regent Einstein was strongly in
favor of pursuing this course, and after a
long discussion the building committee
was instructed to thoroughly investigate
the advantages of making the proposed
change and report at the next meeting,
two weeks hence. *'
By this action the adoption of the com
mittee's report is practically nullified, and
everything is it a standstill until the
oucstkn of a site is .finally ..disposed of,
which will. probably be at the next meet
ing. ' • :'.'.
AN OLD PLAY
AND A NEW CONCERT
Miss O'Nell In " East Lynne " and
Maurer and Wismer in In
strumental Novelties.
They called it the "New East Lynne"
at the California last night, but it was
still a very Filly and old-fashioned play
and one that gave Miss Nance ONeil
and her company little or no chance for
clever or sincere work. What there was
to be made rut of the piece was perhaps
accomplished by the performers, and
certainly Miss O'Neil won enthusiastic
applause in several of the pathetic cli
maxes. She played the part of Lady Isa,
bello in a straight melo-dramatie key.
without any effort to make the character
more human and logical than it really is,
and the a-idknee accepted it in that vein
with apparent pleasure. No one looked for
real acting or real sentiment in "K;ist
Lynne." Mr. Rankin was robustly good
as the Lord Mountsevern and Mr. Carr
was dellghtfullv malevolent as the arch
Sir Francis, and Mr. Willard was impos
sibly bad as the saintly Archibald Car
lyle. Miss O'Neil wUI appear to-night as
Parthenia In "Ingomar." The rest of the
week will be devoted to the repertory
that has already been announced.
An interesting if rather prolonged con
cert was given in the Sherman & Clay
Hall" last night by two of the younger
local musicians— Hother Wisme.r (vio
linist) and Fred Maurer Jr. (pianist).
They were assisted by Frank M. Coffin,
who sang excellently the Arthur Sullivan
settings to a group of Tennyson's poems.
The Instrumental numbers Included
Handel's A minor sonata, Goldmark's
concerto, op. 28. and Godard's concerto,
op. 36 — on the whole a hackneyed pro
gramme played with good feeling and
good sense.
Socialist Lecture.
Rev. S. Goodenough will lecture to
night before Liberty branch of the So
cialist Propaganda Club at Turk street
Temple. The subject will be "Friends
and Foes." The lecture begins at 8.
CAPTAIN TERRY
AND OFFICERS
WERE ABSENT
Thomas Post's Re
ception to Shafter.
WAR VETERANS AT BANQUET
CAPTOR OF SANTIAGO GIVEN AN
ENTHUSIASTIC WELCOME.
He Addressed His Old Comrades and
Feelingly Thanked Them for
Their Cordial and Sincere
Welcome.
The reception extended by George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R., to Major
General William R. Shafter and the offi
cers of the battle ship lowa at the Cali
fornia Hotel last evening was a most
gratifying success, despite the fact that
Captain ■Terry and his officers were not
present.
The committee of arrangements had in
vited the officers of the lowa and up to
the last moment they were expected. The
banquet was delayed until after 9 o'clock,
hoping they would arrive. Neither Cap
tain Terry nor any of his officers, how
ever, put in an appearance, and what
was worse, they sent no excuse for their
absence.
It is thought by the members of the
post that possibly Captain Terry and his
officers did not receive their invitations,
or that there was some misunderstand-
ing as to the date of the receptfon.
The banquet was held in the main din
ing room of the hotel, which had been
appropriately decorated for the occasion
with flags, bunting and flowers. General
Shatter was attended by his two aids,
Captains Plummer and McKittrick, while
Major Edward Field was also present.
Nearly 200 members of the post were in
attendance. Colonel C. A. Sumner pre
sided at the banquet as toastmaster.
During the banquet, and before the
speeches, the occasion was enlivened by
music furnished by an orchestra and by
several selections which were rendered
by the Plymouth Quartet.
Prior to the speeches A. J. Vining intro
duced Colonel C. A. Summer as the pre
siding officer of the evening..
Colonel Sumner stated that the object
of the reception and banquet was tor the
purpose of extending a welcome to Major
General Shafter. He stated that the post
was glad t9 extend any honor to General
Shafter, as he deserved it, in view of the
past events of national history. This re
mark created wild enthusiasm and clearly
showed that his auditors were men capa
ble of appreciating hard-won victories.
He excoriated the yellow press and its
contemptible? attempt to besmirch General
Shatter's name, and said that nothing
could lessen the high esteem in which he
would be held by the veterans of the late
and civil wars, as well as by every man
who at heart possessed the true instincts
of manhood. ■ .
Horace Wilson delivered the address of
welcome to General Shafter. His remarks
were even, concise and polished. In
speaking of the harsh criticism that has
been heaped on General Shafter, he said:
"This is an age of detraction, but to the
veterans of four years' hard fighting, who
appreciate what you have done, the abuse
of the envious counts for nothing." In
closing his remarks he said it was with
the truest and most abiding affection that
the -members of the post welcomed back
to California General Shafter.
General Shafter was next introduced
As he rose from his seat he was accorded
an ovation. In feeling terms he expressed
his appreciation and heartfelt thanks for
the cordial -welcome that had been ex
tended to him.
General Shafter then said: "I am not
going to defend the Santiago campaign.
Cries of "It does not need it" were
shouted from all sides. General Shafter
then briefly outlined the dominant facts
in the Santiago campaign. He was given
th' closest attention, and his remarks
were frequently interrupted by cheers and
applause. , .
"The Army and Navy' was responded
to by Major Field. In addition there were
speeches by Seidon Sturgis, D. C. Smith,
W R. Parnell and W. 11. Smedberg.
LOCAL DENTISTS
MEET AND BANQUET
ACADEMY OF DENTAL SCIENCE
IN SESSION.
Dr. Van Orden Makes Some Unfavor
able Comments Upon the Disposi
tion of Certain Members
to Seek Notoriety.
The members of the San Francisco
Academy of Dental Science held its regu
lar monthly meeting and banquet last
evening at the Snreekels Rotisserie. Dr.
Hart, president of the Academy, called
the meeting to order and announced that
nominations for officers to serve for the
coming term were in order. Dr. Frank
C. Pague was nominated for president,
and as there were no other nominations
he was declared unanimously elected. Dr.
Thomas Fletcher was elected secretary
without opposition.
An excellent menu was then served, and
while the members of the Academy ate,
drank and made merry a hidden orchestra
dispensed sweet music.
At the conclusion of the dinner Dr. Van
Orden read a very interesting paper enti
tled "Ethical Relation of the Dental Pro
fession to the Press." In his paper the
doctor commented freely upon the disposi
tion of certain members of,the dental pro
fession to rush into print at every oppor
tunity. })r. Van Orden severely criticized
this mode of getting notoriety.
The Academy Jias not as yet agreed
upon a code of eftiics covering this point,
and Dr. Van Orden favored its doing so.
When the doctor finished reading 1 Dr.
Pague called Upon Drs. Cool. Merriman,
Hart and Teague to say a few words on
the subject. A warm discussion was pro
voked.
The Academy, though only organized a
short time, gives promise of developing
into a healthy organization. Kiost of the
prominent members of the dental profes
sion have already joined the society.
ELVIA CROX'S DIVORCE.
Says Mr. Seabrooke "Is an Incident
That Was Closed Long Ago."
Prima donna Elvia Crox protested in a
high register when she was told last even
ing that a dispatch from New York said
she had finally begun suit for an absolute
divorce from T. 'Q. Seabrooke, her comic
singer husband.
"Why. I finished divorcing my one
time husband a year ago," she said, "and
there is no need of any more beginning
along that line. It was an absolute di
vorce then, is now, and ever shall be."
When the musical little lady was told
that the dispatch said she had instruct
ed Attorney Ado Hummel to nrrange for
the taking'of her testimony in this city,
and that the lawyer had the name of a
fair co-respondent, she fairly shrieked a
denial.
"1 think this whole report is a scheme
of Mr. Seabrooke to get a little advertis
ing " she cried. "The papers haven't said
much about him for some time. Well, if
he don't be careful he will get more no
tice than he bargained for. Well, I never.
'Finally begun suit for absolute divorce,'
have I? With me. Mr. Thomas Q. Sea
brooke is an incident that is closed and
was closed long ago. Just say that."
JOHN S. BOWMAN'S WILL.
Decedent's Entire Estate Bequeathed
to His Widow.
The will of John S. Bowman, who died
February 23. was filed for probate yester
day. Although the deceased was reputed
to be a capitalist of large means,' the
petition accompanying the will states that
his estate will not exceed $10,000 in value.
In the will Mr. Bowman accentuates nis
kindly characteristics. He leaves his en
tire estate to his widow. Sophie B. Bow
man, but says: "I would like my dear
wife »to give to the San Francisco Hebrew
Hospital $50. also $200 to the San Francisco
Hebrew Orphan Asylum, and. if possible.
to relieve my cousin, Max J. Franklin, ot
his indebtedness. I also recommend her
to give something to my friencl. Alax
Armer, and my relatives in Germany. I
have not mentioned any amount, because
I have all faith in her benevolence and
charitable character." In the petition
Mrs. Bowman states that Max J. Frank
lin long ago paid Mr. Bowman ;:11 he
owed him— at least since the will was
drawn in 1593.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Scowcroft, Ogden |O Frsot. Riverside
A Nelson, Dawson |F Lynch & w. Cal
H Dlsque. Colfax A Boworth & w. fc-lgin
W L Perkins, Colfax ID Ovenall, Visalia
W W White. Colfax W Hllliard &w. balto
C Mlgliavacca, Napa [8 L Hugne. Fresno
W Grarhoster, Napa |J Lippman&w, bt Lake
Miss Stone. Oakland Mrs V Johns .Napa
J J Myers &w. N V W F P.artin L Ang
J Freeman, Cal J Foster. Woodland
H Day. S Jose F Cutting. Stockton
F Door & w Sacto |W Beecher. Oakdale
H T Jones. Cal J Bowen, L Ang
Dr W Gatts. Oroville T Cooper & w Sonoma
A W Reed, Cal Dr. Smith. Adams
W Farvsworth, Cal A Newhouse. Cal
Capt Johnson, Cal B Fenruson&w.St Lake
G S Blunt. N Mcx J Enright&W, S Cni«
J Barnett. N Mexico J 3 Hebbron Salinas
C E Swain, L Ang E Samuels. Mayfle d
M L Isham Jersey Li Smith* w. Honolulu
S Henry. Stockton I Miss Smith. Honolu v
J L Holman. Ohio Miss Davis. Hono v v
8 Isaacs. Tacoma A W Davis. Honolulu
H. Burns. Tacoma Mrs Haaepau. Honolul
G Alexander. HealdsbglG Petterson b L , Obis
Dr Green. Watson\ ille i S G Hendricks. bacto
S Evans. Riverside
PALACE HOTEL.
A W Harsey & w, Cal Miss F C Moore Mass
F W Bennett. Los Ang W V Conway. Butte
J J Murphy. Boston jW W Foster, US A
C P Goldsmith, NT ! D X Major Jr, U S A
J Franklin. N V i W S Brown IS A
F Walcott & w. N V lG W Root. L h A
B Stahl. New York J O Schake. Cleveland
A M Eliis. Auburn L S Graham Pan Jose
Mrs M F Clark. N V U B Lumbard & w^
G H Boyce. NY *|M A Lumbard & w Cal
W Ellis, Paris J Lippman. Salt Lake
C H Unverzoyt, Md |Mrs W J Young. lo*a
Z S Spaulding, N V Miss J )oung. lowa
F W Tinsmann. Chicgo Mrs C T Hancock la
C E Shepard, Illinois [Miss M Mitchell. 11l
F W Bisbee & w. Mo C H Young, lowa
H Godev &w. Phila J F Kilby, Cleveland
W J Lockwood. N V E Ahnoeh. Russia
Mrs Foster. U S A O T Suhr. Hamburg
A H Hooper. Phila M M Shoemaker, Ohio
J C Heymann. Phila F H Zlegfeld. Japan
W Wise. New York C R Collins, Hartford
D C O'Reilly. Portland E R Adams. N V
H H Taylor & w, N V H G Wheeler. Japan
LATB SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Arrived Feb 2S-Stmr Wine
land from Stettin; stmr Bovic. from Liverpool.
Sailed— Stmr Taurlc, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL- Arrived Feb rt-Stmr Georgic,
Feb 2S-Stmr Waes
land, frnm Philadelphia. c ,™_
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived March I— Stmr
Lahn, from New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
1% Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: oi>en until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council * No. 2. R. and •
S. M., will meet THIS (WEDNES- Jl
DAY) EVENING, March 1. at BTK2f
j o'clock, for business and degrees, By /▼ 1
j order of * FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44. F. ■
and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS _J\_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 JtlT
o'clock. .• THEO. FROLICH, Sec. /^T >
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. •
Ml. Chapter - Hall. Masonic Temple, _J%_
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, T/
March 1. Stated meeting; third de- '
tree; 7 o'clock sharp. - By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR - Lodge No. . 165. ■F. • and A. - ■ -■>■. •■■
M.— Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING. March 1, at 7:30 jLj/t
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH, Sec. ; /^T>
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. . <^B4fe>
There will lie Initiation •S£23!nS!=:
March 2, 1599. Visiting brothers 23>S*S^?
cordially Invited. .
JOHN STEVENSON, N. G. '■
DR. F. D.' ASH WORTH, Rec. Sec.
THE Knights of the Red Branch will p
meet at their hall, corner Mason and C.A
OFarrell THIS (WEDNESDAY I \2rA
EVENING. March 1, at 8 o'clock, to
make final arrangements for the grand cele-
bration in honor of Robert Emmet, which will
be held at Metropolitan Hall on Saturday
evening, March 4. A splendid programme
has been arranged. Music, song, and oratory
will enliven the celebration. Governor Gage
will preside and Mayor Phelan will be the
, principal speaker. THE PRESIDENT.
THE regular meeting of the San .Fran- ffl
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be it
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN-  W.
ING, March 1. 1899, at B'nai B'rlth <4$S7
Hall, 121 Eddy St.. at 8 o'clock. A full Z~l(S
attendance requested. Business of im- *^ if*
portance. vv : ->-', . ■
E. J. BRANDON, President.
QUARTERLY meeting Austrian Be- fcrtA--*
nevolent Society will l,« held Blrfifttg
WEDNESDAY, March 1, 8 i. in. SJPjK
sharp. By order . **&&>
J. L. RADOVICH, President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual \ meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Wittram Pro-
peller Company will be held at their office.
ZTi Market St.. San Francisco. California, on
WEDNESDAY, the eighth day of March,
1899, at the hour of 3 p. m., for the ■• pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before - the
meeting. CHARLES A. HUG, Sec.
Office, 327 Market St.. San Fran^'sco. Call-
fornia. ■ . .
■ . SPECIAL. NOTICES. ■
MRS. LOEWENSTEIN wishes to inform her
many friends and patrons that the restaurant
formerly conducted by her late husband.' N.
LOEWENSTEIN. at 830 Howard st., will be
carried on as formerly and she will be pleased
to have them return.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, -$1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
A WEEK'S news for 5 £ents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper. Tor mailing. $1 per year.
~~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND, Notice.— Dividend - No. 90 (fifty
cents per share) of ' the .. Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of Uie
• company, 327 Market st.. on and after WED-
NESDAY. March 1, 1899. .
Transfer books will close on Thursday
February 23, 1899," at 3 o'clock p. m. '
'■•:■-■■-- E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. ; lI ANSEN & CO . . .77T!~Phone~ Grant" 183
. Has- awaiting situations in city, or country-
American housekeepers
Do cook .*.'.".".".'""
Do head waitress..' .'!!!!!!!!"
10 • chambermaids ........' "■""
12 waitresses •"•••
All first-clogs hotel help. •••••••
■'. c. R. HANSENA CO., 104 Geary, st.
A FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situa-
tlon;- understands all branches of cooking-
best references: city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation: 3 years last place- city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS- French second- girl and -nurse
desires situation;- best references; city or
j country. MISS . CULLEN. . 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and j daughter desire situations ', as
cook and second girl; city or country. MI
J'ILLEX, 32C. Sutler St.
AT the German Employment. Office MRS
LAMBERT. 418 Powell, tel. Main 5332. girls of
all nationalities desire various positions.
YOUNG lady residing In interior town desires
- position in city where she may learn some
.trad? or profession and have good home -E.
H., box 1832, Call office.
.AN experienced woman wishes a situation- un-
derstands American and German cooking;- no
. objections to a short : distance In the coun-
_try : Box 497, Call ■ office. . . / "".
YOUNG girl wishes a ' situation as nurse to
one child; wage* $10.' Call or address 309
Elizabeth, bet. Twentynhlrd and Twenty-
fourth. : "",:.' ,„ -;•-* '
RESPECTABLE' colored woman;' experienced
- nurse for. ladies and invalids; good .cook.
Please call or address 511 Park aye.. East
Oakland. -
WOMAN . wants second work . In hotel or •in
: boarding-house. • Box 1494, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Cont!»n«d.
MTSBlSXG^'w^m^w^hes a ■"•»%"£
do light housework and take care ot children.
Address 1103 Powell st. . ■ .
*S3PA^«M
1014 Minna St., near. Eleventh.
YOUNG woman 'Wishes! position as working
housekeeper: no triflers. Call forenoons i
days. 124 Sixth st., room 43.
SWEDISH girl wants a place to do general
housework and cooking, $20. 927 Florida St.,
' bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
DRESSMAKER goes out, $1 50 day, or work
taken home; references. 50a Jones st.
FIRST-CLASS cook or general working girl.
Address 313 Sutter st.; phone Green <oi.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day Jo do
laundry work in private families. 18B» Union.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged person, . an. ex-
cellent seamstress, wishes situation taking
care of a child and do sewing in Oakland, or
country place; or as seamstress in an insti-
tution; references. Address MRS. D. oox
74, North Temescal, Alameda Co.. Cal.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman would like
light housework or care for the sick; good
reference. Ca11. 2237 Jackson St., bet. Web-
ster and Buchanan. .. ,
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper; references exchanged. , Address
L. H., Station B. . ■ - ■ _
CAPABLE woman wishes a situation as work-
ing housekeeper or cook, and daughter to as-
sist morning and evening and go to school;
city or country; good references. Call 1635
Mission st. - .
| YOUNG girl wants situation, to , assist with
light housework. Apply 3010 Mission st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants position to do
general housework; $20 per month. 19 Morris
aye.. between' Harrison and Bryant..
SITUATION wanted by elderly American
woman for housework; city or country: good
plain cook; moderate wages: good home. 1065
Market, room 21. No postals. -
GIRL to mind baby and do light housework.
2133 Mission st.
WANTED by elderly American woman, light
housework; good, cook; small wages. B. F.,
625 Chestnut st. : •
REFINED young: lady would like the care of
Invalid lady or to travel; good references.
Apply 26 Turk st. '''—-*;-'!;
YOUNG North German girl just arrived de-
sires place in private family for upstairs
work. Address 638',i Jessie St., off Seventh.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation for up-
stairs; last place V& years. Address 731 Turk.
THOROUGHLY competent working housekeep-
er wishes situation. Call 2136 Howard; no
postals; best references.
SITUATIONS AVAXTED— MALE.
A— WESTERN Labor Bureau, 541 Clay gt., tel..
Green 681, furnishes reliable male or femala
help, any nationality, free of charge. "r.: : .'
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414£ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 436.
CHEF cook, with practical knowledge of th»
French, German, Polish, Hungarian and
American cooking, sober and industrious,
. wants a situation in a hotel, restaurant, club
or private family; during 10 years he worked
with best culinary artists in Paris, Vienna,
Budapest and Warsaw; for two years as chef
of the late Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria;
3 years as such in the Grand Imperial Hotel,
etc.; a year in this city; best city refer-
ences: speaks English sufficiently to conduct
■ any kitchen. Address F. L., care A. H.,
cigar store, 716 Kearny st.
GOOD orchard hand wishes position; good
teamster; understands care of good stock,
and an all around handy, industrious, sober
man; wishes position of any kind; Christian
place preferred. Box 492, Call office.
CLERK desires position; experienced as an ac-
countant and collector; stenographer, and
typewriter; best of references; will furnish
machine and bond, if required." Address box
500, -Call office. -■ .'" .
BLACKSMITH, in poor health, would like job
of any kind around shop where work would
not be heavy; home more object than wages.
Address H. WARREN, 10 Anthony st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with tools, wants
light job: wages not so much an object aa .
good home; best of references. H. WAR-
REN, 10 Anthony st. -
GARDENER, German, perfect in all branches;
can take care of horses, cows, etc.: first-class
references. Please address GARDENER, box
499, Call office. -
HAVING a small income will work very cheap
in small grocery or cigar store, or any light
business; highest references. Address box
465, Call office. .
WANTED, by an intelligent . middle-aged
American, work—with, a-^ private family; .
handy and willing: good home; small wages.
A. 8., box 151, Call. ■. ■ ■
YOUNG middle-aged man as bar man; speaks !
English and German; country preferred ; the
best of references. Address box 495, Call.
BAKER foreman, steady and reliable worker,
wants situation; city or. country. Address M.
G. box 842, Call office, Oakland. ' I:.- -
YOUNG German, first-class cook, desires posi-
tion In hotel or restaurant. Box 1789. Call.
i JAPANESE wants work around house, office
; or day work. 463 Jessie st.
AN engineer and machinist, reliable and will-
Ing, good references, can run any style .of,
stationary engine and do pipefltting, wants
position to run boiler and engine, or boiler
alone, in city or country. Box 488, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by a first-class tailor's
cutter; graduated in London 12 years ago;
diploma by examination; also very good on
ladles' garments. Box 468, Cal^ of flee.
BUTCHER wishes steady work in shop, city or
country. Box 1453, Call office. # r-'--i':]
SWISS man and wife, with 4-year-old child,
want positions on a dairy ranch. Call or
write to M. P. W., 216 Hale St., near Silver
aye.. San Bruno road, San Francisco.
A GOOD French polisher wishes a situation.
Mr. VALLA 23 Rltch st.
YOUNG married man (28), sober German,
wishes any kind of a position. Address box
470, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class carpenter as
carpenter or something else where he can.
have steady employment;, can give best of
references. Address "A. D., 1050 Howard st.
HONEST Japanese man wants situation; good
cook and houseworker; in private family. S.
H.. 535 Jessie st. ___ J _ll_il
ENGINEER and machinist, young and prac-
tical; does all kinds of repairing, pipefltting,
etc.; will go anywhere; first-class references.
Box 477. Call office. !___
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to }«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED FEMALE. '
HOTEL HELP— WANTED I^TT^T
Waitresses. Santa Cruz, Stockton, Lathrop,
Crockett. $20 each; chambermaid, Oakland.
$15; waitress, hotel, city, $18 and $20; cham-
bermaid ■ and wait dinner, $20; 3 restaurant
waitresses. $5; Scandinavian or German girl
for Institution, $15.
....PRIVATE FAMILY HELP WANTED
■ Nurse, 2 children. $20; .nursery governess,
country. $25: 4 cooks. $30: 25 houseglrls, city
and country. $23 and $20: young girls, $15;
French. German second girl, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. •
HOUSEWORK; two In family; $15 and sleep
home. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK; Alameda; $25; good place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A CHAMBERMAID, Redwood City. $18: wait"
ress, same house, $18. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. , .
WOMAN 'for country for 2 months, • $10 per
• month and fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. :.
RANCH cook, $20, per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. . ': • ,
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working housekeep-
er, $12 per month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN.
. 325 Sutter st. . ■■■•-. ■ .•"•-.... .
PROTESTANT waitress and parlor maid, $25,
2in family. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Auburn, $25; Stockton, $23:
Collinsvllle. $20;, Alameda, $25; and other
towns; 12 housework girls, city, $20 and $25;
' 6 young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS i II-
• LEN. 325 Sutter st. . '. ■'.:
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress, $20: 2 second
girls. $20 and $25"; 2 laundresses. $30 and $25
each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
•FRENCH woman with a little girl as nurse,
$20 per month. MIL CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl; 'Sieep home, $15 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutt*>r st.
THREE restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 per
.week; 6 hotel waitresses, $20 and $25. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st. v .
NEAT young girl, ilgl;t housework. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. .., :
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel, ' $20, : far*
.•paid;' German chambermaid, $20; chamber-
maid, plain wash, country hotel; ranch cooks,
etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
TWO cooks, $30 each ;- waitress. $25; 2: second
girls, $20 each; 3 cooks, $25: nurse. $20; house
girl. 3 in family.. s23: young girl to assist. $10
to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. *
AT ■■ the • ■ German ' Employment Office - MRS.
• LAMBERT, 41-; Powell st., girls of all na-
tionalities wanted to fill various positions.
GIRL for housework. 4 . small family: ; must be
y good cook, with references. Call Wednesday.
. 9 to 12 and 4 to 6. 1310 Gough st. ;_.' TJ — — -
% '• ; ** ELIP w^TtJ- Continued. i
G£MSD wages will be paid to a French widow"
■••.y.itK a 'child, to do second work and care lor
„ : -children. Address box 167, Palo Alto.
; •MAX Klrl for housework and cooking;
•..small, family. 823 Fillmore st., lower flat, be-
• fore l2.
. -OPERATORS on electric sewing machines on
. ... tfiirt* at GKKEXKIiAUM, WEIL & MICH-
• .* .EM. .531 Mission st.
• "jSyA2JTED~GirI: general housework: plain
■>• •"■■•Cfe.ok.ir^; small family; wages ?12; references.
- '.> lrffii Golden Gate are.
." ■Vi"iV-NO girl about 15 to care for baby and as-
' " '."• ?l«tin light housework. 313 Fifth aye.. Rlch-
-0 • .-: ;rr..on4 district.
; - V'O.iL'-NG 4 woman for general housework; fam-
■•' ■■i.lr eftwo; wages, $10. Box 356, Call office.
: 'WANTED— girl to assist with light
.:>.«)jilsework : $S> per month. 635 Ellis st.
' SIRTU. "for general housework and children. 143
•. . ... LijTkinst. . . .
' Sy-AN.TE'D— First-class waist and skirt hand.
' °° A-ppiy 1200 Geary st.
. ''OPERATOR and experienced hands on vests.
< s "1524- Market st.
°'iiA'l>tES to take home embroidery work; expe-
- rieii • not necessary. Call at 708 Ellis st.
„-. '■;i, r to assist in housework and to take care
' :pf hlld; $13 1421 Uirkin st.
W"AN.TED— Nursegirl; young girl preferred,
o.• TI A. Geary st.
_-SPERIENCED operators on custom shirts. !
.. ROGERSON. 533 Valencia st.
•• KEXT- \y-.man to do housework for board. 742
' " ty-FrfrreU st.
.' WAITED— Apprentices for millinery at. 130 :
■ "." :SlXth-.'St. .
■ RANTED— Girl aped 16 to help in kitchen.
- o at 1305. Mission st., nr. Ninth; bakery.
WANTED— A young girl to do light housework.
° "Apply -5et. 243 Pierce st. • ;
W.ANTED—GtrI for general housework. US
I ' Bfoderlck st.
'" WANT!. First-class laundress and for up-
'•• stau.r work at 1721 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Young girl finishers on skirts.
"FRANCIS. "704 Sutter st.
■•"WANTED— A girl for light housework. Apply
: - 134 - Eddy st.
__
w£>MAN of experience for small rooming
■house: wagp.s moderate. 149 Taylor st.
APPRENTICE in dressmaking shop. 31 Free-
lon at.
LADY c'leVk. $25. for employment office; apply
•in own ■ handwriting; state age and experi-
ence in- that line,- Box 466. Call.
NEAT reliable girl .to .do cooking and general
:"■ i!<->Usejvork In the. country; the house has
•'■•Ki.od*rn Improvements; 3 in family. Call at
.3*2> ; : Seventeenth st., near Mission.
.W^JJTED^-Catholic woman without incum-
- r>faric4 -for general housework: small family;
" . wages $10. Address box 12, Call branch office,
' . SB7.- Ha yea ft. ■
- .WANTED — lady canvassers; can
• a •'make $2 to $5 per day. Call bet. 10 a. m. and
.• *. 'pv m., Bon" Ton Toilet Co., 745 Howard St.,
V ••• .Bt-.cjyid" Moor, room 1.
■'■ ■ • y-pl-'-KG .German girl for general housework;
'" "=..-$l5. \i32s' California St., near Fillmore.
: .'•'..'•.■ "MAKERS' -wanted at New York Millinery, 1323
■..;•■ •■■/'.-.gto.cktort st.
.....' ■' -F,INE.-.taiio.resB on custom coats; also boy of
•:.:'. -.. sarris experience. 212 Mason st.
/.=•■ .AO&PRENTrCE. at G. LEDERER'S, 123 Stock-
-. " ."•"'tan St.. 'for.. hair work.
■•"•" WT ANTED— A good finisher on custom-made
.•"••' ' 'coats: good wages. Apply at 403 Clementina.
y : '° : :,< IREBB as pants finisher. Top floor, room
'.■•".* • VS.. JH Kearny st.
■ •" • TOU.N'O -lady, not over 20. to sell cosmetics In
":-■ •• the 'country; good salary. Apply between
•-■• -. If and 12 a. m.. 40 Geary st.
■?;'■.• ' " . • HELP WANTED
• C. R. HAN?EN &CO PHONE GRANT I*s
' •'• ■■.Val»t: M*: butler, $45; both with references;
. '••■••Eastern' men. preferred
V-.V." . Sharripooer. -for a bath 140
.- -.German' nurse for hospital work; a neat, ex-
. :■ .' j>'eHe.nced man-.
'. . ■,-C.;;R,-HAN'SEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
. rRV '•',<, north, ?60 and free fare; hotcake
: . :- l-ak-'i. J10" a week ; second cook and wash
■• •' -."•afsheV, ' $35': dishwasher and assist on the
'. " ' range- country hotel, $35; second cook, mm.-
. ers'' boarding-house. $35 to $10. C. R. HAN-
' ° e SE-N' -<£ CO., 104 Geary st.
•■■■■ HEAT?' waiter, $65, head waiter, $50; waiter.
:••■■• •". •;ftriiv Hotel. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
.;:• .jjeary- s.L ■ .
'• F r '-R the "new mountain railroad, shi> to-night,
• ■■ . ; '/lsbor%rs ........V.-.' 2-3 fare free
:.j : •.•-...•■&..;«.. 'HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
:'•' w'-OODSMEN. $1 50 to $2 25 a day: coal mine
■'■■ ' ..'■laboi'ers, $1 50 a day; section hands. $1 50 a ■
:; '•• ■•••■ . .la-y,:. see boss here. C. R. HAN&EN & CO.,
•• :-•"!•'. '-i 1 G'eaxy st.
■ RA-^CH carpenter. $28 and board: milker, $20:
■ ■•• ; • gartleher, private place. $20; man and wife.
■.':' ..-., private place. $35 and found: farmer and wife,
•- • ■•$3l; ' stableman. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
.-'.-:■ ■ ys4"G>ary st. ' .
MURRAY"' Si READY Phone Main SS4S
•■"■..■ .'■•"■.•Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
'■.'.•..•:•■• : : . ;■.:.:,...• Want To-day ...'.
'■.:;■•; w-.oodchoppers, different jobs, $1 and $150
cordv* °
'-■ ■ '". £ v m&r) to" chop wood together on one Job.
■■■•■'Grafter, $26 12 farm hands
■-'• ; EfrlV'er and solicitor, country. 2o per cent and
~~ ■■■ '■■•l&uwi, MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
■;■ -... Clay, st.
v■ ' ■6' (?b<3KS for different places, $30 to $45 and
■ -itbund:: 4 waiters for different places. $2o and
• ■ J^nd 'found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
 jSSS Claj* st.
.: . j;C"i£em!EN Foremen
•:" : . Beck: t oWman V 'see ' boss here early. MUR-
•■.-•;■ •R^.Y^& .HEADY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
' ''CHEESE .'maker and run a separator; $35.
• .;.'■ :MV^-AY & READY, 624 and 636 Clay st.
s PALMER 'and wife, see boss here. MURRAY
■. LV - & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt,
■■• CARPENTER, steady job. for a ranch. MUR-
V ■ .-RAS & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
: - •'•■ -WA2<TEJ>-4 auartz miners, $2 50 day; 5 labor-
•V er' ■ $?. 75- '-d ay ; 4 men to chop wood and clear
' • - laird -'-.tie makers and others. Apply to J. F.
• .';-• !. >STT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
•''•\VM-ED- Steward for restaurant, $45; restau-
' -VanT^aker SlO week; waiter for Nevada, and
" others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st- '_
- . W'ANTED-Valet. $<0; butler. $40; assistant
buUSr, $30; cook for restaurant $13 a week;
second -cook, $10 a week: cook, $40 dish-
washer' $25: waiter. $30. married man to take
cire'-'cf piece of land near city, $30, etc.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
I MINER'S. Burleigh drill. $63 and board; far-
mer and wife, see boss here; Italian milker
120 fs-rer rear city. $15; redwood post and
jie/fa-lffiSr' R T_\VAR_D & CO.. 60S-610 Clay.
BARKERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
W *NTED— for molding and art goods
line who can show successful record: high
grade Roods only; first-class territory to ac-
ceptable man-: Kern Picture Co.; Chicago.
SEAMEN and green hands for steam whalers.
,10 -uarj. St.. upstair? .
SALESMEN", city and country: factory to con-
sumJV; staple goods. Call 1171 Mission st.
k BARBER .for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day, 402 Brannan st. '■
PAPERHANGER wanted. 1544 Market St.:
. . call ,'ea.r-ly.
WANTED— Educated youne man to assist In
',a n- office. Box 498. Call. _
SHOEMAKER wanted at 1308 Railroad aye..
Alacteda; come early. ; _
• RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rtn*. : Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, -who. are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become «uch; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak.- read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
«nd 6 feet in height. For further information
ar'ply at th. Requiting Office. 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal. • '
WANTED— Specialty salesman with experience
for qilick-selllng line of premium goods; lib-
eral commission, with advance for expenses,
to right man. Address drawer 675, ■'**_•_
TO tVis week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, Borne
n^arlv 'hew. from 50c to $150; new shoes,
"light! y- damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission
M V bit. -First and Second ste. ; open Sundays.
MAN lady to travel and appoint agents; es-
c taliif*ed rtrm: $50 per month and expenj"
to Jrart. Manufacturer, box S2«. Chicago, 111.
FIRST.GLASS coatmakers; also good vest
, operator;' gord wa es and steady work. Apply
03.to 3.t S- Market Bt.. S. N. WOOD & CO.
» ■ EXKERIENCED city salesman. Brownstone
°° Wine : Co.', 331 Ellis st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting. Sso
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d Btg.
A CASHIER Read ad In Business Chances.
N DICATE OF manufai-turers.
HOBSON 1 Hou»e. 417 Kearny— rtooms from 25c
to .506; $1 to $3 per week. :. :
V' MEN to go on whaling cruise: no experl-
. ence' required. HERMAN'S, £6 Steuart Bt.
_T WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Broad-
way and # Devisadero st. '
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission
et./rf,en to take rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c per (
night; «ot, 90c. and $1 per week.
BARBERS'. Association Free Employment Of-
fice, J. SCHNEIDER. Act. Sec.. 325 Grant ay.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
run* Denver House, 217 Third st. : 100 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn the barber trade for
i 3 at 1542 Market st. -
! MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College. " _»% Eighth st.
SINGLE sunny furnished room. $2 50 a month.
Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
SEATTLE HOUSE. 106% Third— Furnished
rooms 25c to 50c day; $1 18 to $3 week.
■■ MEN'S fine 'calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
i soleing. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
I SINGLE room?. 15c. 20c. 23c per night: 75c. SI
j to $2 58 per wk. Elcho House. 863 Market st.
i SAILORS an-! ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
1 WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
i SINGLE, ■'furnished, fine, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
I TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. ■
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
I ket; 200 rooms, Me night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and frora the terry.
i AGENTS WANTED.
WE handle~"thT latest books and specialties : :
we make money-making propositions, to both
ladle* and gentlemen: you send name ami ,
address; we do the rest. V >e want an agent
In every county. WESTERN ADVERTIS-
: ING COMPANY. 2739 Folsom St.. 8. F.
I CITY and country, to «ell Leather Lustre: best
25c article on earth_BßOWN_J32_Bußh st.
FEW good men for light selling article. Sal-
ary or commission. 132 Geary st. •_
i BE wise and get in while the proposition la
; new and make good money. 1 3 Seventh st.
PARTNER S wanted.
PAINTER with some cash: 3 months' orders
! on hand. Call at 2137 Dwight way. Berkeley;
telephone Red 1112. '
PARTNER for 'oyster and chop house: very
reasonable. Apply bet. 12 and 1, 307 Grant aye.
~ ROOMS AND BOARD WA.VTBD.
wishes~ board in French family for pur-
pose of learning language. Box 4.4, < all.
-WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
CASH? for stock Jewelry, small or large; must
be cheap. Box 496. Call office.
WANTED— Good 12x24 cylinder bed engine;
must be c)T-ap. Box 4*2. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS^J^jTvi'HITNEY. trance test medium, j
life reader: medical clairvoyant: treat all pri-
vate chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings 11. 232 Stockton st.
' MRP SEELY. flower test circle; sealed let-
* ters read; 104 Ninth st.; i and 8 p. m. ; near
Mission. —
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-FrK. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 5; 25c; sittings, It. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O Farrell. j
MRS. MESA FRANCES. Independent slate i
writing medium. 118 HaieM st,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing: ladles. 50c; gents. $1: sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 1039 Mission
Ft., downstairs; Monday, Wednesday. Friday.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 153H Eth. r. n.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: !0c: ladies only.
.£43 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
GYPSY life reader: tells nothing but truths;
all questions answered: 25c. 50c. 928 Mission.
I JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
; 216 Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10. '•■■-
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant
and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. MORE At', the best medium and card
reader; 15c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
j MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
1 MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. ?.'c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
' PREDICTIVE ASTROLOGY.
j PROF MONROE. 777 Market St.: future
r events. 50c: advice, all questions: satisfaction.
______ _ _ (
MMJ_"nEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ger-
malne. 3388 Twenty-first St., -above Valencia;
tel. White 1571: reading by mall 11.
' SL ' I ! K . RFLLOUS H AIR '. ~~-
: SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush St.; 15
years' experience; references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS" Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; Inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold filling, from II; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A FULL set of teeth, |S; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10. years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. SOc; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
. ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, W.
rubber or flexible plates. 13; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth. 15; crowns. S3; fillings. 50c: all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental j
Parlors, 8 Mason st., corner of Market.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed !
work; lowest prices; ten operators; open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; rt-owns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gag given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. . ...
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth
84: filling, gold. 50c: silver. 25c: crowns. S3.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 253-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co . 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTONS, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye : tel. East 126.
— ™~~ LOST. ~~~
LOST— A Spits dog, from vicinity of Eight-
eenth and Castro sts. Return to 18 Hartford
St.; liberal reward. I
FEBRUARY 19. between Trinity Church and
Powell St., or Powell via Ellis to Park, steel
rimmed nose glasses In case. 412 Cole st.
LOST— A nickel-plated carriage cap. Finder
will please return to 875 Folsom st.
1 LOST— Febn«ary 24, white skiff, 4 feet long 3#
beam, with bow and side fenders, contain-
ing 4 oare. Finder please notify 808
ERWERT. Alvarado; reward.
_~ HORSES.
MAMMOTH auction Bale of 100 head of broken
and unbroken horses, Monday. March 6, at
11 o'clock, at Emporium Salesyards. 220 Va-
lencia st. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 827 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auction**™.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
i 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts;
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
SEWING MACHINES.
MONTHLY rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; Phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, •changed, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
— TYPEWRITERS.
ALLtypcwrltew sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices ALEXANDER & C 0.,110 . ontgomery.
A HAMMOND. 1226: Caligraph. 115: Yost; $»:
£ et M_ple worn, SCOTT. 238 Moat* ornery st.
THE SAN FRANCISUO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl2oo; ATTENTION, doctors'. A private dis-
pensary, and gallery of anatomy with museum
of wax figures; established roar.;/ years; the
-best paying in California; diseases of men ex-
clusively; receipts of 1898, $4141; proprietor* to
ret!;e to private life. Particulars WILKE &
UNFUQ, &<* Market st. __
A— sl6oo; OLD established corner grocery and
bar; 4 doors off Powell St.: clearing $150 per
month; rent $60; return rent $58; a splendid
offer;' owner to take ' charge of his ranch.
WILKE & UNFUG, 806 Market st.
A— SBSO— CORNER grocery and bar on Market
St.; 4 living rooms; old established and first-
class paying; all cash custom; a splendid
bargain. Particulars - WILKE & UNFUG, 308
Market st.
A— SSSO— CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location In Mission, with flat of 4 rooms;
rent $30; good paying business: partners to
dissolve. Call WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Markt.
A— $400— PORK and delicacy store, doing a
splendid business: living rooms; rent $12;
very best location in the Mission. Call
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Post st.
established years and doing a good cash store
and bar business; fullest investigation solic-
ited; owner to engage in commission busl- !
ness. Gall on WILSE & tJNFUG. 90« Market.
A— s4oo; SALOON; kept by present owner 5
years and doing a good business; best loca- .
tion; close to Montgomery and California st*. ;
owner sick; must sacrifice. WILKE & UN-
FUG, 906 Market St.
! A— s4oo; BARREL route clearing- $75 per month;
; horse, wagon, furniture; O X investment.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
WE buy sell or exchange business of any
kind. Apply National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$200— PARTNER wanted in old established
restaurant to attend cash counter, etc.: good
chance; steady man. Nat. Agency, 7 Grant.
i CORENR saloon, near Sixth and Mar-
I ket sts.; best bargain in the city. National
Agency, 7 Grant aye. '
$250— PARTNER wanted; light business; no
night or Sunday work; good chance for a
brainy man. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$400— SALOON; $15 a day trade.
I $400— Partner ; mfg. business: $20 a week,
i ■ $200— Partner; mechanical business; $15 a week.
! — Restaurant; $30 a day trade.
$600 — Grocery and bar; fair trade.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week;
no experience required. Western Investment
Co., 9 Geary st.
$450— GROCERY and bar; best part of Minna
St.; 3 good living rooms; rent $20: business
speaks. for itself. M..LESS, 765 Market st.
$1400— CORNER grocery and bar; north of Mar-
ket St.; living rooms; more than value In
Fight; 'bears investigation. M. LESS & CO.,
765 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in a paying. legitimate
business; will pay to each $5 daily. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$500— HOTEL at a sacrifice; other bus. cause of
sale. M'LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
TO buy, sell or exchange city and country
property see HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
$3200— WHOLESALE and retail. wine and liquor
house; card, billiard rooms; basement: safe
investment. HARTLEY & CO.. 1206 Market.
WE buy, sell, exchange any business for cash;
' rare chances; investigate. 41 Third st.
i PARTNER wanted; office business; small capi-
tal required; investigate. Reliable Exchange,
41 Third st., room 5.
A— buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply ; to MOON & CO.. 1008& Market st.
FOR this 'week w« offer the following list of
fine groceries, no bar: $3000, $2000, Sl6OO. $1100,
$900, $700; with bar: $5500. $4000, $1600, $1500,
$1000 $700, $400: saloons and liquor houses,
| $7500. $5000, $1600. $1500. $1400, $400, $250. etc.
l THE GERMAN-AMERICAN. 112 Kearny st.
! GOOD business man with $2500 can secure an
interest m an established manufacturing busi-
ness; staple goods, having a ready sale;
salaried position; fullest investigation. Box
357.. Call office. •
SALOON, well located, with stock and good
fixtures, for sale cheap on account of illness
of owner. Apply to CONRAD ALLEN. Red-
wood City. . ;
$325— SALOON; midst of factories; furnished
living rooms; low rent: doing good steady
business. CLARK & CO.. 509 Examiner bldg.
WANTED— sell, half interest in hand laun-
dry; $90 worth of work per week. Address box
493. Call office. '
$4500— FOR cash only; for sale, one of the
best hotels In the city of Oakland: 60 sunny
front rooms: house full all the lime: reason
for selling, sickness of the proprietor; or
would take a good partner with $3000 cash;
persons without money need not apply; no
agents for business. Address C. A. S. H.,
Call office, Oakland. <
$800— CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition; best cash trade. Apply 28 First
it.; no agents.
INVESTORS and speculators can be materially
assisted by paying a visit to J. S. PURDYS
brokerage office, 45 Sutter st., opposite Oc-
cidental Hotel: the latest New York and
Chicago markets. . ■
FLORIST and nursery stock; greenhouse and
heating apparatus: doing business of $15 to
$25 a day; selling on account of sickness.
Particulars at 600 Halght st. no agents.
IF you want to buy, sell or exchange prop-
I erty or business of any kind see JONES &
LAWN, 719 Market St.. for square dealing.
GROCERY, wood, coal and feed business;
whole or separate: must be sold; cheap.
Northeast corner Dolores and Valley sts.
GOOD paying city weekly for sale cheap: best
of reasons for selling; profitable advertising
patronage. Address box 440, Call office.
MODERN millinery store for sale at a bargain:
In a thoroughly up to date town. Apply to
BUTLER, SCHUTZE & CO.. 723 Market st.
RESTAURANT for sale on account of
leaving city; a snap. 318 OFarrell st.
BEER saloon for sale at half price with liv-
ing rooms. Apply 652 Sacramento st.
SALOON for sale. Inquire 102 Geary st. from
12 to 6 p. m. ■ ■ -:y
$450— FOR sale; restaurant: present owner run-
ning over 10 years; a bargain. 108 Seventh st.
SALOON: good fixtures and stock; good busi-
ness location. 100 Folsom St.. corner Bpear.
WELL-PAYING bakery; store trade only; very
best location; cheap. Apply Call- office.
RESTAURANT cheap. Apply Call office.
COFFEE and tea route* supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL *■. CO.'S. 418 Sncramgnto «t.
lodging houses for sale.
a"few~of^deckers bargains.
60-room corner house; clears $350 $2,000
28-room house; clears $150 R5O
46 rooms; corner; clears $250 1,500
10 rooms: near City Hall: very g00d.... 450
15 rooms; fine sunny corner: clears $100.. 600
12 rooms on Market; cxc. for large house. 500
28 rooms; best cor. In city: owner sick.. 2.200
IS rooms: rent $50 'transient): halt cash.. 1.050
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE
call on H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
15-ROOM house; clears $100 per month: owner
scik; price $350. DECKER," 1020 Market st.
50- ROOM cor. house to exchange for Oakland or
Alameda property. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO.—— ViVa Geary
Money advanced on all houses.
$4000—105 room*; European hotel; rent $200;
elegant modern house; clears $3000 yearly.
$1400—35 rooms; all new; cheap rent; best
transient in city; worth $2000.
$800—11 rooms; O'Farrell; new.
$425—10 rooms; Post; cheap at $600. .
$325—9 rooms; Leavenworth: nothing better.
Many others. Call and get list. KREDO.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
22 rooms; Golden Gate aye.; snap $ 675
40 rooms: rent $105; part cash 2100
60 rooms: rent only $50; bargain 850
I 8 ROOMS and bath: newly furnished: very de-
sirable location: selling very cheap on account
of sickness. Apply LESS, 765 Market st.
NOTICE— 2OO lodging j houses ' for sale cheap;
part cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
FOR sale on account of , sickness— Furnished
house; 17 rooms: full. 689 and 691 Geary st.
NINE rooms, all occupied; rent reasonable;
sell cheap. 259 Stevenson st.
$450—12 ROOMS; sunny corner; low rent; clears
$40 monthly. 1129 Howard st. .-," '■■■•-.
:* furniture for sale.
ALMOST new moquette arid body brussels car-
pets, 75 cents per yard. 2000 California st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 CO, wltk No.
t range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. •W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, . 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorce law; private: estates. J.
B. EVANS, 14 McAllister, nr Hlbernla Bank.
L 6 CLARK— Spreckels building. • 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: divorce law; costs advanced in
good eases. ROSS. 1236 Market St., room 127.
ADVICE" free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
_ STORAGE. <■ ; • ■' •■
PIERCeTrUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 3<13.
PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company: pack-
ing, advance*, etc. 735 Market; teL, Black 111.
— ■■•■ J
PERSONALS.
M~RSr~ANNIE "BROTHERTON is alone re-
sponsible for debts contracted by her. MRS.
ANNIE BROTHERTON. "
LEDERER'S Qulnonia Hair Tonic Is driving all
other hair tonics out of the market; 35c bottle.
G. LFDERER. 123 Stockton st. :
IF you want your hair dressed correctly, go to
LEDERER; price, 25c; hair rolls, 35c: good
switches $1; fine. $2 50. LEDERER'S Foamo
■ Shampoo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stocktn.;
JOHN L BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney-at-Law, and Copyright
No 4 Sutter St.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
WRINKLES scientifically removed and busts
developed by the Harmonic Vibrator, that
wonderful Invention, at the HARMONIC
LIFE INSTITUTE, 236 Powell st. tests free.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms;
i 25c to $160 per night: $1 BO to $6 per week:
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed: no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter st. MRS. CLAYTON. •
BATHS, 12>4c; 30 porcelain tubs; separate en-
trance for ladies; lady attendant. 34 Fourth.
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm. sets $8: bed loung-
| es $4 50: open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold. Tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER. furriers, formerly on
Post St., removed to store 110 Kearny st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth Bt., Alameda.
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices.
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st. _^
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Fol-om.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. X..
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth..
DRESSMAKERS.
SAn"fRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
I College, 916 Market: men and women teachers.
! SILK or cloth dresses made. $5 up ; dresses made
over; perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
LEARN • dressmaking, ladles' tailoring-, milll-
nery: patterns cut. McDowell Sch.. 103 Post.
~~ HOUSES TO LET.
A. FINE 12- room and bath residence: reduced
* from $100 to $75; 1914 Clay st. A. M. SPECK
& CO., 667 Market St., opp. Kearny. L __
A— s2o; 7-ROOM house, few blocks from Palace,
at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market st.
AN offer wanted for lovely 9-room house. 1304
Post st., near Franklin. •
HOUSE, 117 Cedar aye.. north of Geary, bet.
Polk and Van Ness; 7 rms., bath; rent $20.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN _ HOWELL. 10 Montgomery at. ■
NICE dwelling; 672 Bryant St.. near Fifth: 3
nice rooms; hallway; separate yard; rent $9.
1 PERRY House, 4 rooms, and yard: rent
$7 60; water free. Apply to UMBSEN & CO.
$13— HOUSE of 6 rooms; $12. one of 4 rooms.
2 and 6 Lawrence place, off Fremont St.. bet.
Harrison and Bryant; grand view of bay.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GROVEii~l6m_r^ir. Lyon— Cottage of 3 large
sunny rooms In rear; rent $7; G. G. Park.
$10 COTTAGE: 4 rooms; cellar: yard. 468
Linden aye.. near Hayes and Laguna sts.
FLATS TO LET.
STEINER,~bet. Geary and O'Farrell— Elegant
new sunny flats; open to-day; 9-room, $47 50;
7-room. $37 60; also on same lot, facing Elliott
Park, 6-room, $22 50; 4-room. $18: have porce-
lain tub*, basements and all modern Improve-
ments; water, scavenger and janitor service
included. _^
BRODERICK, 1016, near Turk— New modern 6
and 7 room flats. . , . .
CLAY, 1415 A. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde—
First-class sunny flat, 8 rooms and bath; ex-
tra room In basement; rent reduced very low.
FELL. 511— Flat of 4 rooms: bath; hot and cold
water; gas; yard and basement; $13 rent. Key
at 513 Fell st. . .' . • ■
i FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window, bath; $12. 716
Natoma St., between Seventh and Eighth.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BA__D-
WIN A HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FOLSOM, — S sunny rooms and baths; mod-
ern lmprovmnts. ; suitable for 1 or 2 families.
GROVE, 642— Flat. 6 sunny room*; bath; mod-
ern improvements; $23. .-■■•■ ••••'■ ■■ • ■ •
HARRIET, '27(V near Bryant, off. Sixth— Sunny
flat of 4 rooms, yard; rent $10.' = " • -.' : ■■
HARRISON, 6-room flat, with bath; clean;
. $22. •■ ■•■ ' :
HAVES. 889, near Fillmore— upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; good order; rent $17.
HOWARD, 1163. near Eighth— l. or 2 or 3 flats.
8 rooms each; separate or all together.
HOWARD. 2006 A, near 'Sixteenth— 2 beautiful
furnished rooms for housekeeping; 88.
LIBERTY. 221, near Dolores— 5 large
rooms; bath: gas; tubs; rent only $15:
LOVELY new sunny "flats: 5 and 4 rooms, bath,
wash trays; $12 and $14. 184 Precita aye., near
Mission st. ■ ' ' ' •
NATOMA 700 A —New 6 rooms, bath; corner;
bay-window facing Eighth st. Owner. 144 2d.
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath. $15.
SILVER, 30, in rear— large sunny rooms; $7.
VERY pleasant sunny flat; low rent. 831 Guer-
rero st., near Twenty-flrrt. '
WALLER, 312—4 rooms and bath, basement and
yard. Inquire af.lo}.- ■ ■
$12— NICE flat of 4 rooms. 14 Moss St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard. __ ;
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLSOM. 646— Furnished and unfurnished
; rooms, with yard; suitable for housekeeping.
j FOLSOM, 810— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nlshed; no children. ___
FOLSOM, 863— A large sunny bedroom and ad-
Jolnlng kitchen; yard; $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Sunny floor, 3 or 4
rms. and bath; complete; gas range, etc.; $25.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050-One or two large
sunny well furnished rooms and kitchen for
light housekeeping or for gentleman; gas
stove and free telephone; private family.
GROVE, 131— 1 furnished sunny room, for light
housekeeping if desired. .
HOWARD Nicely furnished bay-window
suite, with kitchen; man and wife: reasnble.
JULIAN aye. 192. corner Sixteenth— % furnished
housekeeping rooms. $10; other ro!*ris.
LAGUNA, 60S, cor. Hayes— Connecting sunny
• rooms furnished for housekeeping, closet; $15.
LEWIS. IS, off Taylor, near Post— 2 rooms and
kitchen; unfurnished.
MCALLISTER, 422— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 953—1 or 2 rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap. '
NATOMA, 739. near Ninth— Single or house-
keeping rooms; sunny.
NINTH, Front bay-window suite, $12; 2
connecting. $10; 1 front. 88; single; stove;
water; gas. .
NINTH Sunny suite for light housekeep-
ing; stove and running water; also others.
NOE 151. N. of Market— 2 sunny bay-window
rooms; modern; gas range; grate; bath; $12.
OAK. 54— Furnished sunny rooms; light house-
keeping If desired: bath: gas. .
POWELL. 418— Housekeeping- rooms.
POWELL, Sunny furnished j housekeep-
ing and single rooms; respectable and reason-
able. ; . . —
SIXTH, 216%— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: light housekeeping & sing. : rent reas.
SIXTEENTH, 2902. cor. Howard— sunny
front rooms, furnished for housekeeping, $10.
STOCKTON. 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. _^ _^
TENTH. 136, corner Minna— front room;
grate and running water; light housekeeping.
TWELFTH 40— Nicely furnished front room
and kitchen, $10; also single. . '
TWELFTH, 145, corner of Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, 1175—2 : nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; bay-window; sunny: bath.
VAN NESS, 620— Sunny front rooms with.
kitchen and gas stove: reasonable: ; ■
VAN NESS, 940—3 partly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $18 per month. ' ■
. . ROOMS TO LET. ' •.
ARLINGTON House. - 127 Kearny ■ Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite , or. single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. _____
A— SUTTER, 717. Sunny, choice, reason-
able; appreciated If seen ; please . Investigate.
AT 52 Second— rooms, per wk., • $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; night. 25c to 50c. .*-*.. / ■
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms: •- suite*,
single; facing plaza; day or month. :
EDDY, 3 cor. Powell— Sunny single room; on
Market 'at.; $150 week. , . . •
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY. 473— Neat sunny, room, 85 per month.
EIGHTH, 126— Double or single; nicely fur-
nished 'sunny room, cheap.
ELLIS, 611— Two nicely furnished sunny rooms;
reasonable; gentlemen preferred.
GEARY 36H. The Clyde— Changed hands; front
rooms, $2 to $6 per week; 50e to SI 50 per day.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny rooms suitable for
housekeeping; also other rooms; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN. 6E. " cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furnished
front room; running water; grate; private
family; reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to 86 per week.
HARRISON. 784^_. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week.
LEAVENWORTH, 411— Parlor floor of 3 rooms
for doctor or man and wife.
MARKET, 1122— Suite of sunny rooms; large
bay-window, facing Market; also single.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furplshed
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MINT aye.. 26. N. side of Mint— Bright newly
furnished bedroom; private family.
NINTH, 150— A nice furnished room and use of
the bath, with German family.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
OTARRELL, 280 (The Elwood)— Nice sunny
rooma; transient; quiet. "
O'FARRELL, 419 (flat 4)— Furnished room; use
of kitchen: $10.
O'FARRELL. 271— Nicely furnished sunny
roomr.; suites or single; reasonable.
PAGE 113—2 nice sunny rooms for gentlemen;
_$7 1 58._ ,
PINE, 514 A, n^ar Kearny— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms; single or en 3uite; $5 up.
POST, SH'-A front alcove room; also back
room, with running water. __
POWELL, 418—1 unfurnished room, 85.
SACRAMENTO. 1012, near Powell— Sunny par-
lor and bedroom; double bed, bath, grate,
hot and cold water; private family; central
location; gentlemen; rent 820.
SEVENTH, 127— Girard House; sunny rooms;
reasonable; also housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 409. and 22 Mint aye.
furnished front rooms, with grate, and others;
$1 up.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnlshef 1 . and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 823 A— Newly and elegantly furnished
front room.
THIRTEENTH, 418%, above Valencia— Sunny
furnished room; rent $r.. and one large.
TURK 127— Bright parlor for dressmaking or
office': light housekeeping: gas: new furniture.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
H^T^E?TlFairmountr^7i< Market— Elegant new
furniture; flrst-class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $60 month up.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny room*; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Sunny furnished room,
with or without boards
VAN NESS aye.. 940—2 sunny rooms, with
board; no children: no sign.
■ CHILDREN BOARDED.
GOOD home for 2 children: furnished room for
parent. 51 Clara st.
FOR adoption— Twin babies of good parentage.
Address box 490. Call.
ONE or 2 children to board; German family;
nice sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
STORES TO LET.
LARGE well lighted basement underneath the
German Methodist Church; suitable for a
kimierKarten school or storeroom. Apply 86SB
Folsom st.
OFFICES TO LET.
KEARNY, 410— Newly renovated offices; en
suite or single: front or rear; low rent.
MUSIC— J- INSTRI'MENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
85 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW gilt edge bargains— Weber, walnut
case, upright, bargain: Knabe, good as n«w,
upright, rosewood: Chlckering, used three
months upright, mahogany: guaranteed five
years; easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, !<; O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTE bargains in- pianos, this week only;
ChlokerinK, $75; Steinway, $127: Emerson.
$138; Kelso, $145; Spencer, $17';; Colby. |M 5;
Conover. $225: Steinway, $250. SPENCER'S
Piano Warerooms. 1818 Market st.
HORNUNG'S pianos praised by all great ar-
tists; his touch regulator the wonder of the
day; please examine. 216 McAllister st.
THE beet bargain In the city can be found
at MAtJVAIS', 769 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
HALLETT & DAVIS upright; nearly new; best
offer takes It. Room 10, Flood building.
GOOD Fischer upright sacrificed by lady
obliged to sell at once. Rm. 21. Flood bldg.
FIVE Steinway Chickering. both uprights, at
a sacrifice. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
NEW pianos rented. $3 mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano
Co. Self-playing piano (30 tunes). 560 Hayes.
A-UPRIGHTS, $69 up: Installments $5 75 up;
rents $3 50 up (allowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W G BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet _ Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Post st^
jTTiXno that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, ilthers, old and new EL
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlai
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
_}OlLERs!~en_"lnes, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTO6H & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont »t.
A HANDSOME emerald and diamond ring; cost
$230 at Tiffany's, New York, for $110. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
$40 DR. SANDEN electric belt; almost new;
will sell very cheap. 153 Fourth st.
GASOLINE engines-1 fcorfe power $100 ; 2, $125;
Z. $150; 4, $175. SMITH CO., 627 Mission st.__
FOlTsaTe cheapTphotngraphini? outfit; tent lOx
17; ferrotype camera. 2025 Lombard st.
FUjJE^eTof tailor tools for sale cheap. Apply
726 Washington st.
FINE canary blrls, males and females, cheap,
at 31RS Sixteenth sV
BARS, bacit bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Slxth^
CHEAP small screw-cutting lathe: 1 portable
blacksmith forge; 1 sqr. shears. 648 Mission.
CAST iron bath tubs, enameled; 8 ft. and 5Vi ft.
by 2 ft.; cheap. H. S. White. 516-20 Mission.
LEATHER~beltlng. lace leather, pump cups,
etc. Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission St.; tel. Br. 331.
POLYPHONE. BSS: attachment (only). $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 10P-111 Market. 8. F.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
McCALL Sliding Hinge-Window Company.—
Location of principal place of business, San
Francisco, California.
Notice IS hereby given, that at a meeting
of the directors, held on the 14th day of Feb-
ruary 1899. an assessment of five cents per
share' was levied upon the capital stock of
the corporation, payable immediately in
United States gold coin, to the secretary
thereof, at the office of said corporation. No.
215 Golden Gate avenue. San Francisco, Cal.
And stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 18th day of March,
1899, will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment
Is made before, will be sold on TUESDAY,
the 4th day of April. 1899. to pay the delin-
quent assessment, together with the costs of
advertising and expenses of sale. By order,
of the Board of Directors.
ELVIN C. McCALL, Secretary.
Office. No. 215 Golden Gate avenue, San
Francisco, California.
: ' MEDICAL. : ;:'>-f;
A SURE safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
- aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find in
her a true friend; a 'home for patients, with I
every comfort, convenience, of a hospital j
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
absolutely confidential; satisfaction guaran-
teed, without Injury to health, or money re-
funded by MRS. DR. GWYER 510 Eddy st
bet. Hyde and Larkin: office hours. 10 to 12.
2 to 4 and 7 to 8; phone East 995; Sundays by
appointment only. .__
A TREATMENT that restores . instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; positively no instruments used;
eelf cure, $5: regulator, $1; home in confine-
ment; skillful medical attention; all can save
time and expense by consulting the doctor.
free, before going elsewhere: hours, 10 to 5 and
7 to 8. MRS. DR. WYETH. removed from
Turk to 916 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write: free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
■pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure: no medicines or instruments
used; consultation free; traveling parties
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5; by the well-known specialists
and ladies' physicians for 37 years: see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS., 318 Kearny St.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5: travelers helped In-
stantly; home for patients separate from of-
fice: consultation free and strictly confiden-
tial : hour*. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR.
KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of --"Hilari-
ties than any other physician; never fails to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
latest methods: strict antiseptic precautions;
ladies near or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well-known; reliable, safe and sure: cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any time; maternity
home: best medical attendance; pills. $1: cure
$5. 1362 Market St., bet. 7th-Sth. tel. Mint 1633.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
gura Mfg. Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— guaranteed for monthly troubles;
$5 up. DR. and MRS. WISE. 1118 Market st.
BELLEVUE Sanitarium— cared for dur-
ing confinement. 727 Bellevue ay..Los Angeles.
city real estate.
~~ beware!
CURBSTONE brokers and land sharks are sell-
ing lots near the Ocean boulevard and park
at $400 which in rainy weather are sub-
merged, forming a lake, as the situation is
low ground; parties desiring lots in that
vicinity that are high and dry, with a fine
view of : the ocean and boulevard, can have
their choice at $300 on very easy payments by
calling on JACOB HYMAN & SON, 19 Mont-
gomery st. N. B.— Cars and houses built on
lots to suit. -. • ■
MISSION COTTAGES
Four, 6. . 6 and 8-room houses on the sunny
side of Twentieth st., between Castro and
Noe: $2200 to $3200: small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
$1600— new 4-room bay-window house: 10-
-foot brick basement: stable. 1439 Shotwell st.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
MARIN Co., 26 miles fi m S. F.— s4o to 180 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor Mills bldg.. S. F.
CHICKEN, bee and fruit ranch of 6 acres; one
of the best equipped In the State: 600 chick-
ens. 200 ducks, 400 pigeons and 35 stands of
bees; large brooder-house, capacity 3000 chick-
ens; incubators, bone-cutter mill, hay-cutter,
cider-press, horse, wagon, buggy, farm Im-
plements, tools, etc.: household furniture:
price $1750 for stock, improvements, etc. rent
$25. J. H. READ. Dimond, Upper. Frultvale.
Alameda County. ■; ■■ ■
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
, MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69, Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14. t
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances ,on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644.-
LOANS to salaried people; no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003& Broadway,
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
BORROW money on indorsed payer or your
salary: small loans a specialty; any secur-
ity. THE REYNOLDS CO.. cor. 3d & Jessie.
ON furniture or pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLL 130 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture: Oakland; Alameda;
Berkeley. EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason' st.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, .without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; mortgages:' advances on
warehouse receipts. SALOMON, 328 Montgy.
MONET to loan— Real estate, 2d mortg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger.,3l2 Examiner big.
MINING.
DRTWASHERS for dry placer mining: $35 for
6-ton machine: any size made. GEORGE M.
6ALSBURY. 621 X St., Sunset district
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$150 CASH. $6 monthly till paid for; neat cot-
tage of i rooms, barn, outhouses. 2 lots, nice-
• ly fenced, good well of water, flowers: price
$575 all told: street macadamized; soli and
climate excellent; drainage perfect; fine level
land; streets all graded; some macadamized;
close to 3 electric car lines and a fine 3-
•■, etory public -school: : 50 families now located
In nice homes; no fogs nor cold winds: Allen-
dale Tract, East Oakland; a few lots un-
sold, $75 upward; $5 cash. $5 monthly. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., corner
Broadway, Oakland: carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner. : . ?
30 MINUTES from San. Francisco; 3 minutes
- from station; in attractive neighborhood;
• new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern; thor-
oughly constructed and finely finished; lot 42x
125; small payment and monthly installments
can be arranged. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway. ■....." •■
FOR sale or exchange for city property— s2soo;
a fine 3-story house on Eighth St., West Oak-
land, containing 7 rooms and bath -and store
arid 3 rooms and' bath; cottage of 4 rooms in
-.rear; lot 26x156.- Apply , to C. B. .WINES, Real
Estate Agent. 1756 Seventh at.. West Oakland,
Postofflce building. • '
$$00 AND upwards; a poor man's chance to se-
- cure a home: located bet. Grove st. and San
Pablo aye.; within 10 to 15 minutes* walk to
local train*; convenient to school house and
poptofflce: healthiest location in. Oakland;.
terms to suit. Address at once R. J. MONI-
GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth st . Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED H o^^
2 FURNISHED rooms; separate entrance: very
pleasant ; surroundings: near ; town. Inquire
73S Telegraph aye., Oakland. ' • -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR 'SALE.
i FURNITURE-^Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
[ HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
$'£$■% EDUCATIONAL. '
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: -as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geo!.. mia-
. eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con- ,
I structlon, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
i shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
; HE ALP'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
A YRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship, $30; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates: day,
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
! ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
I ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. : day * eve.;
I est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PIANO, singing and elocution lessons. Mme.
Renfro and Miss M. Smitten. , 1001 Sutter st.
I BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
PHYSICIANS.
, REMOVAL notice— C. C. O'Donnell. offlc»
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
~~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Thomas J. Manning and Mina K. Meyers.. 3o-30
Thomas W. Pritchard and Bertha C. Ricci.32-24
! Maurice Sllberstein and Anna M. Kohler.3o-23
! William F. St. Ores and Kate E. Luce 32-30
I Layo Newman and Florence Nathan 33-19
: Stephen Rolicheck and Margaret Fa11er.... 26-19
Samuel Conn and Sarah Beer ,25 : 23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
I Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
i mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published. •
BORN.
EISENBERG— this city February 24, 1599.
to the wife of I. N. Eisenberg. a son. *
I HIRSCHEY— In this city, February 19. 1599, to
the wife of C. M. Hirschey, a son.
SONNE— In this city.' February 11. 1899. to the
wife of Hermann Th. Sonne, a son.'
- ~DIEI>7~
Barry, Ellen Mclntyre, Edward J.
Cain, Charles Qulnn, A. Richard
Cardoza Antonio Rasmussen Henrietta
Conlan. Mary A. Riechers. Henry
Diaz Peter ; Rickard. Vincent I.
Driscoll. John Riordan. John D.
'ley. Mary Shine, Margaret A.
Gallagher, John V. Tresseit. Adolf
Johnson. Josia G. Vulicevich, Margaret
Langford, Mrs. G. F. Wheeler. Arthur J.
McGinley, James
BARRY— In this city, February 27, 1899. Ellen,
beloved wife of Edward James Barry, and
mother of Mollie Nellie. Nettie and Lillie
Barry. Mrs. Kiley and the late Tillie Barry
a native of County Limerick. Ireland, aged
43 years.
' fCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, US Chattanooga street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
strictly private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAIN— the City and County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 2S, 1899, Charles Cain, a native of New
York, aged 59 years.
CARDOZA— In this city, February 2S, 1599. An-
tonio da Costa Cardoza. beloved husband of
Rosa da Costa Cardoza. a native of Portugal,
aged 48 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
CONLAN— In this city. February 28. 1899. Mary
A., beloved wife of P. Conlan,. and mother of
Dr. W. E. and Judge C. T. Conlan, a nativ»
of Ireland, aged 68 years. (Sacramento, Cal.,
and Albany. N. V., papers please copy.)
CT7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son. Judge C. T. Conlan. 088
Page street, near Fillmore. thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DIAZ— In this city. February 27. 1899, Peter,
son of Peter and Adela Diaz, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 10 months.
DRISCOLL— In this city. February 28. 1*99,
John Driscoll, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
FOLEY— In this city February 28. 1899. Mary.
beloved dauchter of Michael and Margaret
Foley. aged 6 years 5 months and 2 days.
(DT The funeral services will be held
to-mcrrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence, 1031 Ellis street. Interment pri-
vate.
GALLAGHER— this city, February 28. 1599,
John Vernon. beloved son of John T. and
. Elizabeth Gallagher, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 9 months.
JOHNSON— In this city, February 28. 1899,
Josia G.. beloved husband of Lenora F. John-
son, father of Charles H. and Georere A.
Johnson and Mrs. Isidor Selig. and brother of
Sirs S. Strona, a native of Brookfleld. N. H.,
aged 68 years 3 months and 19 days. (Blue
Earth, Minn., and Dover. N. H-, papers
pleat e copy.)
(CT'Notice of funeral hereafter. ■ v ..-
LANGFORD-^February 14, 1899. . Mrs. George.
F. Langford, aged 26 years. ■.y.;-.v
McGINLEY —In Ukiah. February 22. 1899.
James, beloved son of Patrick and the late
Catherine McGinley, brother of Mrs. P. Mc-
Donnell, Patrick McGlnley and the late An-
drew and Unity McGinley, Mrs. Katie .Guer-
lick and Andrew C. McGinley, and brother-
in-law of Mrs. Stephen Fitzgerald, a native
of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 42 years
and 10 months.
icy Notice of funeral .hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777
Mission street. . . . *.~g"
McINTYRE— In Oakland. February 28. 1899.
Edward J. Mclntyre, formerly of Sacramento,
a native of Boston. Mass. *
Ql'lNN'— ln this city, February 2S, 1899, A.
Richard beloved husband* of Emllie Quinn.
father of Mrs. W. H. Harris. Mrs. Flora
Bailey and Stella and Harold Qulnn, son of
James Quinn. and brother of Mrs. Nellie
Doherty. a native of Illinois, aged '4B years
7 months and 13 days.
. fETNotice of funeral hereafter.
R\SMUSSEN-In this city. February 28, 1599,
Henrietta May, beloved wife of H. C. Ras-
mussen. . a native of San Francisco, aged
39 years and 6 months.
RIECHERS— In this city, February 28, 1599,
Henry beloved husband of Marie Riechers.
father" of Otto and Lena Riechers. and
brother of Herrmann, Charles and Otto
Riechers, a native of Germany, aged 42' years
9 months and 23 days. A member or Nord-
deutscher Verein.
D__rFrien<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2 Bvington avenue, off Webster street,
between Ellis and .O'Farrell. thence to
Shiols building, 32 O'Farrell street, where
funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of the Norddeutscher Verein. commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ' . . ;-".■■-. *-t
RICKARD-In this city. February 28. 1599,
Vincent Ignatius, Infant son of William H.
and Mary A. Rickard. and grandson of Mr.
and Mrs. Frederick Smith, a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 months and 3 days.
IT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Wednesday), at 2:30 clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 196S Ellis street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,v.
RIORDAN— In this city, February 27, 1899.
R John D . son of Mary A. and the late Rich-
ard Riordan. and brother of Richard R. .and
Virginia Riordan. a native of San Francisco.
aP ir_rFriends 3 are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day i Wednesday), at
10:30 o'clock, from the residence of h« mother.
610 Eddy street, thence to St. Mar> s Cathe-
dral where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 11
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. '-j_.
SHINE-In this city. February 27. 1«?9. Mar-
earetA relict of the late John P. Shine,
a native of Boston, aged 45 years.
TRESSELT— In this city. February 2?. 1599,
Adolf beloved son of Hanna and Emil Tres-
seit. a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months.
VTLICEVICH— In this city, February 27. 1899,
Margaret L. beloved wife of Marco S. Vull-
cevifh, a native of County Westmeath, Ire-
la £^Frlends and acquaintances are respect -
fully Invited to attend the funeral this < day
(Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence 414 Hyde street, thence to St.
Mary'" Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
! .foul commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
WHEELER— In Waterman. February 26. 1599,
I Arthur J . only and beloved son of the late
Jacob and Jessie G. Wheeler, and grandson
at the late Joseph and the late Jane Weed
a native of San Francisco, aged IS years and
jryFriends and acquaintances • are respect-
f niiv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother. 1229 Green street, be-
tween Hyde and Larkin. ; Interment Masonic
J Cemetery. .
! ST DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
i ciatlon— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, ; will be celebrated
in St. Dominic's Church. Bush and • Steinet
streets, to-morrow "(Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are, invited to attend. . . ' - _
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to ' Flanagan & Gallagher),
! FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB3.
JO Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. • - '■
McAVOY & CO.. ;, I
FUNERAL DIKECTORS & EMBaUEM I
Market at., between CO.. ______ I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4. EIIbALMEM I
IMS Market at., between Bth and »t*.
Telephone. Bouth247^^^^^^J
1112
GUNST WINS OUT
IN A SHARP DEAL
Has Secured the Lease of a Desirable
Business Location.
fT\HE power of a Police Commissioner, is. something terrible to It is
THE power of a Police Commissioner mountains, can create as much
stronger than the faith which will move mountains, and can create as much
I terror as a wild bull at a Sunday School picnic. u Qt ~v,i oaa
± Mose Gunst is a Police Commissioner. In repose he looks perfectly * a ™ "*
-a satisfied mass of humanity leaning up against a bar. with a cigar between
his teeth and an expression on his face which might be likened to the Innocence
of childhood were it not for his bold, shrewd gray eyes But Mo *V *n> h ' fhree
harmless. He is a Police Commissioner, and as such legally one <»«"»« three
kings of San Francisco, and to all practical purposes a veritable Czar HI enemas
hate him; others look upon him with mingled dread and scorn e* en the > syco
phants of the race track, who humbly bow. In his presence, «fl«"? h J n ' he most
suggestive manner as soon as his back turned. and .^V^r fntCa^ h0 *° r
ship his mighty highness, say strange things about him to - their intimates. aloons
Mose is in the cigar business; and thereby hangs a tale n which the sa loons
and the race track and a desirable business location are the most prominent
features When the Baldwin Hotel was burned Mose's cigar store was also
demolished, and it wa^ a matter of common talk at that time that the poHce took
more trouble to protect the property of their lord and master. Gunst .than that
fease him. He had power. He would use this power, and use it he did
Th* corner of Market and Stockton streets, at the junction of Ellis, struck he
wary Mose as a good place, and he decided to have it. To any one else this would
JaS seemeranfmpossible task, as the firm of Mlchalitschke Bros & Co. has oc
cupied the desirable location for the past fifteen years. This was a mere trifle to
Mose. The old tenants must get out.
The stand in question is on the first floor of one of the buildings owned by the
Flood estate, and is leased by John F, Farley, saloon-keeper, race track man and
friend of Gunst. This made things easy. , ...
Just what the deal was between Farley and Gunst has not been made public,
but the character of this man who has the guardians of public peace and morals
under his thumb is so well known that it can be easily surmised. The results are
public, property. The lease held by the old firm expires to-day, and a lew days
ago it was surprised to learn that Gunst was about to move in. The secretary or
the firm asked Mr. Farley why he could not renew the old lease.
"Oh, well, you are good tenants and all that," retorted the saloon-keeper, but
JimmieFlood owns this shack and he wanted Gunst in here, see!"
The secretary of the firm did not exactly see. so he started out to make fur
ther inquiries. Ho was unable to find Mr. Flood, but learned from that gentle
man's authorized representative that the building is the property of the estate,
not of Mr. Flood individually, and that no one connected with the estate had inter
fered with the tenants of the lessee. And the Michalitschkes are as much in the
dark as ever. They know that they have lost their fine location, and the lease
which they had held for years has been turned over to Mose Gunst, but no ex
planation has been offered.
IMAGINES A
WOMAN WANTS
TO KILL HIM
John Dougherty Be
comes Insane.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT
PITIABLE CONDITION OF THE
DISGRACED TREASURER.
He Attempts to Assault One of His
Cellmates and Receives a Se
vere Beating in
Return.
John Dougherty, the ex-treasurer of the
Marino Fireman's? Association, who is ac
cused of stealing $17,000 of the funds of the
organization, is locked up in the City
, Prison. He became insane yesterday. He
imagines that a "fat pretty woman" is
■_ pursuing him for the purpose of killing
him. l>ast evening he attempted to as
• fault one of the prisoners confined in the
cell with him. claiming that he was egg-
Ing the imaginary woman on to murder
him.
He became so obnoxious to his cellmates
• that one of them gave him a severe beat-
ln^. closing his left eye and cutting a deep
gash In his cheek. Turnkey Hickey. hear
ing his cries for help, entered the eel! and
stopped further hostilities. Dough-rty
"with his face covered with blood was
then taker, from the cell and placed in
• another department by himself. During
EL GENERALISSIMI WHEELER
I His Stirring Transition From the Cristobal i
I Colon to Golden Gate Park.
o t
TXT HEN the young: student of natural history goes out to Golden Gate +
\A/ Park to study the buffalo, the deer,, the llama and other wild animals O
1/1/ from American forests he will see Generalissimo ."Wheeler rooting con- "♦■
* * tentedly for worms in the paddock." The Generalissimo came under, the °
i American flag with Porto Rico,, the Philippines, Guam and other spoils T
of war, and while he was not mentioned in the peace protocol or the subse- +.
quent treaty, he was none the less won by Yankee valor. • O
He was first seen Industriously swimming away from the luckless Cristobal +
Colon when that Spanish warship was dying under the Oregon's battering O
shells off the Cuban coast. He was picked up by a boat's crew from the Amer- +
lean vessel and carried, expressing his gratitude in hearty grunts, aboard the o
Oregon. He probably had been intended for a juicy roast on the table of the +
Spanish skipper, but the Oregon's guns saved his bacon, and Generalissimo O
Wheeler, as he was then christened, renounced allegiance to the baby King of +
Spain forever. ' O
.Piggy Wheeler accompanied the Oregon on her return trip around the +
Horn, and aboard of her reached Honolulu. The crew decided that the Gen- o
eralissimo had seen enough of Spanish misrule, and fearing to take him to +
Manila, where some American soldier would steal him for the center-piece of O
a camp bcanbake, they decided to present him to Golden Gate Park. He was £
therefore carried, squealing. vociferously, aboard the Australia and given in +
charge of Captain H9Udlette. To-day his pigship will be presented to Mayor q
Phelan, with a letter and the compliments of the Oregon's gallant crew, and +
i then Generalissimo Wheeler will be one of the 200 freaks of the park "zoo." O
♦o+o l o +o+o.+ o+o+o+o +o+o+ o to.totatp + o tot o't oto.to.totH
the night he became violent, and it was
found necessary to give him an opiate to
quiet him. „ . , .
The pri?on officials are inclined to be
lieve that Dougherty's condition i? due
to an overindulfenco in liquor. After his
return fr->m the Ea^t. where it is said he
squandered most of his ill-irotten sains,
he took to drink and remained in an in
toxicated condition until the day of his
arrest. Learning: lhat iho police were
after him he bought several gallons of
whisky and secreted it in the hold of a
ship which was lying at the loot of Third
fctreet. He then crawled into the hold,
remaining there for four days, not emerg
ing until he had consumed every drop of
the whisky.
In addition to the woman, who is sup
posed to be pursuing him, Dougherty im
agines that Ward, his alleged accomplice,
is conspiring with the police to land him
in San Quentin.
Ward was arrested Monday night on
warrants charging him with stealing sev
eral thousand dollars of the funds of the
association, and when Dougherty learned
of it he declared that the police had ap
prehended him for the purpose of placing
him in his cell and forcing a confession
from him.
■•Just let me pet my hands on him," he
screamed as he butted his head against
the iron door of his cell as if trying to
force it open. "1 would give up my life
for a chance to strangle him."
Unless Dougherty's condition improves
the prison officials intend to have him ex
amined by the Commissioners of Lunacy.
In the Divorce Court.
Lutie P. Gibson filed suit yesterday
against Fred W. Gibson for divorce, al
leging desertion as cause of action. The
case was assigned to Judge Dalngorfield.
tried, a decree granted the plaintiff and
placed on record within two hours. It
was one of the quickest cases in the his
tory of San Francisco's Superior Court.
Frankie E. N. Hunt has sued Thomas E.
Hunt for divorce on the ground of de
sertion.
A decree of divorce was granted Marlon
G. Alkalay from Leopold J. Alkalay on
the ground of desertion by Judge Daln
gerfield yesterday. The plaintiff, who is
the adopted daughter of Dr. S. M. Mouser,
■was allowed to resume her maiden name.
Mary Xielsen has been granted a divorce
from Olaf Nielsen on the ground of ex
treme cruelty.
In Memory of Mrs. H. J. Stewart.
Verdi's great requiem mass will b
sung as a memorial for the late Mrs. H.
J. Stewart at St. Mary's Cathedral next
Friday morning at 10:15 o'clock. Many
of the leading vocalists of the city, with
whom Mrs. Stewart was associated In her
lifetime, will assist in the choir. Dr. H.
J. Stewart will preside at the organ.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1. 1899.
TWEEDIE WON
BY MARVELOUS
RING TACTICS
Proved Too Much for
"Jimmy" Reilly.
FIVE EXTRA ROUNDS ORDERED
TRACEY OUTCLASSED MULLEB
IN THEIR BOUT.
Cole Defeated Alford in Quick Order.
"Tim" Hurst Won Further
Laurels as a
Referee.
The large gathering of sport-lovers who
■witnessed the three fistic contests at
Woodward's Pavilion last evening had,
in the language of the tout, a run for
their money.
The first event, which was to have been
a ten-round bout between Willie Cole of
this city and Ed Alford, a recent impor
tation from New York, ended in the third
round. Alford started out like a lion,
but finished like the proverbial lamb af
ter receiving a few hot left-hand smashes
on the teeth and a brace of wicked
straight right-hand punches In the stom
ach, which must have been sadly out of
order, for the receiver manifested that
strange feeling of "quit" which some
times troubles the pug.
The Reilly and'Tweedie contest was cer
tainly the redeeming feature of the even
ing 1 . The Australian invader proved be
yond all argument that he was a remark
ably clever fellow, who, because of his
quick style or hitting and stopping, can
not apparently administer a "put-me-to
sleep" blow.
Tweedle certainly "put it all over" his
opponent for five rounds, after which time
Reilly opened his eyea to what was going
on and made a stubborn resistance, land
ing some stiff body punched on his oppo
nent. At the end of the tenth round
Referee Tim Hurst was unable to decide
the game and ordered the contestants to
tight on.
In the fourteenth round, when the fight
ers got within close range and mixed up
the game, Reilly caught Tweedie a hard
left swing on the eye, the force of the
blow drawing a flow of claret from the
wounded optic.
In the fifteenth round Tweedie made a
game resistance, and when the finish was
near at hand Reilly staggered against the
ropes almost exhausted. The referee then
gave a decision in favor of Tweedie,
which was well received.
The Mu,ller and Tracey fight can be dis
mibsed in a few words. Muller is a good
amateur fighter who is slow to take an
advantage. He is also awkward on his
feet, and in front of a clever and shifty
exponent of the game he makes a poor
showing.
Tracey had easy sailing. Although re
ceiving some stiff punches in the body in
the mix-ups, the Australian quickly de
tected that the game was within his
reach.
He tried to finish the contest before the
fifth round, but Muller proved a good
taker of punishment and stood his
ground under heavy fire until the tenth
round, when Tracey, who already had
the red vintage flowing from Muller's
proboscis, landed a left swing on the lo
cal man's jaw, and as Muller reeled and
fell into the referee's arms Tracey was
ordered to his corner and the fight came
to an end. Hurst, seeing that the game
was all one way, properly decided the
bout in Tracey's favor, and by so doing
saved Muller from a complete knockout
and won the applause of all fair-minded
In the opening event Cole had plenty of
steam behind his blows in addition to the
advice of George Green, the welter
weight, who acted as his second. In the
first round Alford used rushing tactics,
but was met with stiff lefts and rights,
which materially stopped him. The boys
went at it hammer and tongs just as the
bell rang.
The second round proved a repetition of
the first. In the third C»le displayed some
clever foot work and landed on Alford at
will. • He knocked the latter down and
was called to his corner by Green, who
feared the youngster would become ex
cited and commit a foul, but the moment
Alford was on his feet Cole rushed In and
put him out with a right on the stomach
and head. Alford was clearly outclassed
by Cole, who has shown marked Improve
ment since his last fight.
The only "Billy" •Jordan escorted "Kid"'
McCoy into the ring and introduced him
properly to a San Francisco audience.
The "Kid" was unnerved by the enthusi
astic reception, and in answer to cries of
'•Speech" managed to say: "I thank you
for this reception. It is not often that
a defeated man gets such a reception. I
was defeated by Shafkey, but I will try
again shortly."
Immediately after the howls of appro
val had subsided the men who furnished
the event of the evening were intro
duced.
"Jimmy" Reilly's following cheered him
until the rafters rang, and the greeting
that "Cocker" Tweedie, the Australian
will o' the wisp, received was also gener-
ous.
At the sound of the gong the fighters
went at it, and for fifteen rounds gave
as fine an exhibition of pluck, speed and
cleverness as ever was seen in this city.
In fact, the fighting was so close that
Referee Tim Hurst called for five extra
rounds before he gave the decision to
Tweedie.
From the sound of the gong in the open
ing round until its clang in the fifteenth
the contestant! fought fast and furious.
Tweedie cut out the pace for his hard
hitting opponent, and for the first eight
rounds bewildered him with his flying
mlts, wonderful ducking and astounding
foot work. Reilly, in his effort to land on
the clever Australian, wore himself out,
but through the excellent handling of
Martin Murphy and Jimmy Lawler he
freshened considerably. From the eighth
to the twelfth he got on to Tweedie's
style and landed with frequency. His
blows, unlike Tweedie's, had plenty of
driviqg power behind them, but "Cocker"
assimilated them all.
In the tenth round the men went at it
furiously, and when the bell sounded
Hurst coolly ordered them to continue.
Reilly's work in the eleventh, twelfth and
thirteenth rounds showed vast improve
ment. In those rounds he took a lease of
life and made things warm for Tweedie.
In the fourteenth the local lad opened
"Cocker's" right eye with a nasty left
swing, arid both men were soon covered
with gore. Each time Hurst called for an
extra round he was hissed and cheered
by the occupants of the pit and gallery.
The last round showed Tweedie's supe
riority After shaking hands he went at
his man and battered down his guard
with his bewildering assortment of blows,
and the last minute of the round found
Reilly fagged out completely. Hurst's de
cision in Tweedie's favor met with uni
versal satisfaction, as it was easily appar
ent that the victor had scored the most
points.
Tweedie's exhibition was an eye-opener
to those who witnessed it. His guarding,
ducking and generalship stamped him as
being the bright particular star in the
ring to-day.
F. P. FLESH IS CHIEF.
Collector Jackson received a letter yes
terday; from Lyman J. Gage, Secretary of
the Treasury, informing him : that Benja
min E. Meredith, chief of the Chinese Bu
reau, had been dismissed from the service
of the United States in accordance j with
the recommendation of the special agents.
The dismissal was to take effect Immedi
ately. ■ ,
Collector Jackson thereupon appointed
Frank P. Flesh, an Inspector' in. the bu
reau, as chief temporarily, to take office
to-day. ' Mr. Flesh been 'in the serv
ice since ISSB, and bears an excellent rep
utation. When informed of his appoint
ment he declared that he would not accept
the position permanently, and he - would
accept the temporary appointment only
on condition that he would be recognized 1
as chief in fact as.well as in name during
' his term of office. . *
-..,...- ■ ♦ ■ _;...,
; Removed— The Sarsfleld Remedy Co. has
removed" from 239 - Powell to 927 Market
Bireet, room 312, Emma Spreckels *
HE WAS DUNNED UNTIL
HE HANGED HIMSELF
Henru Reichers Out of Work Thought It
Best to Go Out of Life.
HENRY REICHERS, a laboring
man, 42 years old, with a wife
and two children, lost his grip be
cause he was poor and out of
work and hanged himself yesterday
morning in the cellar of his residence,
2 Byington street.
SIERRO'S MURDERER
IS UNDER ARREST
PHILIP FERTTITTA CAPTURED
AT BAKERS BEACH.
He Does Not Deny His Guilt, but
Claims Sierro Threatened
to Kill Him.
Philip Ferttitta. the fisherman who fa
tally stabbed Joseph Sierro in front of 911
Sansome street last Friday night, was
arrested yesterday by Detectives Ed Gib
son, Wren and McMahon and Policeman
Fowle, and wa*s taken to the City Prison,
where he was placed in "the tanks."
The officers had been carefully scouring
the city for Ferttitta, and on Monday
night they got a clew that he had been
seen at Bakers Beach. They went there
yesterday morning at 3 o'clock, but
Ferttitta did not make his appearance.
They waited patiently, and about 11
o'clock they saw him coming out of a
barn in a vegetable garden. He hid in the
brush adjoining tne barn, but was soon
placed under arrest.
Ferttitta made a statement to the effect
that the reason he stabbed Sierro was
because he was a dangerous map and he
was afraid of him, as he had stabbed
other people. He was told that Sierro had
been talking about killing himself or
somebody else. On Friday night, before
leaving 911 Sansome street, Mrs. Salvatore
heard Sierro say that he would lay for
Ferttitta, and she told Ferttitta that Si
erro was outside and would likely injure
him. He took the carving knife off the
table and went outside, when Sierro at
once attacked him. Sierro had a cobble
stone or something else in his hand, and
said, "I will kill you." Ferttitta strug
gled to get away from him, and in the
struggle his hat was smashed. Finding
that he could not get away from Sierro,
he stabbed him.
Ferttitta denied that he was mixed up
in the Maria outrage in New Orleans. He
said he never was in New Orleans and at
that time he was only 17 years of age. A
charge of murder will be placed against
A. tinge of romance is attached to the
stabbing affray that ended in the death
of Sierro. It seems that on the night of
the fatal cutting the murdered man and
Ferrittitta were visiting a Mrs. Salvatore.
who lives at 911 Sansome street. Both
men were infatuated with the woman
and both were jealous of the other's atten
tions to her. During their profonged stay
in her rooms they quarreled and were pre
vented from coming to blows by the pres
ence of their charmer. Before Sierro left
the house he vowed to kill his rival, and
when Ferrittitta bid Mrs. Salvatore good
night he picked up the carving knife and
descended the stairs, with a view to going
to his home next door. As he emerged
from the dwelling Sierro attacked him and
in his own defense he cut his assailant.
Sierro was found an hour later by a
saloon-keeper on the southeast corner of
Broadway and Sansome street, and was
sent to the Receiving Hospital, where he
died. While on the operating table he
WILL BE WED AMID
BLOSSOMING ROSES
Jlpproaefrng .Nuptials of Layo Jiew- |
man and .Miss Florence I
THE many friends of Layc
Newman are felicitating hiir
upon his approaching mar
rlage to Miss Florence Na
than. The ceremony will b<
performed on Sunday next at th<
home of Mr. Newman. 618 Suttei
street. In the evening the member;
of the respective families of the con
trading parties will banquet at thi
California Hotel.
Toasts will be proposed for lon*
lives and happy ones of the brld«
Reichers was a hard-working, indus
trious and sober man. He took what
ever in the way of work offered itse f.
and was able to support his family in
the most meager manner. Recently
work became slack. He was indebted
to his grocer for flour, sugar, tea, conee,
and other necessaries. The grocer was
a poor man. too, and wanted money
so he dunned Reichers. Reichers chafed
under . the "- dunning, and told nis
©-♦-<$>-♦- •$> _«_ -♦-<$>-♦-♦ -+-&-+-&-*-&
friends that he was tired of it. He
proved his words by hanging himself
yesterday morning. The family is des
titute.
stated that he cut himself, but later ad
mitted that a friend whose name sounded
like Aquinaldo stabbed him. The police
later discovered that Ferrittitta did the
stabbing, and secured his arrest.
The dead man was to have been mar
ried shortly to his cousin, who resides
at 73 Vandewater street. It is said that
Mrs. Salvatore will testify that Ferrit
titta killed Sierro in self-defense, the
latter having in her presence threatened
to have his life. The participants in the
affray were Sicilians of the Mafia type.
TO HONOR EMMET'S MEMORY.
Governor Gage to Preside at the Cele
bration in Metropolitan Temple.
The anniversary of the birth of Robert
Emmet will be fittingly commemorated
at Metropolitan Temple on the evening
of the 4th of March, under the auspices
of the Knights of the Red Branch. In
addition to the presence of a host of
prominent men. Governor Gage will at
tend and preside at the celebration. The
oration in honoiVof the Irish patriot will
be delivered by Mayor Phelan, while
Emmett's famous speech will be read by
Thomas W. Hickey.
Among the artists who will assist in the
rendition of the programme are Miss Tillie
Salinger, Miss E. V. McCloskey, Miss
Daisy Keane, Mr?. Kitty Black, G. V.
Wood, David Manlloyd and S. J. Sandy.
Miss Tessie Cook harpist. Miss Kitty
Cook accompanist.
The proceeds of the celebration will be
donated to the Wolfe Tone moniiment
fund.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY.
There Will Be an Opera, a Concert
and an Outing for the Waifs.
The executive committee of the Ancient
Order of Hibernians met at 120 Ninth
street last night and considered details
of the programme of the day of Ireland's
patron saint, the 17th of March.
In the afternoon the famous Irish op
era, "The Lakes of Killarney," will be
rendered at the Tivoli Opera-house.
In the evening there will be a big en
tertainment in the Mechanics' Pavilion.
It will open with a grand promenade, af
ter which a drill by the League of the
Cross Cadets and stereopticon views will
bf the leading features.
The proceeds will be devoted to the
Youths' Directory, and in the afternoon
the children of that institution will be
given an outing on the street -cars.
AN OFFICIAL VISIT.
Captain Terry of the lowa Calls on
Major General Shafter.
Captain Terry officially called on Gen
eral Shafter at department headquar
ters yesterday morning. The two officers
chatted pleasantly together for half an
hour. The visit will be returned by Gen
oral Shafter probably to-day. In the af
ternoon the officers of the lowa, by spe
cial invitation, were present at Fort Ma
son to witness an exhibition drill by the
Third Artillery, under Major D. H. Kin
zte. who also made an inspection of the
guns at the fort.
and groom. They will spend their
honeymoon at one of the seaside re
sorts.
The groom to be is a brother of
Charles Newman, the popular ■" and
widely known business man. The
bride-elect, Miss Nathan, -is the
daughter of a well-known capitalist,
and Is noted 'for- her beauty. The
young couple will have their home
here, where the business interests of
Mr. Newman are situated.*-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GENUINE
TAILOR
SUITINGS.
NEW CORD WEAVES.
$2.00 Yard.
35 pieces Imported FRENCH
POPLINS, 46 incbes wide,
mixed effects and newest
colorings.
$2.00 Yard.
25 pieces Imported BED-
FORD CORD SUITINGS.
stylish weaves and new
colorings, all mixed effects
and full 46 inches in width.
$1,75 Yard.
30 pieces 46-inch TWO-TONE
BEDFORD CORDSUITINGS.
combinations of colorings
in the light and darl^
shades of same color, a
novelty for tailor suits.
$2.00 Yard.
2 cases 58-inch f!LL-WOOL
IMPORTED ENGLISH
-J SERGES, in different
shades of navy, manufac-
tured expressly for ladies'
wear, genuine Indigo dye.
SPECIAL!
150 NOVELTY BLACK DRESS PATTERNS. &f? ftfi
new weaves, in a large variety of JpQ*
5ty1e5......: ; each.
111. !13. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
HIGHBINDERS
ARE SPOILING
FOR A FIGHT
Pistols May Pop at
Any Minute.
EXCITEMENT IN CHINATOWN
FIVE DISTINCT WARS ARE
READY TO BREAK OUT.
Chin Ooey Threatens to Shoot His
Cousin — Attempt to Blow Up a
Bagnio With an Infernal
Machine.
That Chinatown is like a seething vol
cano, ready to belch forth at any mo
ment, Is shown by the fact that two new
fights were started yesterday. One of
these was the result of trouble between
two members of the same family, and the
other was caused by jealousy over a
woman. Neither had any connection
with the disturbance created last .Sat
urday night by the Sam Yup tong fight,
nor the fight between the Suey Sings and
Suey Yings, nor that between the Hop
Sings and Suey Dins, which resulted in
bloodshed at Marysvllle. None of the
wars mentioned have been settled as yet,
and with the ill feeling existing between
so many different factions the police
would not be surprised to hear of a shoot-
Ing at any moment.
Yesterday afternoon Chin Goey, a mem
ber of the Hop Sing tong, was arrested
for threats against the life of a relative
of his. Chin Gin. When taken to the Cali
fornia-street station the prisoner an
nounced that as soon as he was released
he would kill the man whose life he had
threatened. The members of his tong se
cured his release on bail, and Chin Gin
kept closely in doors all day except when
he was able to secure Officers Bonner and
Butler to take him on to the street.
The trouble between the two members
of the Chin family is the direct result of
an old partnership. They leased a lodg
ing-house on Stockton street some thir
teen years ago and shortly « afterward
Chin Gin left for Boston, where he re
mained until recently. During his ab
sence his partner conducted the business
and made no settlement. When about
three months ago Chin Goey learned that
his partner was to return he left for
Portland, but returned, from there at the
request of Chin Gin. When asked to give
an account of the business he refused to
do so and would turn no money over to
Chin Gin, who claims there is $7000 due
him. Unable to secure his money Chin
Gin went to the landlord of the house
and had the lease made out in his name,
leaving Chin Goey out altogether.
Finding that he would no longer be
able to gain possession of any of the
money coming from the lodging-house
Chin Goey, according to the claim of his
former partner, resorted to blackmail.
He went to Chin Gin Monday night and
demanded $300. incidentally notifying his
relative that if the money were not forth
coming the latter was apt to lose his life.
Not willing to give up either his life or
his money. Chin Gin secured the arrest
of Chin Goey.
f'arly last evening the matter was sub
tted to the Six Companies, which de
cided in favor of Chin Gin. Later a meet
ing of the Chin family was held in the
rooms at 126 Waverly place, and after
considerable discussion it was decided to
let the matter rest until to-night. In the
mean time the Hop Sings, who have taken
up Chin Goey's fight, have been called off,
and Chin Gin left the rooms after the
meeting with the assurance that he could
live until the next meeting at any rate.
Despite this assurance he walked to hi 3
store with considerable nervousness, and
viewed with distrust every Chinaman who
came near him.
Officers Bonner and King of Lieutenant
Price's squad were notified by Jew Gee
about lC^o'clock last night that there had
be'en an attempt made to blow up his
brothel with dynamite. The police, upon.
investigation, found lying on the stairway
leading to the house a vicious looking in
fernal machine. It was about four inches
long, an inch and a half in diameter, and
to it was attached eight inches of fuse-
After an examination of the find the po
lice came to the conclusion that it con
tained dynamite, find it was placed in a
bucket of water, where it will remain un
til experts can determine its composition.
Shortly after 10 o'clock Luie Hong, one
of the women, saw a man run up the
stairway of the house, and after deposit
ing something on the steps he ran away.
Looking from a window she perceived
that the ob.iect which he had placed on
the steps was on fire, and she imme
diately extinguished the blaze with a
bucket of water.
Jew Gee, the proprietor of the house, Is
a member of the Gee Ock Kong tong.
which has headquarters in Spofford alley.
Tie stated to the police that his society
was at war with no one and he was at a
loss to explain the attempt to destroy his
property. There was trouble in the house
over a year ago, but at that time it was
owned by another man. While the police
were unable to definitely determine tho
cause of the affair, it is generally believed
that jealousy over a woman was at the
bottom of it.
Had Another Wife.
Delia Smith has sued her husband. John
Smith, for an annulment of marriage.
Mrs. Smith avers that when she married
her husband he had another wife living.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAVE YOU
BEEN CURED!
If Not, Why Not? ,
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
DOCTOR SWEANY. THE OLD RELI-
ABLE AND LONG ESTABLISHED
SPECIALIST.
Office 737 Market street.
Where the sick: and afflicted can receive
I treatment in the future, as they have in
the past, from the ablest and most suc-
cessful Specialist of the age.
- Some doctors fail because of treating
the wrong disease; others from not know-
ing the right treatment.
•- NO MISTAKES. NO FAILURES.
In the treatment of any of the following-
diseases. Vitality and Vigor imparted to
all diseased organs and perfect cures
■ guaranteed: ~-
Kidneys. Bri£hfs Diseasa,
Catarrh . Nervous Debility,
Throat, ■- Private Diseases,
! L u n>s, Blood and Skin,
Head, Rupture.
Hear*, Rheumatism.'
Bladder. * Diseases oi Rectum,
Liver. Spleen. • Vsrlcocele,
" Stomach. H.drocele,
And all swellings, tenderness and im-
pediments of the sexual parts; effects of
Indiscretions in youth or excesses In
after life, neglected and Improperly
treated cases; lack of vitality; sexual
weakness dizziness, .weak back, failing
memory, despondency, etc.. promptly and
effectualy cured. ■
WOMEN'S DISEASES A SPECIALTY.
WRITE if you cannot call. Letters con-
fidential' and answered in all languages.
HOME TREATMENT-The most suc-
cessful home treatment- known to the
medical profession. Thousands who were
unable to call at office have been cured at
home by our special treatment. Consul-*
tation free. Call or address . V
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
; 737 Market St. ': .
Office Hours— to 12 m.; 2 to 5 and 7 to 3
■ - p. m.; Sundays from 10 to 2.'> V.
nnT"i lv * i!rrn<iftiiwJ l *f*TaTi f n iM*rfj*il>rr a|, ,r, WiMMCr IIW#— iMi MJTafKii^T^PTPTI