VOLUME LXXXV-NO. 4J.
MOTHER AND CHILDREN
CHARGED WITH MURDER
Mrs. E. G. Dickinson and Mrs. Addie
Wilson Arc Imprisoned in the
Fairfield Jail.
\y-: ; ..SUISUN, Jan. 11.— The most profound
;j ;;..'■•'.'. Sensation was created in this town tO
-...-;':/•. /flay over The Call's exclusive publica-
: tion of the arrest of W. J. Miller for
/VV'the assassination of Daniel H. "Wilson.
; -VO'-the aged rancher who lived on his
:} ?■ " tonely farm on the Sulsun road. The
.; '{ ■• excitement grew to fever heat when it
:;.\ : " .became known that the officers were
'.' -'..-I. nut on the road after the mother and
Fister of the accused man. Early In
\;.'lhe morning little knots of men and
'.'. , ■women gathered to discuss the tragedy
: .-;' and the arrests. A crowd congregated
;;'.,.. : at the courthouse and Jail at Falrfield
'■'■ • and waited for hours for the coming of
■ '■:'-. ■ the women and their captors.
. .••• '.'There have been few incidents in the
'•".; history of crime in California that
•.'. equaled in Intensely dramatic interest
■ th-e scene that was enacted in the Jus
; . tice Court at Fairfield this afternoon,
' ' ' . ■when a mother and her two children
....' listened to the dreadful* charge of mur
: 'tier made against them.
■ • The mother wept and trembled with
• .';!• -dread and fear. The tears welled in j
;'■ her eyes as she protested in broken
•!•:.' '.tones that she was innocent of any j
••'•..' crime. She was overcome, with her
fj .nerves shattered and her brain racked.
• "And she is counted a dangerous woman,
Who will shoot as quickly as a man. I
..•■■-'T.he daughter, hard visaged, scowling, i
sullen, with wickedly gleaming eyes,
\ showed absolutely no emotion. If she
felt any fear she gave no sign. The
■-' Bon, ill-looking, uncouth, bitter in his
rage, loudly proclaimed himself guilt-
Ipss and defied any oue to prove him i
otherwise. Mother and children listened
to the complaint against them and
heard the warrant of arrest. Then they
were led away to the County Jail to
• await trial for one of the most sensa
tional crimes ever committed in Solano
County.
• : The mother and her children are poor.
'■""■• Guilty or innocent, they presented to
day a pitiable spectacle. Mother and
. ■' daughter are ignorant country women ;
' • p-ho In tse ~J : ved -like- hermit*!, without '
. (friends, acquaintances or associates, in
the. dreary solitude of the lonely ranch
on the Suisun road. The son, what
. . ever else may be said of him, is a man
.■■ who earns his bread in deadening
drudgery. He bears now a mark of
his. service to his wife and children In
a crushed finger that was caught be
tween crashing cars. He suffers from
•an affliction of the eyes that gives him
.'.'a sinister expression, and as he stood
■'••■ to-day unkempt, unshaven, garbed in
'.'..'.■ "the rough garments of a switchman,
•• .. one might Judge In prejudice too harsh
• • ly of his character.
' ."■ . The officers have separated the
-.. •.mother and her children in the County
• . Jail at Fairfield. The son paces the
'." "gloomy corridor of the prison like some
'' .' ..caged animal. The daughter, gleaming
malice In every glance of her eyes, sits
.".'. silent In the cell of the insane. The
"•' " mother is far removed from both, and
• ■'; weeps as the hours pass. The authorl
• ■■ ties believe that some delirium of fear
: ■ • will prompt one of the prisoners to con
•'•,"..'■ £ess and tell what the public prosecutor
.expects to prove.
'."..•■ But the accused prisoners have been
. ■■ firm. They declare that the mistress
•••-Vf-Yof.' Daniel Wilson had a deeper motive
•.and a more malignant nurpose to seek
' ';'. his death than they. This mistress they
;• . Insist knew that she had been sup
■:.;• .'planted by another favorite in the af
••'■•• fections of the old man., She saw her
.;• power gone and her Influence lost. She
V." already felt the presence of her sue
. cessor, and in revenge she closed the
■ career of the man who had quietly told
her that he had thrown her off. Miller
says he knows the man who killed the
rancher. "Let them look to the crowd
"Wilson had around v 'm," the switch
man says, and his mother and sister
give eager assent to his words.
But the officers believe that the
; daughter's nerves will break under the
','.'. /strain and she will tell enough to send
\ her brother to the gallows and her
•. \ mother to prison. To-morrow H. W.
..McEwen will be taken into custody. He
unquestionably knows much and may
.. tell what he knows. The officers will
•■• : play upon and strive to hasten the con
:;/■ elusion they expect to reach in court.
>:.: ;.'. ' When Miller, securely handcuffed,
■:.:• was bundled Into the caboose of a
:•■• •freight train this morning at Benicia
'■ . be begged and pleaded that some one
•':•" carry the news of his arrest to his wife.
He railed at the officers and the law.
damned in vigorous profanity the in
. justice .of the suspicion that had fol
lowed him for two years and claimed
in pleading assurance that his life is
as, an open book. Under the dim light
"'.*• . of tne lanterns he was a repulsive,
•\ ghastly figure. When the train had
, •-. made Its Blow way to Sulsun Miller
.was taken off and conducted through
• the- darkness and the rain to the County
Jail at Fairfield. The door of a cell
= • soon Closed behind him and he was left
in _ the blackness and silence of the
: night to his own meditations.
>. When daylight came this morning he
as restless and nervous after a sleep
less night. His eyes were bloodshot and
his hands trembled, but his mood of
■'"'• stubbornness was unchanged. He still
' protested his innocence, although he
'}J frankly admitted the truth of the state
=••- ment that his sister, in a burst of an
■ ger, had accused him of the murder of
-• /-her former husband. To that accusa
tion Miller attached no significance. It
° "" was the venomous stab of a spitfire, he
"said, and was known to be a lie as
. r soon as It was uttered. Through all his
I rambling talk Miller gave expression
. to one predominant thought. He does
not like his Bister, and even In the
The San Francisco Call.
shadow of the gallows he has no kind
ness for her. but he hoped time and
again thr>t his mother had not learned
of the terrible charge against him.
He did not know that the Sheriff and
his deputies were out on the Suisun
road, hastening toward the ranch of
II W. McEwen, to arrest Mrs. E. G.
Dickinson, the prisoner's mother, and
Mrs. Addie Wilson, his sister. No news
of the arrest of Miller had reached the
two women, although the tongue «>f
gossip was wagging on the roads before
daybreak. Sheriff Savage secured two
teams and early in the morning start
<<! on the road with his deputies. The
Sheriff had received no rest after the
exciting incidents of the night, but the
arrest of the women was Imperative.
It was at first decided to arrest H.
W. McEwen also, but the Sheriff con
cocted a new scheme and the old man
will not be taken into custody until this
afternoon. By an unexpected chance
the Sheriff met Mrs. Wilson and h^r
son on the road. The woman was ut
terly unconscious of the fate in store
for her, and as the Sheriff hailed her
she reined in her horse. Sheriff Sav
age told her that the District Attorney
wished to see her at Fairfield. and it
would be wise for her to get into his
buggy and go with him. Mrs. Wilson
MILLER DRAMATICALLY ACCUSED OF MURDER BEFORE A JUSTICE.
Incidents followed closely upon each other In exciting succession yesterday at Sulsun and Fairfield. The exclusive publication In The Call of the sensational arrest of W. J. Miller for the murder of
Daniel H. Wilson created a profound sensation. The excitement was Increased to fever heat when the Sheriff of Solano and his deputies placed Mrs. E. G. Dickinson, the mother of Miller,
and Mrs. Addle Wilson, the sister of the accused man, under arrest upon charges of murder. The women were taken from the McEwen ranch and in a pelting rain were driven down the
Sulßun road to the County Jail at Fairfleld. In the afternoon the three accused persons were formally charged before a Justice of the Peace.
begged permission to chance her cloth-
Ing. There could be no harm In that,
and she turned her horse's head aerain
toward the McEwen ranch
In a few minutes the Sheriff, his dep
uties and Mrs. Wilson arrived at their
destination. Mrs. Dickinson was told
that she also was wanted by the Dte
trict Attorney. Instantly she guessed
the reason. She is shrewder than her
daughter and more crafty.
"You want me on the Wilson case."
she said. "You have tried hard enoueh
to connect me with tnat affair and I
suppose some day you will succeed. I
will go with you." She did not know
that she would not come back, and that
within two hours she would be in orison
with a charge of murder against her.
The two women went with their cap
tors down the dreary mud-covered road,
the rain splashing in their faces as the
horses made their way. A crowd had
gathered at the Courthouse to see the
women arrive. Mrs. Dickinson and
Mrs. Wilson were ushered into the of
fice of the Sheriff and were detained
there until the complaint charging
them with murder was prepared by the
District Attorney. As soon as the com
plaint was finished a warrant of arrest
was issued. The women seemed to
suspect that all was not well. The
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
crowd around them was suspiciously
large. There was an oppressive si
lence among the deputies In the office
and a strange whispering In the crowd
outside. There was altogether too
much deliberation for a simple inter
view with the District Attorney.
Mrs. Dickinson and her daughter sat
for an hour in silence. They twisted
and turned nervously in their chairs
and now and then cast suspicious
glances at the deputies around them.
Finally the Sheriff entered and quietly
approaching Mrs. Dickinson addressed
her. He told her that she was under
arrest on a charge of murder and must
remain in his custody. The old woman's
body trembled as if she had been
struck. Her lips twitched and her eyes
filled with tears. It was the dumb
agony of the animal. Finally the
woman controlled herself. "Well," she
said, tremblingly, "you have me now."
Mm. Dickinson is an aged woman, a
great-grandmother, as she now faces
the terrible charge against her.
When Mrs. Wilson was formally ac
cused of murder she shot a glance of
hate at the Sheriff, but uttered no word.
Her lips closed in silent defiance, and
when she was ordered to accompany a
deputy to the courtroom of Justice of
the Peace A. F. Hitchcock she obeyed
sullenly. Her mother, weeping and in
dire distress, leaned on the arm of an
other officer. The Journey from the
Courthouse to the Justice Court is not
a long one and the little party, fol
lowed by a curious throng, were soon
before the aged Justice. The complaint
and the warrant of arrest were soon
read to the two women. The elder
could only with difficulty suppress the
hysterical emotion that shook her body.
When her son's name was mentioned
and she knew that she and her two
children were accused of murder she
almost collapsed in a paroxysm of
grief. The scene was pitiful in the ex
treme. There was In the expression
of this old woman's face a look of ut
ter hopelessness that touched even
those that believe her to be guilty of
the horrlfving crime of which she Is
accused.
The women were told that they could
have the benefit of counsel If they have
none of their own, and that the State
will summon whoever they desire as
witnesses. At the request of District
Attorney Devlin no date was set for
the preliminary examination, as the
prosecution will require some time to
communicate with its witnesses. The
women were then taken to the quarters
that had been specially prepared for
them In the County Jail. They are so
situated that they cannot communicate
with each other or with Miller. The
officers hope that one of the three will
break down and become a witness for
the State against the others.
After the women had been formally
accused and arrested, the same process
was submitted to Miller, who again
proclaimed his Innocence and his ability
to clear himself of suspicion at the
preliminary examination. He demand
ed the services of an attorney, and was
promised that a lawyer would be sent to
him as soon as possible. He began a
harangue, reiterating what he has
said so often in the short time since
his arrest, but he was Interrupted and
silenced by the Justice.
Miller was then taken back to Jail
and the exciting incidents of the day
were over. The accused mother and
her children will stake their hope of life
and liberty on the ability of the son to
establish an alibi. Miller claims that
he can satisfactorily explain all of his
movements on the day and night of the
tragedy. He Insists that he hired a
buggy at Vallejo two days after the
murder and at no other time. The en
tire case will hinge upon, this incident
and upon it will depend the life of the
accused man and perhaps the lives of
his mother and sister.
"As God is my Judge I am Innocent
of this crime," said Miller to a Call re
porter last evening as he nervously
pa-ced the narrow confines of the dingy
dungeon in the County Jail at Fair
fleld. "The officials of this county are
on the wrong track when they arrest
me or any of my family for complicity i
in the murder of old man Wilson. I j
could hang the man who committed j
that crime, and God knows if I knew I
him I would put the noose around his •
neck in two minutes. The stigma and
suspicion that has rested upon my
family since the murder would then be
removed.
"I have no fear that they will con
vict me. I don't see how they can do
it. I don't see why I was arrested un
less they have found some startling in
formation. It is all a lie anyway. I
had nothing to do with that murder and
nobody in this world can say that I
did.
"I was in Vallejo the nlpht of the
murder. I can prove this by the testi
mony of Mrs. Sheehan and her daugh
ters. Now how could I get up to old
man Wilson's ranch in time to murder
him unless I had a horse and buggy, or
a bicycle? I only hired one horse and
buggy in Vallejo, and that was on the
Sunday morning after the murder. I
really didn't hire the buggy, for that
matter. Maggie Sheehan hired it for
me.
"I didn't know a thing about the mur
der until the Sunday morning after,
when Mrs. Sheehan told me that she
read the account of It in the morning
papers. I was surprised to hear of it
and immediately told her that I was
going to get a buggy and go up there
at once. Maggie Sheehan then t,old me
that eho was acquainted with, the pro%
Dramatic Developments in the Story
of the Tragedy of the
Suisun Road.
Pitiable Spectacle of Tfyose Accused of flssassin
atiog the Aged Rar>cher— fin Old Womao's
Hopeless Grief— H- W. McEwen
Must Answer.
prletor of a livery stable and probably
could get a buggy much cheaper than
I could. So I allowed her to hire the
rig for me. I returned the buggy about
10 o'clock that night. That is the only
time I ever hired a buggy in Vallejo.
I defy anybody to say that I ever hired
another buggy.
"I never owned a gun, either; and I
don't think I ever borrowed McEwen's
gun. Yes, I believe I did use It to shoot
birds in the orchard five or six times
after old man Wilson was murdered,
but I don't think I ever used the gun
prior to the murder.
"When this case first came up my
family was suspected, but no one was
ever able to prove anything, because
there was nothing to prove. None of us
had any hand in this job. What would
be our motive to commit such a crime?
Did old man Wilson have so much
money that I would take his life just
because It was reported that he was
going to deed over his property to one
of those women with whom he lived?
No, sir. I would not stain my hands
with human blood for the whole county.
And neither would any of my family.
I wish I could be allowed to ferret out
this deep mystery myself. I bet I could
find the murderer. I would take pleas
ure in stretching his neck, too. Not
that I cared so much for old Wilson.
He probably deserved his fate. No
man, '.:<. wever, has a right to shed hu
man blood.
"The officers must think they have
found some important information to
arrest me for murder at this late day.
Well, I don't care, I didn't do the job,
and they can't hang me for It.
"My wife went cut the night of the
murder. She was in town making
some purchases and came home about
9 o'clock. I was in the house with the
children when she came In, so how
could I be up at old man Wilson's
ranch one hour before the time the
murder was committed? They can't
convict me of this murder, unless some
body goes on the stand and swears my
life away."
When questioned in reference to the
conversation which George Huehes
heard between Miller and his sister.
Miller lapßed into a deep study and re
flected carefully before he attempted to
answer It. Finally, with great reluct
ance, he admitted that he and Mrs.
Wilson did have a quarrel one day and
both tried to place the responsibility of
the Wilson murder on each other's
shoulders.
"Yes. I'll admit that I did have a row
with my sister," Miller continued, "and
in the heat of my passion I told her
that it was such women as she who
were responsible for the Wilson mur
der. Hughes was there at the time, and
I may as well admit that the words
were passed. My sister resented the
accusation and replied: 'Tea. and if the
truth were known you are the man who
did the Job.' It was intense anger that
made both of us speak so rashly.
Neither of ub meant what we were say-
Ing. The row occurred over her little
boy. She accused me of getting the
boy drunk. I was perfectly sober at
the time and she was accusing me of
something that was not true. Both of
us lost our tempers. That is the only
way I can account for our speaking so
rashly."
When asked If he had ever admitted
to Fred Bendell that he had murdered
I Wilson to get the property Miller ve
i hemently denied that he had. He went
; so far as to assert that he did not know
any person by that name. He said:
"Why, that is a nice statement for
anybody to make. I couldn't say that
if I wanted to do so. I repeat what I
I stated before. I am Innocent of this
1 charge. I do not know Fred Bendell
and I therefore could not have- told
; him that I murdered Wilson because
we had to get the property."
The thought of his family's predica
-1 ment brought tears to the accused
< man's eyes. Dusk had already wrapped
i its mantle over the prison and as Mil-
I ler peered out into the dimly lighted
i corridor his visage, stained with coal
dust and flecked with tears, presented
! a most pitiable spectacle.
Between his apparently sincere sobs
he said: "I hope they won't drag my
mother into this hell on earth. Say,
jailer, please don't bring her to this
dirty hole. It's bad enough for me to
be here."
Miller'a pl«j,-x for meroy for his mother
was made too late, for Just around the
corridor, in a cell alone, Mrs. Dickinson
sat sullenly mourning her fate.
As Jailer Tom Linihan ushered The
Call reporter into the dismal chamber
Mrs. Dickinson made a supreme effort
to pull herself out of the melancholy,
reflective mood into which she had
drifted. She protested her innocence
and that of her son and daughter.
"I have very little to say about this
matter," said Mrs. Dickinson. "The
officers are on the wrong track to dis
over the murderer of Dan Wilson. My
son had no hand in the murder. Neither
did I or my daughter or Mr. McEwen.
The night of the murder none of us
left the house. About 8 o'clock, the
time the murder is supposed to have
been committed, I was undressed and
in bed. Mr. McEwen was still down
stairs. If I remember correctly he was
winding the clock. Mrs. Wilson was
sleeping with her daughter in the
cabin. The first we heard of the mur
der was when two men came to the
house and awakened us out of a sound
sleep. We heard the dogs barking
furiously and when the men arrived at
the house we got up. They told us
that Dan "Wilson had been murdered,
and we at once suspected one of the
women with whom he lived. That's
all I know about the case, and that's
all I will know if they keep me in this
dirty place the rest of my life. That is
the gospel truth, and I couldn't tell
any more if I wished. They will have
to look outside of my family for the
murderer of Dan Wilson."
Miller's Movements Are
Now Traced in Vallejo
VALLEJO, Jan. 11.— The arrest of W.
J. Miller at Port Costa for the brutal
murder of old Dan Wilson two years
ago, the exclusive account of which
was published in The Call this morn
ing, created a sensation in this city,
partly because Miller was a resident of
Vallejo at the time the crime was com
mitted and partly because a number
of the principal witnesses in the case
against him still live here. The story
of the murder was almost the Bole topic
of discussion on the street? all day, and
various opinions were advanced as to
the probable guilt of the accused.
The consensus of opinion seems to- be
that the evidence againat Miller Is so
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
strong that a solution of the mysterious
tragedy that has balked the best efforts
of the authorities for the last two years
to unravel is at last in a fair way of
being realized. There is at least one
family in Vallejo, however, to whom
the news of Miller's arrest came as an
unpleasant surprise.
The Sheehans, on whom Miller de
pends to prove that he was at home on
the night and at the hour when the as
sassin's bullet ended the existence of
the aged rancher, were greatly wrought
up at the possibility of being called up
on to go on the witness stand. Their
trepidation could hardly have been
greater if they had themselves been
charged with the crime. Every caller
at the house was closely scrutinized
through closed blinds or a crack in the
door. A reporter for The Call who vis
ited the Sheehan residence to-night was
challenged before he could open the
gate.
The entire family was gathered in the
front hall peering through the door,
■which was opened about three inches.
"What do you want? We have nothing
to say," was the greeting in excited
tones, and slain went the door before
the reporter could state his mission.
The evident apprehension of the Shee
! hans would seem to Indicate that they
J are in a quandary and do not know
which way to turn to get out of a tight
place. Whether they will stick to their
; original story when put to the test and
thereby help to strengthen the alibi
which Miller claims he will prove re
i mains to be seen.
William Craig, who was employed in
the Callender stable with Samuel Riley
at the time of the murder, remembers
distinctly the circumstance, but as he
was not acquainted with Miller, and as
the man who hired the rig was muffled
in a heavy ulster, he could not identify
him.
"I asked Rlley who he was when he
brought the rig back," said Craig to
night, "and he said: 'He is a plug that
works at Aden's mill.' " Miller at that
time was employed at the Aden milL
FINAL AGREEMENT ON
THE HAWAIIAN BILL
But Democrats Reserve the Right to
Make a Minority Report Op
posing Several Features.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— The House
Committee on Territories reached a final
agreement this afternoon to make a fa
vorable report on the Hawaiian bill. The
agreement to report was unanimous, al
though the Democrats of the committee
reserved the right to make a minority re
port opposing several features of the bill.
The drafting of the majority report was
left to Chairman Knox, wno will take
several days before presenting the bill
and report.
As agreed to the bill is in all essential
features the bill submitted by the Ha
waiian Commission, although changed to
conform to changes already made by the
Senate committee, and also as a result of
the discussions before the committee, cov
ering more than a month. Most of the
Senate amendments are agreed to, the
purpose being to have the legislation in
both houses conform as far as possible.
In addition to these, section 25 of the
committee bill is struck out. It provided
punißhment of persons guilty of disre
spect or offense against the legislative
bodies of Hawaii.
Another change, not made by the Sen
ate, is the striking out of section 75 for
an investigation or the land laws of Ha
waii. The qualifications of electors, Rep
resentatives and Senators, which have
been subject to much discussion, are ar
ranged so that no limitations are placed
on admission to the House, while the
qualifications of Senators and electors of,
Senators are $1000 of property or $600 In
come.
The minority report will be directed
mainly against the principle of a property
qualification and against life tenures for
the judiciary.
ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
AMERICAN SUGAR COMPANY
President Havemeyer Reports Radi
cal Changss Have Been Made, but
Does Not State Their Nature.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— The annual meet
in? of the American Sugar Refining Com
pany was held in Jersey City at noon to
ii;iy. President Havemeyer said that it'
had been found necessary to make radi
cal changes in the policy of the compa
ny's business, and that these changes
were made with the unanimous consent
of the full board of directors. No report
was submitted for the year, and no indi-*"
cation of the condition of the business was :
disclosed in the president's remarks. Low
ell M. Palmer was elected a director in
place of John E. Searles, who had de
clined a re-election; John Mayor was
elected to succeed William Dick, resigned,
and John E. Parsons was elected to sue-
ceed himself. Frederick Heicke of Jer
sey City was elected secretary pro tern.
It was resolved that the accumulated
profits, less dividends declared up to Jan
uary 3, be reserved as a working capital.
Zola Must Pay Damages.
PARIS, Jan. 11.— Emil Zola, the author,
has been sentenced to pay a fine of 100
francs and BW francs damages for ac
cusing M. Judet, a writer of the Petit
Journal, of using forged documents In
attacking M. Zola's rather. M. Judet
claimed 10,000 francs damages.2
OWL TRAIN WRECKED
BY A BAND OF SHEEP
Engineer William M. Wood Killed
in a Railway Disaster Near
OAKLAND, Jan. v. — A report was received from In
gomar to-night that the "Owl," as the San Francisco and' Los
Angeles limited is called, had been ditched eight miles this
side of the Los Banos depot, and that Engineer William M.
Wood, aged 35. of West Oakland* was killed. Xews of the
wreck was taken to Los Banos by a messenger, who
had to go through the storm for eight miles to send word to
the mole at West Oakland.
The "Owl" left the pier at 5:24 and was running at the
rate of fifty miles an hour when it struck the curve at Ingo
mar. This was at about 8:30 o'clock to-night. While round
ing this curve the train ran into a band of sheep, and the
locomotive, the smoker and one car were thrown to one side.
There is a sidetrack at this point, and the locomotive tum
bled on its side into a boarding car. The locomotive and
smoker were badly wrecked and the boarding car was
smashed.
Engineer Wood was so badly injured that he died in a
few minutes. lie lived at "West Oakland and was a married
man with a family.
\ wrecking engine was at once sent to the wreck from
Tracy, but it was unable to accomplish anything. At mid
night a fully equipped wrecking train left the. mole and took
rwo Pullmans to the scene. The passengers will be trans
ferred to the Pullmans and attached to the train which left
the pier at f> o'clock, and which is tied up near Ingomar
waiting for the track to be cleared.
A BILL AGAINST THE
"ILLEGAL" TAX SCHEME
CALL HEADQI'ARTERS, SACRA
MENTQ, Jan. 11. -In the las', six months
nearly every county in the State by its
Board of Supervisors has signed a con
tract with the San Francisco law firm of
Kodgers. Paterson & Slack guaranteeing
\rm a commission averaging 40 per
"cont of all moneys it can collect from the
State .for taxes alleged to have been ille
gally. collected by the commonwealth from
its counties.
The scheme worked alonp flourishingly
f r three or four months after its incep-
Then it was shown up iti all its de
tails in the columns of The. Call. It was
n to the different counties that they
would be simply robbing [heir own tax*
payers by permitting the attorneys to
bring their propi srd actions; that their
motive was a purely selfish one, and that
ihe people who pay the taxes would be
out just the 40 per cent that the attorneys
were to be allowed as fee or commission.
.The- Call 'a thori ugh expose of the whole
startling schemi yes of the
people at large, anil since that time most
at the counties have repudiated their con
tract. The San Francisco board entered
Into the sch»me after The Call's ex
Mayor Phelan was so impressed with the
B,ubl!me nerve of the proposition that he
made a personal appeal to the board to
withdraw from its contract. Here in Sac
ramento the same contract was signed,
and since that time every influence has
brought to bear to force its annnul
ment. The general feeling against the
j-cheme has attained such force that to
day legislative action was begun against
It In a concurrent resolution introduced
Into the Assembly by Assemblyman Owen
Wade, of Napa, which calls upon all
County Boards of Supervisors to with
draw their suits and warns them that
only the taxpayers will suffer and the at
torneys pr< lit by the scheme. The resolu
tion was «:\»:i ;is reading and referred to
its committee and will be rushed through
with bs little delay as possible.
POWDER EXPLOSION
WRECKS A CITY
Fifteen Hundred Chinese Killed by
the Blowing Up of a
Factory.
VICTORIA, B. < .. Jan. 11. -News of a
terrible catastrophe which occurred at
llar.p Chow on Uecember Is is brought
by the K. M. a. Empress of Japan, on
the morning of that date the powder fac
tory of the Chinese government situated
In the center of lower city (Hang Chow
Is divided into three parts— the lower, up
per and middle cities) took lire and some
ten minutes after the flames were first
noticed there was an explosion which
could be heard f.>r miles. Frightful loss
of life and property resulted. No less
than 1500 Chinese and two Europeans who
had charge of the factory were instantly
killed ana hundreds were wounded, many
horribly mutilated, and hundreds of
houses were destroyed by the explosion of
hundreds of barrels of newly-made gun
powder.
The whole of the lower city Is in ruins,
ptreet aft. r street being nothing bat a
mass of fallen timbers. The upper and
middle cities were comparatively un
harmed.
The factory is said to have been fired
by the members of a Chinese secret soci
ety, who an- plotting against the govern
ment. A number or arrests are said to
have been made by the Mandarins, and
many executions "will follow.
WILL BAR AMERICANS
FROM OTHER DISTRICTS
British Columbia Determined to En
force an Exclusion
Act.
VICTORIA. B, C. Jan. 11.-The new
Government apparently intends to carry
. nm its announced policy of excluding
aliens from the Atlin and other British
• '■ilumbia min.s. The act to amend tho
present mining ;ict so that it will bar
ens passed Its Ural reading In the
Assembly this afternoon. The sentiment
there Is strongly in. favor of the passage
of the bill. In fact, the Govern nv:
made the -exclusion of aliens— Americans
being aimed at chiefly— one of the strong
est planks in its platform.
■ That the bill will pass is certain. J.
. Fred Hume, Mil later Of Miners, said to
night to Tho rail correspondent that the
urgency of the Mil w;i.-- s<> great that ii'
there were any danger of ii not ;
nn order In council would be passed to
enforced tin- exclusion. The bill will not,
howevr. aff-ct Americans who already
hold claims.
RUMORED DANGER OF
FOREIGNERS IN CHINA
Beport That Troops Are Gathering
for a General Rising
Against Aliens.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 11.— If the news
received from Peking by tlie R. M. S.
Empress of Japan counts for anything
foreigners residing in China outside of the
settled cities and settlements are men
aced by a great danger. The Peking corre
spondent of the North China Daily News
says considerable additions In men and
material to the troops, not only of Peking
and vicinity, but also of Mongolia and
Manchuria, are being energetically and
quietly pushed on, and the explanation
given for the war-like measure is that
they are "to fight foreigners with." In
consequence of this the rowdy masses of
the north axe anxiously awaiting the nig
Los Banos.
nal certain officials have promised to give
for a general uprising against foreigners
and their Chinese friends.
NAGLE'S SLAYER CAUGHT.
Perpetrator of an Atrocious Crime
Arrested at Fresno.
FRESNO, Jan. 11.— Deputy Sheriff
John White to-day arrested Frank
Brend on a charge of murder, commit
ted at Paulsell Station, in Stanislaus
county. The crime was committed last
Saturday. The man whom Brend is
charged with having killed was Frank
Nagle. They were both section hands
on the Sierra road and had a quarrel
on Saturday morning. After having it
out it was supposed that the whole
thing was over. That night, however,
Brend entered the room where the men
were asleep and fatally shot Nagle in
his couch. He then escaped and the
officers have been looking for him ever
since. When taken into custody he ad
mitted his guilt.
WANTS ANOTHER CHANCE.
Intimates That Several Foul Blows
Won for Sharkey.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— The Evening
World says: Kid McCoy,. In a signed
statement to-day, intimated that his de
feat by Sharkey was the result of several
foul blows the sailor landed on him. He
thinks he can beat Sharkey and wants
to arrange another match. If the sailor
will not right him again, McCoy Bays, he
will make a match with Corbett.
Tom O'Rourke, manager of the Lenox
Athletic Club, to-day said that the re
ceipts of last night's fight amounted to a
trifle less than $40,000. Sharkey's share
of the purse is $15,000; the loser's share is
15000.
Death at Vacaville.
VACAVILLE, Jan. 11.— Mrs. A. M.
Stevenson, wife of the late A. M. Steven
son, died to-day after long illness. Mrs.
Stevenson's age was 61. She was a native
( 1 Arkansas and came to California In
the spring of 1851, settling In Yolo county,
wiure her husband was engaged In the
cattle business. They afterward settled
in Vacaville, where Air. Stevenson BUC
d In organizing a company and build
ing the original Vaca Valley and Clear
Lake Railroad, which was afterward ab
sorbed by the Southern Pacific Company.
Mrs. Stevenson leaves a family of grown
children, five daughters and one son.
Hope That Dingley May Recover.
WASHINGTON, Jan. IL— Greater en
ci uragement for the recovery of Repre
sentative Dingley is felt by his physi
cians to-night than for some days. This
is bused on the wonderful manner in
which he has kept up in his desperate ill
ness and the remarkable vitality shown.
The patient has been fairly comfortable
to-day, has taken nourishment freely and
is resting well to-night.
Bark B. P. Cheney Leaking.
POUT TOWNSEND, Jan. 11.— The tug j
Rabboni arrived here from Cape Flattery ;
this" evening, and reports having towed :
the bark B. P. Cheney to Port Angeles in
a leaking condition. The Cheney Is coal
laden from Seattle for San Francisco, and
passed out of the straits last Sunday. On
Monday she encountered a severe gale,
and when about 100 miles off Cape Flat
tery sprang a leak.
Given Hard Labor for Life.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 11.— Late ad
viceß from China state that the trial of
an American named Richard Toulmin at
the United States Consulate Court of
Canton for the murder of Cheng Lei
Ban, a compradore of Dosing, was con
cluded on December 13. Toulmin was
:-•. ntenced to hard labor for life.
Japanese Statesman Bribed.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 11.— Japanese
advices state that a great scandal has
been raised in Japanese political circles
by the frank confession of Moyama
Kiunosuke, 11. P.. that he received a
bribe <>f 2(>GO yen from the Government to
vote for the land taxation bill which,
however, he opposed.
DEATH OF W. B. LAMBERT.
His Widow Determined to Make a
Stubborn Fight for His Fortune.
With the death of W. C. Lambert, the
wealthy Guatemalan merchant who
passed away at the Wakleck Hospital on
Nt W Year's day, have come many claims
upon his wealth from alleged brothers
onil others, who maintain they were re
lated to the merchant. As he died Intes
tate they claim they are entitled to a por
tion of his property. Letters of adminis
tration upon the decedent's estate have
been applied for by William F. Lambert,
who claims he 1b a brother to the dead
merchant. In his application the peti
tioner alleges that his brother left, be-
Eldes his widow, who is now in Guatema
la, two brothers— himself and Thomas J.
Lambert— and a sister, Mrs. Jennie Bull
of Chicago.
Upon learning of this action taken by
her husband's brother the wife of the de
ceased left Guatemala immediately and
Is now on her way to this city. It fs said
that the widow Intends to fight his pfctl
tion. It is understood that a will was
made the day Lambert left Guatemala for
this city and that his widow Intends to
present it before the courts in order to
nullify whatever claim Lambert's rela
tive might otherwise have had on his
fortune.
. ♦ .
English Millionaire Lipton tells
how he expects to beat the "Yan
kees," in Next Sundays Call.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
DREYFUS INQUIRY
ALMOST FINISHED
It Is Said the Court of Cassa=
tion Will Grant Revision
of the Famous Trial.
PARIS, Jan. 11. — M. Quesnay de Beaurepaire, the former presi
dent of the civil section of the Court of Cassation, followß up his at
tack on the criminal section of the Court of Cassation to-day in an
article published by the Echo de Paris, in which he insinuates that
Judge Loew, president of the court, went out of his way to appoint
M. Bardo reporter of the Dreyfus affair because he was sure of his
partiality, and that he also appointed "Dreyfusite" magistrates for
other branches of the inquiry. Moreover, AI. Beaurepaire says the
rehabilitation of Colonel Picquart by Judge Loew is tantamount to
an uncalled-for declaration of the innocence of Dreyfus.
Furthermore, M. de Beaurepaire claims that Judge Loew displayed
hostility and aversion to the generals when the latter were testify
ing, and expressed approval of the attacks on the general staff in
the testimony of an ex-officer who was cashiered for intemperance.
The charge is also made that Judge Loew- in examining the chiefs of
the army and the officials of the War Office put the questions with
the object of confusion, and that otherwise he frequently showed
bias.
The Liberte to-day quotes "a personage closely connected with
the Court of Cassations" ns saying that the inquiry into the Drey
fus case is about finished; that a decision may be expected early in
February, and that it will be almost unanimously favorable to a re
vision of the trial.
GREAT BRITAIN
A! THE CANAL
Seeks Concessions From
This Country.
FOR PERPETUAL NEUTRALITY
THE WATERWAY NEEDED IN
EVENT OF WAR.
By Reason of Negotiations to Abro
gate the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty
Pauncefote Is Kept at
Washington.
Special DiFpatoh to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— A Washington
epeclal to the Herald says: Sir Julian
Pauncefote, the British Embassador,
will remain accredited to the United
States for another year beginning in
April. This unusual action on the part
of the British Government arises from
its deep interest in the negotiations for
the abrogation of the Clayton-Hulwer
treaty and a new treaty guaranteeing
neutrality as to the proposed Nicarag
uan canal, with which Sir Julian is so
familiar.
Sir Julian would naturally have been
retired last spring, but the British Gov
ernment, as a mark of friendship and
because of the critical condition of re
lations between the United States and
Bpain, determined to retain him here
for another year. Negotiations with
CONTRACT DECLARED
ILLEGAL AND VOID
Sacramento County Will Not Sue
the State for the Collection
of Back Commissions.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.— The Board of Supervisors this afternoon,
at a special meeting held for the purpose of considering the request Qf
the Chamber of Commerce and others for the rescinding of the contract
with attorneys for the collection of back commissions from the State,
received an opinion from District Attorney Baker holding that the con
tract was illegal. The following resolution introduced by Supervisor
McLaughlin was then adopted:
Whereas, This Board of Supervisors did on the 10th day of September,
1898. pass a resolution employing two firms of attorneys, to wit: Rogers,
Paterson & Slack of San Francisco and Devlin & Devlin of Sacramento City,
to assist the District Attorney of Sacramento County to collect certain com
missions and charges supposed to be owing and unpaid by the State of Cali
fornia to the -county of Sacramento; and,
Whereas, It now appears to us that said resolution so adopted by said
Board as aforesaid, and Bald contract, if any, entered Into by this board with
said firm of attorneys was, and the same is Illegal and void, for the reason
that the public interest of the citizens and taxpayers of Sacramento County
will be prejudiced by permitting said resolution and contract to stand; now,
therefore, be it
Resolved, That .said resolution be and the same is hereby rescinded.
reference to the Nicaraguan canal are
now in such shape that it would be
difficult for a successor to Sir Julian j
to handle them properly. In view of
this fact, Lord Salisbury has directed ]
that he be retained in Washington, and ;
the embassy to-day received official ;
word to this effect.
I learned to-day that Great Britain
does not propose to relinquish without
compensation the rights conferred upon j
her in the proposed canal by the j
Clayton-Bulwer treaty. The conces- '
sions she wants have been outlined to I
Secretary Hay along with her an- I
nouncement of her willingness to com- i
ply with the wishes of this Govern- j
ment for the abrogation of the Clayton-
Bulwer convention. But she desires It
to be understood that the canal must
be neutral in war as well aB in peace,
for she appreciates the importance of
such a waterway in case of hostilities
in the far East.
The administration is quite willing
that the canal shall be strictly neutral
and there will be no difficulty, it 1b ex
pected, in reaching a satisfactory con
clusion on this point. Great Britnln
will probably want concessions relative I
to canal charges and other minor
points, but it is believed that neutrality
of the waterway is with her the most
important question.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— Pensions have
been granted as follow*:
California: Original— Wlnfleld S. Wal
lacer Artesia, $10; August Schubert, Los
Gatos, $6; Charles H. Smith, Oakland, $8.
Original widows, Thomas J. Patton,
father, San Diego, $12; Emma M. Lutz,
Ophir, $8; Mary F. Davenport, Oakland,
$8.
Oregon: * Original— Jesse S. Newbill,
Ballston, $8. Increase— M. Leeper,
Oakland, $8 to $10. . , - . •
Washington: Original — Truman H.
Houghton, Kalama, $6; Thomas -Haver
croft, Everett, $6; Alonzo M. Wolover,
New Whatcom, $6. Increase— H.
Harte, Conconully, $6 to $3. Original
widows, etc— Mary A, Walta, Tacoma, $8.
EATON THE ANGEL
CITY'S PARKHURST
Los Angeles' Mayor to Begin a
Crusade Against Saloons
That Admit Women.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— The new Mayor of Los Angeles, Fred
Eaton, has some well denned ideas as to what a saloon should be, and
it is his intention to so use his influence that these places shall be
conducted according to his ideas. He has set hie foot down on the
resorts that cater to the trade of women, and is now preparing for
a crusade.
"I am not opposed to the legitimate Baloon," said the Mayor to
night, "but I want to improve the tone of the saloons. I consider
the back door of the saloon is the greatest evil that confronts the
city. Before trying to remedy any other abuse I Bhall this mat
ter my careful attention. I refer to the back-door saloons where
women are accommodated. lam told that the number of women in
this city who get drunk every night is appalling, and the evil is
spreading."
The Mayor says that he is giving the saloon question close at
tention, and has called for all the ordinances and statutes bearing
upon the subject in order to prepare a legal recommendation which
he will present to the City Council. The saloon element is much
disturbed over the determined stand taken by Mayor Eaton.
During the municipal campaign the liquor dealers generally sup
ported Eaton, while many of the retail dealers donated liberally to
the fund used by the Republican campaign committee.
Eaton regards the slot machines as an evil that should not be
tolerated. He declares that the percentage is all against the player
and he would rather run against the "Poker" Davis gang and take
his chances than to attempt to come out even with the machines.
Eaton is in intense earnest In regard to these evils with which citi
aeris must contenrW. It woujd not be surprising to those who know
the caliber of the executive were the Council to receive a sensational
communication from the Mayor's pen at its session on Monday next.
He has so far committed himself to this policy of reform that he
has earned the title of the "Doctor Parkhurat of Los Angeles."
MASKED MAN ROBS
A SALOON-KEEPER
Enters a Fleasanton Resort and Car
ries Away the Contents cf
the Till.
PLEAS ANTON, Jan. 11.— Manuel de
Vacas, the proprietor of the Cosmopolitan
saloon on Main street, was alone In his sa
loon at 10 o'clock last night when a tall
masked man entered and, covering De
Vacas with a small shotgun, demanded of
him what money was in the till. De
Vacas lost no time in obeying, and handed
the robber a gold piece. The culprit then
backed out of the saloon and disap
peared in the darkness.
Thlß morning Constable Lock arrested
a vagrant on suspicion. He was arraigned
before Justice Quinn, who held him for
trial, with ball fixed at $4000.
HELD RESPONSIBLE
FOR HUGHES' DEATH
VISALIA, Jan. 11.— The Coroner's jury
has held Contractor Craycroft to blame
for the collapse of the Sellgman building
last Friday, whereby Henry Hughes re
ceived injuries that resulted in death.
Architect McCabe was censured for hav
ing failed to closely inspect the construc
tion of the building. It was recommended
to the City Council that an ordinance be
passtd providing for strict supervision of
buildings in course of erection. Craycroft
may be charged with manslaughter.
CHOATE NOMINATED.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the Sen
ate:
State— Joseph H. Choate of New York
to be Embassador Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary to Great Britain.
Treasury— ChaHes H. Brlckenstein of
Colorado to be Surveyor of Customs, Den
ver.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tak« Laxative Bromo Quinine T»bl«u. Alt
dru*rl«ts refund th« money If It falls to curt.
36c Th« gc&ulnt tv I* B. Q. oa **eh ttbUU
DISCREPANCIES IN
McKENZIE'S STORY
Cook Inquest at Napa
Resumed.
THE EXSHERIFF RECALLED
PARTS OF HIS EVIDENCE ARE
CONFLICTING.
The Stable Owner Admits That He
Sent to St. Helena for a Picture
of Cook Previous to the
Tragedy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Jan. 11. — The jury summoned
by Coroner Kyser last Thursday night
to inquire into the killing of Al Cook,
the man shot that day by Jesae Wal
ters in McKenzie's livery stable, met
this afternoon for the fifth time to take
testimony. Ex-Sheriff MoKenzie was
recalled and the discrepancies found
in the statements made by him at dif-
ferent times intensify the deep Interest
taken In the case since the shooting.
MeKenzle to-day admitted that he
met Doorman (Cook) at the train on
Friday night, December 30; also that
he received a picture of Cook from a j
St. Helena photographer on an order i
of Walters, authorized by him, but did !
not recognize Doorman the night he j
came as the man whose picture he had !
received. The witness said that about j
ten days before the killinp Mrs. Caro
line Walters asked him if he could give j
employment in his stable to a cousin ,
of hers named Doorman. He didn't
remember what he told her, but when
Doorman came he handed Mcßenzie a |
card of a stableman in Palo Alto, say- '
ing his cousin hud told him to come and
take the job.
The ex-Sheriff first learned that Door
man and Cook were one and the same on
the day of the shooting. He had no
conversation with Walters prior to the
time of getting the photograph of Cook,
or Doorman. Walters never asked
him who was working at the stable.
Lund, a saloon keeper of San Fran-"
Cisco, testified that Cook a xs at hia
place before he came to Napa, and said
he had been engaged to work in Mc-
Kenzie's stable in Napa,
Cuff, a Napa hotel man, testified to
the coming to his house of Cook with I
McKenzie. McKenzie introduced the
man as Doorman and said he would be
responsible for his meals and lodging.
The jury adjourned at 4:30 o'clock to
meet again next Friday morning at 10
o'clock.
CLAIMS MANY ISLANDS.
England Gives Notice of Her Seiz-
ures in the Pacific.
HONOLULU, Jan. 4.-The British Con
sul at Samoa under date of December 8,
189S, publishes this notice:
Take notice that Bellona, Rennell and Stew
art Islands, the Santa Cruz and Reef groups,
the Island of Tucopla, Trevannion, Ajiuda ana
Fataka Islands and the Duff, (or Wilson)
group have been incorporated In the British
Solomons protectorate and that the Jurisdiction
of the court of the High Commissioner for the
Western Pacific and the provisions of the
Pacific Order in Council 1893 and of the Queen's
regulations made in aceord&nca therewith are
extended over the said islands and places, as
also over Pitrairn Island, and lft all persons
within the limits of the snid Order In Council
govern themselves accordingly.
LILIUOKALANI'S PETITION,
Former Queen of Hawaii Asks Con
gress to Restore Her Lands.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— A petition
from former Queen Liliuokalani of Ha
waii was presented to the House to-day
protesting against the United States' as
sertion of ownership to the crown lands
of Hawaii as a taking of property with
out due process of law. and appealing tc
the President, Congress and the people foi
a restoration of these lands. The sam«
petition was presented to the Senate.
MARIE BARNARD SAILS.
California Prima Donna to Sing at
the Beyruth Festival.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— Marie Barnard,
the American prima donna, was a pas
senger on the St. Paul. She is a daughter
of the late Judge Edward M. Barnard of
♦he California Supreme Court, and for the
past year has been singing at the Court
Theater at Coburg, Germany. Miss Bar
nard Is to take leading parts In the Yv &g
--nerlan festival at Beyruth next August.
Two Fishermen Drowned.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— During the
storm yesterday Orlando Vidovlch and B.
Felands, .Italian fishermen, put out from
San Pedro in the sloop Onato to look after
nets. The sloop was capsized and the two
men were drowned. Vidovlch was well
known and owned several sloops and did
the largest flsh business at San Pedro.
ELECTION JUDEES
AS WARD-HEELERS
Politics at the Polls jn
Sausalito.
CRAMER-CftEED CONTEST ON
WITNESSES ACCUSE ELECTION
OFFICIALS.
Voters Were Misinformed in Order
That the Former Marshal
Might Be Chosen Con
stable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 11.— The suit of
Eugene Cramer of Sausalito to oust ex-
Marshal John E. Creed from the office
of Constable, to which he was recently
elected, on the ground that Creed is
an ex-convict and therefore fnellglble
and that the Board of Judges and Elec
tion Board were guilty of misconduct,
occupied the attention of the Superior
Court to the exclusion of all other
causes to-day. Some of the testimony
adduced was of a sensational nature
and showed pretty plainly that certain
election officials were guilty of "doing
politics" worthy of a "Boss" Buckley.
So far all the witnesses called, seven
teen in number, have given testimony
for the contestant. It was proved by
Adolph Meyers and others that instruc
tions were given to all voters to cast
their ballots for only one person for
Constable, though the election procla
mation and the ballots themselves spe
cified that two should be voted for. The
facts as regards Creed's sojourn at Ban
Quentin Prison will not be presented
until later.
Richard Garrlty, the Democratic can
didate, received 318 votes; Creed, run
ning independently, 232; and Cramer,
the Republican nominee, 151. If Cramer
succeeds in getting the vote of Sausa
lito Precincts 1 and 2 thrown
out the vote will stand for the remain
ing precinct: Garrity 135, Cramer 120
and Creed 117. Realizing that Cramer
had a good case, Attorney J. W. Coch
rane, representing Creed, asked Judge
Angellotti for leave to amend his an
swer, so that he would be able to prov&
that both Tiburon and Belvedere "did
politics" in the same way, but against
Creed's interests. If they also sye
thrown out the vote will stand: G*.r
rity 72, freed 77 and Cramer 53. He>
was given until next Monday to amend
the complaint.
The case threatens to develop into a
wholesale exposure of the political
methods employed in the southern part
of Marin County, and is exciting a good
deal of interest. An incidental fact
brought out, wHich brought forth ad
verse comment from Judge Angellotti,
was that the official returns on elections
have been thrown carelessly aroured the
County Clerk's o.Tlce. Nooody is blamed
for this, however, as no provision has
ever been made by the county for the
care of the official returns. The envel
ope inclosing the returns from Sausa-
Hto Precinct 1 was not even sealed.
SKELETONS FOUND IN A
PLANTATION WELL
Spanish Guerrillas Accused of Being
the Authors of Terrible Cruelty
in Cuba.
HAVANA, Jan. 11.— La Discussion de
scribes the finding of fifty human skele
tons in a well on a plantation near Man
guito. The writer of the story asserts
that these people were undoubtedly
thrown in while alive. He says that in
some cases the finger bones are severed,
and the supposition that this is due to the
efforts of the victims to raise themselves
out of the pit. The body of Senor Pedro
Alayon, a prominent Cuban, who disap
peared mysteriously during the insurrec
tion, has bepn identified.
La Discussion accuses Antonio .Ries, the
guerrilla chief, Sergeant Jean Peres and
vicenta Zalgo, a school-master, of being
the authors of the terrible crime. All are
said to be in Havana.
La Discussion prints also a story from
Matanzas of the finding ther« of the re
mains of from 100 to 200 persons in a well
near the headquarters of the '"'ivil Guard.
GOVERNOR OF THE HOME.
General Lagrange to Have Charge
at Santa Monica.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.-General O. H.
Lagrange will be appointed Governor of
the. Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica, vice
Smith, whose term of office expires
March SO next. Mr. Lagrange is now in
New York city. Senator Perkins says he
has a fine record as a soldier of the Civil
War, and is in every way qualified, for
this position. Perkins has received a
large number of telegrams and letters
urging this appointment. *
i®i®isie ion* ©1 •a^a •■ei#e»i
i •
■ To-Day 0n1y.... ■
j CORNMEAL |
n ■ * f.
■■*.. 17|c Sack, 10 lbs. I
\ SODA CRACKERS 5
"■ ■ ' " ; . '. ■ j IBS
| 39c Box, £ Case. %
i ' CLEVELAND !
gl B
• BAKING OQn •
■ POWDER UVKj lb. ■
I •
■ ■
a All fresh— none better— guaranteed to please— our fine creamery but-/ S
™ ter, 86c. Overstock sale now. Will pay you to call on us. Circular HI
H ready of all prices. Smiths*. 26 Market. 7 floors. Every variety mdse. A
_ Convenience and comfort of customers unexcelled elsewhere. Dining
■i room 6th floor.
idiaßdß®B®i® mm mmmm ®mmmm®&m
ENGLAND BLOCKS
A RUSSIAN COUP
Naval Demonstration in
Chinese Waters.
WARNING TO CZAR'S AGENTS
-TAD DISPATCHED TBOOPS TO
THE CITY OF PEKING.
Ther Were Hastily Becalled When
tie British Asiatic Squadron
Steamed Into the Gulf
of Pechili.
Special Dispatch to T}r- '".ill.
VICTOR:a, B. C, Jan. 11.— The R. M.
S. Empress of Japan, which left Yoko
hama on December 30, brines a sensa
tional story from Tientsin of how a
naval demonstration by the British
Asiatic fle^t i nder Admiral Sevmeur
caused the ;il>i.ndonment of a coup on
the part of Russia. Had th-i Russian
plans been carr'ed out, they vouM,
without douht, have caused war be
tween the two grtat powers stru^tflin.:
for the mastery in the far East. The
Tientsin correspondent of the North
China Daily Xews, files of which wer»!
received by the Empress, has the fol
lowing in this regard:
"A significant bit of information has
just come to me, for the accuracy of
which I am prepared to vouch. At
the time of the demonstration of the
British fleet off Shan Hal Kaun. In the
Gulf of Pechili, thu- Russians were pre
paring to send 5000 troops, mostly Cos
sacks, by forced marches overland
around the Gulf of Liao Tung to the
Chinfse capital.
"When the British squadron steamed
through the straits into the Gulf o£
Pechili from Wei-Hai-Wel in two lim'S.
orders were at once rushed to the 5000
Russians, who had already started for
the Chinese capital, ordering them back
to Port Arthur. The demonstration had
prevented their dispatch. The meaning
of all this is unquestionably this:
"That Russia knew what was prepar
ing in the palace at Peking and was*
sending these troops to the support of
the Empress Dowager. The calling of
the troops back from Shan Shi and
other places in the early part of the
season could not be explained at the
time, but their massing within easy
distance of Peking is now made plain
by the coup d'etat. Possibly had the
Russians reached Peking the native
soldiers would not have been ordered to
the capital, but, in any event, the forces
would have co-operated against any
other foreign force that might have
been sent to Peking in case the status
of those in possession, which meant
Russians, was objected to by any other
power.
"A Peking correspondent interviewed
Sir Claude McDonald, the British Min
ister, at the Chinese capital in this con
nection, and he said that had Russia
dispatch the 5000 troops to Peking that
act would undoubtedly have precipi
tated a clash between Britain and Rus
sia."
"Russia is daily strengthening her po
sition in Chines^ waters," say* thuj-
Pektng and Tientsin Times. "She has
now demanded the inclusion of the
Miao Tao group of islands at the en
trance to the Gulf of Pechili and com
manding the entrance to the gulf in
her Port Arthur sphere of influence.
Great Britain will protest against the
cession of these islands to Russia.
Should Russia push her claim, it is un
derstood, Britain will make a firm
stand, and, according to her Minister
at Peking, fight if necessary."
NEWLY WEDDED PAIR
VICTIMS OF A JOKE
"We Have Just Been Married; Han
dle Us Tenderly," the Legend
on Their Trunks.
CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— Mr. and Mrs. H.
J. Nance, a newly wedded pair from San
Francisco, registered at the Auditorium
Annex this morning and conducted them
selves in such a matter of fact way that
they excited no suspicion In the minds of
Clerks and bellboys that they were not
man and wife of several yeare' standing
till their trunks arrived an hour lat.-r,
labeled in larpe letters, which could be
read a block away: "We hi«ve just been
married; handle us tenderly," and lavish
ly decorated with white ribbons and
mottoes.
Collum's Case Goes Over.
WOODLAND, Jan. 11.— The date of the
retrial of Phil Collum, once convicted of
incendiarism but granted a new trial by
the Supreme Court, was to have been
fixed to-day; but Judpe Hart is still ill.
and by consent the case went over to
January 25.BUT ONE MAN FOUND WHO WOULD PLACE
HIS NAME IN THE OBNOXIOUS COLUMN
ENROLLED ON THE BLACK LIST
OF ACCESSIONS TO DAN BURNS
Assemblyman C. B. Jilson of Siskiyou Succumbs to
His Blandishments.
BRIBED BY A LURID PROMISE OF PATRONAGE
But With All the Increase of One Vote That Flocked in There Is No Joy in
the Camp of the Mexican and There Is a Decided Weakening
Among Bis Adherents.
YOLO COUNTY REPUDIATES BURNS.
YesteTday and the day before Assemblyman O. "W. Pierce of Yolo County took it upon himself
to place D. M. Burns in nomination for United States Senator before the Legislature, and said that it
is the wish of the people of Yolo County that Burns be elected Senator. He declared that Burns had
. never occupied a prison cell in Yolo County, and that the people of that community considered him the
soul of honor and probity. The Call, believing these statements to be untrue and also believing that
they were made for the purpose of intentionally deceiving the membsrs of the Legislature who were
not acquainted with the facts, caused a poll of Winters, one of the principal towns in Yolo County, to
be made. The result is set forth in the following telegram, received last evening:
WINTERS, Jan. 11. — One hundred citizens of this town were interviewed
here today regarding the candidacy of D. M. Burns for United States Sena
tor. The interviews were solicited from prominent citizens, regardless of
their political affiliations. Of the 100, ninety-seven expressed themselves as
being opposed to Burns' candidacy, w hile but three were favorable to it.
The three who are for Burns are Democrats.
A poll was also taken in Davisvllle, Mr. Pierces own home. The result 1b Bet forth in the fol
lowing telegram:
DAVISViLLE, Jan. 11.— A poll of fifty-five prominent Republican citizens
was taken here to-day with reference to their Senatorial preferences. Fol
lowing is the result: Grant 18, Burns 16, Barnes 4, Pardee 4, Bulla 2,
Scott 2, and nine had no particular choice.
It would appear from this that Assemblyman Pierce is either badly mistaken or else he has
small regara for the truth.
■ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-.
Jan. 11.— To-day The Call
I the following on the Sena
,il pttuat:
Burns polled his full strength to
day. The twenty-four votes given
him on the first ballot are all that
he has been able to secure by means
of his political influence, the in
fluence of W. H. Herrin, of the
Southern Pacific Company, the offer
SCENE DURING THE JOINT SENATORIAL SESSION.
of patronage under the control of
Governor Gage, and intimidation of
fered by a crowd of political high
binders whose reputations are as un
savory as that of their master.
Prom this time forward any accession
erf strength must be gained by bri
. bery. To learn the names of the
legislators who accept the money of
Burns and the railroad company in
return for their votes the public has
but to watch for the names of those
who from this time forward enroll
themselves under the Burns banner.
To-day when the roll was called in
Joint session for the election of a
United States Senator ASSEMBLY
MAN C. B. JILSON OF SISKIYOU
cast his vote for Burns.
Who will be the next to enroll himself
under the banner of the man who is
the acknowledged candidate of the
Southern Pacific Company; -who. as
County Clerk of Yolo County, was short
In his accounts: who was arrested on
a charge of embezzlement In Yolo
County; who, as Secretary of State,
was charged with being a defaulter In
the sum of about $31,000; who was ar
rested and confined In the County Jail
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
'of Sacramento County under twelve
indictments brought by the Grand
Jury; who betrayed and deserted the
friend who «=av«d him from the peni
tentiary; who betrayed and defrauded
another friend who assisted him when
he was despised by all men; who was
arrested, tri~d, convicted and sen
tenced to imprisonment for fraud, ami
now aspires to be United States Sen
ator?
The offer of public position in return
tor services rendered is, if accepted,
I as much a bribe as the offer of money
or other consideration. It was the offer
of a portion of the patronage controlled !
by Governor Gage that wan Jilson"s
I vote to-day.
Other votes may be won in the same •
I manner, as Governor Gage has entered
the fight for Burns and is using the j
patronage of his office and all the j
! power of his position to promote the
i candidacy of "W. H. Herrin's malodor
i ous protege. If such purchases are ;
made the names of the purchased ones !
will be made public through these col- j
umns, together with the nature of the !
bribe and the names of the persons ;
who negotiate the criminal transaction.
There is no joy, real or artificial, in
i the Burns camp to-niglit. Hilarity !
! does not prevail among the followers of i
Grant. Burns and Grant are disap
pointed. Each says the struggle of the |
other is hopeless and for the sake of
peace and harmony should be aban
doned after a few more ballots are
taken.
There is a weakening in the Burns
column and indications are thrown out
that the peculiar political obligations
demanding that certain members of the
I gislature should stand by him as
Ion" as he has a ehanoe of winning are
in a fair way to be discharged to-day.
In this connection names cannot be
mentioned nov.\ but The Call is in pos
session of information to the effect that
men of some prominence who have
given a reluctant support to Burns in
this contest are beginning to assert
that it would be advisable on the part
of those who insisted upon their sup
port of Burns to present another candi
date.
Where the touts of Burns assemble
the talk goes that Grant has developed
the limit of his strength. Allusions
were made to the disbursement of $100,
--000 and the production of only 27 votes.
It is said that one of Grant's managers
to-day intimated to Burns that har
mony in the party might be established
by the withdrawal of both Burns aird
Grant. These hints are thrown out to
convey the Impression that Grant is in
more desperate straits than Burns.
The constant boasting by the friends
of the "colonel" that he has planned to
reserve his strength for several Ballots
is another phase of Mexican bluffing.
Burns to-day displayed every vote he
was able to rally. Special efforts put
forward last night to line up two or
thr^-e more members failed.
Vigorous measures may be taken to
bring into the Burns corral Speaker
Howard Wright of Alameda and As
semblyman A. W. '"lark of Santa Clara.
; From the bf-ginning Wright was
counted as a Burns man. The crea
tures surrounding Burns and believing
that the "colonel's" words are inspired
accepted the statement as gospel truth
; that Dan named Wright the Speaker
'of the Assembly. If Burns expeel
| increase his strength by th^ acquisition
of such men as Mr. Wright he will find
I his calculations amiss.
Assurance is given that Clark will not
entertain seriously the suggestion to
cast his vote for the Mexican.
When Burns heard that Assembly
man Marvin, one of the original sup
porters of George Knight, had gone
over to the Grant camp he exerted ev
ery influence immediately available to
pet the Humboldt statesman into his
own ranks. An appeal was made to
Knieht, but it l\ad no effect, as Knight
admitted that he could not control the
vote of the Assemblyman. When Dan
Burns spoke of the probability of get
tin? Senator Gillette's support through
the good offices of George Knight the
latter advised the "colonel" to talk to
Gillette himself. Th>-re was a tinge of
Irony in the siieg°sti"n.
The Burn? claque made quite a lit
tle uproar when Eddie Wolfe eulogized
the "Colonel" to-day, but they were
disap] In the character of the
speech. Senator Wolfe has one vote,
but the gossip goes that he has had
some difficulty if not embarrassment
in controlling it. At one time it was
perilously close to the Grant head
quarters, but the Senator pulled it back
it^riiin and may hold it for Dan fur sev
eral ballots. What inducements were
ed is not known, but they wore
Continued on Kifth Page.
BURNS' GREAT POLITICAL COUP
FELL WITH A SICKENING THUD
One Whole Legislator Went Over in a Body and
Voted for Dan.
THE MEXICAN HELD A BOBTAIL FLUSH
An Overwhelming Reserve Force of One Was Thrown Into the Breach and
Then the CandeSaria Miner Found That His Bluff Had Been
Called and He Was Badly Worsted.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 11.— The great Burns
coup has been sprung.
The exodus of Grant and Bulla votes
to the bullion-trimmed standard of the
Mexican Senatorial candidate, which
has for two weeks past been adver
tised on the street corners and bawled
out in the barrooms by every heeler
and disreputable tout in the Burns
gang, came to pass this morning dur
ing the calling of the roll in the Assem
bly chamber on the first joint ballot.
Without discordant note of warning
Dan M. Burns threw into his dis
reputable fight the overwhelming re
serve strength that he has vaunted
with all the power of his windy lungs,
and the effect was not demoralizing.
The roll-call of the Senate went
through as it did yesterday, with no
startling developments, and the As
sembly call had progressed to the half
of its length and no inkling of ap
proaching disaster came to darken the
smile of opposing candidates, when
suddenly from the side of the hall, or
from somewhere else, came the signal,
and Assemblyman C. B. Jilson of Sis
kiyou got up and nocked over to the
Mexican forces in a body. Dan
Burns" election for a moment seemed
assured, but the discovery was made
that Jilson could cast but one vote,
and the other candidates resumed their
smiles.
The smiles broadened into grins when
Chenoweth of Orange and Dr. Marvin
of Humboldt, who yesterday put
George Knight in nomination, shouted
"Grant" in lusty voice in answer t"
their names. The loss of Jilson was re
paid and more by the two new votes
and the satisfaction of knowing that
the reward of Jilson's defection would
be the brand of traitor printed deep in
his political hide by all decent people.
Dan Burns' second bluff is called,
and as on yesterday he has been
caught playing the game with a bob
tail flush. The Grant people are in
the same boat, for that matter — the
only difference is in the cards they
held. The forty-five votes that were
to astound the State on the first day
that Burns shied his castor have
dwindled to a paltry twenty-four.
The enormous reserve strength
which, loosed at the right time, was
to carry him with a rush and loud
huzzas from the push into the
United States Senate, has been
sprung on the unsuspecting legisla
tors, and it consists of Assemblyman
Jilson of Siskiyou and Del Norte,
whose acquisition by the Burns
forces dated no further back than
last evening. A second time is
Daniel come to judgment, and twice
he has been found sadly wanting.
Nor has that hegira from Bulla'a
standard to the Grant menage trans
pired. The son-of-his-father has not
yet grown to fit his father's belt, and if
he is to rely upon his present strength
he never will.
ALL OUT IN THE OPEN.
The forces of the leaders in this Sen
atorial battle are all arrayed and out
in the open, where they may be
counted, and unless cash be a more po
tent and abundant factor than it has
already proved it is, out in the open
they bid fair to stay. Caucus is the
hourly cry. but caucus is just now an
enhanced impossibility. The schemes
that have been hatched since that howl
went up have become too well known
to the forces of Bulla and Barnes to
permit or" their falling victims to any
such raw proposition, and the Grant
people have practically given up the
idea and have decided to fight it out on
the floor of the H"use.
To help him in his abortive fight to
day Dan Burns had half his mob of
hired claquers to give off cheers and
rattle the window panes with loud ac
claim at every mention of his name.
They lined the corridors and lobbies,
the office of the sergeant at arms was
crowded with them to suffocation and
they even invaded the floor itself de
spite the injunctions of Speaker
Wright. After the clock had struck the
appointed hour and the Senate was an.
nounoed at the bar of the Assembly j
ready for the joint ballot it required the '
sergeant at arms and his force of as- i
sistants to effect passageway for them
through the crowd of tout? and beer
laden plugs that had mixed with the |
decent element at the prate to the floor. !
A GAY SCENE PRESENTED.
Inside the rail the scene was almost
a gay one. At every desk the wives of [
the members, their friends or those of '
the coming Solons from the Senate had !
found seats, and every available bit i
of standing room was occupied by a
busily chattering crowd of onlookers,
who had come in the expectation of a
lovely Senatorial battle.
The official doings on the floor were
i not much more than a repetition of
| those of yesterday, with the exception
■ that there was just twice as much of
it. With a rap from his gavel Speaker
Wright ended a fifteen minutes' recess
of the Assembly at just fifteen minutes
before the noon stroke of the clock, and
the seats set foT the Senate were or
dered cleared of their occupants. Pre
cisely at noon Secretary Brandon and
President pro tern. Thomas Flint led
iin the members of the upper house
I and the roli call was proceded with.
Speaker Wright then announced that
the time was right for the first Joint
ballot for United States Senator and
ordered Clerk Kyle to read the statutes.
THEN THE FTJN BEGAN.
Kyle read and the fun began.
Senator Morehouse of Santa Clara
opened a fight against further nominat
ing speeches, and he was aided and
abetted in his laudable attempt by those
who had their turns at it yesterday.
"Mr. President," quoth Morehouse,
"I do not rise to make a speech, but
simply to ask a question, and that is:
If in this joint caucus we shall do any
thing more than present the names of
our nominees? Are we to stay here all
the afternoon and indulge In throwing
bouquets at one another, or are we to
vote simply?"
'•That, I imagine," replies Flint, "de
pends upon the gentlemen making the
nominations. Nothing, however, is
necessary more than the announce
ment of the name of the candidate."
"I move that it be the sense of this
joint caucus," said Morehouse, "that
we simply present the names of the
various candidates without laudatory
addresses."
SIMPSON WAS FULL OF TALK.
But Senator Simpson of Orange ob
jected. He objected at length and as
follows:
"Mr. President: I have come here
brimful of speech, and I am going to
I vote against that motion, because I am
• Just so effervescent that I have got to
j allow something to escape. I am going
[ to say this right now, that it seems to
me, Mr. President, and gentlemen of
this joint caucus or convention as you
might term it, that the proper time and
place for making a speech and enlight
ening the people perhaps upon the
qualifications of these different candi
dates who are to be presented to this
joint convention for their support — that
right here is the time and place for
that to be done. Now, I am not very
much of a speaker. I know It. At the
same time I came here, as I said a mo
ment ago, loaded brimful, and I will
tell you I do not want to go out of thin
34
PUTTING THEIR FAVORITES IN NOMINATION.
chamber without having an oppor
tunity to let it escape. I am, therefore,
opposed to the amendment."
"I will withdraw my motion so that
my friend from Pasadena may have the
opportunity he desires," replied More
house. "I have no doubt there are a
great many of us loaded — some of us
in more than one way perhaps — at
least, loaded in speech. By consent of
my second I will withdraw my motion."
"Nominations are in order for United
States Senator." announced Presi
: dent pro tern. Flint. But Senator Strat
ton wasn't satisfied. He wanted no
. . speeches, and got up to say:
TRYING TO CUT OFF ORATORY.
"I now make a motion that no nomi
nating speeches be allowed, but that
the names be presented by the Senators
or Assemblymen."
He found a second, but Senator Davis
of Amador had a speech up his sleeve
and objected. Sad he:
"Mr. President and gentlemen of this
Joint convention. I hope in all serious
ness that that motion will not prevail.
We either are or we are not a deliber
ative assembly. If there are any ar
guments to be presents l seriously to
this body, or to us as individuals, they
should be presented on the floor of this
House and nowhere else; and if you
are to cast your vote to-day on the im
portant question of who shall repre
sent the great State of California in
the Senate of the United States it ill
becomes the dignity of this Joint con
vention to say that you are not ready
to listen to the arguments that are to
be presented in behalf of the different
candidates. We all knew yesterday, or
mose of us who are members of the
separate bodies, that it would not re
sult in a choice, no matter what argu
ments were made on the floors of the
different houses; and I submit that if
we are to argue seriously in behalf of
the different candidates this is the place
to do so. We are not here as the As-
Bembly and as the Senate, but we are
here as the individual members of those
two bodies, met under the revised stat
utes of the United States In joint con
vention to deliberate upon one of the
greatest questions that will be pre
sented to us while we shall be at the
Bession nf either house, and I submit
in all candor and in all justice to the
different men who have not been here
to make fights on the outside of this
house, that those of us who feel con
strained to present their names for
your consideration should have every
opportunity to do it and have a full
measure of time within which to prop
erly present those names."
NO LIMIT WANTED.
Senator Davis was roundly applauded
and Meade Of Los Angeles was moved
to say: "Mr. Speaker, I move as an
amendment to Senator Stratton's mo
tion that nominating speeches be lim
ited to five minutes, and that there be
no seconding .<i>eeches. 'Senator Strat
ton, do you consent to that amend
ment?' " asked Flint.
\No, sir, I do not," replied Stratton.
■ I would like to state. Mr. President,
that we might as well be plain about
this thing. The arguments to be pre
sented here for candidates f<rr United
States Senator will not be addressed to
the Assemblymen or Senators, but to
the reporters, and they will have no ef
fect upon us at all; and the arguments
may be made here or anywhere else,
and 1 think it is a useless waste of
time and we might as well proceed at
once to business."
Simpson called for rail call, and upon
it being completed the president pro
tern. declared the motion lost and an
nounced that nominations were in or
der.
Said Mr. White: "I move that those
addresses on behalf of the candidates
whose names have been presented by
either house be limited to five minutes,
and as to the addresses on behalf of
those whose names have not been pre
sented the time be unlimited."
Simpson kicked again. Said he: "I
am opposed to that motion for this rea
son: I believe that a man ought not
to be limited to any number of min
utes for the purpose of making a nomi
. nating speeech for his favorite candi
date, no matter whether he presented
the name yesterday or to-day, either in
separate session or Joint session, and I
am opposed to it. I say that when a
man presents the name of a candidate
in this body for as high an office as is
within the gift of the Legislature of
the State of California he ought to have
unlimited time to say. enough to get the
people to stay here and listen to him,
and I oppose the motion."
JOHNSON WANTS ADVICE.
"I hope that the motion will be voted
down," said Grove L. Johnson, "or else
be withdrawn. We are here now in
Joint convention. Technically speaking
we arc not supposed to know anything
that t"<>k i>la<-e in the separate houses.
We are meeting here in joint conven
tion, and when the time comes in the
history of the commonwealth of Cali
fornia that the. Legislature of the State
Is unwilling to listen to advice from its
members, or to hear a speeech nominat
ing a worthy s=on of the State for the
exalted position of United States Sen
ator, we had better quit meeting in
Joint convention. I hope that no limi
tation will be placed upon It. We will
trust to the good sense of the men who
desire to see their favorites elected to
limit their speeches to a time consist
ent with good taste and the pleasure
of their auditors, and I hope that our
friend Mr. White will withdraw his
motion and let us proceed to business."
Rclshaw of Contra Coata spoke too.
He said: "I hope that motion will be
withdrawn. We have already, I think,
consumed more time in debating the
length Of nominating speeches than
would have been consumed by the gen
tlemen who are to make the nominat
ing speeches. If any other motions are
put, I am sure that Senator Simpson
will rise and deliver us a speech
"whether we want it or not, and I think
we had better let him have his say on
the floor nominating the man he
wishes."
Finally a motion was made to lay the
matter on the table. It was carried,
and nominations were declared in
order.
SMITH NOMINATES GRANT.
Senator Smith of Kern then got up
to lend fitting phrase to the nomination
of U. S. Grant. His speech, in effect,
was as follows:
The people of California are most in
tensely interested in this subject. It is
not a matter of our choice; It Is a matter
of performing a great judiciary trust. We
are not here to exercise our individual
likes and dislikes, but to carry forward
the underlying principles of the American
Government, the will of the people, and
he who votes to-day for a candidate
Whom he thinks he has reason to know
would not meet with popular endorse
ment were this matter referred to the
body of the people, strikes a blow at the
perpetuity of American Institutions. The
unusual importance of the selection at
this time is, I think, fully impressed upon
the minds of the members of both
branches of this Legislature. California
occupies a fur greater and more im
portant position in the sisterhood of
States this year than she ever has before
We are now the custodian of many na
tions and strange people, and California
is no longer on the western border of
this great land of. ours, but occupies a
well nigh cc-ntral position of the domain
that Is sheltered and protected by the
grand old stars and stripes. This man
Whose name I present to you Is a man
Who unquestionably can step into the
Senate of the United States to-morrow
knd occupy a more important position and
pome closer in touch with the affairs of
the day and with the great men of the
nation than any other man we have in
California, and I believe that the name
Df U. S. Grant is one which, if we were to
refer It back to our constituents, would
meet with a most hearty approval by
them.
"EDDIE" WOLFE SAYS BURNS.
Senator Smith's last echo had searce
t" reached th« gallery before Senator
"Eddie" Wolfe of San Francisco came
on the boards to offer up his first open
declaration of forced allegiance to Dan
Burns in placing that waning star in
active operation for a second time.
Senator Wolfe's nominating speech
was as a deflnant contribution to legis
lative history as has ever been allowed
to ring uninterrupted in the Assembly
chamber. Though he said that he had
no fear of returning to his constituents
after his espousal of Burns and his
crooked gang, he said It with one fear
ful eye on the press benches and in
tones and accent that betrayed any
thing but peace of mind. As a forensic
effort, however, Senator Wolfe's
nominating speech was fully as bril
liant as any that have been turned
loose in the Burns cause. He spoke as
follows:
I present for the consideration of the !
Joint convention for the exalted position, |
of United States Senator the name of a j
plain, dignified, honest man, a Republi- j
can in season and out of season; a man
I who has labored for the interests of the
party time and again, and who is recog- ]
nlzed all over the State of California as i
one of the leaders of our great Republican |
party; a man who Is kind, who is cul
tured by education and whose judgment
is ripened by experience; a man of cour
age anil of executive ability; a man who !
responded to the call of his country when j
his services were needed; one who is in
touch with the Republicans of this State,
and whoso friends are legion: one who |
stands by his friends first, last and all
the time*; a man whose word is his bond
all over this great State. I submit the |
name of Colonel D. M. Burns for your fa
vorable consideration.
SIMPSON FOR BULLA.
Senator Simpson came into evidence j
again at this point. The far end of his
speech indicated that he had nominated
Bulla, but during his preliminary
ramblings it looked as though he were
going to launch a little boom of his
ow|i A synopsis of his effort follows:
Two years ago I had the honor of plac- !
ing in nomination for the high office of j
United States Senator the Honorable i
George C. Perkins, a man whom we all l
love to-day, and who won the fight. Now !
I am going to place in nomination another
man who Is going to win his fight, in my j
judgment. The great commonwealth of :
the State of California is vitally interested
to-day in our national legislation and in j
our national administration. We have
great interests at stake. In, Southern
California we have our San Pedro harbor.
"We have to-day a Secretary of War that,
it bi etna to me, has not been in accord
with the sentiment of the Republican
party of the State of California in the
matter of our Southern California harbor. I
We are In favor of San Pedro harbor and
Secretary Alger has been against us. We
have a multiplicity and diversity of in
terests in the State of California that
perhaps no other State In this Union has,
and we want a man to represent us in
the United Stat-s Sonate who is broad
gauged enough to grasp the situation that
confronts us. We feel in Southern Call
fornla that we are at this time entitled
to the representative in the Senate of the '
United States. We stood loyally by you i
in the north two years ago, and we ask i
you to stand by us at this time; and I say ;
to you. gentlemen, to-day that with Rob
ert N. Hulla and George C. Perkins, our i
present United States Senator to li.ok
after the interests of our great common- |
wealth of California her interests will
never suffer. I wish to place In nomina
tion Robert N. Bulla.
DAVIS TALKS FOR SCOTT.
Senator Davis followed in a splendid i
burst of eloquence intended to place in
nomination Irving M. Scott. In a ring
ing voice he said:
We have come here to perform a sol
emn duty. I think we are at this time
confronted with a crisis which bidfl us
pause and ask ourselves in all sincerity
if, for. once in the history of the State of
California, the office should seek the man,
and not the man seek the office. The peo
ple of this great State are looking to
you to do your duty upon this floor.
\'<tu were elected to represent constitu
encies; you are not here to be subjected
to any Intimidation. They send you the
word to let nothing dictate your vote ex
cept the brain that is in your head.
You know that the administration of
President McKlnley and the administra
tion of the war were issues in this cam
paign, and nothing that you can do or say
in behalf of any favored candidate can
wipe that proposition out from the minds
of the people of the State of California.
(Applause.)
The question that was submitted to the
American electorate on this Pacific Coast
and in every other Stato that cast its
vote for Governor in this campaign was
whether or not McKlnl»-y was right in
all that he had dorte In the conduct of the
war, and whether or not ne was right in
all that he intimated to us so far as the
results of the war were concerned; and
the vote of California sent the m
back with 20,000 majority for the head of
the Republican ticket— sent the message
back, re-echoing, to Washington that as
long as McKinley stood Tor America,; as
long as he stood against foreign insolence
and oppression, as long as h<- held the
honor of this country high, so that the
vultures of trade could not mar it. he
was entitled to the unswerving loyalty
and undying allegiance of every Califor
nian on this coast. (Applause.)
Now, when you stop to think of the
names that have' been made Illustrious
during the war, the achievements that
have been made by Dewey and the fleet
at Santiago, I ask you who it is that
l.niit the machines and gave them power
to make the name for the State of Cali
fornia. (Applause.) Have you forgotten
the. trip of that monument of steel and
of American genius that covered herself
and California with glory? And who, all
through this campaign, has been in the
minds of the people of the State of Cali
fornia, as a man who began at the bot
tom of the ladder and built himself up
until to-day, and who stands in the eyes
of the world one of the most prominent
men on the Pacific Coast? Starting with
the little iron works- of old Ptter Dona
hue in South San Francisco, with a hand
ful of men, by his own genius, working
under the guidance of his own brain, un
aided by any influence outside of him
self, he has built up there an industry
which to-day stands foremost in the eyes
of the world and at this moment has
upon Its payroll three thousand laborers
in the city and county of San Francisco.
Vmi cannot point to a name in the State
of California that will so dignify tabor
and all that it represents n.s that of Irv
ing M. Scott. If we are to have a man
of action; if we are to have a man of
achievement, then I submit to this Senate
and this Assembly the name of
iv. man who has proven himself a world
beater and has done more to put Califor
nia and the laborer of California In the
forefront of the land than any other man
in the State of California. Let us cast
our vote for a representative of the State
of California— lrving M. Scott.
GILLETTE NOMINATES KNIGHT.
Senator Gillette of Humboldt.'in plac
ing the name of George A. Knight in
nomination, said:
At this time questions of great moment
must be met and settled; questions of in
ternational importance will confront us,
and it is the duty of every State in the
United States to see that representatives
are sent there who are capable, who have
the ability, who have the learning and
the brain to settle these questions so
that our State and our country will not
suffer by their work. We need men of
THE SAN FRAtfCISCO CALL,, THUBSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
THE TWO BALLOTS FOR SENATOR.
THE JOINT BALLOT.
For Barnes — Senators Dickinson, Luschinger,
Morehouse, Stratton; Assemblymen Clough,
Knight, Knowland, Lardner, Atherton — 9.
For Bulla — Senators Currier, Simpson; As
semblymen Belshaw, Conrey, Oosper, Huber,
Mellick, Miller of Los Angeles, Robinson, Valen
tine, Wright— ll.
FOR BURNS: Senators— Bettman,
Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavltt, Short
ridge, Wolfe. Assemblymen— Arnerich,
Barry, Beecher, Cobb, Devoto, Dibble,
Henry, JILSON, Johnson, Kelley,
Kelsey, Kenneally, Lundquist, McKeen,
Miller of San Francisco, Pierce, Rick
ard, E. Sullivan— 2s.
For Felton — Assemblyman Brown — 1.
For Grant — Senators Boyce, Cutter, Jones,
Maggard, Nutt, Smith, Trout; Assemblymen Bliss,
Blood, Car gill, Chenoweth, Clark, Crowder, Dale,
De Lancie, Greenwell, Le Barron, Marvin, Mc-
Donald of Alameda, McDonald of Tuolumne, Mer
rill, Merritt, Milice, Radcliff, Raub, Raw, "Works
—27.
For Knight — Senator Gillette; Assemblyman
.Boynton — 2.
For Phelan — Senators Ash, Boggs, Braunhart,
Chapman, Curtin, Doty, Dwyer, Hall, Langford,
La Rue, Pace, Prisk, Sims; Assemblymen Boone,
Brooke, Burnett, Caminetti, Cowan, Crowly, Fair
weather, Feliz, Glenn, Griffin, Hanley, Hoey,
Mack, Meade, Messerve, O'Brien, Sanford, Stewart,
E. D. Sullivan, Wardell, White— 34.
For Scott — Senator Davis; Assemblyman Dunlap
—2.
For Rosenfeld — Senator Feeney — 1.
For Bard — Senators Hunt and Rowell — 2.
For Van R. Paterson — Senator Taylor; Assem
blymen La Baree, Muenter — 3.
For Estee — Assemblymen Anderson, Wade — 2.
Bulla was excused from voting.
action, men of thought, men of brains
and men of words. The United States is
facing a great issue now— that of expan
sion; whether we shall take ns our wards
millions of people and thousands of miles
of new territory across the ocean.
These are great questions for us to
pass upon and great questions to decide.
We want a man of action, my friends, and
we want a man who can stand upon the
floor of Congress and advocate, the groat
questions that will arise and instruct
those around him. California, Interested
as she Is to-day in this question more
than any other State, should have a man
i with ability to think, and a man with
I ability to express those thoughts, and a
1 man learned In international law. We
j want a Senator whose voice can be heard
j in the halls of Congress and good results
may follow. We want a man who is alive
to the iBSUes of this State. Such a man ia
| the Hon. George A. Knight. (Applause.)
: When a Vote is taken to-day or to-mor
row—whenever it may be — T would like to
have you gentlemen remember the name
(if George A. Knight, and remember the
gallant service that he has rendered his
party and his State.
MOREHOTJSE PRAISES BARNES.
Senator Morehouse paid high tribute
to General W. H. L.. Barnes in a speech
i placing: that candidate in nomination.
! He said:
Back in Jewish history we are told there
i was ejected a vast temple without the
! sound of a hammer or saw; but when they
j came finally to complete the magnificent
j structure which has found remembrance
I in the hearts of so many nations and so
i many Christian people it was discovered
that it was necessary in the matter of
i masonry that there should be erected a
vast arch; but how to complete the arch
waa the question among all the workmen.
I Though they were called together at the
; high hour of noon, they were unable to
determine hotf it was to be done, and
finally they discovered that, lying out in
the grounds where they were doing this
work was one great piece of magnificent
granite of a peculiar shape, and they had
!)'■» a wondering all the time what was to
be dune with this particular stone, and it
was not until then discovered that before
| the great building could be erected this
i bjock al granite should be brought, con
i stHuting the center stone of the great
arch of Solomon's Temple. Arising here,
j I want to present to you the one great
I Republican block of marble, as pure in
his patriotism, as true in his work, as
: noble and great as any man who has
| ever sat in the halls of the United States
I Senate, one m«n who has been the key
stone of the Republican arch in the State
of California for more than thirty years.
There has not been one town, not one
I city, not one village, not one hamlet where
| the voice and eloquence of the Hon. \V.
; H. L. Barnes has not thrilled thousands.
I say to you, you may talk about action—
we need it; you may talk about mechanl
-1 cal skill and ability— we need it; but we
need now in the history of our Govern-
I ment a man who can stand where Wash-
I lngton stood, who can stand where Clay
j stood, who can stand where Webster
| stood, and. aye, as he stands there build
; ing sentences that every word shall be
fire-tipped with the soul eloquence that
only Harries can express, and the cry will
go out over the entire United States, "We
nave a new Webster, a new Clay, a new
i Calhoun, a new Rutledge, thank God, and
he is from the State of California." (Ap
plause.)
In dealing with national affairs who ran
do it— who paint it in grander poetry and
in more marvelous beauty and greater
harmony than General W. H. L. Barnes?
I I appeal to you now, let us not forget the
! "noblest Roman of them all," William H.
I L. Barnes of San Francisco.
COSPER ALSO FOR BULLA.
Wildest applause was returned Sena-
I tor Morehouse for his splendid effort
j and he gave way to Senator Cosper,
| who seconded the nomination of Rob
ert N. Bulla. He said that he pleaded
for clean, honest, fair politics, an hon
esty of the good old sort that charac
terized our fathers and our mothers.
He said:
The man whom we should choose for
United States Senator should be first an
American and after that a Californian.
Let him take care of the interests of our
| nation, and. as an irresistible corollary of
j that theorem, California will be taken
I care of. Over two centuries ago our hon
THE SEPARATE BALLOT.
For Barnes— Senators Dickinson, Luchsinger,
Morehouse, Stratton; Assemblymen Atherton,
Clough, Knight, Knowland, Lardner — 9.
For Bulla — Senators Currier, Simpson; Assem
blymen Belshaw, Conrey, Cosper, Huber, Mellick,
Miller of Los Angeles, Robinson, Valentine,
Wright— ll.
FOR D. M. BURNS: Senate— Bettman,!
Burnett, Hoey, Laird, Leavitt, Short
ridge, Wolfe. Assembly — Arnerich,
Barry, Beecher, Cobb, Devoto, Dibble, 1
Henry, Johnson, Kelley, Kelsey, Ken- 1
neally, Lundquist, McKeen, Miller of 1
San Francisco, Pierce, Rlckard, Eugene I
Sullivan— 24. i
For John Rosenfeld — Senator Feeney — 1. |
For Grant — Senators Boyce, Cutter, Jones,
Maggard, Nutt, Smith, Trout; Assemblymen Bliss, '
Blood, Cargill, Clark, Crowder, Dale, I>e Lancie, |
Green-well, Jilson, Le Barron, McDonald of Ala
meda, McDonald of Tuolumne, Merrill, Merritt, '
Milice, Radcliff, Raub, Raw, Works — 26.
For Knight — Senator Gillette; Assemblyman
Boynton — 2. \
For Stephen M. White — Senators Ashe, Boggs,
Braunhart, Chapman, Curtin, Doty, Dwyer, Hail,
Langford, La Rue, Pace, Prisk, Sims; Assembly- I
men Boone, Brooke, Burnett, Caminetti, Cowan,
CTowley, Fairweather, Feliz, Glenn, Griffin, Han
ley, Hoey, Mack, Meade, Messerve, Sanford, Ste- \
wart, Wardell, White, E. D. Sullivan— 34.
For Irving M. Scott— Senator Davis of Amador '
— 1. ,
For Thomas R. Bard— Senators Flint, Rowell— 2.
For Paterson — Senator Taylor — 1. '
For C. N. Felton — Assemblyman Brown — 1. ■
For M. M. Estee — Assemblymen Anderson and
Wade— 2. I
| ored forefathers came to this virgin land
j and blazed a new path through the for
ests of governmental pulley, and as a
I monument of their enduring wisdom we
have the most magnificent country under
I the blue sky of God. Before the Ameri
| can people stands just such a crisis now.
New governmental policies, new compll
! cations, new dangers and new victories
; are before the people: and I have an
j abiding confidence, my friends, if you will
i make no mistake, whosoever you may
I nomfnate for Senator of the United States
hero, that the genius of the American peo
ple, guided by the spirit of the god of
nations, will be able to take the starry
banner nnd sweet with the fragrance of
liberty, bright with the effulgence of free
dom, plant it on the uttermost isles of the
sea irrevocably, I take great pleasure in
seconding the nomination and joining with
you in the laudable effort to elect the Hon.
Robert X. Bulla.
PHELAN COMES IN PLAY.
Mr. Wardell placed in nomination
Hon. James D. Phelan of San Fran
cisco. In doing so he said that Mr.
Phelan was a gentleman of indomitable
energy, splendid talents and of brilliant
education — a man who has served the
people, worked faithfully for them and
will serve them constantly as long as
he is in the public service. "I take
great pleasure in presenting the name
of Hon. J. D. Phelan of San Fran
cisco."
PIERCES IDEA OF BURNS.
Mr. Pierce of Yolo turned another trick
for Burns at this point. He said he did
not want to second Burns, he simply :
wanted to tell what the good people of !
Tolo thought of him. He said that Mr. '
Burns' word was the strongest thing in
the rounty. not excepting cheese and Yolo
whisky. Mr. Pierce is 3S years of age; Mr.
Burns about f>4; but Mr. Pierce remem
bered distinctly when they went to school !
together. They called him Captain Dan
then, and Burns did not wear stockings;
he was a "barefooted orphan;" came into
the county that way, in fact, although
he went out wearing patent leathers. Be
recalled his boyhood days at gTeat length
and said that all of the gang now living
was in the lobby at that minute, which
none of his hearers doubted who had
heard the Burns rooters at the railing.
Pierce also denied that "Captain Dan"
had ever robbed Yolo of a cent. On the
contrary, he had come back in his later
years and paid oft the debts he owed
when he left town. Mr. Pierce, however,
made no Mexican references. Continu
ing, he said that Burns was a man in
whom we all have the greatest conildence
and that he had been a potent factor in
all the successes that the Republican
party had attained during the past ten
years; that he had contributed more to
the success of the Republican party than
any other individual in the State of Cal
ifornia, and that he could cope with any
and all questions that might be presented
to him as a member of the United States
Senate.
A GOOD SECOND FOR GRANT.
Senator Cutter of Yuba seconded
Grant's nomination in one of his usual
good speeches. He said:
Opposed by corporate power and cor
porate wealth, arrayed against him the
political machinery of the party, relying
solely upon his own merits and the man
ifest wish and will of the majority of the
people, the name of Ulysses S. Grant has
been presented to this joint assembly for
the office of Senator of the United States.
1 heartily second the nomination. He is
n gentleman of high scholarly attainments
as well as of sound, practical sense. It
is true, Mr. President, that like his dis
tinguished father he Is somewhat reticent
of speech, but there are now
enough members of the United
States Senate who darken wisdom
with multitude of words, and 1 think
It not wise that this joint assembly of
California should add to their number.
We who are his friends and supporters
believe that ultimately he will be the
choice of this joint assembly, and with
confidence and with energy that knows no
defeat we propose to fight it out on this
lino if it takes all winter.
BARNES CHOICE OF THE PEOPLE.
Senator Luchsinger, In seconding the
nomination of Gen. W. H. L. Bapies,
said:
He has done more for the Republican
party than any other candidate that had
appeared before this Assembly for elec
tlon to the honorable office of United
States Senator. He Is not only accept
able to the people, but he is the choice of.
the people; and should this selection be
left to the people (Jeneral W. H. L.
Barnes would be elected to the position.
He is In touch with the administration.
He understands everything appertaining
to the new questions which have arisen,
and I say that if we send the peneral
there he is equipped for every emergency.
I most heartily second his nomination.
Nominations were closed finally and
! the balloting begun. At the end of It
i the result was as follows: W. H. L.
Barnes 9, R. N. Bulla 11. D. M. Burns
i 25, C. N. Felton 1, U. S. Grant Jr. 27,
; George A. Knight 2, James D. Phelan
: 34, M. M. Estee 2, Irving M. Scott 2,
Van R. Paterson 3, Thomas R. Bard 2,
John Rosenfeld 1; total, 119.
Speaker Wright announced the result
and upon motion of Assemblyman Dib
ble adjournment was taken to noon to
morrow.
DEMOCRATS TO HOLD
A SOLID FRONT
CAT.L HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
i MENTO, Jan. 11.— The Democratic mem
bers of the Senate and Assembly met in
| joint caucus to-night and decided to vote
I for eight different Democrats for United
: States Senator on the next eight joint
■ ballots if that many are taken before the
! Senatorial election is decided.
The names of a number of Democrats
I were submitted to the caucus, which was
I attended by nearly all of the members
who are enrolled in the ranks of the mi
nority.
After the names of M. F. Tarpey, J. H.
Seawell, James G. Maguire. Colonel James
: F. Smith, A. Caminetti and Marion de
j Vries were submitted for consideration, it
■ was decided that all of these Democratic
i leaders were worthy of the honor of re
ceiving a complimentary- ballot for Sen
; ator. so a motion to appoint a committee
!to designate the order in which they
I should be balloted for Was carried.
Assemblyman Mead of Los Angeles was
' named as chairman of the committee, and
' after a half hour of deliberation the com
j mittee reported the following as the order
in which tne names suggested should be
I voted: Third ballot. M. F. Tarpey; fourth
i ballot, J. H. Seawell; fifth ballot, James
G. Maguire; sixth ballot. Colonel James
I F. Smith; seventh ballot, A. Caminetti;
j eighth ballot, Marlon de Vries.
ESTEE ARRIVES AS
BURNS' MANAGER
CAL.T, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 11.— M. M. Estee arrived
from San Francisco this evening. On the
train hither he made the statement to
an old friend and fellow traveler that he
was coming here to manage Dan Burns'
fight for the Senatorship. The change
of management will not prove successful
unless Estee manages Dan's fight with
more skill and sagacity than Dan man
aged Estee' s fight for the same office
several years ago.
The Grant men to-night are deeply
chagrined over the desertion ot Jilson
from their camp. They remark [n ex
planation of the defection that there is
but one step from booze to boodle.
"GUN FIGHTERS" QUIESCENT.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 11.— All talk of
"gun fights" or personal encounters lia
ble to take place at the Silver State Cen
tral Committee to-morrow should be set
down as the merest bosh. The air is full
Of rumors to the effect that both sides
have Imported "gain fighters" and roughs
to take a hand in the Senatorial contest.
They are untrue.
Tom Wren arrived to-day and was
closeted with Stewart and Wallace. A
number of representatives of both houses
arrived to-day and a caucus will be held
Sunday night. It is rumored that the Sil
ver State Central Committee will take a
hand in the Senatorial fight to-morrow,
but it is given out that the call in in re
lation "to the Gubernatorial contest.
METAPHORS THAT WOULD
NOT BE SUPPRESSED
Spellbinders Vigorously Object to Having
Their Oratory Bottled,
Statesmen Spar for an Opportunity to Let Their
Words Ring Unrestrained Through the Long
Suffering Corridors of the Capitol.
BY HENRY JAMES.
CATvL. HEADQUARTERS, BACRA
MRNTO, Jan. 11.— Let it be understood in
tho beginning that I have gone out of tho
prophecy business and have decided to
moke only a plain statement of facts.
To-day occurred the Joint session of
tho two houses. The honors of the occa
sion fell mostly to the Assembly, for the
Senate did most of the talking and, had
nothing Interfered, would have been
talking yet. I think that In the space of
two hours more balderdash never fell
on the human ear. The session early de
veloped the fact that a lot of men wanted
to talk. They sparred for the opportuni
ty and when they had said It marvel de
veloped and grew that they had had the
nerve to hope for the opportunity. A
simple modesty would have prompted
most of them to avoid It as a pestilence.
The Assembly hall was crowded. There
was not a vacant seat and both on the
floor and In the gallery people were stand
ing with a patience almost sublime. Many
ladles were present and perhaps to this
circumstance was due the exuberance of
oratory, for certainly a masculine impulse
to. say "Rats!" must have been recog
j nlzed even by the spell-binders locoed by
the fumes of their mental parts. There
| were pome necessary and rather dreary
i formalities and white these were In prog-
I ress I noticed Sammy Braunhart, now
J serving his last term in any elective posi
! tion. Sammy looked impressive and im
| portant, but remembering the isinglass
story I managed to escape being hypno-
I tized.
Senator Morehmiso tried to shut off the
nominating speeches, raised a storm, and
unhappily met defeat. Simpson arose,
bubbling with enthusiasm or something.
and averred that the time for making
remarks was at hand. He was full of
.them himself. Stratton made the only
really sensible talk of the day, but was
outnumbered. His theory was that the
talk would change no vote, that it would
be a gallery play, largely for the benefit
of reporters; it had the virtue of truth
to back it. Everybody who had ready a
speech roared In protest, but that which
Stratton in his haste had termed a
"Wasteless use" of time seemed to suit the
majority, and a shudder passed over the
throng. As the discussion progressed
Shortridge, who had a seat near the
front, fell into a gentle and becoming
dose. He did not pose, for the Senator
from Santa Clara is free from affecta
tion, but he settled back with the air of
a statesman aweary. At intervals the
clamor of his necktie awoke him, and
then he placed his finger on his lips to
avoid shouting "No" on the motion to
limit nominating speeches.
"Technically speaking," paid Johnson of
Sacramento, "we are not supposed to
know anything as to the speeches made
in separate sessions. I am willing to
waive the technicality and allow the rest
of the proposition to stand."
At last the path to glory was cleared,
and Senator Smith arose to nominate U.
S. Grant. He made a good speech, but it
had no possible effect. It was a flno trib
ute to Grant, utterly devoid of the possi
bility of winning a vote for him.
Inator Wolfe spoke for Burns. Eddie
well.' He is master of a fine heel and
movement, but whether more do
it when standing on his heels or when
•ed on the pinnacle of a rigid toe I
am not able to say. He was hanc.icapped
by his subject. He had to extol Burns as
cultured and educated, as a citizen of
standing, as a soldier of renown, and the
fact that Burns has none of these quali
ties and is none of these things might
have rattled a person of less gall. When
he sad Burns was without spot or blem
ish I wondered why Ananias had caught
such a hard biff for fibbing, but when
I hn added that Burns was the choice of
| San Francisco, and the choice of the
j State, which is even now ringing with de
nunciation of him and his ways, Ananias
became a gentleman of comparative ve
j racity. Eddie painted Dan as a reformer,
! a man of character, force and ability,
| with the best citizens for His friends, and
decency staying up nights to pray for his
election. In other words, while the Sena-
I tor did not make an ass of himself, he
in no manner marred his reputation as
one already made. It was a hard task
he had to perform, and that he performed
it without a blush proved him adapted to
a delicate and difficult situation. There
] was applause when he finished. It rame
largely from the gallery, where the claq
uers had secured seats.
Senator Simpson followed. He rambled,
verbose, through the corridors of time
and threatened to infringe upon eternity.
He told about having, at the age of 14,
drawn his sword — probably a tin one scab
barded in his Christmas stocking, but
I this is a mere matter of detail. People
began to get tired and wish he had fallen
on the sword. "I revere Grant," said
Simpson, "and Burns and men of that
class." This strikes me as a new class.
Grant has an apology* due. Yet Simpson
comes from a Prohibition district. Such
cheers as he got were in token of Joy
that he had finished. I almost forgo-t to
say that his object was to nominate Bulla.
for whom he expressed love, and he had
love to spare. In fact, he was in a loving
mood. But Bulla deserved better luck.
, Cosper, Assemblyman, from Kings Coup.-
ty, came to the front and for a time kept
alive a query as - 0 why he had done so.
He Bald Borne k<»"1 things, which I will
not quote, for thor- ; was no possible miti
gation for saying thorn. He took up each
candidate In turn, painted him rod, hoist
ed him to the ultimate of a lofty pole and
descanted upon hie unmatched virtues.
Along the Rotten Row of reminiscence ha
trotted astride the lame horse of rhetoric,
while nobody knew why he was there or
at what place he e-r-ected to arrive. All
about him he strewe.l a torrent of
bouquets, having his saddlebags full. Ha
loved the bulging bosom and the musical
voice of Knight, he had a profound ad
miration for the uprightness of Burns,
and therefore he seconded the nomination
of Bulla. I think that with Simpson and
Cosper, Bulla played in hard luck for
the day.
At this Belshaw wanted a limit put on
speeches, but the chairman made only a
fair pretense of hearing him.
Morehouse, who had tried In the first
place to head off nomination epeeches, had
the duty of presenting the name of Gen
eral Barnes. He did it In well chosen
language. The best by far heard during
the session.
Mayor Phelan was offered and got the
full vote of his party when the time came.
Then the seconds began to come in.
They came in fast. Pierce of Yolo was
wound up and the only topic known to
the I'ierce mind is the virtue, worth and
the general integrity of Dan Burns. Ac
cording to Pierce, Dan's Yolo record ia
all right, but he omitted any mention of
the Sacramento record, nor did he say
that on file in the building which echoed
helplessly to his clarion notes were rec
ords showing that Burns owed the State
531,000 for money stolen. He resented the
criticism of the press, not perhaps as the
rogue who begins to feel the halter draw,
but as the frifnd of the rogue. Accord
ing to him. Burns is the best of living
men, and if better there have been his
tory overlooked them. There was an al
most audible sense of relief when Pierce
had run down. Next came the balloting,
of which full accounts are given else- (
where. Victory did not perch on any of
the banners, nor show even a momentary
Impulse to alight. She coyly kept aloof
and the bait to coax her down was not
in evidence. It is not worth while to an
alyze the vote. I would rather devote a
line to the voters.
Kenneally of San Francisco shouted out
"Burns" so loudly as to demonstrate that
he felt proud of the distinction of being
owned by the Candelarian hero, and
L,eavitt of Alameda did the same. Ken
neally has a charge of manslaughter
hanging over him in the city merely be
cause an old man he struck happened
most inopportunely to die, and perhaps a
noise serves to keep the ghost at bay.
Leavitt has not even this sorry pretext to
advance, and I suspect his shout to be the
equivalent of a midnight whistle in a
graveyard.
IT IS
YOUR SYSTEM THAT IS ALL "WTtON<X
HUDYAN will make it all right again.
You have dreams. ■ HUDYAN gives you sweet
' and peaceful sleep. You know that there are
other men on earth who are more manly than
you. HUDYAN remedio-treatment for a week
will alter this. You ought to be as strong as
your next-door neighbor. HUDYAN will give
i you the vitality that it needs to make a whol«
man. But remember that it is only
HUDYAN
| Yes, HUDYAN, that will do this. You want
to get rid of those shaking hand*. Ask about
the great remedio-treatment. You want to b«
able to look the world .fairly in the face. Ask
about the great remedio-treatment. You want
energy, and you want life. Ask about that
grand remedio-treatment. Free as the air you
breathe are the circulars and testimonials.
All you have to do is to ask for them. WrlU
and see to-day.
THAT
You are a weakling It needs no one to tall you.
You cannot even walk with, your head up. Get
| HUD TAN and you will be able to. Get the
: HUDYAN treatment and you will not know
> yomrself in a week. But you are going from
; bad to worse at this moment. Stop! Yes,
STOP! And stop this very minute. You can
get HUDYAN as well to-day as you will be
able to get It to-morrow. Be a man, and ►"
■ a good one.
CURES.
All classes of curable diseases are cure*
at the grand old Hudson Medical Institute
"Thirty-Day Blood Cure" circulars a« free
too, and if you will but describe your disease
and give the doctors a chance to help you. you
will be CURED! *
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
. - BAN FRANCISCO.
It is the medicine i|iprr-Hj^^
above all others for /^£}ifi^K
: catarrh, and is worth iMffis£(O\!\
' its weight in gold. /&**%§& JSUoJ
Ely's Cream Balm is \J Js&/ :
; safe to use and it does f* '<?&/
all that is claimed for I
! it. —B. W. Sperry, J^g^V
■ Hartford, Conn. J^^Jj^J^
I Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils spread
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief is
i immediate and a cure follows. It is not dry-
ing—does not produce sneezing. Large, BOor
Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren at., New York.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South M.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COX&
„ Au^M.llaVifiD AKBJtBAIAJKnak .
'WILL NOT LEND EAR
TO WRIGHT'S DEFAMERS
Friends Bitterly Denounce the Vicious Charges
Made Against Him.
Ready and Caustic Answers to the Examiner's Attack on
the Speaker, and Its Gratuitous Insults to the People
of East Oakland and Berkeley Whom
He Represents.
OAKLAND. Jar.. 11.— The virulent, ma
licious and false attack made on Speaker
Wright and the district he represents in
the Legislature that appeared In to-day's
• Examiner has aroused the honest indig-
. nation of thousands of Republicans in
this county and has succeeded in con
. vincing even the most skeptical that the
Democratic alleged organ is bending all
Its energies to secure the election of Col
• one! Burns to the United States Senate.
No more proof is needed in Alameda
County of the hypocrisy and railroad ten
dencies of the newspaper that has sick
ened the State and made Itself ridiculous
by its false assertions of a desire to an
nihilate the railroad and to purify poli
, tics.
Nor were the shrewd Republicans of
-Speaker Wright's district slow to under-
Btand the cause of the childish petulancy
of the Examiner. In its anxiety to help
the cause of Mr. Burns of Mexico and
■Yolo County, it published a few days ago
"En imaginary poll of Senators and As
semblymen on their choice for United
' States Senator. The list was set up In
poster type on the front page, and was,
"as every politician knows, designed for
the. purpose of making it appear that the
.-'Examiner's candidate was much stronger
than he is, and thus the faltering ones
' might be induced to go into the Burns
"camp. This ••reliable" canvass gave
Grant IS and Burns 31 on the first ballot.
' When the ballot was taken yesterday the
■'falsity of the Examiner's farce was too
: .'transparent to be hidden, so that paper
■ decided to make a scapegoat of Speaker
'■•Wright and incidentally lay the respon
sibility for his failure to become a traitor
to his district, which consists of East
Oakland and Berkeley.
•■ The Examiner's writer then Interviewed
• himself as follows:
." "Our plans went: through to a dot with the
fxoeption of Wright and Merrill." declared one
' at the Burr.s lieutenants to-night and he was
talking honestly. "I told the colonel he
should force o vote of at least thirty on the
first ballot, but he declared that twenty-six
would be enough. But Wright and Merrill up
get his plans." "How about Wright?" I In
quired. "There Is the coldest throw down I
ever saw. Wright was made Speaker by
Burns and the railroad. Everybody knows that,
.He has beer, in consultation with us (rom
ithe start. We counted on him just as we
counted on Senator Bettman or any of the
other open and avowed Burns men, but he was
scared off. He could not stand up and take
his medicine. The fact Is Wright comes from
the church district over in Oakland and Berke
ley. I know those people myself, having lived
arr.on? them for twenty-five years. In Oak
land these good people are called 'ric* eaters
by the practical politicians. In Los Ang-eles
the same sort of folks are known as 'long
hairs ' They are men who would have served
a-ell under Cromwell or Monk. They are much
El ien to prayer and to quick turns in busi
ness, and to them Colonel Burns is of the sons
of Belial. They would send to political and
social Coventry a man who votes for him. So
Wrigrt. beinc between the devil and the deep
' E?a. compromised on Bulla."
This is all done for the purpose of prov
ing that the Examiner was not wrong last
' T-hursday morning when it published a
heading "running clear across the top of
• : the first page which read. "Colonel Dan
Burns leading in the race for the Senator
ship, with U. S. Grant in second place.
■Thirty-one legislators place themselves
•on record as behind the man f. an Mex
ico." And because the same pa, ?r was
forced to publish this morning a heading
reading "Grant leads Burns for Senator."
the fault is all that of Speaker Wright
ar.d the "rice-eaters" of East Oakland
fend Berkeley.
•'• The Examiner evidently forgets or does
T.ot want to remember the truth regard-
Ing these "rice-eaters" of East Oakland.
' It was Dr. Pardee. who, of all other men,
'•made East Oakland the power it is in pol
itics. It was from East Oakland that Dr.
'Pa-rdee came six years ago to reign as
Mayor of Oakland and to make the anti
railroad record with which the Examiner
has been trying for a week to hide its
loyalty to Burns. This district of those
■ who are known for their long prayers
ar.d smart business turns is the home of a
- great many of the men who have for
years made good records by subduing
"the gang" in politics that is now doing
ail it can to throw mud at any one who
■ has the manhood to repudiate Burns. It
[Is the home of Congressman Hilborn, of
County Clerk Jordan, just honored by a
second term of four years; of Supreme
Justice Fred Henshaw; of Attorney A. A.
Moore, once District Attorney; of Hen
• ry A.. Melvln. one of the leading Republi
.'cans in Oakland and Assistant District
? Attorney; of Councilmen W. B. Pringle
•and H. D. Rowe, who will probably be
'nominated within a month to succeed
' th>mselve<=; of M. J. Keller, ex-presldent
'}. '■ . • : . ■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
■" i ''Save the wo-^^j^*--^" ,>•" ,
. '.. ' jr-en and children {y&ry^f'**'^
'.-;• ' stinctive cry of»£/ SM^.fvjfy,
';•: -every brave man S^^^,lJ|v3;<'^ i^^k/
•'. -.in a moisent of i Wcf^^^^i^f fsij^k
■'.... cerns of i;f •- rren *£sXfr<^. Z(ttjsl§<^
■ - who are or( iir;\-^HHBp/ ; -W%r*s?&Z^'
-- brave ■£, /-. |'. '^
.."kind forget the''*'"^**'"^vty v§m^ i:Z *>
'.. perils of trouble ' -' «*>^Ss, T 'fc»r %
.' ■: and disea?e that over- & /^~/f^\\.
' 'hang their families. A*^4« £35pj\
;. -- man engrossed with hisfe^ pf^l
■" <~,-,-~ affairs seldom rea- , /^jBfjB
•: lizes how hard his wife £L V™^^^
is working and that per- > "^/I
•■ haps she is breaking 'i/ '^Jr'TJ
... .down under the strain f /y**- <■]$&
'and becoming weak &f^J^Jg£y\ j-\
■ -..sickly; incapable of do-yk.^jplgg£ xL
' ihg the family work °f vTbt^ \1
• of looking "after thef^ *^%k*J*fi6j
It is just as much a^^^3M^BP^]L
. ' man's duty to look after --^531 (i I lIS
the health of his family Iv^^JjHl'fWlH
from day to day as it ' T^S^iIU«S
. ■ would be to give them S^>fz~£3%Js
the first thought in a Jljft'*-MMyyi;
.' ■ moment of shipwreck or'y^^^'H^-VJiVJ
• ! It does not cost any-^^^^>^^a^
. thing more than a few^Qj^^ft^-^S®
minutes of time to write ■™ m mi, B ,<< 1 -»C
" ■'to Dr. R. V. Pierce, chier *»• « '~
• "'consulting physician of "*&!*&
.the Invalids' Hotel and "-" -*- - s= " »
'.Surgical Institute of Buffalo, N. V., who
. will give the best professional advice free
of charge with suggestions for inexpensive
■. . home-treatment whereby any of the family
:who are weak and ill may be put on their
•• feet again well and strong and hearty.
■ For thirty years Dr. Pierce has success-
fully treated many of the most obstinate
. and apparently hopeless cases of severe
■ •chronic disease. His medicines are known
throughout the whole world for their as-
tonishing eGcacy. His Golden Medical
Discovery " is the most perfect remedy for
all weak and debilitated conditions of the
system. It gives power to the digestive
organism to transmute the food into mus-
cular flesh and active energy. His "Fa
vorite Prescription" is the most successful
medicine ever devised for the delicate ail-
ments peculiar to women.
' • His " Pleasant Pellets " are the best mild
and natural laxative for constipation.
of the Board of Trade and In the very
front rank of progressive merchants; of
School Director Evans, who is mentioned
for Mayor: of City Attorney W. A. Dow.
who will almost assuredly he again elect
ed in March; of ex- Assessor Lecke; of
Professor Inskeep, R. H. Chamberlain,
Lieutenant Cobbledick. all honored Re
publicans; of "Borax King" F. M. Smith,
and thousands of other intelligent men
whose intelligence and standing is second
ue in the county. And these are the
"rice-eaters," the "long-hairs," the peo
ple known as "church-goers" and as
"cranks and crooks" who "make long
ra and make smart business turns,"
according to the Examiner.
An East Oaklander remarked to-night
that the Examiner evidently looks on
Wright's Assembly District "as being of
the same nature as some of the Philip
pine Islands.
"I am a neighbor of Mr. Wright," said
Harry A. Melvin, "and I have the utmost
confidence in him. I believe that he will
io what is expected of him bythnsewh<>m
he represents. I certainly object to the
Burns people or anybody else casting any
slurs on East Oakland. I have never
heard of the term 'rice-eater' applied to
this city, and I do not think we are 'long
haired.' Such talk is childish. I have no
fear that Mr. Wright will do anything to
disgrace himself or his district. We run
:his district, and we rather pride ourselves
:m our intelligence."
J. W. Nelson, president of the Oakland
Exposition and a leading Republican, says
that if the statements of the Examiner
md the anonymous Burns man were not
so evidently intended to be Insuring they
could be construed as a compliment to
Mr. Wright.
"Such nonsense is ridiculous," said Mr.
Selson, "and I cannot see why the Burns
people should circulate it. While it is
true that the race track representatives
have voted for Burns, East Oakland. I
Relieve, has no fear for Mr. Wright. Why
?hould not a man be shown that his com
panionship is not desirable if he be a
supporter of Burns? Certainly political
3stracism is the inevitable punishment of
such betrayal. All honor to Speaker
Wright for refusing to obey Mr. Burns.
The stupidity of calling an intelligent
community a horde of 'rice-eaters' is as
monumental as some other things that are
daily being sent out by the Burns people."
Ex-Mayor M. C. Chapman is of the
opinion that Speaker Wright is not in
danger of going wrong. "I have met Mr.
Wright but little." he said, "but I have
heard a great deal of him. and I am sat
isfied that he is a man of much indepen
dence. I know he is not a 'rice-eater'
nor the tool of any man. and neither is
his district lacking in intelligence. Such
statements as those published to-day
cannot but help Mr. Wright."
Attorney de Golia. Dr. O. L. Jones and
I of other Republicans expressed the
same opinion, and a paper could easily
ir-e filled with the indignant expressions
)f the reputable citizens of Mr. Wright's
Assembly District, whom the Examiner
nas insulted by calling them "rice-eat-'
?rs." which those who have traveled in
Eastern countries know is a synonym
tor coolies and beggars.
The direct insult to the churchgoers of
this city is no doubt Colonel Burns' re
ply to the resolutions of the Oakland Min
isterial Union condemning Burns as unfit
for a United States Senator.
BERKELEY'S PKOTES*.
BERKELEY. Jan. 11.— The Republicans
of this city were both amused and dis
gusted with the senseless imputations
made against their political sagacity in
the coiumns of this morning's Examiner.
The bald assertion that they were so
many roundheads, fanatically attached to
a narrow sectarianism and dominated by
a blind, crude and relentless antagonism
against any sort of liberal policy, they not
only looked upon as insulting to the last
degree but as utterly ludicrous in its act
ual statement of fact. The university town
besides being a college center is peopled
mostly by business people of San Fran
who make it their place of resi
dence. The Republicans in this district
are composed chiefly of these two classes,
and it is against their intelligence that
the meaningless remarks appearing in the
Examiner were made. They are all united
In saying that from motives of party
policy only their wish was that their rep
resentatlve in the Assembly should vote
against Colonel Dan Burns. They do not
niind being called church people, but they
insist that their political understanding is
quite like that of other people and that
to them Burns' election as United States
Senator wouid be the most unwise move
that the Republicans could be guilty of.
A Call representative called on several
of the leading Republicans here to-day,
and their opinions were given as follows:
Philip R. Boone, principal of Boone's
University Academy and member of the :
Board of Education:
"Yes. I read the effusion on my friend
Wright in the Examiner this morning. I
read it twice. I desired to mak« sure
whether the writer was trying to be face
or serious, or a little oft and not
altotgether responsible. I drew the last
conclusion. I was glad to learn, how
ever, that Mr. Wright, when from home,
had sufficient force of character to main
tain his self-respect. Certainly, as 1
know him. he must have felt out of his
sphere when in consultation with the
colonel and his admirers. I know noth
ing of Wright's political relations with
Mr. Burns and the railroad. But I know
mighty well enough to know this, that he
has a mind of his own; that he is true to
his convictions; that he never promised
Mr. Burns his vote; that if he had he
would have voted so. Wright is no
coward, and he cannot be Intimidated.
His constituency must admire him for
his independence whether it be the result
of politics or of 'church' influence. Let
it go at the latter. Berkeley and Oakland
are willing, and I think Wright can
stand it. We shall not lay up anything
against him for this. We congratulate
him that he knew enough to 'keep away
from the devil and out of the deep sea."
May there be many others like him!"
John W. Richards, President of the
Board of Trustees of the city: "I cannot
see that there's any justification in call
ing the people of Berkeley puritanical or
imputing to them any such motives and
inclinations as the article in this morn
ing's Examiner would seem to suggest.
It is even more unjustihable to say that
motives of that kind could have prompted
Howard Wright to vote for Bulia instead
of Burns. A short timo before the Legis
lature convened Mr. Wright came to me
and asked my opinion concerning the sen
timent of the Republicans here about the
Fenatorship. I told him emphatically that
I thought the Republicans here would feel
it a lasting disgrace if th»-lr representative
in the Assembly should vote for Burns. I
told him that his constituency here would
lipoa Burns' election as one of the!
darkest stains upon thf- Republican party
in this State. And this is for reasons of
party policy merely. It is because we
reel that Burns is altogether unworthy of
the high office which he seeks, and that
such a man would rum the policy and
prevent the future success of the party
that we have asked Mr. Wright to vote
against him, and not from any such *ense
less motives as was claimed."
Professor Carl C. Plehn of the depart
ment of history and political economy
of the University of California, and one
of the leading Republicans of this city:
"I think that such a characterization of
the people of Berkeley should oe taken
as a compliment. Such people have the
best Interests of the party at heart, and
they would shrink from seeing its polio
twisted into securing political plums for
unworthy men."
Guy Hyde Chick, City Superintendent of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, THUESDAT, JANUARY 12. 1899.
! Streets: "I have Just this to say. that
whether or not Mr. Howard Wright comes
from the church locality or from the
slums of Alameda County makes no dlf
; ference. I believe that Mr. Wright in not
! voting for Colonel Dan Burns voices to
the best of his knowledge the wishes of .
his constituency. I believe Mr. Wright a
man of principle and backbone, and I
heard him say not two weeks ago that he
: was the servant of the people and would
| voice the wishes of the people who placed ;
! him in the Legislature. And those people ;
i stand for the solid, cautious judgment of
: the Republican party in this section of the
■ county. It is my belief that in voting
against Burns Mr. Wright is carrying out :
j this principle."
ENROLLED ON
THE BLACK LIST
Continued Prom Third Page.
sufficiently strong to not only change
Wolfe's vote, but also to induce him
to place Burns in nomination before
the Legislature.
Judge Dibble votes for Burns in a
clear tone of voice and he is ready at
any time to engineer a caucus for the
colonel, but the oratorical voice of
Dibble had not been heard in behalf of
Burns, and therefore lamentations may
be heard where the touts congregate.
Assemblyman Clark of Santa Clara
was told directly that he could not ex
pect to pass a bill or do anything in
the Legislature for his constituents if
he did not at once get into line for
Burns. The Assemblyman signified
that he had only one important meas
ure to pass, but if necessary' n^ would
sacrifice his prospects of its success
rather than vote against the will of the
people who sent him to the Legislature.
He reasoned that he had only sixty
days to live in Sacramento, whereas he
expected to pass the rest of his life in
Santa Clara County. He preferred,
therefore, to so conduct himself in the
Legislature that he could go home to
his friends and neighbors and continue
to enjoy their confidence and esteem.
The readiness of the Grant men to
take a second ballot in joint assembly
to-day seemed to outsiders as an indi
cation of confidence upon the part of
Grant's managers. It was a bluff
rather than a display of confidence. It
was known In advance that Burns was
not willing to go ahead on another bal
lot, because his touts failed to con
nect last night on several important
engagements. Burns calculated on ad
ding four votes to his black list, but
those who were staked out to be listed
withheld consent. Green and Brown,
the Grant colors, then came to the
front, challenging another test of
speed.
The Burns oratory to-day was dis
piriting to the touts. "Wolfe was lame
and Pierce was silly. The Senators
and Assemblymen who have consented
to stand for Burns were not willing to
go ahead with another ballot. Some of
them cherish the hope that they will
be released from the "peculiar obliga
tion" to support Dan before the dawn
of another day.
There is no doubt to-night that Judge
Dibble, Grove Johnson and several
others of the Legislature would like to
have a close heart to heart talk with
Herrln to convince him of the" utter
folly of prolonging the contest on be
half of Dan Burns. They do not say
so. but actions sometimes speak louder
than words.
RESOLUTIONS AND
BILLS PRESENTED
Routine Work Done in Both
Houses of the Legis
lature.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKN'TO. Jan. 11.— Two or three bills and
a resolution came before the Senate to
day that are not calculated to bring un
alloyed joy to the people of the State. The
bills were sent to committee, while the
resolution was promptly strangled, which
action is deserving of flattering comment.
One of the bills introduced by Dickinson
provides for the relief of J. N. E. Wilson
and his bondsmen. Frank C. de Long and
James D. Byrnes. Wilson, while filling
the office of Insurance Commissioner dur
ing Markham's administration, had on
deposit in the Pacific Bank State funds
amounting to $2SSB 41 at the time the Mc
: Donalds succeeded in wrecking that instl
, tution. Controller Colgan, on behalf of
the State, began suit against Wilson and
his bondsmen for the recovery of the
money, together with 25 per cent penalty :
provided for by law on March 1, 1»!M.
Since that date $649 93 has been recovered
, from the bank. Judgment for the State
was given for $4063 82, which judgment the
Supreme Court has affirmed. This judg- I
ment has never been satisfied, and now
Dickinson asks the Legislature to author
ize the Attorney General to enter satis- ;
: faction of the judgment and appropriate
the amount nam>.d Out oi the general fund ;
for that pa: .
Cutler of "i üba also came to the front ;
to-day, his bill being calculated to nullify
the Belshaw act limiting the number of
attaches of the Senate and Assembly and
to provide jobs for the army of hangers
■out town. The bill amends section !
• the Political Code, which names the ',
I officers and employes of the Senate by i
! adding after the list as it stands at pres- ;
■ ent the words "and such other employes <
■ as the Senate may deem necessary."
Section 246, covering the Assembly at- :
'■ taches. is amended by adding a lot of !
firemen, electricians and other employes
' and closing with this joker: "And such I
additional employes and attaches as may
be appointed by the Speaker by and with
the consent of the Assembly." It is the i
■ same bill as was introduced in the As- ■
y yesterday. Cutter asked that the ■
i Committee on Attaches and Contingent
'. Expenses, to which the bill was referred, i
consider it the first thing in the morning, i
Boggs of Colusa a^ks the State to ex- j
1 pend $75,000 for the care of the Insane !
prisoners. A bill introduced by him to- ,
day appropriates that sum for the build
ing and maintenance of a State hospital
' on the Folsom Prison grounds for the
confinement and treatment of convicts j
: who have become insane. The bill was ;
sent to the Committee on Prisons.
One of the rawest little jobs that is
likely to crop up during the session was
Simpson's resolution providing for the
purchase of forty-five copies of Henning's '
compilation of the county government act
for the use of members and officers of the
: Senate. The compiler is a Los Angeles |
lawyer and has already succeeded in un- j
loading two job lots of his publications i
on the Senate this session. But, notwith- !
standing the fact that his edition of the'
California Codes of which the Senate pur- !
chased forty-rive copies last week con- I
tains the county government act, together
with all the amendments, he sought,
through Simpson, to unload another lot
of his works at a fancy price. It is not ;
likely that any of the Senators would
have paid any attention to it had not
Simpson insisted upon booming the work
as an absolute necessity to the members. :
Smith of Kern declared that for his part
he was tired of appropriating public
money for increasing the member's law
library.
Davis of Amador called attention to the
fact that the act was printed in full in I
th# edition of the codes tne Senate had '
just purchased. He sarcastically lauded
toe Senator from Los Angeles for seeking
to help his fellow-townsman along at the
expense of the State.
Then Simpson insisted upon talking
some more, despite the apparent weari
ness of his colleagues. He misted upon
their purchasing the work, and babbled
on <inu c.i. The resolution was killed by
a vote of Li noes to 5 ayes.
When the Senate met in the morning
session Doty, who was on the State Pris
ons Committee, transferred with Bettman,
going on the Committee on Municipal
Corporations, while Bettman took his
place on the Prisons Committee.
Stratton presented a memorial from the
Society of Pioneers and other societies of
San Francisco asking the Legislature to
provide for a statue of James Lick in
Goiden Gate Park.
Luchsinger offered a resolution setting
forth the necessity of keeping the navy
yards up to the best possible standard,
and requesting the California Congres
| sional delegation to endeavor to secure the
building of at least one warship at Mare
Island. The resolution was sent to the
Federal Relations Committee.
Leavitt offered a resolution authorizing
the Lieutenant Governor to increase the
Finance, Commerce and Military commit- i
tees by two members each. Referred.
Among the bills introduced during the
morning session was one by Braunhart
providing for the payment of Police
Court clerks of San Francisco of (200 a
month, this to include their whole ex
pense, including stationery, etc. At this
point a recess was taken in order to per
mit the Senate to go into joint session :
with the Assembly to vote for United
States Senator.
After the joint convention the Senate
took a recess until 4:30 p. m. t at which
hour Cutter hart his bill amending the j
Belshaw act ready for introduction.
Dickinson reported from the Special I
Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies that ;
the committee had approved bills amount
ing to $919: that two bills, one for' $41 50 i
and the other for $248 45. were in process '
of adjustment, so that the total expense
to the two houses would not exceed
$12f>S 85, while it might be less. Accom
panying the report was a resolution au- '
thorizing the committee to draw upon the
Benate allowance for $500 at once to pay
the wages of certain laborers. The rules
were suspended and the resolution and
report were both adopted.
Louis Piodo, Pacific X. Troutt and Ed
ward J. McManimon were appointed stat
utory clerks. The resolutions providing
for the payment of $125 for forty-five
copies of the constitution and for the re
placing of locks on the members' desks
were adopted. The sergeant at arms was
instructed to hunt up the furniture pur- j
chased at the last session for use in the
committee rooms, including those noto- i
rious roll-top desks, and have everything
replaced, after which the Senate ad
journed.
BUSINESS DONE IN
THE LOWER BOUSE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA- \
i MEXTO. Jan. 11.— Assemblyman Valen- :
| tine of Los Angeles introduced a bill in !
; the Assembly this morning asking for an
appropriation of $150,000 that California :
j might be assured of having an exhibit at ,
j the Paris Exhibition in 1900 that the peo
i pie of the State will not be ashamed of. '■
I Valentine's bill also called for appoint- ;
■ ment by the Governor of three commis
] sioners, who shall have charge of the
work necessary to the gathering together
; of the exhibit and control of all expend!- ■
: tures. The commission is to be non-parti
san and its members are to be appointed
. one from the northern, one from the cen
: tral and one from the southern part ot
\ the State. The bill is to be of effect im- :
' mediately upon its passage.
Assemblyman Cowan of Sonoma opened
a legislative fight against the further im
; portation of Japanese laborers and female
slaves with a concurrent resolution, the
' text of which is as follows:
"Realizing that the constantly lncreas- i
: Ing influx of Japanese laborers and !
i tradesmen into the United States of
America is inimical to the laboring and
commercial interests of the citizens of the
United States of America, and that Im
portation of Japanese females for lewd
purposes Is a menace to the morals of our j
communities, therefore be It
"Resolved by the Assembly, the Senate j
: concurring. That our Senators and Rep- '
; resematives in Congress are respectfully |
: requested to use their efforts to procure .
the enactment of such legislation by Con- j
gress as will prohibit and restrict the im- :
migration of Japanese laborers and
tradesmen and Japanese females Into the
• United States of America.
"Be it further resolved that the Chief ,
■ Clerk transmit by mail a copy of this
: resolution to each Senator and Congress- :
. man from California."
Cowan's resolution was referred to the
i Committee on Federal Relations, as was
the one which followed it, introduced by
Assemblyman Morris Brooke of Sacra
mento. Brooke's rerent experience with
■ Dan Burns, in wnich the Senatorial candi
date proffered him a gold brick in return
for his vote and threatened political an
i nihilation if he declined, is still a sore
spot with the Sacramentan. He has come
to the conclusion that nresent day Sen- ,
atorial politics is not just what it ought
I to be. and if a concurrent resolution can ;
■ change it he is going to do it. With this
laad&ble obteet In view he followed
Cowan's measure with a similar one. call
ing upon California's representatives in
Congress to use all honorable means to
• bring about the future election of United
States Senators by direct vote of the
people instead of by the vote of the
State Legislature, as at present.
Radclifr of Santa Cruz, who came
pledged to economy, began his campaign
this morning by introducing a constitu
tional amendment that had for its pur
pose the abolition of the State Railroad
Commission. It was given its nrst read
ing and passed to its committee.
There were in all 112 bills introduced,
read and referred to various committees.
Cognizance was taken of the raw scheme
being worked by a San Francisco firm of
attorneys to milk the State treasury of
funds alleged to be due different counties
on back taxes. Assemblyman Wade pro
poses to put a stop to it by means of a
concurrent resolution notifying Boards of
Supervisors that such suits will only
amount to great expense to the taxpayers,
and requesting those who have already
< contracted with the attorneys to repudi- ;
: ate the contract. Dibble of San Francisco !
was of the opinion that a concurrent reso- i
lution would not effect the desired legis- j
lation, and that a bill would be necessary,
but the matter went to committee in the
form In which it was introduced.
At 11:30 o'c'ock a recess was taken for
', fifteen minutes in order to prepare for the
joint session to come on at noon, and
after the Senatorial ballot adjournment i
i was taken on motion of Dibble until to- i
morrow at 10 o'clock.
NO MORE JILSONS
IN THE GRANT CAMP
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Cal.. Jan. 11.— The twenty-seven
Senators and Assemblymen who voted for
U. S. Grant on joint ballot to-day will
vote for him again to-morrow. This is
what they decided to do In caucus to
night. There are no more Jilsons In the
Grant camp just now, and Governor Gage
and the State patronage club cannot be
used for the present to drive any more
of Grant's supporters into the Burns
camp.
All but three of the twenty-seven Grant
men were present at caucus this even-
Ing. Assemblyman Crowder of San Diego
County was sick. Assembiyman Cheyno
with of Orange County was detained on
account of sickness in his family. As
semblyman Merrill was not* there, but he
sent word that he would be bound by the
action of the caucus.
The whole situation was thoroughly dis
cussed by the twenty-four who were pres
ent. Not one of them seemed to be at all
disheartened at the situation as it exists.
After some considerable talk a resolution
was offered and unanimously adopted that
those participating in the conference
wouid continue to vote for Mr. Grant un
til another caucus was called. If at any
time any of the present supporters ot
Grant desire to be released m order to
go to the support of some other candidate
notice is to be given, a caucus will be
called and the legislator desiring to leave
Grant will be released. Mr. Grant ad
dressed the caucus, briefly expressing
himself as highly satisfied with the re
sult of the first two ballots. He thanked
his friends for the support they had given
him. and added that he did not propose
to ask any one to vote for him any longer
than he thought there was a prospect for
him to be elected. If the time ever ar
rived when it was deemed advisable to
withdraw his name. Mr. Grant stated that
he was perfectly waling to step aside and
permit any gentleman they might select
to take his place.
Mr. Grant's remarks were received with
satisfaction by his supporters, and they
all reaffirmed their loyalty to him and
their intention to remain true to his
standard.
The caucus decided to make an effort
to secure an expression of some kind from
the Republicans of Siskiyou county as to
whether or not the action of Assembly
man Jilson is deserting Grant and going
over to the support of Burns met with
their approval.
The caucus then adjourned, to meet
again on the call of any of Mr. Grant's
supporters. His managers were very hap
py at the results accomplished by the
conference, for it was an assurance to
tnem that their strength is not to be
broken for a while at least, and any ad
ditional votes they get to-morrow will
be a net gain. There will be no off
sets by deserting.
Clara Barton tells about the work
of the Red Cross in Cuba in next
Sunday's CalL
STATE PATRONAGE
USED ON JILSON
Hand of Governor Gage Shown in the Fight
for Burns.
All the Influence of the Execative Is at the Disposal
of Mexican Dan to Get Votes, but It Seems to
HaVe Little Effect,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. Assemblyman C. B. Jll
; son of Siskiyou County has made for him
■ helf this day a name and a reputation i
j which will cover the State of California i
! from his home county of Siskiyou, on the !
j north, to the far confines of San Diego, j
and even to the Mexican boundary line on !
the south. But more particularly in the j
j county of San Diego, where Ulysses S. !
i Grant Jr. resides, will Assemblyman Jil- i
I son be known from this time on. Here j
in Sacramento, in the Senatorial head- I
| quarters of this same U. S. Grant, Mr.
Jilson is already known.
Until yesterday Mr. Jilson was highly
thought of by all the lieutenants, cor
■ porals and privates who are handling the
, Senatorial fight for Mr. Grant. He was :
supposed to be one of Mr. Grant's most
i staunch supporters, and was regarded as
true blue. He had been detailed to pre- j
pare one of the seconding speeches to be i
: made In the assembly for Mr. Grant, and !
was to have had his picture taken for the |
purpose of placing before the reading pub- j
lie through the San Francisco papers a
counterfeit presentment of the "brilliant !
I Assemblyman from far off Siskiyou who I
seconded the nomination of U. S. Grant in
a brilliant speech."
But alas! "The best laid plans of mice 1
: and men gang aft agley." So said Bobby >
Burns, and so said the Gran managers ;
; yesterday afternoon. The various nomi- i
; nating and seconding speeches were made ;
in the Assembly yesterday afternoon, and
: the Grant men waited and watched for j
| the prepared effort of Assemblyman Jil- i
• son. But they waited in vain. The gen
: tleman failed to arise and uncork his elo
quence.
Then the Grant men got frightened. !
: Anxiously they waited for the call of the
roll. At last it was reacheu, and as the
clerk called the alphabetically arranged
I list of Assemblymen they held their ;
I breath until he "ot to the letter "J."
; Then the name of Jilson was called and <
! he voted for Grant.
This eased the minds of Milton Green, !
; James Brown and United States Marshal '
i Shine. After all, perhaps there was no i
I ground for their suspicion that the As-
I semblyman had fallen by the roadside in !
the ardor of his support for Grant's can- j
: didacy.
But to-day, in the Joint session. Assem- j
blyman Jilson gave the Grant managers !
I a shock from which they have not yet j
recovered. When his name was reached
: on the Assembly rollcall he cast his vote '■
for Daniel M. Burns. Then- it was that
the Grant people realized their suspicions
, of the day previous as to the loyalty oi ,
'. Jillson were well founded. Nevertheless,
; they were surprised beyond measure, and
after the joint session had adjourned they i
1 sent out an army of detectives to ascer
: ■ tain the reasons, monetary or otherwise,
i that Assemblyman Jilson had for chang- j
■ ing his vote from Grant to Burns.
The one man who is responsible for the ;
i change of the vote of Assemblyman Jilson i
'■ to-day is Hervey Lindley, the ex-Repub- )
1 lican boss of Los Angeles County, who :
! has a large log-rolling plant in Siskiyou \
! County but who is just at present engaged
I rolling logs in Sacramento to secure' the
, election of the man from Mexico. Lind-
I ley is one of the most shrewd political !
wire-pullers in the State, and at no time
■ since his arrival in Sacramento have the :
Grant people had the vote of Assembly
man Jilson.
Lindley called in to assist him in win
ning over the vote of Jilson to Burns Dr.
C. L. Gregory, the chairman of the Re
publican committee of Siskiyou County.
The doctor arrived in the city Monday,
and ever since then he has been working |
with his friend, Assemblyman Jilson, to
! secure his vote for burns. 10-day ue ac
j complished his purpose, and Hervey Lind
i ley once more demonstrated that he has
not forgotten that political cunning and
trickery for which he is noted.
It was the State patronage and the fact
I that, if Jilson continued to vote for Grant
neither he nor the Republicans of Siski
-1 you County would receive any of it. that
, was a powerful factor in the change of
his vote to Burns.
To the Grant people Mr. Jilson gave
: his reason for changing his vote. He told
' them that Dr. Gregory, the chairman
j of the county committee had come to
i him and stated that the Republicans of
I Siskiyou County would approve of his
j vote for Burns, and that if he did so the
I Republicans of that county > would stand
some show of securing recognition in the !
I division of State patronage. But if he
i — -_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Working In water produces Lumbago, pains In the back and Rheumatism.
Hundreds <>f men in this State complain of troubles which are caused by expo-
sure to dampness. My Dr. Sanden's E'.ectric Belt cures all such troubles by
pouring a steady flow of vitalizing electricity through the muscles and nerves
of the back, giving warmth and vigor to them and assisting nature to drive out
the cause of the pain.
"I have been wearing- your Belt for one month, and I find it Is doing me lots of good.
I can do more work now than before and never get tired. I also don't feel any more pain»
I do believe that your Belt is the b^<=t medicine going. I wish I had tried it long before,
Instead of treating with doctors, which did me no good Yours very truly,
'"L. FOP.-ALIN'A. Auburn. Ca!.. Jan. 9. 1599."
I can tell you of thousands of other cures if you will call. You can examine
this wonderful Belt and see how It does so much good. If you can't call, let me
send you my book, "Three Classes of Men," free.
dr,m. a. Mclaughlin * — *
7C2 Market Street, Cirner Kearny, S&n Franoisor NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 33J \V««t Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Second street; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington is never sold in drug stores
street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: nor by traveling agents; only
Dallas. Tex.. 255 Main street; Butte, Mont., at our office.
U0 North Main street, * «
continued to vote for Grant they would
be absolutely overturned when it came
to giving out places at the State pie coun
ter. Therefore Mr. Jilson told the Grant
people that he thought it wise to change
his vote to Burns, and he had done so.
This shows most conclusively that
despite his denials the Stats patron
age is at the disposal of Mexican
Dan and it ■will be used by him to
bulldoze and browbeat every legisla
tor who is vreak enough to be influ
enced by it to his support.
Dr. C. L. Gregory was seen this evening
and admitted that he had made the state
ments accredited to him by Assemblyman
Jilson. He took all the responsibility that
the remarks he had made to Jilson car
rled with them. He said that he had good !
and sufficient reasons for stating that it
Jilson continued to vote for Grant. Siski
you County Republicans would never for
a moment be considered by Governor
Gage in passing out State jobs. This. Dr.
Gregory said, he did not like, and he
therefore thought it wise for Jilson to
come over to the support of Burns.
Dr. Gregory was very frank to admit
that General Barnes, Grant and Irving M.
Scott had many admirers among the Re- ,
publicans of Siskiyou County. He said
that he did not think there was any cry
ing demand on the part of those Repub
licans that Burns should be elected Sen
ator. His opinion was that they would
be satisfied with any good man.
It will therefore be seen that the State
patronage and its dispensation is the club
that has been used to whip Assemblyman
Jilson into the Burns column.
The hand of the- Governor of California
is apparent in this little deal, and it is
useless for him to attempt to disguise or
cover it. The Grant men have not alto
gether given up hope as far as the vote
of Assemblyman Jilson is concerned. He
has told them that in a day or two he
may return to his first love and again vote
for' their candidate. They do not, how
ever, place very much faith in his prom
ise. He has fooled them once and they I
do not intend that he shall repeat the of
fense.
The Grant people from now on will take
good care of their supporters and will see j
to it that those who are liable to b* sus
ceptlble to the influences that might be i
brought to bear upon them by Burns and
his touts are given every protection that H
close watching will throw about them.
Those who are regarded as somewhat ]
weak in their support of Grant are being
watched from the time they rise in the
morning until they retire at night. Any
attempt made to reach them will be re
ported at Grant headquarters, and then
the Grant Assemblyman or Senator who
is being tampered with will be placed on
his guard.
BULLA WORKING HARD
TO BRING ON A BREAK
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 11.— Senator Bulla has re
ceived assurances from the eleven legisla
tors who are casting their ballots for
him that th*>y will continue to vote for
him until they notify him that they have
decided to change their votes to some
othei candidate. No such notification was
given tins evening, so for that reason he
feels confident that the eleven votes he
had to-day he will have to-morrow, with
possibly one or two more. The Bulla men
do not oxpect to accomplish anything
• -;. much in the way of additional votes
until after the break comes. They do
not look for any break to-morrow, but
they are working to bring one about. They ,
have a hard job on their hands and they
realize it. They are still laboring to se
core all the pledges they can for Bulla as
second choice.
George A. Knight has changed his mind.
He had decided to drop out of the con- >
te?t for three or four ballots. But to-day '■
he lost thirty-three and a third per cent ■
of his strength, for one of his votes went
over tn Grant. So this decided Mr. Knight
to change his plans. He will remain in
the fipht now. he says, for every ballot
to the TiniFh. He has a large consignment :
of liehtning-rods with htm and each day :
;>oses to hang them out in the hope :
thai >>r.e of them will reach at some stage
in the fight, if neither Grant nor Burns
are to win.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-♦-O-4-O-^-O-*- O*-O-*-O -♦- O-»-O-»O-«-O-»-O-»-O>-
I BLOOD POISON, I
5 " o
♦ AH Contracted Ailments of ♦
9 M.n, and i>ervous Debility O
I PERMANENTLY CURED
* By a Successful Medical In- ♦
? stitution Which Has Been O
o Established i ..- Morj Than ♦
» Eighteen Years. °
° A FAIR PROPOsTnON BY RELIABLE °
o PHYSICIANS. o
♦ DR 4
♦ «£l3§?^^^^* ;^ V^t life-long study
° f^^ 1 & ra^ uat « from o
* ' >i^^ft I Jfc medicines i n O
O *//ksß!n* ! !/\ '^raf^S, tne wor^: a 'l ♦
* JbxSus^t J arC s P eciallsts O
♦ is undertaken. O
% NO PAY TILL CURED, %
# BETTER THAN A GUARANTEE.. ♦
o PUT THE MONEY IN BANK.— Pa- *
tients who have the least doubt about V
J being cured may deposit the price of a ♦
■r cure In any bank or with any well- y
♦ known business houfe or newspaper in ♦
9 San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be O
♦ paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the pa- ♦
O tier.t is convinced that he is perma- q
♦ nently cured.
O If patients prefer they may take the o
+ treatment on the installment plan, cr V
q they may pay the entire price for a cure *
direct to the doctors and thus obtain a °
♦ liberal discount. ♦
0 Prices reasonable in all cases, whether o
♦ rich or poor. 4
° All Cures as Lasting as Life. O
I DR. METERS & CO., I
0 " o
♦ 731 Market St., Baa Fr»n;i3oo. ♦
5 Hours. S to 5 daily. O
T Taks Elevator. Evenings, 7to 8. ♦
0 Sundays, 9 to 11. O
!♦ ' ♦
-♦-O+O-»-G-*-O-«-O-»-O -♦- O-»-O^O -*-O-^O^-O-»'
REFEREE'S SALE,
WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE.
AT AUCTION
BT ORDER SUPERIOR COURT.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1899,
At 12 O'Clock, Noon, Sharp,
1 AT OFFICE OF
MADISON & BURKE,
626 Market Street.
Polk-street business block, Noa. 1781 to 1713
! Polk street, between Clay and "Washington. A
solidly built building containing fifty-six rooms :
| three large stores with rooms in rear; fine con-
Crete basement, with sidewalk elevators. Polk
' street is the finest business street west of
I Kearny.
Size of lot 63:10x123:6.
Use P**&i 8e
Woodbury's (*«>**§ Woodbury's
Facial Soap, Facial Cream.
Speedily cures chapping, chafing 'and all skin
irritations, prevents wrinkles, blackheads and
pimples. Send 10 cents for Beauty Book, and
receive sample of each free. JOHN H WOOD-
BURY, 26 W. 226. St.. New York, and 163 State
St., Chicago.
Any Eyeglasses Fitted
With Our New Clip
That Don't Slip
For 50 Cents.
Oculists' Prescriptions Filled. Factory on
Premises. Quick Repairing. Phone, Main 10.
Opticians ko^ a gency ;
642 Market St.
x Chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
gooooooooooooooooo
l w PALACE w|
%GRAND hotels a
q bah rivA/rc/aco, 2
Connected by a covered pa«t&c«w*7. Q
£ MOO Rooms— 3OO With Bath Attached. O
9 AU Under One Management. Q
D HOTt THS PRICKS: a
B BBropc*n Pl»n.ai.OO per flay and tqnr«r<l !T
■» American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward O
JJ) Correspondence Solicited. A
Q JOS7 0. liaSPATaiCK. Xu*(«r.
qlo ooooooooaooooooo
><f jSfta^ Dr. TV'ong Him. No*.
• /^Sils^a 115 and 11T Mason street.
Kst£ Ki '*iSl Ban Francisco. Cal.—
IK? " J is to certify that I have-
jßyg* I been for several years
WT~ i •■ great sufferer from
TftEC^ J Bright' s Disease of the
AllTv^ 1 I Kidneys, a tumor in the
jJaSsiIZ / left side and other dis-
jE&dr^l*' Etc». eases incidental to '»-
jff&ZS&zJ^&S?^ males; that I have for
" tiS;?SS'l9SSlrali^ weeks and months at a
■ '^a«CT»LH»i^W time been totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the bed. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
Kour medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; am fully able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children; indeed, for the past 13 or 20
years I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE,
3571 24th street. San Francisco. Cal.
October 18, 1898.
D&MCNULTY.
riiHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1- Special lstcure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over experience.
Patients curedai Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dßlly;6.3otoB;:iO ergs. Sundays, Iotol2. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. CiJl.oraddress
P. ROSCOE JIp.VILTY. M.D.
2G J . Kenrny St., San Francisco. Cal.
. —
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisine and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRCNE, Agents,
323 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
HOITT'S SCHOOL
Has removed from Burllngame to Its . new
home at Merilo Park. San Mateo County; ac-
credited, and prepares boys equally well for
business; next term begins January ISth, 189*.
IRA G. HOITT. Pn. D.. Principal.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
56
THURSDAY JANUARY 12, 1899
JOHN D SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W, S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mark«t and Third St»-, S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main :574.
T.HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 'DAILY AND SUNDAY! It i
terved by carriers In tr>)» city and surrounding towns ;
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL, 16 paftes One year by mall. $1 !
OAKLAND OFFICE °O8 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* Ho««« j
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building j
C. GEORGE KROGNEB6, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— SI 7 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 oXlock- !
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market 1
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2519
Mission etreet. open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh) i
»treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open !
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ant ;
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- |
AMU::t MtNTa
Columbia— "The Man From Mexico."
California— "Pudd'nhead Wilson."
Alcazar— "The Magistrate."
Tivoll— "The Yeilow Dwarf."
Hi roaco'i Hi Henry Minstrels.
■Orpheum— Vaudeville,
Comedy— "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
The Chutes— Mail. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla — Coiner Mason and Ellis streets, Specialties.
Central Park— The Steeplechase.
" llngleMde Ra-»t rack— Races To-day.
- Sherman -Clay Hall— Geromo Helmont, Violinist, Tuesday
evening, January 17. . — .
AUCTION SALES.
-. <$c Rurke— Tu"i=day, January 17, at 1! o'clock.
Rfai Estnt-. Nt 626 Market st
THE BLACK LIST GROWS.
WJ HEN The Call published yesterday morning
a'" list of the men who had so far forgotten
themselves as to vote for Dan Burns for
United States Senator, there was reason to suppose
the black array complete.
Nobody dreamed that any other member of cither
House would so far forget his honor, his duty to his
Constituents and to society as to voluntarily sign the
roll of dishonor. Yet Jilson of Shasta has done this.
He has bartered his reputation for a vain hope, and
has joined the forces of Burns. There is not much
to say. The only necessity is to publish the black
list again, adding to it this new name. Here is the
li«t as it now appears:
SENATORS. -
Bettman, San Francisco.
Burnett, San Francisco.
Hoey, San Francisco.
Laird, Shasta.
Leavitt, Alameda.
Shortridge, Santa Clara.
Wolfe, San Francisco.
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Arnerich, Santa Clara.
Barry, San Francisco.
Beecher, Shasta.
Cobb, San Francisco.
Devoto, San Francisco.
Dibble, San Francisco.
Henry, San Francisco.
JILSON, Siskiyou.
Johnson, Sacramento.
Kelley, Alameda.
Kelsey, Santa Clara.
Kenneally, San Francisco.
Lundquist, San Francisco.
McKeen, Alameda.
Miller, San Francisco.
Pierce, Yolo.
Rickard, San Francisco.
Eugene Sullivan, San Francisco.
There is no pleasure in adding to the catalogue of
political infamy. What may have been the induce
ment to Jilson tt) annex himself to the number al
ready branded matters not. The fact appears that he
has done so, and no explanation will in any measure
shield him. He has defied the warnings of the peo
ple of the State. He has cast his lot with the des
;/cradoes of politics. He can expect no forgiveness,
and he has cut himself off from the possibility of
favors.
Perhaps the list will grow, but space is ample.
Every man who joins the Burns forces shall have ad
vertising free. It has been said from the beginning
that whoever switched to the tenderloin gang after
the first vote would be regarded as worse than the
original int. Jilson is first. Xe\t!
STILL DRIVING NOILS.
THE Examiner is in a bad way. It has ostcn
tattously ceased to publish the news. On Tues
day it omitted Senator Hoar's great speech.
Yesterday it catered to domestic taste in two pages
on Sharkey'i victory, and declared editorially that it
was "first not only in news, but in fiction," from the
last clau«r o! which assertion there will be no dis
sent. It failed, however, to print any portion of Sen
;uor Mason's splendid argument against imperialism,
which, even in the Senate Chamber, excited the ap
plause of spectators and received the congratulations
of thr Senators. By this time the world has read the
substance of that argument, but not in the columns
of the Examiner. Young Mr. Hearst is evidently
very busy driving nails, which he supposes to be pass-
ing through the American flag, but which in reality
ar<:tightly closing up 1m own journalistic coffin.
The Examiner still continues to call attention to
the claim of being the only paper in a position to
#ive all the Sacramento news, but neglects to back
this up by giving the news.
There ought to be an understanding with the next
Arctic explorer that the relief business had been
flayed out. He ought to provide himself with a self
rescuing apparatus.
. According to a dispatch Mrs. Charlotte Smith is
again on the warpath in behalf of the "sex to which
she. belongs." Which sex is that?
If Grant is to be beaten, a regrettable feature of the
case Kill be the chance it will give Gaee to crow.
GAGE PERSONALLY AFFRONTED.
THE new Governor of the State may not realize
that he has placed himself in a position which to
any other man would be embarrassing. He had
declared that a vote cast for Grant for Senator would
be regarded by him as a personal affront. It was not
a proper thing for a Governor to say, and there was
at first a doubt, but Gage reiterated the statement, nor
seemed to know that he had violated any canon of
good taste.
Now the Governor has been affronted. He has
! been affronted by twenty-eight Republicans. They
i have dared to vote for the man for whom, with an ar
! rogance unparalleled, he had forbidden them to cast a
] ballot. True, Jilson recanted and went over to Gage's
! man Burn?, but the executive will had been defied,
j the executive temper ruffled, and whether Jilson will
1 be able to find his way into the sunshine of executive
I approval remains to be decided. The value of bask
| ing there is a problem, anyhow. If to secure the
benediction of the Governor one must be a Burns
man, and receive the condemnation of the honest peo-
pie of the State, the happiness can hardly be worth
the price.
Twenty-eight personal affronts constitute a con
siderable dose. As an antidote is the comforting fact
that twenty-five members of the Senate and Assembly
have indorsed Burns, the man who is backed by
every corrupt influence of the State, from the gam
blers, headed by Gunst, down to the railroad com
pany, which draws its inspiration from Huntington
through the instrumentality of Herrin. He has on
his side the telephone company, every swinish cor
poration, every organized enemy of the people. Let
him be consoled. Those who fear the wrath of the
Governor are naturally trembling. Those who re
gard his blows as the taps from a distended bladder
are watching with interest to observe the fall of his
vengeance. Can it reach beyond the haughty stare
and the portentous frown? Are honest legislators to
be swept from public life by a scowl or chased into
seclusion by the hostile squeak of the gubernatorial
boot?
Because the Governor entertained a distaste for one
member of the Associated Press he had caused every
paper in California great inconvenience. It is not im-
J proper to remark that this distaste was mutual and
that there is a cheering prospect of its remaining so.
Nevertheless the retaliation was too comprehensive
to be fair; it was on the Chinese system of punish
ing not alone the offender, but all his relatives and
associates. If he carry the same scheme into effect
j among the legislators none will escape. He will de
vastate both houses as a malady, and the tombstones
erected over political ambitions will gleam white and
terrible under the searchlights of history, a warning
to the indiscreet statesman not to monkey with the
I buzzsaw, a silent and lasting testimonial to the awful
ness of the implacable wrath of a Governor in war
paint.
Gage has twenty-eight marked for slaughter, but it
is to be hoped that he will spare the twenty-five inno
cent lambkins gamboling and bleating at his heels,
himself their guiding star, and Burns the gentle
shepherd with more than one crook.
THE SOLANO MURDER MYSTERY.
WHILE our contemporaries are seemingly in
capable of doing more than report the Sena
torial contest at Sacramento or prize-fights in
New York, The Call, without neglecting either of
these things, and while giving them all the space
their news value requires, carries on extensive work
in other fields and gathers for its readers all the news
of the day.
A striking illustration of this was shown yesterday
when The Call scored an important scoop by giving
a full account' of the arrest of William J. Miller,
charged with the murder of Daniel H. Wilson, an
aged rancher of Solano County, whose tragic death
constituted one of the most mysterious crimes that
have puzzled detectives. With the report of the ar
rest was given a full account of the crime, together
with the testimony which directs suspicion toward
the arrested man.
The crime was committed in October, 1896, and for
two years the authorities worked in vain to discover
the assassin. Step by step, however, the trail was fol
lowed, and one by one facts were discovered which
when taken together form a strong chain of evidence
against Miller. The Call, in its wide search for news,
learned of this evidence, and was therefore prepared
to give the whole story to the public as soon as the
climax was reached by the arrest of the suspected
man.
The story was unquestionably the most important
Californian news item of the day. It throws Hght
upon one of the most mysterious crimes of recent
years and discloses facts which promise to bring to
justice the perpetrators of the deed. Its publication
by The Call, while no other morning paper had it,
is another of the many illustrations given of late of the
superiority of The Call's news service over that of all
of its competitors.
THE IMPORTANCE OF FORESTS.
BY the appointment of a committee to urge upon
the faculties of the State University and of
Stanford the establishment of a chair of for
estry in each of these institutions^the State Board of
Trade has taken action upon a subject of vast and in
creasing importance to the people of California.
The time has conic for us to do something for the
protection of our forests, and one of the important
steps in that direction is to provide for scientific edu
cation on the subject. A liberal provision has been
made for such study in New York at Cornell Uni
versity, and a large area of forest land has been placed
at the disposal of the faculty so that the experiments
may be carried out upon an extensive scale. Califor
nia has an even greater need than New York to pro
tect her forests, and ought, therefore, to be at least
equally vigilant in preparing to do so.
In the current number of the Atlantic Monthly
President Eliot of Harvard, in an article on the "De
structive and Constructive Energies of our Govern
ment." after pointing out how much more money is
expended for war purposes than for the development,
improvement and protection of our industrial re
sources, makes a strong plea for a comprehensive
system of forest preservation, and notes that the ex
perience of other nations has already demonstrated
that well managed national forest reserves not only
pay their expenses but yield a revenue.
"Any one," says President Eliot, "who has trav
eled through the comparatively treeless countries
around the Mediterranean, such as Spain, Sicily,
Northern Africa and large portions of Italy, must
fervently pray that our own country may be pre
served from so dismal a fate. It is not the loss of the
forests only that is to be dreaded, but the loss of
agricultural regions now fertile and populous, which
may be desolated by the floods that rush down from
bare hills and mountains, bringing with them vast
quantities of sand and gravel to be spread over the
lowlands."
The experience of all lands shows that the protec
tion of forests is one of the most important charges
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANVAIIV 12, 1899.
j resting upon the governments of civilized people. In
j our own country very little has been done either by
the nation or by States to fulfill the duty this respon
sibility imposes. We have not even protected" the
forests from wasteful fires, though, as President Eliot
says, "the experience of Canada has proved, under
conditions analogous to those which exist in our own
territory, that forest guards and patrols can do much
tc keep down fires, even in the driest seasons."
In the meantime, while the importance of forest
protection is being urged upon the States and upon
the nation, it will be well for our universities to be
gin to give scientific education upon the subject.
Sooner or later the work of forestry will have to be
undertaken on a large scale, and there will then be
needed men who understand it. When that time
comes it should not be necessary for us to have to
send abroad for experts to take charge of the work,
', We should have the men at home. Berkeley and Stan
ford, therefore should begin the training as promptly
as possible.
THE members of the Legislature who are sup
porting Burns for Senator are perhaps in that
hardened condition that makes them insensible
to the greatness of the trust which their action be
trays.
It is the practice of some of them to say that Burns
must be "vindicated" against the abuse of the press.
This is idle talk. It would be far better to point out
anything untrue that is said by the press. Every word
published in The Call about Burns is taken directly
from the public records. His default as County Clerk
of Yolo County and as Secretary of State is a matter
of public and judicial record. His arrest and convic
tion of crime in Mexico are of judicial record there.
Who will arise in the Legislature to deny these j
records or explain them away?
The legislators who feel no aversion for such a
record, and who propose to send to the United States
Senate the man who made it, are assuming the gravest
lof responsibilities. The safety of the public funds,
the money of the people, depends upon the honor
and honesty of a large number of fiduciary officers.
When the duplex infidelity of Burns to a like trust is
1 condoned by sending him to the Senate, the safety
of every dollar in public custody is imperiled. If the
people of California treat the embezzlement of public
funds as so light a thing as not to bar the officer re
sponsible for it from election to the United States
Senate, any latent germ of dishonesty in every such
officer is quickened into life. The honest man in an
office of financial trust feels that the line between him
and the dishonest man has not merely been sponged
out, but that whatever high reward is in prospect is
easier within the dishonest man's reach. The guar
dians of public morality feel keenly the conseqtfences
of such action as the support of Burns. They feel
; that it is a distinct discouragement of personal and
| official honor and honesty, and encouragement of de
[ falcation, embezzlement and theft in public station.
It is not abuse of a candidate for the Senatorship !
to publish his record. But it is abuse of the legisla- ;
tive office to brazenly support a man whose record j
when so published reveals a career of official and
business dishonesty. Will the list of such legislative \
betrayers of a trust grow longer or shorter as the bal- j
lcting progresses? Will the ranks of those who pro- '
pose to glorify the embezzlement of public money and
approve the rank betrayal of official trust increase or j
diminish? Will those who propose to put the Repub
lican party in a position which it cannot defend, I
and which will defeat it until the foul act is forgotten, j
stand by the position they have taken, or will they
save the honor of their State, the credit of their party !
and their own names from infamy by retreating while j
there is yet time?
EVASIVE BEEF CONTRACTORS.
AS was to have been expected, the testimony of
army officers concerning the vile nature of the
refrigerated beef furnished to the army during
the Cuban campaign has roused all the great meat
-1 packing houses of Chicago, and they are now busy in
| putting before the country a vast amount of evidence
i tending to prove that their meat is altogether whole
! some, and that even when it looks bad it is really
good.
One of these gentlemen, in referring to the rej,ort
of the army inspectors that much of the meat fur
nished the troops had "a green beard" on it, said that
the wholesalers who supplied the best hotels in Chi
; cago received an advance price for "aged" beef after
it had accumulated the "beard," and that beef was
better in every respect after being aged. The state
ment will no doubt be something of a surprise to the
j patrons of the Chicago hotels, and is calculated to
I increase the consumption of bacon and other forms
, of meat that do not grow a beard before being served.
It is further asserted that the Secretary of Agricul-
I ture, in order to relieve the strain on the trade, pro
, poses to make an investigation of various brands of
refrigerated beef sold in the American market or pre
pared for export. The object of his investigation is
to prevent as far as possible any injury to the meat
trade, honestly conducted, by exposing that which is
bad.
That some action of the kind is necessary is not to
be denied, for already the disclosures made concern
j ing the "embalmed beef" have seriously affected the
demand for refrigerated beef, and officials connected
with the Department of Agriculture are quoted as
saying: "The attacks made on the beef, even if not
sustained, will cost the meat interests of the country
an amount equal to the entire war. and furnish ma
terial in the future for the opposition of those coun
tries which have been all along fighting the admission
of American beef products."
All of these investigations tending to relieve our
! beef trade of suspicion are excellent in their way, and
will have the approval of all classes of the American
people. It must be borne in mind, however, that they
do not affect the issue raised by the reports from the
army. It has not been stated that all refrigerated
beef is bad, but that the beef furnished for the troops
wzs bad, and that issue is not to be met by evidence
showing that Chicago hotels prefer to have beef with
?. beard on it, nor by further evidence that as a rule
the beef is good.
The testimony of General Miles and his officers is
! th;it the contractors supplied the troops at Tampa
inri at Santiago with beef that smelled like an em
balmed body, that it tasted bitter and foul, that when
boiling it emitted a sickening odor, that the troops
could not eat it, and that large quantities of it were
dumped into the sea because it was worse than no
food at all.
That outrage against the army is one the American
people will not condone merely for the sake of hush
ing up a scandal against the beef trade. We are a
commercial people, it is true, but we are also a pa
triotic people, and are not going to permit a white
wash of contractors who in their greed and reckless
ness were willing to poison hundreds of soldiers by
supplying them with vile beef when these same con
tractors were being paid high prices by the Govern
ment for good meat.
All that the people of this country can learn about
Dreyfus is that they cannot learn anything about him.
c TRUST BETRAYED.
IMPROVEMENT
IN THE WORLD
OF REALTY
Records Show an
Advancement.
MANY SALES ARE NEGOTIATED
ADVENT OF RAIN BRINGS UNI
VERSAL ENCOURAGEMENT.
A Glance at the Records, New Build
ing Contracts, Recent Sales
and General Random.
Notes.
Realty during the past week has shown
perceptible signs of improvement. Sales,
although not unusually large, are becom
ing more numerous and are showing a
tendency toward greater values.
Probably the greatest encouragement
that could possibly come to both city and
country property-owners is the recent
rainstorm, it has revivified the crops,
which means a prosperous year to farm
ers and the ultimate payment of mort
gages. Although the real estate Interests
in the city will not experience, to the
same extent, the beneficial results, still
it cannot possibly help showing an im
provement.
According to the monthly real estate
circular of Thomas Magee & Sons the
total number of mortgages for this city
during the year of 1898 was 2602, with an
aggregate value of $10,154,754. Th,e savings
banks, according to the same authority,
loaned $$,325,281 on city real estate during
the year and released mortgages thereon
amounting to $6,229,618; the net amount
loaned by them over the releases was
therefore only $2,090,663, or, if what the
three banks loaned is counted, it amounts
to about $40,000 each per month only of
new money.
As Quoted from the circular the number
and value of the real estate sales made in
the city and county of San Francisco in
the year 1898 was only 2646 with a total
value of $10,747,104, against 3215 sales of the
value of $12,993,025 in 1897.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the past week there were fifty-threa
mortgages and trust deeds recorded, amount-
Ing to an aggregate value of $207,020. For the
same period thirty-two releases and reconvey
ances parsed to record In the total sum of
$78,017.
The principal trust deeds and mortgages are
as follows: By the Hlbernia Savings and
L< an Society to Ellen W. Nichols, $9000 for one
year at CU per cent on property in the Western
Addition block 393, situated on the northeast
corner of Pacific avenue and Pierce street, east
37:8 by north 127 :KV*; by the German Savings
and Loan Society to John and Ada M. Hinkel,
$40,000 for one year at 7 per cent on property
In the tiO-vara block 244, situated on the south
east corner of Leavenworth and Jackson streets,
south 37:6 by east 275; by the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society to Christian, Catarina and
Christian H. Westphal. $23,000 for one year at
6 ! 2 jier cent on property In 50-vara block ,
the 100 block Jftii and the Western Addition
block 87S, situated respectively on the south
easterly line of City Hall avenue, 200 feet
southwest of City Hall square, on the south
westerly line of Sixth street, 75 feet southeast
of Brannan southeast l"0 by southwest So, and
the southerly line of Fell street, 137:6 feet east
of Pierce, east ."j by south 137:5; by the
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to the
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco,
$30,000 for one year at 6>s per cent on property
situated on the northerly line of Eddy, 76:8
feet west of Scott.
The [irlnclpaj releases and reconveyances were
recrded as follows: From the Hibernia Sav
ings and Loan Society to Isidore Merle, $S.W)
on property in Mission block 2, situated on the
westerly corner of Natoma and Eleventh
streets, southwest S)0 by northwest 55; from the
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Mary B.
Taylor, $SIOQ on property in Western Addition
blocks S3O and MS, situated respectively on the
northwest corner of Clay and Locust streets,
west 68:9 by north I27:8»i, and the southerly
line of Clay street, 106:4 feet west of Cherry;
from Robert W. W. Cryan by Henry Matthew,
attorney to Emma F. and Frank L. Parker.
$14,500 on property iltuated on the southeast
corner of California and Powell streets.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Westerly line of Taylor street. 137:6 feet
south of Turk, west S2:»i by south 45:6 — All
work for an electric elevator, except studding,
plastering and metallic lathing ; owner, Michael
Heffernan: architect, T. J. Welsh; contractor,
\V L. Holman; cost, J2ISS.
Northerly line of Oreen street. 120 feet east of
Buchanan, east 25:4''s by north W — All work
for a two-story frame building (flats); owner,
Nathan Corinson; architect. Henry Oeilfuss;
contractor. W. Horstmeyer & Co.; cost $3H3.
MERCHANTS DENOUNCE
EXAMINER METHODS
SCORCHING RESOLUTIONS BY THE
GROCERS' ASSOCIATION.
The Yellow Sheet's Position on a
Certain Bill Scored as Dis
honest and Contrary
to Public Welfare.
Long and emphatic were the denuncia
tions of "Examiner methods" indulged in
by the members of the Retail Grocers' j
Association at their annual meeting held
last night at B'nai B'rlth Hall. Over a ;
hundred of the leading grocers of the city j
were present, and eaoh man had a com- i
plaint at the way in which the Examiner
had lied about the purport of the bill the i
Grocers' Association, together with thu
Butchers' Board of Trade, intends to pre
sent to the present Legislature.
The general opinion, as expressed by
many members, seemed to be that the
Examiner was seeking to gain a little ;
fake prestige by working on the sympa
tblea of 111-informed people with false |
statements as to what the merchants
wished.
The following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Whereas, the Examiner has falsely stated
that the Retail Grocers' Association and the
Butchers' Board ol Trade are working tor tin
passage of a bill to revive the infamous pr&c
ttce of Imprisonment for debt; and, whereas,
both aB good and loyal citizens anj from self
interest, we would be the first to oppose a
measure that would tend to brand a man as a
criminal because of poverty and that would
take away the wage-earning capacity of the
poor man; and whereas, a man unable to pay
hiß bills through misfortune or otherwise
could not be imprisoned anri would not be af
fected in the least by our bill; and whereas,
the bill we are urging would only tend to >-n
force payment from thos<- who can pay but
will not, and is now working to great ad
vantaee in the State of Massachusetts; ami
whereas, the Examiner, by its false and will
ful mtPßtatements of what we ask in our bill
has inflamed the mlmls of many unthinking
and 111-informed people with the result that
our labor In securing the passage of this bill
will be made greater; therefore, he it
Resolved, That the Retail Grocers' Associa
tion condemns the position of the Examiner as
being:
First— Dishonest, in that it misstates the
true purpose of the law.
Second— Contrary to the public welfare in
that it champions the cause of dishonest peo
ple who use the present lax laws to escape
the payment of their bills; and be it further
Resolved, That the retail merchants all oter
the State be urged to withdraw their support
from this sensational paper which, to
temporary prestige with ill-infnrmed people,
denounces us for. attempting to do an evil act
we never contemplated and loudly boasts of its
friendship fo rthe people in heroic-ally defend
ing them from a peril that does not exist; be
it further
Resolved, That while we favor advertising,
we protest against the methods of this malo
dorous example of the "new journalism,"
which seeks to gain some little advantage for
itself by sacrificing the welfare of the mer
chants of the entire Stn.te.
Commissioner Bidwell Here.
J. E. Bldwell and wife of Chicago are
at the Palace. Mr. Bldwell, who is a
brother of Police Sergeant Bldwell of this
dty, la one of the most prominent citi
zens of Chicago. He is one of the three
Commissioners of Railroads and Ware
houses. He was appointed two years ago
hv Governor Tanner to this Important
"!!•., aml will bo rrappointed Jignln to- j
tlii.\
Mr. BldWCll Is (inn of thcTUa; I" nir.
which quartet Includes ex-Blayoi swift,
Otorre R, Davis and Mr. l-nruar. Vot
eight years Commtssionar Bldtrell was a
membei of ihr city Council as an AJder- I
in. in. i he served continuously o» the
Finance < ommittee, At present )'■<• Is here
for his health. Ha will teave or Sunday
for the houth. Mr. Bldwell is at present
engaged in the coal business in Chicago,
where he Is m th<' head of one of tlie
largesi wholesale houses in that city.
On his arrival here Ire was entertained
nt the residence of his brother. He Is a
pleasant conversationalist, and ■ % . eption
ably well Informed on all subje. ts.
AIDED HELPLESS CHILDREN.
Splendid Record of the California
Humane Society Last Year.
The annual meeting of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children was held yesterday and the fol
; lowing trustees and vice presidents were
elected: Trustees— Charles Sonntag. B. P.
Flint, George A. Newhall. A. Roman, C. |
E. Worden, John A. Shoobert. John F. !
Merrill, L. F. Monteagle. Francis H. Pit
man and G. Palache. Vice presidents—
j A. B. McCr.-orv, Lloyd Tevis, James B. j
! Hogan, Alvinza Hayward, D. O. Mills. Ol- ;
i iver Eldridge, William F. Whittler, P. B. i
Cornwall, H. L. Dodge, F. A. Hihn. I
George C. Perkins, John P. Jackson. Al- i
exander Boyd. Levi Strauss, John D. j
Thompson, Thomas Magee, L. H. Swee- ;
ney, W. B. Burrell, William M. Pierson
and John R. Spring.
The report of Secretary Parnell showed
the following business "was attended to :
last year: Complaints received. 1031; In-!
vestlgated, 972; children Involved, 2071;
prosecutions. 147; convictions, 93; children
relieved, 1429; placed In institutions, 322;
placed in families, i!»7: cases referred to
, charitable institutions. 67. To-day the
! trustees will meet and elect the officers
and attaches of the society for the ensu- j
; ing year.
STANFORD PARLOR
EVOLVES A NEW IDEA
JOHN J. LERMEN AT A BANQUET
TALKS OF THE FUTURE.
Pleasant Gathering of Natives That
Followed the Installation
of Officers.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, Native Sons of
the Golden West, has evolved a new idea j
with a view to bring itself and the other
Native Sons into deserved prominence, j
and that idea was publicly announced j
last Tuesday night at a banquet given j
after the Installation of the following j
officers for the present term by District i
Deputy Grand President L. W. Cobble- |
dick, assisted by Henry Lansing, D. D. G.
P., as marshal: John J. McCarthy, past
president; D. A. Curtin, president; Will
iam A. Deane, first vice president; Will
iaqi 11. Dick, second vice president; Will- !
iam F. Humphreys, third vice president; ;
Fred H. Jung, recording- secretary: Joseph j
G. Cox, financial secretary; Frank Ecken
roth, treasurer; William D. Hynes, mar
shal; E. H. Hammer, outside sentinel; T.
F. Noonan. outside sentinel; Judge Frank
H. Kerrigan. J. J. Lermen and A. F.
Schleicher, trustees; Dr. A. H. Glannini,
Dr. A. R. Bryant, Dr. Charles Clark. Dr.
H. Kugler, Dr. Alfred McLaughlin and
Dr. Fred B. Sutherland, surgeons.
At the banquet there were present about
150, Including several specially invited
guests. Dr. A. H. Gianninl was introduced I
by President Curtin as toastmaster, and
after a few well-chosen words by way of
introduction proceeded at once to call
upon those who had been selected to re
spond to sentiments, giving the members
and guests an opportunity to partake of 1
the good things laid before them and at i
the same time listen to oratory, for within ]
its membership Stanford Parlor has a
number of "natural born speakers. "
Occupying seats of honor near the I
toastmaster were Sheriff H. S. Martin ,
grand treasurer of the order and a prom
inent member of the parlor, physically
and fraternally; Grand Secretary Lun
fttedt, Judge J. E. Barry, John J. Lermen
secretary of the Yosemite Commission-
President Curtin. District Deputy Cobble- ;
dick, Past President McCarthy, District
Deputy Hy Lansing, Past President J. j
W. Lewis, C. H. Stanyan and Dr. W. H !
Seiberst.
After an overture of popular airs by the
orchestra W. W. Finney favored with
vocal selections, winding up with "Just
One Girl," all present joining in the
chorus; Past President McCarthy re
sponded to "Our Coming Celebration '
and called attention to the fact that the.
members of the parlor had subscribed to
a fund to make a first-class showing dur
ing the celebration in 1900; that the mem
bers were paying their subscriptions in
installments, and that he felt sure that
Stanford Parlor would be a shining mark
in the grandest demonstration ever
planned in California. A quartet composed
of \V. J. O'Brien. C. Hanley, Ben Tarbox
and F. K. Thompson rendered Beveral
choice selections, after which Mr. Lermen
explained "The Future of Stanfojd Par
lor."
It was in substance that the parlor has
appointed a committee consisting of thf>
speaker as chairman, Rudolph Herold and
Henry 8. Martin to arrange for the re
ception in the future of persons promi
nent in art, science and literature by the
parlor so as to give them an idea of what
the Native Sons are as an organization,
and in that way place the parlor on a
high plane and at the same time extend
the fame of the order beyond the con
fines of the State. The speaker said that
Leland Stanford, from whom the parlor
took its name, had, by his interest in the
cause of education, established a world
wide fame and that there was no reason
why the parlor in branching out into a
high field should not become famous.
Then followed responses to toasts by
District Deputy Cobbledlck, Henry S.
Martin, Judge Barry. Grand Secretary
Lunstedt and W. J. Demartinl. the pres
entation of a handsome diamond-set
badge to retiring Past President Lewis,
a clever skit in verse by W. D. Hynts,
who supplemented with stories, and a
bright quarter of an hour with Judge
Kerrigan, who, railed upon to respond to
"The Ladifs." told many witty things,
but never nnce referred to the toast sug
gested by the toast master.
GOOD NEWS FROM
THE PLAYHOUSES
The coming week promises a great deal
in the way of comic opera attractions. At
the Columbia our old friend, Frank Dan
iels, whom we have yet to greet as a
comic opera star, opens a season, during
which he will produce "The Idol's Eye"
and "The Wizard of the Nile," both com
posed by Victor Herbert and both East
ern successes of the first rank. Not to be
behind hand, the Tivoli will open the
new week with "The Wedding Day," a
comic opera by Julian Edwards, com
poser of "Brian Boru," that was played
for two seasons in the East by the
Lillian Russell-Delia Fox-Jeff de Angells
Company. In the meantime Willie Col
lier in "The Man from Mexico" Is crowl
ing the Columbia, and "The Yellow
Dwarf" is furnishing a good run at the
Tivoli.
One of the best of the American plays
of local color is "Pudd'n-Head Wilson."
which is receiving a careful production in
the California at tin; hands of Edwin
Muyo and his excellent company. The
original "Yon Yonson" comes next week.
"The Magistrate" is doing well at the
Alcazar, and will give way Monday to
the long-promised production of "A Tem
perance Town."
The Comedy Theater Is offering "Uncle
Tom's Cabin." with the John F. Stowe
Company. Gottlob and Marx have the
house next week and offer "Tennessee's
Pardner," an attraction originally billed
for the Calif ornin, but now unavoidably
side-tracked on account of the Baldwin
fire.
The Hi Henry Minstrels finish a fort
night's run with the Sunday night per
formance, after which Morosco's closes i
for repairs.
Paplnta, in her dazzling dances, and
Barton Hill and other legitimate players
in a one-act farce are the stellar features
of a good Orpheum bill.
Big Judgment Entered.
A default judgment was ordered en
tered by Judge Belcher In favor of the
Hobart Estate Company and against
Evan Williams for $25,000 and interest,
being on a note issued on June 14, 1895.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
F. H. Grant of Singapore is registered
at the Palace.
F. A. West, a wine man from Stockton,
Is at the I'Hln.- .■.
W. R. Carithers, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, is>U the Li'-k.
Attorney a. C. Huston of Woodland is
staying at the Grand.
William B. Trowhridge of New York Is
a guest at the Palace.
R. M. Mestress of Monterey is regis
tered at the Occidental.
H. A. Morrow and wife of Sydney are
KUestß at the Occidental.
Mr?. C. D. Edinbefg and child of Syd
ney are at the Occidental.
W. K. Parsons and C. I. Tuttle of Salt
T,nke are at the Occidental.
State Senator S. fS. Andmus of Pasa
dena is staying at the Palace.
Ex-State Benator C. C. Voorheis of But
ter Creek is a guest at the Palace.
H. Praed and James Paterson, both of
London, are guests at the California.
Mrs. Spencer Ashlin and Miss Isabel
Ashlin. of London, are at the California.
Douglas S. Cone, a banker and large
land-owner of Red Bluff, is at the Pal
ace.
F. C. Berry, E. E. Bush and Frank
Keller, miners from Selma, are staying at
the Lick.
E. D. Olmsted and wife of Spokane ara
at the Lick. Mr. Olmsted is the Mayor of
Spokane.
E. S. Moulton of Riverside, who deals
extensively in oranges, is registered at
the Palace.
James A. Kennedy, a business man of
Honolulu, was among- the arrivals yester
day at the Occidental.
W. C. Heffelfinger of Los Angeles and
W. J. Heffelflnger of Stockton are
among the guests at the Grand.
Lieutenant Colonel A. N. Sandilands,
of the British army, who h*s been sta
tioned for some time in India, arrived at
the Palace yesterday. He Is merely tour
ing for pleasure and will Bhortly return
to India.
Corporal Norman Lewis of Company C,
First New York Regiment, returned yes
terday from Honolulu on the Marlposa
with thirty-three men of the regiment.
They will at once proceed to their homes
in the East.
Signor Roma, Minister from Guatemala
to the United States, arrived yesterday
on the Colon from Panama. He was ex
tended the courtesies of the port. Minis
ter Roma will at once proceed to Wash
ington to assume his duties.
Captain Hooper of the United State*
revenue cutter Hugh MfcCulloch, brings
the disappointing news that when Admi
ral Dewey returns to this country it will
be by the way of the Suez canal. The
admiral wishes to avoid the long sea voy
age that he would have to take If he re
turned via this city.
Lieutenant Horace S. Rumsey, Company
L, First Missouri Regiment, is a guest at
the California. Lieutenant Rumsey is no
longer in the service. He has served in
the National Guard of Missouri for seven
years. During the last war he was on the
staff of Colonel Edwin Batdorf. He was
in camp at Chickamauga and from what
he has to say it is evident that the men
at Chickam&uga were subject to the same
trials that aroused so much comment re
garding Camp Merritt.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— James A. Pearce
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman. J,
Irving Crowell of Los Angeles is at the
Imperial.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
On Wednesday. January 4, Court Twin
Peaks installed the following officers for
the current term in Twin Peak's Hall: S.
McDonough, P. C. R.; W. B. C. Carpen
ter, C. R. ; A. Cairns, S. C. R. ; A. Smith.
F. S. ; "W. T. Pelvin, R. S.; W. T. Ham
mond, T.; W. J. Clinton, S. W.; F. A. Ir
vine J. W. ; W. M. Tench, S. B.; L.
Fletcher, J. B.; P. Koppen, F. W. Dulfer,
W. L. Harden, F. Heigel and D. H. Wul
zen, trustees; J. Ernest, W. D. Marden
and W. C. Jamison, auditors; Dr. J. H.
Soper, physician.
Court Oak Grove on the night of the
election of its officers initiated three can
didates and received two applications.
This court will give its anniversary ban
quet in February.
The officers of Court Sherwood Forest
were installed last week by the board of
deputies. The same night the officers of
Court Star of the Mission were installed
by the same officers.
The board of deputies, assisted by the
high chief ranger. Max Boehm, installed
the officers of Court Mazzlni, and after
the ceremony there was a banquet. This
court has 135 members, and $1000 in its
treasury.
The High Court officers Installed the
officers of Court America last Friday
night In Mission Masonic Hall.
THE JUNIORS.
California Commandery will hold high
jinks on the 17th inst. when the third de
gree will be conferred. A committee ia
making arrangements for the comman
dery- Jubilee in February.
Monroe and Yosemite councils have ap
pointed committees to arrange for n val«
entine p&rty to be given in February.
Grand Lecturer Squires of San Jose will
lecture on "An American and His Coun
try" before Logan Council on the 20th
George A. Custer Council at its meeting
last Tuesday received two applications,
after which "the following officers were in
stalled for the ensuing term: J. Gilbert
son C; J. P. Thomas, V. C: O. M. Bul
lock A R. S. ; Ray Felton. W. , H. Rem
son C; E. M. Felton, I. S. ; B. F. Rowe,
O. S. A letter from a member of the
council named Waters now at Manila was
read and listened to with interest.
Cal. glace fruit 50c p*t lb at Townsends.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien**), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Mn "WHeherly— They say Mrs. Dick
son has recently become very economical.
Mrs. Larrison— Yes. she's carrying it to
an txtreme, it seems to me. I hear that
she's even trying to get her husband to
let his whiskers grow, so as to save
laundry bills.— Chicago News.
Persona afflicted with dyspepsia, diarrhoea or
colio will find immediate relief and sure cur«
in Dr Slegerfs Angostura Bitters.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES SICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A de
ligJittul herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion or
money refunded. At Owl Drug Co.
Ask a woman for a reason
And the dear soul, I am told.
Ten or fifteen always gives you —
Every one as good as gold.
—Chicago Record.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
mecacers to health of the present day.
woY»t bakino reopen CO., new YORK." |THREW OUT A
SCORE OR MORE
OF BALLOTS
Sensation in an Elec-
tion Contest,
BYINGTON'S PLACE IN DOUBT
MAY NOT BE CONFIRMED SU
PERVISOR OF THE SEVENTH.
Eichard P. Doolan Abandons His
Contest Against Martin Frag
ley, While Death Puts an
End to Meagher's.
The- dull mor. h has marked
various election contests wi; -
Judge Belcher during
: Dr. Peter A.
Kearney against Louis F. Byington. The
over the Superviiorship. The
ith ward and now gives promise of
B.the n • exciting ever held in this
city.
• This do\ r the ruling of Judge
Kelcher that all ballots in which the
p of the voter was plac< - I
:.k line an . which the
•of Pistoles! was written in were
fp.valid and must b.> cast out. Attorney
•
.Judge, unexpired term, and at his instance
his- friends to the number of
line which
rrar Bij?gy left on the ballot as pro
vided by law.
Twenty-two of these ballots were
it in four preo ■• rday,
c end is not yet. According I
Judges ruling it will be necessary to
■-s every vote cast in the city. Mr.
Byington'B righ- In the board is
thus questioned. Registrar W. J. Biggy
was publicly complimented for the con
dition in which the votes were found.
•R. P. Doolan has thrown up the sponge.
f his -
igainst M. F. ; ■"■ ■ r the .
- Superintendent of Streets was
and Pooian must await another j
y for the realization of his am
week Judge H^bbard has
ance.
. - nat Doolan
Y.bM g.iinecl nin< t was all, and
was through voters' mis!
. • - r;r.p irregu-
I it forth i: petition for
lalize and he de
.' c'tde/i. to ■
olan's attorney stated that the in-
Ich the recount was
' unda
■ a dismissal be
rdered and
- re at an end.
DEATH ENDS THE CONTEST
OF MICHAEL MEAGHER
The Democratic Candidate for County
Recorder Succumbs to a Short
but Severe Illness.
'.. ; ITon. Michael Mfagher died yesterday ■
morning', after a short but severe illness.
Although he had been ailing for some I
time, it was only about ten days since !
that his ailment assumed a serious form j
aY a's to cause him to absent himself from j
attendance at his office.
?an Francisco
le of the history of
. nd after a few yf-ars settled
I in. Inyo County, and in 1867 and 1868 repre-
L sented the three counties of Inyo, Mono
51 and Tuolumne in the State Legislature.
'^Subsequently, during the administration
• ' of Governor Haight, he was a notary
public' .for this county. Afterward he
s}>ent several years in extended travels,
' and, returning to San Francisco, he de
• .voted himself to the care of certain prop
. erties of magnitude, which prospered un
der his skillful management. In 1594 he
waa ■ I by the Democratic con
troller, and received
a lar. — -ring In the gen
: : - • arty that
■ t the ] '•■mo
••- for County Recorder, and
to success as to justify a
■■ . which will now necessarily tenni-
The deceased was held in high esti
all who had the advantage of
• -intance with his moral worth, high
iture, charitable dis
nd civic vir
was .1 native of Ireland, 62 years of
• • br -hers. William and Thomas
■ Mrs. Margaret
■ vive him.
FIGHTING ATTORNEYS' CLAIMS.
Baldwin Still Bothered With the Old
Lillian Ashley Case.
.'•• E. ;J.- Baldwin has serious objections to
..paring ,his attorneys for their services.
This was shown by an action brought for
th«. purpose of obtaining relief yesterday:
.in.-'-th? Supreme Court against Attorney j
'■■Roache,. County Clerk Deane, Sheriff j
■Xartin and Superior Judge Hunt. When j
"l-Ulraa Ashley sued "Lucky" for damages }
•tifcon the charge of seduction Baldwin I
: wiiS: represented In court by Attorney j
"HenryE. Highton. It was in that action
" that the owner of the late Baldwin Hotel !
L testified that his reputation was such in I
■.'this, town that no female should be j
"ia.k€h in" with anything he would tell
. -h^v ;rn the course of his love affairs. But i
• vh&t fs nothing in the present action.
•• When the Ashley suit was ended High
.ttm.-was. unable to fr«"t his fees for his I
E«rrtce's' and he assigned the claim to At
••.tQrney A. C Roach-, who brought action
Baldwin for the full amount. ;
£6113;; He won the case and an execution
ifKuirst the loser followed by order of
:.IV-jKo'Hun;. In order to secure a stay of
'proceedings Baldwin yesterday petitioned I
f.tjje Supr<-m« Court for a writ of super- !
•..seceaa. This was granted and the matter
".pet for hearing in Department 1 on Febru- i
.•airy 6... i
For a Pacific Cable.
■ rday
I ■
■ t of a 1
ilgr iipport: "The Chamber of Comm.-rce
of .San, Frani^inoo has to-day resolved to
respectfully ask your assistance in hav
hi?T the proviso Inserted into any bill that
rr.-^V he "passed providing for a cable from
the Pacific Coast to the Orient, via the
Hawaiian "and Philippine Islands, that
JSQCh cable should be manufactured in the
United" S'.atf-s by American manufact
urers. '.'•
".Facf *.' it Champagne.
G.'H.-.MUXar?! EXTRA DRY Is made
from choicest grapes and first pressings.
Its "frnp'orts in ISSS were SC.SSS cases, or
C2.G49 jhore than any other brand. Bottles
will b£ar grer-n neckband and star label •
• ■' .Poolsellers Arraigned.
John
and John A. Barr, poolsellera
-
.. morning: They pleaded not t
a jury trial. The
Four mo:
. ■ • iy. They .
3 I 'ster
- Kcs.
Enjoins the School Board.
Miss Emily Dyer, a teacher in Washing
ton Evening School. . sued out a writ of
injunction yesterday against the Board
of Education to prevent the members
from dismissing her from the department.
Dr. George C. Pardse.
Eye. Ear, Nose and Throat, has removed
to Chronicle building, second floor. •
ARRAIGNED FOR
THE MURDER OF
JIM GALLAGHER
Complaint Against J.
Flynn Sworn To.
POLICEMAN HAD TO DO IT
PRELIMINARY EXAMINATION
COMMENCED.
Delia Richardson Tells of Angry
Words Between Flynn and
Gallagher Prior to the
Shooting.
The difficulty In the murder case of John
Flynn, saloon-keeper, was overcome yes
• morning by Policeman D. E. Bax
ter swearing to a complaint before Judge
m charging Flynn with the crime.
Baxter was the officer who arrested Flynn
in his saloon shortly after the shooting,
and, besides, the shooting took place on
his beat.
Flynn was formally booked on th«
charge, and appeared for his preliminary
examination yesterday afternoon. He
was arraigned, and J. X. E. Wilson an
nounced that he represented him. Prose
cuting Attorney Wentworth conducted the
ution. The courtroom was crowded.
Dr. Zobt'i of the Receiving Hospital
Bed to James Gallagher being brought
to the hospital on New Year's morning
suffering from a gunshot wound, from
which he died. He did not probe for the
bullet, and consequently did not know its
course.
Delia Richardson, 1055 Howard street,
the star witness, testified to being in Sul
livan <si Raggett's saloon on New Yea.ru
morning with Flynn ar.d Gallagher. Flynn
d her to sing and Gallagher ob
:. She left the room where they
she feared trouble. Then sha
I a shot and went into the saloon,
and Jerry Sullivan told her it was noth
left the room again and heard
shot, and on going back once
mure she found Gallagher stretched on
his back in the room partitioned off the
. Blood was on his face. She asked
him who had shot him and he tried to tell
her, but she could not make out what he
said. She went into the saloon and asked
Sullivan and Flynn if nothing could be
done for '•Jim," and Sullivan told her to
stop her "hollering" and Bomethlng would
be dor.-*. A hack was called, and she,
Gallagher and another man were driven
to her mother's house, where Gallagher
had a room. There were several people
in the saloon when the shots were fired.
lw "Captain" Baunders and "Billy"
:;al«l, known as "Snapper." there,
she <iid not know any of the others.
□ and Gallagher also -had words
her drinking too much eggnog. She
did not see a revolver. In the hack she
again asked Gallagher if Flynn had shot
him. but he did not answer. On being
L 6 said he might have answered
-se W. Corbell, a stenographer, tes
. t<> being In the saloon where the
I shooting took place New Year's morning.
t there at the time of the
tins', but he heard Flynn and "Billy"
McDonald quarreling, and Flynn shoved
Mi Donald. Gallagher interfered to pro
tect McDonald.
Mrs. Mary J. Richardson, mother of
Delia: John Rudolph, a roomer in her
house; John T. Flynn. the driver of the
hack; Policeman Baxter, the arresting
r, and Policeman Cooney were ex
amined, but their evidence was unimport
ant. The case was continued until this
afternoon until 2 o'clock.
VOGELSANG
A BENEDICT
A Quiet Ceremony at Grace
Church — Cinder el las
Meet.
Alexander Vogelsang, attorney and Fish |
and Game Commissioner, was married j
yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock to Miss
Fannie Johnson, daughter of the late J.
M. Johnson. It was a very quiet wed
ding, and only the immediate relatives
assembled in Grace Church to witness the
nuptial ceremony, which was performed j
by Rev. Dr. Foute. Fred S. Johnson, j
brother of the bride, gave her into the j
keeping of the groom, and Charles Vo- i
gelbang officiated in the capacity of best
man.
The bride wore an elegant black tailor
made gown, lined with white satin. Her
hat was a stylish black chenille, walk
ing shape, and trimmed with a bunch of
black plumes.
Mr. and Mrs. Vogelsang left yesterday
afternoon for Coronado, where they will
spend their honeymoon. On their return
they will reside at the California Hotel.
The second meeting this season of the
fashionable Cinderella dancing class was
held last evening at Native Sons* Hall.
The attendance was gratifyingly large.
The patronesses of the class, Mrs. E. E
Eyre, Mrs. Charles de Guigne. Mrs. Gor
don Blandlng, Mrs. Percy Moore, Mrs.
Robert Coleman, Mrs. A. E. Head, Mrs.
Charles Josselyn, Mrs. Charles Page, Mrs.
Austin C. Tubbs and Mrs. Joseph A.
Donohoe, acted as a reception committee. ;
The Mystery cf Tokio, a capital
Japanese story, by Masu Miyakawa
and Robert Duncan Milne, in next
Sunday's Call.
Heard With Closed Doors.
When the case of Charles Scott, a col
rr.an. charged with grand larceny,
came up for preliminary hearing before
Judge Slogan yesterday, Attorney Gal
lagher, for the defendant, made the ex
traordinary request that the case be
heard with closed doors. The Judge had
no recourse but to agree. Scott was em
ployed as a nurse by Mrs. Madge Gray,
liV'4 . - ■ r crippled Bon.
■ as divorced from her husband about
two months ago, and Scott w^.s a witness.
:.ad b^«n recommended to her by
_• '.".. Morse. About ten days ago
ccasion to go downtown, and
 keys with Scott, as painters were
working in the hnust-. When she re
turned she met Scott, who was nervous,
and he asked her leave to go away for an
She gave him permission, and
as he did not return she became suspic
ious and discovered that he had broken
open a box and stolen $500. She notified
dice, and Scott wa.s arrested In Los
Angeles and brought bark to this city.
The day after his disappearance she re-
I from an expressman a silver watch
Bcott had returned and also a note
in which he admitted stealing the money
and threatened to kill her if she said any
thing about it. Attorney Gallagher at
tempted to besmirch Mrs. Gray's char
but was angrily stopped by the
Judge The defense will be that Mrs.
save Scott the money for being a
bs in her divorce suit. The case will
be continued on Saturday. ,
No one will use a fountain pen after try-
Ing a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
In the Divorce Courts.
Albert White has been granted a dl
v.jp c from Lucy F. D. White on the
ground of extreme cruelty. William M.
Knnx wes granted a 'divorce from May A.
Km.x by Judge Hebbard yesterday on the
ground of Infidelity. Ella Hartnup has
William A. Hartnup for a divorce,
alleging failure to provide. Ella Clements
I for a. divorce from Frederick
W. Clements on the ground of desertion.
1 m ■ — —
Advance" made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mi»sion.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THFESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1809.
WILL BE THE PASTOR
OF BROOKLYN CHURCH
Rev. Hugh W. Fraser, Formerly a Missionary
to China, Receives a Unanimous Call.
THE members of the Brooklyn Prebyterian Church, East Oakland, met
last evening and extended a unanimous call to the Rev. Hugh \V. Fraser of
the Olivet Presbyterian Church, Minneapolis. Minn., to become their pastor.
This is the pulpit vacated six months of more ago by the Rev. S. 8. Palmer,
when hn accepted a call to Columbus, Ohio.
Mr. Fraser was a minister in Oakland during 1 the month of December, and
occupied the pulpit during his stay. His delivery is of a conversational style, en
tirely extemporaneous but very forcible. He Is said to be an equal of Dr. Coyle
of the First Church in delivery. The call was made on recommendation of Rev.
C. C. Herriott. who has known Mr. Fraser and his work for years.
Mr. Fraser was born in Nova Scotia, X. 8., thirty-fight years ago. He was
graduated from the Manitoba College and Theological School, at Winnipeg, and
began his clerical labors at Fort Williams, Manitoba, where he remained two
years. He then went to China as a missionary under the American Board, but
his health failed after three y?.r< w>rk and he was compelled to return to his
native country. After a short pastorate at Morehead, Minn.. Mr. Fraser was called
to Minneapolis. There he had a church of 400 members, with a Sunday-school
of 500 children. He has been there four years, and is spoken of in the highest
terms.
The Brooklyn church officials feel confident that Mr. Fraser will accept the
call and remove to this State at an early date.
TO PUT NEW LIFE IN
AN OLD LOCALITY
A MOVE TO REVIVE BUSINESS
NEAR THE WATER FRONT.
Modern Buildings, Streets and Sew
ers for What Was Once the
Wholesale Section.
A movement is on foot, backed by some
of the wealthiest property-owners in the
city, to revive the old wholesale district
lylr.g east of Kearny and north of Cali
fornia streets. An important meeting to
this end was held yesterday in the Mills
building and an organization which will
likely to be called the "Central North End
Improvement Association" was created.
Henry P. Sonntag presided and Edgar
Painter acted as secretary. Mr. Sonntag
stated the objects of the gathering and
what is desired to be accomplished. He
said that several years ago the district
mentioned was the wholesale center of
the city, but that it has been allowed to
get behind the times. The assessed valu
ation is about J00.0U0.000 and the property
is owned by about 960 people, the majority
being the wealthiest in the State. For all
that the district has been allowed to* go
to decay in the matter of streets, sidewalks,
houses, etc., and the district is assessed
as high as in its most prosperous days.
Rents of all kinds have gone down to
almost nothing.
The chairman said that in view of the
recent addition of Hawaii and the other
Pacific territotries the water front of this
city is soon to become very valuable and
property adjoining will increase in value
( orrespondingly. If the property-owners
will act in concert in the matter of get
ting modern basalt and bitumen pave
ments, good sewerage and sidewalks,
(>an up the old buildings and put in
modern improvements and get the rail
road to extend an electric line into the
district there is sure to be a good demand
for what is now not paying taxes. Mr.
Bonntag said that he is Informed that the
increased shipping, resulting from l.'ncle
Sam's recent acquisitions, will bring many
new business houses into this city and it
stands to reason that this naturally fav
ored district will again be the wholesale
locality if the owners will put their
premises and streets in order.
After deciding to set the old historic
district on its feet again the meeting
ted the chairman to appoint a com
mittee of five to frame a constitution and
by-lawa for the new organization. The
body will consist of a president, three
vice presidents, a secretary and an ex- ■;
tlve committee of eleven. The latter will
: divided into committees on public
improvement, private Improvement, judi
ciary and legislation. Quite a number
signed the roll and the secretary was di
d to see about 400 property-owners
who have assured the promoters that they
will join the association. The dues of the
small owner? will be about $1 per month
and th>^ larger in proportion. The pro
priety of asking the Legislature to grant
a franchise for a belt railway line around
the water front was discussed ar.d left
over until the next meeting.
Ladies' tailor-made suitH., Fur rapes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rr.thschiLJ. 211 Batter st . r. 8 and 7.
New Officers.
The following named have been in
stalled as officers of California Lodge No.
1 of the I. O. O. F. by E. G. Harrison,
D. D. G. M.: H. Luke, J. P. G.; A. G.
Clark, N. G.: H. L. Todd, V. G. : T. p.
Lahertv, R. S. : H. S. Jonea, W. ; William
Trotter, C. : *H. W. Nowell, O. G.; T. R.
Mann, I. G.; P. J. Millctt, R. 8. N. G.:
E. E. Raymond, L. S. N. G. ; J. H. Han
son, R. S. V. G.; R. C. Gunnison. L. S.
V G.; A. P. Shumaker, R. S. S.; A. W.
Williams. L. S. S.
The Jewish Ladies' Council has elected
the following named for the ensuing term:
Mrs. I. Reiss, president; Mrs. Daniel S.
Davi3, vice president; Mrs. Abram Alt
meyer, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
Isaac Frohman, recording secretary; Mrs.
Morris Getz. treasurer. The council dur
ing the past year distributed 900 new gar
ments, 2000 yards of material and 600
pairs of new shoes to deserving persons
in need of such. The council has a mem
bership of nearly 300.
District Deputy G. W. Keeler has in
stalled the following officers of Bay City
Lodge. I. O. O. F., for the current term:
J. L. Regensberger, N. G. : S. Meyer, V.
G. : Theodore Steiner, R. S. ; J. Elsasser,
F. S.; A. Steiner, T. ; M. Goldman (P. G.t,
W. : If. P. Wolf (P. G.), C; L. Schultz,
O. G.: L. Cook, I. G. : Thomas Elam (P.
G.), R. S. N. G.; J. Wehle (P. G.), L. S.
N. G.; L. Jonas, R. S. V. G. ; H. New
burgh, L. S. N. G.; L. M. Mendelsohn,
R. S. S.; Henry Stern. L. S. 8.
DARING BURGLARY
ON HAVES STREET
BUTCHER STORE OF GEORGE E.
GOLDEN LOOTED.
Thieves Lighted Candles and Worked
With No Apparent Fear of
the Police.
A daring robbery occurred during the
early hours of yesterday morning in the
butcher store of George E. Golden, 572
Hayes street. Although the articles tak
en are not of great financial value their
loss is keenly felt by the proprietor of
the store, and the fact is also evident that
the thieves must have worked at least
thirty minutes in the store where they
could plainly be seen from the street.
The thieves entered the store by cut
ting away the wire netting which has
been substituted for glass In one of the
front windows in order to Insure good
ventilation. They then took almost every
thing movable out of the store, even to
the scales used for weighing the meat. A
quantity of Swiss cheese, hams, smoked
beef, as well as some fresh meat and a
new rubber coat belonging to Mr. Gold
en were carried away. There is a safe
in the back part of the store, which is
never used, and the door stands open.
The thieves pulled all the drawers out of
this and threw them on the floor. That
they worked openly is shown by the fact
that candle grease was pkmifullly scat
tered over everything and themudd'y foot
prints indicate that there were several
men in the store.
It is supposed that the burp'.arv oc
curred at about 3 o'clock in the morning, '■
as the people living upstairs say chat they
heard some one moving around in the
store at that hour. As the noise cont,
for a long time they did not suspect any- '<
thing out of the way. Where the police
were at this hour is a mystery. It was j
raining heavily at the time, anci It is just
possible that the guardians of the peace
bad found shelter from the downpour.
Mr. Golden thinks the burglary was
committed by one of the gangs of hood
lums which infeat the back alleys in that ;
part of the city. He does not believe they
had a wagon, but is of the opinion that
the plunder was carried away in sacks.
The matter was reported to the police
and a promise was made that it would
be fully investigated. Mr. Golden would j
appreciate an explanation from the of
fior who was supposed to be guarding :
property at that hour.
«■«
NOTEJ3 OF THE WEATHER. [
Storm Has Caused Heavy Bain in All
Parts of the State.
Professor Hammon said yesterday that '
the storm which has been raging for the !
past two days has caused heavy rains !
throughout the entire State. -with ;
snow in the mountains above 2500 '
feet elevation. The storm, which was at
fint central off the coast of Oregon, has
been apparently divided. A part of it
moved southeast and la now central in
Western Arizona. The remainder has
moved northeast and is now central In j
British Columbia.
The heaviest rainfall reported Is at Red •
Bluff, where about five inches fell dur
ing the storm. In Southern California
nearly two inches has fallen. It has
been impossible to get the customary re
ports on account of the high winds which
have blown down the telegraph lines
From the data that could be obtained,
however. Professor Hammon says thai'
judging from the barometric conditions'
which prevail, the storm will remain with
us and there will be shower? to-day with
brisk to high southeast changing to >
southwest winds.
The rise in the Sacramento River is '■
still going on at Colusa, and there was
seventeen inches of water In the chan
nel yesterday. Unless heavy rains should
continue there is no danger of an over
flow.
The minimum temperatures reported
were: San Diego. 52; Los Angeles and
Yuma, 46: San Luis Obispo and Sacra
mento, 42; Red Bluff. 40: San Francisco
and Fresno, 44; Mount Tamalpais. 3&
A Double Crop of Apples.
On a Long Island farm Is an apple tree j
which bore two crops of fruit the past year, i
and the farmers are taking unusual interest
In this peculiarity of nature. Ju?t as much
interest has b»-en shown In Hostetter's Stom
ach Bitters, which has the peculiarity of cur-
Ing dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation and
blood disorders that other remedies fail to
benefit. In chronic cases it rarely fails, and it ■
cures whenever a cure Is possible.
THE EIGHTH
WILL LEAVE
THE SERVICE
Men Want to Retire to
Private Life.
BUT THE OFFICERS DO NOT
COL. HENSHAW TRIED COL. BER
RY'S PLAN TO NO PURPOSE.
Major General Shafter Will Arrive
Here Next Tuesday and Relieve
Major General Merriam
of the Command.
The fate of the Eighth California Regi
ment has been decided. It Is to leave the
service without having had the honor of
smelling powder or facing the enemy. A3
recently predicted in The Call, the regi
ment is to be mustered out without delay.
When the order first came from the War :
Department to Major General Merriam !
ordering that the regiment be mustered ;
out, Colonel Henshaw protested on the !
ground that a majority of the officers and
men preferred to remain in the service.
Following the example of Colonel John R.
Berry of the Seventh California Kegi
ment he invoked the aid of Senators
White and Perkins, with the result that
General Merriam was ordered to take a
poll of the regiment for the purpose of ;
ascertaining the wishes of the men of the
regiment. The poll showed that while a :
majority of the officers desired to remain
in the service, the men were almost unan- j
imous in the wish to be mustered out.
There will be no delay in mustering the :
regiment out. Captains Pratt and Danes
of the Third Artillery and Captain Tay
lor of the Fourteenth Infantry will per- !
form the work. The different companies !
will be mustered out at the various sta
tions at which they are now serving.
Major General Merriam and his aid.
First Lieutenant John B. Bennett, will j
leave next week for Denver. It was ex- j
pected that Major General Shafter would |
have been here on Tuesday to assume i
command of the department. General
Merriam received a dispatch to that ef
fect from him last week, but for s<..me
reason his departure from New York has
Let-n delayed until to-day. General Mer
riam said yesterday that General Shaf
ter would arrive here next Tuesday. He '
will as soon as he arrives assume com
mand of the department.
The Twentieth Infantry will not arrive
here until about the 25th inst. The trans
port Scandia will not sail until the 27th,
as she cannot be got ready before that
time. It is not thought that any more
regulars besides the Twentieth Infantry
will be sent to Manila from this point for
the present. The Morgan City, which will
sail with the Scandia, may be used to
bring back returning volunteer troops, '<
possibly a portion of the First California
Regiment.
THEY TOUGHT TOR COIN.
Two Alleged Amateurs Attempted a
Hippodrome at the Merchants'
Club.
If the Merchants' Athletic Club, with
headquarters on the corner of Davis and
Washington streets, intend to continue
giving members' monthly boxing enter
tainments it must keep a close watch on
the hippodromers.
Last evening Billy Otts, the young man
of curly locks and effeminate features, at
tempted to pull off a little prearranged af
fair with the assistance of an ex-messen
ger boy known as Jack Kenny. The last
named would-be boxer was billed to meet
Otts in an eight-round contest, but he
considered that one round would satisfy
the spectators and he gently dropped to
the floor just before the gong announced
the end of the first engagement. Harry
McGinnis. the referee, quickly detected
the fraud and he announced it a "no con.
test" and declared all bets off. The con
testants—supposed to be amateurs— it is
alleged were rignting for $250 a side, and
on this account some interest was taken
in the contest. A pickaninny pool selier.
who is seldom heard of in the sporting
world sold pools on the fake with Otts
a favorite at 10 to 3. The newsboys un
derstood how the saheme was arranged
and they- plunged on Otts. when much to
their disgust the referee declared all
bets off.
After a few friendly bouts between
members, Dick O'Mera and "Doc" Fiynn
boxed six hard rounds and Flynn was de
clared the victor. This was the only re
deeming feature of the show.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and c^ld tub baths. Saltwater direct fromowan.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The officers of Eureka Circle were in
stalled January 5. A collation followed
the ceremony. .
Golden Circle will have its officers In
stalled on the loth inst. It will give a
party on the 14th inst.
The officers of Pride of the Forest Cir
cle of Oakland will be installed jointly on
the 10th inst with the officers of Court
Advocate. It Is expected that the grand ,
officers will be present.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER
i Elec- 4*&^K Doctor
Itricity JT A Swean s
or m » Combined
Medicine » *£*$ Electro-
When Bl PI Medical
Used V&» ,«&£*< Treat "
I Alone iMMP^L.. meat
Oten &sM.~,*.,.sm. Never
Fails. mss3i~j%m Fails -
DOCTOR SWEANY'S
COMBINED TREATMENT
-OF THE GREAT CURATIVE PQWERSL
Never Falls to Cure Any Curable Disease.
This treatment combines the two greatest
factors of the healing art— Electricity and
Medicine. Electricity is the acknowledged j
greatest power on earth. Its current put'- life j
and strength into whatever it touches. When ;
used alone it has a very beneficial -effect on
many diseases, but when scientifically com-
bined with the proper medicines and adminis-
tered by an experienced and competent physi-
cian, cures are effected when all other
methods had failed.
: MY NEW COMBINED TREATMENT
Restores lost vigor and vitality 'to weak men.
Organs of the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indis-
cretions are restored to perfect health and
EirmKth through this new and original sys- :
tern of treatment. RUPTURE cured by this
new method, without knife, truss or detention j
from work, a painless, sure and permanent !
cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele, swelling- and
tenderness of the glands treated with unfail-
ing success. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
In any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. LADIES will receive special at-
tlon for all their many ailments. WRITE if
you cannot call. No charge for advice by mall.
He will also send you a valuable book, "Guide :
to Health," free of charge. Address F. 1,. :
SWEANY. M.D.. 737 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. [ - , ■
TO KLONDiKERS.
Advertiser will share on mutual terms his In-
formation of GOLD FIELDS in mild climate
with 2 or 3 men of moderate means. Address
box 1349. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
Headache?^-^
gJBSk I a fkj HiP^*^^«iNe> The Ideal French Tonic
Since 1863, Endorsed by Medical Faculty
immediate lasting efficacious agreeable
- ===== « = == '\
HELPS/ >©\ \a NON-
where/ /^o\ \IHTOX-
CTMC * S / Ae&Spbl \kamt
FAIL Jr JKmW&BeSJB \
over-worked business men, pro-
fessional men. and all others sub-
ject to great mental and physical
wear and tear, should always use
this never-failing vitality restorer.
Stands alone in its vivifying, nutrl-
fying and force-producing powers.
Contains highest percentage of
Malt nutriment.
all wwaiinn.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE.USA.
Louis Cahen &c Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. _^
TRrtDE/VtrtßK..
"PEGAMOID"
The Latest and Best European Discover/.
' We Invite the Upholsterer, the Furniture
Manufacturer, the Trunk and Valise Makers,
the Painter and Decorator, the Contractor and
Builder, the Shipowner and Yachtman to Ex-
amine
PEGAMOID LEATHERS and PAINTS.
Come and See a PEGAMOID ROOM.
Write for Catalogue and Sample Book of
Leathers.
WESTERN AGENCIES CO .
61 and 62 Chronicle Building,
San Francisco, Cal.
Health is Wealth.
H erv PBAiN
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
THE ORIGINAL. ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
lasoldnnder positive Written Guarantee,
bjr authorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory, !
Dizziness. Wakefulncea, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
I 71033, Night Losaes, Evil Creams, Lack of Confi-
dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessi7O U>© of Tobacco, Opium,
! or liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for fa; with -written euarantee'to
cure or refund money, sample pack-
age, containing five days' treatment, with fall
instructions, 25 cents. One s&ciple only Bold to
each person. At store or by maiL io. _i ;
jfg££S&Eirned Labo! Special i^§»2*
LgWm Ex*™ Strength. ||§vO
fSkdrncd Label Lose cJmT<rw
2} Extra Strength.
!y For Impotcncy, Loss of^yf s '-^r f|
jB^y9ivr Power, Lost Manhood, \1 . JIM,
"r^&Sj»s Sterility or Barrenness^, gi/**/
•^j^^jfateSl a bos; six for $5, withj*JN^g<
*f -.vritten guarantees* ; |».\£K,
■ '** J^_ to cure in 30 daje. Atstore**? ' 2«L v
BE FORE by nail. AFTER
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sale Agts.. ;
114 Kearny St., San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
A GREAT BIG SUCCESS.
As Immortal as the Declaration of Independ- |
ence!
THE JOHN F. STOWE BIG SPECTACULAR
PRODUCTION OF
UNCLE TOM'S CABIN.
The Only Legitimate Organization Now Prop-
erly Presenting This Ideal American Drama.
20 COLORED 40 PEOPLE M WHITE.
A GREAT COMPANY.
A GREAT CAST.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— lsc, Be, 35c. We.
Matinees— lsc and 25c.
Seats on Sale Box Office and Emporium.
January 16— New Musical Comedy, "TWO
MARRIED MEN." -
CHUTES AND ZOO! |
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING j
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER!
.•••PIANKA....
THE "LADY OF LIONS."
THE SENSATION OF TWO
CONTINENTS.
AND A HOST OF NOVELTIES.
TO-NIGHT ..... AMATEUR NIGHT ;
DON'T FAIL TO SEE WX F. SAPP.
THE OSSIFIED MAN.
10c, including Zoo and Theater. . Children, 5c
£3 iT> i INGLESIDE
■M m *L>mU mV> m TRACK.
"The grandest racing plant in America."— j
Chicago Chronicle. .-. , >.-,-!
FIVE OR MORE I
RACES DAILY! |
CiTITBfUV —THE SAN RAFAEL STAKE: :
it MIA I SELLING; ONE MILS;
Thirty-aeven Entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and i •
1:15 p. m. Round trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electric car* on Mission and Kearny street*
every three minutes.
ADMISSION— ONE DOLLAR.
» S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
AMTTSFMENTS,
"f^ii^ *? jf^~j.tf ii i 5 *-m XHIS WEEK
On I lii(DAY|
EDWIN MAYO
AND A SPLENDID COMPANY
In Frank Mayo's dramatization of
Mark Twain'
PUDD'NHEAD WILSON.
EXTRA— Beg. Next Monday
The Original Swedish Comedy Drama.
"YON YONSON."
Presented by BEN HENDRICKS and a Strong
Company.
A SUPER 3 SCENIC DISPLAY.
COLUMBIAN
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Comedy Triumph,
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
EXTRA— Next Monday.
FRANK DANIELS'
COMIC OPERA COMPANY
In the great sucress
"THE IDOL'S EYES."
Production complete in every detail.
SEATS NOW READY.
BARTON HILL AND CHARLES WILLARD.
Supported by Ella Sothern and Lucila Nunn.
In Milton Nobles' Faroe, "BELINDA BAI-
LEY 8 BOARDERS."
KRAUSE AND ROSA, and Their "Dutch
Pickaninnies."
VOULETTE AND CARLOS. Balancing Acro-
bats.
GEORGE EVANS. Monologue Artist.
PAPINTA! PAPINTA!
ANNA TERESA BERGER, DELTORILLI
BROS. AND THE RAPPO SISTERS.
Reserved seats, Be: balcony, 10c: open
chairs and box seats, 50c.
Seats now on- sale for .Children's Hospital
Benefit. Wednesday, January IS.
ORPHEUM-EXTRA.
San FranciscD Symphony Society.
FRITZ SCHEEL Musical . Director
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, JAN. 12. AT 3:15.
Programme Includes
WAGNER'S "FAUST" OVERTURE
SYMPHONY NO. 1 BEETHOVEN
Prices 75c. $1 and Si 54
Peats now on Sale at Orpheum.
AT A 7 A D SEATS BY PHONB
AJUUAZ/AK Main 254.
TO«I\IfIHT AND during
lU"lllUni ENTIRE WEEK,
AUCUSTIN DALY'S
Brilliant Comedy Success.
THE
mi 1 11 Liiiii
MAGISTRATE
Delightfaily presented, with perfect stage ap-
pointments.
15c. P>F?ir^FTtt 35c.
Next Week— "A TEMPERANCE
TOWN."
IOEOSOO'S GRANDS
V alter Mokosco, Sole Lessee ami Manama;
LAST WEEK OF THE SEASON.
LAST WEEK! ' LAST WEEK!
HI HENRY'S
BIG
MINSTRET
XfX AGGREGATION. J-J
50— ALL-WHITE PERFORMERS— 6O
CROWDED HOUSE NIGHTLY.
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
EVERYTHING NEW.
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT— OF THE}
SEASON.
POPULAR PRICES ..lOfl. 2Sc. 500
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor *&4 Ugr.
LAST TIMES OF ■
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE,
THE YELLOW dwarr
THE SUCCESS OF SUCCESSSES.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2. .
NEXT WEEK NEXT WEEK
The Eastern operatic success
THE U/EDDING DAY.
Reappearance of the Favorite Contralto,
MISS BERNICE HOLMES.
Popular Prices foe and 500
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee.... Ma
:.-;- : ■ Our Telephone, Bush 9.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
CONCERTS AND BESOBTS
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
TUESDAY EVENING. January 17— Matinee*
Wednesday and Saturday, January 19 and 21.
HELMONT. Violinist; IDA SIMMONS. Pian-
iste: GRACE PRESTON. Contralto. Prices, $1
and Me. Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
STEEPLECHASE
At CENTRAL PARK.
A HUGE SUCCESS.
OPEN DAILY FROM I TO U.
EVERYBODY RIDES.
ADMISSION 10. INCLUDING HORSES.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat steady. Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Fran and Middlings advanced sharply.
Nothing doing in Hay.
Beans and Seeds the same.
Potatoes In larger supply.
Onions and Vegetables steady.
Poultry about the pame. Game weaker.
Putter tending downward. Eggs very firm.
Fruit market dull.
Meats and Provisions unchanged.
THE WORLD'S STOCK OF MONET.
The Director the Mint gives the rupply of
moncv In the world as follows:
Gold" t4.E94.800.000
Silver 3.977.500.000
Uncovered paper 2.322,800,000
Total $10,895,200,000 i
Five years ago the same authority gave the
money of the world as follows:
Gold $ 3.419.500.000
Silver 4,442. 700,000
Uncovered paper 2,700.000.000
Total $10,562,200,000
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
The circular of Henry Clews says, under date
of New York, January 7: We have had the
first week's taste of a financial year that Is
anticipated with more than ordinary hopeful
ness. It has been in some measure interrupted
by the holidays, and comes too early to receive
the full impulse of the extraordinary disburse
ments of January Interest and dividends on
Fecurttles. According to careful estimates,
these payments at New York alone amount this
month to about $110,000,000 which is far beyond
all precedent. This fact affords the best pos
sible confirmation of the general impression
that the past year has been one of general and
unusual prosperity. These payments must in
evitably have an effect upon the market for
Fecurities; for. apart from their encouraging
ppeculatlve operations, they must be attended
•with considerable reinvestment of the earnings;
«t the moment, however, it Is too early to look
for the full effect of these Influences upon the
market. •
We have now a fair prospect of a period of
decided ease in money extending over some
months. Apart from the drift of currency from
the.. Interior usual at this season, symptoms in
dicate .i probability of the renewals of imports
of Bold. There Is less disposition toward the
temporary employment of funds In foreign bills
of exchange; and, so soon as those Investments
materially abate, an influx of gold would be
almost inevitable. Within the past week, $1,
--6(AOf'O of the metal have been engaged for
shipment from London to this city; which has
teen due, however, rather to a fall In gold
o broad than to lower rates for bills on this
market.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 11. 5 p. m.
The fallowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.14 14.98 16.19
Hed Bluff 0.22 11.06 6.27
nento 0.22 6.63 6.04
ranclsco 0.26 6.94 4.73
Fresno 0.13 3.45 2.11
6.64 1.98
Los Angeles 0.2.". 2.51 8.36
1 1.13 3.10 2.37
Yuma O.ni 1.33 1.03
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
K< 'RECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
. the past 24 hours, the greatest rise
n Northern California, It is yet much
■ he normal.
The weather is cloudy over the entire Pacific
Light rains have fallen during the day
•id snow in the mountains.
lent i River began to rise during :
• has already commenced to j
■ tin in the upper portion of the valley. !
are favorable for clearing weather
Ifornia Thursday, with a lower tempera
ture.
!■"■■> recast rrm<ie at Pan Francisco for 30 hours i
ending midnight January 12. 1899:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Thursday; j
■■ - w.nd.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday: prob- ■
ally with light showers Thursday mnrning, ,
clearing during the day; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Thursday.
I'trjh— Cloudy Thursday, with snow In the
mountains.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday, with snow In the
tains of the north portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursdny; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Directors' meetings :
were responsible for considerable variations in \
the character of the stock speculation to-day.
As la usually the case forecasts were rife as
to the probable action of the various director- !
ies In session which were utilized for effect j
upon the market value of securities interested. !
The most Important development was the ac- i
tion of the Louisville and Nashville directors
In replacing the stock in the category of divi
dend payers. The report submitted for the
six months ending December 31 showed the
total Income as $4, 437. €22 and a surplus of I
$1,426,739, after deducting fixed charges and i
sinking fund requirements. This report I
prompted the management to declare a dlvi- |
dend of IVj per cent out of the earnings for
that period, which may foreshadow a regular
annual disbursement of 3 per cent. The divi- :
dends on this property were suspended In 1593, j
and a reduction of 10 per cent was made In
the salaries of employes, with a proviso that |
they would be restored when earnings war- j
ranted it. This promise was carried out last
year, and the successive favorable character '
of the traffic statements published ,arouse ex
pectations with the Investment public that the
dividends would be soon declared on the stock. I
The proceedings of the Sugar directors were '
also viewed with Interest, as it was inti- ,
mated that some publicity would be given of :
the result of the company's operations In the .
pending trade war. The stockholders' ratifi
cation of the action of the directors in voting !
"to reserve the profits of the company as work-
Ing capital was interpreted by the bears as
indicating a possible abandonment of dividend
payments. The stock was thrown on the mar
. ket In large volumes, and sufficient to check
the aggressive upward movement which was
in progress on the announcement that the Sen- '
ate committee had agreed to report without !
amendment the peace treaty. The market In
general presented other features of striking in
terest. Including as it did an outburst of In- {
vestment buying which improved the standard I
r hares from 1 to 4 points. The Vanderbilt |
Stocks were unusually prominent and a burst
of animation and strength which lifted Perm- '
sylvania 4V.. exercised a healthful influence on
the entire market. The specialties, aside from
Sugar, moved in comparatively narrow limits
and figured very moderately In the day's total.
Early weakness in which Plttsburg, Cincin
nati. Chicago and St. Louis made a sensational
break of 6>^ gave the bears a temporary ad
vantage, but the bulls got the whip-hand in |
the subsequent dealings and closed the mar- '
ket well up to the best at substantial gains.
London' operations were considerably reduced
on both sides of the account. The market for
bonds developed a sagging tendency, where
recessions were not significant except In iso
lated cases. United States 6s coupon declined
**, in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 947,800 shares i
including 32.340 Atchlson; 54,420 do preferred'
50.340 Central Pacific; 15,220 Chesapeake and
Ohio; 31,620 Burlington: 3350 Denver and Rio
Grande preferred; 3CBO Great Northern pre
ferred; 17,110 Illinois Central; 46,250 Louisville
nnd Nashville; 3!<.2<>O Manhattan: 35,800 Read-
Ing prelerred; 18.600 Missouri Pacific; 22 700
New York Central; 54,575 Northern Pacific
-12,100 do preferred; 8000 Southern Pacific- 10 880
do preferred; 26.320 Steel; 600: do preferred
-12.250 People's Gas; 3C7<"> Colorado Fuel and
Iron; 4950 Pacific Mall: 96.920 Sugar; 6415 Rub
ier; 29.700 Rock Island; 19,800 Union Pacific
-12,100 do preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 21%, L & S W 8U
Do prefd ioVj Do prefd 205
Baltimore & Ohio, St Paul 122*1
all assmts paid.. 65% Do prefd !!l6C«i
Canada Pacific — Si% St P & Om &75T
Canada Southern.. u6^| Do prefd .. it,7
Cent Pac 43% St P M & M.. "ISO
Ches & Ohio 27* So Pacific 34%
Chi & Alton ]6s»iiSo Railway .... " nil
Chi H & Q 126%,' Do prefd "'. 451?
Chi & E 111 6Hi Texas & Pacific 18%
Do prefd 114 Union Pacific «; „
<bl G w 15% Do prefd ....'.'." 73%
Chi Ind & L Sis U P D &' G. 2d
Do prefd S5 assmt paid ... 13«
Chi & N W 143% Wabash g
Do prefd 187 Do prefd ... 23
C C C v St L 46}, Wheel & L E, 4th
Do prefd 96% assmt paid 754
Del & Hudson. 111\ Do jirefd 2fs
Del L *-• W 1574 Express Companies
lien & Rio G SO 1 * Adams Ex 108"
Do prefd r.9'.; American Ex 143
Erie new ]s'/» United States 59
Do Ist prefd 88% Wells Fargo ... 125
Ft Wayne m Miscellaneous—
Ot Nor prefd lin',4 A Cot Oil 34
Hocking Val 2% Do prefd sgu.
Illinois Cent 116% Amn Spirits ...... 13*2
Lake Erie & W.... 18 . Do prefd 37%
Do prefd 71 Am -Tobacco 146%
Lake Shore 196% Do prefd 137%
Louis & Naah 66 Cons Gas 192W
Manhattan L 106 Com Cable Co ..175
Met St Ky 189*4 Col F & Iron 35»
Mich Cent 110 Do prefd 97
Minn &St L 33 Gen Electric ......100>£
Do Ist prefd^.... 97% Haw Coml Co 67%
Mo Pacific 45% Intnl Paper ;.. 62%
Mobile & 0hi0.... .17'; Do prefd ... 93
Mo X & T 13 7 Laclede Gas 544
Do prefd 38V» Lead 3814
V J Central 9Sft Do prerd 112%
N V Central 1244 Nnt Lin Oil 8%
N T Chi & St L.. 14V* Pacific Mall 45
Do Ist prefd 73 Peopled Gas 112%
Do 2d prefd 30% Pullman Pal 161
Nor West liivg Silver Cert 69Vi
No Amer Co 74 Standard RAT.. lOVi
No Pacific 464 Sugar 126
Do prefd 77% 1 Do prefd lU\
Ontario & W 20H T C & Iron 36%
Or R & Nay tf & U S Leather T%
Or Short Line 43 ! Do prefd 724
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 84 U 8 Rubber 46%
Do 2d prefd 634 Do prefd 117
Pittsburg 174 West T'nlon 944
Reading 23 1 * Fed Steel 524
Do Ist prefd 06 ' Do prefd 83Vi
R G W 304 Or Nay prefd 71
Do prefd 69 Pac Coast 454
Rock Island 1154 Colo Southern - ;
St Louis & S F.. !"i Do Ist prefd P<i
Do prefd 67>ii Do 2d prefd 22%
Do Id prefd 3441
CLOSING BONDS.
U S S» l07i» N V Central 15t5..114"%
U S new 4s reg. .123». t N J C 5s IH%
Do coup 12<*Vs North Carolina 65. .130
D S 4s 112 Do 4s 103%
Do coup 113 No Pac Istß 1144
Do 2ds 994 Do 3s 6'J
US 6s reg US"4 Do 4s 1014
Do 5s coup us N YC& S L 45..1074
District 3.65s 118 |Nor A W 6s 125
Ala class A 107 'Northwest c0n5015. 1424
Do B 109% j Do deb 5s 118%
Do c 107H ° Nay lsta 1144
Do Currency ....100% O Nay 4s 101
Atchlson 4s 10-s=B O S Line 6s tr....130
Do adj 4s 7'<% <~> S Line 5s tr ..10?
Can So 2ds 110 ißeadlng 4s 86%
C & O 44s 91V* ROW lsts ...
Chicago Term 45.. 944 St L & I M Con s<i.lofi>. t
C & Ohio os 1174 S L & S F Gen 65. 122%
C H & D 4Hs 104% St P Con 161
D& R G l3ts 108 St PC & P 15t5... .11.1
D&R G4s 100% Do 6s 11?';
East Term lsts 107 So Ry f>s 106
Erie Gen 4s 73 Standard R&T 6s 86%
F W & D lsts tr.. Ss4'Tenn new set 35.. 96
Gen Elec is 110 Tex Par L & lsts.. 1094
G H & S A 6s 107 ! Do Reg 2ds 4",
Do 2ds 103 Union Pac 4s 103
H & TC 5s liO fPD & G lsts.... 92
Do con 6s 110 Wabash Ist os ....113
lowa C lets 109 Do 2ds 97
La new consols 45.10S W Shore 4s 1104
L & N I'nl 4s 964 Va Centuries 82
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred 8«4
M X & T 2ds 65% Colo Southern 45.. 674
Do <s 93 iwis Cent lsts 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12' Ontario 6 00
Crown Point 10 Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 15 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 >
Gould & Curry 5 20 : Do prefd 500
Hale ft Norcross.. 8 Sierra Nevada 72
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 00
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 30
Mexican 2^ Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 195
Call loans 2@3|Gen Elec prefd 165
: Time loans 3<§,4 1 Atrhlson prefd 55%
; Stocks— Bonds—
i A T & S F 21% Atchison 4s 98%
; Amer Sugar 128 Gen Elec 5s 108
Do prefd ill |Wis Central Is .... 63
Bay State Gas .... 3V4 1 Mining Shares
i Bell Tel 282 Allouex Mln C 0.... 7
j Boston & Albany.. 23o Atlantic 33
Boston & Maine. 170 Boston & Mont 27$
Boston L S4i£ Butte & Boston S6?j
Chi Bur & Q 12634 Calumet & Hec1a..640
; Fltchburg 114 I ,i: Centennial 3*%
i Gen Electric 100V4 Franklin 22>4
i Mexican Central .. 6?ijOld Dominion 37
N V & N Eng.... 99 Osceola SIS
Old Colony 198 Qulncy 147
Or Short Line.... 42% Tamarack 198 Vi
Rubber 47 Wolverine 37
i Union Pacific 44% Parrott 37^4
West End 93 Humboldt 2H
Do prefd 112V£ Union Land 125
Westingh Elec 43 'Adventure 9 3-16
Do prefd 62 IWinona 14Vi
Wls Central 2 '
,
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Money on call was
steady, at 2 ; : 'S3 per cent; last loan, 3 per cent.
: Prime mercantile paper, 3@3»i per cent. Sterl
ing exchange, steady, with actual business In
. bankers' bills at $4 84H@4 84% for demand and
1 at {4 8301 S2Vi for sixty day?: posted rates,
is 453 and $1 S5Vi; commercial bills, J4 81. Sil
ver certificates, nominal. 59H@60^c; bar silver,
i 69%e; Mexican dollars, 46% c.
Government bonds, easy; State bonds Inac- i
tive; railroad bonds, weak.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— To-day's state- i
i ment of the condition of the treasury shows: !
Available cash balance, J259.969.632; gold re
serve, J235.255.093.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— Commercial Ad
l vertiser's financial cablegram says:
The markets here were more bullish in feel-
Ing to-day and fairly active. Americans were
I dull, and early in the morning there was
; profit-taking-, fearing that the Louisville divi
: dend would be only Vi per cent. New York
! sold Loulsvllles, causing a close generally well
! under the best. There was a slight rally in
the street. Chesapeake and Ohio and Northern
Pacifies were firm. Continuation rates were
4Vs. with St. Paul, Atchison preferred and
; Louisvilles easier.
New York bought Tintos at 33. Anacondas
reached 7. The double option to end with
February was "V
Twenty-five thousand pounds sterling gold
was taken for Argentine. There was less de
mand for gold.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. Canadian Pacific, SBV.-
Grand Trunk, 7«i; bar silver, quiet, 27 5-16 d
j per ounce; money, 1% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
j NEW YORK. Jan. -FLOUR— Receipts, 14,
--] 464 barrels; exports, 27.309. Dull and easy,
; closing a shade firmer with the late bulge in
i wheat. Winter patents, S3 55@3 65.
WHEAT— Receipts, 132,000 bushels; exports,
209,458. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, SOKic t. o. jb.
; afloat to arrive. Options opened weak. Bears
held control most of the day by reason of
1 scant speculation, lower English cables and
heavy Southwestern selling, but were finally
i firmer on big clearances and export develop
i ments. Prices in the last, hour, therefore,
! rallied sharply and closed %'iJ I'SC1 'SC net higher,
with the undertone strong. March, ! &'!&%c,
closed 76*ic.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— trade in metals has become
so used to sensational calns in tin that to
day's further advance of 40 to 50 points called
forth but little comment on 'Change. Positive
new features In the seneral situation were
lacking. Lake copper scored a moderate addi
tional rise, but the rest of the list was quiet
and firm at about yesterday's figures. As had
been expected advices from the primary points
and abroad were distinctly favorable and led
holders here to take a still more arbitrary
view of the situation. At the close the Metal
Exchange quoted:
PlOlßON— Warrants firm at $8.
COPPER— Strong and higher; $13 62% bid,
$14 asked.
TlN— Strong and higher, with $22 bid and
$22 60 asked.
LEAD— Firm; $4 10 bid and $4 15 asked. The
brokers' prices for lead is $3 50 and copper $14.
SPELTER— Firm; $5 25 bid. $5 35 asked.
COFFEE — closed steady, unchanged
ito 5 points lower. Sales, 11.760 bags. Including
I March, $5 66; April. $5 75; May, $5 80; Septem
ber. $6 "56 03: October, $6 05; December, $6 15.
! Spot coffee — Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No.
7 jobbing. 7%c; mild, quiet but steady; Cor
dova. 7%©15 c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm and held higher; fair re
fining, 3 13-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c;
molasses sugar, 3 9-18 c; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3555 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, lf><s2lc; Elgins. 21c; fac
, tory. 12@14%a
! EGGS — Receipts, 2000 packages. Steady;
Western. 22Vac.
.'•.'. DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— California dried fruits
steady.
1 EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7<4«?Bc;
prime wire tray, S%QB9ic; choice, 9'39 ,4c; fancy,
10c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll®14c; Moorpark. 13(p17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@lU 3 c; peeled, 21@23c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
! CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— Reports of liberal offer
ings of wheat from Argentine and Russia, to
gether with easier cables from Liverpool, soon
gave the market here a weaker tone at the out
' set. Domestic receipts were light compared
'. with their volume a month ago, but when set
, against receipts at the corresponding time last
year they were, from the point of view of the
i bulls, still very discouraglngly heavy. Under
i these Influences May opened %@%c lower, at
! from 7u^i37oVtC, and in less than half an hour
it could be bought at 69% c. That was under
, "put" price, and there arose a good demand
| from holders of these privileges, who were dis
| posed to take profits. Corn about this time be
i gan to show recuperative strength after earlier
weakness, and the buying of wheat became suf
flently urgent to cause a quick recovery of
May to TO^c. When the clearances from the
Atlantic poru for the day were placed at 1,204,
--000 bushels, it caused a quick advance to 70% c.
New York reported a good Inquiry for wheat
from the Continent, and claimed fifty boatloads
have been disposed of. May sold as high rip
"lS'l^c, and closed at 71c buyers. 1/
Large receipts, lower cables and the dcclii*
in wheat weakened corn early. It rallied la»r
on predictions of unsettled weather and clear
■ ances of nearly a million bushels. The market
i continued strong after the first dip, and closed
j at top price. May gained %c.
A good demand from the country and small
i offerings strengthened oats. The sharp ad
vance in corn near the end was reflected in
oats, and the market closed strong, with a
gain of Vl@%c.
Small : receipts and an excellent export de
mand strengthened provisions. Orders from
the outside were numerous on the buying slda
and . commission houses were also taking on
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
long lines. The market left off strong at the
top price for the day.
Pork closed 2%c up and lard and rib* ad
vanced 10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. —
January - 671^
May 70% 71% 69% 71
July 68 69 67% 69
Corn No. 2—
January 34% 34% 34% 34%
May 36*1 3714 361$ 3714
July 374 37% 36% 37%
Oats No. 2—
May 27*4 27% 27% 27%
July .: 26 26W, 2534 26V*
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January .' 9 924
May 10 05 10 22% 10 00 10 224
Lard, per 100 pounds— '
January 550 5 674 660 550
May ; 5 724 580 6 72% 580
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January .... 4 85
May 5 07% 5 124 6 02% 5 12%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
66H@67%c; No. 3 spring wheat, 63@670; No. 2
red, 70c; No. 2 corn, 3.5i.4!g354c; No. 2 oats.
27c; No. 2 white, 25@23%c; No. 3 white, 28@2jc;
No. 2 rye, 544e; No. 2 barley, 41@53c; No. 1
flax seed. $1 124; prime timothy seed, $2 32%;
mess pork, per barrel, $9 90i{?9 95; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 $'>'??$ 67%; short ribs sides (loose),
$4 57@5 05; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4>i@
4%c; short clear sides (boxed), $5 05@5 15; whis
ky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 27.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,000 81,000
Wheat, bushels 164,000 16.000
Corn, bushels 890,000 248,000
Oats, bushels 350.000 226.000
Rye, bushels 24,000 14.000
Barley, bushels 59,000 22.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy. Creameries, 14@20c; dai
ries. 12@lSc. Eggs, dull; fresh. 194@20c.
Cheese, steady, unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ■....«, 301,290 24,900
Duluth 117,782 87,083
Milwaukee 29,400 24.500
Chicago 164.510 16.503
Toledo 26,930 6,000
St. Louis 9,000 16.000
Detroit 16,318 4.322
Kansas City 33,500 66,500
Totals 698.730 186.808
Tidewater-
Boston 67,943
New York 132,000 208.43S
Philadelphia 48,839 108,465
Baltimore 35,264 160,000
New Orleans •
Galveston 86,072 66,000
Totals 370,123 632.923
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening 5 10 6 8%
Closing 5 9% 68
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour — Jan. -June.
Opening 45 75 46 50
Closing 45 85 46 60
Wheat-
Opening 21 65 22 00
Closing 2180 22 00
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. — There was an excellent
demand to-day for cattle that were well ma
tured, and prices for such lots were strong.
Fancy cattle. $."> So@6; medium, $4 80@5 10; beef
steers, $3 90tf4 75; bulls, $2 50@4 .0; cows and
heifers. $3 30@4 10; Texas steers, $3 25<3'4 80;
Western fed steers, $4ffs 60; calves, Wat! 10.
Trade was active for hogs, with prices
stronger and to some extent 2%<@sc higher.
Fair to choice, $3 70*53 85; packers, $3 600
3 67%; mixed, $3 50@3 75; butchers, $3 524'#< |
3 77%; light. $3 4503 75: pigs. $3@3 50.
There was a fairly active demand for sheep,
but lambs were lower. Inferior to prim»
sheep. $2 50@4; ewes. $3^3 25; yearlings, $4®
4 BO ; heavy lambs, $4 90f5.
Receipts— Cattle. 13,000; hogs, 33,000; sheep,
18.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. CATTLE— Receipts, i
7000; market steady to strong. Native steers.
$4jj"s 65; cows and heifers, $21X2 25; stackers and
feeders, $3 35(34 60; bulls. $2 7604.
HOGS Receipts. 16,000; market opened f,c
higher, closed weak; bulk of sales $3 40§3 65.
Heavies. $3 50@3 77%: packers. $3 45(33 67%;
mixed. $3 40@3 65; lights, $3 25@3 47%; pigs,
$:: 10@3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; market steady.
Lambs, $3@5; muttons, $2£4 25.
OMAHA.
<~>MAHA, Jan. 11.— CATTLE— Receipt*, 1500:
market steady. Native beef steers. $4^5 50;
■Western steers, J3 Soff4 40: cows and heifers,
$3@4 10; canners. J2@3; stockers and feeders.
$3 70'ai 50; calves, J4S7: bulls and stags, $2®
3 n
HOGS— Receipts, 9200; market 5c higher.
Heavy. J3 5.'-g3 65; mixed. $3 55ff3 S7i*; light,
12 60® 8 66; pigs, $3<@3 40; bulk of nates, $3 55®
3 57 V
SHEEP— Receipts, 2300; market strong. Na
tive muttons $3 7nfi4 30: Western muttons,
$3 60@4; stock. J2 70£3 70; lambs, J4@o 10.
DENVER.
DENVER, Jan. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 300;
market active and firm. Beef steers, J3 7fj^
5"" cows S2 V"7M: feeders, freight paid to
river, 13 25^54 £5: bulls, stags, etc., J2^3.
HOGS— Receelpts, 400; market 5o higher.
L ; ght packers $3 50®3 55; mixed, $3 45<5j3 50;
heavy, J2 3093 (5.
SHEEP— None.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 11.— The American Wool and
i Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
I market Is quiet and almost without feature
■of Interest. The failure 1 of the Aesabet Woolen
I Mills and the opening of heavy-weight goods
have occupied most of the attention of the
trade. The prices at which goods are offered,
which range from 6 to 10 per cent below la«t
season's figures, are regarded by the wool
trade as establishing a solid foundation for a
future appreciation In values for manufactured
products, and thus affording a pretty good
< assurance that there Is to be this season an
i absence of cancellations from the clothing
i trade.
The season Is opening slowly, but that In
! itself is rather a favorable feature than other
wise.
Sales of the week In Boston amount to
1 2 647. 000 pounds domestic and 663,. r ioo pounds
foreign, making a total of 3.210.R00. against a
total of 3. 796. 0fH) for the previous weeek and a
total of 1,308,000 for the corresponding wwk
last year Bales since January 1. 1599. amount
to 7,006,500 pounds, against 10,958,000 last year
at this time.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 11.— Consols, 110*4; silver,
! 27 5-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 57' Ac; wheat car
! goes off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on pas
sage, buyer? and sellers apart.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 11.— WHEAT— Dull; wheat
I In Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets, firmer.
c iTTON— Uplands, 3 5-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot, dull. No. 1 red northern
spring, 6b ',£d.
CORN— Spot, quiet. American mixed, new,
3s 10'< d. Futures— Steady. March, 3s BMtd;
May, 3s S*i,d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 11.— WHEAT— Futures
closed steady. March, Es 9d; May, Es 7%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan. 11.— Exchanges. $196,516;
balances, $299,346.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 11.— WHEAT— Dull and
lower; Walla Walla. E9c; valley and bluestem,
British ship Allerton, with 114,507
bushels of wheat for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 11.— WHEAT— Steady; club,
60c; bluestem, 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — 4 56%
I New York Exchange, sight — 16
' New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 17^
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
i Mexican Dollars 47V4@48
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT — opened lower, but ad
vanced. The spot market was steady and un-
I changed.
I Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 13%@1 15; milling,
i $1 nvioi 20.
CALL. BOARD BALES.
! Informal' Session— o'clock— May — 2000
I ctls. $116%; SMO. $1 17; 18,000, $1 17%.
Second Session— May— lo,ooo ctl«, $1 17%; 58,
--000. $1 17%.
Regular Morning Besslon— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 17%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 17%; 12,
--000. $1 17%.
BARLEY— were weak. Spot Feed
helqVup, though the demand was light.
Peed. $1 27&@1 30; Brewing. $1 36® 146 per
r" CALL BOARD SALES.
' S Informal Session — 9:16 o'clock— Seller, 1899
new, 4000 ctls. 88V4c; 4000, 88% c. ,
Second Session— Seller, 1899, new, 2000 ctls,
SB^c; 6000, 88c.
• Regular Morning Session— 1899, new.
6000 ctls, 88»4c.
Afternoon — Seller, 1899, new, 2000 ctls
ES%c. May— 2ooo, $1 19.
1 OATS— DuII and unchanged.
I Fancy Feed. $1 35©1 371- per ctl;, good to
choice, $1 30(fjl 32V4: common, $1 27%; Surprise,
11400145; Gray. $1 30@l 35; Milling, $1 32W(J
1 35 per ctl; Red, $1 65®1 65; Black. $1 60@l 75.
CORN— The market rules firm. at undisturbed
quotations.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
i low, $1 12%@1 15; white, $1 12%©1 15; mixed.
$1 07%@l 10 per ctl; California white. $1 12V>9
1 15.
YE— California, $1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 l. r >@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. $2 75
per 100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 10; ex- j
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat j
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 GO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85^6 25; In sacks. $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per lUO lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran and Middlings have again advanced.
There has been no Hay market for two days,
owing to the rain.
BRAN— S2O Eo#2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S22@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 50^27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50;
Jobbing, $32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24<§25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S#3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24025.
CALIFORNIA HAY —"Wheat. $17 60@19 for
good to choice and $16(3)17 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15 50@
17 50; Oat, $li@l6; Island Barley. $14@15; Al
falfa, $12@13 50; Stock, none; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY (from . Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $14(i?}6; Cheat,
$12 50@13; Alfalfa, : Oat. $li©ls; Clover.
$11 60911 50; Timothy. 512T113 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
No further change Is reported in any de- |
scription.
BEANS— $1 85^2: Small Whites, $2@ j
2 15; Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks, $1 95®
2 05: Reds, $3 1503 25; Blackeye, $3 75@4; But
ters, $2@2 50; Llmas, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 25@2 40;
Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard, $4 26; Flax. $2@2 25; Canary
Seed, 2«4(5-2«ic per lb; Alfalfa, SVMMVJc: Rape.
! 2 1 4@2»ic; Hemp. 2U@3c; Timothy. 6@sV4c.
| DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 50@l 75; Green. $1 75
! @1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are In heavier receipt, but steady.
Onions and Vegetables stand about the same.
POTATOES— 75@85c per ctl for Early Rose;
85c@$l per sack for River Burbanks; Petaluma
Burbanks, 85c@$l; Oregon, $1@1 35; Sweet Po
tatoes", $1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes, lVi@2c
per lb.
ONlONS— 7sc<S'sl per ctl; Oregon, $I@l 10.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 8c; String i
Beans, 6@Sc; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 75c@ |
$1 25 for Los Angeles Egg Plant. per I
lb; Garlic, 7c per lb; Dried Okra. 15c per lb; i
Green Peppers. 4<Jf.'c per lb; Dried Peppers, 10 (
@15c; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton; Car
rots, 25@35c per sack; Mushrooms, s@loc per lb |
for common and 10020 c for buttons.
POULTRY and game.
Eastern Is selling at 15@16c for Turkeys. $4 50
@5 for Ducks, $2 for Geese. $5©5 50 for Hens. ]
$5 50<g6 for Roosters, $4 50 for old Roosters and
Broilers, and $5 for Fryers.
Another car of Eastern went on yesterday.
Local stock Is steady and unchanged.
Game is weaker.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 17@18c; live
Turkeys, 15@16c for Gobblers and 14®16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 Ducks, s4 60@5 50;
Hens, $4@5: young Roosters, $5 5C5T6; old Roost
i ers, $4 50; Fryers, $5 50<g~6; Broilers, $5@5 50 for
I large, $4 50&5 for Email; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per
dozen for old and $2<§2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25; Mallard. $3 50@4 50; Can- j
vasback. $4©6; Sprig, $2 50&3; Teal. $1 50: Wid
geon, $1 SOig'l 75; Small Duck, $1 25: English
Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe, $1 50: Gray Geese. S3;
I White Geese, $1 2501 50; Brant. $1 2601 60;
I Honkers. $4'.i4 60; Hare. 75c(7j : $l: Rabbits, $150
! for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The tendency in Butter is downward, though
there is no further decline. Store Eggs ar« in
quick demand at full figures.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25@26c; seconds, !
23Q24C.
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 21@23c; common ■
grades, lS l g2oc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17018 c; pickled roll. I
Vi^lSc for dairy and 19520 c for creamery ■
squares; creamery tub. 22@22Hc.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16Vsc for
lb; Elgin, 225J22HC.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll>£@!l2c; old, 10
©lie: Cream Cheddar, 12@12Vjc; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c: Eastern. 10@12c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 34®36c per dozen; sec
onds, 32&@33c; store Eggs, 28@32%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market continues dull at unchanged quo- (
tations, except for Limes, which are scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 35!ij.60c for common, 75c@$l per box |
for No. 1 and $1 23@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap- j
ples, 50<§"5c: Apple*, in barrels, $s®B.
Pears— 2sc(gsl per box.
Persimmons— Nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $I^2 50 per
box; Seedlings. 76C051 50; Mamfuiiis, $1 -la&l SC;
Lemons, 75c«l 50 for comrrlon and $2@3 for I
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5@6; Cali
tornta Limes, 15076 c per small box; Grape
Fruit. $I@2 60; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@6 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUIT— 6»4c for 40-50>. 4V.©
Be for 50-GO's. 3^@.l%c for 60-70' 2^3c for
70-80's, 2«S2Vjc for 80-90's. 2c for 90-100" s and •
1%^1?4c for 100-UO's: Silver Prunes. 2%@5c; !
Peaches, 6@7%c for good to choice, 7U@8 C for :
fancy and 10^12V4c for peeled; Apricots. 10®12c
for Royals and 12' i; 1 -ic for Moorpark; Evap
j orated Apples, 7^i'S7 I jc: sun dried, 4@4»4c;
i Black Fits, sacks, 2'y2 l^c; Plums, 4V4@6c for
I pitted and IQIVic for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@
1 "c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Bc for quarters
, and 8(6 9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3^O for two-crown. 4%c for three
-1 crown, 6»ic for four-crown,' b^igS^iC for Seed
, less Sultanas, 4V£c for Seedless Muscatels and
! $120 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%<§3e.
Chestnuts, 7@Bc per lb; Walnuts,
7®Bc for hardshell, firdlOc for softshell; A!- '
monds, 7®Bc for hardshell, 13@14c for softshell,
I 15@16c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 6Q'7c for East-
I crn and 4^4^'c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
06.
HONEY— 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, GVi@
I 7c: light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5(g'5 1 ,4c
per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 7%e per lb for !
heavy. 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10>*c
for extra light and 12®12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10%c; Cali- j
fornia Hams, 9@9%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl ; \
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12 50; extra j
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $15 50® !
16; Smoked Beef. Il'-<i7l2c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5%@6c per lb for
compound and 7%@Bc for iniie: half barrels,
pure, BUc; 10-lb tins, 8V«c; 5-lb tins, S^c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6<4®6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 6') In a case, 9%c;
•3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case. B'/.c: 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins 1 or 2 in a case. 7?ie: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net B'/ic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 794<5. 'i.\ .-
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
j about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, !)c; light, B%c: Cowhides,
BVj®9c: Stags. Cc; Salted . Kip, B@S>4c; Calf,
BV4c: dry hides, sound, 15(5'15V4c; culls and
brands. 12% c; dry Kip and Veal, loo; dry
Calf. 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each;
short wool, 30@40c each; medium, 'J)@80c; long
wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75
@2 for large and 75c for small; Colts, 50c;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 50 for large and 50c@$l for
small. -, •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3'4(fT3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4V«r,c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12 !
months'. 7@9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7 i
months', SffiSc; Foothill and Northern, free, 12 |
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, lie;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, 9@
lie; Eastern Oregon, lO@l2c. '
Fall Wools— __„
! Humboldt and Mendocino f®ll
] Northern Mountain 7@ 2,,
! Southern £@ 'V 4
Plains E@ 6
HOPS— IB9B crop, 12>2@14c per lb for ordinary,
14^iai5V4c for good and 16®18c for choice to
fancy. -m. •
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4;f,Ssc; Wool Bass, 26@2Sc; San
Que'ntln Bags, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50; :
Scotch, $8: Cumberland, $8 5009 in bulk and i
$10f|10 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite j
Egg. $14: Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs j
and Castle Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in
bulk and $14 In packs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net ca*h: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c: Con
fectioners' A. 5%c; California A, 6%c; Magno
lia A, 6%e: Extra C, 5V + c; Golden C, 5Hc; half
barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes He
more. No order taken for less than 75 barrels
or Its equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices for all descriptions are firm. . - . ;. ;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are* as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%®7c; second quality.
6©6% c; third quality. 4Vi@6Hc.
VEAL— 6V4@7Hc; small. 6%@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— 7V4@Bc; Ewes. 7@7%c.
LAMB— S(SS}£c per lb.
1 PORK— Live Hogs, 1 4'3>4 ! for large, 4Vs's'4%c
for medium and 3V- 9'4c for small: stock Hofs,
B@3Kc; dr«»«ed Hogs, 6@7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, January lL
Flour, qr sks 9,596. W00], bales 94
Barley, ctls .... 1.345 Pelts, bdls 3.440
Butter, ctls 130 Hides, No 304
Cheese, ctls 49 Epprs. doz 6.660
Potatoes, sks ... 7.04P, Quicksilver, ffks. li
Onions, sks 721 Leather, rolls ... 135
Bran, sks lit, Wine, gals 27,2u0
Middlings, sks... 120 Lime, bbls 182
Hay, tons 88 Chicory, bbls 30
Straw, tons 5
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks g,280 Middlings, sks... 600
Potatoes, sks .... S.aoi Raxley, ctls 6,1.*0
Wheat, ctls 2.000 Onions, sks ' 36".
Bran, sks 3,550 Hay, tons 20
EASTERN.
Corn, ctla 1,200]
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 4" '
THE STOCK MARKET.
There were few changes In mining stocks
either way.
Local securities were quieter, with less fluc
tuation.
The Julia Con assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day.
The stock dividend declared by the Yellow
Jacket Mining Company at the rate of 35
shares for each 100 shares outstanding, will be
payable to stockholders on and after January
12.
The Alaska Packers' Association held its an
nual meeting on January 10 and elected the fol
lowing board of directors: Henry F. Fort
mann, president; Charles Hirsch and Sidney M.
Smith, vice presidents; W. B. Bradford, secre
tary; D. Drysdale, assistant secretary; E. B.
Pond, G. Niebaum, Isaac Liebes and George
W. Hume, directors; Wells, Fargo & Co. 'a
Bank, treasurer. The company has paid
monthly dividends uninterruptedly for over
five years. Those for the calendar year of IS9B
amounted to $432,000. The first dividend in
1899 will be paid to-day and amounts to $36,000,
or at the rate of 75c per shaxe. The stock sold
yesterday at 107, or 7 per cent premium.
At the annual meeting of the Crocker-Wool
worth National Bank on the 10th, the old board
of directors was re-elected, including W. H.
Crocker. W. E. Brown, G. W. Kline, C. E.
Green. G. W. Scott, H. J. Crocker and E. B.
Pond. W. H. Crocker was re-elected president,
W E. Brown vice president, G. W. Kline cash
ier and the office of assistant cashier was
created and filled by the election of Welling
ton Gregg Jr.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company has
I declared the usual 3 per cent quarterly divi
! dend, payable this month.
At the annual meeting of the Alice Mining
I Company of Utah the Old directors were re
| elected, with Joseph R. Walker as president
! and Louis H. Farnsworth secretary. This
j company has paid $1,075,000 In dividends to
{ date.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the First National Bank of San Francisco was
held on January 10. The old board of direc
tors was re-elected, composed of S. G. Mur
phy, James Moffltt, George A. Low, George C.
Perkins, James D. Phelan. Thomas Jennings,
J. W. Van Bergen, J. Downey Harvey and
John A. Hooper. S. G. Murphy was re-elected
president, James Moffitt vice president, James
K. Lynch cashier and J. K. Moffitt assistant
cashier. The post year was a prosperous one.
The gross prorlts amounted to $347,808 03. The
net profits were $243,591 52, and two dividends
amounting to $150,000, or at the rate of 10 per
cent per annum were paid. The surplus amounts
to $1, 111,796 84.
At the annual meeting of tho Pacific Coast
Savings Society on the 10th, the old board of
directors was re-elected as follows: Wendell
Eaatoo, C. S. Benedict. George Easton, H.
Francis and William C. Murdoch. Wendell
Kaston was re-elected president. C. S. Bene
dict vice president and W. P. Henry secretary.
The Occidental Consolidated Mining Com
pany reports a cash indebtedness of $107 42 on
January 1, with a balance of $8202 90 due on
i the pending assessment. The outstanding lia
bilities of the company are placed at $10,568.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 11.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Cent L & P.... 15% IS
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co.. 12 13
4s quar reg... — — Oakland Gas... 45% 49
4e quar new... — Pac Gas Imp.. S6 80%
le quar c0up. .107 107% Pac L Co 49 50
.Mi^ellanaous— |S F G & E 85Va 8S
Cal-st Cab is.. 112 — San Fran 3v t 3s,
CaJ Klec 6s 125V;i27% Stockton Gas.. 11% 14
C C Wat 5s 105%106 Insurance—
Dup-st ex c — 98% Flrem's Fund. 2ll —
E L & P 65.... 131 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. .114 — Anglo-Cal 64« i 65%
(Jeary-st R 55.. — 102 Bank of Ca1. ..258 260
HC & S 5%5.. — 105 Cal SD& T. ..101 102
LAL Co 65... 96 — First National. 224 235
Do gntd 65... SS% — Lon.l' Ac A 133 —
Market-st 65.. .126 — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 65..115?i116ii Nev Nat 8nk.176 —
NCN G R 7a. 107 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65. ..114 — Ger S & L....1625 —
NRy Cal 5s...l0;»%110 Hum S & L..1050 1160
NPC R R 65.104%108 Mutual Say.... — 42U
N 1' cR H 65.100 — S F Say U 486 435
N Cal R R ss. 98%105 B&L So — 100
Oak Gas 5s lf'9 112 Security S 8..300 350
Om Ry 6s 128 — Union T C 0... 1060 —
1' & Cl Ry 65.. 104 — Street Railroads—
P & O 6s 109 — California 109Ui12%
Powell-st 65. ..120 122 1 * Ueary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55.. — — Market-st 60% 60%
i> F & N P 55.109>.i109% Oak S L &H. — —
Sierra RCal t0.104%106% Prepidlo 11 11%
S P of Ar ta...109%110 Powder—
S P C65(1905-6)113%114 California 152 157%
SPC 6s (1912). 121% — E Dynamite.. Ssu, 9714
SPCIs eg 55.103 — Giant Con Co.. 59% — '
SPBr 6s 121 122% Vlgorlt 3 3%
tj V Water <i5.119%119«i Miscellaneous—
6 V Water 45.. 103 — Al Pas A55n. ..106 106%
S V W4s(3dm). — — Ger Ld Wk5...17."> _
Stktn Gas 65.. .103 — Hana PI Co is% isu
Water Stocks— H C & S C 0... ." ■ . .
Contra Costa.. 62 62%|Hutch S P Co. Wl% 3.;* 4
Marln Co 60 — 'Mer Ex Assn.. 9<i
Spring Valley.. lo2 — Oceanic S Co.. 63% 6i
Has & Electric— Pac A F A l'- 4 1%
Capital Gas.... — — j Pac C Bor Co. 100 — '
Cent Gaslight. lo6 — Par Paint Co.. 7 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 107 00
95 Contra Costa Water 63 00
10 Contra Co*ta Water 62 60
ICO Hana Plantation Co IS 12%
1"" Hana Plantation Co. b 10 18 25'
10"!, Hawaiian Commercial <fc Sugar 68 00
10 Hutchlnoon s P Co 33 87%
200 Market Street Railway 60 00
150 MarU.t Street Railway, s 30 60 00
25 Oakland <ius 49 00
76 Oceanic S s Co C 4 00
61 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
25 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2t Alaska Parker?' Assn 106 75
5 Contra Copta Water 62 60
En Hana Plantation Co 18 12%
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Putfar, s 60. 68 X
ISO Hawaiian dinmercial & Sugar
66 Hutcblnaon a P Co 33,78
100 Hutchinson S P Co 33 82%
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. 109 50
15 Oakland Gas 49 00
30 Oceanic S S Co 68 50
5 Pacific. Gas Imp SP 50
$500 U S 3 per cent bonds 107 2"
100 Vleorlt Powder 3 12%
Street—
|7000 Oakland Oas> bonds 110 50
j $31,000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds 103 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board-
BO Contra Costa Water . 62 SO
$1000 BFbSJV Ry 5 per cent bonds.. lll 00
100 Hawaiian 57 75
100 Mutual Electric 13 23
Street—
15 S F Gas & Electric S6 50
. Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Hutchinson ■ 33 S7^
30 Hutchinson 34 00
SO Spring Valley Water 102 00
60 Hawaiian 67 S7H
100 Equitable Gaslight 12 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 141100 Sierra Nevada.. 75
300 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Union Con 32
200 Hale & Norcrs. 10 100 Yellow Jacket., 1!)
400 Savage 08
Afternoon Session.
• 300 Hale & Norcrs.' 09 j 500 Sierra Nevada.. 78
100 Kentuck 09 500 Union Con 32
300 Mexican 32:400 Yellow Jacket.. 18
800 Seg Belcher 031
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belcher 37 1 ?00 Sierra Nevada... 75
100 Con Cal & Va..l 30 100 Union Con 82
200 Con Cal & Va.l 27% 300 Union Con j 31
600 Gould & Curry.:- 25 1000 Utah 10
?00 Hale & Norcrs. 10 100 Yellow Jacket.. 18
200 Sierra Nevada.. 76
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher 12 100 Occidental 40
200 Caledonia 22 100 Occidental 32
300 Con Cal & Va..l 30 200 Savage 09
(00 Con Cal & Va.l 2""»» 200 Beg Belcher .... O.i
100 Justice 11 200 Sierra Nevada.. 75
300 Mexican 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
"WEDNESDAY, Jan. 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con .... — 03 Julia — 01
Alta — 05 Justice 11 13
Andes 05 06 Kentuck 09 12
Belcher 11 13 Lady Wash — 03
Benton Con .... 04 10 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belcher 36 38 Occidental - — 33
Bullion — •■ 03 Ophtr 50 51
Caledonia ...... 23 25 i Overman 05 06
Chollar 12 13 Potosi . ....13 14
Challenge Con. 11 13 Savage OS 09
Confidence — 65 Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va.l 25 130 Scg Belcher.... 02 0.1
Con Imperial ....— 01 Sierra Nevada. 72 73
Crown Point .. 10 12 Silver Hill .... — 04
Con New York.. — 05. Syndicate -......— 10
Eureka Con .. 30 — ,Un)on Con 31 32
Exchequer — 03 Standard 190 —
Gould & Curry. 25 26 Utah 10 11
i Hale & Xorcri 09 10, Yellow Jacket.. 17 IS
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edmund O. and Clara J. Drming to Walter
J. Wiley, lot on N line of Huight street, 173 '
E of Laguna, E 10 by N 120; Jiu.
Charles B. and Emma F. Plait to John H. !
Brunnings. lot on NW corner «>• Vallejo and
Flllmore streets, N 137:6 by W 137:6; $10.
Benjamin Healey to William H. Rowlands,
lot on W line Church street, 80 S of Twenty
seventh, S 25 by W SO; $10.
Ira M. Sioper to Kate E. Sloper, lot on S
line ot Jersey street, 55 E of Lnan.ond, E 25
by S 90; $10.
Robert C. and Thomas J. Kelly to Colin M.
Smith, lot on S line of Greenwich B;reet. I£3
E of Taylor, E 29, S 60, W 6. S 60. \V 23. N
120; $3000.
Hibernia Savingß and Loan Society to Wil
liam Kealing, lot on E line ot Taylor street.
46 N of Sacramento, N 23 by E 80; $5.
Henry Weilbrock to Courtland S. 8en».11,-t.
lot on NE corner of Geary and Taylor streets
N 20 by E 57:*; $10.
William 10. and Lucy I. Jory (Sedgley) to ;
John Hazlett, lot on W line of Bryant (York) :
street, 100 N of Seventeenth, N 25 by W in/
$10.
Same to William J. Hazlett. lot on W line
Of Bryant (York) street. 125 N of Seventeenth, i
N 25 by W 100: $10.
George A. and Mary Holland to David Dil
lon, lot on E line of Vermont street. 25 N of
Twenty-fifth (Yolo), N 25 by E 100; $10.
Leopold Adler to Felix Adler, undivided two
thirds of lot on SW corner of Hanover and ''
Gutenberg, W 178 by S 106:6. Subdivision ISCi
West End Homestead Association; $10.
Celia Jordan to Michael Dolan, lot on W line
of Decatur (Roscoe) street, 75 S of Crescent,
lots 4 to 7, Holiday Map A; $10.
Michael Dolan and Mary Savage to Jacob
Heyman, same; $10.
Kate E. Sloper to Ira M. Sloper, lot on SW I
line of Sixteenth street, 720 SK o; Epstein
SE 25 by SW 125, lot 32, block 12. Flint Tract
Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Mary X., A. E. and J. F. Commins to Anna
Commins (wife of J. F.). lot on NE line of
Ea*t Nineteenth street, 123 SE of Twentieth
avenue, SE 20 by NE 140, lot 6, block 49, San
Ant&nio, East Oakland; gift.
John W. and Annie E. Gage to same, lot on i
E line block 1, Berkeley View Homestead, dls- |
tant N 247.92 from SE corner block 1; thence i
W 10, N 76.23; thence to right on a curve of
120 radius. 49.33, to E line block 1; thence S
to beginning, being portion lots 25, 26 and 27,
block 1, Berkeley View Homestead, quitclaim
deed. Berkeley; $125.
Emily B. Hopkins to same, lot on S line lot I
4, block D, Hopkins Terrace, distant W 23 from i
SE corner said lot 4; thence E 23, N 54:05; I
thence to beginning, being portion lot 4, block
D, Hopkins Terrace, Berkeley: $5.
John L. Donovan to same, the E- 10 feet of
N 20 feet lot 21, and E 10 feet of S 20 feet lot
25, block 1. Berkeley View Homestead, quit
claim deed, Berkeley; $40.
C. H. and Mary H. Jouett to same, the E 10
feet lots 21 and 22. block 1, same, quitclaim I
deed, Berkeley; $210.
Isabel Garrido to Domingos Garrido, lot IS.
block 23, Oak Shade Tract. Alameda; gift.
Rene de and Henriette Le Roy de Tocque
ville to Jose R. Mendonca, 42.22 acres on NB
corner of Williams and Menlo streets; thence
NW 1419.60, NE 14%. SE 1230.40, SW 1359.50, to
beginning, excepting 20 feet right of way, etc.,
Eden Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
A. Pauba (owner) with C. Krecker (contrac
tor), architect E. J. Vogel. All work except
plumbing, painting, mantels, chandeliers and |
shades for a 2-story frame building on line i
commencing 75 from SE corner of Seventh and I
Folsom streets, E 25 S 1. W 25, N 1; $23i35.
The Hahnemann Hospital College (owner) I
with George R. Lang (contractor), architects j
Havens & Toepke. All work except painting,
plumbing, sewering, gas fitting, gas fixtures, '
electric wiring and bells, heating and ventil- j
atlng for a 2-story frame building, with fin
ished attic and basement, to be used as a col
lege building, on SW corner of Sacramento and
Maple streets. W 57:6, S 100, W 50, S 32:7 I ! 1. B ;
137:6. N 132:7H: $7728.
Nathan and Lewis Dusenbery (as administra
tors of the estate of Jacob Dupenbery, owners) ;
with George R. Lang (contractor), architects j
Havens & Toepke. Carpenter and iron work,
glazing, copper plated work, hardware, etc., I
for alterations and additions to brick building
known as 200 and 211 Kearny street, W line of
Kearny street, 61:6 N of Sutter, N 25 by W 57:5;
$i2as.
NOTICE TO iIAiiINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants" Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and j
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
Office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand i
for comparison and reference, and the latest '
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
01 Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 12'ith meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S HUGHES,
Lieutenant. TT. S. N.. In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
rises 7:25
sets 6:12
n sets 6:25 p. m.
0 lTlme! l
• l_lpt.|
« 1L W |
'I Ft.
I Ft. ! Ft. 1 Ft.
Ft .
|H W
12 ... 0:24 4.9
13 ... 1:04' 0.1
14 ... 1:44! 5.4!
IB ... 3:25 8.5
16 ... 3:06: 5.6
17 ... 3:50 5.6
18 ... 4:3- 5.7
|H Wj jL Wj JH Wj
L W! H W [L W|
4:58 2.8 U:O5 8.5 6.02—1.1
5:55 2.fi' 12:"0 6.2' 6:46' — 1.3
! 6:04 2.3' 12:.-« 5.8 7:31 —".3
7:55 2.0 1:561 6.3 8:16j 0.3
9:03 1.7 3:001 4.7 9:03' O.n
10:11 1.4 4:12 l 4.3' 9:' l 1.5
'■ 11:221 1.0 5:32' 3.9! 10:42! 2.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tide? of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tlds
Rnd the last or right band column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is tVe mann o^ the Inwi" 1 low writer*.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
.Tanuarj- 11. 1S9 I .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1, c.. at noon of *he 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
T.t<"itpnant. T. S. N . !n charr».
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
imer.
Progreso [Seattle '.Tan. 12
Washtenaw ....(Tacoma 'Jan. 12
Weeott lYaquina Bay Jan. 12
Bristol I Departure Bay I.Tan. 12
Czarina iPuget Sound IJan. 12
Umatilla Victoria * Puget So* j* .Tan. 12
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 12
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 12
Pomona . JHumboldt [Jan. 12
Arcata ICops Bay 'Jan. 12
Alliance iPortiand IJan. 13 j
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Jan. 13 |
Coos Bay I Newport IJan. H i
Chllkat Humboldt Jar.. 15 I
Wyefleld iNanaimo Jan. 16
State California Portland [Jan. 15
Chas. Nelson... lPuKet Sound IJan. 15
North Fork IHumboldt I.Tan. 16
Corona San Diego Jan. 18
Mineola Tacoma Jan. 16
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 16
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound' Jan. 17
Newberg [Grays Harbor Uan. 17
Crescent City... (Crescent City Jan. 17
Orizaba, [Newport Jan. IS
City of Sydney. (Panama Jan. IS
Columbia Portland IJan. 2 " 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer I Destination. Sails. j Pier
k.BlanciuurdlCoofl Bay Jan. 12. 10 am! Pier 13
■bi'.kat ...^Humboldt .... Jan. 12. 2 pm:Pler 13 '
Orizaba ...Newport IJan. 12. 9 amPier 11
Columbia ..Portland Jan. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Weeott ... Cooa Bay Jan. H. 10 amiPler 13
Santa Rosa Pan Diego IJan. 14. 11 amiPJer 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. | Jan. 14, 3 pmPler 2
Arcita roos Bay (Jan. 14, 10 amiPler 13
Pomona ...IHumboldt ;.lan. 14. 2 pm : Pier 9
Curacao ...'.Mexico ,Jan. 14, 10 am Pier 11
Umatilla ..)VJc & Pgt Sd'Jan. 16. 10 amlPier 9
■0..3 Hay...; Newport Jan. 1«, !> am Pier 11
Alliance ... Oregon Port». -lan. 16, 10 am Pier 20
Doric !Ohlna&- Japan Jan. 17. 1 pm PMSS
Corona Pan iMego |Jan. 18, 11 am: Pier v
"lolon 'Panama Jan. 18, 12 m PMSS
3 \r. Klfjcr P'Ttlr.nd '.Tan. IS. in am Pier 24
Steamer
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING IHTBMiIGHJMCB.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. January 11.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, 113 hours from Se-
Stmr Martpnsa, Hayward. 23 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 7 days.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon. 22^ days from Pa
nama, etc.
Stmr Westport, Peterson. 41 hours from New
port (S).
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 11.
Stmr Orizaba. Olsen. San Pedro; Goodull,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Australia, Houdlette. Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn S G Wilder. McXelll. Honolulu: Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co.
Sefar Jennie Wand, Chrlstensen, Kahulul;
Alexander & Baldwiu.
SAILED. * >
Wednesday, January 11.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay. P
Ptnr Gipsy. Inland, Santa Cruz
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Ship Spartan, Polite-, Seattle.
• Ship St Nicholas. Brisham. teeattle.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette. Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 11. 10 P m— Weather
foggy; wind N> ■• :;y 10 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Jan 11-Stmr Huene-
m TACOM A— Cleared Jan 7— Ship Dlriso, for
Q S^ATTLE-Arrived Jan IC-Schr Sequoia^
from Port Townsend; stmr Farallon. from
D SaUed Jan 10-Ger bark Schiffbek. for Queens
town; stmr Garonne, for Honolulu.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 10— Bktn i.n
deavorer, for Honolulu.
EUREKA-Arrived Jan 10-Stmr Pomona,
hence Dec 9. _ *«,_
Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Chilkat. for San Francisco; stmr
Pomona, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK-Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Finance,
for Colon. ,
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Jan 10— Ship Roanoke,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr City of
c, hence Dec 23; schr Esther Buhne, from
Eureka; Haw bark R P Rithet. hence Dec 17;
! bktn Irmgard, hence Dec 15; bktn J D Spreck
i els, hence Dec 15; Jap stmr Konoura Maru.
I from Yokohama. Dec 31— Br stmr Gaelic, hnc
I Pec :4; brig Consuelo. from Kahului. Jan 3—
| Br bark Dominion, from Newcastle. Aus: schr
| Alice Cooke, from Port Gamble: Br bark Acam
| bla. from Liverpool; Br stmr Tartar, -from Yo
i kohama. Jan 4— Stmr Mariposa, from Sydney.
Sailed Dec 30— Bktn Planter, for San Fran
cisco; stmr City of Peking, for Yokohama; Br
stmr Doric, for San Francisco. Dec 31— Br
ship Euterpe, for Adelaide; schr Transit, for
San Francisco; Nor bark Fantasl. for Vlc
-1 toria; stmr City of Peking, for Yokohama; Br
! stmr Gaelic, for Yokohama. Jan I— V S stmr
| McCulloch. for San Francisco. Jan 3— Bktn
i City of Adelaide, for Humboldt.
FLUSHING- -Sailed Dec 23— Br bark Natuna,
for Port Los Angeles, and passed Beachy Head
Dec 25.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Railed Nov 24— Br bark
Brussels, for Sun Francisco. Nov 29— Br ship
Centeslma. for San Francisco. Dec 6— Br ship
! Cardigan ( \ San Francisco. Dec 7—
! Bktn Mary Winkelman, for Kahului. Dec 8—
!Br ship Gen Roberts, for San Francisco. Deo
16 — Schr Oceania Vance, for Honolulu; bktn
Newsboy, for Honolulu. Dec 17— Br ship Bren
da. for San Francisco.
In rort Dec 19— Br ship Andreta. for San
Francisco; bark Carnndelet for San Francisco;
bktn Jane L Stanford, for Honolulu; schr King
Cyrus, for Honolulu: bark McNear. for Hon.-
I lulu; schr Muriel, for Honolulu;' schr Olga. for
Kahului; barks Prussia and Sonoma, Chil ship
Star of Bengal, Br bark Strathdon, for San
Francisco.
Chartered to load— Br bark Adderly. schr Car
rier Dove and bktn Phas F Crocker, for Hono
lulu: Br bark Darra. for San Diego; ship
Eclipse. Chil ship Euterpe, ship Florence, bark
Gen Fairchlld. for San Francisco; schr Defi
ance, bark Edward May. bk?n Geo C Perkins,
schr Golden Shore, schr H D Rendixsen, Haw
bark Himalaya. Haw schr Honolulu, schr Inca,
for Honolulu: bark Harvester, Br ship Howth,
Br ship Hyderabad, for San Francisco; sohr
Honoipu, for Kahuluij ship John C Potter, ship
Louisiana, prhr Novelty, srhr W H Talbot.
Fchr Wm Bfwden, for Honolulu; Haw shiD
John Ena, bark John Palmer, ship J B Thomas,
for San Francisco; schr Lizzie Vance. Ital
bark Marie, bark Palmyra, bktn Robert Sud
den, bark Seminole, Chil ship Star of Italy,
for San Francisco; Fr hark Marguerite Moll
nos, for Oregon; schr Metha Nelson, for Ka
hului.
MELBOURNF.— Arrived Dec 24— Schr Carrier
Dove, from Chemainus. Dec 9— Br bark Gladys,
from Chemainus. Dec 10— Haw hark Himalaya,
hence Sept 4. Dec 17— Ship .T"hn C Potter, from
Tacoma. Dec 3— Br bark Veritas. from Che
mainus.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Nov 21— Ship M P Grace,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 2S— Br bark Adderley, from Port
Blakeley. Nov 29— Bktn Chas F Crocker, from
Chemalnus. Dec 6— Br bark Martha Fisher,
hence Oct 5. Nov 20— Russ bark Westbury. hno
Sept 3.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived Dec 18— Schr W
H Talbot, from Port Ludlnw.
PORT PIRIE-Arrived Dec 12— Haw ship
John Ena, from Port Ludlow.
lllLO— Arrived Dec 2S— Schr La Nlnfa, from
New Whatcom. Dec 29— Bark Amy Turner,
hence Dec 13.
KAHULUI-Arrived Dec 23— Bark Hesper.
from Australia. Dec 28— Bktn Wrestler, hence
Dec 7.
Sailed Pw 28— Brig Consuelo, for Honolulu.
AfTJ" A "XT TXi A MUT
j OCEAN TBAVEL.
PHP l f9&BEs The S. S. MARl-
|ri|itj|||||LPOSA sails via Hon. -
rfc " w lulu and Auckland for
■ .. — "^ Sydney Wednesday,
Ou^nV.m. \ Jan - 25, at 10 p. m.
nMEdIRSIWD^ s - s - AUSTRALIA
/~tnr\-ihit salls for Honolulu
(O(nLJult«" February
i^iiif/ui^ s> 1g99 at 2 p. m
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
; TOWN, South Africa.
! J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
I Freight Office— Market Ft., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co, 1
fcfcL Steamers leave Broadway
lS»SSft*fc. wharf, San Francisco: '
i »SiS&S»W For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
i ' tSrVSr?^ Jan. 11, 16. 21. 26, 31; Feb. 6;
: '^^it^^l change at Seattle.
MXr^fl&al or Victoria. Vancouver, (B.
Bm^BU C.), Port Townsend. Seattle,
' i Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortea
"■"h<ll and New Whatcom (Wash).
10 a. m.. Jan. 11. 16, 21. 26. 31;
Feb. 5. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. ra., Jan.
14, 19, 24, 29; Feb. 3, and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayueos, Port Harford, (San Luis Oblspo),
! Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
' San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 16, 20, 24, 28; Feb.
' 1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Jan. 14, 18. 22, 26, 30, Feb. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 14, Feb. 9,
Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang«
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and hours of yaillnsr.
TICKKT OFFICE- New Montgomery
: street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. co,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
Fine SI 2 First Class Including Berths
THiiL SS Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails Jan. 3, IS. 23, Feb. 2.
State of California sails Jan. 8, 18, 28, Feb. 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butted
Helena. and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
! > ;v. Superintendents.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Bran nan streets, 1 p. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and >
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Wednesday, Jan. is
AMERICA MARU Tuesday Feb 21
HONGKONG MARU Friday. 'March 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
Oompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ,^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday ■4&? i &\
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42," North liylj" lo?
River, 'foot of Morton street
LA BRETAGNE "... Jan „
LA NORMANDIE '" i-Tr, m
LA GASCOGNE §.";. ft
LA CHAMPAGNE p-i, 11
L.A BRETAGNE , £££" IS
First class to Havre. $C 3 and upward. 5 ' per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip
i&v^ ?;"! 011 UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
TOUR WITH COURIER TO
JAPAN AND CHINA
Leaving San Francisco Feb. 11. 1899.
Bend for book containing full particulars.
RAYMOND A WHITCOMB,
61 Crocker hutUHnc. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. riAVMAJID AND YALLEJoT^
Stumor "Monticello."
Km Tuea., Wed., Than, and Sat
_»;4S ft. m.,1 H 9 m. (S:3O p. m. except Thur')
'■■"• i» 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m
Bun.taya..,. 10:30 a. m. and 8p m!
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier I
Telephone Main 1508.AGUINALDO ACTING
ON THE DEFENSIVE
ILOILO JIT
THE MERCY
OF AMERICANS
Gould Take the Place
in Twenty Minutes.
■TROOPS NOT YET LANDED
NATIVE PRESS IN TJOLY
HUMOR.
Qeneral Rios Insists That the Situa
: . tion of Affairs in the
Islands Is Most
Grave.
pteffti rablp to The Call and the New York
I. O pyrlghted, 1599, by Jam<?3 Gor
. n I.cnnett.
MANILA, ~Jan. ll.— The
American troops remain at Iloilo,
■•their transports being anchored
se to the town. They could
take the place in twenty minutes
if the order was given.
The pro-republican press of
the Philippines continues to pub
lish inflammatory articles against
annexation to the United States.
The general situation is un
changed.
Aguinaldo has or
dered his army to act
on the defensive only.
MADRID, Jan. n.— General
Rios, the Spanish commander,
has reiterated the assertion that
the situation of affairs in the Phil-
ippine Islands is most grave. The
rebels, it appears, are concentrat
ing in the neighborhood of Man
ila, with the intention of attack
ing that place. Great prepara
tions are being made for the de
fense of the city.
The Spanish general also as
serts that the nadves of the Vis
cayas have again refused to per
mit the Americans to land,
threatening to resist by force if
an attempt is made to do so. The
Americans, therefore, according
to General Rios, have abandoned
the idea of disembarking, and he
confirms the previous statement
to the effect that they are unwill
ing to bombard Uoilo "because
the European houses are stocked
with petroleum with the view of
being set alight by the American
shells."
General Rios alleges that the
rebels are determine! to fight
Americans before reinforcements
arrive from the United States. In
conclusion General Rios says
Aguinaldo's proclamation has
''produced immense enthusiasm
among the rebels."
PHILIPPINES WILL NOT
BE HELD PERMANENTLY
Washington. Jan. 11.— a climax
Tvgs reached to-day in the debate on
the question of f-xpansion which !g In
[p the Penatf!. Heretofore all
of the speeches, with the notable excep
tion of that of I'latt of Connecticut,
have been in opposition to what is pre
sumed to be the policy of the adminis
tration with respect to the acquisition
< f the Philippines. To-day Foraker of
( (hit) addressed the Senate In opposition
t'j the declaration of the Vest resolu
•hat the United States has no con
etitutiona; acquire foreign ter
■ to be maintained as colonies.
"While much of his ?p^ech was devoted
constitutional argument in «up-
tie right of this country as a
>.at!.n to acquire and govern outlying
territory, he gave particular attention
. to the utterances that have been made
to , contravention of that position, es-
jovially those of Vest and Hoar. For
. has a clear, direct and forceful
style of oratory which commands at
lon, not only by reason of the recog
":. iil-zed ability of the man, but also by
■ Mp Impetuosity and power as a speaker.
He Is at his host in a running-fire de
. the frequency of interruptions
to-day afforded him ample opportunity
; to" elucidate his argument to the best
.advantage. He laid down the broad
/proposition that to adopt the Vest reso
lution was to declare that our fathers
: ; Tj.ad- brought forth a nation that was
•inferior to all other nations, regardless
oj. the generally accepted idea that one
: -nation was the equal of another and all
.I qtially restricted. He maintained that
tile, right to acquire territory was an
inherent right of nationality, and that
as.we have the right to make war and
tg <-nter into treaty agreements, it fol.
lo*rs logically that we have the power
t'i acquire territory by conquest and to
assume the responsibilities that may
apcrue therefrom.
Foraker's strong assertion that the
acquisition of the Philippines was tem
porary in character created a sensation
in the chamber. He maintained, how
ever, that we have a legal right to hold
the islands permanently.
Prior to the speech by Foraker a
•harp debate wats precipitated by Allen
TREATY OF PEACE IS
REPORTED FAVORABLY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The Senate Committee on Foreign Re
lations to-day authorized Senator Davis to report the peace treaty
favorably without amendment. The committee was in session for only
an hour, and the greater part of this time was consumed in waiting
for a quorum, the Senators meantime discussing informally the pro
visions of the treaty.
There was only a bare quorum of the committee present, but
Senators Cullom and Clarke, who were among the absentees, sent
their proxies. Senators Morgan and Gray were the only Democrats
in attendance, but the other Democratic members— Senators Daniel,
Mills and Turpie— had full notice of the purpose of the meeting, and
they indicated no opposition to immediate action.
There was no suggestion of any amendment in committee. Sen
ator Davis was instructed to press the treaty upon the attention of
the Senate, with a view to securing as early action as possible. The
committee also authorized Senator Davis to report favorably upon
the proposition to remove the injunction of secrecy.
During the executive session of the Senate Berry moved that the
debate upon the treaty should be conducted In open Senate, but the
motion went over until to-morrow. There were only casual remarks
upon the policy of publicity, and these were generally favorable to
the removal of the secrecy injunction from the treaty and as gener
ally opposed to the c-pening of the doors of the Senate for the debate
upon the treaty.
Senator Davis gave notice that he would ask for the earliest pos
sible consideration, giving the impression that he would move to
take up the treaty to-morrow.
of Nebraska, by some remarks he made
upon a resolution he had introduced.
Hoar of Massachusetts and Gray of
Delaware were drawn into it.
Bacon of Georgia offered the follow
ing Joint resolution:
1 Resolved, That the Government and the
people of the United States have not waged
the recent war with Spain tor conquest and for
the acquisition of foreign territory, but soleb
fcr the purpose set forth In the resolution of
Congress making; the declaration of said war,
the acquisition of such tracts of land or har
bora as mmay be necessary for governmental
purposes being not deemed Inconsistent with
1 I That in demanding and receiving the ces
sion of the Philippines It Is not the purpose
of the Government of the United States to se
cure and maintain domain over the same as
a part of the territory of the United States or
to incorporate the inhabitants thereof as citi
zens of the United States or to hold said In
habitants as vassals or subjects of this uov-
S. That whereas, at the time of th» declara
tion of war by the United States against Spain
and prior thereto the inhabitants of the Philip
pine Islands were actively engaged in a war
with Spain to achieve their Independence; and
whereas, said purpose and the military opera
tions thereunder have net been abandoned, but
are still being actively prosecuted thereunder:
therefore, in recognition of and in obedience to
the principle announced in the great declara
tion that "governments derive their just pow
ers from the consent of the governed, the
Government of the United -States recognizes
and that the people of the Philippine Islands
of a right ought to be free and Independent;
that with this view and to give effect to the.
same the Government of the United States has
required the Government of Spain to relinquish
its authority and government In the Philippine
Islands and to withdraw its land and naval
forces from the said Philippines and from the
waters thereof. ,
4. That the United States hereby disclaim
any disposition to exercise sovereignty. Juris
diction or control over the said Islands, and
assert their determination, when an Independ
ent government shall have been duly erected
therein entitled to recognition as such, to
transfer to . a! government, upon terms which
shall be reasonable and Just, all rights se
cured under the cession by Spain and to there
upon leave thf> government and control of the
Islands to their people.
Allen introduced a resolution declaring
that aggressive action against the Fili
pinos would be unwarranted, and in a
speech said he did not think war could
be waged without the consent of Con
gress. .
Foraker was thrn recognized ana pro
ceeded to deliver his set speech on the
general question of the power to extend
our territory. An assertion of the tem
porary character of our possession "f the
Philllipines oreattd a stir in the chamber.
Forak- r reiterated it. We could nut <1p-
Bert tho people of the islands, he said,
and subject them to the risks of disorder,
anarchy, misrule and mob rule while they
might * 1"' still unfit for self-govern
ment. But our occupation was not to be
permanent. "I do not understand that
any one desires anything- but the ultimate
Indepi ' the people of the Philip
pines," paid he, emphatically, "neither tne
nor any on* in this chamber.
"But what about our rignt if we chose
to hold them permanently with no
thought of their ultimate independence?"
Inquired Hoar.
'•We have an unquestioned right to do
so," replied Foraker. "I speak particu
larly of our legal right."
"What of the statement about hauling
down the American flag?" interjected
Hoar.
"No one desires to retain the Philippines
permanently," replied Foraker again.
"The President is as much a lover of lib
erty, truth and justice as is the Senator
from Massachusetts, and hi? love of lib
erty goes out to tho people of the Philip
pines as unerringly as to his own."
"Then we are to understand the state
ment that the American flag is not to be
hauled down." said Hoar, "does not mean
that we are to hold perpetual domain. If
the people of the Philippines believe their
happiness can be best secured by self
government they are to be given an op
portunity to govern themselves?"
"With the determination of the ultimate
policy respecting the Philippines," replied
Foraker, "their feelings will have much
to do. No one, so far as 1 am able to
learn Is prepared by force and violence
to take and hold tiinm. I am willing to
trust the Administration. I have no sym
pathy with those who talk of making war
on Aguinaldo any more than I had with
those who talked of making war on Go
mez."
"Thank God for that," murmured Hoar
from his seat, but in a Voice audi
ble through the chamber.
"I repeat," <<intinue<3 Foraker, "that we
had four choices as to what we should
do. and I affirm that the President acted
wisely. Jt is now for Congress to in
vestigate whether the Filipinos are capa
ble of self-"government and whether they
desire self-government. We will know
in a short time what the feeling of the
population of the islands is. Then we
can act intelligently, and I know we will
act justly."
In conclusion, Foraker said he would
place In the record the recent proclama
tion of the President to the insurgents as
a declaration of the spirit and purpose of
the United States. When he took his seat
there was a demonstration of approval
from the galleries, which was unchecked
by the presiding officer.
At the conclusion of Foraker's speech
Allen of Nebraska continued briefly the
debate upon the constitutional questions
relating to the acquisition of the Philip
pines. He combated the position t.-tk'-n
by Foraker, maintaining that the United
States Government could not constitution
ally acquire the Philippine Islands with
out the ultimate object in view of admit
ting them into the Union as a State.
At 3:10 O'clock, on motion of Davis,
chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, the Senate went Into executive
At the conclusion of the executive ses
sion Morgan of Alabama 'announced that
Sullivan of Mississippi was not ready to
proceed with his speech on the Nicaragua
canal bill, and on his motion, at 3:::5 p. m.,
the Senate adjourned.
BATTLESHIP IOWA IS
COMING TO THIS PORT
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The War
Department is negotiating for a charter
of the steamer Centennial, now at San
Francisco, to carry stores and com
missary supplies to Manila.
Captain Barker to-day cabled the
Navy Department from Callao, Peru,
that he was about to sail with the Ore
gon, the Scandia and the Iris directly
for Honolulu on the way to Manila.
At the same time the battle-ship lowa,
which had accompanied the Oregon
around from New York, started north
ward for San Francisco in company
with the collier Justin and the supply
steamer Celtic, her voyage being about
4000 miles in length.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
WHEN TROOPS MAY
BE MUSTERED OUT
Call Office, Rigga House,
Washington, Jan. 11.
The Call correspondent In
quired at the War Depart
ment to-day whether the situ
ation in the Philippines was
likely to postpone the muster
ing out of the First California
and other volunteer regiments.
Adjutant General Corbin said:
"It has been our purpose to
muster out the volunteer regi
ments as rapidly as possible, for
they were enlisted to serve dur
ing the war with Spain. Strictly
speaking the war cannot be said
to have ended until the treaty of
peace is ratified, but to all in
tents and purposes it ceased
weeks ago. We appreciated the
fact that the soldiers in the
Philippines, so far away from
home, had endured many priva
tions and were anxious to give
them preferment It was and is
yet our intention to muster out
the Philippine volunteers as
soon as practicable. But you
can see as well as I that nothing
definite can be promised. Regu
lars will leave New York in a
few days for Manila, and if by
that time affairs there are tran
quil or comparatively bo several
volunteer regiments will be mus
tered out. They will be relieved
In the order In which they were
assigned to service there. In
this case the First California will
be one of the first to be dis
charged. This Is all I can say."
FIRM STAND AS
TO PHILIPPINES
No Nonsense to Be
Taken From Natives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Major General Otis cabled
to the War Department to-day that no
ohange had occurred in the situa
tion in the Philippines. It is under
stood the authorities have been
told the wishes of the Filipinos respect
ing the future government of the Isl
ands by the representatives of Aguin
aldo, who conferred yesterday with the
American officers, and careful con
sideration was given them during the
conference held at the White House
this afternoon by the President and
Secretary of War.
What the result of the confernce was
could not be learned, but there is
reason to believe the administration
will not budge from its position to es
tablish peace and order in the islands.
The Filipinos are to be impressed with
the good-will and friendship which the
United States has for them.
But there must be recog
nition o? and obedience to
the sovereignty of the
United States.
General Otis' action In appointing
commissioners to meet representatives
of the insurgents Is approved in official
circles here. It is declared that it does
not necessarily follow that the In
surgents are thereby recognized as
belligerents and that the United States
is treating them as such. The confer
ence was held to impress the natives
with the friendly purpose of the United
States. This policy will be continued
until a satisfactory agreement is
reached, which will mean obedience to
the desires of the United States or
until the treaty of peace is ratified,
when a different policy may be put in
force.
The friends of Germany are much in
censed by the report that the Berlin
Government is secretly aiding Aguin
aldo. It Is true the attitude of Ger
many several months ago gave rise to
apprehension to the Administration,
but has since given strong indications
of her intentions to be strictly neutral,
and has gone so far as to decline to
permit her consular representatives In
the Philippines to take care of the in
terests of Spanish subjects.
Germany, to quote a gen
tleman with whom I talked,
is too friendly disposed
toward the United States
to take any untoward
steps regarding the Philip
pines.
It may be that Aguinaldo is obtaining
foreign support, and the authorities
are looking into the subject. As soon
as the treaty of peace Is ratified, the
administration will be in a position to
protest to Great Britain or China, in
case any further filibustering expedi
tions start from their Jurisdiction for
the archipelago.
FRANCE SUBMITS AN
ULTIMATUM TO CHINA
Demands Cash Indemnity and
Certain Mining Privileges for
the Murder of a Priest.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 11.— According to mail advices by the
steamship Empress of Japan, arriving here to-day, France has made
demands on China In connection with the death of the priest. Father
Fleury, which if not acceded to mean, if not actual war, very
strained relations between the two countries which may ultimately
result in war. Father Fleury was some time ago captured by ban
dits and is now reported dead. The Chinese Government was warned
by the brigand chief that if soldiers were sent after him he would
behead the French priest. Notwithstanding this threat Chinese troops
advanced toward tMe brigands' stronghold. The priest was murdered,
but the rebel chief, Yuman-Tse, was afterward gTanted high honors
as a reward for laying down his arms.
The French Government officials in China has now made a for
mal demand for 5,000,000 taels indemnity for the death of the priest,
and also demands from China mining privileges in the rich placer
district of Yunnan, from which the French recently were driven
out.
Should China refuse to accede to France's demands forthwith,
the French Minister at Shanghai informs the Chinese Government,
a military expedition will without delay be sent into the interior of
China, via Yunnan and Szechuan. When the Empress of Japan left
Hongkong the ultimatum of the French Minister was still under con
sideration. Editorial comments in the vernacular press are to the
effect that China will never yield to the demands of France, par
ticularly as regards indemnity for the death of the priest. The at
tempt of France to seize territory in the Yang-Tse "Valley recently
aggravated the already bad feeling between the two countries and the
late insolent demands have, the papers say, brought matters almost
to a climax.
China may accede to the demand for mining privileges, but will
not take any responsibility for the death of Father Fleury. One pa
p^r says: "The situation is very strained and we now look for the
worst."
RUSSIANS AND
JAPS IN BATTLE
Conflict Between Ma
rines at Nagasaki.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 11.— Mail
advices by the steamship Empress of
Japan, which arrived here from the
Orient to-day, tell of a desperate fight
Which occurred in the middle of De
cember between Russian marines, sixty
in number, and a large squad of Japan
ese marines belonging to the torpedo
department.
The Russians had landed at Fuchi
Inasa, Nagasaki, and after military ex
ercises adjourned in a body to a mili
tary inn, where they drank freely. After
several hours spent ashore in this man
ner the officer in command gave an
order to return to the 3hip, saying at
the same time if any • Japanese got
in the way to cut them down.
Unfortunately a squad of very or
derly Japanese marines were just en
tering the city by the main ro-ad, which
the Russians were taking to leave. The
thoroughfare being narrow they cau
tiously formed in single file and were
about to pass qnietly by the Russians,
when the captain of the latter, with a
curse, ordered them to turn back.
The little brownies refused the re
quest of the Czar's bluejackets, and a
small lieutenant boldly strode up to
the Russian captain and slapped him in
the face, at the game time calling upon
him for an apology. A desperate hand
to-hand fight ensupd, in which about
twenty men on both sides w r ere badly
cut and bruised. The Japs, although
outnumbered two to one, held the Rus
sians in check until reinforcements ar
rived from the city in the shape of stu
dents from the gymnasium. With poles
and clubs the Russians were belabored
until they screamed for mercy. They
fled back to the city and demanded pro
tection at the Japanese barracks, which
was grudgingly granted them. Public
feeling is very strong against the Rus
sians and an investigation is demanded.
It is stated that two Japs will die from
injuries.
First Past the Judges.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 11.— Weather
cloudy; track heavy. Results:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Molo
won, Tinkler second, Glenmoyq© third.
Time, 1:17%.
Second race, one mile, selling'— Morning
won, Our Clara second. Sir Blaze third.
Time, 1:47.
Third race, two miles, selling—Rock
wood won, Possum second, Bquan third.
Time. 3:47.
Fourth race, 6ix furlongs, handicap —
Kleipper' won, Dave S second, Henrica
third. Time. 1:17.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling—Agi
tator won. Can T See 'Em second, Ma
Angeline third. Time, 1:32%.
Advances ma<ie on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. .T. N'oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
CRIMINAL LAWS FOR
ALASKA APPROVED
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— The H«use to
day completed and passed the bill for the
codification of the criminal laws of Alas
ka, upon winch it has been working in
termittently for a week.
An amendment was adopted providing
a high license system* in the. Territory,
with a epecles of local option. Liquor
dealers by its provisions are to pay a li
cense of $1-0 a year, and the consent of
> the majority of the white citizens residing
i within two miles of a liquor dealer's
establishment must be obtained before a
! license can be secured. An attempt to re
commit the bill for the purpose of secur
ing the adoption of a provision excluding
convicts from service on juries was de
feated. _
Hunting for Sunken Spanish
Treasure Ships, a new American in
dustry, in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS GOOD FOR WOMEN AS FOR MEN.
/f BUISUN CITT, Cal., Jan. 7, 1899.
/^ ,& DR. PIERCE & SON— Dear Sirs: It v haa
If \ 4*i\ been' some little time since I received your last
l'f t v*,| . Belt, and I have been waiting to see how
I* ' ffSj?W things went. First of all I jnust tell you of
• eSTTISUX CITY, I have found that
DR. PIERCE & SON— Dear Sirs: It has
been some littie time since I received your last
Belt, and I have been waiting to see how
things went. First of all I .must tell you of
the one I bought for myself. I have found that
Ifr ? ' V**-^| It ha * 9 done me so much good that I feel it is
V- -sK*fßK^'^J my duty to tell you something about It. It
&'^*&slij has ENTIRELY CURED me of those Nervous
\ . *^**5>RkS» » Troubles and of what caused them— rheuma-
l y^^ / y kS&x ' v "^Mffi/r tlsm, neuralgia, — and I have had them so
-. <t§SK^V< bad in m ears that I could not sleep. It has
ISpTW\v!J&I *<il'* / <k^i§§& entirely cured me of Rheumatism, from which
X '^\W *■ >%'-* :L^K9P*s>v I have been a great Fufferer for years, and I
'•* \ '^'r^iJ^imafii^V feel better all "To" 111 ': digestion is better,
\\\v\VnwK^\W^Pf' ' stomach troubles letter and feel Jollier and
\\\\^W k V \vSsSnHßW^fflH|B'y; V more lighthearteJ. I Intend to recommend it to
V^WaV»x!*\s>S©JKslMHks| ly anybody who wants to know anything about
VWOT®^® t' electric belts. As I tell them, if you want a
* VN\ \ -^SSttmlii GOOD Belt— get "DR. PIERCES."
\SNtf iVrF 1 Yours respectfully. MRa HELEN CORK.
* tCSend S cents In stamps for our ILLUS-
Dp. Pierce, Inventor. TRATED PAMPHLET No. 2, or call at office.
PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
VENTURA COUNTY
GETS A WETTING
First Genuine Rain in
Three Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HUENEME, Jan. 11.— The first genuine
rainstorm that has Moss^l this valley
since 1595 began here at daybreak yester
day and continued almost without cessa
tion till sundown, during which time 4.15
inches fell. At Oxnard, five miles inland,
4.32 inches of precipitation was registered.
The mountains surrounding the valley
are covered with snow to their very base
linos. This afternoon the storm broke
out afresh, with the wind blowing briskly I
from the southeast, and the barometer
falling steadily. Indications are that the
rainfall for the storm will reach six
inches, making it a record-breaker for
this section of the State.
It 1? t^timated by conservative business
men here that the benefit to be derived
from the storm can easily be valued at
(2,000,000 fur this county. It is stated that
the sugar factory at Oxnard will at once
be enlarged to douMi: its present capacity,
thus affording facilities for the crushing
of -'"<> tons of beets dally.
Barley hay was selling here at $2o a
ton previous to the storm, but since the
fears of another dry year entertained by
farmers have been so gloriously dissipated
the price will be reduced considerably!
The storm will have the eIT lucing
the price of lima beans to a figure that ;
will awaken the market from its long :
lethargy and invite Eastern trade. The
acreage that will be planted to wheat and |
barley in Ventura County this season is
estimated at 55. UW acres; beans, 35,000
; sugar beets, 18,000 acres, and corn,
SUOO acres.
The plight of cattle men up to yester
day has Been a most deplorable one, ow
ing to the drought and lack of feed on the
ranges in the eastern extremity of the ;
county. In a single band of cattle over
SuO head died during the past two months.
the only sustenance to be found being that
afforded l.y the cactus plant. Men have '
been hired for the especial purpose of
cutting the plant and burning the thorns
in order to make the Spiny shrub fit for
fodder. In other parts the wholesale
slaughter of cattle has been going on to
end their suffering.
WOODLAND, Jan. 11.— At noon to-day
the rainfall for the storm amounted to
L 52 inches, making a total of 6.57 inches '
for the season. In the western part of the
county the rainfall has been much heav
ier. A dispatch from Rumsey says: "At
noon to-day the gauge showed aprecipita- :
tion of 2.16 inches for the storm. There
were intermittent showers during the af
ternoon. Tuesday night the horizon
cleared and the stars shone out clear and
bright. At this writing the skies are
overcast, the wind is in the right direc
tion for a continuation of the storm and i
a light sprinkle has already commenced.
The prospects are good for the heaviest i
storm for many years. The beneficial re- I
gults to the farmers and fruit-growers
of Capay Valley can hardly be overesti
mated. The hay crop Is already assured.
But little more rain Is needed to i:
good grain crops. A few weeks ago the
fruit trees were suffering in consequence
of the drought and there was grave dan
ger of a serious loss in trees as well as
short crops. Now all danger from that
source seems past and good crops are
reasonably sure. The people of Western
Yolo are encouraged to take a cheerful
view of the outlook."
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 11.— The storm which
commenced at noon here yesterday was
the hardest and most general downpour
throughout the county which has oc
curred within the past two years. The
storm was a steady downpour up to 7
p. m., when for half an hour it was a
veritable cloudburst. The rainfall in the
city for the storm was 1.31 inches, mak
ing 3.11 inches for the season, against OS
inches for the total season last year. The
heaviest rainfall of the storm in this vi
cinity was at Cuyamaca dam, where 3.60
Inches fell in eighteen hours. Small wash
outs occurred on the National City and
Otay and Santa Fe roads, but the trains
are running to-day.
MILTON, Jan. 11.— The heaviest storm
In several years prevailed here to-d:iy.
Last night rain fell to the depth of 1.33
inches. To-day rain fell heavily at in
tervals and a terrific wind amounting to
almost a gale blew from the southeast.
Roofs were denuded of their coverings
and windmills and fences blown down.
With this storm the last fear of a dry sea
son has vanished. Stages leaving points
In the mountains early in the morning to
connect with the afternoon train here
report an exceedingly heavy storm ln
the mountains and a larg« addition to the
supply of snow.
KING CITY, Jan. 11.— Rain has been
falling here for the past twenty-four
hours and everything indicates that the
season of 1599 will be a prosperous one
for Monterey County. The present storm
means thousands of dollars' increase in
<^rops and with even a reasonable amount
of rain between now and May will insure
plenty of water for the entire season and
a sufficient supply of grass on the ranges j
for the cattle.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 11.-Rain be- 1
gan falling again this afternoon, pre
ceded by a heavy hailstorm and thunder.
Hail covered the ground to a depth of
an inch, giving the appearance of snow.
Old and young were out playing snow
ball.
The rain began to descend again about
11 o'clock this morning and the weather
has been showery all afternoon. There
has been very little wind to-day.
VISALIA, Jan. IL— A masmifleent rain
fell hero yesterday. The rainfall was
.77 and for the season 5.30. The rain was
general all over the county.
Married in San Rafael.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 11.— A quiet and
pretty •wedding took place at noon to-day
in the Watt cottage in the hotel grounds,
when Miss Adelia H. Davidson was mar
ried to Harrison Dlbblee. Only the inti
mate friends of the two families wore
present. Th«^ ceremony was performed by
> Moreland. The bride is well
known both here ami In R;m Francisco.
She is the daughter of David B. David
son of S,'\n Francisco, the cashier of the
Nevada National Bank. She is a blonde
of an exceedingly beautiful type. She has
enjoyed the advantages of education and
travel and is a woman of charming per
sonality. Mr. Dlbblee is a resident of Ross
Valley 'and 13 interested in mining. After
the ceremony the couple left for a south
ern tour. They will make their home at
Placerville.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PRESTIDIGITATOR
Can work no more magical effects than
we produce on soiled linen.
Our ■work is modern; our . methods
perfect, and the magical effects of no
"saw edges" on garments leaving our
establishment is noticeable on every
one of our patrons' faces.
The United States Laundry, office
x 1004 Market street Telephono
- South 420
GREAT REDUCTION SALE
FURNITURE
AND
CARPETS !
A tremendous line of all grades of FURNI-
TURE, CARPETS, ETC., Just arrived too late
for holiday trade. As we are greatly over-
crowded we have marked all goods at aston-
! ishingly low prices for the month of January.
Call and convince yourselves.
Liberal credit to all.
T. B. BRILLIANT, Successor
ARONSON FURNITURE CO.
338 and 340 Post st., bet. Stockton and PowelL
Tel. Main 1850. Free delivery across the bay.
g^^Dß. HALL'S EEINYIGORATOR
&2aißfiH Five hundred reward for any case
5313 IB cie cannot cure. This secret' remedy
j m stops all losses in 24 hours, cure*
n| BSflj Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele.
R3B Wttl Conorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
iljhi \ri}l Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
sff" &*•*? Cectsof self -abuse or excesses. Sent
■gTWUwggjaM sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles, ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
q vii* DR. JORDAN'S Great
iJ|r Museum of Anatomy
/IPlrl'L 1051 MAEKET8T. tot. 6th* 7th, S. F. CaL ■
H > « 8 The Largert of lti kind In the World.
l||M\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases. j
B, VPCwT/ JL Comaltßtion fre«. TVrlte for B»ok
tO I^PhlloMphy^r Carriage.
* w MAILED FREE.
/^~*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, ,
JUyflßfcJJ *>-'"> REARS Y ST. Established
■nv^ffl In "*■** ' or the treatment of Private
BB I.X #Hf Discuses, Lost ilanh(K>d. Debility or
H^jQl 'lisfnsf wearing on bodyand mindaud
wl^Hßnffl| skin Diseases. Th« doc!orrureswhen
JBBjUrtfiß otnei ' Bfall - Try him. Charges low I
?N)g»JVtrij.rr^!l jjstaranl«>f <1. C.illorwrlte.
9>r. J. f. UIBBOX. Box 1957. San Francisco
EAILBOAJ) TBAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves 3a:i
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1:30 P.M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR, Ob-
servation Car and / Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car. r
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAM FMICISCO TICKETIfFICE— 523 MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 16«.
: Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satualito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCIBCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:S>, •3:30. 11:00 a. m.; *1:«.
»:46, 5:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:OO, 'lO:*. »ll:30 a. m.; 1:15.
1:00, *4:30. 6:15 d. m.
Trains marked ♦ run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, '6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
! •12:20, 2:20. '3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. '3:00, '10:00, ' »U:55 a. m.;
•1:15. »3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.:
12:35, 2:45. 3:f,0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. 12:05. 1:20. 3:10.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20 a.m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p.m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .
1:30 a.m. — Duncan Mills and way tta'a,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday,
B«pt. 11. 1898:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. .
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Mark*
| street, Ean Francisco, i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JScarteSs'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
kittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
! Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
: feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
I ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
MOI'THKBW I'ACII'IC CO3IPAXY.
(PACIFIO •MUM.)
Train* 1*»t« mini iti-e due to nrrlTC nl
NAN FUAN«!IMiO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tSAVB — Fr.ou Dec. 18, 1893. — arritb
*6:OOa NUeg, San Jose and Way Stations... ♦5143*
7:OO*. Bauicia, Buisun and Sacramento . ... 3: 1 5p
7:OOa Marysville. OrovUleand Redding via
Woodland 5:4»p
7:OOa Elmira, Vacarille and Romsoj' H:4or
7:30 a Martinez, -San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
• Otli»toga and Santa Rosa OilSp
B:<>oa Atlantic Kxpress, Ugdeu and Khb«.. 8:45p
S::h'a San Jose, LiTermore, Htocktou,
lone, Sacramento, PlactrtiUe,
Mnry»»ille, (Jhlco, Ue« Itlurt -«il»p
SiSOa "Milton, Oakdaleaud Jameswara... 4:lBr
9:00 a Martinez, Tr«cy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:13p
9iooa Fresno, llakergueld, "Santa H»i!^r»,
Los Augelea, Deming, £1 l\so.
New Orleans and Bast fli43p
1O:OOa Vallrjn, Martiuez and Way Stations 7.-45*
13:00 m Niles, LiTermore, Stockton, Haora-
mento, Mendotu, Haufurd, VUalia,
Porterrilla air... 4j I (If
■l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers a S:OOp
4iOUr Martinez, Han Rauion, Vallejo,
Napa, Cttllatotfu. Santa Rosa 0:10 a
4:O»p Benicia, VacatiHe, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTille, Orotille 10:45 a
4t3or Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7ilSp
3:UOp San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bakernfield, Los
Angeles 9:45
S:80p Stockton, Merced, Freouo 18:13*
5:30p Martinez, Tracy. I'eudota, Frfßno,
MojaTo, Sauta TTarl>ara and Los
Ailgnl^ 8:«3A
|5:00P Pacific Coast Limited, El Paso.
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago and East {9:45 A
Oi3«P Santa Va Tto.i., . AUuutltt i.m-
forMoJafe and Knit 0:45 p
SiOOpEuropeau Mail. Ogilen and I'.aat 0:45*
6:0 Op Hay wards, Nlles and Han Jose 7i45a
•6:00 p Vallejo 18:1 3p
t?iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9«43»
BiOOp Oregon I'.xprnsa, Maoraiueiito. Marys-
Title, IttxlJlng, I'ortlauJ, I'nget
BtHltld kill] Dual 8il»A
■10i03p Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East 61:43p
SAN LEAN IMtO AM' II A V WAX US LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
' Melroip, Seminary Park, f
8:00 A Kltchhnrjr. Klmhurnt. 6:«S*
<9:OOa San Lrtindi-n. .Sontli San (*O:43a,
lO.OOa ICHlidiO. KktuillllO, IO:4.1a
i!l:O»A • Lorenzo, Cherry • 1 ? S 15 P
8:«0p «nd <ls43p
S:OO P H«yw*r<l.i. «*:«'
"« < Runs througU to Hiias. 7:45p
J t From Nlles. I
COAST HIT Is lON (Nnrrorr Huge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:15 a Newark.CentarTllle. San Josc.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 5:50»
•2:15p Newark, Centervllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Station* Mo:soa
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 9:20 a.
tlli4Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t~:aot
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mKCISCO— foot of Market Strut (Slip 8)~
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:03 *2:03 t3:0l
•4:00 t8:03 •6:Sor.«i. '
frcmOilUHD— rMtofßr<udw»j.— -C:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl3:00 '1:0: 13:03 4 3:50 tl:03 -S:OOr.M.
COAST DIVISION «an(re). '
(Third and Town Bend Sty.) '
7:00 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wedne«dayB only) liSO»
9:00 a Han .luse, Tr. s Pinos, Suutii Cruz,
Paolflo (irovn, I'aso !{..l<!._-«!, Hail
LnU Obtopo. Guadalui>e, Surf and
I'rlnoipai Way Htatlons 4:1O»
lOi4Oa Sin .Idm mid Way Stations »8:<)Oa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations 8:23*
*iii4sr San Mat'-o, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .lose, .
Gliroy, Hollißter. Saut» Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Gro»e «IOi»«4
•»iSOpSaii.Tos« and Way Stations # »:«MU
*4:13r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 A
3iSop San Jose and Prlnoinal Way Stations 3:30p
O::tOr San Jose aud Way Station* 7:30p
tll:48p 3au Jose and Way Sta-tioua -jsJlOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .
i • Sundays escepted. * Sundays only ♦ Saturdays only
•![Mond*ys and Thursdays. iTursdays and Saturdays.
?Sat.url;iys and Wednesdays. fcThnrsdaTS and Sundays.
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
' LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:»,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:a8
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:»0, 11:00 a. m.; 1:JO, 3:»»,
6:00, C:2O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40.
! 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
I October 16, •
i Week I Sun- lSi»8. Sun- Week
I Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
m^____^ m i _^_
7:Soam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4oam
1:20 9:3oarrw Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
| 6:10 pm 6:o<?pnJ Santa Rosa, 7:35pm 6:22pm
| Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
' Healdsburfr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:30 S:ooam Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:13 pm
Hoplanrl and
7:20 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:35 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:2oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 B:4oam
and . •
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
B:3opm 6:00 pm _______ 7:35 m i 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale for
1 the Geysers; at Hoplami for Duncan Springs.
' Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Uartleti
: Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
I Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
i John Day"*. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's
; Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Booneville hit's
I Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
i Westport, Upal, Wlllitts. Laytonville, Cum-
I mir.g's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dysr.
; Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
I reduced rates.
1 On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
, beyond San Rafael at hair rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
! THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIfi
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10, ISS'JS, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
: Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
: Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
; 8:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm s:6opm
10:10 am 2:05 pm ' Merced 12:40 pm 4:o3pm
! 11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
j 12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
8:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersn^Jd 2:3oam 11:25 am
12:68 I B:sopm Visalla 6:4oamj 1:15 pin
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Markot
•treet, San Fraaclaco.
910
NOT ELECTED
TO REPRESENT
RACETRACKS
Repudiation of Burns'
Legislators.
ALAMEDA IS INDIGNANT
"DANBTJRNSVILLE" IS NOT ALL
THE COUNTY.
Three of the Delegation Are Said to
Have Already Dug Their
Political Graves.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 11.
Much dissatisfaction is being expressed
that the representatives In the jSenate
and Assembly whose districts include the
race track should be voting for Dan Burns
for United States Senator. Kad it not
been for the fact that the Municipal
League restricts Itself solely to purely lo
cal polities, these members would have
been censured ;it last night's session. The
town of Emeryville, which is called, and
probably with a greater degree of truth
than the average citiz/n is aware of,
"Dansburnsville," is in the Senatorial dis
trict of Frank Leavitt and the Assembly
district of A, A. McKeen.
it is now being said that these two j
men are representing no portion of their •
district but the racing town and totally i
ignoring the desires of the great majority ■
of voters outside Emeryville.
In the great register somewhere about \
nine hundred names are credited to Em
eryville, and prior to election it was so j
evident that one-half of this enormous !
registration was not above suspicion that
the Army and Navy Republican League
started an Investigatlona. For some rea
son or other the matter was not pressed, !
and since that time Emeryville's vote' has
'been regarded a.< somewhat doubtiul. It
is conceded on all hands that not five ■
per cent of the voters of Alameda Coun
ty, outside of the two or three hundred
who owe their very existence at the race .
track to Burns and his followers, are de
sirous of sending the colonel to the United
States Senate, The other Assemblyman,
Kelly, who voted for Burns, has also dug
his political grave, for although he rep
resents a Bectlon of the city that i.* al
ways credited with being a "warm" dis
trict politically, there is no desire in it to
honor Mr. Burns,
Alameda is essentially a conservative |
county, and although there is among its
many politicians a positive repugnance to
what is termed the interference of the
church in politics, it can generally be re
garded as fairly expressive of popular
opinion when the ministers of the vari
ous denominations express their views.
This they have done In very clear lan- '
?uage regarding Colonel Burns, and in the ,
ace of all the opposition to u»e man and i
hi? methods, th> respectable element in
surprised that three members of the I
Legislative delegation should represent i
the race track and all its corruption rath
er than the balance of their respective dis
tricts.
WAR RECORD OF
"COLONEL" BURNS
While the "Tocsin" Act Was
On He Never Left the
State.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 11.— "When the tocsin of
•war was sounded throughout the land he
shouldered his musket and hastened to his
country's call. And when a million men
laid down their arms he returned to the
land of his adoption and resumed the
peaceful pursuits of ordinary life."
Assemblyman Cobb of San Francisco,
placing the name of the man from Mexico
: before the Assembly as a candidate for
. United States Senator, spoke thus beau
tifully of the brilliant war record of
.Colonel Daniel M. Burns.
Senator Wolfe of San Francisco, plac
ing the colonel in nomination before the
joint convention of the Senate and As
sembly to-day, referred touchingly to the
fact that the colonel had "followed in the
ranks with those who responded to the
. call to ?:ivo the Union."
Assemblyman C'obb's very pretty sen
tence is somewhat spoiled by the facts.
The records in the office of the adjutant
general of California do not altogether
near Mr. Cobb out in his well rounded
sentence about the "tocsin of war" and
the colonel's connection with the said
toosin.
The records of the adjutant general's
office show that Daniel M. Burns enlist
ed in Company B, Fourth California In
fantry, in the city of Sacramento, on
March 29, 1884. This was the time at
which "he hastened to Ins country's call."
Bul hero is wh«re Assemblyman Cobb
er"red when hf said: "And when a million
men laid down their arms he returned to
the land of his adoption and resumed the
peaceful pursuits of ordinary life." This
sounds very nice. The only trouble with
-the sentence is that the facts are not
true', it was never necessary for the
colonel, when he laid down his musket,
tO "return to the land of his adoption"
for the reason that from the time the
In of war was sounded" for him up
to the time the tocsin ceased sounding he
never left the State of California and he
never took but one trip away from San
Francisco Bay.
Tlit> colonel was mustered in at Sacra
mento and mustered out at Drum bar
racks. .San Francisco. It was not neces
sary for him when he <juit to make any
long trip either by land or s»-a to get
back to "the land of his adoption" for
the reason that he never at any time left
it.
Company B of the Fourth California In
fantry, in which Colonel Burns held the
rank of Corporal, was at Drum barracks
San Francisco, from December, 1863 to
April, lxtiT.. On the 4th of February, ISOS.
Corporal JJurns was transferred from
Company B to Company (' of the same
■regiment, and that company was sta
tion. -<i at .Los Angeles, Camp Cady, from
February, 1866, until the time of the mus
ter-out.
The Fourth California Infantry was or
ganized September 21. ISO, at Placerville
and Auburn. The flrst commander was
• 'olonel H. M. Judah. He was succeeded!
by >'(.lonel James K. Curtis. The regiment
was Brst stationed at Auburn and five
companies were sent to Oregon to relieve
the regulars there. In 1882 five compan
ies were stationed ai ('amp Union, near
Sacramento. In May. 1862, headqu
were removed to Camp Latham at Los
Angeles. In September of 1862 they were
transferred to Drum barracks •
Francisco, and there the headquart.
the regiment remained during the
of its time nf si rvice. Here is \
Corporal Burns put in the time of his
enlistrr.'-nt.
But where did Corporal Burns fall heir
to the title of < 'olonel. which lie i
with such becoming dignity and grace""
He did not get it when the "tocsin of
war" was Bounding. The Corporal ob
tained that title by sounding the ;
of politics. January lit, l^su. General John
F. Bheehan of the Fourth Brigade of the
California National Guard, made him
Major and paymaster on his staff. May
25. 1882. General Tozier reappointed him
Then Major Burns dropped out of the ser
vice for a time, for the tocsin had sound
ed for him. But this time it was a dif
ferent kind of a tocsin. It was the tocsin
of the Grand Jury of Sacramento coun
ty which sounded twelve cou&ts against
Major Burns for embezzling the funds of
the people of the State of California,
■which, as Secretary of State, he had mis
appropriated. ,
But January 8, 1891. Governor H. H.
Markham gave to Major Burns the title
of Colonel, for he made him Inspector of
Rifle Practice on his Ptaif. After a ser
vice of two years and a half the Colonel
wearied of military honors, and on July
24. 1893, he laid down his arms, "and re
sumed the peaceful pursuits of ordinary
life" at the Oakland race track, with
the bookmakers, the touts and the sure
thing gamblers who gather there as vul
tures do about a decaying corpse.
CONFIDENCE HAS GONE
FROM THE BURNS CAMP
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 11.— The air of confidence
which has been one of the principal feat
ures characterizing the Burns fight and
fighters has gone. To-night the touts, the
members of the Federal Brigade and the
professional politicians who have been
lined up here for ten days last past labor
ing for the colonel wore a very blue air.
The colonel himself received in the par
lors of the Golden Eagle and If anybody
desired to converse with him on conflden
i tial topics he was taken to a nearby
I room. The colonel is still firm in his de-
I termination not to be interviewed. He re-
I fuses tn talk to representatives of the
! press. Major McLaughlin was also non
■ communicative to-night. He denies that
he stated that Burns was to receive sev
enteen additional votes to-day. But the
major did say last evening that within
the next day or so Burns would receive
an added strength of that number of
votes. To-night the major says that he
: thinks Burns will have some more votes
to-morrow, but declines to state just how
many or where they are to come from.
The other Burns lieutenants are also talk
ing about the gains that the colonel will
make on the third ballot, but they decline
I to give any details or reasons for their
i prophecy.
Frank P. Flint, United States Attorney
for the Southern District of California,
arrived to-night. He claims that he is for
1 Bulla. but there are those who state that
; Mr. Flint's r«al choice for Senator is
Daniel M. Burns.
IOWA MAY TAX FOREIGN
INSURANCE COMPANIES
PUBUQUE. lowa, Jan. 11.— Judge |
Phlras, in the United States District
Court, to-day rendered an opinion sus
taining the constitutionality of the lowa j
law taxing foreign insurance companies, j
The plaintiffs sought an injunction re- I
straining the collection of a 3Vi per cent \
tax levied under the new State law. They j
attacked the law on the ground that it j
was unconstitutional, with special refer
ence to the section of the Federal constl- i
Union prohibiting the enactment of legis
lation that would abrogate treaty rights
of other countries. The plaintiffs, who arc
citizens of England, claimed the treaty
with the United States provided that no
special tax or restriction be levied against
English citizens who may engage in busi
ness here. The questions raised in the
income tax case also were brought up.
Judge Shiras decides in favor of the
State of Iowa: holds that the point made
by the plaintiffs regarding the treaty is
weak, and declares the State could go
farther and pass a law shutting them out
entirely.
LIBERTY IS
GRANTED TO
A MURDERESS
Mrs. Anna Mentel Is
Admitted to Bail.
Oakland Office San Francieoo Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 11.
Mrs. Anna Mentel was granted her lib
erty to-day on condition of putting up
bonds to the amount of $20,000. Her fa
ther will probably appear before Judge
Hall to-morrow with the bondsmen and
the young murderess will walk out of tho
County Jail.
Attorney W. W. Foote appeared before
Judge Hall this morning and made an ar
gument, in which he stated that from the
evidence in the case he was convinced
that Mrs. Mentel could not be convicted
of murder in the first degree and ho
therefore formally made a motion that
she be admitted to ball in any reasonable
sum which the court saw fit to decide
upon. Attorney Foote recited some of the
evidence in the case, stating that the de
fendant had voluntarily given herself up
to justice immediately after the shooting
and also rf«ferring to the fact that the
physician who examined her at the hos
pital had testified that there were bruises
upon ht-r arm and body which must have
been produced by a struggle.
Mrs. Mentel's attorney called theeourt's
attention to the agreement with ex-Dis
tri'-t Attorney Snook, who prosecuted the
ease at the preliminary examination, by
which the prosecution admitted that a
conviction of murder in the first degree
was not possible.
Mr. Foote took a side Blap at Justice
Morris of Alameda, who is not possessed
of a certificate to practice law, but grad
uated to the bench from a Constable's
office. "Without wishing to cast any re
flection on his Honor Justice Morris of
Alameda," said Mr. Foote, "I do not think
It is exercising very good judgment for a
country Justice to hold the defendant
without bail -when advised by the Dis
trict Attorney that bail was permissi
ble."
District Attorney Allen did not deny
that his predecessor had agreed that the
case waji one in which bail might be ac
cepted, but he said that later develop
ments in the case rendered it highly
probable that a jury would bring in a
verdict In the highest degree.
He referred to the fact that Mentel had
been found lying with one hand In hlB
pocket and resting upon a bundle, which
went to show that he had been carrying
the bundle In the other arm and had made
no struggle.
Judge Hall said he had looked into the
evidence and was satisfied that he could
properly grant bail, which would be fixed
at $20,000.
Mrs. Mentel. when arraigned on the
charge of murder, was very self-possessed
and in a very firm voice answered "Not
guilty."
At the request of Mr. Foote, who said
that his associate counsel, Senator Earl,
was busy in Sacramento, a continuance
of one week was granted.
Clara Barton tells about the work
of the Red Cross in Cuba in next
Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVAI,S.
GRAND HOTEL.
G B Sachs, NT iG J Crandell, Neb
U T Meyer, El Paso H J Louis, Stockton
H Rosenberg, Cal C A Androus, Cal
! G W Harney. Cal F C Hitchcock. N V
j C T Burn?, Woodland E Hansen. Oregon
C H Davis, NY ,0 C Rosendale, Cal
! II Simmon!". Cal IC L Dally, Portland
, E Hansen, Oregon ;H L Emery, San Diego
F Lant & w, Alameda S Huner, Salinas
i L L Simmons, Utah 'A C Huston, Cal
B Kruger & w. Cal E I' Huston, Cal
j P A Aver & vr. Chgo J R Morrill & w. Cal
I FA Lyon, Sacto W Rennle & w, Cal
| J R Colby & w. Sacto W H Graham, Napa
E W. Clayton, S Jose A C Trumbo. ChK"
! G F Dietzler. Biggs Mrs J M Smith. Bostn
i F A Handle. Chgo L O Kendlckson, Wash
; .1 Johnson. Pinole B J Kean, Wash
W C ■ Heffolflnser, La r ,1 Allen. Pa
W .7 Heffelnnger. La W D Buckley. Cal
W Cunningham, Cal W Thomas, Cal
H Simon. Cal W Pike, Fresno
j Mrs. T. Lester. Minn E B Bogus, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
W A Frost. Chgo ■ |F H Grant, Singapore
i J ,7 Byrne, L Ang IG Price. Singapore
) A Carson. Boston iLfeut Col A N Sandl
' C Avolo, London | lands, London
, Mrs Avolo. London P Clagstone, N T
E Avolo, London |\V B Trowbrldge, N T
3 B Bidwell. Chgo . C Dunphy. Stanford
Mrs Bidwell, Chgo 'Mrs H Dunphy, Mlllbr
i I' C Moore. Chgo C G Murphy, Stanford
j J P Seymour, Chgo p P Jenkins, Stanford
I Dr J W Green. L Ang IH Beel & w. L Ang
J M Beck, . Chgo 7 Walsh A W. S Rafael
W C Evans, Chgo Ip Story, Kelmont
Mrs "\V C Beck, Chgo C J McGlnnla. L Ang
M D Ulum.- St Paul (•: C Klauber. Chgo
i Mrs Ulum. St Paul |\V M Catlin & w. San
1 V Denlde, Auckland I Bernardino
| L Lewis. -Auckland I
NEW. WESTERN . HOTEL.
H Hoffman & w, NY Mrs Butler&f, Auckld
J Dlxon & w, Chicago ;H M Gove, lowa
H E Smith, NY T. Murphy. Manila
Mrs M Eberi?, Montana ij Howard, NY
■ P Flynn, S Jose ■ A Reynolds, Palo Alto
i J McAllister. NY iT H O'Connell. Manila
j A McQuade, Bo*ton A J Lovell, St Louis
! W Parker. L Ang W B Goodßell. N V
J H Condon, Plttsburg M Goodsell, N V
j A- Jarvls&w, Auckland J C Bernard, Fresno
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTTHSDAY, JANUAET 12, 1899.
NEARLY RAN
THE STRING
OUT ON THEM
Martin Piloted Five
Straight Winners.
BUT TWO WERE FAVORITES
SUBVIVOB. WON THE PRESIDIO
SELLING STAKE.
Don't Skip Me Beat a Fast Bunch, of
Sprinters — Sardonic Captured
th« Handicap — Ferxier
Scored.
The superb saddle work of "Streets"
Martin was the one redeeming feature of
the sport at Ingleslde yesterday. Ban
ning with Ferrler In the first event, Mar
tin piloted five stnaight winners past the
judges. He rode Red Glenn In the final
number and finished last of the trio that
started. All mounts looked alike to
"Skeets." Some were favorites and some
were not.
It was a hard day on favorite player*.
The going was very juicy, and but two of
the pronounced choices managed to splash
in front.
The Presidio selling stake, worth $700 to
the first horse, ov«r one mile and a fur
long, was the select piece of the after
noon. Seven started, and Pat Dunne's
Survivor proved a handy winner over Ob
sidian. The two colts named were equal
favorites in the betting. Martin, on Sur
vivor, soon had his mount in front, and at
the wire finished two lengths in advance
of the Burns & "Waterhouse entry-. Lava
tor was a fair third.
The talent sent Castake to the post fa
vorite for the opening six furlong run.
If he ran as fast as he could, then the
Apache gelding won't do. In a drive Mar
tin landed the 4 to 1 chance. Ferrier,
first, half a length ahead of the 15 to 1
shot, Fig Leaf.
There was nothing to the five furlong
scramble for maidens but Flushington,
the Corrigan entry. Martin, who had tha
mount, outrode his company, winning rid
den out from. Sevoy, the favorite.
Again, in the fourth event, a six furlong
spin, Martin's jockeyship was in evidence.
He tossed the leg over Tom Ryan's Don't
Skip Me, beating a speedy lot of
"lobsters." Pat Morrissey took the place
from Midlight.
Purser's Key del Tierra, ruled an odds
on choice for the mile selling run, and had
no difficulty in disposing of Hardly at the
end. Jerry Hunt set a hot pace out in
front to tne stretch, and then finished
third.
The mile and a quarter handicap went
to the Corrigan entry. Sardonic. Mc-
Nichols, who sat astride the mare, waited
until the stretch was reached, when he
moved up, winning handily a neck In ad
vance of Morellito, the favorite. Red
Glenn was a head farther away.
To-Dry's Entries.
First Race— Six furlongs; three- year-olds and
up; selling:
466 Banewor 94 463 Wheat Kin* >4
477 The Fretter S», 492 Smyle 104
463 Alhaja M! 315 Zarro 1()9
497 Merops 84 1 411 Our Johnny 117
4^3 lie Los Rey«»...lofi;(4os)Ockturuck 11l
Second Race — One mile: selling;: three-year
olds and up:
(497)Rosebeau 84 (489) Hugh Penny.... lll
461 Roslnante 105 495 Cromwell 109
401 Myth 106 491 Stamina 89
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE BACE TBACK, Wednesday, Jan. 11, 1890. — Twenty
eighth day of the Pacflic Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather rainy;
track sloppy.
EDWIN F. SMITH* Presidlpg Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
QO FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $4</0.
[ndex. Horse. Age. Weight.
(488) Ferrier, a 10914 ... 2 2
480 Fig Leaf, 5 106 1 ... 4 1
142 Petrarch, 6 107 7 ... 6 4
497 Dr. Sharp, 4 102 8 ... 7 2
474 Ricardo. a 109 2 ... 5 h
4SO Castake. 4... 99 3 ... 8 4
464 Schnltz, a 112 6 ... ll
... I,orena 11, 6 105 9 ... 8 2
... The Dipper, 4 104 6 ... 9
445 Kamsln, 6 107 * .'
•— Left.
Tlme-U., :25%; %. :51H; %. 1:18. Winner,
derella. Good start except Kamsln. Won firs'
The winner received the best ride. Fig L«
pulled up lame. Rlcardo received a dreary,
going.
4
1
7
3
2
3
5
9
6
•
2 2
4 1
6 %
72
6 h
!*
82
0
Hm.
%m.
. 2
I
! 1
3
I
Str.
3 2
a 2
4 >i
6 1
7 3
8 3
9
Fin.
14
2 2
3 1
4 4
54
64
7 4
84
9
Jockeys.
H. Martin....
Gray
Beauchamp ..
E. Stlmpson..
X. Turner
W. H. Martin
IPiggott
I. Powell
McN ichols ...
Rutter
5-2 4
8 15
30 40
4 6
3 4
2 13-5
10 30
10 30
15 60
6 15
'. S. Hobart's b. m. by Falsetto-Imp. Cln-
hree driving.
was pocketed a couple of times and also
Isrnal ride. Castake does not fancy slushy
QQ SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; maidens, four years old
57*7» purse, $400. - ;■■
and
upward.
ndex Horse. Age. Weight. ;
%tn.
%m.
6tr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
IH. Martin....
... Flushington, 4
493 Sevoy, 4
493 Kokombeo, 4 j
481 Henry C, 4
467 Eppinger, 4 :
493 Paul Kruger, 4
469 Goethe, 4 ',
1
S
i
4
7
5
1 6
3 %
4 2
B 2
3 1
64
1 8
2 4
3 1
5 2
44
6 10
7
1 4
2 2
3 14
4 2
6 2
6 20
7
13
2 2%
8 2
4 2
E 1
6 25
7 ■
Gray
[Rutter
Beauchamp ..
Powell
Fallehy
.1. Ward
(■a
i
8
6
12
I
v
3
4-5
13
10
40
15
30
Time— Vi. :25; %, :38; %. 1:04. Winner E. Corrlgan's eh. g. by Imp. Islington-Little
Flush. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third easily.
Flushington outbroke his field, which gave him the race, only the dolts and dullards
played Henry C. Fallehy's alarm clock failed to go off, and Kruger was almost left.
PZi~\i\ THIRD R
OUUt Presidio
miles; selling;
upward;
; value.
Index. Horsa. ■
Weight.
Std.
him. Mm.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
469 Survivor 101 141 2h In 11 12 12 H. Martin.... 7-6 8-2
(309) Obsidian 105 5 3% 3 2 38 22 21 23 Thorpe 2 8-5
(.193) I.avator S»4 1 g 12 2% 3 4 3 2 3 2 J. Woods 3" 6
446 Rainier 98 3 24 42 52 53 4"* 4 % Gray 80 B0
459 Casdale 101 6 6ft 53 42 4 % 83 5 4 W. H. Martin 15 25
497 Milt Young 101 2 6 6 8 6 6 6 McNlchols ... 10 30
(403) Ballista 10l| * |Beaucharap_ „_ 6 20
Tlme-44, :I*%: %■ = 3^%: H. 1:04%; %. 1:31%; mile, 1:45%: 1% m, 1:58%. Winner, P
Dunne's b. c. by Strathmore-Ella F. Good start except Ballista. Won handily. Second
and third driving.
The footing just suited Survivor. Woods on Lavator gave up the lead without a
struggle. Rainier was ridden the overland route. Milt Toung stumbled to his knees soon
after the start.
469 Survivor 101
(309) Obsidian 103
(493) I.avator 9S
446 Rainier 98
459 Casdale 101
497 Milt Young 101
(403) BalUsta 101
1
5
4
I
6
2
•
4 1
34
\i
tvL
2 h
3 2
1 2
4 2
5 3
6
1 h
3 3
2 %
6 2
4 2
6
1 1
2 2
3 4
6 3
'1*
1 2
2 1
3 2
4 %
8 3
6
1 2
2 3
3 2
■ 4 4
5 4
6
Martin....
rpe
Woods
y
ichols ...
ichamp ..
| FOURTH
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
H. Martin....
Beauchamp ..
Rutter
W.H. Martin
N. Turner
(480) Don't Skip Me, 5...X
350 Pat Morrlssey, 5— 1
449 Novla. 4 V
4f,2 Zamar 11. B V
4fiB Sweet William, 5..1:
459 Midllght, S II
[480) Don't Skip Me, 8...10615 ... 4)4 11 1J 1 3 jH. Marttn.... 4 4
350 Pat Morrlssey, 5....11U6 ... 6% 4H J% 2 2 Beauchamp ..4 7
449 Novla. 4 106 3 ... 6 2h 3 2 3h Rutter 2 16-5
4f,2 Zamar 11. B 109 1 4 ... 3h 5 2 4 % 4 1 W. H. Martin 6 15
4fiB Sweet William, 5. .1101 2 ... 1 h 8 8 810 N. Turner 3-2 )
459 MidliKht, fi 107|l ... 2 1 3h % 6 Plggott 8 12
5
6
3
4
2
1
•••
.3
■y
3 h
1 h
2 1
1 1
4 H
2 h
5 2
6
3 h
1 2
2 %
8 2
4 %
8
5 %
1 3
2 2
3 h
4 1
6 10
6
IHiPKOtt
Time- 1 ;. :2G: %, :50%; %, 1:17%. Winner, T. H. Ryan's b. m. by Al Farrow-Lady
Lyon . flood start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
A brainy ride landed the winner. Beauchamp found more pocketß with MorriFsey than
a "dip." MidliKht, Zamar and Sweet William were raced to death the first part.
Scratched— O'Connell 113.
i"|O FIFTH KACB— One mile; selling; t
; purse. $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jorkeys.
(20 Roy del Tierra, 0..V
(496) Hardly, 4 1(
4*4 Jerry Hunt. 3 I
... Ad Spre.ckels, B 1<
457 Strongoll, 3 1(
i 2
\
4
*
2 3
3 10
1 %
2 2
3 S
1 %
l '.4
3 10
1 1
4
1 1
3 8
2 1
4
1 2
2 n
3 10
4
H. Martin....
W, H. Martin
J. Woods
1-2 9-20
2 5-1
6 10
60 100
50 100
Tanner
Rutter |
•Bolted.
Tlme-V;, :26; %. :Gl%: \. 1:18; mile, 1:45%. "Winner. E. W. Purser's b. h. by Prince of
Norfolk-Haldee. Good start except Strongoll. Won easily. Second and third driving.
It was a Christmas tree party for the winner. .Tern' Hunt stretched it out surprisingly
well. Adolph Spreckels received a tender-hearted ride. He ought to win next time.
;AQ SIXTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; handicap; four-year-olds and upward-
JV/O« purse, $500.
idex. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Std. Mm. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op". is."
496) Sardonic, 4 90 3 3 3 2 3 31 In McNlchols ... J! 2
376 Morelllto. 4 11l llh 21% 11% In 2n 2h Piggott 8-6 8-5
[491) Red Glenn, a 109 2 2 2 12 2% 2 1 3 3 !h. Martin. ... 8-5 9-5
(496)
376
(491)
4 90
4 in
n, a 109
3
1
2
3
1 h
2 2
3
2 1%
12
3
1
2
3
1 n
2 1
3 1
2n
3
1 n
2 h
I
Time— »4, :24fc; %. :49%; \, 1:18%; mile, 1:44; Him. 2:10%. Winner, B. Corrlgan's b m
by Mi.n>lln-lmp. Sardonyx. Good start. Won first three driving.
After a zigzag Journey Sardonic won almost easily. The club members backed her
Morelllto ran a grand race.
FATHER McN ALLY'S
SILVER JUBILEE
many years he has been the parish priest of St. Patrick's, in West Oak
land.
Third Race— Six furlongs; felling; four-year
olds and upward:
480 Prince Tyraiit..lO7| <62 Pat Murphy 107
495 Lady Britannic. inf. j (474) Coda 105
464 Durward 107 462 Wyoming 107
601 Sweet William.. llo, 490 The Last 102
( 81)Darechota 1021 497 Una Colorado... 101
■460 Robert Bonner..lo7j 425 Joe Ullman 107
498 Castake 1041
Fourth Race— Seven furlong»| three-year
old and up:
491 Martello 94 444 Captlre ..112
(49O)Wing .. 8» 485 Mainstay 112
407 Outaway 113 490 Joe Muscle 112
489 Imperious 106
Fifth Race— Five furlongs; sell Inn
493 Sidelong 1081 485 Genua 107
471 Nora Ives 107 385 Anchored 112
477 Don't Tell 107 ... Yaruba 109
489 Judge Wofford.. 109
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; Belling;; three-year
olds and up:
471 Malay 961 477 Doremus 99
384 Don Fulano ...117 496 Ping 109
386 Toribio Ill 1 490 Zorrazo 117
*9« Elldad 1141 487 Ann Paga 94
Selections for To-I>ay.
First Race — Zarro, Uanewor, Merops.
Second Race— Hugh Penny, Roslnants. Rose
beau.
Third Race— Joe Ullman, Bweet William,
Wyoming.
Fourth Race — Outaway, Imperious, Mainstay.
Fifth Race — Genua., Judge Wofford, Anchored.
Sixth Race— Malay. Elldad. Zarrazo.
I. ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 11.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, 33 hours from
San Pedro.
Br stmr Fastnet, Morkler, 5 days 14 hours,
bound to Mexico; put in for balance of cargo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Balled Jan 10— 6chr Win Renton.
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 10— Btmr State of
California, hence Jan " Jan 11— Br ship Fan
nle Kerr, hence Jan 5.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Ooeanlo,
for Antwerp; stmr New York, for Southamp
ton; stmr Maiestic, for Liverpool; Btmr Ord
land, for Antwerp.
STETTIN— SaiIed Jao •— Stmr Thlnrvalla.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Jan 11— Stmr Lahn,
for New York.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Jan 11— Stmr
Waeslfind, from Liverpool.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Bur
gundla, from New York.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.— Rev. James
B. McNally is to celebrate his
silver jubilee as a priest to
. morrow. Twenty-five years ago
Father McNally was ordained, and
since that time he has served in
several parishes, but has been in
West Oakland longer than any
other charge. His parishioners have
arranged a programme of exercises
to fittingly celebrate the occasion.
At 9 o'clock high mass will be cele
brated in St. Patrick's Church, and
in the evening the choir will have
Its pastor for its guest at a ban
quet In the new auditorium. The
exercises attending the banquet
will be rendered by seventy of the
young people of the church.
Father McNally has long been
recognized as one of the most
broadminded theologians in Ala
meda County. He has never been
backward In doing everything in
his power to forward local im
provements and propositions tend
ing to benefit this city. In addition
to his duties of the priesthood he
Is considerably interested In a
model ranch which he owns away
up in the Fruitvale Hills. This
ranch is known on account of many
experiments in agriculture which
Father McNally has made. For
Brandes Arraigned in Court.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.— W. A. Brandes,
charged with brutally beating to death
his 16-year-old daughter, Lillian, was ar
raigned In Judge Hall's court to-day to
pleud, but on motion of Attorney F. W.
Sawyer, for the defense, the matter went
over for one week. Prison life seems to
have made but iutle difference la
Brandes' appearance, save that he haa
several weeks' growth of beard. Other
wise he appears hearty and contented.
MEETING NOTICES.
FUNERAL notice — California Com- ♦
mar.dery No. 1, K. T. — Ofllcers and c «sg*
members are hereby notified to as- W*L
semble In the asylum TO-DAY &JJ
(THURSDAY), at 1 o'clock p. m., for W
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
deceased frater, SIR CHARLES METAPHOR
CHASE. By order of
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
PAST Masters' Association of Callfor- m
— The officers and members are re- _«A_
quested to meet at Masonic Temple >? jff
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), January 12, /V\
1599, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. to attend the fu-
neral services of our deceased brother,
CHARLES M. CHASE, Past Master of Doric
Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M. By order of the
President. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
DORIC Lodae No. 216, F. and A. M., «
Masonic — Of fleers and members _j^^
are notified to attend a special meet- 13? V
ing THURSDAY, January 12, at l:3otV^
p. m. for the purpose of conducting the
funeral services of our late brother. Past
Master CHARLES M. CHASE. By order of
the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
DORIC Lodge No. 210. F. and A. M., m
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS 4%
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock iCjlf
sharp. First degree. Masons are ln-/V'
vited. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
SOUTIISAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. ijf~
212. F. and A. M., meets THIS tt*
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:3j^TV
o'clock for first degree. By order of/Vi
the Master. E. C. HARE, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. m
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) A
EVENING, January 12, at 7:30 o'clock. 'JK jf
Third degree. By order of the Master. /^r>
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O.
F.— The thin] degree will be con- -^35?551Se-
ferred upon Hon. JULIUS KAHN, : s^<|S3!f
\ Congressman-elect, on THURS- "^v/tw^^
DAY EVENING, January 12, 1899. Brother
KINGSFORD of Excelsior Degree Lodge will
be present. Visiting brothers cordially in-
vited. JOHN STEVENSON N. G.
DR. F. D. ASH WORTH. Recording Sec.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. -tg^mex*.
112 — All members are requested to «§SS*2SE?Ci.
be present at Installation of ofrt- =|^QSftS?
cers THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- "^w/iwv**
ING. Visitors welcomed.
C. J. SPEAR. Secretary.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v «■ ■*.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- Soft
ING, Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell "«»JXe*
Bt., at 8 o'clock. Installation of *c=2» l *
officers and election of games committee.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, 'Recorder.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be -held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market et.. San Francisco, on
TUESDAY, January 24, 1599. at 11:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of j
directors to serve for the ensuing year and
for the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office, 222 Market St., San Francisco CaL
January 9, 1599.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Oceanic Steamship Company will
be held at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco, California, on I
SATURDAY, the 21st day of January, 1599. at '
11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing !
a Board' of Directors to serve for the ensu- 1
Ing year, and for the transaction of such :
• other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Tuesday
January 10, ISPS), at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the Association of the !
Hospital for Children and Training School !
for Nurses will be held at the hospital 3700
California St., THURSDAY. Jnn 12 'at 2
o'clock p. m. MRS. L. L. DUNBAR.
Recording Secret ry.
A LOAN can be had on your'planc without re- i
moval, or we will buy It. UNCLES HARRIS, j
IB Grant avp.. near Market St.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the San Francisco Protest-
ant Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives no-
tice that the following orphan and half or-
phan girls and boys have been admitted to
the institution from July 1, 1898, to January
1, 189?: Matilda Zimmerman, 6 years; Mar-
garet Kesllnger, 4 years; Eugenia V. Kloss
3 years 8 months; Annie Kloss, 2 years 3
months: Claudlne F. Moller, 5 years S
months; Sophia H. Hoppe, 8 years; Eva Me-
Intyre, 8 years 6 months; Olive M. Joslin
6 years; Myrtle Leigh, 3 years; Genevieve
Adams, B. years; Mary Adams, 6 years; Al-
bert Zimmerman, 9 years; Harry Hayn'e 10
years: Adolph Hayne, 7 years 3 months: Otto
W. Moller, 4 years: Johannes E. Moller, 7
years; Leslie E. Montrose, 8 years 4 months-
Wesley L. Marshall. 7 years; Edwin Fisher'
1 years; Alexander Williams, 8 years: George
M. Adams. 11 years; Nelson J. Adams 10
. years; Harry Lane, 6 years: James Adam's 8
Hawkins, 7 years; Edith M. Joslin, 3 years'
Edna V. Joslin, 3 years. '
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, at 520 I-'-- st., San Francisco ■
Cal., has received the following orphans, half- 1
orphans and abandoned girls from October 1
to December 31. 189S: Jessie Willis, 11 yeare- !
Lillla Willis, 8 years 7 months; Hazel Anna <
McCutcheon, 5 years 10 months; Saldy Brooks !
9 years 1 month; Eva oks, 6 years; Ruth
Phayer, 5 years 8 months; Sylvia
Shayer. 2 years 6 months; Ethel Hergarton
7 years 10 months: Sarah E. Jellln, 12 years'
Elsie M. Jellin, 6 years 9 months; lona L
■ Jellin. 4 years; Violet Williams, 2 years-
Louisa Zanettin. 13 years; Adellna Zanettin'
8 years; Theresa Zanettin, 6 years 6 months-
Ethel Openshaw, 9 years; Olive Openshaw. 7
years; Olive F. Berlin. 10 years; Adele G
King. 7 years: . nna Swan. 9 years 9 months-
Charlotte Glllesple, 9 years 6 months: Jennie
Glllesple. 7 years 10 months; Julia Glllesple
3 years 11 months; Amy L. Swan, 6 years 6
months; Maria Gill, 11 years; Grace Gill 13
years; Olivia Gill. 9 years; Margaret Johnson,
i years. -
SINCE July 1. IS9S, the orphans admitted into !
St.- Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
are as follows: Female— Annetta Antonla, i !
years; Camellia Hawkins, 9: Ada Haley, '9-!
Marguerite Kaisar, 6; Carrie B. Pickett 7- '
Pearl Hunter, 10: Katie Rlordan, 5. Male— j
Harry Antonia. 2 years 3 months; William |
Rohling, 3 months; George Hunter, 2 years
6 months: Harold Hunter, 4 years 3 months- i
Thomas O' Neil, 3; Bert de Shields, 5 years I
6 months; Fred de Shields, 3 years 6 months; |
Thomas Riordan, 5; Gilbert Cope, 7. Hair '
orphans— Marguerite Gamerston, 5; Irene |
•Gamerston, 9; Catherine Shepherd, 4 years 6
months; Lyda . Bhepherd, 9. Male— Jacob
Smith, 10; Osar Smith, 7; Fred Smith, 5
years; Jennie Shlhade, 6 years.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from July 1, 1597, to Decem-
ber 31, IS9S: Frank Swett, age 4 years; ;
Margaret Cunningham, 4 years; Hazel Cun-
ningham, 2 years: Margaret Campion, 2 years;
Rose Kelly, 4 years; Thomas Kelly, 3 years- j
Ruth Dougherty. 4 years; Lillle Aubertine,
I years. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION I
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done, Hartman Paint Co., 343 2d it.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 63 (twenty- !
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
arjd after Friduy, January 20. 1899. Transfer
bcoks will close on Saturday, January 14 i
1899, at 12 o'clock noon.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Nevada National Bank '
of San Francisco. At a regular meeting of !
the Board of Directors of this bank, held
January 3, 1.599, a dividend was declared for ;
the half year ending December 31, IS9B. at the I
rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and arter the 16th inst. Transfer i
books will be closed from the 10th to the
lfitb inst., both days Inclusive.
D. B. DAVIDSON, Secretary.
Janury 4, 1899.
SITUATIONS WASTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN with a girl desires situation; good
cook; best references; country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN middlejaged woman desires situa-
tion as housekeeper, nurse to children, sewing
or housework; city or country. LAMBERT
41S Powell st. ; tel. Main 5332. '
AT the German Employment Office, MRS
LAMBERT. 418 Powell st., best help of all
nationalities.
SWEDISH girl, first-class cook and house- I
worker, wishes situation; Oakland preferred; !
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and
•eamstress; good references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
GIRL wants situation In a private American
family to do second work and sewing or
second work and waiting; la competent; j
good references; wages $25. Call at 415 Third '
St.; address MISS D.
THOROUGHLY competent, honest young
woman wishes situation to do housework In i
Bmall family; good cook and kind to chil-
dren: plea-\e state wages. Address M. C,
box 1458. Call office.
ACTIVE young woman wishes situation am
chambermaid or waitress and chambermaid;
town or country; good reference. Apply box
1455, Call office.
GERMAN girl wants situation: general house-
work and cooking; wages, $20 to $25. Apply
at Preacott House, cor. Montgomery aye. and
Kearny st.
WOMAN with a child 4 years wants working
housekeeper place; Al cook; city references; I
no^ trlflers. Address box 1453, Call office.
LADY wishes position as cashier; cafe or
( rertaurant preferred; city or country; refer-
ence. Address box 1289. Call.
YOLNC, woman wishes work of any kind a
few hours a day- mostly to help in lunch
_house. Box 884, Call.
WANTED— By young woman, second work;
care of child; wages $15. Call 2429 Sutter st.,
cor. Broderlck.
NURSE, experienced, English, desires en-
casement; good references. A. M\, 907
Howard St.
TOUNQ woman wishes position as working
housekeeper or chamberwork; best of refer-
ences. Apply 659 O'Farrell st.
GOOD German girl wishes position as 000k In
American family; good city references, Ad-
I dress box 1457. Call office.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
general housework; prefers good home more
than wages. Address 117 Juniper St.
ELDERLY lady to make herself useful In
lodging house. 421 Rush st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do general
housework; good cook. Apply 1126 Howard.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do light house-
work. Apply 172 Rus:* st.
GIRL wants easy place; light washing; good
home; $8 to $10. Box 1444. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Address
branch Call office, 1941 Mission st.
ALL the consideration ana respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily emba-.-assed at
UNCLE HARRIS. IE Grant aye. nr. Market.
SITUATION wanted— Young girl wants work in
family in city for slight remuneration while
attending college. Address G. C. S., Ala-
meda office.
WOMAN with 5-year-old daughter wishes posi-
tion as working housekneper; city preferred;
_no triflers. Apply 1779 Halght st.
FRENCH girl wants situation; chamberwork
or sewing; good seamstress; city reference.
Call or write 136 Tenth st.
ARTIST model recently from Boston, Mass.,
wishes a few engagements. Box 1295. Call.
EXPERIENCED cook or will do housework;
reference. 206 Fifth St., near Howard.
LADY, German, wishes position as housekeep-
er; no trlflers. 965% Howard st.
SWEDISH woman wishes eltuation to <1o sec-
ond work In private family; wages $20. Ad-
dress JIU4 Fell st.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day; tailor-made dresses a spe-
cialty; terms $1 50 per day. 505 Jones Ft.
2 RESPECTABLE Scotch girls wish situations;
one for upstairs work and sewing. $20; othT
upstairs work and care of children, $15. A.
McC., 717 Valencia st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and hneeac-c tn and frr,m ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 436.
BOOKKEEPER with good references and rec-
ommendatlona, who is sober and industrious,
desires employment; if position is one where
tlit-re is chance of advancement will b.-gln
With small salary. Address box 1484, Call.
COLORED waiter wajits situation as above, or
any ulace where can be made useful' ab-
stainer; age 24; good reference. H. ALEX,
326 Pacific St., room 89,
BARBER— Young man, steady and temperate
habits, wants steady job, either in city or
out, but country preferred; references. Ad-
dress box 653, Call office.
EXPERIENCED starcher wishes position In
steam laundry; can do 65 shirts an hour on
Bishop starcher. Box 1291, Call office.
YOUNG married man would like any kind of
employment; handy with machine tools; first-
class references as fireman. Box 12Sn, Call.
SITUATION by German: well acquainted with
grocery and wine business; good t.n'-kpontr;
can keep books. Address box 655, Call office, j
BAKERS— Bread and cake t>ak.>r desires sli ■
ation; good references. Apply 655 Harrison, i
ENGINEER of 20 years' experience; 5 on loco-
motives and 11 with colliery company on
hoisting engines, steam pumps, electric
pumps and dynamos and 3 years repairing.
Adiiress box 1294, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man as man
abuVt place where It would be a chance to
learn gardening; understands horses and
cows and general work; good references. Ad-
dress box 1337, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS shoemaker, German, with best
of experience on custom and pattern, would
like situation; city or country. R. Z., Dan-
ville, Contra Costa County.
ALL who Intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye., near Market st.
< TION wanted by young man In office,
store or hotel; understands 4 languages, book-
keeping and correspondence. Box 1351. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as valet to gentle-
man and be generally useful. Address box
1475, Call office.
WANTED— Situation by first-class colored
cook; hotel, boarding house or private fam-
ily. Addles Cook, 321V4 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Position as engineer, fireman or
nl^ht watchman by young man; will give
cash Frcurity as to responsibility. Address
box 1347. Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter and paper hanger wants
work'; day or contract. Box 1344, Call.
CHINESE boy, flrst-olaas* cook, wants place in
private family. Address 703 Dupont St.; tele-
phone Main 17iK.
GOOD painter, paper hanger and whltener, hav-
ing complete outfit of tools, wants work; city
or country. MERIGAN, 1301 Wrl.stcr st.
WANTED— By young man and wife, positions I
as valet or butler and maid; will travel: I
Lest references, i'.nx 1489, Call. :
1 1 1 : 1 , V W ANTE D FEMALE.
WANTED— B German <-.»iks, $30; Scandinavian
girl, general housework, 1 In family, $25: j
nurse, $36; Protestant second girls, $20 and J
$25; waitresses, $20 and J' a week; and more'
than 40 girls for housework, city and coun- j
try, 515 to $25; 2 French lady's maida, *20 and |
$25; Krfnch lady's maid to travel. $25; and '•
many others. J. F. CROSETT 4; CO.. 316
Sutter st.
C X HANSEN A CO. Phone Grant LSo".
3 waitresses, country hotel. $20. I^2 50; 4 wait- \
rrs.ses, city hotels. $20; 2 restaurant wait- '
ea, $6 week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 I
Geary- st.
FOR families. 20 girls for genert* housewnrK,
$15. $25; cooks*. $25: housekeeper for Institu-
tion, $2.-.. C. R. HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary. I
3 GERMAN cooks, $25 to $30: I housework
girls, $25 to $15; 4 German second trlrls and ■
sewine. $20 to $25. MRS. LAMBERT 41$
Powell st.
GIRL for chamberwork, sleep horn*. 115; alio
girl for housework, *20. 631 Larkln st.
HELP WaXTED- Contlnned.^
! ClLtM^E^M^lD^a^utundress; 125 per mo.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
RESTAURANT "waitress, $6 per week. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I NURSE, $25; maid and seamstress, £""»*»•
travel $25" 10 housework girls, city ana
country $20 and $25: 10 housework girls. $10
I to $157' miSS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
! WAITRESS, sleep home. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. .
I INVALID'S nurse, $20 per month. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, sleep home. 112. MISS.
CULLEN, j25 Sutter Bt.
NURSE, country. $15; German governess, 525;
i woman with a child. $10 per month. Jlli>3
' CULLEN, 325- Sutter st. ____________
i NEAT second girl, $15; 2 second girls, $25 and
I $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
I COOK. $35; neat girl, light work. $15. " MISS
CULLEN. 325 Batter st. ___
WAITRESS, railroad eating house. $20; wait-
ress, city, $20; waitress, Hanford, $20. Mlhs
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ' ____.
MAID and seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COOK, delicacy store. $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. . ,
GERMAN cook, $30; Swedish or French cook.
$30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
I HOUSEWORK girls. Pinole $20. Suisun $20.
San Jose $20, Stockton $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Butter «r. -■;---,■- .
2 WAITRESSES. $15 per month each, sama
hotel. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WANTED-Glrl for general housework. Apply
3448 Twentieth St., cor. Capp; with references;
after 9 a. m. ■ '
! YOUNG girl to do light housework and assist
with 2 children: sleep home. Call after 10 a.
m.. 1599 Market St.
j SWEDISH, German or Danish girl to go to
Suisun: housework and cooking. Apply Im-
mediately at 3_r.r> Twenty-first, after 10 a. m.
WANTED— French girl for upstairs work and
wait on table: references. Call bat. 10 and
.12 at 1102 Van Ness aye.
GIRL about 14 for company to married lady;
to go to school. Box 12S8, Call.
WANTED— eirl to wait at table in
restaurant; wages $15. 324 Lark.n Bt.
YOUNG glri to assist in house; washing given
out. 152? 1 -. Ellis Bt.
I GIRL wanted to wait at table; sleep at home;
$S per month. 924 Geary st.
WANTED— call early. 228 McAllis-
ter st. .
COOK, understanding German oooklng, $25;
references. Call bet. 9 and 12 at 1220 Ellis.
WAITRESS wanted. 313 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl; housework. 816 Diamond st.
WANTED— GirI for housework and assist with
cooking. 1415 California st.
OLD woman to mind baby; $6 per month, with
board and lodging. 1105 Mission Bt.
GERMAN or Swedish girl wanted for light
housework. 328 Eddy st. '
WANTED— , for general housework. 863
Hayes st. .
SERVANT girl, German; must live home. 1053
Market St.; upstairs.
WANTED— German girl for general housework.
418 Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRL wanted to care for child; light house-
work. 46 Harriett St.; upstairs.
WANTED— good, quick finisher on pants.
Apply 1590 Fifteenth St., cor Mission.
GERMAN girl In a small family to assist In
housework; ref.; wages $12. 3253 FUlmore.
WANTED— A neat, reliable girl for family of
3. 53S Oak st.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLB
HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.. near Market St.
OPERATORS on white and flannel overshlrts;
a few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont st.
LADIES you can earn $3 to $6 per day at home.
Call 16114 Grant aye., room 3.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted at MISS
WELLS Emp. Of.. 1243'^ Park st., Alameda.
2 WEEKS' sewing free, beginning this week.
Kelster Tailoring College. 424 Geary st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 10J Post.
HELP W ANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 6848.
Leading employment and labor agents,
: WANT TO-DAY
drummer for a liquor house; experienced dry
goods clerk: coachman and gardener, ', privato
place: 25 woodchoppers, $1 and 70c cord; tie-
makers Be, 9c and 10c each
also cooks, waiters, bakers, butchers, dish
washers and others.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— boys for office work. Apply to
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. Phone Grant ISS
Bread baker, country shop, $50 and found;
shirt finisher, hotel laundry, $30; collar and
cuff ironer and starch, $30; steward, country
restaurant, $35; waiter, country hotel, $30; 2
waiters, $25;. butcher and assist on range, $40;
waiter for an institution, $25. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., IC4 Geary st.
WE ship tc Skaguay Monday Jan. 16; faro
$13 50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Dairy foreman; 2 Italian-Swiss
milkers, $22 50 and $25; miner, $40: carpenter
and pump man for mine, $40 and board; and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Colored cook for country, $35; ele-
vator boy, $10 and found; fry cook, $40; and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Driver for milk route In city, city
experience and references required, $35 per
month and found; coachman for gentleman's
place, near city, references required, $30 and
found; ranch blacksmith, near city, $35 and
board; farmers; milker and others; 3 more
miners for good steady Job, $52. W. D
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Sober, steady man to take half In-
terest in good paying business: duties plain
office work; small capital required. See MEN-
ZEL & CO., 7 Grant aye. ■ ■
SMART boy wanted; one not afraid of work;
wages $3 to $4 per week; state where last
employed. Address box 1441, Call, office.
BINNEWEG shoe factory, 830 Broadway, wants
first-class shoemaker, cutter and fitter.
EXPERIENCED^ press boy to feed Huber pony
cylinder press. (-16 Fremont st.
PRESS boy. PATTERSON, 429 Montgomery
street. ■
WANTED— Errand boy In wholesale house. Ad-
dress box 1456, Call office.
WANTED— Young butcher. 118 Seventh st.
GOOD milker who can also run cream sepa-
rator. 235 Seventh st.
YOUNG man to learn In bakery, at 127 Fifth
st., bet. 11 and 2.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from Hoc to $1: new shoes, slight-
ly damaged, one-half price. 562 Mission st
bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays!
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute, samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup;- $2
per day and expenses; cash every week; par-
ticulars for 2-cent stamp. CALIFORNIA
ORANGE SYRUP CO.. San Francisco. Cal.
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate
goods In warehouse and In bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St., UNCLE HARRIS.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States '
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention .to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 leet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis st
San Francisco, Cal. *
WANTED— Laborers an « mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. .217 Third et.; 15o'lar_9
rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
B Vv me £ to ,, take room 9: &_.* and 25 ° per
night: 60c. SOc and $1 per week.
YOUNG men, seamen, carpenters blacksmith*
V for ships. n HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st'
BARBERS- Progressive Union; free emplov-
m t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7'h; tel. Jessie 1164.
M s^-J°* le . arn barber trade; easy terms. 15«
*£!_-!££ W £ m i to J?, arn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13314 Eighth st.
BARBERS' A>>soclatlon Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.
T ?u Y Ll "'' eU Hous». Sixth and Howard sts 7
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.: 15c. 25c night!
S l Nl ;J £ rooms ,- 15c - 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. SS3H Market st!
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st. near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, flne. large, sunny and airy
room. Isc night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, $57 Market Et., below Sixth
for a room: 2fio a night; $1 a week.
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; readlnr-room: tr—
'bus _nd baggage to and from the ferny.I AGEXTS WAMED.
; o -"WE have a paying proposition to mako Pacific
■ ■ Co'aat agents;' write us. THOo. TOOTH CO.,
3 ' **~ Pituehet st.. Los Angeles.
: "'AGF.N"r -.vat:t*d ~tT~6ell good article and take
- • • y-c'--'^- 32 Bolchcr st. —^^—— ■
■ ...'• " PARTNERS WANTED. _^_
• PARTNER with $5000 In flrst-claas paying busi-
. .' • . T.«t&: will l>«.-ir mvpstlcation. Address box |
= "' ■ •— '* a -. Ca 'l o?nce. Oakland. _. (
„ ; •' . <■ •""_ ROOMS WANTED.
• ' 'WANTED— A studio with north light near
;■ Union Square. 319 Powell Ft.
;.•*_ ' VMM' MIS* KI-1-AAl^Uts.
• ■■ "VVANTF.D— Second-han.l Reglna or sympho-
• ,' Slum: chrap. Address b"X U.'4. Call of.flee.
.'• ;, MEDICAL.
ALL^ladles~wlirbe~Klad to learn th^t Mrs. Dr.
: .;. :Gwyer. formerly or 226 Turk St." has returned
"• to the city and resumed fcus:nrss; a sure ana
:" "Safe cure'for all female .llseases from -v.at-
ever cause: all those who are ?u-k or dlscour-
aceil should call on the .lector and state their
coses before going elsewhere; they will find
 ' ' her a true friend: home for patients, with
••. •:. every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
" .MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St., between
| -..'•.. Hyde and Larkin.
'■ ' ALL LadieT-t-C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
".. - "true frier.ds nf all Inva'.t Is. men and women;
■• , " 50 years' practice: safe an.l quick cure guar- :
>»•;: ant Vert; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace •
avoi,ie<i; kind sympathy an.l aid; sure relief. I
. •■••.■..- though el«e fail; delicacy, privacy, home, j
. '• • .etc.; babies adopted; traveler! treated: no de-
. • • .' lav; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confl-
■ . - '• der.tial. MRS. M. DA VIES, .- Market St.; :
§'. .'pi-:i.«.. fl": very strong, $2. j
A£L--.ca«es nf monthly irregularities restored
' instantly (no matter what cause): safe and ■
-." fir* at any time; my celebrated remedies and
. "•••.treatment have never been known to fall; ,
FStt "travelers helped without ay: home In con- !
."-■ '. • fir.enient: skillful medical attention: all those
" . - -.who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
t '• •-. liable srecUll-- free and confidential. _>RS.
> . -"•" DR. WYETH. 2CS Turk st.. near Jonet.
■ •.ALL. of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
:•■".•• "absolute cure for all female diseases; posl-
'.'.' tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
.'*.'■. feet*; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
. "•" .-ventlve: price $1 50 per box. sent free by mall ,
. - - . on receipt of price: consultation on all special
•' ...-■ " dir%ases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
.aye.. S. F. A caution ßefore purchasing
'..•" . .elsewhere write us.
.NEW procees sent for female troubles: no mat-
■ •••.".. ;ter from what cause and how lone standing:
." .- every woman her own physician: safe and i
- " • sure; no medicine or Instruments used con-
•"" -""sultatlon free: pills and capsules. $1; cure $5.
..-" • ".-By/the well-known ladies' physician for 27 |
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
• •.. : ' POPPER. 21« Kearny ft.
■ : '".•; A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
..- -cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever I
• ■;■;- cause; ho Instruments used; guaranteed cure j
••: " at-' office, $' ■; travelers helped instantly: consult
: --::'" .free: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRP. DR. \
■ ...;".. -KOHL. 1122 Market, bet. Mason and Taylor.
■'•:.• 'AILMENTS— Ladies in trouble see Drs. Go-id -
"■ "• • .win free: reliable, safe and sure: cure in M
■ .". .' - .-hours guaranteed: any complaints: no Instru-
.•; :'• rrrents: maternity home: best medicai at-
'■.;' '•. "tendance: cure, $5. Removed from 401 D Van
'• y ■; Ness to i;*2A Mkt.. bet. Jones A City Hall ay. I
'■■■-. •■.•tAniES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
•.:>*•.'" " (Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable: take
.■•'.:' '-no other: send 4c tamps for particulars; ;
'•■ : : " ."Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall: at
.." >•. druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co, Phils.
•■".■ t'P. G. W. ODONNF.LL. wnrlt* -renowned spe-
; •" - ■ . ciallst: all monthly Irregularities restored;
. "" '. ""whatever cause: all cases relieved immediate-
■ •..• ly: call or write: confidential ICSSU Market.
••■ "ALLmarrled ladie« know 'Seguro." the greatest 1
.; - ".boon tn them RICHARDS A f0..40« Clay st. : j
■„ ; '. •|l-?0. : Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO.MFG. CO.: 531 '•' «t.. Sacramento. Cal.
[.-•'".DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate j
.■ . ay* ; private heme in confinement, with every i
'. ■ . comfort: best care and attendance: terms j
■" • . .;." moderate: fnfarts adopted into pood homes, j
•SaL'PEAU'R French pills, a boon to ladles with
, ' .female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 50: j
. • .•exr-rcs^ed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late, i
•■'• 'OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal. :
'" .BELLEVUE Sanitarium— Ladles cared for dur- :
.Irifj cor.firerrient. 727 Be'.levueav.. Los Ar.geles.
.- ' ' -LADTES In trour'e see DR. WILMONT. mid- I
".■ Wife. lf>i Eddy st.. room 9: consultation free. |
MU?. ACHARD. mld'wlfe; peasant sunny home 1
: ""' " "in "-nf.r.en^ont. lc« Sec^r..! St.: tel. Green 52.
•■ .-A WF.F.K'P news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, ;
■ ' ' ■ • -
::^-l EDUCATIONAL.
■• ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as- !
I paying. . blow pipe anal., chemistry, &col., j
. mineral, surveying, math., cyanide method, I
etc' Electrical— Theory ar-l practice, construe- j
tion. 'mech. drawing. Business — Bookkeep-
.■••lnp. hu?in«sa practice, shorthand, typing, j
. •" lar.s"-i&-pe s - English: ?4 teachers, day and ;
eve;; 1 catalogue free. HeaJds' Business Col- j
,i
■ -A PINGING and operatic training school, Paris
graduate: classes now forming; term. 6 mo.,
$73. piano; lar.sunees. French and Spanish. '
course, SCO; special training during second
■ term". for Paris Exposition, l?C0. Rooms 6 and ,
' 2". Mercantile bid?.. 530 Golden Gate aye. j
■ • ________^^^^___^_____ —
' ROBERT F. GALLAGHER'S Practical Short-
hand' and Typewriting School; court reporter
17 years: pupils qualified to be court reporters: •
" . terms reasonable; special evening speed class.
... Parmtt building, rooms 430-31-32. i
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st. : :
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life 1
scholars-hip, $50: low rates per week and mo.
PROF. MERKI. lOCS Mission, nr. Sixth— Violin, j
mandolin, guitar. Juvenile class, $1 monthly:
•guitarists wanted for mandolin club; no dues.
A LADY teaches piano & mandolin thoroughly:
50c hour: excellent pianist & accompanist for
entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln- .
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit : day & eve.; i
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. «33 Market. j
PIANO and German: pupil of conservatory in
Lelpslc; lessons. 75c. 110 Hyde rt.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 5341 14th st.
' BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123? Mar-
ket St.: 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically }
° .r- taught: short time Tarr. 572 Parrott hMg.
_ _.._ . - LOST.
•■" tßt REWARD, no questions asked, for return
' of 500 shares Champion Mining Company i
represented by certificates 1357 and 1243; trans-
fer of shares has been stopped, and they
are of no value to any one but owner; above
reward will be paid In gold coin for return
' of certificates at time and place Indicated
by letter to G. BCHWAM, 1 O'Farrell st..
or In personal column of The Call. j
LOST— Black and white mastiff dog. 1 year I
old: license 1612. Liberal reward at 1020 Bry- j
ant it.; no questions asked.
• STOLEN or strayed— Yellow mastiff dog: scar
•■' : -over eyes; answers to the name of Arrow;
■• reward. 1428 Mission st.
LOST— A pass book with The Hibemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of ELIJAH SHAW, No. 196-1091 The
•": _ ..finder will please return to bank. |
LOST— employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
".■•"• HARRIS*, 15 Grant ay«.. near Market St.. the
.. surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
. " ' will receive the kindest treatment; private
;••. "" entrance and private rooms.
.•■ STOLEN— Cn Sunday, a brindle gTeyhound, S
: . ' ■ " ■ Months old: a large reward for its return to
. " ." 1273 Mastlck St., San Jose.
: • LOST— About December 17 or 18, two pearl
.'•' ■ stick pins, connected with chain: return Call
.-.: office and claim reward.
.• . CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
••. •. Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
" " . postage paid.
■••; ; " •'- horses!
'." " • FOR sal*— head of homes suitable for any
■ :•.•■ business; also lot of harness; at Turk-»t car
•.' .. stables. 1301 Turk st.
4"0 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
.. .* carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
,V ket. 227 Sixth; suction •ale- «very Wednes-
.-■'- : .: ■''■■•• g "' '"*' : *■ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
<. .'-;' : WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
" : 100 SET second-hand harness; wagons carts I
:.'".' •buggies, surreys 1:..: horses. 1140 Foltom Ht. I
". • . ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
 •' ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty*; private
1 . no fee without success; collections O XV
• ' . HOWE. atty-at-law, sso Market, cor. Stockton.' |
■ADVICE free; » charge unless successful. W.
■ W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection
free advice ; open t^gs. Atty McCabe. IC3 Larkin.
. L. S. CLARK— Emma Bpreckds blag.. 927 Mar-
.ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
. typewriters!
All typewriters sold and rented^ few paTtly
used, for sale cheap; send (or samples and
prices. ALEXANDER&CO..IIO Montgomery. ;
A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph. $15: Yost. $25;
; . get sample work. SCOTT. "2?. Montgomery st.
—_-____
• . ' "' SEWING MACHINES.
'XI MONTHLY, rented; repaired. bought, sold: [
.': machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 4}
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
'repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth it.
... .. . TO LEASE.
■ THE St. -Charles Hotel, Redwood City; recent-
o . -ly renovated; to lease; rent reasonable. Ap-
.' ply H. C. SMITH, Hotel St. Nicholas, city.
.•••.:■■
aJSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4oo; PARTNER wanted In old-established
commission business; first-class; paying. Cali
WILKE _ UNFUG. 90S Market st.
A— s4so; CORNER grocery and bar on Folsom j
St.; living rooms; rent $25; must be sold In 3 j
days; owner called to New York City at
once; a sacrifice. WILKB UNFUG, 90S :
Market st.
GENERAL merchandise store, connected with ;
pestofflce In lively country town; no oppo- :
sition; building, two lots 25x150. $2000; stock
of mdse about $3000; a rare chance; fullest In-
vestigation given. Call WILKE & UNFUQ,
906 Market st.
A— s7so: CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms: rent $25; choicest location in Mission; .
nr. 16th st. ; fine bargain: owner to leave for
Australia. WILK.^ & UNFUG, 906 Market st. ;
A— ssoo; Saloon , established - years, with %
rooms: rent $56; close to Call building; aver-
age daily receipts W0; owner bought hotel in
Sacramento: bargain. WILKE & UNFUG.
SC6 Market st.
$1000; CORNER grocery and bar: established
years; doing good-paying business; death of !
owner cause of tale; 4 living rooms, rent $45.
WILKE A UNFUG. 906 Market et.
CRISP and plain candy manufacturing; |
wholesale and retail; easily learned; value In
stock and plant; clears $75 monthly. LESS, .
765 Market st. ■
$125— GROCERY and bar; 4 rooms: rent $13;
owner there 15 yeans. LESS. 765 Market st.
$225— RESTAURANT; principal street: estab- ,
lished 25 years; receipts $14; 4 living rooms:
partners cannot agree: genuine offer, investi-
gate. LESS. 765 Market st. _^ j
A— ssoo; PARTNER wanted in good-paying
commission business; established IS years;
references exchanged. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$125 — CORNER fruit store. Western Addition;
rent $12. living rooms; owner 3 years. STEN-
BERG CO., 2*4 Kearny st. !
$700— RESTAURANT, coffee saloon, opposite ,
ferry depot; handsomely furnished: doing
good business: thorough investigation before
buying STENBEP.G CO., S6V_ Kearny st.
$25'>— FINE corner saloon: Mission; old- estab-
lished; Joins good business. STENBERG
CO., 26V» Kearny st. ,
$600— GREAT bargain: French restaurant; 25c
meals; best location: doing fine business. HA-
SH." 5734 3>t£.rket st. '
$600— COAL, wood, coal oil. hay, grain; doing
fine business. BABILE, $734 Market st.
$200 — CIGAR stand: fine location: laundry pays
more than the r»nt. BASILE, S73Vi Market.
A— 1250; corner saloon; 2 card rooms: $20 d-\ily;
a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22Vi Geary st. I
A— Sl5OO: restaurant, near Market: $60 dally; 1
best ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22>* Geary.
A— $450: bazaar; large stock hardware, crockery.
etc.; cheap rent: living rooms. KREDO & CO.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for cash
apply to MOON & CO.. 10084 Market st. ,
A— s3oo; SOBER, steady man wanted in estab- '
lished business; pays $75 a month to each
yearly. MOON & CO., 100SH Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted on account of sick- <
ness: old-established business; to attend cash
counter: will clear $60 each per month. See .
M. LOEWEXSTEIN, 34 Kearny; mis. 10 & 11.
A— s2oo; PARTNER wanted: J. to $25 a week
each; trial given: -no expeiience required. :
We.--- Investment Co., 9 Geary st. I
BAKERIES, saloons, groceries, cigar stands.
etc. ; all prices and locations. WENTWORTH !
& CO.. 7S3'7t Market st. i
$400— CORNER saloon: bargain this day. MC- j
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market St.
WANTED — Lady partner in mining proposi-
tion; $1000 required for development work;
w.dth of lead S feet; quartz: M on top; gold
silver, copper; one mile from railway; half j
Interest: will ship pay ore two weeks.
MINER EXPERT, box 1350, Call.
BAKERY In Redwood City; good outside and
inside trade: 4 horses, 2 wagons: fine stock; |
a bargain; account of sickness. Apply C^ll. j
BAKERY and notion store: good paying stand; :
owner selling- at a sacrifice on account of ill- j
heal $400. SMI Twenty-third st. j
RESTAURANT and bar; good street; fine op-
portunity for man and wife; sickness reason
for selling: no agents. Box 1257. Call office.
MAN of ability wanted; banking; state io
sources and experience; little capital re-
quired. Box 1440. Call office.
WANTED— Barber to buy old-established busi-
nesa. L. TROST. 616 Clay st.
$300 CANDY store for $150 I -day; will teach
you candy making. 422 Sixth st.
DINING ROOM 58-room house to rent for
board. Box 1443, Call office. j
PARTNER wanted; paying saloon; will sell all
Interest: sickness. 702 Mission st. _______ :
FOR sale— A good harness business In a lively
town. Address JOHN ROCCA. Jamestown,
Tuofamne Co.. Cal. .. ,- !
$30 PER share; 10. shares capital stock of realty
syndicate; par value $100. 503 California, r. 318.
GROCERY and bar at bargain; leaving city.
Call at 2029 Mission st. . .
FOR sale— Good paying little oyster house. ,
307 Grant aye.
$60— CIGAR stand: If sold at once; owner leav-
ing city. 304 Fourth st.
COFFEE ar.d tea routes supplied from GEO. |
W. c A SWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
L.ODGIN'- HOUSES FOR SALE.
"^^^O^NEW^FURNITURE— 8 ROOMS.
Worth $500 !
Jo rooms. $«50. cash price $1300
2«-room house: rent $50 750
6-room flat; rent $22 260
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to J3OO
12 rooms; on Market st; rent $40 450
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner 1200 ;
Abstracts furnished showing clear title.
No contract from buyer or seller required.
- H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$400— 10 ROOMS; new; elegant furniture: must
sell; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
19 . 00 M BOOse; rooms all rented. For
sale only by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
50 ROOMS— Corner; all bay-windows: clears
$200 month; price $1600. DECKER. 1020 Mkt.
A— KREDO _ CO 22H Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; Bush: parlors for millinery.... 560
11 rooms; rent $20; clears $40 235
14 rooms; best on Stockton; a snap 580 '
21 rooms; Mission St.: clears $100 1200 !
23 rooms; Fifth; fine business corner 600
35 rooms: Grant aye.; corner; new MM
45 rooms; best corner Kearny st 1300 ;
A— s4ooo; 240 rooms: guaranteed to clear $350 !
per month: trial given. KREDO & CO.
TWO BARGAINS -
16 rooms; near Market: sacrifice $)25
50 rooms; rent $50; great bargain 1000 •
WINSTON & CO.. C 4« Market st.
$1000— 26-ROOM house; newly furnished: half |
cash; balance $15 per month: cheap rent. 11.
WEHNER <_ CO., 1027H Market st.
A— s2o4o: 45 rooms; Stockton st. : rent $90; clears
$100. SPECK & CO., 601 Market st
FURNITURE iof 7 rooms; good condition;
owner leaving; $150.' $60 Minna. 2 to 4 p. m. j
$3200—63 ROOMS: central; good paying. Address j
box 1442, Call office.
COMPLETELY furnished rooming house (75
rooms) to rent, with privilege of buying;
centrally located; doing good business. Ad-
dress box 652. Call.
LODGING-HOUSE. 31 rooms; all light rooms;
$750. 739 Folsom st.
LADIES, if you need money call on UNCLE
HARRIP. IS Grant aye.. near Market »t.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A— BAR outfits, counters, shelving, showcases
(all sixes), office fixtures, cash register,
scales, coffee mills, etc., bought and sold; es-
timates given. J. SCHWERDT. KM Mission.
BARNES screw-cutting lathe, complete: 12-lnch
swing; 42 Inches between centers; almost new;
one first-class 2 h. p. gas engine. Improved
patent sparker: will guarantee. 648 Mission.
ALL goods sent C. O. D. with privilege of ex-
amination. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
$16— LATEST style Singer tailor machine-
large oak table 812 A Filbert st.
HORSE, harness and buggy for sale cheap.
Address box 1293. Call office.
FINE milch cow for sale cheap. Apply 190
Preclta aye.
WANTED— S to 10 cases of eggs per week. Box
ISI7. Call office. ____^_
GASOLINE launch: good condition and fast-
price $1250. Box 1301. Call office.
600 MATED pigeons, squabs, co^.s. etc., cheap.
611 Turk st.
BARS, back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-101S-IC2I-IC2I MiKloa st..
above Sixth. ■ ' '
FOR belting, pump cup*, lace leather, pulleys,
etc., Cal. Belt Co.. tel. Br. 331. 619 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, pumps, belting, dynamos;
second hand. WHITE'S. 516-518-520 Mission.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In n«w and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap.
HUFSCHMIPT. eg Golden Gate a~e.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021 V* Market, bet. <th and 7th.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
PERSONALS.
ANY person knowing- the whereabouts of
one CHARLES BODEN, a native of Sweden,
aged about 65, kindly inform FRANK Mc-
GOWAN, Chronicle building. He wears a :
mustache and whiskers. j
JOHN— Have you tried that 25c dinner at the |
Ralston? Salad, soup, fish, chicken, roast ;
goose, asparagus, Icecream. English walnuts,
good wine, black coffee and cognac. It's a
We dinner for 25c. The Ralston. 753 Market.
NOTICE!
WM. EHRENPFORT
RETIRING SALE.
The old-established house of Wm. Ehrenp-
fort offers Its stock of CARPETS. LINO-
LEUMS, WINDOW SHADES. ETC.. at a
sacrifice. This well-known firm has been In '
business 45 years, and its reputation for high- ;
grade goods and low prices have been exseled j
by none. MR. EHRENPFORT announces to i
his friends and patrons that all the stock '
must be disposed of within 10 days. This i
sale means the positive closing of the old re-
liable house located at 1323 Market st.
NOTICE TO INVESTORS!
Wave motor, the most scientific and practi- i
cal one ever patented, can be seen in full I
working order for a few days at 523 Mission
«t. : patent rights for the United States. Brit-
ish North America and Germany: this is a
rare chance for a few men with a little capi-
tal to invest In a company that will harness ■
the waves for work, the power of the future. I
A FRIEND wishes to Inform the former friends I
and patrons of MME. A. "VILLFORD (SO j
years of age) that she is now at the Park
House, corner of Twenty-fourth and Mission
cts.. and would be glad to be helped to a
living by selling her excellent Hair Restorer ,'
and Cleanser, or by applying It personally.
LEDERER— Is the leader In hairdressing here;
employs artists only; charges but 23c for styl-
ish coiffures; switches $1 up. LEDERER'S ]
Foama. fine shampoo, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton. ,
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in '
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
JAPANESE goods, bamboo furniture, Spanish
drawn work, wholesale and retail. ■ Okuno j
Company, 507 Larkin st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester I
House, 41 Third St.. ne*r Market; 200 rooms; ,
25e to $1 50 per night; 41 50 to 16 per week; i
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. !
DON'T let that worry you: LEDERER'S Qul- I
nonla is the Hair Tonic that will make your
hair grow. Ssc bottle. 123 Stockton St.
ARTISTIC bamboo furniture, wholesale and re-
tail: all kinds fancy work to order. K. I
YOSHITANI & CO., 313 Sutter st. |
A— CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale prices, t
H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome «t.
THE MODERN. 34 4th, nf». Mkt.— Baths, 12V»c;
separate entrance for ladles: first-class.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian. 1020 Felsom.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L. 1
LEMOS. 1117 Ma-ket gt.. bet. 7th and Sth. T
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly ;
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the !
""■•■'l States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
LEARN dressmaking, ladles' tailoring, mil-
linery: special offer this week: perfect fitting
patterns. McDowell School. 103 Post st.
SILK or cloth dress, $5 to $6; dress made over;
perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 116 Market: men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM.
ADVICE and Assistance for AH.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Fee $1 and upward.
Reveals your entire life from the cradle to j
the grave.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure [
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis, '
rheumatism; all skin diseases, heart a_d ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope. |
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Corner Market, Mason and Turk sts.
ATTENTION— If you want to see a medium
see the best: tells everything; valuable in-
formation given to users of morphine: 5 ques-
tions by mall $1. LEANDER, 313 Eddy st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium, i
life reader; medical clairvoyant: treat all pri- !
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis |
free: fittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
tIOO.OCO TO loan on safes and articles of every '
description at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant
aye.. near Market st.
MME. . YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nigot; 10c. 60." McAllister St.: come, skeptics.
MRS. MANDENA, medium, palmist: readings,
- ■c; satisfaction guaranteed. 234% Sixth st.
MRS. MEN A FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halrht St.
MRP. ELLIS; tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.;
Mop. 3: Be: slttlnrs $1. HI Valencia st.
~CLAIRVO\A>rS
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK, permanently located
in San Francisco, at 1023>4 Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh; while entranced gives aid
and advice which will overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions, make marriage with the one you love
no failure, remove influence, bad habits; will j
give correct Information on law suits, sick- '
ness, death, divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by ]
mail. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms, to MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023H Mkt.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar, fortunes by plan-
ets. 472 Stevenson at., cor. 6th, room 4.
MRS. DA LINE, arrived from the East: palm-
istry and card reader. 953H Howard; satis-
faction guaranteeo.
YOUR future told by card«. 26c. 1045 Mission !
St.. bet, Sixth and Seventh, downstairs.
SEND lock of hair and 50c with 5 questions.
1181 Broadway: king of mediums.
GYPSY life reader, of 3 7th St., now 92S Mis- :
sion, bet. sth and 6th: 25c and 50c;, n0 sign. j
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist,
101 Eddy and 13 Mason st., parlor 3.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE. card reading. 417
Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
EVELYN FOWLER., mind reader and pa'.m-
-Ist Call 120 Ellis St.. room 4. j
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair- i
voyant and card reader 1169 Mission, nr. Sth. I
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card j
reader: 2Sc up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MRP B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune j
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell. J
PALMISTRY.
MRS. KATE BLAIR, scientific palmist, _4»
Phelan building, third floor,
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT~«^"^PER^67lT^lNSTA_2j_jiNT_"__*D
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Eteinway upright 137 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 273 00
And ever 20 bargains from 140 up; bur dlr*ot ■
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
138 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $1
cash and $1 per month, we ask you to Investi- i
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargain*
Jr. good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY A CO.. ',
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
it*., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and i
Broadway. Oakland.
A LIST OF A FEW GENUINE BARGAINS— I
Rogers & Bacon, upright: good order $ 95 i
Neuman. upright; thoroughly repaired.. 145
Henry Miller, upright: cabinet grand 190
Chickering. upright: good as new iSS
All guaranteed: sold on easy payments.
BENJ CURTAZ & SON. Chickering Agents,
II O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house j
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
K. 2S and 30 O'Farrell Ft.: pianos, organs and '
all ether musical Instruments of all grades !
snd prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every- i
thing possible done to please and satisfy the I
customer.
THE best bargains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS 1 . 769 Market st. Call and Bee j
the stock In their elegant new rooms.
1 SQUARE Chickering piano, In first-class or- '
der, $60. 8 Bartlett. bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second st«.
AN elegant almost new Hallett * Davis up-
right: cheap. Room 10. Flood building.
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for j
Francis Bacon and Hallet — : Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, IS j
McAllister gt.. next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER pianos are the belt. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent. 308 Pout st.
A FINE Stelnwßy and new Chickering upright '
sacrificed KEEFFE'S. 3019 Van Ness ay«.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Massy 303 Post st. ■ .. .
HAINEP Bros.' and other first-class pianos at
reduced rlce. W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH- !
I.ER & CHASE. 30 O'Fairell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. t
MULLER.' maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. I
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES to let; all parts of city; send for
printed circular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery st. ■
PERP.Y. 212^4— Bay-window house, 4 rooma;
rent. $12 50: water free. Apply to Q. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. Incorporated.
VALENCIA. ITOS, near Twenty-second— 7 rooms
and bath; large yard; rent $20: newly papered ;
and painted. ASHTON & GARDINER.
HOUSES to let for the New Year by BALD- i
WIN A HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. \
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye..
near Market st. . '
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
MODERN runny turn, flat, S rooms, bath
and laundry. 3166 Twenty-third, nr. Howard.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; flat 6 '
rooms, bath, cheap. . 1376 15th st, nr. Dolores. ;
FLATS TO LET.
A— 47 FLATS, 3to 4 rms., $6 to $10; 10 days free.
A— S3 fiats, sto S rooms. $11 up; 10 days free.
A— lo rooms. $25 up. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mkt.
FLATS to let for the New Year by BALD-
WIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
FILLMORE, 1912 — sunny, corner flat, 7
rooms and bath: $25; half month free.
SEVENTH, 454, cor. Bryant— A sunny 6-rOoni '
flat; apply between 1 and 3.
3 LARGE sunny rooms, with kitchen; bath- i
room. 1136 Foisom st. *
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and i
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. j
near Market st. !
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED fiat, complete for housekeeping; !
6 rooms and bath. 1U23 O'Farrell st., near !
Van Ness aye. ;
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA. May. Laura and all young and beauti- '
ful ladies are notified that the highest amount <
Is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near
Market st. ;
CAPP. 329—2 sunny rooms upstairs complete i
for housekeeping: bath. j
CLAY, 2419, near Flllmore— large unfurnished |
rooms; yard; water; rear; $7.
EDDY. Desirable sunny connecting house- !
keeping rooms: upper floor; private residence. j
FILLMORE, 2114—2 sunny rooms; furnished for j
housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for j
housekeeping rent $12 50.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 22S— Two nicely furm»h- !
ed rooms; gas; bath. I
GOLDEN GATE. 311— Large sunny room for :
light housekeeping; complete;- gas and bath; !
references: $10.
HOWARD, 827, Hanover House— Two furnished !
sunny housekeeping rooms, $9 per month.
KEARNY, 230— Newly furnished housekeeping |
rooms; also sunny front rooms; reasonable*.
LARKIN, 433— Neatly furnished bay-window i
housekeeping rooms; hot and cold water.
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room, with
kitchen.
MISSION. 1301— Front room with kitchen; !
corner with grate; $10, $8. $4.
POWELL, 903, near Sacramento— i
bedroom and kitchen: bath. j
SIXTH, 216H— Nice large sunny front rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable; adults.
THIRD, 309 — Sunny front rooms; single, double; ;
nicely furlshed. housekeeping; low rent.
THIRTEENTH. 315-^2 large sunny connecting
rooms complete for housekeeping; rent rea-
sonable. .:'.■•-- •"''•- "''. : ~~
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny lurnlshed rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
1 PRIVATE room for gents and two for ladies,
Where those who wish to borrow money on j
watches and Jewelry are waited on. at UN- !
CLE HARRIS", 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market st.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or sine.*: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Stockton, 2C— Sunny front rooms; suites.
BinKle; facing plaza; day or month. ;;,,.
BIRCH aye.. 507 A, near Octavla— Nice bay-
window room; furnished or ' unfurnished;
rent $6. • !
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Elegant cor. sunny suites !
and single rooms to families and gentlemen; j
ail conveniences; elevator, etc. ; reasonable. [
BRUNSWICK— I4S Sixth st.. corner Howard—
rooms en suite -or single, 26a to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open ail night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains. -
BURNETT. 1361 Market st— Nicely furnished
rooms; suites and single also, unfurnished.
DELAWARE, 143$ Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : IS, $10 mo.
EDDY. Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
FIFTH. 43S (Mechanics' House)— Rooms, single
or suite. $1 wk. up: transient. F. W. Gardener.
FURNISHED— Two single rooms for rent. Ap-
ply 2911 Sixteenth bet. Mission and Howard.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Nice sunny room.
GOLDEN West Lodging House, 433 Jackson St.,
bet. Montgomery and Sansome: rms. at 10c.
15c and 10c p»r day; $1 per wk., $3 per mo.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— family
rooming house: $1 BO to $6 per week. -.v- ;
HOWARD. 953H— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms and bath. $1 per week and up.
HOWARD. 1343, near Tenth— 2 large unfur-
nished front rooms with bath; cheap.
HOWARD. IS22— Single furnished front room,
$6 mo.: gentlemen preferred; private family.
JESSIE. — Front room; grate and mantel; j
folding bed; $7 per month.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny front bay-
window large room; light housekeeping priv-
ileges: private.
MASON, 235— Nicely furnished eunny single j
room: $2 per week up.
MCALLISTER, SIS— 2 connecting rooms, unfur-
nished.
MINNA. 28— Furnished room» for rent.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 2533— Partly furnished 8 rooms; mod-
ern conveniences; warm belt; suitable for 1
doctor.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms: ele- j
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PINE, 614 A. near Kearny — Nicely furnished j
sunny rooms; single or en suite: moderate. ■
BELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. IS {
Grant aye., near Market st.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth «t..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER. 1111— Clean and comfortable rooms;
single and en suite; very reasonable rates;
also housekeeping. |
TEHAMA. 449— Nicely furnished large front
and one single room; reasonable.
TENTH. 123, near Market— sunny front
bay-window room.
TURK, MS— Nicely furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; very desirable: $1 50 per week.
TWELFTH, 40. near Market— Nicely furnished i
front room, for 1 or 2; with gas; $6 or $7.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 634— Newly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms, with or without board; reason-
able^^
FIRST. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; not and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned j
en them at UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.. I
near Market st. ;, 1
HOWARD, 2606— Large sunny mom, grate,
large closet, with family board for 1, $40.
O'FARRELL, Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board; reasonable; table board.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tl'm nniiiirn»w»il ' r»B«tonaH<» 1
~~~~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
IN good home, mother's care; reasonable: near
school. Call at 1052 East l«th St.. Oakland.
CHILD to board: nice home: block from
school: W month. 1414 21pt aye.. E Oakland.
—————— _ —_
STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC, 834 and 828. corner Sansome— Large,
handsome staffs: very cheap.
~~~ OFFICES TO LEI. "—
EMMA ECKELS building, 927 liZarlcet «.— i
Light, heat, janitor and telephone: rent* $11 St :
to $20. ASHTON ft GARDNER, room 21«.
STORAGE.
A NEW fireproof brick bldg. : cut rates. 6CRIB- j
NER A CO.. 1145 Mission St., bet. 7th and Bth. !
PIERCE- RODOLFH Storage and Moving Co. :
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Mala <Tll (
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
AN IDEAL HOME. --.C. ;,
MISSION WARM BELT.
— Nice bay-window residence In splen-
did neighborhood r contains S rooms; all latest
conveniences; beautiful garden; extra large
lot, 75x114.
$3600— Near Ninth and Folsom sis. ; rent $40
per month; 4 flats of 4 rooms each.
$3Soo— Leaven worth st., near Broadway; S
flats, containing 2, 4 and i rooms; 2 baths; rent
$22.
$1660— Bernard St., near Jones; rent $19; 2
fiats; this is a good Investment.
$22,000 — An offer wanted; Drumm St., close
to Market; corner lot with old improvements;
rent !S7 60.
$4600— Almost a 60-vara lot on Lyon st., near
Post, with 2-story house, containing, ft rooms.
$3500— Seventh-st. corner, near Foisom; lot
25.X50: ground rent $20.
Jl5OO — Dolores-st. corner; store and flat
above, containing 6 rooms and bath; also cot-
tage containing 4 rooms and basement; rent
$39; extra large let, 55 feet frontage; must b«
sold at once.
McAllister «.. near Baker; lot 25x100.
with 1-story building, containing store; rent
$19.
$5250— Mission St., near Twenty- third; extra
large lot, 35x122:6, with house of 7 rooms and
bath.
$26,000 — Mission st. between Third and
Fourth; 3-story builds containing store and
rooms above; very large lot, with double front-
age; rent $147.
$2500— Only $200 cash, balance $25 monthly;
Army st., near Sanchez; 2-story house, con-
taining 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; lot
25:6x114.
$15,000— Market St., near Fifteenth: lot 50x
115 feet; 2 flats of 6 rooms and bath each; rent
$50.
$9000— Clay St., near Battery; 8-story brick
building; store and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent $70. "
Guerrero st., near Eighteenth; 2-story
bay-window house, containing 2 flats of 5 and
6 rooms, bath, etc., each; lot 25xS0 feet; rent
$30.
Very cheap Golden Gate aye., near Baker
St.; 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
rent $47 50; lot 25x100 feet.
$3260 — Fine business corner on Seventeenth St.; i
new corner building, containing store and flat
of 5 rooms above; also new building, contain-
ing 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each; rents $74;
all rented: this property is a fine Investment.
$6000— Clay St., near Drumm; lot 25x60 feet;
improvements nominal.
$14,500— Eighth St.. near Mission: rent $76;
3-story brick building, containing store and 2
flats above of 8 rooms each; lot 26x75 feet.
$27.500— of Height and Broderick sts.;
extra large lot, 47:6x112H feet; 2-story, attic ;
and basement house of 16 rooms, 2 baths and !
all modern conveniences.
$12,000— $102: Hayes St., near Baker; lot j
50x137:6; " flats of 5 and 6 rooms each: all
rented.
$18,000— st., near Post; lot 40x105; 2
2-story houses, containing 11 rooms and bath
each.
$4000— Tehama St.. near Third; lot 2OxSO; 2-
story building, containing 2 flats of 4 and 5
rooms; rent $27 50.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
:•: ■• f. 10 Montgomery st.
A GOOD RESOLUTION.
PUT ASIDE $5 A MONTH.
And put it where it will do the most good; |
buy a piece of real estate; the best lots for
$275. $275.
$275.
Ever offered are on Bth, ?th, 10th and 11th ave-
nues, south of and not a urea* way from
Golden Gate Park; the terms are only $25 cash
and $: monthly.
OVER 65 LOTS SOLD.
In a very short time. .
Lots and streets graded and ready for the
builders.
PARK LOTS. PARK LOTS.
ARE BOUND TO RISE IN VALUE.
We have a branch office at 9th aye. and H
st. Open daily. Including Sundays and holi-
days. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.,
Regulators of prices for Park lots.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth Aye.. near H st.
$400, $450. $500 to $300 each; street graded. lots I
ready to. build on: $25 down. $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Agents on the ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 to $800.
$100 to $300; lots near Mlssion-st. electric
cars;' ready to build on: no down, $5 monthly.
■Jii ,"i ' . •.. SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
- ■)."■ ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS. \l Grant aye.. near Market st.
HOUSES built for $150 a room and up; repair
work done; will 'call. GEO. M. SALSBURY.
Buildor. 621 X ft.. Sunset District.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
40 ACRES rich fruit and grain land; fine dis-
trict near San Francisco; bargain. H., box
1292. Call office. .
HOMESTEAD claim; 160 acres; Tehama Co.:
near railroad; wooded, arable; $100. R. H.
CROSS, 6th floor, room 11. Mills building.
WANTED An improved ranch for elegant cor-
ner 4-story brick building and lot: 62x100 feet:
building cost $40,000; used as a first-class
hotel. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mar-
ket ft.
FOR Country home of F. S. Wenstn-
r>»r: 625 acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on rr»>m!i>*s. Freestone. Sonoma Co.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE!.
WILL exchange 3 claims on Dominion Creek,
! Klondike country, for quartz property in Cali-
fornia. Apply to C. A. MACOMBER, 918
Market St., room 28, between 10 and 12.
LOTS to exchange for little ranch; about $1500.
Address box 1283, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; tel. Main 1644.
LOANS to salaried people: no security escept
name. New Era Loan Co.. 10034 Broadway.
Oakland. Hours. 10 to 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rate?: no commission; $?5 up:
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount of 6M per cent on real estate. id !
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- I
bate. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. ;
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF- I
FICE. 22 Mason *t.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. «6 Market st.
$C 1 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d morts;. :
nnv nrpr>.-»iltlon TVvdfTi. 413 Montgomery «it.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlor— Best work~at
. lowest prices. Full set of teeth $5 up; fillings
25c up. All work absolutely painless: written
guarantee; painless extraction by electricity
cur specialty; ten skilled operators; no stu-
dents: the largest and handsomest dental par-
lor* west of Chicago: open evening and all
day Sunday. Corner Sixth and Market sts.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no student.' employed; extracting free-
when plates are ordered: consultation free. j
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see n*w flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 year*:
• teeth without plates, crown and brl\«te work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, iT. 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chlcagv Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. telephone Jes»'e 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 26c; 22k. gold
crowns, $3; gold bridge, $5; plates repaired;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. JBS- Mission St., cor. Sixth.
CROC) ME Dental Office: best work; lowest
prices; painless extracting, filling; crown and
bridge work a specialty: plates. $5 up; filling,
EOc up. 759 Market, bet. B<i & 4th; est. 20 yrs.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasorteble; gas given.
COLTON Dental Association, 80« Market st.
DR. CHARLES \V. DECKER.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth
$4: filling.- gold. s<>v. »Uver. 25c: crowns. $3.
CV&PET " CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate eve., tel. East 128. .1 .-.-": . V* ;.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
ELEGANT home. A-lams Point property, ad- I
Joining Vernon Heights; a beautiful new resi-
dence. Just built; 9 rooms, bath, reception !
hall, two pantries, etc.; plumbing latest and I
best; plate glass windows: hot air heater,
with pipes to all rooms and halls: lot 30x125: i
more land can be had If desired; this is
certainly a model residence; picture of fam«
will be sent on application: price J6COO; terms
to suit purchaser. LAKE SHORK LAND
CO.. A. H. EF.EED. manager, 1070 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FIIIMTLIIE FOR * ALR.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHE*I£ j
HAAS* old store. 4CS Eleventh st. flee him. ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMF.RA HEAL ESTATE.
1300— 60x12S LOT on San Antonio «ye.
31100—60x258 lot on Benton St.. near Santa
Clara live.
$1500— New 5-room cottage, on Grand st.: wort
a!! done.
$2600—60x200 house. 8 rooms; windmill and I
tank.
1350© — elegant new house, 8 rooms; I
modern; at Morton-st. station; easy terms.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda, Office i
open Sundays.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
RKRKt^i:V REAL ESTATE.
A VERY sensible New Year's present — A love- !
ly cottage of 7 rooms; all the latest improve-
ments; street work all done and near the
university; a regular poem. J. J. MASON,
real estate, Berkeley station. ■■ -
MABEIAQE~LICENSBSr~
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Johan Hendrtcksen and Hilda S. Jackson.. J7-21
Jules B. Didier and Florida F. Conway 24-22
A. T. Vogelsang and Fannie F. J0hn50n... 37-20 i
Emanuel M. Stoltz and Frances Levey 37-23 |
Manuel Blanco and Florentina Topettie... 39-30
C. H. Westphal and Pauline Schoenmakers.3s-26
Charles G. Donaldson and Mary P. Jones.. 22-20
Charles R. Hansen Jr. and Elese M. Herve.J3-23
Milen R. Dempster and Amy E. Cotrel 40-30
James R. Hiygins and Sadie A. Mars 23-20
HBIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
FARMAN— In Napa. CaJ., January 3, 1599. to
the wife of Dr. Charles H. Farman, a son.
FORREST— In this city. January 7. 1599. to the
wife of Dr. James Forrest, a daughter.
JACOBSEN— In Bethany, Cal., January 3, 1899,
to the wife of J. Jacobsen (formerly Clara M. i
Proksch), a daughter.
TICKNOR— In this city. January 3, 1*99, to the
wife of E. C. Tlcknor, a son.
Andrews, William O. Meagher, Michael
Beiasco, Reyna Meyer, Emma
Bosney, Frank L. Mortenson. Henrietta
Cashman. Mrs. F. W. Muenter, Walter G.
Chase, Charles M. Nelson. Ella F.
Curt. Margaret S. Nelson, Mary
Crandall. Mary A- O'Brien. John J.
Dare, Starr O'Brien. Katie
Dillon, Mary O'Connell, John J.
Elsenhardt. John O'Keefe. Michael
Fogarty, Thomas F. Olsen. Jane
Foster, Mrs. Jennie Page, Florence
Hackett. Emily Pierce. John '
Hathaway. Aaron D. Portney, John
Hauser, Louisa Regan. Mary A.
Helneberg, Rika Rose. Nettle
Hoffman. Sellgman Sandbach. Henry M.
Honen, Andrew Shaver, Aaron B.
Horstmann, Alice M. Sullivan. Margaret
Jones, Agnes Butter, Minnie
Kropp, John E. Sylvester. Daniel J.
Lenhardt. Mrs. Anna Venn. George G.
Lyons. Ellen Waldeck. Henrietta
McGregor, Robert E. Williams. Robert C.
% _ ______
ANDREWS— In Bolinas. January 11. 1599. Wil-
liam 0., beloved husband of the late Hanna j
Andrews, and father of Mrs. Anna Hutchln- j
son, a native of Massachusetts, aged So years.
{C7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence I
In Bollnas. Interment Bolinas.
BELASCO— In this city, January 11. 1539,
Reyna. beloved wife of Abraham Belasco.
and mother of David, Israel, Fred. Walter.
Sally. Henry and Edward Beiasco, Mrs. Sarah
Mayer and Mrs. Hannah Herin.*hi, a native
of London. England, aged 6S years. (New
York and London papers please copy.)
CT^N'jtice of funeral hereafter.
BOSNEY— In this city, January 11, IS»9. '
Frank L. Bosney. beloved brother of Virgil j
and Oscar Boaney, Mrs. F. S. Hall, Mrs. Ross
McAmis and Mrs. K. D. Mori, a native of
Marysvllle, Cal., aged 40 years.
CASHMAN— In this city, January 11, 1599, Mrs.
Frances Woods Cashman.
CHASE— this city. January 9. 1599, at his
residence, 27' ' California street. Charles •
Metaphor, husband of Kate Chase, and
brother at Henry A. Chase, a native of Bal-
timore, Md., aged 67 years. (Baltimore, pa-
pers please copy.)
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, northwest corner Post and Montgomery
streets. |
CLIFT— In Oakland. January 10, 1539, Mar- !
garet S. f wife of Osro Clift. and mother of i
Charlotte and Elizabeth S. Clift. formerly of I
Clifts Ridge. Mendoclno County, a native of '
Ireland, aged 69 years 9 months and 27 days, j
CRANDALL— In this city, January 11, 1899, at !
rest. Mary Ann Crandall, belied mother of i
William G., George B. and John R. Cran- !
dall. a native of Vermont, aged 84 year* and '
19 days.
(C? Interment at Santa Clara Saturday,
January 14. 9 a. m. train.
DARE— In Huntsvllle, Ala.. December 31, IS9S.
Starr, husband of Abbie V. Dare, and son of j
John T. and Mary Annette Dare, a native of L
Vallejo, Cal., aged 25 years 1 month and 8 :
days.
r Th9 funeral will take place this day I
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Presi- I
dio Chapel.
DILLON— In this city, January It 1599, Mary,
beloved wife of Patrick Dillon, and mother of
John Dillon, a native of County Cork, Ire- '
land, aged 55 years.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 43 Federal street, off Second, between
Bryant and Brannan, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EISENHARDT— In this city, January 11. 1599,
John Hlsenhardt, a native of Germany, aged
85 years.
FOGARTY— this city. January 11, IS3». at
his residence. 68 Converse street. Thomas F.,
beloved husband of Sadie Fosarty, son of
Michael and Mary Fogarty, and brother of I
William J., Jennie. Charles E., Nellie, Flor-
ence and James Fogarty and Mrs. David Wil-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
FOSTER— In this city, January 10. 1899, Mrs.
Jennie Foster, loving mother of Mrs. J. M.
Currie of San Francisco, Mrs. S. F. . Taylor
of Boston and Frank F. Foster of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Nova Scotia, aged 57 years
8 months and 4 days. (Nova Scotia and Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
■ (£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, January 14, at 2 o'clock, at the
First Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason streets.
HACKETT— In this city, January 11, 1899,
Emily, dearly beloved wife of Dennis Hack-
ett. and beloved mother of John, Wyat and
Eugene Birdsall, Mrs. Nettie Carpenter and
the late Mrs. Maggie Morey, a native of
Orange County, New York, aged 61 years.
HATHAWAY— In this city. January 9, oaf,
Aaron D. Hathaway, brother of Andrew H.
Hathaway, a native of Assonet, Freetown,
Mass.. aged 55 years 4 months and 22 days.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend . the funeral this day (Thursday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Halatetl &
Co., 946 Mission street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
HAUSER— In this city. January 10, 1899, Louisa
Hauser, beloved mother of Joe and Jack Con-
rad, a native of Switzerland, aged £6 years.
EJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Folsom-
street German M. E. Church. Folsom street,
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission street,
near Twenty-first.
HEINEBERG— In this city, January 9. 1599.
Rika Heineberg. beloved mother of Joseph,
Jacob. Laura, Elf rieda and Golda Heinebergr,
Mrs. M. Bluroenthal and Mrs. B. F. Phillips,
a native of Westphalia. Germany, aged 71
years and 10 months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1519 Jackson street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Please omit
flowers. ■':•-;• - '■,
HOFFMAN— In this city. January 1L 1559,
SeHgman, beloved husband of Lena Hoffman,
and father of William 5... Eugene. Jessie
and Alice Hoffman, a native of Germany,'
aged 66 years 7 months and It days. New
York, N. V.. papers please copy.)
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1612 Geary street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HONEN— In this city. January 10, 1899, An-
drew, beloved son of Gabriel and ■ Marie
Honen, and brother of Charles and Mamie
Honen, a native of San Francisco, aged "26
years 10 months and 20 days. (Santa Cruz.
Cal.. and Ft. Louts. Mo., papers please eery.)
ETFrlenrts and acquaintances are respect- t
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at - o'clock, from the residence of j
the parents. 22 Silver street. Interment Ma- j
sonic Cemetery.
HORSTMANN— In th!« city. January 11. 1599, \
Alice Mai. beloved daughter of August C, "•
and Fredericka Horstmann, a native of New I
Jersey, aged 4 months and 20 days.
JONES— In Petaluma, January 10, 1899, Agnes,
dearly : beloved daughter of. Captain . Robert j
and Mrs. M. J. Jones, aged 23 years 5 months
and 14 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the home of
the parents. Petaluma.
KROPP— this city. January 11. IS9?. John 8.,
beloved son of Ellen and the late Ernest H.
Kropp, and brother of Walter E-. Laura M.
and Henry W. Kropp and Mrs. N. H. Stober.
a native of San Francisco, aped 21 years 1
month and 13 days.
£3* Notice of funeral hereafter.
LENHARDT— In this city, January 10. 1899,
Mrs. Anna Catherina Lenhardt. beloved
mother of Captain George A. Raabe. a native
of KuHhesseu, Germany, aged 17 yean 4
• months ar>d ; day*. (Eastern papers please
copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her sen. 2SS3 Twenf -first street, between
Harrison and Folsom. By special request of
Captain George A. Raabe, the gentlemen are
asked to keep their hats on at the grave in
the interest of health. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city. January 10. 1599. Ellen.
t*«!oved wife of Charles 1., ms, a native of
County Cnrlow. Ireland, aeed 54 years.-
CFr!"n;:s ar.c'. noquafr.tar.cer, era respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this rfar
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlor*
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 757 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crops Cemetery.
McGREGOR— Los Angeles, January 10. 1399.
Robert Evans, son of the late Josenh and
Fannie McGregor, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years 4 months and 12 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons' Hall,
414 Mason street. Funeral under the aus-
pices of Marshall Parlor No. 2?2. N. S. G. W.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■ .•
MEAGHER-J-In this city. January 11. 1599.
Michael, beloved husband of the late Alicia
Meagher. and brother of Thomas. William J.
and the late John F. Meagher. a native of
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 62 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MEYER— In this city. January l!. 1899, Emma-
beloved wife of John Meyer, mother of An-
nie and Willie Meyer, daughter of the lata
Frederick and Caroline Heydenreich. and sis-
ter of Emil and the late Frederick Heyden-
reich, a native of New York, aired 25 years.
MORTENSON— In Oakland, January 10. 189*,
Henrietta F., wife of Charles G. Mortenson.
and mother of Claude N., Henry and Deta
Mortenson. a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years S months and 10 days. — ,- : --■ .->
E?"Frien.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Woolsey street, Lorin. Interment pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
Mr ENTER— In this city, January 10, 1539, Wal-
ter George, dearly beloved son of Charles and
Katherine Muenter, and brother of William,
Emma, Oscar and Edward Muenter, a native
of San Francisco, aged 16 years 1 month and
6 days.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parent?. 140 Juniper street, between
Tenth and Eleventh, Harrison and Bryant.
Interment private.
NELSON— In South San Francisco, January H.
1839, Ella F.. beloved wife of George Nelson,
mother of Willie and Mamie Nelson, sister
of Mrs. Mangle Kirk, and aunt of Ella F. and
May G. Kirk, a native of Brooklyn. N. V .
aged 35 years.
E7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1722 Twelfth avenue. South San Fran-
clsco, thence to All Hallows Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, January 10. ISS9. Mary.
beloved wife of the late Captain Henry Nel-
son, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years 2
months and 5 days.
IC?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, SO3H Treat avenue, between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this" city, January 10. 1899. John
Joseph, beloved son of John and Mary
O'Brien, and brother of Margaret and Robert
O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years 2 months and 25 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hi« parents, 31 Lexington avenue,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for serv-
ices at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— this city. January 11. 1599. Katie.
beloved daughter of Margaret and the late
Michael O'Brien, and sister of John O'Brien,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 6
months and 7 days. .;.,.■-
-t7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the furtpral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, * 103 Natoma street, thence to St, Pat-
rick's Church for services commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city. January 11. 1599.
John Joseph, dearly beloved son of Margaret
and the late Morris O'Connell. brother of
Morris. Margaret. Luke and Nora O'Connell.
and stepson of Georee O. Keyes, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years and 1 month.
- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:> o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 13d Twenty-eighth street, be-
tween Church and Dolores, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Chi-: :h
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock, interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'KEEFE— In this city, January 11. 1g99.
Michael, beloved son of Daniel and Abigail
O'Keefe, and brother of Daniel and th» late
Patrick O'Keefe. a native of Pnilaclelphia,
aged IS years and 23 days.
lE^Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1407 Mason street, thence to
St. Francis Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLSEN— this city, January 10. 1899, Jane,
beloved wife of Henry Olsen. and mother of
Mrs. Alfred Schmidt, a native of Ireland.
PAGE— In this city, January 11. ISS9. Florence,
beloved wife of Hamilton G. Pajte. and
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Nightingale.
a native of California, aged 33 years.
(C7"Funeral and Interment private from her
late residence, 201 Buchanan street, this day
(Thursday), at 3 o'clock.
PIERCE— In the City and County Hospital.
January 10. 1559, John Pierce, a native of
England, aged 60 years.
PORTNEY— this city. January 10, 1899. John,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Port-
ney, brother of Kate. James and Mary Port-
ney, and nephew of the late William Noonan.
a" native of the parish of Conna, County
Cork. •lreland, aged 31 years. >. i; :
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 SO o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hi? aunt, Mrs. Noonan, 616 Sixth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church. lira r. nan
etrept, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REGAN— In this city. January 11. 1599, Mary
Ann, beloved wife of Daniel Regan, and sis-
ter of the late Kate McCullough, a native of
Klllywill, parish of Paulkenvale, County
Derry. Ireland, aged 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
ROSE— In this city. January 11. 1899. Nettle,
beloved wife of T. A. Rose, a native of New
York, aged 44 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
G F. Atkinson. 11 Clementina street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
\NDBACH— In this city. January 9. 1599,
Henry M. W. Sandbach, a native of England,
aged 46 years 7 months and 6 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, corner of Geary- Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car.
SHAVER— In San Rafael. January 8. 1599.
Aaron 8., beloved husband of Annie J. Sha-
ver and brother of Jacob Shaver, a native
of Wayne County, N. V., aged 76 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January 10. 1899, Mar-
garet Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years.
SUTTER— In this city, January 10. 1599. Min-
nie, beloved wife of Gabriel Sutter. mother
of Maria Baumann, daughter of Caspar and
Sophie Baumann. and sister Of Lena, Joaie.
Maria, Isadore, Willie and Frank Baumann.
a native of Switzerland, aged 26 years S
months and 14 days.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzl°x. 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■
SYLVESTER— In this city. January 11, 1599,
Daniel Julian Michael, infant son of Daniel
A. and Mamie A. Sylvester.
VENN— In this city, January U. 1899. George
G beloved son of Charles C. and Catherine
Venn, and brother of Mrs. F. P. Gilbert.
Mrs. Messec and Harry. Maud and Gertrude
Venn, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years 10 months and IS dayts.
WALDECK— In this city, January 9, 1599, at
her residence, 110 San Jose avenue. Henriette
Johanna, beloved wife of Ernst Waldeck, and
mother of Minna, Friedrich and Emma Wal-
deck a native of Essen. Hanover. Germany,
aged 49 years 7 months and 24 days. (New
York Staats-Zeitung please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at ! o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. ' .
WILLIAMS— In Nar*. January 11. 1539. Robert
Cr">n. detirly lw»lovi»d soil of Mr. and Mrs.
C." It\" Williams, aged i years 9 months and 24
days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., .
(Successors to Flanagan tt Gallagher).
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EilßAl^!
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln JachaoU
Telephone South SO.
1112
ABOLISHED THE
NORMAL SCHOOL
AT ONE SWOOP
New Directors Used
the Besom.
TEACHERS IN DIRE TERROR
CONSOLIDATION AND BUSINESS
BASIS THE WATCHWOBDS.
A "Ladies' Night" Before the Board,
Whereat Momentous Changes
Were Inaugurated ,and
More Hinted At.
The Board of Education had a good
house last evening. It was the new mem
bers' second performance and the fame
of their first appearance brought the pub
lic to their doors. Long before th«
Directors issued from their dressing-room
in the secretary's office every seat In the
Srallery HJid on the floor was occupied and
standing- room was at a discount.
It was really "lady teachers' night,"
as almost two-thirds of the large audi
ence were of the fair gender. Reclasslfl
cation and consolidation were in the air,
and earh teacher in the audience was
oppressed with the feeling that her posi
tion was slipping from under her. There
■were eleven Directors present and there
couid lie no luck in odd numbers in this |
instance, besides two secretaries were in
Attendance and that made thirteen, and
trouble was "on deck." Moreover, from i
the scattering of attorneys looming In I
tha crowd It was evident that somebody ;
w.-t* [ reparing to checkmate declared
vacancies with injunction suits.
In fact one injunction flitted into tha
chamber before the board was called to j
order. It was an order from Judge Daln- \
fcerneld enjoining the abolishment of Mis-s |
Kmfly l>yer's position as teacher. Miss
Dyer was assigned to the Washington
evening school without any class upon
•which to exercise her pedagogic privilege, !
and naturally anticipated trouble. Ac
cording to reports Washington evening
«chool is a "soft" old thing where teach
ers have from four to forty pupils to a
class.
The first act of the session last even-
Ing was the re-transference of Mrs. Mlch
ner back to Winneld Scott Grammar
school. The old board had sent her chas
ing a will o" the wisp class in the Spring
Valley Bchool, which of course she was
unablf to ratch. Miss Kate McGaugh was
by the old board sent somewhere, and
was last evening brought back to her
original position in the Hancock Gram
mar.
Director Stow asked to have the billet
of Miss Catherine Black, music teacher
at thp Lowell High School, sponged from
the blackboard. His request was granted
by his fellow Directors. Miss E. C. Finks
was a teacher at the Girls' High School
without a class. By the vote of the
her position went glimmering and
the salary was "unassigned."
Miss Ellen A. Sleator, through her at
torney, protested against the loss of her
class and that of three other teachers
In the IJncoln Primary School. She
stated that she had taught in this city
since lSfc9 and in Lincoln since 1890, and
claimed to have hold-over privileges by
reason of long service.
The following is the report received on
the deplorable condition of the unllnished
heating and ventilating system In the
new Mission High School building:
The system is still In an incomplete state.
No provisions have been made In any of th»
rooms to regulate the heat and no ventilating
openings have been made in any of the first
story rooms. In the Assembly room nothing
has been done for either heating or ventilating.
Two large openings In the wall were left above
the gallery for hot air which have been plas
tered up since the walla were finished and tint
ed. Where openings are made In rooms they
are still left with no registers or guards. The
basement Is badly cut up with ducts and par
titions. Some of these are so low that less
than five feet is left to pass under them. The
delay in the work has. and is, causing much
annoyance to the occupant?, the Incomplete
fr.vstpm making It too hot In some rooms and
too cool In others. Teachers are obliged to use
windows to ventilate In all first and second
floor rooms.
The Board decided that the contractors
be given Uve days to complete this work;
in the event of failure in this the work
would be completed by the department.
The strong uct of the evening came on
when the finance Committee made its
report, and when the secretary arose to
read there wan the deepest silence. The
latter portion ol the report which con
tained the meat is as follows:
• A review of facts and figures brings us to
the conclusion that, we cannot legally^ assume
the deficits of the past board, and in order to
• meet the regular legitimate expenses of the
School Department we will be obliged to prac
tice the strictest economy. We have looked
Carefully into the following recommendations,
j •which we h?re enumerate, for your favorable
. consideration. Space and time prevent our
'Including our arguments for the proposals,
and we suggest that the best results can be
obtained by a free discussion of same in open
• board.
PROPOSALS.
That the secretary of the Board of Educa
tion serve a written notice upon the Auditor
■ and the Treasurer of the city, stating that we
' have a legal right to control 6-12ths of $1,
--> 217,140. said amount being total appropriation
(Jf06,570) allowed for the general school fund,
■to be u»ed in the fiscal year ending June 30,
1899, and require Bald Auditor and Treasurer
to respect our legal rights to control 6-12ths I
"of the entire appropriation and notify this '
: board of their action on this matter; also In- I
form us of the condition of the Mission High.
School fund.
. .We are compelled to decline payment of any i
and all claims and demands against the
'•School Department Incurred prior to January
.I/ 1599.
- ' The San Francisco Normal School to be abol- |
•.Ished-and the positions of all teachers and |
Janitors attached thereto are abolished from
and after February 1, 1899.
• • Resolved. That all teachers In the Normal '
School whose positions have been abolished I
be' placed upon the list of unasslgned teachers !
and be directed to report to the superintendent.
That the secretary of this board shall imme
diately furnish a bond to the amount of $5000,
' and each assistant secretary a bond of $1000.
' for ,the faithful performance of their duties,
laid bonds to be approved by the president and
the chairman of the Finance Committee of the
Board.
lii ( inclusion would say that resolutions of
January 4 and the adoption of above propo
sals will net us a monthly saving of at least
fGAOO. If wo hnve J605.570 to meet expenses for
the coming nix months the salaries will require
about $56.00n p«r month (provided retrench
ments are carried out an suggested) or a to
tal of $516,000 for the six months, leaving ap
proximately a balance of $92,000 to meet all
Dth<*r demands against the School Department.
We would BUBResH that the chairman of each
Standing committee hand to the secretary of
this board an estimate of the funds he will
r Ire for the six months ending June 30,
That no more than thirty substitutes, Includ
tng- all un:±ssigned teachers, shall at any time
ie under pay. Whenever the number shall px
reed thirty the secretary shall notify those last
elected In excess of that number that they are
suspended untl! the number In the class shall
be reduced by assignment or otherwise to
thirty.
The matter of finances can then be Intelli
gently taken up and handled for the best In
terests of the School Department.
The resolutions, and In fact every reso
lution, report and suppestion of the Board
were unanimously adopted.
It was the prize harmonious session.
Beveral attorneys tried to protest against
the fall of the Normal School, but noth
ing could stop that Board.
Mrs. McQuewan Was Insane.
Chief Justice Miner of the Supreme
Court of Utah arrived yesterday morning
ernii took the remains of his daughter.
Mrs. HcQui'wan, in charge. The body
ivas embalmed and put aboard the train
paving for Salt Lake City last evening.
It was accompanied by the bereaved par
tnts. Coroner Hall held an inquest in the
.nornjng and the Jury returned a verdict
•.hat the deceased had committed suicide
oy hanging herself while temporarily ln-
KEPT OUT BY A BREAKING BAR.
| The American ship Henry B. Hyde and a British ship with her maintopmast gone put in an ap
pearance off the Heads yesterday morning. The bar was very rough at the time, and the southeast gale
1 prevented the tugs from bringing them in by way of the north channel, so they had to stand on and off
| all day. Toward sundown the bar began to break, so the Hyde hove-to for the night and the Britisher
stood off shore. She could not be made out, and the reinsurance speculators think it is the Caradoc, on
1 which 90 per cent is being paid. The above picture is as seen through the glass at the Merchants' Ex-
I change lookout station at Point Lobos.
GASTO N ASHE
ON EVILS OF
INTIMIDATION
Election Day Stories
Retold.
POLICE FAVORED DENNERY
WOULD NOT SUPPRESS HIS VIL
LAINOUS FOLLOWING.
The Contest for Porter Ashe's Seat
in the Senate to Be Transferred
Shortly to the State
Capitol.
The Dennery-Ashe election contest in- !
volving the right of Porter Ashe to a seat
in the State Senate is running its course
rapidly before Justices Kerrigan and j
Groezlnger. Three witnesses were ex- |
amined yesterday on behalf of Mr. Ashe,
ard it Is expected that all the testimony
will be in to-day. The witnesses yester
day were Sylvester M. Sullivan, Gaston
Ashe and Charles W. Freese, a personal !
friend of the Ashe boys.
They repeated the stories as to the
conduct of Dennery's followers through
out election day— of the prizefighters and j
negroes who went about Intimidating
voters and of the passive stand taken by
the police. Gaston Ashe told of Sergeant i
Shea being within fifteen feet of one man !
who was knocked down and declining to
make an arrest on the plea that he did !
not see the assault. He also declined to
remove a man who was creating a dis
turbance in a booth and who was working
for Dennery.
He testified to having met Sergeant j
Martin just after Porter Ashe had spoken j
harshly of the police at a meeting in Met
ropolitan Hall. Martin complained that
Ashe had given him an unmerited roast.
The latter retorted that Martin was seen
In Dennerv's company the previous night.
Martin acknowledged he had treated Den
nery to a glass of beer and volunteered- to
buy wine for Ashe. The offer was de
clined.
According to Gaston Ashe a desperate
crowd gathered in the booth at Pacific
and Taylor streets. They were not resi
dents of the neighborhood. They were
continually asking the tally clerk why
he did not put down more votes for Den
nery. This he could not do, owing to the
watchfulness of Gaston Ashe. The lat
ter, who was a champion boxer, and is big
and rugged, testified that he did not fear
bodily narm, but he took the precaution
to keep a table between himself and the
roughs, po that he could have plenty of
elbow room. He did not talk back or re
sent anything that was said to him. as he
thought "they might wipe up the floor
with me, and I wanted to remain and
protect my brother's interests."
The witness said they did not make a
saloon fight. He naively said that any
workers who wanted money were sent to
the other candidate's camp.
He said some car-drivers were friendly
to his brother, and Eugene Bert, for Den
nery, thought he had struck a lead into
the Southern Pacific Btronghold, hut It
did not prove bo. The men were gripmen
on the union-street line.
Sullivan, the first witness of the day,
saw an Ashe ballot counted for Dennery,
but upon his protest it was corrected. He
told of men who said they had to pre
tend to stand In with Dennery or the po
lice would arrest them as vagrants. Tne
case goes on this morning.
English Millionaire Lipton tells
how he expects to beat the "Yan
kees," in Next Sunday's Call.
Lecture on the Philippines
Professor Davidson delitered a very in
teresting lecture on the Philippine Islands
at the Academy of Sciences last evening.
During his discourse he touched upon the
commercial merits of the group, and said
he believed the United States should have
controlled stations and lands in the Pa
cific years ago. The purchase of Alaska,
he claimed, was the first step taken to
ward making our nation a controller of
the world, and he hoped to see the
day when there should be no limit to t«r
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 12, 1899.
rltortal expansion. The professor devoted
most of his time to a description of the
population, physical conditions, climate
and productions of these lands.
PRODUCTION OF METALS,
Statistics Show a Healthy Increase
During the Pest Year.
Wells, Fargo & Co. have issued their an
nual report of precious metals produced In
the States and Territories west of the
Missouri River Including British Colum-
bia and Northwest Territory) during 1898.
which shows in the aggregate: Gold, $78,
--461.202: silver, $39,016,565; copper, $46,200,648;
lead, $13,344,251; total gross result. $177,022,
--666. The commercial value at which the
metals named have been estimated is:
Silver, 58 cents an ounce; copper, 12 cents
per pound, and lead, $3.65 per cwt.
The gross yield of each State or Terri
tory was aa follows: California, $18,106,351;
' Nevada, J3.5W.542; Oregon, $2,215,119; Wash
■ ington. $457,596; Alaska. $3,321,491; Idaho,
$11,648,266; Montana, $43,898,080; Utah, $10.
--481,888; Colorado, $41,316,644: New Mexico,
$1,704,866; Arizona. $15,575,829: Dakota.
$6,704,420; Texas, $281,100; Wyoming, $52,275;
British Columbia and Northwest Terrl
i tory, $17,603,200.
The year's combined product of the met
j als herein treated of is the greatest in the
histories of the countries— United States
of America, British Columbia and North
west Territory— that of gold, $78,461,202, be
i Ing above any previous record officially
reported, and the world's output of gold
for 1898, approximately $280,000,000. is amaz
ing. The most notable increases have
been In South Africa. $25,000,000; British
possessions of the Northwest. $6,000,000;
Australasia, $6,000,ij00, and United States,
$3,000,000.
The exports of silver during the past
year to Japan and <'hina, vho Straits, etc.,
i have been as follows: Fn>m Ixindon, $27,
--404.623; San Francisco. $5,217,409; total,
! $32,622,032, as against $48,412,009 in 1897.
DIVORCE PROCEEDINGS
DISCLOSE A ROMANCE
I. R BURNS WOULD MARRY
MISS AH FONGK
Alleges That His Wife Deserted Him
Many Years — She Files :
Denial of All Charges.
An answer was filed yesterday by Hat
tie E. Burns In the suit recently.-Insti
tuted against her by her husband, Igna
tius R. Burns, who seeks a divorce on the
ground of desertion, and through the join
j Ing of issues a little romance has been dis
j closed. It Is definitely stated and ac
i knowledged by Burns' attorney that when
the marital ties binding- Mr. Burns to;
his present wife 'are severed he will /take
Into his home another bride In the per
i Bon or one of the wealthy, attractive and
| much-talked-of Ah -Fong girls of Hono
lulu. ■ . : ■ . -■ •■:■ v . ■ ;;.
• Burns is well known In this city; having
| •engaged in the Insurance business here
I up to a few months ago.'wHen he went' to
! Honolulu. He married.' his present wife In
i .this city June 14. 1882, and Just ten years
I later they separated. Burns charges, that
his wife.decerted him and took with, her
their daughter, Elizabeth, who Is now 15
> years of age. Mrs. Burns enters ; a gen
eral denial to her husband's complaint,:
but asks: that in the event the court sees
fit to grant a divorce that she be allowed
'■ to resume- her maiden name and enjoy the
i custody of her minor child. • It was during
i his visit to Honolulu that Burns met Miss
,Ah Fong. In the event of ■ a successful
| culmination of his suit for divorce he will,
I it is announced,. Join ; his 1 fortune with hers
I and they will return. to the bride's island
I home. i . ,
■* • -
Photo-Micrography.
Professor Argenti, professor of micro
scopy at the College of Pharmacy, dellv
| ered a lecture descriptive of the merits
of photo-micrography before the members
of the California Camera Club last even
ing. By means of lenses he produced on
canvascross and longitudinal sections of
! plants, flowers and rocks. The lenses used
lin this operation magnified 10.000 dla
' meters and brought out every mark and
i line clear and distinct. Trie object of the
! professor's exhibition is to encourage the
■ introduction of photo-micrography in
i other sciences.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WTIISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Death of Mrs. Page.
Mrs. Hamilton Page, wife of Hamilton
Page, the managing owner of the Indian
apolis Furniture Company, died yesterday
morning at her home, 201 Buchanan street,
after a long and painful Illness. She
leaves one daughter, aged 15. The funeral
will take place this afternoon at 3 o'clock
from the family residence. The Interment
will be in Masonic Cemetery.
"W. A. Strohmeler & Co.'s candy kitchen,
pure home-made candles, caramels, tafr
fles, etc. Our celebrated cough candy best
in the world. 100 C Market street. •
HOBSDN GREETED
BY THE HAWAIIANS
Warmly Welcomed at
Honolulu.
HUNDREDS SHAKE HIS HAND
TENDERED SEVERAL PUBLIC
RECEPTIONS.
Delivers a Speech, at the Dock, Refer
ring to the Navy's Euthusiasm
for Uncle Sam's
Cause.
HONOLULU. Jan. 4.— Lieutenant
Hobson, the hero of the Merrimac,
passed through here on December 31 on
his way to join the Manila fleet. Soon
after he came ashore from the Gaelic
he was taken to the Pali to see one of
the most striking pieces of nature's
handiwork and the no less striking con
quest of man over nature's difficulties,
the Pali road. He was entertained at
luncheon by Special Agent and Mrs.
Sewall at the American legation. There
was an impromptu public reception at
the Young Men's Christian Association
rooms and later at the Officers' Club
and a popular demonstration at the
wharf.
Hundrpds gathered at the wharf to
see the naval hero. He arrived there
in company with Mr. Sewall not ten
minutes before the steamer sailed.
Dense as the crowd was, a passage
through was kept clear. As he passed
; to the gang plank hundreds extended
their hands to shake his. Calm and
courteous, he recognized all greetings.
! Several ladies whom he met during the
day presented hi.a with lels.
As soon as he reached the deck the
1 order to cast off was given. From the
; bridge he acknowledged the continuous
' salutations and enthusiasm. To calls
for a speech he responded, hesitating
at first, but moved by the feelings to
which he gave expression, warmly and
fluently, as he thanked those present
| for the greeting they gave, and
; sketched briefly and enthusiastically
the spirit and acts of those who took
part with him in the Merrimac exploit |
and of the thousands of others who
sought so hard to be chosen to take
| part in it.
Writs of mandamus have been issued I
by the Circuit Court directing Collector
General McStocker to issue Hawaiian |
j registry to the bark Willscot and the!
ship Euterpe. The complainant is Col
onel George W. Macfarlane, and in the
case of the Euterpe Lincoln D. Spencer j
of Seattle, by his attorneys, Kinney & ;
Ballou and McClanahan. In the case I
of the Willscot temporary registry was !
issued by Consul Wilder at San Fran
cisco July 22.
The reason registry is refused is that
since the decision in the Chinese ha
beas corpus case on the question of sov
ereignty, the local government feels
j that the former decision under which |
registry was granted to the Kilohana j
! and other vessels has been modified and
| it has been decided to bring the ques
tion anew before the courts for further
consideration.
Application for Hawaiian registry has
been made for the Star of France.
James R. Renton, the manager of
Hamakua Sugar Mill, is dead. The body |
of the deceased was brought to Ko- J
hala on Tuesday, December 26, and the i
funeral took place on December 28.
Four of the round-the-Horn sugar !
fleet are In port. They are the St. i
Francis, W. F. Babcock and Wlllscott.
These vessels are chartered in the
names of different plantation agencies,
but this is merely for convenience, as
by agreement nearly every agency will
be represented in each cargo.
Clara Barton tells about the work
of the Red Cross in Cuba in next
Sunday's Call.
SAMOANS MAY
BE ONCE MORE
PLUNGED IN WAR
Mataafa and Malietoa
Ready to Fight.
RUNAWAY CASHIER CAUGHT
TAKEN OFF STEAMER MARI-
POSA AT AUCKLAND.
Sophia Peterson, a IT-Year-Old Girl,
Wants to Die Because Jack En-
nis, a Pugilist, De
serted Her.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
steamer Marlposa arrived from Sydney, N.
S. W., via Auckland, N. Z.. Apia, Samoa,
and Honolulu, Hawaiian islands, yester
day. During the last three days of the
run very heavy weather was encountered,
the wind veering from southeast to west
northwest with startling rapidity. Last
Tuesday morning at 1:30 o'clock It was
blowing- from the south-southeast, when
without a moment's warning a violent
squall came down from the west-north
west. The steamer sustained no damage
and came along at her nsual speed, ar
riving on time. She brought over $1,250,
--000 In treasure, being the balance of trade
between the colonies and America,
The officers f the Mariposa do not be
lieve the cablegram from Sydney, N. S.
W., which says that Mataafa has been
elected King of Samoa.
"The steamer Janiuni, which carried the
news to New Zealand, left Apia the day
befora we did," said Captain Hayward
yesterday. "On her way to Auckland she
had to call at Tonga and would about
reach New Zealand the time the cable-
gram was sent. Now, when we left Sa
moa no King had been made. Both Ma
taufa and Malletoa claimed to have been
elected and the Chief Justice was to give
a decision three or four days after we
left.
"Whichever way the decision went
trouble was expected, as the followers of
each candidate vowed they would tight
if the other chief was made King. In
anticipation of trouble United States Con
sul General Osborn and British Consul
Maxse had given notice that 'the persons
of the Chief Justice and of his family and
his private residence, as well as the Su
preme Court, are under the protection of
the American and British flags and any
attack on them will be considered an at
tack on the flags."
"Tl*; natives were coming Into Apia by
the thousands while the Mariposa lay
there. Mataafa has a following of about
16,0w) warriors, while Malietoa has only
about 5000. They were all killing pigs and
laying in stores of provisions a-s well .is
furbishing up their weapons and getting
ready for a fight. The British man-of
war Ringdove and the German gunboat
Bussard were in port and ready for an
emergency. When we were there it
looked very much as though there would
be fighting over the kingship before it
was all over and done with."
Among the passengers who left Sydney,
N. S. \V., for San Francisco on the Mari
posa were a "William Hudson" and a
"Mrs. Mary Rodgers and three children."
When the vessel reached Auckland, N. Z.,
detectives went aboard searching for a
Frank Butler, wife and three children.
Butler was a clerk in the employ of the
Carrington Coal Co-operative Shipping
Company, Newcastle, N. S. W., and ab
sconded with $1875. Hudson and Mrs.
Rodgers answered the description of Mr.
and Mrs. Butler, and they were arrested.
No money was found on Hudson, but in
a strong box Mrs. Rodgers had $450 in
English gold, $450 In English silver and
?200 in American money. Hudson was
detained, but Mrs. Rodgers was released
and came on to San Francisco. She says
Hudson was only a friend of hers and was
taking care of her on the steamer, as she
was not a very good sailor.
Passengers for Honolulu by the mall
steamer Australia had a lively time of it
leaving port yesterday. The bar was
breaking, and the stout vessel wa3 buried
again and again in the breakers. After
crossing out, however, it was all plain
sailing, and Captain Houdlette laid his
course for the islands.
The steamer Colon arrived from Pan
ama and way ports yesterday. At Aca
pulco she picked up Captain "Pete" Ott,
the pilot v. ho was carried away on the
City of Para.
The water front will be in a pretty bad
way after the storm. The blow came
when unusually high tides were the order
of the day, and in consequence all the
illling 4n has been washed away. There
are a number of dangerous holes near the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, the ap
proaches to the Broadway wharves are
in a bad condition and section 3 of the
seawall is once more in need of repair.
Down at Spear street the buildings will
begin to slip into the bay if something be
not done soon. Over in Oakland Creek
the Afon Alaw ran amuck, and on this
side the City of Dawson broke adrift
again. The Afon Alaw got alongside the
Santa Clara, and after doing considerable
damage to her started on another cruise
and ran into the ship Bohemia. She was
finally moored in a place where- Bhe could
do no damage.
Sophia Peterson, a girl 17 years old, and
living at 119% Kearny street, attempted
to commit suicide yesterday. She Is in
love with a pugilist named Jack Ennis,
and when he told her he was going away
she took a dose of oil of almonds. At the
Harbor Hospital Dr. Fltzglbbon pumped
her out, and she is now on the road to re
covery.
PASSED BOGUS CHECKS.
Arrest of a Man Who Has Been Vie-
timizing Storekeepers.
The police believe that In August Schoen
they have the man who has been passing
worthless checks on unsuspecting trades
men.
He was arrested Tuesday night by
Policemen Riordan and Harris, after hav
ing passed a bogus check for JS 40 on a
Sixth-street grocer. Last night three ad
ditional charges of uttering fictitious
checks were placed against the prisoner.
Captain Splllane Is convinced that
] Schoen, while pretending to be in the
■ business of dealing In junk, has been sys
| tematlcaJly Imposing on South of Market
| street storekeepers by making purchases
and giving them bogus checks In pay
ment
It Is expected that several additional
1 charges will be recorded against him to
j day.
Socialists to Nam« a City Ticket.
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.— The Socialist
Labor party held a convention this even-
Ing to nominate a municipal ticket. The
call for the convention said: "All mem
bers In good standing are entitled to seats
and will be regarded as delegates to the
convention." The call was signed by J.
H. Eustice, Michael Lesser and David
Graham.
The following nominations were made:
J. H. Eustlce of the Second ward for
Mayor, M. Lesser for Treasurer, W. H.
Chapman for Auditor. No nominations
for City Engineer or City Attorney were
made. They will -be filled by the Central
Committee. H. C. Tucker, E. M. Lake,
Harvey Sheffield and Frank Atterbury for
Councilmen at large; J. T. Peterson, L.
M. Harrison and H. T. Renton for School
Directors at large; J.<V\. Cook, F. A.
Schaeffer, C. L. Forsburg, W. Foster and
J. Soheithe for Library Trustees; for
ward Councilmen, A. N. Denison, Second
ward; J. W. Smith. Third ward; G. Cul
mer. Fifth ward; M. Ivorson, Sixth ward;
C. B. McCombs, Seventh ward. The First
and Fourth ward nominations were
passed.
Hunting for Sunken Spanish
Treasure Ships, a new American in
dustry, in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS^^^
continuation of the big sale in the
cloak department, also
sale of the Aaron bankrupt stock of underwear.
every lot, understand, is a small one,
and therefore it's the first come, first
pleased, policy we advise!
cheviot jacket $2.65 muslin drawers 15c
black. In all sizes; lined with fancy twill £« Pairs , ladles' muslin drawer*, of good
aYSd h f a VS. bOX £r ° nt: fOUf bU " on 3: H SSS?~ U Ssi^ whlS 1<J t e hey d Tast. Ca n?t b een
" \ cents.
' A . __ ': 106 pairs ladles' muslin drawers, of
nliiCn nnnac? \i li«% eood heavy muslin: 4 tucks, with lQr
PlUSll CaUeS 1|)4.73 m-ln. embroider)- ruffle on bottom Iwv
better grades; from the Aaron 5t0ck.........
of black novelty plush; Thibet fur all COc. 75c 98c
around; lined with silk rhadame; hand-
Bomely embroidered In braid and beads; \  'JA —
nc d .! ep .\..?...! n .^. B^ p .\. r *4 u :»5 muslin gowns 39c
; 95 ladies' muslin gowns: Princess style;
OS ,— embroidery yoke; large sailor collar; cam-
serge suits $6.65 brlc "•"• on edge 39c
° very small lots of muslin gowns, in several
ladles' serge suits; Jacket silk-lined: darts different styles, one of them a V-neck: all
trimmed with mohair braid; also back and over embroidery trimmed: lace Y»iC
sleeves: skirts trimmed down front seam ruffle all round : • ****
with braid; percaline lined; corduroy a few French style Princess andQO r
bound; colors blue or black; sizes 34 to 42 Empire muslin gowns cloC
reduced from *S 50 to $«.UB * ,
<ilk waists $sladieS'5 ladieS ' Chemise 39c
311 IV TT (11319 *¥** of fine muslin; good and heavy muslin;
round yoke; deep embroidery ruffle all
of extra taffeta; In black and colors: all : round ........300
the newest shades; tucked on the bias: in '-■*'■ ...
yoke collars and cuffs; body lined through-: see our window display and note what a
' out- pleated back; perfect In fit; in all! choice stock this Aaron stock is, and how
sizes '•-* low we're selling it!
San Francisco's greatest mail order house,
937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
(clear through from Market to Stevenson).
SUPERVISORS FAVOR
THE BIG EXPOSITION
CO-OPERATION INVOKED BY THE
COMMITTEE OF FIFTEEN.
Consideration of 1901 Celebration
Postponed Until Saturday, When
Definite Plans Will Be
Adopted.
At a special meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors held last night to consider the
proposition of holding an exposition in
j this city in 1901, It was the unanimous
sentiment of the members that the pro
ject was in every way worthy of their
support. The committee of fifteen ap
pointed by Mayor Phelan to take the af
fair in hand was present, and through
Charles Bundsehu. Richard P. Doolan, A.
S. Baldwin, President A. A. Watkins of
the Board of Trade, S. H. Friedlander
and General Warfleld, as spokesmen, re
quested the board to pass resolutions ask
ing the Legislature for the power to ap
propriate $1,000,000 for exposition purposes,
the committee then to request the Legis
lature for a special State appropriation of
$250,000, and a further national Congres
sional appropriation of &00.000.
A letter was read from J. B. Reinsteln,
chairman of the committee, in which he
1 made a strong plea for the moral and
i physical support of the Supervisors. While
; the latter were inclined to lend their aid
they were In doubt as to what plan would
be the more feasible, a tax levy covering
a period of three years or an issue of
bonds for the required amount. Tn either
case it would be necessarry to have an
enabling act passed by the Legislature
giving them authority in the premises.
On motion of Supervisor Perrault the
rooms of the board were placed at the
disposal of the committee on plans for
the exposition, which will meet on Sat
' urday at 3 p. m.. when the matter will be
j further discussed and a definite plan of
action decided on.
It was stated that a subcommittee of
three, consisting of W. 11. Mills, Charles
Hundschu and A. A. Watkins, had com
municated with the various commercial,
industrial, banking and other organiza
tions of this city, requesting each of them
! to appoint a committee of three, which
will be added to the original committee of
fifteen, and will raise the number of tne
latter to 150 members. This general com
mittee will meet the Mayor, Auditor and
the Board of Supervisors on Saturday,
< when the best plan to insure the success
! of the exposition will be adopted.
Cut by an Angered Husband.
While trying to save a woman from
being brutally beaten by her husband last
night. John Jones of 413 Clemontlna street
1 wns severely cut about the face and head
; with the jagged end of a broken bottle
wielded by the enraged man. The trouble
occurred in the house adjoining the one
occupied by Jones. He says that the man
who Injured him is named Kelly. Jones
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the injuries were dressed by Dr.
Tormoy. His assailant was arrested.
Ireland and Its Scenery.
Rev. Eugene Sheeny of Limerick, Ire
land, lectured last night at Metropolitan
Temple. He took for his subject "Ireland,
Its Architecture, Its History- and Its
Scenery." His remarks were Illustrated
by a magnificent collection of views
shown through a stereopticon. The
speaker was frequently interrupted by ap
plause by those in the audience, many of
whom seemed familiar with the route
taken. The lecture will be repeated to
night.
An Evening With Bangs.
The entertainment given last evening !n
the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium for the benefit
of the Children's Home Finding Society
was both an artistic and a financial suc
cess. The little hall was crowded. The
main feature of the entertainment was
the classical, humorous and sentimental
recitations of D. C. Bangs, the well
known impersonator.
Bay View School Affairs.
Henry All wood, vice president of the
Bay View Improvement Club, asks that
a mlsstatement regarding the distance
between the Burnett School and the Bay
View School be corrected. It Is about a
mile and a half, while the types some
days since made it only half a mile. The
number of pupils, according to Mr. All
wood, will be about fifty-five.
Death of Mrs. Mortenson.
BERKELEY, Jan. 11.— Mrs. Henrietta
F. Mortenson died last night at Fablola
Plospital as the result of a surgical opera
tion. The body was removed to-day to
the residence on Woolsey street, Lorln,
from where the funeral will be held to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock.
He Pleaded Guilty.
J. E. Gilligan, the young man who tried
to swindle several miners and was nearly
lynched for his attempt, pleaded guilty
In Judge Conlan's court yesterday. He
will appear for sentence this morning.
Advanoes made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 MUslon.
! 3-Day Specials !
It will pay you to read our ads, as
we offer the best grocery bargains
In San Francisco. A ways the
most and the best tor the money.
CHOICE RANCH EGGS,; doz 35c
ENGLISH MUSTARD (Keen's)
... \i-\h tin 10c, «-lb tin 20c
Made In London —
equal to any; excelled by none.
regular price 100 and 80c.
PARLOR MATCHES, 4 pkgs...2sc
"Ideal Brand."
Regular price, 3 pkgs. 2Gc.
McBRAYER WHISKEY, qt bot 90c
This Is a well-known brand
and speaks for itself;
bottled in bond.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot. Isc
"Ideal Brand"; finest quality.
Regular price, 20c.
NAVEL ORANGES— 2Oc, 30c and
40c a doz., according to size.
Placer County's
choicest productions.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. I Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5523. 1 Telephom West 162.
I CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. |
1 HOME COMFORT.
§f THAT SHOULD BE THE THOUGHT. 3
fl FIRST, LAST AND EVERY TIME. I
M WE ARE COMPLETE "HOME-FUR- 1
H NISHERS." "BUT NOW— PA Y WHEN " fl
H YOU CAN." SEND FOR BOOKLETS. 1
1 SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK I
i 4-PIECE I
§ PARLOR SETS I
I _ $22.50. 1
I THE J. NOON AN 1
Pi FURNITURE CO.. Inc. » I
H 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth. I
P 'Phone South 14. Open Evenings. I
Out of the Race!
It is a dismal thing to bo dropping out of tha
race of life— to stand aside helpless while other*
are crowding to victory— to be gloomy where
others are cheerful and gay— to hunger where
others are feasting— to have no part or relish In
the life-blessings that were intended for all
This break-down Is simply a result of Nerve
Starvation, and is accompanied or will soon
be followed by other symptoms— by headaches
Irritability, languor, stomach and Intestinal
trouble*, and general debility and prostration
of the system. If you want to be in the raca
■ again, you MUST FEED YOUR NERVES.
There is no other way consistent with natural
law. If the nerve mechanic be made right tha
whole human machine will resume Its powers
and functions. Happily our latest science has
found a way to do this. There is a pure and
perfect nerve-food embodied in
THE FAMOUS
PE3FECTO TABLETS
Tho grand medical discovery that has proved
euch a specific for worried and enfeebled women
and overworked, tired-out : men. • No drugs.
No bottles. No doctors' bill*. The fam-
ous Perfecto Tablets act on the Nerve system.
They tone and strengthen. They banish all th»
symptoms of Nerve failure and lost vitality.
They . Invigorate and restore the whole man.
They lift the sufferer of either sex back Into the
race of life and the full enjoyment of its activi-
ties and privileges. Put Perfecto Tablets In
purse or pocket and be happy and strong. They
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at 89. 50, a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Energy. Money Kef uncled. .
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Buildino, Chicago. 111.
Sold< by Owl Drug Co.. 8. F. and OakliaO.