VOLUME I. XXXV— NO. 128.
THE DETROIT WILL
COERCE NICARAGUA
NEW YORK. April fi.— The Her
ald'p Washincton correspondent
is the following: As the re
sult of ;i dispatch received from
the United states Charge d'Af
ta Rica aiid Xicarasua
■ ions condition of affairs
• n.iils. the cruiser De
was ordered to-day to proceed
1,.i Guayra to that point, touch
route at Port Limon, Custa Rica
eytown.
The dispatch from the American rep
resentative announced that martial law
had been declared; that General Torres,
In charge of the Bhiefields district, was
endeavoring to compel American im
porters to pay double duties on poods
brought in during the recent'insurrec
tion and that it would be advisable to
send a warship immediately to that
point.
When the dispatch was received Sec
retary Hay at once cabled Instructions
to the Charge d' Affaires directing him
to make vigorous representations to the
raguan Government to stop the
persecution of Americans at once, and
informing: him that the cruiser Detroit
had been ordered to proceed to Blue
fields immediately. Should this repre
sentation fail of effect and the annoy
ance continue the gunboat Machias
will be sent to Blueflelds. and if nec
essary the entire North Atlantic squad
ron can be centered .in Icaraguan
waters. The administration does not
intend to permit Nicaragua to em
barrass Americans, and it Is believed
that the presence of men-of-war will be
very beneficial.
Th< ' f h p Petroit to
and i rreytown are
c -a hich have reach
• ouble in the vi
; 'its.
in business in
■n residents are in
n insurrection- ■
It is understood that
are levying forced loans
■ ting f-X"i-l>itant
[c dul les on imports.
Calvo, representative of
. i, Informed me to-day that
onsequence, as
advices showing the exist
ROGERT HURLS
THE LIE AT
PICQUART
And Declares the Evidence
of Others in the Drey
fus Case Is False.
REPLIES TO BERTULUS
Then the General Goes on to Give
Motives for the Alleged Crime
of the Devils Island Prisoner.
Srieclal Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS. April 6.— The Figaro this
morning publishes the depositions of
the c<>urt of
. in reply to the evidence given
by M. Bertulus, the examining magis
;rt and M. Develle,
who was Foreign Minister in If
res the account
by M. Bertulus of his interview
with Lieutenant Colonel H. nry is false.
}!• says that ;•■ counted the in
ferview to General yins that
M. ) embraced him (Henry)
and with tears protested that he <Ber
tu!us> was forced to act by Colonel
and others, hut that really
} Ided with the general staff.
-• rt, it appears, attacked
M. P.ertulus violently, asserting that
fee had lonp susperted him. He told the
sation that Count Ester
itly changed his attitude
in' en. He recounted
tain London papers had
hazy to talk and to
horship of the bordereau.
* Th( • dilated upon th.->
yea which, in his opinion, influ
d Dreyfus — resentment for his
tment as a Jew in the military
001, entanglements with women and
Mlinp. 11.- characterized '"oio-nel
uart as a liar, demanded to b<
fronted with him and declared that
the evidence of M. Develle and others
Cull of inacruracies.
ESTERHAZY'S THREATS
TO PRESIDENT FAURE
LONDON, April 7. TV- Daily Chron
this morning prims tho text of
three letters alluded to by Examining
Mag rtulus before th<- Court
of Cassation, which Major Count Es
terhazy addressed to President Faure,
und<-r dafc her 29and 31,
rind November r,. iRf»7 — letters which
-hazy alleges were dictated to him
by Colonel Paty dv Clam.
The first letter complains that he has
been victimized by thi- Dreyfusites and
the Minister of Wax baa Ignored
hi? appeal for protection. He goes on
to beg of M. Faure to pui an •
tin- scandal, and says:
"'lf T should have the sorrow not to
be listened to by the supreme head "f
my country, my precautions are taken
for my appeal to reach the- carp of my
heraldic ohi^f, the sovereign of the Es
terhaxy family, the Emperor of Ger
many. He is a soldier and will know
The San Francisco Call.
UNITED STATES CRUISER DETROIT.
encp of an insurrection at any point in
t'osta Rica, and he is satisfied peace
and quiet prevails throughout the en
tire country.
Commander J. H. Dayton, command
ing th* 3 l>eimit. will consult with Con
sul Sorsby at Greytown and with the
consular agent at Port Limon.
TORRES TRIES TO
MULCT AMERICANS
NEW ORLEANS, April 6.— A letter to
the Picayune from Bluefields, Nica
ragua, dat^<l March 31, says: "General
Torres, the special agent of President
Zelaya, yesterday again notified the
merchants that they would have but
twenty-four hours to atrnin pay th !
duties which had been paid to the
Treasurer of Nicaragua, who served
after the revolution began. Torres
undertook to prohibit the American
consular a^ent from cabling 1 to Wash
ington or the President of Nicaragua
at Managua. lie is in charge of the
telegraph wires which lead to both the
SLEEP IN THE LAST
BIVOUAC OF THE BRAVE
WASHINGTON, April 6.— With I
full honors of war upon the [
crost of th« muthcrn . falopO
of Arlington Cemetery this
afternoon the nation, rrpre- '
sented by President McKinley, his Cab- ;
met and other high dignitaries of the
Government, the commanding gen- !
f-ral of the army and other dis
tinguished officers, all the regular and
militia organizations of the District of
Columbia, and a vast concourse of
peoplf, paid the last tender tribute of
honor and respect to th* bodies of 336 offi
cers and men who gave their lives on dis
tant battlefields for their country during
the Spanish-American war. and who were
to-day mustered into the silent army that
Bleeps in the last bivouac of the brave.
The spot selected is in the new addition
to the cemetery, looking out upon the
broad, sweeping Potomac and across to
where the glistening Washington monu
ment rear its dizzy shaft, and beyond to
the classic lines of the Capitol and the j
burnished dome of the new library build- j
ing. To the right rise the ramparts of old
Fort McPherson, to the left the countless
graves of heroes of the Civil War.
sprinkled with imposing monuments to ■
distinguished generals,' and to the rear the ' ]
stately old Lee mansion and Fort Meyer.
In this burial lot, which covers two
acres in extent, in parallel rows, the
wooden boxes containing the caskets were
ranged, separated by gTeat mounds of
earth. Over each box an American flag i
was draped. There was no particular or- '
the disposition of the remains,
though an exception was made in the case j
of the officers. The boxes containing the !
bodies of Captain Edgar Hubert of the
Eighth United States Infantry, Lleuten-
I. Barnt-tt. Ninth United States In
fantry, Lieutenant William Wood of the i
Twelfth United States Infantry. Lieuten
ant R. S. Turman of the Sixth Infantry
and Lieutenant Francis Creighton of tin-
United States Volunteer Signal Corps,
were placed at the head of the line of
graves Immediately under the eye of the j
Pres; rty. 'if the others fully 70
•i. About SO per cent i
are wholly unknown or only by the regi
ment to which they belonged.
A platform had been erected, inclosed i
how to set the honor of a soldier, even
an enemy, above the mean and equiv
ocal intrigues of politics.
"He will dare to speak out loud and
strong and to defend the honor of ten
generations of soldiers. It is for you.
M. le I'rt sidente, to judge If you should
force me to carry the question into that
region. An Esterhazy fears not any
thing or anybody if not good. Noth
ing and nobody will prevent me acting
as I say. if I am sacrificed to I know
not what miserable political combina
tions."
The second letter, couched in more
violent terms, complains that M. Faure
has ignored his appeal and threatens
to publish a photograph of "a paper
stolen by Picquart in a foreign lega
tion, which would be most compromis
ing for certain diplomatic personage*,"
if his appeals are disregarded.
The third, which is similar in tone,
alludes again to this document as a
protection for himself, "since it proves
the scoundrelism of Dreyfus" and dan
ger for France, "because its publica
tion, with fac simile writing, will fftrce
France to humiliate herself <r to de
clare war."
"Do not leave roe." he says, "the nh
ligation of r>hoosing between alterna
tives equally horrible." Alter further
Violent protestations the third letter
concludes as follows:
"I raise the old French cry, 'Help me,
my Prince! To my succor,' Let me be
ltd and I will send back the docu
ment to the Minister of War without
anybody in the world having seen it,
but let ma be defended quickly, for I
SAN FRANCISCO. FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
capital and to San Juan del Sur, the
cable station.
The American Consul, after discover
ing that it would be impossible to se
cure satisfactory information from
Torres, withdrew with the American
merchants, who accompanied him to
the palace. At this meeting Torres also
declined to state what steps will be
taken to force the American merchants
to submit to double charges.
A vessel was chartered promptly, and
after considerable difficulty a clearance
was secured from Torres, and this ves
sel sailed for Port Limon, Costa Rica,
with dispatches for the Government.
The Consul, in these dispatches, asks
that at least two warships be sent to
Bluefields at once.
The next move Torres made was to
issue a decree doubling the duties, not
withstanding the fact that the schedule
<>? duties for this section of the repub
lic has been fixed by a law passed by
Congress. This law has never been
amended or repealed. A very energetic
demonstration on the part of the Amer
ican navy is greatly needed.
with flags and draped In mourning:, to ac
commodate the distinguished persons in
case of iiici<m>-!it weather, but the day
was an ideal one, with the sun shining
from a cloudless sky, and the platform
was practically unoccupied. Before the
arrival of the Presidential party military
escort detachments from the Fourth and
Fifth Artillery kept vigil over the dead.
before the arrival of the military
thousands of people had surrounded the
enclosure where the dead soldiers lay.
Some sought vantage points in trees or
on the old ramparts of old Fort McPher
son.
About 2:30 th^ Presidential party, which
had been caught in a jam at the Potomac I
bridge, from which it required a dozen
mounted police to extricate them, reached
the enclosure. They were followed by
General Miles and his staff, the military
attaches of the British and German em
bassies, all mounted, and the military es
cort. As th>y arrived the solemn strains
of the "Dead March in Saul" silenced the
vast assemblage, and with bared heads
the crqwd stood at the graveside while
the Presidential party advanced and the
military dispositions were made.
The military was under the command
of Colonel Francis L. Guenther, and con
sisted of the District National Guard, the
light battery with two Hotchkiss guns, a
battalion of Naval Militia and the regular
troops from the arsenal and Fort Meyer.
The troops were formed upon three sides
of a rectangle and files of soldiers were
marched into the ranks of the dead.
Flanking the open space at the head of
the graves werf* the red-coated artillery -
rm-n. who were to fire the last salute,
and on the left was stationed the Fourth
Artillery band.
The President, accompanied by Secre-
Hay, <;;ljtp. Long, Hitchcock and
Wilson. Postmaster General Smith, As
sistant Secretary Taylor, General Corbin,
General John M.Wilson and Colonel Bing
hain. r-amo forward with uncovered head
and took his place in the open space fac
ing th*-- graves. Ho was followed by Gen
eral Miles and his staff in full uniform.
Including some of the representatives of
foreign countries.
Just as the President arrived a pathetic
incident occurred when aged Mr. and Mrs.
O'Dowd pressed through the lines and
cannot wait longer and shall stop at
nothing to defend or avenge my honor,
infamously sacrificed."
OBTAINS A GUARANTEE
FROM THE GERMANS
Cecil Rhodes Now Has Backing for
His Cape to Cairo Rail
road.
LONDON. April 6.— The St. James Ga
zette this afternoon announces that Cecil
Rhodes has now obtained a guarantee
from the German Government for the
capital for the German portion of the
Cape to Cairo railroad. German financiers
have agreed to provide the capital, and
Germany has also agreed to guarantee a
certain portion of the interest upon the
German cross line from Dar Osk Salaam,
twenty-five miles smith of Zanzibar,
which is to tap the Cape to Cairo railroad.
iALL OF A BIG METEOR.
Contains Elements Said to Be Worth.
Millions of Roubles.
LONDON, April ".—A dispatch to the
Dally Mail from St. Petersburg that
on March 12 a colossal meteor fell in the
-• i close to the shore at the village of
Bjurbel, twenty-six miles from Helsing
fors, penetrating a bed of clay for a dis
..f twenty-five feet. It will shortly
be raised.
Savants have estimated that the iron
and other elements composing- the me
teorite have a value of some millions of
roubles.
Coining to San Francisco.
RENO. New. April 6.— Two train loads
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry passed
westbound at 5 p. m. The University of
Nevada basket-ball team leave for San
Fraucisco to-night. " v
FATAL FIRE
IN THE HOMES
OF WEALTH
Flames Destroy the Dwell
ing of Wallace An
drews.
SIX LIVES IRE LOST
Members of the Family Carried Out
Unconscious and Several
Are Reported to Be
Missine.
Special r>ls=ratch to The Call.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® . BURNED TO DEATH. @
® MRS. ST. JOHN. . L
~ AUSTIN ST. JOHN. ~
® FOUR UNIDENTIFIED. !T
® SEVERAL. MISSING. ~
® ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
NEW YORK, April 7.— A few min
utes before 2 o'clock this (Friday)
morning fire broke out in the five-story
dwelling at 2 East Sixty-eighth street,
the home of Wallace Andrews, presi
dent of the New York Steam Heating
Company.
The fire spread very rapidly, and
though the firemen made desperate
efforts to get the inmates out of the
he-use they were only partially success
ful, for at least two lives were lost.
The victims are believed to be Mrs. St.
John, the daughter of Mr. Andrews,
who. with her husband and several chil
dren, lived with him, and Austin St.
John, 10 years old, Mr. Andrews' grand
son.
Several other members of the family
placed a bunch of roses on the casket of
their son, John O'Dowd of the Seventh
Infantry. The parents of Lieutenant
/Wood also .came forward and deposited
a beautiful 'wreath of flowers. The sword
of that gallant officer was upon his cas
ket.
Immediately the band broke out in the
sweet strains of "Nearer, My God, to
Thee," and Post Chaplain C. W. Froelajid
of Fort Monroe, with Rev. Father Mo
ot St. Patrick's Church, followed by
their purple-gowned acolytes, advanced
to the graves and the funeral services
began. They were simple, but very im
pressive. Rev. Mr. Frrcland read the mil
itary committal service of the Episcopal
church, beginning with "Man that is born
of woman," and concluding with the
premise of heaven contained in the words.
'I am the resurrection and the life." As
he pronounced the words, "dust to dust,
earth to earth," the soldiers at the side
of each grave crumbled a clod of earth
upon each casket. The vast concourse
bared their heads to the solemn words
<md ret iif and thousands joined in the
Lord's prayer. Rev. Father McGee then
consecrated with the churchly power in
vested in him the earth into which tho
bodies of the Catholic soldiers were
placed.
Meantime from Fort Meyer booming
down the wind came the dull crack of a
gun every half hour and the national en
signs on the staffs there and at the Lee
mansion were run down to half-mast. As
soon as the religious services had been
concluded flanking detachments of the
Fourth and Fifth Artillery fired three
ear-smashing, soul-uplifting volleys, and
in the solemn hush that followed the
salute the bugle sounded "taps."
The last religious and military rites to
the dead heroes were over and the Presi
dential party and the military departed,
leaving the work of actual interment to
follow. As each of the caskets weighs
almost 500 pounds and requires eight men
to handle it. it will be two or three days
before all the' bodies are in their graves.
In order to permit all the Government
employes to attend the services this aft
ernoon all the departments and Federal
courts were closed by an executive order
of the President and all the flags in the
city were half-masted.
were carried out unconscious.
The house is in the very heart of the
district occupied by the homes of New
York's richest millionaires. The house
on the corner is occupied by H. O.
Armour, the wealthy beef packer. The
house at No. 4 Is occupied by Mr
Rothschild.
The firemen found it impossible to
save the Andrews house and devoted
most of their energies to saving the
Armour and Rothschild properties.
Many times both were on fire, but
the vigilance r.-f the firemen as often
put out the flames.
WILL ALGER RETIRE
UNDER THE PRESSURE?
General Russell Hastings Reported
to Be Slated to Succeed Him
as Secretary of War.
NEW YORK, April 6.— A special to the
World from Washington says: The per
sistent report that has prevailed for
months that Secretary Russell A. AJger
is to be thrown overboard by the McKin
ley adminsitration seems at last to have
resolved itself into definite shape.
A story was quietly circulated here to
night that General Alger's days are num
bered as the head .of the War Depart
ment and that directly after his return
from the Cuban junket such pressure will
be brought to bear upon him as will cause
him to place his resignation in the hands
of the President. Furthermore. General
Russell Hastings, under whom President
McKinley served during the war is said
with positiveness to be slated as Alger's
successor.
Sugar for Soaps.
PARIS, April 6.— The Government has
decided to grant a temporary drawback
on sugars used in the manufacture of
Jran^jjarent eoapo for export.
CARDINAL VAUGHAN
CAN HAVE PAPACY
CARDINAL VAUGHAN.
TRADE THE
PHILIPPINES
TO ENGLAND
America to Take the Leeward
Group of Islands in
Exchange.
PLAN MEETING FAVOR
Washington Is Willing, but Britain
Might Become Involved in
the Far East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 6.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele-
graphs: State Department officials are
watching with great interest the crow
ing sentiment among the inhabitants of
Jamaica in favor of the annexation of
the Leeward Islands to the United
States. Thus far, the matter has not
been brought to their attention in any
official way, but It is not doubted that
the American Consuls in these islands
will, if the agitation continues, find it
incumbent upon them to make special
confidential reports on the subject.
Officials of the department consider
the subject rather a delicate one to dis
cuss publicly, but they have been read
ing with keen interest all that has been
said in the Herald concerning: the
proposition for the exchange of the
Philippines for the Leeward Islands.
While not consenting to be quoted on
the subject, they do not hesitate to
say that the United States would
doubtless be glad to make the exchange
if Great Britain would be willing to un
dertake negotiations. They do not con
sider, however, that the administration
could, properly initiate the matter at
this time. A petition from the people
of the islands, formally presented to
the British Government, will, In their
opinion, be the first legitimate move in
the direction of official negotiations.
The general belief among public men
here is that it is mainly a question as
to whether Great Britain would be will
ing to relinquish sovereignty over the
Leeward Islands in return for the
Philippines. As far as the United
States is concerned, it is thought pub
lic sentiment here would be entirely
favorable to the trade.
On this point former Senator Faulk
ner, a member of the recent Canadian
Commission, said to-day that he doubt-
ed very much whether Great Britain
would care to run counter to the opin
ion which would undoubtedly develop
from other European countries against
her acquirement of the eastern archi
pelago and the consequent prestige she
would gain in the Orient.
"Of course, the United States would
be more than willing to make the ex
change," said Mr. Faulkner. "Wo do
not want to keep the Philippines. We
would like the British West Indies.
They would be of immense value to
us, without the grave responsibilities
that surround the holding of the Philip
pines. The Philippines, on the other
hand, would be far more valuable to
Great Britain than the Leeward
Islands. They would give her an im
mense advantage from a military as
well as a commercial standpoint over
other European nations in the Far
East. Yet, I doubt if she could make
the trade without running the risk of
serious European complications. Great
Britain is not the nation to initiate a
movement which would bring about
such a result."
Weston Is Commissary.
WASHINGTON. April S. — General
Weston has assumed command of the
Commissary Department as acting com
missary general.
CALIFORNIA BOYS
BEAT THE REBELS
ON NEGROS ISLAND
Governor Smith Sends Four Com
panies Under Duboce and Sime,
Who Do the Trick.
MANILA, April 6.— Colonel Smith,
the Governor of the Island of Negros,
reports that a number of bandits head
ed by a man named Papaissio, attempt
ed a rebellion March 27, and killed
several officials of Jumaamaylan.
He also captured other officials and
issued a proclamation calling upon the
natives to rise and exterminate the
Americans and Spaniards.
Major Sime and two companies of
the California regiment were dis
patched by water to the scene of the
disturbance, and Colonel Duboce and
two other companies of troops were
sent overland.
On April 2 this force marched twelve
miles and captured Labzid, the head
quarters of the bandits, and destroyed
the town.
The troops also captured thirty-five
prisoners and scattered Papaissio's
forces, thus effectually quelling the re
bellion at the outset.
There has been a week's respite in
hostilities, chiefly in order to allow the
Filipinos to digest the proclamation of
the United States Commission. The
rebels remain remarkably quiet.
The sharpshooters of General Law
ton's line have borrowed the Filipino
tactics and are harassing the rebels
at night, picking off some of them
nightly.
Malolos is assuming its natural as
pect, but preparations are being made
to establish a permanent camp for the
troops there and the soldiers are clean
ing the city.
A third of the American force at
Malolos is sent nightly to form an ad
vanced line a mile north of the city,
with patrols and sentries ahead of the
line.
General Mac Arthur's volunteers are
receiving Krag-Jorgensen rifles, the
Filipinos having discovered that they
could effectively fire their Mausers and
retreat before the Americans approach
ed near enough to use their Spring
fields with effect.
'Advices received here from Samar, an
island forming a province of the Phil
ippines, say the revolutionists there are
weary. Their leader. General Lukban,
of Chinese ancestry, has deserted with
the funds. The inhabitants are desir
ous of American rule.
YOUNG HUBER IS
PROBABLY ALIVE
He Was Captured by the Rebels
When He Was Taking
Photographs.
WASHINGTON. April 6.— General
Otis has sent a dispatch to the adjutant
general replying to inquiries made In
regard to young Huber of Oakland,
Cal. Senator Perkins had' informed the
department that it was believed Huber
had been killed by the insurgents. The
reply of General Otis to-day says:
■■Huber. Hospital Corps, insurgent
prisoner: passed beyond lines without
permission seven days before hostilities
commenced, having camera and revol
ver.
"He was arrested near Malolos be
cause he was armed and taking photo
graphs. He was in civilian clothes and
claimed to be a. British seaman. Was
in fair health February 10, when money
was furnished him with the promise of
more to follow. He and three other
prisoners, arrested before hostilities
commenced, were at Malolos ten days
before the capture of the city. It is
believed that all are alive."
HARRISON GRAY OTIS
TO LEAVE THE ARMY
LOS ANGELES. April 6.— Much specu
lation lias been indulged in among the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Sr>ecial Dispatch to The Call.
MEW YORK, April 6.— A
' ' Sun cable from Paris says:
Matin says Cardinal Vaughan,
Archbishop of Westminster, has
been asked to become a candi
date for the Papacy and has re
turned an indefinite reply.
It is considered certain, how
ever, that he will answer in the
affirmative, in which case his
election is assured.
POPE'S CONDITION
MOST SATISFACTORY
Physicians Announce That He Will
Soon Be Able to Attend to
His Duties.
Spec's) Cable to The Call and the New Y<-rk
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor
don Bennett.
ROME, April 6.— Professor
Mazzoni informed me to-day that
his Holiness' condition was en
tirely satisfactory. He said he
was able, or soon would be, to go
out and preside over ecclesiastical
functions.
residents of Los Angeles owing to the
sudden homecoming of Brigadier General
Harrison Gray Otis. From reliable sources
U ie learned to-day that Gene/iii Otis
cabled his resignation to the War Depart
ment before actual hostilities beyond Ma
nila were in progress, but that as soon as
General E. S. Otis began the forward
movement the resignation was, upon re
quest, not acted upon, that H. G. Oti3
might participate in the undertakings of
the volunteer army.
Having participated in the surrender of
Malolos, Otis' request to leave the service
was reopened and acted upon, with the
result that he sailed for home in the
Sherman a week ago. It is also stated
that he is the possible bearer of impor
tant dispatches from General E. S. Otis
and that he will in all probability be
called to Washington by President. Mc-
Klnley to discuss the questions of ad
ministration and government for the
Filipinos.
RIOS REPORTS ON
SPANISH PRISONERS
Impossible to Secure Their Release
During the War Between Ameri
cans and Tagallos.
MADRID, April 7.— General Rios,
Spain's chief commander in the Philip
pines, cables that it is hopeless to ex
pect the liberation of the Spanish pris
oners while the war between the
Americans and the Tagallos continues.
. It is hoped here that when diplomatic
relations are resumed between Madrid
and Washington' on the ratification of
the peace treaty the question of the
prisoners in the hands of the Filipinos
will assume a more favorable phase.
LONDON, April 7.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times says: The
Government has received a dispatch
from General Rios announcing the re
turn to Manila of tin? commission that
went to secure the liberation of the
Spanish prisoners in the hands of the
Filipinos. The commissioners report
that the prisoners are well treated, but
are scattered all over the, country, so
that Aguinaldo himself is ignorant of
their number and location. General
Rios says the Tagallos require a ran
som for some, but are ready to liberate
many out of friendship. Not a few of
the Spanish prisoners are now living
with the rebels.
THE TAGALLOS MUST
BE EXTERMINATED
An Observer Says That the War
Can Be Ended in No Other
Way.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
MANILA. March 4.— Among' the uncer
tainties attendant upon the war now go
ing on here is the number of arms which
the rebels possess. That they are being
supplied at frequent intervals from some
unknown source scarcely admits of a
doubt; but in what quantities cannot even
be conjectured. Until a few days ago
there was every indication that the rebels
along our whole front were using home
made ammunition, but now smokeless
powder is again being used, and judging
from the enormous quantity of ammuni
tion expended every twenty-four hours
their supply must be unlimited. At every
village captured so far thousands of
rounds of Mauser cartridges have been
seized, but still there is no appreciable
difference in the amount expended from
day to day.
After the battle of Caloocan, when the
American line was so long and thin that
any further general advance became in
expedient, the rebels made a discovery
which revolutionized their plans and in
spired them with renewed courage. This
was that their rifles had a superior range
to those of the majority of American
weapons. Thereafter their sharpshooters
carefully remained out of range of the
Springfield? carried by the volunteer regi
ments in front of them, but maintained
a constant ahd more or less effective fire
from trees, clumps of bamboo, rocks or
other natural points of vantage, both by
day and night. A more galling situation
. than that in which the American troops2
were placed it would be difficult to imag
ine. Constantly potted at by an unseen
foe, yet unable to silence bis lire except
upon such rare occasions as when the
country was ordered cleared, and then
compelled to retire to their original lines
after having done it. the wonder Is that
the men were kept in check at all.
It must also be remembered that hith
erto the army has been acting in conjunc
tion with the navy, and that LVwey's
ships have very materially assisted In
routing the enemy along the shores of
Manila Bay. while there is a disposition
on the part of many soldiers to belittle
the work done by the other branch of the
service, there can be no Question as to
the effect of the Monadnock's and
Charleston's shells upon the rebel
trenches both at Malftte and Caloocan.
This factor can no longer be counted upon
once the army advances from the coast,
and the rebels re fully alive to that fact.
Unless all signs fall the enemy
may be expected to make a better show
ing" from this time on. In which event
thoso who imagine that the campaign
will b* a walkover for the invaders will
probably tlnd that they underestimated
the native valor.
If their foolhardy and fanatical lead
ers would only see that there can be but
one ontooma to a struggle with such a
nation as the United States all would be
be woll. but. unfortunately for the Ta
gnllos. they deliberately shut their eyes
to the truth and those who know them j
say that nothing short of extermination ;
will Insure peace In the Philippines. In
tome respects, perhaps, this would be a
good thing for the other millions who in- i
habit the archipelago, inhuman though ;
the very suggestion may seem. That they
are the sol instigators of the rebellion :
there can be no doubt and their methods
show that the Instinct of the savage still ;
predominates. For instance, spite their
boasted intelligence and humanitarian
the Tagallos have frequently boon seen
to drive their scared allies Into half-con
structed earthworks at the points of their
bayonets, knowing full well that they
would be shelled out again by the Ameri
can artillery immediately. Again, ono of
their favorite means or decoying their |
foes into the open is thai of - ring a
white flag. Worse still, they have been i
guilty, repeatedly, of the barbarism of j
shooting volleys at hospital ambulances.
both in the o"pen and while returning
from the front. Mutilation of the ene
my's dead is an evidence of their boasted
civilization. If our troops retire for strat
egic movements it is a glorious victory,
hailed all over the country, and, accord
ing to the story relatod by the natives,
more Americans are being killed every
day than have yet been landed on the
islands. In the 'matter of exaggerating
the enemy's loss, however, they are not
alone, for our own troops are very prone
to fall into the same error. In fact, to
hear the men relating the execution they
had done during the day at supper time
one might be led to believe the country !
was strewn with dead Filipinos. Yet,
with the exception of the two big fights, ;
the largest number of killed in one day
has been 113. most of whom were mown
down by the gatlings on the river gun- ;
boat Laguna de Bai, near San Pedro Ma
cate. As a matter of fnct. in nir.e cases
out of ten. when brushes occurred, our ',
own men have no opportunity to hunt for :
the enemy's dead, and the loss is purely
a matter of conjecture.
HULDA JOHNSON'S
SHOCKING DEATH
THE FACTS BEING LAID BEFORE
A JURY.
Big Damage Suit Against the Market
Street Railway Company Now
on Trial Before Judge
Daingerfield.
The circumstances of the death of little
Hulda Johnson, who was crushed beneath
the wheels of a Mission street car be
tween Fifth and Sixth streets on January
20, IS9S. are being: explained to a jury in
Judge Paingerf.eld's court. William John
son, father of the unfortunate child, is
suing the Market Street Railway Com
pany to recover SCO.OOO damages.
When the case went to trial all wit
ness* i were barred from the room, and
after a short time the jury was secured.
Those who were accepted to try the case
are: August Gergus. Joseph Cadenasso,
P. H. Engelbut, A. Hub*r, Herman Heit
mann. Richard A. Bourne, M. J. Hogan,
Adolph Asher. N. Ferroggiaro, Ens. L.
[berg. D. R. A very and Samuel J.
Mitchell.
Mrs. Johnson was the first witness
called. She testified that on the day her
little daughter met her death she and her
husband were busy making shot pockets
to be used at the lecal shot tower. She
noticed her daughter playing in the yard
and continued her work. A short time
afterward her little son came running into
the yard and told her that Hulda had been
kiiled. Mr. Johnson ran from the house
and found that indeed the little boy had
told the truth.
Elizabeth McLaughlin, who was en the
car when the accident occurred, had but
little chance to tell her story. From her
the plaintiff endeavored to establish the
speed of the car that crushed the child,
but this counsel for the defendant headed
off on the grour.d that the witness had
failed to establish the contention that she
was competent to testify as to the speed
of the car, she not .being an expert on
speed. An effort was ma . for some time
to get this information before the jury
from the lips of the witness, but without
success. Ti»e persistence of plaintiff's
counsel, however, doubt", had its ef
fect on the jury, as it was easy to tell
that if the rules of evidence had permit
ted the witness would have sworn that
the car was greatly exceeding the speed
allowed by law. Another matter the plain
tiff seeks to establish is that the car had
no fender, contrary to the law.
Theodore Dlerks, an undertaker, whose
place of business is near the scene of tht
accident, testified that be saw the child
in th* center of the track when the car
was some 150 feet away. Later he looked
up ar.d saw the car strike the child and
end her life. Frank Highey and Julia F.
Knott werj called in turn and gave tes
timony along the same line, after which
the case went over until this mornlr.g.
BURGLARY HIS PASTIME.
Jo v McGregor, who was discharged
last November from the Utah Field Bat
tery while in this city, has been making
an unenviable record for himself since
then. Three times he was arrested and
was released Wednesday after serving a
three months' sentence for having burg
lar's tools In his possession.
Wednesday night he broke into the
room of Lee Win;. S43Vs Washington
street, and was caught in the act by Po
licemen Collins and Burke. He struck
Collins a vicious blow and tried to escape,
but a tap on the head from Collins' club
brought him to his senses and he was
soon handcuffed by the two officers. He
had broken open the door of the room
and had also forced open a closet where
the Chinese kept his valuables. In his
pockets were found several clocks and
articles of jewelry.
McGregor fared before Judge Mo
ran yesterday to answer a charge of
burglary, and the case was continued till
to-morrow.
Many . oters Shut Out.
ALAMEDA. April t>.-T • election offi
cers of Alair.eda will be instructed not to
receive the bajlot of any elector next
Monday who did not register prior to
March 1-5. This applies equally to trans
fers. Registration has been going on up
to a few days ago under the iapressloa
that all who registered by April l would
be allowed to vote. To-day the City Clerk
referred the matter to the City Attorney
and received the following opinion:
"Under the new law. statutes j».<i :< chap
ter 54. 'Registration must take place at
least twenty-five days prior to the elec
tion'; hence only those are entitled to
vote who registered prior to March 16
ISD9."
Simpson Defeats Toy.
OAKLAND. April 6.— ln the six-round
boxing contest between George Simpson
of the Acmes and Billy Toy of the Sah'
Francisco Athletic Club, fought before
the Acme Club- to-night. Simpson won on
points. He scored blood in the flrsfround
and knocked his man down In the fourth
Ous Burnell of Pleasanton acted as ref
eree. Both men put up a clever fight.' The
preliminaries, three four-round -try-outs
between Pete Duva! and Al Leffler. Tom
Hughes and Otis Coffman, Ed Warren
and E. J. Smith, were also very • lever
About five hundred spectators witnessed
the contests.
Yosemite Valley,
Via Inspiration Point, now open for tour
ists. Roncis In excellent condition. ;,'ow
Is the time to see Yosemite. Stages run
daily. Sleeping car to Raymond com
n.«.:.c:ng April 9. Office S. P. Co., 613 Mk: •
SOME DECISIVE
EVIDENCE AS TO
EMBALMED BEEF
Armour •& Go. Write of Tkeir pro
cess — Gommissarvj Records
Manipulated.
WASHINGTON. April B.— ln the army
Beef Court of Inquiry to-day the letter
of Messrs. Armour & Co., proposing to
use the Powell process for the preserva
tion of beef was submitted as evidence
by Major Lee, acting for General Miles.
It was addressed to the commissary gen
era!, dated at the firm's Washington ot
fice, July 13, 1896, and read as follows:
"As supplementary and explanatory of
our bid to supply dressed beef In Cuba
we wish to say that we have the exclu
sive control of the Powell process for pre
serving fresh meats, and that this pro.
cess has been tested at Tampa, Fla., the
test having been completed with most
satisfactory results. This test was made
under the supervision of Colonel John
Weston Of your department, who had ad
vised you of the results. We are advised.
however, that he received four cases of
beef which we sent from Chicago, duly
refrigerated and treated according to the
Powell process. Part of these carcasses
were enveloped in sacks or canvas and
part were not. The carcasses were dis
tributed to the Third Cavalry, the Sixth
Cavalry, batteries of artillery and the
medical department, and were hung In
the air on the upper deck of the trans
port troopships lying at the wharf in the
hot sun, without any benefit of the fresh
air or movement of the ships. The pieces
that were not wrapped fermented in less
than seventy-two hours, while the pieces
that were covered or wrapped kept about
100 hours.
"These practical tests, made under the
supervision of your own officer, show that
by means of this process wrapped pieces
or carcasses can be kept longer than the
seventy-two hours required by your spe
cifications. We believe we may safely
say that such results have never before
been accomplished in the history of the
fresh meat business, In view of the
tests which we have made in the past
and of the results of the tests made un
der the supervision or your own office
we believe that we are absolutely safe
in the assertion that this is the only pro
cess or method which will secure the re
sults required by your specifications.
Very truly yours, ARMOUR & CO.
"Per T. "K. O'CONNOR.
"Superintendent."
Th? testimony began to-day with Dr. L. Clif
ford Cox. assistant surgeon in the volunteers
' in the District of Columbia. He was at Tampa,
an I testified that the command was attacked
with diarrhea to the extent of an epidemic
after eating refrigerated beef at both place?.
At the second attack of this character the
regimental surgeon hud ordered that the issue
.of the beef be stopped. When this was done
the diarrhea.
William de Cair.drey. who baa been chief
clerk in the office of the commissary genera] of
'i the War Department for twenty years, relate.!
I his connection with the work of letting the beef
contracts. At the instance of General Eagnn
he had first sent out forty or fifty telegrams to
deaW* in beef asking for bids to supply re
frigerator beef or tori on the block. General
Kir n having supplied the form. Mr. de
Calnflwv had V.n instructed *V%ffiSs con
gan to 'prepare the orleinal draft of the con
tract for the beef surply. an<J after some re
| &rangln«. submitted a draft, feeling confident
DOG SHOW AWARDS.
Kennel Pets That Have Won Prizes
at San Jose.
PAX JOSE April 6.— The following
awards were made at the dog show of
the Santa Clara County Poultry and
Kennel Club to-night:
Pointers, novice dogs-J. W. Flynn. San I
Francesco.' Senator |, first Prt«££2jgs
bitches-J. J. Zing. San Jose Bess. Hrst
W Gall. Mount Glen. Lester G!enr.erg
G second Dogs-J. W. Flynn. San rran
clsco Senator P. first; Harry Doble, San
ir-ap Cricket second. bUche, -Barter
HVavy weight pointers. Etches-Barker
and Sui'.ivan. Ban i Jose. Jill .firs t. Vdin
ners—A! Barker. San Jose. Joe JD, firs
English setters. puppies-Harr> Doole. ,
San^Tose Nat. first. Dogs-Harry M.
Nixon. San Jose. Duke of Furnew. flrsu
Winners. hitches-H. A. W< gi let. San
Francisco. Queen of Counts, first.
Irish setters. Sogs-C. M. Barker San
Jose, Shannon, first; A J. Vernelja Sac- !
ramento. Ned V, second; H. A. Duggan.
San Jose Duke of Wellington, third. I
Gordon setters. dogs-Ehret Bros.. Sac.
ramento. Echo Clinton first. Bitches-
Ehret Bros.. Clarmont. first.
Irish water spaniels, winners, dogs and
bltcnes-W. H. Williams. San Franicsco
Belle Marsh.- first. Champion dogs and
bitche-*— W. H. Williams. Champion Dan
Mahoney. first. W. H. Williams, Cham- |
O spani«ls. C pup" dogs and bitches- '
T. J. Blight, San Francisco. Captain Com- j
S Cocke^lpaniels (ether than blacks-Mrs.
TJ Blight. San Francisco. Baby Ora.
first Novice bitches-Redwood fcocker
KennMs San Francisco. Redwood l \ irgy.
first Btches-Redwood Cocker Kennels.
La Paloma. first. Winners dogs-Red
™-nrS Cocker Kennel?. Colorado, first;
ThSnmfl C Kennels" Fruitvale. Knight of
■Lo<s Angeles, second. Champion dogs-
John Doak. San Francisco. Champion
Royal Dandy, first. Champion bitches-
Redwood Cocker Kennels, Tootsie V...
fll Cocker spaniel*. Mack, pup bitches- i
Plumerta Cocker Kennels. San Francisco.
Plum*ria Princess first. Novice dogs— F.
R Bishop Pan Jose. San Jose Rex. first;
C A Pennlman. San Jose. Nigger, second.
cSSce? Kennel% Peg Wofflngton. third.
Champion dogs-Redwood Cocker Ken
nofs Champion Havoc, first. Champion
bitches-Redwood Cocker Kennel's chain
ntor> Polly Pastime, first. and bltches-
P Collies tricolors), pup dogs and bitchfs-
Stewart and Son. Aromas. Ormskirk Tar-
Tr -I*' ?!S "™i La Creole. «m. Colll*.
Son Aromas lol^ht first; J*A. s '* " ?
12 «" rrnnciVco Highland Duke, second;
O?a\bS^Lawrence! Rcslyn. GaJlopin. third
Beauty fir^t. Not Bt«watt &
%ov&rtche^^ cI:e I: fen; San Jose.
P C en S3 d"lf-O?afbee, Lawrence. Orms
k'Vk Emerald Jr.. first. Bltchjs-W. B.
True" Sail Jose. Princess Flaned first.
■hiTii terriers pup, bitches— Mrs. v .
P^DleweU Campbell. Flora Gully first.
Novice dogs-M: M. Tinkham. San Jose.
Woodcole Marvel first. Novice bitche?-W.
Popplewell, Campbells. Woodcole A enus
fl winners, bitches— E. R. Folger. Oak-
U FoJc terriers' (smooth coat), dogs— Ojal-
e <fkv« terriers, novice dogs and bitches-
Mr* F. Burke!" San Jose, Chespa third.
* riogs'and bitches— Mrs. F. Burke, Ro-
Pomnieranian or Spitz dogs and bitches
—A ' Bial; San Jose Sampson first. =j~ : ~
JDachshunds, dogs— W. B. True. San
Jose. Prince. Rupert first.
Pugs pup dogs— Dr. R. E. Freeman.
San Jose. Duke first Novice dogs and
bitche9— Dr. Freeman. Duke first. Dogs
and bitches— Freeman. Duke first.
Italian, greyhounds. bitches— H. T.
Payne, San Francisco, L*to first.
Stanford's Ball Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 6.—
The make-up of the Varsity for the first
intercqllegiate game to be played or. the
Sixteenth and Poisons street grounds
Saturday was announced this afternoon
by Captain 1.-u^heed. It Is as follows-
Pitch* r. .. Laaagau; catcher. Swindells;
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
that It was complete. It was then that men
whom he understood to be representatives of
Swift & Co. brought up the question as to the
length of time the beef should keep after Issue.
A memorandum for changes containing the 24
--hour clause mi brought to him by Captain
Davis, assistant commissary general. Details
were lacking and the suggestions as to time
seemed to be conflicting. He had tried to get
details from Captain Davis In regard to the
24-hour clause and was told by him that the
understanding- was that the refrigerators were
to be built on shore and in the rear of the
moving troops, thi tlon being 1 tve the
beef exposed for the minimum time cnljr. V
had at th* time pointed out the appari
between the 14 and the 72-hour
In one other provision General I
Interlined In his own handwriting a iliti?-. v
ferrtng to the time, reading as follows: "V
shall not be more than seventy-two hours from
the time oi storing the Eiune In such refrig
erators."
This clause, Mr. de Calr.drey Bald, he had
Dot at the time understood, but he had no !
authority to strike it out. When the twenty
four-hour clause was inserted General Eagan
appeared dubious about it, but said nothing
more. Mr. de Caindrey said that he had been
«n worried by the apparent Inconsistencies in
the contract that he had kept all the memor
anda relating to the matter.
"Are they on file now?" asked Major Lee.
"They are not in the file boxes."
The witness then stated In reply to questions
•hat Captain Davis waa In charge of these i
box*?, and that Captain Davis was the especial |
confidant of General Eagan. Asked if he had
had any reason at the time the contract was j
■Irawn to suspect that any of the data had been i
withheld by Kr\Enn or Pavis, Mr. de Caindrey
replied th.-v he hfid no su'h suspicion then, and
that he had none now. Hia impr. -ssi in was that
they wera undertaking to do something which
they had not digested sufficiently to know just j
how they wanted to do it.
Mr. de Calndfey gave some of the particulars ■
. Ing the trial of the Powell process In |
Florida. He spoke of a letter of Arm.mr A Co.
In which they argued that they should be i
• i the contract because they controlled I
this Powell procesß,*notwUhstanding thru their \
hid was something higher than th.it ol Swift
A- Co.
"What became of that letter?" asked Major
Lee. :
"A portion of it is In the files." said Mr. de
Caindrey. '-but the bulk of it was returned to
the writer at his request. The portion re
tained was the last page, containing the in
dorsement of the Secretary of War and the
Commissary General."
Witness was then requested to and did read
the letter from Armour & Co., dated July 13.
bearing en this subject, but he said he had no
remembrance of ever having seen the letter be
fore. This letter wag then put In as evidence.
At this point Major Lee asked Mr. de Cain
drey whether he had ever tendered his resigna
tion as an otneial of the War Depart]
and the witness replied that he had done so.
"i tendered my resignation on the day follow
ing General Eacan'B appearance before the
War Commission." he said.
Major Lee was about to proceed with this
line of questions when Colonel Davis objected
On the ground that the inquiries were not
pertinent. Major Lee then desisted, withdraw
ing the first question. •
Dr. Richard A. Pyl<\ chief surgeon of the
District of Columbia volunteers, testified that
the refrigerator beef supplied the troops In
Tuba had given them dysentery, but expressed
the opinion that this was due to the fact that
they ate too much of it. He expressed dis
approval of tHe canned beef and paid the men
would only eat it when they could get no other
meat. . . .
first base, Carson: second base, Strohn;
third base. Edwards; shortstop,
Lougheed, captain: center field. Murphy:
left field. Crandall; right field. Chandler.
MRS. ELIZABETH SIAS
IS DANGEROUSLY ILL
Woman Financier Who. Built Up a
Large Fortune by Shrewd
Investments.
NEW YORK. April 6- Mrs. Elizabeth
Hellman-Sias, a WUliamsbrldge resident
who by reason of her wealth and influence
in the community la locally known a.s
"Queen Elizabeth," is reported as beine
dangerously ill at her home. 8
About twenty-live years ago Mrs Bias
was married to Frederick Hellman, who
conducted the Jerome Hotel roadhouse.
Hellman died In 18W, leaving his widow
property valued at a few hundred dollars
?5 y <ii Y''i shf " was married to Arthur
W. Mas of ( alffornia. who was manager
of a sanitarium in Westchester. From the
small property left by her first husband
Mrs. Sias has. by shrewd Investment
built up an estate of $.w,OOO.
Beaten by the Visitors.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 6.-
A flnal practice gamp was played on the
us this afternoon between the San
team and the Varsity. The score
wap 4 to 2 in favor of the visitor?
♦ » t> w W|lWe } l ¥ lIM b >' the absence
or btrohn. second baseman, who is suf
fering from a bad arm. The star work
was done by Carson on first. Edwards on
r ■ j a n d the outfielders. Chandler and
Woodland's Bicvc 3 Meet
WOODLAND. April t— A bicyefe tour
nament will be held here next Sunday af
ternoon Among the starters will be ixi\v
son. "the terrible Swede." Colter of Ta
coma. Otto Ziegler. Leonhart and Barna
by of Chicago and many other profession
als of national reputation. Lawson" is al
ready here and other professionals will
join him to-morrow.
Letter Carriers' Delegate,
SAN JOSE. April 6.— George de Witt has
been selected by the letter carriers of
this city as a delegate to the convention
or the National Association of Letter Car
riers, which meets in Scranton, Pa., next
September.
PROTECTING A GIRL.
The Case of Josephine Naper From
Tehama County Being In
vestigated.
The Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children and the Young Women's
Christian Association are investigating
the case of a girl. Josephine Naper
15 years of age. who la being detained in
the home of the association, at UR o'Far
:«'.; street, pending developments.
The g!rl and August Beblln, a man
about GO years of age. were on the train
from lehama County Wednesday and
tr.t-:r actions aroused the suspicions of a
railroad detective, who kept his eye on
them till they reached this city. Then he
notified Policeman Dowd. and the girl and
Reblin wt-re taken to the Harbor r
Station and later to police headquarters
Reblin was questioned and said that the
girl's father was a section foreman 'it
Tefcama and he had sent the girl to this
city In his care, an she was to go to the
home of Reblin's brother. A dispatch was
sent to the girl's father and he rers'icd
that Reblin was to take the girl to her
uncle's house. As there was a discrep
ancy between the dispatch and Reblin s
statement, the Young "Women's Associa
tion was notified . and Mrs. E. \Y i
took the girl to the home. A letter
been sent to the girl's father :iski
an explanation, and meantime Office- Me
Murray of the Society for the Prey,
of Cruelty to Children is looking after t c
case.
The Building Trades.
The Building: Trades Council has ap
pointed P. H. McCarthy a committee of
one to appear before the Board of Super
visors to ask that in letting the contract
for city lighting the contract shall be so
worded that employes of the light cor
porations will not have tiic-ir rates of
wages endangered. it was also decided to
commence early preparations to make La
bor day of this year a great event.
GOOD FEELING
AS TO SAMOA
Harmony of the Powers
Restored.
SETTLEMENT SEEMS ASSURED
COMMISSIONERS MUST ACT IN
UNANIMITY.
Only Those Who Have Never Had a
Hand in Island Imbroglios
Will Be Chosen by the
Governments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Headquarters, "Wellington Hotel,
Washington, April 6.
Herr Solf, who is to succeed Dr,
Raffel as president of the Municipal
il of Apia, has left "Washington
fur his post He intends to stop in
Chicago for a day or two and also at
Colorado Springs, Colo., planning his
movements so as to be able to take
the steamer at San Francisco some time
between the 10th and loth of next
month.
The State Department has not yet
selected its representative on the Sa
moan commission, but the President is
Hiving the matter his personal atten
tion. Nearly every American who has
had anything to do with Samoa in a
representative capacity in recent years
has turned, up as an applicant for this j
place. But the State Department does j
not feel disposed to choose from among >
them, principally for the reason that it i
is deemed proper to name some person
who has not been involved in any man
ner in the past difficulties on the is
lands. If there is any intention of se
curing an amicable agreement between
the three powers interested in Samoan
affairs it is believed that some such
policy as this is essential.
Therefore the Berlin intimation in
some >>f the press dispatches that Herr j
Schmidt had been selected as the Ger
man Commissioner does not meet with
credence here, for it is well known that
while he was at Apia, first as Vice Con
sul and afterward as president of the :
Municipal Council, Herr Schmidt by j
his uncompromising championship of
the German interests where they con
flicted with those of Americans, became
involved with our Consul, Mr. Mulligan,
to a degree which ltd to the retirement
of both of these officials. If it is
ed essential that the commission- :
ere shouid be experienced in Samoan
affaire, however, that fact will un
doubtedly color the selection of an
American representative by the Presi
dent.
It is possible that there may be a ,
misapprehension regarding the German
Commissioners owing to the large num
ber of Schmidts in the consular office,
one report ne-ing that it 1b Herr
Schmidt, Consui at Caracas.
The German Embassador, Dr. yon
Holleben, called at the State Depart
ment to-day to felicitate Secretary Hay
on the satisfactory adjustment of the
Samoan affair- Even as late as yester
day afternoon the last possibilities of
a hitch had not disappeared, but late
in the day official dispatches were re
ceived from Berlin stating that as a
result of conferences between the Ger
man. British and American represen
tatives a settlement was assured.
The main feature of this conference
was in a determination that the high
commission would act by unanimous
vote and not through a majority. This
the theory that the delegates will
be of high character, that unanimous
agreement will be certain, although
Is, of course, the possibility of a
deadlock. The present tendency is not
to provide a final arbitrator, but to as
sume that the commission will agree
am.ing themselves. This eliminates for
the present King Oscar of Sweden, who
has been mentioned for umpire. The
German Embassador and members of
his staff also made a call to-day at the
British Embassy, thus further evidenc
ing the agreeable relations which have
suddenly taken the place of rather
strained conditions heretofore prevail
ing in Samoa.
REMOVES FURNITURE"
IN DEAD OF NIGHT
Mrs. Spring Strips Her San Jose
Home and Her Husband Wants
to Stop Alimony.
BAN JOSE. April 6.— Mrs. Emily Spring.
who pending the outcome of a divorce
iuit against her husband, H. M. N.
Spring, is residing at Belvedere, returned
a few days ago and removed all the car
furnlf.ire and pictures from their
handsome home at Seventh and San An
tonio streets. She secured half a
dozen drays and a force of men, and in
the dead of night carted away the goods.
When Spring visited the placo the next
day it was bare. The furniture, which is
valued at several thousand dollars, was
traced to San Francisco and then to Bel
vedere, where Mrs. Spring has furnished
a cottage she has taken for the summer.
To-day Spring filed an affidavit asking
that his wife be cited to appear and show
cause why she should not be deprived of
her $200 per month alimony because Of her
removal of furniture and children from
the county. The divorce case promises to
b* interesting because of the prominence
ot both parties.
NEILSON TALKED TOO MUCH.
Therefore He Cannot Serve on the
Murdock Jury.
WILLOWS. April When the Mur
dock case was called this morning the
courtroom was crowded, anticipating the
trial of Juror Neilson as to his state
ments made concerning the case at bar.
Neilson is a money lender and note
scalper, and It was on account of his
prominence that so much interest was
evinced. Nellson. during a severe exam
ination by Attorney Freeman, protested
that he had at no time expressed an opin
ion as to this case and denied that he hud
talked about it.
Ii «,ts proved by two reputable wit
nesses this morning that he had not only
discussed the case, but had done so frc-
DU«.tly in a decided and emphatic man
ner. Mr. Neilson was excused, much to
hi-? discomfiture, and his efforts to be a
member of the Murdock jury went for
navght.
EMPEROR. MENELIX'S STAND.
Refuses Requests Made by France
and Russia.
LONDON. April 6.— The Cairo corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says: Em
peror Menellk has refused the request of
the French Government that he should
order all exports from Abyssinia to pass
through the French port. Kas Jibutil.
The Negus also refuses to assist Russia
in acquiring Kaheita from Italy and de
clines to allow Russia to reorganize the
Abyssinian army with Russian officers,
although in the hope of securing these I
concessions Russia sent him valuable
presents, Including 60.000 rifles, -',000,000
cartridges and several machine guns.
Succeeds Company F.
WOODLAND. April 6.— The new mili
tary company organized to succeed old
Company F has received Instructions to be
prepared to be mustered Into the Na
tional Guard. - — ■
GEN. GOMEZ MAY
BE REINSTATED
Likely to Again Control
Cuban Warriors.
NOW POSES AS A PATRIOT
AND BESUMES THE OLD CRY
FOR INDEPENDENCE.
Agitation That May Be Harmful to
Industrial Conditions and Cause
Trouble for the United
States.
Special Disratch to The Call.
HAVANA, April 6.— The Cuban Mili
tary Assembly being dead General
Maximo Gomez will take up his pro
gramme of solidifying the Cuban peo
ple, but without ceasing to urge the
United States to withdraw from the Is
land. His purpose is to make the peo
ple seem to have but one emotion, one
desire— the thought of independence
and the absolute separation from the
United States.
General Gomez considers the dissolu
tion of the Assembly as his personal
achievement, aided by the military ad
ministration here and countenanced at
Washington. He believes he emerges
from the controversy with the Assem
bly stronger than ever with the better
classes. His theory is that the Cubans,
who before thought him merely an ad
roit guerrilla chief, are now preparing
to regard him as a political leader, and
that a few days more probably will see
him in name general-in-chief of the
army.
Yesterday the Cuban genera!. Pedro
Diaz, who commands in the province
of Pinar del Itio, invited several gen
erals who are friendly to Gomez to a
conference regarding 1 the latter's future
course. As many who were invited were
some distance away, however, and
could not reach here In time for the
meeting, there were only a few actually
present; but the pcssibility of reinstat
ing Gomez as commander-in-chief was
informally discussed, with the result
that little or no opposition to the propo
sition developed.
In order to get a more general ex
pression of opinion it was decided to
defer the formal meeting until to-mor
row morning. No other candidate is
possible, and if any such action is at
tempted it will undoubtedly be carried
through.
General Gomez, if reinstated, would
be of great service to the T'nited States
in the disbursement of the 53,000,000, but
his political programme means the
keeping up of agitation and disturbance
in the minds of the people and the
weakening of American authority by
producing the impression that every
thing done by the Americans is tempo
rary and may sooner or later be over
turned.
American observers consider any such
agitation as extremely harmful to the
industrial revival and the restoration
of Cuban credit. Some who are high in
authority and who have exceptional op
portunities of knowing the character
and ideas' of CJomez think the United
States Government may have, trouble
with him yet. His attitude has always
been consistent regarding independence
for Cuba and he is still working for the
same end. ,
WATER CONTROVERSY
LEFT TO ARBITRATORS
Stephen M. White Makes the Closing
Argument for the Los Angeles
Corporation.
LOS ANGELES, April 6.— The long
drawn-out litigation between the city and
the wtaer company before the Board of
Water Arbitrators came to a conclusion
this morning, when Stephen M. White
closed the arguments for the water com
pany. This question was once the sub
ject" for special political planks, each of
the parties vying in rhetoric to make
their positions unquestionably clear, still
at the cession of the board to-day, the
most momentous in the history of the
contest, aside from brokers, capitalists
and a few Councilmen. but ten plain citi
zens were onlookers, and they peered over
the balcony of the gallery in the Council
chamber. White argued that the city
should pay for the water company's plant
on a basis of "value" and not of "cost."
Its value, as the company's contention
has always been, should he based on its
earning capacity as a utility. He quoted
from the now famous thirty-year contract
to show that it says the city shall pay
the value of improvements. Improvements
mean what has been added to the plant,
and according to his reasoning the valne
of the property to the city should be
based on its present ability to make rev
enue.
At the conclusion of White's address
the attorneys on both sid^s thanked the
arbitrators, to which Chairman Mendell
briefly replied. It was agreed that when
the board shall be ready to announce a
verdict notice will be given for the wind
up. The whole matter rests now with the
three arbitrators to determine how much
the city of Los Angeles shall pay for the
plant of the Los Angeles City Water Com
pany.
TO PROTECT CHRISTIANS.
Interesting Proclamation Issued by
China's Dowager Empress.
WASHINGTON, April 6.— United States
Minister Conger at Peking has supplied
the State Department with a copy of the
proclamation posted at Tientsin relative
to the treatment of missionaries in China.
In this edict, issued on "27th of tenth
moon," the Empress Dowager rerites the
fact that anti-Christian movements had
taken place In many provinces, and de
clares that these have all been based on a
false sentiment. Bha wishes the people
to understand that the teaching of Chris
tianity i? permitted in China and that
the preachers are to be treated as good
citizens. The Empress Dowager declares
that a good man, whether Christian or
not, will obey the principles of beint* hon
est and true to others, wherefore she de
sires her people to treat foreigners as
their own countrymen and avoid all mis
understanding with them. She commands
the viceroys and cmrials in the prov-nces
to emphasize her sincerity by exertine
themselves to suppress all ap
among the people before anti-Christian
prejudice is displayed.
MRS. DAVID LEE DEAD.
American Woman Whose Daughters
I ;\£ Married Noblemen.
Special Cable to Th« Call and the nv. T ork
Herald. Copyrighted. ISM, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. April 6.-Mrs. David Lee. an
American". 96 years old. mother-in-law of
General Count yon Waldersee, is dead
In November, 1564. her youngest daughter
Mary Esther, then 23 years old. was mar
ried to Prince Frederick of Schleswie
Holstein. becoming Princess yon Xoer'
Six months later she was a widow and in
April. :v74 - she was married to Alfred
Count yon Waldersee. Her eldest si«T
ter was married to Baron yon Wachter
Wurtemburg. Embassador to France
Eureka Policeman Weds.
EUREKA, April 6.-Frank G. Barnum.
a well known policeman of Eureka was
united in marriage this morning to Miss
Laura Lindsay. The couple departed on
the Pomona for their wedding tour.
IS EARTH GETTING
FLAT AT THE POLES?
Russia Will Send an Expensive
Expedition to Spitzbergen to
Test Tbis Theory.
■ PARIS April 6 —Temps says Russia will send an expedition to Spitz- R
U bergen. at'a cost of $150,000. to measure the parallels of latitude in or- g
| der to test the theory that the earth is flattening -t the poles and ex- |
g porting at the equator. JL*
GRANT REMAINS
AS A CANDIDATE
Yet After the Senatorial
Toga.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April 6.— The definite
announcement was made to-day by
James V. Kelley if Governor Gage calls
an extra session of the Legislature to
elect a United States Senator, U. S.
Grant will again be a candidate.
"Why should Mr. Grant not be again
a factor in the contest?" asked Kelley,
during an interview. "He was always
in the lead during the balloting in Sac
ramento and quit that fight with as
many votes as any ene else."
Owing to the relations existing be
tween Grant and Kelley during and
prior to the recent legislative contest,
this announcement is taken as official,
and has renewed interest in political
circles. Kelley admitted that, in view
of the many well-recognized contingen
cies and in view of his announcement
that Grant is still a candidate, a call
for an extra session is not probable.
Kelley insists, however, that if no ses
sion is called Grant's friends will rally
to his support next session in a deter
mined effort to make the Legislature
of 1901 Republican, when Grant's name
will be presented as a successor to
Stephen M. White.
It was whispered to-day that several
of Grant's campaign leaders had ar
ranged to hold a meeting in Los An
geles to map out plans for keeping
the present Grant organization alive.
This organization is to be used as a
nucleus for opposition to the present
Burns-McLaughlin Republican State
machine.
Walter Bacon insists that he knows
nothing of such a meeting. "I have
just received a letter from Grant," said
Bacon. "It is the third since the end
nf the Sacramento campaign, and poli
tics is not referred to in any way. I
doubt if Grant knows himself what his
future political plans are. One thing
is certain: Though Grant may nut be
able to force public opinion to indorse
his Senatorial candidacy one year from
now. I am positive Colonel Burns will
never be able to bring such a result
about for himself. That being the case,
I am convinced Governor Gage wilL
never convene the present Legislature
in extra session."
The assertion is positively made from
a reliable source that should Grant
make another effort to secure the Sena
torial toga Milton J. Green will not be
the captain general in command of the
Grant forces. James P. Brown of San
Francisco will succeed Green, who is
to be retained as one of the many sub
lieutenants.
This same authority says that the
last campaign cost Grant not quite
$65,000. Milton Green's vouchers are
now being overhauled by Grant. Of
the sum expended United States Sena
tor Elkins of West Virginia and Rich
ard Kerens c-f Missouri advanced cer
tain fund?. Mrs. U. B. Grant Sr. and
certain Santa Fe interests were also
represented in the contribution?. It is
stated that the Santa Fe money did
not come from the local funds of the
company or from any of its agents, but
from the personal fortune of a large
stockholder who had known General
Grant intimately.
WESTERN TERMINAL OF
SANTA FE SYSTEM
Stockton Will Celebrate the Arrival
There in July of the New Trans
continental Line.
STOCKTON. April >>.-For a time at
least it appears that Stockton will be the
western terminal of the Santa Fe system,
and as near as can be ascertained Santa
Fe trains may bo expected to reach here
the first week of July. Citizens do not
propose to allow this great event marking
the inauguration of a transcontinental
and competing line to pass without recog
nition. At the n^xt meeting of th<
chants' Association steps will be taken
to prepare for the event. If possible It is
proposed to make the Fourth of July and
the railroad event or.c celebration and in
vite the people from all the surrounding
counties to participate.
Two men. alleged to be representatives
of the Santa Fe. were in the city yester
day. To real estate agents with whom
they had conferences they insisted that
their negotiations be kept quiet. They are
known to have looked at several lots at
the foot of Weber avenue and some prop
erty in the vicinity of Sacramento stri-et
somewhere near the Southern Pacific de
pot. The agents did not wish to let it be
known that they were in town and that
they talked of real estate, and they left
as suddenly as they came.
The Valley road is this week running a
special train for stockmen who are get
ting their stock into permanent summer
rape To-day the company began
the transfer of KTenty-two carloads of
cattle from th^ vicinity of Merced to the
Sargent tract In this county. The stock,
which is the property of i". Bird, will be
handled by special trains. It will be
transferred to barges a: 5 ' 0 and
then taken down the river to the pasture
lands. It is understood that Miller & Lux
Will also take several thousand cattle
down on the lowlands, where good feed U
r.ow growing in abundance-.
FOR THE PANAMA CANAL.
Special Commissioner Going to Pari9
to Get an Extension of Time.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS3S. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA. April I— Ser.hor Nicolas
Esquerra, Special Commissioner appoint
ed by the Colombian Government to go
to Paris and treat with the new canal
company in regard to an extension of
time for the completion of the canal, ar
rived at Colon on Wednesday and came
here on a special car the same evening,
accompanied by M. Belin Royer. other
important canal officials and several
prominent men of the Liberal party.
Scnhor Esquerra will visit the canai
route to pat her all the data necessary and
will fan for Europe via New York at the
:-.it>.
University Football Games.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 6.-
Manager Brady :>->-day received a letter
from the graduate athlet _-. r O f
Harvard, who is looking for a gam
the two coast universities. The Harvard
man's proposition is to play Stanford on
the 22d of next October in Cambridge.
Manager Brady says this would be im
possible, as it would hinder the team a
preparations for the big Thankßj
fame. Manager Jluma of Berkeley ha a
stated that it would be feasible to piay
Harvard on this coast Immediately aitr-r
Thanksgiving, as it would create a
interest in football, and a game each With
the Eastern university would readily de
fray all expenses of the visitors, provided
they can be induced to come to this coast.
It is quite probable that every effort will
be made to schedule these games.
SECTION HANDS
SEEK BETTER WAGES
Promise of the Southern Pacific Hav
ing Trouble to Keep Men on
the Shasta Route.
REDDING. April 6.— The section crews
along the mountain division of the Shasta
route are being replaced with little diffi
flculty, though it is anticipated that the
Southern Pacific Company will ha\e a
lot of trouble in trying to keep the men
at $1 28 a day for five days a week. The
old crews quit to a man and are seeking
other employment.
A new crew has been put on at P.ed
dingr. but it is believed that none of ihem
will stay very long. Twenty men from
the lower country wer* 5 *ent up the line
yesterday for the various sections be
tween here and Dunsmuir. Others are
expected to follow shortly.
Work in the pineries will soon be In
full blast, and it will be difficult to keep
men on the sections at the reduced wages
the railroad company offers. It is con
tended by the old section crews that the
company will be forced to raise the scale
of wages before the first of May. or de
pend upon an uncertain class of labor in
its track repair department.
UF INTEREST TO THL COAST.
Trip of Senators Fairbanks and Per-
kins to Alaska.
WASHINGTON. April b.— Senator Fair
banks of Indiana is making a hurried
visit to Washington to confer with the
President and members of the Cabinet,
as well as to look after some other busi
ness before he starts for his extended trip
to Alaska. He will, in company with Sen
ator Perkins of California, shortly leave
for a three months' visit to the extreme
north. Senator Fairbanks stated to-night
that while his trip was li tal ca
pacity, yet he hoped to gather much in
formation regarding the Alaskan boun
dary. He expects to combine b--
--with pleasure, and will make a thorough
investigation of matters In dispute be
tween this Government and threat Brit
ain.
The Senator has seen the President and
also conferred with Secretary Hay upon
the Alaskan matter. He will leave
Washington as soon as he concludes his
business and hears from Senator Perkins.
This will be within the next few days.
They expect to return by August 1
ator Perkins is not a member of the com
mission, but is. nevertheless, interested in
the boundary matter and also in Alaskan
affair?. Tne two B<rnaiors do not antici
pate any additional companions, and ex
pect to rough it to some extent on their
trip.
Pensions have b^en gTanted as follow?:
California — Original — Joshua Freeman
-, Oakland, $6. Restoration and in
crease—Stephen Martin. Mendocin>
to $17. Widows. Indian wars— Elvira F.
I. Graft on,
Oregon— Additional— William H. Moelier,
Baker City. J^ to Sl2.
Washington — Original widows, etc.—
Mary A. Waugh, Peola, $S.
HUNTINGTONS BIG PUBCHASE
With the Guatemala Railroad Is a
Vast Tract of Land.
NEW YORK. April 6.— A New Orleans
special to the Sun says: Colonel W. B.
Tesdale, the representative of C. P. Hunt
ingdon, who goes to Guatemala for b
perior, announced to-day that Mr. Hunt
ington had purchased the Guatemala and
Northern Railroad. Colonel Tesdale Is go
ing to Guatemala to complete the pur
chase and pay over the money. Mr. Hur.t
ington will at once complete the ft f t ;
miles of track in the center of the
making a total length of 233 miles.
The railroad property purchased by Mr.
Huntington includes 1,000,000 acres of
Sand. He already owns 6,000,000 acres
there. Mr. Huntington will also extend
his line to connect with the Salvadorean
railroads to extend to Mazetenango and
San Felipe, cr about 400 miles in two
countries traversing the coffee district*.
He •will also put on a line of steamers to
New Orleans. He intends to conce
his Central American business in this city.
SETTLED OUT OF COURT.
Suit of Mrs. Banning Against C. Wil
son Porter Dismissed.
LOS ANGELES, April 6.— The sud
termination of the suit of Mrs. Mary H.
Banning against C. "Wilson Porter, the
well-known club man. creates as much
comment in and out of the California
Club as did the knowledge that the leader
of fashion and cult had been sued" for
his $2S: board bill by the head of the illus
trious Southern California family. Por
ter announced to his friends he was de
termined to fight the case to the bitter
end and filed an exhaustive bill for ser
vices rendered the plaintiff. This morn
ing the suit was dismissed.
On the Bennings Track.
WASHINGTON. April 6. -The holiday in'
Washington for the funeral of the dead soldiers
from Cuba brought a crowd to the Bennlngs
races to-day. Weather fine and track rast. a
Five furlongs— Prestldigitatrlce won. Lambent
second. Takar.assee third. Time, 1:03.
Maiden ear-olds, half mile — Mattle Ba
zar won. Specific second, Dorcas Lathrop third.
Time, :51.
Thirteen-sixteenths of a mile— Althea won.
Royaterer second. Spurs third. Time. I:2] 2-5
Thlrteen-slxteenths of a mile— Exile
won. Tut Tut second. Red Gidd third. Time
I 23
Three-year-olds, handicap, mile and forty
yards— Danforth won, Egbart second. Plantain
third. Time, 1:13.
Sues the North Pacific Coast Road.
SAN RAFAEL. April 6-Mr=. C. Boyl*
of Mill Valley brought suit in the Sis.
• to-day against the North Pacific
Coast Railway Company for Js>») dam-
In January last a train left the
track near Bay Junction and Jolted over
the rails for a short distance. The acci
dent was of a minor nature and nobody
tIM mi even slightly injured. Mrs Bovl'e
was an invalid, and claims that parabsis
of the lower limbs resulted from the acci
dent.
Robbery of a Missouri Bank.
ST. LOUIS. April 6.— A special to the
Post Dispatch says that three robbers en
tered the bank at Wellsvllle. Mo., to-day
after enticing the "man out and
binding and gagging him. They blew
open the vault, but as they closed the
door of the safe after leaving the bank
officials are unable to say Whether any
of the contents were taken. It was
thought the robbers, who escaped onlv
secured a small amount. *
Agree as to Water Rites.
I SAN DIEGO. April 6.— Water consumers
j at Chula Vista and vicinity have at sa3t
come to an agreement with the Sar» Die'-o
Land and Town Coiapanv ever wavr
I rates. Tr.ese have been a"bo:ie of con
| tention a long time and affected the best
[fruit district of this section..MURDERER MOORE
ELUDES PURSUERS
NKVADA CITY, April 6. — The
•us pursuit of Murderer
re is still on, but the in
. ilons are to-night that the
manhunters are farther away
their game than at any time since
took to the woods. The hot
picked up at daylight yesterday
Lng mi Lone Ridge, near San Juan,
cold and the authorities at that
and the hastily organized posse
that went on the trail immediately after
titling details of Ditchtender Fo
ry became known in the
Qg settlement returned last night,
sted and disheartened by their
re to follow the scent any. farther
the lone cabin where the murderer
is believed to have slept for several
nights.
Late this afternoon Deputy McCol
lough wired Sheriff Getchell that his
posse had searched the neighboring
mountains thoroughly and had failed
completely to track the fugitive further
than Van Appen's Hollow. Like the
■waning colors of a fading rainbow the
trail that promised to lead the authori- |
ties close on the heels of the fleeing fu
gitive dwindled away and was lost in
the tangled underbrush of chaparral
and manzanita. Had the posse cornered
the desperado in Van Appen's Hollow
he would have had a better fighting,
chance for his life than in any refuge
In this vicinity. Once ambushed behind
the gnarled, projecting rocks at the
back of the abandoned cabin a des
perado of Moore's erring aim ana
unquestioned courage could fortify him
self against a regiment of soldiers, a
score of expert trailers scoured the lo- j
cality about Van Appei a Hollow yes- |
terday, but did not succeed in securing
any additional traces of the furtive.
About th fireplace where the fugitive
is supposed to have cooked his meal
they found more cigarette stumps, and
on a pine board box and close to the
embers of the lire they found a bunch
of matches The isolated spot was an
ideal retreat for a man in Moore's des
perate straits, for more reasons than
"one In addition to being well fortified
it opened to the fugitive an exit into
a country where he would be tempo
rarily safe from pursuit. He could
have journeyed from there across Lone
fcidge and on to Marysville road with
out fear of possible detection. It is the
general impression here to-night that
the murderer embraced this oppor- ,
tunity of eluding the manhunters who
are on his trail and is by this time well
into the heart of Yuba County,
Moore could have made his way
aWig the Marysville road to the New
town road, thence along the Excelsior
ditch into the country about Wheat
land. Being robust and rugged and
accustomed to making long journeys
Bfoot he could easily have covered this
distance from the time he was seen in ;
the vicinity of North San Juan.
At any rate Moore at present can drift
In whatever direction his fancy leads,
for Sheriff Getchell and his posse have j
about given up the chase. In justice ■
to the Sheriff and his posse it must be
SACRAMENTO AND
GARBAGE QUESTION
Seekers of Incineration
Contract Fail.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 6.— The Garbage
my, which has the exclu
franchise for collecting and burning
in San Francisco, has sought to
hice a similar system in Sacra
thua far met with failure.
. of the company is to se
cure from the city ;m exclusive franchise
: twenty-five years to
stroy by incineration all
tever character aceumu
on the streets or deposited by resi
lars have elapaed the
my will pay the city 3 per cent per
annum on the | ■ ipts, and after
ten years will present the city with the
chance to purchase the plant at a price
: y arbitrators..
r the terms of the franchise are
icting to suit the easy
-. since the company
,t every resident shall equip
himself wifh a tightly sealed can, into
must daily dump the garbage
from his premises and from the streets
In front thereof, and have the contribu
te:, ready when the garbage man comes.
fails in this duty he is liable to a
or imprisonment for misdemeanor.
• iust pay the garbage man 75
yard for allowing the
up in smoke.
■ such an arrangement
n ade to the Trustees, and the
garbage collectors of this
are objecting to a monopoly which
■ . m out of their occupation.
At the lasi meeting of the Board of Trus
• was resolved to communicate with
ertain the feasibility
ento Betting up a garbage dis-
I nt which will be all her very
•inn with the question of gar-
Hal an interesting state of
. ,■■!■• . Against the
the press and many citi
: rd of Trustees a year ago
dumping grounds for the
Int :iorth of the cen
: . • : clow the Amerl-
In a locality subject to over
i ;ir the junction of the Amerl-
Sacramento River.
American recently rose and
iis banks the water filtered
garbag< and then coursed
r;imento River at a
above the suction pipes
:-h whii h is drawn the city's drink-
Wheri this fact became known
•• •• seized with a desire to
for<ver and take to tha
m and the grape, and now
d the Board of Health, as
l! engineers, are devising
tnod to imprison the garbage fn>m
v. by means of a levee. Nat
deplore references
Djuriouß to the Inter
appeartng, however, to
ifficial foresight as to
LtJon in the ilrst place would
■ Bt such unpleasant
DAMAGE TO DIRIGO.
TACOMA, Wash., April 6.— Details of
the damages sustained by the steamship
Diripo when she grounded in Alaska re
, w< re made public to-day. It is
]( arned that the expenses of her repairs
at the Quartermaster drydock will reach
to 130,000. Tins loss must be borne
by the marin^ underwriters, as the
Alaska Steamship Company, owners of
ih<- steamer, had her well insured. The
examii atlon <<n the drydock shows that
her k<el is completely gone and a large
part of her bottom planking. Her en
gines and boilers were out of position
; over to port, their foundations
being broken and twisted. Her cylinders
and columna were cracked and the elec
planl badly damaged. Her en
iii and hull must be recaulked.
Mary Baker Eddy's letter to Chris
tian Scientists, in next Sunday's
OalL
Cabin in the Nevada County Hills Where Mur
derer Moore Found Refuge.
said that they made heroic efforts to
capture the murderer until to-day.
when they overlooked the first live
clew to the murderer's whereabouts
that has turned up since the nieht of
the murder. Deputy Sheriff Sam Mc-
Collough and his posse over at San
Juan waited in vain for the Sheriff to
join and assist them in running down
the clew which developed there yester
day morning. The Sheriff was busy
with other matters at the courthouse
and said it would be impossible for
him to leave there.
Patrick Mulcahey, a ditch tender on
the Excelsior ditch, dropped into town
to-day and reported having seen a man
answering Moore's description travel
ing along the ditch last Tuesday morn
ing. Mulcahey fod the stranger and
he went his way after which Mulcahey.
like others, became convinced that he
had discovered Moore. The citizens
are inclined to believe that Mulcahey's
"pip<-" vision was born of a sweet
jangling of bells aloft, and little atten
tion was paid to his story.
Captain Nihell of the National
Guards and his posse are still search
ing for the fugitive in the lower end of
the county, in the vicinity where
Rancher Nettleship is supposed to have
seen Moore. A man named O'Neil re
ported to Captain Nihell's posse to-day
that he had been driven out of an old
cabin at the point of a pistol by a
stranger answering Moore's description.
This incident occurred Monday night,
a few miles from the point where Net
tleship says he saw Moore on Tuesday
morniner.
Aggravated by the unsuccessful ef
SOYLAND'S BODY
IS RECOVERED
One of the Victims of
the Chilkat.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA, April 6.— Surfmen Erlck
son and Swanson of the life saving sta
tion, while patrolling the beach last
night, found the body of Alfred Soy
land, one of the seamen of the Chilkat.
It was partly buried in the sand and
there were numerous cuts on the head
and face. The body was attired only
in underclothing and socks.
At the inquest to-day First Officer
Johnson of the Chilkat testified as fol
lows:
"We left the railroad wharf at about
10:15 a. m., Tuesday, April 4, 1839. We
steamed along down the bay to the Jet
ties. The North Fork went over the
bar a little ahead of us. The first
breaker that struck us stove in the
pilothouse and carried away the steer
ing gear. I ordered relieving tackle put
on the tiller. By the time the tackles
were put on she had no headway and
the went broadside to the sea.
"Then we got two or three breakers
which broke her all to pieces. The cap
tain ordered the life preservers on all
those aboard. There were plenty of life
preservers, but all of those aboard did
not put them on. We then launched
one boat which the engineer, assistant
engineer, a fireman, steward, a sailor
and one passenger, in all six, got into
and pulled out over the bar to the
steamer North Fork. We then launched
another boat in which myself, the sec
ond mate, cook, a fireman and one pas
senger got into, and then we pulled
around the wreck and picKed up an
other passenger. Then we got a breaker
and capsized. When we came up we
fuund v raft and climbed onto it. We
then p>t several more breakers and
turned over several times, and finally
lost the raft. We then got scattered
about. We caught hold of a floating
piece of timber whenever we could and
at last myself and two others reached
the beach.
"I saw the captain balling out his
boat when it upset, and he was thrown
into the water, and I saw him" climb
upon some wreckage, and I saw an
other sailor sitting with him. We then
got several breakers again in succes
sion and that was the last I saw of
him. I have viewed the body of the de
ceased and know him to be Alford Soy
land, a sailor on the Chilkiit. His age
was about 21 years, and ho was born
in Norway and was a single man. He
haa been on the Chilkat three times,
about forty days the last time. The
men at the wheel were not hurt."
At low tide the Chilkat is fully ex
posed, keel up, bottom not broken and
propeller intact. She will be sold at
auction by the underwriters.
This afternoon the life saving crew
went out and made a thorough search
for more bodies in the bight where
Soyland was found, but with no suc
cess.
W. C. Morser, one of the rescued pns
sengers, is on the Pomona, to arrive
at San Francisco to-morrow morning.
6WEDEN ARISING
AGAINST NORWAY
Money Is Voted for the Purchase of
Rifles and the Building of
Forts.
STOCKHOLM. April fi.— The Ricksdag
has voted 2.388.C00 crowns for the purchase
of rifles and 2.200.C00 Crown* for the im
provement of Swedish fortifications.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
forts to capture his brother's slayer,
Joe Kilroy sent to-day for the chief of
a band of Indians living in the woods
near here in the hope that he could in
duce some of the band, who are famous
trailers, to take up the scent at San
Juan. Kilroy pointed out the fact that
the Indians could secure the reward
for bringing in the fugitive dead or
alive, but the big chief fought shy of
the proposition.
"Ugh, Indian go over to You Bet to
prospect soon; no can hunt Moore,"
said the copper-colored chief in tones
of disgust.
"Why. you can make more money in
a day by bringing Moore in than you
could if you prospected for a whole
year," said Kilroy assuringly.
"Can't do," retorted the big chief, and
with an imperious stride he journeyed
back to his people.
Sheriff Getchell, when seen by a Call
correspondent to-night, said he did not
intend to give up the search. "I have
good reason to believe that the fugitive
is making his way south in the direc
tion where he was seen by Rancher
Nettleship. I have placed experienced
men in that portion of the county and
it would not surprise me a bit if Moore
was captured while attempting to leave
the county that way."
When asked to express an opinion as
to whether Moore had left the county
Sheriff Getchell said: "Well, I am in
no position to make a statement in that
point. If he has succeeded in getting
out of the county I think he is making
his way south and in that case he will
run directly into the arms of Captain
Nihell's posse."
KNOCKS OUT HIS
FORMER ASSAILANT
Attorney Fairall Fells
Thomas Fitch Jr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, April 6.— A sensational
encounter took place last evening on
San Joaquin street between Attorney
C. H. Fairall and Thomas Fitch Jr.,
son and namesake of his eloquent
father. Attorney Fairall *has but one
hand. This misfortune Is due to pistol
wounds inflicted by Fitch last summer,
when he emptied a revolver at the un
armed lawyer on a public thorough
fare. But with this remaining hand of
his strong right arm Fairall turned on
Fitch last evening and delivered a pow
erful blow square in the face of his for
mer assailant, sending him upon his
back In the gutter.
The lawyer walked calmly away, and
was soon engaged in a conversation
with a friend a short distance from
where he had left tne object of his
wrath. The trouble arose between the
two when Fairall became the attorney
for Mrs. Fitch in her suit for divorce.
The defendant claimed that the law
yer had been interested in his affairs
in more than a professional capacity.
All of the interested parties were at
the time guests of the Budd House.
Fitch was known to be possessed of a
vivid imagination and an u/igovernable
temper, and his avowals of vengeance
were .shown to be more than mere rav
ings when he attempted to shoot down
Fairall. As it was the lawyer lost his
left hand.
Some sympathy was felt for Fitch, as
many thought he had worked his mind
into such a state that he was not ac
countable for his attempt at murder.
He got off with a fine. Since then he
has been around town, seemingly as
a man of leisure. Fairall naturally
met or passed him frequently. The at
torney, says it has been Fitch's custom
to glare at him as the two approached,
and when nearly opposite to glance at
his empty sleeve and then give a sar
castic leer. The lawyer said human
nature could not stand the continued
insults delivered by unmistakable in
sinuation and manner and in cruel
malice. Last evening the worm turned
and Fitch went down.
The trouble is now reopened, and
there are many who predict a tragedy.
Fitch has lost much of the former sym
pathy shown him, and Fairall is evi
dently of the opinion that patience has
ceased to be a virtue. Fitch applied
for a warrant for Fairall's arrest, but
it was refused him, pending a further
investigation of the encounter by the
Prosecuting Attorney.
STEPHEN CASTRO
GIVEN A DRUBBING
SALINAS, April 6.— Another chapter in
the aftermath of the breaking up of the
Mafia nine which made itself notorious re
cently in Castrovllle by terrorizing the
whole community by bold robberies
and assaults was brought to light to-day
in that place. James Douglass, the hus
| band of the woman who was attacked at
I her own home on the night of March 2,
! clubbed into insensibility and dragged
! some distance and hidden in a brush pile
and supposedly left for dead, met Stephen
Castro, b wdl-known citizen of that place.
on tli<- public street this morning and
gave liim ;t severe drubbing. He clubbed
ro on the head with a pistol and
would have probably used it otherwise
had he not been prevented by a crowd of
j citizens that assembled when the encoun
ter occurred. Castro has had Douglass
arrested, and from assertions made by
I eye-witnesses as well as others who pro
fess to be cognizant of the affair this
late trouble will cause further develop
ments in the Mafia gang.
DELEGATES
TO THE PEACE
CONFERENCE
America Will Tell the World
That It Needs Stronger
Armament.
MORE GUNS AND SHIPS
American Commission Is Thought
to Be a Very Strong
One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ -r-im ♦
♦ NEW YORK, April 6.— Wash- ♦ |
-f lngton special to the Herald says: +
♦ The President has approved the ♦
♦ instructions to the peace confer- -f I
+ ence delegation which have been + I
+ prepared at the State Depart- + |
♦ ment. It is the Intention of the -f
♦ administration to announce that -f
+ the present armament of the +
♦ United States, berth military and -f
+ naval, is far below that which +
+ the size of the country demands +
+ for its own protection. +
+ The administration, while tak- +
-♦■ ing little interest in disarmament +
-f plans, will look with favor on the +
+ scheme for international arbitra- +
♦ tion which will be presented. In +
+ fact, it is the expectation of the +
■♦■ authorities that the only satis- +
+ factory agreement the confer- +
♦ ence will reach will be along -f
♦ the lines of international arbitra- +
♦ tion. , ♦
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
WASHINGTON, April 6.— The Secre
tary of State has announced the consti
tution of the United States delegation
to the disarmament congress, which will
meet at The Hague in the latter part
of May.
The delegation consists of Andrew D.
White, United States Embassador at
Berlin; Mr. Newell, United States Min
ister to the Netherlands; Professor Low
of the Columbia University, New York;
Captain Crozier, Ordnance Depart
ment, United States army, and Cap
tain A. T. Mahan, retired, United States
navy.
Frederick Holls of New York will be
secretary of the delegation.
The American commission, as a
whole, is regarded as an exceptionally
strong body, being made up of men well
known not only in public and political
life but in the world of letters and in
ternational affairs. They are all men
of scholarship, fine linguists and those
attainments helpful In a congress rep
resenting the nations of the world, con
ducted under the diplomatic usage
which makes French the accepted lan
guage.
Mr. White is best known In the fields
of education and diplomacy. After
graduating at Yale, class of '53, he went
to Europe for several years of historic
study, mainly at Berlin and Paris. For
a time he was an attache of the United
States Legation at St. Petersburg. Re
turning to this country, he began his
university career as professor of Eng
lish literature at the University of
Michigan. Later he became the first
president of Cornell, his service con
j tlnuing from 1867 to 1885, when he re-
I tired through ill health. He was United
States Commissioner to San Domingo in
1871. From 1879 to 1881 he was Minister
to Germany, again taking this impor
tant post under President McKinley.
During the administration of Mr. Cleve
land Mr. White was chosen as one of
the Venezuelan commissioners at the
! time when the affair was at its most
i critical stage. He was also Minister to
; Russia in 1892.
Seth Low also is known as an edu
j cator as well as a man of public af
fairs. He was graduated from Colum
bia University, whose president he be
came in 1890, later giving $1,000,000 for
university buildings. He was Mayor of
Brooklyn in 1881 and again in 188;?, his
service being marked by numerous re
forms.
Stanford Newell was appointed Min
ister to the Netherlands from Minne
sota. His selection as one of the dele-
I gates was expected because he was
i Minister resident at The Hague, where
I the congress is to be held.
Captain William C. Crozier is one of
the most highly accomplished of the
officers of the ordnance corps, which is
generally recognized as containing the
very highest grade of talent in the
United States army.
No name is better known to students
of naval strategy than that of Captain
Alfred T. Mahan, sailor, strategist ar>d
author. Captain Mahan was born in
New York and appointed an active
midshipman in the United States navy
in September, 1856. He reached the
grade of lieutenant at the outbreak of
the civil war in 1861, became a com-
Kin 1871 and a captain on Sep
-13, 1883. He retired November
His last command was that
hicago, then on the European
and he retired upon his own
on in order to pursue the lit
erary work which has made him fam
ous. His most important contribution
to literature is "The Influence of Sea
Power Upon History."
HOBART WILL SOON
RETIRE FROM POLITICS
So "McKinley and Roosevelt" May
Head the Next National Re
publican Ticket.
WASHINGTON, April 6.— There is con
siderable anxiety in political circles con
cerning Vice President Hobart's health.
The impression obtains that he is in a
much more serious condition than has
been reported. Mr. Hobart's physician has
ordered him to take a vacation of at least
six months. It has not been decided
whether he will go to Europe or to Cali
fornia.
"I am satisfied," said one of Mr. Ho
bart's friends to-day, "that he will not be
a candidate for a second term as Vice
President next year. Mr. McKinley and
all his friends are anxious to have him
on the Presidential ticket again, but Mr.
Hobart's health will preclude his accept
ing the honor. He has led a very active
life and is completely broken down. It is
his Intention, I understand, to retire both
from politics and business as soon as pos
sible."
The withdrawal of Mr. Hohart from the
political arena will necessitate the selec
tion of a new running mate for Mr. Mc-
Kinley next year. It is said that Senator
Hanna had an idea that "McKinley and
Roosevelt" would make a strong combi
nation.
STRONG FORCE
TO CRUSH THE
ASSASSINS
Four Hundred Armed Men
Go to Battle With Louis
iana Desperadoes.
POSSES DRIVEN OFF
They Return for Reinforcements,
and a Battle Royal in the South
ern Swamps Expected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, April 6.— Four
hundred men armed with rifles, a large
portion of them mounted, are scouring
the parishes of Tangipahoa and Wash
ington in search of men who recently
assassinated Mr. Magee, of the Ban
ner Lumber Company, at Kentwood. in
Tangipahoa.
Magee's assassination is one of a
dozen that have occurred in the parish,
and it seems to have at last aroused
the law and order element.
Bloodhounds were obtained and the
trail of the assassins followed. Since
then the parish has been like an firmed
camp. Several posses set out for the
desperadoes, who are led by Bambert
and Gill. They have been several times
arrested for murder. The desperadoes
were found, but fortified themselves in
a house and drove off the posse, which
returned to Tangipahoa for reinlorce
mer.ts.
The desperadoes retreated into Wash
ington Parish, where some forty or fifty
of them assembled in a house fifteen
miles east of Franklinton. They have
since taken refuge in a swamp on Pearl
River on the boundary line of Louisia
na and Mississippi.
These swamps will be searchß-I to
morrow, and a battle royal is expected.
There is a strong determination to
crush out the brigands, who have so
long terrorized that section.
MYSTERY CONNECTED
WITH CONLON'S DEATH
Affairs of the Deceased Semi-Million-
aire Being Rushed by Mrs.
Abbie Kinnes.
SAN JOSE, April 6.— There is an in
creasing mystery surrounding the death
of John P. Conlon, the semi-millionaire
of New York City, which resulted from
apoplexy here yesterday morning. Mrs.
Abbie Kinnes, who occupied the relation
ship of niece and adopted daughter, be
sides passing as Mrs. Conlon, refuses to
give out any information regarding the
deceased. She, however, states that all
of Conlon's property has been left to her.
At the same time she admits she has a
cousin who, but for his wild escapades,
would have come in for equal inheritance.
Mrs. Kinnes will start East to-morrow.
She appears to have an unlimited amount
of cash and has spared no expense in
funeral arrangements. A JSOO casket has
been purchased from W. L. Woodrow, the
undertaker, and other appointments for
the deceased are of the same costly or
der. The body has been embalmed and
will be shipped East to-morrow morning.
It is consigned to George Kendrick, un.
dertaker, 274 Broadway, Brooklyn. N. Y.
This was done on telegraphic instructions
from New York.
Mrs. Klnnt'S to-day engaged Attorneys
Tuttle and Patton to look after her in
terests, and spent most of the day with
them. No will was found among Conlon's
effects, but it is said such an instrument
lies in the vault of an Eastern bank. The
only other relative of Conlon is a
nephew bearing his name, but he has been
disowned and disinherited. Although hei
adopted father gave her much property,
it is said Mrs. Kinnes has deeds of re
cent date to valuable New York real es
tate. These she seems anxious to rush
into record before the nephew can tak«
steps to secure his share. Her attorneys
refuse to discuss affairs, but assert that
their client is all she professes to be in
regard to relationship to Tonlon.
Mrs. Kinnes submitted to a short inter
view to-night, and then unceremoniously
bouncod the reporters. She tells several
conflicting stories. She says John P. Con
lon Inherited his wealth from his father,
who bore the same name, and was a ship
builder and contractor. Conlon's wealth
she estimates at over $500,00n, consisting
of tenement houses and warehouses in
New York City. She refused to tell where
the property was located, and finally said
she did not know, as the janitor, who
had been in her uncle's employ for half
a century, attended to the business. Two
years ago she and her uncle kept house
at 437 One Hundred and Twenty-third
street. New York, and at other times
stopped at various hotels. This was the
only address she would give. Mrs. Kinnes
said her husband was Andrew Kinnes,
an employe of the New York Custom
house. She denied being the adopted
daughter, as well as niece of the dead
man. but she showed to the undertaker
a certificate of adoption. Mrs. Kinnes
said her uncle and herself were the only
two remaining relatives of the family and
had traveled together for seven years.
REGISTRAR ELLIOTT
POSTS THE LIST
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 6.—
The final list of the candidates for grad
uation was posted by Registrar Elliott
to-day. No further names will be added
to the list and no changes will be made.
The names of those who will become
Bachelors of Arts in May are as follows:
Greek— Miss F. Whittier.
Classical Philology— J. F. Dixon, D. B.
Spooner.
Latin— Faith Anderson, J. A. Bacher, Ml?s S.
Cory, Estelle Kellogg, F. F. Rogers, Mrs. A.
T, Wallace, Miss A. Willlston.
German— Miss A. J. Bristol, V. Be'ihnrr,
Mi*s E. Cowperthwaite, Miss G. Gilman, Miss
E. Lewis, A. E. Nelson.
Romanic Language— Miss Marie Markham.
English— C. K. Binkley, F. W. Dorn. MUs
U. Fowler, Mrs. C. O. French, Miss E. Hall,
W. H. Irwln, B. E. Page, Miss E. V. Pearaon,
Miss B. Rawdon, C. C. Smith, K. W. Smith,
Miss E. Stephens, J. C. Templeton, Miss L. H.
Waters, Miss F. Wolfenberger.
Rianomics— R. K. Culver, N. G. Durfee.
Education— Miss Eunice Hodgson, ' Duncan.
Macklnnon, A. H. Suzzallo.
History— Walter ("lark. Miss L. E. Dyer.
James Ferguson, T. T. C. Gregory, O. C.
l,eiter, M. C. Leventrttt, Miss B. McMurtry,
Miss M. Moses, F. A. Schneider, Miss F. L.
Swanson, C. L. Thomas, Miss M. F. Tucker,
O. Van Norden.
Economics— E. M. Clinton, J. S. Gray, W. H.
Grimsky, G. A. Miller, Walter Nichols, C. E.
Schwartz, A. C. Whltaker, E. S. Williams, R.
H. Filcher.
Law— H. A. Bauer, F. L. Berry D. C. O.
Biglow, C. S. Chandler, E. L. Corbln, C. p.
(utter, C. I. Dole, S. P. Ellas. F. S. Fisher.
C A Gray. F. H. Greenbaum. W. Hull. A. A.
Lelter, C. W. Rigging. W. C. Rodgers, A. E.
Russ A B. West. F. D. Wills.
Mathematics— Miss C. E. Briggs, B. M. Hop
per. J. Inouye.
Physics— F. L. Schott, Mary Seger.
Chemistry— R. P. Cowles, F. D. Curtis, I. M.
Noble, A. M. Strong.
Entomology— S. I. Kuwana.
Botany— Mrs. D. Bacon. Miss E. Brewster, R..
E. Chase. E. L. H. Knoche, W. F. Wright.
Physiology— Edith Barnhlsel, X. I'leaveland.
W. C. f'randall. Miss S. L. Dyer, Miss J.
Mailer, Miss V. Olonvlch, J. F. Ortschlld. Miss
E. RosrncrantJ!. Harlan Shoemaker. R. E.
Smith, Miss N. Stevens, Miss A. Tucker, A. J.
Vankaathnven.
Zoology— W. S. Adklnson, W. H. Osgood.
Geology— Leigh Allen, R. Arnold, E. C.
Knecht, Milnes Roberts.
Civil engineering— P. C. Hatch.
Electrical Engineering— R. E. Gilman, A. W.
Lyon, R. I. Rush, F. R, Stowe, J. J. Takagl.
MANUEL ROSSAS
A VICTIM OF SAN
QUENTION METHODS
Gruel Jreatrr\er\t tke Gause of the
Prisoner's DeatK, Not
"Ir\ar\itior\."
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. April 6.—
Manuel Rossas, the Portuguese negro
who was thumped into insensibility and
placed in a straitjacket for assaulting
Guard Randolph, died yesterday. In
the death certificate the cause of the
prisoner's death is given as "inanition."
but if the words of reliable guards at
the prison are to be believed, it was a
case of too much straitjacket and too
little medical attention.
As the time draws near when Hale
is to be deposed the mouths of the
guards begin to give forth strange
tales, and the case of Rossas is not
the least of them. In the middle of
February last Rossas refused to take
his proper place in the line for the
chapel, and finally attacked Guard
Randolph. Help for Randolph arrived
in the person of Guard Henry Moller.
who knocked Rossas senseless with a
cane at Captain Edgar's command.
The convict was then placed in a strait
jacket in the dungeon.
At that time he was a magnificent
specimen of physical manhood, over six
FRAUDS MAY HOT
BE INVESTIGATED
Stockton Ballot Jugglers
Likely to Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, April 6.— lt developed
to-day that when the Grand Jury ad
journed last evening it was until the
loth of May, and not till to-day, when it
was supposed the investigation of the
alleged ballot-box stuffing would be
continued.- As the Republican conven
tion assembles Monday the proceeding
the jury may take will come after the
excitement of the convention and elec
tion is over. There is considerable
criticism and speculation over the
jury's action, as a large body of citizens
insist that the frauds, if any were
actually perpetrated, should be probed
without fear or favor. The contesting
delegation in the Third Ward, accord
ing to report, will not carry their case
to the Superior Court, but will demand
recognition in the convention. As the
new law does not empower conventions
to pass on such matters the announce
ment is equivalent to an abandonment
of the contest.
District Attorney Ashley refuses to
state whether any action will be taken
by him in the matter or not, answering
all questions with the reply that his
tongue is tied by law.
William Purcell and Frank Tuttle,
who are said by Watson to have been
present when an attempt was made by
Eckstrom to hush the matter by getting
Visher to help him out, stoutly deny
that they were present at any such
meeting. They say Watson is trying
to implicate them in the case. The
friends of Eckstrom and Patterson are
active in their behalf and assume to
make light of the charges.
The City Clerk was busy to-day mak
ing out certificates of election for dele
gates of both parties. They are issued
in the same form as certificates of elec
tion to office. The delegates must pre
sent them at the convention and on so
doing become members of a legally con
stituted body. A committee on creden
tials in the convention will no longer
be necessary.
"SANTIAGO" MORPHY
AGAIN IN THE TOILS
The Fugitive Mexican Embezzler
Captured by Two Detectives
at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. , April 6.— "Santiago"
Morphy. alias "Mexican Morphy." who is
well known in horse racing circles
throughout this country and who is want
ed in Mexico on a charge of embezzling
$70,000 from a Mexican bank, was arrested
here to-day by Detectives Sanderson and
Schulz. Morphy was captured at the
Stratford House at Eighth and Holmes
streets, where he says he has been for
five weeks.
The detectives had located Morphy and
were waiting for him when he stepped out
of the office door. He recognized Schulz
and ran into the barroom and back into
the office and up the stairs. The officers
were close at his heels, and caught him
as he reached' the third floor. There is a
reward of $500 for Morphy's arrest, which
Schulz and Sanderson will divide.
Morphy was arrested in New Orleans
nn January 14 and turned over to a Mexi
can officer. In broad daylight on a crowd
ed street six of Morphy's friends sur
rounded the pair while the officer was
taking his prisoner to the depot. One of
them felled the officer to the walk with a
blow from a slungshot and Morphy
jumped into a waiting carriage and es
caped. His friends mingled with the
crowd and also escaped.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ~ _ ■
£4- o 4- O 4-04-04-o+O4-04-04-04-04-04-04-4- o 404-04-04-04>0404-04-04-04-04-O(i
lAn Instrument of Torture!
O O
X mißPlU'lMiiiiiwiMwi'i ii urn I'fiTff*^ I s a Truss made on the plan as +
? E * SBMa '*^ SJL shown, with a heavy steel or iron *
o /^ ■ .<^il^« ft band > as y° u know if you have ~?
4. . / _*^^P^&^ S& M been in the habit of wearing one. ?
O 1 E£&^' as -^, SKtffoiJSr Throw }t away! Why will you £
4- V J^S^oy continue wearing such an instru- V
? a<s^^^[S^^3-» ment of torture, when we can fur- o
T Js]WrWs^&r nlsh you a most efficient truss— 4.
1 ELASTIC— any iron O
o ~^wii*ib«» '^a^ hoops or steel springrs about It, ■♦•
4- and one that may be worn with EASE and COMFORT NIGHT and £
0 DAT? As for CURES, DR. PIERCES Celebrated MAGNETIC EL.AS- £
+ TIC TRUSS has ACCOMPLISHED THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC 1
o TRUSS, the only genuine and successful one ever Invented. Electricity ~ o
4- is the only thing that will CURE rupture, and when Dr. Pierces Trues 4-
-- cures a rupture it stays cured. Send fie in stamps for our "Book No. 1," O
O. or call at office. Address: ■♦■
♦ MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY ?
o 620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel), San Francisco. %
4- - ' ■- >■::-■■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ v ■'.'■■ ■■•■.. ' ■■ o
4-04040^04-o>o4-o-fo4-04-04-o-fo^(il
feet In height and 250 pounds In welrht.
Soon ugly rumors were circulated that
the man was dying from his Injuries
and lack of medical attention. Both
Dr. Lawlor, the prison physician, and
Warden Hale were interviewed by The
Call correspondent, and both declared
Rossas was shamming, and that this
was conclusively proved by the mirror
and match tests. However, they took
the precaution to place the injured con
vict in the hospital. Yesterday he died,
and Warden Hale attempts to justify
the verdict of "inanition" by asserting
Rossas would not eat, and died of
starvation. Rossas was in a state of
coma from the time he was placed In
the dungeon until he died. The death
of this man under such peculiar cir
cumstances following upon the pub
licity given the inhuman treatment ac
corded eight convicts upon the word
of a stool pigeon afterward discredited
has caused Hale to be criticized In un
measured terms by his own men. and
Dr. Lawlor is not highly complimented.
Inanition is his favorite reason for a
death, even in a case of death by the
use of opium. On account of being so
indefinite a word it is said to have
also met Hale's favor.
A BOLD PLAY
TO GET SAILORS
Boy From California Is
Shanghaied.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., April 6.— A special
from Port Townsend states that war
rants for the arrest of J. Norris and
William Scott for attempting to shang
hai Alex Benson, Ray Hubbard and
Thomas Saunders on the British bark
Kate F. Troop, are in the hands of
Deputy United States Marshal Strin
ger, who for three days past has been
looking for them. Norris and Scott are
sailor boarding house men. Benson had
Just arrived in Seattle from Bakers
field, Cal., and was looking for em
ployment. On Sunday morning he was
approached by Norris and Scott and
asked if he wanted work, stating that
they were looking for men to go to
Blakeley to work in a lumber yard.
Benson replied that he would accept
the job, and with a number of others
was taken to Blakeley, where the bark
Troop was being towed out of the har
bor. Their launch circled around th«
vessel until she had got outside the
harbor, when it ran alongside and made
fast. The men were ordered aboard.
All complied except Benson, when he
was struck on the head and one of the
outfit drew a gun and threatened to kill
him. During the scuffle his blankets
were put aboard and, fearing for his
life, he went aboard and the launch
started for Seattle.
When British Consul Rothschild went
aboard the Troop, Benson and two
others refused to ship, and they were
ordered ashore.
Benson claims that Norris and Scott
landed them two miles from town, tell
ing them they could secure work near
there, also that if they came across to
Port Townsend they would be killed.
Later they went to Port Townsend and
laid the matter before Chaplain Terry,
of the Seamen's Bethel, who had war
rants issued for Scott and Norris. They
had left before Deputy Marshal Strin
ger arrived from Seattle to arrest
them. ____________
APTOS BRIDGE SCANDAL.
Trial of Elwell for an Alleged At
tempt at Bribery.
SANTA CRUZ. April 6.— The trial of F.
D. Elwell on a charge of attempted brib
ery was resumed in the Superior Court
to-day. N. Mosher, the principal witness
for the prosecution, failed to remember
some material facts. In substance Mosher
testified that Elwell met him and said.
"What are you going to do with us?"
Mosher replied, "I'm protecting myself in
this competition." Referring to the Aptos
bridge plans, Elwell said, "There's $250
in it to straighten out." Mosher replied
that he did not want to commit perjury.
Elwell said he did not ask him to; that
he would pay Mosher what hie testimony
was worth, not less than $100. Mosher
admitted that subsequently the Supervi
sors advertised for new bridge plans, and
his only were submitted. He testified
that in the conversation with Elwell the
Supervisors on the proposed investiga
tion were not mentioned.
No witnesses to the conversation or
money were produced by Elwell.
Attorney Lindsay asked Judge Smith to
instruct the jury to acquit, owing to the
failure of the prosecution to substantiate
the allegations. The case will go to the
jury to-morrow.
Liederkranz Celebration.
"WOODLAND. April 6.— The Liederkranz
societies of Woodland and Sacramento
will hold a joint celebration at Coil's
Grove, near this city, on Sunday, May 7.
34
MISS GIUSTI IS
IN HIGH ESTEEM
m m ISS ELEANOR GIUSTT, one of the sopranos of the Southwell Opera £'
Art Company, is a San Francisco girl and formerly played prominent ♦
/Y\ r-'-rts in the Bostonlan Company. During: her appearance here this .'
1/ ' Jl. season she lias won Well merited and hearty applause, particularly «
ia the title role of the "Black Hussar" at the Grand Opera House, £
in which p:\rt she alternated with Miss Kdith Mason. Next week ♦
she will appear in the leading part In the "Queen's Lace Handkerchief," al- •'
ternating with Miss Daisy Thorn.- Miss Giusti continues to display marked *
improvement isi voice and histrionic ability, and prom to add luster to * #
California's fame as the homf of musical geniuses,
♦
♦ *«♦'•♦••♦••♦*.♦*# ♦'•♦'•♦*•♦••♦•.♦•.♦%♦•.♦%♦%♦%♦♦.♦•.♦•. ♦ •.♦•.♦%♦!
GOLD FLOWS
FOR EMANU-EL
SISTERHOOD
Its Entertainment a I
Grand Success.
WEALTH AND BEAUTY THERE j
THE VEREIX CLUB ROOMS A
SCENE OF GAYETY.
Amateurs Score a Decided Hit as >
Minstrels — Tastefully Decor
ated Booths a
Feature.
A more fashionable or brilliant audience
has seldom, if ever, rilled the sumptuous
rooms of the San Francslco Verein than
:ha: which attended the entertainment
and ha Mar given by the Eraar.u-El Sister
hood last night for the benefit of its build
ing fund. Nearly IQGO generous friends of
the well-known organization attended the
affair, ar.d through their generosity the
society is now in possession of nearly
I3OOQ to continue, its govxi work.
Through the kindness of the members of
the verein the entire building was turned
over to the ladies, and the lat
ter were able tv> give the magnificent fete.
The interior was beautifully decorated for
the occasion by cv: Sowers, -palms and
tsiilax. which was further, enhanced by
the pretty girls, who, attirt-d in vari-col
bred costumes, sold boutonnieres and cor
sage bouquets to the guests. The men
could r.v.M resist their pleadings, and be
fore the evening's entertAinmen: was in
augurated the half dt>sen young ladies
had netted a large sum.
The flower booth was a pom in decora
tive art and was planned and earned to
completion by the Misses Fechhelmer. It
represented a bungalow and was made out
of rustic wood hedged in by palms and
decorated wi:h flying doves; calias and
hictleberry, and was entwined with
pink gauie. The booth was presided over
by Mrs. Will-am Fries and Mrs. 1_ Prey
fous, who were assisted by Mrs. Leon
Sioss. Miss Helen Hechtj Miss N. .Bach
jr.an. Miss E. S. Hecht) Miss Herman and
Miss Mabel Bauci.
The cantly booth represented a dove
cote, ami was decorated ir. nlle green.
Easter iiiifs and doves, It was tfi cuarge
v-t Mrs. Charles Oolemart, Mrs. Marcus
Koshland, Mrs. Abe Stem aad Mrs. M.
A. Gunst, who were assisted by Miss
Lewis; Miss Dolly He&neman; Mis's Pepl
UU^nthii. Miss J. C. SchwatMcSier. M:ss
Edith Mark. M.<? Florin* ii.MS, M\s*
Ktoreaee Nesst&dter, Miss ■* Rose Hccht.
Miss Elsie Biss:n..s«.r. Miss Adelheia
Hecbt; M:ss May Bachman; Miss Flor
er.ct H>::nsn aisi Miss Gertie Strass-
-
-
■
■
i
N
r .
-
■
The entertainment consisted of a min
strel first part and it achieved a marked
success. The lines were witty and were
cleverly delineated by the interlocutor. I.
1. Brown, and the end men. Lewis and
l.eon Greer.ebsurc. Manfred Brandenstein
and Jack Cathcart. The specialties were
of the best and the participants were en
thusiastically encored. They consisted of
swings by "William Hir.es. Oscar S, Frank.
!>rt \\ cii and a ventriloquist set by
Messrs. Bramlenstein and Esberg. and a
pickaninny dance by Lewis and Leon
Greenebaura. The following committee
was in chars© of the entertainment:
AVUliam Fries. Milton 11. Esberg. XL
BnusdensMa and Lewis Gre.ece.baum..
Immediately after ; the cmertaimaent
the chair? were cleared away and danc
ing followed until a late hour. The suc
cess of the affair was due to the efforts
of the officers of the Emanu-El Sister
hood, who are: President. Mrs. P. N.
LJlientbal; vice presidents. Mrs. I. Hecht
and Mr*. M. Esberg: treasurer. Mrs. 1..
Gerst'.e: secretary, Miss Vie Lidenthal.
The members of the society, who are
over a half hundred in number, also la
bored hard to make the affair a success.
The officers of the rein, who axe as fol
lows, president. William Fries: vice presi
dents. Henry St. Goar and M. E. Slossj
directors. A. E. Lurman. William 1.. Ger»
stle and Charles Sum>. acted is a recep
tion committee, and were of great aid to
the ladles.
It is the intention of the Emscnu-El Sis
terhood to soon erect a home large enough
to contain its various branches. At pres
ent it has its headquarters at ISW Fol
som street. The building is overcrowded
by a sewing class, an employment bureau,
a good citizens" club, a friendly club for
working- girls, a mothers' club, a library
and counsel rooms. The society is non
sectarian and has clone a world of good
in the south side of the city. A free Kin
dergarten at 1:22 Folsom street is also run
by the Sisterhood, and an entire building
at *1> Seventh street is devoted to the use
cf boys who are taught all kinds of man
ual labor. Other charitable work is done
by the society, and its fame has spread
_■•••■ For this reason the
people who attended last night's enter
tainment were lavish in their expen
ditures, as they desired to help the work
along.
GRAND JURY DOES
BUT LITTLE WORK
THRASHING OVER OLD SCHOOL
BOARD AFEAIRS.
Indictment Found Against P. J.
Wynn on a Charge of Obtain
ing Money by False Pre
tenses.
Yesterday's session of the Grand Jury j
was devoted almost exclusively to the j
consideration of School Department af- 1
fairs. The old straw that was gone over!
by the last Grand Jury is again being I
thrashed, but the prospects of anything j
being accomplished are very vague in- i
deed. For the past few weeks the jury's
expert has been engaged in going over
the accounts of goods and materials pur- j
chased by the old School Board, and the i
result of his investigations in this direc- j
tion was laid before the members yester
day.
The present Grand Jury ha? been in ex
istence since the first of the year, and
all that it has shown for its work is two !
or three indictments against petty of
fenders -who had escaped the clutches of
the law in the Police Courts, and as a
consequence there seems little prospect
that the coming three months will be pro- [
ductive of better results than have the
last three.
At 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
Grand Jury repaired to Judge Dainger
tield's department of the Superior Court
and tiled an indictment against P. J. '
Wynn on a charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. It apears that some time \
ago Wynn represented to a man named \
John King that he owned the stock and
fixtures of a saloon at W3 Mission street.
King agreed to purchase the saloon, and
3>aid Wynn 1145 on account of the pur- ■
chase price. After taking possession he '
ascertained that the saloon fixtures be- j
I longed to the proprietor of tfce building' j
wed that the stock of {roods consisted of!
I bottles of cold tea and colored water, j
Wynn. with his attorney, was ia court
when the indictment was filed, and gave !
1 bends in the sum of CO-X* for his release 1
from custody.
. ■
NEALI/S CASE POSTPONED.
The Illness of Judge Advocate Cap
tain Ncble Delays the Trial.
The trial of Lieutenant J. M Neaii of
the Fourth Cavalry was Dot begun at
the Presidio this morning because of the
illness of Captain Noble, judge advocate
of the* court-martial.
The hour set for the opening of the
case was 11 o'clock, and at that time all
the officers of the court and Crittenden
Thornton, attorney for lieutenant Neall,
were on hand.
Ueuter.snt Colonel Wagner called the
court to order and read a certificate from
Surgeon Thomas Raymond to the effect
that Captain Noble was too ill to pro
ceed with the case, but would be Abie
to be on hand by the 19th of the month.
A postponement to 11 o'clock on that day
was consequently ordered.
The modified enarges upon which Ueu
tenant Neall la to be tried are still kept
a strict secret by the officers of the co«trt.
ar.il Mr. Thornton, who is familiar with
them, declines to say anything in that
connection.
Big: Internal Revenue Collections,
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch re
ports the March collections for the North
ern District of California at S2TO.SI M. The
receipts for March. ISfcs. were $:<<.><> i?.
the increase this year being due to the
war tax and increase of business in Cali
fornia.
i■ m ■
Artists' materials, house and floor
paints and fine bath enamels cheap a:
S&ahora & Y&ii's* •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAX, APRIL 7, 1899.
FORSOOK HER
RECKLESS LIFE
FOR THE GRAVE
Sad End of a Young
and Pretty Woman.
IN LOVE WITH A WAITER
MARRIED. BUT NEGLECTED HIS
FAMILY FOR HER.
She Wrote a Gossipy Letter to
Her Father and Then Took a
Fatal Dose of Carbolic
Acid.
Nellie Shcehan. a young woman about
lit years of age, of i- Bartleti street, was
i found writhing on a bed in her room it
105 Stockton street last night. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital whore
her case was diagnosed as carbolic acid
poisoninf. The usual remedies were ad
: minif-tertu. but the deadly drug bad taken
its effect, and within an hour she died
and the bedy was taken to the Morgue.
Th« case of the woman is ■ somewhat
I shrouded in mystery. The hous» where
she t'.'> k the poison is located in ■what
1 miv be termed the new tender'oln. It
bears -.he name of .> lodging-nous;;, but
has its own reputation, not to »•» envied.
i The landlady would say nothing. She
claimed, as is the custom at such houses,
; that nothing was known of the *voman; |
she had simply rented a room in the
house for the night and had take;i the
poison there. The landlady had never
' seen her before, did not know her name
. or who her friends were.
When searched at the Morgue there was
■ a portion of a letter inscribed to "ray
dear father" and an American District
Telegraph Company's envelope directed
to "Billy Isaacs." The note Inside the
envelope" was almost unintelligible, but
I so much of it as could be deciphered read
; as follows:
i "If it is convenient for you to meet
I me-"
Who the Billy Isaacs referred to in the
address is can only be surmised, but there
is a man of that name who has served
irregularly as a waiter in the Seal Rock
House and at the Oberon. At the Oberon
• it was stated that Isaacs was a married
| man and his wife had given birth to a
: child about three weeks ago. He had
i been neglecting his wife for a woman
J room at lift Stockton street, whose ap
pearance answers the description of the
I woman who now occupies a slab at the
' Morg Shortly after Isaacs' child was
j born" his wife appeared at the Oberon and
| told Mr. Fisher, the proprietor, that she
j was in destitute circumstances. A collec
tion was taken up among the waiters,
i which plied enough money to pay off
t all outstanding debts and assure food for
; a few days. This is about all that is
] known of' Isaacs and his connection with
j the suicide. He is described as a hand-
I some but reckless man, hose love of the
fair ox is apt to carry him to any ex
! treme. .v"-'- : '.'■■'.
The portion of a letter found on the
' body of the dead woman throws little
j light on her or her life. It is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO March 23. 15*9.
Dear Father: 1 thought I would write you
! these few lines and let you know that I am
i back in the city aeain. I am not feeling: very
S well but I am working Just the same for
i Kcb»nwn Glove Company. Expect to po to
i Portland. Or., in a week or so. If not, I -will I
! go to Fort Bragg, in Merced County. Have you .
i heard from Bert or Oscar? If so, when you |
I write to them send them my love. I hope this I
letter will find you in good health. I saw Louis
the night before last when I came from the
depot. You taJk about "Frisco r*ir.fr slow; its
not - it with Stockton. Sacramento and
Fresno. 1 got a pair of v..:'.a footwear from
one of the drummers of cur nrrn. They are the
■ be?t thin? that ever happened for the house. I
(re>t my hair cut short again. 1 have some of |
mv pictures, but I am afraid to send one home I
because you're old lady will kick at you. so I |
will leave one at the cigar store for you. Papa, j
I am living with a prince of the .
Here the letter ends a*: abruptly as did
the life of its author. She was evidently
a woman who felt hen cast upon the
world for a livelihood and found that the
world used her roughly. The identifica
tion was made by Police Officer Fennell.
but he was neither certain of name nor ad
dress. It is supposed that the mother of
the suicide is dend. and that the "old
lady" mentioned in the letter is her fath
er's second wife.
A man representing himself to be a.
Dr. Shields snatched letters which were
found on the woman's person from Office*
Fennell as he was handling- them at the
Receiving Hospital. He then succeeded
in making good his escape, but the offi
cers axe in s?arch of him and it is proba
ble that he will be arrested to-day.
DEWIY DAY CELEBRATION.
Sons of Vermont Arranging for a
Grand Excursion on May 1.
The committee appointed by the Paci
fic Coast Association. Native Sou of Ver
mont, to prepare for the celebration of
Dewey day on May 1 in honor of the an
niversary of the admiral's victory at Ma
nila, met at the Occidental Hotel last
evening- Judge Edward Belcher presided
and stated that the celebration would
take place at Sunset Park. Wrights
station, in the Santa Cruz Mountains, and
would be an elaborate affair.
Many patriotic organizations have sig
nified " their intention to participate,
amonsT them being the Loyal Legion.
GarSeld Post. G. a R.. Daughters of the
Revolution, the Ohio Society, the Bun
ker Hill Association and other kindred
societies.
The Park hand of twelve pieces has
been engaged and the programme of the
day win include oratory, music and many
specially arranged features in commem
oration of Dewey's magnificent feat. It
is the intention of the people from the
Green Mountain State to celebrate the
event yearly and they will endeavor to
have the Ist of May set aside as a holiday
in honor of the "hero of Manila." The
proposition has also been taken up by
many organizations throughout the
State.
JOE MATTOON'S BOX OF
OOLONG THAT FAILED
CUSTOMS BROKER JOSEPH S. MATTOON is agent for several tea
importers, and as such is an expert on the fragrant herb and a lover
of the decoction brewed therefrom. Until a recent very distressing epi
sode in his career he has been in the habit Of taking his lunch in a
Slavonian restaurant in the neighborhood of the Custom-house.
Restaurant tea not being up to the standard, of Broker Mattoon's taste,
he overcame the objection by bringing to the restaurant a five-pound box
cf choice Oolong, price $1 per pound.
"Here," Spiro." he said. "I can't drink your tea: it's as good as the next,
but not good enough for me- Now, here's a box of the real choice article.
Make my pot of tea out of it every day, and when it's used up, shout, and
111 get you another."
A pot of the aromatic beverage was soon steaming on the table, and the
broker drained the cup in ecstacy with his eyes closed. ,
The next day he imparted his plan to three of his fellow-brokers and
invited them to lunch with him to taste his fine Oolong. They accepted the
invitation, but when the tea was brought they tasted it and sniffed at it
suspiciously.
"Say. Joe," said one of them indignantly. ""What kind of a rig is this
you're putting up on us? This is the real cabbage-leaf mixture."
Broker Mattoan gave one swift glance at his cup. tasted a spoonful,
spat it out, and yelled: "Here. Spire, you scoundrel! What do you mean
by giving me this stuff? Where's my te*. you rascal?"
A i waiter approached t ■ • I .
"Spiro sold out yesterday." he said.
"Where's my box of tear' roared Maltoon.
"Spiro took the boi of tea with him," replied the waiter.
It cost XI At to-.-:; three broiled birds to exact a pledge from his friends
to say nothing about the affair. But the tea story leaked, and now Mattoon
declares that it was only a pound of tea and not a box at aIL
WEDDED A FULL
HALF CENTURY
■ w P.. AND MRS. ADOLPH
All PINTO will celebrate their
/y\ golden wedding at their
W ' *. residence, 806 Vallejo
-. near Powell, next
Sunday afternoon, when
the beautiful ceremony that made
them man and wife a half century
will be repeated an>l I
. v.::; receive the
tions of their friends, as they did
when they began life's journey to
gether. Mr. Pinto was born in Ger
UTILITY MD
ART IN THIS
EXHIBITION
Will Be Held in the
Month of May.
A CALIFORNIA CLUB PROJECT
SPACE FOR ARTICLES WILL BE
FREE AS AIR.
The Artist Craftsmen of This State
Will Ec Given an Opportunity
They Have Never Had
Before.
< The : ixhibltion of Industrial Arts of
! California will be held in this city be
ginning Tuesday, May 23. That much was
decided yesterday at a meeting of the
California Club, which originated the
! idea and has worked for its success. The
I place where the exhibition will be held
' will be decided later.
I As stated in the prospectus, the object
of the exhibition is to bring articles to
gether for the purposes of appreciation
and comparison which show a unity of
utility and art. The desire Is strongly
felt by all interested to brir.g about con
ditions that will "help to reunite the ar
tist and the artisan, so often widely sep
arated by the industrial conditions of the
! C At a^raeeiing of the California Club yes
terday in the rooms of the Y. M. C. A.
building Mrs. Lovell White, the presi
dent presided, and the meeting was con
ducted by Mrs. George H. Ripley, chair
i man of the exhibition committee. J. A.
Filcher of the State Board of Trade,
which is assisting the enterprise finan
eialiv and morally, was also present to
give" the ladies the benefit of his experi
ence. Before the conclusion of the meet
ins there was adopted a schedule for the
conduct of the exhibition. It was decided
that all space should be free, the only
expen«;e on the exhibitor being the trans
portation charges, the management guar
■ anteeing to provide for the care of the ar
ticles forwarded for exhibition.
The prime condition for place in the
exhibition is that articles offered must
have been made in California within five
year« and must bear the names of both
j the designer and artisan. The exhibition
ha« invited but one critic, the public, and
i* certain that in the variety of indus
! trial arts placed before its eyes there will
« be room for nothing but astonishment.
Details and application blanks can be
had by applying to or addressing the ex-
I h'bitio'n committee of the California Club.
many in ISI7, while his wife was
born ten years later in Bohemia.
Both came to this country when
children, their parents taking up
their residence in New York. There
the couple met, loved and were
united on April 3. 1549. Just at that
time the gold ex. itement in Califor
nia was at its height and the young
couple joined the rush to the Pa
cific shores. They settled in Tuol
umne County, where Mr. Pinto was
installed ;is rabbi of the Jewish syn
agogue, there being many Hebrews
In to H< remained there
until "old Tuolumne" had p .
the zenith of its fame, and twenty
five years aero Rabbi and Mrs. Pinto
removed to this city, where -
have resided ever since. He is one
■ ■:' the oldest Masons in California,
and is highly esteemed in the order.
The couple have reared a family of
children, who will assist them at
their golden jubilee.
Y. M. C. A. building, Mason and Ellis
streets, this city.
THE PAGO PAGO CONTRACT.
The United States Transport Scindia
to Be Sent to Samoa to Guard
the Station.
Since the outbreak of war in Samoa j
the threatening attitude of the natives [
toward the white population has given
the contractors for the Pago-Pago coal- !
ing station a good deal of anxiety. |
Messrs. Healy, Tibbits & Co., wnose
contract for the erection of a wharf, coal
ing sheds, etc., involves an outlay of j
some $200,00.), were naturally concerned !
for the safety of their men and prop- '
erty. The firm has recently chartered
the British iron ship Cardigan Castle to :
take some 1200 tons of material to Sa- |
moa, and forty skilled mechanics are to j
be sent to carry out the work. The
United States armed collier Abarenda i
is to be dispatched from the East with !
the steel piling for the wharf, but as she j
cannot arrive at Pago-Pago within less j
than a month after the contractors' ;
party, there was a pleasant prospect of I.
the whole outfit being exposed to the ray- |
ages of the Tutuila natives, who have the j
reputation of being the fiercest in the j
whole group. Healy, Tibbits & Co. being 1
naturally desirous of carrying on their
business in a peaceful way— for war on
a small - &1« was not Included in the ;
specifications of their contract — made j
representations to Washington. Though i
the Philadelphia is at Apia, it is hardly !
likely that she could be spared from her !
important diplomatic work at this cen- I
tral port to protect the contractors at j
Pago Pago, some seventy miles away.
However, the news which came vester- i
day lifted a weight of trouble from the j
contractors' brows. The naval authori- ;
I ties have decided to dispatch the armtd E
I transport Scindia with a load of coal !
i to Samoa, and incidentally, while lying S
i in Pago Pago harbor, her quick
j guns will serves to protect the workmen
from native inroads. It is feared that |
the Germans, who are notoriously op
posed to the United States gaining a foot
hold in Samoa, are intriguing with the j
natives in order to induce them to op- j
pose the construction of the coaling sta- •
Uon. Hence the dispatch of the 9 India,
which has been decided upon none too
early.
The Scindia, formerly a merchant ves
sel, is a powerful steamer of 2953 tons j
register. She accompanied the lowa as
supply ship on her voyage around the
Horn, and performed her duties with
great sucess. Built as a cargo boat, she
I carries an enormous load, and in addition
has been supplied with an armament of
quick-firing guns, powerful enough to ;
! deal with any native force she may ■
I chance to meet. Since her arrival at !
San Francisco she has been docked and •
1 refitted at Mare Island, and has been put
into a condition of thorough fitness for
the long tropical voyage she is to under
take.
WANT POLK STUEZT GRADED.
Its Condition Prevents the Sutter-
Street Cars From Going to
North Beach.
The enterprising: business men on Polk
street, who arethe pioneers in this city
cf modern street illumination, are still m
the field for further progress. The paving
of Polk street from Suiter to Jackson
with bitumen stands paramount to a 11,I 1 ,
other claims for that section of the city.
This improvement is one that will not be
!ost sight of until its consummation has
been secured. Since Van Ness avenue has
been made a boulevard all traiSc leading
into the northwestern side of the city is
forced to pass along Polk street. "This
has driven pusiness -.way from that thor
oughfare and vacant houses and stores
are the consequence.
Aside from this inconvenience the north
end of the street, notwithstanding the
cutting of the "hoe's back" .-.: Green
wich street, cannot be used by the bust
ness men in reaching the commercial cen
ter of the city by the Xorth Beach route.
The obstacle which prevents light deliv
ery wagons from running over "this road
is the unevenness of the grade between
Lombard and Bay streets. The stretch
of roadway along- this line resembles the
letter W inverted. It has two sharp
points; one at Lombard and th other at
Francisco street, with a deep depression
in the center.
Until this street is graded the Poik
street car line carrot be continued to the
bay shore. The Sutter Street Company
has a franchise for this portion of the
street for a continuation of its cable serv
ice and it is willing and anxious to run
cars right through to the bay. Hence it
is that the Polk Street Business Men's
Association will urge the placing of the
street in proper condition out of next
year's tax levy.
• — +—~.
Nevada Basket Ball Team Comine.
Preparations are almost completed for
the game of basket bail to be play* be
tween teams from the University of Cali
fornia and the Nevada University at Odd
Fellows* Hall, in this city, tci-morrow
afternoon. The young ladies from Reno
Nev.. wit! arrive in Berkeley to-day a~d
will remain guests of the Berkeley ciri<
until Scsdaj- ni?hu They are a bew of
robust college girls and well up in the tac
tics of the sport. .
Mary Baker Eddy's letter to Chris
tian Scientists, in next Sundays
CalL
PRICE AND HIS
SQUAD WILL NOT
BE RELIEVED
Chief Lees Satisfied of
Their Honesty.
GUNST'S PET SCHEME FAILS
NO EVIDENCE TO PROVE AL
LEGED CORRUPTION.
The Lieutenant and His Men "Will
Continue to Harass the Chinese
Gamblers and Intimidate
Highbinders.
Lieutenant Price and his squad of of
ficers will not be withdrawn from the Chi
nese qua.; - led that they are in
nocent of the charges of corruption
brought against them, Chief Lees has de
cided not to interfere with them.
Price and his men, smarting- under the
humiliation of being charged with corrupt
practices, yesterday morning visited the
office of Chief Lees and pleaded with him j
to further relieve them of duty in the >
Chinese quarter.
•'We might have made mistakes." re- j
marked Price, who acted as spokesman
for the squad, "but I defy any one to
that we accepted a cent from the
gamblers of Chinatown. Now that my
Integrity has been assailed I respectfully
ask that myself and men be taken out of
Che Chinese quarter." .
b, after declaring his belief m ,
a honesty, told him that while he j
was inclined to grant him his request, he
concluded that it was better for tne in
terest of the department that he remain
in Chinatown. . _„
"lm satisfied that you and your men
are honest." remarked the head of the j
department, "and in face of the absurd j
charges that have been brought against
you I think it is proper for you to return
to Chinatown and continue as you aa\e
been d -  „
Price and his men then filed out of the
Chiefs office and returned to their sta
tions in the Chinese quarter.
"I am thoroughly convinced of the hon
esty of Pr bis men." remarked
Chief Lees last night. ,
gs the Chinese consul
came to me and after reviewing the nu
merous crimes In Chinatown asked that
at Price be detailed to suppress the
murderous highbinders. As Lieutenant
- in charge of the ■
-quad 1 told him 1 would think the matter
. v« r and ask- d him to call a few days
The highbinders seemed to be run
ning things with a high hand and as Eso- |
■ equal to tl n I picked
out rtve of the mo?: ID the
t and with Price as their lead
m in Chinatown after to
ting them as to their duties. That
they faithfully carried out my Insl
lions in the report of Price,
which is on rile in my office.
"I am satisfied with the work of Price
and his men and intend to keep them in
Chinatown until I see fit to relieve them.
"However. I propose to pursue my in- j
vest;- . :he alleged corruption in
the Chinese quarter, and if I fin.:
any of my men have been ace
gai - I will be
for his dismissal from the
department/]
BOTH LODGES CLOSE
THE GRAND SESSIONS
OFFICEBS WHO WILL CONDUCT
EACH FOB A YEAR.
The Per Capita Tax Beduced for This
Year — Degree of Honor to
Hold Annual Sessions.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
the Ancient Order of United Workmen
the recomendatior.s of the
finance committee th
for extension work and I&»D for the pay
ment of premiums and that the per
capita tax be reduced from $_ E
ta in July next and $1 in
January next, was adopted. The commit
tee's recomendation that the premium
be $5 for each member brought in was
. down, and the sum allowed was
i income d
A prize of 530 was awarded to Topo |
Topo Lodsre for having during the past ]
year made the best percentage of in- |
crease — S)2 per cent.
The report of Supreme Representative (
J. Taylor Rogers was ordered filed, and
the supreme representatives were re- I
quested to use their best endeavors to j
bring, about a modification of the Su
preme Lodge law which deprives a mem- |
ber of that right, which is guaranteed him
by the constitution, <:: free speech.
The sum of $150 was voted for a prize
to be a war.. to the team doing the best
ritualistic and floor work before the next i
session of the Grand Lodge.
During the afternoon James Munroe
Collins of Fresno, the grand foreman,
was elected grand master workman;
rttaries E. Snook of Oakland, grand fore
man; Dr. W. E. D. Morrison of Los An
geles. gTand overseer; Frank S. Poland !
it San Francisco was re-elected grand ' '
recorder against three opponents; Sam j
Booth of San Francisco was re-elected \
srrand receiver, as was also Dr. Barnes j
L. Mayon of Oakland as grand medical i
examiner. The retiring grand master <
workman, Juds^e George H. Bahrs, was \
by acclamation elected supreme repre- '
sentative in recognition of the work he
performed during the year he was in of- '
ice. Edwin Danfortb. and W. H. Barnes
were elected as the other two supreme
representatives. The officers were then
installed, and the new grand master ap
pointed C. E. Curtis, grand guide; j
Neild. grand inside watchman, an C
E. Yale grand outside watchman. The
srrand officers, together with John *
Hoesch. Harry J. Lask and Waiter Mai- \
ioy. who are the finance committee, were I
then announced as the corporate direct- I
ors. and after a number of speeches the !
Grand Lodge adjourned to meet in this
city next April.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
a- -.: - Grand Lodge session of the De- |
gree of Honor yesterday it was decided i
to hold annual sessions, a proposition to '
hold such once in two years being voted '
Sown. It was also decided that in .Tor- |
dinate lodges elections shall be held in \
June of each year, to be followed by in. I
staliations in July, instead of December '
and January, as in the past.
The following named were elected for;
the ensuing year: Past grand chief of !
feonor. Mrs. E. F. Ma; of Oakland; chief \
of honor. Mrs. Viola Norman of Santa I
Ana: lady of honor. Mrs. Fiora J Nay!
of Pasadena: chief of ceremonies: Mrs I
Cordelia Albin of Fresno; recorder. Mrsl I
Kate M. Poland of San Francisco ce^ \
elected); receiver. Miss Margherettef
Ohea of Alameda; usher. Mrs. Eva Booth !
at Los Angeles: inside watch, Mrs. Dora!
Vinter of tan Jose; outside watch, Mrs. \
Minnie Yale of Santa Cruz. The ffl -ers I
were installed in the evening and th !
grand lodge adjourned to meet one day I
after the Grand Lodge of the Workmen j
in such place as thai lodge shall hold its ■
next session.
The representatives to the Superior !
Lodge are Mrs. E. A. Love^ov of Ala- <
meda; Miss Marsrherette H. Ohea of Ala
ineda and Mrs. E. F. Mayon of Oakland. {
■ ♦ • ,
Breach of Promise Trial Postponed.
The breach of promise ru!t broa^ht by j
Mrs. A!ta Humphreys of Chicasro agalr^st I
C Elwood Brown, a mining engineer to '
recover $!•*>.'»> ard costs was called for I
trial in tv United States Circuit Court I
yesterday morning. Counsel for Brown '
[>Jroduc*d a physician's certificate E«tticz i
forth that his ciinet was at Plymouth, in •
1
Amador County, and unable to attend
court by reason of his suffering from dys
pepsia and intermittent fever. Judge
Morrow accordingly set the case for the
6th of June.
A QUIET WEDDING.
] Lieutenant N. C. Twining of the lowa
and Mrs. C. S. Baker Made One.
Lieutenant N. C. Twining. U. S. N., who
is assigned on the battleship lowa, was
married Wednesday to Mrs. C. S. Baker of
Washington, D. C. The ceremony to-.k
place in St. Stephen's Episcopal Church
j and was performed by the pastor. Rev.
Dr. Edgar Lion.
A pretty little romance centers around
the quiet wedding. A few days ago Mrs.
Baker arrived in this city with her broth
in-law, B. W. J. Fox, of New Wk, and
! registered at the California Hotel. She
I had crossed the continent to wed the man
! of her choice and the love match which
j originated some months ago in VVashing-
I ton had its culmination in the marriage
i yesterday. The bride was attended by
Mra L. T. Jones, a daughter of Captain
i F. M. Munger of the revenue cutter ser
vice, and the groom had Chaplain t . C.
Brown for his best man. --»• -»■
After the ceremony the bridal part> was
driven to the Palace Hotel where a wed
ding breakfast was enjoyably discussed.
Lieutenant Twining and his wife will
remain in San Francisco during the
lowa's stay in this harbor. In May the
I vessel will' proceed to Puget Sound to be
| docked and Mrs. Twining will await her
.nd's return to this city, when the
. will come back here for orders.
CREDITORS TO CONFER.
Debating the Distribution of a Po«
--sible $35,000.
The merchant creditors of the School
Department are discussing, among them
selves how they shall "divide up the
136,000 they would get by the terms of
fered last Monday by the teachers should
they accept the proposition. There are
two" classes of creditors— those whose
claims were submitted December 17 and
those made December 31. The creditors
of December 17 claim they are entitled
to first payment, and as their bills
amount to more than the 535.000, it looked
bad for the creditors of December 31 un
til a conference was decided upon.
The creditors met in the rooms of the
Board of Trade yesterday morning and
appointed a committee which will con
trst with the teachers and then with
itself to decide just how much money is
coming and how it shall be divided. The
committee is composed of the following;
Benjamin Bangs. Thomas Morton, J. A.
Snook, Harry Jones, Oscar Mores. G S.
Graham, J. E. O'Brien and J. J. O Brien.
To Limit Liability.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
and the Pacific Coast Company have pe
titioned United States District Judge de
Haven to limit the liability of the two
companies for the loss of the cargo of the
steamship Corona off the coast of Alaska
on January _ The petitioners ask
for an appraiser to fix the vaiue of the
vessel and cargo at the time of the wreck.
Military Mascot in Court.
"Walter Jones, the boy mascot i I
Kansas regiment, who had to be left at
Honolulu through sickness on the voyage
with the regiment to Manila, was I
.an yesterday, as he had been
booked for a public institution. On his
promise that he would behavs himselr
and so to school the Judge let him go.
CHRONIC
ulillUlilu
RHEUMATISM
Can be cured. You doubt it because you
have tried many different remedies with-
out obtaining the desired relief. Have
you ever tried the great vegetable reme-
dy, HUDYAN? HUDYAN has been ef-
fectually used in the treatment of Chron-
ic Rheumatism for a quarter of a century.
HUDYAN will drive out all traces of the
rheumatic poison. HUDYAN will relieve
the pain and stiffness in the Joints. HUD-
YAN will cause every symptom to dis-
appear and you will be cured. The num-
bers on the chart indicate the affected
parts. They are: "-V-
-1-1. PAIN AND
SWELLING
IN THE JOINTS.
, HUDYAN will cause
f . N. the swelling to sub-
c l "' , 1 side and the pain to
W^ieJ disappear.
\L -7?/ 2. WEAKNESS IN
V* f THE HEART. HUD-
V 1 VAN will strengthen
V the heart and cause
>5^7 i N. it -- beat ull an-1
/9 ' ' A, regularly.
I v \ 3-3. SORE AND
/ ... A I STIFF HIPS. HUD-
/ I s - •— VAN will relieve the
1 • pain and the joints
A will become free and
easily movable.
4-4. PAIN, RED-
/NES S A N D
/ SWELLING
IQ © IN THE KNEES.
r 9 V HUDYAN will re-
I lieve the pain almost
\ immediately, and
i I soon after the red-
-1 V \ ness and swelling
\ \ will disappear and
\ \ walkinsr will not be
} \ impeded.
| A \ 5-5. SWOLLEN'
/© \ © AND INFLAMED
I \^l ANKLES. HUD-
\ { \ VAN will red.: the
\ / \ j swelling and allay
\ \ ! the inflammation,
»i \ j and the pain will
/ \ W disappear.
I? f\ HUDYAN will re-
-^ L\ lieve all of the above
■>* symptoms and make
you well. You should
not delay longer.
Take HUDYAN
fore the disease becomes too far ad-
vanced. When you are cured tell your
friends what HUDYAN has done for You.
Take HUDYAN now. You can sret HUD-
YAN from your druggist at 5-Jc per pack-
age or six packajres for 52 50. If your
druggist does not keep it. send direct to
us. and we wJH.supoty you with it. RE-
MEMBER THAT YOU CAN CONSULT
THE KUDYAN DOCTORS FREE. Call
en th- doctors. You may call on them or
write, as you desire. Address
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Elis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI*
; Yon May Consult the Hudyan Dicicrs Free.
! CALL OR WRITE.
ill
th- SECOXD INSTALLMENT OF REAXi
j Estate Taxes wffl be delinquent April 11. a .
i S p. ra., after which 5 per cent will be aided.
| The office will be open :a Ito } Ma.
; oa April a.
i SATURDAY. AprU 15, pcsiUvely last day of
; receiviEg checks.
ED. I. SHESHAX.
| Saa Fraccisco. April «. 3539 l
I mt^Et VITALIS
l^Z^SSkl THE NEW
ViTAIIS s * iC =r- r-i Jm remedy!
c4J"'LfefS: " 3 * v «^« ?=*»«» **i l- «f«ii
Z^J^C^L - « r -* VITAU >»
Ciic.ci CCr£ Co!T»M CV««*
__Sel4_by Owl Dreg Co.. S. F. aad O»k-*r>a.
j Weak Men and Women
| CBOCIO use camusa miif XSCB
I V? treat Ueccan resaMiy; g.\t» ;j-v-3 ***
i Krw*tH to mxual ecsu*. Depot. ■ «■*»DESIGN OF THE NEW
TRAINING SCHOOL.
The New Building Soon to Appear on Yerba Buena, Alias "Goat Island."
WHEN Congress last May appropriated $100,000 for the erection of a Naval Training School
on this const Yerba Buena Island was selected as the site best suited for the purposes
of such a school, and C;iptajn Henry Glass, who has commanded the Texas and Charles
ton, waa s the Commandant of the school. Captain Glass is one of the most ex
rs in the service and for the past three months he has been busy at work
preparing - rection of the buildings that are to compose the training school. The
contract for I ■■■ erection of the school was awarded to Campbell & Pettus of this city,
and the work will be commenced ihis week. Already much has been done toward getting the
irf has been completed and the beach roadway built.
The mar. building, as the picture shows, is unique, especially as regards its interior design.
It is sm ' "m'nine qnany of the characteristics of a ship. It is the first building
that the ant has constructed upon modern barracks principles, and it is the first devised
irs. The structure is classical in its design, especially so for a
• •. > of architecture used is attractive to the eye. It is three hundred
. its main part containing the large drill hall on the lower floor, with a
• \ deck above extending the entire length of the building. There are wines at
. !ding sixty feet wide, and which extend a hundred feet to the rear. These
mess hall, kitchen, hagroom, bathroom, lavatory, dressing-room, drying-room,
m, library and offices. The .entire interior of the building is open to the roof," and there
pt the gallery, twelve feet wide, which extends all abound the' hall. All
ments have been carefully studied out with the single view of conforming as much
the routine of life on ship.
GOOD MONEY IS
OFFERING FOR
REAL ESTATE
Business Properties
Have the Call.
THREE BIG SALES RECORDED
SOUTH OF MARKET BUSINESS
LOTS HELD AT HIGH FIGURES.
De Young, Sloss and Rudolph
Spreckels Have All Bought and
Will Erect Modern Build
ings Shortly.
• nt ar.d prospective, with
and other of San Fran
■: neighbors is already
volume and effect in the
agencies about town. The
fortnight has Been a radical change
in the feelii.g of local investors and has
marl-.' Itatlon in the values
A number of big
: drd on the
b tally sheet and more are in ne
tion, with every promise of culmi
ilances are struck on Sat
• night.
Although residence properties have not
. on the market, business prop
first choice, and this week
; rd has been fixed at nfty-vara
it a hundred thousand apiece, with
:'.'< ring for properties that
have not yet been thrown on the market.
;rict has been the
. • action, and if indications
count for anything, south of Market
erity as a commercial
■ i. The two heaviest
iHve been of properties in
. In line of traffic that will
when tnf- Santa Fe has established
its Western t-rminus at the foot of Spear
M. H. <le Young has become the owner
■fty-vara lot at the northeast corner
.Mission streets, which was
riv the property of the estate of
deceased. The price
■ md a ••> mpetent au
real estate world says it
:-! r. de Young to erect
stantial six-story building upon the
n as he can return from the
his ]>la.ns drawn. It te
thi time he loft on his
rip Mr. de Young had had
■ :■• >m prospective tenants, but it
la known, too, that the Schmidt Label
Company is looking for a more commo
modern building, and that the
liaktr & Hamilton people have bee:;
ing a a more favorable location
in the line of future trade, and wise ones
on tb are predicting that Mr. de
be prevailed upon to build to
!her one or the other
of the two big firms.
In . the movement south of
- Jr. was yesterday
i hundred thoU
' ira lot at
the corner of Fremont and Mission.
rty is at j ni cupled by
l lumber mill and is owned by the Joshua
Machine Works and Alfred O.
• 'is were all ready ;■ •
Nut a defect in one of the
, Btponed the- signing
of thi -day. It is said
that Mr. Sl< BS < uitemplates the erec
f a big factory on his new property,
the ti ansactlon refuse
p'-rrr;. publish their future plans
late. The negotiations were <ar-
Mrough by Bovee, Toy & Sonntag.
the most notable transfer of
rffect^d by Shainwald,
in the sal^ of a piece of
rty 74:i)Xi:i7:6 on the north line of
•, above Powell, to Ru
. The purchase price was
The lot sold begins at a point Ift7:6
■well. It has a 74:6- foot
: an "L" CixOii feet on Elmwood
Ic. Mr. Sprrckels intends to
i modern stone and steel store and
office building on his property as soon as
preliminary arrangements
Th» lot was purchased
from the Hammersmith estate.
Thomas McGee is just at present nego
tiating the sale of the Solby 50-vara lot
at the corner of Main and Mission streets,
but the principals decline to state who
• buyer is or what the
price, but they admit that the sale is in
line with the general movement of the
•yard the water frcii;
and south of Market.
A. M. Speck & Co. have also got in with
th<- latest flurry and have two of the blg
dealfl uf thf- month going, one com
tiding an expenditure of $70 ■•oo th<
other $225,000 Both Bales are in thf busi
nd at present promise to
to a successful Issue in the near
future.
Io speaking of the remarkable recent
demand for high-priced business proper
ties, a prominent operator on the street
said yesterday: "I don't agree with s.>me
of my confreres that all this activity is
brought about by the few inches of rain
that have been sowing smiles among the
farmers. These properties have not been
j bought as a speculation but as solid in
vestments and by the coolest-headed
business men of the city. It does not
mean a boom; it simply 'means that the
business fraternity is alive to the enor
mous growth of Asiatic and trans-Pacific
j trade that is already making Itself felt.
I It means that the wholesale district Is
going hack as near to the water front
and the shipping centers as it can get,
and that instead of encroaching upon the
: district as it has of late years, it
Ing to spread scuth of Market in as
1 narrow a line as it may along the front.
I It is an actual fact that it is easier to
' clay to sell a pi?ce of prcperty at 8100 000
i than a piece at $5000. It is solid invest
ment, not sp?culation. and means the dis
-1 tricting of San Francisco's wholesale dis
trict just as the wholesale districts of
■ other big towns of the country are dis
tricted."
SALE? MADE LAST WEEK.
The following sales were made by Ea.-t ->n.
Eldridge <fe Co. last week:
i South of Market street property, near Ninth;
. R2OO.
Improved property near First and Mission;
Varant nronerty on Seventh avenue, near
Presidio, E^xlM; !-
Natoma-^treet property, near Second, 73x80
feet; i
Beale-street property, near new depot; JooDO.
Brick building on Sacramento street, near
Kearny, 43:6x159:9 feet; ?
Investment property on Clementina street,
near Fourth. 2. r ,xS;, ; CMC
Residence south side Washington street, near
Wolster; J7ooi\
WILL BUN AND JUMP.
Tenth. Field Day of the Academic
Athletic League Will Be Held
Saturday at Berkeley.
The tenth semi-annual field day of the
Academic Athletic League of California
will be held on Saturday, April S, on the
cinder track of the University of Cali
fornia at Berkeley, commencing at 2 p. m.
A larger number of entries has been re
ceived for the various events than in any
former year and a close contest for first
i place is expected. The following entries
j have been made:
TRACK EVENTS.
Special event, 100-yard dash, junior, for
Grammar School boys; first heat— Clark, Berke
ley, G. S. ; Ferem, San Francisco, G. S. ; Vos
burg, San Francisco, G. S. Second heat —
Nordwell, San Francisco, G. S. ; Kennedy, San
Francisco, G. S. ; Morse, San Francisco, G. S.
100-yard dash— First heat— Abadie, P. H. S. ;
Manor. L. H. S. ; Jacobus, P. H. S. : Hawley.
P. A. H. S. Second heat— Stanley, P. H.;
Saunders, L.. H. S. ; Holman, U. H. S. ; Need
bam. C. H. S., Toni. S. H. S.
440-yard da^h— Kidd, L. H. B.; Lyons, L. H.
E . Kargent, A. U. A.; Kendall, C. H. S. ;
Hartley, B. H. S. ; Williams, C. H. S. ; Hol
man, U. H. S.; Sturtevant. U. H. S. ; Cado
gan, O. H. S., and Spencer, B. H. S.
120-yard hurdle race— First heat— Thomas, U.
H. 8.; Jorgennon, L. H. S. ; Cheek, O. H. S.
Second heat— Taylor, S. R. H. S. ; Sumn. : >'
H. S. Third heat— Hendrickson, C. H. S.,
and Boles. Pet. H. S.
Half-mile run— Williams, C. H. S.; Craigr.
C. H. S.; Butler. S. ; McCarthy. C. S. M. A.;
Karmeltnski. L. H. S. ; Woods. B. H. B.J
Girvin. B. H. S. ; Thomson. V. 11. S.; Wyckoff.
U. H. S. ; Druhe. O. H. S. : Frederick. O. H.
B ; I'shurn. P. H. S. ; Dobbins, B. H. S. ; Cos
tello. P. A. H. B.
tX-yurd dash— First heat— Jacobs, P. H. S. :
Boettlger. B. H. S. ; Kendall. C. H. S. ; Hen
ley, U. H. S.; Wilcox, O. H. S. Second heat—
• adcigan, O. H. S. ; Carleton, C. H. S. : Stan-
P H. S. ; Chlpchaae, C. S. M. A.; Hawley,
P. A. H. H.; Manor. L. H. S.
i'2o-yard hurdle race— First heat— Moulder,
P. H. S.; Sturtevant. U. H. S. ; Finn, C. S.
M. A Second heat— Chaplin, B. H. S. ; Jorgen
»on, L. H. S.; Bolles, Pet. H. S. Third heat-
Cheek. O. H. S. ; Kruschke, B. H. S.
One mile run— Hursh, L. H. S. ; Stipp, U. H.
S. ; Wyckoff, V. H. S. ; Evans, P. H. S. ;
Clough. O. H. B.; Druhe. O. H. S. ; Gtllman,
P. H. B.: McMahon, P. H. S. ; Woods. B. H.
B.; Bpencer, B. H. B ; Dobbins, B. H. S.
i One mile walk— Williams, U. H. S. ; Gleason.
L. H. S. ; Karniellnski, L. H. S. ;. Trost. I B.
M. A.; Clifford. S. Rl. H. S. ; Frederick. O.
, H. B.; Parks. Pet. H. S.. and Merrill. B. H. S.
Relay race between teams of six from Poly
-1 technlc, Luwell, Berkeley and Oakland High
echoole.
FIELD EVENTS.
: Pole vault— Belden, L. H. S. ; Taylor S R
H. S. ; Thomas. U. H. S. ; Jacobus, O. H. S. ;
: Stipp. U. H. S.; Xeedham, C. H. S. ; Uarr,
ii i M. A.j Curt!*. M T M. A.; Slavioh, O.
11. S.. and Uirvin, B. H. S.
High Jump— Henley, U. H. S. : Thomas. U.
H. B ; Taylor. S. K. H. S. ; Carleton, •' 11 S. ;
Cooley. O. H. S. ; Cheek, O. H. S. ; Kruschke.
B. H. S.
Throwing the hammer— Estes, S N. S. ;
NuckolU, U. H. S. ; Bruwn. 0. H. B.; Ron
kendorf, P. H. ; Slavich. O. H. S. ; Volz. B. H.
s ; Merrill. B. H. S.
Broad Jump— Lyons. L. H. S ; Henley, U. H.
S. ; H.linan, U. H. S. : Carleton. C. H. S. ;
Minor. M. T. M. A.: Cooley. O. H. S.; Cado
gan, O H. S.; Abadie, P. H. S. ; Chaplin, B.
1 H. S.
Putting 12-pound shot— Nuckolls, Jj. H. S. ;
Kidd L. H. S.: Hendrickson, C. H. S. Osbuin
P. H". S. ; Ronkendorf. P. H. ; Fautz. B. U. A.:
Hawley. P. A. H. S.: Scales, M. H; SUvich
O H. S. : Volz. B. H. S ; Boettiger, B. H. S.
The abbreviations used are as follows: A.
H. S.. Alameda High School; A. U. A., AU
meda University Academy; B. S.. Belmont
Schwol; B. H. S., Berkeley High Sch .
U. A.. Boone'B University Academy; C S M
A.. California School of Mechanical Arts; C.
H S. Central High School of Oakland; H. S..
Hoitt's School; L>. H. S., Lowell High School;
M H Manzanlta Hall; M. T. M. A.. Mount
Tamalpais Military Academy: O. H. 8., Oak
land High School; P., Peralta Hall; Pet. H S .
Petaluma High School; P. H. S.. Polytechnic.
HlKh School; P. A. H. S.. Palo Alto High
School; S. J. H. S.. San Jpse High Schooi; S.
P.I H P.. San Rafael Hitch School; S. Ii H
S., Santa Rosa High School; S N. S , Nor- I
mal School of San Jose; S. M. B . St MaltheWl
School; B H S., Stockton High School: 8.,
Selbourne School: U. H. S.. Uklah High School.
Points in the above events are count
follows: First place, 5; second place. 3; third
place, 1. Relay race, first place, 10; second
place, 6, and third place, 2.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
The training ship Pensacola, which was brought down from Mare Island ten days ago, is
now anchored off Yerba Buena Island. Captain Glass has established his headquarters on this
ship and Is now busy superintending the enlistment of naval apprentices and matters pertaining
to the building of the Training School. He said yesterday that the school would be completed by
September. There are to be built a number of officers' quarters. Until they are completed Captain
Glass and the seven officers who are to be his assistants in the direction of the affairs of the
schcol will continue to live aboard the Pensacola. In speaking of the school Captain Glass said:
"When it is finished it will be in every particular as nearly perfect as money and experi
ence can make it. The school will meet all requirements and it will be equal to the Training School
at Newport. A new impetus has been given to the naval system of training boys to become 'the
men behind the guns," especially since the importance of good marksmanship was shown at
Majiila and Santiago, where the economy of all the money that had been spent in teaching the
young idea how to shoot was so tellingly emphasized. Nearly all of the men who sighted the
ordnance of the battleships and cruisers with such terrible effect that the entire Spanish force
afloat was annihilated in two battles, each of short duration, had been graduated from the appren
tice training ships. With tho prospect of an enlarged navy the necessity for drilling men-o'-war.'s
men from youth to maturity has materially increased, and the Navy Department has lost no
time in expanding its well-proven system to meet the demand."
Captain Glass reports that apprentices are rapidly enlisting. The training ship Adams which
recently left on a nve months' cruise, carried 160 boys, and tha Mohican will also leave' in the
near future for a cruise nnd will carry all the boys that have been enlisted up to that time The
Pensacola will remain here permanently as the receiving ship, and it is on board this ves«e'l that
all applicants have to appear to be examined.
PRONOUNCED A
CLEVER PIECE
OF STRATEGY
Huntington's Move in
Guatemala.
DISCUSSED BY RAILROAD MEN
HAS THE WHIP HAND OF HIS
RIVALS. '
Will Be in a Position to Get a Larger
Proportion of Business and to
Fix transcontinental
Rates.
Railroad men and shippers were large
ly engaged yesterday in discussing
the latest project of C. P. Hunt
ington to control the railroad situ
ation of the continent by means
of the Guatemala Railroad, as re- I
Mated in The Call. It was generally con- I
ceded that the magnate's scheme to op- I
crate a transportation line between the i
Atlantic and Pacific seaboards by way of
Guatemala would give him almost abso
ii U A te ,£ O M rol of tf ? e rate B »uation and that
r^nf*i com P el the all-rail transconti
nental lines to make any rates "hat he
hls g »- iCta - If they went counter to
his wishes he would be in a position to I
REV. F. G. TYRRELL
MAY LOCATE HERE
West End Christian
Church After a Dis
tinguished St. Louis
Divine.
THE West End Christian
Church of San Francisco and
the First Christian Church of
Chicago are engaged in a
friendly but spirited rivalry.
Both are anxious for Rev. F. G.
Tyrrell, at present pastor of the
Central Christian Church of St.
Louis, to fill their pulpits, with the
chances of each about even. Rev.
Mr. Tyrrell is a young man, a native
of California and a graduate of the
I niversity of California, who start
ed out to practice law. but decided
to follow In the footsteps of his
father and preach the gospel. In the
nine years he has been pastor of
the St. Louis church Rev. Mr. Tyr
rell gathered together a big congre
gation and built up a reputation as
an eloquent pulpit orator, which re
sulted in his receiving a call from
Chicago as soon as his intention to
resign his pastorate became known
in the Windy City. Rev. Mr. Tyr
rell's reason for severing his connec
tion with the Central Church is his
desire to work in other fields offer
ing larger opportunities. Ho believes
it is not well either for the church
or pastor for the latter to remain
long in one pulpit.
While the West End Church has
not extended a formal call to the St.
Louis divine, the board of trustees
is anxious to secure him as pastor to
succeed the Rev. Dr. Gardiner, who
resigned last September on account
of ill health and is now in Honolulu.
The trustees fear that the church
may not be able to offer sufficient
inducements to a man whose reputa
tion is such that he can practically
name his own price, but Mr. Tyrrell
is coming to San Franclscu during
summer and will hold a protracted
meeting under the auspices of the
put in a rate by way of Guatemala that
would give him all the- business that
could boar transportation by that route,
and he would not need to lose any money
in the undertaking. The long water haul
will enable him to put rates where no
competitor other than the clippers that
go around Cape Horn will he able to
touch them.
The contract of the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company with the Panama Rail
road Company has less than two years
to run, and by the time it expires Hunt
ington will have his Guatemala road from
the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Coast
in shape for operation.
Those who are familiar with Hunting
ton's methods no not believe he will wield
his powerful influence in the interests of
low rates, hut will use his cheap trans
portation facilities for the purpose of
compelling his railroad rivals to give up
to him a larger share of business than he
now receives.
As a result of Huntington's severance
of connection with the Panama line it is
highly probable that the latter will re
sume operations on an independent basis
between the Pacific Coast and the At
lantic, suc-h as it was successfully car
rying on before its aggressiveness forced
the Pacific Mail into entering upon the
present arrangements.
Another motive for this latest stra'getic
move of Huntington lies- in the fact that
it will give employment to his Newport
News shipyards, as the new route will
require several large steamers.
TO REPRODUCE DAWSON.
Gigantic Enterprise of a Company of
Klondike Capitalists.
Robert Blei. general manager of the
Klondike-Yukon Paris Exposition Com
pany, arrived in this city yesterday from
Dawson. The company of which Mr. Blci
Is the general manager is incorporated
with a capital of $1,000,000, the most of
which has been subscribed by leading citi
zens of Dawson. Its object is to repro
duce the city of Dawson at the Paris Ex.
position, or Just outside the exposition
grounds. Every building in the northern
mining city will be faithfully reproduced
full size and every feature of life Includ
ing mining operations, will bo shown Mr
Blei starts for Paris to-day, and when he
gets the work fairly started will return to
this country. He is taking but twenty
five men with him. but expects to employ
at least 1000. Two hundred Indians and
500 dogs will be taken over to give the
city a true local coloring. Gold dust and
Klondike nuggets will be sold in the
transported city.
church. He will spend several
months in California attending a
reunion of the Tyrrell family at
Ferndale and resting from his la
bors. His resignation of his present
pastorate takes effect about the Ist
of June. It is relieved that Mr. Tyr
rell prefers the Pacific Coast to the
East, and from the tone of his let
ters to the trustees of the West End
Church the latter are hopeful that
they will be able to meet his terms.
They have been in correspondence
with him for several months in re
gard to his proposition to hold a
protracted meeting in this city in
August, but it was not known until
a day or two ago that he had re
ceived a call from Chicago. Upon
receipt of that information the
trustees immediately wrote to Mr.
Tyrrell requesting him not to accept
the call until he heard from them
further. Mr. Tyrrell is at present
in Chicago.
The Rev. Mark "Williams is tem
porarily occupying the pulpit.
THE SCOTCHMAN
AS A HUMORIST
AND AS A LOVER
Second of lan Mao
laren's Lectures.
PECULIARITIES OF THE RACE
APPRECIATE A JOKE IF GIVEN
TIME TO DIGEST IT.
Various Kinds of Humor Character
istics of Different Nations Enter
tainingly Defined by the
Novelist.
"The humor of the Scot and the senti
ment" were described in a most enter
taining manner by Dr. John Watson (lan
Maclaren) before a large and apprecia
tive audience at the California Theater
last evening. Barring a habit of lowering
his voice at the close of a sentence Until
the linal two or three syllables are in
audible and his hearers have to guess
at them, the noted author has a pleasing
delivery and is careful to avoid too much
dialect, except when reading from his
works.
Lan Maclaren has made the character- '
istics of his countrymen, a life study I
that is evident even more from his lectures
than his books; and while he is quick \
to discern the difference in their natures i
from the traits of other peoples, he does
not hesitate to draw comparisons, firm- :
ly believing that the Scots will not suffer '
by the showing. Nor do they.
Born under the dull, gray clouds and !
nurtured by the strong east winds he ;
said it was not surprising the Scotch took
their humor seriously, it might take a !
Scotchman twenty-four hours to give a '
jest the consideration he deemed it neces
sary, but if he finally became convinced :
that it was a jest nobody would do it
greater honor than he.
Humor, said the lecturer, covers a very
wide held, and its different phases are ■
characteristic of different nations If ■
one sought the most delicate flower of
humor, one must go to France. The
light, effervescent humor of the Paris
ian was the acme of wit. At the samp
time humor is it really safe to c^ll
wit numor ;
"What 1 mean by wit is this: Two men
were riding together one day through
Pans. One was exceedingly bright and
clever while the other was correspond
ingly dull. As is usually the case the lat
ter monopolized the conversation The
talk of the dullard had become almost
unendurable, when his companion saw a
man on the street far ahead yawning—
not the polite, smothered yawn of society
but a good, large gape, with no attempt
whatever at concealment. 'Look,' ex
claimed the first man, 'we are overheard '
"That story divides the sheep from the.
goats. I was telling it once to a Scotch
lady, who remarked: 'How could they
have been overheard at that distance 0 '
'Madam.' I replied, 'that never occurred to
me before.'
"I am sorry to say we have no claim to
wit, nor to John Bull humor, which is
fun. With a stroke of fun an English
speaker will please an entire audience i
Had our own people the sense of fun our I
liv< s would have been better and our re- !
ligion belter. Nor do the Scotch lay any
claim to that irresistible humor called
drollery of our Irish friends.
"The humor of the American people is
hard to class, it is so varied; but there
is still another kind of humor that is most ■
intellectual and ironical, and irony is the
humor of the Scotch. Irony is not genial; i
what I plead for irony is that it is
strong."
The different kinds of humor were il- j
lustrated in an inimitable manner by the '
speaker, and after he had exhausted the :
subject he turned to the sentimental side i
of the. Scot, reading many passages from I
his own works to bring out the strong do- ;
mesilc affections and the intense love of
home of his people.
Floral and plain crepe, tissue paper,
flowers 'and lamp shades cheap at San
born & Vails. •
Joel Chandler Harris «
Begins a New Series of His Fa- $
fmous $
"BRER RABBIT" STORIES %
In Next Sunday's Call. ®
O
THE EMPORIUM.
4t
a^^^a ' The Hindoo Sun Worshipers J
SF~ w^° arrived from Lahore, «
m![Mm§!\w\ I India, on the Nippon Mam last ♦
Vl^^r^ fa<^wtimliwM/' Tuesday — the only people of*
.^ "bW^ OJ^^Cif tne^ r sect n America — will be
_^^Jte==== - n this store all day Friday J
i and Saturday. Don't fail to J
« fljirlr see these extraordinary people. *
~ -* " - A/af« ais/^, near rotunda. *
.■— — • <*
si?K^'i(j Gwr Wlll[ BMnAff^BH Sift Jl Sew* for the
itta, the favor- I [|f|B v||[| Wfl Emporium
tie operatic so- II WMM* an( | vM Economist, cwl
prano,vill sing P ~ Ool«f<enlfcule Bazaar. ( fully illustrated +
a' Saturday : ■, 1 - Spring Cata- *
Slight Concert. oiuforsms u^cut-ame/ucss gtWcvest store logue. «♦
/^? • or~~7^0 r ~~7^
/7 - ALL-DAY *
// *s&£c/al Sales — >V^ j
Biggest House-Furnishing Goods Sale of thej
year. 7"lie Feist Stock, bought by us at 50c *
Off tffie dollar. New lines replace those which
are daily snapped up by the eager buying crowds. %
Better Bargains than ever to-day and Saturday. J
For Friday— A Splendid For Bargain Friday Only. *
Hdk'f Bargain. Men's Hats, 75c. 5
Did you see the Easter Bells made of ; lien's Fedora ' .^^ -^
handkerchiefs that formed part of our j Hats, like pic- ./f^**^Z j^\ *
Easter display in the main aisle? Well, i ture, in two y' ' jft *
the 25 dozen Sheer Lawn Scalloped Em- ! colors — cedar _1 _ ,^SJM "**
broidered Handkerchiefs that it took to j and dark brown ft^'% "' " I_JJ--L~~v *
make those bells (the 12^c kind) are j -popular spring x^^^l—e-^J*"^ *
slightly soiled and creased can't go shapes: regular 2,
back in stock— so we offer them to-day, i sizes 6% to 7% — just six dozen — while the
each 8g \ lot lasts to-day (Friday), each 75c
{Only 2=, dorm — the lot won't la'tt long). j *
. Friday Another Price-Cutting of*
'Bargain Friday Offering in Best Percales. ?
Children's ShOeS. Standard Percales-the well-known ?
Children's Black and "Merrimac" and "Windsor" makes-fully
Chocolate Viet Kid Button F~^r— . 36 inches wide ~ best l2 * B ood3 in the *
Shoes, like picture— fancy 9 F? market-colors light and medium— «*
dotted silk cloth vesting f •"-';&''-'/ the kind for waists, dresses and wrappers ♦
tops, turned sewed soles, \ : ''-l[: : \ "~ not a bad piece amon g them . and rice 2
spring heels, a neat, dressy : % : \ for day only, per yard 7 A C J
fco?^- . /^^M \ 7 °- CDaV ' S UnUSUaI Offering m%
lany at $125; J^Lo> Drapery Material.
special for Fn- _^if J*^^ ~ nn , ~ „ ™
day only at C—jLssz* l^ ' °^ yards first grade Silkoline Drapery *
79G one yard wide — 8 colorings — white and ♦
— pink, whits and green, chocolate and *J
tA Housing Friday "Bargain in pink, and blue and white— will be offered"
_ v ._'__, _ " i special all day Friday at, per yard So 2
Satin Duchesse, I
To more thoroughly introduce our special j Fo r Balance of \Veek These *
make of Black Satin Duchesse that sails „_,_,_,_,__ c^—^s^g^ "f
regularly at $1.50 the yard. This fabric btrOCßry &p£&SZiIS. *
made expressly for dress skirts, and is an : Fancy Creamery Butter- %
extra value at $1.50. It is a soft, heavy ; Full-weight 2-lb _^ *
and good-wearing cloth, with superb fin- S q U3r 33 for bal- / sj ct v^ S^~. \ ♦
jsh. We will place on sale a limited ; an ce of week.... /^^/wvi/y^^,:'! *
quantity of these goods to-day (Bargain , 4-OG I &UVV£^l <~C*j:'&l1l
Friday) only at, per yard $1.17 Postum Cc- k fg?y '^y-^C-J *
real — makes \^?.^-^ J^- ." *
gain Friday — Latest Style "red blood"— * 4
a ■«,_„<„ C»fl*- Ca'ih/c i large 25c packages for three days..foC «
Liberty Silk Scarfs. £ oyal A^ n Tlb!e Cherries-600 cans of I
20 dozen latest style Liberty Silk extras — regularly 20c a can — while sup- ♦
Scarfs— a good quality— 2 yards long, ; ply lasts 150 each, or 7 cans for $1 *
with fancy tucked ends— choice assort- | Van Houten's Cocoa— }><;-lb cans — re m- ♦
ment of co'orings, comprising: i larly 48c can — for 4-2 C *
Lavender Blue White | "Pio Sloro" Pure Olive Oil at the low- 2
Cream Mais Pink | esfc prices eyer made jn gan Francisco— J
Regular value 50c and 75c each— to- j Gallon, regularly $2, for $1.75 *
ay ..f. 33c Half gallon, regularly $1.10, for .. 90c 4
a '
Bargain Friday' Great Offering in For B i lance of Week, J
Table Linens. Liquor Specials. *
Table Linens— two superior qualities— " " *
one grade a heavy undressed German \ Champion Bourbon Whiskey, 5 years*
linen, pearl bleached-the. other an un- old > fuil uart bottles - regularly $1 each.. J
bleach?J, Irish make— both 60 inches •••••• •••: •_" n" Z»C *
w.de-our leaders at 45c yard-on sale % Sherry Wme, our <nc per gallon qual- J
all this day only at 32c ltv ' for balance of the week 53c J.
all this day only aw... ........ -J^t, Genuine A v . H. Van Hoboken Gin, I
Don t overlook this Item if you large black bottles, for 2 days, each *
need table linen. ." $1.4-5 *
BAD FOR THE HARES.
Two Big Stakes Will Be Run Off on
Saturday and Sunday at Union
Park.
The Union Park Coursing Association
held its weekly drawing Wednesday. The
feature for Saturday is an open stake
with eighty entries, and what is termed
an extra stake with thirty-two entries.
The draw was as follows:
Extra stake, thirty-two dogs-T. A. Gaffney s
B ; r John Arnott vs. S. McCullough's Flashing
La*s- E. W. Huffy 1 s B B vs. Rincon Kennels
H-ird Lines; Aeneld Kennel's Maid ot Erin
vs b Wood's (names) Blai-k Night; Kay &
Trant's Eclipse vs. E. N. Kellogg's Lady Gil
more; J. Murnane's Miss Dividend vs. J. Mc-
Cormick's White Tip; Handy & Smith B Ben
Bolt vs. J. O'Dowd's Mission Tip: Handy &
Smith's Dauntless vs. Lord & Herbsts Revol
ver- O J. Olsen's Sunburst vs. E. Haumeister's
■Winning Ways; J. Hering's St. Elmo vs. E.
Fitzpatrick's Free Stiver Boy; G. H. Bur
feind's Pastime vs. P. Ward's Ruth Ashmure;
J Murnane's Valley Maid vs. Hurley &
Reilly's Richmond Queen; P. Ward's Banner
Bearer vs. Hurley & Reilly's Expense; J.
O'Dowd's Clifton Lass vs. T. Sullivan's Maid
of the Hill; J. O' Shea's Mary Ann vs. J.
Mazzlnl's Litt!i> Dorritt; Aeneld Kennel's Van
Knapp vs J. Me< "nrmiok's Woodbine: S. Mc-
Cullough's Magdalla vs. George Lahusen's
Wheel of Fortune.
Open stake, eighty dogs— J. Deane's Conne
mara vs. F. McComb's Flush: Yosemlte Ken
nel's Lamplighter vs. George Bharmen's Walt
a Little; W. F. Hobbs 1 Mercy May vs. Cap
tain Clarkson'a Conqueror: J. Keenans Pear
Hot vs J Keenan's Royal Buck: Pasha Ken
nel's Metallic vs. J. O" Shea's Tiger Lily; F.
Moran's Golden Russett vs. Pasha Kennel' s
Firm Friend; Handy & Smith's Jennie Wi!s..n
vs I. F Haltons Tic Tac: J. Byrnes Battle
ship vs. E M. Kellogg's lowa Girl: F. Moran's
False Flatterer vs. Milo Kennel's Rock Island
Kins: J. Byrnes Nellie B vs. S. E. Portals
Bonnie Scotland; F. Moran's Snapshot vs.
Pasha Kennel's Emln Pasha: Handy & Smith's
Pctronius vs. J. H. Perrigo's Belle Seward;
Pasha Kennel's Sylvia vs. G. H. Burfelnd's
Hr.yal Prize; Russel & Wilson's Ladj Emma
vs. J. O'Shea's Young America; E. M. Kel
logg's Kid McCoy vs. Curtis & Son's Luxor;
John Kerrigan's St. Gertrude vs. Courtney &
Hoar's Douplass: Handy & Smith's Victor vs.
Russell & Wilson's Lady Herschelt; J. Byrne's
Eleven Spot vs. J. Byrne's Olympus; Yosemlte
Kennel's Beauty Spot vs. Yosemlte Kennel's
Wild Lassie: H. A. Deckelman's Glen Roy
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Mira Mome: J. Keen
an's Flylnc Buck vs. Pasha Kennel's Rod of
Ash: E. Baumeister's O'Grady vs. i 'urtis &
Son's Blackette; Daley & Siebein's The Exile
vs. Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady; .1.
Maher's Soubrette vs. D. Hoopers Koolawn:
H. Smith's Lottie M vs. Rincon Kennel's
Swedish; Al Austin's Trinket vs. J. Mazzinis
Beau Peep; J. Farley's Mystic vs. William
Fengler's Van Imp; Lowe & Thompson's Scot
tish Chief vs. James Deane's Gladiator; Den
nis & Porter's Interesting vs. P. J. O'Donnell's
Swinnerton: H. Lynch' s Mystic Maid vs. A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan; J. Kerrigan's Lalla
Rookh vs. T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle; J.
I >cn ne's Moondyne vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal; J. O'Shea's Burning Shame vs.
Milo Kennel's Victor King: Curtis & Son's
Maud S vs. Handy & Smith's Victor Queen;
A. Masaey's Hadiwist vs. H A. Deckelman's
Lawrence; J. Byrne's Mohawk vs. J. O'Brien's
Statesman; F. A. Mcl'omb's Royal Flush vs.
E. EvaU's Vigilant: J. Farley's Rosalind vs.
J. Beg-gerson s Candelarla; C. F. Brown's Nida
vs. Daley & Siebein's Shylock Boy; G. J.
Pinario's High Fiver vs. Handy & Smith's
Ida.
The prizes are numerous, the total
amount to be divided among the respec
tive winners being $ ( .tt2 50.
Was Not a Burglar.
Vivian Coleman, the woman accused by
A. W. Stern, a stationer at 1154 Golden
Gate avenue, of having broken into his
sister-in-law's room December 8 last and
stealing- $£,">, was discharged from cus
tody by Acting Judge Barry yesterday.
The Judge severely scored Stern for
bringing such a charge against her with
out the slightest evidence to support it.
THE EMPORIUM.
LARGE SUMS TO LEND
On Undivided Interests on Estates.
Real Estate on Probate.
Reversionary and Life Interests on Real and
Personal Property.
Annuities and Legacies.
Or will buy outright.
Life Insurance Policies bought or loaned on.
Patents sold on favorable terms, and capital
procured to develop and perfect meritorious
inventions or ideas.
Amounts from
$10,000 to $500,000
Available for investment on Mortgage or
Revenue Producing Securities.
For terms and particulars address.
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong: As««rtionn as to Jnst What
the Remedies Will Do.
-.yCgax Munyon guarantee*
• •SbWw**^. that hls nheumfitl?::!
atS^BSllnlHSEv'l ( ~ >ure w " 1 cure nearly
z|j£j&KSBhBS((9L a 'l cases of rheum-
waif~"**^^^^£s3l tlsin In a few hours;
Say \fiSk that his Dyspepsia Cure
VgL *>vkR w!l^ cure indigestion and
GUt , .?~dSGr sll stomach troubles;
Vm Sn^WfQff' that his Kidney Cure
\ r V W«Hjj will cure 00 per cent.
V^ y^dSm'-B *' a!I cases °' kidney
\ >_2»^f trouble; that his Ca-.
ftj-." *»*^s» tarrh Cure will cure
B^ ( <3Bft^ catarrh no matter how
■SG^jESfcnljwS&Sj^Jk. loD C standing: that his
ffaTj^saßWßjyßPv Headache Cure will cure
vt.l , HfPr any kind of headache in
1 I I " a few minutes; that
' his Cold Cure will
quickly break up any
tirm of cold and so on through the entire list of
remedies. At all druggists, 25 cents a rial.
If you need medical advice write Prof. Munyon,
1506 Arch it.. Phlla. It Is absolutely free.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELI OLD
J. Special Ist cures Private. Nervous, anil Blood Dis-
eases Oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Mec.free. Over 20 experience.
Pntientscuredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to3dnliy;6.:»toS::«i ev'fs. Snnifnys, !otol2. Cnnsul-
tation free and sacredly cunfldentinl. Cull, or address
P. HOSCOK MoXLIiTY, 31. D.
a«V, Kcarny St., San Francisco. Cal.
'D'DTTC'UITQ FOR BARBERS. RAX-
MjJ\ U Ollilb bootblacks, bath-
hruj.es. billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner*.
dyers, flournillls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
tlablemen. tRr-ron'fr«. tanner*, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament) 3k
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Oreans of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wilt's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Flst-
t pies and purify the blood.
56
-".*■■ -"■-■■
FRIDAY APRIL 7, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. •
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year... "'XA
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 05 °
SUNDAY CALL One Year »- BO
WEEKLY CALL. One Year l '°°
All poetmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway ,
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:50 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock £29! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh,
street, open until 9 o'clock '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second en«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
C lumbla— "The Serenade."
Grand Opera House— "The Black Huesar."
I .urn— Vaudeville.
Alcazar -"The Charity Ball."
li 'Beautiful Golden Locks."
Alhambra— "Marrie.l. Not Mated."
i -lan Maolaren.
Chute*. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
tnd evening.
Olyrr.pia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets. Specialties..
I Ojjem House- Saver Recitals. Wednesday afternoon,
Arrll 19.
r 1 resort. Amusements every
AUCTION SALES.
■ Tftis day, at 11 o'clock, furniture
f art, at corner of Filmore anJ Union streets.
By • . April 11, at 12
■ ' - -■- ■'
TAX SHIRKERS fIGAIN REBUFFED.
AMONG the recent decisions which have come
to hand is one by the Supreme Court of
Michigan holding that the tax-shirking ex-
SS, which for upward of a year now
been evading their war taxes, must stamp bills
of lading before issuing them. The case in which this
opi: ndered was an application ior a writ of
c of the Circuit Courts of Michigan
le by Attorney General Maynard at the request of
a number of shippers. The suit was brought against
American Express Company, and the court was
I to order that corporation to stamp its bills of
• .re issuing them.
The opinion, written by Justice Long, is an exten
nation upon the subject of revenue, the
power of Congress to impose stamp taxes, the juris
diction of State courts to issue writs of mandate, and
the duty of express companies under schedule A of
the war revenue act to pay their taxes. In the
course of his observations under the latter head Jus
tice Long says:
"By the act every express company is compelled to
issue to every shipper or consignor a bill of lading
for each shipment received for carriage, to which bill
of lading and duplicate thereof shall be attached and
canceled a stamp of the value of I cent. The law,
therefore, imposes upon the carrier the obligation to
issue the receipt. With this the shipper has nothing
to do. He delivers the package to the company,
pays or tenders the usual charges. This ends the
shipper's duty, and the law then compels the carrier
sue the receipt or bill of lading. This bill must
be stamped and the stamp canceled. It is evident that
it is as much the duty of the company to place the
stamp upon the receipt and cancel it as it is to issue
the receipt. This duty is made more apparent by the
that the act further provides that failure to issue
the receipt makes the carrier so failing amenable to a
heavy penalty."
This states the case succinctly, and in accordance
vith the opinion the Michigan Supreme Court
unanimously ordered the mandate to issue, thus put
fing on record in a practical Way its view of the law.
The American Express Company, however, has ap
pealed to the United States Supreme Court and thus
hung up the decision. In the meantime it is robbing
the shippers of Michigan, as Wells, Fargo & Co. arc
robbing the shippers of California, out of several
thousand dollars per month.
The interesting question in connection with this
matter, however, is, how are the shippers to get even
or. the express companies after the United States Su
preme Court sustains all the decisions rendered by
the State and inferior Federal courts? At present the
shippers arc paying the war taxes of the express
companies. Is there any way in which they can re
coup themselves later on?
In all the talk and wrangle over the various Demo
cratic banquets it is worth while noting that during
the days when they controlled the country and fixed
the tariff the great mass of them had nothing to eat
but crow: but now, thanks to Republican prosper
ity, they can have banquets to tight about.
It is reported in New York that if Croker of Tam
many has his way the Democratic ticket in 1900 will
be Nelson A. Miles and Augustus Van Wyck, but no
report gives any ground for believing Croker will
have his way.
Good citizens will not suspect the Supervisors of
juggling with gas rate regulations merely to make a
stock-jobbing deal, but all the same they will n-atch
the next move of the board with a sharp-eyed in-
Of the making of new words there is no end. The
New York Times recently called Senator Hoar the
"Philfilipinist of Massachusetts" and did not even
take the trouble to furnish a diagram.
The St. Louis Police Court Judge who decided that
under certain conditions a man has a right to whip
In- wife probably intended to promote matrimony by
encouraging the boys.
Maguire has no longer any stomach for a political
contest, but he can hold his own at a dinner party
pretty well, and that is more than Bryan can do.
The record of the Chilkat disaster furnishes
another evidence that the tule life preserver should be
put on the list with embalmed beef.
The question of the Philippine campaign which
most people will find it hardest to answer is: "What
has become of General Merritt?"
THE BEEF INQUIRY.
NO matter what may be the verdict of the com
mission now inquiring into the beef ration fur
nished during the Spanish war, American in
terests in meat products are going to suffer.
This country is the largest producer and purveyor
of meat products in the world. Our corn and fodder
facilities are unlimited, and upon them depend our
beef and pork. The proper curing of these meats
with salt, saltpeter and sugar is a comparatively slow
process, but it is wholesome. Pork products cured
by these agents, and smoked, have excellent keeping
qualities and furnish a nourishing element in diet.
It is highly probable that the sudden demand for
large quantities of meat in condition lit for army ra
tions caused the use of novel chemicals and experi
ments in the hasty preparation of the meat for use in
military camps and in the tropics, and that the hurry
orders were responsible for methods that have not
been in use in the preparation of meat for the usual
market. But this fact will not be apt to get due
weight in the mind of the foreign consumer and of our
competitors. No doubt it was a mistake to attempt
the use of a beef ration in the tropics. Experience
demonstrates that a salt pork ration is the best there.
We have always had a large outlet for salted pork
among the laboring population of the West Indies.
! The negro laborers there use it with molasses as a
| condiment, and it seems to be the best meat ration
: for that climate. As there is no prospect that we will
: extricate ourselves from the risk and cost of military
, occupation in the tropics for several years, if at all, it
; will be well to extract some practical policy out of the
, beef scandal.
The military nations of Europe have made the army
ration the subject of the best scientific study. The
German army in the French war was furnished with
a ration that carried the highest amount of nutrition
i:i the smallest possible bulk. The German pea
sausage, scientifically prepared, with nitrogen and all
the elements of a wholesome diet, was probably the
best constituent of a ration ever furnished to a sol
dier. Its preparation was easy, and it taxed digestion
the least while sustaining the soldier in the supreme
exertion of battle better than anything theretofore
tried.
There is a pea grown in Japan that upon analysis
and experiment shows the highest food qualities
found in the leguminous plants. This pea was used
in preparation of the German ration.
-When Mr. T. Sterling Morton was Secretary of
Agriculture he introduced this Japanese pea into this
country, and it is doubtless domesticated and being
grown in many places now. The military authorities
should hunt it up and study the preparation of a ra
tion of which it is the base in combination with pork
product. It is easier of transportation than the raw
bean and is more easily prepared and more serviceable
pn the march or during battle. This pea is especially
a heavy producer in California, and if introduced into
the army ration would be a valuable addition to our
field crops. Our fruit-growers have already asked
the Government to introduce some form of fruit ra
tion, in order to increase the market for our fruits,
and there is equal propriety in asking that such a field
crop be likewise favored.
It seems the height of folly to build refrigerators
and make ice machines part of an army equipment to
keep fresh beef in a poor condition for use in a hot
climate when the military experience of every nation
runs counter to the fresh beef ration, or the attempt
to imitate it by canned roast beef.
We fought the Civil War on the old standard ration
of hardtack and sow-belly, and that would have been
infinitely better in the Spanish war than the em
balmed abominations and refrigerated carrion on
which our soldiers were led. at great cost and with
disastrous results to the health of the troops.
NATIONAL INTEGRITY.
THE victories of our troops over the Filipinos
excite our pride and afford fresh evidence of the
superiority of American citizens over Asiatics
and additional reasons why they could never be
! brought politically together except in the relation that
I conquerors bear toward the subjugated. We bought
the title of Spain to the Philippines and stand in the
shoes of that effete monarchy while we assert our
j right of possession and our political sovereignty
j against the natives, who were fighting against Spain
I for independence when our Declaration was issued
and our Revolutionary War was in progress.
The glaring inconsistency of our present attitude
in the Philippines was logically and powerfully ex
posed by Senator Hoar in his letter recently pub
lished in The Call.
To citizens who really comprehend their own gov
| ernment, and to lovers of constitutional freedom and
| independence" everywhere, thjs bloody strife is fraught
with fearful omens. Our young men, with educated
j intelligence behind their artillery, filled with the dar
j ing courage of their composite race, handled with
I consummate skill and supplied with all the accessories
; that money can buy, like the ancient Romans are
\ practically invincible against semi-barbarians, poorly
i equipped, half naked and half starved. Under more
equal conditions they would achieve greater triumphs.
But success is not always right, and in this instance
| it is more dangerous to the conquerors than to the
j conquered. The lust for dominion is a danger signal
| not only to ourselves but to the world. As Senator
\ Hoar has suggested, the positions in our Revolution
ary War are reversed, and( while the Filipinos, now as
then, are fighting for independence, we have receded
to the attitude of Great Britain. Spain had never
colonized the Philippine archipelago, and her claim
of ownership was based upon an incomplete imperial
i robbery. That was the title we bought under which
we now call the Filipinos "rebels" or "insurgents,"
and wage against them a relentless war, in which
j their comparative loss is probably in the proportion
j of fifty to one.
There will be an end to this condition without an
j opportunity to extract from it party capital. There
! are Democratic expansionists who are the worst of
their class. There are hundreds of thousands of pa
i triotic Republicans who are opposed to Asiatic ex
' pansion, either in the form of annexation or coloni
zation. The people of the Pacific Coast arc united in
their determination to utilize their commercial and
financial advantages, but it is an insult to their intel
ligence for Eastern expansionists to pretend that for
! this purpose they are bound to support territorial
i acquisition in Asia, and to fall into the trap set by the
imperialists.
The sentiment against Asiatic expansion is rapidly
! growing and becoming solid and determined. If the
question were left to the rank and file of the army
; and navy, who are face to face with the problem in
I the Philippine Islands and are manfully upholding
| their national flag in that pestilential region, we are
! credibly informed that 98 per cent would favor an
j honorable withdrawal to our own continent as rap
i idly as the temporary responsibilities, which we have
! brought upon ourselves, could be adjusted. The in
tense advocates of expansion include the worst and
j most dangerous elements in the United States — un
i principled speculators, the enemies of remunerated
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
labor, ambitious and reckless seekers for military
glory, toadies to Great Britain, pessimistic unbe
lievers in popular government — every class or faction
to which the constitution is a chart of worn-out sen
timents and the republic an exploded fallacy, and
whose righteousness is the Pharisaical product of
selfishness and greed. In 1859 the British blew Se
poys from their guns and scattered their remains in
order to enlist religious fear in the suppression of
mutiny. A few months ago Lord Kitchener dis
patched wounded Dervishes to arrest the fatal re
sults of their strategic courage. These acts were pos
sible under imperial government, but their imitation
in the Philippines will not be sanctioned by the citi
zens of a republic who have not abandoned the con
stitutional liberty their ancestors wrung from Great
Britain, and who have not yet surrendered their al
legiance to the memory of Washington.
THE OLNEY MOVEMENT.
A BOSTON correspondent of the Milwaukee
Journal announces that a movement is now
under way in Massachusetts to make Richard
Olney the Democratic candidate for President in
1900. It is stated somewhat curiously that he is likely
to be found an available candidate because he is in
favor of expansion but opposed to annexation, and,
while a gold Democrat, has not made himself ob
noxious to the free silver men.
There are reasons for believing strong foundations
exist for this report. The Southern States constitute
the strength of the Democratic party, and it is no
table that leading papers of that section have been
very active of late in making a campaign against
Eryanism. We have several times directed attention
tc their utterances disclosing the dissatisfaction of
Southern men with the present situation of their party
and the policy of its leaders.
For a long time the Southern papers carefully ab
stained from naming a successor to the leadership.
They were content to point out the folly of the Chi
cago platform and the weakness of Bryan as a leader.
The Richmond Times, for example, recently de
clared: "The Democratic party to-day is without
character or standing in the nation. It has lost the
confidence, if not the respect, of the great body of
intelligent, thoughtful men of the country."
The Louisville Courier-Journal has taken an even
bolder tone and has declared that the Chicago plat
form and its candidates must be abandoned. Refer
ring to the charge of "traitor" hurled by the Bryan
ites against all who would repudiate their leadership,
it says: "Is abuse a good answer to the facts of the
case? Does it hurt anybody except the authors? Who
cares for the objurgation of men with the blood of
their party upon their hands?" Then it goes on to
speak of the Democrats of the plain people, "hud
dled like sheep and ruthlessly sacrificed to the inca
pacity and the vanity of a set of politicians who have
nothing to show for their tenure of power except
obloquy and disaster."
This campaign of education having formed popu
lar sentiment, a further step was taken. The
Memphis Commercial-Appeal a shor.t time ago urged
the people of the South to take up Olney as their
candidate, and in his name seek a restoration of
Democratic unity throughout the nation. It was the
Memphis paper that first notified the country that
Mr. Olney is favorable to expansion without im
perialism, and to the gold standard without being
disrespectful to free silver.
Since the Memphis utterance the availability of
Olney has been much discussed. The Massachusetts
organ of mugwumpery, the Springfield Republican,
says: "If the Democracy wants a candidate who will
represent sound doctrine in finance, liberal views on
the income tax, helpfulness in meeting the labor
problem and a vigorous, old-fashioned Americanism
unmixed with false notions concerning Oriental ex
pansion, it can find him in Mr. Olney. The country,
too, would recognize in Mr. Olney a candidate with
plenty of fixedness of purpose and resolution."
Such are the facts of the Olney movement as they
appear on the surface. It is possible, of course, that
the newspaper campaign against Bryan in the South
may have been undertaken by the editors of their
own motion, and that the Olney canvass has been dis
cussed solely because the Memphis Commercial-
Appeal put him forward as an available candidate.
Perhaps Boston and Massachusetts had nothing what
ever to do with the matter. Chicago, however, has
recently disclosed that. the people of Boston have a
habit of catching young herring and canning them
under the name of brook trout, and it is possible
some astute men in the city have been canning Bos
ton politics of the Olney kind and putting it upon the
political market as Southern opinion.
The story that Cardinal Rampolla, Papal Secretary
of State, is exerting every effort to conceal the dan
gerous condition of the Pope with the object of pre
venting the Powers from working in advance for the
next conclave, is a very interesting contribution to
current history, inasmuch as it shows that Europeans
in matters of politics never arrange a programme be
forehand, but wait until the event happens before con
sidering what they will do next. No European power
having an interest in the papacy would presume it
seems to make a slate before the Pope is dead, and
therefore Rampolla has the game in his own hands.
The story is not only interesting, but is important —
if true.
Immediately after pronouncing them husband and
wife the priest who had wedded the high contracting
parties congratulated the bride on having become a Fair
Vanderbilt, and by thus heading off all the chappies
who intended to use that impromptu in their com
pliments, he conferred a true blessing on the couple
and earned a right to smile at the wedding breakfast.
The Cuban Military Assembly has decided to ac
cept the terms of the United States, together
with the $3,000,000, and to disband the pa
triot army and go to work. The wisdom of the
choice is commendable, but it remains to be seen how
the patriots will act after they have spent the money
and tired of work.
The President's proclamation setting apart April h
as a day for commemorating the patriot heroes who
fell in the war with Spain should be respected not by
public officials only, but by all the people. Let every
rlag be at half-mast on that day. Let every house
hold show its sympathy with the national feeling.
While the rush of congratulations is going to Mr.
Vanderbilt and his bride, it is timely to give some to
the public on the fact that we are about to have a rest
from the stories of the wedding presents and the
trousseau.
It is somewhat to be regretted that young Vander
bilt married before completing his college course,
but his wife will probably be able to superintend his
studies and finish his education for him.
For a time the volunteers serving in the Philippines
desired to return home, but now one of them writes
"The boys are no longer homesick. They feel they
are doing something."
DAWSON WATER
FRONT TENANTS
MADE TO VACATE
Holders of Leases Suffer Be=
cause of Official Misman=
»
agement,
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON, March 15 (via Seattle, April
6).— The flre on the water front on Thurs
day morning, which destroyed several
more of the substantial structures built
there, caused a loss that is estimated at
$20,000, the principal sufferers being well
known San Franciscans. Mrs. Adcock's
two-story building and the entire stock,
valued altogether at $12,000, were destroy
ed. Mrs. Adcock for twenty years kept
a millinery store on Kearny street, near
Market. She and her husband barely
escaped with their lives, being aroused
from sleep in the upper story after the
house was in flames. They came in last
spring.
The small store of Mrs. Frank Fancher
'• was destroyed and only a portion of the
stock saved. The loss Is about $2000.
Frank Fancher was a commissipn mer
chant in San Francisco and later was a
clerk in one of the departments at the
| City Hall. Mr. and Mrs. Fancher arrived
i in the fall of 1897.
This is the third disastrous lire on the
water front within a period of three
weeks. Commissioner Ogilvie has now
served formal notice on the tenants that
they will have to move, buildings and all,
immediately following the Ist of May. The
occupation of the water front has been
the occasion of the same confusion and
cry of corruption that have characterized
everything that has been done by warrant
of the Government in this much-muddled
I and altogether distressed country. The
I Government last year leased the water
I front to Alexander McDonald, with rights
to sublease it. The Government officials
were -changed and the present council,
I court and commissioners have given the
j tenants notice that the lease was unlaw
ful. The tenants some months ago re
fused to pay their ground rent, and the
'> ag.nts of McDonald (McDonald being now
' in the States) did not crowd them in the
j courts in the fear, it is said, that it
; might be shown they had no right to col
lect, whereupon all those who had al
ready paid would sue for recovery. A
finally got into court, however, and
was decided In McDonald's favor. Judge
Dugas holding that the tenant had no
right to question the title of a landlord
after having become a party to a lease.
This has brought greater consternation
! along the front than did the several fires
and tenants' are being levied upon ail
along the line, ejected and Bold out where
they don't promptly pay arrears, for the
tenants of the houses are responsible
t under the law .or the ground rent. In
nearly all cases the stores are not occu
pied by the owners, or at any rate ny
the holders of the ground lease. The
former have paid their rent regularly to
the lease holders, but these have not pain
and many still refuse to pay the ground
rent and much distress and embarrass
ment are suffered by the storekeepers,
who because business has been so bad
are not prepared to pay the rent a sec
ond time. They are rushing into court on
various pretexts to seek relief.
Almost the same confusion exists con
cerning the town site property. Last
summer it was stated authoritatively
that Harper. La Due and Fitzpatrick had
received their patent for the town site
land and Major Walsh, then Commis
sioner gave notice that he would support
the company with the mounted police in
keeping squatters from the land. People
who wished to build a cabin in which to
live without first buying a lot were re
quired to go tt) the hilltops, far distant
from the river and town. Now it appears
that the patent has not been issued or,
at least, the agents of the company here
do not know it if it ha? been, and are
powerless to eject the squatter once he
is fairly located. This uncertainty, of
course, frets the company and the would
be squatter as well, neither knowing his
rights .md both fighting for advantage at •
this formative period of the City. The
displacement of the people along the
water front will compel them, all bus
people to seek new locations on Second
avenue. Titles to vacant lots may come
into question and no end of litigation be
the result.
Lawsuits in constantly increasing num
bers are growing out of the muddled con
dition of the mining records here. Claims
hay« been recorded that do not exist,
claims are discovered to be overlapping
each other, and claims are staked from
one period to another under the constant
ly being changed regulations and under
grants allowed in Ottawa that conflict
with the rights of persons already secured
under the regulations here. The confusion
and uncertainty are so great that even
the Canadians are leaving the country in
complete discouragement and disgust, and
all cry alike for the establishment of a
government hero where the laws may be
made by men familiar with the conditions
at which they are directed.
Senator Jere Lynch has just purchased
a bench claim on Adams Hill, on Bo
nanza near the mouth of El Dorado, the
consideration being something like $50,000.
Mr Lyn<!h will put a large force of men
at work with steam thawers. The claim
is thought to be very rich.
The Northwest Trading Company s
steamer Clara is advertised for sale to
day to satisfy creditors. This is another
case- of queer management in which San
Franciscans are chiefly interested. The
bandmaster Roncovieri brought the boat
in together with A. Haussler. managing
director of the company, last summer
The boat met all sorts of trouble, chiefly
through mismanagement, and arriving
very late at the Yukon flats her barge
THE INDECENT
PHONOGRAPHS
The raid on the indecent phonograph
parlors in San Francisco, made through
the efforts of The Call, is as admirable
a piece of work in behalf of morality
and a purer social atmosphere as was
the suppression of gambling at the rac
ing park some weeks ago. Papers
which, while advertising lotteries, make
a big blow about gambling in China
town excite only the ridicule or con
tempt of the community, so long as
such cesspools as the Ingleside track
and the phonograph parlors are per
mitted to fester in the community with
out a protest. The Call has opened its
batteries in the right direction, and it
deserves commendation. — San Jose
Mercury.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PORT* ORCHARD DOCK— A. B. X.,
City. The drydock at Port Orchard,
Wash., is large enough to hold the lowa.
The dock is 600 feet long, 75 feet wide at
the bottom, and will admit vessels of 30
feet draft. The lowa is 360 feet long
and 24 feet draft.
JOSEPHUS— A Subscriber, City. Fla
vius Josephus. the celebrated historian of
the Jews, was born in Jerusalem some
time between the 13th of September A. D.
37 and March lfi, A. D. 38. He died some
time after A D. 100. His works may be
obtained from booksellers or may be seen
in the libraries.
LIQUOR IN ALASKA— A. E. D., City.
On the 11th of last January there was a
law passed which fixes a high license for
the liquor traffic in the Territory of
Alaska. The license is $1000 a year, and
to engage in the business the individual
applying for such a license must present
the written consent of a majority of all
the residents within two miles of the plaoe
where the applicant wants to establish
his business.
CHAtWCBT M. DEPEW-W. C, City.
Chauncey M. Depew is a native of Peeks
kill, X. Y. He is of Huguenot and Puri
tan ancestry. He graduated from Yale
was abandoned with $40,000 worth of goods
designed for this place and for this win
tor's market.
1 understand a number of San Fran
cisco shareholders— Dr. Gross. Dr. Rich
ards, George T. Knox, the notary: Legal
let, leather merchant, and P. Kline— have
a three-quarter interest in the freight
thai is on the barge. When the Clara
arrived here Roncovlerl took a boat and
went on out, and Haussier, instead of
sending the boat back for the barge,
mortgaged her. Interested parties com
plained and Consul McCouk took charge
and the boat probalily will be sold to
day. A steam launch belonging to K< I
nand de Journel and George S. Wilkins,
ther with a number of typewriters,
also abandoned by the Clara.
The investigation into the official acts
of ex-Gold Commissioner Fawcett has
terminated without anything having been
developed showing crookedness on the
part of Fawcett. A reception was ten
dered to Fawcett on the eve of his de
parture for the outside, which was at
tended by a great crowd of the best peo
ple of Dawson. Mr. Fawcett is now on
his way to Ottawa.
Thomas Tritton. special deputy United
States Marshal, left for Circle City last
Monday, carrying a warrant for the ar
rest of Captain Danabe, commander of
the Columbia Navigation Company's
steamer Sovereign. Danabe is charged
with having sold everything movable on
the boat and converted the returns, to
gether with other sums belonging to the
company, to his own use, spending the.
money in riotous living. Danabe is*
charged also with conspiring with United
States Commissioner Crane (who, be
sides holding this office, is in charge of
the North American Transportation Com
pany's post at Circle City) to divert and
hamper the business of the Columbia
Navigation Company.
I shall start to-morrow for Eagle City
and make a complete though necessarily
rapid tour of the principal creeks in that
and the Forty-mile district on the Amer
ican side. Great interest is felt in the
diggings there, and if they should develop
any reasonably good pay there will be a
hegira down the river with the breaking
of the ice. Tho reports that have reached
here through the winter from that direc
tion have been of the vaguest and most
conflicting nature. The mines are a long
distance back from the river, and those
who come out are informed only with re
gard to the immediate locality in which
they were working, some of these being
very encouraging 1 and some of them
equally discouraging stories, and neither
can be entirely credited. I have found
that the only way to get the truth is to
go after it. I have delayed the start un
til this late day in order that there may
be something definite to learn when I do
go— that is. that the work in the mines
shall he sufficiently advanced to deter
mine what is in the ground. The trip
will cover a run of some 400 mile? over the
ice and consume about three weeks 1 time.
DEATHS AT DAWSON.
Klondikers Who Have Been Sum- I
moned to the Beyond.
DAWSON, March I.— Robert Beer of
Chicago, who conducted the Tivoll
Theater while here, and the Mel
bourne, the largest and handsomest
hotel in town, leaves to-day for the out
side and Paris, there to make arrange
ments for the reproduction of Dawson
and the Klondike at the Paris Exposition.
His plan is to represent the main street j
of the town, with its saloons, dance halls !
and all its main features literally, and
with this to present a complete exposition
of how mining is done in this country. He
will also take Indians, dogs and all "those
things that are especially characteristic I
of the country, and make a spectacle on !
the lines of Old Vienna, the Streets of
Cairo and others that made the Midway
Plaisance world famous.
Following is a list of deaths recorded
here since my last report of them:
January 21— Hans Swelgrass, Sweden i
crushed by caving in of shaft at 59 below, i
Bonanza.
January 30— John McPhail, Scotland,
scurvy.
February 3— Walter E. McDonald, Win
nipeg, consumption.
February 2— Libby White, Colorado, sui
cide.
February 2— Dave Evans, Swansea
Wales, suicide with revolver.
February I— Winfield Scott Parker, Ken
tucky, cerebral hemorrhage.
February 3— William Alexander, Ireland,
BUlclde, on Dominion Creek.
February 7— Jefferson Tolbert, Ken
tucy, hemorrhage of lungs.
February 12— William Mitchemn, Nash
ville. Term., pulmonatis.
February 13— Henry L. Fisher (infant).
February 12— Andrew S. Kirby, United
States, pneumonia,
February 7— John Hughes, New York.
February 11— Daniel McGillverev, Nova
Scotia.
February 13— Frank Xantuck (Indian)
scurvy; four other Indians.
February 15— Edward Flat, N. W. M. P.
from N. W. T., scOTVy.
February 17— Joe Nantuck (Indian),
murderer.
February lft— S. W. Banks, Australia
heart disease.
Frank and Joe Kantuck. the Indians
whose names appear in the list, were two
of the four who were convicted of the
murder of the man Meecham last summer
and who were sentenced to be hanged, but
were paved for the time being: because the
day of the hanging- developed into a legal
holiday. They died of scurvy.
College In 1856, entered the Presidential
campaign for Fremont In that year; two
years later was admitted to the bar, and
since 1860, when he worked for the elec
tion of Lincoln, he has been more or less
in politics. During that period he became
attorney for the New York and Harlem
Railroad and then secured other positions
In the railroads.
THE NICARAGUA CANAL— Constant
Reader, City. If you will go to the Free
Public Library end consult the Congres
sional Record of the session just closed
you will find therein all that has been said
in connection with the Nicaragua Canal
for and against. You will also find much
about it in the Annual Cyclopedia
EGGS IX LIQUID— T. F., City. The fol
lowing are given as recipes for preserv
ing eggs in liquid. This department knows
nothing from experience of their valuer
Lime, one bushel, slacked in water;
common salt, two or three pounds; cream
tartar, half a pound; water sufficient to
form a liquid that will float an eg"
This will preserve eggs for two years
Put a dozen eggs in a willow basket,
immerse for five in boiling wa
ter containing five pounds of common
brown sugar to a gallon of water, then
immediately place the eggs on a tray to
dry. The scalding process forms a 'thin
coat of hard albumen next to the inn* r
surface of the shell, closing the pores
and excluding the air. The eggs when
cooled are then packed small end down
in an intimate mixture of one measure
of good charcoal finely pulverized and
two mrasures of dry bran. Eggs thus
prepared will be fresh six months after
being so packed.
REV. ANNA HOWARD SHAW-B. F. I
8., San Jose. Cal. The Rev. Anna How
ard Shaw was born at Newcastle-on-
Tyne, England, February 14, 1847, and jvas
brought to America when four years of
age. Her parents located In Massachu
setts, and then in Michigan. In 1873 Mis
Shaw was granted a license as a local
preacher; in ISTS she entered a college in
Michigan, and then she entered the theo
logical department of the Boston I'niver
sity and graduated with honors in 1878
During the last year of her theoloßir.ii
course she was the pastor of th.-> Metho
dist Episcopal Church of Hingham. M;^<
Her second pastorate was at East Dennis
on r :i] ,,- cod. She marie application to
the New England Methodist Episcopal '
Conference for ordination, and though she
passed the best examination she was re
fused ordination on acount of. her sex
She appealed to- the General Conference in
woman ordained in that denomination.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
E. O. Beylard and wife of San Mateo
are at the California.
George B. Schoonmaker. a business man
of New York, is at the Palace.
J. J. Anderson, a merchant of Martinez,
is registered at the Grand with his wife.
Charles Belding, a real estate dealer of
Stockton, is at the Lick, in company with
his wife.
C B. Van Zye, a diamond merchant of
Cape Town, South Africa, is staying at
the California.
Wesley Clark, a prominent citizen of
Los Angeles, is at the Grand, accom
panied by his wife.
J. L. Sperry. a hotel-keeper of Big Trees,
is in the city for a brief stay, and is regis
tered at the Occidental.
Guy W. Wadsworth, who is connected
with the Occidental Col!. s An
geles, is a guest at the Occidental.
George T. Belden of Spokane. Wash.. i»
at the Russ with his wife and son. en
route to Stockton to visit a brother.
Ross C. Cline. Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Wabash Railroad, with head
quarters at Los Angeles, is at the Occi
dental.
"Admiral
Kautz, who is
shelling Mat 3a
fa's men In Sa
moa," said a well
known naval man
yesterday at the
Occidental Hotel,
"is of German ex-
♦<£ -* +
I HE
WAS NOT
HURT.
-f^ $+
traction, as his name would indicate; but
while ordinarily of a phlegmatic disposi
tion, his humor machine is easily started
running. Several years ago, while he was
still a captain and on shore leave, he was
invited to join a party of equestrians.
During the ride Captain Kautz, whose
horsemanship was perhaps on a par with
that of most men of his profession, was
thrown and got rather a bad fall.
"He was up in a moment, and to the
anxious inquiries of his friends replied
that he was not hurt. It was evident,
however, that the captain had been badly
shaken up, but he stuck to the story that
there was nothing the matter with him.
" 'Hurt? Me hurt!' he said. 'I could
not be hurt by a fall from a horse. Why,
I have a brother who is a lieutenant col
onel of cavalry.'
"Captain Kautz was hurt, however, and
had to take to his bed. Some days later
he was visited by several of his friends,
who guyed him about the denial that he
was hurt and also about the reason he
had given for immunity from injury by
that particular kind of accident.
" "That's all right,' said the doughty
captain, as he winced at the pain in his
back; 'but my reason would have held
good and I wouldn't be here now but for
one thing. Why, you wouldn't believe it.
but I have just heard that on the very
day I fell off that hoise my brother was
transferred from the cavalry to the in
fantry arm of the service.' "
J. G. O'Neill, a mining man of Nevada
City, and C. A. Perkins, a Mendocino
cattleman, with his wife, are late arrivals
at the Russ.
Thomas Gower. a mino owner of Ma
i dera; C. F. Cadwallader, an attorney of
| Red Bluff, and J. L. Haas, a merchant of
' Portland, Or., are among the arrivals at
the Lick.
C. O. Johnson, a mechanical engineer of
Christiania, Norway, who has been to
Honolulu and Australia establishing
plants for irrigation, is located at the
California.
I G. M. Felton, president and receiver of
j the Cincinnati. New Orleans. Texas and
I Pacific Railway, an ♦• rday in a
1 special car with his wife, and registered
j at the Palace.
Hon. Whitelaw Reid came up from Mill
\ brae yesterday afternoon with his wife
and engaged apartments at the Palace.
Mrs, Reid is the daughter of the multi
millionaire, D. O. Mills. Befic~.es being the
proprietor of the New York Tribune, Mr.
j Reid has the distinction of having served
jas United States Minister ttj France. He
is visiting the State for his health.
■ » ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 6.— Mr. and Mrs.
H. E. Hall of San Francisco are at the
Wellington Hotel. K. S. Schwartz of Los
Angeles are at the Shoreham.
« ♦ ■ _ —
Cal. glace fruit 50c per n> at Townsends. •
Stationery and printing, visiting cards
and wedding invitations .at Sanborn &
Tail's. ' •
» ♦ ■ —
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
i Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
I gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"Le's see; what is the proverb about
: eat, drink and be married?"
"That isn't right. It is 'eat, drink and
; be merry-' "
"Oh! That's different."— En
quirer.
• ♦ . _
•'Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
1 Has been used for fifty years by millions of
' mothers for their children while Teething with
! perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
j the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg-
I ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be Eure and ask for Mrs.
"Window's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
THE CALIFORNIA LIMITED,
Sante Fe Route.
Three times a week; 3sf .lays to Chicago. 4^j
day? to New York. Handsomest train an.} mist
complete service. Full particulars at 6CS Mar-
I ket street.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO— Taice advantage
of the rounfl-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay, 53 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery strr-et. San Fran.
"Professor Stuffer always discourses on
the evils of gluttony before dinner "
"\\ hy ?'•'
"Because after dinner he is not able to
discourse." —Chicago Record.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A common expression is:
"The human race is grow-
ing weaker and wiser."
That we are growing weak-
er is proved by the large
number of pale, thin and
emaciated people.
That we are growing
wiser may be proved by
overcoming these disorders
with the timely use of
Scott's Emulsion of Cod-
liver Oil ; with Hypophos-
phites which gives strength,
enriches the blood, invigor-
ates the nerves and forms
fat.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & Chemists, New York.THE ARIZONA
FROM MANILA
WITH SICK IN
Many Were Wounded
in Battle.
SOME ARE CALIFORNIA BOYS
ALL THE OFFICERS AND MEN
WERE INVALIDED HOME.
Very Few of the Returned Ever Want
to See the Philippines Again.
The Arizona to Go Back
at Once.
United State? transport Arizona ar-
Manlla via Hongkong yester
tagt of twenty-nine
She remained in Hongkong for five
w Mch time
k and thoroughly overh
■ :• port the run
in the splendid time of nil
zona will In <
have nothing done to her hero, but will
sioned at once and
.-oon as the troops arrive
ihe East.
Th< w ho came up on the Ari-
Major F. A. Williams of th«
; tain C, L. Pickens,
a Ho
ieutenant I
Irwln, First \\ .. S -■ ri n C.
._■ s^ek. All
em are In • i me.
The Invalided soldiers were
Fred W. Beck, Company C, First Idaho;
Charles Runels, Company H. First Montana;
James G. Saunders, Company L, Twenty-third
Unite! States Infantry; Nelson G. Rask, Com
pany I, Tenth Pennsylvania; Robert K. Powell,
Company M, Second Oregon; Levi L. Heald,
Company F, First South Dakota; R. McCor
tnlck. Company A, First Montana; : trick
.Shea, Company L, First Washington; Clarence
L. Noyce, Company A, North Dakota; Daniel
J. Newell, Company D, Tenth Pennsylvania;
Claude B. Hooper, Company B. First Colorado;
Charles A. Hammond, Company F. Twentieth
Kansas; William T. Byrne. Company B, First
Colorado; William Thefault, Company L. First
Montana, William L. Evans, Company H.
Twenty-third United States Infantry; W . h,.
Gilbert, sailor E. R. Lounsbury, acting hospi
tal steward U. S. A.; Albert Prosker, Com
pany I. First Nebraska, William D. Boydln.
hospital c^rps; Edward Rand, Company E,
Fourth Cavalry; Herbert A. D. Lowe, Com
pany I, Fust Colorado; Alex P. McAfrey. Com
pany F. First Montana; Harry E. Zimmer
man. Cc.T.^any B, First North Dakota; Julian
L Dodge Company H, Second Oregon; Charles
C. Drake, Company F. First Colorado; Fred
W. Schneider, Company M. First South Da
kota; Ftter iiungt, Company F, Second Ore
g.-n: John H. Foster, Company B. First South
l»akota; Ray V. Bennett, Company D. First
Sjuth Dakota; Walter J. Connoda, Company
1> Twenty-third United States Infantry; John
J. M. Lyons, Company F, First Washington;
lius A. Klein; Company I. Fourteenth United
States Infantry; John B. Barnes, hospital corps;
Jay Saltzman, Company I, Fourteenth United
States Infantry; Lewis J. Biehl, Company X,
Fourteenth United States Infantry; Alexander
Donaldson. Company M, Fourteenth United
States Infantry; John L. L : as :.. Company D,
First Nebraska; D. A. Cutting, Company H.
First California; John C. Klein. Company A.
First Nebraska; John Pruitt, Company L, First
■Washington; Kd C. Caldwell, Company D,
Tenth Pennsylvania; Howard M. Carson, Com
pany G, Fourteenth United States Infantry;
\\ ilton H. Harlan, Company L. Fourteenth
United States Infantry: Carl C. Criswell. Com
p;my B. Twenty-third United States Infantry;
Charles Bademascher (left at Hongkong); Wil
lard Parker, Company F. Fourteenth United
Btatea Infantry: James M. Copley, Company |
H. Twenty-third United States Infantry; Wal
ter A. Shtrlock, Company G, First Montana;
W. E. Vanshaa, Company H. Twenty-third
United States Infantry; L. Swonnumson, Com
pany C, First North Dakota; Joseph P. Melte,
Company D. Fourteenth United States Infan
ltry; Irving Bunce. Company :•'. Fourteenth
United Slates Infantry; Oscar I. Webb, Com
pany G, First South Dakota: Charles W. Kin
caid. Company M, Fourteenth United States
Infantry; James L. Campbell, Company c.
First Wyoming; David A. Jones. Company Q.
First North Dakota; E. Christoferson. Company
G Firtt North Dakota; A. C. Connelly, Com
pany X, First Nebraska; Charles G. Mcore,
Company L. Fourteenth United States Infan
try: Perle W. Hamilton. Company L. Four
teenth United States Infantry; Bennie O. Lund
borg. Ccmpany X, First South Dakota; Elmer
liarnett. Company Gr. Sixth United States Ar
tillery; Edwin A. Ortmayer, Company I. First
' South Dakota; A. H. Rogers, Company B.
First Colorado; Max Schieber, Company E.
Thirteenth Minnesota; Thomas H. Mills, Com
p:my A Fourteenth United States Infantry;
M. Hamburg. Company C, Twenty-third United
States Infantry: Stephen H. Jones. Company
B. Twenty-third United States Infantry; C. W.
Stewart, Company E. First Wisconsin; William
C. Saxton. Company L, First Colorado; Paul
Christman. Company M. First South Dakota;
H. R. Orchard, Company E. Second Oregon;
Charles A. Anderson. Company E. First Mon
tana: John W. Singleton.' Company A. Four
teenth United States Infantry; James Williams,
Ccmpany K. First Washington; T. G. Baur
nian. Company B. Tenth Pennsylvania; George
A. Carmelchel, Company A. First Colors H.
A. Funkhoupe, Company A, Tenth Pennsyl
vania; Otis Carter. Company D, First Montana;
Peter O. Berg, Company D. Twenty-third
United States Infantry; A. W. Rauke, Com
pany D, Twenty-third United States Infantry;
A. W. Patterson, hospital corps; Jonathan de
York, Company H. First Colorado; Archie
Blair, Company L, First Colorado; Joseph W.
riequet. Company L. Fourteenth United States
Infantry: F. C. Haminetter. -hospital corps;
Walter E. Rosebro. Company A. First Call
fornia; Milton R. Carroll. Comoany I. First
Montana; Thomas McGinnls. Company D,
Twenty-third United States Infantry; M. Cald
well Company E. First Idaho; Jacob H. Appel,
Company C. Fourteenth United States Infan
try; John Edwards, Company C, Fourteenth
United States Infantry; Harry C. Newton,
Company F. Eighteenth United States Infan
try; A. A. Sullivan, band. Fourteenth United
States Infantry: Charles L. Ray. Company M.
First Colorado; Wllhelm Lascanmich, Company
D. Fourteenth United States Infantry; Charles
S. Evans, hospital corps; Joseph Black, Com
pany D. First Montana; C. B. Bailey, Company
B. First Colorado; W. S. Shea, hand. Twenty
third United Ptatc-s Infantry; Joseph Miller,
Company D. Twenty-third United States Infan
try; Con E. Eagan. Company K. First Ne
braska; John D. <"umin!nES, Company L, First
Tennessee; John M. Barnes, Company D, First
South Dakota; bert M. Nichols, Company A,
First Idaho; A. Westfall, Company B. First
Colorado: George A. Ray, signal corps; W. D.
Davis. Company I, Second Oregon: David M.
Horkman, Company 11. Twentieth Kansas;
Mitchell J. Bronne. Company D, First Cali
fornia; Harry K. Duffcy. Company 11, Tenth
Pennsylvania; Hugo Zully. Company D, First
North Dakota; Herbert E. yon Honsen. Com
pany A. First Idaho; John T. Horsman, Com
pany H, First Colorado; Swen G. Beckman,
Company A. First Washington: O. H. Heln
roth. Company H, First Colorado; Chauncey
.T. RittT. Company K. Fourteenth United
States Infantry; M. J. McGlynn. Company L.
First Colorado; Custave R. Langer. hospital
corps; Charles McKinley, Company K. Second
f| r"pnn; Hans Pederson. Company C, FirFt
N^rth Dakota: Charl»i- C. Miles, Company B.
First Idaho; Gilbert W. Spankle, Company E.
Flm Idaho: Philip Bi'k. Company B. Second
Oregon: J. SpauMlng, Company D. FlrFt Mon
tana: C. F. Holilrldgp, Ccmpany D. Sixth Ar
tillery; L. Mf,rr?n. mpany F. First • South
Dakota; C. W. Rrant. Company A. Fourteenth
United States Infantry: J. Johnson. Company
C, Elght^nth United PtaUs Infantry: A d
A-ipner, Company G, Third United States Ar
tniery; Theodore Newman. Company A Ut^h
Battery: J. Sherman. Company D. Eighteenth
T r.ited State* Infantry. l»ft nt Hongkong: D.
Colllno. Comr-ar.y O. First Idaho; J. Whalen
Company F. First Idaho: F. I^nparle. Company
H. Third United States Artillery; J. Bro=man
Toir.pary A. First California; 7. I, Granger
•Company G. First Idaho; F. Van Coralgh Com
pany D. First Colorado: A. P.. Newbergh Comp
any G. Thlrt"»nth Mlnnenota; J. W Col"
Company D. Sixth United States Artillery: m'
D, Rnfter. hospital steward; Olaf Aun« Com
f^riy G, Fourteenth T T nlted Statea Infantry
f-ami-el F. Shannon. Company L, First Ne
braska; Donovan Klmball, Company '; Sixth
United States Artillery.
All of the soldiers were, very sick when
the Arizona left Manila, but they soon
d to mend after the yes
and only two or thrr-e were confined
jr berths when the vessel reached
Will L.. Evans, Company
H. Twenty-third Infantry, was the sick
in .aboard. He is a cripple with
liar rheumatism, and Is a very sick
It took the Arizona a long time to dock,
hut as soon as she got alongside- Pacific
\£trpet wharf the steamer General Mc-
Pov.ell took all the soldiers aboard and
(transferred them to the Presidio. Every
Jone of the boys has a souvenir of the
Philippines in his possession, and one and
ell fervently pray they may never Bee
| the islands again.
FIRST OF THE YUKON FLEET.
THE steamer Del Norte, under charter to the Alaska Exploration Company, will be the first vessel
from this port to reach the vicinity of St. Michael this year. She is taking north a large quan
tity of supplies and seventy mechanics. These are ship carpenters, joiners, calkers, engineers
and firemen, and they will complete the building of the company's vessels that were not finished
last year. These river boats are at Dutch Harbor, ana the men oa tlie Del Norte are expected to
have them ready for the spring opening of the Yukon.
MAGUIRE IS
BANQUETED BY
HIS FRIENDS
Democrats Gather at
the Board.
WAR HORSES ALL PRESENT 1
THE "LITTLE GIANT" DOES NOT
WANT OFFICE.
_
Lafe Pence Made the Statement as a
Feeler and the Guest of
the Evening Con
firmed It.
The hanquot given last night to James
G. Magulre at the Poodle Dog re-staurant [
was a "bang-up" affair, that could give i
"cards and spades" to Jeffersonian stm- j
plicity and beat it hollow. Fully a nun- 1
EX-CONGRESSMAN JAMES G. MAGUIRE AT THE JEFFERSONIAN
BANQUET.
dred guests sat down to the board In the
top Moor banqueting hall and proceeded '
through the menu with practiced hands.
that would not have faltered bad the sim
plicity cost twenty "plunks" a plate.
All the leaders of the party and some of
the led were there. Hon. Charles Bdelr
man presided as toastmaster, and strung I
in a long curving line on his elthr-r
were familiar faces. Ex-Govern. >r Kudd
was there, flanked on one haiv! by Major
Harney and on the other by W. H. AJford, |
the tail tamarind of Tulare. Congrep.srnan i
Castle of the Seventh District had come I
all the way from San Diego to participate. !
Beth Mann sat next to the guest of honor. \
who t ccupied a chair to the right of the ;
to&stmaster. On the other wing was LaKe
Pence, laic of Colorado. There were oth
ers, but among them was not Mayor Phe
lan, who had promised to attend. It was
Bald that hts Honor had been obliged to
go to San Diego, for which reason he was
not present. As some of the banqueters
had seen the Mayor near the City Hall j
at 6 o'clock last evening, and as the train
ff>r Sun Diego left at a o'clock, the sus- ,
pirion arose that his Honor had another ,
reason for remaining away.
The proceedings wof? opened about 9:30
o'clock after the guests had been seated, |
when Dr. Edelman recited a short grace j
in ragtime to the accompaniment of an
orchestra of strings. He remarked that [
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
it was an Innovation at a Democratic ban
quet. It was received with applause, fol
lowed by a charge In phalanx on the good
things in sight and a general interchange
of political confidences that heightened
the relish of the green turtle soup, the
pates a la financiere and the "spring
chick" and put the final seal on the sim
plicity.
Late Pence, who had been associated
with that other Jeffersonian, W. \Y.
Foote, in securing during the day a suc
cessful verdict in a murder case in Oak
land, and who seriously meditated deliv
ering his unflushed argument for the de
fense as an eulogy of Magulre. was pre
vented at the last moment and was In
duced to respond to the toast, "Our Hon
ored Ouest." He spoke of his associa
tion with Maguire in Congress and eulo
fized the "Little Giant, taking, inci
cntally, occasion to remark:
"The more I study Gage, the prouder I
am that I supported Maguire. California
is a big State. It is long and wide; has
a lot of bottom and a heap of top. It is
a broad State and i«hnuld not have a nar
row-gauge Governor."
Before concluding Pence welcomed Ma
guire into the "Has Beens," saying with
Governor McDonald of his own Hoosier
State that the private station was the
post of honor.
Some of Pence's hearers were inclined
to take exception to this unceremonious
relegation of their idol to the private sta
tion, but it transpired later that he
seemed to know that of which he was
talking. The guest of honor, James G.
Maguire, when he arose next to respond
to the toast, "Thomas Jefferson," fully
bore him out.
"I am pleased to-night." he said, "with
the splendid representative character of
this gathering, representing as it does the
best citizenship of the State of which I
am proud to be a citizen. Suggestion was
made by our toastmaster that some of
our political opponents have been un
necessarily concerning themselves about
the banquet. So far as my political am
bitinns are concerned, their fears may
quiet. I have no personal ambition to be a
candidate for any office now or at any
time in the future of which I have any
present thought. I believe that I can in
private life, in the private station, do
more for the cause than by being either a
date for office or the occupant of any
office to which I might aspire."
In his succeeding panegyric of Thomas
rson and the principles he enumer
ated, the speaker grew eloquent again
and again, only to be interrupted by
cheers, and concluded amid a deafening
uproar of approval.
Mr. Maguire was followed by William
H. Alforci, who responded to the toast
"The Outlook for the Future"; St-lh
Mann, who responded to "Democracy,"
and Judge E. A. Bridgford, who respond
ed to "The Financial Question in Poll
tics."
The guests present were:
Kx-CnnsresEman James G. Maguire, ex-Gov
ernor James H. Budd, James V. Coleman,
tie, Isidore Gutte, James H.
Hairy. K. L. Fitzgerald, Bart Burke, Judtfe
William P. Lawlor, Harry Wilson, Lafe Pence.
Robert L. Mann. James Mahoney, Jameti .7.
Fllnn. Robert Day, E. A. Bridgford, Herman
GuttHtadt, F. G. Fallon, Dr. D. F. Ragan,
Gabriel Cohn, William H. Alford. C. A. Rey
nolds, Jeremiah Deany, Dr. E. E. Hill,. John
Burke, Walter Gallagher. Patrick Loughran.
Hugo Asher. W. J. Bryan. Charles H. Hol
comb. C. Kohne, Joseph Gassner. I^ouiß Metz
por. Samuel Waller, G. Groezlnger. Captain O.
Ludem, Oscar Hocks, Leonard Stone. Charles
Edelrnan, L. M. Manzer, W. L. Ashe, P. C.
O'Dowd. James J. Flynn, Gaston Ashe, H. L.
Blenfeld, P. J. Harney, Franklin K. Lane, J.
J. Dwyer, Marlon De Vrte», R. Porter A*he,
William Bmderlck, J. P. Warden, W C. (
Graves, T. F. Bonnet, Edward Wilson, Seth
Mann, Joseph Leggett, Isidore Panlelwitz, A.
P. Mlesejtaes, E. J. Hanlon, William flack.
Frank Malloy. < \ C. Colin. J. F. Bennett,
Joseph Rothschild, L. J. Dwyer. Edward Rock, I
Bert Schlesinger, Abe Jacobs, L. P. Ward, !
Thomas J. Martin, James J. Maher, George j
Cabanls. Edward T. Minnehan, Lawrence Hoey ;
T. E. Treacy, Jack Kavanagh, Edward God- \
chaux, A. L, li*mon. Dr. M. Magnus. Rudolph '
Luders. James L. Gallagher, Dr. Charles A. i
Clinton, William Hint.n, A. B. Klnne, J. J. i
McDode, Georfip D. Gillesple, William Abbott, i
L. Michel. Charles F. Burgman, Henry Ryan, i
Fred Raabe.
1 ♦ .
FOR MURDERING HER CHILD.
The Motion to Dismiss in the Case of
Mrs. Minnie Adams Argued
and Judgment Reserved.
The argument on the motion to dis
miss in the case of Mrs. Minnie Adams,
charged with the murder of her child,
was held before acting Police Judge Bar
ry yesterday afternoon.
Attorney Caldwell made the motion,
and contended that the prosecution had
utterly failed to prove the corpus delicti
and there was not sufficient evidence to
hold the defendant to answer before the
Superior Court. He argued that no mo
tive had been shown; that Drug Clerk
Pulenky had failed to Identify the de
fendant as the woman who purchased a
bottle of carbolic acid, and he pointed
out the difforencp In time between Police
man Herllhy and Oripman Cox as to
seeing the defendant. Tie believed that
the policeman was mistaken and that Cox
was not telling the truth, but wanted to
pose as a would-be policeman and ama
teur hawkshaw. He also paid his at
tention to Wilson Gray, the father of the
child, whom he characterized as an apol
ogy for a man.
Prosecuting Attorney Carpenter replied
briefly and logically. He contended that
th<=> corpus delicti had been proved cir
cumstantially and inferential!}-, and a
motive had been shown in the very fact
that the child was the outcome of illicit
relations between Orav and the mother.
He contended that sufficient evidence had
been adduced to hold the defendant
Attorney Sweeney replied for the 'de
fendant, and the Judge said he would
reserve his decision till next Thursday
$50,000 Insurance Wanted on a Jer
sey Bull.
Application has been made for insur
ance of 550.000 on the famous young Jer
sey bull, Merry Maiden's Son. owned at
Hood farm. I^nwell, Mass. This is the
highest amount of insurance ever astced
for on a hull or cow. Merry Maiden's
Son Is believed to be the irwst famous
Jersey bull living, as he is the son of
Merry Maiden, the champion sweep
stakes cow In all three tests combined
at the World's Fair, and his Fire is Brown
Bessie's Son. whose dam won the 90 days'
and 30 days' tests at the World's Fair
Thus Merry Maiden's Son unites the
blood of these two famous cows and
great results are expected from his
progeny.
Lan Maclaren Sees the Sights.
A party consisting of lan Maclaren, his
Wife, Major Pond, his manager; Mayor
Phelan and several other ladles and gen
tlemen left the Palace Hotel -yesterday
morning at 11 o'clock in a four-horse drag
on a sightseeing trip.
They were flrht driven through the prin
cipal streets of the city, the Mayor point
ing out the prominent buildings and 'other
places of note. After that the party was
sped on its way to the park, Cliff House
Presidio and the other points which have
made San Francisco famous. They re
turned to the hotel at 5 o'clock, and lan
Maclaren, who has a keen sense of the
beautiful, expressed himself as delighted
with the interesting sights lie had wit
nessed.
Trunks, valises, pocketbooks and dia
ries. Best goods, best values at Sanborn
& Tail's. .-..:- ■-.;..; •
Widber's Shortage.
A judgment was handed down by .fudge
Hunt yesterday in the action of the city
and county against A. C. Widber, the
dr-faulting Treasurer, now doing time in
San Quentin. The city i.« given judg
ment against "Widber for the sum of
J17.52S 72. which amount will be realized
out of defendant's property.
"»" Cleveland bicycles. $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents. $a r >. I.oavitt & Rill. 309 Larkin.*
Wants Heavy Damages.
Suit was filed yesterday by Mabel
Townsend against the California-street
Cable Railway Company to recover $10,500
damages for personal injuries. It is al
leged by the plaintiff that while she was
in the act of alighting from one of de
fendant'r cars at O'Farrell and Jones
streets on February 7 last the car sud
denly started, threw her against the
dummy seats and fractured two of her
ribs.
Bishop Spalding gives advice on
the education of women, in next
Sunday's CalL
NOT SATISFIED
WITH THE ODD
FELLOWS' HOME
Two Reports as to Its
Condition.
ITS REMOVAL IS URGED
THE GRAND LODGE IS ASKED
TO ACT.
Division of Opinion in Belation to
Soil and Climate— A Sugges
tion to Sell the
Place.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
held in this city in 1598 Daniel Flint
(chairman), Samuel F. Smith and J. J.
Loggie were appointed a committee by
the grand master to report on the condi
tion of the Odd Fellows' Home at Ther
mallto and make such recommendations
as it deemed necessary.
The committee has performed its labor
and will present two reports to the Grand
Lodge next month, for the committee is
divided. The majority will be with Smith
and Loggie and the other with Chairman
Flint.
Both reports go into details as to the
home, the land upon which it is located,
the climate, the improvements that have
been made, and each makes suggestions.
The majority says:
The soil of the uplands (all except twenty
five acres In the river bottom) is a red clay,
interspersed and underlaid with gravel; it
varies from twelve inches to twenty-four
inches in depth, is non-productive and
sterile, being deficient In lime, potash and
phosphoric add; it is not adapted to or
suitable for general farming purposes or the
raising of hay, grain, deciduous fruits,
berries or vegetables, and cannot be suc
cessfully used for the growing of those
things most needed at th* home, without
being strengthened by the addition of strong
fertilizer?, and loosened by being mixed
with large quantities of sand.
According to instructions received from
Professor Hilgard samples of the soil
were sent him, and after examination ha
wrote to Past Grand George H. Morrison:
It is certainly not a desirable tract to lo
cate an agricultural colony on, or any insti
tution that desires to gTOW Its own supply
of vegetables.
I should add that I have seen much bet
ter soil samples from Thermalito Colony,
and was not aware that any portion of it
was so little adapted to agricultural use as
ll indicated by the samoles sent.
As to climate, the report says that "it
is hot and dry in summer and cold and
dry in winter, the thermometer ranging
from 26 degrees Fahrenheit in winter to
112 in summer." There is also consider
able malaria and the majority report
says that "we cannot otherwise report
than that the home is located in a mala
rious district and one which is, for that
reason, not adapted for a home for aged
brothers." There is also some complaint
as to distance and cost of transportation,
which is $9 for the round trip from San
Francisco. The conclusions of the ma
jority are:
First— That It should be a healthful loca
tion.
Second— That the location and soil should
be guch that all the vegetables, fruits, ber
ries, hay, grain and other produce required
by the institution might be raised at the
home, with the help of the inmates there
of, thus reducing the expense to a mini
mum.
Neither of these requirements is realized
at the home at Thermallto. Malaria is
prevalent to such an extent as to make the
home an undesirable and unsuitable place
01 residence, and the soil is of suuh a na
ture that It Is not adapted for the raising
of those thlnes most needed at the home,
and can be made so only by a larger ex
penditure of money than would be Justified
under the circumstances. Were the home
located un a farm with a fertile and pro
ductive soil, with the labor of the inmates
who are willing, able and anxious to work,
devoted to the raising of vegetables, fruits,
berries hay, grain, chickens, cattle, hogs,
etc., most. If not all, of such things netded
could be raised on the premises, thus reduc
ing- the cost of maintenance from one-half
to two-thirds of its present cost, and under
such conditions it is even probable that suf
ficient surplus produce could be raised to
make a home practically self-supporting,
or If not -wholly self-sustaining, requiring
but little assistance from the Grand Lodge.
Such a location can be obtained at such a
price that it will be true economy to aban
don the present location and to secure a
new one adapted to our needs.
The majority recommends that no more
lands be purchased at the present site;
that no more money be used in making
improvements on tne present holdings;
that the purchased lands be put on the
market and the proceeds be placed in a
"home fund," with which to purchase a
new site; that the trustees enter into
negotiation? with the donors of the prop
erty whereby the property may be sold,
it riot, to rent the property to the best ad
vantage after a new home shall have been
secured; that a small annual per capita
tax be collected from the jurisdiction to
be added to the home fund to purchase a
site when the fund shall amount to $20,000.
and when another $20,000 shall be raised
either by surplus after purchase of site
or otherwise to erect a new home on the
site; that pending the establishment of a
new home the sanitary conditions be im
proved and shade trees be planted, and
that the orchard be fertilized to make it
more salable.
The minority of the committee has a
different opinion as to the soil and ex
presses the opinion that "it responds lib
erally to a dressing of manure and a lib
eral supply of water." He does not think
that the trustees made a good business
stroke in purchasing certain lands near
the home and suggests that they be dis
posed of at the earliest opportunity. He
does not agree with the majority as to
malaria, for he says:
Borne of the members, high up in author
ity, have stated that It was criminal to
keep the home at such a malarious place as
Thermalito. It hardly seems that a person
with cool judgment and an' investigating
turn of mind would make such a rash
statement. "We have to admit that there is
more or less malaria in every county of ths
State, and in certain climates and under
certain conditions It develops sooner and
more severely than in other*. From the high
elevation of the home, on the bluff, eighty
feet above the river, it would hardly seem
that malaria could maintain its existence
amid the gentle breezes that waft the
fragrance from the orchards of the lemon,
orange and olive.
In conclusion the minority says:
After receiving the munificent gift that
the home has from the colony, and the kind
feelings manifested and expressed from the
citizens of Oroville, the amount that ha*
been spent by the order in fitting up the
■ buildings and Improving the premises, and
making things attractive, convenient and
homelike, we say. fully holding ourselves
for the responsibility of this report. it
would be the height of folly and unbusiness
like methods to attempt its removal at pres
ent. I --■
We cannot urge too -strongly upon the
grand lodge the duty of electing trustees,
and the trustees a superintendent, that v. ill
apply strictly business methods, and fully
in sympathy with the .home and its loca
tion. Every movement, purchase and Im
provement should look well to the future.
Thesf> reports will cause a lengthy and
exciiing debate during the grand session,
fnr th<* representatives of the 30.000 Odd
Fellows in the State are about evenly di
vided on the subject of the home, which
has already cost the order $37,526.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh St., corner Mission. Salt water,
direct from ocean.
.■♦ » .
THE BULL AND THE SERGEANT.
A Bovine From Stockton Makes
Trouble on the Water Front.
When the Stockton steamer landed at
Clay street wharf yesterday among her
cargo' was a Hereford bull which was
labeled dangerous. A board was hung
from its horns In front of Its eyes, and to
this fact Sergeant Tom Mahoney and
Johnny ("Rats") Burns owe their escape
.from serious Injuries. The b_u.H ,was bejy^
led off the wharf and when in front of the
chief wharfinger's office made its escape.
It caught sight of Burns from under the
board and charged. Johnny escaped by
taking refuge under his express wagon.
The animal then saw Sergeant Mahoney
and charged again. The police officer
quickly put a telegraph pole between him
and the infuriated brute. Then began a
pretty game of tag, and the sergeant was
kept dodging around that pole until his
collar was wilted and the perspiration
was pouring eff him. Penally the bull was
lassoed and tied vp behind a wagon so
that it could do no more damage. The
sergeant and Johnnny "Rats" will not
forget yesterday's experience in a hurry.
Captain Paul Pohl of the Piper. Aden,
Goodall Company's schooner Brothers
wants the owner for a carrier pigeon with i
the tag W 565 on its leg. Yesterday the
Brothers was sailing down San Pablo !
Bay when Captain Pohl saw a hawk |
chasing a pigeon. The latter flew for the '
I schooner, but before It could reach safety
; the hawk struck it. Both birds fell, and |
! had they struck the deck would have been
instantly killed. They struck tho main
! sail, however, and thnt broke tho'r fall.
i Captain Pohl seized the pigeon and the I
! ship's dog tackled the hawk. The bird i
| made the dos's fur fly and soon drove him j
off. after which it flew away. The pigeon !
| was wounded around the neck, but in a i
' few minutes recovered and is now as
well as ever.
A QUIET WEDDING
AT THE COLONIAL
Mrs. Bell SpafTord was very quietly mar
ried ypsterday afternoonin her apartments
at the Hotel Colonial to R. W. Wellington,
a railroad contractor of Chicago. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, in the presence of the
bride's two daughters and one or two
intimate friends.
The details of the wedding were so
quietly arranged that the utmost seoercy
was preserved up to the very hour of the j
ceremony.
Mr. and Mrs. Wellington left on the
afternoon train for Santa Cruz, where
Mrs. Wellington has a charming home.
They will spend two weeks there and then
go to Chicago to reside.
Chinatown Gamblers.
When the cases of thirty Chinese ar
rested by Lieutenant Esola and posse at
Washington street and "Waverley place
were called In Judge Mogan's court yes
terday the lieutenant did not appear, but
sent Sergeant Christiajisen, who asked
for a continuance till to-morrow. The
continuance was granted, but Attorney
Coffey, who appeared for the defendants,
made a demand for the return of the
J4750 illegally seized by the police at th<?
time of the raid. The Judge said he
would render a decision on the matter
to-day. The five Chinese arrested by
Lieutenant Price and posse for visiting
an opium "joint" were convicted by Judge
Mogan yesterday and ordered to appear
for sentence this mornlnp.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ay . t*9**l\
snrfO MEN. YOUNG OR OLD. WHO i
1 feel themselves going backward, f
whose vital force is declining as a re- $
suit of mistakes and carelessness of f
the pact; to men who want more vim, ;
IS confidence and "nerve," I offer to send, !
closely sealed, free, a book telling how ;
these elements may be restored. It la ;
j full of those things a man like 3 to read; <
II full of encouragement and hope to men i
j ly sealed, free, a book telling- how
I these elements may be restored. It ia
lull of those things a man iikes to read:
I full of encouragement and hope mi men
i I who are weak. Ask for it to-day,
i I DR. M. A. McLAUGHLIX, 702 Market
* I street, corner Kearny, San Francisco. fc
*For the Best $10 Suit
to order you must go to /
JOE POHEIM. ;!
For $25 you can get a ('
fine, well made and well \
trimmed suit at Xv . |i
JOE POHEIM'S.;!
Wiil cost elsewhere $40. /
All-wool, styTsh-cut i|
Pants to oider from $4 i|
to $12 at ]i
JOE POHEUVTS,
'i 20:-293 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush ,'
) 1110-1112 Market St.. S. F. "(
PURE, HEALTHY, /*%
FRAGRANT. RM
The unnatural odor from per- *W5sS» &*^
spiration and all other impurities * TflT-'-*^
are speedily and completely removed and the
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
tone by the dally use, in toilet and bath, of
'HURT'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
BURY'S Facial Cream.
0.0 0000000000000000
% r ?.? PALACE wZ
ZGRARID
o SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway.
0 1400 Roomf— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
O KOTS THE PB10E3: O
0 European Plan. B:l .OO per day and upward Q
n American Plan.?'.". oo per day and upward -.
" Correspondence Scllcited. ■ v
0 JOHN 0. KIRiPATRICK, Msnager. O
ooocoooooooooooooo
________ __—^-^^— — — ___ —
IVICrOrV/IX A ««torcs vitality
NtMVI I M lost vigor.
— AND MANHOOD
K&v**' J Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
b^p'jSl M Miscasts, all effect) of self-abuse, or excess and
Jjt indiscretion. A nerve'tonie and blood/builder.
vsa ' »£-jy' Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
h. $i£<b-J stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
Kft^^^L box; 6 bores (or $2.50: with a written
I^ilW^m N : guarantee to cure or "fund the money-
R«r»l:a medical Co., £Un!on ft Jackson $f*. Chicago.
Owl Drug Co.. Sole Agts.. 1128 Market. S. F.
*'4tißB®%Sltr£*na mg *"" a non-poi!ionon«
I ' 1^ *lfci Ml ffmedy for (ionnrrhfca,
JKEBrcVin:t?Vam Gleet, Spermatorrhcea,
&£Srln 1 to a doyi. Vfj Whites, unnatural dii.
Mfmff Oc»r«nteed ft ch.aigeH, or any inflamme-
Jfaatjf not to itrlctar*. tion, irritation ur ..ra-
|»—^ TrsTSnts cou'.igioa. tion of uucoull mem-
ff*\THEEvAHSCHEMinu(lo. braneg. Non-astringenfc
MmCINCIN<IAT!,O Sold by 3>reKJfistis,
icSfo!-3v 03 a a■ or 6eut ' v Pl a n wrapper,
<tv^a»»__ " 'ajyin by cs Press, prepaid, fol
*<B®B^UB&&<k 11-00I 1 - 00 - or s "ottlea, 12.75.
'^smprv |5 Oirstuar Mot ou nojzssb
.Mil. T. HESS.
HOTART POBLIO AND ATTOBNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell,
Fan Francisco.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
■ Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments nt city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c: Children, 15c; including admission •
to grounds.
——THE STEAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
..U:H a. in., 3 and ss. m. ;~j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Prescription
Accuracy—
Drug Purity — Lowest Prices.
These three items receive the
greatest attention in our daily
business. There is nothing
too good for us in the Drug
Line. ■•
Cuticura Resolvent 80c
Yin Mariani $I.oo'
Peruna ...Ssc
Todd's Sarsaparilla 75c
Ayer's Sarsaparilla 70c
Chlchester Pennyroyal Pills $1.50
Kilmer's Swamp Root 40c and SOc
Injection Brou 75c
Big C, 75c
Santa! Midy .....75c
7 Sutherland Sisters' Hair Restorer. .3sc
McCormick Hair Dye Ssc
Stewart's Dyspepsia Tablet*. and SOc
Ayer'B Hair Vigor 70c
Hay's Hair Health 40c
Mellin's Food 85c and 55c
Herlick's Malted Milk 40e and 75c
Pierce' 8 Medical Discovery 70c
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
L V^949-95l MARKfrSt
" Jf ■*— - 'HHCX-TO_H ALE BROS. —" •
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Mariani Wine Tonic
Marvellous Results in Cases of
SPRING FEVER
FOR SALE AT ALL DRUGGISTS' EVERY-*
VHERE. AVOID SUBSTITUTES. Portrait*
and endorsements free
..i.iiUAM & co., ... W. l.'.th St.. new YORK.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST WEEKS OF THE
BOSTONIANS.
LAST 2 NIGHTS. MAT. SAT.
Victor Herbert's tuneful opera.
The SERENADE
NEXT WEfEK-
The ever popular
ROBIN HOOD.
SEA-S NOW SELLING.
■
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST LECTURE THIS AFTERNOON
AT 3:30.
MACLAREN."
RESERVED SEATS, 500-,- 75c. $1 and $1 50.
CHILDREN, 25c and 50c.
TWO GREAT HITS!
MARSHALL P. WILDER,
World's Greatest Monologuist,
KARA, "THE GREAT,"
World's Greatest Juggler.
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and her Pickanin-
nies.
HENGLER SISTERS. Parisian Danseuses.
POLK & KOLLINS. THE MATWEEF3,
MANNING & WESTON. PANTZER BROS.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
LAST FOUR TIMES.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Belasco & De Mille's Comedy Drama,
THE
CHARITY
BALL.
next WEEK-
Roland Speed's
Farcical Success,
BCXJT^EBXJO.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
Morosco Amusement Co. (Inc.) Lessees
IMMENSE SUCCESS OF THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY*
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
"THE BLACK HUSSAR"
; The Greatest Singing Chorus in America.
Largest Orchestra in the City. An Ensemble
Never to Be Forgotten.
A $2 Production at These Popular Prices:
Orchestra Chairs. 50c, 75c and $1
Dress Circle (Reserved) .Vie
Family Circle j '.....25c
Gallery 15c
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW for
Ladles and Children.
Prices— l.'c, 25c. 50c, Toe. Nothing Higher.
Monday Next, Another Bis Production — "THE
QUEEN'S LACE HANDKERCHIEF."
Seats Now Selling.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING
A DELIGHT FOR YOUNG AND OLD.
OUR EASTER EXTRAVAGANZA.
BEAUTIFUL
GOLDEN LOCKS.
MIRTH and MAGIC-FUN and FROLIC.
MERRY DANCERS
SEE THE CRYSTAL STAIRCASE.
MATINEE TO MORROW AT 2 P. M.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
POPULAR PRICE, 25c and 50c. —
Our Telephone Bush 9.
E >PATENTSf 3
[ VBS^33Q MARKET ST.kf.^S^
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction weaker.
Wheat and Barley about the same.
The other .cereals dull.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Heavy receipts of Alfalfa Hay.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions still weak.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter weak anil Eggs- higher.
Poultry firm and In light supply.
Fruits about as usual.
Plied Fruits very scarce.
Provisions unchanged.
Dressed Hogs weakening.
Increased Revenue collections.
REVENUE COLLECTIONS.
Internal Revenue collections in this district
In March were $270,252. against $144. in
March, IS9B, and included $79,13i> for beer, $77,
--214 for spirits. $22.14>"i for tobacco and $53,159 for
war stamps. The collections for the first quar
ter of the year amount to $752. 945. against
$336,303 for the same time in IS9&. The war tax
accounts for the major part of this increase.
CANNED GOODS IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says:
"There Is a substantial agreement among
ranned goods men that the outlook for the
business was never better. With practically
the entire country prosperous ar.d the prob
abilities bright that it will remain so for years
to come, there is no reason why all canned
goods men should not reap a substantial re
ward for their efforts. Trie only drawback is
the higher price of can manufacturers' mate
rials and the uncertainty as to what turn
prices will take in the future. The sale of fu
tures was ntver so heavy as It has been so far
this season, and the sale of the bulk of the
fruits and most of the fish is yet to come
"It is said that there have been liberal
sales of salmon at prices to be made in the
future. Some of the contracts are made for
positive delivery, but a good many have a
t-.ifety tiause which packers are in
fcertlng wherever possible to save themselves
from such expensive experiences as they had
last year. The outlook for a. large pack is not
encouraging. Not only is the prospect for a
email run of fish, but the cold storage men are
mnkir.R considerable purchases, which will re
duce the number to be sold to packers. The
rnce asked for fish by some of the fishermen
is almost' fabulous, and it is difficult to see
where packers can make a profit. Spot sup
plies are closely cleaned up. It there was any
cheap stuff obtainable it would go at remark
ably good prices for under grades, but the
supply on hand is comparatively short and is
sa:d to be controlled by holders who have
agreed to hold quotations up to the present
nark.
"sardir.es re steady at present, ■with ad
vancing tendency noted. There is a probabil
ity that there will be another advance as soon
a? the syndicate actually set the canneries
into their control. Some holders . ■•• asking $3
already, but the inside figure is about $2 TO
(1/2 75. All who have paid any attention to the
subject insist that the next move will be up
to id.
"Oysters are high, ar.d the quantity avail
able is smaller than usual, though the exact
extent of the reduction is at present uncertain.
It is said that prices will rule high during the
season. The shortage was caused by the cold
weather, which prevented thing when it was
time.
"Lobster is almost unobtainable. There will
be no lower prices on best grades and trade is
quite likely to be restricted by the quotations
now prevailing."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. April «, 5 p. m.
The follow-in? are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared to those of sane date last
season and rainfall in last 24 hours :
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka O.fiO 31.07 50. 43
Red Bluff 0.00 19.29 12.71
Saernmrnto 0.00 13. Jl S.*7
Pan Francisco 0.00 15. 3S 7.75
Fresno 0.(V) 6.62 4.18
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 14. 52 6.06
Los Angeles 0.00 4. 73 5.2S
Pan Dj^go 0.00 4.54 4 09
Yuma 0.00 1.34 1.62
Pan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
72: minimum, 51: mean. *2.
weather CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
Forecast.
Generally clear weather prevails over the Pa
cific Slope this evening. Light rain has fallen
ever Pueet Pound and Northern Montana.
The pressure continues to rise over the north
ern portion of the Pacific Coast.
The temperature has risen over the •western
portion of the country. The maximum tem
peratures were about SO degrees throughout
the interior valleys of California to-day.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight April 7, ISS9:
Northern California— Fair; continued warm
Friday: light northerly wind.
Southern California— Fair; continued warm
Friday: fresh northwest wind.
Nevada — Fair: continued warm Friday.
Utah— Fair: warmer Friday.
Arizona— Fair; continued warm Friday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair; continued
warm Friday: light north wind.
G. H. WILLBON, I»:al Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 6.— Stock prices started
badly • lay and eloped weak at the
lowest. CroD advices 'were unfavorable and
these were given color by the advance in
wheat, but •he principal cause for the shaking
Of confidence was a renewal of stringency on
the call money market. Discrimination In
loans in certain industrials and specialties
made some brokers disinclined to carry mar
ginal accounts for some of these properties.
This attitude was taken advantage of by the
bear contingent and promiscuous selling of the
general laity group followed. Among the
more conspicuous breaks were Brooklyn Tran
sit 1?, MetroDolttan S l -;, Manhattan 74. Con
solidated Gas and American Steel 7 each. Fed
eral Steel and Tobacco about 5 each and many
other Interests from 3 to 4. Some of the stocks
Closed above the lowest, Brooklyn Transit.
Manhattan and Consolidated Gas being con
spicuous. The declines in the more active rail
ways approximated 2 points. The acknowl
edged hull leaders, presumably having liqui
dated, seemed apathetic in selling during down
ward course of properties with which they are
Identified. There were occasional rallies ap
parently, only to afford a new level from which
to let go stocks. The recent continued advance
In many mocks, which eliminated much of the
ehort interest.-, ide the decline rapid as there
was no support from this quarter. Many stop
loss orders were uncovered, thus accelerating
the decline. London early purchased about as
much as it sold yesterday, but the market
there followed local quotations so nearly
that early trade business ceased. There was
much money borrowed early on call- around 6
and S per cent on. railways, but 2 per cent or
more in addition was exacted on Industrial
collateral, and 12 rer cent for call loans was
reached at times during the day. Before the
close money was offered down from S to 4 per
cent on railroad collateral after more urgent re
quirements tor the money had been met but
later loans wfremade at 6 per cent. The con
tinued .high rates for money had not
brought as much money from outside
points as expected. Boston, however loaned"
some money in New York to-day. The demand
for money for interest and dividend payment
together with the recurrent necessity of financ
ing industrial companies, were assigned as the
reason ior the rresent scarcity of funds
Heavy offering of the active issues were
made in the bond market to-day coincident
with the declines In stocks. Total sales V 790 -
Off). United States fives advances V* and the
threes and the new. fours Vi in the bid price
Total sales of stocks to-day were 970 400
Fharcp. including: Atchison preferred 36 S4O
Burlington 30,655, Manhattan 43,650. Metropoli
tan 9345, Mexican Central 18,060. Reading first
preferred 14,360, Missouri Pacific 72 770 M X
and T. preferred 33.570, New York Central' 11 -
SCO, Northern Pacific MB6, Rock Island l» 260
Union Pacific 21.555, Union Pacific preferred
S--.313. St. Paul 20, 165. Wabash preferred 11 300
American Steel and Wire SS.3S6, American c 'tee'l
er.d Wire preferred 4500, Paper 6775, Cotton Oil
4320, Spirits 4045. Tobacco 4260. Federal Steel
72.143. Federal Steel preferred 19,553. People's
Gat< 23,150, Consolidated Gas <V2O. Colorado Fuel
and Iron 3145. Brooklyn Transit 119.481 Con
tinental Tobacco 13,3'j5, Pacifl.c Mall 6400 Sugar
20,106, Tennessee Coal and Iron 13,836 Leather
630:;, Leather preferred 21, 550. Rubber 1' 470
Western Union 11.349. -• Louis and Southwest
ern preferred 4W, Chicago Great Western 6000
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atrhison JII4J Do prefd .... 2->Ti
L>o prefd «1 7 (, Ft Paul "l"?
Baltimore & Ohio. 70 | Do prefd ... 170
Canada Pacific S6 1 * ,St P& Om '.'. 94«
Canada Southern.. 56 j Do prefd '.!165
Cont Pac, Ist assmt [Bo Pacific ; 33%
l>a!d 51 % Bo Railway 124
Ches & Ohio -■ 1 1 Do prefd SOU
Chi & Alton 16S Texas & Pacific... 2
Chi B & Q 142*4 Union Pacific .... 46' i
Chi & E 111 72 Do prefd .... 79it
£Jo prefd 123 V PD & G 13"
Chi G W 16 'Wa.bash tv,
Chi Ind & L S%\ Do prefd 24
£>o Prefd 42 Wheel & L E 11%
Chi & N W 158%! Do prefd SH*
Do prefd 193 I Express Companies—
C C C & St L b*K Adams Ex 110
Do prefd 97 American Ex 140
Pel & Hudson 11614 ' United States El
Pel L & W 173Vi{Wem Fargo 125
Pen & Rio G 2l^t Miscellaneous—
Do prefd 74 A Cot Oil 36*
Erie new 13-4! Do prefd 91« i
Do Ist prefd .... 37* Amn Spirits 14',
Ft Wayne 180 I Do prefd 38Vi
Ct Nor prefa 100 Am Tobacco 223
H-y^inK Val »S! Do prefd 140
Illinois Cent Ul>; Cons Gas 195>j
Lake Erie & W.... 19 (Com Cable Go ISO
Do prefd ........ 664 : Co! F & Iron 36%
Lake Shore 200 ' Do prefd 94
Louis & Nash 65 Gen Electric 114
Manhattan L ..:...U94iHaw Coml Co SO
Met St Ry ISO I Brooklyn R T 122
Mich Cent 114 Intnl Paper 524
Minn & St L 51 j Do prefd 82
Do Ist prefd .... 98 Laclede Gas 53
Mo Pacific 4534 Lead 35%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 44 Do prefd 113
Mo X & T 13 Nat Lin Oil 54
Do prefd Pacific Mall 50
N J Central IIS (People's Gas 123%
N V Central 189* Pullman Pal 160
N T Chi & St L.... 134 Filver Cert 60
Do Ist prefd .... 65 .Ptandard R & T.. 10
Do 2d prefd .... 32 Sugar 162%
Nor West IS Do prefd 116
No Amer Co 9Vi'F C & Iron 56%
No Pacific 51% D 8 Leather 74
Do prefd 7sU> Do prefd 73
Ontario & W 26%, C S Rubber 514
Or R & Nay 40 | Do prefd 1164
Or Short Line .... 41% > West Union 93%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. SS Fed Steel •"!"<
Do 2d prefd .... 62 I Do prefd 874
Pittsburg 180 .Am S & W C 0.... 644
Reading 23%, Do prefd SSU
Do Ist prefd 65% Con Tobacco 56
R G W So ' Do prefd SS
Do prefd 754 Colo Southern .... 6%
Rock Island 117 I Do Ist prefd .... 54
St L A- S F 11%! Do 2d prefd .... 21
Do prefd 70 Pac Coast 42
Do 2d prefd — 38% Oregon Nay prefd. 70
St I.' & S W II 1
CLOSING BOND?
U S3s 108 NJC 5s 1184
D S new 4? Reg 129% N Carolina 6s 130
Do coup 129 VDo 4s 10S
U S 4s 112% No Pac lsts 11*4
Do coup 114 Do 3s 67%
Do 2ds 994 Do 4s 1C24
U Ess reg....... 114 NYC& St L 45. .105%
Do 6s coup 114 Nor A- W6s 130
District 3.65s 117 Northwestern c0n. 1434
Ala class A 109 i Do deb 5? 123
Do B 109 O Nay lsts 11l
Do C 100 p Nay 4s 101%
Do Currency 100 lO S Line 6s tr 1254
Atchison 4s 1004'O S Line 5s tr 11l
Do adj 4s 8314C010 Southern 45.. S6
Can So 2ds 110 i Reading 4s 594
C & O 44s M R G W lets 97
Chi Term 4s 99% St L & I M err. 55. 109
C & Ohio 5s 119>4 St L A S F gen 6s. 123%
C H & D 44* 104 VSt P Con 1654
D & R O Ist? 1054 St P C & p 15t5. ..1214
D & R G 4s 101 Do 5? 120%
East Term lsts 105 So Ry os 10S 1 *
Erie Gen 4s 72 Stand R & T 65... 90' i
F W & D lsts tr.. 834 Term new set 35... 97
Gen Elec as 115 Tex Pac L G lsts.. 1134
C, H&S A6a 11l | Do Rg 2ds 534
Do -is 110 Union Pac Ist? 105%
H&T Cf! 112 UPD & G lsts... 92
Do con 6s 110 I Wabash Ist 58....1164
lowa C lsts 1084 1 Do 2ds 97
La new con 4s 109% W Shore 4s 114
L & N I'm 4s 964 1 Va Centuries 544
Mo Pac con 6s 120 | Do deferred 9%
M X & T 2ds 6S ,Wls Cent lsts 67%
N V Central lsts.. 114 4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 6 23
Crown Point 10 Ophlr 100
Con Cal & V 1 85 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry 41 Do prefd 760
Hale & Norcross.. 34 Sierra Nevada 115
Hcmestake 55 '<> Standard 2 10
Iron Silver 60 Union Con 50
Mexican 70 Yellow Jacket 22
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— j Do prefd I*.;
Call loans 3 -54 Wis Cent Hi
Time loans 34@44 Ed Elec Tel 2f»2
Stocks— Atch prefd 60%
Atch Top &St Fe. 214 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 162% Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 117 j Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 355 ;Allouez Mm Co 94
Bel! Tel 250 | Atlantic 32
Boston & A1bany.. 1754 Boston & Mont 360
Boston & Maine... 99 Butte & Boston 564
Boston L 142 Calumet & Hecla..S2o
Chi Bur & Q 118 Centennial 41
Fitchburg 1144 Franklin M
Federal Steel 65V01d Dominion 45
Do prefd 874 Osceola 934
Mexican Central... 13%'Quincy 170
Old Colony 202 Tamarack 240
Rubber 52 Wolverine 46
San Diego 46i; Parrott 55
Union Pa-' 934 Humboldt 2Vi
West End 113 Adventure 14
Do prefd 494 Union Land 74
Westingh Elec 64 Mich Telegraph,.. S3
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April —The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were extremely idle to-day
and the tone was dull. The American market
was merely nominal. It opened at par and
then improved a trifle. New York bought
slightly, but the close was reactionary. New
York bought mainly Mexican Central, but the
Morgans deny the story of a deal. Tintos
were 41%; Anacondas, 8%. Money was in fair
supply on a release of the Government divi
dend.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 6.— Canadian Pacific. 864;
Northern Pacific preferred. 614: Union Pacific
preferred. £2%; Grand Trunk, S 5 »: Bar Silver,
steady. 27T»d per ounce: Money, I%'S2 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 6.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26,381 barrels; exports. 24.206 bushels. More ac
tive on winter straights and generally firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 6600 bushels; exports, 172.
--705 bushels. Spot easy. No. 2 red. 72c afloat.
Options opened firm and sustained an irregu
lar advance en bad crop news and foreign buy
ing. In the afternoon bear traders, gaining
courage through small clearances and export
Interest, attacked the market with success. It
broke a cent from the top and closed easy
at a partial 4c net advance. May, 774@754c,
closed 77%-c: July 764@77%c, closed 76% c;
spot, 74Vft7o s i,c, closed 74% c.
HOPS—
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— Tin moved up a peg to-day on
continued heavy demand and scarcity of spot
offerings. The other departments were gen
erally steady to firm, but quiet and practic
ally unchanged. News from the West and
abroad was pretty much as expected. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, nominal at $10 60.
LAKE Unchanged, at SIS.
TlN— Firmer, with $24 40 bid and $24 SO asked.
LEAD— DuII, at $4 25. The brokers' price
for lead is $4 10 and for copper $!*■ 50.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $6 50 bid and
$6 60 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 30,000 bags, includ-
Ing: May, $5 0*; July, 15 1096 20; September,
$5 40; October, $5 45; November, 15 50; Decem
ber, $5 65; January, $'■ 70; February, }.-. 75;
March, $5 85. Spot coffee — No. 7 invoice, 6T»c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild— Steady and fairly
active. Cordova—
SUGAß—Raw, active. Fair refining, 4c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 44c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2853 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 16@214c; Elgins, 214 c; fac-i
tory, 124©144 c.
EGGS— Receipts. 11,427 packages. Steady.
Western, 124 ; g13c; Southern, 12@124c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, April California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED — Common. 7Q:Sc;
prime wire tray., 8%@8%c; choice, 9@oV«c; fan
cy. 9ai@loc.
; PRUNES— 4H694C.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@14c; Moorpark, 134®
17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8-gllc; peeled, 2S@2Bc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 6 —The wheat market was
exceedingly nervous and uncertain. Milder
weather and somewhat lower Liverpool cables
caused some liquidation at the start and a
consequent decline. The sellers were soon
bailed out, however, and as soon as the sell
| Ing preprur^ was removed, the market had a
■ rapid recovery on buying orders from traders
who had further crop damage news from the
country. May opened KO%c lower at from
72*4 C down to 72*»c. and after rising to 73c
without any wild stirring of the contending
forces, the price shot suddenly up to 73 e nc.
i July was responsive to the buying on crop
damagt complaints, but for the time being did
not get above 73Sc The price of May gradu
ally receded to around 73c. and then occurred
a struggle among some large scalpers to see
•wtio could unload fastest. The selling result
ed in a sudden collapse to 72^c for both May
"and July. Then a recovery set in that was
: about as sudden as th? slump had been. July
was the leader on the second rally, going to
iHe premium for a time. Everything gave
I place to the influence of the shoals of sen
sationally bad crop reports that came from
all directions.
From Nebraska "total ruin" was the cry
from many sections, and Kansas was not :ar
behind, the exception being a report of less
than 50 per cent damage. Many claimed the
lotses to be 75 per cent. The feeling of opera
tion to an advance was not allayed, however
Every advance brought out free offerings from
the local talent which the market was not
broad enough to absorb without yielding tem
porarily. Atlantic port clearances were equal
in wheat and flour to 210,000 bushels. As the
crowd had loaded up on every bulge, the bur
den became too heavy near the end and they
were compelled to drop some of It as tho
session approached the close. May reachei
735;!g73*,c on one of Its upward stretches, and
twice it dropped to 72** c and recovered again
to over 73c. .but finally rested at 72% c. July
closed 'ie higher than May at ~2\r.
a was sluggish and disinclined to ad
vance even when wheat was in a bullish mood
Trading was only on a moderate scale and
chiefly for local account. May corn closed
unchanged.
OATS— brisk demand from the country was
the main feature. There was a weak spot
early, but the loss was soon regained when
buying orders began to come In. and on re
ports of the backward season. May oats closed
He highey
Lower prices for hogs at the yard started
provisions lower. There was a feeble rally
later on some covering •of pork. • May pork
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899
closed unchanged; lard and ribs 24c lower. A
The leading futures ranged as follows:
! Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 72% 73% 72% 72%
July 72* 72% 72% 72&
Corn No. 2—
May 34% 354 34% 34%
] July 35% 35% 354 35%
: September 364 36% 36 364
: Oats No. 2— - ~ •'* t
May 26% 274 26% 26%
j July 25% 264 25% 26
Mess Pork, per barrel-
May 9 224 9 324 9 224 925
j July 9 324 945 9 324 9 374
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 5 80 5 30 5 30 5 30
: July 5 424 645 5 374 545 I
I September 555 5 574 555 5 574 1
Short Ribe, per 100 pounds-
May 4 774 480 4 774 i 77%
July 490 5 024 490 490 I
September 5 024 505 5 024 5 024 '
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, lower, dull, unchanged; No. 2 spring '
; wheat. 719734 c; No. 3 spring wheat, Sa&Tlc; ;
• No. 2 red, 74r<-76c, No. 2 corn, 34% c; yellow, ]
! 356354 c; No. 2 oat?. 27>-i(3274c: No. 2 white. I
I 30®304c; No. 3 white. 29<g30c; No. 2 rye, 524©
; 63c; No. 2 barley, 39@47c; No. 1 flax seed. $1 20';
new winter, $1 224; prime timothy seed, $2 30;
mess pork, per barrel, $9 15<g9 20; lard, per 100 ]
pounds, $5 324*35 35: short ribs sides (loose). I
I $4 50*54 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed), t%O
4 : -c; short clear sides (boxed), $.5@5 10; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon. $1 26; j
: sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; clover, contract j
grade, $5 85.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. ',
', Flour, barrels 15,000 23.000
Wheat, bushels 54.000 16.000
Corn, bushels 158.000 89.000 i
Oats, bushels 169.000 105.000 I
Rye. bushels 3,000 6.000
Barley, bushels 11.000 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 14@20c; Dairies, j
114@lSc Eggs, steady. U4@ll%c. Cheese,
steady; country, 11%@124c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
! Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
; Minneapolis 152,960 45.190 ;
' Duluth
, Milwaukee 23.100 1,400 .
I Chicago
Toledo 11.400 12.000 '
j St. Louis ! 6.000 23.000,
Detroit 4,906
Kansas City 23,000 7.000
Totals •
; Tidewater—
I Boston 8.069 68,337
I New York 5.600
Philadelphia 3.778 SOO
(Baltimore 9.900
New Orleans
Galveston 8,932
Totals . ....••• i
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— May. July. j
Opening 5 6% 5 54
Closing: .' 5 5% 5 5%
PARIS FUTURES.
; Flour— April. May- Aug.
j Opening 42 95 43 50
Closing 43 00 43 65
i Wheat—
I Opening 2100 20 95
Closing 21 10 2110 ;
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 6.— CATTLE— SIow and
prices weak. Fancy cattle. $5 65@S 85; choice .
steers. $5 35@5 60: medium steers, $4 75@4 85:
beef steers, $3^4 75: stockers and feeders. $3 80
<.4 20; bulls, $2 7S#4 10; cows and heifers, $3 40 ;
<i 4 25; Western fed steers, $4 25@5 50; Texas I
. steers. $4@5 35; calves, $3 75i@6 75.
The supply of hogs was not large but buy- :
. ers managed to force prices 2 1 - 3 : .c lower. Fair
j to choice. $3 80@3 924; heavy packing lots, ;
$3 s.'® 3 774: mixed, .$3 60@3 £5; butchers', $3 65 i
OS 874; light, $3SO@3SS; pigs. $3 30<§3 50.
Sheep sold at steady prices, while lambs
moved slowly at a further reduction of s@loc, '
making a total decline of 20c for the week. I
Sheep were in good demand at $4^5, with the
. bulk of sales at $4 70<£4 85; yearlings, $4 75<3> j
5 25; lambs, $s<go SO; Colorado lambs, $5 70®
I 5 So.
Receipts— Cattle, 10.000; hogs. 23,000; sheep, ,
10,000.
• ■■ ———___
PORTLAND' BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. April 6.— Exchanges, $263.
--769; balances. $32,234.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. April The local wheat
| market continues to be governed entirely by '
! the needs of the mills, and it requires con- j
i siderable forcing to drag out a sufficient
j amount to keep wheels moving. Exporters ,
| have been "'trailing" for so long that they are
! hardly to be considered in making quotations.
i Walla Walla sold up to SB4c to-day, and it is
i altogether probable that the other half could :
I have been secured for anything like a round
; lot of heavy stock. Valley and blue stem
- were in less demand, and S9@6Oc was the
' ruling quotation.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. April 6.— WHEAT— CIub,
j 574 c; blue stem. 604 c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 6— Consols, 110%; Silver.
27 7-16 d; French Rentes. 102f 924 c. Wheat car- >
j goes off coast, more inquiry; cargoes on pass
! age, nominal, unchanged; English country mar
: kets, quiet.
I LIVERPOOL, April Wheat, steady; Wheat
j in Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, dull; French !
1 country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed old, !
, 3s 6\d; futures quiet; May, 3s 3%d; July,
! 3s 4%d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern spring,
firm. 6s 14*1 ; futures quiet; May, os 64d; July,
os 5Ud.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S5
Sterling Exchange, sight — * 87
Sfrlir.K Cables — 4 S3
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraph — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars — 18Q484
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Advices from Chicago were de
cidedly bullish, but did not affect this market.
Private telegrams reported an advancing: mar
ket with increasing speculation owing to more
pronounced reports of crop damage, the Feb
ruary freeze having been fatal in many sec
tions. The weather, too, Is cold and unfavora
ble.
The local situation was not materially
changed.
Exports from this port In March were 67,564
ctls, valued at J6S.S7O, making total exports for
the first nine months of the crop year of 1,
--657.934 ctls, valued at $1,907,592. These figures
tell the story of the short crop of 189 S.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, « O6',i@l 08%; milling,
$1 10g.l 15.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— —
14,000 ctls, $1 114.
Second December— 2ooo ctls. $1 UU;
10.000. Jl 11%. ■
Regular Morning Session— 4ooo ctl«
II JIH; 18.000, Jl 11. May— 6ooo, $1 06%; 4000,
Jl 08^4.
Afternoon Session— December— ctls, $1 10%.
BARLEY— Prices show no further decline of
any consequence, but the market is easy and
duil.
Feed, »1 10<&l 15; Brewing, $1 17^@1 22H per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— 2ooo ctls, Ss4c. Seller '93,
new— ctls, Ss%c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller "99, new—
4000 ctls, Ssc.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99, new — ctls,
84 Tic: 2000. Sac; 6000. SSV4C.
OATS— The market continues languid and un
changed.
Fancy Feed, $1 4214@1 45 per ctl: good to
choice, Jl 37>4®1 40;. common, »1 32H@1 35; Sur
prise. $1 4591 00: Gray, « 32H@1 $7%: Milling,
$1 40@l 42% per ctl; Red, $1 45®1 50; Black, Jl 30
61 40.
CORN*— There is nothing new to report.
Small round Yellow, « 25; Eastern large Tel
low, $1 mi: White. SI 12^(31 17%: mixed. $1 06»4
@1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— JI 05@l 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $4; bakers'
extras, $3 Ss>@3 90; Oregon and Washington,
J3@3 ■-, per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour. 12 75
per 100: Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50®4 75;
Oaf Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 00; Rolled
Oats (barrels). JS 55<g6 95; in sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
1 $5 per 100 pounds.
HAY AND FEEL>cTUFFS.
■ Of yesterday's liberal receipts of 648 tons of
Hay the greater part was Alfalfa from the
river and several cars from Nevada and the
North.' The Alfalfa was demoralized, as sup
plies are altogether too heavy, but grain Hay
is in moderate receipt and steady.
Bran and Middlings were unchanged.
UKAN— m • '•) 16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 60631 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J31@31 50; lob
bing, J32f 32 50: Cocoanut Cake, J24#25; Cot
tonseed Meal, }23@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50 '
024 50; Cracked Corn, $24^25; Mixed Feed.
$19 50@20.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $14 50016 50 for
good to choice and $12 50@13 50 for lower
grades; Wheat and Oat, $12@15; Oat, $12@14;
Barley. $125 13 c; AUalfa. $6(gßc.
OUTSIDE HAY (from Oregon; Nevada, etc.)
—Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $12@13; Cheat.
$10 50 11 50; Grass Hay, $9 50@10 50; Oat, $U@
13; Clover, $9 sf"jjlo 50; Timothy, per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing new In these markets.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 75©1 85; Small Whites, ;
$2 10-52 20; Large Whites, Jl So@l 90; Pinks. I
$2 05*52 15; Reds. $3 25@3 35: Blackeye, !$3 75® ,
3 85; Butters. $2 25<i2 60; Limas. $3 40(©3 50; •
Pea, $2 25@2 50; Red Kidneys. $2 50<g2 60 per I
ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75@4 per ctl; '<
Yellow Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 1502 25: |
Canary Seed. 2 1 ,i(Jf2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 8%@9%c;
Rape. 2»4@2%c; Hemp, 2%<g3c; Timothy, 6
®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65@1 70; Green, $2®
2 30 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Receipts were 10S6 boxes Asparagus, 707 boxes
Rhubarb and 116 sacks Peas.
There is no further decline in Potatoes, but
they are weak. Onions continue depressed.
Vegetables show no changes worthy of note.
POTATOES— SI 50<?jl 65 per ctl for Early Rose, I
$1 40©l 60 for River Burbanks; Sonoma and j
Marin Burbanks, $1 4001 60 per ctl; Oregon, i
SI 40(^1 EC for seed and $1 60@l 70 for large;
Sweet Potatoes. for Merced; New Pota
toes, to4c per lb.
ONlONS— sfl<gSoc per ctl, outside quotation
for Oregon.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 7Sc@sl 25 per box
for No. 2. $1 50©l 75 for No. 1 and $2#2 25 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 40@75c per box for the general
run and $1(?1 25 for fancy: Green Peas. 4ff7c;
String Beans, 10<jJ15c; Cabbage, $1 25@1 50; To
matoes, $1 50@l 75; Egg Plant, 12% c per
lb; Garlic. 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra, 15c per
lb; Dried Peppers, 10c: Green Peppers, ;
Carrots. 25'§'3. : ic per sack; Mushrooms, 4'g'lOc per
Tb; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c@$l 50 per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The light supplies keep the market stiff, as
will be seen by. the quotations.
A car of Eastern sold at 14®16c for Turkeys,
$7 50 for Ducks, $3 for Geese, $7 50@S for Hens,
$8 for young Roosters, $6 for old do and $7 for
Fryers. There will be no more Eastern this
week.
i Arrivals of Game are steadily growing small
er and will soon cease.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 14® 16c; live
Turkeys. 14@16c for Gobblers and 14@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50'gl 75; Goslings, $2 25 1
[ '$2 60; Ducks, 55 f.o®6 50 for old and $7SB for !
! young; Hens. $657; young Roosters, $7 50<g9;
j old Roosters, $5 50@6 50; Fryers. $6 6097: Broil-
I ers. $5@6 for large. $3@4 50 for small; Pigeons, |
$1 755? 2 per dozen for old and $2 2532 50 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, 75c@$l; I
I Hare, 50@75c; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and
[ $1 for small; English Snipe, $3 per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There Is no change in Butter except more
weakness in dairy descriptions. Cheese Is easy
I and unchanged.
The comparative scarcity in Eggs is causing
surprise among the trade, who are unable to
account for it only on the theory that owing to
] the scarcity of feed last year poultry raisers
diminished the product of Incubators and thus
cut down the supply of Hens this year. i
Whether this is true or not the Egg supply of ■
California is certainly not up to normal pro- i
portions this >*ear. and the market is steadily |
advancing in consequence. However, supplies !
r of Eastern are on the way and may affect the
J market next week.
BUTTER—
i Creamery— Fancy creamery. 17@17%c; seconds,
16@16%c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 14%@16c; common
grades, 13-cfHc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lIS 114 c; old,
10<gl0%c; Cream Cheddar. 12©12% c; Young
' America, 11%@12%c; Eastern, 114@14c.
| EGGS— Quoted at 17@19c per dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
: Arrivals of Strawberries continue meager.
; Fine Oranges are still scarce and firm, but
: common grades are dragging.
1 DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 75c@Jl 25 for common, $1 50@l 75 per
box for No. 1 and $2^2 50 for choice to fancy.
Strawberries, 40cS$l per drawer for small
and for large berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 25<§3 50
per box; Seedling?. 75c@$l 50; Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 60@2; Lemons. Iht Bsl 50 [or common
and $2<?j2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Lime?, *4f?5: California Limes, 50©75 c per small
box: Grape Fruit. $:"S3; Bananas, $1 50#2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, $204 60 per dozen.
I DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
There is nothing new in the situation. The
market is so bare of most fruits that any ac
tivity is impossible.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, S@
5%c for 50-60" s, 4@4%c for 60-70' s, 3Vi<g34c for
1 70-50's, 2%@3c for 88-96' ■, 2%@2%C for 90-100' s
I and 2@2>4c for 100-110' Peaches, 8%@9%c for
; good to choice, 10c for fancy and for
I peeled: Apricots. 12%(J15c for Royals and
1 for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. B%<g>9c; sun
! dried. s®f%c; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2>4c;
I'lums, nominal, 2c for unpitted; Pears, nomi
nal.
i RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
• crown, s?ic for four-crown, 44'S6e for Seedless
'■ Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2% Site.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lt>; Walnuts. 6@Sc
for hardshell. Pile for softshell; Almonds,
J.@9c for hardshell. 12<313c for soft?hell. 14@16c
for papershell; Peanuts. 6''77c for Eastern and
4%'Ssc tor California; Cocoannts, $4 60@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10<311c for bright and S(§9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 7*4
<37% c: light amber extracted. 7c; dark, s<@s4c
per rb.
BEESWAX— 2S<g27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per lb for heavy.
SHSSc for light medium. l^-allc for light.
1 12c for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
I Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc: Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Mesa Beef. $14: Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork. $12: extra clear, $1S; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, lie per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5 1 .i'5f5%c per lb for
I compound and 7%'37%c for pure; half barrels.
1 pure, Sc; 10-ib tins, B%c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
! COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6Sj,<S6%c: packages.
! less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 in a case, 9%c:
i 3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S^c: 5-Ib palls, 12 in
I a case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
| tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7 7 »c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. S4c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7 7 »c; half
', barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
' about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
I steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. S@3%c: Cow
hides. S4's Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands.
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17c:
■ Sheepskins, shearlings, 10<g30c each; short
Wool, 35®60c each; medium, 70@90c: long Wool,
9Oc<g;sl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 25
for large and $1 for small; i^olts, 25(g50c for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No.
! 2. 3%c; refined. sc: Grease, 2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months, 7@9c: Foothill and Northern free. 10
: (gl2c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc;
• Hamboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 10
! @12c: Eastern Oregon. 10@12c.
I Fall Wools—
j Humboldt and Mendocino 9 @U
i Northern Mountain 7 ©10
Southern 6 & 7%
Plains 6 7
HOPS— IS9B crop, 10@llc per lb for ordinary,
12@12%c for good and 13@15c for choice to fancy
from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Gr.ain Bags, 5%c for June
and July: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San Quenttn
Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
j Scotch, $8: Cumberland, $8 in bulk and $9 25
i in backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
j Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
I Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In *)Ulk and $14
In sacks.
j . SALT— There have been heavy shipments of
j Salt to Vladivostok during the past two
months, aggregating over 50,000 sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
' pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Powdered, 5%c; Candy
I Granulated, s'^c; Dry Granulated, sc: Confec
i tioners' A. sc; California A, 4\c: Magnolia A,
| 4%c; Extra C. 4Vic; Golden C. 4%c; half bar
j rels, He more than barrels, and boxes %c more;
j bags, 1-16 less. No order taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The tendency In dressed Hogs Is toward
lower prices, though there Is no decline. Live
Hogs are steady.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers: !
BEEF— 7^s@SVic per lb.
YEAL — Large, 7c; small. 7 ! /j«fSc per lb
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Se; I2wes. 7c per lb
LAMB— 10@llc per lb. !
PORK— Live Hogs. 5c lor small, 5H@5Uc for
i medium and 4V4@4\c for large; stock Hogs and
; Feeders, 4'§4 l^c; dressed Hogs. 6V£@7Vic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, April 6.
Flour, qr ska 5.46S 1 Middlings, ska.... 100
Wheat, ctls 1.150 Hay, tons.; 608 I
Barley, ctls 1,180 Straw, tons . 48 j
Corn, ctls 23 1 Wool, bales 268
Cheese, ctls 165 Pelts, bdls 297 I
Butter, ctls 425 Hides n0... "43
Tallow, ctls 240 Eggs. d0z......... 21.750
Potatoes, sks I,94o; Leather, r0115.... 96
Onions, 5k5....... 20 Wine, gals 39,200
Bran, sks 300 Lime, bbls 31
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 4501 Hay. tons 30 '
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10i
EASTERN.
Alfalfa Seed, ska. 200J ,
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were very active on the morn
ing session. Contra Costa Water declined from
$65 62% to $64 874, Gas and Electric from $73 75
to $73 37»s and Pacific Gas rrom $77 50 to $76 75.
Oceanic Steamship was higher at $75 50.
On the afternoon call Gas and Electric opened
at $75, but fell back. Contra Costa Water sold
up to $65 62H. | Business was not as active as
on the morning session.
In spite of the pumping operations on the
Comstock the mining stock market is steadily
shrinking, though the daily decline Is slight.
Yesterday's telegram from the pump said: "We
shut down the elevator for three hours last
night. The water rose 21 feet. At 6:30 this
morning the water was within 10 feet of the
lowest point reached, or 132 feet below .the
1750-foot level and 158 feet below the Sutru
drain boxes. We will run the elevator only
long enough to keep the water to about ch-s
point until the water is drained from the Bo
nanza stopes. The water was going down slow
ly at all points when measured. The elevator is
running quite steadily."
An assessment of 20 cents per share has been
levied on the Puget Sound Iron Company, de
linquent on May 8.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
\ alley has declared Its twenty-eighth regular
monthly dividend of 5 cents per share.
The Best & Belcher and Occidental Consoli
dated assessments of 10 cents per share -ace
will be delinquent in the boards to-day.
The mlnlnc dividends paid in March were
$4,738,825, against $1,723,452 In February. Of last
month's total $4,000,000 was paid by the Calu
met & Hecla copper mine.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. April 6—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. i Bid. Ask
Bonds— . lEqult G L Co. 8 SU
4s quar coup. .113^114 (Mutual- El Co. 15 15%
4s quar re*... — — Oakland Gas.. — 4S
4s quar new.. — 129% Pac Gas Imp. 76 —
8s quar coup.. — 10814 p ac LCo — —
Miscellaneous— IS F G & E.... 74% —
Cal-gt Cab 58.116 — San Fran 34 3%
Cal Flee L 6».125V;i27>4 Stktn Gas 6s. - -
CC Wat a 5 ....109 - Insurance-
g u P- £ ex c... - - Firem's Fund.22o 225
5L & £ 6 V A3 I - Bank Stocks-
F & Cl Ry 65.U6 .- Anglo-Cal .... - 67^
Geary-st R 5?. - 100 Bank of Ca1..2574-
H C & S 0H5.105 - pal S D & T.. 98 —
L A LCo 65.. — - First Nationl.22o —
Do gntd 6b 101 - L on P & a. ..131 1324
LAR of Cal.lOoVi - Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st fis...l2s - N ev Nat 8k..182V4 —
Do Ist M 55. 116 116% Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75.107 — Ger S& L. . — 1675
N Ry Cal 65.. — 113% Hum S & L.1060 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. 110% — .Mutual Say. — 41V.
N P C R R 6a. - 107 'S F Say U.. 500 — "
INP CR R 55. 102% — E & L 50.... — 101
N Cal R R ss. 106 — |Secur!t S B. 300 SSO
Oak Gas 5s — 10a — Union T Co. — 1500
Om C Ry 65. .1234 — Street Railroads—
iP&CI Ry 65.. — 103 California 112%115
! P & O6s 117 — Geary 40 ' —
| Powell-st 65... — 121% Market-st .... 64 64%
Sac El Ry ns. — — "ak PL& H. - -
B F & N P 55. 113 i. 4 _ .Presidio 13% —
5 F & SJVas.ll4% — I Powder—
Pl^TaßCal «B.i»«i,i(wt4 'California ....'— 190
6 P of Ar 6s. 112 112% F. Dynamite... — 1"24
BPC 6s <1903)110>4 — Giant Con Co. — 62
SPC 6s (1906) - — Vltrnrit V 2%
SPC 6s (1912) — — Sugar—
sPr.is eg Ss.ins - 'Hana P C 0.... 17H 17%
6PBr 6s 123 124 Haw C&S C. 85% 86
S V Water 6s. — 116* Hutch S P Co. 31 , 31%
S V Water 4s. 104 104% Paauhau S P. 3? T g 33
S V W4s(3dm).lolHl'i i *t Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65. .102 103% Pa- A55n..110%110%
Water Stocks— iOer Ld Wk5...25u —
Contra Costa.. 65V. 66 Mer Ex Assn.. 90 r — ';.
Marin Co Ml — 'Oceanic S Co.. 75' 70».i
Spring Va11ey. 102%102% Par A F A.... 1H 1%
Gas and Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.107% —
Capital Gas... — — I Par Paint Co.. Vr» —
Cent L & P... 7% 8 '
Morning Session.
Board—
75 Alaska Packers' Association 110 25
25 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
25 Contra Costa Water 65 624
50 Contra Costa Water 65 50
50 Contra Costa Water 65 37%
50 Contra Casta Water 65 25
100* Contra Costa Water 65 00
•SO Contra Costa Water 64 87%
60 Equitable Gas • 25
ICO Equitable Gas 8W
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 00
85 Hutchlnson S P Co 31 62%
65 Hutchlnson S P Co 31 60
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds 105 25
$25,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds. llo 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 75 50
120 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp 77 50
10 Pacific Gas Imp 77 23
5 Pacific Gas Imp 77 00
5 Pacific Gas Imp 76 75
' 200 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 75
277 S F Gas & Electric Co 73 62%
150 8 1" Gas & Electric Co 73 50
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 60 73 37%
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 60 73 50
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent bonds 123 00
10 8 V Water 102 62%
5 S V Water 102 75 "
$100 U 8 3 per cent bonds 107 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Alaska Packers' Association 110 50
90 Contra Costa Water 65 50
50 Contra Costa Water 65 62%
350 Equitable Gas 8 00
75 Hana Plantation Co 17 62U
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 31 37%
20 Mutual Electric Light 15 25 "
25 Paauhau S P Co 3S 87%
100 Paauhau S P Co 3D 00
130 S F Gas & Electric Co 75 00
400 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 75
272 S F Gas & Electric Co 74 87%
50 8 F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 74 73
5 S V Water 102 75
5 8 V Water 102 62%
Street—
$18,000 Market-st R R Con 5 per cent bds.ll6 00
$8000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 00
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 114 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
180 Equitable Ga5..... 8 00
65 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
10 Contra Costa Water 63 75
15 Contra Costa Water 65 S7?i
Street—
5S V Water 102 75 '
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Equitable Gas 7 62%
22.' Equitable Gas 7 50 "
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 00
40 Hutchinson S P Co 31 62%
40 Oceanic S S Co 75 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
550 Belcher 40 200 Hale & Norcrs 31
600 Best & Belcher 62 600 Mexican ... 70
200 Caledonia 40 1000 Mexican 63
100 hollar 351 400 Ophir 113
400 Chollar 31 300 Ophir 120
850 Con Cal & V...1 90 200 Savage 33
400 Con Cal & V...1 95 200 Savage 3'
100 Crown Point... 23 ■ 500 Sierra Nev... 115
200 Gould & Curry. 40 1 300 Union Con 63
200 Gould & Curry. 41 250 Utah 15
100 Gould & Curry. 42 100 Yellow Jacket.. 40
200 Hale & Norcrs. 35* 50 Yellow Jacket.. 41
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 12 400 Mexican to
300 Andes 17 1 300 Overman 16
500 Belcher 4') 900 Potosi 30
100 Best & Belcher 53] 300 Union Con... 53
100 ('hollar 35 100 Utah 16
100 Confidence 90 1 200 Yellow Jacket.. 4'
100 Gould & Curry. 431
' Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 17 .W Justice 23
250 Belcher 401 600 Mexican 72
400 Best & Belcher 54 800 Mexican 71
450 Best & Belcher 53 1100 Mexican 70
600 Caledonia 401 500 Mexican 68
350 Challenge Con. 3S 900 Ophlr 1 17%
600 Chollar 34 1 800 Ophlr 1 15
700 Chollar 35 1 200 Overman 16
700 Con Cal & V...2 00 000 Savage 34
200 Con Cal & V.2 OSU 150 Savage 33
700 Con Cal & V...1 95 1200 Sierra Nev 1 13
800 Con Cal & V.I s2%' 700 Union Con 55
3000 Con Imperial... 02 j 600 Union Con 54
400 Crew n Point... 24 700 Union Con 53
700 Gould & Curry. 42 200 Utah 16
400 Hale & Norcrs. 35 100 Yellow Jacket.. 40
'•'•.*. Afternoon Session.
40-) Andes 18 200 Ophir 120
300 Challenge Con. 38 500 Overman ]6
300 Chollar 35 200 Savage 35
400 Con Cal & V... 2 00 1400 Savage 34
400 Con Cal & V...1 95 200 Sierra Nev...l 171 .
200 Con Cal & V.I 97% 300 Union Con 54
600 Gould & Curry. 44 1 400 Union Con 55
300 Hale & Norcrs. 33 700 Utah " 16
200 Mexican 70 50!) Yellow Jacket.. 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April £-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask
Alpha Con 07 OS Julia 04 05
Alta 10 12 Justice 21 2'
Andes 16 13 Kentuck 05 06
I Belcher' 39 40 Lady Wash — 02
; Best & Belcher 53 51 Mexican 69 "1
Bullion 03 04 Occidental 26 —
Caledonia 40 41 Ophlr 115 120
Chollar 34 36 Overman 16 17
Challenge Con. 37 — |Potosl 30 31
Confidence 90 95 Savage 33 34
Con Cal & V...1 95 200 Scorpion ....... 04 —
Con Imperial... 02 03 Seg Belcher — 07
Crown Point... 23 24 Sierra Nev 1151 20
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill _ 04
E Sierra Nev... 02 — Syndicate — 08
Eureka Con — — 50 Standard 250 — "
Exchequer 1 — 01 Union Con 54 --
i Gould & Curry. 43 45 Utah 16 17
I Hale & Norcrs. 33 34 ' Yellow Jacket.. 42 43
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J. W. and Mary Smith to Jeremiah and Mary
A. Regan, lot on E line of Stelner street 7J \
of Waller. N IE by E 81:3; JlO. - "
Margaret C. Conway (by S. C. Bigelow and
A. A. Smith, trustees) to Julia Raver 168 d
142, lot on W line of Utah street, 262-6 S of
Alameda. S 42 by W ICO (trustees' deed)- $825
Masonic Cemetery Association to John B
Dondero, lot 41, section 30. Northern Addition
sl33.
John Pearson to Mrs. Ingram Holcomb, lot
on E line of Prospect avenue. 75 X of Esmer
alda street, N 25 by E 70, gift map 3; $10.
John Manion 10 William T. Beatty, undivided
one-eighth of following: Lot on X line of
Eleventh avenue. ICO E of P street, E 25 by X
100, lot 41, block 210, Garden ville Homestead
Association; also lot on NE corner of Sixteenth
avenue and P street, NE 100 by SE 75, blocks
805 and ON. and H. Tract; $350.
Ida V Dyer (White), single, to Silas A.
White lot on S line ot Union street. 114 \V of
Larkin, W 25:6 by S 51; $10.
Henry and Lena Marx to Joseph Rolen, lot
commencing on line 120 S of Filbert street and
87:6 E of Laguna, E 25 by N 24; $200.
Philip, Fred and George Haub to Annie R.
Haub (wife of George), lot on S line of Union
street SO E of Buchanan, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Christine Fisher and Philip Haub to same,
same; $360. ' ■"- ,', ,-"'.
August Mager to Wilhelmine W. Mager, lot
on X line of Golden Gate avenue, 110 W of Fill
more street, W 27:6 by N 137:6; gift.
Joseph and Elizabeth Hess to Thomas J.
Gallagher, lot on S line of Oak street. Sl:3 E
of Scott, E 25 by S 75; $10.
Milledge Oulton to Bernard and Adeline Har
ter, lot on N line of Page street, 131:3 E of
Scott, E 25 by X 137:6; $10.
Albert A. and Henriette M. Levi to Andrew
Young, lot on X line of Grove street. 100 \\. of
Broderick, W 50, X 137:6, E 25, N 37:t>, E -o. is
175; $10. _ , .
Andrew and Marie Young to Anna Raisch
(wife of Gottfried), same; $10.
Mary B. O'Connor (wife) to Thomas R.
O'Connor, lot on X line of Fifteenth street, 10d
E ■-: Noe, E 25 by X 115; gift. .
Florence R. Frisbee to Robert J. and Ar.geie
O'Reilly, lot on XE corner of. Henry and Xoe
streets. X 27:6 by E 105; $10.
Robert J. O'Reilly to Angela O'Reilly, same;
gift
Horace G. Knapp to David Koegel. lot on E
line of Hartford street, 75 S of Eighteenth, fa
25:5 by E 125 {10. _
James F. Smith to May B. Smith, lot out
line of San Jose avenue. 186 X of Twenty-fifth
street. X 37 by E '.'0; gift.
B. C. Creelman to Julius and Augusta
Bobrzensky lot .in 3 line of Twenty-fifth.
203:7 W of Dolores, W 25:5 by S 114; $10.
Frederick and Annie Diedrechsen to same,
same; $10.
Hannah and James Kitterman to Hans a.
Christiansen, lot on E line of Sanchez street,
195 S of Twenty-third. S 20 by E 92; $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Maria Holtz. lot
on X line of Alvarado street, 175 W of Doug
lass. \V 60 by X 114, lots 13 and 14, Heyman
Tract; $10.
Home for the Care of Inebriates to Christian
Hospital Association, lot on NE corner of
Stockton and Chestnut streets, E 137:6 by X SO;
$2.
Same to same, same; $1.
Christian Abel to Annie C. Madison, lot on
EW line of Oak Grove avenue. 200 SE of Har
rison street. -X 25 by SW 112; Eift.
D. B. and Mary E. Stewart to James R.
Watson, lot on XV line of Thirtieth avenue, ISS
X of Clement street, X 40. W si.S, S 8 degrees
31 minutes. E 40:1 4-5, E 7«: $10.
Ludv.-ig and Mercedes Arnstein to Henry and
Mary Gillin. lot on E line of Eighth avenue,
100 S of Clement street. 8 >: . by £ 120; $10.
James Coddlngton to George M. Mitchell, lot
on SW corner of Nineteenth avenue and X
street. W 240 by S 300; $10.
Annie H. ThelJer, Albert C. and Allyee T.
Atken to John McDonnell, lot on E corner of
Wayland and Berlin streets. SE 100 by XE 120,
block 10, University Mound; $1.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to same, lot on SE corner of Wayland
and Berlin streets. SE 100 by NE 120, block
10, same (quitclaim deed); $5.
John McDonnell to Ellen Kelly (wife of
Henry M. Kelly), same; grant.
Samuel L. and Annie H. Theller to Albert
C. Aiken, all that portion of San Miguel or
Xoe Ranch lying E of Castro and known as
Homers Addition; also all pieces within ex
terior- boundaries of said San Miguel Ranch:
also all interest in property within exterior
boundaries of Rlncon de las Salinas or Bernal
Ranch, quitclaim deed; $10.
Sunnyside Land Company and California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company to Martin L.
Bassett. lot 25, bluck 19, Sunnyside, to correct
1766 d 57; $10.
Stanford Addition Land Company to Jessie
V. Le^k, lot? E to 9, block 14. Sunnysirie Addi
tion No. 1: $10.
any (a corporation) to Henry
Gibbons Jr.. I I • 14, Lakeview; U.
Electa E. ■ ■ I John W. Wright, lot on
PE line of London street. 50 SYV of Brazil, SW
:. Excelsior Homestead
Association; -
Ira :■ Henry Frosch, lot 32, block,
12, Flint Tract H Association: tlO.
Mager, lot
on S line of Pio 132:6 E of Cam
s' 25 by S :; 132, University
Sift.
William C Bwett to George Golder, estate of
Dani«l Swett, Alameda County, N
emetery Association to Mrs.
P. H ■ :lng 21 feet 'from
md Love streets. N 24,
E 11 : . r 4, Walhalla Dell Sec
•
Same to I. H. Webber, lot commencing 88
feet from SE corner of Wildey and Love streets,
N 24, E 11:Q& S 24, W 15, lot 5. same; $63.
Alanieda County.
Helen M. Wettstein (by attorney) to Wil
liam G. Stillwell. lots 6 and 9. block 2105, Alden
Tract, at Temescal. Oakland; $10.
Same to Fame, let V: block B. Peraka
Heights, East Oakland: JlO.
L. Nellio Dykes to Hugh J. Dykes, lot on S
line of Essex street. 15T.3S W of Wheeler. \V
23 by S 100. being the W 25 feet of. lot S. block
E. Newberry Tract. Berkeley; to.
Mary J. Moss to August J. Costa, lot on XE
lino of Harmon avenue. 213. 50 SE of Xutley
avenue. SE 50 by XE 10S. being lots 18 and
19. Seminary-avenue Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: JlO.
Helen M. Wettstein (by attorney) to Wil
liam G. Sttllwell, lot D. block 52, ..ameda
Park Homestead, Alameda; $10.
John and Harriet W. Bakewil] to John Co
nant, lot on N line of Thirtieth street, 750 E
■ ■ ; Sl4 being lot 42
John and Amelia S. I Mrs. H. G.
same, Oakland: $10.
Ha::. tnb to H-l^n L. Craig, lot on
S lin- . ■ W ■ :" Teli
avenue, \\ 50 by S H^. L)aklar..-; : "
Hair. View Cemetery Association to F.
B. Small, lot 93 in plat 23. Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $25.
F. R. Small to Slornan Small, same, Oak
land Township: $5.
Railroad Company to Simon
W. Powell, lot on W line of Harrison street.
135 N ol Tenth, N 50 by W 123. being the N '•
i of lot 15, block M. Hunting- i
ton Tract. Brooklyn Township -
Ida Rosa to Alice M. Davis, lot 104, Galindo
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
\- 2), and Sarah M. Jones to Mary K.
Harmon, lots 3 and 4. block 12. Allendale Tract, i
Ep oklyn Township; $10.
H C. Morris to A. F. Liuge. lot on NE line
of Peach street. 130 SE of Mountain View ave
nue. NE 150 by SE 1 18. 49 and f>o
of resubdivision block 34. Warner Tract, Brook
lyn Townshlj . II
F. B. and Mary C. Yoakum to Delia A.
Smith, 35-100 of an acre, beginr.ins; at tl
crn^r of 3.26-acre tract of Contra dsta Water
Company, thence E 62.70 feet. S\V 250, NW 7".
NE 244.50, Brooklyn Township; aiso beginning
at NE corner above described, th-
SE 3:2. N -">. B to beginning, Brooklyn Town
ship, $1 etc.
Una M. Si haefer to <ir-ori<e Sterling, lot |
on NW Market and Forty-first streets. ;
N 96.45 by W 103.70, being lots n and 12, map I
of estate of John Evoy in piat 36, Rancho V.
and D. Peralta. Oakland; {10.
E. B. Pond and H. C. v.'ampbell 'trustees
Max and Emmy Marcuse) t'> Ban Francisco
Savings Union (a corporation). 506 d 273. lot
on N line of Eagle avenue. 206:5 Vi W of Park
street, W 100 bj N 145, block 44, Mlnturn Tract, !
Alameda. trustees' di
C E. Boman to John M. I^.i\i=. lot on SK
corner of Thirty-fourth and Magnolia streets.,
N 100 by E 63:6, block 681, Watts Tract, Oak
land, warranty deed: $10.
Joseph M. and W. 08. Macdonoogh, Agnes
M. Agar (wife of J. G.). John G. and
M. Agar (trustees of the estate of Joseph
Maedonouerh) to August C. Baumgartner, lot
nn n line of Thirty-second street, 157.40 W of
Ti-lejrraph avenue. W stt, N 119.84, SE 50. 23. S
to beginning, being lot 4, block
Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10.
Caroline C. Butler to Carrie A. and Mary F.
Potter, lot on N line of Seventeenth street
KM E of Grove, W 4. N IQ<\ E 4. S 100 to be
ginnine, being the E 4 feet of lot fi. map
showing the location of Seventeenth
between Grove street and San Pablo avenue
Oakland; $10.
Bertha E. and George W. Reaser tn Anna P
Clowe, lot nn S line of Walton or Thirty-fifth
street, 263 TV of Telegraph avenue. W -K> by s
119:10, bring the TV 40 feet of lot 14. on map B
of portion of the estate of A. C. Brown, Oak
land, warranty deed; (2
Levi and Margaret E. Carr to Minnie Jiiil
lerat (wife of Adolph), lot nn N line of ■
street. 53 E from E line of strip of !:in<; of
California and Nevada Railroad. E 53, N 136.27,
TV 53, S to beginning, lot 5, block I. amended
map of J. TV. Crawford Tract, Oakland, quit
claim deed; ?1.
William L'odogan to Rose '"odogan. lot on SE
One of Bighth avenue, 100 NE of East Eight
eenth street. NE 100 by SE 150, block in?, Clin
ton, East Oakland; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Kasrar Pii-chel (owner) with G. Krecker
ractor), architect Nathaniel Blaisd"li— All
work, except painting, electrical work plumb
inp. gasfitting, sewering, mantels and trim
ming hardware, for a two-story, attic and
basement frame bulldlnc on S line of Cali
fornia street. 120 W of Franklin, TV 75 by S
137:£: $
James Denman (owner), with Peacock &
Butcher (contractors), architects Percy &
Hamilton— Excavating, concrete and brick work
and cementing for a two-story brick builiing
on SW line of Spear street. 229:6 SE of Mis
sion. SE 91:8 by SW 137:6: 13673.
Sara? owner with William Linden (con
r), architects sam»- Carpenter, mill and
stair work, glass, glazing, roofing, tin and gal
vaniz< ure, painting and
whitewashing for same on same: ;
A. F. Schumacher (owner) with R. J. Pavert
(contractor!, architects Havens & Toepke — All
w rk, except plumbing, gas fitting, painting
and electric w.rlr.c; for a two-story and base
ment frame building (two dwellings) on S line
of Twenty-first street. 23."> W of Valencia TV
25 by S 114. Mission block 74; $3931.
William wolf (owner) with William Helbing
(contractor), architect Phiiipp Schwerdt— All
work for three three-story frame buildings
with basenvnts (9 flats), on N Hi
street. SZ:i W of Franklin, TV 75. N 137;J ' y
SO. S >:. E 25, S *7 8, Western Adition
132: |
Hyman and Isaac Wolf (owners) with Gustav
Srhn^t- (contractor), architect. Phillpp Schwc-dt
rinishing and tinting for fcur
two-story iramp buildings with attics an',
ments en N line of Eilis street. 60 TV of Goiuch
TV I -. N 137:6. E 7:.. S 37:8, E SO, p 106; $-r,i
airs. Roea Cagheri (owner; with Henry
Behrens (contractor), architects Hemenwa> &
Miller— Concrete and carpenter work, glazing,
plastering and painting for a two-story ana
basement frame (double house) on E line _or
Leavenworth street, 100 N of Filbert. E loi.B
by N 17:8; $4100.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of exoense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoi?t<»<l
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 12f'th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived earh day frrm the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. .Cal.
A notice statins whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. TT. 5. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTK— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
th» height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. APRIL 7.
Sun rises 5:45
Sun sets 6:33
Moon rises 3:50 a. m.
0 ITlmel I Time Time I Time
£. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. | 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
">IL.W IHW L W HW
7 ... 2:551 1.2 9:10 5.4 3:15 0.6 9:46 5.8
8 ... 3:46 0.6 10:08 5.4 3:55 0.9 10:20 6.»
9 ... 4:31 0.2 11:00 5.4 4:34 1.3 10:55 5.1
10... 5:14 ..0.2! 11:50 5.2 5:08 1.7 11:30 6.2
}{ \V L "W H W L W
11 ... 6:01 ! —0.4! 12:4! ' 5.0 5:« 2.1 i
12 ... 0:06 6.11 6:501—0.4! 1:38 4.6 8:23 1.1
IS ... 0:44 5.9 7:3—0.3 2 18 4.4 7:10 2.T
14 ... I 1:22 5.3 8:301 — 0.1 3:40| 4.2 S:01 2.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tl<l«
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
(riven are addlitons to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
th» depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is th* mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April », 189&
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 12Oth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. 'S HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. ? N* . in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
.!.
From.
Weott Coos Bay !Apl. 7
Pomona IHumboldt |ApL 7
Arcata !Coos Bay Apl. 7
Martposa 'Sydney !Apl. •
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Pu^et Sound I Apl. 7
G. W. Elder.... IPortland. Apl. 7
Titar.ia [Nanatmo lApl. 8
Orizaba (Newport lApl. *
Mackinaw iTacoma lApl. '
Wyefield INanaimo !Apl. 9
Coquille River.l Grays Harbor lApr. 9
A. Blanchard.JCoos Bay lApr. 3
Aloha 'Point Arena Apr. 3
Crescent City... Cr City lApl. 9
Willamette ....Seattle !Apl. 9
Bristol 'Departure Bay lApl. 9
Samoa IHUmholdt lApl. 11
Tartar Vancouver [Apl. 10
Alliance 'Portland iApl. 10
Fulton -..IPortlanrl lApl. 10
Santa Rosa San Dieco lApl. 10
Columbia [Portland Apl. 1 11
Townsend 'Coqullle River lApl. 11
Luella !Tillamook ! Apl 11
City of Rio..*.. China and Japan [Apl. 11
Pan Jose IPRnama lApl. 11
Signal 'Willapa Harbor Apl. 12
Coos Bay Newport Apr 12
T'matilla [Victoria & Puget SoundlApr 12
Point Arena P.-iint Ar°na IApl: 13
Xorth Fork IHumboldt : Ap!. 13
Corona San Dte^o lApl. 14
State of Ca1.... I Portland I Apl. 1"
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
| i j
Curacao ...[Mexico Apl. 8, 10 amlPier 11
State Cal...! Portland Apl. S. 11 am Pier :i
City Sydney Panama |Ar' R. 12 m PMSS
Corona ! Pan Diepo 'Apl. 8, 11 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Ar^na.. Apl. S, 3pm Pier 2
■ .... Hiunholdt ... Apl. 9, 9 .tit: Pier 13
na Hurab Idt — Apl. :>. 2 pmfPier 9
Arcata Coos Bay |Apl. 9, In am Pier 13
Orizaba INewport Apl. 10. 9 am Pi»>r 11
A. Blanch'd'Coos Bay Apl. 11. spm Pier 13
Walla WallVlc & Pgt Bd. Apl. 11. mam i
Santa Ro=a ?^n Dlejto ... Apl 12, 11 am Pier 11
Npp'n M*ru!Chlna&JapanlApl. 12, 1 pmJPMSS
Alliance ... ; Oregon Port?. An!. 12. in am Pi-^r 20
Alnha Point Arena.. Apl. 12. 3pm Pier 2
Columhia .. Portland 'Apl. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Coos Bay. . . 'Xewport 'Apl. 14, 5 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELIIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 6.
Btmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 61& hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, 9S hours from Se
attle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 2S hours from Monterey.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwingr, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
U S Btmr Arizona, .Ames, 27 days from Man
ila, via Hongkong 19 days.
CLEARED.
Thursday. April 6.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Unalaska: North
American Commercial Company.
Whaling "stmr Fearless. McKenna, Nanaimo-
Madison, Bruse & Sellers.
Ship Santa Clara. Lindberg; Karluk; Alaska
Packers 'Association.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, Astoria-
Hume Brothers & Hume. *
Schr Rattler. Delaney, Kodlak; North Ameri
can Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, April «.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Johnsen, Eureka.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcazar, Facerlund.
Stmr Navarro, Higgins. Caspar.
Stmr Del None. Allen, Unalaska.
Chil whaling stmr Fearless, McKenna, Xa
naimo.
Ship L J Morse. Salvesen, Chignik Bay.
Schr Maxim. Olsen, Caspar.
Schr Transit, Jorgensen, Honolulu.
Schr Oceania Vance.' Murchlson, Eureka.
CHARTERS.
The Columbia loads mdse for Vladivostok; C
D Bryant, mdse for Honolulu; Martha TV Tuft
redwood at Fort Bragg for La Paz; Uncle John'
redwood at Eureka for Hilo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 6, 10 p "Weather
hazy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
April 3, lat 49 N. long 13 TV-Br ship Celtic
Monarch, from Seattle, for Queenstown
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE- April &-Stmr Humboldt
from Dyea and Skaguay. ""•
Sailed April 6-Stmr Willamette, for San
Francisco; stmr Al-Ki. for Dyea; stmr Santa
Cruz, for Juneau. "*
f-^m D r ArriVed April 6 Stmr Westport.
from Eureka. . «•*>«»•»
COQUILLE RIVER— Arrived April 6— «; c hr
Seven Sisters, hence March 10
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed April 6-Schr Moon
light, for San Francisco; schr F S Redfield for
Honolulu. . ' ,
POINT ARENA-Arrived April 6-Schr Re
liance, -hence April 3.
NEAH BAT— Passed in April 6— Bark Alex
McNeil, from Santa Rosalia, for British Co
lumbia.
EUREKA— Arrived April Stmr Townsend.
hence April 4: 2*l H C Wright, hence Mar 31
Sailed April 6— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
Cisco: stmr Townsend, for Coqullle River
fo^gS. R i A^!? led APr " "- Br bark Anamba -
Sn P o°w R I B^^ E f L o? Y D-efa a ageo ce a d Ba A y Pril
Bsaa i 8? r s5S5^ 11 * 4 Aprii Schr F 8
xfS-York^Fr^s^ 16 ' 1 APr " Chr
gu F n < a R Ln?e R -A?rtr ArrtVed " Aprtl *~ ™ **•
Sailed April 6-Stmr Sunol. fo r San Francisco.
April 1 P &-Schr Neptune, hence
tr& E ffr N TaS°p le7I e7^ aned Aprii ™™ a >-
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK-Arrived April 5-Stmr Ad
vance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived April 5-Br ship
Wiscombe Park, from Oregon
IrSS A e for i^'tle^ 6WP L "* -
DOVER— Passed April 5-Br ship Rahane.
Rahane. from Shields, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH-Salled April 4— Br ship Silber
horn, for Antwerp.
o?^%ntnco^ I , 8 - Br Stmr Em "
ftSSPpSsrafeas? April 5 - ship Florence -
LIVERPOOL — Arrived April 6— Br bark
Forthbank. from Oregon. ar *
NEWCASTLE. NSW-Salled April 1-Br snip
Bermuda, for San Diego. 9BACKERS OF
OSTLER JOE
FELT NETTLED
Caldwell Left Him at
the Post.
WAS AN ODDS-ON FAVORITE
JINGLE JINGLE IN FBONT AT
30 TO 1.
Malay Finished First by a Nose.
Basseda Retains Her Speed.
Hugh Penny Disappointed
His Friends.
leers of the black horse, Ostler Joe,
played in hard luck at Oakland track yes
terday. Tt was the black's first appear
ance in a race since November 22 last, and
In the fourth race on the card, a seven
furlm-.e run, he seemed to have fallen into
p. soft spot. The play on the Corrigan or
Carrol] entry, Daisy F. was so heavy that
the ring laid 7 to 10 against Joe at post
call. Mr. Caldwell paid no more attention
to the favorite than if he had been a post
In the fence, sending the field off with him
turned sideways. But Daisy F did not
win after all. Jingle Jingle, aSO to 1 shot,
resurrected from the dead, made all the
running and on in a gallop. Daisy suc
«.^eded in beating Be Happy for the place.
The entire programme wore a smlrchy,
smoky look, and th. attendance was lim
ited. Two choices only were successful.
Ezell's gelding, Kamsin, went to the
post favorite for the six furlong sprint
that opened the afternoon's racing, and
finished third. The 25 to 1 shot. Alumi
num, led until within a few yards of the
wire, where McNUhols on Malay got up
in time to win by a nose. Rev Hooker,
with Macklin up. ran a very peculiar race.
The Corrigan fllly; Basseda, had another
pleasant outing in the two-year-old
scramble. She was an 11 to 20 choice and
won easily from Tar Hill. Burdock fin
ished third, beaten but a head.
Lady Meddlesome was touted about as
the good thing f<>r the third event at Fix
furlongs. It was her first start of the
season, but the ring took no liberties with
Blakel^y's filly, laying but 6 to 6 about
her. Jonos. who had the mount, was
away first, and never headed, disposed of
Alaria at the end without half trying.
Yaruba, a 20 to 1 shot, landed in the show.
Jnnrs also piloted the winner of the
second six furlong dash. He beat the
gate with Prompto, a 4 to 1 chance, and
was never overhauled. Highland Ball
took the place from the weakly ridden
favorite. Opponent.
A heavy plunge was made on Hugh
Penny in the closing mile and a sixteenth
Felling affair. The old horse led to the
paddock, and was there passed by both
Joe I'llman and Merops, the former win
ning by a head in 1:48 flat.
Track Notes.
On "Wednesday Jingle Jingle, with 95
pounds, and McNlchols In the saddle, was
easily beaten by Rosalbra over six fur
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Thursday, April 6, 1899.—Sixty-fifth day
of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
N F. Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, 8tarter.
Q«>Q FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; threo-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
i 1 Bettln
! 1 1 r>eiuu
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. %m. %m- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. (
Hm.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
917 Malay. 3 971 3
J20 Aluminum, 4 1 8 1
C'23 Kamsln. 6 103 6
Jit Rey Hooker, 3 107 5
E02 Don Luis, 4 106112
902 Formella. 4 1041 7
' S14 Bueno, a ...109 3
S25 Winifred, 3 101 8
'.•V, Caspar, 5 114 10
908 Jim Brownell, 4.... 109 4
S96 Bliss Rucker, 4. ...Ill 11
555 Lothian, 3 95! 9
917 Malay, 3 9713 ... 3 1 2 1 ... Ins McNlcbols ...16-5 16-5
S20 Aluminum, 4 108 1 ... 11 12 ... 2 to Jones , 10 25
C'23 KamPin, 6 10918 ... 9 2 4 to ... J 1V4 Hennessy .... 116-5 11-5
M4 R^y Hooker, 3 107 5 ... 4 to 3 h ... 4 1 Maoklin 3 4
E02 Don Luis, 4 .....106112 ... 11^4 9 4 ... 6 1 Jenkins 10 9
902 Formella. 4 10417 ... 6 to 6 Mi ... 6 to Gray 6 IS
S14 Bueno, a ...109 3 ... 5 to 5h ... 7 2 ICoburn 60 300
S25 Winifred. I 101 8 ... 10 3 10 ... 8H Garland 20 SO
925 Caspar I 114 10 ... 6 to 8 to ■■• 9 6 Romero 10 S
908 j'tm Brownell, 4. ...109 4 ... 2 1 7 1 ... 10 1 J. Power 20 30
'*« Bliss Rucker. 4. ...Ill 11 ... 12 12 ... 11 L. Daly 25 CO
559 Lothian, 3 95| 9 ... 7 h 11 12 |Devln 8 25
3 1
1 1
5 2
4 to
11 hi
6 hi
5 M
10 3
8 to
2 1
12
7 h
5 1
12
4 to
3 h
9 to
6 to
5 h
10
8 to
7 1
12
11
1 ns McNlcbols ...
2 to Jones
I 1V4 Hennessy ....
4 1 Macklln
6 1 Jenkins
6 to Gray
7 2 ICoburn
8 to Garland
9 6 Romero
10 1 J. Power
11 L. Daly
12 Devin
49^; %. l:15%i. Winner. Lind & Humphrey's br. g. by Imp. Pirate of
Tenzanre-Miss Thomas. Good start. Won first three driving.
1(3 at the end. Kamsin ran an odd race. Rey Hooker also. Don Luis would
have ger distance. Formella is ready.
j, Bonnie Ione 104.
(vQO SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight
Hm-
Km.
Str.
Fin.
la 117 2 12 1 VA 1 1H Piggott 2-5 3-5
4 3 24 2 1 2% Gray 4 9-1
1 ... ... 2 h 8 3 BE ... 7 VI
: . II ... ... 6 15 4 1 4 1 Jenkins 15 8
■ 5 4 2 6 25 I 25 jJ. Daly 7 15
6 „. 6 6 6 jlJoyd 100 200
t. Winner, E. Corrigan's br. f. by Imp. Bassetlaw-Resetta. Good
and third driving.
la went away like a three-bagger. Tar Hill was hard ridden. Icedrop ran a cold,
■
1-lggOI.l
Gray I
McNIchols ...
Jenkins
J. Daly '
Lloyd
2-5
4
7
15
7
100
3-5
9-1
U
8
15
200
0 0^4 THIRD RACK— Six furlongs; selling; thr««-year-olds; puree, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Hm-
Km.
Str.
Fin.
... Lady Meddlesome.. 107' 2
ff,3.i) aria 107 4
S05 Yaruha 114 1
.(S30) Racebud 107 9
SJ'2 Peter Weber 109 14
fcfca F*stoso 112 8
W& Cleodora 107 10
S59 The Miller 109 7
v>Z Romany 109 6
S^2 Sidelong 109 11
713 El EiFtro 107 3
892 The Wooer 109 5
879 Pallurus 112 12
tV) Odd Eyes 110J13
1 IVi
4 to
2 h
7 M,
11
9 h
10 2
8 2
6 2
13
3 4
6 to
14
12
1 2
6 2
3 1
4 'i
8 2
12 to
13
9 2
6 to
10 to
2 h
7 %
11 H
14
1 2 :
2 1% !
8 2
4 h
6 2
6 '..
7 1
I*
10
11
12
13
14
:
j
j Jones
Garland
H. Shields....
I. Powell
Glover
Jenkins
Dietro
Snider
Hennessy ....
W. Narvaez..
Macklln
Gray
McNIchols ...
4-5
20
20
25
10
12
CO
20
15
15
2
25
20
10
1
12
30
30
15
20
100
20
15
25
3
50
30
15
'Thorpe
Time— Vi. :26; %, :43'.4; '*• VM. Winner. A. O. Blakeloy's b. f. by imp. Meddler-imp.
1 start Won eaRily. Second and third driving.
■inner was probably beet. Racebud was not fancied. Peter Weber Is a bad actor.
Borne of th<» others could have traveled fa*t»r.
\nchored 112, Glenijaber 112, Sylvan Less 107, Xoma 107.
OQCC FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
1
Age. Welght.i St.
r;gle Jingle, 3
4
Ha; py, 4 101: 3
W4 Tempo, 4 109! 8
s r.2 2
\ 4
"■ 103 7
J >e. 6 1V1 '
St.
Km.
«m.
%m.
1 2
2 M
5 h
6 2
W
4 H
%m.
Km.
1 6
2 2
3 3
7
6 h
4 to
8 to
m.
Btr.
1 3
2 2
3 I
4 h
B to
l»
7
8tr.
Fin.
1 3
2 3
8 6
4 4
6 1
6 2
7
Fin.
J
Jockeys:
929 Jingle Jingle, 3 Ml 1 ... 12 16 13 1 3 J. Relft 15 30
448 klnr F, 4 104 5 ... 2 to 2 2 2 2 2 3 Jones 5-2 8-5
5*1 Bp Happy, 4 101 3 ... !h S3 S3 86 Jenkins 30 60
934 Tempo 4*.. 109 « ... 7 7 4 h 4 4 Glover 20 25
176 Grady I 112 2 ... 52 Bh 54 51 Cole 15 20
84S Deerfoot. 4 108 4 ... «3 4 to 6 to €2 Klley 100 300
930 Rlngmapter. 5 103 7 ... ito ito 7 . 7 W. See 50 100
246 Ostler Joe, 6 112 » Plggott 3-5 7-10^
•Left - t - ; ,
Timp-i^ ;i3; %, : 37'i; K. 1:01%; %. l:2Si4. Winner, .7. Anthony's br. f. by Imp. Brutus-
Nabette. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Ostler Joe had worked faster than the time displayed. Jingle Jingle showed wonderful
Improvement. Tempo sulked again. Grady not ready.
Scratched— Gild Fin M, Frohman 106. Myron 109.
J. Rolff
Jones
Jenkins
Glover
Cole
Kiley
W. See
jPlggOU
Qon FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
i I Rntin.
: e. Ap». Weight. .St. %m. >4m. \m. Etr. Fin. ( Jockeys. Op. Cl.
to, 4 10911 ... 13 14 13 1 1'4 ifl. Jones 4 4
11, 4... .111 3 ... 2 1 2 2 % 2 '/4 2h jHolmes 7 g
tit. \ y* 2 ... 4h 3h Sh 3 2 ,J. Reiff 8-5 16-5
:s ... 3 % 42 42 42 iHennessy 6-2 10-5
■n. :ilna, 3 ••:> 4 ... * 8 B h 6 3 Weber 12 15
Hardly, 4 106: 6 ... 72 71 6h 61 Jenkins 4 8
Guilder, 4 10«;; 6 ... 51 5^ 71 73 Macklin 12 6
r, 1 9S| 7 ... 6 H 6 V4 « 8 J. Daly 8 10
4'" t ; %, 1:15. Winner, H. L. Jones te. Co.'s b. h. by Racine-Rosebud.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Prompto beat the could have won with a strong ride. Hardly walked
In I uld have been closer up. T^avator run for the end book.
February 100, CaMake 106, Rlcardo 109.
tom.
Km.
Btr.
Fin.
QQ7 SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
UOC • purse, |G00.
Iniex. Horse. Age. Weight. j St. Std. %m. " %m. Km. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. cl
908 Joe T'llman, 8 107 1 8h 61 2h 21 24 lh J. Relff 3 5
756 Merops, 3 M ; 66 6 6 8432 21 McNIchols ... 6 7-2
E48 Hugh Penny, a 113 3 11 1% 13 1 m 1 V* 3% Plggott 7-5 7-5
•W« Moringa, 4 108 2 21 2% 32 42 43 412 Jones 12 15
(819) Lob Medanos, 3 103 54h 8^446 B 6 Jenkins 12 1;,
911 Cromwell. 6 110 4 6 2, 4 to • ... Macklln | 6-2 7-2
•Bled. ' " "
Time— 1-16, :06K: 5-16, :81; 8-16, :65K; 18-18, 1:22; mile, 1:41^; 1 1-16 miles, 1:48. Winntr,
Duke & WUhard'e ch. gr. py Riley-Hattie Harris. Good start. Won first three driving.
Relff made no mistakes to-day. Hugh Penny was short. A mile probably suits him
better. Cromwell bled.
|St. Std. Km. Hm.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
|.T. Relff
]M<-Nirhols ...
[Piggott
[Jones
Jenkins
Macklin
longs covered in slow time. Yesterday
she won galloping at seven furlongs. At
odds, of 3 to 1 the filly was a dog, but
when 30 to 1 was chalked up she proved
a "Hindoo." The trainer was there after
the race with the old threadbare story of
"going broke" on her the day she lost.
And it went.
It is said McNichols Is quite a bettor.
If he is, and wins, ho would confer a
great favor on the public by publishing
his system. Everybody that ever followed
the custom of backing his mounts is now
either digging clams for a living or con
fined in an asylum. Some say this
sprightly youth plays his mounts to show.
If he does, then he uses the "copper"
frequently, for many of them do not
show.
Mr. Caldwell's eyesight is failing; he
should visit an oculist. On Wednesday he
did not see Kitty Kelly standing up at
the barrier when she beat the others
away, and he probably overlooked Ostler
Joe yesterday. It is a rare joke for peo
ple to sea their coin burned up on a 3 to 5
shot that is left, and the white-haired
starter may enjoy funny things himself.
For a few days it seemed as if Macklin
could land horses with any old price
quoted against them in front. Now he
seems unable to finish inside the money
on a 2 to 1 chance. The same old story
of supply and demand.
Jones rode Lady Meddlesome as If he
had nothing to beat but an acre of tomb
stones in a country graveyard. Some of
those behind him must have been awfully
sick.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
526 Anchored 1071 $69 Ach 110
m Jerry Hunt 1071 917 Montanus 107
214 Jennie Reid 11? (SSs)Juva 102
... Flamuta 104 '.'ls Maud Ferguson. los
934 Sidelong 104 691 Bland 107
M 3 Saintly 104 920 C.H.Harrison JrlO7
$69 Genua 1021
Second Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
Sl6 Rapido 1071 922 University ......107
931 Billy McCloskeyllO 1 SB9 Morana 101
912 Reolla 101 1 932 Winifred 86
572 Durward 107 919 Judge Woftord.. S3
915 Byron Cross 103
Third Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
«40 Ned Dennis 90 1 903 Palapa 90
(9J7)Flower of G01d.. 101 ' ... Tres Jolle 98
... Pythla 93 927 Big Horn 93
&04 Gusto 98 928 Loch Katrine. ..105
... Net Clark 93' ... Allanette 95
92S Limerick 90, 927 Rachel C 90
903 Kolena 90; 927 Flush of G01d... 90
... Aborigine 95 921 Catulus '... 93
921 Alary's Garter. .lol: SS6 Galena 90
Fourth Race — Five and a half furlongs; mald
ens; three-year-olds and upward.
... Ml.Uothla 105 606 Goethe 107
532 Cymarao 100 528 Tullamore 107
... Mainsail 107 928 Henry C 110
816 Solstice 100 596 Niihau 105
... Rio Glenn 107 89fi Melkarth 107
S9O Peach Blossom.. 10) i 765 Sleepy Jane 105
... Midla .... 100 720 Strombollta 10.)
R79 Purniah 102: 879 Alha.ia 100
890 Florence Fink. -.100' 756 Nuncomar 107
Fifth Race — and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
907 Coda 1051 $92 Annowan 91
776 Peter II 110 913 Frank Jaubert..lo7
930 Cavallo 107 i 915 Adam Andrew.. .llo
915 Una C010rad0... 107! 915 McFarlana 107
930 Bonito 101
Sixth Race— furlongs; handicap.
577 Rubicon 118 91K Midllght 94
(7Ss)Mary Black 115 1 RB3 Jinks ....• 96
(MDRosormonde .... 96 929 Limewater 90
(STi)Gualala 96 931 Tony Licalzl.... S3
.^— ___ _ k«
Selections for To-Day.
First — Maud Ferguson, C. H. Harrison
Jr., Genua.
Second Rapido, Reolla. Winifred.
Third Race— Flower of Gold, Limerick, ;
Rachel C.
Fourth Race — Mldlothia, Solstice, Florence .
Fink.
Fifth Race— Peter 11, Bonita, Annowan.
Sixth GtioJala, Mary Blaok. Rubicon.
■ ♦ ■
Bargains in pictures, frames, onyx
lamps and tables at Sanborn & Vail's,
741 Market street. •
THE SA3S FRANCISCO CAMj, FBIDAT, APRIL. 7, 1899.
WATSON WILL MAKE A
VERY GOOD REFEREE
Charaeteristie Poses of the Fighters
Who Meet To-Night.
SPEAKING of the twenty-round contest between Green and Smith, which
will take place this evening the referee, Walter Watson, who has been
for many years boxing instructor of the Olympic Club, Baid: "This
will be the first time since my arrival In this city that I have con
sented to referee a boxing match, but with the knowledge I possess of the
honesty of the men who will box on Friday nipht I am satisfied that the
contest will not be a difficult one to referee. Should I detect, however, the
least symptom of hippodrome in an y round of the contest, I shall cer
tainly order the contestants out of the ring and declare the bout a no con
test, which will mean the declaring off of all bets. I am fully satisfied, how
ever, that dreen and Smith will fight a straightforward battle, and that the
public will be pleased with the entertainment."
As there will be only one preliminary bout before the Hon. William Jor
dan, the grand master of fistic ceremonies and director general of saus
ages and divers kinds of meats, will mount the rostrum to announce the
event of the evening and the great necessity for a non-polluted atmosphere,
etc.. It Is presumed that the entertaininment will end earlier than usual.
The fighters will weigh in this afternoon. Green is now 153 pounds and
Smith 147 pounds. The betting is still in favor of Smith; the odds last even
ing were 10 to 6^. with Smith in the lead. Should the mysterious pugilist
defeat Green he will be challenged by Tommy Ryan and Joe Wolcott.
LEAGUE BABIES
ARE GETTING
ALONG NICELY
Watsonville in First
Position.
If anybody doubts the quality of base
ball that lias been served to the public
at home or in the other league towns
since the season opened let him study the
work of the various teams and become
convinced that not even the National
League has ever opened a season with
such a high class article by all the teams.
Local cranks have seen all three games
the home team has played, and notwith
standing the great work It did In all of
them, it lost two out of the three and Is
now at The foot of the column, while
"Watsonvllle, the baby team of the league.
Is at the head with two out >of three
games to its credit. Oakland, Sacramen
to, San Jose and Santa Cruz have each
broken even on two games played. With
a continuance of such ball playing the
Eighth-street grounds will not begin to
accommodate the crowds later in the sea
son. Following is the percentage of the
teams, including last Sunday's games:
<: O 02 05 03 30
< p » t= p &
ft •*• « 3 3 a
I I I
g. : s : 5 g.
iii M ?
...[ o [1 I TT ITO
0 ... 0 0 0 1
0 0 ... 0 0 1
1 0j 0 ... 0 0
3 r» >< 3
•• ; a s
: : a' 3
:: : £
•: : m
!: : i
7"
atsonviue ..
ikland
icramento ...
in Jose
inta Cruz —
in Francisco
"6'
0
1
I
0
0
V
1 1
•61
\l
o
o
l
i
0
0
0
0
1
I
:
o
o
i
i
i
i
i
7
1 2
1 2
1 2
1 2
2 3
7 ...
.600
.600
.." -"
.600
.: :;:;
0 10 0 ... 0
0 0 1 0 0 ...
11l 1 I|l 2
i'
jst
1....
Baseball has caught tho town.
Loi .1 fanatics are experiencing their
second appearance on earth.
With a fourteen-inning game at the be
ginning of the season, what will they
hand out when the players get down to
their .speed?
Fireman Fitz seems to be In line for
a public reception presided over by tho
Mayor in the near future.
Hank Harris has taken the two defeats
of his Native Sons to heart, but says he
will havo them in the lead before the
month is ended.
Watsonville is going to receive a cor
dial reception when it comes to town. It
has about as fast a team as has been
herded together on the coast in many
years.
Hanlon has reached an agreement with
the San Jose management and that popu
l;n- player will hold down first base for
the Gardeners for the season.
Jim McDonald will start for the East
Saturday or Sunday to iill his engage
ment as a National League umpire. He
has not been notified yet where he begins
tho Beason.
Jack Sheridan, the old-time California
League umpire, will be with the Western
League agnln this season.
Iburg, the change pitcher for Frisco,
has entirely recovered from the injury to
his eye caused by a ball striking him
while practicing two days before the
opening of the season, and he will go in
the box for one of the games at Watson
ville this week.
Sacramento Is In great luck In having
secured Meaney permanently. The clever
center fielder was- to go to Newark, N. J.,
this season, but he claims the manage
ment of that team forfeited all right to
his services. Under the National agree
ment all clubs reserving players must
Bend the men a contract not later than
March 1. Newark neglected to forward
Meaney's contract until March 10, there
by invalidating its title to his services.
When it was announced that Hughes
was to pitch last Sunday for Sacramento
1.,<-al cranks of sporting proclivities fig
ured it out that tho Capital Citys had a
2 to 1 <ln<h on tho game and backed their
opinion with their coin. Now they are
sorry that they pinned so much faith in
the National League.
Manager Cripps of Sacramento said last
Sunday that h«' put Hughes into the game
;^e the public demanded drawing
cards, and, moreover, because the Cali
fornia League was not a member of the
National Agreement; that if it was he
would not play under it. Mr. Cripps is
right, with some exceptions. The public
does demand drawing cards — which
Hughes evidently Is not— but it will not
t . "ringers." Players in regular
League games must be members of the
team with which they play or eligible to
become members or interest in the game
!s destroyed. There has been too much
of patching up teams horr- with National
League players temporarily at liberty,
and the "people have become tired of it.
Again, Cripps' assertion that the Cali
fornia League Is not a member of the
National Agreement Is at variance with
the statements of all the other managers
and If he is right the sooner the league
becomes a member the better it will be
for baseball h^re, even though it were to
result in Manager Cripps withdrawing
from the game. There are others who
would be only too glad to take hold of
the Sacramento club.
San Jose has been somewhat crippled,
owing to the illness of its shortstop,
O'Dea. He Is Improving:, however, and is i
expected to participate in the games thia
week.
It was thought that Watsonville would
have to place its main dependence on j
Harper in the delivery department, but
"old reliable" seems to have a side part- |
ncr in Whelan, who is fully capable of
wrapping up the goods and sending them
home promptly.
The Sacramentos were somewhat han
dicapped in Sunday's game owing to the
illness of tht-ir regular shortstop, L.ock
head. Sheehan, although an exceedingly
clever second baseman, is a comparative
novice, and it was an injustice to him,
though unavoidable, to shift him over to
short. Ho is a great youngster, though,
and promises to make the veterans
scratch gravel before the season Is many
months old. Another "find" for Sacra
mento is "Kid" Reitz, who bears a strik
ing resemblance to his brother Hank,
and handles himself much the same as
does tho elder Reitz.
Harvey, who is at present in the care
of a physician, will sign with Sacramento
as soon as he is able to get into the
game. The champions will then be com
plete.
San Francisco had Russell in uniform
last Sunday, intending to put him in the
box, but Fitzpatrick was so anxious to
go In again against Sacramento that
Harris consented. Fitz's work was ex
traordinary, considering the fact that he
had pitched fourteen innings of almost
flawless ball the day before, and that
after fighting fire all the previous night.
Fitzpatrick seems to be like Chief
Borchers in his palmy days; the mort
he works the better he performs.
There will be a meeting of the league
directors early next week to act upon the
Snn Francisco-Sacramento protest, and
alto to settle up some minor affairs.
Bill Clarke, who made a hit here some
years ago while catching for San Jose
and later on caught for the champion
Baltimores, has been sold to Boston.
Oakland looks to have the fastest
Infield in the league. It seems to be a
trillo weak in the pitching department
compared with the other teams, but with
its heavy batters this weakness promises
to be fully offset.
The report that Chance has been signed
by Milwaukee is an error. The Callfor
nian will be a regular member of the
Chicago team.
Lange and Ryan are both aspirants for
the captaincy of the Chicagos, which pos
tion carries with it increased salary and
much glory should tho team finish near
the top.
I>alrymple of San Jose created quite a
disturbance during last Sunday's game
by disputing a decision of Umpire Levy.
Such tactics should not be tolerated, and
Dalrymple will find himself relegated to
the bench if he continue! his tactics.
The facilities for reaching the Santa
Cruz grounds are meager, and as the
grounds are located on the beach a long
distance from the center of the town it
naturally affects the attendance. Man
ager Tuttle ought to induce the street
railroad company to buy another mule
and charter a narrow-gauge boxcar for
the convenience of patrons on ball days.
Hammond, Oakland's second baseman,
gives every promise of developing into a
!i rat-class man. He is new to the pro
fessional game yet and shows signs of
nervousness, which will wear off when
he becomes accustomed to large crowds.
The ball that cai'sed so much dispute
last Sunday at Reservation Park was
somewhat f*oft and consequently could
not be batted far, but the rules provide
that a ball shall be kept in play as long
as the cover is not ripped or torn or the
ball loses its shape.
The members of the local team are de
lighted over the ?trong partisan feeling
already developed among Recreation
Park patrons. This is entirely new to
San Francisco ball patrons, for heretofore
the cranks have shown no marked pref
erence for the home team but have di
vided their expressions of approval
among them all. This partisanship will
tend to encourage the boys wonderfully.
Baseball teajnß are being organized in
many of the leading wholesale houses
and a strong strictly amateur league will
soon be established. The deputies in the
Assessor's and County Clerk's offices
have aJso organized teamß, and already
there is a kick over Josh Riley, who is
employed in the Assessor's office. The
Assessors want to play Josh, but the
County Clerks protest on the ground that
he is a professional. The dispute will
be settled this week.
Krug seems to be in company that Is
traveling a trifle faster than ne ever went
before. In other words, while the other
players who were hero last season have
speeded up, Krug apparently has not
fallen into the 'new gait.
The home team makes its first trip
away fmm home this week, playing at
Watsonvtlle Saturday and Sunday. San
Jose will meet Oakland at Recreation
Park, while Santa Cruz will Journey to
Sacramento.
The Oakland grounds are. not completed
yet. although work is progressing on them
rapidly. Manager Ewlng expects to play
the first Sunday morning game on them
the 23d of this month. After that there
will be a regular league game in Oakland
every Sunday forenoon by the teams that
are scheduled to play here in the after
noon.
The first of the Intercollegiate games
between Stanford and Berkeley will be
played at the Sixteenth and Folsom-street
grounds next Saturday. There is great
interest in these games and the students
put up almost as good ball as the profes
sionals.
It peems odd to see "Tip" O'Neil in a
San Francisco uniform after all the years
he has played with Oakland. Time was
when "Tip" and Harris did not get along
comfortably, but Hank is not slow in rec
ognizing a good man, and he made no
mistake in signing O'Neil. In addition to
knowing every point of the game and
being able to take advantage of it in
stantly, "Tip" is a good business man,
and any time Hank finds it inconvenient
to go away with the team he will know
that under "Tip's" charge perfect dis
cipline will be maintained and the busi
ness end competently handled. 1
OF iNTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufac-
turers, Brokers. Importers, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers,
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
IN CORRESPONDING WITH ANY Of THE FOLLOWING
FIRMS PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINa
LP IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting «nd
T. IiCUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs ana Ship
Work.
Office tnd Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5015.
—
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
842 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
HI rr nnifll .Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL Market . s F - Tr y
I urr Hi our s P eciai Brew
1 1 H I II IHi steam and
111 L lIU I 1 1 L. re overcoats and
Valises checked free.
COAL, COKB AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
800 BATTERY STREET.
\1 '■'}''- Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH, Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbintr, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE).
REDIN6TON & CO. Ss^tfttSZ '
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton St Hedle*. Prons..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da.
BCriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
©The Real
Improvement
for 1899
IN CYCLE CONSTRUCTION ARE THE
Harwell Ball and Roller Bearings
FOUND ONLY ON
CLEVELAND BICYCLES.
Less Friction Means Easier Running.
CLEVELANDS sell for
$40 and $50.
SPECIAL $75
E7"Old Wheels taken In exchange. Bargain
list of Second-hand Wheels mailed on applica-
tion.
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin Street, S. F.
20 BAN PABLO AYE., OAKLAND.
«**«MEYERB
fijjkgjp mw fJB IYICT End
|||f r^&^jjSs. Specialists for Men
\|JgiA At *\£&\ Tbty hare tba largest and
55^ V&K '$$jf*i[Wsd ttasive practice in th« O. S.
MlvPiliW 3No Var TiU Cured#
W^V CnfortuDate ntn who r»».
(^}fl\. [^SlSaffl^Af'J not c *" * h uM wrlu fur k<1 '
t ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _ Al 'f' FREE.
ThoawxU cared at home:
*.n i«tt«n confidential; No Charge for Consultation.
731 BMlS»ciis«» I £«»««.
I PIERCES ]
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOP.a.IVER.LUMGS.
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jSU^a^ra 625 KEARNT NT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(J25 KKAKKV NT. Kstabllsbed
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lent Man hex id. Debility or
■ffIj^^VJGSL 'lisi-ase wearing oil body anrt mind ana I
fcVjCfv^wii sktn I)ltPBse8. l'hoiioctorcnroswh-n !
2wJg^Sft£?y<ilhPisfall. Try him. Charges low
Js6SE^i3tf2 "F oarl » n *<" < * d - Callorwrite. ,
X>r. J. f- WIBBOA. Box 3957. 5 ac Francisco '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
For
Golovin Bay,
Port Clarence,
Kotzebue Sound,
Connecting: at Kubuck River with the steamer
JOHN REILLY.
BARK ALASKA,
B. COGAN, Master.
Will Sail on or About May 1.
For freight or passage apply to
B. COQAN, 44 East St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORE, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
From New York Every "Wednesday 10 a. m.
St Louis April 12 I St. Louis May 3
Paris April IS Paris May 10
New York April 29 St. Paul... May 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
South wark April 12 Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April 19 Frlesland May 10
Kensington April 26. South wark May 17
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawgon City.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA 'and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Balling. •_■:/.';% . .
NIPPON MARtT Wednesday, April 13
AMERICA 'MARU Saturday, May 6
HONGKONG. MARU Thursday, Jun« 1
Round . trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, , General Agent.
S. R. Marlposa
pails vla Honolulu
■■rwin fc and Auckland for
■ ■"SSLbbbls 1 Sydney Wednesday,
wLl&nScLs'L' "\ A P rll 19 > at 10 p- m -
MB»rsftyniSnlDc) - The S. S. Australia
3j§gfiy CyiWJIIIJIIILJ satis for Honolulu
2c£^ (OfIiP()RJ2 L - Wednesday, May 3, at
e>~> vi I"r*1 "r** |fc H ip. m. . . ■•■■
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first-class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Flight Office, 327 Market St
.V FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
fIC RftYFC Shipping Butchers. iO4t a
JA3- DUICj, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.& vV,
LIQUORS.
GCDOLD WHISKEY, gallon $1.50 ;<e»«t, $6.00
0. P. 8. PONT, do $2.50; case $10.00
L. CAHEN & SON, 118 Sacramento St., 8. 7.
"NO BETTER ON EARTH" *SFSL£&
Ochre. COMANCHE OCHRE CO., 13 Front st.
PAPER DEALERS.
WH I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co..
IULLAIYILI IE 722 Montgomery Street
PRINTING.
E C HUGHES, su s p a^nT. E^.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^apnlcp AßTßlD( > wg,,,
THE HICKS- JUDB CO., SSSST-i^gSr t.
TYPEWRITERS.
I|||L All Typewriters Rented.
j2i^T!ij3% B " « '" r Partly need for sale cheajk,
*?^d* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
jSgSg&gik L. & M ALEXANDER.
*^*gL&BSZ=* 110 Montgomery itrat.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forw-"tnK Agents and Public Weighers. O. -
•ra.l Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1314.
WATCHES, ETC.
Ti fTVIYV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LLAI/It ;i ls-ic. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
: V Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
la th* Beat Coal In th» Market.
Oflce and Yards— Main QtrMC
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Wt Bteamers leave Broadway
lf^«i»^^ wharf, San Francisco:
BBBBBBBBBBBi ' For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
InStSaßk A P r - I. 6 ' n > 16 - 21 > 2i Ma 7 1;
i tfcmN&RWrk change at Seattle.
iflnSHI «aVf or Victoria, Vancourer (B.
IcHaCkaHnl C.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
I r— *^JgaßBßA Tacoma. Everett, Anaoortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
*• 10 a. m., Apr. 1. 6. 11, 18, 21.
28. May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ■"-'■■:■.■■ '■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m. Apr, 4.
9, 14, 19, 24, 29, May 4, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
Fan Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Apr. 2, 6. 10, 14, 18. 22, 26.
SO. May 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, PtoppinK only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Apr. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20. 24, 2S, May 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paf. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chansre
■without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of pwiHnir.
TICKET OFFJOK— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DTSPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom Spear-street Wharf at 18 a. m.
PARC *' 2 First Class Including Berth .
IMIIL S3 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia sails March 14, 14; April 2, IS. U.
State of California sails Marco 19. »; Apru
8. 18. a.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Batt*.
Helena and all points in th» Northwest
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
00 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS 4 CO.,
Superintendent.
COHFAQHIE GENERALE TBANSATLANTUJUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. f-rr~T
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. 4j%f£gr\
from Pier 42, North River, foot of «*»»»»
Morton Pt. LA CHAMPAGNE, April 8; LA
BRETAONE, April 15; LA TOURAINE, April
22; LA GASCOGNE, April 29; LA NORMAN-
DIE May 6. First claps to Havre, $65 and up-
ward, 6 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cine Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., S. F.
BAY AND RIVEH STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat., at 9:45 a.
m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs, night); Fridays
I 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays 10:30 a. m., 8 p. m.
Landing and office, Misslon-st. Dock. Pier No.
; 2. Telephone Main IK*.
FARE -Wo
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFOIMA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
XjE!SSH3B3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnroh Perry, Foot of Market 6a.
, SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a, m.; 11:35,
3:20. S; JO, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:60
and ii:B0 p. m.
6"UNDAYS-r8:0O, 9:M, 11(00 a. m. liM, 3:80,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «UO. 7::0, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45,
t:4O, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:B5 and 6:85 p. m.
PUNDAY^-8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.} 1:40. 8:40,
8.-80, 6:25 p. m.
between San Frtvndsco awl Sobuetaen Park
fame »ch»dule as efiov*.
> '■' ■ - ' "■**'' « M.W.I .
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Franotsco.
in-, — t- — f October l», •• » ■
Week i feun- IS9B. Bun.- Wee.lt
Days. j Days. Destination, day*. day*.
7:80 ami Biooam Novato. l«:4oamj 8:40 am
8:30 pm! 9:80 am Petalmna 8:10 pm '10: am
IS; 10 pm 1:00 pin Santa Rosa, Ti33 I>m, 6:23 pm
Fulton,
T)9B am Windsor, 10i33 am
HaaidsDur*.
Lyttori.
Qeyaervina;
8:50 prn 8:00 am Clorerdale. TlB6 6:Mpra
nonlaaid and
7:80 am Ukiah. 7:88 pra 6:JB pm
V:toam ' f 10:85 am
8:09 am QurnejnriHe. T:SS pm
8:80 pm 6:82 pm
7:30 am S:ooam Sonoma 10:46 am 8:40 am
; and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Olen Ellen. _ 6i19 pm' 6:23 pm
TiSO am; 8:00 am BebMtOi>ol. 10:40 am 1 10:86 am
3:80 pm 3:00 pall 7:35 pmj 6:89 pm
Stages connect at Santa R«»a for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gqy-
eervills for Bkagrs Sprints; at Cloverdala fo*
the Oeyxers; at Hopland (or Duncan Springs,
Highland Spring*, Ke)B«yvUle. Carltcad
Sprlnya. Soda Bay. tAkeport amd Bartleti
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Eprlncs, Upper Lake. Poma, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lleney's, Bucknejl's,
Sanhedrln Heights. HullvMe. Boonevllle, Orr*»
Hot Spring*, Mendoolno City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Deal, Willltts, Laytcnvllle, Cum-
mine's, . Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Pyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle hldg,
H. C. WHtTIN 4 G. r. x. RYAN. ■
General Manager. Gen. Paas Agent,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, comtnenolng Sunday,
Sept. U, 1898:
Week Days— a. m., X:45 p. m.
Bundays-8:00. 10:00. 11:80 a. hi.. 1:11 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. •$• ■ „
THOB WOK * SON, Ag«nt% M Iforktl
'«i»lk.B»a yranclaoo. - I ]
AUCTION SALES.
EDWARD S SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 SDTTEB ST. Telephone Main 5131.
ECU TOR'S SALE,
.THIS DAY (FRIDAY). APRIL 7.
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
We will sell by CATALOGUE at residence,
CORNER OF UNION AND FILLMORE
STREETS.
By order of the Union Trust Company of
Ban Francisco and J. F. D. Curtis, executors of
the estate of AMELIA V. R. PIXLEY. de-
ceased.
Furniture, works of art, billiard table, car-
riage and brougham, etc., etc.
For particulars see Chronicle.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter st.
RATT.BOAD TBAVifiL.
NOITIIKH.N PACIFIC COMPANY.
(rAOiriC BYHTKM.)
Trnlna Icutc J»iul nro due to nrrlfe at
MAN II!IMIS(I>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lkatx — From March 29, 1889. — abkot
•6:©Oa Nilee, Han Jose and Way Stations... •Bi43a
7:00 a Beuicia, Sulsun and Sacrameuto.... Bi43p
7:OOa MarriTille, UroTilleaud Redding rls
Woodland 5:4.1p
7:O©a Elmlra, \'»oavllle and Rumsey 8:45p
7:8Oa Martinet, San Kamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatog* and Santa Rosa 0:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Kast.. 8:45p
SiXOa Sau .lose, Lirermore, Htnckton,
lone, Sacramento, Haoerriile,
MarTSTille, Chico, lte<l Ulu/T. 4:1*1.
8»3Oa •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4:15p
9:AOa Haittiiez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fretno 12:1 3p
9:«Oa Fret no, Bakersllsl<l, Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles, Demlog, El Paso,
New Orlrnns and jut 6:45
I«:O«A Vail i- jo Martinez and Way Btatlom ?:45r
12:*0 m Niles, LlT»rmore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanfurd, Visalia,
~ PorterriUe 48lUr
•I:»er Sacramento Hirer Steamers *8:00p
4tOOr Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Uallstoga, Snuta Rosa Bil3*
4i»»r Benioia, VacaTille, Sacraiueuto,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
MarviTflle, OroTllle 10:4.1 a
4:B*r Niiea, Ban Jose and Stockton 7:15?
s:«orSan Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, Bi»kt>r*fleld, San-
ta Barbara, Los Ancles »:43 a
•QSiOOr Paciflo Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East aSil.">\
3:30p Stockton, Merced, Fremo. 12:13p
S:80r Martinez, Truer, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare and l.on Angeles 9:4<V\
SißOr Santa l'> Itoute. Atlantic Kxpress
for Mujaie and Rut 6i43p
OiOOr European Mail, Og.ien and Kast.... »:4Ba
6i»»r Haywuda, Nilosand San Jose 7il3\
*•(•• p Val Is jn ia«lsr
17: OOp Vallejo, Port Ooeta and Way Sta-
tions J»:4.-JP
■:O»P Oregou Sacramento, Marys-
Tlile. Reddlug. Portland, Puget
.Sound i.til East Bil3A
slO:#Sr Sunset Limited. Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paeo, New Orleans
and East Hi43p
SAN LKAMtKO AND lUTVTAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
\ M«lrea«, Seinlnarr I'ark, 7
StOOA r'ltrhuiirp, Klmhur.t, 6:43 a
4Sio«a Kan Lean ilro, South Kan (*U:45a.
lO.OMa Leantlro, K»tn<lllf», 10:43 a
<11i*«a ■ Lorewo, Cherry \ 12:43
8««Op » B( | • 11:457.
*'•*' Hay ward*. <3 -'l" p
7 *°* i Runs through to Niles. 7x45p
) I From Nile*. i
COAST DIVISION (!Urr<MT Waiiße).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:15 a Newark, Oenterrille, Sao Joss, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oru» and Way
StHtlooa BiB«»
•Bilsp Newark, Centwrrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cm* and Principal Way
Stations Mois»a
4:1 3p Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos... 9i2«a
\\ l:40p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7;2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
rrta SAX r&AHCISCD— Foot or Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.u. 11:03 •2:00 13:03
•1:08 15:30 •e-.00r.n.
rrmlAIUIB— r««lerBr««e»»j.— ««:00 8:00 10:00 A. U.
112:00 ♦1:00 18:00 '3:00 14:00 *S:COr.H.
COAST DIVISION (Bread flange).
(Third and Town»end SU.)
7too* Baa Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) li3op
• iOOa Sau .Toko. Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Orore, Paso Robles, Sa>
Luis ObUpo, Quadalupe, Surf and
Principal War Stations 4:10r
10t40A San .lose and Way Stations »8:00 a
lIiSOa San Joae and Way Stations Bi33a
*3i4Bp San Mate.), Redwood, Mealo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Gllroy, Hollbter, Santa Onia,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacitlc
«roT« *10:36 a
•liSep San Jose and Way Stations *9:00 a
•4i1.1p San Jos* and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•StOOp San Jos* aad Principal Way Stations 6::|3 a
SiSOp San Jose ami Principal Way Statious 3:30r
6:»0p San Joae and Way Stations 7:3 Up
flli4sp San Jose and Way Sltatfons '>- 7:38p
A for Moruiug. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays exeepted. J Sundays only, i Saturdays only
•JMoadua. «Saturdays. bSunda/s.
California
limited
Santa 'R Route
Connecting Owl Train Leaves San
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY. TUES-
DAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. th»
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR.Ob-
servatlon Car and Electrla
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TiCIEfBICE— IB MARKET SI.
TELEPHONE MAIN ISSI.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
Son Joss Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:43.
3:45, 5:15. »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS - •8:00. *10:00. •11:30 a. m. »V.li,
3:00. »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. '6:35. 7:45. »a:3O a. m.;
12:20, 2:20, '3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:20. »S:00. *10:00. »11:55 a. m.
•1:15. *3:10. 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS an Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:20. 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI9
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. M. 1881. trains, will run as follows^
[ South-hound. North-bound.
Pa««n- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
-1 «r. Sunday Stations. Sunday per.
Daily. Exo'pta Exe'ptd Dally.
I 7:*o &m 16:86 am Stockton 1:15 pnj 6:00 -pa
' »:W*ci 1:06 pm Marcitf IS: pnj 4:11 p.^
19:40 am 5;?6 pmi Fresno »:J0 am 3:42 pm
11:88 am 7:45 pm H*nford f:l! am l:«ptn
liJ5 pan 1-8:80 am BakertnMd »:00 am 11:00 ai3
U:SJ am 8:25 pn> Vlaalla •:« ami 1:2« pm
M:lSpm <:S8 pm| Tular* g;EO ami 1:06 pn|
' Rtgppln* at Intermediate points as required.
i For particulars ol ttaee and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Mana^ar's Office. S2l Markel
ttrotClUtt.rxaJlolaoj. ,7
BUY A FARM FOR silver
AND SELL THE PRODUCTS FOR
; i-JS GOLD.
YOU CAN DO IT IN
MEXICO,
RAISING COFFEE, ORANGES, BANANAS
AND CATTLE.
THE MEXICAN CENTRAL STAND-
ARD GAUGE RAILWAY
Reaches all the Important points In the Re-
public
Excursion tickets, limited nine months from
date of sale, may be purchased at any rail-
road ticket office.
Address the undersigned for descriptive mat-
ter. Including "Facts and Figures About Mex-
ico," mailed free.
C. E. MINER.
General Western Agent, room 209 Houser build-
Ing;. St. Louis, Mo.
W. D. MURDOCK,
Aist. Oan'l Pass. Act, City of Mexico. •
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CONVICTED OF
BREAKING HIS
GIRL'S THIGH
Drink Caused Fay to
Be Cruel.
A WIFE'S UNHAPPY TALE
FIFTEEN TEARS OF MIXED EX
PERIENCE.
Little Laura Ate a Piece of Cake,
Told a Lie and Was Beaten
by Her Drunken
Father.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 6.
Charles H. Fay was convicted to-day by
a jury in Judge Quinn'a court for cruelly
beating his 13-year-old daughter. Laura
Fay'p crime consisted of eating a piece of
Easter cake to which she had helped her
self.
In giving her testimony to-day the- girl
did not seem desirous that her father
should bt- punished for his cruelty. She
seemed anxious to tell the truth, but not
enough of It to hurt her parents, and
Judge Quinn did not insist on her testi
mony.
ATTORNEY W. W. FOOTE CONGRATULATES MRS. MENTEL.
Deputy Marshal Rawson told of the girl
running to his house suffering severely
from being beaten. He said that the back
of the girl's nr-ck and arms were all
bruise*, ami between her shoulders tljere
were some bruises and also the skin w;us
lacerated. Hawson gave some damaging
evidence.
Town Marshal IJo i- d alpo testified as
to the condition of the girl on the even-
Ing of the beating, and said she was so
frightened tha.t she stayed with his fam
ily all night.
Dr. A de Marconnay, who dressed the
girl's wounds, said that non<* of them were
is, though a green stick fracture of
the girl's left thjg-h would cause her con
siderable trouble a-nd take some weeks to
heal. He did no* think the lwnes would
have been fracture*! by an ordinary strap.
The defendant, who conducted his own
case, did not make a very "ood start on
his defense, ile called for a witness his
neighbor, W. B. Pickett. and about all
that Mr. Piokett said was that Fay bore
the reputation o-f oeing a very quarrel
some man. Mrs. Fay then told her story
of unhapplnetss. For fifteen years she has
been the wife of Fay. Part of this time
they have lived happily and part unhap
pily. Drink causes all their troubles,
when Fay Is not drunk he is all right.
Bhe waa not at home at the time of the
beating, and only Knew what the children
told her.
Fay put himself on the stand. He said
that they ha/1 a cake in the house to be
eaten on Easter Sunday. Laura ate some
of it and denied doing so, even though
some of the crumbs were still on her lips.
The defendant excused the severe beating
by saying that he had no Intention of be
ing cruel, but that he punished her for
lying to him. He said he had eaten noth
ing all that day. and when he took a glass
of whisky it went straight to his head.
He cnnf' c se<l to the habit of drinking too
much, and said he was not sober at the
time of the boating, but was very angry.
The jury, after an hour's consideration,
found the defendant guilty but recom
mended him to the extreme mercy of the
court because of the provocation his
3aughter had given. He will be sentenced
to-morrcw morning.
HOW THE WOMAN
WITH THE HOE
GAKLAND, April 6.— The feminine counterpart of Charles Edward '■
Marknam's "Man With a Hoe" was developed In Superior Judge
Ellsworth's court this afternoon at the trial of the divorce suit of '■
Christina Xeilson-Kirchofer against Gustaf Kirchofer, on the grounds i
of cruelty and failure to provide. The parties were married in Ala- ,
meda April 20, 1897, and the fruit of the marriage ia a bright little ■
girl with golden tresses.
The fair plaintiff, a buxom young woman of twenty-eight summers, with ■
hazel brown eyes, took the witness stand this afternoon and testified that im- i
mediately after becoming the bride of her Switzerland lover they removed to <
Mendocino County, where defendant owned 160 acres of timber land.
"One month after we were married," continued Mrs. Kirchofer, "my
husband compelled me to work in the woods with him, sawing down trees
and chopping wood. As soon as we had several acres cleared we planted
potatoes, and then he mada me take a hoe and work in the patch. We lived
in a little two-room cabin, but there was no bed provided, and we slept on
the floor. For a long time our principal food consisted of beans mixed and
baked with flour.
"It was too much for me, and I soon suffered from hemorrhages of the
lungs. Then people fn>m a nf4ghl>oring claim brought me food, and they
finally removed me back to Alameda, where I have since resided. The clothes !
on my baby's back were donated by friends. My husband is an able-bodied
man, with sufficient means to provide for us. His ranch Is worth $2000. It
contains now 275 fruit trees, and in all twenty acres are plantod. The re
maining 140 acres contain redwood, pine and oak timber, and once my hus
band was offered $2 75 per cord for the tanbark." :
Her attorney, Carltnn W. Greene, also called other witnesses to cor
roborate her testimony, which in the main they did, and the trial will prob
ably close to-morrow.
HER SIMPLE
STORY SECURED
HER ACQUITTAL
Anna Mentel Was
Justified.
SHOT IN SELF DEFENSE
TRIAL FOR MURDER SOON CW
CLTTDED.
After She Was Betrayed by Her Hus
band She Took His Life in
Order to Save
Her Own.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 6.
Anna Mentel is not a murderess. She
did right when she shot her unnatural
husband on the pTreets of Alameda last
December. This afternoon the jury justi
fied her action, convinced by her simple
story of th<' tragedy, told between her
sobF and under the guidance of W. W.
Foote. one of her attorneys.
It was one of the quickest of trials.
Compared with the tedious Brandes case
it was phenomenally quick. There was
not a single challenge of a juror for
cause, not a word of cross-examination
of the witnesses for the defense, not a
single objection made or exception taken,
not a word of argument from either side,
not a single written Instruction handed to
the court. There was proof offered that
a man had been killed, the explanation of
the young woman who tired the pistol
and the verdict; nothing more.
The verdict was tiot a surprise. Since
the story of the tragedy was first told by
Anna Mentel in tile Receiving Hospital
■no one expected a conviction. On the
; fatal night, while the doctors were re
i dressing the wounds in her head through
which she had fired the bullet that she
: hoped would end her life, she confessed
to her unhappy secret marriage and the
; result, and she repeated the facts to the
jury this morning.
"When court opened Attorney Foote
! made a short address to the jury. il<?
said the defense would- prove that Anna
Mf-ntel was a good, home-loving girl and
i that until she became Infatuated with the
! deceased her life was innocent and guile
' less. Under a promise of marriage a
: smooth villain wrecked her life and then
; he hesitated to carry out his promise. He
forced her to consent to illegal methods
to conceal the wrong he had done and
thus added murder to his perfidy. This
man entered Into the solemn covenant of
marriage with no Intention of keeping it,
i and shortly afterward he took steps to
desert his young wife and go East. He
repudiated the marriage and heaped the
bitterest humiliation upon hiE wire until
she in a moment of anger, smarting from
his blows, weak from his cruelty .md
mentally unbalanced from his persistent
cowardice, undertook to defend herself.
' Outraged humanity asserted itself, Mentel
fell and the young girl tried to end her
existence.
| The defense then placed Deputy County
C'lcrk Shvlue of San Jose on the slam!.
He It was who issued the marriage license
to Mentel. He told of Mentel's anxiety
to have the matter kept secret, because
he intended to skip out and desert the
girl.
The story that removed the cloud that
THE SAIS FEAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
has hung over Anna Mentel for four
months did not take lons in the telling.
] la-1 not the tears flowed so freely it could
have been told in ten minutes— it did not
occupy more than fifteen. It was clear
and logical and carried with it the burden
of truth. There was no one to contradict
it, and what facts were obtainable helped
to bear it out.
In a few words it was the story of a
good girl deceived by a false suitor, of
betrayal, of a secret marriage, dishonor,
threatened desertion and death, conclud
ing with murder and attempted suicide.
And this was her story:
•'1 am Anna Mentel. 1 was married to
William Mentel in SUn Jose October 2 or
last year. After our marriage we came
back to San Francisco and I re
turned home the next day. I
nevejr lived in San Rafael nor
did Mentel ever live th*re. Under
promise of marriage I consented to live
with him as his wife, but he showed no
desire to carry out his promise. I was
eeriously sick at a hospital and he prom
ised me that when I recovered we should
be married. One night on Ellis street he
said he would throttle me. He struck me
and would have struck me again had not
a man pasod by. One evening we met on
Powoll street. I asked him to talk about
our affairs. He said that he did not want
to bother with me at all. I wanted to
know about our marriage. He said he had
to catch the boat to Alameda and told mo
to go there with him. He disappeared at
the ferry and the boat had almost reached
the mole when 1 found Mr. Mentel stand
ing on the front part of the boat. When
he saw me he made an attempt to run
away, but I caught him.
"When the boat stopped we got off and
took the train for Alameda. That was
the first time I was ever in Alameda in
my life. We got off at some street, but
I don't know where. I asked him what he
was going to do with me and asked for
our marriage license. He became angry
and used hard words, calling me vile
names and threatening that if I mention
ed marriage again he would brain me. I
demanded justice of him and he laughed
at my pleading, telling me that marriage
was a farre and that he did not believe
in It. I told him I would wait no longer;
that I wanted to know right then what
he was going to do. Thie made him furi
ous. He said if I referred to the matter
again he would kill me. I was afraid and
told him that I would go and tell his sis
ter and try to g.n justice at her hands.
Then he turned toward me and struck me
severely on the side of the head. The blow
stunned me an«l I reeled and fell to the
sidewalk. T then took my revolver, and
when 1 was trying to get up from the
sidewalk 1 fired. I iired upward some
where."
At this point Attorney Foote stepped
up to the witness chair, took a fur cape
from the table and placed it around the
witness' shoulders, and said: "Now, now,
my child. tak<> your time. There is no
hurry. Don't cry. but tell the jury the
whole truth. The pistol was in this
pocket, was it not, and you took it out
and fired?"
"Did you know whom you were firing
at, or did you fire in th» air?"
"I shot in the air somewhere, but I sup
posed he was there."
"Do you remember what you did after
ward? Did you shoot yourself ?"
"I think I did. 1 was so excited and
so nearly insane that 1 did not know
what I was doing. I do not know how
many times I shot. 1 know I was so mis
erable that I wanted to die right there.
It was my father's pistol." said the wit
ness, "and 1 took It a sHort time after
my marriage for self-protection, because
Mr. Mentel beat me and threatened to
kill me."
The prosecution had no desire to cross
examine the witness, and sobbing she
was led from the stand by Mr. Foote.
Adolph Beth, the defendant's father,
told briefly of his daughter's home life.
He said he never knew Mentel; thai
Anna was always quiet and always at
home, and he had implicit confidence In
her. Tie was not cross-examined, and the
case ended.
Counso] on both sides expressed a de
sire to have no argument, and neither
side wish.-d to submit any written in
structions to the court.
Judge Hal] read the statutory Instruc
tions to the jury at 11 o'clock. The jury
did not return at noon, and lunch was
ordered for it. A few minutes after court
met for the afternoon session the iurors
returned with the verdict exonerating the
defendant.
Mr. Foote shook hands with his young
client and congratulated her, a couple of
minutes was passed in hand-shaking
between the attorneys and the girl's rela
tives, and after Mr. Foote had expressed
his gratitude to the jury the incident waa
closed.
JUDGE FRICK NOT IN A HUBBY
Will Take Proper Steps to Punish a
Briber.
OAKLAND, April 6.— Judge Frick says
that ho will prosecute a charge agninst th«
San Francisco detectives who offered him
a bribe for the purpose of Inducing him
to betray his client, Fred Foster, in the
suit recently settled to recover two race
horses.
Attorney Frick said to-day that he will
not deny that money had been offered him
to throw his client down, but he posi
tively refused to make any statement of
details, as it would not help his case.
He stated further that at the proper time
everything would bo made public.
St. Paul's Benefit.
OAKLAND, April 6.— The ladles of St.
Paul's have made very perfect arrange
ments for the presentation of "A Dress
Rehearsal" at Dietz's Opera House next
Saturday evening. The cast is composed
of the following well-known young society
people: Miss Pauline Fore, Miss Barber,
Miss Gould, Miss Florence Sharon, Miss
Little, Miss Carmen Moore, Miss Mary
Williams and Mrs. Koser. Th^ro will
also be a double male quartet, consisting
of E. D. Crandall, W. A. Sutherland, G.
A. Nissen, Otto Wedermeyer, Harry
Thomas. C. Van, H. King, Philip Abbott
and R. Clarence Newell. Musical num
bers will be contributed by Miss Jean
Man- Hush, Ambrose Thomas, Miss Eliz
abeth McNear and W. B. Hopkins.
WHOLE FAMILY
WAS AFFLICTED
WITH INSANITY
Henry Collins Sent to
Stockton.
LAST MEMBER OF THE HOUSE
THEY LIVED IN SQUALOR AND
AMASSED A FORTUNE.
Mother Deeded Away Valuable Prop
erty for a Pittance, and Suits
Will Be Instituted to Re
cover It.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 6.
Henry Collins, aged 36 years, was com
mitted to the Stockton Insane Asylum
this afternoon by Superior Judge Greene.
His commitment closes a chapter in the
biography of a whole family of heredi
tary imbeciles. The Collins household
until a few years ago comprised Mrs.
Mary Collins, her feeble-minded husband,
two sons and two daughters, and the ag
gregation for many years was the terror
of the residents in the vicinity of Eighth
and Madison streets. Yet, withal, they
accumulated a fortune that reached close
to $20,000, consisting principally of choice
real estate on Eighth street, reaching
from Alice to Madison.
A few years ago the head of the house
died suddenly and in February, 1897, a
son, Willie, and a daughter died in the
Napa Insane Asylum. And only last year
Mrs. Collins followed them to the grave,
leaving as survivors the son, Henry, and
a daughter, Mary O'Kourke.
Just prior to her death Mrs. Collins
deeded away most of her property for a '
mere pittance. One piece, valued at the i
time at $6000, she gave away for $500. j
What remained was worth about $6W)O
and this Mrs. Collins bequeathed by will
to her only surviving daughter, Mary
O'Rourke, and only recently Mrs. Ellle
Whalen of Temescal was appointed guar
dian of the person and estate of the lat
ter.
Henry Collins was left absolutely noth
ing and yesterday the focal health author
ities found him In a little shack on the
old Collins property at 167 Eighth street
in squalor and filth.
W. B. White is the attorney for Mary I
O'Rourke's guardian, Mrs. Whalen, and
he announces that he will bring several
suits in the very near future to recover
some of the land Mrs. Collins deeded
away.
"Of course, when Mrs. Collins deeded
this property," said Attorney White to
day, "she was incompetent, and while it '
wifl require a great deal of work clearing '
i up titles, etc., I feel sure we can recover
sufficient so that the two surviving chil
dren, Mary and Henry, can be properly
provided for."
NO CHANGES TILL
FISCAL YEAR ENDS
SEDUCTION OF SALARIES IS NOT
OPTIONAL.
Candidates Are Already In the Field
for Every Probable Va
cancy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broad way, April 6.
It Is practically settled that whatever
changes are to be made in the depart
ments of the city government will not be
made until July 1. At that time there will
certainly be many surprises.
The recommendation to pass all the or
dinances which are necessary, in order to
give full forco to the Mayor's message,
shows very clearly what can be expected.
All the employes will have their salaries
reduced 25 per cent, but it will not be ac
cepted as a voluntary gift from the in
dividuals. The reduction will be made in
the salary of each office, and the office
holder will have no option but to draw
his reduced salary. This plan clearly
shows that it is not alone the purpose to j
reduce the salaries, but to make what- :
ever changes are necessary In the de- !
partment.
Had each employe been permitted to
return voluntarily one-fourth of his sal
ary till the t-nd of this fiscal ' year, it
would have been a great exhibition of In.
gratitude on the part of the city to re
move them from office at that time. Hav
ing reduced the salaries, however, they
cannot be raised until the offices are va
cant, and when they are refilled -the ajc
will fall.
Outside of the Police and Fire depart
ments there are likely to be but few if
any changes. It is hardly likely that an
attempt will be made to change the Street
Department, it being an acknowledged
fact that it has given the greatest satis
faction of any department of the govern
ment. In the Police and Fire depart
ments there is much room for specula
tion, but apparently no one is to be dis
turbed for more than two months.
Candidates are already cropping up for
every position the holder of which is con
sidered to be in doubt, but no one is able
to derive any satisfaction from visiting
the City Hall. The manner in which the
City Council has started out to support
the lines drawn by Mr. Snow is proof of
harmony among the heads of the govern
ment, and therefore every change mado
will be the result of deliberation among
the officials as a whole, and not the work
of one or two Individuals working from
personal motives. This has along been
the idea of Mayor Snow.
FRUIT PROSPECTS
WERE NEVER BETTER
ALAMEDA COUNTY MAKES A
FINE REPORT.
Washington Township Has One of
the Largest Crops of Beets
and Cherries.
NILKS, April 6.— At no time during the
year has the crop outlook been as bright
In this portion of Alameda County as at
present. Washington Township Is divid
ed naturally into three districts— the fruit,
the vegetable and the sugar-beet districts.
The recent rains, were the salvation of
the entire district, the total for the year
amounting to 14.41 Inches. Irrigation had
already been begun on a large scale.
Thousands of acres were being saturated
when the rains stopped It. The grain and
vegetables received all of the water they
could well stand. The fruit lands needed
more. Already irrigation plants are In
operation again.
The present outlook for sugar-beets is
of the best. The acreage will be immense
and with a few late showers the yield
will exceed anything of former years.
The vegetables are in excellent condi
tion with carloads going forward dally.
This includes rhubarb, potatoes and peas,
peas.
The shipment of nursery stock has ex
ceeded the combined shipments of the
two preceding years.
Grain never looked better. The yield
cannot fail now. The ground has moisture
enough to ripen the immense stand every
whem visible. The acreage is not above
the average.
Apricots promise great things. Some
orchards are falling badly, while others
are overloaded. The prices offered now
are J75 per ton, with prospects of an ad
vance when the yield is certainly fixed.
Oranges are large, sweet and a good crop.
although nearly all gone now. Almonds
promise well if more rain falls. Figs will
be scarce, the first crop having all fallen
off, owing to the drought. Cherries are
looking well. The trees are heavily
loaded and with warm weather will be
ready for picking within six weeks.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, April 6.— Mary Frances
Claflin, through her attorney, Z. N. Golds
by, to-day filed suit for a divorce from
James E. Claflin. .
An appraisement of the estate vt Ebed
L. Murphy was filed to-day, showing total
valuation of $7197 15, of which $5017 15 rep
resents cash received from life insurance
policy. ■'■'":"•'':
County Clerk Jordan to-day issued a
marriage license to Charles F. Nold, aged
30 years, and Henrietta D. Wiebalk, aged
26 years, both residents of Alameda.
James A. Harris, an attorney, aged 51
years, died at his home, 1012 Twenty-first
street, last night after an Illness of two
years. Deceased was a native of Nash
ville, Term., and leaves a widow and two
children. He formerly practiced his pro
fession in San Francisco.
. » ♦ «
UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA NEWS
Professor Fryer Honored — Arrange
ments for an Extensive Military
Display at Close of Term.
BERKELEY, April 6.— The California
Academy of Sciences has bestowed the
privileges of life membership upon Dr.
John Fryer, professor of Oriental lan
guages and literature. The honor is con
ferred in recognition of Dr. Fryer's ser
vices in delivering a series of popular lec
tures upon Chinese life and customs under
the academy's auspices. The lectures were
delivered in San Francisco and attracted
much interest at the time.
The final exercises of the military de
partment have been set for Friday, April
28. They are to last all day, and will con
sist of the annual inspection of the entire
corps and a regimental parade and review,
closed by a sham battle. Professor Frank
Soule, commandant of the corps, has al
ready issued the orders for the day. The
cadets have been ordered to assemble at
9:30 o'clock on tne parade ground for in- j
spection. The inspection will last until i
noon. At 1:30 o'clock the companies will
reassemble on the parade ground, march- !
ing to the lower campus in battalion
formation. On the lower campus the order
of exercises will be as follows: Regiment
al parade; regimental review; exhibition ;
drill by battalions; competitive .drill by
companies for the colors; sham battle; ;
ceremony of saluting the colors; address I
by the commandant; dismissal.
The sham battle will be one of the most j
extensive affairs of its kind ever given \
on the college grounds. The two bat- ;
tallons, under command of Major W.
Ede and Major \V. Hackley. have been |
organized as parties for attack and de- j
fense. The battalion on the defensive will I
be stationed amid the college buildings, j
prepared to resist assault from the at- i
tucking party, advancing from below. Sev
eral thousand rounds of ammunition have '
been provided for the occasion. The en- |
gagement will be watched by inspecting
officers from the United States regulars,
nnd a decision awarded as to the merits
of both attack and defense.
Thrown From a Car.
ALAMEDA, April 6.— Mrs. R. H. Fall
mer, her two little daughters and Mrs.
Anna O'Brien were thrown from an elec
tric car yesterday at High street and San
Jose avenue. The motorman lost control
of the car and it struck a sharp curve
with such force that the passengers were
thrown from their seats and those on the
outside were sent jj^flling Into the street.
Mrs. Fallmer's two-year-old baby was on
lif-r lap at the time, and, although it was
hurled to the ground, it escaped without
injury. Both Mrs. Kallmer and Mrs.
O'Brien were Btunned by the fall. Th<
former was badly bruised along the right
side, the hip bone was injured and her
right shoulder dislocated.
Wood and Foot Discharged.
OAKLAND, April tJ.--Cleorge Wood and
Thomas Foot, the two newsboys charged
with being implicated in last Saturday's
robbery at the Emeryville racetrack, were
discharged by Recorder Bradford to-day.
They Favor Living Pictures.
ALAMEDA, April B.— Unity Circle of the
Unitarian church will meet to-morrow to
complete arrangements for giving Per
ham Nahl's living picture entertainment
for the benefit of the church.
Bishop Spalding gives advice on
the education of women, in next
Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A J MeKinnon, Cal J J Andersen & w, Cal
H F Meyer. El Paso B H Wilson & w, Cal
C J Hood, New E C Swthper, Cal
OH P Xoyes, Japan G Q Barnes &w, Cal
T Laughrey, Ogden G Fountain & w, N V
C E Curran, Denver Mips L Fountain, N T
E H Purlin, S Jose Mips II Fountain N V
W C Swain. Cal W Paul, P C
H P Holly. Cal C A Moore. Gridley
F H Green, B Rafael W H Egan & w <\-U
i P H Rohblns, Cal G L Smith. S Cruz
W H OMalley, Cal M J Gates, Campbell
J T> McGUroy Jr & w.U" C Williams, Cal
Cal M Besse, B Cruz
J Hlrsch, Cal 11 H Prtngle. S Crui
<" T Ramsden, Nippon T L Bell, Ken Lomond
Maru P Sweed, Petaluma
A H Hart. XT S S Matthews & w,
C F Howe. Chicago | Mich
F B Churchill A w. 11l G C Walker & w. Mich
A Lueffelhnlz. Win H R Lovett, Mass
W ("li'.rk &W, L Ang H Garbutt &w, Cal
T Loughmey. Ogden C H Howard, 111
C S Brnln, Conn C H I'astle, Merced
Mrs C S Broln, Conn \3 T> McGllvray, Cal
3 Panz. Minn i M J Dwyer, N V
Miss M B Baker, Cal :F E Densmon & w,
Mrs S Lister ft o, Cal I Mich
H W Manby, Cal C J Rayner, w & d,
H H Torrey, Sacto I Mich
H J McCann & w, Cal j C A McLean & c, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
G E Goodman & w, Cal IT Cranage, Bay City
A L Bell, Ireland J P Bates, ' Boston
W Paull, DC A R Mitchell, Boston
F B Small-wood. Cal E M Richards Boston
F S Johnson & w, Cal H H Llttell & w, N V
J Cross, Los Angeles IT W Letton & w 111
A P Cross, Los Ang A McPherson &vr, Mich
C Sleberllng & w, Ohio J H Boltz & w, Phlla
H Young * w, N T J II Higglns & w, 111
OH P N'oyes. Japan I A B Jenks, Chicago
J W Cllpe & w. Seattle E S Klmball, Chicago
F M Klgglne, D C Miss Kimball, Chicago
M Mnrehouse, Ohio I Miss Watton. Chicago
W Clark & w. Lr AnR A Welnenthanner, N V
A Caton & w, Chicago Mis 6 C Xewnian, Ca!
Mlps E'lcly. Chli-ago Mrs C Wheeler, Phila
S M Felton & w, Ohio Miss Wheeler, Phlla
Miss H Felton. Ohio IE B Howard &w. Cal
Miss X Felton. Ohio C W Gillett. X V
Mrs .1 Qate«, Ohio C W Gillett & w, X V
G B Schoonmaker, N V W J Lemp & w, Mo
J Welnbeln & W, Cal I Miss E Lemp Mo
J L Freeburn, Spokane Miss A M Noble. X V
\V Reid & w, N V J 0 Smith & w, 111
J O Cormack, Bl Louis F L Orcutt, Sacto
F Bruce. New York J McNeil. Santa Cruz
W C Rigg, Atchison E Churchill & w, Cal
H A Thompson, N V O A Packford &w. 111
NEW WESTERN" HOTEL,.
C H Helander, Fresno R S Kennedy, Cal
H M Fedd'Tsen, Cal ; H C Henry, S Cru«
J L Ferguson & w, A Wolf & w, 111
San . : : Miss A Wolf, 111
J c T>awe. Madera Miss C Wolf, HI
J Williams. Sacto Miss O Wolf, 111
G J Star. Isleton | G Wolf. 11l
L Wartenberg, L Ang' J AVolf, 111
M Mills, Sacto
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, April 6.
Schr Laura May, Honsen, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Srhr Lizzie Prien, Hanson, 4 days from Co
quille River.
Bchr C. H. Merchant, Olsen, 13 days from
Seattle.
Sehr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
SAILED.
Thursday, April 6.
Stmr Scotia, Lundquist, for .
. TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 6— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, for Hamburg; stmr Siberian, for Glas
gow.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 6— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed April 5— Stmr Corean. for
Philadelphia; stmr Hentla. for Baltimore
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 6— Stmr Spaarn
dam. from New York.
Sailed Arirll fi— Stmr Maasdam, for New
York.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made"
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 552b.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened $1 ut 7T
painting ilnnc Hartman Paint To.. 319 3,} £['
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 2 (30c per share) oMthe~PaaiT
hau Sugar Plantation Company will be Day-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
St.. on and after MONDAY. April 10 1899
Transfer books will close TUESDAY Anril 4
1899. at 8 p. m. E. H. SHELDON Bee
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. ■?-
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- Trap
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS __J
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. «V
Order of Red Cross. All f raters are ▼
cordially Invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection "_■*
No. I— Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY) A
EVENING, April 7. at 8 o'clock. _s_A_
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. <____*
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ■
M.— Called meeting THIS (FRIDAY) _f\_
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. First degree. ]\J\
• By order of the Worshipful Master. f^ i
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. __
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (Frl- _f\_
day), April 7, 1599, at 1:30 o'clock p. 7_jT
m., at Masonic Temple, for the funeral ' >
of our deceased brother, JOHANN GOTT-
LIEB JANKE. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No. __ffl_aa_
207, I. O. O. Officers and mem- jgp__}_--
hers are requested to attend a : *§_Z»gHs'
special meeting at Odd Fellows' ■■»»»—
Hall, SUNDAY, April 9, at 2 o'clock p. m.
sharp, to assist with the funeral of our late
brother, JOSEPH DURROUSE. By order of
E, BLANQUIE, N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX. Secretary. <
GRAND Chancellor CHAS. L. PAT- 3*:
TON and JOHN A. HINSEY, presi- »_ J*&
- deot board of control, Endowment <jTSQ_tt_.
Rank. K. of P., will visit Golden •s'fli 3
City Lodge No. 63 THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN-
ING. All Knights welcome.
H. SCHAFFNER, C. C.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- _ €_■ S_
inn Club THIS EVENING at S3, _feW
o'clock at Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- T»3j«r
kin st. Important business. A full " _."■
attendance requested.
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
A. O. H., Attention— His Grace, the t_^W>
Most Reverend Archbishop Riordan, \Swfi
has appointed SUNDAY, April 9, as ___(
the date for the annual reception of CCJ_«?
holy communion by the Ancient Order •>~"b
of Hibernians. The officers and members of
the various divisions will assemble at the
hall, 120 Ninth st., at 7:15 a. m. and will pro-
ceed to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth st., near
Howard, to receive communion at the 8
o'clock mass. His Grace, ARCHBISHOP
RIORDAN, will celebrate the mass and will
also deliver a sermon to the members. - ;>
P. J. McCORMICK, County President.
E. J. HANNON, County Secretary.
NOTICE is hereby given by order of the, Board
of Directors of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY that a meeting of the stockholders
of said Company has been called by said
Board, to be held on FRIDAY, the second day
of June, A. D. 1899. at eleven o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at the principal place of
business of said Company, at the building
where the said Board of Directors usually
meets, namely, at the office of Bald Company,
number 327 Market Bt., In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California; that
the object of said meeting Is to consider and
act upon the proposition that said Company
create a bended indebtedness of two million
five hundred thousand dollars ($2,500,000 00), In
United States gold coin, for the purpose of
raising money to complete the construction
of its steamships and their equipment, for
use in the business of this corporation, and
to purchase and pay for any other property
within the purposes of this Company; and to
secure • the bonded Indebtedness so proposed
to be created by a mortgage upon its steam
and Bailing ships and all other property of
Bald Company now owned or hereafter to be
acquired by said Company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the
Oceanic Steamship Company.
[Corporate Seal.] E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany. '
MEET to-day at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant
aye.. to borrow money on any old thing.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A— NO. 1 second girl, best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
MAN and wife for city or country; wife a first-
class cook; man porter, clerk, watchman;
handy at anything. Call or address 741 How-
aril st., room 12.
WOMAN over 50 wants light work In small
American family: is good cook; would go in
the country; good home desired. Call 645
Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman will assist in small
family; good plain cook: small wages; good
references. Address box 881, Call office.
NEAT young girl wants a position for general
housework and cooking or chamberwork;
wages $15. 1061 Mission st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day,
v housecleaning or washing. Address D. G. ,
box 2, ;212 Green st.
GERMAN woman wants washing: or house-
work by the day. Call or address corner
Twenty-fifth st. and San Bruno road, saloon.
YOUNG German woman wishes position by
day, cooking and housecleaning. 2748 Lom-
bard St.; telephone West 620.
YOUNG girl wishes housework and assist with
children; references. 631 Larkln st. ; tel. Sut-
ter 52.
WOMAN wants situation as working house-
keeper; call after 12. 30 Kearny, room 8.
AMERICAN lady, competent, respectable,
wishes work any kind. 1202 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE young woman will give her
services in return for board and room, with
her husband, In hotel or private house: good
sewer; housework or chamberwork; best of
references can be given. Apply by letter to
MRS. HOUSTEN, 376 Geary St., room 21, and
will call. \ ,
AMERICAN woman, destitute and In need of
work, wishes situation to do house or cham-
ber work in small family; not accustomed
to children; Oakland preferred. Box 7474,
Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG German girl wishes to do general
housework and washing; American family;
$20 expected. Address 2 days, WORK, box
850, Call office.
YOUNG German girl wants situation; second
work; good seamstress and understands wait-
ing en table. Please address or call at 830
Geary st.
BORROW money on diamonds, silver, sealskins,
Bilks. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
COMPETENT woman wants to do house clean-
ing or any other day work. Call 105 New
Montgomery st., room 23^_.
GOVERNESS, French, German, English, de-
sires position In a first-class family. Ad-
dress box 853, Call office.
LADY capable of taking charge of dentist's,
oculist's or doctor's office, wishes place; best
of references. L. D., box 848, Call office.
TWO young ladles would like positions, one as
bookkeeper the other office work. 216 Kearny
St., room 9.
LADY desires position as housekeeper; refined
family; thoroughly qualified; references.
Box 856, Call office.
— Situation by a young woman to do
any kind of work by the (lay; $1 25. Address
208 Drumm st.
WANTED — Position as cashier In restaurant.
Address box 863, Call office.
WANTED — Position as waitress In restaurant
Address box 861, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do second work
and sewing; city or country. 1517 Broadway.
LADY wishes any position of trust; best of
references. 9 Powell St., room 9.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
■ and typewriter, i Address box 845, Call.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from f*rry; elevator.
SITUATIONS ANTED—
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
JAPANESE emplymt office; help; farm hands
domestics. ITO, 725 Geary st. tel. Polk 12!
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414^ O'Farrell at.; tel. East 428.
PRACTICAL printer, with 10 years' experience
as foreman and business manager of dally
newspaper would like position on city or
country paper. Box 898. Call office.
GARDENER— Has had 20 years' practical ex-
perience in all branches; has been employed
in some of the beat families. Address Gar-
dener, 516 Battery st.
YOUNG man with experience would like place
in cigar store; best of references T
HIRSCHFELDER, 324 Hayes st rences - T "
YOUNG Englishman wishes position as coach-
man; knows his business and reliable- with
references. A. S. ROUSE. 427 Sutter at.
MAN and wife wish good positions In city or
country. Address B. S.. 106 Taylor at., room 8.
BAKER wants position as bread baker- wages
no object. Address box 873, Call office.
GOOD cook wants employment; small hotel or
restaurant. W. P., rooms 17-19, 307 4th st.
YOUNG man, trained nurse, desires an en-
gagement; hospital preferred. . Box 878, Call.
AN experienced vineyardist and wife would
like situation: understands wine making and
■farming thoroughly. Address A. CAS-
SAGNES. 813 Jessie at. B
BARBERS- Young man. 1 years experience in
10-cent shop, desires position for Wednesday
_j___^2^^, d m a o y re n l S t 13 - Add — _£
MAN as Janitor or night watchman; will make
himself useful sweeping or cleaning while on
a x C BVc-U arB ' n laSt - ' aCe: referen <** n
MONEY to loan you on watches. Runs muatoal
instruments. UNCLE HARRIS. IS "_£!
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— as lumber or box shook
salesman: thoroughly competent: best of ref-
erences. Address B. J., box 833, Call office.
CARPENTER, cabinetmaker," first-class me-
chanic, wants a situation. Call or address .
446 Valencia st.
COACHMAN' and gardener, thoroughly under-
C stands his business, wishes situation; city or
country; good references. Box ..0, Call.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG girl as comP^^^^V.^KV'^"
old. $7; San Rafael. MISS < LLLKN, 226
Butter st. '
GERMAN maid and seamstress, $30; French
nurse $25, need not speak English. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
KFAT young girl assist housework. $15. 2 In
Family? MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Alameda, 3-5; Auburn, $20;
Pacific Grove $20; 2 cooks, $30 and $35; 12
housework girls* city and country $20 anrl
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $10. MISS
CULLEN. 325 gutter st.
LADY'S maWMalidlelmstress. $30; second girl,
2 In family, $25. MISS CULLEN. 825 Su
SECOND girl, $20; nurse, infant $25; French
maid $25; waitress, country hotel. $.'O-. luncn
and dinner waitresses; 3 restaurant waitress-
es $20 and $5 week; and a large number
of girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, no wash. American family, $30 see
lady here at 10 to-day; German or -£ can ;
dinavian cook, a short distance, $30; «
cooks in American and German families $„
and $30; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
COLORED girl for housework; 2 In family,
$20, see lady here at 10 to-day. J. F. CROS- .
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
6 waitresses, first-class country hotels, $20; 2
waitresses, city, $20; chambermaid to wait,
for first-class city hotel, $20; 2 restaurant
waitresses, $5 and $6 •
Cook for delicacy store, $6 week.
FAMILY ORDERS —
German cook. $30, 2 in family; 4 cooks, $28 1
and $30: German woman to cook ror i men
In bakery, $20. country; parlor mainland wait-
ress $25; second girl, very choice place. $2j;
and' many places to assist housework If. to -
$20; house C. tr R. small American famllj
»■__»______ HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WATNTED-Cooks, chambermaids. h'SISTS!
and girls for housework. MRS. HIKD, 631
Larkln St. ;
WANTED— Housekeeper and nurse who under-
stands the care of younc children; middle-
aged American preferred; moderate wages.
Address box 880, Call office.
GIRL between 14 and 16 years of age to assist
in lieht housework between 8 and 7; sleep .
home. Box 871. Call.
WANTED— OId lady to keep house for 3 chil-
dren; light work. 2 Clarence court, oft Bu-
chanan st., cor. Geary.
W ANTED— Good pants finishers: steady work.
Apply 54? Sanchez at., bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth.
WANTED— girl to tend baby; sleep
home. Apply 3392 Twenty-first St., corner
Guerrero.
HANDS wanted to learn the neckwear trade.
HEINEMAN'S, 109 Sansome st.
FIFTY young ladles for outdoor games; to
travel; good salary. Nat'l Agency, 7 Grant.
WANTED— Young girl light housework; pri-
vate family; good house. 1945 Geary st.
WANTED— Tailoress at Roos Bros., 25 to 87
Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to take charge of children. 1622
Fulton st.
WANTED— to assist with housework.
Apply 162 South Park.
YOUNG girl to assist in restaurant from 10
to 2. 258 First st.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping; wages
$8. Call forenoon, 710 Lombard st^ .
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. Apply 227 Fifth.
street.
OLD lady to care for 2 children. 150 Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on ladies' tailoring. 16
Turk st.
GOOD cook In American family: plain cook-
Ing. Call 1725 Pine st.; reference.
MAKERS and trimmers wanted on millinery.
1323 Stockton st.
BORROW money on your valuables; private en-
trance, ladies. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— lmmediately. first-class corset
maker and designer; reference. Box 549, Call.
EXPERT hairdresser and ventilator. S.
STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary st.
WANTED— German : girl for housework and .
cooking; references: $16. 3004 Mission st.
GIRL. 14 to 16 years, to assist in light house-
work; after 9 a. m. 916 Fulton st.
GOOD hand on vesta. Apply at 411 Vi Kearny
st., top floor.
GOOD quick hand on vests; also boy or girl
apprentice. 628 Stevenson Bt.
FINISHER on pants. 83 Third St.. upstairs.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED — Chief engineer for mine in Cali-
fornia, $105 per month, reference required;
4 more farm hands for first-class steady Job.
$20; 2 American farmers, same ranch, $20; 5
German or Scandinavian farmers, $20; farm-
er and milk 5 cows, near city, $20; blacksmith
and machinist for mill, near city. $40 and
board; 2 Swiss milkers, $30; woodchoppers and
tiemakers, tools and grub advanced: cooks
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Milker and wife $35 and found
farmer and wife $35 and found
stableman $40
milk wagon driver, city; milker and butter
maker; 5 milkers, $25 and found; laborers,
$26 and found; man to run incubator; farm
and vineyard hands; ■woodchoppers and tie-
makers, tools advanced; coal miners: butcher,
country, $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
BARTENDER, country hotel, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS, city and country, $35 and $40: waiters,
different country hotels; young man for
butcher shop, $15 and found; solicitor and
driver for dye works. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
4 stonemasons, railroad work; free fare.
15 laborers for railroad work; new camp.
12 milkers, different counties, $30, $25 and
$20.
Painter, $2 50 a day; ranch blacksmith, $23
and found.
German farmer and wife, see boss here; I
farmers, $15.
4 colored waiters, country hotel, north, free
fare; bellboy with references; cook for a
boarding-house, $40; night cook, $6 a week;
second cook, country hotel. $35; 2 waiters,
country hotel, $20; dishwasher, country hotel,
$15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— and wife, private family, $40:
English, Scotch or Irish gardener, $30 ana
found; 4 quartz miners, $2 day and boar.'. :
butcher boy, $13 and found; choreman for
ranch, $20; farmers, $20; cooks, waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 128
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Engineer, one who can do black-
smith work, $40 and board, see boss here;
chief engineer for mine, $105: 8 farm hands,
$20. near city; blacksmith on shafts: Swiss
milker. $30. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610
Clay st.
MAN as porter In business house: German, ;
married, preferred. L. ANDRE. 316 Stockton. I
BARBERS' Protective Union, the only legal
organized union of the coast, has authorized
J. J. HEINZ, its employment secretary, to
extend his services into the country every-
where and to see that none but reliable help
Is furnished. Office, 630 Market, downstairs..
2 LADIES' tailors wanted for the country;
piece work on jackets: must be thoroughly
V competent: rapid men (can make $20 a week;
9 hours: plenty of work. Apply to STEIN,
SIMON & CO., cor. Second ana Market sts.
WANTED— Experienced finishers on pants:
none others need apply. S. N. WOOD &
CO., cor. Powell and Market sts.
STEADY, sober man for day work; no expe-
rlence required; must loan $200 to proprietor;
good security. Call or address 1940 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS floor brush maker. Apply be-
tween 11 and 1 o'clock to H. L. PRATT Cos-
mopolitan Hotel.
WANTED— respectable boy about 17
years, living with parents, for wholesale
house. Box 882. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors on fine Jackets
and waists: wages $18 to $20 per week. In-
qulre at once. Elite, 462 V& 13th st.. Oakland.
SECOND cook and elderly man to wait «*
table. 1012 Battery st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Call after Ba. m., 906H Howard st. ____
BARBER— man: good shaver: steady
■ place; state wages. Box 877, Call office^
WANTED— with $30: ' good opportunity
for right man. Apply 210 Townsend st.
PARTNER -wanted: capital $20(1; no trifiera.
40 Ellis St., room 19; investigate.
GENERAL tailor and coat maker for country.
Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED boy In blacksmith shop. 956
Harrison st.
BARBER with 1 or 2 years' experience; no
students. 1661% Mission st.
WANTED— German man to cook In oyster an*
chophouse. 231 Sixth st.HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in collecting
and delivering goods: must be satisfied with
$10 per week and have $60 cash. 1032 Market
st., room 4.
$150— PARTNER wanted In one of the oldest
business openings, established 25 years; sure
$75 or more each per month; light office work;
experience not necessary. Apply GUS
STRAND & CO.. 10274 Market St.; above 6th.
BARBER'S Progressive Union; free employ-
nit H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1184.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
SAILORS for Honolulu, coast, Australia and
cast at HERMAN'S, 26 St«uart st.
METAL spinner wanted. 555 Mission st.
BARBER shop, Richmond District; good wages
made: price $75. BTOLTZ. 630 Market st.
TO go this week— 3oo pairs men's .some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 60; new shoes
slightly imaged, one-half price. 662 Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts.; open Sundays.
JlOO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches, Jewelry
llancs, silver. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay!
J O i: n N E YMEN Barbers' Union Free Employ-
ment Bureau, 1125 Market Et. W. J. BRIDE-
SHAW, Secretary.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting 35c
to Sflc. 562 Mission t., bet. Ist and 2d s'ts.
F I UST-CLASS ladies' tailor. BOWHAY 516
Putter nt. '
FIR6T-CLASB advertising agent; lady of gen-
i>man. Room 4, 4ng California ft.
RECRUITS wanted for the United Stales Ma-
rtne Corrs, United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the agew of 21 and 33
years, «ho are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
'.er, it!on to become such; must be of good
character and habits and able to speak read
«nd write English, and be between 5 feet 5
•• -he? and 6 feet In height. For further in-
■ : -nation apply at the Recruiting Office, 40
s st.. San Francisco, Cnl.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
•v-t; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
''■ '■'* and baggage to and from the ferry. .
V.'\XTED— Men to learn the barber trade;
fummer rates or percentage terms. 1543 Mkt.
SAILORS, green bands, blacksmiths and car-
penters for steam whalers: seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
J!OB?ON House, 417 K>\"ir:iy— Rooms from 25c
to 60o; $1 to S3 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
Barber College, 13*4 Eighth st.
f TN'wLE sunny furnished room, $2 50 a month.
Lir.dell House, Sixth and Howard stu.
MKN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
Foleing. Ssc; only one price. 923 Howard st.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 23c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 wk. Elcho House, 8634 Market st.
WANTED— To collect waeen due laborers and
r)erk«. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth
for a room: 250 a night; $1 a week.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
.< rufp-i, in wrappers for mailing, $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED. ~
COUNTRY to sell Leather Lustre: best seller
out: sample postpaid. 25c. J. Brown. 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
SOLICITORS wanted— Active, intelligent men;
J2OOO rr.a.y be earned as wages In 4 months.
Address 8.. box SC7. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
r^^MUTHEß"63TMa7k^%tirVays"h!^hest
cash pries for furniture, groceries, etc.
ROOMS ~W ANTED.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms In exchange for !aun-
-iry work. Address box ?72. Call.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand projectoscope and
films: also a '.-handed stereopticon outnt.
Box 817. Call office.
ECRAP Iron, brass and copper bought: coun-
try trade solicited. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission.
Ml BICAX INSTRUMENTS,
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $S
cash and $1 per month, we ask you to Invest! -
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in go<vi second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
• Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Putter
■ sts.. Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
A FEW BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
Cramer, good condition $72
Weber, fine order 152
3 Kingsburys, used 7 months IS6
Vose, mahogany case 225
Sterling, used IS month? 270
• All guaranteed 6 years; easy payments.
BENJ. RTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell at.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
wABt of Chicago Ii KOHLER & CHASE'S.
C 6, 2S and 30 OTarrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
ar.-1 prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
'UFtomer.
IiORNUNG'S Pianos praised by all great ar-
:lstB; his touch regulator the wonder of the
lay; I ease examine. 216 McAllister st.
A GRAND opportunity to save money in the
pichase of a high grade piano for cash this
week. Room 12, Flood building.
PIANOS accurately tuned and warranted; send
postal to COOKE. 1051 Howard st.
PIANOS at auction prices to realize advances
and storage. Wilson's Storage Rms., 1710 Mkt.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
rents $3 £0 up fallowed on purchase). 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister c-t.. next Hibernla Bank.
r >HMER pianos, are the best. BYRON
MAUZY. Sole Agent, 308 Post et.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy, SOS Post st. :":;
KN \BE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
40* HORSES for sale; also wagons., buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
c T'LLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BLACK horse and family carriage, complete
rig, for Bale cheap. Address GRAY. 915 Call
building.
■ 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 114 _alsonj st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-137 Fremont st.
BMITH American organ; cost $100; sell for $40;
in good order. 1007 Tennessee Bt., between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
BARK back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand.
J. NOON AN. 1017-1018-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. •':.-■;'
CREAMERY machinery for sale; a bargain;
almoEt new; latest type separator, boiler, en-
gine, etc.; Bold separately or together. Apply
box 447, Petaluma, Cal.
ONE 15 11. P. gasoline engine In fine condition;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 614-516-518 Mission st.
LlU}:' commission for information of tools
and machinery for sale. Epstein. 648 Mission.
FRESH milking Jersey for sale. 1623 San
Bruno road.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
' EDISON Mimeograph complete for printing,
ting or sheet music, $12 DO. 618 Fell st.
DRILL press, boring machine, 20-inch planer
and ornery grinding machine. 1634 Mission.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; good condition:
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
PULLEYS covered by pat. leather prevent Blip-
page; saves power. Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission.
SAFES— AII sites new and second hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento s^
GASOLINE engines— l horsepower, $100; X $125;
3. $150; 4. $17i. SMITH CO., 527 Mission st.
POLYPHONE, 535: attachment (only). $I.'. will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
f-AFES — Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 108-111 Market. S. F.
SEAVING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
TO LEASE.
TcTTease^-For wholesale nnd retail wine and
liquor business, store with large light base-
ment on very- prominent downtown corner.
Apply to WILLIAM HENDRICKSON & CO.,
•It Call building.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2so; HOME cooking parlor and . delicacy
store on Larkin st. ; worth $400; great sacrl-
nee. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s4oo; CARPET cleaning and upholstering
business in lively city 30 miles from San
Francisco; clearing about $100 per month; a
first-class investment. R. G. WILKE, room
8. 906 Market st.
A-$1650; MONEY-MAKING offer; thousands of
dollars in sight; patent right for the U. S. on
SINGLETREE for protection of trees; every
farmer of fruit grower needs them; small
cost of manufacturing. Particulars of R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st., room 6.
A— s4so; CORNER saloon, with living rooms,
on Fifth St., near Market; rent $30; average
daily receipts $14: fine fixtures, cash register,
etc WILKE, 806 Market 6t.. room 8.
A— WAGON and carriage shop; repairing and
. manufacturing of farming Implements; in
lively country town, Alameda County; estab-
lished many years; tools MOO; stock at invoice
price; a splendid chance for good, steady man
who knows his business. Call R. G. WILKE.
9C6 Market St., room 8.
A— s6oo; RAILROAD boardlng-houso In Oak-
land; first-class pay*ng; best class of board-
ers; large rooms; good furniture; rent $20.
Particulars of WILKE. 906 Market, room 8.
A— sBso; CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms, on Market 6t. ; doing a good-paying
business; owner bought transfer business.
Particulars of WILKE. 906 Market, room 8.
GENERAL merchandise store connected with
- postofflce in lively country town; no oppo-
sition; including building. 2 lots 25x150;
$2000; stock of merchandise about $3000;
rarest chance. For particulars call WILKE
6 UNFUG. 906 Market st.
FOR sale— Road house, known as the "Capi-
tol," on the Alum Rock road; the most popu-
lar pleasure drive out of San Jose, having
. an acre of land, substantial buildings, all
furnished, anil bar well stocked. In fact the
most complete plant of its kind In the State:
kept by the present owner for 12 years, who
is about to retire; this is not alone an Ideal
house but a place where the right man can
make big money. For particulars apply to
CHAS. KIMIC, Alum Rock road. San Jose,
. Cal. • -■-;--:■?■■■...
$200— PARTNER wanted in mechanical busi-
ness; well established, fast-growing trade;
steady work, not hard; good wages and <i
chance to get/rich; no experience required.
WESTERN INVESTMENT C 0... 9 Geary st.
JSSO— MEAT market; no opposition; $100 a
month clear; 4 horses; 2 wagons; refrigerator;
$45 a day trade; a bargain; trial given.
WESTERN INVESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
$450— FINE-PAYING butcher shop; does cash
business of $20 daily; old established corner;
sells 4 cattle, 25 sheep weekly; don't miss
this bargain. STENBERG CO.. K_ Kearny.
S9OO— CORNER grocery; full stock choice gro-
ceries, family liquors, cigars. Including fine
delivery wagon and horse; good trade guar-
anteed. STENBERG CO., 26<* Kearny st.
A— S2SOO— CORNER drug store; doctor's prac-
tice worth $300 a month; receipts $20 daily; I
chance for a physician. KREDO & CO.. 22>*
Geary st. «..,•..:
A— SIOO— BRANCH bakery, delicacy and can-
dles. KREDO ft CO.. __ Geary st.
$1300— SALOON and restaurant (including build-
ing) : netting $200 monthly; fuu Investigation.
$225— Saloon; good corner; fine fixtures; do-
ing good business. Nat. Agency, 7 Grant aye.
SSOO— GOOD-PAYING hotel; must sell to-day; a
bargain. COWING & CO., S9a Market st.
PARTNER wanted with $1000 to buy sawmill
and 525 acres of timber land; good, safe in-
vestment; no experience needed. Call or ad-
dress A. J. SMITH, 1114 Minna st.
$7oO— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store;
sales 116 to $25 a day; 3 nice living rooms;
a bargain. Box 444, Call office.
COFFEE saloon to let. 3210 California st.
FOR Well-established printing office, for-
merly conducted by the latetHAS. W. LIEB,
at 220 Sutter Ft., room 37. will be disposed of
at a reasonable offer. For particulars call at
above office or 212 Pennsylvania aye.
FOR sale on account of sickness, florist and
nursery stock, greenhouse and heating ap-
paratus, doing business of $15 to $2' a. day, or
will exchange for real estate across the bay.
Apply 500 Haight St.
$500— YOUNG man with good references and j
business experience wanted as a partner In
a good manufacturing business; established
ISS9. Box 547, Call office.
JOHN REDLEY— Leaving for Europe, desires
to sell his tailoring business. including stock
and good will. 840 Third «t.
PARTNER wanted in livery stable: $100 a
month guaranteed: 1 month trial given; price
reasonable. Box 860. Call office.
YOU can double your money in salmon can-
nery shares; only a few left. See CLARK &
CO.. room 609, Examiner building.
A— TO buy or sell your business quick for
cash apply to MOON & CO.. 100«Vx Market st.
WANTED — Financial backer in legitimate
business; contracts pay 5 per cent; good se-
curity. Box 888. Call. .
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewels,
silver, pianoe. guns, sealskins, silks, paint-
legs, at UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.
PARTNER wanted; good reliable man with
little capital. Inquire 41 Third St., room E. '
$100— LIGHT manufacturing business; owner
sick; article sells at sight. Call 41 Third, r. 5.
BARGAlN— Restaurant; neatly fitted; owner's
wife's sickness cause. sl3Vi Jones, nr. Geary.
$200— PARTNER Indoor business; will pay $60 '
to $75 per month to each yearly. Box 857, CalL
GOOD old corner grocery; only fixtures to buy;
rare chance for man with small means. C.
WILLMOTT. 91S Market st.
NEWSPAPER route; business portion of Oak-
land; a No. 1 route. C. F. W.. 501 Jones at.,
Oakland.
RESTAURANT fixtures cheap at 1245 Ken-
tucky st. Apply 234 O'Farrell st. '.
RESTAURANT for Bale cheap; new premises.
18 Mason st.
SALOON for sale in good location. Inquire at
636 Third st.
COFFEE and chop house; doing good
business. Apply at 625 Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Dry goods business. Address P. O.
box, 112 BenJcla. Cal.
BARGAIN— Shoe store; nice stock and fixtures.
Box 446. Uklah. Oai.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CASWELL * CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
44-ROOM house for city or country prpty.s4ooo
«4-room house; clears $300; payments — 3MO
■21-room house on Van Ness aye 1500
16-room house; clears $100 300
11-room house In Angels Camp 450
ir.-room house; central: $100 cash 300
80 rooms; rent $&0; on Mission st 1300
E4-room house; clears $300 1000 ,
17 rooms: on Sixth s?t 450
24-room house: new furniture 750
16-room house; fine corner 1000
14-room house; new and good 800
16-room; fine corner: must sell 900
FOR A HOUSE ANY SIZE OR PRICE call
on H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opp. 6th.
A-KREDO & CO 22H GEARY ST.
MONEY ADVANCED ON ALL HOUSES.
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS
A FEW DAYS ONLY.
$600—44 rooms: fine business corner.
$300 — rooms; a give away.
Many others from 6 to 300 rooms, from $159
to $10,000. KREDO & CO.
WINSTON & CO .' 1026 Market st.
18 rooms: cheap rent; one floor $450
20 rooms: rent $75; north of Market; snap. 800
2S rooms; brand new; give away 800
82 rooms; will exchange; corner 1000
$950— GREAT bargain; 80 rooms; $350 cash, bal-
ance easy payments from Income of house.
106 New Montgomery.
FOR sale, cheap, on account of sickness, room-
Ing house of 35 rooms; doing good business.
Box 865. Call office.
$600— INCOME $240; downtown boarding house.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. ______
NEAR Market et.; 24 rooms; good furniture;
rooms always full: price $900. Box 869. Call.
FOR eale cheap on account of sickness, room-
ing house of 85 rooms; doing good business.
$800 — SNAP; 40-room house; near Market; cen-
tral; must sell this week. Baslle, 873/4 Market.
9- ROOM house, furniture In good order; will
dell reasonable. 276 Minna st. '
TO buy a lodging-house, borrow the money of
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of a 7-room house; will sell
cheap. 446 Tehama st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S' Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. , tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co., 402 Butter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. W r ALCOM. Proprietor.
. J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie ' 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 210 14th
St.; cleaning, .(< per yard; tel. Mission 74.
[LIN'S carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
_ Gate-*ve. ; tel. East 126. - (
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APEIL 7, 1599.
/ PERSONALS.
LINCOLN BROS.
Sell 8 lbs rolled oats, 25c; 10-lb sack cornmeal.
20c;. butter. 25c square: 19 lbs granulated
sugar, $1; flour, Soc sack; tomatoes. 90c. doz. ;
sugar corn, $1 doz; picnic hams, 7%c lb; 20
lbs rice, $1; 25 lbs raisins, $1: macaroni, 25c
a box; 2 lbs fine coffee, 25c. LINCOLN BROS.,
cash grocers, 226 Sixth st.. above Folsom.
YOUR hair won't fall out if you use Lederer's
Quintonica, 35c bot.; Lederer's Foamo Sham-
poo, 5c pkg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER is the best hairdresser in the city,
but he charges only 25c; longest hair rolls.
3.'c; good switches, $1: fine. $2 50. Open Sun-
days 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
AUGUSTA LEOLA, 2326 Mission St., near 20th
—Greatest fortune teller in the world; gives
luck, love and magic charms; also teaches
fortune telling; fee, $1 and upward.
A FINE suit or overcoat to order. $10 75; we
have contracts with mills to take all their
remnants: samples sent all over the country.
L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUPERFLUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or strong medicines; treatment simple and
effective. 1128 Sutter St. MRS. CLAYTON.
OPERA bangs and switches. 50c up: this week
only: artistic opera dressing La Verite Hair-
dressing Parlors, 30 Geary; phone red "733.
WANTED— OId gold and silver for manufac-
turing. O. NOLTE, Jeweler, 148 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N.Y.TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
CITY OP PARIS laundry removed from 119
Stockton st. to 331 Geary. MME. JAUSSAUD.
THE genuine misfit, 272 Fifth St.. $30 and $40
suits at your own price; perfect fit guarant'd.
PRIVATE residence for ladles in delicate
health. MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth. Al'meda.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no in-
jectlon;guarntd.Dr.Gordln,sl4 Pine, ab.Kearny
FOLDING beds $8 50; bedrm sets $8: bed loung-
es $4 50; open ev's. L. J. NEUMANN, 121 6th.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture.
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom St.
BERWIN & GASSNER, furriers, formerly on
Post Ft., removed to store 110 Kearny St.
CLOAKS, furs and suits at wholesale
prices. H. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent' to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
SILK or cloth dresses made, $5 up; dresses made
over: perfect fit. 3 Eddy. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader; medical clairvoyant; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free: sittings, $1. 232 Stockton st. '..
MRS. SOPHIA SEIP. spirit seer. 1724 Market
Bt., near Polk; counsel, 50c; by letter, 50c;
meetings every night, 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. MBNA FRANCES. Independent slate
writing medium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8: 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVAL EXTRAORDINARY.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL.
MME. E. CURLEY
Has permanently located at 337 Geary Ft ,
bet. Powell and Mason. Her success as a me-
dium has startled the entire world. Her
power is acknowledged by press and public to
be of the highest order. She advises you to a
certainty by a higher than human power.
Her parlors ar.-> thronged by anxious people
looking for important Information, and every
reply is most gratifying; all are pleased.
Without a question she tells each caller their
name and for what they came. She gives
advice on business, speculation, lawsuits, old
estates, love, courtship and marriage— every-
thing. The unfortunate and troubled should
peek her counsel and start aright. Positively
no attention paid to letter unless $1 accom-
panies. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies. 60c; gents, SI: sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; 2."c: 1033 Mission
St.. downstairs: Mondays, Wednesdays and
Friday.
MME. MOREAU, the best fortune teller: 25c
up; tests free. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HAYS returned; card reader and ma«-
netist. 207 Powell Ft., rooms 5 and 6.
RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
BLANCHE DE CHAPELLE— Clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
CARD-READER; removed from 77 Ninth St.
to 1322 Mission, bet. 9th & 10th; I. 10c: g. 25c.
MIPS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st.
JESSIE BURNETT, card reader and palmist.
216 Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10. :.;-./*
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant
; and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: narhes given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band'B picture. 2, r .c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTRY, '
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil Count St. Ger-
maine, 3888 Twenty-first St., above Valencia;
fl White 1571; reading by mall. $1.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIK
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush
6t.; 16 years' experience: references given.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. BIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty ; inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are rilled or
crowned; pure gold filling from $1; platen
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
AT the ELECTRO DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood b 3g.. you can
have your extractions 1 done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
1 $3 50 up; plates, extractions. Tree, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 0 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new - flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; filling, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH without plates a specialty; full set of
teeth, $5; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c; all work
warranted for ten years. Modern Dental
Parlors, 1206 Market at., cor. Golden Gate aye.
VAN VROOM Dental Parlors; guaranteed
work: lowest prices; ten operators: open
evenings and Sundays. Sixth and Market.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS, 8 Maoon St., corner Market.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
cpeclalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction
guarntd. N. Y. Dentist, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; net of teeth.
$4: filling, gold. 60c; silver. 25c: crowns. $3.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AN experienced English teacher will take a
few private pupils; particular attention given
to . nervous and backward pupils and to la-
dles and gentlemen, whose education has
been neglected. Box 830. Call.
MERRILL-MILLER college: shorthand, typing;
Individual Instruction; new typewriters; book-
keeping; rapidity at figures by noted expert
Mr. Tarr; day. eve. Rms. 572-6 Parrott bldg.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
! penmanship, English branches, etc.: Ufa
1 scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: sunny rooms; low rates; day.
evening. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1256 Market st.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch).; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe'a \
! Academy of. Languages, 820 Post^ablest pro£» v ,
HOUSES TO LET.
SUNNT house, 6 rooms; bath; newly painted,
papered. 220 Ash aye., between Van Ness aye.
and Franklin. Apply 623 Golden Gate aye.
CEDAR aye., 117, north of Geary St., near Van
Ness aye. — House, 7 rooms and bath.
GEARY, 1018, between Polk and Van Xess-
House of 9 rooms and bath.
HOUSE of 32 rooms; good for lodging house. In-
quire 1153 Howard St., nr. Sth; two entrances.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of houses from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let— Eight large sunny
rooms; modern Improvements; large yard.
Apply on premises, 685 Guerrero st.
HOUSE to let and furniture of 7 rooms for
sale. 12 Laskle. off Mission, bet. Sth and 9th.
$250— GREAT bargain; nice furniture of six
room fiat; rent $22. 215 Guerrero, nr. 14th.
FURNISHED FLATS.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 7 rooms; also
$350 piano In use only three months; for sale
cheap. Call forenoons from 8 to 12 m. at 775
O'Farrell st. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTON, 333— A cottage of 3 rooms, chick-
en house, yard; San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fifth st. ; rent $6.
A — 6-ROOM modern cottage; nicely furnished;
piano; convenient to Berkeley train also Oak-
land cars; adults only. Box 866, Call.
DEARBORN, 80, off Seventeenth, near Valen-
cia — Cottage. 3 large rooms and bath, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; piano; $15.
$6 EACH— Cottage. 5 rooms. 2 new tenements
of 4 rooms. ; nr. 34th and Mission sts. Apply
64 Silver St., off Third.
$6 EACH— Cottage. 5 room's, 2 new tenements
of 4 rms. nr. 34th and Miss. Apply 64 Silver.
FOLSOM, 232ft— Cottage 7 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET.
CASTRO, 455, near Market — Fine new sunny
upper double flat, 10 rooms; stable; cheap.
CLA > south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
ELEGANT 7-room upper flat; bath; laundry;
sanitary plumbing; sunny side; 8 a. m. to 2
p. m. 718 A Bush st.
ELLIS, 71 Us— Furnished flat; use of piano; all
conveniences in kitchen; stationary tubs, etc.
FLAT 6 rooms and bath: modern Improve-
ments; rent $22. 1807 Eddy st.
GEARY, lj.'m— 6-room flat; complete for houpe-
ng; piano, etc.; reasonable; call from
12 to 6.
HARRIET, 253, near Sixth and Folßom— 3 sunny
ii .in:-; upstair!
LOVELY sunny upper flat of 7 rooms; bath.
411 Lyon st., near Park; very cheap.
LAI 'IKS' private entrance, polite attention, at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOVELY new u;>per flat: porcelain bath, etc.;
$14. 184 l'recfta aye.. near Mission *t.
OUR rent department goes to your home; get
printed list of flats from BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
PA INTER and paper haneer and good house
carpenter with family can get flat and take
most of rent In work. Hox 855, Call.
SHOTWELL, 22, near Fourteenth $13; sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms, bath and yard.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073^ near Castro— Upper
sunny 6 rooms; $1"..
597 Noe St., corner Nineteenth; upper 5
rooms: $17.
6 ROOMS, bath and cellar. 1425 Ootavia st.
$10— COTTAGE, 4 sunny rooms; 1H blocks from
Market st. 132 Rose aye., bet. Gough and
Octavta sts.
$13— (-ROOM upper flat: sunny side. Army St.,
bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN". (01, corner Fell— Bay-window,
mantel, kitchen; blue flame or gas; $12.
EDDY; 743—3 or 1 nicely furnished or unfur-
nished rooms with all conveniences; cheap.
FELL, 26-2 front sunny unfurnished rooms;
running water; reasonable; also small rm. $5.
FIFTH. 322 - Large sunny front bedroom ami
kitolif-n; grate, pink, water, bath; private: sll.
FIFTH. 392—Completely furnished hkpg. rms..
single or double; private family; rent low.
FIRST, 28—3 front furnished rooms, suitable
for housekeeping. $12 m.t; 2 unfurnished. $G.
FOURTH. 136 B*urnlah< ! r ms for light house-
keeping; also slnele.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
alcove and kitchen; 3 closets; running wuter;
bath adjoining; cheap.
GRANT aye.. 16 — The most respectable place
to borrow money on your valuables.
HAWTHORNE. 172. near HarHson-Dosirable
housekpg rooms for 2; use of parlors; reas.
HOWARD, 525 — Rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping. $6 ami $8.
HOWARD. 1068— Sunny front bay-window
room, hot and cold water; complete; $1 50 wk.
HOWARD. 1604— Two front complete house-
kpg rooms; gas: bath: private: very cheap.
JACKSON, IF.OIA— 2 large bay-window sunny
rooms; housekeeping; gas and range.
LEXINGTON aye.. 210— Sunny alcove room
. with kitchen; compline hkpg; bath; $12 mo.
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed, closet; $12.
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping: large yard.
MISSION, 112Si 2 — Suite of sunny rooms; good
cook stove; $2 week.
MISSION, 21113- Suites 2 or 3 newly nicely fur-
nlshed rooms complete for housekeeping; $11
and $14; bath.
NOE, 151—2 pleasant front rooms, first floor;
coal stove; tubs; bath; yard; $10.
OCTAVIA, 411— Sunny front room, large and
pleasant, bay-window, grate. $8 50: also small
room, $4 80.
O'FARRELL, irC3— Furnished alcove suite with
room adjoining; housekeeping if desired.
POWELL. 41S— 2 housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
PTNE, lI'SI— 2 or 3 unfurnished Funny rooms,
with bath and stationary wash tubs.
SHIPLEY, 201- 4 housekeeping rooms, $6; no
children, no animals; house new.
WELL, 211— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room.
STF.VEnVsON~.~4O3. corner oTFifth— Large suite
of rooms, complete for housekeeping; cheap.
THIRD, 309—2 large rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; $2 50 per week.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing, $1 50 i>er week.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3369. near Mission— 2 or 3
large sur.ny furnished housekeeping rooms, $8
and $10; running water.
VALENCIA, 834 1 *, near Twentieth— Sunny front
room and kitchen; housekeeping; bath and
use of yard; $13.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished parlor floor, 4 rooms; gas range.
WASHINGTON, 620— Housekeeping rooms new-
ly papered. $5 per month.
WASHINGTON. 1322. near Jones— 2 rooms, fur-
nlshed or unfurnished for housekeeping; rent
low.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 810 A Geary St.— Front bay-window suite,
suitable for visitors from the East; prettily
furnished, including piano; dressing-room;
hot water; gas; private bath; electric bells;
telephone; servants: board optional: $35 mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Et.— Pleasant
sunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT Stockton, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single: facing plaza: day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny corner suites and
single rooms; all conveniences; ramilies and
gentlemen: elevator.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 624, The La. Mar— Newly furnished
sunny rooms en suite or single: reasonable.
CEDAR aye.. 121, bet. Polk, Van Ness, Post
and Geary— l, 2, 3 lovely rooms; cheapest In
city; newly furnished or unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA, 83—6 nice rooms; cheap rent.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 — Roaedale House— Rooms rented by
day. week or month at cut rate prices; cheap-
er and better than any house In the city.
ELLIS, 41S— The Grand Carnot— Nice front
rooms; suite and single; $1 50 to $6 week.
ELLIS, «39, corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
bay-window; mantel; gas; for two.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
bay- window; mantel; gaß.
ELLIS. 720— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; single or double. J
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
FIFTH, 1531*— Sunny suit of rooms suitable for
dressmaking or office: other rooms; quiet
house.
FRANKLIN, 21— Rooms for men, $3; large
sunny bay-windows, $10 per month.
FOLSOM, 776&— Large furnished room; 14.
GEARY. 556— Elegant sunny front and back
parlor suites; other rooms; piano; telephone.
GEARY, 736 (old number 710), near Leaven-
worth— 2 single rooms. $« and $5: with bath.
GEARY, 813%— 1 single and 1 double room; $6
and $10; private family.
GEARY. Single room, running water. $1 25
per week.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 104— Corner bay-window suite; incan-
descent lights; dentist or doctor; other rooms.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $150 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784i / £. nr. Finely furnished
sunny rooms; bath; convenient; $1 week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Butter— Opened under
new management Apr 1; elegant sunny suites,
single rooms; most central part city; elevator.
KEARNY, 305, corner Bush— Remodeled; new
furniture; several choice sunny front rooms.
LOANS made on trunks, pianos, paintings,
statuary, bric-a-brac, furniture, valises, guns.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MASON, Single sunny room; bath; gas;
private family.
MISSION, 825— Suite of two rooms first floor;
also front room suitable for two gentlemen.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room per night, Sso to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.: baths.
POLK, 610— A nicely furnished room for one or
two; gas, bath; private family.
SEVENTH, 199 (Girard House)— Sunny rooms;
also 1 large unfurnished room; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 553—4 large rooms; sunny cottage;
$8.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BOARDING AM» ROOMS.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable house
of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ELLIS, 618— Nice sunny rooms, with good
board, use of parlor and plan ■. (20 each.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, wlta
room. 14 a week up: elegant parlor «ult«.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; ex-
cellent board: reasonable: table board.
POST. 609. near Pleasant sunny room*,
with excellent board; meals at all hours.
POWELL. 309 (Waldorf)— Beautifully furnished
sunny front "suite: bath: excellent board.
RESTAURANTS.
PERINI'P. 16 Mason st— French dinner. 50c;
lunch, 2f.c or a la carte: prl. rms. for ladles.
CAMPI'S Restaurant: any 2 15c dishes, with
■mall coffee. 25c. 106-8 O'Farrell. opp. Orpheum.
LOMBARDI'S French dinner. 25c; 10 a. in. to i
p. m. 43 Stockton (old No. 25). nr. O'Farrell.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and ice
crmm pqrTnr. IP'S Market.: popular prices.
CHILDKE- BOARDED.
GOOD home tor children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
STORES TO LET.
LARGE corner store on Geary st. to rent or
lease for a term of years; low rent. Apply
544 Geary st.
GROCERY and bar; 'good location; low rent;
living rooms. Apply 336 Third st.
OFFICES TO LET.
GEARY. 822 Large first floor bay-window front
furnished suite, suitable for doctor or dentist.
EXPERT OPTICIANS,
THE wrong glasses will ruin the strongest
eyes; any sensation of pain is warning;
Mayerle's glasses relieve headache, painful
smarting, itching, discharging, burning,
twitching, scratching, inflamed eyes and
falling sight; .Danger Signals and Mayerle's
Belf -fitting System mailed free; write to-day.
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
tician* 1071H Market ?t . San Francisco.
■ ■ - . . - ; . MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of . monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel- 1
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day: no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and. expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday; 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
A SURE, safe arid speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find In
her a true friend; a home for patients, with
every comfort, convenience of a hospital and
privacy of a home; consultation free and ab-
solutely confidential; satisfaction guaranteed,
without Injury to health, or money refunded,
by MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4,
and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment only.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davtes,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market st.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
A NEW process for female trouble, no matter
from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; can be sent
safe and sure; no medicines or Instruments
used; consultation free: traveling parlies
helped instantly and safe treatment guaran-
teed; cure, $5: by the well-known specialists
and ladles' physicians for 37 years; see us.
DR. POPPER and DRS.. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write, 1023>A Market St.
AILMENTS peculiar to women, also obstetrics;
la' ' methods; strict antiseptic precautions;
lai. - - -r or far see DRS. GOODWIN free;
well known, reliable, safe and sure; cure in.
?4 hours guaranteed; any time; maternity
home; best medical attendance; pills, $1; cure,
$5. 1362 Market, bet. 7th-Bth; tel. Howard 424.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause- positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, J5; travelers helped In-
stantly; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5, 7 to 8 p. m.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.— Private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attention; terms mod-
erate; regular physician in attendance; con-
sultation free; infants adopted Into good
homes: call before consulting others.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs; over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours 9:80 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and
7 to 9 p. m.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
st.; $160. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE! home In confinement; best refs. ;
1540% Howard; Mrs. M. Wiedemann, midwife.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement:
best of care. £52 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law;
6th floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, at-
tachments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, con-
tracts, etc., drawn; mod. fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; prlvte;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
AM no lawyer, but in divorce matters will give
full Information free; strictly confidential.
Box 831, Call office.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market; consultation. free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH prop.
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711
i PIERCE & TAYLOR Storage Company; pack-
t. Ing, advance, etc, 733 Market; tel. Black BU.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW MODERN CORNER FLATS-
BIG BARGAINS. i '
PRICE $4800.
RENTS $540 PER YEAR.
Flats contain 5 and 8 rooms each, with every
known modern convenience contained in a
new building; street bituminized: terms to
suit purchaser. Apply to F. NELSON, cor.
Twentieth and Castro sts.
$100 CASH, $25 . a month— s rooms, bath, base-
ment: lot 25x114: concrete walks; half block
from cars; 824 Elizabeth St., near Douglass.
J. ANDERSON, USA Eleventh st., owner and
builder.
— MISSION COTTAGES —
Four, 6. ( and 8 room houses on the sunny
side cf Twentieth et.. between Castro and
Noe: $2200 to $3200; small cash payment; bal-
ance monthly; over 40 houses sold in same
block by F. NELSON, builder.
COUNTRY RKAL ESTATE.
$4SOO— BARGAIN; 160 acres rich farm land; well
improved; all fenced; plenty good water; 5
miles northwest from Livermore. For parti-
culars address RASMUS BJORN, Hvermore,
Alameda County, Cal.
TEN miles from San Rafael. 3 minutes' w_lk
from railroad; ranch of 6 acres, with modern
improvements; $2500. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COT ATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
$6 TO $30 an acre; list free; crops sure. M.
GRIFFIN.' Cotton wood. Shasta County. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MILK ranch and business for sale; includes 1
acre of land. 3 houses, barn, 15 cows, whole
milking outfit, EoTpe, wagon and harness; 85
milk customers; nets $90 month; situated in
Berkeley. D. J. TOBIN, real estate and ln-
surance agent. 2121 Stanford place. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
44-ROOM rooming house; vacant lots $4000
31-room lodging house; house and lot — 1300
66-room lodging house: city property 4500
20 acres in Placer County; anything.... 500
4 flats In the city for large lot 6000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. and 15 Eddy.
320- ACRE farm in Nebraska, $3200; clear; rent-
ed for 1899; for any good California property.
J. H. EPSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
• sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us
first; you will be waited upon quietly and
quickly. Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. ■J.
NOON AN, Wl7 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ■
ANY amount at 6U per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A— WHEN tired of other pawnbrokers try THE
CUT-RATE LOAN OFFICE. 23 Mason st.
IF requiring money ascertain our fates; circu-
lar mailed to address. Gould. 131 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO ?50,000; lowest rates) Ist and 2d morlg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
MONEY to loan— Real estate, 2d mprtg., chat-
tels, etc. Harper & Krelger,3l2 Examiner big.'
LOST.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbmila Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of MOSES HERRMANN or BABETTE
HERRMANN, No. 200-BSB. . The finder will
clcase return to bank.
LOST— Small pocketbook containing railroad
tickets. Finder please return to mom 43,
Ninth floor. Mills bldg., and obtain reward.
LOST in neichborhood of Sixth and Howard,
"pocketbook containing papers and peddler's
permits. 8. HOFFMAN. 413 ; Eleventh; reward.
LOST— Black . and .tan deerhound; return to
superintendent Sutter-st. Railroad , and re- I
ceive reward. . .. . .
LOST— cows; two red and one nearly white.
1102 Mission fit. ' •
FOX terrier dog; white body: black head; re-
ward. GEO. GROSSMAN. 32 Post St.
LOST— Small package containing money, on
Tenth st. Return 418 Tenth st. reward.
LOST— Small blue and tan dog, named "Little
Man " Return to Haquettee, Palace of Art,
16 Post Bt. ; $10 reward.
OLD gold,, diamonds, sliver and pianos bought;
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
_____ _
FOUND.
FOUND— A Gordon setter >g. Ca}l at 8 Pros-
pect aye. between c and 7 p. m. '-'"■■
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing all the furniture^
fixtures, finishes, etc., for Uie Hall of Justice
anu Morgue buildings.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of .the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 4, 1599.
In accordance with resolution No. 2587
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
sealed proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, April 17, 1899, from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for furnishing all the furniture,
fixtures, finishes, etc., for the Hall of Justice
and Morgue buildings, In strict accordance
with the plans and specifications prepared by
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, and filed In
the office of the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors on April 3, 1899, copies of which can
be seen by intending bidders at office of
Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects, at No. 24
1 Montgomery street.
Bidders will bid on this work with the un-
I derstanding that all the material mentioned
in the specifications shall be manufactured in
the State of California, and that all labor
necessary in the manufacture of said mate-
rial and all labor necessary in the erection
1 and completion of the work mentioned in the
specifications shall be performed by parties
residing in the State of California.
And it It to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and
that the minimum rate of wages to be paid
shall be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will also be required to submit with
their bids a certified check on some bank in
the city and county of San Francisco in a
sum equal to one-tenth (1-10) of the amount
of their bid, and the party or parties to
whom the contract or contracts may be
awarded will be required to enter into a bond
in a sum equal to one-fourth (^) of the
amount of their contract, signed by two or
more good and sufficient sureties, to be ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors, for the
faithful performance of tne contract.
Bidders will estimate and state a price on
the* following subdivisions of the material to
be supplied and work performed, to wit:
First— For all furniture, including all metal
grill work In connection with same; metal
railings for prisoners docks; all courtroom
and other railings; hardware; metal shelving
and vault doors; ventilators, Bertillon sys-
tem- photographic appliances and kitchen fur-
niture. ' ,
■ Second— For gas and electric combination
fixtures. .
Third— water filtering system.
Fourth— For tinting and decorating.
Fifth— For electrical apparatus, switch
board and telephone system.
Bidders will bid with the distinct under-
standing that separate contracts will be
awarded for each class to the lowest respon-
Bible bidder.
For any further information required as to
receiving copies of plans and specifications
bidders will apply to the architects. Messrs
Shea & Shea.
• The party or parties to whom each one of
the contracts may be awarded will be re-
quired, prior to or at the time of the execu-
tion of said contracts, to pay one-fifth the
cost of advertising this and a former .notice
in three dally newspapers, and each success-
ful bidder to also pay the cost of the publi-
cation in the official newspaper of the reso-
lution awarding him his contract.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank in the city and county
of San Francisco in a sum equal to one-
tenth (1-10) of the bid deposited by the bid-
der with his bid and- made payable to the
clerk of <he Board of Supervisors, conditioned
if the proposal be accepted and the contract
awarded, and if the bidder shall fail or
neglect to pay the printing charges, execute
the contract and give the required bond with-
in six days after the award is made, then and
in that case the said sum shall be collected
and paid into the City and County Treasury
by said clerk as liquidated damages for such
failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so reoulres.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
t 1021 Market it. ( bet, 6t_ and. 7th.
— - -■ — --' -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale — Three modern, houses, 8 rooms, Just
finished; cor. Grove and Albion sts.; cash or
installments, or take lot as first payment.
WM. MANN. 3d & Washington sts.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 1C paces, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage pail. -,
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
HOUSEKEEPING.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping, or rooms
and board: beautiful garden; fresh milk. 1734
Delaware St.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Frankllr], Oakland.
MABRIAGE ~LICENSEsT"
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Herbert C. Roper and Caroline C. Ohff 28-38
Lorenzo Lutich and Nike Beusanka 24-34
Salvatore Ditto and Rosa Russo 26-15
Charles Earner and Theresa Fredericks... 22-21
Oscar J. Bamberger and Cora Lederer 25-22
Jacob L. Foge and Louise W. Egger 26-24
Eugeno McCarthy and Elizabeth Stannah.4s-2J
Gabriel T. Karpel and Augusta Oppenhelm.4S-41
Bernhardt Myers and Hanna Warshauer.. s9-40
Howard W. West and Annie Karmany 42-36
■ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the -publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DIERSSEN— In this city. March 28, 1893, to the
wife of John Dierssen, a son.
GRANT— In this city, March 22. 1599, to the
wife of J. R. Grant, a son.
HOWARD— In this city. March 31. 1899, to the
wife of William H. Howard, a daughter.
MOYSE—In this city, March 30. 1899, to the
wife of Jules Moyse, a son.
O'KEEFE— In this city, March 28, 1899, to the
wife of John F. O'Keefe, a daughter. '.■•%t;
HARRIED.
BECK— OLSEN— In Suisun. April 5, 1899, by the
Rev. O. Groensberg, Hans Beck and Nicho-
lina Olsen.
CALLAHAN— DONNER— In this city, April 4,
1599, by the Rev. Father Prendergast, George
Callahan and Lillian Dormer, both of Milton.
DUNKER— GLASHOFF— In this city, April 5,
1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry H.
Dunker and Anna M. Glashoff.
LOUGHRAN— ARTHUR— In this city. April 2,
1899, by the Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
Patrick H. Loughran and Claire Arthur.
OHM— TOBBENBOSKE— In this city, April 5,
1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, William F.
Ohm. and Anna M. Tobbenboske.
RAHR— RICH— In this city. April 1, 1539, by
the Rev. O. Groensberg, Nicolai J. Rahr and
Jessie- V. Rich.
DIED.
Cash, George 1 Post. Lily H.
Chester, Hannah L. Quinnam, John J.
Chevalier, Fortune . Robohm. Louis
Crase, Mrs. Llllie C. Schutte. Alice R.
De la Fontaine. C. Smith, Hannah
Durroux. Joseph i Strong, Joseph £>.
Getten, Gertrude M. Yon der Li. th, F. H.
Griffin, Thomas F. Winslow, Edward N.
Indlg, Sarah
CASH— In the City and County Hospital. April
C. 1899. George Cash, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 54 years.
CHESTER— In this city, April 6. 1899. Han-
nah Isabelle Chester, dearly beloved mother
of Theodore and Agnes Chester, a native of
Mendocino County, California, aged 35 years.
(Mendocino County, California, papers please
copy.) • •" . •,•;■:
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at i o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CHEVALIER— In this city, April 6, 1899, For-
tune Chevalier, dearly beloved father of
George F. Chevalier, a native of Belle Isle,
France, aged 85 years. *
Notice of funeral hereafter.
CRASE— In Oakland,' April 6, 1899, Mrs. Lillie
C. Crase, beloved mother of Albert, Willie
■ and Stanley Crase and Mrs. Nellie Schu, aged
45 years 9 months and 12 days. . ;,:.v ■
DE LA FONTAINE— In this city, April 6, 1899,
Charles, beloved husband or Marsaret de la
Fontaine, and father of Charles and Joseph
de la Fontaine, a native of Belgium, aged 75
years 7 months and 29 days.
lt_»"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock,- from his late resi-
dence, 1221 Nne. street, ' thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
DURROUX— In this city, April 5, 1899, Joseph,
beloved husband of Leonie Durroux, and
father of George and Fernande Durroux. a
native of France, aged 53 years 5 months and
25 days. " .'. vr
tC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 9. at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of .1. S. Godeau, 305 Montzomery avenue,
thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, corner of Seventh
and Market streets, where services will bo
held under the auspices of Franco-American
Lodge No. 207. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ' -.' ■
GETTEN— In Sandy Hill, N. V.. April 2. 1899.
Gertrude M., beloved wife of Ira C. Getten.
mother of William A. Getten, and beloved
daughter of William A. and Elizabeth M.
Brown of San Francisco, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years 6 months and 23 day«.
GRIFFIN— In this city. April 6, 1599, Thomas
F., dearly beloved husband of Sarah Griffin,
and father of Cassia and Leslie Griffin, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years and 4
months.
INDIG— In this city. April 6. 1899, Sarah Indlg,
a native of Germany, aged 55 years. ; .
in7"Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:15 o'clock, from the parl6rs of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, under the
auspices of Deborah Beneficial Society. In-
terment Salem Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
POST— this city, April 4, 1599. Lily H. Post,
beloved daughter of Mrs. A. E. and the late
F. L. Post, mother of Frank P. and Lily
Post Blair, and sister of Stanley 0., Albert
E. and Raich M. Post, Mrs. E. E. Hunt.
Mrs. George Gray and Mrs. E. L. Bennett,
a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 42 year«
7 months and 12 days. (New York papers
please copy.) Remains at the parlors of Craig
& Cochran Company.
!C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
April 7, 1599, at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Craig & Cochran Company, 52 and 58
Mint avenue.
QUINNAM— In this city, April 6, 1899, John J.
Quinnam, a native of Main«. aged 47 years
end 3 months. (New York and Boston papers
please copy.)
ROBOHM— In this city, April 6, 1899. Louis,
dearly beloved husband of Gesche Robohm,
father of Margaret, Sophie and Louis Ro-
bohm, brother of Mrs. J. Behlmer. Mrs. H.
Schutt and Maria Robohm, and brother-in-
law of Cord Robohm. Mrs. A. Stahl and Mrs.
H. Diedricksen, a native of Oldendorf. Han-
over, Germany, aged 32 years 9 months and
23 days. . ;v.
SCHUTTE— In this city, April 5, 1899, Alice
ituphiel, beloved daughter of Kate and Maxi-
milian Schutte, and granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John Hurson and Mr. and Mrs.
John Sc^iutte, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months and 2 days.
o_s"The funeral will take place. this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 1202 Bryant street. Interment
private, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, April 6, 1899, Hannah, be-
loved wife of Joseph A. Smith, and mother
of Mac. Ola, Kittie, Willie, Tom. Eddie,
Frank, Grade, Ada and Maud Smith: a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 49 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
STRONG — this city, Joseph D. Strong, hus-
band of Elizabeth Haight Strong, and father
of J. Austin Strong, a native of Bridgeport,
Conn.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. S. P. Haight. 534 Oak street, near
Webster. Interment private.
YON DER LIETH— In this city. April 4, 1899.
Friedrich Harold, beloved husband of Doro-
thea yon der'Lieth, and father of Dr. Harold.
Walter and Olca yon der Lleth, a native of,
' Germany, aged 67 years 3 months and 27 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 742 Broadway, thence to St. John's
Evangelical Lutheral Church. Mason street,
between Pacific and Jackson.
WINSLOW— In this city. April 6, 1899, Edward
N., dearly beloved husband of Rose Wlnslow,
brother of Christopher and Thomas Winslow.
and son-in-law of Mrs. Mary Keegan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday)." at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 609 Broderick street, between Hayes
and Grove, thence to St. Agne3 Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock. Inter-
mi-nt Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
fUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
I McAVOY «fc CO., I
3 FUNEKAL. UIUKCfURS _ EMii.A.- I
ft 1236 Market it, between Bth and »U_ 0
I Telephone. South 247. I
1112
TO VOTE ON THE
PARK EXTENSION
Question Will Be Submitted at a
Special Election in May.
fhree and a Half Million Dollars to Be
Provided for Acquisition of the
Necessary Land.
ma
f\H Tuesday, the 23d day of May, the people of this city will Q
%J be called upon to express by vote their wishes regarding £>
the proposed extension of Golden Gate Park panhandle to Van &
Ness avenue. The matter will be submitted on the question of $
the issuance of bonds to the amount of $3,500,000. These
bonds will run for twenty years. To meet their payment will re- £
quire the setting aside each year of $175,000 as a sinkiag fund %%
with $112,500 a year additional for interest. These figures £•
have an impressive sound, but when dissected they are not for- £*
midable. If you are a taxpayer here is your share of this O
"white man's burden" which you will be called upon to bear. £,
If taxed on $100 worth of real estate or personal property 8 •',
cents will be added to your bill. If taxed for $1000 the in- £
crease will be 80 cents; on $10,000 it will be $8; on $100,000 O
it will be $80. If you are within the charmed circles of the %
millionaires you must pay $800 additional on each million. §
to
■ Tho Street Committee of the Supervis- j
ors took definite steps yesterday to place
in the hands of the taxpayers the widely
discussed question as to the expediency
of extending the panhandle of Golden
Gate Park into the very heart of the city.
Mayor Phelan, who has taken a lively
interest in the projected improvement,
conferred with the committee. He pre
eented estimates made by R. D. McElroy,
an expert In real estate, and by William
Curlett, an architect. According to their
Investigations, the land required is worth
f1.529.T67, and the improvements $1,364,755.
For he proposed connecting link between
the park and the Presidio the land is
appraised at $240,000 and improvements
$12,000.
The proposed acquisition of this property
has had the effect, according to his
Honor, of putting a stop to all dealing in
this land and placing it under a cloud.
Its owners are anxious to have the matter
settled once and for all, and this can only
be done by vote of the people. The elec
tion machinery would be placed in mo
tion at once and would be ready on any
• day selected by the Supervisors. The
election will cost $11,000. A two- third
vote in favor of the measure is necessary
for its passage. The resolution which
will be presented to the Board of Super
visors on Monday is as follows:
Whereas, The City and County Attorney
' has rejiorted to the board that an election
lor sewer and scln>ol bonds cannot be held
on the aajne day as an ■ lection for Pan
handle extension bonds, and -whereas, an
indebtedness lor tie construction of sewers
and school buildings may bo incurred only
under the municipal Improvement act,
which is . ..ate and distinct from the
park act, under which lands may be ac
• quired lor park or boulevard purposes,
and the board will hereafter determine what
other improvements may be made at this
time, so tiat an election tuereiur may be
called to provide the means required as
soon as the Merchants' Association recom
mends the same and the expense is ascer
tained. The board, however, has decided as
to the desirability of acquiring lands for
the extension of the Panhandle and the con
nection of the I'ark with the Presidio, and
there is nothing inconsistent with other im
provements contemplated in acquiring; this
land now while values are low and private
improvements are tew; therefore,
ltesolved. That a special election be held
on Tuesday May 23, 1&»3, at which the peo
ple will be called upon to vote for or
against th« acquisition of lands necessary
to extend the Park Panhandle to Van Ness
' avenue, and to connect the Park with the
' Presidio at a cost not exceeding $3,500,000,
■to be raised by the issuance of bonds to run
twenty years, bearing 3% per cent Inter
est, the board being of the opinion that San
Francisco should be adorned and beautified
and that this improvement will greatly odd
to the city 1 b attractions and thus draw
and hold a desirable population which will
add to the city's wealth; also by connect
ing the Park with the Presidio by the ac
quisition of land between Thirteenth and
Fourteenth avenue* the city practically an
nexes 1500 acres which are contained in the
Presidio reservation to its park system. we
. ■ are further impelled to immediate action be
cause the people owning property are en
titled to an early decision as to whether or
not their land is to be acquired by the city
for these great public purposes.
The opinion of City Attorney Lane that
two matters could not be submitted at
one election has' given the proponents of
the measure some concern. They fear the
people of the outlying districts may make
a concerted effort to defeat it on the
ground that its adoption will delay the
improvements for which they are clam
oring. These will, in reality, come under
the direction of the Board of Public
Works and will not be affected by the ap
pro v;. of the park extension. This is ex
plained in the resolution drafted for pre
sentation Monday. .*.«_.«
The Street Committee showed the incli
nation of the Supervisors to break down
existing monopolies on public utilities. A.
y Martel. a dealer in a small way in light
and power, was granted permission to lay
a two and one-half inch steam pipe and
also conductors for the transmission of
electric power. The territory covered by
his concession la bounded by Third. Mar
ket East and Bush streets. Mr. Martel
16 to pay 3 per cent of his gross receipts
to the city. ,
Representatives of the Teamsters' and
Draymen's Union and of a patent block
pavement company appeared before the
committee. They asked that the blocks
be accepted by the city as a special pave
ment. It is not incjuded in specifications
now The matter was taken under ad
visement. The committee reported in
favor of tho following matters:
Of rejecting bids for paving Page street
crossing at Flllmore street, work to be done
by private contract; reducing the width of
Elgin Park sidewalk from Hermann to
Thirteenth streets; action of Superintendent
of Streets directing that Front Etreet, be
tween Jackson and Pacific streets, and
Merchant street, between Montgomery and
Sansome streets, be placed on the street
sweeping schedule as of the first and second
classes respectively: recommendations of
Superintendent of Streets Fragley that
Rhode Island street, between Twenty
eeeond and Twenty-third, be graded to the
official line; that an eight-inch iron stone
pipe Fewer be laid in Parnassus aye. to con
nect with a sewer near First aye.; that arti
ficial stone sidewalks be laid on Green
street between Fillmore and Steiner;
that artificial stone sidewalks be laid at the
corners of the crossing of Green and
Steiner streots, nd the roadway be paved
•with bitumen; that an eight-inch iron stone
pipe K-wer be constructed In Ninth avenue,
between I and J streets; that a twelve-Inch
iron stone pipe sewer be constructed In
Crescent avenue, between Holly street and
Priuth avenue; that an eight-inch Iron stone
pipe sewer be laid In Ninth avenue and I
street; that a twelve-Inch iron stone pipe
sewer be laid in Crescent street, near Holly;
of closing Camillo place; of granting J.
Eiger permission to repair wooden side
walk north side of Vallejo street, west of
Powell; petition of Mrs. 1... Van for per
mission to maintain a sign at 19074 Mission
street; of Odd Fellows' Golden "Jubilee com
mittee to suspend a banner over Market
street in front of Odd Fellows' Hall; peti
tion of M. ' H. I^awler for permission to
fcrarte and macadamize the roadway and
sidewalk in front of premises. Twenty
fifth ar.d Point * boi avenues; petition of
W. B. Phemester for permission to suspend
Flgn front of premises 77* Howard street;
petition Loewenthal & Co., permission to
erect showcase, 914 Market street; petition
of residents for the establishment of grades
on all streets south of Golden Gate Park
•where they have not been established; In
favor of referring to the City Engineer for
the estimate of expense; petition of Fed
eration of Mission Improvement Clubs for
the letting of contract for the Improve
ment of Holly Park to the extent of the
•utitMy^ttea .*■«* placed,, op. gig; >a favor,
resarvey of the Barman Tract, fixing the
lines of the streets and setting all the
necessary monument? of perpetuation of
the same; changing and establishing of the
grade at the crossing of Alameda street
and San Bruno avenue; petition of Charles
Coblentz for a license to solicit street work;
petition of J. J. Dowling & Co. for per
mission to pave with bituminous rock by
private contract. Church street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth: protest of prop
erty owners against the paving of Folger
alley; protest of property owners against
the paving of Kearny street, between
Broadway and Vallejo street.
The following were reported upon ad
versely:
Keo.u<\<=t r«f Pan Francisco Teaming Com
pany for permission to blat-t on lota on
Devlsadero street, between Broadway street
and I'aelfic avenue: petition of J. Stor
man requesting that the clerk he directed
for grading
and macadamizing Lundy'a Lane from Ks=
meralda avenue, northwesterly; the protest
Of R".sa Rnvegnn against the laying of
artificial stone sidewalks nn Market street,
between Fifteenth and Sixteenth: petit ion
cf Ernest Brand for the laying of artificial
etone sidewalk on Broadway, between Oc
tavia and Laguna streets*.
VERDICT OF DEATH
GIVEN FOR SEA LIONS
THE REDUCTION OF THE VAST
HERDS IS ADVOCATED.
Many Interested Parties Are Wiling
to Assist the Fish Commis
sioners in the Project.
The resolution of the State Fish and
Game Commissioners to make a big re-
duction of the numbers of sea lions that
are destroying thousands of tons of fish
along- the coast every month, as pub
lished yesterday in The Call, has caused
much comment by men in many walks
of life in this city. As the move appeals
more particularly to those interested in
the fishing industry it is natural to sup
pose that this class is its stanchest sup
porter. At an early hour yesterday a
half dozen or more fish dealers and pro
prietors of .fishing institutions telephoned
to the commission and promised all the
support that the movement requires. Not
a few called and stated that they have
suffered for a long- time from the dep
redations of these rapacious animals,
which have destroyed m-ts to the value
of hundreds of dollars, to say nothing of
the fish they have killed.
Among the visitors was J. P. Haller of
Booth & Haller of the Sacramento River
Packers' Association. The gentleman
stated that for years past he has ob
served the destruction of salmon during
the spawning season at the principal
points up the river and bay by sea lions
and it is not exaggerating the case to say
that these animals kill every season In
the bay more fish than the canneries
pack, and the habit of the sea lion is to
kill SO per cent more than it fais. Tho
canners and fishermen have long wanted
to start a crusade against their common
enemy, but believed that to do so it would
be necessary' to have the backing of the
State officers. Mr. Haller said that his
firm wab willing and would be gl;id to
stand a part of the expense of the thin
ning out of the sea lion herds.
Another iiiteiested party was F. F..
Benjamin, who for years has had ample
opportunity to observe the destructive
propensities of the much-d'\<pi*"d creat
ures. He sent the following letter, ad
dressed to Secretary J. P. Habcock:
Dear Sir: Allow me to express my apprecia
tion of your efforts to' protect r.ur salmon flph
eriea by exterminating the herds of sea lions
alons the coast. 1 am a friend of the salmon
and from personal observations I know that
your statements as pet forth In this morning's
Call are correct In every particular. It is the
sincere hope of myself and numerous friends
that you make a firm stand against the rapa
cious seal, and that no sentimental arguments
in favor of the "majestic and picturesque sea
lion" be allowed to prevail against the fact
that those hordes of useless animals are de
pletlng nur home supply of the finest and most
valuable food and game fish in the world.
TOUTS truly, F. E. BEXJAMTN.
C. S. Benedict Informed Commissioner
Vogelsang thai, the move should bo cac
"Ut by all means. Mr. Benedict has
studied the pea lion from a utilitarian
standpoint and his testimony !s that the
creature is commercially worthless. Sev
eral years ago a man in the southern part
of the State attempted to establish an
industry on his own hook by trying out
sea lions' oil. He got the oil all right, but
after spending much time and money in
an attempt to deodorize it gave up the
project as a had job. No practical U3e
tuv, he made of the thick hide of the
beasts. The Commissioners do not expect
any opposition to the destruction of the
animals except from those who object to
killing from a sentimental standpoint.
The meeting at which the matter will be
discussed will be held within a week or
ten days.
Purest Beer
Is BIT>WEIRER, made <>nly by the Anheuser-
Busch Brewing Ass'n. Barley-malt and hops
alone are uteri in its preparation. No corn.
Output over 6C>n.noo.Oon bottles to date.
Firemen Fined.
The Fire Commissioners mot yesterday
afternoon and fined Thomas Mcllroy, en
gineer of Engine 16, three days' pay and
J. McQuaid, engineer of Engine 13, two
days' pay for neglect of duty. Joseph
THdeman was appointed to Engine 18,
Fred Orr and Charles A. Heim-man to
Engine 4 and Ernest Goodenough to
Truck 4.
Wollwebber Reinstated.
The Police Commissioners Wednesday
reinstated ex-Sergeant of Police Wollweb
ber, who was dismissed from the depart
ment some time ago for neglect of duty.
He has been assigned to Captain Witt
man's department. The reinstatement
was due to the urgent pleadings of his
wife, who has nine children.
■ ♦ •
Bates on Oil to Be Advanced.
. I Rates £n oil Xrgm. y.e^XP^j to^gaAJ
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 1899.
Francisco by way of Panama will be ad
vanced from 50 to 63 cents per hundred
pounds, beginning with the 15th inst.
Owing to the scarcity of steamers, due
to the late war, the Panama Steamship
Company will change its schedule be
tween New York and Aspinwall to a trl
monthly instead of a weekly service, be
ginning this month. The steamers will
leave on the 10th, 20th and 80th of each
month.
RIGHTS OF CYCLERS
ARE AGAIN SUSTAINED
JUSTICE COOK DECIDES A SUIT
FOR DAMAdES.
California Associated Cycling Clubs
Win a Decisive Victory Over a
Reckless Teamster.
Justice G. W. F. Cook rendered a de
cision yesterday in the case of William
H. Carr, a bicyclist, against Henry Meyn
which is of unusual interest to wheelmen.
The bicycle is so much a vehicle of util
ity, owing to the repaying of Market
street, that this decision denning the
rights of riders will be welcomed by the
fraternity.
Mr. Carr was thrown from his wheel
after a collision with a wagon driven
by Henry Meyn. It appearing that Carr
was not at fault, the California Asso
ciated Cycling Clubs determined to insti
tute a suit. The law firm of Adams &
Adams appeared for the association. Af
ter a spirited presentation of the case it
was then takon under advisement by Jus
tice Cook. His opinion, in favor of the
wheelman, was rendered yesterday, as
follows:
The law applicable to the facts In this
cas* haa been Industriously presented by
the plaintiff: there can be no question as
to the rights of thp road on thn part or
the respective parties as matter of law;
that Is: the party traveling on a street or
road must as a rule of travel pass on the
right s!de of the center of the strpet or
road, in the direction in which he is travel
ing. Not that a traveler may not travel
on the left sMe of the road, but if he do. he
is railed upon t'-> exercise greater vigilance
as to travelers he may meet; that is. more
than ordinary care or vigilance. While the
traveler is on the right side of the road or
street he must use ordinary care and pru
dence or vigilance.
There is no question of law peculiar to the
rights of a bicycle traveler In a given road
or street. He has the same rights and is
subject to the same restrictions In traveling
the road or street as any other vehicle
traveler or any other traveler. The ques
tion here then is one of negligence on the
part of one or the other of the parties in
this case. This question Is one of both
law and fact.
C. P. HUNTINGTON \
"Reuben, Reuben, I've Been Thinking
What a Fine Thing It Would Be
If You'd Build a Whitewashed Fence
All Around This Earth for Me,' 3
I have come to the conclusion on the
evidence and law as stated In the foregoing,
that defendant, be.ing on the wrong side of
the street at the time of the accident, was
bound to be exercising, if not extraordinary
diligence and vigilance, certainly more than
ordinary diligence and vigilance in the con
duct of his vehicle. On the other hand, the
plaintiff had a right to expect a clear road
and was only amenable to the exercise of
ordinary diligence and vigilance when he
turned to the side, where he had a right
to turn, and where he was met by the de
fendant and his vehicle, and where he re
ceived the Injuries complained of.
I find that the defendant was not exercis
ing such diligence and care at the time of
the accident as his position on the wrong
side of the street and the law demanded,
and the plaintiff was at the time using the
care and diligence which the law required
of him and the collision was the defendant s
fault. Judgment, therefore, for plaintiff
In the sum of T.O.
"99" Cleveland bicycles, $40 and $50; "99"
Crescents, $35. Leavitt & Bill. 309 Larkin.*
De la Fantaine Passes Away.
Victor de la Fontaine, father of "Joe" de
la Fontaine, tho popular clerk of the
Grand Hotel, died at the family residence,
V. West MiPiion street, Wednesday night.
Mr. Fontaine had been ill for some time,
bit nevertheless the end came somewhat
suddenly. He has been a resident of this
city for many years, and was well and
favoiably known throughout the Mission.
Officers of Trinity Church.
The regular meeting of the congregation
of the Trinity Presbyterian Church was
held last evening. After the various re
ports from the church boards were read
an election of officers was held, which
resulted as follows: H. E. Postwick. V.
J. Mayhew, Robert E. Elder, elders; T.
R. McLeod and D. O. Davenport, deacons;
Mrs. M, F. Gilley, deaconess; D. A. Halse,
George Johnson, W. A. Smith, E. B.
George and Norman H. Martin, trustees.
■♦ ■ -
Gold leaf, gold bronze, Flemish, bone
black and natural' oak moldings for . pic
ture-frames in the very latest patterns
at Stillborn & V all's. •
HUNTINGTDN'S
ELECTION WAS
NOT UNANIMOUS
Stanford Votes Were
Against Him.
CAST FOR GENERAL HUBBARD
STILLMAN'S OUSTING POOD FOR
COMMENT.
Another Year May See Some Impor
tant Changes in the Official
Personnel of the South
ern Pacific.
C. P. Huntingdon remains president
of the Southern Pacific Company for an
other year at least, though his election
was not the result of a unanimous choice
of the directors. Mrs. Leland Stanford
can neither forgive nor forget Hunting
ton's abuse of her hushand, and her rep
resentatives will never be permitted to
cast a vote that, will do honor to her" hus
band's successor. The votes of Charles
G. Lathrop and R. J. Wilson were for
General Hubhard for president. All the
other directors voted for Huntington. No
changes were made in any of the offices,
which are as follows: President, C. P.
Huntington; vice president, Thomas Tf.
Hubbard; second vice president, Geeorge
Crocker; third vice president, J. C.
Stubbs; fourth vice president and gen
eral manager, J. Kruttschnitt; controller,
William Mahl; secretary and assistant
controller, E. C. Wright; treasurer, N. T.
Smith.
The story published in The Call of how
Stillman was driven from the directorate
of the Southern .Pacific Company, be
cause he would not cringe and bend the
knee to the railroad Caesar, was freely
commented upon yesterday in the rail
road building, and was admitted to be the
true history of events in that connection.
There are those who prophesy that an
other year may see a different result
when the election of officers is held. Had
not death taken Charles F. Crocker dur
ing the past year the predicted change
might have come yesterday.
Since Huntington has become the sole
survivor of the big four who built the
Central Pacific Railroad he has assumed
a manner in the conduct of its affuii;.
that has shown a lack of tact and an ut
ter absence of consideration for the feel
ings and opinions of his associates. He
has virtually arrogated to himself the
powers of a dictator, and those whom
he could not control he has sought to
destroy, much in the style prevailing
among the autocratic Presidents of the
Spanish-American republics.
It was a well-known fact that he and
the late Charles Crocker were not In ac
cord, and that the brothers of the lat
ter shared the dislike of their kinsman.
Evidently fearing the result of a possi
ble combination of the Stanford and
Crocker forces with Stillman, Hunting
ton made up his differences with the
Crockers during the meeting of the
Southern Pacific directorate recently in
the East and thus assured his continu
ance in power. Had General Hubbard
consented to become a candidate for the
presidency two years ago, it is believed
that he would have been elected by the
votes of the Stanford, Crocker and
Searles representatives.
Edward F. Searles. who was elected a
director Wednesday for the first, time
since he became possessed of his large,
block of Southern Pacific Company stock,
is a new factor in the situation. Should
Huntington be impolitic enough to antag
onize him, as he has most of his other
associates, there will probably be some
thing doing at the next annual election
of the Southern Pacific Company.
Miss Moroney's Concert.
The maple room of the Palace Hotel
was crowded with a Jarso and fashionable
audience last evening, attracted thereto
by a concert given by Miss Mary Gene
vieve Moroney, the talented local pian
iste. The patronesses of the affair in
cluded many ladies prominent in the se
lect social world. Miss Moroney was lit
erally showered with roses after the ren
dition of her first number. Miss Moroney
was assisted by Mrs. Etta Bayly Blanch
ard. Henry Holmes and Donald de V.
Graham.
GAS AND ELECTRIC IS
STEADY AND HIGHER
MARKET QUOTATIONS AD
VAUCE A FULL POINT.
Report That Supervisors Will Re
scind Their Action Restores
Confidence and Arrests
Downward Tendency.
San Francisco Gas and Electric has
practically recovered from the effect of
the action of the Supervisors in fixing the
rate to consumers at $1 10 a thousand, and
this recovery is directly attributed to the
confidence which the holders of stock
place in the report published yesterday
morning to the effect that the Supervisors
would rescind lhr-ir action at the next
meeting of the board and fix the rate at
{] 50. STesterday tne stock moved up a
point, being quoted on t lie Stock and Bond
Exchange at 7;>!'2 to 73%. No sales of suf
ficient size or quantity to unfavorably
affect the market were made. It is he
lieved that these figures will not be ma
terially changed unless new causes for
apprehension should materialize or the
prediction as to the purpose of the Super
visors in the matter should fail of realiza
i tion. The big drop in the value of the
stock following the announcement of the
incorporation of the new Independent
Company is not likely to be followed by
further movement downward, from that
cause at least, as the. bulk of the stock
'is held by a clirjue of capitalists interested
in preventing a further decline, and any
off rrings by the smaller stockholders hav
ing ;i tendency to bear the market will
undoubtedly be taken care of. This fact
was evident yesterday, when the market
remained tirni and even advanced a trifle,
notwithstanding the efforts of the bear
element to force the price down.
There is very little likelihood that the re
ported intention of the Supervisors to
compromise with the gas company will
prove false, for while the members of the
board generally decline to commit them
selves on the subject, there is a marked
tendency on the part of several of the
Supervisors who voted for the resolution
last Monday to reconsider their action.
They intimate that they made a mistake
which they desire to correct.
In response to queries on the subject
yesterday the Supervisors expressed
themselves as follows:
Aigeltinger— l believe In a fair rate.
Kalben— l am a $175 man, but would
compromise on $1 50.
Collins— That's my business. You will
Know where I stand when you hear my
vote next Monday.
Lackmann— lf the rate is raised I would
stand for $135. We can't tell what may
happen.
Deasy— l don't think we can reconsider.
The action of the hoard was undignified.
One would think it was child's play In
stead of millions being involved. Had
a rate of $1 35 been made it would un
doubtedly stand. A $1 10 rate is not sen
sible.
Phelps— l have given the matter no
thought.
Attr'dge— lf asl 50 rate is proposed as a
compromise I will vote for It. I want to
do what is right by all.
Holland— A $1 10 rate is too low. We
must do right by all.
Byington— l am opposed to a $1 50 rate.
I believe the rate should be cut 30 per
cent.
In the meantime all talk of in
junctions and taking the matter
into court must be regarded as
speculation pure and simple. Should the
Supervisors conclude to leave the rate at
$1 10 some such action would undoubtedly
he taken by the gas company, but for the
present the directors of the corporation
have simply referred the question to their
attorneys, Bishop & Wheeler, for investi
gation. The work of the attorneys will
hardly be ready for several days at least,
and in the meantime the gas directors
say there is no occasion for haste. If the
action of the Supervisors is illegal it will
still be illegal a week hence, and there
is plenty of time in which to institute
legal proceedings to prove that fact and
protect the interests of the company.
CUTLERY DAY.
Some articles cut 60 per cptix.
Rome articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
WARRIORS BACK TO
HOME AND HEALTH
Six Score Blue Clad Heroes on
the Transport Arizona.
A Large Number of Sick and Wounded
Brought Back From Manila After
Weeks Spent in Hospitals.
;* "THE transport Arizona came into port yesterday laden with six •?
£ I score and more of those who have been wounded in harsh battle
O or stricken with the dread maladies bred in the fever laden #
•' swamps of the Philippines. Although the good ship started with •?
S» 143 men on her sick list, the greater number of them tossing in g«
« their bunks, she tied up yesterday with the same number crowding 0
g at her rail and shouting thanksgivings for health come back in a g
*S temperate clime and a safe return to God's country and his people. $3
P But three of those who started their journey in their bunks re- ££
0 mained there, and the surgeons aboard the boat say they will be up 3
& and about as soon as home and its salt-laden breezes have been •?
S given more time in their work of rejuvenation. f?
BCBBCBBSBBSSKBB O •.0%0%O f *O\O f ;o\C-. f *O\O\O\C>\ O \O\v\C-v:>NO\o£oß
Laden with the sirk and sorf> wounded
of those who have gone to Manila to vin
dicate and deff-nd this country's embryonic
policy of imperialism, the transport Ari
zona came into port yesterday with 143 of
ficers and men invalided home for "medi
cal attendance" at the post hospital at
the Presidio.
The Arizona's crew of invalids did not
present so sorry a spectacle as some of
those who have come before. These were
the wounded, thf> men who have gone
shouting into battle and paid for their en
thusiasm in blood and pain and
shattered bones. They were _ not
taken down with fevers generated
in deadly swamps nor with t"he
sicknesses that come of days of In
action in a tropical camp. It was a
bandage here or a stretcher there, or a
splint or a poultice that answered the roll
call when the Arizona's cargo was tn'ilfd
off the deck yesterday and ticketed on the
cars for "home."
Not one of them but offered up thanks
giving. For the better part of the year
they have waited, baked, fought, and suf
fered under the vertical rays of a south
ern sun. Not one of those who came in
yesterday but has spent such time in a
Manila hospital that he recognized the
h faith-giving zephyrs of the temperate
zone the moment the big boat sailed into
it. The testimony of every one of them
is a tale of horror and living death in a
country where none may live save those
who are born to it.
On board the- boat there were many
-whom the surgeons said when steam was
made in Manila would never live to see
this western port. There were fractured
skulls and mangled limbs, body wounds
that refused to heal under the hot suns
of the south and mangled limbs that
looked as though there were no cure in
them. They were all convalescent to a
certain extent, or they never would have
been started home. It is not the sick unto
denth that Uncle Sam sends back. But the
winds and softening sun of the north did
its work, and yesterday when the Arizona
docked there were but three of those who
started in their bunks who were not on
deck to cheer the Golden Gate when it
hove in sight.
Nearly a year of dread experience has
taught the army what a hospital ship
should be, and the Arizona, when she
started and when she brought up here
was all that good Government money
could make her. She was fitted with the
best and every man of the bullet-stric.kon
crew aboard her was loud in his praises
of the corps of surgeons sent out to wait
on their injuries.
Besides the 140 and odd men of the
ranks who fell at the first day's fighting
were Major "Williams of the First Nebras
ka, Captain C. L. Plckens of the First
Oregon and Lieutenant Irwin of the
"Washington Volunteers. Lieutenant
Charles Hogan of the First California
was also among them.
Lieutenant Hogan, who is well and
popularly known in this city, was shot
through the left breast in the first day s
fighting. As he was crossing an open rice
field with his company, Company M, he
was struck by a deadly Mauser that en
tered just above his heart, penetrated his
lung and emerged at his back, leaving a
ghastly wound that the surgeons said
would cause his death within a few hours
But Lieutenant Hogan had not had all
of his vitality baked out of him, and after
thirty days in the hospital was well
enough along to warrant his removal to
this country. He arrived here yesterday
almost well after five weeks of cool ana
invigorating winds and was willing last
KAINFALL NOT DIMINISHING.
Climate of California Unchanged Ac
cording to Statistics.
Inspired by the threatened drought and
by the talk current that the climate of
California had undergone a marked
change in the past fifty years the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad Company, under the
supervision of W. H. Mills, has had a
rain chart compiled showing the precipi
tation by months from 1549 to the Ist of
April ISW. This thoroughly refutes all
theories that the climate is changing or
the rainfall diminishing and shows that
there were but two seasons of serious
drought in the State in the last haJf cen-
tU These charts are handsomely printed in
colors on heavy paper and are 2sx4^in(-h-s
in size Ten thousand copies have been
Drinted" for gratuitous distribution. They
will be sent to every large newspaper in
the United States and to every person
making application to Mr. Mills for a
copy The purpose is to offset the effect
of publications In connection with the
threatened drought that might prove in
jurious to the State.
SUICIDE OR DISEASE P
Iceman Thomas J. Griffin Dies Under
Suspicious Circumstances — An
Autopsy Ordered.
Morgue Chemist Crackbon reported to
Coroner Hill yesterday that Thomas J.
Griffin, a driver for the Union Ice Com
pany, had committed suicide by turning
on the gas in his room at 117 Welsh street.
Coroner Hill did not send for the body,
but in the afternoon visited the home of
the. dead man. He learned that the dece
dent had been suffering from rheumatism
of the heart and took the statement of
his wife.
Mrs. Griffin said she left her husband s
bedside at about 6:30 yesterday morning.
Gas was burning in the room and the
window was open. At about 7 o clork
she returned and found that the gas was
out and the room was filled with us
fumes. She went to her husband's side
and found him dead on the bed. An au
topsy will be held to-day to determine
whether death was due to heart disease
or asphyxiation. _
Yosemite Valley,
Via Inspiration Point, now open for tour
ists. Roads in excellent condition. Now
is the time to see Yosemite. Stages run
daily. Sleeping car to Raymond com
mencing April 9. Office S. P. Co.. 613 Mkt.»
Drug Clerk in Prison.
J. S. McDonald, a clerk in Carroll's drug
store. Market and Ellis streets, and well
connected in this city, was arrested last
evening by one of Detective Curtln's men
night to talk of his experiences on the
other side.
"1 did not know just what to make of
that first day," he said. "The First was
in quarters when the firing began and
was ordered to assemble, when it heard
heavy work going on on the other side
of the Pasig. General Mac Arthur's bri
gade had begun the work we had all
looked forward to for weeks and the Ne
braskas had opened the ball. This was at
11 "'clock on the night of the 4th. We
were ordered to Paco Cemetery and we
stayed there until 1:30 in the morning,
when we were ordered back, as the firing
had not begun on our side of the river.
But after we had got bark to camp the
firing did begin and again we were or
dered to the cemetery and got there
about half-past 4 of the same morning.
"Major Duboce's battalion, composed
of Companies M, F, G and L, was or
dered to the cemetery to report to Gen
eral King. The general ordered two of
our companies to blockhouse 11 and two
companies to report to Colonel Wholly of
the First "Washington to relieve two of
his companies. Colonel Wholly ordered
Lieutenant Charles Hogan.
us in the open rice fields at his right to
relieve two of his companies which had
suffered several in dead and wound
ed during the night. They lost two killed
and twenty-five wounded in four hours.
"Just after Sergeant Wall of the First
was killed we were. ordered to charge, but
before it began 1 was shot and as I was
carried off the field there came the news
to me that two others of our brave boys
had been mortally wounded.
"Those Filipinos are no mean foes. So
long as they can lie behind their
trenches and fire they will stay as long,
as any one, no matter how many are
killed. But the minute our boys begin to
yell like Comanches and charge their
works they run like a lot of rabbits and
they are slaughtered by the dozen. Al
though the reports sent to this country
of Filipino losses were greatly exagger
ated, we did leave so many of them on
the field that we burled them in their
own trenches, simply throwing their
breastworks over them in the ditches be.
hind.
"Our boys suffer, of course, but the>
like to fight; they are hungry for it every
minute and they go into a scrap laugh
ing and talking as though they were go
ing across the bay on a picnic. I don't
believe that it hns occurefl to any of them
yet that there Is a- possible chance of any
of them being hurt. For the present,
however, I have enough. I do not know
whether I will be ordered to return or
not."
and charged with petty larceny at the
City Prison. For some time past he has
been under suspicion for theft, and last
evening a trap was set for him into which
he readily fell. Three marked half dol
lars were placed In the till, and shortly
afterward they were missing. When ar
rested he was searched, and besides the
coins, medicine, syringes and sale tags
were found in his possession.
MEANING IS HAZY.
Suit Brought to Determine the Con
struction of Mrs. Toland's Will.
Hugo H. Toland, individually and as
trustee of the will of the late Mary B.
Toland, has sued Mary J. Earl. John TV.
E. Morrison, William D. Carney and
other devisees named in Mrs. Toland's
will, to determine the construction to be
placpd on a certain paragraph of the
testament. The paragraph over which
tlje action was instituted reads: "'Should
my death occur before the expiration of
the leases of my landed estate, I desire
the firm of E. B. Marliek Esq. and his
partners to receive all rents. 1
All the devisees are at variance regard
ing the meaning of this paragraph. Mine
holding that the word "receive" means
that the firm shall take and keep all the
rents under the conditions named, others
that they are simply to receive the rents
for the benefit of the estate, while the
rest are at a loss what to think. Hence
the suit.
Stricken With Apoplexy.
Shortly after 6 o'clock last night a man
was found lying in an unconscious con
dition at the corner of Front and Califor
nia streets. He was carried into a saloon,
where efforts were made to revive him.
They proved fruitless, however, and th«
ambulance was sent for and the man
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the doctors diagnosed the case as apo
plexy. The man had a Letter on his per
son addressed to A. C. Antrim, Loa &.nge
les, Cal.. from a company at Grand Rap
ids. Mich., which manufactures a prepara
tion for cleaning walls. The unknown
man wa's about 65 yeara of ajje and was
well dressed.
» Joel Chandler Harris a
$ Begins a New Series of His Fa- «
» mous $
£ "BRER RABBIT" STORIES ®
& In Next Sunday's Call. »
oaa»assaass&assasi2